Come on Flyers.. If it wasn't for Bryz, the Flyers would be down 4-2. Flyers defense needs to step it up in the 2nd period! Go Flyers..
Any "celebs" on there that you just had no clue who they were?
That was our horse!!!! Forgot to bet!
I'm not picky, I have standards.
You're very welcome - I agree, beautiful!
I love you!:) HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!:) I know you and I have had our one time, but that's over!! I love you soo much!! <3333
u live on an air force base! Ah that means hellls and bells of sexyy guys! Send me one:)
Big chalk for Baylor tonight (-19.5)...the Bears haven't been this big a favorite since 12/22/2010 (-21.5 vs. San Diego)
wow! This video is extremely viral! Its all over facebook from everyone!
Wolf Larsen had taken to his bunk with one of his strange, splitting headaches
Is having a really #good #day and, #rainbowbuffalo #:) Cereal Bowles
fawn over Tebow all you want but don't bring Rodgers into it, makes you look like a fool. Rodgers has the ring
like the best thing ever...well, not really, but it's RIGHT up there :)
Finally Lebron James shaves his Jesus beard omg it was hideous
Hi! Had to leave early because I'm still getting over being sick, but DM me and hopefully we can connect?
Game tonight vs. Houston. Argentine showdown between Scola and Ginobili
have a good day
haha yah true if Daniel can make it with his luck I should be fine lol
Thanks for the Doyle column. Hadn't seen that.
so that's why u can't pay for a Brewers game, ur money is gambled away!
Congrats on finishing! Good luck with the defense -- I'm sure it will go well.
out here listening to !!!!
RT : BREAKING: Mitt Romney wins the Virginia Republican presidential primary. -RAS
You could be sitting on your toilet taking the biggest dump not knowing that is at your front door
We need beers and mallets.
Lauren Hill concert tonight with my lady
Never danced so much in one night! #bowltrain4ever and spins should be required listening.
so happy for all the praise your novel is getting btw
It's so weird! All of my clothes are shrinking. I can't figure it out.
CHAPLIN is already on Twitter!
Senate meeting at 4:30pm in Shiley Hall room 301! Larry Williams, DIr. of Athletics will be joining us!
Great meal at DW Bistro (Las Vegas) -- great food & service!! Highly recommend!! (Fort Apache between Russell & Sunset)
why on earth are we even allowed to pass people.. It scares the living crap outta me
Equity futures are lower and bonds are better on Wednesday morning as investors await key indicators on employment...
What are your awesome plans for tonight?
My latest story which was posted on April 22, is showing the date of April 18. It must be a glitch in the system. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Lucky Girl!!
Diabetes in dogs really stinks!My Lily has little energy and is blind from cataracts. She's still so cute!
I wish I can leave.lol
Supper pissed that my commuter jeans got a stain on them. Aren't these stain resistant??
Monday Mantra: "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
Tryna plan the move for tonight but old girl keeps shooting down all my ideas...UGH
really liking jake owens!
i cant :/ my parents wont take me
RT : Lol bulls fans are happy the Heat lost. Shouldn't you be worried about elimination??
I take a video of it next time lol.
leaving Sunday so u should make it a point to get here before then sir :-)
Rosé, classic rock, manicures, Summer 2012 is off to an amazing start. Come home to us, !!
ha, nice! your totally right about #haircutseason. Need to chop it off before sleep away camp
Can't take it when I'm gone
Just got summoned for jury duty. In Minnesota.
Attending the DOE presentation on the Growth Model and our new A-F School Accountability Model.
Squarepusher - Unreal Square <U+266A><U+266A>
What is anti-father bias?
#Huguely waives his right to take the stand in his own defense.
draw something. You drew a star cat. But that is not an option.
Sophomore golden couple, SP and SD have been over for less than a week. She's already seeing other people. Hasty...
Looking forward to it.
RT : If you don't practice you don't deserve to win. -Andre Agassi.
Space Precinct was, pound for pound, better than any iteration of the Star Trek franchise.
U no we gon do it anyway so baby why we waitin
Live here at Hawthorne #Burgerville we have The Traveling Salesmen!! come on down and hang out with us
My timeline is a hilarious mix of people supportive of the President, people critical of the President, and Vidal Sassoon.
thanks for telling me and
I am not safe. As long as the number of 2-year-olds in my class continues to rise without a corresponding increase in aides, I'll kill you.
thank you soror!
Congrats on reaching a 1000!
Just got Home! : ) I need a day to Re-Coup : ) FABULOUS SHOW! Thanks to Everyone & the FHC Amazing Staff, your the Best : )
I love my bed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> Good night!
I love LL Cool J! Just felt like sharing.
lol I'll stop when you stop.
Sometimes I think he does it on purpose so that you'll spend time with him....
Congrats to #TeamKhleo member for finally meeting <3
"Barack Obama, is that a hoagie?" Only Maya Rudolph can make a worthy delivery of that line.
you got the motto lol
2nd half has begun. Crowd going wild!
I had forgotten how wonderful a #snowday can be!
RIGHT? I was like FUUUUU- -_-
running now
Nope, how about yours? Does your job suck?
Aortic Anatomy and Function video - Animation by Cal Shipley, MD Trial Image Inc.
fine be that way miss bracy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
dear sallie mae, you are lame. sincerely, chelsea
just mentioned 4-20 on and looked lost. Great start to my morning.
I wonder why clothing co. like RocaWear, Phat Farm, Sean John and others haven't come out with school uniforms??
FIRST LADIES!! THE NEW SAYING IS "APPLE PIE FACE" #JENN ‡-)
At The Snack Bar in Oxford, Mississippi drinking whiskey!
I fuck wit you .. namean , but that dont mean we best friends .
haha!! so HAPPPYYY last day today, WINTER BREAK STARTS!!
oh umm my dad got hit by a van on his motoecycle then the guy ran his leg over twice and broke the bone in front and
One fortune cookie instead of two in my Chinese delivery today. They're onto me.
fair; I'll be the first to admit I'm more ignorant of 's biography than I'd like. But I hope you can understand how
Did Jennifer Lopez and jessica on American Idol just have your shoes on? If not , they should have been. :)
We're serving a porchetta sandwich, but need suggestion for another braised meat, portable somthing-a-ruther. Help us, PLEASE!
In all seriousness, this is the secret to life: Whatever you is, be that.
interesting...thanks for the insights...
I think I usually am, except where V is concerned.
96,595 - Number of pages printed by my desktop printer without anything more than general upkeep.
Pretty sure that Bovada just reversed a bonus... check your statement
If life's a bitch.. And ur still a virgin.. U ain't livin bitch
Dan Schneider and his trolling will be the death of me.
<~ it says user doesn't exist when I click him
Yes, laughter would be good about now (and so would lemondrops).
a fuckin' am
Stuck wearing an angry birds bandaid. -_-
If you want a livable wage, cut up your credit cards. If you have to borrow to live, you're letting your boss off the hook.
sorry I missed saying "I love you " yesterday! .. "I love you" thats for yesterday too... :)
stomach problems almost gone...walking helps get rid of the pain...walking and more waling...did you walk today...
I'm ready for and to come on yay Feb 19th! Yes I heart the Kardashians.
love you so much!
PEGGY!!! Way to stand up for yourself!
the louder your motorcycle the bigger your....ego???
Just ran into our AWESOME property manager, Stuart. He said there are only 4 units left!!
Back from dinner break 4k8k 1k ante I'm sitting on 450k with 28 players left. Play down to 18 players tonight.
Hey Chris! Thanks for following.
Thnaks for the follow (y)
you're an education major too?!
Why did you just call me a dork? I hope you were flirting //;
I just found out there's a McDonalds in the city of Minneapolis I haven't visited. Wow. Are there other things I haven't done or don't know?
I love that Romney called gay marriage "a very tender and sensitive topic" today.
yea u the only one I think
I'm seeing a spooky in your future.
Am totally discombobulated by working from within the dept where the conference is being held. I know everything & nothing!
HRJOBBOARD.COM is hiring Consultants that will help our Job Board grow and help HR Professionals gain employment. Email:
I'll take anything at this point, the mute button is prob the best choice.
Thank you. I changed the permanent links. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Isnt it weird when u look at someones instagram that u werent following and u see a picture of yourself yeah it just happened omg
My sisterinlaw, avid antichoice RWNJ, wouldnt converse with her bro in private email about it, but she posted antichoice shit on his FB wall
Is it me or was every big time actress and actor on #friends makes me more obsessed with the show
whats wrong this time, the girl didnt want you ?
Ya no recuerdes
Let it be known that the plague does exist
Krazy #Klout says I am influential about #Dallas and #dogs Um, in real life this is not true!
Honey Badger, Honey Badger..Who you think you stopping? Stuck in my head thanks to
I may or may not be working with a broken knee.
Saw ICA's journey to the intersection of Dance & Draw. It's a strange neighborhood with many gems, and more than a few spacial oddities. Go!
yes, know her friends; stick a note in her lunch every know & then telling her your thinking about her.
@ in the article emotional reasoning is a negative for decisions; I think emotion can make lessons learned stick
have fun sweetie and be safe sorry I haven't been able to come out and support u but I love u and pls be safe.
HEY RILEY.. THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME... I FOLLOWED BACK.. SPREAD THE WORD.. FOLLOW MY PAGE I WANT TO REACH 1000. ONLY 400 MORE
Came back to the hotel to charge my phone but the power is out..great great great
LOL- RT : Fact: The Lakers have not won a second-round playoff series game since the departure of Adam Morrison.
Who wanna skip 's class with meh wensday? XD
"Write down why you want money"
yes. gaufregourmet at hotmail dot com. Or through our website. ;-)
Thanks for the retweets!
Random fact #11 He has a dog named angel!O:) FOLLOW ME
. those things u list as feminine strengths (nurturing/relationship stuff) that's flows from women being better at Mothering! :)
Heading off to the theatre, my friends. AMERICAN GRIND @ Lyric Hyperion in Silver Lake,California. Be there at 8p.m for this hilarous piece!
i g2g bye
Omg jus tried the Doritos taco.... it was AMAZING!!!
Apply! I'll talk to my manager.
Why was Candace Bergen chosen to play Cuddy's Mom on HOUSE? She's awful.
I watched it like 4 days ago… that movie was terrible… T_T
#FollowBackFriday on Deck
Check out this new site that Yahoo and Google are calling the next Facebook or Twitter. www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
He said "balls" : i started two years ago processing my own matzo for "the balls"
a taste of your own medicine
lol i was about to be like dang!
there's one in every crowd, & its ususally me!
Yeah haha its on my back and my bra is killing me.
I enjoy your tweets. Real and True.
Loved tonight's Whitney Houston episode of
Brick walls are there not to stop you, but to see how badly you want something.
what??! Crazy!
ActorStuff: Please never post on any social network that your scene partner is stealing your laughs. Bad, bad, bad form.
Ok, Facebook is getting really annoying with all the likes for X, if you don't like X keep scrolling. Shut it, if I want to "like" I will.
FOLLOW ,ME PLIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSS
I probably only get like 3 hours of sleep a day now...lol
MT re 'the Supreme Court softball team just got an UPGRADE' // lets hope for no soft ball suits
omg omg omg omg thank you thank you thank you!
Reggie Bush is a DISASTER for any fantasy football team! Sigh.
That's how I picture my 1st career NFL catch looking.
I am ready!! I loved last weeks episode!! ": Who's ready for some #DuckDynasty tonight?! Who caught Uncle Si Living young ...
“ You can't help who you love, but you can help who you TRUST.”
no way! Awesome. Which night? ( I haven't looked at program yet. )
LOOKING FOR GOOD ACOUSTIC ACTS IN HOUSTON@ PLAY LIVE FOR US!!!
Ask the Attorneys Forum. May 18, 2012 7pm at Artists Boot Camp. Topic: Why Are Artists Broke? Panelist: Monique Gibson, Efrem Craig,...
Damn right. RT : You go girl. Speak your mind
"Like" this if you're having a lazy Sunday. (Bonus points if it's with Mama Pita.)
But it helps. Same old thing same old result. Insanity!
I saw it last night too! Thought it was really good!
Don't get discouraged when your team loses. Just try to think about something else!
yours is better!
don't I always lol
Leave it to a guy from NASA, to help start the turn around of the ASTROS.
juss talk to him (: stop being shy >.< haha
That's great. I'd love to know more. Are they k3-8? What's their enrollment? They have wait lists? Full of ?'s aren't I? :-)
Damnit I can't open these fruit snacks!
Lazy day after getting no sleep
ten days till Christmas! i'll be counting down everyday.
some one tweet me :(
I choose to be prived, not deprived. I just choose to think about how much Love I am privy to!
I concur.
RT : #FF the podcasts that help me survive my boring day job
hahahaha its true give me some initials.
Thanks for the great review, yes we do deliver: 305-573-4535. Order online from Fri-Sun and get 15% discount on your delivery
Usually the most time people think about having a #safe is when its too late...help me secure your funds!
Do they even make car-top pet carriers?
Our capital database has grown to over 800 vetted sources. We have access to senior debt sources, mezzanine sources, and equity investors.
Do I get bonus points if I act like I care?
haha it depends though..
Totally miss your cheese! Looking forward to seeing you next week at the open house. We definitely need 1:1, too!
I am also opposed to using the term "child-less". "childless" connotates something sad &....
Please contribute reasons to see the
Judas Priest Call James Durbin 'Idol' Cover 'Dream Come True'
looks good
happy birthday! Enjoy princess mode!!
Thanks! Fun post. I like to preach simple & direct words.
oh good god RT my mother has just been asked to work the tasting counter at a local winery
And the names they give to flavors are comical. Also, Stride's gum logo and name make me think it's a condom brand. Ha!
Happy Tuesday! Adding a couple new songs to our arsenal for Friday at The Grove in Elm Grove! Will we see you there? =)
Amazing feeling running the Chicago Marathon
I like my music real loud, real loud.
Gotta love #CollegeBaseball: No college players use the phrase "face of the franchise"
you can live<3
there really should be a page in the yearbook called Alex's Ass
I wonder what it would be like without :L x
I'm sure it will be!!!
The Bible says that when words are many, sin is not absent! Some people need to heed that advice!
Had a great time w/ at their candidates luncheon. Now on my way to the NANC forum.
Bowing down to a great. His Film as a Subversive Art remains required reading. MT : Amos Vogel, 1921-2012. Simply the best.
Illbe biking by there in about ten minutes. Will investigate.
#kids Western Artists of America Closes at Pearce Museum at Pearce Civil War & Western Art Museum, Fri, May 11 6:30p: The Pearce Museum...
We canmake it work somehow
Where would you say that the wild things are?
that little boy probably just wants to play a game of dodge bat #DUH ;D
I love my clients. Cannot believe the outpouring of support, flowers, NetFlix & even a TV for my recovery. They really are family.
thanks boss man
Dude is where it's at... ya not following? GO,GO,GO!!
YOU DRIVIN ME WILD
i need get back on this twitter shit hard
yes, we hold the event every november. not set in stone yet, but it's looking like 2nd weekend this year.
I've got to get up at 6:30 that's not sleeping in my friend
a possibly free trip to an MLS match...would you or people you know be interested?
RT Rally Haft Tir sq Protest right now.
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Wesley Peterson Jr °Rising 5th °Alexandria, VA °Travel Team: Team Takeover °Point Guard 5’1
many congrats to you and Can't wait for the housewarming party!
Is this your kitchen?
u has been tweeted at
You don't count on your dreams- Your dreams count on you
: Thanks for the tip! I'm planning on going indoor mountain biking later so that'll help w/preventing pain from that too.
Happy Valentine's Day <3 !
Yes !! Valentine love coming in ! (:
BEST? Rainbow Pho Express, most convenient and still very good Pho Kim Long (open 24hrs)
RT this if you're ready for the weekend!
ALLEN PLANO FRISCO ESPN2 COME PARTY WITH US #BlacklightPartyOct22 FOLLOW FOR MORE INFORMATION!!!!!
thank you for this!
aye it do go hard on the cool
#Imagine You bought new sunglasses and put them on. Niall:"I love them, but take them off, I want to see your beautiful eyes babe."
I just got soaked at work and it was not epic.
Ain't nothin like NY Deli food das fur damn sure.
follow and please :D x39
October 1, 1961 - Roger Maris hits his 61st home run against Boston's Tracy Stallard, in the Yankees last game of the regular season.
Loving all the Nike US Open outfits tonight. Especially the ladies.
Our new doggie Dixie had a great appt today at the best vet in S. Philly, Get your animals over to Dr. Cori today!
#Cher is amazing becuz she's Cher! Imperfectly Perfect. Follow that bitches! <3
Anyone know why iMac would be unable to detect a Canon XHA1? Apple store employees just spent an hour trying to make it work & couldn't
I actually have not. Can you please link it to me if available online?
Anytime, dude.
i do lol
Looking forward to discussing my race against Joe Barton with everyone here in the Twitter-verse!
What's with all the duplicate messages tonight? Someone please help!!!
Congrats Richard!
I like chocolate cake.... oh im going to put my birthday cupcakes pics up on twitipc so hold on. They are going to be fantastic
my kids love that song. They don't know what it means either.
happy birthday! One year in busyness and many more to come!
Sometimes I feel like you guys should just hug it out!
give me pizza or give me death!
but I love you more!
Girl Next Door - A Pole Dance Soiree Tomorrow! Don't miss it, we'll all be doing Halloween themed performances!!
> everyone else
Hell has no fury like a conniving bitch
Quite a line for the flu shot -glad the line moved fast
we were like the Chucky Cheese animatronic Bear Band
What the fuck is this @ symbol hashtag shit, is everything not just scanned & public access? Yeah... dont see me caring enough to understand
We just had a Journey moment.
But you are going into surgery. That's how I feel every time I have a reading. Those who know will turn your play into pieces
no that's an old pic! I'm in a hospital guarding a guy for work
yeahness! Super nice chapter with great talent, drawing from all over TX
Thanks , , , , for your support of
Early birdd get the worm
5 Weeks #glutenfree and feeling great! Thanks to all the companies and people who help make it "easy" too many to Using my RD skills!
Excited to hit up the Book Thing and the Book Bank this weekend! Time to stock up the read-aloud library!
Feeling rejuvenated. Thanks
Early Saturday morning rising to finish my catalog photobook for emerging designer contest.
A good friend knows all your best stories, a best friend has lived them With you
Real Talk!
unveiling one of my halloween costumes this weekend
I hate it when girls think way to much of themselves.
hell yeah
“: Wow! Sen. Enzi on Senate Floor: discusses his amendment to index gas tax with inflation, calls it "a minimal step" #transit wow
Local ATL artists and theatre buffs,please go see "A Song For Coretta" @ The Company Acting Studio Theatre Midtown, Opens Feb 3!
Hold up..NBA rejects the Chris Paul trade!? WHAAT! I forgot they OWN the Hornets..
I love reading Luna quotes, and then saying them in a dreamy Luna voice.
if u cant stand me haveing friends that are guys then u have trust issues
Do you think Neymar is going to be a better player than Messi?
is the recipe for the pumpkin spice marshmallows forthcoming? They sound *amazing*! :)
I can do ANYTHING! Except fold a fitted sheet, I'll never be able to do that.
Good luck to my cousin Holmes Laughon and his Lacrosse Team tonight
RT Looking forward to a full day of #Papervision3D goodness by the masters themselves
Congratulations on the hiring of as your new #CFO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
As of now I don't give 2 fucks
Brushing my teeth now. I wouldn't be able sleep if I didn't.
She talking about a relationship time too go
you're in the wrong species...happens, we are human
RT All levels must be involved in social media, from CEO to intern. How you react is your brand, not your logo
Are you white-fanging me?
Well asked Jeff!
your face is perfect.. It's not fair :p
so who wants to see some work from CSNW & Big KRIT this Summer???
Amazing day at aksarben & downtown today ! <3 rehersal at 630 & then cassy's spending the night!
I know right!!!
Blah sad episode of
RT still learning how to use Twitter. Thank you! Had so much fun there!!!!
I just read your post about your kiddo's hearing odyssey and I am so sorry. I hope you get your answers.
Thought process is focused on building solutions and systems, rather than just new servers.
well done.
Presumptive to claim it now, but it'll become clear where Madison's Hardest Trivia happens. The onslaught starts tonight 9pm
Sexy people go to the gym thanksgiving morning. Week 4 Mommy Bootcamp. See you girls 8AM tomorrow!
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% how I respond to it.
Well, I was going to try Instagram since the Android version is out but now they're a Facebook feature. Too bad.
Don't thing so
Naturally they put the TV right in front of me on WSOP, when Im DVRing to watch when I get home.
#ThingsMyExSaidBeforeWeBrokeUp "You're beautiful, and cute, and funny, and pretty, and I love you."
"Liberal" style of course.
ATTN: all unsigned singers,dancers,rappers join our #Team send an email if you're TALENTED "WE GOT WORK!"
I think Andrew Luck will probably win but I'll be cheering 4 Kellen Moore RT who's your preseason Heisman pick this year
Happy Mothers day doll enjoy your day!!! <U+263A>
Giants fans are happy that the Pats held on!
: I never moved ms lol
are in Orlando at the Fun in the Sun line dance workshop for the weekend.
I Love The Reawakening Show
Long time no tweet eh?
I doubt if Fort Knox will ever have a "Road work complete" sign.
wait 1 question u look so stupid to:
Also, I may have been made cynical by my experience trying to get on World of Warcraft when the 1st 2 expansions came out
We call it like we see it ; )
Boo! RT Today is Bowdler's Day. 'Bowdlerize' means to remove parts of a text considered offensive, vulgar or otherwise unseemly.
hey boo boo
Found Lebanese Taverna Cafe in Annapolis! So pleased!
I will forward the email.
android sucks!
Oh please don't show the former downfall of the Pacers right when we're rising again! #ForUsPacerFans #Please?
...Hello, Des Moines.
you have no idea roll tide. I am about to put my bans jersey on and pop in kari jobe cd in
#Goodmorning! Another day another dollar.... So rise & Grind people!
im so tired. I just want to go to sleep
Glad you liked it! :) RT: That Banana Harvest granola bar by Sunbelt I just ate, um, gave me new life!!!!!
3 super hot .Net Developer roles in South Jersey. 3 different clients, which means 3 different interviews. #asp.net #SQL #…http://
Filming an NBC Summer Olympics promo today. Currently watching someone steam a Canadian flag.
I try to look like a grown woman but it doesn't work“: just accepted it.I see you looking 21 on ya Skype profile pic”
ha don't worry, youll be just as famous ;)
WHAT IS THE MOST BIZARE COMMERCIAL YOU GUYS HAV EVER DONE?
Dude, do you have any teeth?
I am too. cause now I want some. LMFAO
Mercury Falls with Melissa! #amazing <3
she's 18. Legal and barely dressed.Seriously her ass is hanging out of that tiny skirt Her mom is out there taking pics w/ her
thank you!
1k years in the future they'll study the 2000's "why did they call them smartphones?"... i think because they thought it made them smarter
Love twitter! Not alone, even when alone!
Happy Mothers Day to the one that stepped up! #ILoveYouStepMommy Thank u So Much...
Checking at to give their swanky new shared workspaces a try!
I've used in place of EVOO MT : #GZtips Grapeseed Oil is one of the lighter, more neutral oils. It works well as a finishing agent...
Or dirty pants. Hahahaha
RT Dave and buster hopefully.. sound fun I may try to make that happen too
If it's a yellow line track problem, where are the blue line trains at the pentagon!?
they are missing out on the fun lol
and their song 'up all night' is my ring tone.
Work got me tired as hell, but the grind never stops.
This lineup for Indy was equivalent to Vogel pointing to his balls.
Rise and Shine, back to the grind, July on my mind.
New Theory: The disks they throw in Tron are actually the extra AOL CDs that were never used.<------ lol!!
Did my mom just call me queen frostine?
Send DeAndre home!!!
You guys are so fucking frustrating!!
bro nobody wants to play for money lol were is derrick?
The sounds of Keane to send me off for the night :)
any time!
#artsummit Last lunch at World Summit means a lot to me, happy anniversary my love!
#Manning got a gleam in his eye when talking about Demariyus Thomas. Hasn't had a WR with that potential in some time
Apparently #ourtime should be the #Sportingkc logo
Are you trying to be ironic?
Go to mall! or go for a walk or run or see some fam & friends or bring me so LUNCH :) lol
Love getting lost in my own dreams.
Just got my google voice invite.
HOAS "Meet & Greet" - such a big team on board! Almost compares to the massiveness that was the Ring!
Can't feel the pain, like NOVACANE <U+2665>
I've got a Texas upset over Cincy in my bracket, so I'm with you on this one.
My girl's twitter notiffs on my phone <
Boo. Shame on Fox for considering Sean Payton
People are strange.. So am I so
I hadn't! Hilarious though!
and also, I'm pretty far north and this is one of the first days I've worn shorts this year.
no that easy! why i think it shouldn't be allowed to be available in public libraries....
- Everything Larry Merchant says is crazy !
Thanks for the RTs, much appreciated!
have seen anywhere from 10-40% on avg Clicks > Sessions, many variables as to why, bad tagging, bounces, bad trafficking, etc
Driving thru the transformers set. Lame.
ANYTHING I can do to help YOU and FIGHT the cancer fight my brother!!!! :)
so great to see Meg from today at Doggie Dash. Way cool...
it's pamn like comb
I REALLY LIKE you :) heheheh even though you don't have twitter to read this XD
Ew. Im already all sweaty. Thanks to my mom for not wanting to give me a ride -.- love you!
- We've got it easy! Think of the poor bastards at the show who can only watch 1 at a time! :D
2-4 inches of snow today? Really? Oh the joys of living in the snow belt.
thank you. Expectations & players responded
#TellMeWhy their are bullies in schools I'm tired of it I was bullied but I stood up for my self but Ik kids who can't so
How confused do you think the MLB guys are when they see their names in these tweets?
ightttttt I got chu. I probably won't see her till later but ill let her know then about the both of ya :)
Well that is a bummer :-(
That is #creepin #creepy :)
Uh... RT : RT :UpToDate has wonderful info for pts--I use it constantly!
In the learning track at Eo GLC w/ Great facilitator and leader. Love EO.
thx for the shout out, hope all is well, keep up the good work
Fantastic! RT : My #fridayreads are Barry Hannah's LONG, LAST, HAPPY & Robbe-Grillet's WHY I LOVE BARTHES. Both are hilarious.
Great Packer win tonight.
Celebrating my birthday at Cirque du Soleil- Iris!
I follow who retweeted that. But you have no reason to believe me.
then move to Portland and be my boyfriend
Back To The Future<U+2665>.
#STAYSTRONG I KNOW ITS HARD (AHH.. I LOVE YOU)
hate when your super excited for something and everything goes wrong.
Crud. Gonna write this day off. Missed my bus by a few seconds and the whole day's thrown. Back to sleep!
Beautiful look! You look amazing!
#c21nonhuman this collection seems to have the same bad sound as Tim Morton's--a double-echo + distortion.
Yeah. Putting all that personal info on there is crazy. If they're really your friends they should already have that info!
Yum. Nothing like having a classically trained chef in the kitchen. The menu at Barrel 44 is so tasty, you have to keep coming back.
shit got weird this morning. I got a ride to my car in an ice truck and an hour and a half late to work.
I want a kiss...
When did catching up on my TV feel like a chore?
Someone should make a twitter account for Robert DeNiro's mole, and the first post should be: You lookin' at me?
Don't commit to NOT going. Commit to getting past the anxiety & then plan a trip to celebrate your success!
Lakers getting absolutely run out of the gym
"Red, yellow honey, sassafras and moonshine..." Laura Nyro at last in R&R Hall of Fame! (Thx )
working on an insane east v west coast hip hop battle w/ Hot97 and Power106 during SXSW. Would love to send you more info!
Grrrr!!!!! I can't figure out what to write for my language arts poem! This is really hard! :'(
My office is basically right next door on Broadway. Area is not that bad...
2011.08.15 #Brewers 3 #Dodgers 0 | Double plays abound / throw in a rare triple play / in defensive gem.
More a tip than a stipulation. Workshops often entail downloading software, sessions entail taking notes, etc. Real work.
Hahah yeah. Blinzler asked if we were gonna wear it to school like you did.
I retract my last tweet. I have no idea how I missed the Kipnis AB
I heart analogue parking meters!
more funk than fun....lots of mites and allergens!
bummer you couldn't make it man...
that blessed me today sir.
Elder Scrolls Online Faction Profile: Aldmeri Dominion During the second era, in a time before any previous Elder Scrolls game, th
The debts of poker players like Phil Ivey, David Benyamine, Erick Lindgren Full Tilt Poker and Groupe Bernard Tapie,
Do you know if the MINI Coopers will be coming out for a night this summer? We always look forward to it!
Major shout out to and for making Moviemaker Mag Top 10 best podcasts. Awesomesauce.
#Lehigh's first tournament win, and it's against 4-time national champion #Duke? Not bad.
Apparently chivalry isnt completely dead.
sorry, done.
The 7pm screening of "Sophomore" Friday is SOLD OUT. There will be a second screening Friday night at 10pm.
working at the dining room table today because my office is super cold.
Honestly just wanna thank for running those laps with me, even though she shouldn't have had to.
Extra veggies pleAse and thank you!
meet flook at your party?
"Know what you offer that warrants 1/8 of someone else's workday. If you dont know, don't bother asking to meet."
ight bra I will
Follow Friday and , cool colleagues in twitterland
A #Golfer called 1 of the caddies & asked, “I need a caddy who can count & keep the score..." Read this #Joke @ Http://ICUGolfStories.com
who cares if matt isnt playin great, never does in april. Atleast his wife is hot. Our teamwife lookability went up 98%
HoeLies #71: I went to college for an education.
Details. I'll be waiting for details :)
Day late and a dollar short, that was last night!?!?! :P jk. Np Good job, Keep up the good work.
All I want to do is read the new Alison Bechdel book and drink and pet cats. That's it.
one of the film's themes is greed so just in time for the holidays, haha.
RT : All these damn foreigners better start learning English right now so they can tell us how bad ass we are after we win
I sure could use a bladdy mary right about now!
no release date yet. But If I had to guess, I'd say before the end of February!
DID U GO TO THE PARTY?
Mechanically separated chicken FTW
I dnt use dis twitter as much go follow my otha one
Another fun day for ND football....
you were in China, right? Let's get together soon...would love to hear about it
#NP "Marvin's Room" #Drake on #Blast at the gym #sweating. :) show tonight at "secret lounge" 8pm. GM
yes! Love shellac! I was going to try the place goes to at Dimond and Jewel Lake...
Gosh you look so good...., I can't wait for this album I know you gon do a little minnie photoshoot for the album book
I feel like I'm playing "fashion model" because I'm dressing up my little cousin in different outfits and taking pics of her ! So cute. Lol
#ThingsIwantTheMost To Meet The Crew<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I shouldnt be an option, I should be a priority. I'm so tired of this.
Torturing with Canadian music from the 90s.
ha, you only have 30 days. I dont think either of you are going Christian Bale in the Machinist diet.
Anybody know what happening in the Bama vs. Tech game?
I'm worried! Cuz its not just him! I dont want my friends gettin hurt! :/
Ha... That's how I end up w/47 different versions of a file! #horribleclients "Can you change it back to 2 versions ago?"
Truth is always strange; stranger than fiction.
I apologize but idr if I ever found out your bday? Just wondering cause when you said end of April, it reminded me that mine's
It is not coincidence that Blue + Gold = Green. Luck is always on #mubb 's side! Happy St. Patty's day
POTUS is here and the freeway is on lockdown!
I don't care what you had for lunch.
After last night's insanity I'm beyond stoked for tonight's game!!! Go Cards
omg be over here NOW!! lol
That which offends the ear will not easily gain admission to the mind. -Quintilian
Even non-Nevada residents can use the laws of Nevada to improve their estate plans.
Er, that link goes to a page of camera/ photography tips and info.
I saved Latin. What did you ever do?
Much love right back....wait what do I be knowing???
Happy Holidays from the Judy's Book Team!
daily buts all in Gods plans not ours just brings us closer to paradise
#Dollywood in the morning!! Cant wait! Danika's 1st time! She is so excited! :)
True Fact RT : Election year FACT: No team has ever lost the NFC championship and gone on to win the Super Bowl
In the UK, 16% of all crime reported is domestic violence. 77% of the victims are women.
So many Dominicans in one household. Kill me.
Wow, that was kind of a rant... Guess I'm upset about something... Tho its not the Bitch in Apt 23s fault... I'm in
it's national kiss day.. where's my kiss?
Found a real serene place to play tennis in Singapore. Definitely gonna do it more often.
chilling when you going back to ruston
EP drops at midnight. Get stoked. We have a few surprises in there for you.
Readers reflect on the season of gratitude We are thankful - especially this year - for family. First, for our adorable, immensely bright
What will the hashtag be for ACRL 2013 Conference? Do you know yet? I don't see it in your Twitter feed.
Life is like a box of chocolates - full of nuts, but an occasional cherry here/there....
Good intention is not good enough
2 weeks away from Ken-Ya Dance SoCal. So excited to be on stage again with
This show is so inspirational Ru!! Love every season :)
Just another reminder, my Twitter handle will be changing this week to "The Wine Key." More info to come! Cheers.
“: happy anniversary!!!! ” Thanks man, are you coming in tomm?
Young and the restless too right? HahaRT : Is it odd that I look forward to #basketballwives &amp; #mobwives on a weekly basis
Congratulations on the great news!! What a life your child will experience. All the best to you and yours!
Omfg. How could I forget those embarrassing moments..I'M SO CRAZY UNDER PRESSURE I SWEAR. And when I was talking to him, I was so
Its so hard to not buy one of everything during my shift
"When there is a lack of honor in government, the morals of the whole people are poisoned."
RE: Me Mixing Jazz - Thanks for the RT!
#boybyenotwiththem hub cap ass spinners!
Coloured my cat pink and the piano pink cause i'm God
MobilityWorks Expands to Twenty Locations in Twelve States with ...
Considering I was just in Louisiana last weekend, I'm not proud to have bought andouille at Sun Fresh today.
The angels sang a whiskey lullaby
Saw the Movie " Inception" lately and loved it. It's story is kinda in between the "Matrix" and "The 13th Floor".
#GirlsJustWantTo have fun
It's totally true. You can't be the "baptist in the wilderness" on twitter you have to speak TO someone!
Going to make a pernil (Puerto Rican roast pork) tomorrow. Marinating overnight!
The camera adds ten pounds. And it looks like you've eaten about 5 cameras.
what's a gag reflex?
Can't wait for Raunchy Love Letters reading on V-day Bring your own love letter or poem to read. Candy n condoms provided.
love Maxwell, D'Angelo
"I've never met anyone dying who is an atheist". Quote from Marge of Albuquerque 'Basket of Hope' of her former job in hospice.
I'm high now
When are Australians gonna get this message "There are sharks the size of buses in your waters, and they eat people!"
": CONGRATS to for 6 noms for awards! , , , Brian Satterwhite"
Excellent TD drive by the #Patriots....Welker's arm was definitely past the goal line
let's get together and brainstorm!!
yea but still
well you're samara not the girl from The Grudge so try
I love talking research! I also like sharing info on educational requirements & body of knowledge
A4: My wife has encouraged me to pursue my business goals and she's been a constant source of inspiration for everything I do!
HA!! Just made it bro. Your right tho. Haha. Check you later man.
of course it is. ):
Something smells fishy?, oh no wait its just MN Fishing opener weekend. Good luck to anybody fishing, if you cant fish, go out or cook one.
I heard on the radio this morning about an iPhone app called "Mercury Retrograde." I thought of your rant a couple months ago!
Getting stock tips from a drunken cowboy.
Meet The Heirs And Heiresses To The World's Oldest Billionaires via
thank you for prayer request for & rest of team on their mission trip to Brazil
i wanna watch a movie but i need to finish my homework :(
yooo ya hot miss u bye hahha
Clothing Heath Bar now for iPhone! Tired of ratty clothes? Clothing heath bar goes down every time you wash! Game-ify laundry!
SWAP into something a little more comfortable! for FREE!
Boston vs. Philly in 2 sports on the same day in adjacent arenas........christ
Wow some ppl have no shame!
Having large group of dealers in today for lunch presentation and dinner later! Should be fun!
ohh. he doesn't have it today. nvmd. but is it boring?
I has no gunz.
do a show in paris over the summer of '09
If humidity stays like this, it just might be Afro Day tomorrow.
thank u
Damn I need to be in da mall,right now is da perfect time to be roastin folks!.
Rogers SportsNet, I bet... The other one I know of is The Sports Network.
Good morning everyone...hope everyone has a wonderful day! Gotta get ready for work.
Nice first half!
Omg I love and and and and more:)
You make excellent points.
Thanks for using the #indystage hashtag, Scot! I long for the day when ours is used by as many as use #philastage!
We've got 50 miles to go!
The question of the day is, "Luke who?"
Craving reading some fiction right about NOW!
three strikes and and im closing the book.
*In New York* "Oh crap Im going to be late for the important meeting! TAXI! *gets in taxi* "Oh thank go- "WELCOME TO THE CASH CAB!" "Crap."
New sun dress
So, if Fashion Star is here now, does that mean we're living in the future?... Haha
"Don't stop, thinking about tomorrow."
By the way, what's the name of your band. I'd like 2listen & follow. Also, have you found any good hashtags for musicians?
#newthanksgivingsongs Gizzard Of Oz
Oh did you win an auction? What'd you win? Glad you had fun at Cook Off!
ihateit wen a girl trying to get a boy who's obvs taken :/
..you are more than welcome. Visit the site, register and be a part of the community!
Yea, Wiz boney than a mf.... Damn ain't nobody stepped up to feed that nigga some home cooked meals?
Damn, and to think I was complaining when they did away with the $2 drop kick ales. =)
Sometimes, the typo is truer than the correct word. I hereby nominate "forgivemess" for inclusion in the dictionary.
Tonight in not my night, heading to bed soon. <3 y'all!
Lol, no doubt coach!
tonight karaoke with Squirell...sing a song and get a free drink
Taking notes from you my friend!“: Congrats Chad! He's 1 of best in biz! RT & promoted at UW
m.... gonna make pork fried rice on my griddle tonight. Just like hibachi, right?!
I'm not from the #northwest, origonally, but the #oregon #ducks are definitely a #fun team to #cheer for.
imagine all the people living life in peace #johnlennon <3
It's on! You better bring your Depends.
lol youre the only Miranda i actually know
FYI: only 6-9 more hours left in the day.
OR WE COULD REVERSE THE GENDERS!
Follow Me kerberos704
"Having a camera doesn't make you a photographer. Like knowing WMYB doesn't make you a directioner."
Up and em! Running my first 10k race this morning. Trying to get prepped for #halfmarathon in a few weeks!!
Woo hoo! I just shared this link w/ alums from my book publishing grad program. Would LOVE to hear more about Writter.ly sometime.
Help get to 18k followers today! They are the best source for country music info so give 'em a follow!! :)
Is assessment a part of your strategic plan?
I see a quiet Don Draper retaliation coming. Watch out Megan
i hope not cause we all kno they sexii
Working way too early this morning, but at least "Invaders from Mars" is on. Constantly checking the back of my neck.
There's some weird people on Facebook
O we take Trent/Alshon. D we take Upshaw/Ingram & Im happy. If not we trade down to get Barron/OL late in 1st & picks. Thoughts?
LUOL DENG IS BACK, LADIES & GENTLEMEN!!!
Need to win .
I kind of miss Roy wilkins
And I appreciate both of you. #swapappreciateforlove!
Dang #NYC thanks to you, I had to pull the winter coat out of storage!
The cleaned-up website is nearly ready for relaunch...
Don't forget to use #free directories for increased rankings. Google still gives value to legitimate directory placement and many are free.
Please H&M no more Beckham undie commercials. I'm trying to enjoy my wings w blue cheese.
Everyone should go an follow
Hola amigos de ICDS! 10 more days until the October 15th deadline to apply for Spring Semester 2012. We hope to hear from you soon!
it's hilarious! Now it's thundering! Lol
I like that
oh, absolutely! I am definitely a devotee of the go-big-or-go-home camp.
"kayak for everything"
Imma make your body blast off, torpedo.
Now "Ayy Ladies" by Travis Porter is on Usher Pandora Playlist.....WTF!!!!!
it works both was sweetie.
great game
Despite the clouds I may still do
Well I'm out and subs for my dawgs tomorrow
Hahahaha I did they came like 15 mins after you left
watching my dogs run away from the Roomba is pretty frickin' funny
Boriquas!!!! Love michael buffer!
You know that sounds deuchey, yes?
One of the best events in sports.
My Gophers passion got the best of me tonight. Fiercely loyal.
House basketball competition and pizza? Yes, please!
A$AP Rocky! Fuck wit it
Do you think the OKC Thunder can win the Western Conference?
very real…!
ru going to germany
I'm new to Twitter.. trying to figure it out.
i told her & she says AWWW MY KASEY! hahaha girls! and thanks for telling her happy birthday! it made her happy!
Win a Chicken McNugget from FOX6 and McDonald's! Just tell us the highlight of your weekend. Email with your answer.
Aww that's sweet :) DM me so we can exchange #'s although mine hasn't changed....
#10ThingsIShouldHaveSaid I need you..
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will-Vincent
really jealous that I can't go out with you and and
Progress Is like life...it happens whether we're ready or not! What kinds of progress and reform are you prepared for? W.edreform.com
looking fly with a pup. Ascot style!
great seeing you tonight!!hope all is going great for you-and hope next time I'll have more time to hang! xox
carson thank u 4 followin me i never thot u would dude but u did u just dont no how happy it mak me wenu followed me
is genius! Marvel need to find the perfect character to get him in the MCU.
tell mr l I'm taking a test
hey guys. <3
If you were the AD at Arkansas would you fire Bobby Petrino?
nope, sorry I'm listening
DRESS AND TIGHTS DRESS AND TIGHTS AND I AM A HAPPY SPRING BEBE.
“:Piling shit on one sheet pan so you can't use the shelf above it on the speed rack #kitchenpetpeeves” oh this one fires me up! Lol
Love the issue that your working on and so active with. Where are you working now?
(delayed response, sorry) same location, different rooms, adjacent, so leaving one room means walking into the next
#Giants got this win comin up.... Lets get em!!!
lmao :-/ RT : Christina Milian's busy with work?! What is she doing?!?
With my BFF <3
i dont hate them
“: The best of friends don't let you do stupid things... alone. #truth”
is trying to get UStream going for the show tonight. Haha! If u know how to UStream, for the link go to his twitter!
Mila kunis has a stalker. That's it! No more meg episodes! It just got serious~
Or pray for your downfall RT #WelcometotheDMV where people get excited to watch you fail
what kind of tequila will you be drinking tomorrow?
women like ushers ex are really sorry excuses for Women..they really feel entitled to every cuz of marriage its sick
LifeSmarts team captain says competition was 'frightening': By SARAH HITE Members of the Dallas High School LifeSmarts team hold thei...
Now at 0730 Flo is ready to go outside. Kimi has been ready for an hour or more. Watch out birds, nere they come!
Finished the 1st book of Game of Thrones. Can't wait to start the second!
Love it!
Available tomorrow on Beatport: Angel Alanis-Funky Fresh! Remixes by George Centeno and Special Efx
#ThingsIHate when people come to my job asking me if I can open the gate after I closed.
thanks again for your help! I'm in a store!
RT : RT : 3 strikes rule. Per after 3 responses and someone wants to keep complaining, then take it...
Easier, just told people to follow you on twitter... lol
FCA Banquet with and !!
Send a pic so we can cry of happiness
I sometimes use mine as a foot rest. *hangs head in shame*
all except the last 1 yea damn near...but fuck it
I am feeling something I have never felt before. . . I just wish I could tell you how I really feel :\ <333
What? You love the
The game today >>>
OH GOD. NO.
There Ducks. Was that so hard? Good answer to a little adversity, UO back in control of the Civil War, 14-7.
Gotta keep believing if you wanna know for sure
DamnItsTrue-When a girl says "whatever", she really means: "I hope you get shot, fall off a bridge, and then get eaten by a shark!"
Please don't smile cause I c dark yellow smdh
You are most welcome & I wish you #MuchSuccess as well. Happy Sunday!
The last thing I RT'd made me laugh out loud for real, thanks to
Diversity is not about how we differ. Diversity is about embracing one another's uniqueness -Ola Joseph
Listening to Mindless Behavior early this morning. Yea I like Mindless Behavior. They make me feel so nostalgic.
HappyBirthDay wish you enjoy it<U+2665><U+263A>
Hello New York!
I had a great birthday. Thanks everyone!
Stop playing hard to get.
would like to thank James Brown, Jarvis Cocker, Cyndi Lauper, Madonna, Prince, Sheila E and Turbo and Ozone for teaching her how to dance.
OH! LMFAO! That just makes it 10x funnier though...
Like the Celtics are any better.
this is better than watching the cavs and the nba
"You're a nut, You're crazy in the coconut." Must write my music history final paper on The Avalanches, Since I Left You.
Congratulations to the on 20 years! Thank you for your service and dedication!
This is really flippin great. I didn't expect a beautiful day that just begun already ruined.
40% American adults accessing internet through mobile phones
Can i support you shoe habits? The Question is, "Can you support my money habits?" Lol
True story!
I currently live outside of Denver. How about you?
I Do I Does I Am !
Morning ppl <3
Lol of course his best friend would text me RIGHT after he does.
where's a good spot to watch the championship game tonight?
Yes! And too #uppers ": anyone else feel as if #nerdland is the new saturday morning cartoons? #mustseetv"
How come we live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police?
Working on a travel logo, trying to find the right color.
“: I don't care if it's 4AM, I don't consider it tomorrow until i wake up.”
Wow - that's awesome! Congratulations!
Good stuff - I also don't like to talk in "marketing speak" but sometimes I have to remember who pays me :)
we're also on android!
I love planning weekend getaways with my boyfriend :) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Why are things called infographics now? What? Were all previous graphics devoid of information?
does it really matter when you became a fan? To me, what matters is sticking through to the end
The whole world loves American movies, blue jeans, jazz and rock and roll. -Billy Joel
I'm so hungry it hurts. Holy crap. Too lazy to get up yet tho.
So far, so good ! The concierge was so helpful and she was very knowledgable about the local #jazz scene!
You can't influence an influencer unless you are an influencer. #prsms It's not a matter of pitching, it's being a part of it.
let's get it! Monday - it was packed this week by like, 7:10 btw. So much fun.
YES we so DO :)
Don’t forget your Right Hand next Wed 4.24 for Admin Professional's Day. Treat them to the amazing meal that they deserve
Sometimes I feel like im addicted to sex then other times I feel like its over-rated.........
Did you know that approximately 98% of all cases never go to trial? If civil litigation is what you are looking for, call us: 619.338.9500.
I am f'ing awesome. FYI. RT : hahaha nice F drop...thank you internet radio.
Wait on beat
it's always funny when some site posts "rare photos" online. so now there are 1,000,000,000 copies?
I dont want no Baby Mama, i want a Mother of OUR Children !
Please give me a warning...please give me a warning...
YMESYDT. You Miss Every Shot You Dont Take. That's my motto.
Im tired goin to bed night (:
not to worry, we had Dig handling all the phone lines....
- We provide your Hair & MakeUp & Wardrobe! All you bring is a thong, black mascara and false eyelashes! We do the rest!
guy was cursing out bwood, girl threw drink at him, he tried to attack her, entire senior class rushed him, cops threw him out
u play much?
Harry Styles' mum says Harry calls home at least five times every day when he's on the road
When people reply with one word answers<<<<<
TDJakes lost control of his church today to the Holy Spirit. Just finished. Sometimes God wants you at His place and time.
Your funny af I swear
lmao smh RT If a chick don't let u bust on her back/stomach/ass...she not the one
what is the point of having access to hathitrust digital library with fruitless "limited (search-only)" access?
Pretty. And pretty creepy at the same time. Make sure there are no congressmen lurking about...
In the waiting room at the doctors. The Newsweek here is from 2005. What's going on with Karl Rove you ask? Well let me tell you....
He has inside jokes with complete strangers
Stella just met her first humming bird
A person who has never made a mistake has never done anything.
I miss you so much! #MerryChristmas baby! :-*
The new product from Silly Bandz, the Silly Slapz Slap Watch is now on Twitter. Follow !
SPANKING NEW LASHMAN POSTER. Check it out at http://www.facebook.com/lashmanmovie and Retweet IT
Smile, its the second best thing you can do with your lips :)
Calling all followers! We are doing a survey to see what YOU want to see in our posts! More photos? Less daily history? Let us know!
I think I'm in love with Jayson Werth
The 1st goal by Arg. was given by the ref but the 2nd one was given by Mex :S
Focus 90% of your time on solutions and only 10% of your time on problems. ~Anthony D’Angelo
Alright pumpkin tits
that's why you were so upset on your bday, grad day, bday again, 4th of July, arbor day etc. when he didn't buy your food/ ...
Pray for London
I can't hardly wait! MT If Santorum bails, the next HuffPo livestream will be 3 hrs of me and on the Replacements.
asses that's cute
The great Cuban percussionist, Ignacio Berroa, with his quintet at Yoshis SF Monday Feb 1. A master of of all styles...con tremendo swing!
Taking my MIL on tour of Chicago chocolate shops today with Two chocolate junkies, coming through!
Found my oldest 78 yet today--Consejos of Sig. E. Franscisco on a 1901 Victor Monarch single-sided disc. At $1, cheap thrills!
6/12 8:35 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Teddy Smith
Of course, if anyone answers that last tweet, I won't be able to see it...
Now those are some hot peppers gosh Damm!!!
Glad to connect. Have a great day!
We are open! Happy Memorial Day, Everyone!
lol na I never did it before, not much of a parade person haha
hahaha where are you? ?
great three boys are even better. I would like to friend you on Facebook. My name is Ronald Williams on fb. Canton mi.
Thanks! No it was just a photoshoot I did a few years ago for an art school. :)
. To become a better writer read more. May sound counterintuitive to some, yet it really works.
in twisted spoke
watching the ball pippitty pop, thud and bounce away from her. hee Hee!
Lately it seems if you play online even 10+ hours a week it's bound to. Who let the donks out? who, who, who?
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid you made a weird face when seeing the future
Of all the lessons I've learned from #TheWarriors, knowing 2 never trust a woman THAT eager to get u back to her place is prob most valuable
Make Up For Ever my favorite foundation as now. Fits true to my color
I love being with my husband in the 18 wheeler but I hate truck stops! They all look alike and they charge 10 times to much for everything.
Barring any technical difficulties, BUS for Trayvon Leaves at 6p, from Giant Supermarket on 33rd (near YMCA in Waverly)!
#WeWontWork if you're clingy! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
subway sounds so good right now.
RT if gonna watch E! for mindless behavior special countdown tmrw
Yiasas, are there a lot of twitter users in Athens? What is the social media scene like? Is Greece 5 years behind online media?
Springfield's #IPC will be hosting a Homeschool Basketball Tournament from 3/15 and 3/21, all day.
Happy Holidays and Happy New Year from all of us at the Celtic Quest!
RT : Guess we're not going to ask Natalie Portman about that piece of trash she made with Kutcher. /// lmfao
I never see you. -___-
If you haven't heard, I will be changing my #Twitter #handle to "The Wine Key" tomorrow! New business = matching twitter :)
If #Trayvon deserved to die so did I
My lust for streamlined workflows finally meets my obsession with helpful podcasts. Video peeps should check out www.workflowjunkies.com
I will b producing a variety/circus/Hawaiian-ish/Elvis Inspired show, a nod to Cirque du Soleil Fall '13. Stay tuned...:-)
Thank you LORD CrownCase! I was just crossing a busy street, iPhone flew out of my pocket than I accidentally kicked it & it didnt crack!
like lou rawls
Got some bad news everyone. I didn't win the Mega Millions...
Reflecting on some bizarre musical dreams these past two nights. Only bizarre b/c I didn't know my subcons. even knew that much.
Proverbs 28:26 He that trusteth in his own heart is a fool: but whoso walketh wisely, he shall be delivered(KJV)...Trust in the Lord.
Something is not right if it's warmer in upstate New York than it is in Los Angeles right now.
its a sign! haha :)
lol I'm sorry. I'll see you tomorrow tho : )
Cheaper than coke or meth!
John Hadley USVP - I recommend the #vc job to everyone, (riff on ? About working-out during the biz day), very funny
I need coffee. Time to make that happen.
working on that cheek control
Am testing the "Robitussin'll fix ya right up" theory. Yuck.
Studying for my cataloging final exam will be so much more awesome now that I have a beer...I know it's 1pm, but it's 5 o'clock somewhere.
Watch out #NYC RT : One week until #MCC2012. Look out , I come fully armed with
Awesome! Yours is same an Angelina Jolie, that's awesomeness!
RT : "there are two kinds of ppl in this life: the ppl who lift and the ppl who lean" -Ella Wilcox
hahaha I was never playing. Lol have you been sending everybody your number?
Kush clouds lets float
The girl sitting next to me on the train is singing never say never :/
Really we draft a guy named smelley?!
I wish the Redwings didn't have so many good players
Just 9 more days, sfjjfsjf ugh hurry up. I miss
That you're too pretty? Oh my bad Aliyah. Come to mi casa to play <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Last scene, last day of the season. #Law and Order SVU
Defend less, see more.
So done with everything right now. Can't remember any lines for the stupid play, have a stupid paper to do and just I'm ready for summer
Life is like a disco no matter how the music changes you just keep on dancing. ~Jump the Broom movie
Justin bieber - "30 second sexual encounter" ??!! How is that even possible? What.a.loser.
#20thingsaboutme i have an irrational dream of living inside msg.
Thank you! 'Energizing Indiana' helps you save on energy costs - WSBT-TV
FINS IN TOTAL CONTROL!!! JU up 20-4 with 8 min remaining!!!
<24 hours=too eager 24-48 hours=has potential >48 hours=high maintenance. it's a proven scientific formula.
hi niall ?? how are you ?? notice me really i love you !!6
Why put OJ @ point, just because he did in the Soph game. Stupid don't change something that isn't broken.
You mean, besides wine itself?
while I am at it: & are all gorgeous too.
Q: Do you have a celeb doppelganger - who is it?!
A tornado just tore through the Dallas, TX area. The immediate images are wild.
Nick to Jeanne "hey mom do you want a shot?"
Okay someone help me put this bed back together PLEASE
Dude! Where did he come from? I'm a real fan today. Mad hustle points....
NASCAR needs a hot Asian women's league.
sorry just saw this....went to a house party then mad rose u?
Welcome to the family Nick Perry.
Saw that you were interested in #hungrychildren. You should follow and our efforts to fight
Stand-By Alert !! Experimental Shorts -- Saturday
FYI, the spelt cookies will be made in separate kitchen with separate equipment. gf kitchen will remain intact and uncontaminated.
I think I'm going to unfollow my sister
Thanks so much !
Foreign film store. LOL.
Don't forget to turn in to at wtnrradio.com at 2 today to listen to me talk about writing and play the oboe!
So Brays is scared of Devils not bears.
I'm really sorry.
I love the "I'm eating a cookie right now" I have a video of my niece talking,pausing, then say "I eating a brownie!" <U+E412>
Gettin head while I'm readin, Call that facebook.
Hahaha I know you're not. I'm just joking. shfbsd I don't want to do the FLVS but they're going to kick me out if I don't. x(
Romney proposing 20% tax cut for all. To advocate for the idea, he took his a few years early.
Your girlfriend shouldn't cheer when you just double faulted.
Eighties cover bands are classic, good stuff
Affirmative! RT : is Ryan Smith a Ginger? This small fact will sway my vote for Day 5...
RT : How did #Marketo increase lead form conversions by 4x? They set up shop at the B2B Marketing "Water Cooler"...
hi sorry I got your Tweet late.....I'm fine how are you?!
Just squatted, lunged, and sprinted the sh*t outta my legs. This will feel awesome tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
:) imy how's the army life?
You make me smile<3
I'll let you know what I choose! :D Which one do you really want to learn next? Portuguese? :)
indeed! lucky to be working with them...
I HATE BEING SICK!!!
Were playing at a skating rink tomorrow in Arab, AL! Mosh-n-skate all night long! Alabama, get there!
N & R Crime Watch. Best detectives in the neighborhood.
I loved your question, just shows how much the #arts are tied into
Hamilton back ino Rangers' lineup
Accent lighting is where the fun is to be had,it is the accent lighting that creates the interest,focus and contrast within the room
another labor day: school starts tomorrow!
so my ex just re-activated his facebook.. nice.
Green is wat? good... Compost is cool!
Working on my social media policies research project and enjoying my favorite cafe vanilla at CBTL. Does life get any better?
lol just like ur tv ad :)
Ladies I love you but I need some testosterone on stage immediately!
Now there's the hard-hearted Princess I know and love. <3 But srsly, we'll see how NYC goes!
Just finished filming a short film and commercial! I deserve a 5 minute nap!
Malibu is beautiful this time of day w the sun setting...wish were all here to experience this. Love to all on this glorious day
can someone just kill me now
Little motions can make big movements
Would you rather be right or be happy? Would you rather win or be in love? Don<U+FFFD>t think about how to forgive, think about how to love
thank you so very much for being you and such a dear friend xoxo
Sports is whats gone make my money
imma give u a childish gambino
HIMYM is on in a few minutes...Woo Hoo!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 77
Welcome to my life, 2 little sisters!
Some team in blue and some team in white.
Goals have been reached and new goals are now set
She is so fake don't ask me for Nothn k thank u
how are you?
*yawn* April fools day huh ? Smh
Incentive importance for content makers: 1) interesting/aspirational brief 2) brand/idea 3) cash/prizes
WOO you're swinging hard today.
#YEE I got nominated for homecoming:))
youth isnt over yet
#1DFacts THEY ARE GAY IDIOTS!!! But that's why we love them :*
Bop. Night kids!
no, nothing like that!
Woohoo! is coming to dinner tonight.
RT : Mike interviews Douglas Leone, Sequoia Capital managing partner. Long view. #TCDisrupt @ DISRUPT SF11...
first year without my mom R.W.G. on this day Happy Mothers Day to all hard working moms out there....everyday is Mothers Day to you
we are doing greatt(: how are you doing??
VERY special thanks to #RIT and the Computer Science House for your continued support of It wouldn't be possible without you!
naw it's not. Its the flagship store right next to corporate. But anyways you still got your bike bro?
assistant junior intern chief?
Itd be nice if my white shorts weren't see through
We have crickets living in our Don Powell Theatre? They are cricketing away as I type.
covering #Virginia #Maryland? You're moving on up in the world.
We're going to pick a game later this season to sell out. We can get at least one more in. Probably around mid-season.
Author John Trimbur ("The Call to Write") will speak @ 9:30AM session on teaching/theorizing language as a local practice
yeahh...can't come soon enough lol, we don't finish until June
..safe travel: )
Im glad my wife is going 4 R.N nurse cna is hardwork R.N. is all good. Im going 2 support my Wife & help her 2 be a R.N.
Breast Cancer Walk :)
I fully understand gut check revulsion to SBC but I'm want to wait and see because I want a Mercury movie that's awesome
I heard voting lines are busy, and even abc's website is taking forever to load! Ugh.
What she needs then is a brain, a heart and a testimonial that she is smart to be with you.... You're off to see the Wizard...
I am not scared of lion, tiger & bears but I am scared of loving you
I'm back! What's the Planzo?
gets my vote.
#LAK12 was an interesting conference, but today's summit was the icing on the cake.
I do it over on FB from time to time, too. You never know when it might happen....
Thx for the video posts. Fun piece, right?!
Money grows on the tree of persistence.
I just shot an unauthorized self portrait
"'you’re so hot', i whispered as i took my plate of food out of the microwave"
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #startups because...I wanted too
aw i know babes
have free good ones! Boo
“: haha.... I would say so, and I'm sure u'd agree #letsbereal” touché Bellamy, I think it's due.
I mean seriously! Jeez people poppin them out left and right!
gotta go, boarding time. Good night... Hug the pups.
Duke knocks down the 3.
reflecting on sniper's life and death. remembering the time with a newborn in arms, but guns at the grocery. expecting more from humanity.
now u making me feel bad:-( How could I not know its chaz I was rushing crazy
Some people should eat makeup so they can be pretty on the inside...
Been at work since 5:30 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
really awesome job this week! Your heroic work did not go unnoticed... Many thanks!
Bwahahahaha! Yes I am :P. You sir are hilarious! Hope your day is going well!
is this you Lore you look beautiful
Woah Mexico City! #noconfioenunamujer reminds me of
Make it so! :) RT : we need to "lift as we climb" and support other women! via
Someone come over and clean my room for me please.
Yay.. I get to spend my last day of school babysitting instead of going to the movies... :'(
#np Danny Brown Guitar Solo
change the thesis, then
Play is CNUV MEGA RUNNER COMING
That is crazy!
Is anybody planning on being at the Sundance Producer's Labs next week? Let me know so we can catch a drink and chit chat.
MT : If having a bad day, remember that today in '76 Ron Wayne sold 10% stake in Apple for $800. Now worth $58,065,210,000.
Do u really love me? Or was it a lie
my credit union is getting that soon.
14th Final Four appearance! #rockchalk #FINAL4 - LET'S WIN THIS THING!!
Election Day is less than 6 months away! Change can only come with your support!
La Gitana brought out the tabla of torture out again tonight in class - sounds really good when you're in compas, but really bad otherwise.
Is it Friday night yet??
My bad! Figured he'd be hitting the bathrooms by now.
YouTube video coming today and I gotta lot to say about new Benoit flick
At cyc with anna, paige and hope.
What happened?
Always thought if I owned a bar I would open Thaxgivg night, do geek trivia and do a weekly Rock Paper Scissors tournament. almost done
thank you Amber!
@ Maceos throwing down with Baretta and the Rollexband! Fun hit. Then it's home to work on some songs I'm producing with
AP: Marine Corps to discharge sergeant for Facebook postings criticizing Pres. Obama
Im so grateful for healthy groceries!
Bill Clinton and Ron Burkle... What a match made in heaven.
Can't sleep
Sleep well! Will let you know tomorrow whether I got the hook up or not!
Happy to have your follows. Following you back:
just took me back!
Thanks for the support!
#Brooklyn winery, followed by brewery? Yes, please.
One day when you retweet me I will cry and will die happy. I love you #mothermonster #monsterforlife #muah (:
Courage is what it takes 2 stand up & speak; courage is also what it takes 2 sit down & listen. ~ Winston Churchill
Thanks in no small part to the beers you import! Appreciate the shoutout, and can't wait to see you at BV again!
This week we are at three locations and maybe four! So #followus and find out what's next!!!
Death is the road to awe
how are you?
gotta make up our mind. oh us play play play all the same old games and we wait wait wait for the end to change....
He looks so grown up here:)
No #PMA, but I am going to watch Johnny Cougar in BG Saturday.
hahaha, pj incident but also err can't remember the author
#NeverTellAGirl shes ugly or point out her flaws
im talking about the Mayday march by the labor unions, which was intercepted by Black Bloc and dozens of cops.
Twice I've had to show irate patrons the program they want isn't here because THEY didn't read the announcement carefully.
what's good, did you get my text ?
been a busy but great weekend here :-)
So the new 30 for 30 series is gonna have a movie about Bo Jackson. I can't wait to watch it. Some of the better sports docs ever.
Don't hold nothing back..... If uu got something to say then juss say it !!
im liking it,get hines in next head&shoulders commercial!
I definitely will! :)
Watching avengers lol !
RT : If you think invasive sonograms for pregnant women are great but TSA pat-downs are treasonous, get your Rand Paul 2016 signs...
if you're a soon to be college student and Penn State offers you a "full ride", be sure and read the details.
Probably worried about Kobe... ": Steve Blake: "Once it left my hand I knew it was a little bit to the right." #WideRight"
Your call...fair? RT : what do I win when he loses?
How's Your cousin doing, Bro? INSHALLAH, Sab theek ho jayega. How's Gurgaon, and Delhi? Hope You are having a good time! :)
it was suppose to be a surprise..
WISHING AND HOPING MY DREAMS COME TRUE TODAY PLZ FOLLOW ME SELENA I LUV YUR MY IDOL 4 LIFE (: <3 6
Why did I schedule my dentist appointment for 7:30 this morning again?
I guess it's Friday. Kind of feels like Monday.
maybe kissmas bash
A pair of Jeans that fit just right...and the radio up!
I live life for Good Weed , Good Days , Good Nights N Good Head !!!!!
This dude is the truth ya'll!
Texting my Bestfriend and some more folks , hmu ?(:
Wake up and smell the coffee! Did you know that 1 cup of java(yes the kind with caffiene a day is good for the heart! Yay to Moderation!
Visit www.protectinfantsnow.org and help us stop infant meningococcal meningitis. Please Sign our petition while there.
Its about time wku turned it on.
#Bubba wins the Masters on "The" Master's Sunday!
#raw10 U r Ghetto: if your Lawn Chair is n Old Couch. Same couch your people took of u as a baby laying naked on a stolen Holiday Inn Towel
I've only waited 15 years for this poster. If they are gone b4 I get to the front of line... Well let's pray they aren't.
Thanks, better follow me bc Im following you lol
every one go follow for amazing tweets! They're amazing!!! <3
Could you, would you live in Maine?
not sure. We'll tell you if we find out.
Ahh if I don't win at uno I will be angry
Life is what you make it thinking Good thoughts and talking to God helps
I wanna get some Dre. beats tho.. Anyone wanna buy em for me? before I go and spend my hard earned money on em.
Boo! I'm back to NYC tomorrow. Next time we make a plan AND I get to meet sweet Gemma.
"ugh soo much to tweet.. But I cant" #madhooprobs addicted to twitter
Where can I read it now? It looks fantastic!
glad you finally made it to 's atr!
wish u were on d cruise
Good to hear from you! Looking forward to your posts
iight bro I'm ready
Josh Turner, Love and Theft, Trace Adkins and Keith Urban at the #countrygirlsheaven !
Just ate some peanut m&m's
money was not CREATED to make u happy. It was created to allow u to sustain life so u could FIND what makes u happy
My big Brah just KILLED it at the Irvine Improv. My stomach hurts!
Of course it is, are unemployed, home is the only place they can make jokes.
Tights Spot Kisses!
he didn't do it, but he was hit in the face with a lifegaurding tube and the metal cut his lip
lol packing light is a difficult skill to learn. :)
:) right. would u send ur kids 2 pub schl if u knew they werent good, just 2 send them 2 pub schools?
Funny opening montage at NBC.
Awesome, #Ochocinco with a TD, I knew with Branch out he'd get time, but what a great play!
Hi There! Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to hearing more from you.
congrats to you, investor of the year-- and thanks for being a believer!
U will emerge a stronger warrior
“ She works hard for the money! >>>> RT Just did 13 1/2 hrs n gotta wake up in 6 hrs n do it again #Damn” lol
Beat me to it :( RT : I'm not saying I'm in a #Lottofrenzy but I'm THIS close to buying Soulja Boy's plane
Three days until Pittsburgh and a much needed vacation.
go home?do you think people live round the corner from the airport? Sort out your call system. Never heard of pre-planning??
Loan or permanent move?
I gotta write 4 blurbs on mtn biking today for Table Mtn Writeshop job, and sew a banjara belt and start a pendant. Ready, set, GO!!!!
What an incredible weekend Ready for more!
“Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hey r u & Triple H still friends? I mean after that wrestlemania match with The Undertaker.
Kurosawa's Shakespeare epic "Throne of Blood" is screening at the tonight at 7. On 35mm! Dig it.
Thanks to , , , and for welcoming me to my new position at UCF. CenterNet signup #1 on my agenda!
listening to I Break Horses and M83 all week in preparation for the concert this weekend!
Come through Pal's today, and you might just catch this Sunday's version of Pal's Idol. Starring CJ Hyder & Matt Neal.
why, thank you! :D
Sometimes needs should motivate us to pray. Think of Hannah wanting a son in 1 Sam 1 & giving thanks in 1 sam 2
i did just cry watching #teenwolf because I thought #stiles was gunna die.
I've forgotten more than you'll ever know...
Re: UCD #protest "With gr8 sadness I watched the events of last Nov, but my concern is about concrete steps moving 4ward." ~ Senator Wolk
Thanks so much for RT!
it can be your post-orals celebration book while you contemplate the diss
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
That scene played out between you today as adults is great stuff. In context of Greg's blog, I suspect crimes were committed.
Happy #internationalwomensday! Cheers to all the ladies out there making a difference and shaking things up!
Shout-out to he ain't crazy ladies.
Mine is 1. Barkley 2. Bray 3. Wilson. I really don't understand how you have Barkley 3rd
I'm in talks to get a gallery started up!! I need to focus on the future
Cab driver and I are listening to the
I don't think I could be happier with what the did! Instant pass rush
Someone better put that Tool S. Bayless on suicide watch!
Thanks Brown girls! You guys rock! Awesome volunteers :) too
Anyone wanna just.. escape? I do. looking forward to next weekend.
LOL!!!!! I can see you doing there!!! I've done that before. There's a tall, pale, handsome guy that lives around here...
what it smell like
I Am What I Am is still TT number 1 <3
is competing nowadays w/ self-publishers more than Amazon as publisher...
prob just a fatty lypoma...some dogs getem wen they get older. Just hadda get one taken offa my buddy...usually nt serious
interesting i'll check it out RT : The location is very nice -
Sorry I missed it. Never heard of those lunches before. Will track.
i am now following
When is the best time to tell someone you love them? Answer: Before someone else does.
"Get on your knees..." Oh, so now Johnny thinks he's Jack Swagger now, too?
elephants weigh too much, like do you think elephants want to be fat or skinny or are they all big boned or do they have a goadualler proble
Will record it. How do find the energy to be the voice of District 3 24/7?
And more eye-pleasing visuals and CGI? Good lord the show is visually stunning. I MUST own the BD.
Plastic Chopsticks w Case Black KS6B - Best Price Chopsticks for- chopsticks case
Common sense in Washington? What a novel concept!
Tonight! Have to catch the rerun of Shameless! So peeved I whiffed on the season premiere last night.
Wow these past 2 days I've literally only got like 10 hours of sleep. Thank god my summer starts today
Ryan! What's up stranger? How are you?
#10FactsAboutMe I'm really lazy <U+E056>
I jealously guard my 5am to 9pm S-S schedule as well.
Watching Sec. Arne Duncan on Colbert. I support the Ed reform and say it's long overdue.
Recording the new album could begin this summer!
Steelers released ? Better drown my sorrows in espresso.
You're absolutely right about Stephen A., he's one of the biggest ass kissers in the media...with his rat looking ass!!!
Today epitomizes the reality that the media doesn't understand anything about #RonPaul and deliberately chooses not to learn
Follow Back !
you are welcome anytime! Bri posted it on her fb wall. She and I are only #crc ers.
"Matt's flirting with Kyle" "No I'm not!!" "Hes having a bromance" "no it's not!"
the only game that rewards people for sucking dick
good call
Can't believe that I can't find #Blossom tv series on DVD at the stores!!
aww your mom must be proud to have such a great daughter like you (: <U+2665>
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
On the bus to nh w/ He is reading his hebrew prayer bk while i read my bk abt rise of ancient christianity.
Kiss Kiss Bang Bang | 80's Alternative Music, Movies, Games & More | 21+ | No Cover | Happening TONIGHT | 9PM - 1AM |
i actually really did LOL right there.
are you going to the Google event tonight? Mebbe catch you there?
Sending many prayers and wishing you a speedy recovery much love Patrice!
with ya
Twitter updates iPhone, Android apps with search and notification improvements
RT : Great idea! Thank you for the tweet. I just don't know what idea you mean.
oh hey best friend guess i missed you today...
I'm building a Hug Wall launching later this week...in case you have any photos of great hugs you want to share!
Annoying that I can't curse online cause my bro will snitch
On this date: In 1012, Theophylact, son of Gregory, Count of Tusculum, became Pope Benedict VI, succeeding Pope Sergius IV.
I was wondering about this as well. I'm thinking that Seiko will have to tighten up the spec.'s for the 4R35.
ok good :) I might really need it if people show up aha
You should break the tension by serving up a bucket of BL Nums on ice to both Karl & the kids. Maybe some Loco Ds for apps.
Define good? ;) It will be all in good fun. Is that good?
Potter getting kicked was kinda funny. Lol
Watch out for those DMV people, troublemakers, everyone of them.
In my small world, I consider that hubbub :)
Rot in hell mofo!
i know, im excited b-rad!
Where is my Pretty Girl I'm missin my link. :(
I liked it! it was oddly sort of slow. also well-done.
Want to advertise in our "Summer Camp" issue? Now is the time! Deadline for all ads is March 10th! Contact:
RT : The Yellow Leaf Cupcakes now at "Bedlam" at 2nd and Bell. Excellent new shop, amazing espresso!!!
i love nice people<U+263A>
You could lose your faith in music or lose faith in your friends, you could lose your faith in breathing.... But don't lose your faith i ...
RT: Im a full fledge killer Bitttcchheess!!!! P.S I love baby Jesus lol really
someone, somewhere, puts my name into the system with an 'o' instead of an 'a' -> months later, i am charged $200 for immunzn noncompliance
smkoke wit today
great thought!
I am playful as fuck right now.
crowd was great in section 9. Seemed real loud overall, don't think they wanted to see another loss
On CBA. Nichols says identify critical issues for our schools. Make changes, don't promote one agenda.
The study also showed not much diff btwn a/c on and windows up, and a/c off with windows down.
just can't help it , are destroying my life ?! -.-
Agree! Tweet of night RT : I don't mean to be a jerk, but I think Aoki might have a better command of the language than Gamel.
I assure you, it's safe for our office. ;) Thanks for the link, listening now!
Time for Digging Through Documents Word by Word with Debra Mieszala
Elway: Need to be better when people spread us out.
You know how I do!
O hell no!:o
blaaaaahhh! Dang it! We waited outside the grog shop till 12:45 haha. We got front row though and I sat on the stage hahah
Thanks to Automattic, the people behind WordPress.com, #THATCamp Bay Area will be held at their space on Pier 38, SF. Oct 9-10.
Pickup Line: If you and I were Squirrels, I'd store my nuts in your hole
I will be djaying tonight at the Union in westport with for our monthly night. See you there
just pray they avoid Poe like the plague.
hell ya
no it. Comes. On in. The morning
you don't even know...
friend me on facebook childofgod169 at gmail !! thanks
thanks for RT- hope you are great
Loving the people who want Weeks benched for a while. He has a .211 BABIP and is one of the best players on the team. You don't win w/o him.
is that #12 at Whispering Springs?
oh i promise you i will
I didn't understand, what would happen, how much this one moment, would change the World. I was only 5, I dont remember much.
what's scary about the neighborhood is that I didn't even think to ask?...lol!!
Its principal affect on insulin is driving fatstorage, that increases risks of over 70 different modern western diseases
In my younger days.
is love is to meet two people talking?!!!!! If so, I reject it!
ALL THE GIRLS STANDING IN THE LINE FOR THE BATHROOM --Abraham Lincoln
Why do we love when love seems to hate us?
Has a full 6-pack, but lacks the plastic thingy to hold it all together.
love it. I might have to join you in making some. Though, then could will still label them Zuni? :)
What would a Martian say, looking at our planet argue about allowing accessible books to cross borders
MAHONE IS A BEAST
SUPER EXCITED FOR HOMECOMING TOMORROW!!!!!!! :D
if u do another conference (West Coast?), I'd love to share perspective I've gained from an edu doc I'm filmming.
Friends, Adrian Peterson, star running back of the NFL's Minnesota Vikings, just tweeted and Facebook posted about !
this city is the cradle of the modern riot
I find it funny when yo ex b tryin they hardest 2 jeff wid chu,
you're so pretty! i wish i could be as pretty as you!
We can tell which team has some poise.
I'm so tired and I hate when its cold in the mornings!
u dont like to b alone
:" Hm there’s a lot but I got to go with Rounder’s Soundtrack." -Phil D’Auteuil:
Hope Everyone Has a Great Day......
hahahah he asked me too I walked out right after you
The bosu ball and kettle bells are my friends. Really, they are but secretly, I'm not theirs. Worked out
Seattle in two days. I've never been so excited to go someplace that's 25 degrees cooler.
hey "girlfriend" hahahah--yah Good thing you cleared it up with John
Stupid SUPER GLUE thank goodness for lol life saver haha!
Activated new SB6121 modem & get 22.27 & 4.11 Mbps. Upload is faster, but down is slower than old SB4100. Is that right?
The chipmunks movie is playing on repeat. This may be my last day alive
If I lay perfectly still in my bed the murderer in my house won't kill me.
Since Lil Wanye decided to push back the release of The Carter IV, he came out with a new mixtape, Sorry 4 The Wait.
Just a reminder to rate the tracks by clicking the "thumbs up/down" on your player... that helps us decide on playlists! :)
sure, but I'm only in the morning plenary, no room left in the afternoon workshops :(
My passion for Justice and Civil Rights have been fired up by the media to come through with this NAACP thang comin
Aaargh. Program review. That is all.
Yes I am! What is your all time favorite place around Milwaukee?!
my little ones! :)
; "I'm just sayinn' you could do better .. Tell me have you heard that lately."
Sorry!!! Call me back!
my song to my crush Perfect Two by Auburn
We were so honored to be nominated. Thank you. Super excited for The Hub.
This shit is crazy. Terrorists in Chicago nshit.
Whats more romantic than a four course dinner with wine & sake pairings?! Let Chef Justin Carlisle pamper you with deliciousness tonight!
Please Stop Giving A Faq.
RT: : "A balanced diet is... a glass of #wine in each hand!"
Word of the day: Ennui. Also: Pollen.
Lets see, what else? Wicked, Guys & Dolls, Wizard of Oz, Little Mermaid, Annie, .... Hairspray, Little Shop of Horrors
No more battery backed cache, flashback write cache across whole line.
ok I'll trust ya :-)
"Cabin In The Woods" was the most entertaining movie I've seen in years. *Years*.
I didn't go very far, & it went so-so...the snow is to deep for my snow tires
What a long day !relaxing now
"remember when" we were little and we always fight over the front seat..well I'm still smaller than u. I own this seat homie(:
Today in <than 140: "Everything was fine w/ our system until the power grid was shut off by dickless here."
cookbook signing today at 3:30 till 5:00. Holiday cheer included!
is a really nice place!
just yourself. We got eggs, just need bacon
Two hats were hanging on a hat rack in the hallway. One hat said to the other: 'You stay here; I'll go on a head.'
PREACH. “: Too much to buy & not enough money!! :((”
Long day, but I have made it. Less than 24 hours from now, I'll be done with my first year of college.
likes men
Cic tonight baby
www.createspace.com is where I started. Basically free to self publish if you know how to format/do some graphic artistry.
clearly you don't spend enough time listening to underground stuff. that's pure garbage.
very welcome!!
The Dispatch station on pandora radio.
We have a nice selection of Tokyo Milk fragrances in! Check out Dead Sexy and Let them Eat Cake. Super yum!
yea um I don't have any cowboy boots. Levi jeans and plaid shirt yes. Lol.
Harden would look really good in pinstripes right now. After cc who do they have?
omg dude they look new wtf xD I thought you meant like beat up shoes with holes and stuff lol
Celebrity sighting! Just got done seeing The Hunger Games & spotted winning her own hunger game in an Italian restaurant :)
I'm exhausted! P90X kicked my butt last night! But I'm done 6 pounds in 4 days!
My tweet was poking fun at a recent brouhaha in tech in which it was contended that alcohol led to a "culture of exclusion"...
Oh boy, the is Tweeting. I share your affection for the valley.
I hear almost as many languages spoken here at as I did at the Pretty cool.
it already aired, lol.
Best not to waste brain power trying to logic out stupid.
we have been without power in our neighborhood for an hour and a half.
Karma karma karma. ;)
"NGen leaders need to bring forward bold, creative, and contagious solutions. "Ai-jen Poo, Amex NGen Leadership Awardee.
HAD A GREAT TIME @ MY VALENTINES PARTY TODAY!! HOPE EVERYONE HAD A GREAT DAY! HAPPY VALENTINES DAY
Jesus could be a judge on that show and it would still be a steaming pile
Finals start next week, Any tips to reduce student test anxiety.
O A BIG SUNDAY DINNER LOLL
Why did you grease up your pit bull...
Please Incorporate Some New #Charity Options & Develop An #iPad App!! Please & Thank You!! Signed, A Satisfied Customer!
Thanks, Rosanna! Next time you all have lunch crumble some cookie for the homie that couldn't be there.
It feels awkward being off on a Saturday. A good kind of awkward, though.
I wonder what hes think hm
It's my birthday(2/23) and thanks for all the wonderful and amazing and fantastic wishes!
Set yourself apart from everybody else.
*So You Think You Can Skate :) competition at Hotel Del
Can you handle it?
Let's go #Orioles :)
Hey everyone don't forget this Thurs. the game starts at 730! Stop in from 330-6 for HAPPY HOUR and also LATE NIGHT from 9-close!
Accurate communication is the most critical for leaders.
Did you get a new Twitter? :o
name and school!
Keynote with on Does tech improve learning?
Democrat Tom Barrett's spokesman says new jobs numbers touted by Gov. Walker are attempt to "mask his economic failure."
making homemade coke for bed-ridden - hit with a double whammy of strep and flu
great playlist this AM!
Thinking of cancelling my MPR membership. This Rock the Garden announcement is dragging. And i don't like the bands.
do you remember when we saw that stupid slut and my sister playing volleyball in the backyard?
What was your favorite between the Shrimp Crêpe Florentine and Quiche Florentine?
Back in the US! great vacation
My dad just called forever 21 ; under 21...... LOL.
gotta check it out
editing=done(:
watch out or he's going to suspend your retired butt again
I dont sell
“: I like you because you make me smile.”
Thanks for the RT (about the health benefits of walking breaks)
watching Mexico's Next Top Model drinking hot chocolate (: With my bff <3
I lovee u!
Well, they DO get pretty hot models. My BFF is one for
Waiting on possible snow
<U+2665>•*""*•.¸¸.•*""*•<U+2665>I'm not popular, but I have nice friends. I'm not rich, but I have what I need. I may not be liked, but I know I'm loved.<U+2665>
if a trip happens, do let me know.
Brainstorming new white paper ideas. In the builder tech world, what do you want to learn more about?
My siblings-a-like cousins
Flight disabled on Tarmac. Probably will miss our connecting. See...I'm not supposed to leave! :-)
I don't hate you but i don't think we need to start dating right away either
#REALBIZ I was the same way, had that hightop fade tho lol.
So true, So true.
BB&B or Home Depot? What, do you live in the suburbs or something? :)
gone to see !!
Anybody play MW3 on ps3??????
I want a digiorno pizza !
4 weeks of school left.
waRm miLk. Well....maybe not.
Nutrient dense foods allow you to eat less food and thrive instead of just survive. But yeah, email me. Have a good night!
*mark YOUR cal. my enthusiasm was faster than my typing skills.
Lookin' good for our coyotes!! RT : Let's finish this
We all have that moment when we act dramatic to a song.
I can smell the kugel already (well, in my mind). Looking forward to real family dinner tonight! See you soon
it was their money to begin with, not yours. Don't forget that.
I love peanut butter and bananas!
"Is that mold growing in the fridge?" "No it's probably flowers."
SHUT THE FRONT DOOR.... NO WAY
Mr. Corey is completely clueless on everything
ridin' shotgun with Amanda Bynes, bitch I'm not tryin' to get a DUI.
Sounds perfect! We might be watching #Safe. I need to wash off some laziness first:-)
I am incredibly humbled by God to do what I do for a living. To reach students for Christ is such a honor & God chose me to do it.
but bbc ontology is focused on finished programs -- or are there other rdf onts for provenance, full tech md, etc to mash in?
Getting ready to learn and grow! Yeah!!!!
Alex, I just got to work and I had an email from you. Or from your doubleganger who works in London.
Seth Meyers has a famous lair?
I'd rather it mooned us.
THAT is ridiculous!
The link doesn't work for "LGBT Rights Do Not End at Our Border" by Peter Yao..
THANK YOU . I Love You Now Lmaoo . Album Is Great :D .
So is justin beiber trying to be like snoop dogg or maroon 5 go his new boyfriend song?
This is the last Fri of 2011. Make it count by resolving to live healthier in 2012. Start now! Join me in FLP! Healthy aloe vera products!
im ready to go home now...
teared up seeing and hug at the #2012StateoftheUnion - how I love #DC!!
Great. Just let me know!
Yeah, after I tweeted I read the comments and was pretty sure it was a hoax. Still sad, though.
If my store has your "must haves" I'll buy!
Hey - thanks for the
YES! & Towels, shampoo that smelled like all of their colognes. Bahahahaha..oh my! <3
Man City knock Man united out of the premiership.. brighton is super pissed and crying
I am so sick of this weather, cold, rain. Is it going to snow tomorrow? I hope not:)
thanks for texting me back! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
S.L.A.P Support Local Artist Please!
I think sometimes it is more important to be gracious than to win. Dorothy Kilgallen
oh I definitely agree! Since I moved here I've wondered what Honolulu would look like through and Andersonian lens.
Stampp Corbin: Did manchester buy UT because of the land, not to run a newspaper
Woke up to the Emu Attack theme in my head! Thanks, !
Hey #acrl2011! Ready for day 2? I am hoping to place Nancy Pearl Action Figures in good homes. Booth 1019!
you look great tonight:) happy Valentines day I love you
let me love you
Would you like to hear what others are saying about my Bible study? I always wonder if RT comments is a brag. What do you say? Be honest!
I'm watchin a movie I'll be over after at like 1 okay?
Harsh doesn't follow me.
Wait. but I felt so bad for in algebra today.
In addition to Pillow Pets, each of the 7,000 #SuperBaskets of Hope will also include a Bible. Baskets packed so far: 4,112
Russ and I will lure you over to the dark side . . .
I Dont Gotta Pay To Get In Cuz Im PERFORMeN??
I really do want a closer relationship with my mother
I never lived down losing that stuffed clown.
Had a blast last night ! Great seeing you sexy ladies
Gotta love it, didn't realize you were such a hockey fan tho! I grew up playing + used to volunteer coaching PattersonPark Stars
Learn everything you need to know about choosing an artist's representative - New article just posted - bit.ly/dMIC0m
tks I have skyped a couple of times always looking to improve : )
consumer trends often start in urban centers
that's a good one D! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Censorship/moderation is a slippery slope, but I'm sure you're aware the online world of published information works differently
Great event! Stop by the NAWBO table
Are USA Network and Universal the same thing?
Being naturally skinny >> I can eat whatever I want
Congrats & on #1DMakingBillboardHistory So proud of you guys!! :)
ala Rex Ryan! F the jets.
Can't wait until tommorrow at the Rio for the Las Vegas Women''s Expo 10-5 first 500 women get a goodie bag, and many more freebies too
Where are ya'll watching the big game this Sunday? There's the Beer Bowl at my fave or 's Hot Wing Eating Contest..
Got to go to sleep see ya tomorrow
"passion is over-rated" <----------- worst quote ever
If someone asks you something just walk away.
Thinking about planting some roses. Not sure if I can keep them alive.
Anytime, Sir ;) I want so bad
And bring on all the pretenders, one day we will be remembered -
oh #Thunderbird, I don't want to respond to this email either, but you can't keep "closing unexpectedly" if you want to move on
just got home from skoo
Ur awesome Cappie!!!! A beast on the court and hot as hell...#Powerful Combo!
Lookin fwd to seeing this RT : S/O For Putting Out A Epic Ass Video Today
thanks for believing in me Bro RT : is next to go to the Draft
Packers all day.RT : Take Your Pick: vs
NASCAR analysts<<<
in literature right?
heyy im not going too be able too watch yuhr usrteam im going too the fair sad but can yue recored it and put it on youtube:)
Thanks for the RT!
my tix for the concert JUST came in the mail... i opened it. then i screamed...
You tried for years? So that means you can murder babies in their cribs now (numerous times!!). Stop terrorism or die. your choice
and then that same woman's daughter died, and the son-in-law accused her again.
Ah, shit. WMYB on Glee tonight.
Sorry, not today - but I'll come and visit soon!
haha gee I wonder why....
hahaha have you ever heard of weatherstar?
Full of organic tempeh and burger king condiments. Tomorrow will be interesting.
Congrats Scott! Gonna get a masters in photoshop with a concentration in alcoholism?
Yes! Tweet tweet :)
What would be the mahomies without
nice choice!!
People don't care what you know until they know you care.
I don't even need unlimited texting anymore cause I don't have anyone special that makes texting them worth it.
great set last night at the blue note. Keep the rock alive
Me too! RT Being a #derbychick is hard work! I'm gonna feel these bruises tomorrow!
Woke up with a pounding headache. My cup just had all kinda liquor in it. But I sho was feeling good lol.
#Vodka posted a 5.9% increase in volume, 3.9% for bourbon & #whiskey, 3.2% for #Tequila and #Rum volume slid 0.7% in 2011according to DISCUS
T-Shirt, ... I need one
This 7Up cake is soo yummy
agreed! I'll never forget the first time I heard White Blank Page 2 years ago? Hmm how convenient <U+E105>
Hey, I want to see more pictures of the food you're about to eat.
judging so hardcore right now.
Knuck if you buck!
Proposal to do a "Yelp" for DH projects.
Four #Seattle #restaurants I've eaten at in three days... Gotta love my job!
that is a good one.
All that really matters is that you're a Yankee Fan!!
Was dat a mouse trap? Or did something really just bite breanns clit into 5 pieces! 5 pieces of key lime pie! 9 raisins n a pair of sneakers
RT : Want to see someone amazing? Go look in the mirror! :)
The shit that goes through my head <<<<<
thanks!! - you win for my favorite tote of #neocon11. And thanks for all the wonderful advice you gave us. So sweet of you!
For no clearly discernible reason, #iTunes on my #iPad sometimes decides to just start playing music even when the cover is closed.
Finally out of work
RT : Employees make the best dates*
Happy Birthday Ma!!
To quote the ghost: "Boo". New ghost stories coming from the Daily Beyond in 2012.
. shouts out as one model of new ecosystem in NJ.
Will Ferrell is easily the funniest actor out there ..nw #BladesofGlory ahah
Do both. Different audiences. RT : Question for #bxb11 is Twitter or FB better for getting news out there?
Our hosting provider had a quick blip about 30 minutes ago that took us offline for about 60 seconds. We're up and running fine.
yeahh. I'll change it back eventually <U+E402>
Two moms win a $3.5M lawsuit vs Nutella for falsely saying it's "healthy." Hm. Snickers are still healthy though right?
Yeah, I did. Didn't you?
O man, this is the best thing I've heard all day RT R. Kelly's "Trapped In A Closet" Is Coming Back With New Parts
Devil horns and angel wing, hella fly.
aww I think that one is adorable!
Actions speak louder than words, so sometimes you just have to believe what you see & forget what you hear.
We are now on of 20 US printers in the printable Tyvek program. Recycle your used Tyvek thru a program with Waste Mgt. call 888-881-2454
"he invited me to the derby" "like a demolition derby?" love my friends<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
not going to get every one of those...even if it was a charge.
Great starting pitching both games. But offense needs to get moving. ASAP
nicknames i have ascribed to people in my apt. complex: wrinklehead, crazy eye, circle puke.
dude, my heart is breaking for your fans right about now
There seems to be some perverse human characteristic that likes to make easy things difficult. Warren Buffet, quoted in Morningstar.com
Thirteen years old, walking to catch a bus to school in Silver City, and a man pulled up in a minivan and tried to grab him by the hood.
Pretty sunrise on the Esplanade.
Health Tips: ask your doctor for natural alternatives to pharmaceuticals! They exist for many and have fewer and/or more mild side effects
Next to Blow Open Mic tonight at free before 9 with featured artist , come vibrate higher RT.
I HOPE <3 RT : will da ICONic Boyz ever do a Meet and Greet In Chicago???
"every important yes requires 100 nos"
Its 66 degrees in March, who's heading to the beach?!
Me too! What time are you going?
What's the statute of limitations on being banned from a Qdoba?
"For neither will live while the other survives."
Every night before I go to sleep I contemplate my life and hope that when I wake I'll be given a second chance just like Judge Joe Brown.
Had a wonderful cardio workout. I'll be cycling from now on. Totally inspired by
The worst driver here is better than the best driver in Illinois.
Check it out Street Money by Paul Borges, on ReverbNation! Electctronica music for Cleveland Ohio. Wow, Dude!
these tweets are what make the best parody on twitter
there are No more Good Times
I could go for a light, cold glass of Moscato..
yeah I tried several of those as well. :-P
Tonight @ Ski Shores in Austin, 6-9pm. Duo w/ Kullen Fuchs on trumpet & accordion. Lake, food, drinks & music - y'all come on out!!
Shout out Josh Hamilton.
Whoo whoo! No more braces :B
you knew that already though
This is the worst class ever
likewise! hope you have a great Friday and weekend!
Incoming #BigWest member San Diego State down 33-29 to NC State at half in their NCAA 2nd-round game.
REALLY STARTING TO FEEL FILTHY W ALL THESE HIPSTERS IN MY PERSONAL SPACE
then its big Ray!
He did;however he altered it to where he has a nipple attachment for releasing bodily fluids,and the option of singing better
Just for that, crossing OAK off my list. And, you know, I've made 9 more playoff starts than your entire rotation combined.
I will check .. i am sure I have some colleagues on it.
Flattered to be a featured artist at Portraits by Carolyn Foster's holiday party tonight!
I had a great relaxing time as always Alan and the staff are the best.
facebook page to follow
Convention attendees: remember to bring a coat and tie. See you in Orlando!
Have I ever even used ESPN3?
bahahaha! Now THAT'S a good one and resembles a lot of my nights!
Why does he feel the need to talk to all the students and give this speech with the parents present..you are wasting my time
GOODNIGHT Mikey^_^
Congrats! Just talked about u to folks here in Sweden. Let me know if you're interested in doing a tour here soon.
Send us your trivia questionsRT Sent you a flash question. Do you need beer-related ones too? I can write more but not today.
In search of a good tatt artist
NBC can't get over the case with the Bengals cheerleader and her student. I'm already over it. I'm not over the VERMIN in the LAUSD !!
lol yeah right
19 days till the Wisconsin recall election
: Will do and thanks… Dunno about all that though… just following others and sharing what I've learned...
Please report! (Going to have to deal with that issue here before too long....)
Missing ARE YOU MY MOTHER? after finishing it, even as it's still talking to me in my head.
thanks for the RT john!
Fight with all your heart and you will succeed.
Brunch at Milestone 229 in downtown Columbus is excellent. There is even an entire menu devoted to Bloody Marys!
How am I supposed to learn when 98% of my class won't shut up?!
y u say et
“: Just followed a lot of people on instagram. Send me instagram names” <==== Follow me dude, the name is josh_no_drakebell!
I don't control the birds.
And thanks for making me super nervous about tomorrow night.
About to see prescreening of 21 jump street with how hard am I going to laugh?
I can make it nasty
Don't wake him...or if she nods off. ;^)
At el toro .. Mexican food so flame
awesome glad to hear :D
ofcourse! got to help spread the word about good health!
Watching 8 mile <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
no ): oh atleast ill see him in June . I'll just wait. Lol
oh dear…
dam i couldnt get that rt?.
Lets get our followers up to 500!!! How quickly can we do it?!
Text us at 559 824 8530 and tell us what you think about someone who is convicted of human trafficking and gets 3 months in jail
will teddy do anything for the pack in free agency, or wait for the draft like every other year?
Health Tips: Ask your doctor to test for Vitamin D deficiency!
Thanks from Clarity Legal
Not bad man, keep grinding. Follow me back!
Only halfway through this amf and in already super tipsy. FML!!
I'm good just hating on the rain.
Weds always seems to sneak up on me. Then I get my hopes up for Fri, but then Sat & Sun disappear on me. It's too much for my system!
NEW TENACIOUS D ALBUM :')
...give me my WilliamsonCo any day over the #HickoryHollowMall experience I just had at the new #OpryMills! SERIOUSLY?! Police. Gangs. Hood.
thats better! see that wasnt hard
"Claire De Lune" If yal sleeping on this, YAL BETTER WAKE UP!!!
I extend my deepest gratitude for your words THANK YOU RT : for an Actor, Education and education. Patience.
Wise guy! RT : why did you break our meter?
-- Check me out I am on hole new level i am so hot I snow ski buck naked
Weeks is DH'ing.
it makes me smile wen i get tweets from you! dont feel bad (= i miss you guys so much<3 tell every1 i say hi! love you guys<3
I had a boot camp class this morning! Complete with Push-Ups, squats, sprints, lunges......just glad we did not have to do Pull Ups! :) xoxo
Lunch today between 2nd and 3rd street on Walnut.
Awesome... RT : I just saw a double rainbow <U+E44C><U+E44C>
Lol, don't know bout ,
It's been a long day!
Just saw my 1st Elvis impersonator. Shocked it took this long.
Sad trombone ... #Rays lose
Project runway and chipotttttle <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
The stars are so bright this am..
if only we tithed more, we could get you an XBox and you could add some Halo and Modern Warfare 3 to the mix.
Back to the Brooklyn Bridge... where it all started. Prayers
nope just think andy should know the truth haha. Ill give ya lessons for free tho.
falling asleep waiting for that one person to text you back <
I'm a little bit jaded by a lot of what I see.
About to work in the Yo for a little bit get the concept & equipment right
J'adore ça! I was about to give myself a quicki-mani but of the glitterati persuasion.
Go to sleep lol
Davis Butts opens the scoring. up 1-0 with 10:41 to go in the first quarter.
So many accidents when it rains..people in AZ don't know what do with themselves when it rains lol
Thats true hah :p ill google it and if all else fails ill just write "i love you" on the first line hahahah
where are you?
Poptarts are so good
Cru De Gra is coming up, don't miss out! We've got a real treat for this city. Wednesday June 16 @ Club 101, 6:30.
Speaker was saying we should try to build our own social networks / crowds so we can understand them / resulting data
all the fans are waiting patiently
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it. - Sir Winston Churchill
its an honor to directly answer the ? of the citizens
Yo ! Boarding a MDW to FLL flight & loving your new #737-800 plane! How new r they & how many of them r there?
Face book
It was pretty good
You have a great weekend too! It's almost here, so bring it on!
Thanks to all who supported kids in art, music and sports in 2011... still 43 minutes left to give in 2011. www.baldfacedtruth.org
Work them long nights to get a pay day
Make sure to respond to @ mentions, thank RTs, etc.
- "'I hate you' echoed from the silent white hallways..." Where is that from? Sounds like a great lede haha
the American rep theatre has a summer acting program with Russian teachers in Boston. It's a good course.
Thanks for the tremendous show of support! We all appreciate you.
Today marks 6 months til Paralympic games begin in #London (2 weeks after closing ceremony of olympics)
When you realize you've made a mistake, make amends immediately. I'm sorry
Not bad. I'll look more into it. Thanks!
Stupid twitter got hacked last week :( very aggrivated
Thanks for the support! Where are you guys based out of?
SOMETHINGS ARE LEFT UNSAID
Cranberry flavor is in Fenway now, better go try some!
librarian friends- is there a name for a book that reads from both directions, front and back cover are both front covers if you flip it?
All those fairy tales are full of shit One more fucking love song, I'll be sick.
Bulls are better off with a 49 year old Michael than Rose
I am I'll message u about it when I know everything
Hanging tough.
So...this whole battle is not about allowing Marvin Gaye to preside over all weddings? Oh geez....this is awkward.
sounds fun
Hey, thanks for connecting. I used to have a friend in HS that had one of the original "Plum Crazy". Pretty fast ride.
fantastic!! Can't wait!
Mark your calendars - October 15th - Halloween Costume Dance Party - 21+ $5. - 815 V Street - Backbar
4/8/1789->D. Hinsdale:I am persuaded if the spirit of industry&patriotism should exert, we shall be able to furnish ourselves with fabrick
Good lord YES. I almost wore out my mute button last year w/all Barkley's blather re: so-called "Big Least."
Only 2 days left of principal photography (besides 1 pickup day) and they are going to be the most challenging yet!
He's gorgeous! I hope you're able to soothe him back to normal soon.
For once I follow the rules, I show up 20 minutes early for my doctor appt...20 minutes after my appt time & still waiting.
What’s for dinner? How about a spicy Ahi Tuna Poke Martini followed by Coconut-Crusted Tilapia?
okay have fun at prom though
Thanks for uh uh Thanks for being you? Lol
Where are you going to #ThunderUp tonight?
sometimes it's healthy for the soul lol
I want to call him so bad. But,he is my ex.
the situation has been resolved M.. :)
Expect the lowest from the people you think the highest of.... Just think about it
looks fun.
how do you see things bring remedied?
Today's magic relationship word is LISTEN.
I'm going to be so much cooler this year.
thanks coach could you send me what you have so far really interested.
“: You should save the best part of yourself for the person who deserves you.” then find they don't, after the fact!
binladen was never listed on fbi's most wanted list for 9/11...fbi said that there isn't enough proof to suggest he was involved with 9/11
Broccoli: “I look like a tree.” Walnut: “I look like a brain. ” Mushroom: “I look like an umbrella.” Banana: “Dude?! Change the topic.”
Ps 143:8/J. Meyer: On You do I lean...I lift up my inner self to You...You are listening...You are speaking.
"leprechauns are imaginary" nialls are imaginary
"werent you in the army? Why dont you go back there?" And mr kheul "this is the biggest lunch table I've seen!"
I could seriously live off Cereal & Milk. <3
when u zoom in on it its pretty funny
It was 1972, and I was fifteen. A really nice and encouraging personal note.
Agreed! : Head over heels by rascal flatts is perfect for your voice!!!
I should fuckin be sleep!
How to make your iPhone crash: 1) Download hundreds of apps. 2) Wait until you have 83 updates available. 3) Press "Update All" in App Store
Much thanks for the recommendation, there are seats still available if anyone wishes to attend (I'm in DC area). www.GlennGary.com
Thanks for the follows from
already on set for 1000 ways to die and damn its cold out here. craftsservices aren't ready and i want coffee
Agreed. Conditions for political success so entrenched, feel its a dream to talk 'return' to an anti-finance, pro-poor ideology
In Europe and turning on pre moderation of blog comments for the week,:)
Yay glad I can help :)
Who's celebrating Day? I'm going all over town checking in til my cel batteries die. #BadgeBabe #virtualhug!...
(Fredrich Nietzsche) There are no facts, only interpretations.
Telesales Exec, Lincoln, Temp to Perm, immediate start available! If interested email CV to
Hey, Anderson!
Me either! Thanks a million! “: love the dress! Can't wait to see it!!”
Woah...Josh Hamilton.
: World famous!
exactly. Is 999 like our 911 in the US? Just wondering.
I find Tibetan cosmology overly complicated - but neither am I familiar with it.
lol! Yes! :) I'm gonna be watching it for like 2 hours! Hahaha
RT My wife and I love ! Enjoy!
Just got done watching it here in EST zone. Didn't see O'Brian/Lady Violet sapphic interlude coming! #spoiler alert
Great job tonight Krysta! Nice to meet you. #RaiseHerVoice Happy bday!
haha i guess we shall see
2 nights ago?
when do you graduate? What types of positions are you looking at? Let me know- I am a recruiter; here to help =)
Who is going to #Orioles #OpeningDay??
I have waited my entire life to find you just have something worth living for.
"But I love making believe!"
i guess they have to make something out of it. I look forward to seeing you and again : )
I've been craving some Dunkin Donuts lately. Gonna make my tummy happy & go for a munchkins run.
purple is for da flyest ;0)..missy u owe me and erica a date luv ya
If you're going to follow people, give us some idea of who u are or what u do in your twitter profile if you want a follow back.
I'm writing these letters on the wall to remind myself to get back up every time I fall
I miss George Lopez on nick at night
Was my all-time favorite book in 5th grade, too. So timeless, all the same shenanigans - secret clubs, girl stuff, boy crush
And now back to the completely boring, in which I proofread a sudocs exchange list for the rest of the day.
We're joining , , , John Behrens & in a Big Data session at
Did you know I can do pull-ups?
To everyone who gets to be outside today - take advantage of this gorgeous weather and say hi to the sun for me.
I did
Thanks so much Mike! #oneworldonefight!!
Kentucky is nothing like HeeHaw. Well, maybe a little.
Congratulations! (A little late in Twitter time)
nope I really like solitude and friends are overrated
we're too good.
Her coat looked like an Amish corset.
Well, hello NYC and all my other followers from across the world!!! :) Hope everyone has a fantastic day/night. Love
Trapped: that awkward feeling when I realize I'm ordering at a vegetarian cafe and all I want is bacon.
2nd interview at Angie's List next week! Pretty awesome!
slowly working but bout to pick up
At least im bein honest about that up front that not a few but a good amount of screws missing lol and I don't hav a filter at that lol
first impression of boss's kindle fire = heavy
that nose though omg
Congratulations! What is this degree exactly?
Keep Calm and Play Saxophone. Then listen to my CD 'After Hours', promise you that you won't be disappointed.
Only thing I look forward to during the Super Bowl is the marathon of Matlock reruns every other network is playing.
My eyes sting, hopefully i'll get some sleep tonight.
Life is like a finger, pointing to the Moon. If you look at the finger you will miss all the heavenly glory. - Bruce Lee
My Kia gets 30-35 miles to a gallon which I am GRATEFUL for! I would upgrade to a more fuel efficient car if a) had a job b) had money
Octomom is a freak. Gonna get foreclosed & kicked out of the house. She Should have taken the porno money $$
The Greatest Investment that anyone can invest in is "YOU".
yes I have. Looks like Tampa is about half way between Orlando and Estero.
datpiff is broke #taylorallderdice broke the internet
Yes, Buzz Williams just used the term "stove up".
Omni-Directional Outdoor Antenna, Dual Band Frequency 2.4 and ...
What happened to Goyte at ? Oh well...gonna try and stay up to catch Dre & Snoop..
I fuckin love my last name
you'd think this Zimmerman would just turn himself in with all the public pressure. Do the right thing, man.
LOVE the #Beatbox commercial! So funny!
with 3 acres you have room for thatcamp camping.
oh snap, lemme read it lol
A meowing cat catches no mice. ~Yiddish proverb
Brody said my name for the first time<3(:
Is she old. Mine is about 7 and for his disease, that's like 120
Nice! I know it's terribly "un-green," but I absolutely LOVE mine! Need to get one for the office as well. :)
Even all the santorums on stage aren't interested in what he's saying
OK, so why was that dude waiting for me to finish at the urinal with 2 unoccupied stalls available for his use?
great new products!
why the no fi-core people in your breakdown?
Booked my flight to see the July Space Shuttle launch!!!
I'm gon needyou to know u got a woman in 2012 I'm Dnepropetrovsk playing games
I'm going with Kobe, Reddick, Afflalo and Watson. RT : Gallery of what NBA Players Wear When They Arrive at the Arena:
Chill day. Don't even want to get ready
This is the Car of the Day. Because we said so. We take orders from no one in this venue. Masters of our Domain, we are:...
Getting ready to kick off at today's conference shoot
The society we live in would rather have negative doings than positive showings.SAD BUT TRUE
: I'll be watching! Go! Fight! Win! Cowboy! (sorry, used to be dance/cheer). 8)
Pictures of the Lego #LSP look pretty cool!
Hitting The Special Effects Button Don't Make You A Photographer
#dearmama ur the best mom ever I love u so much<3
Oh my gosh the memories!Both my elementary & grade school are in the audience @ "Paint the Town Red" by the Chicago Children's Choir
Flipping thru movies on Netflix and seen Joe Dirt. I automatically thought of #keeponkeepinon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Haha, well damn!
You have #Sheree all wrong Baby.
Thank You Ill be waiting ( : lol
best game ever
watching Pretty Little Liars even when tomorrow I have to wake up early :-P Bye Good Night <3
Happy Valentines Day beautiful and lovely people!!
#wehaveabirthdaaaaaaay #theawkwardmoment when you sit there not knowing what to do while everyone sings to u
MWIP trying to run...
Glad to find you - see you online.
Formal education will make you a living. Self-education will make you a fortune ~Jim Rohn
Multiple skills are like portfolio diversification; Reduced risk. The more you have, the more likely one will hold value when others don't.
With continued AT&T U-verse phone problems, has saved me again. I've had multiple conference calls through Gmail the past few days...
In all fairness to you, I may even have been 9…
Not to mention the horribly simple logo. I think I designed something similar in 7th grade when I got a "D" in art class.
Not Scruffys, Bill bill's. Youre too young.
#Feature on New twitter blast will include local and national deals.
Do you like watermelon with mint? How about watermelon with smoked albacore, mint and feta? Summer is finally here.
Such a long night o my lol
New Ulm, MN here we come.
It's all about the money...either put up or shut up and step aside..
Revising research questions to make them more abstract. Starting out with "what is man?"
Bill Lazor - one of West Scranton's favorite sons.
he said ill give you $5000. i said no you wont youll give me that giraffe. and thats what he did gave it right to me.
If you're a Main Street fan, you'll want to stay tuned for the announcement of April's topic!
Reminder: Kick-off and registration is in the Student Center and sessions are next door at the College of Education.
The Official Bankster Dictionary
Ahh! Thanks. Happy
I am trying to figure out what to do for my sister and sister in law I may just hijack their kids and use their kids handprints for them
missing my beautiful girl see her in 9 days in #charlotte #northcarolina!
Madison plans to post "no gun signs" on bus shelters as "buildings." Amazing to what depths they will stoop to try to mess with gun owners.
The Wallingford Seattle is the worst post office location in the city. Incompetence abounds.
You're still coming to a Brewers game with me at Miller Park, right?
Do it! RT“: Wanna know where dudes on tour are hanging after their shows!? Follow ”
Who want to talk about heath slater
So does everyone else RT : I deserve the best ... Im a good person
Just downloaded the app just to listen to and
Monday! Time to work.
time waits for no one .
I got something from Taco Bell the other day and it had sour cream in it.
I really got that attitude like... cant nobody tell me what to do.
Oliver is by far my favorite. Have you heard of #OpOliver? and are bringin it back
#MADDENNFL13 Soundtrack created by Colin O'Malley, unique soundtrack for every menu. No more EA Trax, good way to save on licensing?
Reading #Swamplandia! and am thrown by how so very closely I'm relating to Ava, who also lost her mother to cancer at 12. Great read so far.
Always!! Let me know how I can help.
RT-gotta look stupid reflection/// maybe look yourself in the eye instead and ask yourself how you're going to change the world
if you have to wonder why that's austin backround, then you must be a new mahomie or just a fake one... Just saying.
we lost one but keep battling...
We carry NINE varieties of medicated Brownies! We understand that patients need variety when medicating.
Hi from a classmate from AESHS!
Don't let this day to be a vehicle for hate and discrimination; let it be a catalyst for acceptance and love
can you do Friday instead?
Lmao, "A Chocolate Chip Cookie?"
hope you had a great time! What type of margarita?
;P Trivial Fact on Historical Baldness red lead
Meeting You Was Great UnForgetable To See You Preform Live Your a Incredable Dancer <3
if you use a different ip address/another computer you should be able to vote for yourself more. Ill get you some votes too
haha, he was born that way and maybe stared at a naked dennis rodman in the locker room too long.
“: spread the word Sunday May 20 we can use them for ~ Done and my pleasure!
haha, I'll see if I can pull some strings when I go to campus today! By that I mean I'll tell a barista to tell his/her boss.
I have seen what appear to be a couple of very emeraldly clad walks-of-shame...
Very nice, but fold > mutability, no? tokens.foldLeft(Map.empty[String, Int])((m, t) => m.updated(t, 1 + m.getOrElse(t, 0)))
hope oomf coming to see me today
Watching my favorite show #jerseyshore with my favorite person
Belieber since 2009, still here in 2012, I will be here until the end. This isn't the end, it's only the beginning of his life
Tony (if u have a moment), what time should we line up for check-in Fri AM & to get our tickets? as a noob, I'm getting nervous.
Do you like Celtic Frost? I like Celtic Frost. Let's enjoy Celtic Frost together & see how many times we can say Celtic Frost.
“: karleeelovesyou HAPPY BIRTHDAY” THANK YOU <3
Unfollow this page it got hacked n follow my new one
#AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay "You know what I'm saying"... just say it dam!!!
Great to see it. You were actually my very 1st follower back in 2008. Still trying to break thru 2K. : I'm still kicking! :)
I recommend box fan, the cure for all noise. If it can drown out drunks at bar time... I should have gone in to advertising.
You know u love someone when u still believe their bullshit stories
coo did u start new ones?
your mom likes...big..,shut up
damn you killing kids, rest in hell
I had an awful workout yesterday, but didn't post it because you kind of expect that from an overweight office worker right?
Having some beers with the babe, then bed time. <3
Last night's post-game victory lap by Giants players at Lambeau should provide plenty of motivation for next year's season.
Well send me the link because I am youtubing right about now
These refs are doing a really good job so far
Fox & Hound!!! The Best Party in Town!!!! Follow Me & get all the latest updates on whats going on with #F&HABQ!!
Putting 2gether a bike 4Eli. Gotta start now, it may take 23 days till it gets all the way 2gether!
Members of a union representing hospital workers have reached a tentative agreement. More info at 6am on
Free Nuts is all about the interesting and free web apps
just seid I would make my bf a sandwich after sex...whats happend to me?.
Why?? Do u hate math for me its so easyy :/
thanks hon! :-) I followed your advice Guru and did the name change! Great tip! Thanks babe! Makes so much more sense! :-)
No. This Statement Appears To Be Precisely INCORRECT. (:
"The secret of forgiving everything is to understand nothing."
Help me find music LOL!
Happy New Year, everyone & thanks for an amazing 2011. We are closed to tonight to celebrate & will be OPEN for you New Years's Day 10-10!
i see future baby me and you thats how we do
My mom says I'm bipolar..lol. I wonder who I get it from..:B lol
You Ughh' No Mf I Already Had That BeFor
If you remember the Popples, I'm sending you a virtual high-five right now! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
The Weather Channel to Promote Pledge Participation for Campaign to Raise ... - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)
Awesome! Thank you!!
the title was adjusted fyi.
Tweet. Tweet. Is this thing on?
I'm hangin' tough. RT : Ain't nothing right about what you're doing.
< thanks for the retweet!
A pet dog is often more loyal than some people will ever be...
Thanks!!!!! I now follow both :D
Where's Wayne Campbell?
hey plzz follow me
People reading more not less. Reading differently due 2 shorter attn spans, & quickly scanning 4 qual. content
Aways bittersweet seeing replays of prince in a #brewers uniform
I'm really the best fake boyfriend ever. Totally made her day today. Suck my peehole.
The Bacon informed me that I'd better "watch my associations." Yeah. You heard that right. WATCH MY ASSOCIATIONS.
Goodnight everyone (;
Going to #pnba? Ck out & indie publishing panel Thurs. w/ and Tim LaBarge
Makes me so mad! Hulu has so much stuff but they can't have dinosaurs??
Al-Jazeera starts new sports channel to cover NSL – National Suicide League - The World Series of Terrorism and the Wide Wide World of IEDs.
figuring it out.
do you think Walker will win in Wisconsin?
Metty Christmas to all u east coasters
The White Ribbon is too good
Talked to this afternoon.... it gave me life!! I love <3 her
I've been asked to perform 'Twas the Night Before Christmas at a show next weekend to benefit Whidbey Animals' Improvement Foundation.
twice actually boo boo aint she offline doe
Mayweather still ready doe dnt get me wrong
It's the most wonderful time of the yeaaaaarrr.... mouth retainer time.
looking at all of the artwork the kids are creating
awe, where exactly?
thanks Pam!
erm..where are you?
Germany was awesome!!!
true that(:
girl next to me on the metro was a duke grad who was in Alspaugh (my freshman dorm) and was from Charlottesville. Small world!
Not gonna bother.
OMG I just watched the whole video. I want to go so bad! How long will U B there?
Finish reading "Once Upon A Cow"...stop making excuses.
Austin, Alex, Dave, Robert, Tyler, zach, Cameron, mama, Andrew.
Hi all!Pop in for brunch.We have popovers with sausage topped with gravy & a side of fresh fruit.Finish brunch with Scooters frozen custard
5000 friends on Facebook, follow me on twitter though.
sadly, I live in Missouri :( i would if I cud cuz ur color is gor-geous!
We're excited, too!
What Happen Cuzzin ?
Watch my piece on the USS Monitor tonight on Americas Now-9:30EST #cctvamerica. We reveal the "faces" of two lost Union sailors.
idk its Thursday lol a boring day
please share this on twitter thank you
yeah, totally! It was great fun until my sister stood on the counter and yelled "one more minute!" Then they kicked us out.
Animated RT Tell me one adjective that describes the mood in your house during Fall.
i don't know if she ships. If not maybe your mom could order them and send them to you?
of course! Best of luck!
brad paisley tomorrow... im going to cry<U+2665>
What are you creating for 2012 that will increase the quality of your relationships and improve the world in which you live?
- HAHA I MISS YOU (=
Yeah that is one reason why I can't stand Pharmacy stuff is the insurance. Insurances are a pain in the ass to deal with...
you jelly?
what happened lady??
lmao no way! Listen, I'm hispanic.....I don't need to cheat ;P
---- > I DONT Fuck With Pepsi .. That Cemercial Went To Far. How TF They Gon Have The Coke Man Drinking Pepsi .! #YouBullShittin -_-
Susan! My God, we thought you were dead. Susan: No, just in New Jersey.
What you up to now Sawyer?
I am still working out some of the bugs. But I am a diehard it has gotten to be a challenge. Tweet! Back
“I hope that someday we will find evidence that there is intelligent life among humans on this planet.” ~Sylvia Earle from TEDTalk
okay? but that means I have to do Greek homework... just kidding Greek is awesome
Wine Quote of the Day(grape your brain) "Beer is made by men, wine by God!" --- Martin Luther
happy milf day eve
Just set up studio time for next wekend we promise hits
#HIRING a SENIOR #AUDITOR in #CLEARWATER must have a #CPA or CIA or CISA or CFE. CONTACT ME asap on
there once was a group with liam and niall..
Tell me something I don't know!
lol I mean one of my friends who was being stalked, and you came in to help. That's her. She L-O-V-E-S BTR.
...Do they actually think they can make something of stones from a rubbish heap—and charred ones at that? Neh 4:2 Charred stones work.
TY! RT : Example Social Media Rules & Guidelines are posted on the #SMILEcon Facebook site. More examples are available.
He's a bum! Kevin Jones should have won!
hahah okay gramps. Would love to see what you can make. Cereal doesn't count :)
don't know how to feel. mixed emotions. bittersweet.. meh.
Screened UCLA Archive's restored 35 print of Cecil B. DeMille's CLEOPATRA with Claudette Colbert tonight at Playboy Mansion.
who makes the sandwiches in a lesbian relationship?
That made my head hurt ugh I'm ready to go home!
SOME FACTS ABOUT ME I'm weird, I always have headache, I love chocolate, The Beatles and right now I really want to sleep.
thank u
« at times i pretend shit don't bug me cause i don't like others to think im weak.»
"It's nice when someone remembers small detail about you. Not because you keep reminding them, but because they actually care."
Made it through the bone scan fine. No results yet; don't anticipate hearing 'til Monday. Hopefully that means no cancer in bones.
Love the work Allstate completes. Awesome!
nice! You're on a roll!!
yes. Wordpress is terrible....
It's been a nice 3 week break but #SummerSchool starts today. Welcome back #students & #families to The #PalmBeach #School for
Why can't you buy drinks on sunday? I guarantee jesus loved to drink
Signed in to #Gmail today and was greeted by their new #privacypolicy. Thanks for making it easy to undertand!
I hate to be a Negative Nancy, I really do, but the #newTwitter is awful, just awful. Could be worse, I suppose. :/
ha thats almost everybody
" and all the children are insane "
its terrible! What am i gunna do lol
#iknowitsreal because you've never cried to me like this before..
Thanks, man!
RT Visit #Zenler booth 551 ASTD Expo near the lunch area for a chance to win an #iPad 2
So yea im good I know I went ghost for a while on twitter.
oh then that sucks -_- convince your mom!
If tweeted me , id jump over my bed , flip a table and run down the street crying of joy . CONGRATS (:
Is flea season over for the #pets, and if so, where do you live?
Attic show. Always cool.
You'll know how much I care about you, by how much time I spend with you.
Well i didnt mean to do it, but theres no escaping ur love.
Firefox is better than IE, if a bit pushy. I like SeaMonkey better, but it doesn't work on all websites.
Same! Question is, should I force myself to sleep early tonight or throw in the towel & hope for a better outcome next week?
Sore today, but also feeling great. Joined the fiance in a group class at his martial arts school and did some grappling. :-)
Probably one of the saddest days in tech history....RIP Steve Jobs....you were an absolute legend
Research and Markets: Fruit and Vegetable Canning Industry in the U.S. and its International Trade [2012 Q2 Release]
should come & visit me (;
“: Is Xtina wearing a bedazzled diaper? #thevoice” Yes! She should have rethought that outfit.
so that explains it! However, I skip the meat & fish and am still quite fulfilled ;););)
Just saw outside her bus... SO COOL!
gotta fox wit the SAMe. Sposed to be good for dopamine and serotonin. Or just listen to u god 'dopium'.
I love my beautiful girlfriend i dont know what I would do without her. I would prolly lose my mind. You are my everything baby
Nothing better on a Thursday than to watch Palmer, Player and Nicklaus tee it off at
The #NBA lockout has big implications, everyone overseas is getting pushed down a level, which means someone is sitting at home!
Thanks so much! Can I send you a play? Thanks so much, Matthew Ethan Davis, plays published at Indie Theater Now
I really don't want 2 go 2 school and get bullied more :/
Cool. How do I participate?
yo Tweeters party<- I waste precious tweet space. Take that tweeters
Guilt is always the best marketing strategy. Thanks for keeping 20lbs of glass out landfills
Bui look like the Chicago Bulls in trouble. ha
well that's the best part :P haha
We will be live tweeting today's events all day!
pick me up!
Good Morning! Wow, what a Fantastic week it's been! This New Year is starting off so wonderful! I hope yours is too! Happy New Year! :)
i wanna go to 's party .
For sure, we're all about a positivity! Selling #HatsForHope! Check them out on our website :-)
look then
Cheer us on through the sun and rain, 'cause Chelsea, Chelsea is our name!
Working on new video. Anyone have a photo of an albino alligator playing a madarin? Let me know.
Come celebrate Mothers Day right now River Sports Cafe in Dallas!! Live band + hip show!! 5214 S Lamar St- Free parking all night!!
FedEx is terrible, worked there last summer and hated almost every minute of it
Last time I rooted for KU this badly they took care of biz and beat Memphis & Cal. Your boys can do this again. Enjoy the game.
Too happy to be tired.
The Wizard Brian Coxx is killing it !
Tracked vocals tonight! Our album is geting closer to completion.
Thanks to everyone who entered our Muse gift card giveaway! We will announce the winner on Monday! Stay tuned...
Sami said come over now or else
billdub or some shit like that?
New #interview and #photoshoot More details in the coming week xoxo-Rabbit
yeah, right? I think for alot of women you don't get the love of your life and a great father in the same package.
Has anyone seen a sneak peek of THE CABIN IN THE WOODS? If so, we'd love to hear from you.
Lately I've become such a !
right im sayin ?
The Shakedown will love you when nobody else will.
new song comes out today so excited
Thought I would have only the half a can of beer but the can is already empty. Such overachievement!
should i retwist now or wait til tomorrow? that is the question
I cant stop thinking about Radiohead this summer!
Baahh! Summer is going to rock with all the good music & movies. Just found out The White Tie Affair has a new album coming out in July!!
You get to see us tomorrow and this weekend Philly! RT : Evansville show tomorrow... I'm Excited
I also don't know where I fit in. What I am interested in, what I want to do, the experiences/degrees I have don't make sense.
Nervous? "Yes, a little..". Is it your first time? "No, I've been nervous before."
We'll be enjoying 2 for 1 breakfast tomorrow!
Pure physical sensation,social status, sexual attraction, feeling like a winner are generally superficial,people hunger for them repeatedly
i loved that movie, but that was a pretty crappy ending!
i'd be glad to.
IF YOU GOT LOVE AND SUPPORT FOR JAYPRINCE AND FFTAMG,SHOW IT HERE..!!!
Getting super high in bed >>>>
Done with my homework before 345..abnormal
I hate
Cant take people serious if they express that they have anger issues #and?
Austria = Cat's future home?
Follow our great partners this year! , , , , , &
Cool. Just checking I didn't piss you off or something.
that would make it a little less obvious, wouldn't it?
kinect ~ your body ~ and your tweets as one ~~
RT How about Turbofire?! The H.I.I.T workouts are an amazing to shed fat and great when you are pressed for time too!
I'm thanks and u? Which Amy is this btw?
hahahhahahah i LOVE this! hilarious hahaha
oh haha,i just got back from Nashville,Maybe you can come to Indianapolis to say Happy Birthday to Muah
Skinny girls can shake they ass too! Shoot"LOL
It is pretty tasty! Enjoy the rest of the day and have an awesome weekend
Have you tried Babylon Cafe recently? Chicken Shawarma, Gyro & Lamb! Vegetarian dishes too! Yum!
a who sings that song? I need that!!
yeah or whoever.
Catching up on my DVR. That episode of #Glee where Will proposes to Emma rocked! Joyful tears in my eyes!
jake I would never k you. It was for Brice. And no, I will not apologize.
I've seen some
My boyfriend is mocking me for the denim overall skirt thingy I got from today. Fortunately, it is far too cute for me to care. :-)
I foresee a lot of parmesan artichoke spread from in my future. Why have I never tried that before?!
hehehe :)) are you going with ale tonight ?
Vanessa Hudgens & Ashley Tisdale: Girls' Night Gorgeous! - GossipCenter.com
Just hangin with my family making that sunday dinner yummy
We are so looking forward to hosting you this fall! Chicago & cannot wait!
my best friend :D O_O his awesome epic badass good looking nice and i love him like a best friend :D his 17 teen :D
Who is watching the NCAA bball championship tonight, and who is your pick?? I'm torn...
Yea!! RYAN :_) god, haven't talk to u in ages..
funny how you find you enjoy your life when you're happy to be alive
ha wow good luck.
Family is where the heart is.
Thank you
Okay, why did no one tell me they serve at ? Tonight tasted like 2007 in Prague.
nun same ol thing..working ...parting lol
Depends whether we want the focus to be the game or drinking. Game = soon. Drinking = anytime after
“Holding on to anything is like holding on to your breath. You will suffocate. The only way to get anything in the physical universe is...
i wonder if people can hear my latin music in the hallways..
Ward 5 candidate said this in a forum last wk. Residents & other candidates didn't get it.
Just got off the phone with one of the Doobie Brothers. No big deal.
Ah the fact that is coming back to NYC this summer is making scream like crazy!
Gary, really worked fine---Pam was overwhelmed w things, really would like to have you at the house 4 dinner sometime as well!
Indeed her flag pin is large & in charge! Oh, Tina Fey.....
Lol k RT : I am now
Wait, what? He came to the bar but didn't come talk to you? Dude is so weird.
Chip away! Chip away at the stone!
Get to at 3pm for $520 mega sat. 1 $4500 Aruba pack for every 9 players. Win a $3300 entry & $1200 travel.
On twitter at least, there are people I now know very well and whose books I wd not review. Not fact of connection but depth.
How many amazing actors are in "Code of Silence" with Chuck Norris?
Today we pushed an elderly man out of a wheel chair at home depot! You think that's low? You should see our PRICES!
Thanks ! We will celebrate and drink excessively at formal.
Answer to Week of July 18, Interesting Health Fact of the Day: Which lung takes in more air? The Right Lung.
Networking w/crazy designer and engineers for a new Samsung lab in Silicon Valley - open to entry level & junior talent as well as 10xers
They only teach us to talk about things we know nothing about
Time for the driving range.
keep doin ya thing
I look like who did it and ran...
sounds good to me. what dates?
text me if anything, let me know. Good luck in Prov
“: You had some of the best times you'll never remember with me, alcohol. #BradPaisley” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
was the new episode on yesterday?
owww i hit my head on a tree... mow its bleeding :(
Aww love u too brittany! RT : I LOVE YOU ALEXIS REED RT : Can't believe I'm leaving 2morrow! I think imma cry
Win a free super bowl spot (not including media time or production) for next year's game. Tweet #superideopia . Winner chosen by random...
Our coffee will have a mass effect on your day!
- last night's SHRM meeting was awesome. Love the college kids. I'm encouraged by our future leaders!
No reception! Broken parts! But North Cascades NP was incredible yesterday. Slept under old-growth trees. About 30 mi from Anacortes. Sh ...
Illegally cut lilac off #ptw and my room smells so god
I like your tweets !
Members Card Rays ML -110 (15 units) Nationals ML -115 (50 units) GAME OF THE WEEK
i got thursday off, kettles?
Check out Sweet Tease in the September issue of Options Magazine. To hit shelves any day now!
Any #webseries out there that can help direct us to a good site to design custom twitter background?
who threw the pretzel at u lol
that dunk was SWEET! Cant remember the last time ive seen one that demanded that much attention.
Time for Roman Fingers practice!! Then- Cookout!! Gonna make cheddar filled turkey dogs, with Classic potato salad and beans!! Yum!
Long day/night at work! At least I can get my #cardio2 done on my meal break! Almost home! Sweet dreams everyone!
BIG THANK YOU to BACK YARD BURGERS for serving up some great food yesterday. Went along with our Western Days Celebration!
LOL "She gives me chocolate for lunch!" Happy Mother's Day Lynn!
P90X tomorrow...workout is crazy doing abs tomorrow I dont think I've been this sore...EVER
Decision is a risk rooted on the courage of being free. - Paul Tillich
and you, my friend, are very handsome yourself! :)
If u have a instagram follow me or I m you don't have one get one follow me I follow back also my name is... sydbuckels follow plz!!
Not to mention Hossa's head was down, any smart player would avoid that situation.
Stretch...and pray! :-) ": Fill in the blank Friday: "When I work out, the first thing I do is ______.""
Thanks! HAHAHA! :P :P :P
you buy them so quick we can't keep track anymore! enjoy #4 and we'll see how long it takes before #5 is in your driveway.
why the uggs? You aren't psyched about the "wrote an entire program as a Func<T, TResult>". Feature?
Gotta do more mobile tweeting
suggesting that revenues are a meaningful part of addressing debt isn't hyperventilating...try wikipedia
damn TMZ hating in chad
I'm ready
and need their own headline podcast. Best part of the Grantland podcasts!
Except maybe Yankees hate... RT No hate equals Cardinals hate.
u is an ass haha. And I'm alive and kickin woohoo
I was just told Happy bday by a guy on FB that is no longer alive. You shouldnt do that to ppl whoever is updating that acct
whew, feels good to have finished that algebra project :)
Proud to be an Oklahoman right now. #ThunderUp!
have you ever heard of the Janoskians? go to their youtube channel, one of them is massive fan of you :)
if i change my name to "douche nozzle" will twitter verify my account?
Bodum storage containers and select Swissmar Salt and Pepper Mills are 40% off until they're gone!
Would you ever get a Christmas inspired tat? I'm talking about Christmas trees, lights, presents and all that jazz!
Should be sleep but i'm too excited!
my word homie it's time!!!
taylor swift is the best gurl
Where? MT : I love press releases with, "The officer contacted a shirtless man swinging a pick-ax in the center median..."
F them other btches we on that other business & F them otha niggas we at them dolla figures $<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Happy Birthday! You are gorgeous inside and out!!
sigh. You are so the older brother I never had...but on the internet.
OKAY GUYS I'M HITTIN THE HAY. #goodnight <U+E414>
Are you kidding me? Christmas music in stores already??
. clients & are both moving on to the next round. Congrats guys!
I know!!!! I'm super excited!
Yeah! “: I love my fucking job, you guys.”
Damn the colony is so ghetto...
playa langosta, pacific northwest, costa rica esp if you like to surf. cheap board rentals and beer, monkeys in the trees
Got me over here thinking about dancing!
hahah right? Theyre all such good dudes. Hope I made you proud man! Hook me up with some shoes!
#Make WATER a BIG part of your LIFE now.
S/O to my new followers
Barbie what you up to?? sounds promising?? we be in FLA March 7-10 BUT way up in St. Augustine
low altitude planes should bug off. it's 11:30.
why people go out in the world and do this your just mad tht she is popular and your not so back off and leave her alone
Text me.
So glad you were able to play!!
you know where I live, he lives across the street
I thought it might be this
No School For Me Haha Suspended For Fighting Tehehehe!
Happy Hour at 4 Aces Now!
ever drank baileys from a shoe? Hahah
Only thing fresh about UW bb is that cat w the high top fade...props to that dude
I try to keep my black belt in keeping it real up-to-date and in use!
Anyone have any good recommendations for brunch spots in #NYC?
To all artists out there! Thank you - you are creating the future and we just want to say thanks!
Revisiting Miles at the Blackhawk. Whoa... Forgot how good it was.
#ThingsThatTickMeOff... people who think skipping will get them places
Please check your messages
love u too baby girl.
Jared Ford: Mobile technology is a powerful tool for
Get me out of here ....
Thanks! When I told John and Lori I got a new job I said it was in Dallas. I think Lori almost dropped the plate she was holding!
it has ? ok, why does it seem new to me today ?
in some situations it COULD be endearing...but for the most part I'd say unattractive across the board
Just watched 60 minutes. Some great moments, some cringe-inducing ones. Well-deserved praise for Nole and very cool for tennis.
what do you have? I've got YEMX (greek) w EGA for fraternal bro-hood that is the USMC. Thinking next is Italian
GO FOLLOW THIS AMAZING #MAHOMIE <3 --> <3 she's awesome..<3 I love her tweets!:)
Does anyone want learn about selling Tupperware? A fun way to earn extra cash.
would Obama have won NC again?
And I don't get why Dream Big has to equal dark?
*snort* Bye bye bye
you have e & m this weekend and I have w & b so can start planning a .. Right?
Sorry folks! #WhereisTim canceled due to severe weather. We will be back tomorrow though!
I agree Alan. The players should refuse to play and stand up for what's right.
Ill let you know. I dont cry. Put on makeup though
Where can I pick up a copy of "Somehow I Manage"?
Im muhammad ali yu sonny
Tonight and make history in the greatest city on the map. #clevelandmovement get them hands up or ur #ugly as f
Would have?? Cmon Rick, he is an absolute stone cold first ballot Hall of Famer. No question.
super heavy blankets
eatin some chinese food thn softball practice! 1st one of the year!
If you have to lie about or hide your actions.....dont you think that means you SHOULDNT be doing it????
Can't wait 4 the race #amstelgoldrace. Top 10 would be sweet! Just 1 of a few in SD that knows #amstel is more than just a beer
aww thank you for the follow love! :D Everyone please follow He's wonderful and gives great shout outs!<3
thanks for my invite
Singing out loud to the oldies serves as a good stress reliever. Thank goodness bc the fire drills started way too early this AM!
THANK YOU AND HAVE A GREAT HOLIDAY! via
:D your the best sammy! ;D lol
why the drugs? Why the incapacitation?
"2004 Nobel Prize Winner in Chemistry" is a phrase that should never be displayed in Comic Sans.
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur #amazing:) followme:)1
make bitches cry like me
happy mother's day to all!!
wish i was sleepy
nice shout out to the 'bird in the fiveonfive today. One of my favorites
looks like you'll be coming through my hometown of Springfield, MO. so cool you're planning on doing the whole trip!
follow back so I can DM you
If you're the kind of editor that wants to steer what your writers do without asking their own ?'s, then share opinions.
#WeLoveNiall because HE IS SO TALENTED OMG
Flavor of the WEAK!!
SPEAKING OF COMMERCIALS SHOT OUT TO AND
Phoenix MDA has finally figured out this TweetDeck thing and will be posting regularly soon! Thanks for your support.
Time is the wisest counsellor. -Pericles
You would had never thought a woman that fine would have Hammer Time in her shoes like that!!! Bammer Bammer Bammer!
I really hope that semih plays well against the Knicks so I can make a Madison Square Garden of Erden joke. Go #Cavs!
Thanks for the follow. Our Eades whisky will be in NYC by June. We're quite excited!
So much support from folks about my Psychology Today piece on sexual development and my Abiola TV interview about our book! Thank you all!
Yeah, that's great and all, but the real question is, will Jim Nabors be there for "Back Home Again in Indiana"?
I'm curious to see how well Google Plus will be adopted
I've flown into a lot of airports over the years. None of the approaches are as beautiful as Seattle's on a sunny day.
The Notebook...
Incredible thai feast last night, thank you.
I am often perplexed how some women feel they can ignore child support orders and think there's no consequence.
WOW GURL. U BE A REBEL. I CANT TC WITH CHUU NO MOAR U TOO DANGEROUS.
Cats win championship
in light of your CEO lamenting unlimited data and iMessage, I offer this: offer unlimited iPhone users a "buyout" of sorts. cont...
"some people might think you're cute. But me, I think you're one very large baked potato."
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please? 23
obv the gay guy. aka me
I'm good, just washed clothes and relaxing now, finally off work, put in 35.28 hours!! #whoopWhoop! lol!!
#TeamFollowBack I got you!!!
#GetDaddyDirectionTo3Million LIAM DESERVES IT!
If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever
I doubt it!
If you want to get into the others, let me know. I may have a way.
Back home in Wisconsin! Within my first hour of being at my aunt's, she's given my dog so many treats he's thrown up :(
I just rec'd Mastiff in my mailbox today. So excited I won. Thanks for all of your hard work and for the book!
Going to concert tonight H.O.B I do it!!!!
The season is literally slipping through their fingers
Naw ima get a mcchicken with cheese and bacon..that's sounds good
Happy Mothers Day baby!!!!!
"people have always seen me as being mature but i need to start owning that" quote by one of our
but its getting late and i gotta be up early so ttyl man! Goodnight!
If any of my followers didn't know, Diebomb is in the process of writing and recording the new album. Get ready to become insane!
Pull the friggin trigger
DYK? Sharon Pratt Kelly First woman mayor of Washington, D.C. is a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha ..
It had to be amazing. I'll try for the next Va rally within 50 miles of DC...
My nigga d. Rose cumin back
Dealing with your period on a trip?
First day of summer yesterday ---- yep, it's a HotBreeze.....!
Agreed, a beautiful night out tonight. I love this kind of soft rain.
Happy to connect you with Michael Burke of appssavvy. Let me know Cassie.
Its embarrassing that Scott Walker, former Milwaukee County Executive, is now attacking the city he pretended to care about for 8 years
#Karlsson wins 2-hole playoff at
The Romney slime machine hits WI.Amazing to behold.": Willard, STOP calling me? 10+ calls -NOT=my vote. CC "
thanks man I will
I'm horny, but I don't need an auttornet
Welcome Glad to have you!
Visiting Home Depot always makes me feel more manly!
Ordering new bikes for ! Buddy Bike Sport w/NuVinci N360 & Buddy Bike Econo Single Speed both w/front end changes.
New This Week | Seven (!) new jobs, a new grant, and a new online learning opportunity. Find them on the Programming Library homepage.
Lost Dog Callie - $100 Reward Callie the Beagle is lost in Louisville, KY.
I need a massage like fuck
I also like the "touch" command. I use that a lot with dillon to get him to focus when we're walking
I deff can
": #Virgo's are health conscious and count calories."I don't calories but rest is right
Crash involving semi truck and attenuator truck in Tacoma on NB I5 at Pacific.
Everybodies got a money gang... Even Brian "how your pussy works" McKnight... I'm looking for equates and stock portfolio options.
Pets can acquire fleas anytime they enter infested areas-this can include parks & sadly any place other pets frequent.
Playin Meek Mill to 11 with the windows down so he can yell at people outside my car too
CO House begins debate on resolution that would have legislature intervene on state side of Lobato case.
Oh man, the life on the bus never stops entertaining.
u can not not be happy and root for russell wilson.
*Wipes sweat off forehead*
I haven't forgotten. I'm giving it a go on a guest pass. I didn't get to play in the open beta to get it out of my system.
Witnessed it in Indy at the Pacers game... love this RT : I'm sorry but chicago fans are so annoying. I'm so happy right now
This generation of architects have to deal with technologies demand for speed versus cherishing design
alright allright ;p
If a guy can't handle a girl in sweatpants he sure doesnt deserve her In a wedding dress.
aww :/ and that would be awesome, thank you! :)
i found some records man..... dont think ya understand.... i really FOUND SOME RECORDS.... -______-
“: I guess I wasnt involved...:( lol. "The brewers are above .500!!!" Good times.” What a great show!
Kobe does it once again. 2-1 lake show. 3-1 going back to LA after monday night.
"Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible." ~ St. Francis of Assisi
Don't know enough about politics of an MLS team to know if Spencer will be on hot seat soon. Only their 2nd season. It's early.
I only wore wear jeans and pants until 2 years ago. Now I just don't feel myself when I'm wearing them.
9 likes away from 800! tell your friends to like us and stuff! we would be forever in your debt!
On Adelante tonight, activist Omar Barberena returns from Cuba and explains what it's really like there. 6:30 pm on MPTV 10.
We are looking for a Sr. Java Flex developer for client in Plano, TX. Great opportunity - Awesome organization.
Today was a amazingly good day....And the Blueberry Cream Danish I scored made it even better =) I love cakes and pie
Show at tremont music hall start at 8 !!! Come out and support Charlotte!!!!
let's go DANCE!
Thanks for #following us!
At Dork Shorts
Use specifics when writing marketing copy. It makes you claims more credible and your message more believable.
ok :D send me bout 6 picture pleasssee? ~'m making you something ;D
DON'T FORGET TO BRING THE MONEY TOMORROW! As soon as you get it put it in your bag! <U+E404>
NY is starting to feel really small.
Five in a row!
So, interesting that he's already worried about threat. Hm.
Watchin' golf...hoping for a Tiger comeback!
go online! I miss u! Love u ariana! Xoxo
lol i did dat when u logged in
Thank you Dave!
holy crap!! So sorry about the car...but im glad you're ok.
I need a massage
#DontThinkJustBecause I only have 2 fingers on my left hand that I cant #benchpress more then you ;)
For Vegas bro? Haha my parents hinted at getting me one next year but hell no daw brand new. Haha
Wishing everyone a happy and healthy Thanksgiving from the Office of Admissions!
i want to go to the gotye concert :(
This hair needs a MAJOR tending to. Smh.
If you're moving in the summer let us help you find a place to live now!
Thanks so much to for having me on & everyone who tuned in to hear the new tracks!
Give light and people will find the way. ~Ella Baker ~ lets shed some light today in the land of zombies~ make it a good one
Seriously -- anyone else in Vegas tonight? HMU LMK TTYL, etc.
i want a burrito salad
But it flew away from her reach...
il very Alfredo the place that fettucine alfredo was invented.
I'm gonna crawl in a hole and die..
hahahaahha omg! & yeah they're all my fans lol jk
I didn't know 106&park was showin Chris and Nikki video today. I'm glad I'm watching BET I can't wait Chris gone look so freaking sexy
yes it is
Only had to pay my sister w/a latte to get her to take notes & report back what her Baptist pastor says, if anything,re #ssm this Sunday! ha
Are you orange? Get ready for Joel Bishop!
Ooooohhh! I wanna have a baby with Sabrina so bad now!!!!! <3
It has been a pleasure. Thank you, Baltimore!
follow me yo
Got second place in the battle of the bands at Altar Bar last night!!!!!!
3 things a girl needs: love to make her weak, alcohol to make her strong, and best friends when both make her hit the floor.
So she hung up on me .. Coo
The people at the bmv piss me off.
the music is great! whats up on your end?
I spent 40 minutes walking. 166 calories burned.
I WILL BLOW SHIT UP IF YOU DO
I did not accomplish much. Tomorrow will be better. I just did not feel like doing much.
you guys deserved that win. The conference tournament should be fun!
i would assume that you're the one with the shadow, although i generally have one too. but i have the soul patch more often.
Some bunny loves you. Get it? lol
i can never take vampire shows seriously...."i cant believe he was a vampire"-i cant believe my remote ran out of batteries & landed here
"pee in a cup?!? Ha! I'm clean!! I'll shit in that cup if they want me to"
Come on Rickie!
the fact that i got 's ap lang book >
RT : No one stays. Everyone will give up on you eventually.
Right on! Thanks for the follow. Go #LAKings!
School tomorrow -___-
I can't believe I didn't see you there!
Last night at dinner, I passed Paul the flower arrangement instead of the wine bottle.
Something you shouldn't try: getting stung by a bee on your foot high
Yay! I have five followers. Time to go to sleep walk down by the bay. I'll follow back everyone else in the morning. Nightie-night!
what are you talking about I'm right next to you ? O.o
how are you watching it? I was bummed not to find it on Netflix instant or Hulu when I checked a couple of months ago.
i want a guy who accepts the fact that im addicted to
Every night I wish for the same thing at 11:11. a tweet from you <3 :)
I hope it's one of those "so the day can't get worse" deals. Also, that it really is just gum on my shoe.
I know who! RT : "Tyler, he drinks coffee and does yoga. I mean...how hott is that?" -
"It's a different world." Welcome home Larry!
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Searching & learning is where the miracle process begins. Jim Rohn
As interim basis, I can dig it. I am worried about selling the program to recruits who have no idea who they will play for.
I must say that acting was good training for the political life that lay ahead of us.
Hey if anyone wants in FREE to our show December 10th at the black sheep with Maelstroms, Kodiak and Queen Anne's Revenge hit us up!
haha you're so right!
OMG ily , you should make another MEGAMOND. and if you remember ... "no!" Jimmy protested Teehee :)
Getting a haircut tomorrow and going to gym
taking a break at Tommy's Diner on West Broad.
<U+266C> 1991 Mark Knopfler's Dire Straits re-formed to tour for two years, they were booked to play 300 concerts. songs Inc: "Sultans of Swing" <U+266C>
REFERRAL PARTNER PROGRAM Participants can earn big bucks in our new Referral Partner Program
Pittsburgh timelines foreve exposing someone. LADIES BE SAFE!!
RT : Congrats again to for moving onto round 2!
This orajel is mind blowing! *giggles*
I wish I could be 2 places at once. Having 2 compositions premiered in Montclair that evening!
yea - he was a jerk.
why are the Fins going for two? I dont agree. Kick the XP!
Using Migratr (Windows only) in a VM to switch from Flickr to Picasa. Works well, preserves photo captions, though not set captions.
It's sad driving through downtown & seeing it like a ghost-town. #sxsw is about over
Nike factory/ store <3 I am so excited to go! <U+E022><U+E00E> get me some <U+E13E><U+E31B><U+E31A><U+E007> for muh birthday! <U+E011><U+E414>
#lmao red bottoms are becoming less classy. Stupid
you're not, are you? </3
songs. ;P
I'd love to know what innovations you remember most from your school. No-tech or low-tech or whatever...
soon as I pick it up
All Lucas does is shoot.
Headed back home!!
Except for the FTs, Asik was pretty amazing tonight. Rebounds and altered shots. No excuse for JL3--he blew the game IMO.
OMG. WHY ARE YOU HAPPY?!
Does the NBA/media really have to address this Amar'e incident?? Knicks weren't winning with him, they certainly aren't winning w/o him.
I want to fall asleep on the phone with someone.
Just completed a 10 minute survey for a local restaurant! Does anyone else think surveys are getting more and more antiquated?
Great, thanks so much!
I have no power.. Hopefully it will be on within the next 6 days... Happy my Ipod is charged time to bump some
Got a speeding ticket
I need a new phone....nao. -_-
Go Bob Nagle - keeping on and keeping on - announcing ND Cal game
I feel like
Awww thanks! Im glad you like my #teamsk pic :) I cant wait for the show either!
Thanks for the RTs and mentions this week!
Congrats Big Homie! Been My Nigga Since The Flaget Days! I'm Happy For You Family!
very excited to spend the weekend with my man and all my best friends celebrating birthday!!
Try telling that to Bob Carpenter! LOL I like Zimmerman fine, until I have to listen to NATS broadcasts...and then *eyeroll*
you are NOT the father... I love that
Sent you my email!
Looks like warmer weather is on the horizon!
“: That's our story? Ok cool!”>>yessir lol
great. Took a little while to get everything set up but so far so good. And I really like the new area
“: I get rammed down by car you cry tears of happiness. Now I hope I was a bloody accident.”
Of course! He is my academic grandfather and will be remembered at the AAH this year! Come to Chapel Hill...
When a teacher tweets his/her reach is global and the students feel their passion
“: I'm gonna be a total buzz kill, but there are actually black bears in the Pinelands.” #Bryzgalov doesn't know that.
You know you're getting old when Tony Gwynn, Tom Flash Gordon and Andy Van Slyke are watching their sons play in tonight's game
1/2way through Morning Glories Vol 2~ This book is riveting! Best read since Y the Last Man, shaping up 2B what Lost never was: a good story
discussion is interesting; i have plenty of thoughts on the matter; will wait, digest, & write something thoughtful soonish
struming my pain with his finger , singing my life with his words , killing me softly with his song , telling me whole life with his words.
“ I’ll gladly let my guard down when people stop giving me reasons to keep it up.”
writing new music and booking shows
I don't like Michele Bachmann's politics . But I am offended by how the Newsweek cover portrays her. Bad form Newsweek, unfair.
no!..its been too long..i need to laugh..
": Did you know that a med popcorn at RegalCinemas contains 1,200cal? Neither do most moviegoers. "I knew..n enjoyed every moment :-)
this is the cold that wont quit.
Looks like we r in-store for another beautiful day. Hope u can get outside & enjoy it! Seems like a Cherry Limeade day @ Sonic
Catch us tomorrow from 12PM to 3PM !!
I had a nightmare that my red lipstick got on my costume!
"you tweet too much" you obviously don't understand the concept of twitter, go back to facebook.
Spending my Tuesday night with good friends, good food and the man who loves me!
Sunny sunny weather oh how lovely you are..... But can I pls get some wind with this?
i have not! link?
Please refer your followers to follow me ..
South Sudan: officially a country!
I have mine pierced. I never wear it though.
Had a good work out with <U+E00E><U+E14C><U+E14C><U+E14C>super tired but glad tomorrow i get to relax
BET. I got special weapons. never see them coming
what about what's happening in the Antigo School District because of your reforms, you Hack. Closing schools, good work.
I like ombré hair...I just think black to blonde ombrés are blehhhhh....
haha me too! It was fun :)
back on twitter havent been on in months gonna go to south carolina
“ Ron Swanson is the new voice for Hagaan Daz. #YoureWelcome” LOVE IT! He's my favorite character on Parks & Rec.
Happy New Years Eve!! Love you all!!
Ask: What is the thought that is making me feel stuck? #youreneverstuck Is it I hate job?
semester almost done, can't wait to see you!!!
What is your favorite quote?
Selfless life is a tough thing to accomplish... Testing in my faith is unfun. Your love is worth it Lord.
The magic hands again held this stock market is place all day until a rally could start. Plunge protection team working overtime.
Thanks for the #FF Beverly. Have a great weekend.
the best feeling is when you look at him... and he's already staring.
Happy 6th Birthday #twitter !
work work work
Tim Cook: "Let's talk about retail." Me: "Must we?"
Pedicures with my momma <3
And we sleep well with the knowledge, that be this our final day, we'll say, we spent it with love not lost, and hatred unspoken
no swag
thanks Lauren!
I'll take this past year as a learning experience. Time to grow up.
Loving my brothers show
last day locking myself in my apartment to study
Hey Artimus, Hope we can work together this year!!!Rock On!!
Welcome back then. #LETSGOLAKERS!
#ICantStandPeople Who act like they're there for you
Every day, I wake up and home that will start tweeting again.
SATURDAY WILL BE HERE IN NO TIME.
Great, thanks!
If you missed the story, said they will post the link on their website by 7pm so stay tuned....We'll post it when it's available
Again with the icon? You're killing me slowly, just so you know..
iJust love hair!!!!!
awww British slang!
Get pizza, it's not too greasy and you get load it up with veggies!!!
This seriously has all got to be a joke, I can't handle this anymore..
I cant see Packers putting tag on Flynn if means he will make more then A-Rod even with a trade.
Can't wait to go to Bed, Bath & Beyond after work!
No days off...
too many guys expect girls to have fat asses yet not enough of them have big dicks.
Landed! Now, where can I get a good Philly cheesesteak?
Organizations need to be less like a machine and instead more open, trustworthy, generative, and courageous
That's very coincidental! haha
What? There's not even any snow on the ground there! That doesn't even count!
Cleaning my new apartment in Florida while listening to Texas and Red Dirt country on Pandora...
I told myself, I says hey?? & SELF said WHAT?? U forgot. I forgot What ! :/ THAT U look like YOUR talking 2 YOURSELF
Many thanks for the follow!
yes ma'am! sounds like a plan!
been recording for so long but thanks to my sister and dad that bother me every 5 seconds being bothered while recording is not fun
last week's #thewalkingdead episode was amazing. But this past week's episode? #phenomenal great writing/drama/emotion
Why hello, 2-0 lead! Mr. Chimera if you nasty!!!
omg yes. Dog the Bounty Hunter theme is crazy! I love it.
dnt b surprised if a man in a red suit stuffs u in a bag; I told santa I want u for christmas(; just thought of that now(;l0l
Cole Adkins our strategic accounting analyst and consultant, has been working around the clock!
good meeting with to come up with the initial slides for and more! busy next few weeks :-).
#BeYou and nothing else.
Was watching 'Blink' late Saturday night when the power went out. Nightmare material!
U SMILE.. I SMILE :)
did mom say that? Lol
Been painting the house. 4 days without working out. TIME TO SWEAT!
Spurs and Thunder in 6 against both LA teams (I can see both could take it in 5)
I Give Divine Thanks For This Blessing, The Flower of Life.
Do you know what a Triptych is? 1 picture split up over 3 canvases- CanvasPop has you covered! 50% off on www.crowdclick.com!
awww Cody angels would give up everything just so u could stay in Australia for a bit longer.
Perhaps the installation will finish soon?
Good morning! Its game day! Go Nuggs!
You know it RT : Oak Ridge is where it's at.
fuck i really just hit every school zone in town o.O
Watching my youngest at skating class. He can go backwards! I can barely move at all, unless you count falling on my ass.
To run or not to run, that is the question.
Great meeting with today. Beautiful stuff.
We shoot our own videos, promote our own material and handle all the business...I AM HIP HOP (RAW & UN CUT) 500BOYZ ENT L.L.C.
#NowFollowing >> :) Follow Back!?..
T-shirt photos are great! Love seeing all your fans in the shirts!
RT Yum-Turkey day! Strangest Thanksgiving food going on board wins! Tell us and use #TravelocityTTF to enter.
are you trying to get your ass kicked.. You're in like 7th grade and you're talking shit to kids way older and bigger than you.
I'll never be obsessed over you after I saw that lil porno off you lmao stamp dat triff ass
Just read Rock On. Probably not the target demo, but I dug it! Curious about Ori/Jane and BAS. A sequel?
AND YOUR GRANDPARENTS, TOO
thanks for the thoughtful tweet!
#Greinke just mowing them down.
Just ate at The Counter for the first time. It was heaven!
Focker OUT!! Enough BullShitting for the day Dueces until next time when the world turns *side eye with that slightly raised eyebrow*
Chelsea Morgan Beauty: SUMMER SHOE SERIES: Shoes #3, 4 &amp; 5 ...
Agreed--without humor, the pain might be intolerable. Then again, the electoral campaign of 1860 was pretty deplorable.
Thx! RT Read Casenegra by , , and on Tennyson! Already on the sequel.
6am is going to come quickly to those of you heading to for St. Patty's day! Stay safe tomorrow :)
sorry. i like the colors.
Don't quit when you're tired..... Quit when you're done!!!!
Is it possible for a Smurf to hold its breath till its blue in the face ?
funny thing is, no one will eat it...just stare in awe each day...cracks me up!!!
haha.. yep! i love the "auto" alarming mechanism! All my projects in school this year have been centered around
YALL CHECK OUT THIS VIDEO RIGHT HERE CALLED "OVER AND OVER"
That awful noise it made. That god awful noise.
LOL nice appropriately worded/spoken response given my use of the name Spaniard :-) Ur officially N the running 4 dinner w/that 1.
who is that?
Why don't you just like me, you dummy?
YouTube, Apps, Drop Boxes, Laptops, and Social Media have all made learning easier...would you agree?
Females dont know what they want from 1 to 130. Thats why I keep it light
I hope everyone shows their mom a good weekend; they deserve it!
Not much ., just trying to get Nickelodeon to hear me out ..same as always ..What about you?
I haven't taken my coat off all day so suck it
Great day at ! Had a great time, and my wife is looking forward to doing the run again next year!
if u pay attention were getting some of his guys from indy buy now were attractive
#Igotthetweetslikegrassley I'm a sheep for Colbert.
my comic book nerd being very specific about which theater he has to see the avengers in.
I hope the media gives the studios 5th birthday proper love.
Thanks! if you see me flag me while you're here RT : Loved your presentation... Nicely done! Go unicorns & ponies:-)
Where you at Mr. Aint heard no comments from you in 22 hrs. lol Hope all is well
Congrats #tiger on your win... I'll be buying Your game TWG13 come tuesday <U+E014><U+E307> #xboxlive it's been 2yrs to long...
In desperate need of some retail therapy. Should I go shoes or clothes?
the only goals up are the side goals
Makeup cant look its best unless the skin underneath glows,Make sure you moisturize and exfoliate regularly so foundation glides on smoothly
“: The average winery vineyard holding in BC is 29 acres #BCWine #BC” Interesting. I'm curious to know the ave price / acre.
Down by double digits ..fuck it we'll come back
Our 4th Annual Margarita Mixer (for biz ladies) is coming up on Sept 29 in Sorrento Valley. DM me if you would like an invite!
jonathan cook when are you coming back to san antonio texas?
I'm crying
If you don't believe you can win, there is no point of stepping on the field"
At post office to send something and there is no line
ah gotcha
. there were great docents everywhere, and all the exhibits were so interactive and engaging! I could go on and on! (2/2)
Maybe after neither team made the playoffs we won't have to hear what football geniuses the Ryan brothers are.
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
I've had it with these teachers on top too. Like your gna sit down & babble about nothing for an hour tf I look like staying? Bye.
Lmaoooo, you have road rage something serious! RT : I cuss out everyone tryna make a left on a busy road
Suggestions on what a single mom can do on Mother's Day with her adorable 8-year-old?
It's true that Westbrook has help from Durant on offense, but Bulls have better defense. Do 4 games really matter that much?
good to hang with u at Crs mane. Let's go workout and grab some lunch!
I'm a teevee addict ... since I was a tiny tot :)
oh and her and alex's gf sarah was tweeting about it..
Transparency Delivers You & Disarms The Enemy! 2 Corinthians 10:4! Progressive Victory!
just devoured (not literally) your book in 2 sittings! Definitely a page flipper & an all around great read. Much respect!!
send biz props to
when ur crushing u actually wanna go to skool lol
Stupid board of school adding an extra 30 min. class that we do absolutely nothing in..
it's been a decade since grandpa died. wearing an old sweatshirt of his and hanging out on rocky ridge golf course for him <3
I'm still really really REALLY sorry about the things I said..i didn't seriously mean them I wasn't thinking
so, you'll let me get my lip pierced when im 16, but getting a belly button ring at 17 is slutty?
"So how many miles from SFO to Stanford?" " Hmm '26' "
Hey everybody...Kelly from Cincinnati here
Gonzo RBI! good way to start.
have you ever watched the show "the oblongs" ?
We have GWashington porcelain. So does Soc. of the Cincinnati. See their 300-pc svc free tomorrow, 7pm, 200 yrs of "design, use + abuse"
When I tell you to go away I reaaly want you to pull me closer
chicken adobo :) photos looked amazing!
thanks for following.c;
just unclick the choice to make it your default page and to set as your search ... energy club hits
Usually don't get so worked up by spammy sales emails but ValueLabs Inc really grinds my gears - so unprofessional and annoying!
Wow, just heard about the guy who assaulted the ladies at market optical @ pikes. Sounds scary! Poor things.
Do u still go 2 publishing companies 2 find songs 4 your albums or does the publishing companies send them 2 u?? U PICK THE BEST
its my little brothers birthday too! And its birthday too! Sweet!
I think that's a great idea. We have some plans afoot that would mesh well with that.
Damn... came strong... Fun times at CHR
Back in Seattle!!! Pizza and Tenuta San Guido! Ah...
Ah, just filtered some noise. Realized: too many tweets with links say not what I'm here for. Prefer snippets of wisdom and the pith.
lol @ spideysense RT : Pin drop uses what looks like SpideySense to id fraudulent phone calls based on the CEO's phd work
My opinion MJ hands down
Jacques LeBlanc~ I do not like this word bomb. It is not a bomb it is a device which is exploding.
Been home for over a week and this is the first time I'm sleeping in my own bed, gotta say can't to wrong on the water bed
I don't understand this, you said you hated me and wanted nothing to do with me, but you are being nice and it's like nothing ever happened.
she was like a trophy bass I wasn't sure if I wanted to mount her or eat her
#ThingsFakePeopleDo Say they love you when they really don't.
Spend 90% of money on beer and soccer! The rest I just waste!
People will say that the #Clemson game is a sign Clemson is disappointing, but I think it's more proof how unpredictable this #Terps team is
Happy #FF! Thanks to our new - and loyal - fans!
#10songsthatmotivateme Garbage - I'm Only Happy When It Rains, Breaking Benjamin - Diary of Jane
All of the actors/actresses acted, very well, in MY SUPER EX-GIRLFRIEND. The woman that starred as G-Girl was super in her acting.
I could not agree more! RT tuning into #GLEE for the first time ever and LOVING it!
. owned that challenge! Fantastic
“: Two very un-Grace things today: taking care of a dog. And I drove. A car. #itsbeenover4years #thingsyoudoforfriends”
Congrats Jermane Paul!!! Winner of The Voice! MAN! TRUST!! That brother grinded and traveled the road!! It's always AWESOME to one cut thru!
Today call me Professor! Teaching a class at #CollegeoftheCanyons. Semester begins!
none. How is his fault hanley and coghlan cant hit a basketball if its thrown at them. And not his fault jj got hurt
Hit a mailbox on my 1st drive yesterday lol
I've never been so happy or even just happy about a flyers win
I want to go to sleep and I can't
I don't even like dubstep much but like the first drop in x-rated is mean...
Yum! just git done with my meal Best thing I've ever eaten! I could still hear the little birdies cry on my plate!
damn you got a banging body..
let me know if you still need a place to stay, I am trying to buckle down some weekend plans, but you are more than welcome
More fun with Google Ngrams: tramp, homeless, unemployed 1800-2008. Surprised "homeless" so much more used than "unemployed."
It's not the sum of what we happen to be, but what we yearn to become.
we are making origami at the table out of menus.
"Stupid Pet Tricks" on The Late Show With David Letterman is very entertaining to me.
Thanks for the mention! Glad you liked the information about live Twitter chats. Hope you are enjoying
So it seems that just as AVB goes, Terry gets his fitness back. Oh what a coincidence.
i'm twitter bored :O
Commissioner Mintz with Mayor Bloomberg gives a shout to Beehive Tax Tool for #free #taxes for ppl earning under $57,000
ignore that! i have to repost it hahaha
Let's have a great week!!
RT Guess what Facebook's COO checks first thing in the morning... ar.gy/gU5. Me too !
im just curious but are you in a relationship whats your status i am single just looking for some love
We can't wait, either. Make sure to say hi.
remember last time i went 8-0 againt you, also im coming home this weekend
No one's covering my community so I will cover everyone else's community!! (insert diabolical laugh here)
Thanks for the share! Were your matches as you expected, or did you find you learned something new?
RT : The Pirates have the same record as the Tigers
I was thinking of those deep late night convo's you get into :) My mind always thinks of deep stuff before bed
pre-gaming starting this morning
Anyone have photos of the bank shutdowns? I'm on deadline-lockdown for my upcoming schools story.
#naeh12 Need better info and data @ nat'l level to build public will to do s'thing about
There are so many rap battles on my flip cam.
I am in love with you bio <3 :)
Women: "All guys are the same!" Who asked you to try them all, whore?
Good Question ! I think if I were in there shoes, I would drop school and work full-time with a Shark.
I was just telling my mom about our indoor skydiving jaunt. I'm still so glad you & Felicia were up for adventure!
I shall, I shall...
now following
Attending a graduation.... 1st to 2nd grade.
#AllForTheHall2012 Congratulations on your invitation!! Now it's time for
I see y they call him melo. Marsh melo, he's cookie doe (soft)
I really hope you're watching
#MustFollow Thanks for the RT's!!
I've noticed that every time I go to a concert the bands always pronounce SD san die-ago
i want a job.
thanks for retweeting Martin.
Yay, we hit 1K Amber twitter followers! Thank you everyone for your continued support, we are going on 6 Years this month!
magic, no just wrong place, wrong time
Thank you for all the positive feedback on The IP Rules. There's still work to do but this is a fantastic start to a single set of rules.
Didn't you see latest tweet?
Found Moses in Nashville.
ur bday? Great where u celebrating? Out of the country? Prob, not like there's nothing 4 u & ur so called president 2 do here
ManBearPig just walked out of the forest and fucked your shit.
I don't know why I love overhearing people talk about how shitty True Blood has gotten
Natgas trading legend Arnold retires, ending era
CT joins 16 other states & the District of Columbia in enacting legislation that makes marijuana legal for medical purposes
Awe ): it's ok Howdy cried today during band
i know i saw! its awesome! im not even advertising it lol i wana win so bad!
hold on to your 4D translation matrices, its all a relativistic transformation baby
Let's try this again
Whats a good name for my rocket? I need ideas now.
Next show: Friday 2/11 9pm at the Wine Cellar, 1101 St. Gregory St.,
hegreaterthani was taken so u just replaced the a with an e HE>i
is at the parade? MT Favorite T-shirt : "I'm Irish but don't dare try and kiss me"
Indeed! Though my greens are so comfy, I might wear them for a day at home too! One day we'll match, & reality will explode.
don't worry.
The Good Son with Macaulay Culkin and Elijah Wood was the #1 movie on this day in 1993. Creepy.
Congrats to my hubby for officially becoming a licensed professional counselor!
Glad you like it. Now that I have the basics down, I'm branching out. Baked potato-onion bread yesterday.
good thanks and u
will do!
[Titus2:13]Let's daily look for the glorious appearing of our Lord ChristJesus & let's tell all of our loved ones we love them, while we can
Omg ugh i needa get this baby outta me !
you better. (: #missyou!
awh, thanks girl ! It's a lot prettier in person !
Ever had a roommate that you just couldn't get rid of? Stay tuned for next week's #AVbyte!
Watching Greys Anatomy
C'est Parfait! RT is perfect for Easter cocktails! We like it paired with champagne for a festive feel
Is it Mojito time???? No its Giant Mojito time!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>
If you're trying to come up in the rap game, at least do some research before you pick an alias...
Portlander tells coworkers he doesn't believe in the materialism of Xmas, but in his head he's hoping his parents got new boots.
YOU CAN'T POSSIBLY BE FOLLOWING US AND NOT FOLLOWING THE BOSS
I'm a daddy!!! I'm gonna hit you guys up today
RT : Wanted: People who like to explore Google Search by Country. Is that you?
Wisconsin-Bound! Looking fwd to meeting w/ digital marketing team, plus a reunion w/ an old friend.
You're super hot , fire hot , something like the sun in the sky <33333
just don't come home orange please. Kthxbai
That's what VPNs are for! :)
RT Happy Monday everyone. Let's all go out there today and pretend it is not Monday. <---not easy to do!
WOW. Hope that last mom put some money away for therapy. Yikes.
The Cat With a Gat
debut alert: THE BIRD SISTERS by Rebecca Rasmussen - looks to have a lot of book club potential: 1947, Wisconsin, spinsters!
Anniversary Number Two!
Come to S'pore plz~~since I'll live here for more than 4 years and if u dont come, I would be bored... Love ya!!
Ughh!! Since when does hiccups hurt?!...and the hold your breath method doesn't work anymore..-_-
Gray day blues. Remedy - gray day dog from
listening to the game in class on my phone
Chips are the most annoying food there is!!!!!!
. snapped a few pics of me lookin' all nice, so I have something for my bio page. Did I pose for them? HELL. YES.
Taste and see that the Lord is good; blessed is he who takes refuge in him." (Psalms34:8)
Up in Legend Studios with and the homie cameras on deck
damn i wish u would txt me
I love that's song, a lot of ppl don't understand what he's talkin about. Most Kings
you might try asking about the Morrison's west-bound status. I believe it's their bailiwick.
I love thunderstorms! <U+2601><U+2614><U+26A1>
It was the Joseph Carwise Minority Achievement Award. I'm not sure what 2 say 2 Nana now bc the teacher made another comment.
There is a bug in the device detection. I see the mobile tweet on my desktop.
Wow now I know who I can and can not trust! Fake friend much!
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. -Frank Loyd Wright
Sorry for confusion but FB does not delete old pages....... Unlike first one, "Like" the correct and I'll return favor!!
With films like Tron, Eat Pray Love, and No Strings Attached, Bridges, Bardem, and Portman deserve the Oscars they are going to win.
cutting myself off from twitter early tonight!
Heterosexuality. MT : Barbershop Banter - Film Friday - What's the worst Tom Cruise role?
no but i dont wanna be groped ethier
RT : Why is an eight year old talking to me about ' the force'? <-----cause he's a Jedi Knight, duh...
I guess ill drive the range today <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099>
FYI today is National Grilled Cheese Day,
Hey spikey<3 Wish me luck on my soccer playoffs tonight?(:
Someone will step up.
thanks #hottie can't wait till you are an addict also. Have fun with the
i remember. tyler was happy for the days off. haha
D3 extends good luck wishes today to cands: K.W., K.L., D.R. & M.H. Also, a sincere congrats to J.O. on an outstanding offer. One & done!
Congratulations (and good luck) to the Boston startups pitching at Demo Day today. We'll see you at the various celebrations!
Chicago + friends + Harry + books + precious baby niece = I'm in!
I can't wait for Robert Caro's next LBJ book: "Part Five: The Early Years."
Follow Seriously. Now.
I keep having this dream that every time I go some where someone breaks into my car O_o....I wonder what that's about?!
Please tell me I will see that on Instagram.
AND IT GOT RENEWED! #COMMUNITY FOREVER
There's lots of interest in it! Excited for them. I'm going to keep everyone posted on the launch party!
You want a twix bar ya fat-ass?
Hey, do you know "Bright Lights & Bruises," an album by Jay Malinowski? If not, I think you will LOVE it...
The #BFDailyWord is - pippin (noun) (PIP-in) - 1. a crisp tart apple with yellow skin - 2. a highly admired or admirable person or thing
what's up man. When are y'all sending those records over?
i realli wanted 2 tell u.... u look an awful lot like debbie 2nite :)
Happy patty day bmore
That's the thing about Chastain concert season n ATL, those ever-looming, unpredictable thunderstorms.
What's good man?
ADD ME ON CP!!!!!!!!!! MY NAME IS DSkater98
Who's had a patent experience (good/bad) with a Baltimore-based lawyer? Msg us or email us patents[at]startupbaltimore.org (Plz RT)
You can always borrow mine...
Source Studio's status: "If I hear a negative story I say - It may be true for them, but it is not true for me."
Great job we all thank you for keeping on it.
Wake up Macon. Ya boy is on Pio Nono.
Playing the Tap Room in the Langham hotel tnite (pasadena), trio, 6-9, Hamilton Price and Dan Schnelle!
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 25
Is this Hollywood's equivalent to "You're not a great writer until you get hate mail?" OK, unlikely.
I'm so sick of this phone!!
Lance Louis was fine at right tackle. 75%+ of the late season sacks were on Hanie/McCown.
Finally saw Salmon Fishing in the Yemen. Excellent film! The acting, writing, originality....brilliant! What did you think?
4am Dunkin Donuts for some bacon egg and cheese wraps!
SUCCESS COMES TO THOSE WHO BECOME SUCCESS CONSCIOUS. FAILURE COMES TO THOSE WHO INDIFFERENTLY ALLOW THEMSELVES TO BECOME FAILURE CONSCIOUS.
I did not mean to retweet that hahaha and I was confused at first..but I get it now(:
next time if no quote, quote the emoticon. :) re: story
does the COY get his star player hurt in the closing minutes of a blowout?
going to make it a 1 year commitment but if it seems to generate enough interest and I have the time, I can keep it going
Ah yea! Anna's the best! Thanks for the follow! <3
let's do some musical fusion! feat.
JB plzzz can u follow me?????
but I haven't been proved wrong yet!
I taped on the window and my dog looked in the sky lmao
I'm feeling the Texas Rangers Throwback Uniforms.<<Gotta cop me one of those...>>
because you would have taken it personally and get mad .. since your sensitive .
We're at the Outdoor Retailer show in SLC. Brrrrr! We need to swing by more hat and scarf booths...
They must be saying Boo-urns.
Hi Sarah! The Girl Scout interview was for Crain's Chicago Business, so prob. not as local as ud like. The stories are so fun!
Shit was all good jus a week ago...
Maybe it will take my mind off of this
Met with and I'm SUPER EXCITED to try ultra and the Aria Wi-Fi scale this month!
that's so rad thanks man!
This is Sleepless in Seattle all over again!
You have such great quotes!
SAMETHING IM SAYING...
Lol because if Marilyn Monroe and Madonna rocked it, I sure as hell can try :3
any tips on twitter or facebook will be posted ASAP!
Defense wins championships, huh?
#brewers Loved seeing Robin Yount doing the #beast mode. What a fun theme that has really taken off and become its own marketing machine
making pizza >:)
www.eqlrecords.com
the devil is a lie!!hey girl!
No, at least not now. It's crazy pants out here. Crazier crazy pants.
If anyone else was leading they would have
i call all my friends #DoucheCanoes (:
everybody you shake up with ain't ya friend
like Deon Sanders and Bo Jackson. You are a two sport athlete after your one day contract with the Colorado Kings.
Playing the new Walter's tnite w/ Party
I could really care less what yall think of me, Yall could really care less what I think of you, okay then, shut up n do what ya suppose to'
Hello again, Tweetdeck.
how about if i just ease in with the instrumentals? no burl ives i promise
twitter, follow here with me,
RT Amazingly white house spokesman used terrorism to describe worrying about Americans, he word has been banned for describing foreigners
Rosters looking solid this year, keep working man i still got faith in u guys
"What Is love" ? Baby don't hurt me. Don't hurt me. No more
Currently writing our St. Patrick's Day coverage. Are you guys doing anything to celebrate the holiday?
If you talk, look, and speak like a hoe, you will be treated like a hoe
Myla had a check in with the eye doctor - what ROP? Her eyes looked perfect. And she said "I can see you mommy!"
brought my whole candy bag to school (;
boy i love, boy i love u <3 Legit ;) bahahah
Dont Leave!!! I havent even got the chance to meet you and Yet :( and I live in San Antonio.
You just did. I will PM you.
Mark, how did you get your mom down there? You are going to make her miss CBS Sunday Morning!
Mid Day Sex Is Cool
Thank you for the mentions!
Who wants to hire me?
And the Senior Cat, feeling left out, is attempting to send his own tweet by walking across the keyboard. Soon he'll want his own account.
heh, it sure is! Is there a good craft beer scene in Nairobi?
A5 most important aspect of branding...WOW, $64,000 question here...two-part answer
thank you for the mention! :)
can you tell that I love him and he's my inspiration?:)
yeah man i told u i was leaving at 6 am
thank you so much for being such an inspiring person. i love you so much
RT : Mom, sorry about my huge head and broad shoulders. via
#NBA Playoffs are right around the corner!!!!!
I knew you were sarcastic. But it seems to benefit us, provided there's a deal with Oswalt. A good bat for an over performing P.
Going to see Cabin In The Woods.
God doesn't give u the people u want, he gives u the people u need. To help u, hurt u, love you & make u the person u were meant to be.
Are you a fan of pet insurance?
legit dude have never seen other players wait and come out onto the green! #newschool #pga watch out !
i dont know what planet are u from but i know u r amazing! superluv u!!!!
This group of people just stopped in front of me and devonte and said we look so cute <3 lol :)
COD in 3 hours....be there
acc. it's hard to teach problem solving and decision making skills to people who are hired. they should come with that
" APRO.PK " Will give me much love with penny stocks this week can't wait...
Do you already have the World Pinball Championships?
#nrb12 evangelism by daily spiritual growth not by making a "decision"
And now it's snowing. A lot.
you look stunning! :] love you :*
I hate that! RT: My TL Not Loading
RT : von Grey is what happens when you take talented, classically trained string musicians and let them loose to explore new...
lol I didnt know u have a twitter either
#walkingdead all day
2 years or more
It's new phone day for me! see you soon
Bob Marley said 'It's a foolish dog who barks at the flying bird'. It is also a foolish man who sells his life to an employer for a pittance
Oh I have, but still love watching the commercial. The fake laughing gets me every time!
Hey you!! Keep being YOU. Then those who r meant to be in ur life can see and recognize YOU. ;)
guess that means that my strategy is already a colossal failure :(
RT : All you need to know this am from : In GOP campaign in search of clarity, Super Tues didn't produce any....
Ham & pineapple pizza(:
As of yesterday I am a member of the Nashville Soul Choir! Will be posting all shows on this page!!
a kosher question: using a dairy knife, ive sliced myself twice accidentally... am i parve or do i need to bury the knife to kosher it?
Depends on how hot the skillet is!! How long do roaches live?
"Have I had too much coffee?" was the second question I asked myself. The first, of course, was, "How long have I been beatboxing?"
so are mine
What is the book in question? Now I'm curious.
Would anybody be mad if I replied to all your text in spanish
Create your future from your future, not from your past. - Werner Erhard
thanks for the RT!
#15peopleilove MY Family :)
Who are "Whitney kids"?
“If you are not able to see your goals, they will take longer to achieve, and sometimes “longer” is "never." ~Honorée
long time no talk :( how are you beautiful? :)
UNC Basketball: No UNC-Kentucky Game On Schedule - Keeping It Heel
did you make those?
Between O's Opening Day and the Masters, getting work done today will be a challenge!
is back in game. Looks not as bad as thought. Thoughts of Pierce in NBA Finals in NBA!
If only you knew how hard it is for me not to trust you. I just can't be disappointed again..
Heya Chip where ya at?? I'm here with some out if towners! They already plowed through our growlers of devils and 12 daze!
wow unbelievable
Happy Friday to you too! RT : Happy FF to everyone!!
Listen to me when I say I love you. But look into my eyes and realise that I really do mean it.
ok, still not sure if a young man in nyc or dc was in fact killed over the concords, but unfortunately it is possible & likely.
SATURDAY: Courtney Hardin, mezzo soprano, performs at 3PM in SBCH. Public is invited & admission is free. music.uark.edu
his excuse is always a "song" girl just ignore it like the rest of the "normal" ppl
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your dreams.
Just got the worst news.. my massage therapist is moving.
what if u only like like one kid? Lol
I am convinced that life in a physical body is meant to be an ecstatic experience. ~Shakti Gawain
Hey :) a follow from you would mean a lot to me :))) I LOVE YOU. :DD
HAPPY BITRHDAY TO MY LOVE, <3
Some days, doesn't everyone on the bus look like they came straight out of central casting for a Fellini movie?
In honor of Lincoln Day, the Idaho Senate just offered up a long prayer that would have been anathema to Lincoln.
don't make me come kick your ass :)
I love you, even if i stay off twitter for a while I will never leave you .
Question girls: would u date a guy who lives with his parents or a guy with crooked teeth??
funny lill mistake.. i thought it was hilarious.. i been emitting mad energy.. the universe responses!
I found out today that you're coming on the senior high mission trip!! I don't know if you can handle us though... Haha
Point is daddy bloggers' growing influence could help the whole country get real about babies.
Be sure to follow #Chat for some terrific #CommonCore resources...and if you're sharing them, add it to your tweets!
asap rocky and Kendrick lamar on repeat playing all night long...
I need that!
your welcome!(: haha and since when was Sarah and rj going out?!:)
Its Cinco De Mayo, this weekend!!!! Lets PARTY likes its 1999!!!!!!
you know when im so exhausted when im so tired i cant even work out
Fuck it . . Ima just be late today !
is thinking about how drew is making our twitter look ugly! -eugene
I'm still pretty annoyed I have a final exam on the 12. A Saturday.
Britney Spears dance party going on in my house.
Nothing happens by itself. It'll all come ur way, once U understand that U have 2 make it come ur way, by ur own efforts.
I feel like Everyone should find someone to have sex with tonight... Just because it's saturday
no and I bet you that Im gonna get most attitude in volleyball lol
where am I heading tmorrw? Soccer game at niu... field on campus?
lol you know why
Katherine is goreous! She's 1 of the best this season too!
up early today need to do some recording
Construction begins on new scoreboard for the Chiefs
#3WordsOfAdvice avoid Taco bell
Haven't been back since my internship in 2003. #Sigh RT I can certainly agree with that thought! I love WDW.
Hitting up the gym!
What's another word for thesaurus?
High Speed Internet gives you a window from 8am to 11pm for a repairman service visit. 8:21pm... I don't think I want anyone
Just bought chocolates from The Chocolate Fox at Hub. SO excited.
Very happy to have just discovered photojournalism magazine. This one damn fine publication!
haha yea I can see that :)
I guess you aren't following me on Twitter anymore either... :(
And cue Morgan freeman.... I mean Bishop Steib
Is it possible to break every single toe&break a rib? I've got moves like Jagger. No seriously, he's like 100 & I can't even move.
Sounds like the plot to Dream House!
The best nicknames are the ones people don't know they have.
yuss it's like bill and Ted all over again
How was the tweetup? Any talk of when we'll have another? So bummed to have missed it today, darn meetings over lunch
I was wrong about the heaven-bacon-onion thing. Heaven smells like hokey pokey made with honey.
Anything gained through deceit is the same as taking the wind.
hallelujah! social media trending towards social engagement with institutions NOT broadcasting upcoming events
think their attack would be better if they went 4-3-3
KD makes it look easy.
Played over ten Awesomenauts matches, won every one. Safe to say MOBA and XBLA audience only minimally overlaps?
who is your stylist? You look amazing!
RT : Spend the last of your Spring Break locally! & sign up for
Great audience question....At what point do companies accumulate so much information that they become creepy?
glad you all had fun in Miami!!
hope all is well :).
if he comes by during office hours you're required to send him upstairs to check in with me first.
hey. i didn't know you were on here. cool!
Anybody try out any #interesting #flavor combos recently? Just tried pickled mango habanero juice, it was delicious.
need to pay the cable bill ;)
yeah I'm confused..:O
Harry be creepin' :O
Same! Obsessed with vmk! > “: I just realized I have so much to catch up on. #soexcited”
wonderful! And I need ur email 2 send u some info! Please DM us, thanks xx
RT : May the Fourth be with you!
starbucks ..check head dowtown to get my phone serviced "again" hey wait this is a new phone only 2days old.. grrrrrr
Had a slice of Milwaukee. Very good!
I wish would sit next to me forever
What I missed about mexico is the hard ass beds ha (: #family time
ok,ok...instead of broouuuhaha, that was a. Bwaaaaaaahahahahahaha!!!!!! We should plan something! (Was that better?) :o)
I heart you and your sneaky snake. congrats on COMMUNITY. The Best is Yet to Come! emphasis on the COME. love you!
#nowplaying the clash
Are you looking for internet job to earn money at home, follow to know tweets about online earn money programs.
Bad Girls Club is on tonight! ;)
Needless to say I won't be attending this function. I generate enough awkward moments of my own; not soliciting opportunities to increase.
Confession: commitments stretched time & I didn't ride the bike this AM. And I was really bummed!! Back in the saddle tomorrow.
Its was because of rondo
I love you<3
Nani and Valencia are decent but they have had to rely on old man Scholes to even stay with the pace. Any cash there?
Tammy Baldwin is a communist. Keith Ellison is a communist. Judy Chu is a communist.
'Listen, I fucked up a lot of gigs bigger than this.'
Watching The Real Housewives of Orange County with Viggle Tue | 20 | Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
"Then go ta sleep"( :
RT : A woman's work is never done.
prediction from my fortune cookie: "a special person is excited to receive your comfort today" hmm interesting lol
Is today over yet?
no i won't. I will always remember it.
I'm obsessed with celery and peanut butter.
why do i over think everything?
Then I'll move to remove all management including the incompetent CEO. Facebook needs Steven Ballmer or Jamie Dimon
yes, i noticed and was SMH!!
MNF a shadow of its old self. Its irrelevant
Axis wins an Hermes Creative Award for our work on web video
Imma nice guy but I never finish last in nothing in my life, true over achiever
This. RT : I love how Adele is so awesome and doesn't have to wear a meat dress or have blue hair.
We don't even care, whether or not we care. - Morla the Ancient One
Getting some driving practice with my sisters!
We're STILL teaching them. Heck, I'm in DC right NOW w/ the A.C.H.E. Campaign
Hey, I just met you. And this is crazy. But here's my number, so call me maybe?
hi lil baby! No set plans, too many things to choose from! U?
ha! No kidding! He has some chops, but he seems to believe his own press backgrounders.
It's National Arbor Day! Do your part by planting a tree and protecting our environment!
ikr! it makes me laugh though. like the tent in his living room.
Please read it can save your life
got ya.
Name the famous movie with "pizza" in the title- who will tweet us the answer first??
Yay I'm excited
No sex intake! RT : I'm getting skinny lol wtf is going on
We are still alive.
I wanted him to feel included!
your kids are going to love it! Good luck and tweet if you need help
Smithsonian fair today then writing time, before heading out tonight w a friend.
Just got back from talent show! was so fun(: ahh <3
i know that
When will people ever understand that it's not what you say it's how you say it!
It's going to be a hot weekend. Why not make it hotter by checking out some Oregon Motorcycle Road Racing at PIR!!!
Smoken on that carrot cake ayyyee !!!!! RT : ": Wats invisible but smells like carrots ??????"/my kush smoke
these guys are done in LA...Buahahaha
dislikes grandma? RT : My grandmother...asked when she can come visit me in DC. I said [for] inauguration of
very well and yourself?
Tomorrow.. My house for the clippers game?!
My neighbor can't seem to be still, up and down the stairs, man sit your behind down bro..
Deep breath, Jackie. Deep breath.
Fun night at Revolution with the !
Nice! RT : #MathMonday "The best angle from which to approach any problem is the try-angle."
Just got done with dance class: Boas? Check. High Heels? Check. Show? March 30th - Pioneer Underground!
Hate it when #workingout wires me. Must sleep!
Your face. I like that.
hehehee hi, I legit starting laughing lol
just signed up for a summer class.
The way that some of our men hate our empowerment (when not in their terms) is disturbing.
well goodnight
When you get back!
That's fine!
hey, at least thats better than what i could come up with o-O
Wednesday's move is the Island Cafe!! Georgia Ave. NW D.C. #JuniorFattz and #Phantom Performing!
Happy to announce to support multimedia publishing with Cambridge Journals Online!
you really should give me a henna tattoo! give me a sleeve , haha ;D<3 <3 xoxo
At MSG watchin the bull riding no bull!!
If you find one let me know where it's at.
yea me too
RT : Congratulations You've won two tickets for you and your mom to see Brian Blade on June 22! You're a good...
Thanks for the follow, Lesley. Have a super afternoon.
Happy Friday!
Upcoming weekend storm to bring rain, turning to light snow. This storm will be similar to Christmas storm around immediate parts.
Stuffing my face with Indian food. So good.
RT : Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas .. STOP .. Now Make Them Muthafuckin Prices Drop!
Um sir, you need to visit...And SOON!
The event will feature workshops, panels, keynote addresses from Will Allen of Growing Power, Inc. and Chef Ann Cooper, and more
Life is short! Live life but don't let life live you.
agree...I think part of it is in the approach though, and understanding what is being said
So, on Law and Order, they give ppl coffee during interrogations. Bad strategy. Give me a few gin/tonics and I'll spill my guts.
thank you buck I love you I'm freaking out right now like. Hysterical crying
Way to go ! Nice win!
#FindingYourRoots PT. 1, is an amazing contrast between the family histories of &
It's been over 3 years since the launch of MLB Network. Shouldn't you have switched providers by now?
Seriously? No, I really mean it. Like, seriously? (Deep breath) Ok.
#ThingsNotTodoAfterAbreakup tweet about the break-up
Those last two tweets kind of contradict each other!
RT : Some pursue happiness, others create it.
Yoga... very sore. Damn planks.
Thank you!! So sweet - you've both made my day!
Bifurcating your Twitter experience? Good idea. Congrats on all of y'all's progress of late!
We'll be performing live Feb 17 at The Press Room don't miss it and support local bands
Thanks for following us! Make sure you like our Facebook Page too and enter our giveaways!!!
As it turns out, my side was just something muscular and they are treating my cold as a sinus infection just in case.
Guy tries to sell me magazines claiming it creates jobs, "you know it works when next year there's more of us." calling cops.
lol how can we road trip to Ireland ? Haha or the Bahamas ? Lol
so do i its my favorite..
I think he prefers me as "appointment keeper". But yes that sounds great. Rides appreciated if you want! =]
Bitch u laying in a cum spot!
about to skype with It just isn't the same as in person
Be the person your dog thinks you are.
been alright...u?
Yes and I hope to get a chance to come and visit you guys. Give me some Arma 3 now!
If I hadn't blown my back out in high school I'd be as good as Ty Lawson
Thanks to my good friend for introducing me to the awesomeness of
#WorstPickUpLine wassup i love 106 and park its the hottest show on BET
Stand'g n line (LA) for the Gary Oldman's Q & A -
car washes freak me out. ever since I was little they've scared me. plus I've seen to many movies..
RT if you follow me ! (:
You will seeing me and at Rockettown on Friday
We just hit the 2,500 mark in followers. Thanks Sports Fans!
awesome, can't wait..
please can u please please please follow me?
:) Thanks for the #badass RT! Hope you have a great week.
#smh HOW DO U SOUND..no bish it was no if mi hair gets wet lik it did then the curls fall an mi hair lik most get poofy
Which is worse--war, famine, betrayal, hopelessness, injustice, or losing a big sneeze?
Out shopping this morning? We've got FREE drinks from at from 5-7a. We are in front of Van Maur!
Food trucks are busy in downtown Minneapolis. One popular truck sold out of food and had to close early more on that at 3:03 on WCCO Radio.
This damn dog is aggravating as fck. I wanna tear out her vocals cords. All that damn barking n carrying on. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Instead of the M-B parlor game, first consider administering a test for psychotic disorders.
I get tired of deciding if it's worth all the trouble in the end. Like how much crap do I have to go through before it's worth it.
Just bought Animal, Vegetable Miracle by Barbara Kingsolver. I'm three weeks behind on my book-a-week plan, but I'ma catch up soon!
Already completed our first job: we will separate the items at the EnviroLink office. Now a customer ordered a dumpster swap!
And I'm flying so high...high off the ground, when you're around.
Touchdown Austin
People that can't be bothered to say hello really burn my toast. In the immortal words of Mr Patrick Swayze, "Be nice."
Hate when she does this ....
My only wish for #THENEWS is that the crowd were as impolite as the piece. It deserves a packed, diverse, raucous and pissed off house.
I'll Drop you like a bad habit
Save the date | Pre-Conference Mixer | September 9, 2010
OMG its long.
RT : I've said for years that, if Jesus comes back to Earth, it'll be during a show.// you sir, are a prophet.
It's over and done with . Just go away .
lmao this is true
It's the Opening Day of 2011! Tonight: NATURAL SELECTION (Sold Out!!!), GNARR and MY WEDDING AND OTHER SECRETS!
Please let us know what problem you are having with saving binders.
we are fired up and ready to go?
Talked about rocket launches, #Soyuz capsules, & space with some of my flag football teammates last night. Love educating non-
This guy keeps making my day more & more. ^.^
Been faded to long
Here's how next year's super bowl can be better: Half-time show = not auto-tuned. Announcers' broadcast = exclusively auto-tuned.
Well you probably don't need it lol. You are tan,unlike this white girl lol
lol yeah, I would.
I dreamed the nude French-Canadian Women's Army was invading and I was more than ready to surrender. Here's to eating before bed.
I really think that before ppl have kids they should be test for the dumb ass gene prime exm my cousin lol
shoot I'm a great driver
usually i'm not on the "stripper eager for attention" side but good for her. I mean c'mon Hef grow up ya old dirtybastard
The #internetofthings is trending in my office today.
So, some days...the gym feels so far away. Today was one of those days when it just didn't happen. Tomorrow is another day, indeed.
and water:)
OKC turns the ball over too much to win a championship!
Nonstop until Friday~
Matt Bomer is gay? Damn, I was thisclose to having him all to myself! Seriously, glad he's comfortable sharing his family & life.
a relationship is only for two, but some bitches don't know how to count
"Life is bigger than Indiana.. ".
I just love Jordan Witzigreuter so much, okay?
#askvinny If you could meet any celebrity who would it be and why? (:
Kevin Carey of Education Sector to speak at CHEA Annual Conf. and Intl. Seminar. See the Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
Totally...I mean, it worked out for Macaulay Culkin in Home Alone, right?
haha you may still have to do that
Okay, this wireless signal's getting weaker by the nanosecond. Might as well be on dial-up...via tincans and string! See ya!
That I can get behind wholeheartedly
": Man, I've been eating nothing but fucking junk food these past few days! -______-" ...... slow down hun ...:-)
Thanks for sharing!
You love it.
Good practice pitch for the first time since I was in little league and had fun in our inner squad game
EQ presents ZOOGMA and SILO EFFECT at Canal Club tonight, doors @ 9pm
That's the 1st a driver has stopped to let me X 7th. It's the law, but I would rather they wouldn't. 2much traffic. False sense of safety.
sorry to hear abt Princeton! (That program is confusing.) Hope you land something better.
Bulbstorm has had social superpowers since 2008. I guess that makes us a social Marvel.
Hey white liar...the truth comes out a little at a time - <U+2764>
The person who tries to live alone will not succeed as a human being
haha that I do, prolly going to that coffee shop I like with some friends today :P
Thanks for the early
my test? Yah man. Dude ima try to land a nollie and maybe try doing a nollie kick
re-watched Youngblood. Amen to you and Peter Zezel. My memory serves me correct. Thank you.
Spending the last week using only my tablet has led me to the conclusion that I actively hate my desktop.
Here&#39;s Why Google and Facebook Might Completely Disappear in the Next 5 Years
247 Single Downloads (itunes) 108 Album Downloads (itunes) Not bad for 48 hours! Let's keep it coming! Thanku 2 all my fans and supporters
SHOUTOUT TOO and for all their accomplishments. Glad to say I'm definitely a BIG fan.
“: Super tired movie night!” It's a Howl kinda night!
Alpha Donuts is a little diner in my neighborhood. It seats about 17. There are around 50 people in here now, reading poems in turn.
u must have seen 2012!!
yeah right! lol we were both very engaged in the conversation
already! Look forward every week!
Nice to see the Redbirds retire The Genius' No. 10... equally nice to see that LaRussa and Eckersley still have uniformly brown hair lol
Everyone wants to get paid but they are lazy and want shit handed to them.
a pleasure Cerris!
Available now at Lottie's: Arcadia Publishing's pictorial history of the Rainier Valley. Amazing images.
Happy Thanksgiving to all from DLG Engineering! Enjoy and be safe!
#Construction started on 717K homes in April | via
Oh hi knoxville. Back to the cold weather
So am I. I need some sun in my life lol. Can't wait :)
Dear Cupid, Please work on your aim. Sincerely, still single
Does your laptop computer get so hot that you can't set it in your lap? Is it slow but not infected? Get it cleaned today. Runs faster! ,
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries
oh shoot LMAO
All you need is love.
I heard the just won. Wasn't watching the game.
jus like natural beauty is da best beauty.... Natural booty is da best booty!!!!!!
I love the right wing trolls that go after family's fighting foreclosure.
sitting in CCM by Baur Room. no grilled cheese to be found anywhere. sad panda.
I believe life is to be lived, not worked, enjoyed, not agonized, loved, not hated.
I am not a fan of Lugo... But I think you forget just how bad Yuni was. I rather have good defense and no bat than no defense
Thanks for the follow back!
From "no need to try to one up" another's content if there's already great stuff out there about your school
I didn't get to celebrate today! I will tomorrow with pb & banana
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular? -Unknown Author
Coffee Black, greatest ABA player of all time
Great choice for outdoor furniture RT : Teak can age for years and restored in hours
I love #SkypeSunday and
Posting more fine art soon!
Show? Leisure?
ouch, that sucks or very funny depending on how you look at it
#SOTD is Just Barely Breathing by Killswitch Engage.
thank you all for following im so happy
got u!
On a flight to Barcelona. Got a row of 4 seats to myself. Happy.
No way...seriously dont thanks me..its the less thing I can do
Q3: everyday but can vote 3 times:-)
Didn't he used to blog at the star? “: Yunno who's birthday it is today? Gooch at - happy birthday sir.”
Wasabi promotes tear production! TFOS lunch - we're crying!
Celebrating my lil brothers birthday at gattitown :)
Thank you, Fashion Week, for bringing so many gorgeous model boys into my daily routine for the next 6 days!
I groooowwww it longer before I cut it shorter :3
RIP Mike Wallace ...
Text SPEEDRACER to 87654 to win FREE stuff!
Guess what! I hit #SUBWAY for the buy one get one free deal and took care of breakfast and lunch. I feel productive already. #Bam!
Did you read the article? She suffers from mental illness.
I am an inept consumer
Bright lime green is our color next to pink. And black, of course. And the world could use more bows.
Last year and going into this year I really didn't miss a pair of kicks. I was really on my shit but ive missed several lately.
I just got another fake DMCA this time for a photo I took with my own cell phone. Some people enjoy wasting my time...
Love that I work in a place where reference specialist bakes 1940s raisin cake in celebration of the upcoming release of the 1940 Census.
Apparently it's National Brownie Day on your birthday! You are obligated / encouraged to indulge! _via
Looks like we just found someone to handle the #Vegas bookings and venues
#idol - Elise made a great song choice. The performance was so cool and just dead on.
Can you DM me it i wanna read it to?
Me: "there's a new Batman trailer". Roommate: "move it I'm going to see Batman." (As he pushes me out of the way) Lol.
Why is so darn adorable?
Iced coffee is helping. #toomuchwhiskey how are you recovering?
Utmost respect to for their efforts today. I don't think most people understand the huge amount of work they put in today [+]
where do you live?
glad u got to meet him lucky duck~^^ did he do his concert yet or no?
there and everywhere else!
you said loose
I will do no such thing.
hope you had a good Mom's Day RT : GM, all! Wish you a productive, gr8 week.
Thanks for the info!
“ growth, opportunity,access! #shareyourdreams”
I honestly cannot remember a Super Bowl I cared about less than I do this one.
I go down deep no throat out der in the streets no coat
(I should also mention that I was trying to come up with a jai alai dog pun before settling on curling. Great minds and all.)
George Zimmerman charged with 2nd degree murder in death of
haha. All good.
#WorstBreakUpExcuses<<<ur sex is horrible so b4 i cheat on yu i think i shud jus leave yu
RT : Looking forward to blogging more for Culture section. A great platform to draw attention to amazing #DH work.
IM SO PROUD OF YOU! #SaySomething TRENDING WORLDWIDE! #YEE ! <3
Is there such a thing as bad santa porn?
if religions get to make up their kind of angels so do I and I want porn angels. Or maybe I AM an angel in the terner religion
how long is the Coxs Smokers jingle gonna be stuck in your head? "here's to the good life"
aren't the 6-6 gators gonna go to the gator bowl? Meeechigan would smoke us
The Hidden Risks in This Heavily Promoted Seasonal Routine...www.mercola.com
your back in Mi already?
There is no better cure to a long day than driving home from practice singing country music as loud as you can. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
Bro, help me out with this new girl..... :/
Definitely the wiener tee.
I took a fire nap now I'm ready for the world
Props to Kevin Bourque for singing during his paper on 18C celebrity. Very entertaining (and smart) presentation.
I was talking more specific...
I'm shocked you're not!
Thank you!! Really excited for the blessing and the journey
Libya approves Islamic banking law -official
Time for another catch up call. I am in S.F. till Monday. Lots of pancakes on the griddle. Love to hear your update
Our "Teas in a Life" class is wed Sept 1st!! You wont wanna miss this one! Call to reserve a spot!
#wordoftheday Nestor (n) a wise old man. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
concert in PDX 2morow night! 2 tickets & back stage passes will be given to the one who finds our #cache: anyone found it yet??
hope had a good birthday and enjoyed his surprise from
what's up Coral? I email u my mp3s yesterday thank u for supporting Artist. Peace.
"Unlimited Plan...no disputes about calls not connecting or dropped calls or any other reason to call customer service."
Still waiting for you to do something besides disappear against real D1 competition.
is now tweeting traffic from our new NBC NY traffic handle: . Follow for the latest updates on the roads!
Thank you!
I love Storage Wars! I don't have cable so I have to wait for the next season to come to Netflix : (
Ryan Gosling will slap a lying chick.
From now on my day's are gonna be spent with the girls. Now that my mom will be working :(
Sarcasim is a body's natural defense against stupid
ps..shouldn't you be sleeping? or getting a degree somewhere?
Gotta get my hair washed n the A.M. ......hello my fellow Dominicans
All you Top Chef fans lets cheer on moto's own Chef Chris Jones tonight! sending out all that moto love!
amazing prezzo - so lucky to have you as a speaker this year!
How has Tarczewski looked at the event? You expect an immediate impact in college? One and done??
Y'all I have a serious post coming your way tomorrow. GET PUMPED for MISERABLE MONDAY
“: "Single" and "In A Relationship" are just terms, your actions determine your status...”
Working on another Instructional Video for your collection. We will have links coming soon to our web page.
Damn phone correctin me I meant meds!!
New Year's Eve in Rehoboth, Delaware! #MANdance YOU THERE?
Having fun yet?
ive always wanted to see them live. let me know if you go and i'll totally tag along.
hi I'm Harry im 16 and erm I work in a bakery
You must be still drunk from the wine, if you think that on the last day of registration, and it is just you and me from 6-10
It was so nice to see you! Just now found your tweet... I'm kind of a lame twitterer. Tweeter. Twit... whatever! Yes to massage!
And 13 runs later, the Phillies have officially depleted their allotment of runs for the month of May.
I forgot to say goodmorning .. so GOODMORNING (:
Practices where you do nothing but mess around>>> #muchneeded <U+26BD>
Stop by and spray Winter skin away for a fresh, glowing Springtime look!
RT : Books are trash. Corporations are people. Tents are terrorism. Pepper Spray soon to be declared a vegetable.
I need my child to stop singing One Direction. You don't know oh oh
All I want is him...
•America is the paradise of lawyers David Brewer
I need more followers :-( someone hook me up with some :-)
"The air also was so foggie that me thought it stuck like cobbwebs in his Mustach." - 1649 pamphlet 'A Winter Dreame' on the Dutch
I just fangirled badly on this tweet!
Don’t change to make someone love you, be yourself and let the right one fall for you.
Thanks! I try to throw in a little insight here and there.
“: shutup lol.”>>>oh honey boo boo child!!!!
How the fuck can you leave Carrick out of the team!! Are you fucking blind!! Hope you get spanked in the group stages!
Keep that wondering mind wondering.. Love that wait.. Like genuine said SO ANXIOUS...
My nephew that has that Drummer gift and I tell u the enemy has keep us from playing together for many of years for the Lord. Crazy!!!
love words with friends
Should a coffee grinder be this exciting? I'm a sick person. <3 Moriah
Teach: Blarring beiber at 9 in the morning makes me want to do nothing but go back to bed. Get off the
get it through your f'n skull: I do not want to follow , geez...
absolutely ... It was the highlight of my weekend!!
Wedding planning is hard :(
that would be correct
just did the same thing. RT : Whoops just embarrassed myself at work by letting out a loud "YES!"
Cinco de Mayo celebrates the Mexican victory over the French army in 1862. And it's celebrated the same way it was won, with a lot of shots.
no, not really lol
'Guerrilla' should extend beyond questions of venue to ideas, exhibition structure, how to work, how to behave. Past the binaries.
I love you Michael, you forever in my heart....you are the best of all time!!
The second half of France were much less successful fact that until ...
Just as I tweeted that I was falling asleep & wasn't sure how much longer I'd watch , SCORE!!! Go devils!!
Join Benet Wilson at 9 pm EDT for Google + Hangout with me to discuss #NABJ convention.Join NABJ circle at +Benet Wilson! It will b recorded
that was mean
Wow. Can't believe we are halfway into the second day of this conference and this is the first paper talking about yellow fever.
thanks for the extra advertising mention on your site.
Roxy Music - More Than This - 01:24 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I love it when I see someone I despise and they have gotten uglier.
big ups to winners of first look forum coaching program...#FLF runner-up #lacunasystems and grand prize #mountainlogic!
I'll give $90 to whomever can provide me w a pair of Al Harrington K-Mart shoes, right now
i just got out of a philosophy club discussion on adam smith and now i am very conflicted about economics
As of 4:30 central time #directv has our local ABC channel back on. Finally!!!
You've won this round, Rhode Island DMV. One hour and 25 minutes is all I can suffer on hold.
#WhyDoiAlways Stay up late & regret it in the morning
Listen more. Talk less. Don't always assume you know more than the other person.
I hope TMZ is wrong about Junior Seau being dead.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that is not truly your real
I can't express how content I am about how my acting journey is moving along!! It's incredible what being "focused" & "proactive" attracts!
China has more English speaking people than the United States
No school today for me; yippee! Thank God Apostle Maldonaldo is coming back to my church again tonight for youth service, EXCITED! (=
My phone is broke i will get at you when i can..
Lifetime in the morning. Jersey's Best Dancers!
Mexico Public School District No. 59
Big shout outs to my newest followers
How much is too much?
Job interview at 10. I should just be hired based on this shirt/tie combo
I think a little of both lmao RT : R they pants or pajamas
wow that's sad dude
Poor babies missed their mama!
currently booking a fall tour.
So ready for in Pikeville, KY on April 13th.
#sometimesitseemslike everyone out there needs to get waxed!
Won't do a #marathon in Finland. The Finnish line would be too ambiguous to identify.
Don't make me hose you down outside. ;^)
The Hawks are gonna win.
Add'g #NYC HHs in May!
Austin: Davee, us soo cute! Dave: I know(:
Good discussion last night with class of GWU MBA students re social media.
I said that long ago. Now imagine gay divorce court. I would call out from work to watch that.
literally every day.
Browsing a guidebook. Want to go to NYC. Or to Kunsthistorisches museum in Vienna.
Lunges, sprints and jumps on roller skates.
haha yeah,&you are? :o i could never deal with that many kids. especially when i go to mexico & see them all running around
I I FOLLOW I FOLLOW YOU DEEP SEE BABY I FOLLOW YOU
Oh it's coming...you will LOVE Mazzaro.
i dont think is online anymore :( :(
ik we never talked but I lov ur stories!!! And I was hopping u cud read my 1 chapter of my 1 story and tell me wat u think!
doing the same. judt livin life the BEST way I know how
Watching Friends. God, these people are hillarious.
when you see my face, hope it gives you hell hope it gives you hell
I make the best sandwiches
What is your healthy meal on-the-go?
I HATE OT!
Spanish test wasn't so bad.
loving the twitpic (;
Just because you're naked doesn't mean you're sexy. Just because you're cynical doesn't mean you're cool.
yr so cute :]
I can do 5:30sh today now. Ok?
Forever Young.
Someone talk to me haha I'm in a good mood. (:
I think it's amazing that in 2005 there were 134 million mobile-phone users in Africa, 2011 660 million
I love your tweets. The ones about James make me smile everyday and I can't thank you enough Keep up the good work!
Ah your segments on #RAW are just as Hilarious as your tweets :P
OK, good, I was right - you DON'T know what it means. That's fine, zealots (aka block list candidates) never do.
I'd be curious in a Twitter roll call.
Sleep is for those people who are broke. - 50 Cent
Good call. Gotta give them credit RT Not picking nits, but your Power Rankings say Colts were 1-15. They were actually 2-14
12,000 people are following you!!! what?
Jordan Classic on ESPN. The Charlotte Bobcats are worried that they aren't as good as these kids
I don't think I have ever tried red bush tea, hm I shall look for it next time to go to market :)
Cotto wit the baseball socks !
are you sure? how do you know? thanks though! xx :)
Haven't been able to sleep so foreskin tired but lol
I did the other day where yhu headed !!!
61% feel the volume of advertising is out of control.
Good Morning :) <3
// You're right. It's a much better idea to stay up until 4am mixing your EP when you have to be up at 7:30 for work.
i am really looking forward to avocados, breakfast tacos, and delicious margaritas...and the job, of course:)
you should be paying attention in school!!
Thrilled to have #beatthebridge this year!!! Thxs to a gr8 team - Despite the RAIN it was a lot of fun!!!
thaanks srry soo late haven't been on twitter for a while but thanks aha ! but you're super photogenic it hurts :$
Secret Society was off the hook! 400 deep a Eden lounge. Great look!!
Oh, BTW, did you know? Traffic sucks.
Its Friday. The weekend is where hard work can put you ahead. my brother has a studio session Sat him me up to go.
shit u already kno....and I'm not smiling bout it....
yusssss.. yeah joe im up for it. good shout. ill set it up now. any1 i should exclude, this time around??
and Segue militants cruisin' the sidewalks like they run the place. ...oh wait, those are real.
oh no! It happens to the best of us, right?! Long day! Hope you are well!
Well, resting so my arm doesn't fall off hahaha. but I'm going to see a movie with my mom and sister tonight.
RT : Virginia just ate a peep for breakfast and said "this is the best day ever!"
“That awesome feeling of how gangster you are after rapping your favorite part of a song without screwing up.” this is us.
A little Crown Royal Black. All problems are not so bad right now.
can't wait to play. and wait for the beans to sprout.
We are spoiled here in TN too
Thanks to Eve, Mary, Bronwen, and Nick for their hard work on our behalf this week.
Great shot of L. Rabe on Horseback. Check it out on Facebook!
Back to hoops: How in hell's name does Lin get so many damn shots? He's not even playing.
#3WordsOfAdvice Prepare for Zombies
#Redstl friends are all meeting at the #brewhousestl High Def 12 screens!
Half time: 24-Colorado College 36.
Costume Contest today until 4 PM. We're giving out $100 gift card to the top costume and candy to all!
Thanks Matthew! All the best to you
Thanks for "watching" our footage. ;)
LOL, yes and I guess I will see u Saturday too at auditions? stafford is so far!
follow friday , ,
Thats so sweet :) I hope u follow me some day #IWillNeverStopBelieving #CubanBoySwagg ;]
nigga you wanna meet my gat?
The fountain of youth must be in San Antonio #Spurs are scary good
I'm waiting for everybody to check out my music at www.myspace.com/peacequest1935 and let me know what they think.
fuckin nasty slut!
It's finally 1/1/11!!!! HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE!!! One hour left for all my friends in California. , and :)
IT'S OKAY BO )))': LOL what are you wearing?
I certainly will see you next week. Don't forget to drop by on your drive through KC!
i wanna run away. not like my parents would give a fuck...........
i didn't take a nap today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
driving from AZ to Denver in an RV, river rafting, fishing, etc on the 30th. Should be fun. Never been!
Texas Music trusts us for the best in quality, price & service for CD & DVD replication & custom t-shirts & merch. Hit us!! You'll stick.
Thanks for all the twitter RT love!
home alone im sick and im watching depressing,sad movies
Just left an all morning client mtg to the glorious surprise of a SUNNY 65 day! Yay!
RT : “The great thing in the world is not so much where we stand, but in what direction we are moving.” Go forward!!
loves like a ballon. easy to blow up and fun to watch grow. but hard to let go of and watch fly away.
Why do you like living in this area?
I worry about spending more time with my Iphone than my wife...... and I do love her.
Carrie Underwood has one of the most amazing voices EVER. Her voice is FLAWLESS even when she's live!
Got me a half of halfa bottle
RT : Every single person in your company is potentially a spokesperson. at
To our friends over please let us know if we can get you any more information on our application. We'll make you proud!
I never knew how stressful Crazy Fun Week would be...
Some crime has gone down. Thefts and break ins are up actually. Walker has balanced the budget and not raised taxes.
My favorite South Park episode
Lakers really????? Kobe shoulnt even be compared to Jordan! i hate the lakers tho lol
what I'm saying is if he doesn't see it right when you tweet it he might not check his tweets back that far
Two drinks in and I am already feeling it. At this rate I'll be out by 8:30.
We want to know from those who attended "Networking with Strategy Works!" What is the best lesson you learned today?
Watchin Rip Girls on Disney
Going shopping with my mom later for an outfit for the dance.
K, gonna get go get some coffee & stay up all night and do some homework.
I think should follow me. Because I tweet facts about him. He needs to know more about himself. (;
despite Ed hardy, sounds like you had a great #thunderoverlou looking fwd to seeing you on the big screen @ #derby. Have fun!
Ill be close to the beach! And ill finally want to invite my friends over my house.
How come whenever I see the word 'Cubs' on Twitter it always has 'LOL' next to it?
Show me how much you appreciate me
Suck her neck before I eat her like she breakfast.
Bah! That was my fear. Thanks!
iNeeed more followers >.<
Gotta love a safety in the #superbowl. Switch up your numbers anyone?
you know I do, 3 loads done
Fantastic food and cocktails tonight ! Short rib special was especially delicious!
RT : TwitFace Tuesday! Mention this and score a cup of clam chowder for $5. Open 11ish-4
Please follow :) les dará follow back :B , she is DIRECTIONER :) siganla :D eso. c:
Woohoo! Congrats to my partners & colleagues at MT : Our community is AMAZING! $11,200,053 for #arts in the Cincinnati region.
Do yourself a favor gents get informed about and let your facial freak flag fly!!
NEVER DOUBT THE "T"!!!
there will be a lot of twitter chatter about that in regards to you.
That. Is. Awesome.
and - that #MondosDress is AMAZING! I would love love love it! :) Please & thank you! :)
Dancing and waving at ppl in the rain with my best friends= CRAZY weekend:D
income inequality, marriage inequality, gender pay inequality all seem fine with Mittens, thank you.
math was my worst score. but the overall performance often gets you through the first pile, and can matter re: fellowships.
my 2011 skatedeck is proudly displayed on the wall above Jack's changing table w/ a scarf draped over it
Thanks Gayle, we watch you every morning!
BOO FROG @ Kelly's - Thursday
#LeBronOrDurant? This is tough. Both have lifted their teams up this season. The MOST VALUABLE 2 their team would have to be Durant.
OMG hello my sweetheart, I really missed you !! I'm fine, wbu?? Any news?? Love u to my dear :**
The hardest part about accepting the saying “everything happens for a reason" is waiting for that reason to come along.
my portrait in bone
RT : The good guys are hidden, & mine is hiding under a helmet, jersey, and pads. #footballplayer <3 tsk tsk
They Say Skateboard U Racist U Only Hang Wit White Cubans, Nonsense Thats The Necklace Nigga, The Lights Movin-
rough day?
for starters, too bad I cant swim lol. Also, Heat are gonna be knocked out by then & #kod would be a bad idea haha
I was wondering that too!
Now THAT was an absolutely FUN performance to watch. #BrunoMars always brings it!
Out of the darkness and into the light
You are such an increadable performer, everyone should hear you play!
It's great that is airing #BattleOfTheNetworkStars .. but it needs DVD-style running commentary from or Erin Gray
I'm now a Minority Mets fan. Brewers first, Mets second.
RIP babygurl RT : So weird to hear them say one of "8 planets in our solar system".
u r welcome honey ! And thx <U+263A>
MAD AF!!! RIGHT NOW
it's never too late... post em up!
Just rolled back into town from Nashville...My phone is not (and has not been) working. If you need me email me. THanks.
Love takes time...
PsychoT with the no look dime!!!!!
Lol I was about to disconnect this guy on Omegle and he's like "Wait big daddy!" Hahahahha
Doing my thing. Pushing the envelope, making movie magic. ;)
You ain't never met a top flight ninja like me!!
Respect! RT : i voted for four of the six inductees. the two i voted for who did NOT make it: cris carter and charles haley.
I knew that could get #50000mahomies && watch there's many more #mahomies out there.. you'll see((;<U+2665>
ermm idk, I'm on my iPhone right now lol let me check
no I love your sack ;D
Devoured that sandwich now I'm feeling sick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
check out our site @ www.slobbersnaks.com updated with new pics
great description :D Thank you so much!
I meant sans-serif. Duh.
Stand corrected.
"dude no lie I think our asses are like the same size" my friends say the strangest things..
RT : Check out this great show called "Remaking America" It takes a bold upfront approach at the job search. Very cool!...
how tall r u???
IOCOM will be at #ATA2012 booth 1027. We're excited to meet everyone and see what's happening with telehealth technology!
thanks girl!:)
ok....that was a lot of !'s kinda frightening.
Turn To You and Boyfriend are both in the top 10. Tear.
have a good rest of the day!!
I just signed up, thanks for the post
Just got my football jacket ... gonna go all zayn on everyones ass
Refuse to Lose, Refuse to be Defeated, Refuse to have Regrets.
20.I am golden brown (complexion) Turn On:When boys try their best to sing for you Turn Off:When they dont even want to deal with you
hey sweetie how your day
so u live in LV? I lived out there for a min, went to Dondero Elementary. Mom worked at the Dennys on Strip
thanks to DGGals for the awesome editorial!
seriously check out that vid. It goes against everything the media have (or haven't, actually) been saying about how well he's doing
This game is goin so damn hard!!
#Drakkar RT find me one person named sergio who isn't wearing an entire bottle of cologne
Chicks that pop their collar probably get so much pussy.
P.S. Obsessed with those hot-pink heels! Not that I'd be able to walk in them for more than 5 seconds...
Circle du Soleil has been the best part of the #Oscars so far. True Art!!
Thanks, you too! :)
-You should be here, you would knw what we talkin about!! lol
Preach! RT : Alot of things are better when they?re on mute.
I pray to god Kentucky gets the chance to end your season. You know who you are.
yes they are lol
Thank you for the shout out!
I get the most random picture messages from
Dropkick Murphy's Live!!!!
The battle for LA today! vs ! Lakers got this game! Lets get it purple and gold! #LAALLDAY!
I feel like I'll never acheive my goal of being a 90's computer hacker.
both of you aint bout it
who u been takin to that all lines of communication dead better write a letter send a smoke signal lol
Why the sigh?
No swim because of the storm(: mother nature is my bff today. Lol
Garbage and recycling will be picked up a day late the last week of Dec and 1st week of Jan. in
Teacher teacher, teach me love. I can't learn it fast enough. #oldsongs <U+2764>
Sitting in Fettys bored to death !!!!
My phones off right now
That's great Michelle~! And rubber ducks as well, you're just too good to me babes! I brought my Loufa along as well. Xoxo
River of Debris Pours into Hotel Cafe A construction crew working next door to Le Parker Meridien hotel broke through a wall Wednesday, s
I can't believe Will just died. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Of course! Can't wait to join you tomorrow for Clybourne Park!
Morarji Ranchhodji Desai~ Self-help must precede help from others. Even for making certain of help from heaven one has to help oneself.
It's hard not to think about them
NEVER DOES MY 11 YEAR OLD COUSIN HAVE A PHONE. WTF.
slow boogie mane...tryna keep my head above water...i see u changed the paint on dat thang...#summatimestunt'n
Just got back from Lorax with Eli. Had such a fun time with my little man. I needed a break from reality....
Oh I get it, he had to load the bases so he could work under pressure.. Alright, I'm with ya D-Rob. Don't let me down!
Processing 1924 travel pics of Europe all day makes my wanderlust unbearable.
well hello stranger!
Glad to see Steve Jobs get a nod during the #Grammys "remembrance" montage
this is a scary long line for Mr. Gaiman and I may have to get the Babe something more age appropriate if no copies left!
RT if you are in finals
lol I don't have a bedtime fam
thank you!! She's the best!
We are still rocking and the night is young. Get your butt here!!!! Let's party
yes, we accept submissions from alumni!
LOL Ask Caron!! RT : Awh, i thought the actual (Caron Butler) was following me but it was just a fan page
"The marathon can humble you." - Bill Rodgers, winner of four Boston and four NYC marathons
catching up on god is so good.
I can't stop laughing...
Geez looks like could be your sister. Sure she isnt a plant for photo op?? lol
Kick June off with a bang! Join us for Happy Hour from 5-7pm...$5 glass/$20 carafe of Sangria, $5 Select wines, $3 Craft-Style beers
I'm having a nice relaxing day. Just woke up from a little nap lol :P
Congrats -- You've won 2 tickets to the Rascal Flatts concert tomorrow night at Cricket! Thanks for following us!
“: Country girl Skylar Laine is up. Will she make it? #Idol” I hope so!
RT : And even though players say otherwise, this is an illini basketball season that needs to mercifully end. #dechr agrees
man if someone took my kids i would be up the cops too haha
me either!!!!
She know what to do and she know how to do it .
Well that was an interesting night.
brewers lost again. back in the slump??
December 7, 1941, a date which will live in infamy.
howlin' just a little bit more
My girlfriend's really mean to me :/
Good just aims good enough...GOTTA BE GREAT
I'd rather be nine people's 9 favorite thing than a hundred people's 9th favorite thing
thankful it's a dry heat
ha! i was trying to think of a clever euphemism, but all i got is, "scared money don't make no money"...
Leaving the 'subject' line blank on work email <
happy birthday ! hope your day is full of wow and kickass
this. just. made. my. day.
We just added a Welcome page to our Facebook Page! Check it out! Technology is amazing.
arguably most dramatic three outs of Red Sox season to date coming up. Agree or disagree?
Strike two!
Im just warming up, lol!
We know it's only Tuesday, but just a reminder that Gallery Walk is this Saturday in the
Congrats to for being our 200th followers! $20 of cleaning goes to you, good sir! DM us for details.Any suggestions for 300th?
The only leaders I respect are those willing to risk humiliation for their cause & would risk their cause for those they love.
I am now on Bailey's following list and timeline :') <3
How does a thing resist dissolution? I’ve got this nagging to :: repurposing situations. I mean I used to / be an icebox, if you can imagine
Stop SPAMming me, Jeb.
But on the flip side, there is nothing worse than waiting for someone to wake up so you can TALK to them and SHARE YOUR FEELINGS about stuff
omg thunder and lightning im going to die
hahaha I only buy from my absolute favorite so like 95% of them
Had a great time speaking at Romeoville High School's Career Day. Thanks for having me out!
thanks for making my jewelry shine! You rocked it!!
“: This nigga kells is way underrated!!!! He got hits” For days!!
I'm gonna have to I follow all of you for the rest of the night cause I wish I was up there
Hey its gonna by a by and large kinda day
Start living for something worth dying for <3
Can i get my stuff back GQ
The average weight of a Playboy playmate has increased by 1 lb since the 1960s, while the average height has increased by 2 inches
Just emailed my resume!
afternoon is purrrrrfect.
So happy to be here with her. :)
go follow he is perfect <3
the east playin for real
Thank you babe, I've been studying all day :) & hope you had a lovely day yourself! :) xoxo <U+2665>
hope your felling better. Gesa told me you took one in the face
The Odyessy=the most boring book ever!
so stoked for your "hire of the year" award! congrats to for a great move.
so happy to discover you! Only wish we were a little closer to London so's join in your events!
I'm used to people making fun of my home state, but that just made me angry.
Happy International Women's Day!
WMATA is changing the term "peak of the peak" fare to "summit" fare
Bitch da celtics fans shud beat yo ass and make yu look homeless .... Stupid bitch
RT The best feeling is when I look at you, and you're already looking at me <U+2665>
(Thank you Tina!!! Appreciate that :-) )
One double-spaced letter page from a scholar gets full access to dictionary for two years. For non-scholars, subscription at $30
#51 Bro, having ur wife take ur family to church is like asking her to fill a role u were designed for! Do what u were called to do!
like iphone? right?
NBA 2k12 is ridiculous. My 6 year old just drained a three in my face with Derrick Rose and then turned to be and said "that was nasty"
I wonder how long before we start seeing 2012 Super Bowl Champion Patriots tee-shirts and hats in Tahrir square.
Dinner service is just getting started! Come on down for a great night at The Bar! Located at St Rose & Eastern
Cheer death for dictators and mass murderers, not for political pundits #RIP Breitbart
I'm at the dentist for the first time as a married man. (Our 4 year anniversary is in August.) thanks
EVERYONE SHUT UP THE BATTLE DUO! :c
AT&T - how much? I can drop it off..
Drake- Waiting up is one of the best songs I've heard from him ever since "So Far Gone"
might want to delete that last tweet. Could be used in court against you.
U got my number text me sometimes sis!! We'll be there fa sho!!
To Win: Mention our name on twitter as many times as possible by Friday April 13th, 2012. Each tweet must include: +
“: We simply attempt to be fearful when others are greedy and to be greedy only when others are fearful. Warren Buffett”
Teamgemini just step n the building so wats Poppin
Roberts-Burton "when interpreting slavery don't be afraid of controversy" :: yes!
Thank you! I had fun putting that together.
Can't wait!
I don't know just keep gettin this sharp pain
"my family lost our compound in newport because of his father"
BUT THEY WON'T TELL ME
I love spending time with my bf :)
Today's high is 86 and it's 83% humidity. Ah asjf;akljfowejiofj. Can I move to the other coast please.
Just had a live Nordic Ski Jump on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS MORNING. Very cool, local talent. We'll try to catch it again at 6:55.!
Looking fwd to Here & Now this weekend RT Plus it's free. Some real recession friendly culture!
In baseball action, 6th Region power PRP leads 7th Region's St. Xavier 6-1 in the 4th inning. Gunnar Wagoner has scored lone run for Tigers.
Picking my summer poison: bonedry&105 in Austin or 90&sticky in my hometown, DC? When finals are over & it's time to write, DC here I come.
I've read quotes from two different people today saying they are inspired by swimming in the ocean. One more and its a trend.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
I'm too scared to read it.
Expect a home recovery 5-10 days after a nose reshaping.
"Don't let the stuggle discourage you, it's suppose to be hard. If it was easy we wouldn't have anything to do"
RT : Sprint Cust Sat results hit the top. Kudos to Bob Johnson's team.
Alas, I cannot. Poor Narciss must go into hiding.
Im pumped we aren't playing lazy anymore
That moment when you realize what someone said was dirty followed immediately by the realization that they fail to see what's so f'in funny.
RT : Congratulations to all who got into their respective colleges.
You guys are having a nice day like us today.... I like.
Lol! Agreed.": I need a day in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber."
Ready to graduate wanna go to
You will be missed, Mrs. James
Sorry guys, summers getting crazy! So, what was your favorite concert this summer?
A3: sorry mind blank before - add blog site to prior list
BTW, it's been revealed that Party Rock Anthem is now the most played song at weddings
you are welcome at all times!!
yes I agree!!
Draw to Quizz goes nowhere. 3rd and 6 for Beavers.
don't say that... and we may nit be close but you can always talk to me #goodlistener :-)
haha That's kinda creepy and awkward.
it's just one of those days i guess :/....
cause im sweet like ice cream :)
SO MANY BOOKS SO LITTLE TIME.
we looking ok on the project?
Giving a Q&A oriented speech this weekend. Any questions you'd suggest I ask?
I've always wondered, can former gymnasts be ballers?
would you like to give it a try?
Happy Monday RT : "You keep your heart above your head and your eyes wide open" Zac Brown Band-great motto for school & life
Jamming with the cats!
it no longer wks w/antivirus autofill of username or passwords. It's driving me NUTS.
Hit the ball on the ground, Campana.
I was driving and ran over a Humongous SNAKE....
Kreider is playing his ass off. Wow
The King of In Between should be Album of the Year
I hope so...Theo knows how to run a draft and develop guys so I'm excited about that. We haven't had a GM who knew how to draft!
At the Fiery Foods Show in Abq!
Props RT : Shindigs gets tax-credit designation: ://t.co/yvE9hM8R
where have you been all my li-i-ife
FREE portable basketball goal. But wait....there's more. DM if you want it.
#Redsolocup was mortifying...thanks
So tomorrow then? What time? XD
Hello Dear Family! If you follow the Fools... we are now following you... so watch your back.
- & - Discounts at other local retailers - Ticket Exchange: Never waste a purchased ticket again!
hey dm me sexy
Never thought I,d meet a person named homer
Just made sugar-free, dairy-free pancakes, and used olive oil rather than veg oil. They turned out great!
girl, ANYTIME you're in the mood. Let me know!
Wasn't it abt the time your family was a State Guest of Prez. Najeebullah, the champion of democracy;) ... ?
Hello Shane Becker. No slides online yet. But most of it can be directly/indirectly extracted from 's book :)
How u gone cheer 4 the other team?? new jersey got sum flaw ahh fans
I woke up this morning feeling personally victimized by Regina George.
Go check out and follow him. His art is amazing and revolutionary. If you're sick of all the same things, check his art out
also don't chop habaneros and then touch sensitive places, mkay?
haha ya that's my family! Why do you ask
San Diego has a Container Store!! It's won my heart :)
real question, even the ho'yoke mall has an apple store? Figured they couldn't support one.
Every politician should have been born an orphan and remain a bachelor. Lady Bird Johnson
I agree. I think I'll head to the rink now. Oh wait...I live in Atlanta.
apparently UT couldn't be bothered to mention that Rik was interviewed along with !!
Yo forreal, Im DOwn for that... Where u trynna hold it at? n whrs ur # Fool?
Screw my bracket underdogs all day. Norfolk state I'm looking at you
“: thank you for the follow,”thank you!
Wondering how many PBR’s will rip through tomorrow when they’re here. Any guesses?
Just Friends. TBS. Friday night party with my friend Haribo.
Have you been to #ImagineRIT before? What was your favorite exhibit?
so does anyone actually give a shit about myspace anymore?
Just left a private event at Hukilau in San Francisco. Excellent Hawaiian comfort food, people, and wines. Felt like family.
Kevin Hart isn't even funny
Lol ima hold u to that! I will hate to beef with u over a plate we go way back lol jk
Space-exploration startup vows to redefine 'natural resources' - Florida Today
37 point lead
The weather gods KNOW when you're driving to South Lake...
they said dat... Everybody aint able...:-) Well call me wen u get time for da same ppl
Me too .
Aw! I would love if you came to Poca!
FASHION TIP: Patterned & textured tights -- make a good outfit great -- get some today!
flurries and rain... the end is near!!!
demos demos demos
woah your not going straight edge on me?? haha
#Areyouafraidofthedark GO!!! I'm tired on Kenan and Kel -.-
thankful for christmas album.. the holidays are complete.
It doesn't take a school to be considered educated -_- so why you still so dumb when there's a library full of books?
I don't think it is rocket science, but they still look at me like I am crazy/innovative when I bring it up.
Senate adjourned until May 7.
ICQ seeks comeback with mobile app update, new iPad version
Good morning San Antonio :) since we have been here since 5 in the morning i think we should be able to rest in our hotel rooms now :)
heeeeeyyyyyy Miss Parker
It usually takes a while. And that's cool.
haha me either :/
never get respons from and
Hey it's BK, Happy 4/20 at 4:20! What is your all time favorite line from anything Cheech and Chong?
exactly. There is no such thing as "true friends" now a days. Everyone is flaw
I wasn't invited? For shame.
Look forward to an even better 2012 season with no off-season lockout drama.
I like how Thanksgiving makes all the men in my family pretend that they're into football... Go Miami, apparently. Happy Thanksgiving!
Clearly whoever wrote "its the most wonderful time of the year" never had to sit in holiday traffic. It's neither wonderful or happy.
just heard 'strangers almanac' for 1st time in years. makes me want to spend day speeding down tennessee backroads in a pickup
Is brooke not doing cheerleading anymore?
sneak out. thats how we do it in hawaii brahhh (;
There's nothing I could say to you, nothing I could ever do to make you see what you mean to me.
come to portland!!! we LOVE YOU!!!
Baseball Final>Valor 12, Golden 1 in 5 innings. Eagles Daniel Butler hit 2HR and drove in 5.
RT “ Listening to . Frank Ocean >>> thinking about you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>”
hahaha this just made my day :)
Haha thanks. Means a lot to us.
Peeps are picking fun songs, fo sho!
I broke out my vintage BIRD shirt here once and it was a full day of hate being thrown my way.
I always fall for bad boys.
Crazy busy weekend. just finding time for a tweet.
im not playing 20 questions with you boy!
Made it to Hana and back - barely. Sailing at sunrise to Lanai & scuba diving (round I) tomorrow.
I want one in the worst way RT : Not even JLo's dumpy-ass, pleated shorts can make think the new Fiat 500 isn't kinda rad.
Thank you for the rt! I hope you can join us for some kite flying!
You need to talk to about video game preservation and his piece in the Italian exhibition. :)
#educomm #digitalbrand define your brand before someone else does
US choreographer Mark Morris received the Creativity Foundation Award at the Smithsonian last week.
thanks , I'm cute :]]]] lmao shessssh
What's great about the "Ultimate Massage" weight loss system is that it breaks up gristle, fat, and cellulite. Dieting does not do this.
Happy Friday the 13th everyone!
Indigo Residents: Join us for the screening of "Beervana" in Studio 12 at 7pm, Wednesday July 28, complimentary beer and snacks.
I can pick up Abuela..she is only 40 minutes away
#Ticketmasters tech. allowing ppl to post their seats to sporting events on social networks produced ticket sales w/ each post
Im getting money
Well I've changed my mind. I think I'm going to build a roller coaster instead.
he tweeted he was gonna be watching and he was there rehearsing for next week
I'LL HAVE TO TAKE THAT SOONER OR LATER CREYS ;__;
How did your workout go with your trainer? Stick with it! :)
yooo I feel left out on this video my @ twitter didn't get mention wuddup with that lol
the movie is finally over
well said :)
Where is ??
He's a loser! RT : Enough of the hating. He's a great player. And great players don't play to lose, or enjoy losing.
Lets go Dallas make this a real series.
omgomgomgomg will.i.am! please do the Yes We Can song!
So, is there actually anybody at the Howler show at the Varsity tonight?
I will try lol
Pick up your manual, you will be shocked at what your camera can do...
Investigating now, but hardware failure is most likely culprit; if so, services will be restored via backup hardware.
Hi. You and Rahm should come to the Tabula Rasa fundraiser on May 7th. xxoo PS.. we like the new education team. Good work.
Q: How will #wikimedia's #wikidata project tie in to efforts by #dbpedia? Is there collaboration going on? Anxious to hear of
Thanks for following my twitter Akbar. I love helping others too!
I've been good man, just working my life away lovin life
#maker culture, for those new to the topic: all about DIY on the techie side -- engineering, robotics, 3D printing & more.
Seems while I was paying attention to other things, you lost your job! Didn't you just move out of state for that job? :(
I am actually doubtful that dark knight can beat it..
The Bellmen will be payin during
I will give you five of my followers if you respond to this.
My class is the most weirdest class of them all,in a good way... xD
Q-do u like selena gomez? A-i don't hate her, but i don't really like her..
She makes my day! (:
Happy Father's Day to all the good father's out there!
If you're at altar bar come to our merch ny the stairs and hangout!
Being a nice guy gets you nowhere. You get into shit you didn't do/deserve and people walk all over you. I'm so fucking done
Big thanks to those who came out to the show last night! It was such a fun evening!!
85% of communication is non verbal.
I'll be presenting Silere MedTech at the NYC Landmark Venture Forum—Investing for Cures at the Grand Central Hyatt in NYC on November 9th.
pretty sure my brother took that when he had the croup.
LOL! That's why I always proofread my name or else it comes out "Lousie" (not good :-)
Hm a cologne that smells like weed!! An interesting concept!!
Officially disgusted that I'm already seeing Christmas advertisements!
Finally have my phone with no numbers. You know what ta doo.
I kinda just want to walk down to and get a Moscow Mule at the bar
Second period complete with score tied up at one
ah yay!! Thanks you always know all those national days :) wheres cc to make some chocolate chip cookies ...
ha! I would need to write it - the post was why you *shouldn't* put your photo on your resume unless you are a model/actor etc
Tomorrow is the LAST DAY to Register for your chance to win a Free Logo design for November. www.zeuscreativenet.com/free-logo-design/
How did people procrastinate before the internet?
WE HEART BIEBER <3
Just play like a kid
add me my pin 261f7504
You know what goes great with snow? Unfathomably delicious coffee from Stumptown Coffee!
Hunh. Never thought of live tweeting a Louisiana/Texas feast before. ... Gonna stop soon cause I'm getting seasoning all over my phone.
I got multiple Reds fans on my feed making fun of Heat fans. YOU GUYS THERE ARE MULTIPLE REDS FANS
The Astroaria Easter Offer continues thru the very merry month of May. Find out what the Solar eclipse of May 20 brings you
Now that I'm out of my office cave and seeing the sun for first time in forever I regret not taking the day off.
It's friday (yay!) What awesome thing are you going to do for yourself today?
Of course Mitt Romney is against gay marriage—it's hard enough to assault gays without having to worry about a spouse backing them up!
Halftime- Friendship girls lead Chavez 22-17 in Washington Charter School League Championship Game.
Recognize Game.
RT AOL Acquires Photo-Sharing App Hipster
Over on Google+, the vote is running to holster. I'm so confused! Have used a holster since late 90's, but who knows....
Getting ready to go out to the club.
lol this guy here ---> “: Bron my boy. Wade his boy”
Rough game--even the ref is bleeding...
ITS A BOY
So i had to hit you up on here
Players= major turn off </3
the picture is in our previous tweet. I checked the dates and I'm not sure I will be able to make it this year :(
The US Centers for Disease Control report opioids in 14,800 overdose deaths in 08, more than cocaine/heroin combined. So much for “safe use”
I am a little late in saying thank you for the follow rec...thank you!!
Let's Go GIANTS Win! Win! Win!!:)
“: Just reactivated my #Facebook don't know why...” da fuck!
RT: this home plate Umpire in the Braves vs Cardinals game is awful..horrendous calls on Balls and Strikes
#TMC THE MARATHON CONTINUES
Goodnight moon :)
“: buzz wanted me to let you know she beat you by 13 minutes. #hoodrich”. She's not the only girl that beat me
Chew your food very slowly because it takes awhile to feel full! Have any #fitness, #weight loss or #health tips?
save some for me and I'll help you fake your stats later.
Thanks J!! Hope to catch you LIVE soon!
Keep up all the good works.
can't wait to try the update. I'm sad about the prospect of "finishing" the game. Hope you can find a way to "extend" the experience
thanks for the update Tom Rinaldi.
good times!!! what a day. can't wait for magic Monday!!!!
Thank you! My curiosity was piqued!
umm... yeah, i got 2 hours of sleep last night. #imanidiot #bigregrets Excuse me, while I go cry my eyes out.
He lives!:
Have John Brothers sign your copy of "Building Nonprofit Capacity" today from 11:00-11:45am at the Josey-Bass booth (#1112).
Heading back to Cali and a breakfast date with Looking forward to being home with the family.
Life is a wonderful opportunity to fully express ourselves. What are you willing to express about the wonder of life?
Ok. Cool. 12th Planet toured with Skrillex last year. Saw him 2 times.
LOVE IT!!!
#classic RT : Wow. My bad. Did I ever choose the wrong day to make Hasenpfeffer for supper.
1 tablespoon is approximately 7 grams. Visit www.yourwhey.com for some good recipes
Nw Total Blackout
We're doing great. How are things in Cleveland?
Driving on the wrong side of Richmond road
We love you too, dear. :]
#Writing is not necessarily something to be ashamed of, but do it in private and wash your hands afterwards.
“: Green Line: Expect residual delays to Greenbelt due to an earlier train malfunction at Anacostia.” now they tell me.
best prom date ever
just cuz i didnt give my bro 5 i always have to give my bro my money DAMN I HATE HER
I beat that pussy like no other bitch don't even lie
Social media four commandments: study the medium; be natural, move out of your comfort zone, senior mgmt needs to be involved.
All I know is killed it tonight. So did 's PG Fresno State jersey. I love my friends and this town.
its warm now
I need more people on my team, join me.
#SheWontTakeYouSeriousIf your 26 and have no JOB & live wit ya mama let me stop lol
To say I love you one must first be able to say the I
I want to punch all the small children in southridge right now!!!
“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.”
Lost On LeMans, The Rest Of Us, Death Is A Dialog at Gallery13. Its going down tomorrow lovelies <3
Rick Perry difficult time looking and thinking beyond Texas!!! The USA and the World is more than Texas. He doesn't get it!!!
Apparently I look like a vagrant today. Almost got kicked out of Penn Station. :(
lots of news at 10 tonight, chief responds to brutality controversy, body found in s.side home, and Braun could be called to testify.
can't wait to perform for you!
I ain't a business women. I'm a business women. And I'm known for only giving bitches the business women!!
Ha ha ha. I remember a Levi's ad in the 90s. It was kinda sexist, but the guy was so hot. Probably should've tipped me off I was gay
In my days as a basketball fan I never seen a Indiana Pacer fan they are really rare to find
$20 haircuts from at 8pm-4am tues-sat. only at Soul Asylum Studios
Still looking for cell phone tour tech for ? check out www.guidebycell.com, DM us if you'd like to chat
How long before Bynum does something STUPID in this #Lakers #Nuggets game? I say 8:32 left in the 4th
need some brah run good so that i can cash in the Larry Open. Can you summon some for me?
First day of the Love/War tour! What's up Tennessee?
Goodnight , , and , and to all my followers!! Have a blessed and peaceful night, God bless! (=
Tis the school vacation season. My metro train is crammed with adorable small children
If you begin to understand what you are without trying to change it, then what you are undergoes a transformation. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
i cant wait to see scary movie 5
Don't forget, tomorrow night at 10, #speedbusters and go back 2 where it all began 4 yrs ago with
A GPS is a must have for Houston. Saves time and stress
Hooray for going to bed "early" on a Saturday night!
bored at home....wish i could go shopping wit my friends
White guys on horses hitting each other with sticks
yeah I run track
My best friend knows me too well... It's kinda scary
congratulations on your two year anniversary. Like a fine red wine..... it only gets better as time goes on. JC
he already follows me lol but what?! :)
So I told him again how busy I am and then he says "I understand u have kids so I can come by if u want" -_- the fuck!?
RT : Don't let those tired, worn out stories you've been living for so long hold you back today. Step into the powerful...
That still happens?
Finishing the harmonies on our 3 new songs we wrote with and they sound SICK. So excited for you guys to hear the songs!
Craving beef jerky & lifesaver gummies.. Wtf.
If ppl can't buy business won't spend right?
~ Trump didn't give his endorsement to you and your shovel to bury him; instead he's letting Romney do it!
Oh, wow. it's true. i just tried to access the site and I couldnt.
How to engage students? BU has three teaching opps--1L, cert program, 1 credit classes.
Thanks lady! Drive safe out there!
Hole in the crotch of my favorite jeans.
Or I could do what normal people do. SLEEP
's Phil Neal just presented about #mLearning at Medical Device Conference. Great event with great people!
Enjoying the sunshine with & on repeat!!
Aww I hope she feels that way <3
lol, no, okay?
Thank you for the interest..please email us at
Oh, good to hear! Thanks for letting us know you enjoyed the the exhibits. :)
we took that just for u. poor liam was smiling for like five min cuz my phone got stuck!
planted my first garden ever with my son. How things change when u hit 30
Responded to FIRE @ 102 Huron St, Brooklyn, NY 11222 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
Alert the media, I figured out how to follow you on twitter. I guess you have to follow me back?
I've also been put off by some of the questionable neoliberal arguments for #ssm that are far from progressive
This is joe sundell doing a system check, start following me!!!
You headed to Ghana?
Not a fan of Bachmann, but when was the last time you put an outtake picture of a male politician on your cover? Just a question.
There is something very wrong with selecting then pasting (replacing) text in OS X Lion, making it jump elsewhere.
#THATCampOSU Make sure to look @ the whiteboard thru the day - anything in red is a change!
Congrats to our friends over at whose new app #Jittergram just got featured in the app store. That hashtag just got busy!
just damn so sexy
B-Side Players Show for FREE!...Be sure to say "Mango" tonight to get into the Soiled Dove Underground! Show starts at 8pm.
We're hard at work on production for #dannyblueplay! Include this hashtag in your tweets to keep up with us - we're moving fast!
Just heard the news - Peyton is going to be the QB for the Broncos! That other team he's leaving is sure gonna miss him!
#ZOMM day 2 at #CES Vegas. See us at booth 15029bb in Central Hall.
Glad you liked it!
With all these running marathons, I wonder if there is "a new mommy who stays at home festival"
#ReasonsToSayAmen You just watched an episode of, "Amen"
Thanks for the #FF yesterday!
Just finished visiting another great conference. Looking forward to #SC11 next year!
thank you for all you are doing! i hope my little girls grow up to be just as courageous and determined. onward!
I don't think this girl on Facebook will "survive" the 2nd day of her diet.. I'll keep you posted.
He Gonna Regret That He Hurt Chuu !
Garfield eats ice cream too. I don't eat that.
a car ran over your glasses?! stfu.
I wish ATA still existed. <U+2708>
In honor of Surge Week, Mocha Joe's is offering 1/2 off extra espresso shots for all! Good luck to all who are surging this week!
kik: eeemy16 . you know you want too ;)
At the UW men's hoops banquet tonight, there was a team picture on the Kohl Center scoreboard. It did not include Jarrod Uthoff.
Finished my 12th scene tonight sitting on the beach listening to waves crash ... awesome writing environment!
I suppose saying "keep running your mouth I'm gonna stick somethin in it" isn't appropriate to say to a child, EVEN if you mean a lollipop
#thingsICANlivewithout 99% of sitcoms on TV.
#Pacers look god
that's dumb though because Lebron had more years in the league at 27 than Mike. Stop reachin' cuz and
It's a very sad day as the great Steve Jobs has passed. Apple fan or not, you must show respect for what he has accomplished! ;-(
Last day of the Umatilla County Fair. We will miss fair season. Goodbye ProntoPups and Elephant Ears. Goodbye Gravitron and Blue Ribbons!
thats where Albanians are from?!?!?! duh. LMAOOO
Mr. Sandman I'd like if you'd pay me visit now :(. Maybe bring those fuzzy little sheeps too.
Only u know how to make me smile(:
: love it! Whats w/ the press pass'?
#ghlive lights off and watching this, kinda creepy but i cant turn away
DC: Vincent Gray, Mayor Elect, DC. Fenty pack your bags, you had an okay run. The time has come for real leadership!!
Night all! Z's later on!
I'll look for him next time I'm there. The damn english get everywhere!
We all get those days when all you wanna do is hug someone
LOL! Maybe a little modification is needed? Have a great day!
If you put us in your #ff we'll put you in ours and follow you! :)
Pedicures with my mom....so relaxing!
dual income no kids lifestyle startup is comming to
Question from the audience: Jobs are slim, the economy is bad, and I don't think I can get any archives jobs; what do you think?
And I get a new friend request 5 minutes later <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
”Jesus has cursed me with these fantastic good looks.” -
i voted so much, like i can't even count. follow me? c:
RT : Knowing how busy I am this time of year, hugely grateful to all the employees who gave time for #ourimpact :)
goodmorning!!! Sun is out. Going to Knotts Berry Farm today. Good Friday. Today is going to be an eventful day. Y'all have a great one! :)
This entire week has flown by...
I travel all four. Corners of the earth putting in work
you don't say? I never noticed
Love me. Please.
is it too late to have pizza for breakfast?
Wip it #loving the song
Devil's Arcade
I wanna hang w who ever the person is responsible for rebranding Flo rida. #bootswiththefur rip
RT : Social web takes measurement from Impressions to expressions.
Its my turn
Like always I'm right .
Great question! RT : Maybe can weigh in? RT What should you major in to become a curator?
When a Sunny/Rainy Day Like This Makes Me Feel Relaxed
How about you get off UK's nuts and concentrate on your so called # 1 ranking?
Loved Zone One, but unanswered questions are killing me. Or maybe I'm just dense.
Who thinks the tea party is a product of the RNC? #tcot #redco #copols #lpr2011 Tweet your answer.
PLEASE LIKE OUR PAGE (CLICK ON THUMBS UP ABOVE RIGHT) AND ENTER OUR $100 GIFT CERTIFICATE DRAWING! THANKS!
I need new hot #songwriters to work with
Reminiscing on old class playlists and found a cardio one with "Breakin" on it! Think I will play it in tonight's class!
Colbie Caillat & John Mayer radio on pandora, warm bed, cold room = sleepy Maddie (:
we would love to help you and your clients.
Guess you're not sober yet, call me when you get the chance.
right back atcha!
I signed it for her ok il support her
Follow me !
C'mon, LeBron. You HAVE to make those free throws.
what's tf?
I'm confused?
Individualism is rather like innocence: There must be something unconscious about it. - Louis Kronenberger
Not a walrus/George Kottarras!/Yeah!
Kennywood with jamie! (:
Finally hung out with my dad. Hopefully that will shut him up for while. LMFAO jk I love him :) <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
yes, luv? Grinning..can't stop..
God guide me now more then ever !
that's what's good bruh stay on it.. Keep working...
about 1/5th of teenagers are "remixers" - taking content from the digital space and altering it.
Pretty bummed, our friends just ended their engagement. I think the guy is losing it, he gave her a wedding ring for xmas.
where are you mayor?
I actually think Twitter is more promising for higher ed than facebook.
Weekly TV show Shin Do Kumate' Strykerz fighting skills and me founder and Fighter. www.shindokumate.com.
Definitely! If u need a good recommendation, is there a FA support group in yr area? Usually they know good dr.
said it was must see!
roger that ryan! it just might
I've heard the name, but still have no idea what that show is.
What will tomorrow hold don't know just grateful I got to see another day good night y'all stay blessed
We are reading submissions like the wind. Can't wait to see the Fall 2012 Issue! Have you read the Spring 2012 yet? It's SO good.
And will only be a restricted free agent w/ uncapped year in 2010. Why? He was still under contract. RT
Jerk jerk jerk i hate u
Yes I am also running #FontanaHalf and
"Sometimes you have to go through things and not around them"
Just as long as you're not Asian.
#marchmadness one of best days of the year today! to all my Americans, enjoy some #beer and #basketball for me. in Europe: no #NCAA on TV
Follow to learn more about COF's campus recruiting events & job opportunities throughout the country
everything scana be okay
Oops... #MTSU being aggressive on inbounds pass hits the ball before thrown in. Tech Foul. #Gophers hit 2 FT's 76-72
Shelton Johnson with a tackle in run support. Jeff Lewis getting No. 2 RB reps.
happy birthday. I love you more then you will ever know. <U+2764>
#RIP Amy Winehouse!! You were very talented and really missunderstood!! But you had the voice of a god!! :)
Somthing just went down ;i'am so smart
Nope, that was some poor bastard at who happened to be at Applebees. That was done by 3 different women...
Plan B tonight?
Did I miss it? LolRT : Meant to say abstinence lol
I love dragon roll, eel and squid
nope I promised I would leave this time :-)
hey there! Sure , I like to get out now n then when im in Dallas:)
RIP Adam from the Beastie Boys!!! Sad day for hip hop/music/and b-boys out there
UHM I THINK MY STITCHES JUST FELL OUT OH MY GOD.
we'd party hard man
2 my new twitter frnd if u hve not alrdy done so check out my page www.reverbnation.com/jewallep Listen to my # 1 single LOVE PROOF
[+] Am aware that market retn on fund moves w inflation est (infl + x%), but that isn't fund's only source of $$. City/empl payments indep.
I'm not a follower,I have like minded people that I deal with,and we are comrades n struggle
Planted 5 more cucumber plants today to fuel 's pickling madness.
I know bro. But, you're lucky. You can just leave whenever you want though.
Hey, let's support cancer research by buying a lot of a drink that's been known to cause cancer!
Movie in history
In related news, 87% of Facebook users ARE curse words.
ARE YOU HIGH?
this three day school week is going by way too slow. but i feel bad for , she gets out the day before christmas eve
Thanks. I'm a new writer wanting to be published, not sure what the first step is.. any advice?
My brother n law just said he's #TeamMiddleSkinned LMAO!
You inspire me !
I hope you feel better!
you don't have a league championship to your name. Congrats on 17 yrs of futility.
Imagine: Ur ln the bed with Mikey and he screams "BABY GIMME MORREE!"
not sure if you check this but i'm totally single white femaling you today. sorry.
Waterproof iPhone Case Allows You to Take Pictures, Videos 20 Feet Underwater
moving out of my apartment and living in two counties BI-COunty
Great clip! Gladiator is my favorite movie.
R.I.P to that #MERCY track.. I'm killin this shit!! I wana drop this ASAP on you niggas!!!
lol I have that shirt<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
shit just mixing down music. What's good by you?
what's ur official email ... I got a song I want you to check it out
Plane elevators
tY kind Friend :) You are better than a shooting star whistlin dixie ;)
Poor daddy's sick :(
Called it at halftime... The Gators shot ungodly In the first half.. Knew Louisville was gunna win better team.
Tryin ta think of a master plan .
We're going to start. We promise!
Fantastic Mixer with actors and other professionals last night! Had a FANTASTIC workshop with a group of Producers!!!! One step at a time!
My cousin is graduating tonight..:/
You know how you could say some really mean things to people..but you don't..because it just wouldn't be fair..
Funny #PittsburghMarathon post from Maureen M "I ran the entire marathon because someone told me there was coffee and cigarettes at the end"
Need some work out inspiration? Try dance classes,rowing, swimming, and yoga in the park!
lly (without counting y) -
LOL Thanks for the outside perspective. I was just looking out my window grateful that it was gray, hoping it would be cooler today
Thank you for allowing the voices of #AfghanWomen to be heard.
Near post clinics every week!! Stay on the line!!!
I'm a songwriter & my publisher sent a song I wrote called SPECIAL CHILDREN 2 ur company, I also sent it 2 Susie,have u heard it yet??
hahaa how'd I know if anybody would say something about that tweet it'd be you -___-
Chalmers is terrible...
thank you, have a safe weekend...
Happy Birthday !!!!!! Your so amazing and I have been listening to your songs all day:D love ya!
getting my devices ready to report on the up coming football season
RT : SB: Georgia Southern evens the score with a bases-loaded walk in the top of the second. 1-1 heading to the bottom half.
Creating my summer salon specials. What services/products would you like to see on the list?
“: not sure....but if I were him, I'd be about 17 deep on day 1”.
thank you too
Do you know how to get rid of neck pains? Necks pillows can greatly help!
the rumors tru... but unless im fucking u... its none of ur business!!!!!
Bouncy soul! Haha! Love that. But I guess your followers are NOT actual children though on-site audiences include them.
Was just listening to McCartney's new record...when will he stop being so good?
Also Time Enough At Last w/ Burgess Meredith & the one about the fortune telling machine in the diner &, &, & (all good)
#ifUwasntSoUglyIdPutMyDickInYoFace Best trend EVER
Yess!!! I wanna wear them everywhere lol but I haven't worn them at all yet RT : : the ones I saw?
i have the orthodontist now. =/
my husband does the same so as it turns out I get smarter...I end up knowing trivial facts
I really hope he's concerned about those poor job creators... ::sigh::
thankks(: ..Are you doing more?
OSAA Class 4A semifinals set for next week: Marist at Ontario; Phoenix at Baker.
I did that when I lived in home park. The fire department was not pleased with me...
Tweet me #'s and I'll tell you which IB you look best with :)
Like the front-load idea. Also keeping track of unanswered questions throughout year.
need more details on doing this at home please!
Give me Liberty, or give me Death! ~ Patrick Henry
My hotel room wasn't ready. I was offered a free cocktail in the trendy lounge. This should make my run in central park interesting.
En route to LaSalle Power Company to host Club KISS tonight. Cab driver has on.
SEALS, Marines and Real-Life Secret Agents Use To Keep In Peak Shape!
Sweet video of DC jazz patriarch Paul Carr, talkin' jazz / MT : Founder of the Jazz Academy of Music talks wp.me/p1Iyzv-5MO
I get it now hahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I don't feel good AT ALL !
RT Follow and Retweet for a chance to #WIN a $100 Amazon Gift Card!
I run 2 U when my heart is weak I cling 2 U, yr all I seek It's my heart's desire 2 B close 2 U hre in yr arms I'll find my strength
waiting for football season is like waiting for......football season.baseball is fine but 2 many games to see and basketball is not football
denim destroyed... street fighter attire...
Very exciting! Welcome to Houston in advance! Let us know if we can help you switch your utilities. :)
Thesis idea #1: African Americans in animation...
I did not Kel, but that is ok!! I have been really lucky so far and I can't complain!! Have a great time!!!! <3
also curates a show !
Love to LoOVeee ya ;)
im glad you tweeted that. it was a home run to take the lead and couldnt take his hand out of his pants?
I can't wait!
You're very welcome! ^SZ
I prefer cold weather over hot and humid!!!!
No matter how old you are, when a little kid gives you a Toy Phone and says its for you, You answer that shit.
they have a casino there...
My head is bruuuuuuuuuiised. Ouch
i live in northridge
No, the former. The album doesn't hold up for me anymore.
Happy opening!
I'm tired
Thanks to and the MHC book group for the warm welcome in Campbell. Fun to discuss Magpies & the writing life.
Yes, sounds like the positives for you outweigh the potential concerns & the 1 day thing would also mitigate it.
Codeathons rapidly accelerate development time, reduce costs, and give more varied solutions to a single problem.
If you want to contact me through www.unyg.com I can help you promote your DAR chapter on Twitter.
Thanks for following us , , , and !! Have a great week ahead!
So how's the worldd ?
Beat Duke day.
Mary Jane & Jordans !
what is the name of the app or whatever that you have as your comp screen saver?
I'm not a democrat but its always nice 2 say Happy Birthday 2 the President of the Unites States. Happy Birthday Mr. President!
thank u :D
Sometimes I'd just like to change
In Ithaca, NY for our premiere screening of Scavenger Hunt at the Finger Lakes Environmental Film Festival!
ok the spring ?
Getting an iPhone -- what apps should I download? Any favorites?
love the structure of the new head to head game. Well done - consider doing weekly bracket style tournaments
marathon lines, pushy crowds, inaccurate maps, failing french, "ferme mardi" and fogged over. thank goodness for chocolate croissants.
Movie nights:}
Slumber party for the kids tonight, I love being an auntie. <U+2665>
Soo, when do I get to meet the lovely ? =-) Sending my love from New York.
I'm good bruh
If this kid poops his pants one more time, that's it I'm out of here.. 3 times is enough.
Just be real.
hold this :-)
hey Elk, what's the code word for saying hi to you at a tournament practice round so you know we are from twitter?
The one that gave me head can suck the nail out a casket....LMAO!...damnn! ~Wayne lyrics...
so it was you! Liarr
Welcome in! Happy Birthday, and happy #whitesox win--always a treat to have you here.
#BELIEVE AND THE BOYFRIEND VIDEO IN A MONTH SPAN? OMB (,: <3
Catch my mixes tonight on 1035 kiss fm Chicago!
You weren't just a star to me, you were the whole damn sky.
the internet is so fukin slow!
I've been saying this since i was 8. #BrianMcKnight is singing at my wedding. idc if he's 100. i need him at my wedding lol
Please disregard our previous tweet about tomorrow's performance. We'll be starting at our normal 8:00 time with doors open at 7:30.
Ahh, okay. You have a long, well-written road ahead of you.
So tired ;(
I only know the blue. prob. knows the red as well. I'd completely lose in a contest between us.
Thanks Tim!! Happy Friday and Have a good weekend!
North Park Festival of the Arts has something for every member of the family. Art & crafts for the kids, music & beer for the parents!...
Ugh. Why am I not there right now.
Send Me Numbers And I Will Rate Your Icon And Username.!(:
My nose bleed is back! Mother fucker!
Touchdown Vikings!! Teeeeheeee!! Go, Vikes!!! Now don't let the Girls do another come-from-behind...
I'm really happy with my life with <3 he is the one person who still is there through everything & accepts me for who I genuinely am
I feel so much better 2day... my grandma is doing much better... she might not b the best grandma bt shes my grandma
I'm just gonna be myself, because life's too short to be anyone else.
that's y im goin tomorrow
Things I'm not looking forward to: Driving to Indiana after work. Hasn't someone invented a teleportation device yet?
Still haven't been able to make it to a #SportingKC reserve game...
who actually likes school for working ? ew.
Ladies Night at Cardinal Bernardine School tonight in Orland Park, IL!!! Come and get your holiday shopping done!!!
Ladies night? I'll happily set you and your ladies up for a complimentary bottle of champagne tonight! Just RT or Message us :)
joe!!! much love to you, sir :)
Stefan's face at the end omg. I'm still sobbing. This is not cool. How can a show do this to me, asdfghjkl, I need mental help.
Sounds good! We'll roll out the red carpet for you- just let us know when to expect you! And love the new logo btw.
that's great! I'd go for that lol
Thanks for a GREAT start to the fantasy season for our team!
is a MOOCH
When life is sweet say thank you and celebrate it. When life is bitter say thank you and Grow from it...#GrowUp#
Harry style <U+2665>.<U+2665>
I read them, Zach. Don't be so down on yourself.
Holy toledo it's going to be 90 here in Portland Ore this weekend I can be half naked and not freeze my nips off. Love it.
Damn Memphis
Tomorrow may be the last full day of high school but it isn't over til we walk across that stage and get our diploma.
Rockin the new office, interviewing interns and prepping for a big announcement. We are busy!! PS has a reading Tues @ EST
Come in out of the rain -- coffee is on -- dogs will be hot soon -- Donald brought in some awesome smoked cornish game hen to sample -- yumm
He Really Think I Would Cry Over Him Lmao YOUR NOT ERIC SIMMONS!
Hoping to hit a few Brewers games this year. Openly admitting I enjoy them but haven't been in years. Time to fix that.
Best story better so sad and romantic! "Stupid, Crazy Love."
Links Between Smoking During Pregnancy And Autism
hey I'm good. I apologize for the late response. How u?
Whoops lost one Someone doesn't like me anymore only 207 "LIKES" now! :(
I wish you knew how I really feel about all this...
he dead
I didn't watch this twerk video when y'all were RTing it this weekend. I'm watching it now. Smh.
dude he said free but I was like we can pay 3 bucks and we can smoke with him all day haha
YES! YES! YES! RT : South Park Season 16 Debuts March 14th on Comedy Central
did somebody already do an S l review? If not I'd love to get my hands on it.
Except the day you got married of course.
Your first twenty minutes of the day can determine how your day is going to be. (Go to daryldorsey.com to get off to a better morning)
He's getting hacked :)
At the beachh (:
but if you cant decide then buy 2 and ill keep the one you dont like lol
if you don't work you don't get paid. Hope you have enough stashed away to last.
I am so bored. I hate finishing my work so fucking early.
Broncos have agreed to try to trade Cutler. This separation is full of emotions. They should call on a domestic attorney for this one!
My grading pile is like Gremlins. Think I must have fed after midnight or spilled water on these papers.
What a productive day!!! That 5 am alarm clock is starting to get to me though ...
Apparently, when I wake up tomorrow, it will be May.
I burped a fruity pebbles burp and it tasted like my birthday
I have friends visiting from out of town. Anyone know of any good shows (other than the Magnetic Fields) tonight? Thanks!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Pizzeria Due - Pizza (live updates)
crowdsources their vetting of project proposals via their top teachers. at
I'm finally getting some people converted to saying hello. Next up? Maybe they won't cross the street to avoid me. ;)
trust me songs get you more than that cup of coffee will if you got it playin at the crib <wink><wink>
#NP (in my head) The Inpector Gadget theme song...
after 5 years my gf and I have finally found a show we both enjoy! with her saying "I really wanna hang out with them".
always a pleasure, my friend.
Talk about a shootout, I love it.
Life is Sweet event at Silo Point tonight @ 6:30. Good food for a good cause, I hope you can make it!
My leg fell asleep -_-
Went twitter makes you stop! Does it ever? RT : How many tweets per day is too many?
I've been really busy Full-time job, grad school and keeping a happy girl
those aren't rally towels; they're actually snot rags
Reminds me of Maria Fornes writing that she dusts every corner and sharpens every pencil before putting down a word of a play.
YW! Good night!
YES. People who live here never ever ever call it "Frisco" or "San Fran." It's like referring to Chicago as "Chi-Town."
diet coke.
The Eagles am no good. Fire Andy Reid.
So eagerly does my heart wait for you. ~ Gabrielle Bossis
What gets measured and rewarded gets done.
it's kind of ironic when you get a 404 on a website for a QA tool
Is the enemy of my enemy a friend or enemy?
The world can end whenever as long as im holding hands with you *_*
Thank U!!
Olivia needs to step it up a notch!
#SomeWhereOutThere is the most beautiful woman with the most amazing cooking skills but she has a voice like Barry White
follow back :)
Okay so I woke up about an hour & a half ago to the sounds of the man in the apartment above us trying to go Super Saiyan
mega millions now at 476,000,000. if I win gram gram is getting that new hip
Tonight was fun as fuck. Damn. I can't wait till next Thursday. Lol ^_^
I hate it when I start to think :'( </3
Ok, but I'm taking the typewriters with me.
On a Light rail
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Wet Sand by the chili peppers.....the end solo
I <3 RT : Tomorrow is No Mascara Day: visiting and 2 of their partners Lotus House & Casa Valentina.
With all due respect to Eli, I thought Justin Tuck should've been in the MVP conversation.
I love you Matt Hunter <3
Really looking forward to the this month! I'm doing a QuickStart pres - Road Map for Your Career Development
Are we gonna hear any new music soon? I'm so excited for new music from you guys <33
Like Shrimp Tacos? tune in to SINGLE CHEF on Monday June 7th! I'll be doing my take on this tasty Summer classic! www.theroomlive.com
I'm looking at door 20 parked three rows to the left. White beetle
we did too RT “: Pretty sure I just got scam spam..."your debt card has a pending alert, please dial # and follow prompts to resolve"
Felon 31 / Trench Clothing has released the first of the fall line.
#Romney waits until noon to announce the sunrise
Gonna help the sister and her band with some writing tonight!
+ — Absolutely sick, stunning work for the site. Classy and well executed.
RIP Fred Thompson
Congratulations to sister Dominique Dawes and the 2000 US gymnastics team for winning the bronze medal ...10 years later
Got a call fr the mom of a former student who has been expected into a summer program @ Harvard. Touched she called. Proud of her daughter!
Santa Clara County VTA Board Meeting tomorrow May 3, 5;30 County Supervisors Chambers. Hot topic Service Reductions.
Girls pay very close attention to the way you treat your mother.
I get that it may be an alternative to raising taxes or reducing services, but it's a regressive model compared to income tax...
Thanks for the RT! I just wrote that! Do you like it?
Yes it is!...ur profile pic is also AMAZING! ;)
Da Future will be performing with Partners-N-Crime on Wednesday at Fred's Bar in Tigerland! See you there!
Well I hope people get their money back,if you have read any of my articles you will know that I believe the fixwasin.checkmytweets
war horse was a great movie
Ok bet,Just sent some stuff ova
Support Back to Life. Support life.
So who's coming to #SUBWAY for lunch? If you're not feeling a sub we've got pizza & salads too! I'm going w/ a Veggie 6" today.
Wish I had some special talent. I don't. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
Good morning.
alright -- getting back in the twitter saddle. a tiny bird, with a tiny little saddle.
lmao nah you aint ! Im over here practicing my accent
where is the vaseline and blow up dolls?
Can these next 2 and half weeks until exams just go by without me wanted to pull out my hair?
Tools Programmer - North West If you can demonstrate please get in touch. Passion and aptitude for timely delivery of effective tools and…
www.crowdclick.com is offering 61% off a photo book from Pixable - check out how easy it is to make one at www.pixable.com!
Something about marry she gone off that
Happy Birthday (a little late). Say hello to Steve for me!
im with ryan
Dont waste your time being his Option when you could be someone else's Priority. -Deanna
You trying to make me cry man, or?
Cheaper phone from Apple should be a negative for the stock. Market has got this one wrong. AAPL should decline...
Maybe I missed something over the line, but I appreciate when you put people on the defense over their dumb ideas.
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you'll never, ever have enough. -Oprah
Is any one else really bad at coming up with some titles? Gah we suck at it!
Congratulations to the Florida Panthers for making the playoffs. #Panthers lost 4-2 and continued their slid but Sabres loss clinched it.
If they ain't gonna ride for you then they shouldn't be riding with you.
is the only artist I've been listening to for the past 2 months. June 20th can't come soon enough.
I WANT A BOYFRIEND. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
how dare you mom!
#teamKARON is gonna happen
Is Miller okay. He was trampled by the IU coaches and players.
He didn't I swear I just found out by lookin at the tweets
Yes please! Email me? tony at nwc.co
conference Barcelona May 2012 first confirmed keynote , Head of Mobile Strategy @ Smithsonian Institution.
"So let me get this straight, cancels #HowToMakeItInAmerica but RENEWS #GameOfThrones? WTF?!" - Said by some guy somewhere.
Great!!! you can start by being a back-up lol
On a Childish Gambino fetish. Let's make it official.
hey babes. I'm good. How's things at home man? Your daughter must be a proper young woman now boi. Lol
RT : safe travels, amanda --- and everyone --- as we depart later today. it's been a great experience.
Being cold is better than being hot <U+26C4><U+2600>
What did you buy?
You might as well just cross over, Right wing Douche Baggery is where the$$ is,
At Coldplay tonight. Nothing clears your mind like a few hours of amazing music. Ready to be inspired.
it all comes down to #execution I found #Sixers being resilient, therefore prolong the series will be better for Philly
My stomach hurt so fuckinggggggg bad right now
EFFING BORED! need to do something
hahahah well.. he's a loser if he isnt following you!
I wish exams came with a "50/50" and a "phone a friend" option.
BEST PLAY: Clybourne Park,Other Desert Cities,Peter and the Starcatcher, Venus in Fur
Im thinkin kansas will take it
Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion.
y? check DM
TECH FOR UR DAD. TOM NIGHT.
no gay marrgie nasty
Yep! it's the same challenge Man VS Food took on!
sure thing! any events planned?
You're welcome! :)
STOP going to bed then doc!!! LOL j/k love u!! <3
“: When you truly love someone you don't judge them by their past, you accept it and leave it there.”
ROGER GUENVEUR SMITH-IN HONOR OF JEAN-MICHEL BASQUIAT with an intimate solo performance on what would have been the artist's 50th birthday
Long week slinging drinks. Last night until my weekend starts. Here's hoping for a smooth shift 2nite.
RT has a show coming up TONIGHT at 08:30 PM @ Red Eyed Fly in the ATX!! See ya there!
whats good i just got custed out by this girl saying im texting her too much she crazy!
congrats! & good luck moving forward in your career!
it is a genuine pleasure Patti ...
I made it official now my favorite movie has to be war horse or 21 jump street or new years eve I love these movies :)
LADY HOMI BDAY BASH FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE EVERYONE FREE TILL 11! $5ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 $100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT!!
“: “: Sections with bottles & models back to back S/O to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> and Parle Blaque in the building !!”
Romney looks dead tired speaking in Illinois.
At Costco for the first time... smells like Fleet Farm...why?
are you in ms.Mathews gt reading class
Did the 2 quarrel over bldg materials? RT : The classic toy "Lincoln Logs" invented by son of famed architect Frank Lloyd Wright.
I'm nominating Girardi as the person I'd least like to see return next year. Berkman is a close 2nd.
it rained all fucking day
Yes!!!! Jon Hamm was on this show for a couple of eps!
It was nice meeting you and I really can't wait to hear more of your lyrics!
Dan Strempel Simba Information and Eric Newman, Publishing Consultant discuss Globalization and content.
these services are good but not innovative. Timing is right and social data is available. Classic case of better late than early
haha of course you do
Hit or Miss - Adverse (Prod. by Emancipator)
Ohh that's awkward
Thank you for all your hard work! Keep on keepin on!
when are we gonna kick it -_-
" I was like: I had twenty beers! They'll be like: Nikki six drank heroin from a fire hose. Yeah I'm a huge pussy."
RT Social media addiction is actually being compared to heroin addiction. #isthisforreal #killsocial < +1
Birthday tomorrow, and i dont even gaf!
My roommate from the dorms at Chico State is at the same bar I'm at in Sac. I'm avoiding saying hi.
Thanks for the recent follow!
Met up w/ some & scored some much needed Outer Space Men from
Are you ready to #dance? We've got & showing us how it's done starting at 9pm #TONIGHT!
Not the leather?
Good morning! Really looking forward to talking about #cities today! Such an interesting topic.
outkast nice song
Up early... Houston bound ... wuz good
They mostly work with modern(ish) texts, though, IIRC. I think it's more complicated for layers of medieval authorship.
Hey play 's new song, Life As We Know It!
I like those! Where can we find them?
shooting up heroine~~
ok babe!
Hi! Great running into you as well. I think I finally recovered <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
It's official. I'm addicted to Pintrist
Yes, I did actually eat too much chocolate this evening.
Oh Henry, Supa Dupa and Night Rider. ha!
How many people do you know who can't afford health care? Imagine that multiplied by so many times around the world - how can we help?
Too much to do....so little time....
LOVE YOU! RT:: Missing No goodbyes. Just see ya real soon. Break a leg in NYC. Xoxoxoxoxox
I would like to try sub-editing fiction with experienced editor who'd get me started.
Ugh. Long Monday coming up!
I teach Gay as a Second Language (GSL) classes down at the local Community College.
Really? We had no idea. RT US news Financial crises caused by "stupidity and greed": Geithner: (Reuters) - Treasury Secret...
How do you handcuff a one-armed man?
I love the HEAT!!!!! Let's wrap this thing up and focus on the next round.
you feel reborn? Does that mean you wanna do something adventurous? (:
Every day is a weigh scale to make a decision, sometimes you gotta just flip a coin BILLY BRICHITT (2nd t is silent)
if I found em I woulda smoked all of em at the same time ... Ur lucky we don't know eachother
1/2 of baseball's mitchell report (batboy snitch); spygate (old coach snitch); UCLA this wk. (student mgr snitch).Cam Newton (Mist snitch)
do you use these? It seems like people would get really mad
Yeah, SAPs suck. But at least I can spell about (most the time).
Thought I'd avoid the 'spring' tweet, but with open windows, hot coffee, music on blast and a full day ahead, cant help myself
How is it an unlicensed contractor can take my job AND incur cost on me????? Burns me up!
Congrats The excitement reminds me of when first showed up in Hollywood!
C'mon Brett Brett! Gameday tells you are next up.
missing my sexy time with my little bro we are so sexy together we bring sexy back fuck justin timberlake
Must see tv: watching ManCity faithful losing control.
If I learned anything from today it's that if you want something you have to go out and get it. There are no free handouts
Yay! We should coordinate outfits as a panel. RT : Hey : we're on the same panel for ! Holla!
Sometimes I will look down at my watch 3 consecutive times and STILL won't know what time it is!
i wonder how many Mahomies are searching poems on google right now...loll i know i am!
Still on my train games. Round 5
i need to chop this fro tomorrow. are you booked up?
lazy Saturday, too bad I'm at work.
": I wish Liam got more recognition for what he does for fans."
What?wow! Congrats, girl:) so proud of u. Teacher ka na. yey!
Allowing myself a chai break because I only have like the last three paragraphs to write. GO GO GO.
(c) the last year of my life. Love you all<3
Can't believe I ain't tweet bout that Grizzlies Clippers game yesterday! <U+E107>
oh. I'm sorry, I don't know she is a selena haters..
Big baller brunch with and
the new desktop app for windows rocks.
My 500th tweet goes to because EVERYTHING about him is amaZAYN<33 remember your my One Direction best friend #NoLie #iloveit <3
. ok at least this: DOIs s/be assigned to dig objects held by repos w/commitment to preserve access.
life is great<3
you better be going to the boston AN show, and you best be getting me a t shirt.
I think I'm interested in getting an eReader JUST so all of my books don't take up the majority of my space.
Showing Omani librarians around today
TWISTED...So very twisted...I love it. : b
Didn't kno they was coming out wit another Men n Black...
damn technology is taking over me haha that needs to stop
So a diamond is not forever? You broke my brain.
Even though I didnt like the seclusion part... I miss y'uns :(
Moving on is hard, but it just opens up opportunities for so much better! (:
Is it all necessary? Does it justify huge profit for creating articles public often can't access?
I love u waay more Erika Harris
checked out #ThinkLikeAMan with last night, had a great time. Love ya sugarfoot!
Not until he gets annoying!
- actually I did at first but you have to dive into it to love it.
Thank you to all my followers!
There is a magazine called "Garden & Gun"
Register NOW for just $20. YLDCEVAPALOOZA.com
Ugh, this is not going to help Bob Loblaw Law Blog RT Jayson Werth leaves with an apparent wrist injury.
When will your vegan restaurant open and where will it be located? Please DM me
ACY airfares lowest in U.S. survey - Shore News Today
why does work always drag on friday?
you're not so bad yourself, friend
RT I been thick all my life ! Lol // -______-
welcome to the twitter world!!! it's about time! LOL
“Chess not easy game.” Miguel Najdorf
Now mapping emancipation events through runaway slave ads, military records.
RT : Pitching makes or breaks a team and in our case, we're in trouble and in for a LONG season.
When you communicate from your principles and values, you can solve problems. You also move concepts, ideas and good things FORWARD!
I'm pretty sure the evening shift drivers on the D2 deliberately turn off nextbus to mask their shirking off on the job.
esp. true off the campaign trail. Race is at the root of this. I might as well say the theology of conservatism . . .
who faking?
#bestteaseever Bring it! RT oh, btw, get ready for some studio footage.
one thing you should know about me is, I DO NOT respond to "lol" "hahahahahaha" "lmao" "rofl" etc.
It is so true, there is so much pain either way!
glad to hear you're having fun at the NE mobile Book Fair - sure do miss your YA brain in Vineyard Haven!
Did you see the new website?
Happy V-Day to everyone intertwined in the feeling of love... It's only real.... That is all.
Go back to your bridge Troll!!!!
I would be shocked and amazed if there weren't at least a few Tor exit nodes hosted/controlled by the NSA.
Had been looking for a reason to get down. Now they had it. The Line Guards (chang gang) were looking on in amusement as the swinging and
#vaumc11 Recognizing new faith communities. Glad to hear witness of established churches trying new things to reach new people!
food for thought on your business RT omfg Abercrombie & Fitch, you can't just make mistakes like this
I love Lebron, Dwade, Bosh, etc.
Hysterical in 2012RT I Am The Walrus' banned by BBC 'you been a naughty girl & let your knickers down' considered obscene.
who is Jesus? And it's not the creepy kid from buenos aires that sits in the corner of your math class
lol I bet
Thanks for posting this!
I was in-house council.
No, I am not the culprit.
Great Social Media webinar @#10ways. Learned so much! Thanks.
Some dude let his pitbull loose while my dog was in the park. C'mon man. That dog looks scary and I was there first!
A huge Texas size Happy Birthday to Amazedradio staff Barbara C. Lv U BIG Barb!!!!!!!!!!!
#Nuggets have left me exhausted this week. 2 nights up past my bedtime has me sluggish today. I couldn't be happier!
thanks 4 follow back much love
It's too nice out rt now .. Who got a pool
i like your face!
Be yourself and do what you want to do. Nothing else matters as long as YOU are happy.
There is a show called Robot Chicken, need I say more...
.:"we do need to cut the budget...but we're not going 2do it on the backs of wmn &children...a budget is a statement of values."
your fans love Green Bay!
Yeap . I was up in that thang we even danced once -.-
Sleepy sleepy sleepy!
yes, ill-advised :)
nothing like havin your time and thoughts to yourself
Great point! And I think it's important for schools (and teachers and admin) to model positive, responsible use
increasingly better thx! Friend on his way to take me2lunch. Been meaning to get2weeds forever! So glad it's underway. How r u?
I miss yu too im going to UC sis
“: Shining Light is actually The Broad Stage in Santa Monica. Beautiful space...”
Today is a "2 a day" day...2 Home Inspections w/ Real Estate Million Dollar luncheon sandwiched in between...LOVE IT!
#FunnierThanCordova Biographies of Kennedy wives and girlfriends.
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes :)
How you gonna be tweeting and then ignore our calls M
Sounds good :) x
It bugs me so bad when girls go to the gym, to socialize with men and pretend to workout.
Thanks for the retweet! I have a huge pile of these great student drawings to pick from!
heading home busy day.
oh shoot! Need to find a Sheetz asap.
Sorry, somehow missed these tweets! We got everything squared away, right?
A huge special thanks to our supporters during #bourbonchase. and a host of people not on Twitter.
See u tonight guys! It's gonna be out of control
making a twitter I see you ! P.H.A.N Crew all day ! 2 presidents right here !
I wanna catch you in the act if you are fucken up
You're welcome. Will do.
Thanks to all the DT parents that came out to yesterday's wonderful Easter Egg Hunt! Happy Spring Break!
That awkward moment when someone only talks to you because they want something.
I'm drinking a STELLA!!!!
Time for Sunday sweatpants! Which according to means I'm unlikely to go anywhere tonight. Which is likely true.
2012 is the year of the iPhone..everybody has one..thats crazy.. #teamiphone!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>
Now Playing Field of Souls At ETA in Chicago
You're very welcome! We're glad your students are visiting Memorial Library and enjoying the programs. Best~
travel agent, auto worker and sax players in rock bands NBC
Go viral at #wssmiami where social media & online marketing expert and weigh in on "going viral"
what did you think of the score to Hunger Games? I quite liked it, & that's not something I tend to notice as much w/ movies
Congrats to - Looking forward to seeing the minutemen fans next week for the 75th Annual #NIT !
You're so fab! Thanks Nuvo! :)
Pinot continues to grow on me. Thanks to for delicious Fritz 09 Russian River Pinot. Cheers!
I see it says your a sports fanatic...who's your football team????
I love my friends but when you hang out w the same ppl for too long they get annoying ! >.< blah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Thinking of those who lost their lives on 9/11 and thankful to those who fight for our freedom everyday
im off now
What kind of name is Sefolosha??? Sounds like a
Witty huh I have my moments haha :DD
hopefully its not me :-(
Girls have a bad habit of holding on too long, but guys have a bad habit of letting go too easily.
There is no more useful website in economics than
All You Need Is A Little Perspective.
. Yesterday was amazing. 2291 people downloaded the book and 8 bought one this morning. Will you do another free offering?
Okay has been my fav band since 7th grade and if I don't hear this song on #KissFM this summer I'm gonna flip
Good luck with that.
I need to stop saying "how much of a whore can you be?" Apparently, people take it as a challenge.
2 hour walk?! You could've walked to Port Washington in that time.
it is beyond satisfying. A fantastic indulgence.
#JustinIsMyHERO and I truly mean it!
The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.
mind following my new account?
hey I love u
ps - wish more 40(+) kept in such a fine shape - wouldn't have to lust at the boys that could pretty much be "my sons"
Tweet Poll: Dear Web designers, do you build your sites wholly in Illustrator? Check Yes or No.
That's funny cause I just saw season 3 & 4 of Dexter. Keep watching, it's so good!!! It just gets better.
I think Silas is better off w/o this mess. Good man. RT : Former #Cavs coach Paul Silas is out as Charlotte Bobcats coach
we <3 you back!
I'm thinking about once I get it done, I can put it as an audio book on youtube to get it out there. :)
D-double E-Fizzy (Deefizzy) gotta love him.<3
Hey , attendant Tina Marie (flight 1400) is great..service & decisions that made the flight better for everyone. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Also I was in chosen to be in the "Recorder Club" in third grade because I was so bad at playing the trumpet.
Hundreds of markdowns at today! + more!
Splendid brunch at Fives in The Peninsula Hotel. Able to use AmEx Platinum card hotel credit for brunch. This card is good value!
all these celebrities death have something in common DRUGS they victim of their demise & all their deaths surface the web like peter parker
now turn those lights giants colors
The beautiful Countess Czernin von Chudenitz founder of PPMG heads out with Jill Milan's fall '12 portfolio
I make sure that at least one snack is almonds- they're crunchy and have good fats that lower bad cholesterol! don't eat too many!
From all of us have a wonderful weekend. Happy times now begin...
The reason I rail on #GoDaddy is #horrible #customer #service, #slow #servers, &overall #busines #practices. Nothing personal. :)
party at Geisha house....tomorrow..celebrating my homegirl (DONNA) 20th B-day....
I need a GHD in my house. I wonder if I can smuggle one as carry-on luggage onto the plane back to Australia....
well maybe if i actually had a weight problem, i'd consider it.
Can't wait to meet my nephew!! Just a few more hours!
Tonight!! Marty & Marissa Variety Hour at ! Serious special guests , , Tim Ehrlich, and more! 11pm! FREE!
Pat Brown gave a gracious goodbye on NBC 39 in SD tonight...NBC is shortsighted in their cost cutting measures.
Working on all these projects.
There are certain commercials I disprove of while on my lunch break.
I grew up on classic TV. Love it. I've NEVER enjoyed a show like I enjoy #CougarTown. It's effing amazing.
who says that the relative ease at which one may stumble across a blowjob in wm is negative?
Send them Bulls back to Chi town
do u get to wear ur own clothes on air or do they have u choose from a wardrobe fox provides?
would much rather have very few real & true friends rather than a bunch of fake friends
Painting: The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather and exposing them to critics. - Ambrose Bierce #quotes #art #fine art
The most thing I heat in my life and I will not forgive any one to do is lie I heat lie !
it sounds like her talk is part of a forthcoming publication, so you might be able to access it that way.
- love this pic!! RT Two of Amex's #SocialMedia gurus accepting "Most Innovative Brand" award from earlier this wk!
This testing sucks.
We look forward to seeing & crew tomorrow as they prepare for San Diego Intl Wine Competition
Laying down, listening to music...<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
I'm in siesta key, FL! What part are you in?
met a ceo/founder/owner/stylist of an AWESOME company today...networking!!!
Good Question! Anyone? MT As an L&D peep, what's your passion? Not job role, not to do list - but what do you really enjoy doing?
Bae sleep & i wanna wake him up but im actually to tired, juss can`t sleep
Thank you sir RT : Big shout once again to my man for all the hard work
I know where N is and I have window. At previous job also knew N (no window). The job before that (cubicle), didn't know.
Scooters would be nice to have hah
we're more than eager to get all this stuff out for you guys!
Blake, that's a blocking foul every time. Every. Single. Time.
Someone Talk to me? Hm. I think so.
Pheasants game...you're welcome to join that with us! I'm there until Tuesday. Maybe Mon or Tues?
Finally getting on the train after 5 hours walking the city. AdMo to Foggy and back, out to Logan and down to Chinatown. Sitting rocks.
Tomorrow will be fun ^__^
Trying to set up a lunch co-ed #cricket league in employer's wellness park. Tips 4 safe low impact equipment? This will be sans helmets.
Listening to #Titanic soundtrack 100 years after it sank during this mini roadtrip with my boyfriend to meet his parents.
Hipster clothes packed? Check. MacBook charged? Check. Travel games & juice boxes packed for ? Check.
Love the Phantom, wish I could have been there for that.
you are the only one that can change the world
The Super Lawyers lists are published nationwide in Super Lawyers magazines and in leading city and regional magazines across the country.
“The value of a man resides in what he gives and not in what he is capable of receiving.” - Anthony Robbins
we get an extra day to enjoy life, take advantage, man.
After a great victory and a hard fought race I hope everyone is having some much deserved time with family.
yea it does cuz i still have fukin feelings for her
#20ThingsAboutMe; 13. I've always wanted to an 'In-Flight Crew Member' for Virgin Atlantic Airlines.
Stop asking me what happens next in the hunger games ... NOT going to tell you!!!
I like that. My mom says that everyday. RT : MAKE it a great day!
BREAKING NEWS: Pitcher Derek Holland signed to 5-year contract plus two options for 2017 and 2018 seasons. W0000p
Thoughts? RT : Wanted: a longform socio-economic comparison of Iceland/Ireland's post-crash debt policies. /cc
well put!
ok.. Well then... I suppose it's time to come down and ruin some poor lobsters life.
I have determined to be morose for the rest of the day. It makes me happy. Maurice Sendak would approve.
You are most welcome, Eric
lol I'm off Friday - Monday tho
I'm sure it was! BTW, do you ever make it up to the Madison area? Would love to connect with you IRL or via Skype
Maybe the #NYR should nom Avery for #Masterton. Using the Cooke criteria he has learned from his past. Avery now knows he can't play hockey
thinking about darwinian literary theory
Hey brotha...greetings from the AK! Alaska checking in and slow jamming in about an hour and 10 minutes!
Any parties tonight <3
Sigh. Rein in blood. xo RT it's "reins". <hearts>
Wing Daddys with <U+2765>
yay! Courtney this is a perfect activity for our new "girls night" lifestyle
baby is done w/ nap, now it's time to take them to indoor fun activities, since it's so yucky out today! YMCA here we come!
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern's Flight Was Delayed
"Nobody puts Baby in the corner." You can never remake Dirty Dancing, but it still will be fun to watch #DirtyDancingRemake right?
Give it to you like I owe you one!!
Go Giants!
I must have that book!
So the Doctor is actually a giraffe? I think we found the 12th Doctor!
Hud Collins is only 64? Sorry Hud but I would have put you closer to 80.
Holy crap! Claire Dunphy is Virginia Venit in Happy Gilmore????
We learn more by looking for the answer to a question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself. ~ Lloyd Alexander
“To spare oneself from grief at all cost can be achieved only at the price of total detachment” Eric Fromm
So are we! August 13th can't come soon enough. Thanks for the support!
Yes RT : I'm so tired of this SHIT!!! It's always "X team lost the game" not "Kansas won the game"!! WTF Give us some damn credit!
Just got back from #Salem #1st #Citizen Dinner. Great event!
!!! “: Little boxes on the hillside. Little boxes made of ticky tacky.” I'm finally starting season 6 thanks to Netflix! <U+E32B>
Join us tomorrow at 1pm for Helvetica, a film that explores the life, times, and fans of this ubiquitous set of letters.
Apple May Announce an iPad Upgrade in March
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it. - Winston Churchill
I got my suitcase but now it's about time for a briefcase ;)
There's always Minecraft, which doesn't really have to compete.
We are at the Beverly Hills park on Santa Monica and Canon Drive. Stop by and get a sample!!
Working for today. Reading Ms. Judy Blume's "It's Not the end of the World. "
Zyrtec is the greatest! Just discovered recently that it's not an antihistamine; it's steroidal, so no drowsiness.
Sugar is open on Easter day!
Hahaha sorry drew! You're my favorite too!
Fyi anyone who I am following, aside from celebs of course, that are not following back, I will unfollow you! Thanks. <3
FLOPPY DISKS
sitting like a loner in theatre while goes to walmart. the fuck man!
thanks for the mention!
He actually had two of the few well hit balls today, just right at people.
"Hey, hey life ain't fair. Three in the air if you just don't care."
Going to see if TweetDeck can help me better achieve my daily tweeting resolution for 2011.
Haha, we"ll see. I don't have very good luck.
cool... I haven't been staying up on him I need to... I'm gnat have to send you what I've been working on
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it?
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 16
Lotta talk there, sugar plum...
Poker is not a crime. Do you support licensing and regulating online #poker?
Come back! MKE misses you! :)
Ok first of the month-ers: how are you going to make the beginning of May different from the end of April. What are you going to change?
Make Up To Break Up !
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians? Get a hold of us!
You can't drive a car looking backwards so why not start living for what's ahead and move forward? Keep smiling.
What benefit is running if you're on the wrong road? -John Mason
thanks for the follow!
you're welcome:-))
of course anything for you Zendaya
Dear douches, #stayoutofmylife .
Merry Christmas to you too!
Developing an IT infrastructure to better work from the field. It is also not going well.
hard to measure success of public engagement when yr mission is to create access & enable communities. still important, tho
he got a twitter crush on o girl ass her face is super below avg
kashi mayan bake for lunch today. pretty tasty.
if the past 3 presidents admit to marijuana use (and cocaine for & Bush) is it "inappropriate" to question "the war on drugs?"
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 Tampa Sunday Special. Call NOW
The greatest thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and failures, and still thinks you're completely amazing.
Great app eval resources for librarians: Kirkus, SLJ, Children's Tech & Common Sense Media. Links forthcoming.
One item crossed off my to-do list already!
So fucking bored.
Do u remember the one with the little gnomes? Now that was my shit lol
Is this day ever going to end?
if i was a dude id tell you to suck my dick right now. . .
Glad to hear that Maria - Love a rockin' dinner!
Thanks, I might need the luck so I'll take what I can get.
Thanks, guys. I just hope Weight Watchers likes my new campaign idea.
regardless juss in case she starts her shit lol
The horizon, to remind you of your courage, sends its gentle waves of confidence to kiss your feet. ~Dodinsky
Bikram this morning was awesome. Picked up our meat share from the CSA & some kale @ Green City Market. is excited about kale chips!
The only difference between me and a madman is that I’m not mad
Now on Twitter! Yahoo! Can't wait to see our twitter Dosha fans!
Why is it this hot !?!?
learning about trythedream!
but seriously! What did u do?
Eric Schmidt, Google CEO, in Mpls called cyberaddiction "pretty serious." Maybe it's time to take it seriously.
I hate to see one of my colleagues retire, but the stress of the job won't allow her to stay. She was a GREAT teacher.
Couch tour rules'!!
Chilly #United flight from IAD to SFO. Blankets no longer available in coach class!? Thanks flight attendant Kathy for coming to the rescue
Imagine that! My mom and I are embarrassing her poor doctor.
and I are hosting #21CRadio tonight at 6PST! Join us for a chance to win tix!
Good morning America! :) it's gonna be a great day
First at halftime!.....
I can't hear you, so ill just laugh and hope it wasn't a question
Welcome - hope you enjoy using Camtasia!
you got this one right, Bayless is useless
Poor life choices, 3 hours sleep, 13 hours of work today. I got this.
Watching Pranked and laughing way too hard for this hour on a weeknight! Sleep will not come easy.
I know you have an extra ticket to NYE for my friend, and you want to sell it to me, right?
Thank you for your support. We're taking a little time to reevaluate and then we'll see what happens.
If u could make a difference in your hair, what area would you like 2 see changed? Nourishment, color protection,reinforcement, or density?
Good. Much better... What's happening in your world? Any interesting connections?
definitely! Lol thanks! Sounds like things are great with you too! :)
Wisconsinites haven't been very smart people lately.
Time is the best teacher; Unfortunately it kills all its students!
Am I playing u now?! Is "yo" ur way of trying to hit on me
"dad don't step on the dog"
Good Morning!! Lets do it!!!!!
Okay, so one day, before thanks giving we were given homework, and I didn't do it. So the Tuesday it was do and the teacher asked me wher...
well hey I'm sam. Now u know me
A new day a fresh start. Thinking back to last night I just wanna say I'm sorry. (<U+3002>-_-<U+3002>)
Smile is winning(: think that's gonna be the first single!
#FF Make sure to follow , who is new to Twitter and a good friend of our radio show on
"By insulating themselves in the short run from the problems of society, the elite merely bought themselves…
I won’t soothe your pain,I won’t ease your strain,You’ll be waiting in vain,I got nothing for you to gain
...but then again...don't mind me or my feelings...you haven't cared about them for 21 years? Why start now?
Hey Ladies - We need some hot cougars for our next video - any race, 40 and over. Interested? @ reply us (must be in Seattle)
is your phone back on?
helped me out a lot during my intern days at - a good writer & a better man. Best of luck at , my man.
Looking for some help relative to employee compensation for full and part time sales associates. Doing research outside the auto industry t…
$3 mil wasted in order to tell two people how to live happily..Bunch of crap!!!
Merry Christmas !
Adrien Brody aways looks like how a magician looks the moment he says "ta-da!"
Pizza, beer, and a movie..... Yep, its a wild Saturday night here.
Awe you guys are the best!<3 how about this...next show u come too we let u and a friend in for free? (Tickets on us)<3;)
Didn't know 65 was a.k.a. Kenneth "Baby Face" Edmonds Highway.
So, I'm working at a different Starbucks tonight. O.o
SEO/Speed for the chat today? What is SEO speed? :)
I never lie ;)
Slept most of the day and now I can't get to sleep! Argh! What a day in life.
hey you!
Go Clear Lake! Big baseball game tonight!
RT : IF THE GRIZZ LOSE IMA BE PISSED, AND MIGHT PUT A SONG ON YOUTUBE..
Only need 2 more followers to get to 100!!! :D
I'm getting my hspa scores now.. wish me luck..
You can't prepare for a surprise!
My computer is in the hospital! Pray that it lives.
hahaha I was saying maybe Kesha was kesha ( in papiamento) when she choose her name --- get it?
#Gotye on #SNL tonight, meaning I’m finally going to hear a second song by them.
RT : BETO O'ROURKE IS FOLLOWING ME!!!! SO EXCITED!!! VOTE VOTE VOTE THIS MAY!!!
robinson thx for the bball camp in the 206, my son enjoyed himself.
its pretty good! I'm being a bargain bar hopper and only getting the specials hehe
“: damn life is good”
3:39PM. Sagar's first puke of the day.
what it dew ju follow back
we can quibble about definitions if you want
First dream tonight was about an alien attack. And now I just woke up from a dream about being cheated on. I just wanna sleep.
Get it Siggy!
What areas of your work or home life are out of control?
I knew u was talking bout him. He change and act crazy lol. U watch wwe?
can our card shop get a follow best of luck
Fun to see tweeps in so many different hashtag chats at once; I'm confusing chatter about libraries, fitness, diabetes humor, 1st-yr writing
Follow ! Get them to 100 followers :)
Couldn't agree more...
This school smells like pee
Yikes, while I like Cosi, $10 seems a little high for a sandwich that's not Katzinger's.
I really hate being constantly stared at.
Phone with feety man :)
show some love to your roots #WRGP #WUFI !! Ty!
Any spare kitchen utensils? YST needs whatever you don't want for our Blank Canvas and our TLP. Just drop what you have @ 311 S. Madison.
haha :) :O what happened?!
Congrats to the Lobos! 75-69 win over Air Force!
USA's Incarceration Rate at HISTORIC HIGH since 1776. Millions and Millions of Humans Locked-Up -- Costing Billions of $$$
she was prepared 2 take you off the dribble....lol in Heels hahahaha!!!! Wait, why you still up !! lol
What jazz artists from U.S., around the world, would you like to see in future displays? Why? Tell us
you crazy capitalist....jackie d would be proud
Sometimes, love just isn't enough.
I'd much die standing then to live on my knee's.
I'm good. Was twitter stalking u. Lmao.
RT this and your #FridayNight will be filled with lots of strong drinks and beautiful people! (We hope.)
Misspelled Cape Cod and one user wrote "Where's Cape Code? Do I get a discount if I know how to work the enigma or live in Bletchley Park?"
...Huh? Where did you come from?
love and light mwah!!! hope to see you soon xoxoooo
Is it dorky to walk up to someone and say I printed your book or I follow you on Twitter? It feels dorky.
Of. Glenn Miller "moonlight serenade" - that's what I'm talking about. Thanks
ha oh yeah shes a short lil kid. i have like 11 siblings
#schoolmemories oh here's one ..
Productive weekend so far. Bought bike helmet & gloves. Got last signature for pistol permit. Went grocery shopping. & I still have sunday.
life's not fair my friend >:) lol!
Fun time interviewing , the father/son tiki mug makers. U should check out their tiki mug vending machine at The Original Dinerant.
let's try and do tonight or tomorrow anytime after 9
Omg I can feel the hate tables away
also badly needs customizable snooze.
they are unisex gildan shirts.
Sympathy for the Devil & : awesome intro here for
Happy Thanksgiving to the Dans!!
I'm sick in the brain dumb bitch can you nurse this?
can I get a follow back!? :)
jajaja u make me laugh in different languages ;)
you're a Packers fan?
#Otakon Friday is the best day of the year for outdoor downtown power lunch. People watching is phenomenal.
RT : discovered i may be able to study abroad in istanbul. making this happen
Week two in the garden went great! We planted some root crops. It's looking good out there!
best new word,ever. what does it mean?
Kobe Crying , Ion blame him , Cuz dey pissed me off
us too! See you dudes there!
If you three bet with AJ. Flop tptk and fold when your bet on the flop gets raised. You probably shouldn't three bet with AJ.
Don't blame or complain. Plan and follow through.
convinced 2 groups of 1st graders and a few 5th graders that i'm dating . if i can convince them, i can convince anyone c;
writing is harder when you give a good damn.
Wow. “: About 36% of the 63,386 HS graduates in Washington in 2009 had not enrolled in college within one year after graduation”
Its okay....and yes we do! lol
6:00 has come much too soon. I think I could listen to Ian MacKaye ramble for at least 2 more hours
Follow for the latest news! I’m entering the #HCRFWhatever contest!
Man! I will have my nails in my seat! haha
Follow my bro and i tell u my msn, if u like f course ;)
Have a great weekend! Hope to see you at our free community fair tomorrow afternoon!
Prayers today should include all of the families effected by the devastation of tornados in the midwest, especially Joplin Mo.
#vegasroast I swear dave roberts is the egg in the frying pan, not after drugs, but after birth...dude remember 1 thing!
": Officially committed to Elmhurst College to play football!" Congrats bro. You deserve it. Do your thing there
Headed into our 11th straight hour of employee calibration. O.M.G. I am ready for this day to be over!
Cut you're head off, guillotine, Henry the 8th style, You remind me of cheddar bob from 8 mile.
WTH is Peter petrelli's dad doing on Alcatraz?
Time for bed. Loving my new toys from Amazon delivery. Hope for good day tomorrow!
Watching Pres Obama on The View
Wishes she had been at the #Coldplay concert last night. Not being in LA sucks.
These broke niggas make me sick throw up
wow. that looks worth doing grading for.
VDN you may want to get MO' Williams out the game
too many!!
I love the movie you're watching right now.
wow thats like a flash back the most amazin music ur idols r so cool i think thats why u are!!!;)
SHOW ME WHAT WEBSITE THIS WAS NO
Headline coulda been snappier and less brochure-like, too. ;)
Yes, Ceci! I wore mine to a rehearsal last night. :-)
Nored great aggressive take to bucket. Fouled. But can't get bucket to go. 6:35 to go, he hits em both. 42-41 Panthers
Great avatar photo.
JAYS WIN!!!!! JAYS WIN!!!! JAYS WIN!!!! Let's make some free throws next game and shock the world on Sunday!
"In other fields we've found ways to produce things using fewer labor hrs. using more tech. We haven't figured out how to do that in Ed."
Had a fabulous time in Milwaukee this weekend, what a cool place! Happy to be home & back to my routine, though, after 1.5 weeks of travel.
‘Oliver Twist’ musical production April 20, 21
with the crew from to raise funds to support pediatric programs
office convo is outta control & girl- puhlease
It would be super awesome if you guys could like our Facebook page :) facebook.com/superradshows
Needs a FT job or several PT and/or VT gigs pronto, Tonto! Got a lead? Please let me know! :>)
my bro is ur biggest fan and would love a tweet & follow from you hun
Fishin' this weekend?
I'm glad it only took a wall of 1000s of books for you to come to that conclusion. woahahahaaa
twitter is showing im not following ..good one twitter
Vickie Horne Vickie Horne How to Hunt Ghosts: How to Hunt Ghosts How to Hunt Ghosts: How to Hunt Ghosts
I'm with you on the Mario Tennis. Once it's out, we'll have to meet up on the court.
no problem! Anytime!
Be aware to the present situation so you can see the beauty all around you and let it guide you to your Highest Self
. could be the coolest concept ever. Just downloaded my first mix. You can browse by BPM. Hey , check it out.
Noted Speakers will guide you through #enlightenment processes that have never been given before
U said a mouthful. Not friends w/him anymore, he disgusts me. Used 2 get together w/him & wife. No more for me. Hubby tolerates
Great show tonight tune in next Tuesday 8pm Thanks for tuning in
BREAKING DAWN PART 1 AS THE BEST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN! IT HAS THE BEST ENDING!! CANT WAIT 2 C PART 2! NOVEMBER 16, 2012!
Tuning into #smss, "How Big Brands are Using #SocialMedia" with , and
That program still comes on?
Oh hey, connor and i have been together for two months now
Santorum drops out of the GOP race!
Are you business in LA with 8 or less employees/partners? Minimum 2? *Complimentary service offer to 2 companies. (professional reflexology)
Hey! Ppl wats up? Follow doggie221 she is so cool
I never feel more at peace with myself than when I'm sitting on the toilet drinking coffee
RT : Got some old jeans to donate? Swing by our 6th & Lamar store - give them to - they'll recycle them...
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Why would people want to sign up for your newsletter? Nobody wants more email. Give them a REASON to want to sign up.
love watching you on the Big Biz Show!
Alba - a troubadour's poem about the parting of lovers at dawn. ALBM - air-launched ballistic missile.
Bend It Overr
SHOUT OUT TO YOU GUYS! IF U FOLLOW THEM THAT MEANS YOU HAVE 100% SWAG
I hate it when a poem appears in the brain & no paper & pen are available. Happened again today when I was driving. *sigh".
thanks Auntie! Some nice musical accompaniment to exercises and/or cake, I hope :)
Dont know what to think
enjoy.. u probably are having more fun then i am right now.. #david everrett
RT : "Many paths lead to the top of the mountain" Buddist saying...did they mean personalized learning is key to all students...
Really ,"Don"?? Bass guitar isn't even a hard instrument to play.
its so super god! :*
That's the rumor :)
I have one of those, "this is really gonna hurt later" type sunburns going on after spending the afternoon at a health fair.
Watching episode of Family Guy where Peter has kidney failure from drinking red bull and a commercial comes on for red bull. Is this irony?
I followed back
Drawn Dead Poker Pro playing in high stakes cash game at the Bellagio tonight www.drawndead.net
How would you blog differently........ I'd start
Clean shaven lets grow this dirt beard
hahahaha seriously! I hate that! And sorry about not answering you last night...
Gilbert still wants me to take him food.
if only nathan would go for it:P
need me some new
People shouldn't promote horrible music ........ Period .
"hey mr dj will you turn the music up." (;
shoutout to for keeping the subwoofers happy
Thad Young just learned what happens when you drive past Kevin Garnett. Michael Gearon throws a tray table across his living room.
Wow, yet another wrong-way driver on the DNT this morning. Are they filming the next Die Hard movie here or something?
Who the hell in the world is #ShyGlizzy ???
Your lyrics are awesome <333
Just listened to on the radio(: Good luck with everything, bro! #DreamBig<3
awesome nick. I am thinking of doing one too!! May 14
Absolutely true! What's your favorite way to keep in touch?
heyy can you please follow me???
“: You can SEE and hear us now - So tune for a special report on animal cruelty coming up in just minutes!”
I WANT IT.
To the Faithful..God shows himself Faithful. He hear every prayer, see every tear, & knows the Heart of us.
Just munched a 'Red heart' road goodie worth 3 points!
well for one it's faster. Second by choosing who I follow I let these people select the important news for me.
Thnx for heads up about the account being hacked! We apologize for any messages you received - problem solved now!
Feeling sorry 4 lady giving pedicure to chick next to me. Already talked abt her divorce, house sale, solo at Christmas & financial issues
We are going in right now, sorry #Philly but the #CELTICNATION wants that 18
When you fall for someone whom you can't seem to have :\
several women on the #66 bus need to adopt that motto
it was a very accurate description. Thank you for writing me so well :)
Friday Specials! $5 Box Lunch is TUNA! We have a killer Tuna Sandwich. There are only 10 and when they are gone, Go Fish!
CHRISTMASNOOBS.COM time for some killing and lvl up
Early flight out to New Mexico.
we are ok. No one will be here. We will return in force tomorrow.
Our teal butterfly represents HOPE. Hope is all we have when we are diagnosed with a terminal disease. HOPE is what makes us strong!
Reading a book & having to reread the same paragraph over and over because your thoughts are too distracting.
LT I just realuzed how many beats yall sit on n actin like u dont got beats!!!
My boy James Milner!
Forget the war with Iran. Please, please... let the strike end in Israel as soon as possible.
When did Horford come back?
so its back to square onee :(
im bout to check the email
Thx for retweet! Happy Tuesday to you! :)
I don't want ANY of my neighbors getting knifed, incl the ones who sing Oasis songs by the campfire, and incl pretty ol' you.
"You knew when you were needed and when to go away, a rare talent." - Jaime Lannister
ur great!!! your like my big brother i really look up to you!!! <3 can i be your little sister plz?
YES. You should.
Professors should not be allowed to schedule exams during interview week
#ihearttomdennisspeaches Watch out for the squirrel “: RT #ihearttomdennis don't you? #amasummit”
#foodicon FLady: "enormous step in the right direction" Me: a good step, but wish "whole grains" were there, and dairy wasn't, for health.
also gavin dovey at paper dragon books in BK
Haha, awee, see when I'm home I take away her room, lol. She just looks so happy.
Tutor Delphia is proud to announce we will now be offering Spanish tutoring. Details to follow soon!
About those bugs in the installer...
So true! Thanks for putting these great links out here - I love your tweets!
Hmm... good question. I'll retweet and let you know if I hear anything :)
Hope shelly leaves this week...but #brenchel back-doored wouldn't be too bad either
Thank you again to everyone that made it 1-1-1 Anniversary Party! ;) We had a blast and Element 13 Rocks!! !!
I don't like texting
I'll check him out, but if so.. a minority, I'm sure. :)
Unicorns are cooler than English class
Developing virtual living museum of 1920's and 1930's Lynd study of Middletown America in Blue Mars - industrial life prototype due Spring
Having the same issue leaving comments. Don't know if it's a Blogger issue or a Wordpress, but I hope it resolves itself soon!
Tweet me what r u gonna use for halloween!!
Thank u sir. Yea been gone for a minute.
Yeah man, my house missed it. I live southwest. Everything has been hit southeast and east of me. Lots of damage from reports.
Tanned for 15 minutes and I'm a little burnt.. #toohot!
that's what I'm thinking, Freddie Benz!
Haahaha funny!": I don't bite mines so bite one for me please...lol"
I know he's not like that especially slapping Selena all lies. People these days.
#ImNotInterested if your a physco bitch
Only eight more days until Avengers! Also can't wait for the new dark knight rises trailer that'll be attached to it!! : D
#500thtweet shout out goes to my boys
aww :( is ustream going to be rescheduled??? Love you <3
U left wit scuff to dr??? Lol
Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience & the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. ~Harriet Tubman
How was your easter? What cocktail did you enjoy? Did you match it to your bright pink heels?
Catch all the #NationalSemifinals action with us today! $5 mini burgers (3), $5 wings and $5 Miller/Coors stadium cups.
oh yes it does Dan!! He's dreaming of sausage gravy.
I've got Santigold on lock and will be jealous of you at Of Montreal. Do with it as you will.
thank you love yours is to but you like to see me hurt :(
We also posted lots of new stuff on Hottest Gay Places Orlando visit www.hgpof.com to see it now
It's better for the web. Browsers = users = web.
i know you are, but what am i
advice with what
Michelle Tyson, MA, LPC, NCC, CACII - In a safe, serene setting we can unpack and explore issues relating to: addiction, stress, worry,...
I better see you before you have your son
Stainless Steel Business Cards available at NYC Printing 123. Show your clients you mean business!!! Call now at 646.833.8085/...
a moth just landed on my computer
funny how it's only now deemed politically expedient to support the middle class...
Corey hart fantastic offense, great defense all around so far and just an absolute awesome game by
hahaha no $ clearly.. But I do happen to have $1.2 ;) text me
Oh Canada!!
were not that far apart
I'd like to see Peyton behind that O-Line!
TONIGHT - Morning Show w/ , + , plus PEOPLE'S FACES saying WORDS mere inches from you! 11PM at !
Lmao i'll let you beat me up
At the tech baseball game vs. The Sooners.
An Its On
2 for 1 Drinks for Ladies at Opal tonight!!! Get at it, ladies!!!
Today was just to much for me !
RT : Join me May 3 for Del Oro Awards to honor PR pros & Javier A Flores!...
"Shoot what you love from the heart, pimp it out, repeat" so says Chase Jarvis
I will! Need to take some photos of actual dolls first. XD
no problem
Hey how bout a little AC? this shit is a sauna
Took all morning to get kids out of the house (esp the teens), but now they are frolicking happily in the snow.
is trying to figure out how to update my profile and failing. Feeling every bit of the retard my sister regularly claims I am
no prob. Well, they liened every asset he had. When he passed, as we sold his assets, the IRS had to be paid 1st. Big, big mess
Thank you.
Whew! Mayor cancelled his meeting with me tomorrow. I'm not sure I could even spit out one sentence to him right now I'm so damn mad.
brown eyes are beautifull
so proud (:
it is inevitable, I guess.
Happy Thanksgiving and congrats to y'all who finished the half marathon today! See you tomorrow for #blackfridayatl!
I always follow back too. Could you help?
#ISPPAW Kyle Caldwell doing a great job with top ten list of nonprofit federal issues Role of Gov Loss of Trust is
To the girl who slammed on her brakes to avoid hitting a squirrel - good job. Hope the SUV that plowed into you was worth it
found my geometry book!
RT : Happy to pass #THATCamp Bay Area baton to & Planning begun for Fall 2011! Want to help?
Heard the CIA records 1 in 5 text messages and now knows Americans are obsessed with penis pics.
Someone mention me or something im bored ! -____-
Woke up smiling
When your at a concert and the person next to you clearly doesn't know the words but decides to scream them out anyway
I want some liquor in my life right now.
The commercial must not have been produced by a science person.
In the Hills of Beverly blowing hookah pipes with Sports Illustrated swimsuit models because it's the Hollywood lifestyle that I lead.
we are being lame :( staying in, another night for sure!
Elena is silly. She still has to think about damon's thing. If I were her I'd say: YES, Damon I LOVE YOU! I wanna be with YOU! hahaha lol
I really shouldn't have ate all that good... Again. ... Someone rub my gut?
So effing tired!!
Cheryl Coles new song is awful.
The Embody from Herman Miller
Chi foodies, did you know there's a restaurant named Moneyshot in town? Anyone dine there? Would you?
#highschoolmemories get'n kick'd outta school & having to go to that mexican alternative school for half of a semester...
Sopunds like a beautiful festival!!!
Till :"you got a pussy, i have a....dEEk, a big dEEEk." hahaha xD
PLEASE RT - FOLLOW
I want to buy The Ridpath.
Thanks for the RT and mentions
right back at you girl! Excited to start our film together! & can't wait to see video! She'll do great like her mom
#BOYFRIEND is Number 1 on THE VOICE :) xoxo.
#WhatIMissMost the simplicity of being a kid.
10pm tonight! The VBB at Jovitas! Truly a fun night. We LOVE playing here. Come join.
I want to spell #hell not he'll...
You're welcome.
I was on my best behavior this evening lol
Yes I did.You know I can go ALL NIGHT!:P
#Imagine Zayn's eyes are focused on your lips. Zayn sighs:''I'm in need of a little kiss. Please? Just one?'' He grins mischievously.
Turning dreams into reAlity
Okay, the Art of Glow app is awesome! It's like a Lite Brite alive on your screen. It's free. Try it out, kids will LOVE it.
volunteering for nten this afternoon and helping them pack. Will prob be at info desk i will let u know!!
check me out on youtube "Happy birthday Vickie", "MEGASTAR IN THE MAKIN"+ "its me again" I'm singing in all 3 videos also chk
haha! Did you find one of the traps? <U+E415>
Jack Tobin, son of former N.L. premier, makes day parole
that was definitely not supposed to happen.
Just shook Robert Krafts hand no big deal
I've been trying out Twitter more lately but I really prefer Facebook...Twitter is so overrated and it's not as versatile.
who gives a shit? It gives you more street cred if you're just following a few people anyway.
Can't wait to go out tonight for my girl McKenna's 21st!!! :)
i wish i could.
i am not pregnant, I swear!!!! Nor am I 16. So, Im safe haha
To support mother and father, to cherish wife and child and to have a simple livelihood; this is the good luck. -- Buddha
hey, good to see another Troublemaker on here
We are going to be on the Steve Harvey Morning show tomorrow. Tune in!
Great weather, have fun! RT : Brown county breakdown!!!!!
hope your final went well this morning! And good luck on the next one!
Fingers crossed!
Random fact: channing tatum has 2 kids
Hey guys check out The Alpha Agency they have a sick competition!
Ordering one of my favorites today Guatemalan Huehuetenago form the Palmira estate! Buttery and chocolaty with french vanilla notes!
can't see it in the mobile version - what is it again?
I've been pretty good :) hbu?
Working with some new materials that aren't really on the market yet- We've got new effects coming soon! We love to be on the cutting edge!
Sorry I missed you last night! Our 6-8 office happy hour went on until about 11:30p!
congratulations. I am a 3year breast cancer Survivor .18 years sounds good very inspiring
How many times i gotta say time is money
De La Soul's "Stakes is High" is probably one of my top 10 favorite Hip-Hop songs of all-time. non-negotiable.
Reminder to weekly owners: All 30 #MLB teams play seven games this week, with each club encountering three opponents, too.
Eharmony.com is for prudes. Where's the fun in knowing the guy before you meet him?
Does not love me anymore..
I am done with Tech now. They are irrelevant anyway. Time to move on to LSU. :-)
Happy Monday Columbus.. pretty pretty out.. isn't it!?
I'm doing really well! Working on taxes right now..... almost done!
got 15 gal of dry irish stout that I wanted to infuse w some coffee flavor before st. patty's. figured that my best bet
its a cool spot... if you are ever around central Austin you should come check out our location outside of Hole in the Wall!
Be safe on your journeys my friend!
did lito produce the beats for meek mill new mixtape
apparently we had more of the english ECA to do -__- but good thing it was the essay part, i'm better at typing up bullshit for an easy A c:
This is horse shit.
How do I know Rick Santorum is the real deal when it comes to his faith? He never uses jimmies or pulls out.
Most country music these days doesn't sound like what my parents listened to at first but if you listen closely the similarities are there.
I'd go, but would probably develop a habit.
Interesting perspectives about ethnic identity from Kagan's research. Even v. young kids see hybrid IDs as complex & contextual
Back flips are way more impressive than front flips especially if they are done by cats.
I just gave catnip to Porkchop for the first time. Turns out catnip is the kitty equivalent of crack.
It was a good run...
#Coupon friends: Successful trip to Harris Teeter this wk (Saved $100). Tons of VIC/e-VIC savings + coupon matchups. Thanks !
Hahaha, what if I meet Funkdation? ;D
firm I'm trying to get my buff bag well on sir !!!!! So scoop a nigga up like kat litter
“: #Pisces - Who wants to have babies with you: Harry” best one yet
ESSAYING = LIFE
Its the worst thing that could happen, when you start to believe the lies that are said about you
I'll take "what is the best woman ever" for a $1,000 Alex.
Shout out to our friends and fellow fashionista's in LA and the Phil! Happy holidays, we love yall!
#IU #Crean tried to defend his decision to end UK rivalry matchup ... if you scared go to CHURCH! LOL
Baseball starts today! I'm extremely excited. Who's going all the way this year?
Never ever let anyone make u feel worthless... Remember- Jesus thinks you're to die for.
'The purpose of life is a life of purpose.' - Robert Bryne
Abraham Lincoln "My father taught me to work; he did not teach me to love it."
GO LAKERS!!! And come on Pacers and our Lobos own Danny Granger!!!
I've missed y'all. How are you?
Holly SHIT!!! The Game is following me!!!!!!
Goodnight everyone :)
' An return my books!
people are actually complaining about being kicked out last night, I'm just like, "I'm just happy to be here from Texas!"
Starting drinking coffee, it works wonders ;)
#1Seed baby! Hell yeah!
u guys killed it 2nite. Luv u guys
jonald fun fact #3: mom gave me the middle name Jude from St. Jude (but I will still say its from Hey Jude for my love of Beatles).
My heart stopped beating at the end of the game. 3 more to go :)
get the $
Oh, I post so much more to private circles--you're seeing the public persona ;) I like that you can post private, also add art.
tomorrow speeches :/ cant really say how i feel .
Smoking Kill, Dressed to murder these niggas
Why does the boy I love is so moody and rude ? Not fair.
Scrabble for iPad is the Shiznit
Chill bring a stick too
you LOVE me and especially when you hear me talking to the tv and yelling at the show! hahaa
haha she was kidding lol and so was I xD
yes hauling this my bf!
Evangelical Franklin Graham is a Republican Right Wing Nut trying to Convert Religion Into Politics Why is he getting airplay?
Giving #MadMen one more episode before I ditch the season.
Visit our info table next to Caribou Coffee for free tattoos and pens. And then come out to our Call Out meeting tonight at 6! :-)
Let's go CATS. Bring #8 home.
crazzyyy! I remember :) www.facebook.com/iamdanieldavid <--- you gotta add me on there tho! Just incase that happens again
Playin zombies tonight and I need a fourth, let me know if you want in.
reviewing footage we shot in rock creek park for the new song, Doin It In The Park, looking dope!
Someone come get food with me
thx! Hopefully I'll get some followers out of this. Catholic Mass Dem and politics prof living in nyc here...
remind me not to invite you anywhere.
An old woman at the bus stop gave me $10 for Samadhi, she said God told her directly to do so. I guess miracles still happen every day.
Black dude: I bought and orange From yo Cuzzin on the corner Mexican dude: I bought a dime sack from yours
Sorry folks...the campaign for to get the PA job took a break during the holidays. Just like the Orioles have in off-season.
Our Album Is #Mixed and #Mastered by: KP for Trackwriterz Studios Atlanta, GA.
Awesome day of Golf. Fun softball game. Cornhole party to wrap it up.
Yep. Grow up kids. Ditch the sense of entitlement. Newsflash: it's NOT all about you.
I don't think I'll ever be able to spell initiatives right on the first try
you wore there all along ?
pretty sweet if you ask me
dont sleep with gum
i swear man i hate spams
Right on
not calling u a whore hah
The Foursquare app is featured on CNN's homepage right now.
oh man you are damn right it is! its my fav so good ill make one for you next time i see you lol <3
I'm at the theater, ready to see #AVENGERS in all its IMAX glory!
Someone call me!
Yours too? Apparently there's some fitness blogger thing happening there today.
I want to be part of your life.
The heart is an organ most responsive to proper nutrition (real, whole, UNprocessed foods, oils). Can repair itself in 8 to 18 mos.
My "catching air v-style" reference may have been too obscure. How about a layout -> _/_ --| T |-- _/_
showing frequent mobile tasks from www.nngroup.com at
Ahh, How To Not Getted Tipped 101 at Sunset Trocadero right now
Me neither. RT : Didn't know its National Grammar Day.
RT : 2012 is here get on the floor and boogie i dust myself off heading for another start
thanks for the mention on Recycled Ink!
Jeff's watching golf and Im bored. lets do this
Good English language skills (written and verbal) are necessary in order to document findings and communicate them to colleagues
thank you too!
I'm beyond excited
Yea, think I saw a documentary on him on History Channel.
Indeed. RT : Get ready and breakfast on train. Very fine and we wish we could always live on the train.
want it
I wonder what Wale charges for a verse dude is sick he gotta be my favorite right now
nothin better than they good life
Post-it notes, notebooks, Evernote. Basically every where. I'll put post-its on a physical calendar to schedule writing
It's been free Public Service Announcements from the Ad Council.
mr. google and mr. blackberry have become friends
Well, I'll gain your love again guys. I promise you that.
the group is pretty dope. Romo introduced me to them a while back. #Shaggfest??
I Know Right!!
The #Royals got doo doo in their bed. (no matter how you say it, that's such a horrible expression)
Heading out to SCIAC
how was your day
"oh look free Jewelry!!" #mardigras STL
SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS!
are you an ESL teacher in vietnam ?
I hate when people puke blood on house. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Beauty Within 2012 - GET THE GLOW BEFORE IT GOES! Total Savings - $161 on NEOCUTIS skin rejuvenation treatment. Expires 3-31-2.
As I catch up w/ my feed & see other #Google zipper posts, I wonder how many people DON'T post things b/c they've read it already.
looking to game mw3 or halo reach?
Spring break has started! Bam!
putting up the christmas lights.
Plane #2.... #sxsw here I come!
are you guys...
I seriously hate how attractive my friends are.
They say I am a abomination to obamas nation
It's so funny when secret fans pose as haterz,we all know u love if not u would'nt b on her TL so much,so called TeamSickiGarbaj
no no thank you for being a member , happy you love it! and one of these days, we'll have you come in and dj-
idk but every other concert I've been to at Phillips has been over $100 for decent seats. :/
Em had a blast. She and her brother were giggling and hooting the whole time. Hope Sophie had fun too.
My homework brings all the Asians to the yard. And they say "it wasn't that hard"
You have upset a lot of people...
I'll need to login and load a few of my instagram pics
I'm too loyal...too focused.
After today... I feel like I really have a chance at making the Silk Line.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
They don't know a damn thing about us
RT : has a new shirt featuring ME it's epic and the shirts will be at my show at evo records dec. 16 in
I'm sorry I hurt your feelings. When I called you stupid, I really thought you already knew.
Hey guys! Check out on twitter and on YouTube! Check out his gaming vids, and his other vids if you want! :D
And now I have to go after school to finish a test tomorrow yippee..........not
lol that's not my choice. I can't pick another one or else I'll get beat down.
that's about how far it is from me.
Ft Myers sun conference tournament home to prank wars
when are you guys coming to pittsburgh?
Yeah who he like?
damn :) beat they ass lmao
thanks you so much! That means so much to me!!!!
My prof. might cancel class again today. That would be smashing!
thank you and good morning
Mention us OR tell your friends to Follow us, and get a promotional coupon code for 10% off your entire purchase! Isn't that #justFAB?
What sports readers are saying - The Seattle Times
Lead, follow or be a twit and retweet.
Yeah, but I don't think the goal of your campaign is to end up noseless. Just saying.
gahh, me too! Warped has such a great lineup this year! :)
When are you going to Ibiza?
nice HR yesterday! I love watching you play- too bad I'm 2300 miles away and don't get to see ya live that often... :(
Our July In The Rain by He Is We <3
Thank GOD for letting me see this day
Ellen and I are going to the Monsterball tonight. Who else is?.
just watched the end of Happy Endings from last week 4 times. It's good stuff
totally want that blue sweatshirt with the dog heads on the shoulders.#VSfashionshow i like to cover up my stuff... atleast some of the time
Going on a long run...deciding whether or not to come back.
Speaking of congrats! My alma mater West Liberty wins an overtime thriller tonight over UC for its double double-- tourney & season champs
In 2010 Dems lost everywhere. Doesn't translate. Feingold lost too, by same margin.
Great convos re: careers in cultural heritage after last night's talk. Why does straight talk come AFTER you're 5 years into #grad land?
#quotes Your premium brand had better be delivering something special, or it's not going to get the business.
Happy New Year from Evans Nelson & Company CPAs. What is your new year's resolution?
before I go happy birthday again to the most amazing person ever love you:* <3 <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
You made the right choice!
do teach...
Andy lustily...I've been called worse.
Twins -- not looking good. Need to learn the basics again. Baseball 101.
Class in 5 hours but I don't care because I'd rather spend my last few nights here with great friends reminiscing on great memories..
If you still stuck on yo ex steady worrying about what they got going on why gt in a new relationship
I'm sure, she gonna make sure that beat goes international. Lol
G.I.Joe: Retaliation looks awesome. Can't wait to see my boy, , kick some @$$.
that was an amazingly touching performance. He is bound to get an award for that someday soon.
Cancun was too much fun! Damn I miss it already...
That sucks. (I funny...)
I wishes he'd notice me lol but he's very busy so I have to understand
Email starting with m.magee good?
lol what's your next cop though?!
Andrew Windle of the DeWitt Law Firm is the author of The Florida Divorce Blog www.TheFloridaDivorceBlog.com
Life is precious. I hope his family can pull through it together. One of my favorite actors.
Dear Self: when editing a hard copy of your work, circling entire paragraphs & writing "FIX THIS" in the margins is surprisingly unhelpful.
RT : Wheels Up!!! Chicago bound!!! <U+2708><U+2708>// safe travels bro.
I feel terrible for you. Getting paid to watch games & design sports pages? It's not like you'd do that for free or anything.
have a good show! Let me know how it goes! Tested the 'cakes yesterday for supper #they'reincredible. ;)
King Vitaman! That was such great cereal. My dentist thanks you for reminding me.
New upgrades this weekend. We added a new #calendar and improved #recipes! It is now much easier to find and share your #family #food gems.
Sectors drawing highest antitrust scrutiny under Obama: health care, tech and agriculture
Wow. Sounds like a dissertation in the making.
Of course right before Christmas, but I am immune to it so I do not care, it is not my problem!
I love that about the internet! Xo J
Yes, it was fun. We gave it to her MiMa who ate with us today for Mother's Day, and the Cary Store put a gift in it for her.
Agreed. Your also the only one who understands.
i would dine on that for hours...or until i got hungry and offered to make you a sanwich
Why do you dislike me?
Today's #CovertTU word: HANDLER - a case officer who is responsible for handling agents in operations. I wonder if my handler has been ID'd.
Working on the final sound mix for the film. Exciting times www.petrginz.com
Last week of swim season, and of me being fifteen years of age.
bad for u;)
awesome! Yeah you must visit New Jersey! :) Jennette is so close to me but I can't visit her! :(
Hell no. and are cool. Haha
Music is me!
Our occupation then shall be parallel to our employment, liminal. Uncertain of details, though clearly Twitter will cont. to play a part
INDEPENDENT ARTIST SEND IN YOUR MUSIC TO FOR THE "INDEPENDENT ARTIST SPOTLIGHT"..
I drove extra slow to the airport, just to have 10 more minutes with you.
you panicked and didn't raid cayden kitchen with me, that's your bad, I was game
OMGoodness, I am so sleepy, can't wait tA get off get my baby and get home tA my bed!!
Just had a Skype call with my mom and my baby niece. Don't know how people lived far from their family before technology.
Playing a secret show at Memories tonight. Go on in an hour! Montrose and Cicero.
#amia Sean Murphy enumerates Medical Open Source software: FreeMED thru OpenMRS etc.
Ok do this account had pretty much dead ended and I moved the party here: Ty.
Sounds fun and delicious! What's your favorite thrift store in AZ?
I have learned something valuable today !
Football is better than Basketball. Who doesn't know that ? Tf.
I hate mondays....blah
#WhatIMissMost your mom!
aren't we all.
Im like mike on game night...no callin sick...chi town im on the way...brewcitywill.com....milltown what up!!!
GREAT answer...met Karen last night, and I have to agree.
Movie recommendation is Jamie Lee Curtis in "Prom Night"
Or for any reason “: Mitt Romney. Simply: a man willing to lie about anything to hide his failures and his extremism.”
People don't want to get to know a homeless person...Then they'll know a smelly, homeless person.
Hey thanks for the follow!
"What, Sir, would the people of the earth be without woman? They would be scarce, sir, almighty scarce." - Mark Twain
he was probably chatting with some fans.
Check out our #CraftBrew tasting in #Chicago this Thursday night.
I want dylan back </3
couldn't happen to a better fan:)
Can the Fugees please reunite??
Excited abt it too,
#quote First the doctor told me the good news: I was going to have a disease named after me. ~Steve Martin
There are many excellent pts in this article. I would add holding leadership principals, superintendents, BoE accountable also
: To truly observe something, temporarily forget what you already know about it. That helps you see what's really there.
Stay humble people remember everything can go wrong for you at the drop of a dime .
#Marriageequality affects #LGBThealth. After legalization in #MA, gay & bi married men saw reduced hypertension, depression, and stress.
It is when motivation is lowest and the stakes are highest that true winners rise above. Hang in there for that last final exam!
finally your music is coming to the states....................then i won't have to keep illegally downloading LOL
Gotta Sleep Early For Mah First Day Of School Night
We found love in a hobo's face- Match.bum success story.
“: So you gotta have a big ass.. To have a relationship nowadays?? That's the only way to be takin serious?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>”not at all
Im just saying maybe it runs in the fam
Hey Kenny, I'm self-taught so I just use chords that are pleasing to my ears :) They tend to be mostly jazz/R&B influenced.
“: What does it take tobe in festival, i need that my LIFE!!!!!!” accepting submissions online soon! Stay tuned!
Got A Raiders Pillow Pet !<3
After long thinking I have decided that I should host Punk'd on MTV
was it close the whole game? Did they have a shot to win it?
What? Who? Max you are leaving? RT : :( making it official he is leaving us!
A4: Chronological! Always. I want to see what, where and when.
Sony Vega 55 inch TV flashes red every ten seconds. Manual says it needs service. What can I do?
Yeah, I hear ya there! I'm still thinking about cupcakes though lol
Countdown in Style With an Airport Terminal Timer | Activetuts+
I'll hit you with a pancake cause you like those better haha
cheer up bitter single people, think of the money you are saving on dinner dates and GPS tracking devices
actually I agree. Never was an apple fan. I use a droid for my phone. After months of researching the ipad. Its great!
first edgewater city council meeting with no need to take notes. the notepad is for star wars sketches.
Still thinking about what an awesome time I had w/ this past Friday!
Just ate my body weight in Tagalongs. Sugar. Rush. E!
U are the WWE Champion and your Awesome
peanut butter bacon
is it weird i dont want to end my screenplay cause i dont want to say goodbye to my characters?
what you need is to renounce terrorism
yes you do...shout out to you from the ville
Same shit different day
oh. dang they shouldnt worry bout that tho :/ he has alot of fans he tries his best :/
Fill in the blank game! If you suck at football, you don't get to play in the Super Bowl. And if you can't sing live...
Are you coming down to Semtech here in SF in early June?
It's national teacher appreciation week. I'm grateful to my many teachers in school and in life.
and the beat goes on...
its just like really confusing and it like replaces your whole profile and its really stupid. so i made a twitter.
That's hysterical.
Surprised that not 1 out of 80+ teachers in today's workshop knew how significant Twitter PD can be. There's work to do.
the how my hair looks d: but I just comb it to the side(x
dude that hat is 2 ft tall
NBC cameras tell me, that's not a goal. F*K
LOL! I wanna see!
Wow, that's some good company. Thanks! RT : I read
THEY NEED TO LET US IN NOW OKAY
Chatting with a location about food allergies
I. AM. JEALOUS. OF. YOU. So now you have to come to the choir concert so I can be all jelly.
My Epic and I approve this message.
Love to cook. Tomorrow's nothing fancy. Glorified French dip sandwiches.
No but i want to!!
Tomorrow former Captain Davy comes home. Unfortunately... We're gonna have to kick his butt! #GOSPORTING!!!! #SportingKC #forever :-)
Misery loves company! I'm slogging through until the 14th.
My day feels so beautiful thank you god for allowing me to see the break of day.....
"Work is the curse of the drinking class" – that’s why we have HAPPY HOUR! $2 Domestic Beers $3 Bar Bites $4 Bubbles
Thanks Rob!
Packed My Bags.... the yaaaaaaas. But idk what else lol you tell me
CODY SIMPSON IS MY FRIEND ON FACEBOOK <3 !
she was so annoying in that movie! and the beyonce cover just really put me over the edge, haha
Does anyone have any advice or product suggestions for "unruly" brows?I have those thick & wiry dark brows...and they really need some help!
Finishing up some work and settling in for some Murder She Wrote. Yeah, Im cool like that.
I'd sign Moss even if Maclin is 100%. Only if his salary isn't too big and he doesn't want to be the
MADISON ALAMIA: I WANNA FUCK YOU SO HARD.
ur welcome! Hey, we're practically neighbors! Lol
hey thats me!
NEW to the whole twitter thing forgive me for keeping people who arent able to watch the game updated. I will stop from now on
All my dragons have a purple bubble - go figure
I know!!!! I love these books!!! I keep re-reading them :-)
#nokxl surrounded the White House many times over!
ManU Report: Brazil dismisses problem with stadium construction (The Associated Press)
great spin classes in LA when u move
Dance Competition Tomorrow, Garden City Dance Team, Beyond The Stars, #LEGGO. PUMPED<3
“: In and out burger, defacing guitars and writing music with :)” OMG YES
Great story. Addendum to Step 1. Fedl Govt has lower wage gap, because of transparency and pay scales.
haha! Good point! Hope you are well.
thanks, and I mean what happened, did he ask u out when he went?<3
can u plz follow me? plz:)
I'm sure we see each other more then we both see
building a new rig soon. getting excited to geek out over at newegg
Time heals almost everything. Give time, time..
chocolate all over my blackberry
A most happy birthday to the beautiful and so incredibly talented ! Come back to Chicago and hang yea?
that's awesome!
answer ma DMSSS
(c) hates u cuz u have ADHD which makes u hyper and annoying
Yep! Let me know if you have any questions -- email me at -- thanks!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+263A> I'm taking you there on our next date! RT : Ate some Menchies with extra strawberries just for my boo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0093>
Adorbs! Have a great halal feast!
Move them on over baby, runners on 2nd and 3rd, one out.
Hello and HAPPY FRIDAY!
Nice! That is something I would love to see.
OMG you sound & look amazing on #AmericanIdol #AdamOnIdol <3333 Perfection so proud :'D <3
Tonight! We will be headlining "Elizabeth's Crazy Little Thing" @ Phyllis' Musical Inn @ 10pm. Come buy us shots and see what happens!
In the words of , if #ParksAndRec is cancelled I'm gonna have to "approach a bitch."
Everything is great! Average response time 1.71 seconds :-) - 21:49 GMT.
"The problem with quotes on twitter & facebook today is, you never know who actually said it" —John F. Kennedy
Gma talking about her garden..me: you can make homemade pumpkin pie! Her:no I like my pumpkin in a can
yup. Webb is a must. I'd bring back Cary too since we cut Carr and Foxworth. Need depth at CB. Keep Gorrer as the dime CB
Today, do not fall into the trap of thinking and talking about your problems more than you think and talk about your God.
Help me Obi Wan! RT : May the force be with you! Pray for me. is mad at me and I don't know why.
Shoutout to some very nice ladies hope you are having a great day!!
Holding a girl tight&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
whoa whoa whoa... My dad is a very respectable man...
in case we need to call, do u have a cell phone? DM me the cell phone number
Atta girl! Johnny's my hero!
Ted Nugent thanks the Secret Service. They're the only people that wanted to interview him in 35 years.
Fresh fruit, tuna rolls and cartons of juice have replaced fatty snacks in three schools in Britain as part of a new scheme to encourage...
thats so sweet
Gal at work upset because I didn't do the "aw honey-boo-boo.you're not quite correct" thing. Hell! I said please & thank you! ;-)
Wow! Sang I front of a sold out crowd at The Joe!!! So cool!!!
I began watching #60minutes b/c of Andy Rooney & Miken Wallace. May they both rest in peace.
have fun on your first day! L for love!!
Past tense of tweet is twat. Duh.
.....and there goes the ice cream truck, playing that damn song.....
I think is opposed to guns of any kind in gift bags
Thanks to everyone who came out last night & a big thanks to for spreading the word.
You can look into a womans eyes and picture yourself doing sexual acts with her.
the only time you should care about people judging you is when you are judged by 12.
Had so much fun tonight with the team 's #ChefShowdown. It is a truly special event.
Oops. Gingerbread. Not Gingerbreak. Ha.
A nigga let the beard grow on em or nah??
Strip club was straight. Wasted some money.
Hm #wine, #beer, or #spirits tonight? Tough decision.
ain't it the truth.
To explain the rest of the process I went through will take time. I'm busy now, but I'll post it on here later.
alright that's whatsup you better be headin over to the crib when you here bro!
im comin to Ft Lauderdale today!!!!!!
First, maybe u need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board at minorityjobs.net Julie ps i hate allergies2
#Facebook hit 1B user market in August
played really well the 1st half but the 2nd half others decided they were going to shoot more.
missing you! You me and need to end this span of no chatting
Yeah!! Thanks Kathy - we are so happy she likes them! Give her a couple for us!
"I'm so ahead of my time, my parents haven't met" -Big L (R.I.P)
I hope you have the time of your life with her.
"His commitment as a board member, as a leader, as a man...I just want to say thank you." Frank Bisignano on Stephen J Meringoff.
Ready for the #Spurs game? It's gonna be a vs C.Paul MVP showdown Join #1 social network for #spursfans www.SpursConnect.com
Just realizing that "Somebody That I Used To Know" is actually a song by The Police. You know Sting would have killed it. (cc: )
my pleasure!
ahem, this was a donation from Oma. And a set of 16mm Eumig lenses. FROM 1951 AUSTRIA. Your move. (Also its my fav game too)
is legit #winning..... me and #10millionbeliebers got your back! :)
I NEED ANY TYPE OF PRODUCERS OUT THERE TO SEND YA BOY SOME BEATS ! SEND EM TO THANKS,WILL BE CREDITED!
we have TONS & healthy too! What kinds of foods are you interested in? We'll come cook for you :)
SCORM good if need to take it 2 dif LMS - bad for dropping connection 2 LMS - Moodle lesson long run more reliable delivery IMO :-)
Internship project done!!
Many thanks, Ania. Hope all is well.
Your brother is mad because you don't think Hot Spots are real, so he rolled you (in a tire) into the yard of the town spook!
... What did u do today
yes my left ARM and right leg lol
for realz! Gotta catch up sometime
it can be ms
so pretty !
At the premiere of this movie... did they move Gabrielle to the back of the theater?
I love you!! Hehe!;)
Getting ready to go to my sisters recital. I hate waking up early.
3 and out. Huge!
Am I just another cliche if I hate cliches?
Need to charge up your brain? Grab some protein. Chick fit-hit bowl has 29 grams of protein
Pretty sure I just saw the REAL Tyrone Biggums, at Starbucks!
you are responsible for your own happiness. you choose.
I'm waiting to hear of short- and long-term benefits to students & local residents vs other priorities.
I Know I Fell Bad :'(
More important: Where you eating while you're in C-Town?
whats that supposed to mean
MOM: Make your bed! ME: Why make my bed If Im gunna sleep In It again tonight? MOM: Why wipe your ass If your gunna poop again? ME: O_O”
MAX552AEUB+, small volume for best price, check www.synpur.com
Not funny. Thanks for the nightmares.
loving it. Missing my girls but love this city and the job. Learning a lot and having a blast.
Twisting Tuesday night at Chili's in Wilmington, Ma. from 6-8PM Kids eat FREE! Come in and Visit!
that's awesome.
This is the first end of Daylight Savings Time I've woken up an hour early instead of sleeping in an hour later.
Willie Harris should be released, but I think it more likely that Frazier goes back to A.
Two redeye flights in three days. I leave tonight at 11pm and get back to Tampa at 11am
In his defense, I once fell asleep at a James Brown concert. On the other hand, I was eight, and it was late.
Moments last forever
I luv-ed Jewel as Kaylee. Just watched Serenity last week on a big screen here in Seattle. So good!
Hey Tevez!! get the fuck away from Rooney!!
Come visit north ridgeville!
oh my god, that's awful!
"Soul flower take me flying with you."
Time for a shower
Washington Post is saying that George Zimmerman is going to be arrested. Looks like something is about to break.
Are you out hitting the links with Swindle and Sparks?
little late on that one
Feelings do not pass, we simply do not show
haha good times. That place was so shitty.. How did we never get robbed? I spell checked that sign before.
That would be harder to check. But it wasn't good, to be sure.
On a billboard: Goliath may have been big, but David had game.
good morning!
Can't wait for summer league to start again
Angels, Ducks, and Galaxy - though I rarely pay attention to hockey.
Film trailers: ‘Chimpanzee’ and ‘To the Arctic’ 3D for Earth Day
I can't wait for the day when you follow me! Your so pretty and I love your music!
VOTE FOR NBA ALL STAR GAME !!!!
S/O to go follow her,!
sleep puts everyone in a better mood.
I know it is called a Bull-pen but does that mean that it has to be full of ****?
That's pretty much how I dance.
Attention: Emergency casting for today! We need african american man, woman or both, 25-35yo for unpaid child abuse outreach film project o
By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote.
lol and it make yall women want it all the time.
nice in high yea i fuck wit 2 chainzzzzz
I wanna visit my home town..
And to the ones throwing jabs I'll remind you what happened on march 31st. We advanced to a natl title that we won
I get her once , I bet you keep coming back for more ...
“: Thanks to for not using as the model for the Battlestar shirts on the online store.” --LOL
Even the best fall down sometimes. Even the stars refuse to shine
And for those who hate lending books, Roger Rosenblatt mirrored their sentiments when saying,
its seriously like EVERYONES birthday today... Keegan Allen, selena g, Madison P, dan radcliffe. seriously, wth.
Thanks for this list, Gail. It's very helpful. American Girl, Discovery Girls, and Sports Illustrated are our most popular mags.
sucks when someone needs u and u dont have ur phone..
Doesn't Fitty Cent have a children's book out??
I'm a little scared...
Hello Mz. Fiired Girl What You Be Bout Hitcha With That Engine 9 Come Get Firehosed Down: D$money
WE are excited about what the Bible says about love and life, are YOU? #loveliferehab THIS Sunday 9:30 and 11. Come... you know you want to!
though that should be , no _
#Women! #Equal #pay for equal work!
Really, really digging Lower Dens right now.
trying to get 200 followers,if you get me there di will love you forever no homo..lol
When everyone else says no..we say Yes!
don't know if he'll be able to get more than $360k per week he's allegedly making now...
I just started. It took me awhile to see that it was possible.
Does anyone else on twitter feel like they are being followed?
Jim Dougherty & I are instructors for a new acting workshop @ GJC Talent, first class was last night. We r going to raise the bar w/ locals.
<----no regrets
True! I have a great commercial agent here that keeps me busy, otherwise I'd find a way to justify that trip!
Damn my fake hair looks better curled & when I put it to the side like how I used to do it C:
It's nice to cuddle maybe twice a year. Other than that, it's really unnecessary.
so much for Tebow magic...he was a hot QB the last 6 weeks and that's it..enough of the divine intervention stuff finally?? ok???
lmao I have done that!!
more awkward than usual
Im bout 2 b uploading new music 2 my youtube channel. U should check me out....
done with class early yay
Good thing school starts next week
GOODNIGHT WORLD!
#2012c19 Lindsay Reckson's paper on electricity completely fascinating.
Thank you!!
Love on Top fits theme but not mood, I guess...
RT : Angels Jered Weaver has thrown a no-hitter. For what it's worth, the Mets have gone 7,993 games without a no-hitter.
This man need to come on!
I don't come to your call, what am I a dog ? Sorry I'm trying to fix this but obviously you don't care . Whatever I'm done trying .
and ur an Italian dancer? lol oh mann
I am a skitsofrenic creative. Dov Charney. American apparel .Made in America success stories
#ThingsIHateInTheMorning having to b @ work!
Wow, Buick went from using lame dubstep in its ads to prominently featuring Jason Collett instead. Things are looking up.
That Mental Pain Aint No Joke..
the past 3 posts on FB sum it up.... thanks gang...
After Tuesdays win #flapanthers fans are gonna toss spray on tanned italian American meatheads and skanks to the ice.
I'm one happy museum & social media-loving historian doing historical research for a museum's social media. Major, major win.
I can get enough of anything in this world but I cant getenough of God.
OH: I fucking love wallpaper
Can't believe I'm old enough to see albums I listened to in college get reissued.
I know you're a skank that's why you're pregnant, but you're still acting like a skank while there's a life inside of you. You need help.
I hope not hahahaha
Can u send them.
Thick Girls that be Virgins.
Thanks much. We love making connections in Chicago arts and culture. Stay in touch!
Fly like a butterfly sting like a bee
We perfected a chocolate gluten free cupcake today! :)
We're starting a rumor about you. Details to follow. I love gossip!
family enrichment series features Ballet Noir May 5 at 12noon. Join us!
spurs still good?
Come to courtroom Fri. 6:30 pm Pray the Devil Back to Hell screening/reception. I'm leading discussion on women and peace. Free
hope u feel better
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. -Jim Rohn
I didn't know I was going to be cuddled on!
I knew there was a reason I had #journey stuck in my head. "Anyway you want it"
Thank you for tweeting out my article this morning. I really appreciate it.
Vote for Jack Hewett for SGA President (under the 'Write In' category)
Love this. Mark Twain had a folksy wisdom. His picture is on my desk when I write to encourage me. Thanks.
first time at press club? I love it. liked it better when it was pay one at the door though...
Blues D3 win. Both sides on to elite 8!!
Who names their child "bean". Seriously
Listening to Slick Rick's Greatest Hits!!! what ya'll know bout this
not over until sarah sings
Im guessing bro codes, out of the picture? Lmao ;)
I don't even knw what to do anymore....
This Saturday the Dome Room is crosstown clubbin with ! Wear your Cubs v.s. Sox gear + rep your team!
It's #HalfPriceFriday!! Come play with us for only $4!!
But which are more depressed? RT : Smiths fans will always be cooler than Cure fans.
Lunch date with my boyy <3
<U+200F> Thanks, Lindsay! #werealotlikeyou RT Please enter "PEMCO northwest profiles" in youtube if you want to know what the NW is like.
Amazing late night phone call from loopy and crazy made my night!
My baby is almost here!!! I missed her so much!!!
yeah, I'm down. I bet Daniels down too, elevation tokes or what? Haha.
RT: Kaitlyn Never had a driver I didn't like!
I have a dig bick. You this read wrong. You read that wrong too.
Just a reminder, if you have to be up early tomorrow don't forget to turn your clocks back before you go to bed tonight
My friend's 4G phone just put my 3G laptop to shame. Can't wait till Sprint gets 4G in L.A. and I can afford to upgrade.
DAMIEN EWELL RT Can anyone recommend a great hair stylist and makeup artist in the Madison County area?
I'm sick of watching Craig Monroe stutter.
Proud of our partners at Back to Life. Almost there.
I'd move out with you but I don't wanna be stuck with your dysfunctional relationship #breakitoff now
haha I know I won't.... too scared!
happy birthday!!! Have the best day ever! Don't let anyone put u down!!! :)
Looks like I'm number 30 this year.
which stocks will do well tomm - Energy or Financials?
The Land of Enchantment, so true.
fashionably late I see
Listening to speak. Enjoying it.
A wonderful 4th of July is upon us, I am in Philly, where ever you are; find Happiness on this Independence day! Happiness is Freedom!
RT : The #Packers have told S Nick Collins this morning that he will be released.
No boy is EVER worth your pain.
RT : RT : BOTDF FOREVER! PLEASE RT IF YOU ARE PART OF THE #SGTCFAMILY AND FUCKING PROUD OF IT! SGTC TILL THE VERY DE ...
Mom took me to the park after the Vet so....I'm cool.
Once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you. What ever they say defines them, not you.
Yes, mam! You can early vote until Tuesday the 10th.
lol I thought knew me mr
I think you should do it. They need our support, specifically his family.
Typical Request at work: we have no idea if anyone can do this, but your job is to complete this task...
Happy birthday (: finally 16!
#bookideas Working title: THE HANGMAN'S TALE ! Somebody get New York on the line!
The next person that says, "the ROI on this is going to be insane," automatically loses 2 points of respect.
Seeking a DFW area Home Repair Contractor for a project in Grandview Texas - rebuild garage, replace house siding and roofing. Please DM us.
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
Thank you Tony!! ACN cofounder Tony Cupisz just posted that quote! I'm so thankful! See his & more at www.marlenebrehm.com
Yesterday was April Fool's Day. Did you fool anyone? Don't be fooled into thinking you're too young to plan for retirement.
- Your support overwhelms me. Thank you again,Chris! Have a beautiful music filled day :)
“: She came in the house and said she made an 'oops'. smh.” hahaha gotta love women ;)
fyi...the links are not working....
A: Dupont, Fantome, Struise, La Rulles, Evil Twin, Mikkeller, Traquair House, Schloss Eggenberg. Q: What was just added to our bottle list?
Having big soft mushy, yet firm boobs hit you in the face during sex is what makes life worth living
Found some 20 year old paper in the junior locker area! me:Ima keep it! Kevin:It belongs in a museum!
Safety payout = new ipod
Gotcha. Thanks!
Watching Glee
Watched the Other guys last night, can't understand why they had you guys jump off the building, jump for the bushes?
Supposed to be studying for a test but on twitter instead
Thx for the follow, from the new editions to the Brookland community!! We look forward to getting to know you :-)
haha shutupp! they should have done it to yall too!
that sounds delightful
I think that's a very good point.
Was just about to post that. Now let's talk about local teens saying "beaucoup" (true story)
Gr8 tip RT : And remember you can even teach flavors to baby in advance, while pregnant or nursing.
Um... yes? [sheepish grin]
When have I EVER claimed I am some angel or person that needs to be looked up to? LOL
yes, I know:)
#Blazed “: Your wrong. #WhatIWouldSayIfIWereACardsFan RT : They probably also misuse "Your" and "You're"...”
Only one more Wednesday $1.00 breakfast Taco day Will be gone after next week.Come and enjoy and save while you can.
Wish I had more mac 'n' cheese to eat )-:
great, could there be an ASP of some sort which address this disconnect?
If I ignore it, it will go away, right? How is everyone? :)
RT : Winthrop has made a big splash in the Big South, knocking off the #2 Liberty Flames, 61-56.
being in the Percy Jackson sequel has me excited for the possibilities....I enjoyed the first one.
Average training for even large amounts of weight loss shouldnt need to snack during a workout. But fluids are very important!
What's with this black lacquer coat on every car I see? You're still never gonna be Batman.
Since this wont get retweeted, I think its safe to say that I drew myself in on the boys bball poster holding onto thomas..........
Unless they involve Clyde Stubblefield, James Gadson or members of King Crimson, I'm generally anti-drum-solo.
Omar, thanks for following!
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; theres only scarcity of resolve to make it happen. Wayne Dyer
great show on twit! :)
So I had to get our of the drive thru line to take a certain passenger to the bathroom but I got my spot back....
hope you have a greet day! ;)
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen. - Frank Lloyd Wright
#Brewers loss + & = Jacque's win!!! Fun night. Again, again!!
scraps kinda looks like hannibal lecter with the muzzle on. and that's a good look 4 scraps.
should get more talk for the NBA's Most Improved POY award. To go from being waived by to starting for is amazing.
hey y'all find me at neumos tonight! pop n' pose for a pic & get a pass to our #snacksecret show on saturday
Getting harder & harder to find Function drinks in NYC. What's up w that?! Places listed as retailers don't sell anymore. :(
This is the part of me , that you never gonna ever take away from me , NO..
#kids Hawaiian Hula Traditions for Teens and Adults at the Gibson: Hawaiian Hula Traditions for Teens and Adults at the Gibson Saturday,...
Resource of the Week: General One File, featuring 12,000 periodicals, newspapers, reference books and multimedia sources...
What happened to spring weather? I put up my sweaters last week.
Congratulations Frank in Folsom! He won Disneyland Park Hopper passes with The Misplaced Spring Break! Another chance to win at 1p!
Law Office of Mercedes V. Castillo has joined twitter!
thanks my psych friends..I found my expert
Peach flavored Jolly Rancher is the worst fucking flavor EVAR.
btw I love the curly hair boo its #sexy :) an thank you I can't wait either
Oh crap. I already read this on Facebook!
If you got any pictures of last night's show, send em our way!! We'd love to have them.
There's nothing wrong with being yourself.
A year from now you may wish you had started today.
I stared right at the middle and finally realized what was wrong with my life.
thank you. she sure has a way of ending good conversations.
If you aren't wearing the blue today, get out of my face.
thanks for your passion for wonderful art that belongs to the people. Great tour last night!
Congrats to My girl made the 2011 Hot 100 list! Holler YAY!! :)
Hey - I think thats the wrong exit ;)
Hope I gave some descent ideas! Thx for coming ;) -CarolV
dm me sometime?
I have dyslexia with words
depends how bad it gets, it's not anything can't be fixed yet. Somebody has to get his head in the game
lol,I've been being a bad back n forth Btwn the 2 ! Im addicted n cnt make a descision ;) I like having my cake n eating it 2
Thank you to everyone who came out last night!
Jackhammers at 7am on a Saturday? W T F ?
I once watched her in an audition of her own. The casting director, directed her to many different modes and she gave him exactly what he
did you make that caprese salad that is your background? It looks BEYOND delicious!
lunch special:all natural chicken breast sandwich with onion, bacon, and spinach sauteed all together and swiss on whole wheat bread.$9
Does he sing to all ur music, while u dance to purple rain, does he do all these things...Like We Used To<3
How coe your not ever going to do a show here in Indiana,if you are you should do a Meet n Greet
watching neighbors' 1-year-old twin girls :-)
WTH. I some how butt text a status? Weird
At Jak's... At 4:15 there was a 45 min wait! I'm at the bar... No wait. Will report back :)
+1 MT Rob Fatland: #dataviz needs: get your data into the tool, visualize it, ***share*** it. All 3 steps are necessary.
A week from now I will be waking up in a tent in the Rocky Mountains!!
Agreed. What he has done & what he promised voters to get him elected are 2 different, dangerous things
#FREE #FLIPCAM?! Like us on facebook! www.facebook.com/RealMomTV Flipcam #giveaway on July 12th!
Hell yea
can anyone recommend a solid 2d animator? need to have 5 or 10 20 second clips developed... please rt!
hello beautiful!! i'm still trying to figure this stuff out. so bear with me. :D
I love my #iPhone and #iPad. They make me happy!
did voiceover work for Pizza Hut today and got very hungry. :)
One may need to break things to make them better
Read two children's books this weekend Junonia by Kevin Henkes and The trouble with May Amelia by Jennifer Holm. mock Newbery ahead!!
WHEN THE DEViL SEE'S YOU DOiNG GOOD HE'S ALWAYS SOMEWHERE TRYNA STEAL YOUR JOY!
Lunch is ready to serve
oh. my. gosh. I LOVE IT! Emmie, Laikyn, and Knox <U+2764>
I love when the UL band has to play, "My Old KENTUCKY Home." They have to cringe!
Go check out Unknown Hinson tonight in nashville at exit/ inn 11:00.
i miss austin already:(
Or in infomercial sales.
Kim Kardashian & Joe Biden are in the same building. There's a punchline in there somewhere, isn't there?
weather is going to be perfect in maui all week looks like :)
I sure wish I had some Easter leftovers...y'all better not let all that good food go to waste! Next time, there will be carbs :)
hey nick!! Have you taken BUS 201 (the excel class)?? If you have, do we need a book for that class??
Thx for the love!
Some good news this morning? Was down to 197 on the scale. /flex Nearly 114 down now.
this could be the first trumpet; might as well be the last
I don't trust people who don't wear watched.
RT : If you care: GO IN to your local library. Patronize it. See how it's doing. See what it needs. Use it and care for it.
Syria is falling apart. The government definitely has its back against the wall.
Laker fans always calling somebody a hater..! Lol
why don't you hop a plane to the arch in ST louis and I'll meet you:)
we <3 u! though we sadly fulfill flakey friend category of late. see you tmrw at market! we don't need #castle 2 b friends :)
1 word Lotion
Pet Peeve: people who talk on their cells in public restrooms.
Back in home. Unfortunately, as soon as I got home I had to take the littlest to the hospital where he'll have to stay over night. Yuck.
Your senses will not be "mollified" by Liz Dutton's upcoming performance in AET's "Bobby Gould In Hell"
Guess what??? I just tweeted! Lol
LMAO! I don't know what you thinking about, but I talking about strawberries!!!! lol I see where ya head is
I have the greatest best friend in the world. God couldn't have given me a more loyal friend. #loveher <U+263A>
I'll take that as a, uh, maybe? You were getting invited regardless. Even if you didn't want to be.
My handwritings bad. Wrote in sketch she works in the next rm & it looks like she works in the rectum.
your mean:/
Time to chill, listen to music, and watch 24 for awhile. Around 7 or 8 I'll plan for about 2 hours before bed.
I'm a 1/5 of a century old & I think I am having a 1/4 life crisis. I feel like I am falling short & that I should be doing more w/ my life.
totally heartbreaking...haven't confirmed this but you can only imagine probably high school friends on Spring Break :(
We'll be closed tonight Monday the 25th bc our AC blew up! See you Wednesday
90's R&B is still what i bump.! IDGAF
Why thx RT : #FF and Why? Because they always have such interesting folks in their
Just got my cookbook in the mail... Hm. What to make for dinner???
RT : I wish today was friday
come visit ;)) alwaqys warm and sunny!!! and plenty of beaches ;))
I would be the happiest girl in the world if you would follow me :) FOLLOW ME PLEASE !!! #iloveyou <3
Oh you're older than me by a year? That automatically makes you better than me on so many levels.
Summit I is over. THANK YOU to all who participated and attended.#Collaboration #Best_Practices #HomelessSummit - It's All for the kids
I totally meant to respond to this tweet, but...
Had a blast filming yesterday with Lisa Nichols from The Secret, Wendy Ladd from Fabulous, Fit and Fantastic and many others!
I adore 's turquoise and caicos nail polish:)
One of my dearest Twitter pals. I don't know how I got along without her wit and style. #FollowFriday (via )
Perelman School of Medicine Commencement & Reception, Kimmel Center for the Perf. Arts, #PennAW 9-noon
lol chill... We Gucci
#confession I have had sex in my office...
I told her ill give head when you get better at giving head...you're slacking
"Grammar. Grammar never changes."
Please just get out of my life cuz you're ruining it
thanks HALF-MAN, HALF-AMAZIN Person!
Head on over to the Hustler Club for $2 U CALL IT 6p-9p & FREE FOOD 7p-10p and smoking hot honeys!!!
thanks for the follow, and thanks for letting me know about my site. fixed it, please check it out and let me know what u tnk
RT If All You Wanna Do Is Listen To Lady Gaga's Music All Day Long
In the market for some
sure if im home and not doin nothin lol
At New Amsterdam anticipating the reunion set of Passion of the crates...ahh...hip-hop from a simpler time
She said "i can't whip my hair cuz my weave will fly off again!" Hahah
Hm. Intriguing.
Boy you got my heart beat running away, beating like a drum and it's coming your way
Dory: "Hey I just met you, and this is crazy. Hey i just met you."
What we singing tonight??
John Travolta performed on American Bandstand on this day in 1976. He was chubby. :-)
Always nice to see on his visits to ice rinks in Cali
walk up in the house 2 am where the food at? im tryna have it ready when i finish fuckin you.
Preparing my old messenger bag to be my new man-purse.
it's working.
too bad i cant even fall asleep, so its gonna end up being late for me..... WHATS NEW
FOLLOW THEY FOLLOW BACK
Tell your Dad I said thanks! Team Freedom misses each other but the battle for liberty continues!
continues to be THE shit. Great show, & overall fun bday weekend in seattle.
Howdy Under Lessens
Working and working. Got chapter 2 in Card Masters. ^_^
I'm terrible with names (sorry!). Could the person who had the "DH Foursquare" idea at the poster session message me? Thx!
that sucks cuz i was looking forward to hanging out with sombody i like -__-
Sunday morning. Just a week.
new beats <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
yea i am at 300 tweets n didnt even notice it LOll :))!!!!!!!!!
Just wanna go to the park and ball
This school's courtyard has a mama duck with 7 ducklings! Pictures have been taken.
something fishy going on with ENTI... way too much volume for supposed freeze on shares.
A walk to remember<33 all these chick flicks are overwhelming!!!
I need some color before the cold november air kicks in!!
hate you guys! wish i heard my phone ring :(
At 20 years of age the will reigns; at 30, the wit; and at 40, the judgment
friend/sister/everything
Lavish team on top www.llsclothing.com
Lets just fuck so we can move on and get toknow eachother
[2/2] Kimberly Kralowec, Amy Fisch Solomon and Christine Spagnoli. We admire your great work and are proud to have you as members!
THIS BUS DRIVER IS DUCKING CRAZY. just passed by without even stopping. And the next bus takes like a fucking hour
Hot dogs, ice cream, peanut butter crackers, apple and watermelon juice.... #fuckyousmokin?
"Controversial rapper Common"...co-star of Date Night.
lol tell me about it!
Thanks for connecting with cultureID!
will be NBA champs by them
So far today I have wagered on 3 #Soccer matches around the world get on the list
It's here! www.phillytreemap.org - thanks to all who came to for the launch. Now go map some trees!
on the ultimate beer run.
Ben LOVES that movie. I've got it on dvd, of course. We should have a viewing party.
Amazing weather on Collins Ave today.
Family Fights always happen when a bunch of family come around eachother.... :/
If i hadnt said it before.... I LOVE VICTORIA SECERT COMMERICALS... adraina lima will be mine, oh yes, she will be mine.. yummy
you're welcome :)
Voldemort is definitely always wearing a kimono. Also, does he sleep? Or...eat..? Or pee...?
If the #ACA goes down, maybe at least we can have a real conversation about a single payer system, what we really need, in this country.
On tap for #UPEIAN105 this week: Arranged marriages, female husbands, and societies w/out fathers. In other words, the usual.
Good morning! Friday, April 1st is the deadline for graduate admission applications for June 2011.
Sorry to hear of your loss.
You go, girl!
HAHA! Good one. And nope it's a more sullen song about letting go and moving on.
Had A Blast on the Hour of Power Show @ the Improv Lab on Melrose. Big ups to for the spot. Great Show! #loraxin3D im down
Congrats, Reginald Baylor! Baylor honored by Wis. Arts Board for his outstanding contribution to the field. Visit him: reginaldbaylor.com
Bucks game with
It's like he's using telekinesis.
so freaking tired
I will freak if you follow me<3
I wonder how much of this movie I can record on my iPhone?
#YouWasCuteUntil I realized who you really were.
The fuck you talking hella loud for nigga i'm right here in yo face...
I have loved since 2004, and I love him even more today. BLESS G-D AND BLESS THE GAYS! AND VOTE!
he killed a black guy in that fight; but most teens in rugged hoods all call each other nigga; so why should that make it a hate crime? The.
it's too hot!
The Empire Strikes Back
Cameron Loe is not clutch.
what do I need to do to get a cute pit bull booked as the WWHL bartender when my book comes out in October?
You need to visit me sometime. We haven't seen/talk to each other in so long!
Wait till the slime is green. We know what that will mean.
Love making reservations to see shows while in #NY. A reminder, I am at the Metropolitan Room March 28, 9:30.
I'm not a fan of Colletta's. He made George Perez's early #Avengers work look stiff.
It's just changing your password haha
good man!
That's cold AF!!!
The rain helps me fall asleep.
that painful moment when you floss your teeth too hard and your gum swells up and makes your tooth hurt like a mofo...
got your cd today was so happy and excited HAPPIEST GIRL EVER!!!!!!!! <3
Like a boss!
Don't do it Fam!!! We didn't lol at Derrick Rose getting hurt.
Just started watching the series #thewalkingdead and ya its sad, and creepy haha :D
Introducing new LHG colleague - experienced artist manager, Spencer Wells, he's worked with James Morrison, David Gray & Beverly Knight
music on the showroom speakers today is 'rockin' -
We have your RSVP. You might have your pop up blocker turned on. You only need your conference pass to attend the after parties.
I wanted a ticket but I woke up to late, so I decided to buy a lot of shirts, posters, and hoodies from your site<3
On the edge of my seat!! RT : Nine minutes remain in the countdown for space shuttle Atlantis’ final launch at 11:26:46 a.m.
I'm sick of hearing the term 'Christian definition of marriage'. The Bible is not a Fucking dictionary.
are you good at doing imagine tweets??
#edshow Obama needs to go to Wisconsin... like yesterday.
Save the Date for Oscar Night Party Feb 27 - details coming soon!
bubble guns are the Shit! Got one for my niece a few years back, she chases them around like a puppy with a ball. So cute :D
Coming Back To Michigan Today! Yaayy ! :D
Another cute guy but Im looking all scrubby. Not in my elemt today bro.
Girl: Why are you always following me? Boy: When I was younger, my mother always told me follow my dreams. Cute <3
you work in Oakland still, right? Get some!
Stick on dat bitch den lol": He bet not bring that bitch to the banquet cuz she can get her as beat there too"
Finally in Phoenix. So ready to get out of this car. Lol
Glenn Campbell is da man!
nothing wrong with that.
Yes he has such a great insight to life !
that's pretty good given all the upsets!! I've got Wisconsin, but we'll see!
So is this a good for Overeem?...This doc is nuts!
Thank Andy! Xoxo
This is after 7 phone calls to customer service. Ok. End of rant. Turning my day around NOW!
must be smh
Perforce Chronicle makes website workflow configurable. "Bring sanity into deployment management." Plus WYSIWIG editor.
I'm already two beers in! Where R U?
16th century French
miss ya today! i feel like i have no friends!now i know how ya feel those frees #merp ps you didnt do english ya little shit
SHADES I REPEAT SHADES IS MINE
#LTBroadcasts "Chicago is strapped for funds, 14,000 school teachers are looking for their salaries" (4/24/31)
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.-Mark Twain
another account?
Thank you #TROOPS!
SRI testing in language arts today
thanks Joshua. :)
thanks so much!
Software #l10n tip 6: Plan for the whole process. The text translation phase is often less than 1/2 of the overall software #l10n effort.
Thx for the email saying your "overabundance of labor" is why I dont have my order. U clearly don't know what the phrase means
Sweetness. And good luck today!
Getting nervous. :/
Last night, 'your Best Loved Marches' was great at Carson Middle School. Don't miss tonight's show at the Palace, Greensburg!
Journalism can come from the people.If you are negatively affected by a law, a regulation in your town, school or in your workplace you can:
They judge you now, but they will need you someday. They ignore you now, but they will chase you someday. That's life.
I think Jim Caldwell makes a huge mistake in taking Peyton Manning out and throwing away the perfect season. This team does not win the SB.
Wants a real realtionship but no drama/:
why'd I have to be asleep when were calling fans!? :'(
now Mike you know the Cowboys aint the Ravens. And I like the Cowboys.
It has happened because neither you nor I wanted to give that person what he or she needed.
Thanks so much ! So we're you !!! Amazing job ! (:
BUT... BUT... Winston is so cute, Shayne! He is probably the cutest dog ever! He should be able to get away with slobbering
there is very little to reach the 50,000 followers =)
Online shopping is my weakness.... i blame you
Million miles away
I'm never conscious I'm turnin women into monsters til it all go bad
Grades are all posted, semester officially over. Really enjoyed it, but 3 classes was too much!
Colin Murchie (ask about him) put me right on this a few years ago. And Colin's always right. It's "champing."
dude, congrats on ur deal, so pumped u are going to be a Raven for at least 5 more yrs
hillarious. Yes makeup, but dont get too excited. Where r u? Shan and I want to go out!
By the grace of God, I do not rest at all
The power just went off @ work and my only concern was finding my purse, smh.
yup what a kick a$$ day
Ooh girl, someone should tell you that those tights are not opaque.
": woo pocket qq and they held"<~ seems like QQ is a mid pair sometimes...
Happy to have Jamie back home after doing search and rescue in West Liberty. Looking at pictures he took and it is truly unbelievable.
I dislike being sick because then I can't workout. If I do, my sickness get's worse. #damnyougerms (binges on nyquil)
truth: fact, actuality, reality
Is that a Pabst your smuggling in or are ya just happy to see me?
So keep ya head up ^.^
Hero gets dogpiled by 15 zombies. Director repeatedly yells CUT. Zombies keep going until physically stopped. repeat across 5 takes.
I'm loving this weather! Stay posted for our culinary camp for kids coming this summer! Registration coming!
Hey did you get our email about being a writer?
Silly Norv Turner. You can't ice god.
Don Paul is on the First Ward Parade Irish Drinking Team. Amazing.
I totally agree! It makes me wanna watch it right now lol Joseph Gordon-Levitt is awesome :) Hope you're doing well too!
We are happy to announce the Grand Opening of our Yoga Studio on June 12, 2011. The room is ready and looks fantastic.
Yes, White. Poppy was the 1950s but as much Brown decision as Crocker. Great focus. My head would explode advising it.
What i Love about America 2009 www.rickeyleewatson.com Sweeping the country !
What are the biggest cvhallenges you face when remodeling your home?
Today's my birthday so I went to olive garden with my friends an family . :)
normally reasonable and professional, continues ESPN's GUTLESS, pathetic indictment of Braun. Buster, that's pathetic.
Looks like today is going to be another good one
oops sorry get at me now meow
Hey, I'm a little drunk on you, and high on summertime.<3(:
Waiting in line to get tonight's poster, 4 people ahead of me #yemsg. Looking for an extra
thank you right back! Excited to tweet with you! Follow us on Facebook!
Thanks for the shout-out REEL Directory #SJSFF Drop by, watch some shorts, you know you want to
He will always be a #yankee, thank you Jorge Posada for 17 years of wearing the #Pinstripes with Pride!
CORRECT TWEET: reports #ChenGuangcheng phoned in today to US Congressional Exec Commission, chaired by Reps Smith & Wolf
Reading INCARNATE by is dangerously addictive. seriously, you've been warned.
“Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without.” -Confucius
will you follow me? :D
I'm tired of SINGLE james lmao!
OLIV. PINK STURDY V.
Go Empress, hahaha!!!!
The baby slept from 6:45 pm - 6:15 am. I know; I would hate me, too.
so mean lol
Club shirts and jeans, or shorts to the knee RT : can u tell us what we can't and can wear tmrw? Lol I dozed off.
4 years ago i couldn speak one word of english.... Now ican :D
Reading 50 Shades of Grey on my day off and can't put it down! HOT! LOVE LOVE LOVE! Thanks !
Im going end of april. So excited!RT I made up my mind LV
Sartorial success at the Scored a beautiful green dress and a bubbly cup of Cook's
Hey everybody ill be on MTV's True Life: "Bout that life" airing in a couple weeks. Look out for it!
Today feels like a lovely day to quit my job.
I've been here for 20 minutes.
well his ex was all over him and he looked at me and just turn back like nothing
Thanks to and , had a good time talkn football, beer, wrestling, Pantera, and building "forts" with your neighbors fence
Nothing to do? Yes you do! Come to any of our 4 locations and get your MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL ON! $20 gets you a large 2 topping pizza &...
Nigga to get with me is an opportunity .
Happy thanksgiving everyone!!! Tune in to channel 4 at 9:30 to see us open the thanksgiving day parade!!!!
#ItsCrazyHow you can listen to a song a million times & it never gets old
sorry dude. Hope ticket was cheap.
trust me, imma try that weapon real hard today! So glad to read u are runnin again <3
Women entering the labor force creates greater social and economic opportunities for owning a home and sending kids to college.
this week is my last one. I get out Friday
juwan when did or did u see the #Kony2012 video i posted if u did tell everyone about it thanks <3 :-)
Shaving my head after spring break is over.
In the 90s. Bands still made tons of money. But, none of them wanted it.
Today, one month after jerked me around, they now follow up to see if my service if okay? Abject failure. Don't use them for anything.
I was gonna tell him stop usin you to smoke smh but you already did,
EVERYONE is high. EVERYONE is dealing. EVERYONE is doing EVERYTHING! Peace out.
Woman at the library: "I detect a southern accent." Me: "Do what?"
joining twitter. holla
Thanks for the connection Tamela, look forward to your tweets :)
dont stress such sub-par work. anybody stupid enough to pay $49 for such terrible work isn't worth having as a client.
In 1937, a gallon of gas cost ten cents.
Serious question; If Dunder Mifflin was a real company, how quickly would they shut down the Scranton branch?
So fucking pumped for Darren Clarke.
Once I was a rich man, now I am so poor
18 shows in and 2 more #indyfringe 1sts. Oneymoon the 1st show with rap and tap. Strike 1st musical starring bowling pins. Both good times.
Lots of sad stories tonight. :(
Glad to know it wasnt just mine
MF Doom and Mastaace? Damn! What is next? The Apocalypse?
Football season has finished, so there is NO reason not to begin focusing on baseball! What have you been doing to prepare?
My tv won't fast forward when Rick Santorum speaks :(.
the witches and warlock bash tonight at retreat nightclub nyc. 37 w.17 street betw. 5 & 6 avenues. no cover. costume or all black attire;)
Hi! Just wanted you to know that we'll be reaching out to you soon. Looking forward to showing you a demo.
Sober nights in Canton are brutal! I promised a bro night to so rally up boys
Aw Thank you(:
Is Mitt Romney implying that our trees in Wisconsin AREN'T the right height?
ha yeah I know it's just so time consuming :/
Cachaça is the 3rd largest spirit category in the world. It's a rum made from sugarcane juice, aged in unusual wood barrels.
Well, she has you instead!! I mean she could have married a really smart successful guy! It's only money!
Maybe she will ..
10 ways to love: listen, speak, give, pray, answer, share, enjoy, trust, forgive & promise.
is the world's best birth control
DON'T BE MAD GET GLAD <U+E32D> LOL
Omg. OSU found the endzone with 57 seconds left
": aye' needs to #SIGN ponnahs C B Y A to thank me later :D"
How can I text? Oh ha thanks to T9 I can
is that a challenge?? It's on!
#GoingRed with #Glutenfree cream of buckwheat with #fresh berries!
Really want to see What To Expect When You're Expecting.
Big Things Poppin.
thank you so much! #FF Hope to see you in Charlotte for the DNC!
Emo hair everywhere today. China town has be taken over by a army of fall out boys!
Why is it always so god awful HOT on the bus?!
Where are you guys planning to watch #MNF? Stop by your nearest #bartab bar for $1 drinks! A fun and cheap way to go out with friends!
Just got my hair and nails done!
Nails toes laundry and shopping. I should get out of bed.
lol it is fun saying slow especially tasting it over and over making sure it taste good...burp
Single most brilliant hashtag of the
Glad to help! Have a great time at the show!
WCK RECORD IS MY LABEL AND FLATOUT!ENT A.D.S AND A-1 ENT G.M.S IS MY TEAMS NOW WHAT LOL VIDEOS AND SHOWS COMING
Hey now, that's not just me. Cab rides add up real quick.
Places to go, money to see!
Whoever stole my granola bar off my desk at work is gonna DIE 2night!
Kareem, Worthy, Byron Scott, etc were better than Pippen and anyone else Jordan had.
Time to see which item in the vending machine is most breakfast-like.
Still laughing at changing her name to Muhammad x] This is why I love my bestfriend <3
“: One more of Bush's fuckups fixed.”
i love the song pray by justin bieber
this is savanna
me to.
Omg so um joe Jonas and cody Simpson get punk'd next thurs gunna b a good one
Hey, when are you here?
Every performance from Phillip sounds/looks the same. He needs to change it up.
i fucks with prince. when i was immature i thought he was suspect but shit even females cant pull off the moves he crunk in those heels
come on we leaven
do larger facilities improve health outcomes, patient well being, neighborhood development, or mortality/morbidity rates?
: thanks, girl! Love you too. And so proud of you and all you're accomplishing!
When Vanna White got married, she and her husband exchanged vowels
#FF The Best Arizona Restaurant Resource!
If SCOTUS kills health care reform, it will be a political decision, not a constitutional one.
working on more
Actually what you said make a lot of sense for an ethnographer. I like the idea of catching video of people "in the moment".
Starbucks new dark cherry mocha is delicioso!
Ok whatever! CALL
I never seem to learn my lesson
I would argue that Jan Brewer probably got into an intense argument with Obama, not the other way around.
#ESHealthChat I don't think you should totally cut anything out but definitely cut way down on grains and carbs!
Finally watching Abduction!! Was not able to catch it at the theater so I got it yesterday on DVD. Pushing play. Excited!
going to clean
sounds good! :)
Seven Layer Dip for dinner.
What do you do when you get bored? I am so bored right now... give me ideas people
It's too damn hot...
We got some cool things coming soon...cool shows, cool music... :)
I wish I could retweet myself.
Heyy . Your Pretty no homo ! lmfaooooo
Enough running it on first down it's not working
I'm so excited. And I just can't hide it! for
Thanks baby I needed that *muah* ": Good luck with those exams to all the students! Study hard so u can party harder!"
You might feel worthless to one person, but you are priceless to another.
Thank you, they are my Pride & Joy! See you on the next one.
Was it worth it?
I can hearing people in Detroit screaming from my house
Me: "How'd they get off your feet?". Him: "I took them off" Me: "Why?" Him: "So I could bring them to you." I do love his honesty.
Uneeda Burger has gone from very good to amazing!
Good Morning! Be a blessing to someone else today... I am so tired but I'm not going to complain!
Thunderstorm and Oscars and no one to share it with. :(
a soft rain falls this morning. the green is so deep. . .simply beautiful.
two weeks from now i will be watching blink-182, the foo fighters, never shout never, and the maine.
Happy Birthday Arlo! RT Wishing Arlo a wonderful, joyful, loveful birthday today!
& Steve Wilson had a great, fun, 2 day rain, chilly weather tour. See y'all in a few.
we wanna see what your feet look like too!
Oh my god, lady. Looks like Anti-Superbowl is a huge success!
Too many couples think the language of love is clever banter & cute put downs. Build a reservoir and fill it with positive deserved praise.
Tough break for Narveson and #Brewers. Estrada has earned the #5 spot with good spot starts last year and this year.
If Ron Paul wins the White House, would that delegitimize the electoral process?
yes! I make my own toothpaste, etc. highly recommended.
Awesome! Thanks for reaching out and have fun with the codes.
I'll have to look and see if that story can be found anyplace other than the out of print book I have.
I had to stay up cus he fucking put his ass on my face and kept on hitting me with the remote control
I sincerely wish you good luck with whatever you do after ETF.
Feeling very carnivorous today. Grrr. Making a dry rub for tri-tip dinner later.
PJ Harvey - On Battleship Hill is definitely my jam for today.
There's always the real mature girl that moves her hand away while shaking hands after the game.
What is it re: Twitter that draws u so strongly 2 the social media platform? Any element in particular capture your attention?
#1ThingAboutMySelf I don't like many people. So its really hard to catch my attention.
Girl this show is straight comedy
Just returned from my campaign strategy meeting! Stay tuned for some big announcements and local appearances!
Very helpful e-marketing webinar by Marketing Sherpa. Wished I could have listened to the rest! Thanks for the great info!
Good collection of artwork on the walls and a clean bathroom
Watch for more + news on student attendance as LA City Public Safety Cmte meets Monday AM...keeping students in school not court!
good times!
BDSM, basketball and Greys..so that's how you feel tonight TL? Nigh nigh <U+E003> I have nothing to contribute.
what's your favorite song of yours?
I could go for another big storm. I wouldn't mind falling asleep on the patio listening to it again. Very relaxing.
Awwh! ): Im pretty sure some Mahomies will record and upload it to YouTube though! (:
Why the fuck are you talking about me when I'm sitting right across from you?
how many he selling?
SolidFire Dave is going after hybrid solutions not all flash array
Then I realized that Walter's just plain crazy. So it works.
Omg!!! Actually tweeted back to me!!! I feel so loved & special :D lol hi ^_^
Can you follow me so I can DM you?
on what level? any artist or A list artists and what's it for?
Where's the info on the puzzle?
My office will always smell like a break room. Thanks to
This game is crazy
Fabulous time at TIE2011.. #TIE2012 My Digital citizenship presentation will be posted soon!
I had to turn it off. Watching Barcelona play keepaway was too exhausting. Can't imagine how Madrid feels running after them.
lol I was in my meetin wit Def Jam and Milwaukee ask me where u workin on my next cd cover...random, but I showed u love
no problem (:
Satori World Medical is working on new and exciting things - stay tuned for details!!!!
I miss old rap
Happy Birthday Day to me :)
RT When will restaurants stop giving us plates instead of little bowls to share the large bowl of queso with?
I just recorded something ridiculous!
Thanks! RT : 3 stories &amp; an argument on creative culture is my favorite 's
Really trying to remember why I don't live by a beach right now.....
I usually don't mind the pouring rain, except when I have to walk the dogs or change a flat tire.
I don't fully support #Kony2012, but part of me wants to participate in Cover the Night just to see how Danes do activism.
haha how so? Did you just get the EP recently?
Harry, she's the mother of dragons. Nuff said.
sounds good!!
Thanks for the shoutouts!
We need one of those. That was full of awesome.
let's go caps!! I have them going two rounds in my NHL bracket
yes, thank you Luke!": thk u! RT : RT : BIG THANKS to & for shooting with me.
Hear, Hear! I've seen a pick up in guests on my tours to La Jolla thanks to the cruise ships!
: Dear , you're beautiful yet so forgettable. Why?
#ifonlyicould go back to the way it used to be between me & #oomf ..
you should be recieving some any day now :) send us some business cards your way as well!
Specialised Employment for SAP and Oracle Employment ... - Careers
How about some Music on Monday? Well we have Memphis Music Monday with acts from around Memphis! Need I say more? 5/7 at 6:00pm Free
2 days ain't shit bitch sit down with ur big black ass
Damn,the word goes around fast when it comes to drama lol. Umm its a kinda a long story,direct message me.
you can follow him on Twitter. Handle: greatdismal
Is Mike Smith Billy's long-lost son?
Stable is one step back from success and one step before failing
they can kill of yang cause she's been bugging me, but not Derek. No. He's my god. I worship him and his hair.
we're headed ur way man
adding goat cheese and green onions to boxed mac and cheese, omfg
Can anyone even stick out their tongue like that?...I can't.
Watching the lion king in spanish <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Status is pimping
I need some Blessings today so if you are reading this, send a prayer out for your boy! Much love and God Bless!
Thanks! The next-best thing to being there
me too! sheesh.
what's your fav charity? Why don't we split the proceeds 50/50 and I'll make a donation in your name. :-)
good call Mel! hope your day went well young lady and you kept that thing positive! ;-)
Oh almost picked by Chung..
I don't understand Color (for Facebook). Help me?
Is #Memphis going to throw another #nbaplayoff game away vs the #clippers?!
Almost got kicked off the sled run for breaking the rules. Is that a win? Yes. Yes it is.
What does today's Word of the Day is "invigorate" mean? A) To Hate B) Consecrate C) Animate D) To Move E) Epitomize
LOL. You missed it because I've been laying low. Got roundly spanked for having contact with the buyer.
IRCTC to launch website for booking air tickets
I drink a boost for breakfast, and ensure for desert.
Sometimes I wish I was a hologram that can rap.
a brand new day!
and they are all inside? It is beautiful out but baking under sun not as great. >_<
Driving to LAX with Lot of traffic but I'm more worried about suffocating from his horrible farts. >_<
Thank you :)!
dang, College Humor is killing that category.
I've never seen that much stupidity in one person. Mind boggling...
I wake up in feel empty man
Thanks for following. Have a great week.
Great workout again! Back on the race track very soon!
Bacardi 8 sipping watching dis wack ass game. Where dem Wolverines at!!!!
Grabbing a beer with Da nny Carey from tool @ saint rocke!!!
Clean jewelry with ammonia & h2o. 1887 white house cookbook still valid. Get ready for fall events. Polish shoes too. Details count.
we borrowed it from a podium in the main baltimore sun conference room downstairs. gotta have a '70s mic!
Loving me is like chewing on pearls.
Happy birthday to the land of vagazzling and donut burgers
Lots and lots of #Orioles hats and shirts down at the #BGP2011. Representin!!!
Sigh. There will be a lot of tired folks at work tomorrow!
Heck no!
yeah? Well, just let's see her try! My daughter told ME that, too....hurtful, emotionally unprovoked comments...any answers ?
thanks for the tweet, that made my day! <3 I'll try to update as soon as I can and tweet you when I do! =)
Good deal - I'll be home from work after 5. Did you find all my links?
Yay! My banner is hung up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
our pleasure!
I still love pee wee's big adventure, but I never noticed until tonight that he's kind of a jerk.
Pay never call me you. Should feel loved Darion!!
Many in my family have served and sacrificed to defend America and our rights and freedoms. I revere them... (1/2)
congrats on graduation buddy.
Early egg-onion-cheese-tomato burrito for breakfast. Hunger and baby make an efficient cook of me.
Sleepy Tea I'ma be sleepin good tonight ;)
lolz I should have a chance to explain ,my permissions are taken over by someone that knows a lot more about green tech than me
So my new employee txts me and asks if we can start at 9a instead of 8a ON HIS FIRST DAY! Not gonna last I'm thinking.
Oh how much i love puking my guts out while im at the bowling alley...
I might weep. Someone get it to the trashbag archipelago!
BORDER TALK w special call in update by LESTER BEDFORD regarding Cohen Stadium contract for Chavez/Lee fight. Stream www.khro1150. Com
likewise! Hope you and the fam are well!
That is way more then 140 characters?
He will be fine.He can go out and get 30 a night but wont be surrounded with enough talent to win a title.
Don't do it. You've been warned.
If you're feeling a little off track, pray and ask God to recalculate your route.
love your quirky and original approach to branding discussed at #dbc2012. Here's to a great wine pour for tonight!
on my way to an apple appointment with a genius and wondering why the genius works at an apple store. then again, I work next door.
Darland and Windom scratch, we are green.
Just like dat!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
I sent my demo to Mau5trap and Anjunabeats... But I'm too pessimistic and I doubt they will ever listen lol D: I sent them my best track.
i mishu, can't you just come to texas and rant about gas prices??!
O lol cool I'm going to go get that app lol
yayy I can't wait to see what it is!
it kinda funny how has Halloween episode Evan though it not Halloween
no more school
As an ex-pitcher, I 100% agree... but I'm being a hypocrite b/c I've made arguments b4 going against this mentality. ( )
Pages of luscious romance that convert your neuro-transmissions into orgasms. "Python" stimulates all the senses.
beats like a death ray
damn bro, i didnt think u were that much older then me. lol
I might even have a glass of vodka and let a few new details slip.
Also, European Portuguese is gross.
Will you leave work on time today? Did you yesterday?
Student Center Basement
Happy Wednesday, Twitter!
how are my twitter hounds
Producing drum kit, timpani and other percussive sections before I figure out how to lay a french horn down in this bridge.
#witcher2 is a good game. Too bad the enhanced edition wont qualify for GOTY :-(
Thanks for the RT
awesome performance in 400 final!!! Congratulations!! Xx
How many players from Kentucky actually play on Kentucky's team? Just curious, since it's "hotbed" of basketball.
Saving lives is a rush
Loved seeing and at the Theta house! Seeing and would make it even better!
#WhenAustin tweets a fan to cheer up when they're feeling sad. <U+2764>
Colin appreciated your great thoughts, all saved to my SAWboard :)
After 8 years with one phone number (through 4 jobs) I now have a new work number. Not that anyone usually calls it anyway. Need it? ping me
It's been a summer coming, but today was the day I logged TWO swats against Big Theo. Still haven't beat him to ten, but I've got a month.
Megan, I'd love to collaborate on telling another part of the story, through my np
I try to always be honest online. True fact.
man moe omg
#np Kayne and Jay Z- No church in the wild
CDs mailed last week... other "stuff" will be on it's way asap!
Always good to see and at Stop by after so I can buy your group a drink!
what's wrong with cody?
I need some chocolate in my life! I wish we're closer ;)
was here ;) I love my WISTER, she's growing up so fast!
Holly SH%$##$$@! AH! Ever been in the Right place at the right TIME?! I am! Come join me! :-D
Not sure how excited I am about season 4 of Community anymore now that Dan Harmon has been replaced..
suffered 18 fouls
Well, it's not to late for the Suns to tank for 13th. 12th isn't even out of the realm of possibility....
Thanks for the #FF! Right back at you.
Congratulations are in order for Winter and Wesley. Their wedding is today - "An Enchanted Garden"!
Come on #Seahawks!
Won my #softball game 14-10
That sounds awesome, aaawww... It's nice to belong to a family-like community who supports you and rooting for you.
Today I learned that two different friends have ailing sons. And I hold this little boy next to me, out of love and trepidation. <U+0926><U+0941><U+0903><U+0916>
what will you be wearing when you deliver?
decided to give up coffee cold turkey. day 1 of the cleanse. be careful if you feel like approaching me
Thank you 's Doubles Poker Championship on for This Week In Poker
Also, the fact that I’m redesigning Everyday Type isn’t top secret, but my method is.
Had the best time at Expo this weekend! So many awesome new friends and comics to pore through.
Who loses their cellphone and be on the cellphone that they "lost" lol crazy
Life sucks when you have a good heart. You help too much. You trust too much. You give too much. And most importantly, you love too much.
going in for 4 period and no boces :D .. Scrubbing so hard, birds nest on my head, rocking
Making myself a delicious healthy lunch :)
yo why is so bad well follow them and give me the answer lol
listening skills, street smarts and follow up in reverse order
Vote for Effingham Hospital by visiting www.pinkglovedance.com. Click on “Watch the Contestant Videos". IRS for cancer prevention.
I got it and accepted-thanks!!!
waiting for you to follow me or tweet me, how about you?:)x
Terrorized him, ran him down shot him in his back, straddled his dead body and fror what??? Because you are a neighborhood watch VOLUNTEER -
Question - do in house departments monetize internal resources for comparison purposes with external counsel
i don't know but if he is related to Smokey Robinson then he is related to me! Smokey is my great Uncle
Lol! I'm sure we'll be getting into it when college football starts.~>BuckyUp
#baltz looking valuable for #terps, game looks a lot like 2006
it's the size of 9 MUS's
Still in recovery mode from Charlotte but mommy time wit son>>>watchin spiderman cartoons wit son
#rcdlc #EXERCISE #EXERCISE #EXERCISE Please share your location (state, street and town) with your tweet.
": Tity boi" one half of players circle, member of the DUFFLE BAG BOYS aka the 2...gun...gangsta
When abortions were illegal illegal abortions were done women died
Made it to IALLT ok, setup with wired connection in dorm, and should be able to connect wirelessly elsewhere. Now to prepare for tomorrow
economic security and stability is fundamental to a society that allows the maximum cultivation of humanity and preservation of life
Maggie Rector and John Pevy. Dr. Streete is the non-student recipient.
Hey when do you guys think you will start shipping your Klon clones? So stoked about that one
Quite readable! Thanks!
i followed!!
Sad day : While the museum remains open, Jane Addams' immigrant aid organization closes after more than a century...
Punk'd Come On Tonight !
I am calling it: #Super Bowl is on #CBS so the post Super Bowl will go to
Thanks! There were so many great things to share. See you all next year!
I'm half Asian. All white people are. But my Cauc part is bigger.
Well, he amazes me everyday, in a bad way, but to read ducey du?!? Really?!?
With its deft use of cover, spine, and word-filled pages, it's clear that no other book released in 2011 was more of a book than this book.
How does everybody keep finding me on this thing?-.-
what kind of music you do?
Why do the one direction guys look like they're 12?
they're cute, but I really want a shiba. just have to find one that won't scare the rest of the menagerie.
My kickball team, Jesse and The Kickers are undefeated! I even scored a run tonight!
Hi Audrey, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
#HillerHelps - In #ReconciliationLaw the crisis is a wake up call for self-reflection.
Check out ABC to see rocking some of our awesome Ugly Christmas Sweaters!
Welp RT : Edmonton Journal reports that Pittsburgh #Penguins Paul Martin is on the trade block
Straight up girl tell me do you really wanna love me forever? Uh- oh- uh, or is it just a hit and run?
SO EXCITED..SEE YOU TOMORROW!
would like to thank for new avatar look. Knicks-Hawks at 7:30 Ladies open bar 6-7 followed by 2 for 1s. Humptastic!
I am good thanks. And I will.
Don't worry about the money the money gone come...
We're updating alyoung.com. There may be some temporary stability issues during the update. We'll post new features when it's complete.
Be creative! The possibilities are endless when it comes to choosing the perfect sexy costume for yourself
Thought you had an awesome site reliability background. We are looking for 1 amazing eng. to join our CEO & build greatness
that would be great!!! We will try not to run to FL so much!
Still a foursquare holdout. Is it really worth jumping in to?
Quite a few comics artists seem to sketch fan art in their off time. Do writers dash off fanfic in their off time?
I got you when i can drink RT : cheers to that! Wheres my whiskey cup?????
interval training!
was so amazing...and adelita's way wow
If I could bring my shower on stage, I would win American Idol.
3 weeks without visiting Not sure how I will survive.
Congrats to Andrew Larkin '12 on bring home Gold for Team USA golf and Individual Silver at the Maccabi Pan America Games in Brazil!
yea so fun so much 2 tell u
what's the emoticon for eye rolling?
was hugh jackman really supposed to sing?
Gym flow
what up buddy?....the Avi....#Nice lol
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! can i get a HAPPY BIRTHDAY!??(: it would make it the best birthdayever!
Mexican Pres says no major damage or deaths so far from #earthquake #mexico city
see you there bro :)
Learning from your own mistakes is the biggest mistake you can make.Carefully observe the stupidity of others and learn from their instead.
Hope she feels better soon!
mean answer: I don't like you either. Nice answer: Aawww, I like you.
I wish I could do this day over again
Ditto! Should be a very fun day! #ImagineRIT cc:
that's my nigga
why so many messages said:Hey this user is saying very bad things about you..
5% off all garage door clicker sales today! Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 7924
Love you!!!
like seriously. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
I've never needed a foot massage so bad in my life. #workedadouble #volunteers?
I got a frog for a pet!
My son was aghast at all the weird words and spelling errors on my InDesign document. Guess I should explain Lorem Ipsum to him :-)
Thank you for showing me Revitalize tea <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> exactly what I needed this morning
RT : Dedicated researchers in Boston studying deceased players' brains for evidence of trauma attempting to obtain Junior...
Bobby is going to be ok. He has arkansas football going in the right direction and he barely missed a BCS game. On the other hand..
loving my twitter feed right now...all about Josh Hamilton
Classes starting this Monday April 4th 9 week eve. and 3 1/2 week am! Go to www.tuckerschool.com for more info!
you were so right about
no. maybe if it was a pic of a kindle with a thousand books id be jelous ;-)
Every time I hear "Rock me Mama" I love Bob Dylan a little more.
I'm not speeding up for nobody. You don't put gas in my tank!
Backend, IE8+, we ignore everything lower. Public sales pages still have to be IE6+ though.
Being the only person on that stage was good prep for when you are a grown-up academic and have to lecture every week.
I wanna get inappropriate with a cutie
Goodnight twitter <3
Thank you for the follow ;)
“: Every time i get full i smoke then get hungry again. Then keep repeating. Fat”<<
supporting you with my votes and prayers! God's with you on this! keep showing your love for God to the world when you sing! :D
love you too!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
watched your video, it was so amazing. You are so strong, and your boy will be so blessed. God bless you! <3
How do u know what's for the best
for the hell of it?
you guys better come to Chicago,I want to sing along with you guys "incomplete and all alone".I can't get over this song.<3
I Beez In The Trap...
I like stuff!
Great meeting today with and
1-800-BAD-DRUG! Thanks to ESPNs commercials I have a list of lawyers in case I drop dead from one of hundred listed medicines...
RT : Designing and building some awesome stuff for this weekend! Who's going???
Instead of saying 'Thank You Glee Cast' we should say ' Thank You Terra' for doing such a great job on 's skunk hair :D
Only for Christopher Nolan will I drive 15 min out of my way to work. But I have prepared an invoice for gas. Next time send the batmobile.
lol well thank you :)
How's that Bmore Club history book coming along?
Crown Theater @ The Rio!
Ok ok i see u RT : NOTHING. LEAVING LA. BOUT TO COME HOME
I am so glad that rambling, incoherent batman tweet got picked up and retweeted by a batman twitter. Life goal.
It was great to finally meet you today! Thanks for helping actors chase their goals!
Gospel. RT : - "Wrestling Is Always Tits"
Clearly identify your bad or unproductive habits/ behaviors....then identify what productive habit could replace it.
RT : Study: 56% students nearing graduation wouldn't work for a company that blocked Facebook & Twitter ti.me/t5EYqO (via )
The Families Preparing a New Generation program starts tonight. Register for 2nd session by contacting Taloa Hood @ (602) 264-6768 ext. 2302
I like how babies always look drunk. Even after only one beer.
oh yeah...big, big girl decisions...,let's do this!
that was so funny, I beat she thought we were crazy
At and watching A great turnout of Milwaukeeans tonight! And what fine facial hair amongst the crowd, I might add.
We haven't talked in forever , text me !
Great fight for a legend #Sugar RT : Canelo w/ Unaminous decision! props to Shane for battling! might be time to let it go
Sweet! Twitter now let's you opt out from their system that tracks every site you visit that has a "tweet" button...
Na seriously u really gone get me one?
enjoy the show :)
Ah, just saw Belvo lost to clongowes in the leinster schools senior rugby 43-10 :(
there's a natl noodle day?? RT : NATIONAL NOODLE DAY CALLS FOR 89 CENT GARLIC NOODLES! (via )
Cool off with this deal at ruffinos www.CityCiao.com. Yummy food from
Almonds, olives, whiskey: antidote to latest round of <expletive deleted>
I just direct messaged you w/contact#
This 1st Q showed me that Philly wasn't gonna be a walk in the park. I dunno why people kept thinking this series would be so easy for BOS.
Kim Kardashian is your hero? I see you going far in life.
Good Morning my new followers and to many others a very happy Monday to you all.
RT imPRETTY_x - team with your man ' if he got alot of money then its team he payingg ..
dont smoke angel dust then
#funfact A three-hour ballet performance is roughly equivalent to two 90-minute soccer games back to back or running 18 miles.
. (and fuel to keep fighting, too).
i want a "mike" in my life! xx
he was an amazing racer, and will deeply be missed
Corporate education professionals recognize that they must measure the business impact of their efforts - which goes beyond ROI metrics.
thank y'all for hanging out during
Yes mama I did (:
UN Women staffer asks how to get women invited to peace negotiations when they're usually excluded.
There should be a contest on who can do the most tweets in 24 hours. The winner is declared "Head Twit" and gets a trip to sTWITzerland!
!!|-_~ WANT TO CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
When I go to iHop , i be ordering everything .. when i don't eat that much
I'm pondering why you'd want to do a celebrity gossip tv show. It saddens me greatly.
Random thought but what do you think about if added vampires to the show? it'd be awesome but that's just me
Yes we would love to be a sponsor for this years event. Please let us know how we can be part of this event.
Everyone who works at a stripclub is an alcoholic. Unless of course you just got busted for DUI, then you take a break during probation.
dena is a shawty girls in
It's time to raise up new leaders who will truly serve the people.
Days like this....
thank you =)
Currently being lectured by a cab driver to take more vitamin c.
I am confident bike seat design involved genius. It just did not involve consideration of anatomy.
The Iphone God's are with me today!!! My phone is found and will be in my hands by 12pm!!! Rock it out!
Hope'n make that trip today. Missin shorty like crazy!
First you touch it then you ask if you could have it
So... B.F. Pinkerton is a #pedobear huh? Madama Butterfly is only 15.
I have a date tonight with my bed.... Were gonna sleep together.....
RT : Lunch: 54th & College, Tom Wood Ford - 96th & Keystone, at
You're doing great! Keep reading!
has been 5 months..I saw u got 2 ex-BFs! thats why I hate relationship status on FB!
hot damn! try any jd single barrel? good shiz
I am most definitely!!!!!!
Aldous Huxley said: There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. Coaching can help.
#20ThingsAboutMe I tend to ruin my own relationships.
Haha well that's good at least! Lol
Shenandoah Joe is playing the everybody GTFO channel. Really annoying.
Say it's so
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish, and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.
no prob, dude!
Hello! That was brilliant! Go #USA!
Getting ready to fly Cubs L flag!
Doh there goes my top 5 bracket finish; good play Kansas, good play
#jealous I am going to go to the crazy sock store and get the craziest sock ever they will blow your kittens out of the water
Currently watching Jeff Johnson's Non-Stop Traffic Formula. I'm sure he's a great guy but his sing-song delivery is really annoying.
yes. It is sad
I'm ready for some new ink as well!!
Your physique your persona
*walks out door with bag* buzzer goes off. *walks back in* "does anyone care? .......No." *walls back out* gotta love gay guys at the mall.
And gloomy weather apparently brings out vampire hunters. This dude is a dork.
yes but Melbourne is amazing!!
really think you could've picked a better picture for #throwbackthursday , dear.
Going with the flow <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I can out-curmudgeon anyone, even you Keith RT surprised I'm more optimistic than you. (surprised I'm more optimistic than anyone)
Who's Walking in the Epilepsy Walk in July, here in Milwaukee? We are!!! contact us for team shirts!!!!
I think most specialized communities are like that, online and off. Doesn't make it right.
I saw a fat lady with a "M.O.B." tattoo on her arm. I asked "Money over bitches?" She said "No, McDonalds over Burger King.
RT AMEX allowing users to sync Twitter w/ credit card accounts is just awesome. #Hashtags = Coupons. Yet another Twitter use
Just got done with an interview for the San Diego Reader. They are doing an article on us! Will be out soon, pick up a copy if your in SD!
no, just picking and choosing. I mean, women may take pics every day. I don't. Once a week max
Nope you really don't care about me no more.. You shady.. I see you back in the hood to??? How was the vacation??
Just saw the sunrise :) check my pics on FB
If I had Jimmy Neutrons brain, Timmy Turner's goldfish, and Phineas and Ferb's summer...my life would be amazing.
merry Christmas mama monster
My 7yo starts to get a little upset so I ask him what's wrong. He says "I'm sad someone shot Abraham Lincoln."
shut up you weren't there,
Back in RIC. A day to relax before back to real world tomorrow!
Shoot is done for today now it's time to hang out after a nap....
Good Morning Friends and Followers we hope you all have a great start to your weekends.... :)
Chillien with my babies, and these other people, haha. It's also thunderstorming!! (:
Interior/Exterior painting,drywall repairs and texturing, Door installation and mouldings plus much more. Call for an estimate 619-562-5848
So it looks like Friday i'm gonna be getting some new ink!! Finally!! #Tattoos =)
Worst day in a while
Ground control to Major Tom... Time to start thinking of ideas for halloween costumes I can bike in
there is nothing quite like the battle over thermostats in offices
I made the money at PCA 2011. PCA 2012 MAIN EVENT for sale. 50% SOLD! 1.14 markup if you want a piece. min $100 investment. See ya there.
Awesome - hope you get a lot of traction at - it's one of the best ideas I've seen this year.
#oomf tweets get on my damn nerves just because her twitcon ugly af. She ain't even that ugly in person, just her twitcon.
Dear little tiny girl next to me on this flight. How is it possible that you snore so loud? Is my grandpa in there?
#np Tyler the creator, her.
Huge breakfast! Muffin, egg McMuffin and a large smoothie. Nap time!
This probably sounds silly but we are only 37 followers away from hitting 1,000. #PDX #Followers #1,000
i really wish freshman year didn't have to end like this ..
bitch i go hard!!! hands down!!!
Just sent you an email. Hope you got it???
Everybody please wear pink tomorrow night at the BRCC men's and women's basketball games vs Meridian as we support Breast Cancer!! 6 & 8 pm
great event! We loved sponsoring Thank you.
I knowww they need to get here!
Sometimes I wish we were a beagle.
“: Huge S/O to anyone following their dreams (:x)”
whirlwind few days, vacation to london/paris for first time and now settling in Brighton just in time for midnight Super Bowl
Portland Trail Blazers' season opener against the 76ers is tonight at the Rose Garden. RIP CITY!
2 parties= go to the good one and steel food from the bad one ;)
I am not too sure. We are here now...
haha, I was sitting at the computer this morning for a half hour refreshing the page until 10. It wasnt an easy task
If you are a cinephile (especially of the horror genre and obscure gems) #FF my astute, movie-lovin' friend
PRP high school
Yup, me too.
I got this! I made it 12 blocks in 8 minutes. Woohoo. :)
Awesome! Sounds like you will be getting a lot done. Let us know if you need any help. We have a ton of scholarships available!
Loiter, brute?
the website is coming along, and you guys are going to like it. especially the FREE ALBUM
we can make it work!!!! We can bum
Thanks for the FB! hope your weekend is grand!
I am a fool to think I'm anything more than a clown
hi dolls!follow shes an awsome ARTIST!!!
We frolic in our summer skins.
People should really stop buying dogs and adopt them at the shelter, those animals don't have homes.
Before spring break trip-check your tires, change your oil, check all belts, check your brakes, fill all fluids, check lights--we do it all
Hey, I'm glad you're back! How are you feeling now a days?
50%off sushi selection is still going on. Come and enjoy them before the deal is gone.
I don't get this "My big fat American #GypsyWedding" show. So they're Eastern European rednecks, right?
You know it is a tough run when you hope for a bridge lift on both sides of your out & back run. Fortunately I got one today.
#np the fighter
What a horrible tragedy in the loss of Indy 500 driver Dan Wheldon in today's crash in Vegas
for sure :)
I'm pretty sure I was NOT talking to you? Your comments arent necessary.
I am, I am. It's all I can do not to cuddle the whole dang thing. <3
The Indianapolis Colts have told Andrew Luck they will make him the No. 1 overall selection in next week's NFL draft.
The staff at #YIMAE says a HUGE THANKS to our NEW followers! We appreciate the support! Please help us spread the word about RT!
I've been missing you lately, because you live so far away.
why the west coast is the best coast in three short words: toilet seat covers. (ladiezzz, you know what i mean.)
Beautiful sunny Sunday! Wonderful plans coming together today. . fun in the kitchen :-)
are you going to be at the brew crew game 2mw?
seriously.... #MUFC learn to kick a corner and cross the ball...
Couldn't ever imagine living in that kind of fear, but when it comes to protecting those you love, anything is possible.
You should be in that picture - for scale. Oh... you are?
We will be on Chicago radio 88.7FM tomorrow night between 7-9pm. Hear the debut EP and our first live radio interview! www.WLUW.org
Air quality data largely available on state & federal level. Need to make accessible for communities, individuals, to share power/decisions.
I dream problem solve or converse/present for work a lot - I think it's my way of trial running, and probably unconscious anxiety
Happy Thursday everyone! Any great plans in store for this weekend? Im really craving some right about now & its only 830am!
Hi Daren It's Me Julian
KY Sen Denise Harper Angel withdraws from her upcoming election!!
Congrats Ryan Newman! =]
MY FRIEND WHO HATES JUSTIN SAID SHE LIKES TURN TO YOU. THIS IS AMAZING. but i mean how can you not like it?(:
“: Chiefs agreed to terms with Peyton Hillis.”glad to see that beast gone from AFC North.
“: What a coincidence. I get to the hotel and the movie The Town is on. Wonder what part of Boston this was filmed in?” teehee hbo
At Common Grounds!
JEALOUSY IS THE UGLIEST TRAIT.
“Genius is childhood recovered at will.” #Rimbaud &
I'm looking at you now!
Check out my songs, videos, and follow me as im doing what i love to do! Its E-Kinz Get at me! Support And Subscribe!
Life Used To Be Perfect Just The Two Of Us.... Until You Drpped Off The Face Of The Earth
that's like saying, "They offer public embarrassment and shame!"
your so cool you can call your self in awkward moments now
I feel so deflated. Guess that's your decision after all.
I thought your backside hurt from the sandpaper condom he used?
oh poor baby! Do you have a touch of the Blues? LOL...that was to easy!
I followe. But, did he say it wsnt important or jus nt show up? That jus doesn't eem right. Like, was he boycotting? I like Axel
Follow me
you should so put as your avi! :D
How's that for specialized content!
I heard that #InElementarySchool was short fat and corrocho
Just when i think I'm over you you tell me you miss me and all my feelings for you flood back...
Smokin with my mom and sis <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Ozzy Osborne is the best front man in the history of rock
Amongst other things...
I lost my trust in you, now my world is full of darkness.
THANK YOU SO MUCH for the airdate!!! xo
decision analysis and computer modeling tonight. bring on the spreadsheets!
Ugh so bored!...
That's the impression that I've been getting. Going to do the best on all sections, but luckily strengths lie in writing/verbal
Looks like all our calendar updates...sorry about that! :-)
no, I'm king of the world!
What do you know about motocross??? Follow this guy to find out all about it
Deep in thought about challenges & choices. It's important to be 100 with & make sure that at the end of the day you can still smile.
you still haven't texted me yet!
Be the voice... Not the echo.
Would love to send you my book on end of life care.
Yes, we have power! #UMBC library is up and running and open until 10 p.m. tonight!
I guess that is why Paypal banned my account when I used them for adult entertainment ecommerce
Coffee is the ONLY thing getting me through this day!!
I think Torrey Pines South is the hardest golf course I've ever played day in and day out - Phil Mickelson
What movie(s) did you watch this weekend? I watched #Bridesmaids. ~BR
Just saw some guy pretending to be you, selling bootleg dvds of your special. Don't worry, I notified the proper authorities!
I only have 300 or so.. And I CARE!
Your just a fat drag queen, waiting to jump on the next dick that comes up!
Seriously SO green with envy! I hope to have what my parents have someday, it's so beautiful <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that and much more for them.
So the new chrysler commercial is playing to a man's wish for his father's validation? That's not low.
I remember rocking british knights
Congratulations to The Prose-Fessor of Pain who took home the FFC World Title last night!
my favorite is USC because of the delicious Chicken Caprese Panini! M.
"I don't care if you think you have "swag". Just pull up your pants & walk faster."
Lol !! Don't kiss n tell
The mistakes I regret the most are the ones I have yet to make..
#MDSParentLectureSeries "there is no such thing as a self reliant kid without suffering"
Sup bro, how's it hanging
Very true! and same here
awwwwhhhh i miss you:(((
You know it! 6:00 - 9:00 PM! RT : Hey, is it dollar burger night at ???
Okay...get your ass kicked for 20 minutes but go to the locker room tied.
ARG: Furniture Buying Index Climbs to 73 The Furniture Buying Index rose another point this month to a reading of 73, taking the index ba
Position players pitching > pitchers batting
you're welcome.
Send me a message or give us a call, here to answer any question you may have: or 901-569-2525
U graduated from Harvard but apparently have not read the Constitution. Obamacare needs to be shot down. It is corrupt!!
#RejectedMittRomneySlogans One of my polo ponies is sick, the rich have problems too my friend
lol outchea and you don't be carin! Haha. How's the flats?!
Man, every time I get on here, I find out I've been hacked...they even changed my password...twice... persistent little buggers...
some people just dont change.
i literally dream about you.. And we hanging out and you was following me.. Please make my dream come true !
I agree, except the role of museum is to protect culture, not burn it !
Libraries moving away from title-by-title to database model
Saying Leesa is classy is like saying Ron Artest is about peace.
Blowing my mind that yesterday I had lasers cutting into my eyes and today I am photo editing like normal. Modern science = science fiction.
lol good luck
and drunk by 4. KA-BOOM!
#moralizing subtext: argue with me plz.
The irony of Jade () mocking () for being a vegan
u ready 2 go my show
Lindsey Lohan on glee? Huh?
Putting a build together for Microsoft, id and QA... Testing, 1-2-3!
THANKS FOR THE ff
You can't just ask people for money when you fund a company. Who knew? (heehee)
“: Glad to be moving out...I think there's a poltergeist of some sort living here. Not cool.” poltergeists are discouraged.
Coming to Los Angeles anytime soon?
Situations reveal who we are, they don't create who we are.
No! You text me! Lmfao! You want me to DM you my number? Haha!
Featured Sweet Snack of the Day: Sugar-Free Black Cherry JELL-O (10 cals) with 2-tablespoons of Cool Whip (25 cals)!
One big issue they need to fix is the 20mb limit on app downloads over cellular... esp. for iPad 3 which needs super high-res images
will you please take that Tucker d-bag to court for cybersquatting? Violating federal law and trademark infringement. . .
Your following me!
HAve you tried a slice of fruit in there (to land on) + washing detergent (stops them flying) - can work well!
I don't think he's hot. Just obsessed for some reason haha. Dale!
The internet can be strange. An interview I did in 2003 has received over 10k visits in 2 days when blog usually gets a few hundred.
Why do I feel that im so addicted to this girl?
Lol okay ill drop a stack off so you can shop for me, I want fubu jeans, kswiss, and lugz kay?
Obviously a rough Boston night? RT : I suppose I'll have to add the force of gravity to my list of enemies.
thanks everyone involved for a great day at
followed babe ;)
For most of them no. But a couple of them it might as well been Gaelic they were speaking :-)
Hello twitter world.. Please follow
B.B. King at the Paramount Theatre in Oakland this Wednesday (11/23 – 7:30pm)
Thanks for the compliment, Monica I've been using www.janedowdphotography.com for years. I'm sad that she's moving away soon.
I Am! Either primo or manny's crabcakes (sorry)
I'll tweet you a bottle next Christmas.
Someone just told me my writing is good research material. Can't stop laughing haha
An apocalypticly cold winter is predicted. Fml.
Oh, I'm such a freaking clutz..
Yes! The ones that turn the fish blue-green. LOL (That said, the ducks and cranes seem to enjoy them...)
Thank you for all your wonderful tweets. Has helped me in more way than I could have imagined. (Thanks for the #ff love too)
we couldn't agree more!
I've probably seen more polished chrome designs than nickel, so I'd say I prefer the chrome! :-)
Thank you for the love! Have a great evening.
You were close, but it wasn't the horse, it was the rider!!!
's of course... congrats man I love the show.. RT : #Awake Or... IS IT?
#Canadaisawsome!!! Im american but if Rick Santorum wins the election, I wanna move there with , such cool people!!!
Agreed! THE HELP should be holding the Globe.
I'm already back to #ICS from #Miui. ICS is just that awesome.
Top of the morning!
1000 Ways to Die is on... Lets see the bizarre ways humans die.
it was supposed to be an iron? Haha
hahahah good stuff.
how odd
Cheese... milk's leap toward immortality.
great workout at the gym
"i guess you can't judge a book by its lipgloss" thank you werid creepy guy in this show im not sure of what your name night made
Even filled it out myself. Good luck with the research!
Even the best fall down sometimes!
Lol I Have That Down
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3
I have iMotion. Seems ok, dont use it much
Good Luck Mother Monster!
I only got 80 points last week, but only 4/8 of my players played.
thanks for following!
RT The punctuation goes on the *inside* of the quote. So many people don't know that.
I hate when that happens. I wish I could just empty my mind.
Marty: on I-10 in west Houston. Only a handful of cars in sight. Photog Laura, driving: "Wow, this is a once in a lifetime experience."
#proudofyoucody ": Cody Simpson is the most successful artist from Australia so far."
We love Cruising with Holland America. Wonderful!!!
I was like, "WHAT?! How did he die?!" Took me a few seconds to realize he wasn't dead, seeing him on the court did it for me lol
Made my girl watch all the 24/7's On Demand tonight. She asked who you were and all I said was
#Top100Lies that was my last strip of gum
hey angel wat y'all doin this weekend
great road win, keep it going!!!
You know I have NO love for ANY of these video whores. But if GOD FORBID that ever happened to them, I would pray for them.
Working on my collection development policy comparison paper. Libraries included: , , and /
Re: last post, not re-visiting the past, but testing the future where posts end up on Twitter ... His honor is squarely on our side now!!
Celebrate with Patron Azteca on APRIL 27th for our 2 year Anniversary!! Live Music, and DJ, special and give aways, get it here!!!
RT : #Jaguars draft P Bryan Anger in 3rd round to replace Adam Podlesh, who joined #Bears in free agency
Building nanodevices from the bottom up Single-molecule cut-and-paste technique assembles nanoconstructs in a new way
I feel like goin paparazzi status & snappin b n jay right now. I hope they're not hungry. We may be in st barts, but the service is french!
In NYC last weekend, had a creme brulee doughnut=perfection! best doughnut I have ever had, any plans to open in Chicago?
Thanks for the RT my friend!
Happy Friday everyone. Today is going to reach 72 degrees here in Atlanta and I'm lovin' it! Yeeehaaa
haha yeah but you've got plenty of time to save up we wouldn't even wanna do it till winter's over because hauling a trailer
I've been good girl. Need to see you soon.
everything could change with only one word
the rams r horrible on defense. morris claiborne could cover scraps in the open field. slot him 4 the #6 pick.
Thanks for your support! Let us know how we can further help with classroom resources!
just saw a truck smash into a van in a parking lot!
okay, should have been "let's" work on that, not "that's". can you tell I'm tired?
at least they don't lay on the horn in NYC
SO GROSS!
They didn't because they were still in BETA. If they opened it to everyone they wouldn't be able to work out kinks :)
Could we send you a couple of our books to see if you like them? Email me at
What up sis?
I miss big pun biggie and 2pac music
NAHS, Stuco, PATS. Next year's gonna be god.
so much going on tomorrow
I hate the fact that you ignored me for so long, then you start talking to me like nothing has happened.
Ready for bed.... I love weekends!
OK, I deserve this...let me have it
rats! :) ... only been here a few hours and it's been so worth it
Tonite-Greyson Chance live show starts at 5pm with These Three Words. Tix are $16 at door-only a few left.
Ohh family, they do a lot...
k well do you want this parking thing i think its so you deffinately get a good parking spot...
made my night!! And the fact that you recognized me by my voice as I sang in the parking lot... #Classic :D
Had to unfollow a couple people.
Needs to stop changing that name thank u very much
Certain people starting to push my buttons! Not good, but I think he wants me to be angry
gurrrrrl she is THEBOMB.COM, & the fact that she styles her own self speaks volumes about her knowing her body
I hope you do come cause I want to see you
I should stop stalking you over twitter...
Surround yourself with people who are going to lift u HIGHER! Why waste time with those who enjoy being down and bringing you down.
If you're in Toronto don't miss the Jack Chambers show at the SO SO good!
"What matters most is the dash between the years..." Rest in peace Brother Michael V. Manieri.
She doesn't realize how sincere and genuine i'm being...but if you do a girl wrong then you should expect bitterness...wish I didn't fuck up
correction bro, now he is
Full of cheese and juice
And the four right chords can make me cry. When I'm with you, I feel like I could die, and that would be alright
Figured you'd cave... heads up I'm going to give you crap about your twitter background tomorrow...can't wait!
oh. He's sweet. It was fun ... Even if it was early. :)
I'm experimenting with some new healthy recipes today...there is peanut butter and coconut everywhere! PB Protein Bars coming soon!
I'm $5 rich tonight, drinks on me. Lmao.
Who bus won't start!!
thanks for correcting me doe lol
farm!! No zoo silly!! Well i said i like cats, so we can have a bunch of barn cats:)
you're welcome
I was just watching that episode of Coupling while cooking dinner last night!
Chris Mullin is my uncle. And Vader is my father. RT : Zach Randolph is really my cousin
Latest Bracketology has Missouri as our 2 and UL as our 4 and likely playing them in 3rd round at St. Louis
follow me? :D & woo let's get you more followers! :)
have a blessed weekend everyone! ;-)
lmao you're here????? Right, them some big words! And inaccurate lol
Well Just fell asleep. That's nice. I might go to sleep now or later not really sure
and it reminds me of Hakuna Matata. Ha-koo-na ma-TA-TA
welcome my dude. couldn't be happier to have you in the backfield. RT?
On my way to get my wisdom teeth out. I apologize for any obscene tweets that result from the drugs they give me. See you on the otherside!
The best hope is that the Gulf of Mexico oil spill will be the “Sputnik” for U.S. leadership in alternative and renewable energies.
Thank you to everyone who came out to the Rain Light Fade CD release show last night!!! You guys rock : )
any suggestions?
Directioners Love One Direction Moms <33 thanks for having these wonderful guys!!
Hill briefing on the Future of Manufacturing today. Thanks to the Council on Competitiveness members participating!
where is #Bamboozle ?
Remember to vote today!
we have to have a beaunique reunion. Haha with maritzas aunt lol sexy redhead stripper
Well, the CR-V isn't a rare Ferrari. Not even close. And doesn't he have any friends? Seems like a creepy middle-aged man.
Yeah Bieber was bad... but every generation has its era of totally disposable pop!
Left my chickfila on the top of my car and drove off-_- ughh
When your sisters boyfriend parks in your spot <<<< Your makin me walk a lot longer then I want to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
#retweet if you are horny.
Hah, I'm not doubting you at all!
is working on about 60 new webinars for the next year. wow!
hey , you are entitled to win a chance of $1000.00 for the lucky draw ? nak tak ? hahah ! lol. lame .
It's for A&P's only.
Galleria Flow
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS... LMAO #RETWEET #FOLLOWBACK POW!!! 2
The New Movement is to simply add #M10 to the end of all your tweets!!!
should follow me(:
THEY THINK VOLLEYBALL SUCKS, my but
No more slip ups...
Establish yourself as a unique voice in the world. Don't be like every1 else. Stand out. Stand up.
No worries - and good luck keeping it manageable!
lulz he looks wonderful in pink
Boys are kinda like Sour Patch Kids. First they're sour. Then they're sweet.
Thank you so much for the RT, that was very kind of you : )
"High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation." -Charles Kettering Congrats to our #graduates We are proud of u
time for all to THRIVE
Thanks for pointers on approaching the first verse affectively
Ready for Real a** whupping by
I Still Love Them :) I Used To Love All Of NBB's Songs, They Always Get Stuck In My Head Haha
"Publish and be dammed." Duke of Wellington, born on this day in 1769.
Happy Birthday!
nice new twitter avatar 007
What is this? Some formal day or something at blue Mesa? Gatdang college kids
No Pete Maravich but still a hooper!
life is moving VERY quickly.
I always keep a foot care kit on my nightstand. I use it all the time.
call me I can't txt my phone is being a dummy again srry
Losers quit when they are tired. Winners quit when they have won.
Good work ! Impressive numbers in a week. Good luck this weekend with the ride.
enjoyed you on CNN. KidsFirst! Foundation needs some of your energy to help kids survive divorce and separation.
I do not have any desire what so ever to see that movie.
Stopped by the library to stock up on books to read while on vacation. May have gone a little overboard, but I will not lack options.
#teamfollowback Come on; I'm almost there!!
Finished going over the proof and tonight I get to go on my first real date night since the baby was born six months ago. Put Put Golf?
uh sys.
Finally it's May! :)<U+E057> Summer is getting closer, 18 days left <U+E404><U+E40A>
Taking time for a movie. Hunger Games
nice to see you. :)
Just gave #screenr at test drive. Very good first impression.
i hate how i always have to take a shit, right when im ready to begin making a print.
Thank you, Portland and for a great night. See you next time.
Did Brogan just say that Barack Obama may not have been born here?
that's pretty amazing stuff you came up with(:
Thanks for the heads up and we will note these in the post !
Love mii mommy!
I really want to but I leave Friday afternoon to go to Ohio for the weekend. I def need a night out with you soon though!
Do it, and then you will feel motivated to do it. --Zig Ziglar
hmm very valid points you make. Perhaps I need to work more on toning down the hangovers so I can have bfast.
Do you feel you and your family are prepared for an emergency?
#CNNDebate Question to Santorum and Gingrich: Why didn't you get on the Virginia primary ballot?
dunno BUT food network star begins tonight #TeamAlton go
Long overdue moral victory! Heh heh. RT : THIN RED LINE (film) o.k. I admit that it's a five star film.
Lions win. Lions win!!
True...then there's always the smartphone! :) Looking forward to Vegas this fall.
anyone looking to purchase a healthy energy drink?
Headed to breakfast with my brother<3 He's always so nice:)
Turning to 's strata to distract the boyfriend from The Masters. Desperate times...
#Bulls fans should start booing Jrue Holliday when he has the ball and forget about Evan Turner.
I haven't seen him in a while.
Who fadin the block party at the smoke shop?
Pussy pussy pussy .
why am I watching Icarly?
Dear stretched type: How much do I loathe thee? Let me count the ways.
Much fun & I am learning so much about myself that I regret not having done this when I was younger.
Wow.....whatz it? Some sort of holiday weekend?? U all bbq'ing?? Rough lunch? Lucky we killed it during the week....let's blame the wind!
Who's watching today? #Groupon might or might not be one of The Big O's favorite things.....
webinar w/ #womnegotiators, #yasmindavidds, Step aside and show you have power!
I really really hate the new app.
I just don't understand how Apple could make such great devices, but fuck up iTunes so badly. Such an awful program.
I seriously need a massage!
Ninja Status
Dear Adele, I love your music..but pls make music that doesn't make me cry so much... Sincerely,Tired of Buying Mascara
lol! you're up late! ;)
Hey Brian Orosco I wanna touch your mustache and your body
RT : For a no makeup look, use a tinted moisturizer
Tune in tomorrow morning for our Thursday regulars...Handy Andy and We're in the garden and the kitchen!
I'm so happy to see Esthero featured on Timbaland's Shock Value II!
Boosting the personal brands of your team (through bios, social networks, etc) is one key to client engagement + retention.
You and Kourt making Hump squirm is totally entertaining. Bring on the pranks!!
Beginners Luck Head Ass
Yeah, that sounds intense.
Now that the boots are off, check your heels before wearing.Replace the caps if they have worn off & give them a shine.
he gets it from me sometimes ¯\_(<U+30C4>)_/¯
That is true about the RT, ur right
no school tomorrow, yay(:
What's going on in Newark? Flight delayed again...gonna be close on my connecting flight!
One more to go, peeps, just got a massage and am ready to roll for my 4p #CFYoga! Breathe in breathe out and stretch it out!!
where can I take courses in molecular gadtronomy
o you were the lucky winner, how can I bribe you, haha! J/k Congratulations!
SUMMER 2011 BITCHES ! ;D
Lol where? Will it show up as your icon? Because than it'll take a while until my dumb iPod recognizes it! ://
“: FINAL: 83 - 81” tank is strong but too lil too late
Gonna go crazy
ah... what's a May Day basket? :)
I'm glad you saw the errors of your ways
ahah thank you very much :)
Wow, I thought Purrfect was a boy! My bad!
Less than 5 hours remain to save $5 on the Monumental 5K when you use Referral Code Love5K. Register today at www.monumentalmarathon.com!
Yeah, is less than two hours away and a whole 'nother world :) relax is the name of the game!
Hoosier magic. I will get the chills every time i see that shot from here on out
thinking of y'all as I drive through Knoxville on my way home from Atlanta! (:
": A girl is happiest when she knows that you make her your everything. In front of everyone, every time."
Hello Fellow Fashion enthusiast/blogger friend! Can't wait to check out your blog, if your on blogspot follow me and i'll return!
China is lambasting America to start "living within it's means" - I'd tend to agree for both America and Americans.
The worst kind of pain is when youre smiling just to stop the tears from falling.
14.6 million Americans smoke pot on a regular basis... RETWEET IF YOUR ONE OF THEM
LOL, did you see how gassed you looked?
will u do me a favor???
GSEA Fashion Group is giving you a sneak peak! Stay tuned!
Drinking bloody Marys at 10am at the golf course with already old drunk attorneys...this is how its done. Lol
well duh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
man no wake tf up if I can't sleep than u can't llab SIKE brova good night
Miami will host the Phoenix Suns on Tuesday. The Heat will be a 10+ point favorite as the continue to chase the Bulls for number one seed
I'm sure the 18 year old Nick Hammons would beat my ass if he saw how I had become today
Oh yeah... How is it?
This was the best concert I have ever been to! :) I love #TheMaine <3
Wickedly sardonic, this black fantasy is first in a series of novels that features likeable members of the undead in a race to escape death.
It's monday. It's raining. I'm not that pumped about it.
Maybe being the key word there. Possible. Fluidity is most likely laggy, at best. But nice thinking.
Conceded. Getting ready for next week.
Do ya chain hang low ~ do it wobble to da flo
haha sort of hard to do from NYC:)
some of my followers really can't spell.. that's sad.
We can find us some mixed boys at Drake. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Tomorrow! Teaching class 9-10:30am and very happy about it!
Of course! Still have yet to see you this semester :(
Channel 8 news totally promoted our event just now! Good job!
Ooh! #Milwaukee loves #greatgatsby style. Also try , Grain Exchange, and
Beer Garden and Arden Park Roots. See you at Concert in the Park tonight!
fall tour!!!! Hell yes
Stupid move by Giroux. I hope he does get suspended for game 5. #Flyers season is officially on a neddlethread.
yeah I hate BET
Why is no one awake?
lol.. At a damn gas station ... Smh
Good morning friends! Thank you all that came out to the markets this weekend! We really appreciate the support on buying local!
Wishes she could make it to the IDSA international conference!
um... says I don't have rights to see that tumblr
Everyone Clap for Salty. Might have just cost the Sox the game.
Holyexpletive! Google blacked out logo & wikipedia is linking to ur local congressperson. Totally necessary, hopefully effective.
Leaving school early to go eat.
I can never help but be super embarrassed for everyone involved when watching sponsored flash mobs.
have you opted out of ?
Looking forward to Kravet
Don't sugarcoat the truth, just give it to me straight with no chaser.
Dennis Allen DC from denver
Is the daughter of the youngest Objectivist ever?
des ppl crazyii
Today is my last day in my 20s I am going all out today at work!
Argentine authorities have detained seven people in the rape and slaying of two French tourists last month.
You gotta Refresh it Banga :).
Jim Palmer just mentioned #CurseOfTheAndino -- must be real!
Orlando has the best music scene <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
St. Patrick's Day is TWO WEEKS from tomorrow. Do you know where you'll be drinking green beer? St. Patrick's Day at Blackthorn Pub & Grill
I think healthcare marketers are somewhat behind the curve with regard to digital.
WOW Josh Hamilton... Wow.
So, we have many hours in a car ahead of us in the next little while. Favorite audio books?
RT : On da ncaa might be on this all night--> PS3 or XBOX?
congratss....because u are in in the top 7....yey..wish u win...gudluck too...
that just wasted energy, I wish for more efficiency
Word. Kesha is good at making noise, not music.
haha, we gotta link soon bro!
oh here's another hash for alums
Sunday blues... Missing my boy already and it's not even Monday...
Nagoya tonight, thank you Japan for being amazing so far!
With Extra Innings blackout rules this is the only time I can't watch it on YES. So I guess it's not too bad. ;)
I'm about to have a heart attack.
of them
I don't even heard about Kevin Jonas anymore. I heard about Nick and Joe..
It's ironic... our 'fonts' aren't actual fonts... they're graphical glyphs! They can be used in animations, videos, graphics, or anything!
Sorry, did you say 15 minutes?
phone died. tweeting from my laptop. hi
USE YOUR WORDS.
If You Don't Fuckz Wit You Need A Rope And Chair.....SMH.
What has been your favorite local show? Taylor's: Feb. 7th 2009 City Lights Though She Wrote and From Another Planet in Chillicothe
Did you go to Vegas for fight weekend sweety?
Debbie Howard 65% minority 71% first gen college and in edworks echs schools 79% complete one year of college before graduating!
If not wanting to go to work today was an Olympic sport, I'd win the silver fucking medal.
#Idothistoo End up staying on your computer for hours after youve decided to go bed.
Tyler The Creator on Punk'd YO! :)
apparently there is one major thing they left out, and the book is just more descriptive, I'm excited to finish it.
Yeah #Rangers!
I'll be right there with ya!
Olympics of the Mind exist(ed)
Just joined Google Plus.
now or never bro ......GAME TIME
Sometimes the comments I receive on make my jaw drop."First, there’s no patriarchy, certainly not now, and not really ever."
Doc Rivers: "You almost feel like [Mickael Pietrus] is Albert Pujols, trying to hit his first home run."
No ForeCzech for Sweden.
It would say something like: Spectacular Weekend's are for Passive People with Manners.
I got it, Ill try to finish it in a few days.
Look at his tweet about the Apple HD TV.
": Orlando here I came."-----See u when u touch down homie. We on at 7 tonite. Let's make em "Flywalk"!!!
I believe I read scripture that stated "live life happily"
I encourage all of you to join my in my crusade for excellence. This is what I affectionately call "The Beau Show." It's my life. Join me...
- also: never was a huge Mazzy fan. But I sold em a computer back in the day. :)
All about a dollar, my team into cash gettin.
Looks like cold, rain and snow is coming to a location near you! Do you have your Florida condo get-a-away yet?
Track meet! #ready #monroviagoingdown <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F>
that ugly ugly scared face
show me one law that says you must be able to reproduce to get married in this country.
So Yestetdayy Cedraa Bitch Ass Was Playinn On My Fonee. He A Pussy, And I Swear He Ah Nevaa Evrr Be My Man Againn.
what the heck is eyebrow threading?
FSU Academics, "We Have a Huge Magnet" RT Barron: "The faculty are opposed to joining a league that is academ. weaker"
Let the fun begin at Amy Roloff Charity dinner getting ready for a great evening.
I can't speak on behalf of our 300+ members, but personally I don't support it or any broad overreaching censorship. -Will Kesling
Anthony dont freaking start! I won't talk to you for the rest of the night.
Yay! Excited to see you there! : Officially registered for !”
Thanks to the livestream, you can watch us talk for about an hour. You just can't hear us :\
Sick and tired of being sick and tired.
justin was so cheesy on snl it was too cute
"I'm going to stab you with my love" - #kinky?
Bulls game then Off to Wells
My God. What a great night to be an OKC fan! Puttin' on Dallas in their house!
haha I love you to! <3
There's nothing more appealing than subway ceiling water dripping onto your hand. Yum.
1 day we will learn that we don't have 2 compete with the world in math & science It is the art of the math & science that brings innovation
she was a 2 but It didn't matter cuz she worked like a 10 lmao all show no go!
It seems that the rust belt's main industry is retirement homes.
If your going outside today, don't forget the sunscreen! Awesome weather we are having in Seattle! I may have to drive by Alki Beach today!
DM: "Someone is posting terrible things about you!" Me: "What the F else is new!!"
hah nice I love this show:D
same here,
Is it weird that I make brussels sprouts as a snack?
: Snow is blowing, but it's warm in here. Fireplace, wood fire pizzas, and try the Won Ton Poppers. U heard me!
According to its own state officials, doctors in Florida prescribe 85% of all the oxycodone in America.
Earthquake on the bus oh shnapp
GRPR whats a beast!! Enjoy the rest of your day everyone!
RT": You'll learn to miss me, cry to kiss me and lie to forget me."
Holy shit. Vampire Diaries, what are you doing to me?!
ty! Can i get a copy?
Has anyone ever gone through "the Alpha course"? Interested in your opinions and experience.
Rain makes me poopy.
rising cost of health care is prompting insurance premiums to skyrocket while coverage is shrinking.
TweetDeck has a filter thing built in. Bottom of the column, there's a little icon...
... a reminder that Design Conversation #39: Logistics is happening tonight at the Windup Space, 6:30pm.
glad for your follow. I have a writing project to share with you and I will be in touch.
Bro, be careful what u speak over ur life because the power of life & death is in the tongue. Prov18:21
megatron is on the madden cover, our qbs are safe lol
I<U+FFFD>ve got no time for cowards
I saw a pretty decent lesson today but held up to the #nysut rubric didn't score well
KEEP GOING. It only gets good in the second half.
*looks over at and grins* Yes love...do tell?
Women will sell there souls just to buy some attention -Wale
sorry for the late reply
I hope you do too!! Tell your choir director to get y'all some tickets on your June trip.
Sometimes the hate from the world is all you need to fuel your fire!
#FF for her unwavering support or writers and the writing community :)
New Years WILL NEVER BE THE SAME! :( #RIPDickClark 82yrs young <3
u kno I enjoy spending time wit you'll every tome you'll come dwn
This is your LAST CHANCE to sign up for my Omega Weekend Retreat in New York! Click here for details: www.ShopaholicNoMore.com/omega-1/
Paul Tillich~ The first duty of love is to listen.
Blue Angels are, simply put, breathtaking! Enjoying the view and sounds from Veterans Park
it'll be like $40-something, if not less, for regular tix. GO TO IT!!! :)
Thanks for the follow and your nourishing info!
that's beside my houses can't wait
do u and the guys get into the LLWS?
#FF These Ladies I Love
RT who are your top 10 Latino Rappers of all time?
The Bulls lost the game, but Brad Miller lost a tooth!
efffff. and we have C lunch #nobueno :( :(
this is one of the best quotes ever [ Next #Tweet ]
Anytime sexy can I ask for follow back?
I know its only a preseason game but can we say McCoy out played the Super Bowl MVP Rodgers?
shoot I know. You took the words right out my mouth:)
yes sir.
hey, Cali is great! I hope you're taking care of my cousin.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!(:
Goodnight. Btw I'm gonna start getting on this page more. You guys shy??? - Zaona
UK police arrest 2 in Olympic ceremony fraud case - KTVN
I love it when employees stand outside and smoke by the half dozen... Yeah I was talking about you on 76th in greenfield
anyone want my account?
he wants to start a family with his wife.
#twitpicyourpuppy I don't have a puppy. Thanks for reminding me, twitter! ;)
It's on right now!!!
I Wish Spaddy Didn't Have Crazy Work Hours I Could Use A Good Hours!!
What's a king to a God?
Yay Record Store Day!
A young Hindenburg crew member survived the jump when the ship made a slight bounce. He then served in German military.
nah i aint mad. your fuckin stupid.
great song boys! I could see this going!
The only thing I regret in life is that I have devoted much time to people who were not worthy.
its about time
Sipping on some coffee at the Chatterbox. Seattle better watch out!
let us know if you need anything. We are the ambassadors to pas :)
I think I can do that for you haha :)!
SO to Happy 18th Birthday to a great great brother & son! Have a great day.
pleasee follow back?
I remember when 3 in the morn. I was drunk stumbling into my house and Taylor was drunk stumbling out my house.
Must have been raised by monkeys.
what's your name
Hopefully if I eat some real food, this pain in my stomach will go away
I have already started you.
Just was asked by a man in gelman if I'm married.... He was confused because I was wearing "so many rings"...
Also your future babies. Triplets. All boys.
An hour of Total Immersion swim drills tonight. Officially in love. It certainly beats the old splash fest.
Apparently, saying "are those pants made of bacon? Cause you look like a pig in them" is NOT the best pick up line.
a repeat of last weekend
That Dorito taco makes me want to simultaneously throw-up/die/weep for humanity... seriously... EW
Today was quite the productive day! Now if I can only get some time to study...
he did have yellow on now he has pink...I like yellow better
Indeed for me also. Pretty boring.
you too?
Patriot gun safes is big on promoting child safety within the local community.
I severely dislike when people choose to use words like "pabulum" with many contradictory meanings. It makes no sense.
Love Willie doing Coldplay!
#Nets head coach Avery Johnson is the #Spurs all-time assist leader with 4,474.
I'd be more excited about Harper and Trout than Cespedes, by a long shot.
Just because I am probably not getting laid this weekend do not assume I will be at the opening of The Avengers.
Already off work for the day and back in my jams :) Don't feel like doing a damn thing today!!
MSLP technical alert price was at .0167 on alert thing is picking up steam
what time monday?
#SpringBreak is on!
It's 4am and just finished jerking. Clearly i kick ass!! um what is Jerking? please explain how you "kick ass"
what did they say??
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. Wayne Gretzky
Of course! We met at a wrap party for a web series I starred in. is good people!
Yeah oysters! That's cool, that place has other good "happy hour" deals.
We went to Tucanos. They are always packed.
you are correct and you win 2 tix to on Sunday 10-10-10 just send and tix will be there
There's some weird redirect issue w/ the mobile version, that might be it. I couldn't get it to work on Android
hell yea finally!
Whoa, for WA?
I WANT POPEYE'S CHICKEN!
10% off your tab to all local at The Queen Voctoria Pub inside the Riviera
Have a wonderful productive week, lots to do this week, wish us luck! Back in a bit, until then... Be Well!
oh it was
Happy Birthday to her!
BoooooHaaaaHaaaaHaaaaaHaaHaaaahaaaaaa!!!! (In my sadistic, evil, witch voice) Lol! ;-)
Happy Leap Day! Is it business as usual or are you doing something special with your extra day?
I love it when you eat it <U+E402>
Yes! When I worked on I loved their hyper-micro-local focus, but the ads are the real "small town" treasure
A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle.
lol jealous . I dont haha ..what chu been up to , its been like 2 years
There was free booze and free food for this dance!
that was a great write up. Can u speak abt the noise levels in the cabin as compared 2 Boeing jets?
I was there with my man and a friend of ours
not true I watched Lamar on espn3. I've watched games from all 3 networks on espn3.
RT: “: You can watch share his Koch Bros. vision for Wisconsin's future at tonight's State of the State address.
going to the movies tonight :) soul surfer
how i would react if followed me i have a feeling there would be some Girly screams and some jumping a definite YouTube moment
Huntsman right on natural gas
My boyfriend is my other half,I can't tell you how much he means to me <33
Grab your life vests! The Hurricane is here
Mhmm :) you're like my makeup artist inspiration. Haha. But honestly...
No matter how old u are, an empty wrapping paper tube is a Light Saber! May the force be with u!
Home for Easter? How's that going?: Students often find it tough leaving home for the first time but, writes Mad..
All my instructors at have the cutest butts. There must be something to this madness. My own butt is following their lead.
Thanks for the #FM ;)
Pumped up kicks dubstep version >>> Original pumped up kicks
"An EYE for an EYE, a TOOTH for a TOOTH." -Revenge.
and I are taking a road trip to Chicago next week! Yay x
Exclusive:Source says San Diego Narcotics Task Force "forgot" about handcuffed detainee for FOUR days in holding room.
oh. well my mommy doesn't think its a good Idea for me to go this week anyways but I can if I want. So Idk...
To the man walking the two goats around Austin: where's your utilikilt bro?
big ones are much better
#SWB12 The energy here is insane! GO GO GO! Can't wait to see the presentations!
“: I would like a hagen daz ice cream bar!” Make mine a Ben & Jerry's peace pop. Perfect day for ice cream! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
Tonight should be all about Dick Clark,Billions respected him, we hope CNN lets everyone know just how very special he was in life.
Check out John Ralston Saul's book Voltaire's Bastards. This book has really been an eye opener.
Did Tonner just do the four LOTR dolls or were there special ones I missed?
she much prettier and cooler then you super cool. my sister friend said this to some chick
Went to the San Diego Natural History Museum yesterday for the #Titanic exhibit. Very cool, but no Heart of the Ocean on display ;)
Thanks to all my new (and old) followers. S/O to the newest newbies:
hey guys, we're doing a project for restaurant week and would like to ask you a few questions, what's your email?
On this day of your birth, may you get laid.
- That's when you know things have really gone south.
thanks for the mention Laurent. We'd love to help!
Something we can help w/ in the meantime? ;)
RT we used to be best friends, now we dont even say hi to eachother in the hallway
how are cameras about lives? No one seems to care about lives of clinic consumers.
I Want To Go Home :l
Good morning!
I need a nap!
#pw2012 WOW says a single worker in NM needs to earn $11.40 to be economically secure in NM
if you could play with any 3 players in college, out of your class, who would they be?
if your a carnivore go to Fogo De Chao its a brazilan steak house
Takin a walk. Lovin' this Florida weather! :D
hahah I know ;) I'm talking table-top RPG. knows what I'm talking about I bet ;)
I can already tell grad school is going to be much more difficult during the warmer months. 6 mos down, 18 to go. I can do this... maybe
Oh my god that song is perfect!
sorry for not replying or RT sooner.
…but then MSFT would have every James Bond movie available to stream in HD on every Xbox, smartphone, and every device with Woodstock…
oh, yes, I know. This isn't my first rodeo. (But of course, thanks for the tip)
Wouldn't it be cool if a 'Job Fair' really was a fair...with rides & popcorn & home made jams. Unemployment would be so cool.
Congrats to on his All State Honorable mention from the associated press!! Congrats young man!! #proud <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
Lebron going ham
I really want Tom and Eddies right now
OccupyPBS wants more programming in Spanish
hm, You might like a chai tea latte- they're a tasty, sans coffee delight!
We can stop suspicion from becoming fear, then hate. Let's break down our own assumptions about people & ask questions kindly.
If I see another post or tweet about YOLO, I'm gonna find the first person who said it, and cut out their eyes. Where's your YOLO now?
Bestf.>Boyf. idk why people think its okay to put someone on the back burner cause they now have a significant other to occupy their time
My teacher loves me - she puts kisses against all my sums.
Great Times call for Great Friends, Gabriel Jason & Sonia dambbb I missed these nights<3
All mohomies are the best :D <3 we all love you <3
follow back?(:
Had a great time at #chinatown and #littleitaly the Lights looked so beautiful tonight :) new #art on it's way
Feel of rain on your sunburn = excellent; feel of New Yorkers stabbing their umbrellas into your sunburn = :'(
I want A pet Hoglet
Sadly no, but damn!!
Want to walk with Senator Debbie at the #NationalBabyFoodFestivalParade? Contact me at 231-580-5265 or
The mis-education of the child is complete. Today, he is concerned "Weird Al" Yankovic died. "Who's Michael Jackson?" then he sings "Fat".
The moment I embraced my #naturalhair man you couldn't tell my ass nothing. Thought my fro was the shhh :) Still do Lol
You're an alcoholic. I'm just drunk.
Good point! I'm going to reach and check or use a mirror
Hey BFF have u heard the song TTYLXOX
#MiddleSchoolMemory w/ remember when.we cheated on the state test and it was like 10 of us texting each other answers kmsl
amazing reply. 100 points for you.
To get what you want, STOP doing what isn't working. -Dennis Weaver
That'd be Nagasaki actually.
Just arrived at ATT Center for Nine Inch Nails, but gotta admit I'm just as exited about openers Ghostland Observatory.
More fun!
Oz is to the Wisconsin Dells as The Wizard is to Tommy Bartlett
We are !! > RT : Now that Christmas is over, Who is ready for ??
RT : Where do you #volunteer and why? Tell us on our FB page and your group could get a $2,500 Umpqua grant!
Big thank you!
Never wait for things to happen- make things happen- InSpotter app
Needs epileptic seizure warning, but funny!
On #ShakespearesBirthday, take a moment to remember #DCtheatre's beloved Gaurav Gopalan, who cherished+celebrated this day. We miss you, GG.
Calling a cab when you are too drunk: $21.50.
what reason?
-- Thanks for follow. Hope to see you at San Diego Wine & Roses Charity #Wine Tasting & Sale June 10 at
Be sure to #tweet a photo of your #Facebook bell ringing!
"Success is achieved and maintained by those who~TRY~AND~KEEP~TRYING."~W. Clement Stone MT DanJminor
Whew, what a great night, had to vent real quick. #overit Now back to substantive matters like what's for dinner, er breakfast that is!
EARLY IS BETTER THAN ON TIME & LATE
Been awhile. Hi tweeter.
Three more to 250 followers! RT please!
nothing better than homemade coconut brittle w/freshly grated coconut&homemade choco cupcakes filled with ganache and whipped frosting
you work six days a week??
/: same here bro
BTW,I'm not contesting whether or not FB mattered after Jan25. I'm just saying it very much did for the initial demonstration.
Jason Marr and Morgan Rowe on KGNW radio at 4:19pm today! Tune in for some Pitmen Painters fun.
A cold shower on a cold day Is always a rough start
Happy New Years! Are you the best poker grinder? Tell us!
artcl misses point. #STEM NOT about memorization... about INQUIRY and CREATIVITY. This is why we are falling behind.
in dc and i'm going to mizz jeezy again, i love u jeezy, i think u are the realist....
you can't help everyone. let God...
The excellence of a gift lies in its appropriateness rather than in its value
I just emailed a show called conquer your fear I hope I make it
took yoga yesterday - today is golf! :)
have a safe trip and have fun :)))!!!!
#Fulbrightenrichment social conservatives struggle to finalize questions for candidates. Immigration, gun control, marriage being debated.
Had a great time with my sweet baby! Love you!!!
"I don't care how poor a man is; if he has family, he's rich." ~ Colonel Sherman T. Potter (M*A*S*H). Rest In Peace Harry Morgan: 1915-2011.
Q: What's more bullseye-sey than a bullseye? A: Penis tramp stamp
thanks for the follow.
Shut up. Man up.
Any ideas on what to do this weekend?
lol! I am getting a lot of that! Apparently, it is in doubt!
Always go for what you want NOT what you think you can get.
so proud of you! Way to represent our great #OKState !
My mom has been asked to write a column for Forbes! I want go to the Forbes party...
Aboard Piper Navaho, 10 seater. Pilot ;ohn promises to update as we cross the Arctic Circle. Destination Coldfoot
I will I'm not home right now
<U+FFFD>Eighty-five percent of the reasons for failure are deficiencies in the systems and process rather than the employee
Drama, i try staying out of it.... couple of weeks later its back again
“: It's a fancy night, and so Ryan pulled out his bump-it for the occasion. #Bachelorette”
your going to have to wait mark!
Re: TREATS. But Natural Balance Meat Rolls, cut into small cubes for training. #newPuppy will learn faster the more he likes 'em.
Full Moon Delight! How can i relish a full moon when it is so cold outside?Free Idea! I have got to find a way to watch it on webcam. 3812
I'll CRY IFI CAN'T SEE YOU. Btw The Maine and nsn are on the same stage. Nsn is right after!
#TRON was awesome and beautiful. Jeff Bridges+Daft Punk+shipping container loft+light cycles in 3D="Radical, man!"
Might take aussie yen off. looking weak.
I just got called hot by a guy ive never met on facebook but i talk to him alot... I STILL GOT IT
ill send it as soon as my dad takes me to the post office dm me her address again please? :)
I wanna make love to old school music one day
Yes! RT : Anyone else having difficulty getting the new iTunes T&C page to come up so you can update your apps?
i swear to god, neck kisses are the best..
Awake. Wondering WTF? Last night at Harvey's was fun, s+j hideaway was great . . . I'm old and falling apart. Matt brought me home at 10pm.
great to meet you! Hope to see you again soon. Anyone from your chapter going to #iabc12?
follow back boo! Lol!
2 hours an the I'm on my mini vacation!!!
RT : Love Soulman Sam! (0= RT “: Hey - you coming out to see Soulman Sam tonight?”
hello,was wondering if you could help me since google is not i am trying to stretch 2 sets of gauges into one
It may also be a way of harking back to classic science fiction - Wells, Verne - as a homage/reimagining.
Family Force 5's new music video.
NOW THERE'S A NASCAR DRIVER!!!
Okay if you over use the word "ratchet" then i now consider you annoying as fuck. Just stop.
Join us at Hunger Walk 2012, then stick around for the official Scoutmob/Baby Robot after party at Octane.
to be at your best for any triathlon come train at Velocity Sports Performance NYC!
just checking up on ya, get at me for a shoot
I'm cold :c
When are you coming back to Minneapolis? We want you back on soon!
Plone and buildout do a poor job of selling themselves
Congrats to all!
bo his So lol
Got new things for my room today from a friend so it free n now i can get my comforter n paint
I REALLY JUST DONT GET YOU SOMEDAYS YOURE ALL TALKATIVE SOME DAYS YOU WANT NOTHING TO DO WITH ME…. QUIT PLAYING FUCKING GAMES!!!!!!
holy crap how in the freaking world did u do tht?!?
really?! I gotta look at that list again. Just highlights how there is great bass fishing everywhere.
"The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you." - Elbert Hubbard
“: There's plenty of food & drink during #Suberbowl Sunday, what are some of the better items served today?” A to Z Pinot.
S/o to my new follower (: and she #EST .
two more days.... lol
Wham bam thank you maam. Devils.
Congratulations you won Twitter Money Machine Giveaway! Come Grab the Cash April 19 at 7pm!
My flight is delayed aka more time in Detroit. Wah.
Ouch..I just got punched in the gen gap. 20 yrs ago when Xmen got too Xover driven & I read back into silver age, Avengers were lame to kids
RT : unBEADable Fridays, come to Players club to find out how to win!
fun 36 hours in LA, but so happy to be home in SD!
Hey, in the process of planning a trip to London/Barcelona/Prague/Budapest/etc. in late summer. suggestions on cheap air?
Gonna make some art after hangin out after work in the museum.
keep pushing...keep praying....and not going to let man still my joy !!!
Of course we are, we're getting married lol :-)
People that write essays on Yelp ... WHY?!?!?!
That dude or person keep on mentioning me I'm scared
I'm going to try to send you a video of him singing it. He is amazing.
Tomorrow is my birthday wow
I think the most sq footage we have in our apts here is about 650 sf, so 765 is spacious indeed.
when are you guys moving?
great job playing the heel today!! I love the cat fans having your back & the card fans crucifying you! You are a pro-wrestler.
Fourth cup!!
I'm jazzed. 2 SLP apps out to libraries for review. Only...16 to go? But the library that looked theirs over today was super-excited. :)
if we even have a chaperone . Cuz dwyer said we don't have to stay with our groups. Only to go to the bathroom (c)
we were probably funny before the Internet :)
If you are a supporter of the #MuslimBrotherhood, you do not belong in America. MB = terror. RT
Girls are so annoying
At 9:00PM EST a concept call will be available! If you wanna participate in something HUGE, I suggest you call in. 646 519 5860 Code: 64630#
At the rate I'm going, I should just change my major to English & become an author.
These are the times I live for.. Making it feel like summer!! :)))
fer real
Help wanted: Telepath. You know where to apply.
Simon Cowell is CASTING "THE X-FACTOR" in Los Angeles this weekend. Sign up and show your talent: www.CastingDNA.com
have incentive and proof to be able to track the person down for deformation of character. My uncle who's a police officer is
I love you not because of who you are, but because of who I am when I am with you.
The type of birth that make you wish that you had never met her.
I think that's SOP for many countries. "open borders if you're unlikely to use our safety net" is stingy but not neces. problematic
RT : Your miracle lies not in the past nor the future, but in your complete acceptance and embrace of this moment.
Let's welcome to the Twitterverse. Here 5 days & already has 1,700 followers. And Desmond, keep any Thunder talk to yourself.
: previously on… Missed last week's show. Way backed up on TiVo list & haven't seen show in a month. Just discovered the show...
gettin skinny. or trying to at least
No kidding. Pitch pitch pitch.
thats what makes you interesting:-)
Hey! girl whats up? :)
Over the last months I have been fortunate to receive many endorsements. I am grateful for your support.@ CuyahogaDems
I loved last weekend :)
Roughly four in ten West Virginia Democrats voted for a man imprisoned in Texas over Barack Obama in the state's presidential primary.
RT : Get a FREE Chick-fil-A meal tonight when you drop off a new teddy bear for Rady Children's Hospital! From 5-8pm
Thanks for the kind words!
u at super bowl? Finish #Clutch?
I hope not!
RYAN EFFIN HOWARD
MB said "We Love You Too!!!!"
how do i breathe- mario
they have one in harahan!
Thank you to all our friends that came out to support us at the Art Festival last weekend. You guys rock!
Keep your eyes peeled, we'll be giving away much much more free, signed stuff this week! Just because we love you :)
Matienzo's Oil
Great! I'm glad you like it :)
you watching it?
dude upload some videos! Technology isn't that hard :'D!!!please <333
ALL LOCALS GET IN FOR $5!!! 2-1 DANCES ALL NIGHT!! YOU KNOW U NEED TO GET OUTTA THE HOUSE SO CUM DOWN AND SEE US!!!
RT : Tickets for Bruce 's 8/18 show go on sale TOMORROW at 10am but u can win your way in by RTing this by 5pm!
I shouldn't have doubted Tebow.
congrats! Excited to see who you have in store!
Soup's on at Lottie's - savory white bean and corned beef & spicy roasted vegetable. Eat your heart out Soup Nazi!!
Thanks for the follow! I appreciate it -
just is one on million chance that you follow me 1 i hope that you know that you are 18! we will never leave you justin<U+2665>
art now for this thursday's Art Walk. Art of , & Urban Masters
Anyone headed to the Highpoint #Market in NC this week!?
Bach party in Louisville! Fun fun fun!
oh yeh. Melo pretty close to us. We're gonna win this game.
New interns start today! Interested in a Spring 2010 internship with TMI? e-mail us at
An interactive night of beer and food samplings, beer history, trivia, and home brewing tips lead by a local beer expert!
The big question is how will the cost vary from FB Ads and Sponsored stories? Thanks for sharing Mari
Coming up with a new #socialmedia plan for one of the clients at my internship has been very enjoyable!
I want to cry knowing that you're happy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Got 3 out of 4 for my Final Four picks and am now 2nd in my pool to someone whose winning team is Missouri. How? *sigh* Missouri . . .
Another late night. I thought #Halloween is supposed to be #FUN! But, working on cool stuff like #Facebook Pages #HappyHalloween everyone!
RT "Put Everything In God's Hands And Soon You Will See God's Hands In Everything...."
VERY beautiful! :')
Twenty years ago, could you have imagined Magic buying the Dodgers? Greatest comeback in our lifetime?
I'm popular at poppin dough, breakfast at Pappadeuxs
Cheap wine night and yogurt with Brandon makes all the problems go away...
I want an ipad too. They're awesome, but I saw my partner drop his 2 feet onto the sidewalk and it shattered--in its case. :(
I moved to New York 2 years ago. I still dont need to own an alarm clock bc the street cleaning truck wakes me up at 7 AM, everyday. MLINY
yes man I owe u an over the phone don't I??
haha sounds like a plan ! But it's up to jasamyne , she's the driver. I have no license right now lol.
Praying a Sun Stand Still prayer...
have a good day today ! Love it when your happy !!! <3
"I'm the freaking presentation lady!"
Nikki's Anderson stresses that hybrid courses aren't condensed versions of traditional courses.
any advice 2 help me from getting hurt when I go snowboarding?PLEASE REPLY! Ive been trying for 2wks for you 2reply. Pls get on
“Attempt the impossible in order to improve your work.” ~Bette Davis
STOP POSTING PICTURES OF YOURSELF
You're probably right, but don't lump me in w/ all those dishonest, lazy guys... Almost noon? My workday is nearing an end, lol
Panda express for dinner? #umheckyeah !!
Index Creative Village in VN venture
Can't believe the judges gave them sympathy 9's.
You should think about becoming a professional chef.
Thanks for the follow!
Last weeks of School are always chill and you dont shit so why even Come... They should just the last two weeks out. Cuz we dont even work
RT : It hurts the most when the person that made you feel so special yesterday makes you feel so unwanted today.
Read more news in our upcoming March e-newsletter, so sign up for our email updates if you haven't already! www.childrensbookpress.org
We got lots of rain and unexpected snow! We're still waiting for our sunrises to be less grey :)
Going to be driving, but is full speed ahead with #sbchat ~ make sure you join him when all the action begins in a few
Stitches are out
way ahead of you Candie. Jeez I'm just an undercover mahomie'
4 AM and I can't sleep so what do I do?? I draw! Have my drawing tablet and my pen all ready to go! Working on 24 hours without sleep.
RT : Somebody tell why he should pick Syracuse one more time before he makes his decision
Surround yourself with others who are engaged in what you're doing, and you'll do better.
I feel book portfolios are as relevant as the New York Times is. Haven't pulled mine out of the closet in quite a long time.
Lets get #BBN all over - IU fan that just won't quit! His comebacks are hilarious lmao. Needs a smack down!
text me <3
why? anyways is 2 days as well!
True that! :) RT : Go Padres! I can't wait to watch us sweep the dodgers on the home opener series. Who is going? -Ralph
#iLikePeopleWho Working had to get what they want!!
#AskBieber How do you pick where to go for the believe tour?
800printingnyc800printingnycNYC #1 PRINTING & GRAPHIC DESIGN COMPANY! www.800printingnyc.com
That's so cool, Ruth! Congratulations.
I'm In, where do I sign UP
Happy Birthday!
I don't understand
If you decide to buy the wishbone necklace, let us know so we can find you a good coupon code :)
I *almost* want the Lakers to lose just b/c I enjoy apocalyptic scenarios. I see Bynum picking up Mike Brown and hurling him, WWE-style.
I got a text at 1am from MM saying I should probably wash the dress.
But classic nonetheless!
Hi guys! Want to make sure you received a recent email abt a Kitchen PLAY event. Check your spam folder & let me know. -Casey
sick!!! love you!
The future of reality programming for kids: "more expensive" (lol) (Pickard), more inclusive and interactive (Commisso).
so did I. But was a little fried by then. Thanks!
If I call 's oatmeal pecan chocolate chip cookies "granola bars" it's okay to eat them for breakfast, right?
I don't think I would either. Maybe they should come out with lickable wallpaper for kids rooms. :0)
Not Jessie's girl again....
Stomach Cramps <<<<<<
NO!I wont be silenced
This is not going to be nice but it is true. Those asshole trustees at Penn State should all be ashamed of themselves.
Just Googled that movie title & realized I out-kicked your ages on that last Tweet. The movie from 1991.
me too!
I just retruned from Las Vegas where I met with Ed Slott, America's premier IRA advisior. Learned lots of great stuff. Watch for my blog.
Nice!! See you tonight!
hahah you're right, you're right
Sleep. You and I will meet again one day. And when we do, it will be magic.
ARE YOU FOLLOWING He's a beefcake with great buns
I love Jurnee! I'm kinda bummed her pilot didn't get picked up.
Love this, I think right idea. You can always find more people RT : Whats more important, the right idea, or the right people?
How do you beat the Lakers then lose to the Bulls the next night?
Slim Bacon to perform tonight at 6.
Surely if enough fans scream at the ref after a replay of the disallowed goal he'll give it back! He simply must!
this girl sure loves to #fish :)
Oil-based stains have no ring. Think twice before washing – soap and water may set the stain.
besides me. Seeking distractions from the florecents, scretching kids, and the wait.
i know do it to make u laugh lol
2 ringsRT : I can't even get on twitter anymore without finding out another one of my followers deciding to become a rapper.
Among our users are Bank of America, AT&T and Exxon to name but a few
Urrgg i need more followers :p
Hope to you and a new OC next year.
yes, tried the new theatre. Very comfy reclining seats. Pricey but nice atmosphere for u & Approx 65 seats/theatre.
cant wait to get started on this colla.
I need to live in NZ for a lot of good reasons, I think.
Watch Big daddy or night at the roxbury?#hard decision
nothing just watching glee
Wish i uad a true female by my side who bout my age and in Memphis doe
I love that movie :)
RT : Had a great 2hr mtg w n of in #Scottsdale ! I'm likin what they have 2 offer small biz!
LOL you've been doing shots haven't you?
That's insane, why???
Roseanne Barr just yelled at me-something about "rogue capitalism"?Do I qualify as a commie bastard yet?lol labels shld come w/descriptions
NBM is the schizzy; incomparable DC materials and perspectives!
Eating and people watching with the homie Josh
you don't want to see dkr?
Thank you to everyone who applied to be apart of today'd focus group! We has over 100 applicants
Stupid Groundhog
Another high rolling, hole in the wall dining establishment tonight. Tons of great, cheap food right off the Vegas Strip....
Another AA Availables Showcase participant off the board ": Coty Clarke (6-7/F/2012) of Lawson St. CC committed to Arkansas"
Going to change the oil in my car today. ON MY OWN. These gay boys should learn how to.
Saw a SAG screening of Toy Story 3 and then Father's Office afterward. Great great movie.
Just defended my mom for the first time in who knows when. That just really made me mad, that's my mom.
Editing...writing...fun stuff coming soon!
thank you so much! Let me know ur thoughts am Illegal! Cheers!
There was a "True Life... I have A.D.D." episode once. Not the same as you with your own reality show
She shows the perfect amount of hidden strength behind that abused wall she has up the first three episodes. Took four viewings to see it.
: omg those boys were creepin lol
Pro Tip; if Seinfeld is on the tv while you're having sex, try not to look over @ the TV & laugh
Very cool. Did you produce or anchor it?
Zero money corruption or ANY corruption in my campaign!
very welcome
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
I kinda want to change my college path from a business path to a film career path
or they ask you to do their makeup.
Who are your top 5 upcoming bands!!! Link us to their twitter accounts!
Obsessing over a celebrity doesn't mean they obsess over you like you think they do..
let me know! I had to make a quick stop, should be there by 2!
Tip of the day: If you dont want your eyes to get zapped then alls you got to do is wear antizap eye protection.
Out of all the restaurants in Northport wow my mom picked a WINNER lmfaooo
"It'll all be good in the end. If it's not good, it's not the end." Skylar Diggs, Notre Dame Basketball Player
I hate knowing that I probably won't get enough sleep tonight...
Missing DBS at the Hard Rock Cafe Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tmrw Fri 3/30 at 8pm would be...uncivilized.
WOW crazy wild game! Can't sleep on no man. Can't go cold in the 4th.
happy birthday stew stew
yes that sucks! We are adults. This is malarkey I tell you!
Protest The Hero
Its a beautiful day out here in Las Vegas
love u zayn.... Just btw. Hope u have a great day! :D
Watching Bill Maher n they rn an argument about Reagan vs Obama what Reagan did that Obama did not. I'm shoutn CRACK MFKN COCAINE!
The University of Miami climbs to #38 in the rankings of the US News and World Reports Top Colleges in the country. It's all about the U!
Sadly, there are no good seats at a Final Four except in front of the TV.
Thx for the follow - you provide the BEST office space support in greater Boston - I'm a BIG FAN!
haha yea brooks is on top of his social media game man
I hope it's not too late to add the Forever Lazy to my Christmas list. Order now & it comes with fleece footies : )
oh snap true that have you seen it?
RT: Playing with Storyline...finally (been busy). Fun! #Articulate #lrnchat #elearning - can you share? Thinking of testing...
I just got stalked by dammnn (:
Eating some lasagna
Rail Runner prices are going up & the sched is changing, but don't worry, there's an express train now.
Are you following us on FacebookPages/Twitter/Tumblr/Pinterest yet?
This morning @ Green Valley Lib, Making Sense of The American Civil War: Imagining War will be presented. Don't miss it!
Poll: Is Naniwa the best #protoss in the world?
great drama unfolding at the College World Series. Arizona State needs a win to avoid elimination!
and Thanks!
I love this story... "A ninja robber is finally caught" Yes he lept over countertops at stores...Tune in now for the story...
Nothing like watching step brothers at 5:00 in the morning. Haha.
I'm pondering our next worldly adventure... I'm thinking London > Somewhere in Scandinavia > Munich > Salzburg > Barcelona? Suggestions?
Not that we're aware of. But that's what the Pizza Lab is for :)
Have u seen my background on here? Lol Im in heaven
We've all heard it enough AT.
Grrrh wish I could wave a magic wand... or had a time machine either would do.
: have a great weekend Gale!
this is such an awesome song...thanks for reminding me! - Alex G.
Wow! I'm almost at 500 #Assyrian followers. It happened so fast! #Assyrian <3
haha thanks ;p
Workplace #safety tip: Be relaxed. Injuries & pain can occur if neck & shoulders muscles remain constantly tensed
Let's do it. do you have my number? - Ross
Lol okay this time I won't search "chemjobberman." I know how to take a jint.
you speak the truth brother!
Freud and Lacan. Reading about shit.
i constantly check my phone to see if i get a text or a call from you
Youll love him.Tough runner w breakaway speed & gr8hands.His 8yd runs r better than other RB's long 1's RT :Watching Polk tomorrow
I'm about to become more domestic so I can have any hopes of getting married...starting off with learning how to cook!
Movie tomarrow activity gonna be funn hopefully....
Not happi bout spending tonite alone. But ima make the best of it... y do I have a boyfriend again???
That's cool, no one cares
cray... Why you no give me hug today?
Recruiting for a Records Management & Archives Coordinator to work at a client site in San Francisco, CA. This is a long-term contract opp…
What's cooking at your house today?
i've been busy narrowing down the best of the 60 or so songs i have written since december!
tonight's game sparked a bunch of crazy memories from my 1 yr at #MississippiValleyStateUniversity lol
Friends and I tried to sing a Jem song for the 5th grade talent show. Didn't make it b/c song was too "mature."
is a great business choice boss lady ill see you soon :) Im ready to get to work.
OK so suggest a place this Friday May the 4th... NE side... at 8 pm? We will show up!
Just saw a baby crying on Santa's lap. My trip to the mall is complete...
Love your twitter name...too cute!!
Research King Lear and after you're done, you can go back to sleep :)
Tim Duncan has 18 points and 8 rebounds. He goes to the bench with 37.9 seconds left in third quarter. He might be done for regular season.
Stupid Dorian gray quiz <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I wanna meet the Victorious cast do bad :-!
lost in stereo
Come and visit me in NY boys! I miss you like a fat kid misses sloppy joe day at summer camp.
Vegan slices from 5pm-close tonight!
Now that classes are over, ready to finish up grading and get to work finishing up a chapter
well it's just showing love
That was Nelson's tweet congratulating the other two, I believe.
RT Walgreen to Buy Drugstore.com: Walgreen agreed to acquire online retailer Drugstore.com for about $429 million...
Thank you Jane!
Instead of #YOLO I'm probably going to start saying
cant wait for my follower to come to Houston this summer!!
Private Murder Mystery Event in Chino, CA tonight. Perfect rainy evening for mystery.
Best of luck to the Badgers Women's team. Bring home another Championship to Madison
#femtechnet what topics would u want in a big ole open access feminism/technology course?
RT : Why is it that when you take government off my back you put it into my lady parts?
The fake laugh you do when you don’t understand what somebody just said to you. You're like :D but deep inside you're like o_O
Going to a breakfast place tomorrow that has happy hour from 8-9 am. So awesome!!!
Please follow me back<3
We just found out that a competitive analysis we did for a #nwindiana clt just helped them get investor $. Woo-hoo!
It's hard to say no..
": To be honest, you're the only one i've ever spent this much time and effort on. <U+2665>"
yes, total Cher move
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Do as much ordering, funds transfers and other tasks online. You save time doing your errands from your desk.
The week of Oct 20 we plan 2 be recording interviews with a variety of “hot” people in OC like Scott Dunlop, Creator, RealHousewives of OC!
Now following
"Too often, we did nothing." #ArmenianGenocide. We didn't get justice, it's time to make justice.
Of course a Joss Whedon-scripted Scarlett Johansson would rocket back to the top of the list. Because of course she would.
You gettin' the braces tightened? :]
Morning Sorors! Chapter Meeting Roll Call! Who's getting ready?
I really hate my job.
COOL...DM ME UR EMAIL SO I CAN SEND U SOME JOINTZ.
plz follow me y9ur fan from the usa it would make my day :)
We will have our Day of Prayer service at the Church Sun is shining but there are 20 mph gusts of wind don't want you to blow away ;-)
wondering whether todays stock market moon shot has the "sell in may and go away" folks eating their livers?
Ahaha! Marry me...
never a dull moment with my blasian. lol
I've been to Massachusetts North Carolina South Carolina Maryland Pennsylvania Virginia Tennessee Georgia DC & obv Florida
lol you're not forever alone!
Also, 96 NBA Draft (still procrastinating) #CharlotteHornets traded #KobeBryant 4 #VladeDivac. Would #Hornets still exist if not so dumb?
Five bucks for a Mother's Day card. Five bucks! I say do away with all holidays or cards.
BECAUSE EVERYBODY KNOWS IM THE MEANEST PERSON ALIVE LOL
The Knicks have already beat up on my HEAT so tonight i will be going for Orlando!!
I be t y'all keep looking at the same direction where mb is. I AM! lol
You can also check out my performance on Maury's most talented kids on YouTube
SMILE..its contagious:):)
you are awesome thanks for the support!
Porpos-kin are interesting creatures. I've played a shitload of Tierkreis the past few days...
Thanks, ! , I think you blue the competition!
. & you two are the best!! And the food was amazing & delicious!
Chipotle would be so much better if you could feed the idiots who eat facing the street.
is telling me it's time to water the basil--how wonderful is THAT!
O My Godness..:O
"...invisible colleges are more than just small, tight-knit networks of scholars—they must also be connected and influential..."
I know that friend be glad you only got murdered.
Eggs? Nigerians? What exactly is going on here?
E x c e l l e n t - our evil plan is advancing nicely.
FREE trivia and comedy night! Come check it out!
My pleasure!
RT : Breaking News: President officially kicked off his #2012 reelection campaign at a rally in Tucson Arizona.
Who here likes the old Mo-Town music? We love it! Classics!
You know it's the future when I complain about non-HD feeds of fireworks.
S/O to my new follower all ima say is
How to spend last day of no work? marathon
Day #4 of being super sick :( Is there a doctor in the house?
your so lucky, i want some ):
Having to sneezing and it just won't come out <<< -_-
will you guys be there tomorrow? i'm thinking about taking some photos and featuring #coffeeoffice on the blog!
Well it is Spring
she stole that breast milk from dania
I know I'm the same way “: I watched that fight 5 times, I don't understand????”
so "higher purpose?"
Haven't seen Return of the King in two years. Never stops being awesome. #TNT cc:
Tune in Sept. 17th to watch the Oprah show I was lucky enough to attend. It's BIG!
Can't believed that Azarenka beats defending champion Clijsters.. What an awesome match!
Yeah doggy you rap and I will just sing the falsetto's over the chorus
can I get a happy birthday for my sister please? Thankyou! :-)
Bumping that music, they inspire me to make some sick tracks!!
IF WE SELL 700 COUPONS THEN I'M DRAWING FOR FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP! TELL YOUR FRIENDS, FAMILY, CO-WORKERS, NEIGHBORS, SPOUSE, BF, GF!!!!!!
that is really weird that the street view of that building is that old
Lets go g-men!!! Gettin pumped right now!!!
aight.. you gone be working at willowbrook still?
How is that possible? wow you are going 0 to 100 fast
That's a great likeness of her!!
i love you more! Josh better get JEALOUS. and thanks haha(:
GUESS WHAT I GOT TODAY!! THE POP STAR MAGAZINE U WERE IN!! :) <33
Newt #Gingrich will end his bid for the Republican presidential nomination & express his support for next week
I'm at the hospital. NBD.
yes I get more done without it lol
Great stuff thanks for the advice!
yeauh, are you? o:
Is there such thing as a sex hibernator? So many women talking about having long streaks of not getting any...
Donnybrook? Tho I think that may be a slur against Irishmen.
Pedro. Did you see my message?
shit we will cena got ripped off against the rock and this his big win now
How was everyone's #weekend?!
Im tired of these same old people in my contacts -_- always have boring conversations . Tweett me <3
Cleveland Booming Dam they can't wait settle down people
Toasted Coconut Donut + Caramel Coffee = Happy Angelique! Thanks !
how many are you expecting?
Congrats to our Professional Development team for their Excellence award win at the Chapter Management Awards
I'm not a jealous nigga I'm just about respect....
I often find myself playing improv games by myself-talking outloud,walking down the street-this is normal right?
omg. Die. I wish I were at the Met Ball! Let's go!
I'm not even hungry tho
Isn't at school today..... *cry cry cry* D:
Slice of the Week NORTH AVE: chicken, caramelized onions, and fontina cheese. M fontina cheese!
This rain is blowing my Mothers Day lol but I will be eating steak today s/o to my sis n law and brother for making me and my mom dinner
I need a change. Ladies, what is your go-to lipstick? Brand and color please.
Tumblr keeps crashing on my iPad = Steve Jobs' ghost is telling me to go to bed
You'll be safe-you were incredible last night!
I see that but I think it alienates readers and provides only short term revenue. So progressive in other areas but not in this.
dedication is a must
haha, maybe next time!
People drive me crazy
I like your definition...although rhetoric is often ineloquently done!. Maybe "successful rhetoric" instead
Follow Out Original Account Please !!
Set our own Record for Village daily attendance yesterday at 150,000 fans!!
LOST series* finale
Vanilla latte on a cold rainy day
im soo sleepy! :(
and A keyword immediately preceded by # is known as a hashtag.
I need drops from you g
Adore the Diggers! Good to see a reference, they are hardly brought up anymore as example.
I don't believe you have to have given birth to be a mother figure. So happy day to every of you! Kick line!
that is insane. what did you do?
": I feel sorry for people that are short AND fat." And the ones that think they can still wear
wats wrong with that...I had a long night
If you don't like my words, don't listen. If you don't like my appearance, don't look. If you don't like my actions, turn your head
austin posted the picture i edited of him and his younger self on his facebook and he gave me credit :D but some girl just(c)
With God all things are possible.
Any plans to ever increase your production of 30x30 pants? The world is conspiring against me getting some Gargamel's Revenge.
Nine Inch Nails dude just won an Oscar. Nice.
#RVA Dad got his #historical #fiction published for #kindle Check it out for free! Nutt Avenue by Arthur Wiggins.
what it do fam? Still looking for that colab :-)
I hate auto text.
Getting my Jeremy Renner man crush on.
Good and bad weekend. SKC bad, family and Arsenal awesome! Back at it tomorrow
The Wizard Of Oz one of the best movies ever!!
IM GONNA MISS MY TWINS 2MORROW ITS THEIR B-DAY:(
"how the wives kicked out the men and built and enterprise".
I'm submitting like crazy! Looks like there are a lot of opportunities out there :)
There are Jenga myths?
.: if anyone says "I don't use social media for my business" then the answer is yes, they are mismanaging it.
lol whats wrong with u being a gal?
We'd like to wish our Dad a very happy birthday!
can u please follow mee <3 !!!!
If you want to be successful, you're gonna have to want it just as bad as you want to breathe
Stop by the tasting room on Railroad Street this Sat and enjoy some live tunes 11AM-3PM from Mind Your T's & Q's while tasting some samples!
Sounds lovely!!
are poynette grads allowed in that town? Or when you're WBA best sportscaster it doesn't matter?
so full of icecream!!
Am I now?
Yeah! She's a fellow at RCAH...you should meet up with her.
having new spotlight operators every show and having to teach them every time
its posse homeboy
Ha, I appreciate that but eduClaytion's days are over!
They don't have gonzo journalism as a option for a career
Ah… Really considering going to the #ArtWalk but just didn't have anyone to go with lol…
hey welcome!
I just wish that my parents realized my close friends are reflections of myself. Vs the abhorrent, two-faced extended family. :p
Season 1 Modern Family would have had interesting thing to say about it. Now she just seems vilified and abandoned.
Awesome - please do keep me posted! XO J
it'll be legal in Maryland jan 1st 2013 gonna have a spring or summer wedding in the park
Rule #87: You are...Reading Twitters.
I took my AP history test today! I know I'm not gonna get my college credit :) lol
That's the gayest thing I've ever heard you say. I want pictures afterwards!
it has your name written all over it!!
I clearly remember my first surge of followers. If you followed me after Mac Miller RT and replied me, I know who you are and I wont forget.
go to Vegas. Spend the wedding money on buying or furnishing a home....and congratulations!
being the only person not in you industry in the room, it was a real eye opener!! I learned a ton!!
#GWU, it's Turkey Time at Thyme!!!! Have an early Thanksgiving today in #GWJStreet! Turkey, Dressing and all the fixins'!
Taken as: You're a beast. “: No. RT : "You have a strong handshake.....for a woman" Is that a compliment?
there R no preorders, that color releases November... : can you update me on the pre order for the Dolphin ones
You're quite welcome. Have a great weekend!
The downloader app should no longer freeze. Yay for no freezing!
#FollowMonday Inspired by these people!!!
Forgot I parked on the fifth floor...took the stairs..(-___-)..lol
come check us out!!
considering I've been at #disneyworld all weekend, playtime is right up my alley. What is place in IL you mentioned last year?
Debbie Wasserman Schultz crushed it on Meet the Press. Why was David Gregory trying to say that a net tax cut would help the deficit? Weak.
Thanks to ... Booked at Maloney's in Reading on March 3rd
we're going 6 OT's...RT : Wright makes it 72-70 with driving layup. 7.6 left Does Georgetown have a 3rd buzzerbeater in its quiver?
Looks like I need a new bottle of Bulleit.
Please use the question numbers in your answers and keep your tweets short to get RTs
Excellent pts by re OSS & Educause: bit.ly/uNgbY1 Conf is built around old ecosystem; must keep adapting.
One of my favorite bands in the whole world is playing at tonight, The Lemonheads!
would sell my soul for a rasp donut right now
I followed you. Now we can DM. The reason I ask we are hosting a FREE coaching session with NYC voice coach Tome Burke.
"Social Data: The Genome of your business". 's preso is SPOT ON. Build resilient programs on ground truth!
plain yogurt+frozen blueberries+honey+ground ginger=best low cal dessert ever
Sac Area teachers I will be speaking on the to the School of Edu at National Univ 1/24/12. Join us!
$6k left to go and three days to do it. Help us create a tool to engage teens in social good.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL!!!!! Love you<3 don't let them hoes getcha!;)
" LUSI.OB " Will give me much love with penny stocks this week can't wait..
The KSI library will be open this Friday, July 1 from 1-4 (approximately).
And Twitter is a minefield of snark, sarcasm, and sardonic statements.
If you love me, let me know. If not, please gently let me go. -
I didn't think it could ever happen, but you are starting to freak me out a little.
I haven't broke open the bag yet. The tasting notes say light and crisp. It's blonde roast profile.
FWD:From : In 2011, there were more violent deaths in Mexico than in Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia & Yemen combined.
In the end, all you have is your reputation.
Missed the gym today....that makes 20 years in a row....
Scottsville Farmers Market is now closed for the day. Visit us Thursday for more music, more fun, more fresh produce and take home meals!
Crap... Rent is due today.
The Torah is the way of life for all Jews and as a Messianic Judaism, the observing of the Torah is of prime importance (which is observed w
I do!
Skittles are the best sweets end of
yep. My parents live across the street.
Wishing it was possible to edit posts to fix grammatical errors.
#facebook is borked
You have 2561 followers on 5-16-2012 at 828pm Let's see what can be done about that! =)
America's Got Talent! (: woo
We'll take good care of you.
Welcome to the BridgeTEFL TweetChat! Ask us questions or share your #TEFL stories!
it's happening!
Here's to hoping can end the reckless tide of attempted curatorial marginalization in digital
k I will which person in the pic am I talkin to
Smokin out your bedroom window, why? because you're house has an alarm system and cameras.
if he hits 40 homers, well, you grit your teeth, and back up the Brink's truck.
I don't know, it'd be pretty expensive to replace a decent quill these days! ;-)
I know i have been extra active online today...3 ipad3 spamtweets just came in
throwbacks!!! im on the search!!!
you're seriously telling me they freehand the slurs? insane.
Author and historian Susan Gillis speaking at Bonnet House tonight at 6pm. RSVP to
Not sure if Roseanne is a worthy successor to Betty White in the Snickers commercial, but loved it anyway!
Movement Class with coming up in March. Send resume to to apply.
It was a fun time, but I'm sure you're excited about getting settled into your own place. That's a pretty bid deal, too.
Happy Monday Tucson! Get your week off to a GREAT start and join us for lunch!
and I landed in DC for #cni11f. We are going to preach the gospel of using library resources to create digital research tools.
Its chilly here in #boston after that rain
RT : Remember remember #the5ofnovember: gunpowder treason and plot! I see no reason gunpowder and treason should ever be forgot
and i saw breaking dawn yesturday it was scary/gross
Thank you, darling! I absolutely needed it today. :-)
ugh that sucks. does he have a secret catnip stash somewhere?
Get my raise from da.Otha job n 5months
Do any famous people ever follow you back??
Download the Library Anywhere app if you have an iPhone, Android, Blackberry, iPad, etc. to access our catalog anytime/anywhere!
Austin Powers watchin, neopoliton ice-cream eatin, and tyler posey on the brain. I can say my mind is stimulated.
~~~~~Let them visit an assisted living facility, and have them participate with and indulge the senior citizens...connections.
Nowell talking about the benefits of phasing in a BYOD program
Saturday edit fun.
Thank you! You always put a smile on my face.
Who watches hockey?
If you went sumbody and ain't never had a real argument with each other y'all lien to each other
stop at Monty's after the fishing Tournament & wear your Life Vest to support
Many asked about terms. DIRECTV already pays Versus more than any independent distributor and yet Comcast seeks a 20%+ hike on that rate
Arizona Senate wants to make it legal for doctors to lie to women when it comes to abortion? What year are we living in?
the summer is mine
I'm sure ill look back on my problems as a teenager and laugh because of how dramatic I was and how horrible I thought life was.. Lol
BEA Bloggers Attendee Spotlight: Sassymonkey Reads (Karen Ballum)
my human is from fort fun too.
If I never texted first, we'd probably never talk
Congrats to all warriors of Battledecks! You all did great :)
Anyone out there with experience with that? Shouldn't psychology work on teacher contract be equivalent? I know others have done this.
It's amazing how if you don't like someone, EVERYTHING they do annoys you.
okay, I think this day is enough. it is time I go to bed. . . Bye all
I can't deal wit you tonight lol
A sort of anxiety that distracts our mind resides in between expectancies and frustrations.
RT : Best pt made: If a 96-yr-old company like can embrace social media, YOUR company can!
cheater! Besides I'm playing for the senior foresomes team that day
Not really sure how you can give an error to Hudson or Alonso there. Tough play on both ends. #brewers v
@@@ uuuuuuuuuuhhhh so kinda bored but on twitter holla
7812 St.Charles
aww homeslice, already plotting. I want a jam session, your decks and my funk engine.
o0o0o0o00o0o0o0 sounds nice send me a picture when your done! =)
i accidently rted the wrong tweet so sorry. /:
#FF Great artists to follow. Warm wishes for your weekend!!
Mine would freeze when trying to create a hex grid using mmqgis in NAD83, but not google mercator
Will Metro PCS ever get the iPhone?
Stop now make that mother fucker hammer time
Sure m hi
Everyone is getting so furious recently. It's very strange.
RT : S2) Too much focus on Comp leads to "me too" products aka Detroit.
i've been appreciating your clouds, too :-)
+2 RT : +1 MT : Thanks for your blog post and your continued communication with Chronicle.
There is only two women on here that really makes me happy i love those bitches there my life i love u ladies
Succeed one day at a time, and you can have success for a lifetime...
Highs And Lows
I'm at home but there's still work to do...
So happy to be at to check out !
christmas eve and christmas. And the jan 6th for the weekend.
I wonder how many lies you told me.
please follow me! i just cant stand knowing u follow other ppl and not me. Please follow, i need 2 meet you
God created cannabis, man created alcohol...who do you trust?
Make money money
Stock options: Currently bullish on Salesforce.com (CRM) and bearish in Garmin (GRMN). Garmin headed down to 25...
Thanks for the link today!
Pantyhose in the library elevator...okay
we should try to recreate a dish or 2.
Call me crazy but, I'm still bummed about last night's loss!
#whyilovebritney because has never been anything but herself!
It's almost impossbile to be a zealous pragmatist.
Suzanne Collins, thank you. Thanks for believing in Josh at his audition. You helped him get the role of a lifetime. All that he deserves.
oh anytime (:
fear the roo
i love when i fix a pot roast and our dog just starts licking everything in the house.
Legacy Jazz Quintet, featuring JSL's own Phil Dunlap, will perform music of Art Blakey & the Jazz Messengers, Fri-Sat, at Jazz at the Bistro
Yeah, I can't blame you. I had to move all my stuff out of my room in this nonsense ):
I rock the spot like im half leopard
So tired of being discriminated against because I carry these ham sandwiches on me at all times
Half Italian my self. Depending on the family I'm talking to that day, it's my better half ; )
Told me i wasnt good enough
#JelenaFact Sometimes Selena and Alfredo speak Spanish just to annoy Justin
Good morning del I hope you have a day
oh just put me on front street loll
Thanks for a thrilling Pitchapalooza last night! Looking forward to working with you.
ah fuck everything.
I should become an actress
Whitley and Dwayne are my favorite TV couple ever. Thee cutest.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME I'M A BIGG FAN!LOVE YOU!
I need a darn gift.
yeah, so are u gonna do it? I want it to be a surprise though...
If FKi came to San Antonio and performed, I'd probably shit myself. We need a GOOD concert
I would let fart in my mouth.
Maybe it's a Rachel-trap. It's certainly baited correctly.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Fatal Attraction.
Evening everyone! I hope you guys enjoyed your weekend! What was everyone up to? Anything fun?
You couldn't walk a mile in these Jordan number tens
Did you party like it was 1999?
What is the etiquette for running into the people you slept with at the LAST annual conference? Awkward!
Way to go Tampa Bay Lightning. 5-3
I only started reading Butler in February! It's a shame I didn't know about her earlier, and it's a tragedy there aren't more books by her.
Dang I'm tired. Been gettin some shit done today.
haha wow O__O well not all of them :p
I'm Outside Burning TF Up
"Heh, that's pretty funny! I'm going to follow Weed Tweets, for regular weed-related humor in my inbox" - who does this
#blackpeoplelaws:when driving and a #police get behind u,dont look back,
its crazytown. I went at 830am yesterday and got the last of the average sizes
C u 2mrw!
Jordan says efforts by the district to keep documents secret were based on objections by the U.S. Dept of Ed
The Pae White installation at the Fabric Workhop and Museum is delightful & right across the street from
I still don't. Lol ": AT THE AGE OF 21 I FINALLY UNDERSTAND THE MATRIX"
can't talk now I'm busy
#20ThingsAboutMe I can be a very patient person, but don't Piss me off.
Today is your last chance to join the feeding frenzy. Come up with an angle that will tie into the big Valentine's Day.
STREAK across STREETS naked to the World...that you have all the HAPPY WITHIN....SPIN IT!!!!....DOn't TRIM IT...
Pretty sure you got hacked. Change password and revoke access to unfamiliar apps.
The male definition of L-O-V-E … Life’s Often Very Expensive
Then we agree! ;)
I like using something to manage them still. Makes it easier to troubleshoot when something goes all corrupt or other things.
One person's oversight (tossing Pat Benatar LPs!!?!) equals my opportunity--at the Fairview Park Library Book Sale. Fill a bag for $3!
My horniness will get the better of me today. Watch out Honolulu, I'm on the prowl to get bred today.
I'm not positive about that however there is talk from other reporters up here that that totally agree with you.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #24hours !!!!!! 47
It's going to be a party for sure, all of us in are stoked to be part of it!
I know right? Really detailed design and classy type all the way through. Did you guys do it?
congrats on finishing your play. Watched Blood Tree yesterday morning. Cool play even though it gave me nightmares (I'm a sissy)
“: A great man can bend & stretch. -Chinese Proverb”
my mom just wished me a happy mother's day
I literally have no idea what that means.
How many in your group? We are looking forward to serving you :)
haha. i'm happy to assist. just add some audio clips of mantras to the beginning of each module and we should be good 2 go.
Happy hour-Memphis P-Tails & free taco bar 5-8. DJ 12-Tribe spinning hip-hop & top 40 9-close. Big Boy broadcasting from 10-12 @ ONE UP!!
Agreed! RT : Here hit it out of the park w their ' Idle Hands' DIPA. Perfectly crisp.
for the very useful info on amazon for authors . Just printed your instructions out/ will use to edit my author page.
Oh hey neighbor----I wanna know what you do!
Only for a minute....That one was too good not to share.
No more ctrl alt delete for future #Windows ? The end of an era
Haha. :) But yep! Totally stoked.
RT : "Don't learn the tricks of the trade - learn the trade." Anonymous
Go Pats! Go Pats! #it'sthatkindofparty :D
GM! #Motivation: “Everyone faces challenges in life. It’s a matter of how you learn to overcome them and using them to your advantage.”
Looking forward to your show at the Cactus Club on Saturday. Milwaukee always welcomes you. Played some great shows here.
RT : You know what time it is: S.I.N. Sunday at Screaming Tuna.
eating a honeycrisp the size of my head!
- Why Are You Mentioning Yourself #Dummy -,-
we need to explain to congress that we need more wealth in the economy and hemp is the answer. plus the gv. would have control anyway.
The wait is over! The McRib is back, but only for a limited time so hurry in before it is too late!
I mean the fact that I might be singing with one of the greatest voices ever one of the greatest songs of christmas ever......
is insight & compassion in one package. A coach to help you create a winning team.
thanks! Wish you were here
Trying to get attention on the internet is like walking out into traffic with a megaphone.
trending on twitter, today is both #FacebookFriday and #HappyHaitianFlagDay ... hm #irony?
That would be BUILDING MUSEUMS. (A mechanical dinosaur bumped me on that last tweet...)
As shady as that is, I don't feel for anyone who was silly enough to just mail off a bag of gold.
Hey, I am at Daytona and have not seen you on here? Are you still doing the same thing? Hope you are doing fine!
Ever go to a show and feel like you're the only one dancing? I don't care. I'm having a great time.
Sorry we didn't connect at #NTCSFParty. Hope to see you at #12NTC proper!
To all, we need your support to.spread the word then come out to EVERCLEAR AT dobbs Wed night 7pm, Reminder, Artist VIP cards do not apply.
The Drew Petterson movie is amazing with KaleyCouco<3
can you follow me. ;)
hm... so I'm guessing we are going to hear a bit about this "homeless hotspots" thing BBH is doing. seems poor taste to me.
Is it weird to have an anti gang conference in the WI Dells?
Calkain Companies Hires Florida Net Lease Specialist
hey I loved tonights episode it was awesome can't wait till next jersday love you. Can I get a RT plz
I need a lot of therapy after watching The Penguin Flyer game today. S##t!
Who's riding in #beerbike tonight? Ride in our urban bike race on 4/3 too!
amazing, isn't it?
They are. They insist it's cool that I go tonight. Probably won't stay long. Will be nice to see everyone again.
Lol... Lowkey it was her decision to make anyway
I no lol where yu stay at again :-)
Me im not no choosah, That bitch rite there dirtier then ah sewah, 65th mob
Literally can't deal with the fact Mariano Rivera may never pitch ever again :(((( is this april fools
Check on it: it's Spring Equinox. Happy Equinox from both of us!
and myself are the biggest #wings geeks! I really do not know anyone else obsessed with that show
My wife is only two pages in, , and already loves it. I may need two copies if I want to read it any time soon.
Check out Mickey's Tavern tonight for the Golden Girls Happy hour
Didn't reach my goal of making it across the room to meet you face to face tonight. But I did enjoy your presentation!
hello world
Interesting semantic notion: IU's use of 'preservation transfer' instead of 'digitzation' to articulate goal of their a/v pres. prog
very unhappy to have to pay $19.99 and another $20 to exchange a phone that is under warranty + which does not work.
I can't wait till me and are in DC so we can FINALLY go get 's daily secret flavor
Hey Groundhog Day Special ! Buy your morning coffee & get FREE refills ALL DAY with receipt from first cup!
somewhere between "so" and "so so"
early turnovers hurt them
There are #Fiat bets and then there are #Benz bets,going to make a #Benz bet in #Soccer #Futbol today get on the list
Not on my timeline. It's all basketball. Period.
tried Colton on American idol :(
valentines couples cooking class, february 14
Thx to great words of wisdom and motivation!!
is gathering at the laney college quad for come say hello! Support #highered!
tryin to get the kids asleep so santa can come what about u
A huge THANK YOU to , & #Cuts4aCause is going to be great!
They could trade for him with cap room and not have to match salary
Climbing the duomo and soaking up as much Italian as I can in my last few hours here.
Congrats #Caps!! Maybe next time we can have a regulation win? Please???
Don't make somebody a priority If they only make you an option
#newarrivals A sea of markdowns taken in womens apparel this morning! Over 40 fixtures of clearance in womens. Get over here!
Grrrr. I'm freaking ready for the weekend!
FREE SHOW!!! Tomorrow at Tipitina's Uptown.
Only Braun could underwhelm you by crushing an RBI 3B to put the game on ice. Props to Rickie for going 0-fer but scoring 2 runs!
RT Disney channel will never be the same
silly me. my bulls would never let me down.
This weather is amazing<3
something witty and retweetable.
Election day is Nov. 3. Have you voted yet? Tweet Out The Vote! #totv #seattle #seamayor ^jh
It will be Notre Dame practice when Harrison Smith works to show his coverage/playmaking vs. John Carlson, Kyle Rudolph
So glad to hear it! Today is #4sqDay if you want to swing by and earn another badge :)
congrats! I'm glad :) enjoy Trainer Time
O: Oli is my hero D:
its awesome, and getting better with every book :-) thank you!
The next person who shows up at my house this late unannounced again is getting shot with this here 9.
Amazing insights from Mick's talk "Culture Eats Innovation for Lunch!"
Woo!! #gopats! Let's show newyork what we are made of! ;D
I don't know why I can't be beautiful like her . Have every guys heart . Doing whatever she wants , and no one will ever say a thing . Why .
You can DM me if you want to!<U+2665>
Holy TALEDO! I love your new single! <3
thanks! I am going to taking the Compton PESL program in June! I'm just getting started :) any tips?
i dont know u got a google acount?
It's not John DesRivieres. He's on our team, but not a meteorologist/anchor. John is quite upset and understandably so.
Gworl. You Gave Me A Heartattack. I Was Ready To Cut Bitches Yesterday.
2hrs. until the #MADMEN Season 5 Premiere! Watch w/ us 60s Costumes, Retro Cocktails, Trivia, & Catch the Season 4 finale!
Normal and ill be able to move it right ?
“Some men have thousands of reasons why they cannot do what they want to, when all they need is one reason why they can.” ~Martha Graham~
S'all good. I figured you got caught up! RT : I haven't forgotten. Things got hectic. Back on it.
Lmao , I bet you won't catch the hands tho xD
Well then. It looks like today is going to be a fire drill kind of day.
sorry bro had court lol
Shoutout to for coming to wrestling and it the best he could.
Snow. Homemade Burgers. Online Shopping.
"alabama, arkansas i do love my mom and pa; not the way that i do love you"
it's going to be a great event!
There's a dude walking around the Hockey East semis in a Duke jersey. At a hockey game. Between BU and Maine. In Boston.
welcome to twitter
Socks and post-it notes :/ RT : i think my room eats socks and wife beaters...
All you spineless people; go ahead and smoke the real problems away all you doing is leaving them for your young to parish under.
Good luck with that. Our generation grew up on the shiny slick promise of the future from 80's movies.
If you are not willing to promote yourself, how do you expect others to promote you.
I'm voting for All Time Low on Q102 Takeover and I don't even live in Philly!
: morning ladies
Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?
Originality Don't Mean Shit Any More.
(Theirs, not mine)
Anyone made it to the pool yet this hot pseudosummer? Don't forget the floaties!
Me and my sis getting pedicures before a long day and night back in the studio!!
Hey no problem :P
thank you(: <3
oh no! I like it! It just makes me laugh! Just both of our faces! Hahahah hilarious
where u work
I need to stop being such a downer right now
music is a reflection, or rejection of self. a way to re-inforce the way you feel or rebel against it.
DEAR EVERYONE: NO ONE IS POSTING HORRIBLE RUMORS ABOUT YOU AT SOME BIT.LY LINK. THANK YOU.
y do think bruno mars has never seen JERSEY SHORE
I might be able to watch the flyers game today I hope
When Sam does in I Am Legend <
Got my tickets!
Thank you so much for the great RT!!!
People never wanna go straight to the source when they have an issue. Just stupid games
Do you have an opinion about Zoom H1 audio recorders? I'm looking for a modestly priced recorder.
. I do love - keeps me from inundating followers, lets me schedule tweets so my travels don't stop useful info flow
1/27/1756->C. Lewis:Your Courage[was]always equal to my wishes:But I dreaded the effects of liquor esp as it bereft you of prudent reasoning
you get the email?
Lol jk I'm weak as fuck. I can't even bench the bar
Driving home!
Next time someone says "Just Breathe" I'm holding my breath till I pass out, bet that will fix them.
Sponsor Sen. Evie Hudak pushing back against King amdmt to discipline bill.
Shopper in LA Wal-Mart last night pepper-spraying other shoppers who were getting deals she wanted... Lol! An idiot among idiots...
yaayy(: miss you!
don't be lol
WANT MORE FOLLOWERS? GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW BACK
RT The sooner we get to 6,000 followers, the sooner someone gets an iPad!!! Tell all your friends! Follow and tweet #EZLawPad!
I've been 3 x already Brisket and ribs are yummy!
Cucina urbana burrata, mussels, amazing, servers savvy on dishes, decor sublime
What are your New Year's Resolutions?
on the jazz trip? We have about 25 students and 10 parent volunteers
All y'all seeing the FF5 show have fun tonight, and make sure to wish SGA a super happy birthday! Maybe y'all could sing happy birthday!
Cuddle seshh w/ babe? I'm widd it. :*
that's crazy ha
What a difference bike tires with the right amount of air makes when you ride.
The Indian in the Cupboard is on #HBO If you need me, I will be reliving my childhood. Thank you.
Going out with the crew tonight! Its gonna be a good one! Hope everyone has a great night,
Thank you so much!
thanks for the mention.
gettin straight cash
call me so we three way ! Its 4705985
Finally got me some red velvet cake yogurt <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
is having a show, at bananna's today!! Follower's come support!! Its going to be a blast!
So full of #orioles induced excitement that it's getting hard to maintain my early season cynicism!! How about Chris Davis!!
ok - just as long as there's no barstool or Greyhound Bus in his future - but in all honesty - sorta looks like a durn fool.
My brother makes me wanna kill myself. Go away.
I missed mardi gras damn it! Boo
Happy mothers day mom!!!
I can't tell from this what 'deploying' an app does. Does CfA host it? Is it a fork of an app?
listening to music off my ipod
sounds like a great plan! See you at the market soon.
Real men respect Bieber.
that just means another hour of tailgating!
#EBUS118 Welcome to class. I started with #EBUS118 for trending - Do it with all your tweets too! Click #EBUS118 to see class Tweets.
"tweets and tacos" will carry flan and churros to avoid any confusion
Compass project. Boats and hoes.
Bikram yoga is never boring- as our teacher said-- the poses are the same-- we are the ones continually changing -our bodies, our life, all
“: "what would you want to marry me for anyhow?" "so I can kiss you whenever I want." - Sweet Home Alabama #favoritemovie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>”
:D Glad you liked it! Nighty! :) <3
No doubt! I need to make more room in my budget.
would love to! but i'm out of town, but I'll b on the lookout for the next! keep up the good work!
Way to bring it back around in the end, Glee. But of course I think that the series of failures is the good stuff.
I'm fine with Pagan batting lower in the order, he's been better there. But Blanco should be in center.
Hmm where you do find such friends?
RT At Natl Museum of Natural History: "Mommy, is this a real museum?" Yes, it's a real museum." "Do things come to life?"
- Thanks for the mention - being #38 is GREAT! http;//t.co/8-cclqLM
Looking forward to it! MT : Happy GeniusRocket Site Launch Party Day! Can't wait to celebrate w/ our dear friends.
Classrooms & schools get a bad rap these days. There is great stuff happening in schools. Visit us at #lindblom to see it.
": #UFConFOX is over time for #Spurs #GoSpursGo"
Great Saturday for sports... now it's back to work...
wondering what to do now?
On a party bus on the way to Temecula! Drinking a delicious White Burgundy to quench my thirst in the meantime!
Yay, Long Islanders! We're everywhere. When & where is Friday's show?
Yeah..that sounds awresome, but Howard Fucking Jones is playing for free tonight on Freemont.
so did we!! Great game!
Thinks that would make a great #VMAHost...PS he's available!
It's #WorldWishDay & I'm headed to the National Mall to dance the afternoon away for ! Woo hoo !!
kick & clap
just letting you know one of these days im gonna remember ur locker combo and break in just like the old days!
check out Three Sisters CSA or Tipi Produce or Pinehold Gardens... We did Tipi this year.
He Knows Me Personal My Urologyies www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
Just sittin here chillin b4 i go to dance then start recordin.. kust wish i could get noticed..:-) :-) i #believe that i will someday
my pleasure :)
Alas, no outside tble at cafe 4Us on this busy Sat. night... but no worries- a wonderful meal awaits us!
I think we agree on this more than we realize. I said in my Bucknuts column Friday that the coaching was the #SEC's biggest plus
diabetes recipes
Cinecraft wins another award...
how did the workout with Washington go? Are they going to sign you?
I still got grease in my stomach from eating church's so much growing up.RT : I want some boneless wings from Churches Chicken!
For some reason I've been craving pizza al day
photon sieve. Not a lens exactly, but not a pinhole either.
Fashions fade, style is eternal. ~Yves Saint-Laurent
“ Thank god its friday”
fuck whoever threw a burrito on my car.
I didn't see you! Did you sign one of our postcards?
“When it comes to health, we are all in this together.” --
LOL Go To BEd
Bout to get my day started jd gone now it time for makayla to be next
Treat your ears with Agora Forte here: www.reverbnation.com/agoraforte
Happy Easter Everybody <3
If I stop eating the candy now there will be enough for tomorrow
.Is thre an app tht wil tel me how mny of my folowers r dead?..well we are alive and follow you with the smile u put on our face
Recommend Hilton #ALA2009 air c in room broken, engineer fixed and gave coupons to the delicious breakfast as 'sorry'!
oh yeah I see the default..... Imma put you cross my knee!!!
I feel like God has sent me higher in praise and let me see deeper past the fear past the anger to see not just a tip of me but all. Of me
beau fell asleep on me I feel lonely lol
failed to mention something had to be shipped overnight. as a result, somebody - not sure who - drove to Kentucky yesterday..
Cause they haven't a clue of your vast accomplishments. You are an inspiration to many.
I really hate golfers.
Our group is such a train wreck when we're together...love
What a great day at the park It's been couple months since I rollerblade
there are so many fags that ride their bikes and walk around waterford
Fucking fun ass day of boozing so far now more boozing with the boys and a metal show tonight!
#Ignite - of fun facts-did you know? youtube is the number 2 search engine
it's hard to catch multiple balls at once!
Lmfao RT : Like My Status, Lick My Snatch?
Happy birthday
#PghPC Don't forget to register to attend PPC Gallery Exhibit at Gallery on Baum www.tinyurl.com/PPCGalleryExhibit
Please feel free to ask any questions. Please visit us at fitforthepart.com. And again, thank you so much for the support.
we are going to rule this trip!!!;)
good i guess ; how bout you !
how do u remove an account from the app?
Friday the 13th is coming up, how will you celebrate?
And then I read about Mo and suddenly I'm sick to my stomach.
just wanted to wish you luck today
": kevin garnett>": Tito Ortiz RT : Who is the biggest A-Hole in sports??????""
Woman piss me off that thinks its funny to ruin a relationship/marriage like wtf yeah he wrong ik but hun your just a hoe!
#BounceThatAss for this gas card
Now, it would be interesting to compare their results with the 5 largest companies with the most women on their Boards.
A new kind of t-shirt business. Tshirtgang.com brings you custom printing at the lowest prices around! Free shipping for ltd time.
Hello Weekend! :)
Morning guys...have a great day :-)
wish I could. Big drama buddy loveXx
Long day of meeting. Wasn't too happy until now. U r w/ much sweetness. Thks 4 making me smile. Enjoy ur weekend as well. Xo
May have a nip slip at work tonight... Multiple times too! LOL
Fell asleep b4 performance on #SNL last night watchin it now jesus lord! SEXY
: HEATHER!!!! That's not nice. And I'm pretty sure they're not talking about my roller derby spanks.
Yup, that's for sure a turkey.
Just bought #birdy cd :D
thanks to you too
lol nice :p i just saw a squirell run along the top of my fence in the backyard O_O
is showing off more dance moves in the March issue of SD Home/Garden...on newsstands now!
In other news, I'm now a tweety bird... so sayeth your boys ;)
it's true. chris is wise. *hugs*
Let's chill soon!
plan for tomorrow: lay out al day long. and get my belly button done
Oh to have the Browns and Redskins games back... Excited for next year. Go #Seahawks!
Dude gets it.
Number 563 why I like - he holds the door for people :)
I'd like to announce the tittle of my next novel "Dunks, Double Dribbles, & Death - A Memphis Grizzlies Murder Mystery"
Not country so I dnt know much about being a cow girl so ima ride it like a new yorker.... rough
What did we do before we had juice boxes?
THEY HAVE CANCELLED ALL FURTHER AIRINGS. THIS PARTICULAR CHURCH AND OTHER MEGA CHURCHES PAY $5,000 TO $10,000 FOR A NATIONAL SPEAKER TO SPE…
have a memorable trip! Miyoko's mom will be so excited to see the baby!
just got in yo
I have that game
Because they have to appear more masculine in order to become more successful in their careers. :-(
" “ If you lost your virginity 2 a tampon,Im judging u” I lost my virginity to my tampon." hows that possible?
Are you using the rising popularity of QR codes to enhance your marketing and get new customers/clients/fans?
The city will, however, lease the building to the Central Union Mission for $1 a year.
I liked it
I'm glad football is back. Ps my niners are 2-0 so far, let's go 49ers!
AH That's the day I'm leaving to go to Maryland! /:
Bout to go wash
Look with yo eyes man.
We are hosting our January 2012 Lunch & Learn, our topic is "Customer Service". There will be Pizza and limited seating, contact me if inte…
I think mass messaging has value when it has geographical elements.
I don't care if it's February, if I'm driving to the Cape for a meeting, I'm listening to the first album.
Some veterans with amazing stories running for Operation TBI Freedom in the Colfax 5K
Sent you an email. Wanted to hook you up with an I Am Crime tote bag as thx for your support. Send us your addy :)
The print I bought is from that show, right?
So u are saying he is improving? RT : 75% of the time artest shoots, it looks like its his 1st time touching a bball ever.
HAI i'm on a computer in math. h0llaaaa
Describe your perfect date.
What about GM and Chrysler?
lol! Thx! RT : hey man congrats on being verified.... Now you know you really are Paul Cubby Bryant LOL!!!!
Luckily the writers don't have to animate. They wouldn't want me as an animator.
i wana give a makeover to some people. like in the movie Clueless.
Why is Spencer Hawes shooting 3's?
#drupalcon Good luck getting clients to think about mobile first for adaptive design! It's usually a later-phase upsell
that's what I like about you! :)
Casey swore he'd watch this documentary on Ram Das with me and literally fell asleep and started snoring within the first 2 minutes. Gold.
This week is just full of celebrations...Happy #MargaritaDay!!!
Thank you!
Thou no comp reliably delivers to my apt, I must say that wins at SoMe cust service. They at least reply unlike a comp that ends in X.
YOU NEED TO FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!!!!<U+2665>
So much to do..
Forgot about science test..
Alright thanks homie
#NewYorkMRT If providers of E.I. must become pt of an ins. netwk. & negotiate a rate likely less than the DOH, isn't this cost containment?
Welp, at least when I get back home from going to the library AGAIN, I'll have chocolate avocado pudding waiting for me.
hahahahaha, he probably thinks im a slob
RT not for nothin but i listen to ASAP and i am IN company flow.
Potential manager? ": Good luck to Mike Rivera. A really good guy. Was always great with the media."
How long do eggs keep in the fridge before they go bad?
Hahaha, street team for the win!
That's life. They need to get used to seeing what we have all created. Sorry for the tough reception. Keep on keeping on.
LOL sorry my obnoxious mother took my phone and I couldn't tweet :/
Yea huh I was on your mind Lol
is it ur mom :)
Lucid Cammo is now available at France 44 in store and online.
Ones notes things are getting better. Academics shouldn't be insecure. Opp left to help summers get to know firm collection.
- I appreciate the Retweet <<<<< #Salute!
One of those nights. Pray for me.
hey it's 10 now and I'm still up! But I am impressed by my 3GS iPhone. 2.5 years, 10+ drops, fieldwork: still works
Still got it. RT Crosby 28 yard field goal good.
“: 'Today I am suspending the campaign,' GOP presidential candidate Newt Gingrich formally announces." #ohyes <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Why is traffic backed up on I35 N in Austin?
Last final of fall quarter!
Dan Savage Clarifies Condemnation of &quot;Pansy Ass&quot; Christians - The Hollywood Gossip
I need some new jams to fill a new playlist. I know you've got what I need.
Attention Whores And Twitter?
can't wait for a Nolan Smith column from you, this kids alright, he's jacked to get to RIP CITY (see his twitter)
Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted is the most terrible
Busy busy day today... I'm getting an early start.
#1 post Cinco De Sandra to-do: clean. It looks like a party exploded in my little studio apartment. There are Negro Modelos under the bed.
Share your #CommunityAction tweets with & tomorrow!
website. You order, we deliver.
still working on it
look for the good instead! RT : "Those who look for the bad in people will surely find it." Abraham Lincoln
Am thinking I'll jump on the bandwagon!
It's Tuesday...watching some races in the US now..
So both and are running for king of web... I am conflicted on who I actually want to win.
will do!
The art competition also wants to notify everyone that we will be following everyone who hasn't been followed back by us very soon,
*Talking to Makayla at the mall* Makayla:hi matt matt:hi Makayla:*walks by samantha* *condom fall$ out of her pocket* matt: :O lol
Some teachers SHOULD NOT teach!!
Stepping out of my comfort zone sometime soon :o
is awesome as Kelly's Co-Host on today! Its great to see them play off each other! Awesome job, Josh!
#SmashFinale only reason im gonna watch this is because of
That is NOT how I'd describe you; I think there's another rationale at play here.
Agreed! Bad idea RT More parking mentioned as a benefit to relocating Beer Fest to Meridian? You should not be driving to Beer Fest.
Loud!! Weed in my joints.....Gun play" im on point
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it; if you can dream it, you can become it.
This year's Super Bowl commercials trending toward long-form campaigns of 60 sec. narratives instead of 30 sec comedy gags of prior years.
1 day till we launch!!! we can hardly contain our excitement!
girl I already no my bby daddy is a dead beat cubt I put a restraining order on his ass
Buddy Story opens Buddy is a struggling NYC musician touring the northeast with his pet turtle. Buddy's neighbor Susan seeks an opportuni
tell me y drakes song thu motto says ''YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE" thats motto nigga "Y.O.L.O. i heard tht song a hundred times and i juss got it
hahaha I swear I don't like people these days
damn chick can you call me i lost all my numbers
congrats! you just won pair of headphones for tweeting about the show/skullcandy. DM your address
This dude just called me and cynthia fat. Lol okay I know that.
what happened?
has amazing skin. Mm.
I can get you her fan address, where you can write her fan mail, is that what you are reffering to?
totally he's the worst sportscaster in denver
Dang Sophomore year almost over if high school tought me anything it better than DMS
The coy pond of your dreams.
You have number right? I'll be around on Friday so give me a rang a dang
Shout out to my new followers
Sitting in Garden City, KS getting ready to honor a man for over 20+ years of faithful service to his Church: Stil Guerrero, my friend.
So bored right now
I hope my pops still has his heavy bag in the garage. I need to beat the hell out of something right about now
Mike Brown finna be fired after this season! Watch.
with me and ?
yes some form of ID will be required. Drivers license, school ID, state issued ID. Must be in High School if using school ID
I miss you too!!!
Class Action class members can lead to new class actions for the class attorney because of similar situations.
District saturdays featuring DJ ATS Doors open at 4
I saw on the same clip. Loved how he called it #textanalytics! Hope he used >2 documents :-)
I'm still your girlfriend.
overheard during lunch in the ALOUD office: defenestrate:to throw (a person or thing) out of a window. hm...
Thank you for shining a light text mining, an often-overlooked part of data mining.
There could be a serial killer right behind me & he wold grab ME instead just because I took out a cigg -.-
Truly, it is in darkness that one finds the light, so when we are in sorrow, then this light is nearest of all to us. Meister Eckhart
Sometimes I wonder what the fuck I am doing... Then I realize I don't want to face the answer.
that's because I don't say things that aren't true. ;)
Don't panic don't panic they knocking don't panic it's them people in penny loafers they searching people they searching sofas oh laws!
miss you too!
Excited to be at my first event of Social Media Week: learning more about using social media for news among youth
Lives on the edge and to the fullest, Not giving a fuck and hoping you know it!
Quick visit to grams :)
A little chilly this morning, but decided to wear my 1st spring dress in anticipation of 75 degrees and sunny skies.
Mike-- Thanks for the follow! You should consider the Social and Decision Sciences or Organization Behavior programs at CMU
and they likely should. Photo sharing still pwns the web.
. big bucks for anyone who invents way to sync your Twitter feed on screen with DVR'd program.
thanks, we'll look into that!
UT alum Joe "the left is evil" Perkins,friend of Dan Quayle, his mug just popped up on calwatchdog.com--dissin' Unions..no suprise
Wanted to go to that SO BAD. Good set?
YOU are my favorite! I admire your dedication to your culture and your loved ones. You handled it so well! :)
But, now I realize you won't ever find out...but there is a possibility that you could, only if I get the nerve up to tell you
The essence of our business is that all our contacts are pre-screened and maintain impeccable reputations.
o geez. You'll just have to leg stomp? Hah
today is like the longest day all year. literally.
Ya I think he's nicked up so they may be limiting his reps, but whoever gets the rock, with that o-line, will post big numbers
Lace and feathers or chains and leather?
Ha... well played.
At least he'll enjoy celebrating Whacking Day.
Boot Camp Sat 7:40 am!!!!! It's Cinco De Mayo so dress up!!!!!!
People really need to stop thinking that their issue or problem is the most important thing in the world to me at any given time.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Archos 28 four GB World wide web Tablet (Black)
haha thats an other word for it
Creepy! MT New provision of #HB 56 tweak bill requires that AL DHS put online name/county/etc of undocs who r in court.
eeekkkkkkk that means I so have a cougar crush
So weird to see you speaking basketballese. I approve!
Cops ain't been trained to spot shit. Shut that up lol
Contemplate love every day. Loving reflections make the heart grow.
GOT TO GET MY NIGGAS OUT
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :)
Despite my feelings I want some company
Have a Blessed Day!
Oh, you don't play soccer? Then why are you hitting on me?
Tim Day will have nice affair where they serve Merlot and crab cakes to about 50 ppl because that's about how many GOPers are in the ward.
I did
If you're not doing #DIFF tonight, head over to the for a party, costume contest & screening of #GreyGardens!
Both and will be live tweeting tonight's Happiness Think & Drink Hash tag will be
Is it discrimination to bar women from private golf clubs? Heated debate what do U think?
MU today...we'll see you on Wells as per the norm. Did we just say that?
Makoto was AH-SOME!!!
"and then I ate some puddin"
Basketball is life.
As long as I get to yell "Wiz on the Fire", "You only have one cheer", and "Burn it down again" I will be a happy man this weekend.
Coalition Acts to Protect Virginia Rivers and Streams from Mining Pollution
at desk, within arms reach: ThinkPad Edge, iPad2, Asus Transformer (Android tablet), HTC Inspire (Android phone), iPod Touch, Chumby, coffee
this happens to me if my Bluetooth mouse turns on and connects (and the mouse happens to be in my bag)
If you're not watching Big Easy Justice you're missing out on life.
Just sent a complete proposal draft to my advisor. Working title: Everyday Apocalyptic: Radical Politics and Evangelical Society, 1969-2000.
it's bc she's a bully. Lol
Those halftime concerts are dumb
It's a very Winnie-the-Pooh Blustery Day kind of day.
Today should be good and interestingg!
no way he's dead!
White woman walking around in this neighborhood alone but not fearing for her life gotta either be a cluck or the rawest narc on the force.
I'm hosting 'Look Who's Talking Now' tonight at 8 on CW18-WKCF. If you're in Central FL, tune in and holler at your girl:)
That moment when your teacher uses a huge word n thinks you no what it means
RT : Will be hiking Butcher Jones trail again this weekend - big milestone after piriformis surgery... > Glad to hear it!
Guess what? A 30 minute workout is 2% of your day. Remember that next time you feel like making an excuse...
$45 single pilates classes...every day, no contracts. $400 for a 10 session package. Pilates does not have to be expensive!
avilas Christmas break? Yeas
Wait... i dont think "I'm watching you" is an appropriate thing to say on twitter
y'all are cute. love pandora's hat!
Hard to argue with that! RT : #volleyball all day every day.
#nyy #yankees Al Leiter said it was Granderson's 9th home run AT HOME already. Is it just me ...or is anyone else amazed by that ??
You ignore me, but I like you. You don't do anything, but I fell in love with you. I miss you, though I know you don't ever think about me.
i just got the Lumia and was thinking of doing an "android user's take on Windows Phone" but think I'll pass
"Staples Arena." Whoops!
you are in Miami in spirit Kris! You know I love you!
Finally done packing
True encore: crowd overrules the sound guy. Win!
no, but I'm on my way. There's traffic in Queens. Am I supposed to be doing something?
Dear twitter, it's been too long. SRO performs at Chop Suey tonight, backing 12 amazing local artists. $10, 21+.
Cole Adkins must of an IQ of 900! He's our strategic accountant!!!
If you are a #TrueJonasFan you cry when one of them cries! You want to meet them so bad, you dream about it!
Jealous! I need to get cracking -- only have a cuff on my second July sock.
I know. Heartbreaking after all that passion. Final and alternate (MKE) were to be chosen based on proposals.
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 5
Two days without seeing my mom is hell, especially since Mother's Day is coming up. ;(
you will just have to get a yogurt maker for christmas and make your own :)
what if we had a guitar player? We'd be close...
sweet story...good luck in Chicago! You have a new fan in Seattle :-)
good night my friend!! :-)
do u still go to bccs?! I miss you
you will totally be invited to the ceremony! and I are on board to come visit... just trying to make it happen now. :)
The jambalaya's ready! Right on time!
Wednesday. I might not go with you though cuz I'm staying for a while to network and you bitch when I stay long.
Can't wait to see my mom and sister , I missed them...
Hey. Be sure to follow next weeks tweets as I post tips on what to do post-surgery #nutrition #properhealing and much more!
Oh eeeeh oh ah ah ting tang walla walla bing bang
": Been covering NBA 28 years and never saw better crunch time D in a playoff game" that's saying alot cause you cover the spurs
I found it and immediately stopped everything I was doing and started to watch it. lol!
Live cover of "my humps" at the wedding.. I'm home.
great! pick any topic you'd like & feel free to talk about the projects you're working on as well :-)
Mine too!! Weekday-Weekends are just swell, eh?
please please tell me you watch So You Think You Can Dance. Please.
<:) Thank you for caring, Vicki! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 She is a blessing to me... along with my two kitties, of course. :)
Well, then there is Cheezburger Network :)
#RETWEET if your from #NewYork #ladies follow me I followback #
Challenge continues to be if students are digitally literate and can use online tools for assignments.
#followfriday some of our favorites in dentistry...
“: Also, Julius Mays will always be "Julius Mays Hayes" to me. #majorleague”u may run like Mays, but u hit like shit!
Done. Also reminded people about the presentation run-thru in lecture tomorrow. Might want to caucus with NP and BG in advance
in the studio workin
RT : Tonight's Featured Burger; Sloppy Joe w/a Fried Egg + Fries + Bell's Oberon Or our Branch Burger = $13
Blame it on the rain that was fallin fallin
I saw! Congrats!! (Great job singing the National Anthem too!)
it's thicker than regular yoghurt and almost as good as Icelandic yoghurt. Try Skyr.
I miss my little weed smoker, :*
To the spa!!! Yay!
lil wayne RT : Man what happen to American apparel :(
Thanks! Me too. :) RT : I love it that your last name is coffee, by the way :P
I love you bro ( : , We needa chill asap , not playing ! <3
Im over it.
I'm going to try to make it to too, looking forward to seeing you again!
: #andwhatelsehater LMFAO RT : Bitch fuck kobe i hope he tear his ACL and brake his ankle next game . -- suck dick
Dont forget your after ;)
watching "Take me out to the ball game"
Hey brought up the panel on the 24th and I will be there with others... Yea, there is a need to find a bigger place
Life is short... smile while you still have teeth. ;)
We're over 230 likes now! Want to help us make it to 250? Share our page with your friends! Thanks!
vuvuzela app on ipone -holy cow! hilarious!
50 Today!! Grateful to be here! 1961 girls rule!
haha funny! The kid sitting next to me laughed so hard he farted and it warmt even funny part but he definitly made it one!
Just sent you a DM with the details.
Our EPIC video premiere is tomorrow. I'll send you the link. It's pretty amazing. Pls spread!
never that
The internet is horrible while ill. It's either a cold, pneumonia, diabetes, or cancer. It's probably not lupus.
The weather in NYC looks like its going to be pretty sucky this week! Hopefully by the weekend it clears up and I can do my first timelapse
I'm A Bitch
Big sports night. Go #Orioles! Go #Capitals!
Hanukkah begins at sundown tonight. Chanukah Sameach (sah-MAY-ach) to all who celebrate the festival of lights!
Lots of Travis Rice commercials during this Travis Rice competition.
Young ass nigga, life long dreams
Working on search as you type for looking up accounts when you have an extremely long list of accounts instead of scrolling through list.
Thnx for the new followers Let's share our content!
! lol i gotta listen to it..i been really busy that's why i haven't heard it yet
come watch jon and kate plus 8 with me!
Tonight's dinner entertainment is The Leisure Hive. Don't think this is going to be a favorite of mine, but… onwards!
If you don't have enough contempt for humanity, follow beepss on Instagram AND read all the comments that dudes leave on each pic.
Sounds good
putting together new songs. (as usual)
Twitter is so broke omg, i cant stand this.
house show this weekend, babies. :)
RT RT Rep. Jack Williams tells me he hopes 2get bill 2help Jefferson Co. on the floor in the house next week
feeling strangely obsessed with barley wines... still...
Kafka is the only person who really understands me.
at the alderwood mall?
MONDAY MORNING QB TIME! (OK, Thursday morning manager) Pulling Zack in the 8th? Brooks Conrad? Ax in the 9th? #brewers SportsRadio
Happy Birthday!!!
In more ways than one,my brotha!
Stoked that Cy Henley is brewing for
Does TODAY really have to be the first day of the rest of my life? Next Thursday would work so much better for me
I thought I was the black hole
Using the c**t word and douche(fillintheblank) to describe bad behavior is misogynist.
Oh, and I'm playing with church kids, so keep it clean.
Just because a person smiles all the time , doesn't mean their life is perfect . That smile is a symbol of hope And strength
I love you New York but I need to spend some time away from you. Need a
Chris Webber is doing great job.
i think & tweet are a lot alike. Both of them bitch asses should follow me tto!
The "Books in Browsers II" conference has just kicked off at the Internet Archive in San Francisco. Amazing attendees..so glad 2 b here!
Palomar Arlington is one that we haven't stayed at yet. Maybe in June. Going historic in DC for may's date night.
your quote inspired me for one of my projects dealing with death & dying. Thanks for that. I'll check out more of your work.
so rad! Thanks Naomi!
Just taking some time to say I hope you're doing great! :)
what did you think of mission impossible ghost protocol?
how are u tonight
The only microwave in the whole building and you decide to heat up what you just took out for another two minutes? come'on
I think it was If it was, I hate you
being sappy and listening to The Luckiest by Ben Folds.
it was funny! Lol. so watcha doing?
I was sitting in history, and a new song idea came to me! I think I'm gonna finish it tonight(:
My Dad could really use a new tv, still using the old style
How's Favre looking now Green Bay, you just got punked by a high school football team, You're an embarassment to the game.
Have you seen them in concert? (:
Wouldn't be mad if we took Alshon Jeffery instead though.
Check out Google.com today (the 4th).
I think it's in, internet marketing
do you rush into a relationship just because everyone else is in one?
Do I know you
doin ur homework? After that please follow me(:
It just expired. Just my luck! Time to shop!
Good morning Twitter!
we have a proxy in front of F, and serves lrg file delivery, negotiates authn/z with fedora, and streams the file from disk
word son.
If you pay attention to the words of every girls favorite songs, you`ll find out everything she`s afraid to say.
My lack of being an optimist about things will now be known as being a pragmatist about things
happy 4th everyone!
spent the evening replacing flat texture with 3d geometrically modeled first style wall painting in the house of the faun model. holla!
lol she's been gone for two years now!..lol You just has a R****** moment. I agree get the room clean a avoid the taxes.lol
Thanks Nicholas! As we often joke, "that was a moment"- you can't script those things... funny stuff!
Yo...for real....why is it 15 degrees hotter in Spartanburg today??
Now you have 2
Thanks! Glad you like my hat!
A jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend. If she doesn't get jealous when someone has your attention, it's because someone has hers.
is it possible you are attracting porn spammer's bots because of your language? Kind of moth to flame. That would be poetic.
Best day ever!!! Haha family here :3
JINX again RT : NO HITTER JINX
Good call Roenicke, let Counsell swing the bat! Hopefully this works out...
walking into !
Back to Back blocks by Sanders. One on Howard and one on Udrih.
Just three minutes in a sustained sucession of asanas can change mental focus. There must be biochemical explanations for this.
I dont think she came /:<
Learn to effectively utilize your CRM system and chat with us at booth
hes man handling him
thats crazy man why u need condoms do u even have aboyfriend\girlfriend can u msg me
is the BEST!!!!! Have fun in your sauna tonight. Frost bite will be back Thursday!!!!!
LAS VEGAS
When I saw her perform it wasn't like "Oh God Diva", it was like "DAMN Diva!"
Abraham Lincoln.
seeing plows everywhere, roads are relatively clear- good job!!
stood until we got to Baltimore, sitting now
I'm downstairs at AT&T booth charging up.
No female singer had or has such vocal sound as Whitney Houston. Whitney we will always love you!! Rest in peace!!
We have a new server ready - vpn-ys1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Molkom, Sweden. It's available in your customer area now.
congrats on 60,000 u totally deserve it
I'd argue that is a real runner.
omg remember that one time when we gave ur mcdonalds toy to the cashier at DQ when u handed the money? HAHA
i think playing lipservice to sustainability despite coverage at #EMEC12 #aibtm. Y? takes investment & long-term focus.
I just read a comment that said, "the government should stay out of education and leave it to the state."
Wow... thank you so much. :D
Why do people get on Facebook to watch videos?
Are you playing the metadata drinking game? Count how many times the word is used...
Pre-historic shocks as dinosaurs roam museum - Belfast Newsletter
Love your pic!!!
Yes, and I do. I actually use Stormie O'Martin's book Power of a Praying Wife and alter the prayer to fit a future husband.
Tinsley for Vandy might be getting a letter from the FBI.
why you using my picture?
Anyone who sees " a bad Tweet" about themselves is getting hacked!
Planning Bitter Sober's next music video for TRBT....stay tuned!
surfer blood's "anchorage" is a very good song to play loud, I've noticed.
Jim, we need to find a bar and drink beer so I can hear you say that last line In Person.
It's not just the misogyny - it's the prurience. Limbaugh wants to watch the sex video?? APPALLING is too light a word. How about FIRED?
I saved the text cuz I couldn't believe it...... If he's spelling like that Troy is in
that should be a good one. I hope I can get tickets lol
Ready 4storm tomorrow? Dress warmly; wear boots/hat/gloves; don't overdo snow shoveling; keep car gas tank full. (& make snow angels! )
Only if she knew how hard it was to read stuff and think if it about another guy...
one a&r's trash is anothers treasure!
Ok #GameofThrones. Move some stuff from Storm of Swords into this season. Then show us some Red Priestess sex that the book only alluded to.
great! How's things with you?
Working from home today. Ahh. Comfy!
- I heard that crack in the sky a few minutes ago. It has my attention!
Adult Chorus rehearses Monday nites. Interested voices see fairfaxchoralsociety.org for audition information.
is moving to ! Follow to get all the best coupons, deals, and money saving tips as we get them!
"The Hearts of Lonely People" on repeat all night.
Lmao! un huh
oh hai, guys ;)
Bitch your going to have to pay for my jokes!! Lol
So pumped. Make sure you bring a rain coat just in case
#Apple earnings and #Bernanke comments lift U.S. stocks. #Dow adds 88 points. #Nasdaq gains 2.3%, S&P rises 1.4%
Mom bought me and Kassie our own soda cause she knew we'd steal hers
rain is good
If Memphis dont win my momma prob gone go ham on either me or my brother!
One man come in the name of lube. One man come and go.
RT : Apparently the whole news room discovered 's Twitter account. Tomorrow's paper should be interesting.
actually i believe they said monday
Just got notice for another audition this evening for an episodic series on Lifetime Network.
P2 didn't deserve a standing o but Jessica did if Joshua got one
shit..he dead ass serious too. Run!
saw this lady using wings after 1000M this morning on the subway.
That is a great idea! Fine art is a much better gift than towels.
why don't you do vlogs anymore?
I don't like this
FUCK YOU ALL YOU AWESOME GAMES COMING OUT SO CLOSE TOGETHER! You're stressing me out cause I don't have time to play you all!!!!
Can someone send me a pinterest invite?
I wish I had super powers
Can't wait to have you back!
At home hanging with my cuzo's..... FB add Jewalle Samone Papadoupalos Wright.....find me.
Without a #story, you are merely using words to prove you can string them together in logical sentences.
EC TWINS this Wed @ SupperClub. Call me for tables and guest list @ 310.382.6067
My eyes are failing me and I still have contacts in. That's my cue.
RT : Any weekend plans? We do now!! 10 things to do this weekend- Crain's Chicago Business...
appointed to Babson's social media council :)
No four player split screen, unfortunately. We opted for true Widescreen support and, subsequently, a wider FOV instead!
hm. since i was a kid. But i never did it regularly. until now now
“: Before I die I want to fall asleep under the stars with someone special.”
aren't those honor flights amazing? My grandpa loved his trip. Can only imagine how much it means to the veterans!
ps- are you excited for #Avengers tonight?
hahaha I had to so all my followers could be entertained tonight.
Ain't nobody gon run me in my house , like no lil bitch lmao
Just took my pants off in class.(:
Large layoffs loom on Wall Street - Fortune (blog)
In Atlanta...realizing how vegetarian friendly Seattle is.
Thanks for the follow;)
Dr Howard
I do fear it.
#SJFCon sounds very interesting. I wish I would’ve known about it ahead of time—likely would’ve attended :-(
man, the Swedes sure are some sex-obsessed people, what with all the screwing & pounding.
Always love the Bundesliga, also a great goal by Arsenal in the Premiership.
Thanks so much! <3
Aint no use in stressin' ova bs u knew was gon happen anyway....
dude that sounds so sick!
RT Up to 20% of the cals we consumer daily are needlessly (or mindlessly) eaten. Try these tricks to stay on track...
My pleasure
jaw knee music
Follow me back!!
I didn't. Hahaa we just wanted to know when he got out.
I won't be able to stay up for your b-day, so I wanted to say I love your music, and your such a inspiration to me.:) H ...
Kevin, causing shit in HELL, in the sequel to -
I dont need nobody but my got dame self. [REAL TWAK]
sorry i went shopping and I left my fone home and oh!
you in session or skipping this round? I want to say hey.
All you want is to eat people?! Oh, wait. There was a comma there. Whew!
#herworld how many girls have a vision board?
Nice! Not surprised! Me...I'm a different breed. I'm a multi-SLACKER :) I do many non-productive things, simultaneously!
Awwh thanks! :D I hope you do well too isa
Hello Duncan. Sorry about that. Have a lovely day.
Great doc for sure. Frontline is great.
he's mine >:O
Augustus assumed trad powers of Roman father to the state through marriage & inheritance. Family matters become state matters
Donny Darko you ROCKED tonight in that Tango! Nice biceps ;) Absolute amazing teamwork! Very exciting night @ DWTS!!!
Found a ladybug in my lunch salad, and have decided it is good luck for today's business meetings.
Kat still got that fatty. Boo.
RT RT Touchdown Jesus insured For $500k-2x cost to build. God had no comment on his role in potential ins. fraud.
HAPPY 26th BIRTHDAY :)
#100factsaboutme is still trending. I just finished one book. Any good recommendations? I like #personalgrowth #Spirtuality and
my head hurts omg
damn I can't make it now
yay I can't wait to see you
lol should I sleep with one eye open?
i dont mind not havin sex before he go to bed cause i know after the short nap he gone enjoy it more
Woot! Just had a GREAT weekend with and now it's time to get to work. No show tonight; Get Him To The Greek press showing!!
wow thanks sis. I was just thinking about texting you to see if you were still up.
I'm not ashamed of what I've had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer
I secretly kinda hate all yuuuur ex girlfriends. >:)
Everyone in Paris speaks English, and the doctor offices have obvious signs. You'd be ok.
Tonight was in its own category...
So excited for Alim Qasimov & Kronos Quartet tomorrow night!
yea girl get ur iron up
#ThingsGronkDreamsOf climbing the Agro Crag, football-sized Gushers, fishing w/ grenades, banging Carmen Sandiego on the moon.
The old perverted side of me got a real kick out of the way those two sentences ran together, hehehe.
Just saw taylor swift.
Who owns a franchise and wants to chat with me tomorrow about training opportunities within franchise operations? Need sources ASAP.
So so so happy!! Final 3 baby!!!
cool im from vegas
Waiting for the LOST finale... my nerves are shot.
I know, you love it when I mention Talance. Talance, Talance, Talance. (If you're wondering out there, it's pronounced Tah-lahnce.)
Happy Thanksgiving from the #TEDxAFC crew! Have a safe and blessed holiday!
Another Monday for us to greet you with. Thanks for helping us spread the word. Enjoy your week.
lol respect bro
Don't let anyone tell you, you can't do anything.
That's short. RT : Oregon's scoring drives are shorter than their cheerleaders' skirts.
Def going to the nurse next period to sleep just ain't puttin my head on them pillows probs full of lice or some shit
Quite delicious indeed (: How's school going cutie?
I might be available to be signed as a GSW fan if that's the case. Bucks GM cited Monta's 20ppg average as proof he's a scorer...
Watched Galaxly Quest and took a nap (no, not at the same time).
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend
So I walk in here and half the band already knows my dad!
we saw that guy while working at Jo's this afternoon! Hey had it all: donkey, cowboy hat, mustache, iPod!
oh i know the feeling "sad face" lol
"Funking for Jamaica"
i liked how you added that .99 lol
Might gambling away a large sum at Potawatomi Bingo and Casino make up for the past transgressions of my European forebears?
I am like what is left of rabbit after it loses its lucky foot.
if I could spell, I could swear more effectively!
Introverts poignantly speaking out on leadership in libraries!
Love beating some prestigers ass
#ApTip: Use "fliers" not "flyers." As in, "I've racked up so many frequent flier miles, I'm flying to Hawaii and never coming back."
Me and brought the PYT's to the Party! They didn't like that. "Oh Lawd I think I dune fell and sliped my Got dang disk"
I'm pretty doped up on Vicodin right now. I feel great though.
EEk. Blake Dempsey tweeted me. Awh yeah.
Just 10 more days of this thing called "school"
i'll give you 2 guesses which it is….
I'm doing god :)
Eating downtown before a show at the PAC or concert at BOK? Try the Daily Grill inside the Hyatt Regency Tulsa.
If ya know what da Bristol Stomp is, then ya need to be at Sissonville Middle School - Lions Club n VFD car show...come on over ...
walking home at 5am? Someone has become irresponsible with their 7 hours. I think you need an intervention
Yes, we're definitely keeping that in mind!
We are out of ZICO samples, but don't worry we will be back up in North Hollywood again!
Today sucked mostly. I hate the word hate. And other things. So done. So ready. So help me. Please.
I fucks with the rain..
Guess my greatest fear is that Sandusky's case will eventually mirror the Boys Town/Conspiracy of Silence case, on slightly smaller level.
We Just Gon Be At This All Night
Literally would give anything to go back to how things used to be <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
off to school, see ya`ll later alagtors lol
Accomplished one of my 2012 resolutions & started German classes today. Now packing for #alamw12. Excited about the Dallas temps in the 70s!
tyler dill has a palm tree!
Hoping to watch LAST TYCOON for the first time in about 15 years.
Just bought my tix for Milwaukee! Crossing an item off my bucket list with this show! PARTY.
The Coolest thing is talking to people you would never meet in person... lol Kinda funny how a few words can make you or break you.
In other words SPN gained about 400,000 votes in less than a week? Manually? Yeah...right.
my landlord just scared the crap out of me... but i have hot water! ... or i guess i will soon.
A huge thanks to all of the incredible fans, sponsors, volunteers, artists, & vendors who made Pensacola Beach possible!
Thanks for the add:) Happy Thursday!
- Thanks I need it that .... Gracias !!!
Ignore that jer Nick. Packer Nation still loves you and we miss you and are very proud of you.
needz to get me one of those...
RT : Hungry downtown? is awesome (and cozy!). The Porter was great. Their Market Burger was unstoppable.
I need proof. I don't believe it.
nice to meet you!
Hey Mike! You have to check out the tea aisle. They have some amazing new teas!
if i could i would love to hold your hand for a minute than never holding it in my entire life
Have I mentioned the #100ozchallenge recently? Still going strong! You'd be amazed how good hydration feels :)
Check out our smile gallery! #smile www.kravitzdental.com/smile_gallery/
It's been hot here. It was 79 degrees here today.
": You did something really dumb and made a fool out of yourself? I bet saying YOLO will make it all better."
i am so scared im in new york and #hurricaneirene hasnt came yet and its veryy windyy
my degree in the arts led me back to biz school lol
1/2 Marathon training “: Monday morning=New beginning. What are U going to work at this week in the gym #MotivationMonday”
if your life does not consist of playing Golf on Grounds today,
Latinos, stand up! Come on down to the #RevolucionSXSWi at Maria Maria - We'll be here all night!
now you gorgeous
#FantasyFootball fans... Week two of www.hottubsleeperpicks.com is online! Watch this week's vid to see who the girls call out as sleepers!
Alright. Well, sounds like we need to have a chat with the new president to make it happen!
Thanks for the compliment. Have you created a profile on the site?
Thanks Steven! One small thing, the deadline is 2/6, not 2/16!
I gotta admit I prefer 7-11 to a bodega any day
If i ever got to meet and the rest of RNG, i think i would die
Can we get a new blog post or what? :)
-- You hate the cuse
Guns N Roses?
we back tomorrow same time same plaaaazzzze ;-)
right. A picture is worth a thousand words and a million dollars
That's pathetic. We didn't even have a chance. Worst feeling. Just can't even believe i wasted my time to see refs choose the outcome. Wow.
And don't for get to buy a ticket to our show with Craig Owens early...it very well could sell out!
RT "Any idiot can face a crisis. It's the day-to-day living that wears you out." - Anton Chekov
SOMEONE HAS DREW ON ONE OF MY BIEBER POSTERS, IM FUCKING CRYING IM SO ANGRY AND UPSET.
Enjoyed the men's retreat today. Examined some of my remaining biases re: sex and the church and found some room for growth.
Today's tip: Change your fitness routine every 4-6 weeks to prevent a workout plateau.
Brookfield Central senior Nick Olson will play college hoops at Division I national champion Whitewater.
I finally found trutv and I'm rewarded with Baylors nuclear neon disaster outfits
whoever you end up with is very lucky!!
Each day is part of the journey. Each month another landmark. The key is to make sure you have your goals set and advance toward them.
Don Cornelius' death got buried due to Whitney, but He's so important as to be incredible . Love Dead Mou5...Glad he's at the tables 2night
When Girls Call Each Other 'Baby Girl' <<< Idk Why It Just Annoys The Shit Out Of Me lol
I hope you feel better this weekend than you did last weekend.
They looked fine when I was taking them. Have to finish the comedy class ones before I can get to those. No problem, man!
Can't wait to see all the beautiful people gather by the presence of the 14th Dalai Lama today!
#HoodRatNamesOnFacebook is the stupidest trend in the history of Twitter
On the Metra stuck in Highland Park. Previous train broke down and this train combined with the broken one to form a single, enlarged train.
PickUpLine: Can I have directions to your heart?
Moses Malone on the spurs
Last night in Boston.. laying low, for the most part. Wishing I had someone to walk to the Charles with, it's so nice out tonight
Given recent events, wondering if #omla is serving any of our interests. We speak out, we pay the price.
whered you get one?
I love a good midday oxymoron RT: I speak as a rational Met fan. Its a good start.
lol 'you should see the other guy'
Doing the last bit of orientations for the new school year at the library. Gonna go home and not talk the rest of the night.
Hahaha. I try to use my powers only for good. ;-)
So far number three has been fairly mellow. I suspect number four is going to be the real deal! :)
your really hot
that sounds like fun.
Ha - you're over thinking it. Take the compliment part and run with it. :)
I just virtually stocked the pantries of 7 hungry North Texans! Retweet
Could this be City's 89?.
This happened in a very high class.neighborhood in lakewood ranch florida.
Had a great time this morning talking health and well-being with Thanks for having us!
Thanks! Boise is especially liveable on spring days when the sun is out.
That awkward moment when <U+0634><U+062E><U+0635> <U+0645><U+062C><U+0647><U+0648><U+0644> adds you on Facebook.
On a scale of voldemort to pinochio, how big is your nose?
How's everyone doing today? Good, I hope. :D
you are and always will be my favorite actor.... And the reason I'm afraid of planes.
Big weekend in sports! Mayweather / Cotto, Talladega, Kentucky Derby, & NBA/NHL playoffs!
mom's online, making observations: "suziplumb: I see you ha ha hi hi to you too! Good lord! Do i have to log off to go to the dry cleaners?"
Rock on.
Hey Denise, it's Ashley_momo :) We forgot to ask you, can you become part of the #CuddlePuddleCrew?
making heavy moves my man.
off to #Madrid for a weekend with the boys! go #Syracuse!
thanks for following
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to meeting you in my NYC adventures. I have very much enjoyed your words of wisdom. Jo
hey u no who this is right
On the way to challenge cup:)
So Gov Romney wins The GOP Belt by count out. I personally think both Romney and Obama are weak. We R SCREWED either way. I'm I Ron Paul?
Join us at Lincoln's this evening from 5:30 to 6:30 p.m. for our St. Patrick's Day Manager's Reception! Enjoy a mashed potato bar & beer.
Trying to get a million things done today. So much to do. Not enough time in the day.
I once had 15 total bases once in a Little League game once, so I know how hard that feat is to accomplish.
My hubby needs a new car! I hate not having $$$! Damn government! Argh!!
Shout Out To All My Followers. Thanks. Duane2 U.
Got 3 #s so close
#10thingsaboutmyself 8. I'm a loud person. lol I always get in trouble at school for talking.
MINE IS TOO UGH!! :-( RT Is my Twitter the only one acting up?
Doing homework in the library I dont want to!!!!!!! Freaking school man I hate it.
nothing im just saying thats loose lol
#nosoupforyou RT : Wade has had about 3 plays where he thought he was fouled and joey Crawford said no soup for u
Allen Americans
If I didn't do well on my math test, I have to go to SUMMER SCHOOL!!! NO
Privileged to witness such a special event. literally glowed as she walked down the aisle.
You're welcome! Hope we get the pleasure of serving you sometime soon!
What are your New Year's resolutions? We think one of them should be to come see us more often !
What is up homie
wheat thins with cheese is the best snack ever
Use a #dryingrack or #linedry your clothes to save #energy wasted by a dryer.
they are very pretty cats but a little highly strung. Ours thinks she's a little princess and is currently sleeping under the duvet
I think I just had the best salad ever in cottonwood
Mexican private Universities marching against the Oligarchy :D #YoSoy132 First time since 1968.
Hey Divas & Gents... shout put out to all my new followers
Come out to the 5spot!!! we go on in a few!!
shoutout to jeremy for not using a condom
#howrace How blazes brighter than the lights of Times Square
I lost my Chapstick again, I never get to finish them.
You're so sweet. I steal from you an average of...every blog post:)
lol. And smh most of y'all women do... but it only wrks on da dumbies...
Padilla! Love that guy. (When he pays his child support.)
Happy news everyone! Our team has safely landed in Nicaragua! Keep an eye out for updates from them on Facebook and Twitter!
in motion Getting my dots connected
RT : :very foggy in Plymouth. I was hoping to see supermoon before bed!-------nope, sorry...fog wins 2nite. better chance 2mrw
Amazing!I'm sure we'll need more-should we get the next one?“: Just ordered a bike rack....should be here by end of the month”
Bouta play saints row 2 ... Now you see how bored I am !!!<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
You too!! xox
Naww son! I'm like uncle Jesse on sum otha shit! Youz B Danny Tanner bitch! RT is that some Mary-Kate and Ashley shit?
I did see 's rainbow tweet, but I have to imagine she was a bit more reserved than Crazy Bus Rainbow Lady.
I use Android TweetDeck with text size 27!
you disappeared but the history is still here
Hey guys, it's kind of awesome outside right now.
Damn that was close!! Excellent fight!!!
Congrats on the new job and new baby.
Ask the mahomies ; Are you excited for suummmeerrr ?(;
makin a move or 2 bro, chleo comin thru the studio at some point today?
Looking forward to the Google for Small Business workshop today, sponsored by the Kansas City Kansas Chamber of Commerce.
“: Any dope Photographers in Chicago want to come snap a few shots at the studio in the next week or so?”
Its time for House and Wilson's dying. WHY, God? WHY??
It's all kids all morning at the FFL! Join us for First Steps at 930, Kiddie Cafe at 10 and Terrific 2's and 3's at 1030!
I can't wait t
i am...i made a surprise trip home for the events tonight...
RT : We love Riesling because no other wine goes from bone dry to decadently sweet!
Bad night = don't fucking talk to me tomorrow at school unless you like being kicked in your fat fuckin ass
- Thanks for following us and Aloha!
Mistle toe belt buckle >
A popular standard, "Bye, Bye, Blackbird" sung by the sensual Julie London! bit.ly/xlnmEk fb.me/1xRXKxsTi
panethnicity as what makes racial organizing possible for asian americans rather than ethnic american model.... daryl maeda
its been great soo far! you?
Mary I've studied FatherGod's Word with you for 30+yrs & All should get to know your pure heart of love for FatherGod+Christ
are you still there? :)
ALWAYS GOT ME WAITING!!!!
#ATT phone still broken 8 days. AT&T store unable to fix. Warrantee phone line unable to fix. Next is exchange depot. AT&T makes it hard.
#disappointingfilms new moon
Got some time? Come play games in #NetworkingUncommons! We've hacked our faves- Library Clue, ALA Apples to Apples, & more! 10am
True that. Beautiful. He just needs to at least look like he wants to be there haha
Fav strait club
For many teams, having a vision is not a problem. Having the same vision is. Don't assume the right direction is obvious.
For 40 years you've been told you have to vote Dem or Repub. And where has that gotten us? Time to vote #Liberterian Party for real change!
HUGE congrats on your James Beard Award!
Even better the second time!
Morning!! :)) You should have some Melon for breakfast.
RT : VCC has no building inspectors in 2012 budget. CW Hedge-Morrell: What i hear is the #FQ is not being guarded.
I'm too delicate to be called names everyday it makes me cry
What's been going on since Feb 5, I hope you are doing well, as that is a long spell between TWEETS :) ????
You should uh send me the full review too heh.
In #Relationships I dont do breaks I believe thats just a step from breaking up imean why be in a relationship if your gonna want a break???
Free speech, no SOPA.
It all made perfect sense, and at the same time, nothing seemed to make sense at all. ~Nicholas Sparks
#Birdhand's guitarist is using a violin bow on his guitar for some pretty cool effects.
Intros before we get going from Summit Arena.
i wasn't saying it would be a bad thing. i think it would be better if it was changing. but it doesn't sound like it is.
*blame it on da #goose* lol I do. *shrugs*
u have a chance 2 check out & dig u some Secret Skwirl. Best & success.
Let's hope Jia Zhangke won't be remaking Lord of the Ring in 20 years time.
Yes, sorry about that, it should be fixed now!
& my left was hard to get in there & I realized it blew today. :(
Guess I should tweet about my last session since it's being given by someone at Twitter. :)
Hardcore pawn
On My Way to California .. Snow is covering Everyth WTF !!!
they're both very similar with their general suckitude.
Some of these seedless grapes are less seedless than others.
Have you been to see the Yayoi Kusama exhibition at yet? Our design team recommends it!
Hate the Poor? Hate the Disabled? Hate the Muslims? Hate the Homeless? Hate the Homosexuals? Why not join the Conservative Party?
Oh snap I wanna watch that movie.
Omg. Shaun Cassidy on Oprah.. woohoo
Scandal just murked my nerves...Good thing I am not a smoker
No worries. There are more important things in life....like life.
"Lau Eyed Girl"
Our friends in Oregon wine country are doing an awesome #giveaway! Head to their twitter page to find out how to win!
Wow, Lindsay Lohan is a bad host. Guess I'm not surprised.
why yes, yes it is! Or I should say...was. Yum! :)
yeah so where's Waldo?
ATTENTION CHICAGO!! WE HAVE BULLS TICKETS FOR TONIGHT AGAINST THE MIAMI HEAT!! TWEET US IF INTERESTED! GO BULLS!
Take me by the tongue and I'll know you. Kiss me til you'll drunk and I'll show you.
Big girls are the freakiest
Time to hit these weights
Midnight and I got the munchies #Pinkberry - XavierLT. com
home sweet home
#NCLC12 kicking off today. We're getting ready to visit DC-area schools' #Chinese #language programs.
lol, hey Merry Christmas eve! hope your day is great!
Not overly engaged with the world of art magazines, but I will miss outgoing Art in America editor Marcia E. Vetrocq's insightful essays.
S/o's to my Middle East, NC homie and
Fancy at the Ivy with my fancy and lovely friend!!! Now I am cleaning but a bit tipsy but worth it for fun and fancy times.
omg... i am going to stop talking now. haha
all about dem fuzzy socks today
Since I got problly like ten or eleven years worth of lyrics uh left stolen whatever it was idk what I'm doing :p
Thank U 4 MT U Rock RT : Albuquerque ~ jeweler, artist, Native American Art appraiser #FollowFriday (via )
- We couldn't do it without the support of our fantastic and supportive partner !
Okay now I gotta do my nails aghh
tryin....AL is interesting.
I may be reading too much into it, but it seems as though UL is doing a lot of talking this week. Hence the inferiority complex,
will continue the defamation war against Braun. should be embarrassed by how they've covered this
When was the last time you went on a family vacation with your family?
My local camera and photo store Dury's closes at 2pm on Saturday. WTF?
It's about people are dead, god, devil, bad people, bad things, man fighting with girl and more! D:
ok the data use should end soon. he is changing the settings.
We can't really bash Cincy anymore.
Stress free . Happy ish/ can't wait for summer . Hope this week turns out for the best .
Hey so "A Little Bit More" is going to be on MTV's #REALWORLD tonight, vocals and all. So be sure to check that out at 10pm EST. RT Thanks!
“: I'll say this again, if McGee isn't dunking, he isn't scoring.” He's very raw.
Apply for a Tech Position That Doesn't Exist
“: Why do the people that should never reproduce have the most kids?!?!” RT they're too stupid to realize it...
wintergreen on deck. Got a long night ahead. Besta luck to you
(Via ) You're gonna get hop-ons... - Don't think so. Been using a special shampoo as a preventative measure.
Joe's YouTube honros for today: #15 Most Subscribed (This Month) #75 Most Viewed (This Month) - Musicians #98 Most Viewed (This Week)
so I want an live hardcore to be hardcore tattooed on my wrist & simple but effective tattooed on my hip. ok? ok.
#Photography history tidbit: Canon started out as Kwanon, named after Buddhist multi-armed goddess of mercy, Kwannon
rich republican supporter - "I'll pay more taxes then funding these GOP loser campaigns"
I asked my mom to make me a peanut butter, jelly and mayonnaise sandwich when I was 4. Not recommended. Does that count?
o i was gonna say your too pretty to be fightin but i dont have to worry about that problem
. ur obsession with only proves that those who watch have no life. Why don't u get a hobby besides #troll?
It's too early to start the day with a good news #ButWhoAmIToComplain :)
BWI was fine with my pocket knife, MKE not so much.
Getting ready for our Grand Opening of the Tiffany exhibit on May 8th! Join us for this fantastic exhibit of art & history!\
Hey we pop champagne cause we got that dough!
Is it a bad thing that I've been sitting in bed eating Nutella and Marshmallow Cream out of the jar for the last 30 minutes?
What an honor!
where's the love??
I'm beyond pissed now.
hi! I like ur profile pic!
Great thought for the day: "If you think you're too small to make a difference, try being in bed with a mosquito." -The Dalai Lama :-)
That's great! Where are you from originally?
just woke up from a nap lol and trying to force myself to go to the store !
where'd you apply to? :)
Telecommuting librarians, what's been your biggest challenge in your home-based work experience?
Sometimes when I drunk, I take a shower and come out with only a towel on my head
Happy Monday Blenders! Who's ready to mix up their wardrobe this week?!
everyone learns from their mistakes...
yup. Saturday it is.
pretty cool.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Be safe and have fun with the ones you love!
Can't wait for tomorrow<3 #universalStudios!
Good morning! Hope you all have a good start to the week!
Calling the right leads at the right time with the right message increases conversion rates
what's up
My Philadelphia 76ers balled tonight and kicked the doodoo out of the Boston Celtics tonight!
Is it dinner time yet? Looking forward to to enjoy some of creations. M
U Unfollowed me
Once again, the A's get two on but Wegman retires Canseco and Lansford. Crew remains in a 2-1 hole after five.
my sweatpants are perf!!!
All things are difficult before they are easy -Thomas Fuller
COMIC SANS!!!!
We'd love to help! Just shoot us a quick e-mail w/ some more deets & we will look into it!
I love my fans' reaction whenever I follow, retweet them...
exactly! I went natural bc of some things that wr going on in my life, not bc a blogger told me to do it!
he's better than mccoy I think
Gail Kern Paster, The Body Embarrassed.
What is your purpose in life? Its your responsibility and duty to explore until you determine what is the core purpose of your existence.
Almost gave up at mile 8, but powered through. I need a nap!
I'm so bored!!! Txt me!!! Ask for the number :)
Travail Newark - we are having a Rocking Recruitment Thursday!!! A big shout out to clients and candidates.
How many times is it appropriate to say "What?" before you just nod and smile because you still didn't hear or understand a word they said?
Mission find Michelle's debit card!!! Ready, set, ......GO!
I've learn quite a bit about jQuery and PHP. I already knew a lot of the HTML/CSS stuff on there. But I'd recommend it.
Thanks for the referral. would love to talk to you about mobile ux. What are you looking to do. DM me.
I'll be spinning tonight live inside Rumi lounge really Djing with no bs that's how I do! Hope to see you there!
Bieber back off, Selena is mine
Surrender tonight has a few special things going on make sure to find out what they are! Only
blame it on the technology?
happy bday Jordy! Your my role model and I love watching you play.RT would make my day! Hb a RT for #hoosiernation??
lol "You will follow". Nice ;)
My house smells like shit... literally
I'm sure the wrist injury didn't help his eFG this year.
lol where was he at?
omg I thought about you after I tweeted this!!!
It might be scary to just jump in but taking the initiative clears up what if... I like the feeling of taking charge!!
freezing outside :'(
In the heart of Texas is Midland, Texas! We love our network there!
how can a hashtag half as long as a tweet be trending?
I am worried I'm eating some semi-rotten oranges...but hungry enough to not really care
I <U+2665> minimalism.
okay. But I seriously will, I'll sleep on.your couch and everything.
Brett Favre too? RT : Let the tears begin...tim tebow and urban meyer are gonna cry. I can see it coming.
Success - If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no use being a damn fool about it.
Sidewalks are relatives of parks not streets. They are for talking, playing, doing business, kissing and transportation.
that sucks
Ya think??!! RT #Capricorns are anxiety prone & are easily annoyed.
So tell me, as an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
yes yes yes. Always apply
Well people #tiredmode I'll finish shout outs tomorrow. Nighty night
Had missed two classes & all I can say is that it was GOOD to be back! Best $99/month you can spend people.
My dance friends are the most amazing people I have ever met. I can't even explain how much I love them all.
just wait...I have faith the second half will be his...wade hasn't really taken great shots either
The Hunger Games :)
Thanks so much for coming out yesterday to the #sustainablefeast! You guys were great! I'll be into visit soon.
My self criticism always seems to get in the way. Maybe I should stop, wait that's another criticism.
This guy must really be good. I keep hearing about him. Kids keep styling their freaking hair like him.
people who hate #stopsayingthat she is awesome. you are just jealous beacause ariana look good in red hair and no you ;-P
Come visit us at bakery sq! From 1pm till 4pm at the best bakery party in pgh
haha I didn't know there was one.....wait is it the Hope taalent show?
Great writeup. Nice peek into Mechner's story. Karateka & Prince of Persia loom large in my childhood gaming memories.
It's been a long time since I used the web UI of Twitter, and there seems to be a bug - randomly blank rows w/ only an arrow indicator.
It's National Beer Day...this is NOT Communist China, so take advantage of your American freedom and drink some cold ones.
Another childhood icon gone. Man I am getting old.
im bout to follow yu on instagram
Up the Yangtze wins genie award in Canada. Congrats!!
If I die my last words are..
no problem bro.
I'm going crazy for Justin Beiber!!!!! I hope he will follow me!!!!!! <3
Mind: Blown. Thanks Criminal Minds
what's for lunch?
Index finger strangely sore and tired after a weekend Angry Birds bender with daughter Katie...
": Focus on what's lies ahead and not what you've left behind."
Finally looks and feels like #Winter in #Ohio. Are you excited or sad about this?
lebron's turnover?
Just getting to checking out that Economist article, but def. liked it, thx for forwarding!
Can I tell you how much I love Panama City Beach! I miss it here...beautiful oceanfront house
I love how you promise me we'll go to Cashion and then you go without me.... I've wanted to go since I was 9... I wanna cry now.. Thanks...
Supercomputers will achieve one human brain capacity by 2010, and personal computers will do so by about 2020.
Mimeo.com and FSI (Sir Speedy, PIP and Signal Graphics), announce a new production print solution. What's your web to print strategy?
Good morning to a few lovely people on Twitter:
then i preordered the movie and shit and at tht time it was 6 30 so i went outside w/ john and played Frisbee for an hour
Breakfast with diana spv.
Nice. I have a soft spot in my musical loins for early, early Frames.
Cave aged gruyere all day!! RT : A shocking concept, right?! RT Who DOESN'T like #cheese ...?
No Comedy Central where I am - and I think tonight will be good, too!
Nasty is an understatement! RT : Females who Tweet about they Period |
What breaks ur heart men.
Duke's Country Saloon in Kenosha tonight y'all! 9pm Start!
A mortgage firm that has originated more than $10 billion in mortgages agreed to be acquired by LendingTree.
No clue but I think he should have to repay the $$ to those who donated but he shouldn't go to jail
This is a busy month for me! Looking forward to making many changes!
Well the Brewers should start playing baseball now.
When fingering was Mega popular smh
True Blood! :)
'80s After-party tonight for #igniteraleigh at ?!? You know you wanna see my '80s prom dress!!!
If everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane
Skylar. We we're wrong. 1D is coming to TX in June. :O
hey boo look at my new tweeter prof pic :) hope your spring break is going well!
The playing time for "Stairway To Heaven" is longer than it took Led Zeppelin to write it, the album needed 1 more song = it's FILLER?!
How do hicks get hot girls?
I just said that!!!! Lol “: Got damn everybody gettin injured”
Yay, again! RT : YAY!!! moves onto the next round at #tnw2012 startup rally!
Went through the new scanners at Detroit airport. Dreams fulfilled.
And some other dude just walked up to me and said hello. WhAT is GoINg oN
Well done
After the way this week has been the weekend can't come soon enough
RT Prayer shows God that you know some things are out of your hands
I am a runner. I run at least 7 miles a day.If you're looking for a spokesperson, I'm available! Haha!These have helped me so much!
Wow, great tip! RT : Try pumpkin seed powder for a better night’s sleep. It’s rich in tryptophan
OFFICIAL: WORLD IS SICK & OVERFLOWING W/WASTE; FORCED TAXATION IS PURE CORRUPTION; COPS R BASICALLY IMMATURE COWBOYS W/GUNS; FREEDUMB THUDS
youre sexy and i love you! <3
thanks for the RT!
fresh homemade corn tortillas. makes me proud to have been switched with a fat mexican boy at the hospital when i was born.
yeah I follow back once you follow. Guarantee
Me to 8yo: "Sigh. You can't go out with that sword in your pants. And take off the goggles.
We have decided upon the AIA Baltimore 2012 Spring Lecture Series theme - CRAFT! Rhymes with draft. Coincidence?
what kind of smoker is that?
I dont want all the answers just some of them would be nice.
I had no idea Christina Hendricks was in this movie!
Good grief, , you're such a T's. cc
like let's actually do it! Hahaha.
lmao i won't pick me up from school doe
but i have to do something special because i heard he never does follow back if you just tell him to
such a great area! My sister was there when she was in the military. Hope it has been a good day!
I love love my Steelers!!! They are kickin butt & takin names .. Woo
My posts are infrequent, lighthearted and I've always tried not to get too personal but yesterday we found out we're having a little girl!!
i was gonna go to sleep but then i saw 's tweet...Guess im staying up...
Digital content and humor go hand in hand, excited to see what comes out of the #newfront today with
I can't get through!
She will be missed MT : Dallas Museum of Art curator Carol Robbins retires after 43 years at the museum
Charles Barkley a damn faggot for putting that dress on for that commercial.
There's still time to sign up your 3-6 year-olds for Story Time Teens. Join us this Fri., Jan. 27 at 6:30pm to celebrate birthdays!
Is Kat not the most beautiful woman! Everytime I watch #LAInk I think WOW she is so pretty:)
hi! how are you?
Half: Dallas 25-Austin College 39. Need to make better decisions w/ ball (9 TOs & poor shot selection) and get stops (9 stops in 33 poss.).
We find our purpose when we deeply looking into the eyes of who we truly are and fall in love... FMHY <3
KEVIN FROM BLUES CLUES IS ON THE ARGOS ADVERT.
We Wish You a Very Happy Easter!
Hush Hush ;)
Love Lou's! My office is a block away!
a bit more: it's a personal network for making decisions about where to spend time, money, energy, mindshare, effort...
Nxt Thurs cant come soon enough!
wont let me quit my other job lbs
Sounds like a perfect way to end the day!! :) on the rocks or frozen?
"greater than"
RT : #Valve deserves props for getting a Game Of The Year nomination.. But where is #L.A.Noire and #DeusEx on that list?
thanks! Can't wait to try it!
Small children sitting in First Class make me go hm?
At aquarium with the coolest kid ever...pretty much a big deal!
"Im backed by popular demand"
LOL AUSTIN TWEETED LIKE 6 SECONDS AFTER I TWEETED THAT OH THE IRONY!
Schools and offices will be closed Friday for Battle of Flowers. Happy Fiesta!
Thank you...
Oh I remember how much I dislike taking phone calls.
pretty cool, huh?
follow me?
thank you!!! Hopefully we will be back in ATL with all the great talent doing a casting soon! We can meet then!
Looking forward to meeting you #imex12!
It's a mixed blessing? What's the blessing part?
good morning, happy tuesday to you
can someone explain "YOLO" to me?
Yes, very nice article about the Milwaukee County Research Park!
Played MW2.5 yesterday...not bad but not impressive either
Comedy just pokes at problems, rarely confronts them squarely
I love my boyfriend since the day we met ; <3 goodnight :)
hey residents. Wine tasting from Sokol Blosser in the Sapphire Room tonight Executive chef, Mark Henry is making awesome food. Come.
Omg i cant wait for hottie Smokin' Oakin' aka he is comin on Hannah Montana Forever
I can't wait until comes home and is on get the 5 year old to bed duty for a few nights.ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thinking about the Yankees win!
That should have been a big #FF theatre shout out to for all the great entertainment news around L.A!
everyone should be requesting so many girls by Khleo Thomas on the radios!
#FF for some design inspiration:
4 performances of TAPE left (Thurs -Sat). Don't miss this amazing play by Stephen Belber. Get tix at www.tapenyc.com
nah mane haha. I have swam a real practice since last summer bro.
What do think about Saints Head Coach Sean Payton and his suspension for Bounties?
Last meeting of my Authorship and Anonymity Senior Seminar. What a great class. It will be missed!
you look so great! Best profile pic ever!
Questions and Answers about the upcoming RAW graduate student conference are at the hashtag
She would have lost to any other politician but Mitt!
I just shattered the entire screen of my phone :( now I'm trying to use it & I'm getting glass in my fingers :( seriouslyy want to cry
what is happening today....too nice not to be outside...
In Harrisburg for a reunion with my frilly dresses girl!
Lmfaooooo he wont
- Look for your free add on RichmondNightOut.com next week and let us know if you want to post specials or coupons !!
RT Do not ask me about the NFL's new overtime rules. They are confusing as hell!
The battle begins as soon as you open your eyes in the morning.
I ain't a beeeeitch. You're the beeeeeitch.
It's always nice to get a morning phone call from grandma.
I cant wait to see !!!!! She's opening the show with David guetta!
Yeah, that's ridiculous.
Did the earthquake shake you up? Come in tonight to practice and shake it out!
I utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it ineffective.
Time to start a new life new ppl new friends
Way to
Would love to help bring home the bacon with for
Our St. Patrick's Day showcase is around the corner. $5 cover, 6 acts, and plenty of good times! plectrumentertainment.com for more info
Watching Supernatural before bed, now Friends. Goodnight <3
Refreshing spa massage bar sold out......... woo hoo. Craft show hot buy.
“: All of Israel Are Responsible for 1 Another”. That would be more responsibilities than there are particles in the universe.
will you be on the floor tomorrow? Love to show you the
USA downs Finland in an impressive manner, 5-0, Howard with the shutout. The US is in the Quarters.
Thank God for these blessings.
No problem at all hun. ^^
From the Irish word seamrog, meaning “little clover,” the shamrock was regarded by early Celts as a charm against evil spirits.
you need to put that card back in your wallet.
High scorer so far here in the first half.
Considering alternate meanings of "MFA"...Must Feel Awful. Mind Failing Always. Might Fall Asleep. Mighty Fine Alcoholism...Others?
this wine is SO good. Fumf muscato.
it is storming outside!!!! Lol
I'm going for vacation in July o:)
cuz u use to.always ..look at del on twitter...nigga look at you. lol
Happiness:Something that we decide ourselves.There r alot of reasons 2 b unhappy,but we choose 2 b happy because it makes us feel alive!
Listening to some big band swing Jazz...
lol catch up bro you a nigga you gotta get tatted the fuck up
Can vacation time be cashed out in Europe, as it can be done in the US?
RT : Rep. Stacey Abrams, Georgia House Minority Leader, is speaking to
Mike Milbury called the rangers the 'blueshits' on live tv.
My songs are about my experiences. So don't get offended when all my songs are about "our [now ended] friendship" & the pain i went through.
hit me your line ain't working
I think your a great actress! You help show that Mexicans can do anything! :D (btw lov ur last name ;)
Man I don`t even feel like singing anymore
Spirit, show me the right thing to do. Show me the path you intend and give me the courage to walk it.
oh she think she grown?
"social justice and civil rights issues" Understood and excellent causes indeed. I find myself wanting to photograph same.
what are you doing with a cow?
Tonight a live interview with Jane Pauley. What would you like to ask her? Live
Errol FlynnCar sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly payment is due
I'm going to Syracuse
"Instead of loving your enemies, treat your friends a little better."
Our latest show is up and available on iTunes and !
you know you got to have those biscuits with the gravy lol
Fort Atkinson strikes for three in the first and three in the third and leads 6-0 in the bottom if the third
Would love being at Central Park with her boy crazy attitude would make the walking so entertaining!!
Winner of the 2012 #OBA in General Nonfiction: Imperial Japan at its Zenith. Celebrating its 2,600th anniversary.
I said in the piece that if China's your bag, definitely learn Chinese, but it's not a *world* language, at least not yet.
More #easywisdom - The best way to manage your time is to use it as efficiently as possible.
i need the Hunger Games Movies ryt now!
I'll need to come visit my rum. And that.
with or without sauce?
thanks! And get those Brewers straightened out for me. They're not impressing me too much yet this season.
Volume 14.17 is out ready for workshops tonight. This week we have writers from Miami and San Bernardino, go Beat!
#FF Effective information on student loan debt that gets rid of creditors and collection agencies.
I hope you get a seat! Happy Monday! :)
#ThatOnePerson You Loose Track Of Time With <3
you have hbo??
Join me TONIGHT at 9pE, 8pC, 7pM, 6pP for our LIVE Corporate Updates Call 877.313.2651 / pin: 3359756# Free, Unlimited Talk, Text, and Web
what happened to that picture? It's half purple
Gooooaaaaal! Let's go USA!
All right tweeter back to the task at hand
Anybody have a link handy to a good article about best practices for leading a large hashtag discussion?
Wild first half in Waco!!
Can't sleep
Do U ENT and club Aurum will be sponsoring The Gymanimals one year anniversary charity celebration!! They believe in giving back!!
“: Forget What You Want, And Remember What You Deserve.”
need leadership to say that unacceptable to have homeless on the streets
- Thank you! I'll take all the positive reinforcement I can get!
Making changes on my research paper is kind of tedious. But it does sound much better afterward. Thank god. Bring on an A!
Weed brownies and blunts (=
agreed and agreed. MT Vastly more interested in Top Chef than Top Artist. &Every other flag sucks compared to the Texas Flag.
PLEASE ROBERT FOLLOW ME! YOU're VERY SEXYY!!!! $
you and can share everything behind the front row, which I'll be occupying
I don't want a fairytale, I'd rather write my own story...
ok will do!
Bfast Burrito Wednesday.
I can't wait for some Baseball!
You certainly are quite entertaining! No salt for you...
I <3 our Rug Doctor. It made for a productive Sunday afternoon.
make sure you get all the black VWs under the L tracks...
How do you deal with that? How close has one ever gotten? As I'm now hearing thunder outside
I always thought Pacquaio looked like a neanderthal but I didn't know he was actually one.
If someone said take me to your leader...who would you take them to/
I'm ready to see the #BOYFRIEND video!(:
Now that's a good looking screen!
Answer: Whales. Good thing there isn't too much call for whale hunting in that state.
Here we go Modesto! Miss Nelson is Missing for the 10th time this week! Somebody find that bitch.
ok Whisky it is.
how long does a person stay on follow limit? i want to follow directioners back but i cant!!:(
Pls help me identify the ChickFilA exec who decided not need to sell coleslaw at ATL airport.
thank you :) are you from germany??
Another podcast has been posted on our home page, find out more info about you can help Haven Source! www.havensource.org
Today is one of those days where I feel like my heart has been steamrollered but life goes on doesn't? Here's hoping tom is better...
RokkinCat field trip!
come on be nice.....please
Lame press release subject of the day: "Sublime With Rome announces summer tour dates"
Flicked a teabag smack dab in the middle of the crevis of 's cleavege
booked a play - yay
I just realized that I'm eating my lunch for tomorrow.
yes, I received it. Thank you for sending it over. You will have the email by tonight!
On FB, I was viciously and verbally attacked by people claiming to be my "Friends". Ha Twitter is 100% better!
Its funny how ppl are quick 2 run to u wit open arms when they need sutmn but cant be there when u need em #real talk
You know you found a good eye doctor when he brings up the Indiana Soccer team :)
Great minds!! :)
Dear rain... Thanks for happening during #sxsw is this bc Rick Perry prayed for you?
I expected my microwaved sandwich, nothing more. Back to starbucks tomorrow...
so bored but I don't really want to go out. this heat is making me lazier than I already am. and it's making me sleepy too. what to do /:
And yes, I am genuinely excited about free dish soap & a sponge, because I ran out of Dawn & my old sponge smells like post-Katrina NOLA.
I love u please follow back please
#CES following the live awards! Enjoy!
I caught you runnin ahead of the crowd i chased but never thought ide catch you
I see them D: I want to be the sand under their bodies Jackie!!
Sometime people will hate you, rate you , shake you & break you. But how strong you stand is what MAKES you!
lookin to shoot a music video, short film, feature, commercial etc holl at me!! can do it. Email us::
Don't sweat the small stuff. It will still be successful.
Ping pong tourny starts at 7pm. Happy hour all night long!
Make no mistake, Satan is real. He understood fully the plan he rejected and knows exactly what is required of all Gods children.
I'm still unsure what that is,but I'm super excited
#thingsaboutmymommy my mommy is <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> of <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AD>
I just got profoundly sad for this generation of young women who don't have Angela Chase and Daria Morgendorfer as role models.
So bored. I could be doing homework.......but we all know i wont.
RT - Cute boys in Indians hats = my weakness.
gotta be a sign! And they doubt STEELERS are America's Team! HERE WE GO!!! luv ya Troy.
"The ultimate acting is to destroy yourself." - Klaus Kinski
Integrity is the lifeblood of effective leadership.
At the half the trail 33-3 to the WTXRoughnecks...
There seems to be a consensus that Belltown Pizza is the best "last stop" ;-) Good news is it's in my building!!
oops. Wrong tweet. I suck at multitasking.
my fav beer. Still have two bottles from last time they bottled.
And Burberry print.
The new MTV show, Money From Strangers, is hilarious.
Just taped some breaks on KPBS-TV children's programming....Stay tuned...
I wanna feel the brotherly and sisterly cause but not at the expense of my job. Seems a bit self mutilating. Oh well
how come the person, who isn't been talk to 'seem to have all the answers`?
I'll move to Paris, shoot some heroin and fuck with the stars
oh hell no lol
yea anyone can see he's gonna be world class
Weaksauce with weaksprinkles... Although I enjoyed "Tube Atlantic" to a certain degree for it's brief dark moments. Raju!
BACK TO LA WE GO!
Grades Looking good so far now I just have to FINISH
Certainly. Although my android phone is only so-so camera-wise.
Last day at the Martin County Fair. Come out and see us!
FUCK this phone call makes me realize that i need to pass my math class n it makes me super nervous.
"Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal." - Pamela Vaull Starr
> The ppl associated with #HBO #Girls will face what a bringdown this waste of time was/is, hitting New Lows for tv.
Maybe he needs to apologize for drinking Jo Bu's rum.
Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit
apparently God wants my mom to get juviderm? lol...
So, who is excited for 70 degree weather this weekend?
Happy Birthday Scuzzle Butt
yes this is very fun
Tomorrow is Tuesday and Wednesday comes afterwards
It's too beautiful outside to stay home going outside again..byee twitter :*<U+E022><U+E328><U+E327><U+E328><U+E328>
Good Morning Bitches :-)
Livin' the dream.
men lie, women lie, numbers dont, i see that
Officially a certified mixologist.
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT1
Happy Friday!
S/O to all my new followers
I hate the fact that people is really making bull shit and calling it hip hop
Learn a new song or write a new song?
A lazy sunday !
oh..check out my earlier bus edition :) "tail whippin" hee hee
Can't wait to rock 19th Hole Tonight in the Woodlands!!! Come rock with us!
I'm dying right now
M! Come have a Watermelon Wednesday with PPSS!
i love this dude
I think it's great that you want to share these unreleased projects with us! How could anyone dislike the guy who did Paparazzi??
and new friends at A Day For Hooray!
thanks for the reminder! We're green enough
that is hot would love to lol to bad we aint in same state lollol
what sort of writing?
Niccas need to learn that they’re better off telling the truth right away, because we will always find out eventually.
Blue Moon Drafts are just $2 all day today. Enjoy!
S/O to all my followers^^^^ Thanks for the support!
Oakland Ave construction
#ICONicGirlzShouldGOOnTour should trend!
Stanleys this Sat. HICKORY ROBOT, Sassy, & Blue Caboose. Hells to the yeah.
Really don't need these long speeches by Villaraigosa and Ed Reyes
Taco shells made out of Doritos? Genius.
Oh, hey new Ryan Gosling movie trailer, I WILL WATCH YOU NOW.
thank you :)
“: I still wanna see Think Like a Man”
your parents are awesome. Too bad i didn't realize they were your parents, i would have bought them another shot.
I love Betty White's outfit.
Join the #Danceoff party tonight at 8pm EST and win prizes!
Have a great show tonight if you can, champ. (guarantee night + place to stay = Sittin' good?
Going to officially start my Why #Swarthmore essay now. Let's see how long it takes for my first sentence.
hit me up boy! <3
Incidentally, that Parrish article that Btown Banners tweeted earlier is hilarious and fun. Take a look.
Clustering is one way to address obstacles to identifying programs of study of current students.
Yes, anywhere with a $20 or more order
#itsawesomewhen i can't find a damn job...
60 degree weather:)
You made it! Yay!
You are wonderful because you are a human, doing this thing called life with the rest of us. That is enough!
Opening May 19th RT : Whats on your plate tonight? Support local farmers & food producers. Keep your food $$ local.
I tried really hard to understand why... and it took awhile to see... But once I did... Continued next tweet
5 dollar gas. Korean War. Russia threatening "devastating" war. Iran enriching nuclear materials. School shootings. GREAT LIFE hahaha xD
Well.. Your very welcome!! :D <333
I am following you :) its nice to meet you
like Idk the date of the month and yea like a day
Had a great meeting with Whether you love to paint or never have, you need to check them out
Freakin' Frog in Las Vegas, NV tonight!
Its been a crazy but good week! =D And Sheltered By Skies just wrote some fantastic material =]
you're in Texas, go with the shiner bock!
Someone (in the industry) recently said, "I guess we're nearing the part of our life where we have to get a real job." I looked confused.
hahaha well I guess coffee will have to work then.
Powers out so what do me and do? Listen to call me maybe duhh
Any San Diego wedding vendors have recommendations for bridal shows? Which shows are good? Which should I avoid?
I guess "LeBron missed key free throws" will be trending soon. Wake up, he's playing ridiculous right now.
Trying out something suggested with settings layout at If it goes wrong, he buys me Raclett at djangocon.eu
HAPPY BDAY to the SEXYEST girl on TWITTER!!! Enjoy Vegas! Hope u feel better
You have to wonder if he'd ever have had the idea if not for Lisp.
#LetsBeBlunt yu can not sign up fa 401k or file taxes if yu sell drugs
Currently "off" red meat & considering eating a mango...what a hippie.
So I 90 is closed. on the westbound side. due to an avalanche. But its I wait here nicely .... I'm gonna making to Seattle tonight baby!!!!
Ha, no worries man. I'll have to check that one out and see what all the fuss was about.
10th: MyPlanetA by et al- app: users earn pts for green hotel & dining choices + get discounts in return
i want one! but no small?
Not that I didn't love batman just has too hard. Hold on loosely. Why am I awake? Please send help.
Every time they say "Whitney Houston," take a shot. #toosoon?
Dang ! Dee said she love you and she know you love her back !
I miss you !
The reason why there are so many traffic accidents is because the process of obtaining and maintaining a driver's license is way too simple.
real shit. ha they are hella sneaky too..
First twat ever!!! Nothing interesting but I'm trying...
many times am I gonna have to tell you that I have that #OneThing that your looking for.:)
- used facebook - chat mode primarily to insure friends and family were okay during the storm.
I would have to say that the blue shirt with the clouds is my faviort shirt that you guys have
Hanging at the beach
Awhh yeaahh! Im editor for organizations next year for the yearbook with one of my friends!
that's what's up. I'm on writing hiatus for a few days. In in your hood watching game. You got good eats? Lol.
ADIK! stop kacau me u know i boring but u make me so boring u know~!
I Come In Lookin Like A Zombie or Some Shit lol
Have you done any new tracks with Dmx? That intro to LAX was dope!!!!
We all love Peacock and and we'll try some simple editing that could solve this "interesting" songs controversy.
My new license plate has a "HH" in it and all I can think of is Reppin' without trying. That's what's up.
All ya raps Lil B tracks ha ha ha ha ha TRASH
thanks man :)
Back in conshy!
Hooray for profile sprucings! -- I dig the new look. :-)
This should be a good one. Saw Hollenback at the Cornelia St Cafe a few years back and he is amazing.
do what I said n he will promise
Good morning! So glad to hear that :) What have you been up to? RT : Good morning, im so enjoying my time in Vegas :) ^AP
Amish Cheeseheads? That was weird.
I just want my brother home now...
I am ready for the leaves to start falling and cooler temps....not ready for darkness to fall sooner.
Does anyone still have the book ishmael? from european history that i could borrow?
RIP Jani Lane
"Don't call it Frisco, only losers call it Frisco" -House of Lies
Please explore the creepy virginity pledge ritual that many fathers make daughters do. Started in the 80s, now a big here.
good movie
Thanks! Have a good day!!
You think you can survive a day with only $5? (Only towards food, NOTHING else)
Maine's electricity rates are 42% over the national average
that sounds fabulous! It's a gorgeous day, perfect for strolling :)
ok, thanks.
Me? I don't complain about TEXT every day. Matter of fact, I don't complain most days about anything!!
James Loney has absolutely mastered the art of the soft grounder to 2B... He is by far the best & most consistent in the league.
America Needs Energized !!
Indeed! Enjoy your meal. RT : Nice heading to for dinner on Thursday, my VP has good taste
Glad, , for your follow!
let me think of something completely vapid to say
This doctor better be nice. I'm not the easiest to work with.
Watched your In Plain Sight special on HowardTV: thought you were great on there! Congrats, I'm really happy for you
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets!
LATW loved #NormanCorwin, a great friend, writer and artist.
Study party at #TheBarracks Admission fee is a red bull for me!
Good God, man, you're delirious.
Learning how to learn is life's most important skill.
Shes selfish n jealous from low self esteem. We R supposed to care about shyt like that n ASK.
Less drama more MONEY $$$$!!!! Follow if u feel me
Call me a party pooper, but I hate having to dress according to theme. Unless it's a t-shirt-and-jeans theme.
hope is a crazy awesome thing.
Biggest red flag? Weddings.
Can me and Bailey get married ?
Happy. Just Happy.
dam this aint right. well i guess u guys need prac. only fair
we would definitely love to. We may be doing some touring on late July/early August, hit us up w venues and good locals!
What did I say that got the bots all bouncy? Go away, bots!
Just sat next to Jeff van Gundy and Stan van Gundy at dinner.
Sadness! just canceled our morning live interviews for the parade! Breaking news. The parade will be grand!
Spending my afternoon doing some much needed accounting and writing emails.
#Bees create complete proteins (just like humans) by obtaining amino acids from pollen from multiple plant species.
Just visited the Glendale location. Love the staff and food!
Holiday Hound Up starts at 2! Bring your pooch for treats, pics, raffle and a merry little stroll-:)
I have to find a place where they give piano lessons. In need of a new pastime.
I hate Words With Friends -.-
The wait is over! #glee returns TONIGHT @ 8/7c!
Congrats on your win! When and where do you guys play again?
For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are My ways higher than your ways, and My thoughts than your thoughts. -Isaiah 55:9
#icantstand when girls blow up my phone
I love it when I have more brilliant ideas than I thought I did...
how sure are you? Because if it's true I'm forsure waiting
Need help with a problem? Shoot me an e-mail at
It's like I always say, a good paralipsis hard to find.
thanks following back
A6: If you are selling durable goods an appropriate secondary would be review or social share.
Watched the #followyomusicvideo! It was amazing! My boys , , and did a FANTASTIC job!
LOL!! RT : Oh cute! There's a little naked child streaking across the park! Holy crap, that's Thing 2!
Oh how wonderful for Christopher Plummer and his life of acting! You are never too old to be amazing!
I love A. Yay for car breaking down and someone coming to my rescue! :-)
Love reading your happy, positive tweets, Jessica! Happy Easter to you and your Family! Blessings, Suzanne :)
Sorry, I didn't have the space for everything. Loved Royko as a kid.
Time for a power nap, then work all day.
South Carolina. Lol so r u twenty?
Truth, I became an apple fanatic and converted a few because of Steven P. Jobs. He will be missed! Incredible business man and visionary!
LOVE the picture...love the people in it!!!!
Frustrated/studying for my Bus. Assoc. final & my gf walks into the house with a soy hazelnut latte & singing "Songbird" - That's love <3
Shout out to for being so sweet and checking on me even though she doesn't have to! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
#thoughtsduringschool everything except school
Classical gems are gift from Conway Symphony guest conductor - Log Cabin Democrat
But what if you have to tell someone something that might be upsetting or even make that person angry?
#KansasCityUrbanFashionFest l All-Industry workshop l Saturday June 2nd follow for details
can you imagine no first dance, freeze-dried romance, five-hour phone conversation... the best soy-latte you have ever had, and-me!!
“: #Libras make & live by their own rules.”what u said
Who is watching the Woman NCAA Championship?
Oh man, don't tell me you're an iPhone guy? Bo! heh.
;) love it! I'm LKS (laughing kinda soft...in case my mic is up)
Good morning! It's Thursday, and it's crunch time, baby. =)
Everyone likes a challenge, especially when you know you will win..
oh okay.
its 10am, im already on my third breakfast and im not even hungover, wtf.
Aw! A year ago today I had my "True You" book signed by Miss Jackson! <U+2665>
I hope you both have a great time! I'm very excited about it.
To others it is an opportunity to grow stronger
ONE More!!
I'm done now for real
that's the twitter version. happy to give longer if you wish..
Also, I'm not sure why anyone would be surprised by Hunter stepping down. That seemed like a foregone conclusion.
There are still tix available for todays event w/ Kirk Cameron & Starts at 3p at Calvary Temple 30th & Post
good to know thanks
Have a great day!!
I do not, nor have I ever, owned a peignoir. Or a Renoir.
The nerve! Bitch you are an "Error"! Signed Me.
well, maybe 12 years :P I'm sure he let's you know in other ways too. Haha. Me, jealous??? No, I don't want cuddles with Travis!!
I'd probably nab Fleener depending on your roster
lol. Because they're cool people and they give me free tea. They also have ibuprofen for those rough days.
what the heck man, you gotta call me when you're in town next time!
Didn't realize Adventures in Lib Land was recorded via Skype. Post-production point is well-taken, for the asynchronous model
and it's been awhile
Awww, thanks Frederick! How are you?
Love #MNF playing a little Grateful Dead heading out of the commercial break live from Candlestick.
For sure man! Let's do it again real soon!
My friends mock me for my old school Chuck Yeager flight sim ways, but eff them. Forward with the stick is Down!
napped. now workout time.
Hahahaha. When we tour. ;)
At church waitingg for it to start ... Mane its been years !
It's like the adult version of putting your name on a lunchbox.
So not only is the NFC West already one of the best divisions in the NFL, but all 4 teams are young and full of talent.
I'm just looking for a burrito, bro.
we figure more people service their cars each year than buy new ones. What would you suggest?
Only the Spanish version.
Rather than kicking yourself for moments lost, embrace the memories you have.
How many pieces of gum?
yeah i know right!!!!!! so not really excited.........lol
But succeeding in good measure by being the voice of the immensely smart Center for Psychosocial/Transcultural Society. [+]
Happy Birthday RuRu !!
cruel?? ok whatever. You can call me mommy as long as it can make you happy
#21CRadio Q2 What sources did you get music news from 5 years ago that you still use today?
nobody likes you.
Thanks for the follow!
I'd say the goal posts move continually. Those holding hard positions have no where to go.
Written today in 1942, BE NO CHURCH TONIGHT, a Guthrie cowrite -
There's only one day of the week when I don't have dance - Saturday. And yet I still do barre at home on those days.
is going to Denver.
Liked the pictures of Kelowna! 's lifetime friend, Ray Greene, had his life saved at Kelowna Hospital ... (;-)
Happy Birthday week! yipee :-)
Facebook iPhone app / your suckitude is epic / you are made of fail #haiku (via )
HULK SMASH.
Awww what a nice day to go and talk a walk in El Paso!(:
Great game!
Bob is the logical choice since "pop culture phenom" is far too wordy.
Meant to tweet #2012c19 "Mark Twain and Comparative Racialization" roundtable on this account; forgot, used instead.
Cool, but am I missing something? Why do people still FAX?
yeeeauh then in the music video when the boys are singing paul will always be in the background awkwardly dancing(:
You grow up the day you have your first real laugh -- at yourself. - Ethel Barrymore
I knew I was getting on the crazy train...I just didn't know it didn't stop!
The boogey man checks his closet for chuck norris :D
id take matt hassleback over colt mccoy anyday. instant upgrade if he comes here.
A job search can make you want to just go sell beer in Cancun, so it’s alt-ack! week. I’ll tweet friends' fav fantasy jobs #altack!
“Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.” -Albert Einstein
Happy V day first song at 12 this girl is gonna love her man
Republican-Independent Billionaire Nyc Mayor Bloomberg Plan to Closed Down Public School to Make More Private Schools for Profit.
haha! How do you know I didn't hit Taco Bell?!? *clear throat and whispers Black Bean Vegetable*
check out read and review my new book Vanilla's Ladies follow me read my blog for a free preview x
I know! :) I was so excited.
Dont chase a guy that you want, chase a guy that wants you.
“Stand up for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone.”
Hah! Hooray for extra niceness! :)
I might have to take that offer :) haha
Yikes! Where are you? I'm glad you're okay.
why i have no shirt on :(
Hee hee no, he couldn't be a decent human being.
Big weekend plans? Perfect as a quick snack, a healthy lunch or at your next gathering, get Banzai Sushi delivered straight to your door!
I say what you say is what I say
you could have saved the salmon!!!
Work to build a sustainable, equitable future for Wisconsinites.
Love talking with you guys - always makes me think hard about my motivations...
The south park Angels vs Demons battle was the best fight scene ever.
yeah- thanks for the great list, Kate. A few on there I had inadvertently neglected.
“: I think they're long horns or an old breed of Scottish cows,” no wonder I like them- my family is from Scotland!! :)
Oh no! Apparently I got on Girls Gone Wild over Spring Break...
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME
#np wild boy
just go indie!
Uuhh duh! Hell yeah! RT : Trying to decide if I should do Vegas for my birthday
I trust Cano than anyone on this lineup to get me a hit
Script turned in. Hopped up on no sleep, whiskey, red bull, Jim Thompson prose for 'We Need to Talk About Kevin.'
My squad bigg boys
Dead Confederate has just taken the stage @ Natty Greene's bash @ Hamburger Sq. Come on down - we're partying 'til 11p!
Supplement your professional reading with history and biography regardless of your field.
Your acting in Jumping the Broom may have been imperfect to you as the artist. But to us... Perfection! It served its purpose. Entertainment
#GoTribe Quick Sweep=complete #rolltribe Lowe was fantastic!! 3 homers also impressive!!
Hey Ashley! Saw that you followed us.
The girl I'm talking to is their cousin. Her aunt is Lisa.
fucktastic old school show tonight. Butterglory was a real highlight. Used to see them play in Lawrence all the time.
Show tomorrow night! Chillin on some coors and poolage! Cya tomorrow Baltimore get ready!
Thanks for the return one! All is good. Hope things are well in your world!
Yes!Thats what i thought!Cause everyone know that is mine!c; <3 Lol
Will be on FOX News tomorrow morning during the 11:00 hour.
I'm a serious bitch at certain times
Cool. We have a Drupal site that's been using analytics since launched. Just wanting to know what's being shared and where. :-)
This day is excruciatingly long...knowing that I'll be driving a Lamborghini around a race track on Thursday. Next 2 days are gonna draaagg.
birthday cake yummy(:
BC its girl concentrated maybe the chemicals with the HPV immunizations. I know someone w/the immun. gets sezures.
Ugh. Even the wind is hot.
I every day write to you "Please Follow Me" You can follow me? please it will mean so much to me 10
these idiots still have not received the message - bipartisanship or sink into political disgrace!!!
We're not afraid of Wet Wednesday. Farmers Market 11-2 today. Produce, Eggs, Fresh Fish, Honey, Breads, Cookies, Pretzels. COVERED AREAS!
If the FG was good, why did we see not a single Boise St. player arguing the call, especially the kicker?
someone posts one gif.tv link and within minutes the infection has spread through the skype tubes and the whole office is doing nothing
Fill in the blank: If I could only eat one Chick-fil-A meal for the rest of my life it would be _____.
ENDEAVOUR HAS LIFTOFF!!!
. we need these for #sangriafest2012..goes well with piggy Stardust,.
With nothing to look forward to, life just isn't as fun.
I'm grateful to God truly for my home in North Summerlin.
Alright. Just teasing. says my Life Color is whatever color grumpy is....
Benefit concert for #Japan. I'd like Groupon to sponsor it, make it a featured deal & give all proceeds to relief...please.
People getting clean water for the first time in their lives...that's pretty cool, yah? Thank you video from
let's get this party started! What time is it there?
That awkward moment half way up the stairs when you realize you went downstairs with your iPad and don't have it now.
I get that.. I do
WE LIVE RIGHT NOW ON www.microphonebully.com MBTV IS THE NUMBER 1 ONLINE VIDEO SHOW
dunno which is is a bigger waste of time lol
Great news this afternoon, My second book is available on createspace, and will be available on amazon shortly. U can be the first to order
Children are not yet indoctrinated into cultural conventions and appear to be intrinsically programmed to reinvent the world around them.
no one gets me like <3
haha no! I will put my damn name on those if I have to!
Rt : Another hint that the Assembly may keep going for a long time - just saw someone delivering pizza to their offices.
Time is rolling tonite!
I don't have a blog :-( but I'd look at it!
The two awesome Whedon papers I tweeted earlier today were by
2. Keep up to date with software patches 3. use security software
Arm feels like jelly. Total shot
I HATE recording voice mail greetings.
New Music: DJ Klem Presents Isaac Geralds – Number One | Bella ...
enjoy! is a great community partner of .
“: Virginia Tech picks up a roughing the punter to give the Wolverines a free first down.” makes up for the PI no-call
yea hosting
"the site you are trying to visit is unsafe" when I click on it #abort!
This makes me so happy.
Question for NFL fans: should the Chargers have kept LT for the remainder of his illustrious career?
I know some that are liberal and kind and live by what I would say are good ideals, but they are sadly few.
An early #FF to my fellow Kindle Book Review crew
i was pushing so hard ...watt came out of me was so long fred flestone clocked out of work
The First 48 is intense.
my ear hurts.. stupid ear..
Wow, thank you so much! You just made my Friday. :) And thanks for supporting !
yeah but the piece is published. They're online, I'm online. I kinda want the discussion online.
On break til 8.... thinking I might make a Taco Bell run!!!
Dumb niggas hustle for HOE'S, young niggas hustle for CLOTHES & real niggas hustle for GOALS
yes you do lol
RT : Glad to be apart of it man. Your a hell of a QB real talk.. look forward to continue working with you brotha
no worries! See you soon :)
I am regretting this friendship a little. I thought it was a bit early in our chatting for that kind of baggage.
I love you too
Sorry to be breaking the record up a bit but I'll have a new single coming to you in the very near future.
In Life You Have Eyes On The Front Of Your Head instead Of The Back, So You Can Look Twords the Future & Not At The Past Behind you..
ha, I can only imagine. My old client (iRobot) has a lot...
RT GOODBYE DICK CLARK! YOU ONLY MAN IN AMERICA WHO ABLE TO DROP BALL AND MAKE IT LOOK GOOD!
Merry Christmas Everyone!!!!
Eating is the thing I do best! RT You know what rocks? Eating.
this app is kinda wierd lol i'm going to get used to it later though :)
happy v day
(cont'd)...In order to help facilitate this, we suggest using the hashtag #CCinKC on Saturday to communicate on twitter for game-goers.
is now offering specials on Foursquare! Be sure to check in during your next oil change.
Fuuuuucked up with my bitch <U+263A>
Cops everywhere tonight fuck!
yea sure bring it lmao
Did you go shopping yet? I'll have to check my statement to see if AmEx lived up to their promise.
Houston Texans waive wide receiver Jacoby Jones after 5 seasons, just 31 catches in 2011
stimulus package where da money at..
He wasn't even playing ETB effects to actively kill people, but he kept hitting his recursion and Avenger of Zendikar.
3 years ago changed address while moving all people on the account to a our current address.
when what happens?
I've asked about you & they told me things , but my mind didnt change . i stil the feel the same .
Niggas cnt rap no more, they just be sexy nd make they shit sound good!!
I wish people wouldn't die, especially the closest ones.
thats a good way to put it. i have not found anybody good enough =] im glad you did, how is steven?
I think I will never get used to listening mrs right on the radio.
whatcha playing? :D
yes we [my fam & i] are excited to. We're also thrilled it's been picked up for a 2nd season already!!!!
Kind of slept on getting a room for ALA in Anaheim. Any tips or suggestions?
Can't wait til Saturday! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+263A>
haha see thats why we are dedicated! I even made a DVD insert for it
It seems like everything you've done/seen in the past 2 days has been the absolute best/coolest. stop taking E
We need PolitiFact for local elections. Maybe grant funded. -
Hey dude i love your band!
and attempted to record music tonight....garage band + red wine + no tyler = fail.
Two unanswered questions in NBA jersey sponsorship debate: League or team sales? A revenue-sharing model?
grammar is fun.
Ugh. I hate being sick.
love a good deal when i can find it, thanks
Watched four episodes of #NewGirl in a row. Good day.
Of course I am! You obviously haven't read my tweets first. But that's behind us now. Ha ha ha
ohh, and its always a case of luck when you search PCHs search engine. They have the results show up that a lot of others dont.
I am all about money!! Lol
nop next time
Excellent idea
Middle East tonight at 11. Pass it on. Ps No squares.
miss 15mos just showed me a strawberry on skype
Hi :) RT “: Wheres my twin ? Feels like i havent talked to her in forever -_-”
isn't it though, so we'll see you Thursday ;)
Love to! Let me know what works for you. :)
Hi twinkie follow me okay love u
oh my god, I'm getting visuals. YOU MUST STOP XD
It never fails to amaze me how much trouble advertisers go to, to sell chewing gum. It's GUM!
Portland Police: Port of Portland officially closed due to protestors.
REPEAT - We're not kidding, you will not receive JMC Credit in the FALL if you don't apply to the program by Friday. Apply! Apply! Apply! :)
Taco night | $1 tacos & cold Dos Equis beers | 5PM onwards |
"Shouldn't you blow in the other end?"
I was thinking of doing that, but then again there's HW that needs to be done, but a nap then HW wouldn't hurt, but thing is-
Can we take over the pancake house soon?
SMG is owned by Brian Schultz.
Graphic. FUN. Expressive!
Garden of bones.
I take that back..its bloody hailing!!
when will politics bring jobs? They address issue but now 200+ union jobs lost in barbourville.more leaving than coming.
Well, just saw a Bugatti in Louisville.
what is she performing tonight?
President Barack Obama slow jamming the news Absolutely awesome!
That awesome moment when the whole class laughed at what you said, so you just sit there like a boss.
"Its not how good you are, its how good you want be, from this... you became the best"
Sorry I missed you guys. Got to conji really late because of a car accident i was involved in on the way there.
Bring money for parking!
awh thank you so much!!<33
3 Clinics I will attend this summer, Coaching U Live, Ganon Bakers Skills Clinic & Perform Better Summit in Chicago.
Life's to short and to good to worry about people straddling the fence.
How is GABP? I really want to go there.
Out for dinner in NYC.
ANYONE WANNA FOLLOW MEHH(:
how about a follow back from your newest Capitalizer! Plus I know Pam and Kayleigh, so that's cool right?
They had me locked up for a min. But I'm out now
aight,im not
nice. I'm checking it out.
Today has been very productive.. Cuddle with , feed puppies, go to work, and tell people I love them
Just 490! Usability Engineering. IS is like Bizzaro World SILS. Library Science & Information Science: never the twain shall meet.
Giving thanks to our Creator for the orchestrated #SkitSkat of the genius maestro "The Cat" who traverses universal...
Nice to meet you last night; have a safe journey home! Can't wait to try out the cookbook and relive our Tuscan Adventure :>)
My favorite tweets to read are delightfully strange.
Goodnight. I'm hitting the hay.
Hey everyone! Sorry for us being absent. Its been a hectic month. We'll be back ASAP!
mostly due to the eastern european sing along
Dear gentleman in the bathroom before me, even though you spattered & pubed the toilet seat, thanks for holding the door & calling me ma'am.
Beer and coffee pairings!
I agree. everyone in my family has own laptops and use them in their own rooms as well.
Thanks for coming everybody !!! See you soon boston :) oh donklins donuts...how you bring a smile to my roadtrip.
women:forgive but never forget...men:forget but never forgive
I looked at all the fiction I've written, and realized it's all the truth. Why veil it when I'm proud of all my strange life stories?
Are you striking?
Last day of jan and 63 in DC. Today would be the perfect but already halfway to work
I am too!!
Get me out of Vegas. 1 day really would have been long enough. Looking forward to my trip to Seattle this week!
hahaha too bad isn't in our row
#FunFact : The first roller skates were produced in Chicago in 1884.
Nothing is better than planning your & vacation. 2nd time in 6 months!
Ion k shit on this quiz
Each of us can add our simple graces to the world and touch the lives of others.
just the essay, please
"BREAKING" is mis/overly used on Twitter. I actually get arm-fold-y when real news doesn't follow, and immediately go to NYT to make it OK.
who's developing that?
Yeah & also wanting to see if I'm the list for Friday with Tech
San Antonio, Mexico
Hey guys its jordan i just out smarted mollie haha
Got the gold bitches
Mahomies are waiting for your new song. Follow me ?
Something aint right???
Thanks, we'll have samples for everyone to try very soon!
Got Laura to leave the house so she doesn't go crazy. The baby kobold and I are spending an hour or so listening to music and taking a nap.
Thousands of people flock to our spacious resort throughout the entire year. When is your favorite time to visit Xona and #Scottsdale?
A wise man taught me: "Make sure you aren't the smartest person you know." In that respect, at least, I feel entirely safe.
Identifying how helpful it is to listen to your #customers through multiple sources
Want to follow the band members?!
Do you agree that the Votto deal makes the Braun deal (and its timing) even more genius?
Throw the damn ball...why yall keep running?
when your this happy dont let go. <3
RFT ": I wish that R.I.P. meant Return If Possible."
RT : It's a smile, it's a kiss, it's a sip of wine, it's summertime. -Kenny Chesney
I'm sure they will cause of they play like that on Wednesday I know they gone be out the series.
Early morning church, been her for an hour now
passed the scrimmage bit of the skills test, and can be drafted to a home team soon- after passing rules test & time trials.
Some sessions attendees want a presenter for: Ruby for Noobies, Women and Entrepreneurship, UI testing automation, Scraping, Perl --
Ugh this shyt sucks!!
Big thanks to and for organizing the Cinco de Mayhem tailgate. Great food & friends.
#corona #riverside #morenovalley Sell you house or buy a house get back up to a $1000 gift card from me and up to 30k on a short sale
I'm old. That was when I was out of college.
it's worth it. $199 is their best price to date besides being a new customer last year.I have had for years
good work on all access tonight boss. your hair was on point
I have so many questions about that statement... But I'm just not going to ask them... lol
haha wee then. When are you gonna spam Jordan?
I can read people like books I'm always right about guys and I know who is good an who isn't not to brag but
no, no, it's about someone in here. Not you
Cmon let's turn that MIGHT into a HELL YA in goin 2b there! RT: “: I'm not sure yet .. I might stop by with my girl”
Cool, let us know when your reservation is and we'll see if someone is available.
Just being awesome, you know, the usual.. JK I'm a loser (: You?
for a second I thought you meant the mash up artist girl talk. Then I saw the picture and oddly thought of Dakota Fanning.
In order to know who you are you need to know God is
Say no to Slut-Shaming.
Everyone spread the word wear red, black or blue tomorrow to show if you really care about Kony 2012. Let see a change rather then read one.
spied at mike doughty show
He said Jordan will be playing at state fairs... No.
Happy birthday to our one and only awesome capt! Live long and prosper, Amen!
He's definitely more valuable as a starter, I just don't think he'd be as effective, therefore, hurting his value.
We had some meat left over but I think someone took a straw to get the rest of the gravy!
Wanna go do something tonigjht.
R Kelly's Imma flirt never ceases to put me in a good mood.
thank you soo much! so kind of you Eileen. Plz be in touch
really?! i go there every summer
2 Chicks With Chocolate back at their home sweet home--The Chocolate Library--for a tasting this Sunday from 2:00-5:00 PM. 111 St. Marks
The Scalabrine chants in the third quarter of a playoff game is a little much when the Celtics are down 7, no?
yup—that's us :) From our random night on the prowl at the Local.
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded. -Maya Angelou
Lopez falcon followed me then after I followed back unfollowed Lmfao ok
Yay! Glad to hear you're feeling better :)
Real elation is when you feel you could touch a star without standing on tiptoe. ~Doug Larson
What's the biz?
debbie harry was so hot.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 310
Heard that George Benson stopped by the Rhythm Room in Phoenix Sat. to catch Any photos, ?
Thanks for follow ! I know you've got the Bucks 2 help raise the roof but I help bring the heat! Just call!
Homie talking shit, finna peel back his muffin top !
One day a <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A6> felt like he was <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B4> so he went to the bar for some<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>he got so wasted he had to <U+260E> for a <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0095> then he knew he was <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B4>.
Color theme today: orange. Roasted red pepper hummus, carrots, clementines, and peach yogurt. Hmm.
This boing alley I'm at almost makes me want to sign up for foursquare, it's so cool. #hipster #wannabe (but not really)
Nope, sorry didn't get it
Happy St. Patricks day to all of you cool people! Get out there and pinch someone!
Now I have to present in English
We've been attacked by spiders tonight, seriously.
Day 2 of my 5 day fast. Feeling great!
Three private events in the museum this weekend, two of them weddings.
Diaz: The cannot only be by/for Latinos.
I was expecting bigger.
Electronic billboard flashed gun show ad followed by FBI most wanted murder suspect mug shot. Ad$ are ad$.
I'm part chimpanzee and I can tie one. You'll get it.
it never occurs me to use private listening on spotify until after i've listened to something i suppose i should consider embarrassing...
The new is so great! Just bought it off iTunes.
It wasnt bad, im at the park with my siblings right now....for like 3 hours so far
You better figure something out then! Cause floppy cock in a drag show is #notcute lol
The #airbrush we use is the Infinity Advanced Airbrush System. It is the most innovative and uniquely designed system on the market today.
now First Aid Kit Tiny Desk Concert
My inside source is telling me Brad Stevens to Illinois is a done deal
What most persons consider as virtue, after the age of 40 is simply a loss of energy. -Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire
Kindergarten orientation in Mahopac NY, bus driver goes for half hour joy ride with little ones on bus. Hey news, did you hear about this??
No surprise, but last wk's volunteer mtg "minutes" turned in to sup don't include my saying that our org does nothing to retain staff. Oops?
!! Lets get it goin!!
Remember... A content management system is only as good as its content and contributor(s).
:) I lke you also lol :D
thanks! I thought maybe you'd been in a show with someone, somewhere!
What are these "books" things you speak of? Netbooks? Chromebooks?
follow back
Thank you to & other friends who helped us donate 7 large bags of blankets, sheets, & towels to !
Wandering toddler in SE turns out to be 7yr old autistic escape artist. Mom and daughter reunited with a word of advice from the cops.
Just received neat bill through email. My exboyfriend owes 2 companies $3000 and both companies are contacting me to collect
People need to learn how to laugh and not take life so seriously
“: Everyone go follow athlete ” Jack's the Man!!
yeah or or On the Run Media or or RT : Isn't this called cafepress?
Waverly farmers' market. The maple mustard and turkey biscuit was bangin'.
she did a great job with the weather Awesome!
Boom. Thx for sharing. Saw your TEDx talk too. Would love to pick your brain on creativity+purpose + Georgetown!
Sometimes someone has to hurt you deep enough to show they're NOT the right one for you. Learn your lesson and MOVE ON!
Interesting statistical significance in my field research: W/ a Jesus fish and MD plates, one is much more likely to drive like a fuckface.
Quincy acy your the man
WOAHHH THERE PARTNER((; Is this about The boy you told me about the other Day?(;
i'll see you tomorrow buddy
Totally surfed. Apparently all I need is a cute native Hawaiian guiding me and I can rock the waves.
is this what a heart attack feels like? #ncis omfg
Can you follow me i just followed you
If you're in pain today, it's because something GREAT is on its way! Keep pushing!
that's the same thing I thought. It looks like it tho lol.
#WeWontWork so give up.
My New Pick Coming Out Real Soon Traders!
This could be the best time in a generation to be a first-time home buyer.
I make the bath water get clean! RT : that's y yo bath water smell like sausages<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Nights where every single noise and light keeps me awake make me feel like I'm going crazy. Worst feeling ever.
Stanford's AD accepts offer to be next Big 12 Commissioner. Hm.
#iug2012 helper views that are I developed to make things easier for libraries, and also generated views that are automatically defined.
Its faith that keeps me doing, even when it seems like nothing is going to go my way. I cannot image a world without hope.
I am very excite.
With only 3 hours of real sleep im forced to start my day..ugh
Cancers rule baby!!!!! rt if u agree
Good morning everyone! Don't forget to find us and like us on Facebook! :)
Computer Armoires & Hutches: Bush Furniture - Slate Advantage ...
Great review 4 HORROR FOR GOOD, featuring Joe Lansdale, Ramsey Campbell, F Paul Wilson, Benjamin Ethridge, Lisa Morton, and many others.
You really need to be self-aware. Keep dialogue with superiors open and honest
Little Black Dress WTF Wednesday at SUITE w/ DJ Richie Rich July 13th
So excited for #each1teach1 at Women's Night In
Ah, just laying in bed chillin. You're wittle cousin is too cute
Common misconception: Thin people don't have to worry about cholesterol. Wrong! Nobody can eat anything they want and remain #HeartHealthy!
Thanks to the #ixd12 attendes that texted me photos of Guinness drinking. Seriously, no envy at all. None.
One of said dweebs is double fisting w' a gallon of diet coke and a bottle of "Hercule Stout." Other dweeb: raspberry arizona ice tea & H2O.
That's a lovely forecast coinciding with my little Texan's arrival in the North Country today.
but no matter how bad the team is with Utah and NY they always sell out.
HP Virus Scan In Progress.....Still working on a Friday Night...
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<U+26C4>
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade. Then find someone whose life gave them vodka and go get drunk. /via
This guy wont stop starring >.<
Had 3 classes. Showed up for 3 classes.
do the number game old man
I already bought it and i love it!! So awesome!!
and on the saddest note, my best friend. leaves today. All summer long without my ride or die chick? HOW WILL I GO ON??????????
glad you like our #bruins cut away tank by #NHL playoffs
i love you.
Studio today with !
.I'm allergic to nasty .
This week was supposed to be horrible, now it's shaping up to be one of the best this year
i love your tweets they are awesome
I am who I am
": I hate when ppl ask me why I'm single."
everyone deserves it. Forgiving makes u always the better person.
PDI "Know the culture of the workplace and find a place that fits your style."
just made my 1400 tweet. hello #1401 (;
Thanks for your post; it reminded me of the joy my kids gave me at the aquarium yesterday.
CJ Wilson can go right ahead and fuck off.
I hate campers... They tend to piss me off...
Spent the afternoon sorting through a collection of anti-communist ephemera from the early 50s. We got nothing on these guys. Yikes!
favorite tweet slash least-favorite tweet
Now I can go to sleep a happy little girl
#BOYZ #BIEBER together. oh. my. jesus.
If she cant keep a good conversation going then she won't last in my contacts I keep that delete button ACTIVE on my mama tho
ahha me to! & oh, yes. that show look amazing! :)
damn girl, you did it again! I'm lovin' your new mix tape
Can't wait until next year! I'm excited for the new team!<U+E00E><U+E32D><U+E429><U+E418>
Going to see my booboo bear after 59462839 days -___-
Some One Voxer Me?
And now autocorrect has changed really to Sally.
its my birthday and i am 15 and i am now going to change my info
I think I drank too much chocolate milk again. My stomach seems very queasy.
By committing over 10 penalties for over 100 yards, the Cowboys essentially give the opposition a HOF running back.
I live really close to APU it's right Behind taco bell :)
#ochocinco is New England's problem now, good luck to them...
Rumor has it has some sweet swag to give away Friday. Any hints?
Proud of u as always how u taken car of business on dancing with the stars
Monkeys get 10% off at Kimaya on Malas, Jewelry, Bags, Scarves & Statues located in Sunset Place!
GOOD MORNING FUCKERS
I fucking miss you
Marlins Park has fewest number of seats in MLB.
If ur. Not first ur last
but I like that exhibit a lot. Very thorough.
“: Blondes motto = money over everything. #thehairoscope” more like money over bitches
Have fun tonight sunshine!! With !! :::hugs:::
for a sec I thought that said tuna pancakes hahha
I rox wit
Am I the only one on here that doesn't like basketball
Don't hold back all your enthusiasm lol!
Yes, BLT was in the Montgomery Ward building and is part of downtown's 42nd Ward. Why do you ask?
I admit I did not mind if others learned of my involvement in the secret trip, although Pinkerton felt otherwise. We were not on good terms.
What's fun tonight?
Cool! Thanks for the review. Greatly appreciated.
Can anybody tell me why a new loaf of bread is dry the next day?
You da man, Chuck. RT : 79° in #Madison right now. That's 10 degrees above the old record!!! #Middleton is at 82°!
Hm, that year has a familiar ring to it.... 1975... 1975
Night! Been up long enough... Chanting in my mind "Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis when I was dead broke I could picture this"
growing up a diehard Ryno fan, that was one of the best days of my life.
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very appreciative for those who follow PC!
I have so much crap to take to school to get ready at 's house lol
Vauxhall to keep Ellesmere Port plant open Vauxhall has decided to keep its Ellesmere Port factory open and have announced it will build
Thanks for listening! :)
Addictive: Gummi Red Raspberries
Fake troll bait. :|
#team80 so trying to hold my #teamB status
Next stop,
A great insight that came up today in another coaching session: "When we understand our value we don’t feel the need to defend it."
Can we skip to the part of the day where the dancing happens?
Check out flypittsburgh.mobi before August 31 for your chance to win a $400 Travel Voucher from A!
I'm a member of team #linsanity jersey please?!!
Rick Perry got blasted for calling Social Security a Ponzi scheme. Proof positive truth isn't allowed in politics.
Almost 2 AM and im so bored, which is wierd cuz im way jacked up on #redbull atm :S WHO WANTS #SHOUTOUT s !? JUST ASK :)
Amen. RT : reaching out to me isn't a bad start but it's gonna take a lot more than that to be cool.
Today was very fun and HILARIOUS.
Mr. Mahone, I think you should follow us Thank you (: love you ! <3
The transfigured fall silent.
At graduation rehearsal...can't believe this weekend is already here.
School Tomorrow Spring Break is over :(
Hey! Miss you. Apparently, according to Twitter, I'm like you. What a compliment. Hope to see you again some day soon. Hit me up.
In London for the next 2 days. Any recommendations??
the flying biscuit at cameron village... 2 thumbs up
just read the synopsis for your book! Fantastic and you never cease to amaze me.Twitter is great for promotion, you will conquer
Well, Its finally here...Snow and Night at 5pm.
it's called " moving the show" the limbs love to do it
up 255 online.. guy im coachin made 300 hundred tonight.. good luck aT THE TABLES FELLOW TWEETERS
Casting my vote for booking in Dec. Awesome author from Richmond, VA!!
Childish Gambino and Death Cab tickets go on sale in the morning, hit that up! Don't forget - you need to be at Minerva this Saturday!
Forgot my stick at home...spectacular
just saw a guy in plaid shorts in 2012
dairy queen
Lets grab the lead this inning!
Congrats! Way to go BabyGeek!
back after a long hiatus. All is well inn diegoland. How is apel?
I don't even need your love.
Shout Out to my wife!
thanks for the tweet. Great pictures.
Chris Matthews: "Michael, have you ever had a physical reaction to a Romney speech?" Michael Steele: "No, I have not." I Love msnbc!
Its okay, thanks for the follow though :) RT “: sorry i wasn't following you before but now i am <3”
his name is Cinco.
I really enjoy those sodas. Haven't had the rhubarb yet but like the other 3.
HEALTHCARE-15 ?'s to ask to KNOW the quality of your health ins plan and co. www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Order your book today!!!
on one with hit my man up he ain't feelin too hot …Fuego is in 2012 find me
"Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose." - Yoda
yeah, we all know you and your particular passions. Thanks, I'll stick to beer.
cheaters/bad officiating's proof
Working on website with
Just read the article. Have you tried audiobooks from the library to shorten your tbr list? PYM's on audio.
IPFW&#39;s Hospitality Program Receives Prestigious Recognition
#SEM09 Keep the tweets coming. Sad to not be there.
:p lame*
Hey #SFO how about a clear connection for those of us changing terminals! Highly inefficient for biz travelers!
You're welcome. Glad to hear that everyone is happy!
your welcome
The American ideal is to be able to find a job you love.. but with so much people in the job pool.
sneezing right after you put mascara on
i miss my twitter friends .
Some of us wondering how VIVO mgmt might change if there were a complete PubMed VIVO (or other linked data) instance.
That second scene after the ending credits of The Avengers was too funny.
stayed up this late, just to take in that my hero, wouldn't be my hero today, if it wasn't for right now this day when he made "kidrauhl"
As lucky as the man who gets to marry me will be, I still pity him. I'll be his worst nightmare EVERY morning.
Just got a phone call with a job offer! JOB COUNT: 3 :D
Famous Monsters of Filmland has always been a favorite of mine! Nice to see they noticed us!
don't abuse your monopoly on Capitol Hill East. Extreme lines at 7:30 pm on Saturday is a bit much. It's becoming common.
Nothing good is going to come from 8 Tequila shots. PS wrote this earlier & never posted it. My prediction came true, btw....
"I'm yours <3" god I love my boyfriend. Andres and Gabriela FOREVER <3
We were out with yesterday in Philly at and It was amazing! Thanks to both stations for having us!
I wouldn't even waste one cent to see Drake. He sucks. All he talks about is sex.
I still have your book.
adult friends r the best ha !
You say that like it's a good thing.
Hey friends, I am wondering who would like to see us with some local hip hop acts? Damien-
Day 2 of the conference in Denver! Can't wait!
of course!!!! I'll inbox it to u :)
I feel SO good after I work out!
Bags made it. Had to resist driving the truck like the Lambo.
If I'm at #Raw in Boston, I'm asking for a refund about now. Pay to be there live only to watch the big screen?
Looking for NY Ranger play off tickets. Will give you 6 months of free advertising on The Gourmet Mom or 1 free job placement at The Job Ma…
": Well how about that! #OriolesMagic" I second Brotha! Now lets finish the shit!
*big sigh*
state Assembly getting started shortly after 8 p.m., with about 50 bills to take up, it's going to be a long night
Yes please;)
Bachelorette Ashley reminds me a lot with her smile and mannerisms of Mara Wilson (Miracle 34th Street, Matilda).
#OWIF: None of my side knows how to fight and the posse doesn't want to risk touching us, so we've agreed to a dance-off to settle matters.
Brienne is mine :)
making a double disc with this one and last years
I wish formal could just start now
Forget all your sharing, Facebook refused to accept petition with 53K signatures. Guards shooed protesters.
o dear #basketballwives don't tell a girl "i wish you would slap me" & then SUE her once she does.
Soon we will be downtown.waiting for permit.Hope to meet you soon :)
I hope you enjoy it!
Three grown men. Barefoot. Having a foot race in the park. Yeah, I just saw that.
Phoenix Mercury +6
thanks for the #FF! much appreciated
real nice!
Hehe. Poor guy, ya paid to be yelled at.
doin' a play for John-Lewis class ^_^
9-9-9 and Oops! What has happened to the Republican party?
Hi!! Crazy right....Mike had to find a way to get me to the hollywood sign and that show was awesome enough to help him :)
jack johnson is awesome and so are you!
Yooo Real talk was live as hell.. he brought the show alot of energy and he put on for the 2 cities that love him the most
thats good unfortunetly i got a sinus infection
yes! I remember when I had long hair, I thought I would never cut it.
I just photoshoped my baby cousin into a million different backgrounds. now im laughing like an idiot on how funny they are... lol
#FF CAUSE ITS ROCKIN #CHICAGO RIGHT NOW!
All this dude does is argue...loudly. And all this "woman's perspective stuff"
Not wearing a bra is like standing on the top of mt.everest. Wonderful, amazing, an free
I want to be packed by tonight! My flight is at 7am Thur...ouch! lol
Calling in "sick" to work >>
I keep getting notified that Club Bing is closing. I have no memory of using, signing up or even what this is.
- I don't see any Tea in that pic.
Remember it, write it down, take a picture, I don't give a fuuuuuuuck!
It was during one of the games, think OKC, when you were on the court doing your thing haha don't think I was the only one
He always sings the A Team. I wish he would sing Wake Me Up, or Lego House. Bluh. BUT I LOVE THIS.
I never got my PhD, so you can't call me Dr.Sergei. But i got my master's. So call me Master Sergei.
In meeting with the 90th PCT! NYPD the BEST
I told my friend I knew her Apple ID password, I said it has a capital letter and a number in it...her dumbass went to change it -.-
Also the subject of a possible Cult Spark series I've been mulling: "Things That Should Be Movies By Now."
hey, didja get my email last week about visiting Nashville?
Live with more random mainstream tracks. we well see if my mic works. join me in the chatroom either way.
All new bands coming this month! Keep reading!!
If you leave me without a reason, don't come back with an excuse.
Welcome to Los Angeles if only for a little while! Fly safely and G'day Mate. I love you xo
Wow! Shumpert's looked even worse than Rose's.
time flies when your not saving work in photoshop.
My students had fun with taxonomic work. What do words "electronic" and "literature" mean in #elit?
I wish he was awake with me.
"XYZ" - Third Grade Me
2 weeks til Christmas.. Holy F!!
Hanged myself today to a chorus of burned orphans. Yay comedy.
today is a and kind of day! #summernights on repeat :)
I just want to go to sleep
Looking for an affordable, workable document management program for my 17-lawyer firm
NOW PLAYING "I MISS YOU" BEYONCE
All you need is trust
#x24 Mexico. Practiced in early Feb. 4 major quake & collaboration---helped w US-Mexico response in major way. Fruit of x24 Mexico 4 all
not all gov docs are PURLed. over 1400 servers hosting gov docs. can't expect stats from 1400 sites
on this upcoming Ustream you should sneak in and kiss Austin on the cheek if you can!(: ~Sara
good job responding like days later
What local #Indiana businesses will you be supporting this weekend?
I'm guessing the internet outage was storm related because it is back on!
Chocolate Ale day! HopSlam day!
thats bad! ;( i hope you feel better now.
A: Be it the unnecessary testing or X-Rays, unnecessary length of stay... cut down on that. Emphasis on nursing.
Working on a hot sauce recipe
You "damn near" made me go back to my old ways, but I've come to like being conservative bout who I let feel this Dick.. Lol
Yep. We spoke for about 20 min and plan to speak again sometime soon. Thanks!
The day I get to wear Givenchy...
My boss, , and I have decided there should be a 16-step program for people who try to do to much.
RT : You win some, you lose some... just make sure the outcome is income.
Thoughts on PRK? My wife is having the procedure on Friday and wants to know your experience.
Its an 80's #danceparty at the gym! Time to get moving!
We can look back at our past decisions with compassion for ourselves, realize they were mis-takes of the situation, and embrace the lesson.
yea I'm not beautiful
this happens to me a lot, too, by prof orgs and publications. Guess Tom doesn't have same gravity as Thomas?
I used to be an eBay powerseller. During summer, give a week. Shouldn't have to, but... Also, send a message directly to seller.
I didn't, no. I'll have to check it out ASAP if it's worthy of a LOL!
Really enjoying listening to REM's Murmur this morning.
Thanks so much! Looking forward to it :)
Friday’s set ran two-and-a-half hours, with Mr. McCartney constantly onstage, and it had 35 songs, not counting a few additional excerpts.
Walkin dt sz right now solo someone step to me it's over
Join us on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS to hear from political analyst David Schultz at 6:10. We're talking about Iowa results.
ha, unless there was brain flavored ice cream.
its hard to please everybody so ima just worry about pleasing me (now im talkin about you) since you always think im talkin about you lol
I just tap everywhere haha
Can't I just go back home curl up on the couch with a blanket and watch movies all day....
Wishing everyone a happy Thanksgiving!
Pushing social apps to creative edge is great, - turning every app into duck tape makes them less effective tools.
sounds like someone is trotting out a variant of the "color blindness paradigm" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Sixteen Candles is my favorite movie of all time! I couldn't make it, though. That's alright. I already know it by heart.
Hm... your manifesto? no wait, I know this one... the calendar! saaaweeeet!
at Work lol
haha urban dictionary it
#FavoriteLyricOfAllTime "don't break hearts and try to shake hands cause we're living in a time of living's last chance"
if by saint you mean somebody who laughs at his own jokes or celebrates the cultural history of Buffalo, NY
haha i like your optimism
Aw shit!! I almost got caught up!!
In book two.
No, go jump into a volcanoe.
It's 10:45am...?? Why are you tweeting about sex? Keep it classy kiddos
#uwmediacenter Robert Garfias' Marimba Music from Mexico is ensembling. 8 hands, 1 marimba. A UW press release from the late 60s.
Haha good stuff. Funny but #wtf. I'll keep my eye out for more :)
Up early getting it in... Haan...
Nice looks like and Shed will be re uniting a little malice in the palace
I once tried merging my LA clothes into my NYC closet and two trenchcoats stabbed an Ed Hardy hat.
API presentation went very well. Can't wait to launch!
Hm okay digestive system. Go ahead and wait til I have to clean the bathroom to want to take a shit! Haha.
Biggest surprise ever! But I love Abby because I remember her from her Degrassi Days! I loved her & Shenae Grimes(:
I mean, I saw past the bowl cut, makes sense that I saw past the glow of your skin too.
Thanks for the add! Maybe we can get a shout out?!? BostonOnTheRun needs more followers!
Holy shit, is WV minimum wage really only $7.25?! $11/hr. for 8 hours 5 days per week = #makingbank No wonder this state is so poor.
lmao...u kno he sound like his breath stank!
At the at USC
That's a funny name. You're a funny guy!
I hear you guys will be performing at Disneyland on Saturday?? Should I make the trip to the magical land?? :)
On Twitter a content strategy + a network strategy = influence says
Way too early for me.
Spurs had awesome poster giveaways at games. Wish I still had them.
hey we're gonna try some of that veggie cheese at food lion on a veggie burger :D
Watchin spongebob again i wonder if ima wake up on time
Environmentalism's results only look like failure if you haven't had to live w/o them. Not to say we've *succeeded*.
#drupalcon "Patience is not a virtue -- it's a requirement." -- Robin Barre
I hate how I have the strangest dreams almost every night
Michael Jordan has ten scoring titles. Kobe has two. Just another nod to His Airness.
I want to be where you are.
thanks! We can't wait either.
sounds awful
I wish it was great.. Oh well! I'll get weave. Aha.
ahah aw, next time! promise
Watching horrible bosses trying not to fall asleep.
Whats "interracial" to you? I am Puerto Rican babe. Am I not considered "Interracial" but this is not todays topic
Thank YOU Tim: I've booked three films since March 1 using your techniques... not to mention coaching actor pals
Watz with that the girls cry,faint or scream I wanna know
Yayy!! I'm finally out of school!! Christmas break is finally here!((:
I'm waiting for you to start the conversation first. I wanna know how much you miss me
Working Sugars tonight, sugarsperfect.com Austin.
If you lend someone $20 and never see that person again, it was probably worth it.
They shot up buck truck he facing fed time when they shot up my truck ain't make no headlines-
: REPCO IS OFFERING NEW & USED GAYLORD BOXES FOR IMMEDIATE DELIVERY- CALL TODAY 561-721-3400
I will be in #NY in three weeks! And yes, stay true to the 512!
Hahaha. You know what's crazy? You're still in the playoff picture!
#MLA - everyone is gearing up for #ALOA 2012 in Las Vegas. Just found out -#ALOA 2013 is in Baltimore, MD.
that's the problem in churches now Brother
Hospital? What happened?
why did u work out..
Check out my Super Bowl preview show that aired earlier today on SEN 1116 in Melbourne and my Super Bowl picks at www.thechiefsports.com
Literally, no sarcasm intended.
Restaurant: impossible is a really addicting show to watch!
Such a nice day outside. Maybe you should drop in, get a book, and go read in the park?
im so tiredd<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Listening to some great 60's music with my roommate. It's in his kiiiissss...
thanks for following! Look forward to reading your tweets.
Pleasure meeting you as well!
he is thanks
Mr. Nelson steps up, Bruins win going away.
I need a treadmill.
"Britney is an unparalleled superstar. Her success in the music industry over the last 2 decades makes her a perfect fit" -President of FOX
Hi hun, Thanks, how are you?
looking forward to hearing it from Creative Minds
Determine up front the potential lifetime value of a customer and how far you can afford to go to retain each one.
You don't know who my favorite characters are!
Happy Super Bowl Sunday! What are everyone's plans today in Cleveland for the game?
"If you're paying them to touch you then they're not a stranger." -- What I blurted out in English class while talking about massages.
I could use a vacation! Nothing would be better than going to Hawaii and staying at your Castle. www.CastleInHawaii.com :)
Be performing Wednesday.. And Sunday night!
RT : #dsum12 China is a growing online market outpacing the US of new online users.
Rest in peace, Etta James
Diamondbacks Select Trevor Bauer RHP from UCLA with 3rd Overall Pick and Archie Bradley RHP From Broken Arrow Sr HS in Oklahoma 7th overall
these moments are the last of an era. good or bad, it's been real. but everything is about to change, and i hope im ready.
my old one is really old and the boys took it from me. :(
awesome. Good job!
Parkrose High School is hella gay !
thank you, let's do 9am est, can you DM your email to me and I'll send the GTM info along.. cc:
Rise and Grind !
Good workout in the morning *keeps repeating*
I wonder if a new iMac will be introduced during the WWDC. That would be nice.
Surgical Instruments? nose surgery | Aesthetic surgery
pick me up a monocle! And a top hat...and a cane...and some midgets...and 200 lbs of the shit they put in lava lamps. Thanks
haha OH YEAH!!!
Happy New Years to you too!
Hello Monday, you heartless sonafabitch. We meet again.
Got to do some serious thinking! Can't afford to make anymore mistakes!
it was so wonderful seeing you! needs to happen more often before you graduate!
Well now I look like the asshole when it shows a tweet that says I unfollowed someone. I don't even know lost of you people!
Sad to hear about Adam Yauch. Way too young to die...
Well maybe Victor can fight him after he loses to Berto next month
I am great too, just have to get ready to go to work. Have a great day.
he is awfully bear-like. I worry that if I met a bear, I'd try to hug its head.
I'm about to pee on myself. 3 minutes from home!!!
you're a genius! I forgot to ask, how was that dessert?
Nice talking to producers from OWN... You have a lot of people at OWN again you are Oprah! #PackABag&Go!
ALL CHECK OUT OUR WEBSITE www.createmoneyweb.com WE ARE HAVING A MAJOR SALE NOW ON OUR BOOK
yay! Thank you!
Great to see the #NewsBurst back again. Cool graphics to start as well. Great weekend to all.
I've got those faces you have!!<U+E105><U+E057><U+E419>
Got the car emissions tested way to early this morning. DC testing center closing at 1pm today due to heat. Now: at Pound on the Hill.
working duh!
5 Floyd Mayweather Quotes on Pacquiao, Having Respect and Playing Mind Games: Fan&#39;s Look
Stop by and have a cocktail at tonight with me for the #parkaveholidayfest !!!! 5-9
I see book # 2 coming out next year! :-)
RT : Oh, My bad.. I'm sorry for bothering you. I forgot I only exist when you need me for something."
Time for me to get a new iphone
Ive already undone my belt to ensure there is plenty of room. haha.
- wow, thanks for the follow but why me after 28,000 followers?
a beautiful flabby butt ----> I stare
and then #jimsteaks and then
To come to God fully, we must be willing to humbly surrender our lives to Him and to rest in His love and power. -James P. Gills, M.D.
I love you Will you marry me in the AT&T Center?
bulletproof condom when im in these hoes
Always cheefing to the good times...
also can't wait 2 see u n Nostaglia: A Tap Movie. I go way back with Johnnie & his parents! The trailer looks awesome!!!
A career made from name-calling. RT : Ann Coulter called Ted Kennedy "human pestilence" and was bleeped on MoJoe for calling...
Morning beautiful ppl
That awkward moment when you have 10 tabs open and you cant figure out which one the music is coming from.
The sinuses are doing funky things today. Glad there are plenty of leftovers in the fridge for supper. Hint, hint
May 28th Jenfek will be at the money in rock hill sc. . .come out and have fun with us!!
skipped the gym again this morning. Feeling a little overtired/woozy. Can I skip this week and go straight to vacation?
Its currently trending in Chicago and Boston :] RT : so why isnt MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE still trending?!
it is tasty tasty!
Kayaking expert launches push for conservation, safety
...DON'T be a DRAG...just BE A QUEEN!!! ;-) #DRAMATIC&WHINYWOMEN
Sleepy, yet again
GO SPURS GO!!!
<U+200E>"Been down one time Been down two times Never going back again."
RT : Q4) would recognize that learning is active, personal, reflective, desirable, fun
Being used for weed.
#GoTribe Let's go tribe.
It's gonna feel good to sleep in tmrw !
Did lots of cleaning around the house. Bringing a new meaning to #SpringCleaning lots of detoxing around the house, then its the body detox!
would you happen to have a tumblr?
If you want to up the wackiness/confusion, the Israeli slang term for balls/nads is literally the Hebrew word for "eggs."
I have the card (if I can ever find it again). I asked, and got, permission to keep it. Longer story than can fit in a tweet.
i just have one queston... do you like latin girls and if you do then im very happy ! <3
hey man whats up?
I was just told I have a "fucking real ass booty" great..Hubbard here I come!
Please follow
Thanks for the visit & sharing! “: It was an honor to meet the folks first time in Madison, fantastic school
#YoStruggleAintRealIf RT Some stupid crap trends on Twitter
"Just wanted to say your guy did an AWESOME job! My wife and I are both very happy with the work." Thanks Cory in Parker, glad to help!
It's Hard To Not Miss Someone You Love ! #ImaLivinqWitness !
Come on now Kim arent u from there u shld "know" what they're sayin by now. lol
"language and music evolved—culturally over millennia—for us", not the other way around? a provoking perspective from
How you like this one? For all you haters that talk behind my back, while you're back there bend down and kiss my ass.
Nice work !! Hike up your prices and then dump your server. No streaming when I want it, why would I pay more for that?
they all hit the big 10 year reunion this fall...then *sniff* they have to just be friends with me
bitch crazy
when is your show coming back on?
Bored going to play guitar for a lil. PC4PC???
you are most welcome! Hope you have an enjoyable evening!
wut u think of that Dope Boy Fantasies joint?...came up w/ that when I was locked...
From the LORD comes deliverance. May your blessing be on your people. Psalm 3:8
This is not #MayDay. Just another reminder of how "the Protester" has ran around uncontrolled for the last year.
hover over the toilet , don't get it on the floor!!
Overheard at #BWI: ''Do you need directions?'' ''No, we just need to know where to go.''
I'm kind of surprised that they stocked that much of the stuff away. And that it's only $1.70/btl almost 7 years later.
mental models might need to change to allow open space & tolerance for playful, systemic learning, with students at the center
#Drinking game idea: Take a shot every time praises something "fatty." I love
Macon experiencing an arts renaissance
that's not even a decision! RANGE!
i wonder if there's a correlation between personality characteristics and what row you choose to sit on? little lonely on this front row :)
why yes i have..but this TT is abt BLACK girls not WHITE girls..so why do you have to drag them into this
The sky is clear, sun is out. But there is a chill blowing in from Ithaca...I gotta feeling...
Thanks to all the people who have supported Tech Entrepreneurs Week, 2012 event is now here!
Nothing out of the ordinary, but have plenty of season-ending features.
Long time no see my friend. How are you?
lmao depressing. Tryin on clothes at the mall that you can't have.
RT: Uhm, wow: "Content strategy facilitates effective participation in the world." #ConFab12 | Elegantly stated.
Just realized that I need to re-babyproof my house. Boo.
Can't stop, won't stop! Nice job!! “: Another WIN...let's keep the streak alive!”
With explosion?
Thanks for the follow! Love your mission
Form the habit of saying yes to your own potential.
Holiday traditions #rwtastingcrew wants to bring back: coming home, open 1 present early, chocolate liquers, street-themed decorations
did anyone else think the birthing parts were a little disturbing? loved the dance sequences though, gaga is queen
Missed seeing you today bf <3 #Tomorrow;)
im good for whatever
U know u smoking good when U have to grab a couple dutch's instead of rello's
Just met leaving his restaurant El Paseo! Very friendly and a real treat for me! Just wish I would have snapped a picture.
Really stressing this whole move thing... I am not looking forward to being a days drive apart from my fiancée.
RT : Thanks for our sake cheat sheet RT! (Say that three times fast!) ^<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>!
Aha same
Tonight (since I'm not rich) I will have to settle for ' #Titanic documentary.
its interesting how most of them niggas be wanting to make a sex tape but then dont know what the fuck they be doing on it
What colors do you see when you close your eyes? I'll tell you in about 5 minutes.
Nate said to me tonight (I quote) "if I eat any peas or corn I will die"
Ok Morgan Is Somewhere (hiding from me) so I took her iPod and got on her twitter :))) so who talks to Morgan on here!????? Haha -Eric :D
Pass the ball!! Pass it to jordy Nelson not James Jones!!
Oh things are about to happen ! Please stay tuned! Also go follow us on instagram Creator_hxc
Depression is epidemic among seniors due to loss of control, isolation. Internet usage by seniors reduces depression 20%
That shit doesn't sit well with me.
I am so tired. I was #productive today at least!
I know..thats why i fuck with you homie...
Sweet lunch at Bang Bang with and ! great seeing you guys!
“: What do you hate? Me?!” more of a tough love for
Thanks Rob and thank you Coach for the interview
This next hour needs to go by fast
Jamming to makes my work day awesome.
Getting my hairs cut
Thanks for the shout out!! There are a lot of stage directions who love you. Just remember that.
You're the best, bro! Love you too. I'm gonna miss you so much when you leave.
Loved the opening set by These United States...
Farewell, Cleveland...
No I havent i was going to but there was an accident and i couldn't make it to London but I hope I can go there someday
#ruby developers, I've got a cool product for you to work on, that especially resonates with coding community. Contact me
good luck today!
The world has lost one of it's greatest treasures and a modern visionary. Rest in peace, SJ. www.apple.com/stevejobs/
I want yogurt (y) yuuummm <3
#signofthetimes Popular MLB teams(Yankees,BoSox,Dodgers,Cardinals)have more fans at away games then small market home teams
They're calling the penalty "checking from behind." I've only heard that called in Pee Wee hockey, I thought it was boarding in the NHL.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
OMG JUST STOP. YOUR SPAMMING MY INTERACTIONS.
That's why I am extremely careful about which apps I give control to my Twitter account. I've revoked access from almost all.
Thanks! You too!
Give your heart a break <U+2764>
its okay it was me
Stunned by the loss of Andrew Breitbart. Condolences to family, friends. Huge loss for all.
I am ALWAYS there for Saving Earth..Lets Unite!!!! Our Mother Planet needs us!
Debutante Gloves are now available at www.lacrasiagloves.com Look your best....
Who's up for trying some of our Yummy Medicated Carmel Corn at #HempCon?
Ice cream sounds so good right now.
CJ wants to know why is he wearing his dads hat?
Ohh man, looks like I'm having pancakes for lunch.. this looks too good to wait until morning for :)
Anytime. We're picking up great info from your tweets
Have you seen Esh ride a bike? Scary. Your twin instincts were right! I was at the museum of Science&Ind - WITHOUT you! sry
congratulations on all your accomplishments hope u enjoyed thanksgiving who do you run for?
Oh my gosh I think it might rain! Hot dog!
Welcome to Arrae Creative. We're here to change the world. What are you here to do?
Lol with Ryan on my way to Bellevue. slightly tipsy.
Christmas wouldn't be the same without...
RT - #10thingsidrelive I went to a Miami dolphins game with my dad and uncle and had alot of fun
Breaking news: New "Avengers" movie on track to make 8 zillion dollars opening weekend.
thanks big man do me a favor follow back
updates and pictures
Thanks for your interest! I will look into it and see what I can do about a video :)
crying my eyes out knowing how worthless i am to everyone..
There is traffic on the Willy B bridge every weekend. Yo! MTA keep the damn L running till at least 11pm.
Beautiful Alasia! Thanks for sharing the evening with all the RED RIBBON MODELS and last night
thanks...I didn't know you went there. Cool. You could speak about chewy pleasures!
Although if my subconscious comes up with a story about Ewoks in this universe, I'm punching it.
Not stadium sanctioned. Just between friends to keep it interesting!
Guy: SUCK IT! Girl: Sorry, small objects are a choking hazard.
MY COMPUTER WON'T WORK & I WANNA CHECK THE #1GIRL TOUR TICKETS .__.
That`s very nice! Thank you & Happy Birthday!
and I will both be there! Can't wait!
Strong feelings about federation of SAA and the regionals #saa11 606 Thought about it?
Pardon me....welcome my parents are finally on twitter! Scary..
Pau Gasol? What, is he too good for the "l?"
Got back home from an evening #P90X plyometrics workout.
Going to see about a job, 'cuz I'm industrious like that.
When you wonder about something 24/7 and then it finally clicks
Working hard on the UNAI film!
it just took me four tries to spell that last one correctly
Ima Give ya enough credit to go around girl :) your real pretty too ;)
Stealin' a break when I can....
Kevin Durant 37min. LaMarcus Aldridge 10min. K.D. is great, but Scott Brooks is like a grade school coach playing his son.
I'm single again , back on the prowl , I thought it was perfect , I don't know how
Awesome playoff games this wknd featuring 5 SB MVPs: Brees, E. Manning, Brady, Rodgers, and of course, our own Ray Lewis...
whats good fam. looking for sponsors for my new radio show at Howard U. Get wit me
hey man
Here's why FB/suicide stuff is so complex: NFL players 52% more likely to die of coronary issues than gen. population. Do we care as much?
Father's Day will be here before you know it! Stop in to pick up a Copper Kettle Gift card or make an appointment!
sweet man we'll look into all of those. Thanks!
and now you're #1 on my list of favorite people, congratulations. I'm proud of you! *tears in eyes*
Im not going to do anything w/ the play. Its going to do something w/ me.
Still havin' a little trouble with the whole "hearing" thing
nothing. Use the money you would spend & donate it to a charity that means something to both of you.
Thinking of returning
Daryl...thank you so much. I have to keep encouraging others.
almost got it...well, part of that one part of the part I like..
Twitter loves, how do I best utilize my new(ish) LinkedIn account? Do you fellow LinkedIn-ers like it?
I sent you a DM, you should be able to reply to it. Also if you type cap D space than person u r sending message to.
Saw #HAIR in college and was bored by it. Saw #HAIR over the weekend and loved it. I'm either getting old or getting cultured. Either is ok.
well, if i decide not to go to the village, i'll join you.. yes, i'm inviting myself :)
Chiropractors do work!
Gotta live a recipe that calls for "one quarter-cup olive oil, or more, as needed."
u black with marilyn manson posters on yo wall
If all you ever do is the best you can well then you did it man
has a rainbow penis
he saw a video the once mad woman had made of herself interrogating a makeshift lover.
How was everyone's new year? Whose excited to hear music from us in 2012!!?!?!?
I mentioned comics earlier. The sad thing is, even though I bought them today, I can't touch em til tomorrow...
If happy ever after did exist.........
Thanks for the follow back. Since you like #scifi, I hope you'll check out my stories and let me know what you think
omg seriously! omg airports are like my worst nightmare omfg
Is trying not to blow it.
Free lobster enchiladas in the back of the Granada, hurry!
You're welcome! I've left you one on the guest post too.
May your pockets be heavy and your heart be light, May good luck pursue you each morning and night. ~Irish Blessing
holy shit how do i respond to that
I actually love playing the other side on a grammer debate. Fun stuff.
I'm officially done with my first semester of #college! AND I #graduate from #highschool tonight! Its been a #great and #bittersweet day!!
Wide awake now
FEAR NOT. Atmospheric mayhem is VUNDAFUL. Just enjoy the chaos and take solace in knowing God is in control.
Congrats for your climb in the polls! Although this is NOT getting you out of the mansion grass cuttin' duties
We're in Tahoe!
thanks for the RT!
GET LOUD BOSTON!!!
ur from Michigan??? Me too ! No wonder I like you so much. Fun 2 c u !
did they ever announce who/when the regional championships will be broadcast? Regards.
I'm pretty sure I got enough right to get an A in the class :) it was just an intro class and just 50 multiple choice q's
Also hoping to find a couple other guys to add to next years XC team. Have commitments from 5 guys thus far and working on a couple more
RT “: 1st election w/photo ID required & it seems to have run well. Proof that voter suppression still works.”
Lots of great work to be done with Gaipa's "new tools for discovery" using MJP.
I think you have the wrong Erin.
oh I was. Even ran into tonight. RT “: Thanks, Seth. I figured u would be out and about tonight”
*SNEEZE* sorry, im allergic to bullshit.... :)
i can take u somewhere real far mentally <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083>…jk
Well that final was shit
Another 3 day weekend for the market to stock pile cash. Now the rally to deploy the loot. $GS over 100 again. Get the short trigger ready
I'm so pumped to be going to Notre Dame for basketball camp this year! Maybe I'll see
why you all up on my twitter.? (;
If #Romney wraps up the nomination by South Carolina then this be the most anti-climatic (and boring) primaries ever.
might be a toss up!
I LIKE BOTH IDEAS.
Thank you for all of the retweets cheers to healthy vision!
Arguing over Facebook is the special Olympics, even if you win you're retarded.
One day I was late for school and I forgot I had an exam that morning, my teacher wouldn't let me sit my exam so I told him my bus got bo...
My feet are killing me!!!!
OMG! What? When? OMG!!!!!! I am beyond excited for you and a little jealous but in a good way :)
Is it considered day drinking if it's the weekend?
Productivity Mode ON!!!!!
Rematch in June!!!!!
C J Watson is trash!!!
sittin here in my boxer thinkin wtf should i do today i know il jack it all day and see how many times i can nut oh theres 1
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know
Getting my groove on w
Lisa visits her dream school after she worries about turning out like Marge on tonight's episode of The Simpsons at 5!
Wow you guys, potentially a big night for the Butterscotch Stallion!
RT : Tonighy is Ladies Night at Z-Two!! Ladies drink FREE 9-11pm! Live entertainment 8-12am (Stop by & see our work here too!)
Why do we need another show that talks about Howard? How about more live shows from him?
How is the tour going? Im still talking about your concert in Kentucky at the Yum Center. also attended Home Again tour 97. GOOD TIMES :-)
ahhaah , im done.
White House and Gen Y Fund Place Hope in Young Entrepreneurs
What scary is a dark room. With a closet jus open.
Unreal, just bumped in to Jeremy Sole! <U+2665>
knock on wood, in a month or so
YES! I knew saying "No" to Julia Roberts was a good decision.
Baby High? I clicked on it thinking (hoping?) somebody had video of a baby smoking kush. I just kept thinking "please don't be black!"
Oh those clove cigarettes. And the heat. Happy trails!
RT : Nothing will improve a person's hearing more than sincere praise.
George Gervin? No kids...that Ja'Vale McGee....with the finger roll.
I followed admiral bieber
Yolo can't save you now
Haha, that's a wise move. Thanks! I was glad to find you here as well. :)
#hth2012 Alford: now up to talk about the US Civil War
one of the greatest bands of all time! In my opinion :)
Even I don't get those spam bots. Maybe it's because I work for The Empire in secret.
Productivity is word for the day. Bathroom has already been scrubbed!
All I wanna do is bass
RT If we get rid of throwing at batsmen what will be next? Blacks in the game? Traditions must be upheld!
What is SEP IRA? A SEP IRA is a type of traditional IRA for self-employed individuals or small business owners. (SEP stands for...
Thank you!
Hotel must scrap menu for my #foodallergy: minestrone, caesar, tomato salad, chicken parm, pasta w/alfredo, tiramisu and cheesecake. EEk.
Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you were. - Cherie Carter-Scott
#factaboutme I loose things really easily.....where did my iPod go?
follow me whore
!?week fashion figured full jersey new as thing a such there's
Wow.. Whitney Houston news is taking off like a rocket. The heart disease was a bit unexpected.
haha :) that's cool, later on at night I'm going to a party
MyCity promo girls are giving out lots of FREE brand swag this weekend at our product promotions, stay tuned for times and locations!
what's the diff btwn RT and replying, how do I RT but add something to it... quote it?
Alshire commends court for process, suggests #atxcouncil was not as transparent
Tourette's, or an outburst of indignation?
It was amazing. I have a lot of memories out there... We won too! (& again tonight!)
It's a good thing... It's a talk we all need to have
Was it like regular dinner or breakfast for dinner
before Chandler? Yes!
I'm here getting ready to go to sleep haha
Wouldn't that start to get stale after 4 years or so?
Yeah, but are we in the business of making Tebow successful or making the Broncos successful?
Momma ducks + baby chicks while out on my walk this morning ...
what a treat - Marlen Scardamalia talking about knowledge generation
gotta cut georgia a little slack tonight; trey thompkins was out with a bum ankle
I sure need to tweet more...maybe when vacation starts..,tomorrow!!
What's up with this rain
Why I keep falling for the same bullshit, I'll never know. I wish I'd never been born.
Absolutely. RT We gotta live together before we get married. PERIOD.
Tune-in to Hot 1035 right now to soundtrack this gorgeous Sunday with ME!
got you on the followback - thanks!
Thanks - got fuel. All set. Shell on Northern and Falls is working.
95% chance notary bill is dead!
Working on the new website! About to go beta. Watch out!
Hallmark Card: Happy Birthday! You look great for your age
How many of you have made amends with someone recently? If you haven't is there anyone that you would like to with?
$30 for single player and DLC, and $30 for MP and DLC. fair?
at school...wicked tired! I can't wait to get home. Cederdale tomorrow... about 3.5 days left of school then vaca!!! YAAY!!! :)
I am doing the exact same thing! Just enjoying my family, the beautiful weather, and this wonderful day!
STL BLUES.....WA :-( maybe next year boys! Fantastic season! Way to go Kings!
how was my movie?
Updated #EMS #BLS Maryland protocols? Boom.
unless of course you have them in your bracket which I can't claim!
:Hey, Guys! Randy Savage was a great guy, and at times, he was good for a laugh. He was one of the best. Remember....
Four white men from St Louis just stopped me and prayed for me on Michigan Ave! WOW... I am humbled!
YES! Haha and your dad and grandpa was there! Embarrassing <U+263A>
What a day! And more tomorrow!
Miss Sign-In-With-Ill-Grace-When-Reminded is in today. Co-worker in storytime room yelling at someone on the phone. I need a vacation.
Volunteer w/ them, but reach out to Darrian Mack if you want to link with TGI...dm if you need contact info
I am #interested to see how Tony Soprano does with #myJets. He might work, he might not.
Driving through Cambria, CA along the coast. Very scenic.
Star wars and beastie boys all day. May the fourth be with u.
Please follow me!
This child of mine is doing the most smh
Very quiet in our building today, just us and the skeleton crew at the radio stations upstairs.
Great to see you too, thanks for coming out!
2 da NFL:It really isn't very smart 2 be so greedy!People adore their illusions.If u go 2 far they will push back&u will accept loss 4 now.
well not really but its a step in the right direction
And here comes the one night of the year when browns fans are actually happy about football!
Can't wait for older cuzzo's birthday party! 8D Too bad I'll miss tonight's hockey game but whatever :)
Happy Birthday to one of Baltimore's finest #JoeFlacco !
If you got an icon of your body and not your face, I automatically think you're ugly.
Actors Bootcamp was a hUGE success! Many thanks to all of the guest instructors who shared there expertise today! !
Sad, Dick Clark is gone. #Dick Clark
Ahah, I actually think it's worth writing home about. That's why I'm writing it :D
Saw your short "Plastered," freaking hilarious! Best film at the Alameda festival hands down (or up).
20 years from now, imagine dolphins that grew up on iPads.
"rejectionist orthodoxy and rigid opposition" pretty much sums up the modern day Republican Party, sadly.
I don't think they were a favorite. Just saying that he did mentioned them when talking to me earlier this summer.
75% of readers come to the site specifically to find something cool to share. - at
Did you say something after 'bulging?' Oh wait, never mind.
Feel asleep before 8pm last night! Boy I sure needed that after 2 workouts yesterday! Feel so rested, refreshed & ready 2 change the world!
happy mothers day.
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 10
Mikael: A valid use case for Dublin Core, still today: as "mapping target"
haha you had me going there for a sec(;
New York Giants 1/2 ' ‘ny ’ Pendant – 10KT Gold Jewelry
thanks for your support!
If monday was a person, I'd slap it.
#ff right back at you both! xx
Couldn't agree more. Knowing when to shut up is a tough lesson to learn but an important one.
looks like its time for you to make your way down to Milwaukee
You can't stop progress.
did you get info you wanted? avoid appraisers who offer to buy your coins. Going to my first appraisal for old coins...
Episode One, Season Four. #SATC halfway through, not including the two movies.
Life is good.
Happy 20th anniversary #BuyNothingDay. You had me at hello.
wow. I never even knew other web-based document editing existed outside google-docs
I have nipples greg. Could you milk me?
Asking for help is not a weakness.
Just put my deposited down and singed my lease on my apartment ..,!!!!!
When I go to retweet someone and their tweets are protected -____-
you look great!!! And you get your caffeine fix life is good.
LOL omg , my mom dancing in my room. #Weirdo #PleaseGetOutOfMyRoom !
Just starting a fabulous day! :) I will be doing complimentary health screenings today @ Golf Fest Northwest from 6pm-8pm. Come on by!
thanks for the follow
can't wait for the basketball
Zuzanna - come on down to the tech cave!
why is 2 chainz trending....artist like him are who gives hip hop a bad name.
We're playing at the blue room on Alexander street in Rochester tonight starting at 9. Come join us. $5 cover
I've got 2 new tracks out, have you heard them?
i like how everyone on Twitter thinks their a relationship expert. -__-
A comfort zone is neither good nor bad. You just need to notice when it has stopped serving you. -Brenda Anderson, Playing the Quantum Field
Thanks! I'm going to see her speak in April -- excited about that.
true, yours was real, but just reminded me of a couple words I absolutely hate to hear
I could've told Mom how a guy almost stole my iPod, but that would've launched the "You never should've moved to NYC" speech.
Did you want a Mac or Windows version of CS 5.5?
“: Joe jonas is annoying me to no end he's not the least bit funny to me” THIS.
sometimes I wanna sleep for a whole year , just to miss out on all the bullshit.
we need a song together brother! Love yah production! Bless up
Then why can't I even get an interview with my military exp? Have 2 support my mom who lost her job because of ur CB laws
Trust is like glass; Once its broken, it will never be the same again...
Hey #Flyers, thought you didn't like it when teams play the 1-3-1....
Sweet love by = instruction guide on how to have GOOD sex <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Cool. I expect regular Pike visits from u! We will have an extra bottle of Jack on hand now!
Perfect evening so far. Singing, cooking, dancing with the lady! Craving some right now to make the night even better!
not feel so good :(
Well obviously because you called me retarded and such, but that makes me laugh more
We just MC Escher-ed this parking garage.
hahahaha. that's gotta be a sight...
I haven't been on in a while. WHADDUP GUISE.
Let me work something out then!
omyword haha you two! I can see you two talking about this Monday and bugging me lol. And its HANNAH. not Helen!!
as much as i love Nina...the live Donny version. whew!
U did a good Job with the tribute 2 Whitney but as said it ws hard 2 watch. Whitney that song belongs 2 u 4 all time
Me gots to stay inside today where its safe or I will just #burn #baby #burn! #Chi...#2hot2handle!
Aww, I love her so. She'll just move on to bigger & better things.
where r u from?
follow me on Twitter and I'll Follow you [:
I always wanted a photo of that sign. Very sad.
Following up forthwith. Thanks.
Stegosaurus. That was easy to hear in her voice.
Peter Pan<U+E056>
Haha! I hope your invisible cat survives!
Thanks for the follows!
Time for some chocolate milk.
Congrats to my hubby Bob who finished the San Antonio Rock n Roll 1/2 Marathon with a time of 1:46:05!! Not bad for a soon to be 58 yr old!!
What's your Facebook link?
There will always be thousands of people to tell you it can't be done.
I havent disappeared! Im still here.
Where can I see screenshots of your sdk in action? (other than the one on the front page?)
My room is such a mess I can't even find my bed <U+E40D> Who wants to come over and help me find my bed ! <U+E415> LMAO , that sounds so wrong <U+E105>
Apparently our pentagraph is inverted & we're waiting 4 the "super techs" to show up to hopefully fix it. Srsly that's what announcer said
Private party in Blue Bar tonight. Don't worry, though - we've got you covered. Please join us for Happy Hour in our main bar.
I got this too. Clueless.
The legacy of Pietism is that it is a disposition rather than a movement.-- Scot McKnight
Who else is happy the weekend is almost here? Anyone?
Masters baby
Need address 2 send shirt... REAL BUSINESS REAL PEOPLE REAL VIBES...
Congrats to Bryson for winning the Boots Williams Award and a $1,000 scholarship! Couldn't be more proud of my big brother! I love you<3
um, no. ;) Are you? Would love to see you if you are.
People getting in fist fights over Modern Warefare 3...
who are you to wave your finger, you must have been #high ... Only 5 more days and I'll be rocking out to
Testing out a hash
ya because a real man isnt afraid to show his soft side! lol
man. That cow ain't gotta dick tho!
Are you in the line? Just got my badge, I'll find you and say hi!
whats up man! lookin forward to the jam. got ur message ill start to get on the FB and take care of the other thing np
thanks :) hope I make it
Anyone else ever wake up ready to lift your iron heel & spin Ezekiel's wheel (i.e. listening to too much Woven Hand)? Me TOO.
It seems a bit backwards that a hurricane is going to hit New York while I am in Miami...
Zendesk is out and SupportPress is in! Thanks !
I'm high on life.
Rocking out to find me a man
The time is near y wait come join now save Big!!!
"He's cute" "Only with a hat on. He takes it off and he's ugly" "A hat? Do you mean a mask?"
tried to audition for the x factor online but the servers have crashed. damn, everybodys tryin to audition for britney
Oh 7am...you were just too early this morning. Try again tomorrow.
Lazy day on the couch...
guys....i just died laughing with hahaha
So I'm going to UTSA...
RT : You may have missed my earlier tweet: 10 Google Algorithm changes that could effect you:...
I wonder if she even suspects she's crazy.
heaven's gate? Please...
omg yes yes :))
will do! Thx!
that's code for don't bother me housekeeping is coming
Hey #Memphis people. I am playing a show this Friday night with my buddy and the band Nature Boy Explorer (2185 Monroe-Free-7pm)
i dont feel so good... :O
white people dont know much about hip hop
you're sick....
thanks! and congrats on 48k! :) xx
you need to know that all #Mahomies ar OH SO PROUD OF YOU AUSTIN!!!! we love what you do for us,hope you have a nice career :D
I know you bad, but I want you bad.
Hm. Just thought it will be interesting with Crosby and Giroux playing in Sochi in 2014.
Grand Opening January 9th! RT and spread the news
By Love and Art Scarred is an independent film about an aspiring filmaker's journey to make her dreams come true. Stay tuned for details!
This wednesday coming up is the 1st Wednesday so it's time for #TheTeachersLounge a Teachers appreciation #HappyHour #teachers RT RT
I just want to wake up, and this all go away. )':
Nervous about the audition on Monday. Hope I can make it there.
and my stubbornness is reverse, I do it even when I know DAMN well I shouldn't! My damn pride always wins..
has introduced Grand Cayon rafting trips
My most defiant of my 3 boys (now 4yo) gave me the hardest time; he didn't respond to time-outs well either.
Thanks. I thought it was good but an hour too long.
time of sleep @*
I bet'cha anything the fifty cent pollo buffalo chicken rollers from 7/11 will give you the squittles.
"Whovian" All Doctor Who fans must be marked, get that shirt that says it all, Nov. 6th by for 24 hours only!
Meeting some Directors of other Pets for Vets chapters tonight for dinner! Did you know we have chapters nationwide?
CraVing to watch some #MED where have you been
You can now follow Emily G from KISS! here-
Much thanks, Mando!
You can take my heart if yours won't beat, we're forever unstoppable<3
I try to! but unfortunately "concise" isn't in my vocabulary. I should probably revisit all this with a glass of wine. ;*
My neighbor's last name is Hooker. Ahahaha And he is a hooker lol.
will be at Kenedees to SAVE ERICH tonight. all proceeds go to medical bills that no uninsured person can afford.
I can vouch for him. He's the coolest.
I swear, as soon as your EX sees you smiling, being happy with someone new... that's when they want you back.
good my man.
ITB syndrome surgery, really?Ridiculous! This responds well to conservative therapy. Don't let anyone cut your ITB, it's there for a reason.
I'm going ta bed fuck this shit I'm too old
we check tweets in between holes...
RIP #Hitchens. You were one of the greats!!!
good shit! Keep it up, dude! :) keep us posted with updates, we'll spread the word.
So you just assume that Im talking about them.even though they are being nice and congratulating me?im not talking about them
Obama couldn't beat a ham sandwich in WV in November. But VA, IN, NC, NV, CO, NM, OH... Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!
lmaoo yo I saw a pigeon today and thought about you callin em rats with wings lol
In radio, don't you have to? :)
Fun Fact about me: I *love* V8 juice. I could drink a gallon per day, easy.
I don't know you at all, but you are cracking me up...
I better be seeing you tomorrow sam!!
just got back from buying 's new CD: My World 2.0 (: i love it already
check your dm bro...
awesome! That will do my health some good!
Great walkoff! RT : #Brewers win 5-4 over the #Dodgers! See you tomorrow for Game 2 of the Series!
the one on the site is the Nomad. Available in June. Amazing shoe.
Girls are like phones. We love to be held, talked too but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected
We are almost underway in this NCAA Tournament game between the and New Mexico University.
is it the restriction to conversions only?
Really want to buy today's groupon but 400 people trying a boot camp class in 6 months might get kinda crowded...
If this guy don't stop trying to impress with his ugly little scooter -__-
I woke up and its dark everywhere, cool.
Just received some spam promising me big savings on a forklift. I wonder if I can use this as a bargaining chip with my usual forklift guy..
having a little study session this evening for tomorrow!
haha also good choices. (If homework is a choice?) Good luck to you, too!
I went to Drake University but my heart belongs to and . But there are cute bdogs at #bulldogcontest in Iowa today
Great. Thank you.
right on man!
2 hours of ballroom last night ~ loved it! Waltz, tango, samba and cha cha, followed by a burlesque show at the Rendezvous.
Yea I love you but im not about to kiss yo azz.. that nigga died when you played me
Same problem at our house with Jolly Rancher jelly beans. I don't even like jelly beans.
In Denver for Homewatch CareGivers Conference! Celebrating 30 years of care!
Hi and thanks for that great mention and recommendation! Enjoy the holiday weekend!
that's awesome of you. We'll be sure to tweet about it as soon as its out. Thanks for supporting us!
Which we need to have more of in
you've been to the dentist a lot lately, haven't you! (;;
Take Dat Wit Chew!!!!!
Bravo to New York magazine for the most pristine print views I've seen on a website in ages! You've reset the standard.
Congrats! So excited for you and Dan. But you're not in the same 'hood' anymore lol. Must see you soon.
yay! looking forward to it!
I'm gonna go get some spaghetti.
“: what's your contact info”
ha you can see how often I'm on!
Getting ready to start studying all day, yaaaaaay.
We may have another #ncscifest blog post this week, from our military archivist this time. I may write 1 also re. #WWI technology.
AT&T DriveMode aims to curb texting while driving | Ubergizmo
Not always true!
I absolutely want to come flying with you guys!
You're a chode. LASER'S saved my life.
I can do shameless too, And this one goes out to you. I can do shameless too, They waited all night for you.
Love you more.
Of course the only Chinese in the room is playing the violin
Great shoot today with USA Triple Jumper at the #olympic training center. I have no doubt we'll see him in
Up ! No way ima go back to sleep
The freAks were OUT last night. You can't be that creepy on a Tuesday. You also can't get past my boys.
slept like babies
If lightning strikes my dog, my chance of winning the lottery goes way up right?
Thank YOU for tweeting about Frances! You know who to call when u want more YUMYUMYUM!
Last night in Vegas! What should we do?
There are a hell of a lot of beef people really ticked off right about now.. I'll take my steak any night.
whoever prayed for snow, please stop.
My eyes won't stop watering and I can't go back to sleep
Follow us on Facebook and recieve $150 bucks off your next purchase with follow us on twitter
How are ya?
Another picture perfect day
u around this weekend? RO friday??
“: CRAVING SOME PIZZA”me too
Haha ok. I was gonna say, you didnt fit the description of the matt in the article.
Heading to the set of "Diary of a Teenage Nobody" Really excited!
This will polarize the election for sure. Your thoughts? "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama”
bro it was like 15 second fight so not really a winner but bet they fight again! Then we shall see!!
Joe Flacco doesn't scare me.
RT "Nobody's perfect." - Nobody's mother
Ok, we need one more follower to reach 700...
they would have my momma working on Mother's Day. she said she dnt care cuhz $$$ coming her way
thank you Ted. Hope all is well.
If these FL lawyers will Autism bully & abuse a disabled person with Autism to "win" a case, they will do it to your kids too when u r gone
Our week in Shelter Island: when we ate the entire cast of Finding Nemo.
5. Pull feedback from peers and those around you as often as possible.
hey guys goodnight twitbabes and my pryers go to shes in a coma and i hope she wakes up soon god bless her goodnight :**(**
RT Fresh Prince theme song just came on my pandora channel>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
had skating for like 4 hours so tierd
roids r only going to let u hit a ball 15 to 20 ft further, u can do the same by using pain meds. everyday.
It'd be an absolutely priceless moment if i could see right now!!!
10 years ago I thought the world was coming to an end. Roads were blocked, I was drinking at a local bar, and hoping for sex from an ex.
Why is the sun so bright while I'm trying to sleep?
I was on the #FuckSwag hype as soon as beiber started saying it.
1955- the #Salk vaccine for #Polio made available to the public.
You go girl!!!! :) you can hear her on the radio lol:)
Mary J Blige did her thing opening at
Finally off work, and jus sitting here thinking if he still thinks abt me like I think abt him??? Good Morning tweeps, lets make today count
Thanks for the love!
Welcome silver sponsor ..American Drum Horse Association!
I'm a panelist tonight at an #AT1 event in Winston-Salem. I'll be talking about #JDRFRidetoCure 2012.
i think not budd !
#NP Trey Songz - Top of the World<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I and the cake made it in one price! :) now to get out of the city and to the barn to play w/ horses & teach a lesson.
good beautiful day can't ask for too much more right now
We're fantastic, mostly because it's past noon which means...we're past the hump of hump day! Here comes the weekend!
Lin for sure... Cuz he's Asian
How about applying stickum at halftime to packers receivers?
God don't like ugly.
okay, so you gave me a shout out and I cried this is officially the best day of my life :3
THE HARD RHYMER!!!!!!!! Yo chuck and flavor flav got matching tats.
that looks like awesome fun dude!!
I also wish I understood my I freeze up when people want to test my skills. Maybe I just suck at it? No... I am good at what I do.
Watching dance moms makes me wish I was a better dancer
' Up watching bad girls . . . thinking of a master plan!!
Woot!! RT : Got to be worth at least $500. :) That's a lot of work!
I wanna be home already !
Congratulation to Gary Suter & Chris Chelios in getting inducted to the USA Hockey Hall of Fame.
there's an opossum in the tree outside our house...if this is a sign/symbol/omen for #2012 , what does it mean?!?
That ain't nothing new girl.
John Tesh lives in your town?
My reply to "I'm doing my ish over here. U do ur ish over there." Apparently the wrong response.
i think i had too much sleep 0_0 or meehhbeee its the caffeine
thanks so much for the tweet, christopher!
You can combine that with some chocolate wine for a Reece's cocktail.
renamed one of my blogs...maybe i'll change it again...idk lol
Well, this is awkward.
as opposed to another kind of orgy?
I miss you
Brandon at Subway: "I'll do a 12inch Italian." Me "yeah you will" Brandon "I heard that"
u were 1 pt away from victory again, but you still LOST again lol, try back again tomorrow. thx for playing...
Can't wait to post the review!
What do you call it when a doctor records the wrong blood type? Blood Type-O!
Saw a job desc calling for a candidate with a "solid grasp of Python." Picturing a Conan the barbarian type, wrestling giant snakes.
District 9 is an awesome movie. Thoughts?
4 Stages of Periodontal Disease-Stage 2 Bleeding on probingTartar-Mineralization of plaque-Bad Breath-Volatile Sulphur Compounds (VSC)
Why do you smell like bactine??
“: Go Steelers *waiving terrible towel*” Love it!! Myron Cope's giving you Props right now!
Amber Rose On Kim Kardashian, Justin Bieber And Kanye West Summary: GlobalGrind caught up with hip-hop fly girl, model, designer, actre
<<< injuries are frustrating
The Biafra war in Nigeria was the birth of Doctors Without Borders. French doctors split from the Red Cross in protest of ICRC 'neutrality"
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Happy birthday
We're still tweeting the very best deals, only now we're doing it at Come see for your self!
Good run outside and then super easy Romano chicken and veggies...recipe tomorrow on blog...
I much prefer blogger. Less hassle. Can use custom domain without paying extra.
you coming up on 2000 I better get it
Thanks for sharing about what's going on in your district!
Are you testing us, Rick Rac? What do I get for winning- i'll share it with !
The future of tennis: Game, set and number-crunch?
What is Andy short for?
I'm selling this years time share.Its a week at the beautiful Hacienda Del Mar in Cabos for $1000. www.mwishartpi.com.
Jordan says the district did not want actions to be viewed as retaliation for cooperating with the federal govt.
What a day
Heading back to #TempleU today. Ready to nail down my #dissertation !!!
we couldn't find any kosher for passover liver. Boo!!!
My head aches, but I had a good day. Saw some people I hadn't seen in awhile and had a fun picnic lunch!
at home getting ready to watch the game the show
Headed to the Go-Gos concert with ... just call us Romy and Michelle.
I know it's best without solvents #rizeup <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
Haha hurt myself texting lol! Just my fucking luck today.
Really? Our trash service is one of the highest rated city services...
me and jayden are going on the 18th for Matthews first Bday :)
they are pure evil
In Salt Lake checking out the Wasatch mountains & chillin at a funky internet cafe...waiting for happy hour followed by Mona Gras.
Oh yes. Yes it is.
Nascar in Vegas in a couple weeks, might be time to get my redneck on
Thought he might go ahead and pull the trigger with Duke, but probably a smart move.
The nearest supermarket to this neighborhood is 4 miles away. The hospital is doing a great thing with this Market, and HEP wants to help!
I think he would too. RT : I'd bet he'd pay 30% if asked to
#BeforeIkickthebucket my own office would be nice to.
Night love
Life is like riding a bicycle. If you look at the potholes you will hit them. Look where you want to go and you will steer clear.
Shut the fuckk upp! Your annoying as hell!
I miss you too!!!
Loves that moment when you almost get killed
Good morning :). #Goodmood!
Just spent 400$
Some guys #fuck guys get over it !!
I think my puppy is tired and yet my mind is still overwhelmed by what I learned at
Now watching "Strange Culture" w/Steve Kurtz artist who used genetically modified bacteria/food to make art & a statement about it's danger
In this world where nothing else is true, here I am still tangled up in you.
Wow! you actually think i care..
I definitely should NOT have "liked" Whataburger on facebook because now all their food is just rubbed in my face and I can't have any!!!
Plus kids can't eat a garbage plate till at least 10.
Here's the deal. If we lose today, the race for Luck is on.
Oh! I have a picture to text you! :P
Former President + #Nobel laureate Gorbachev: "Our generation will step aside 1 day, our task is to hand over the task of peace to next gen"
RT Very true! We can't wait to stock up
s/o now followin u thx bro.
Watch out Steven Spielberg. I'm about to write a screen play for an office comedy. Wedding Crashers better watch out too. Creativeness!
I'll definitely try! The schedule is a fickle harpy.
heading there to buy 7l/eso, lif, porn theatre ushers records only to realize those dudes were up in there on the daily!
"Choose life...take the points..." OR is this just more ANTI-SCOTCH bigotry from me?
The awkward moment when a midget tries to use a yo-yo.
OK, so I used it right. But maybe shouldn't have hyphenated. Thanks.
Watching Six Feet Under was like curling up with a really well-written blanket of depression and weeping.
Ever since I got my hair cut I frequently feel a "phantom ponytail"
2011.07.05 #Diamondbacks 7 #Brewers 3 | Slumping Crew suffers / consecutive home losses / sinks down to third place
Can't wait for my go-see in NY tomorrow, and Atlanta seminar on 12/3. Just learned my TV spot is national, so please call me Dr. Marcus!!
When will an ice cream company make a cheese flavor? Same family and delicious combos to explore. Gouda and Strawberry! NO!?
People will hate you, rate you, shake you and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you. ~ anonymous
I didn't even notice. Rock on! RT : I wonder if laughs at me while I jam out at my desk.
no we are taking on all the best talent from all over and let them shine on this new TV show so you're OK to rep for Spain
what ru up to
Identify business objectives, seek well-aligned property/athlete and develop INTEGRATED activation plan.
You mean you haven't mastered the present perfect subjunctive pronoun indicative preterite command form? That sucks.
eh ill have to see lol did you go to yours?
I want to marry the janitor. Period, end of story.
Still at it like its day one
that's good!
The groundswell of support for Saturday Mail begins RT: I'm in!
"Rectangles with rounded corners are everywhere!"
They can also review Tweriod.
Not for nothing this nigga here is fucked up
“women’s music as a site for the generation of critical theory by black women”
LET'S BOWL w/ GRCH 07/15/10. Lucky Strike Bowling. And silent auction w/ autographed guitars by FERGIE, KATY PERRY, DUFFY & other items
accomplished day
haha Yes it is!
you don't need a jacket for 80F weather. Sheesh.
Black Friday is the devils work!
Greetings from a brand new Grandmommy!
#Didyouknow that social networks are incredibly important to seniors? Consider this as you enter the #linkAges devchall.
Think that hour wait at Mother's Day brunch is a hassle? Think of the 9 months she waited on you. Much respect to all the moms out there.
glad 2 c ya on twitter!!
Your too #Hood Game Always put out that West Coast Music
Has anyone seen George Phillips? He and Waldo are missing!
for those who worry about unwanted conditions make their own hell and are stuck in it while Heaven lies just overhead watching
I may be a few min late tomorrow because I don't have a DVR. However, the time diff works in our favor.
I miss your cat</3
over how i feel
We are back at it, looking for web and mobile application developers - FT/PT/Subs, iOs experience required. #mlearning,
At least this is the last time we'll have to see FOF commercials.
you getting the groupon for Herald Leader subscription? Haha
I actually like her...people should give her a chance
Photo gig = looking up fake blood makeup recipes and gathering supplies for torches.
Today ain't my fucking day..
#Houston Do you go to the main center at the Islamic Society of Greater Houston or know anyone who does? If so, DM me please! Working story.
I wish for the former but not the latter... ha! :)
I got a contact request but don't remember who it was this morning.
please reply i love u
RT : I'm gonna sound like a douchebag, but I'd love to irrigate your vagina with a scented mixture of vinegar & water.
USC Forensics, 2nd place debate sweepstakes
one of the contestants is in a wheelchair. is ryan murphy just TRYING to recreate his own show?
I dont. But I really want to know what you guys are talking about.. Lmao
U know that 1 person u can count on well think about I they let u down and how u would feel and then retweet
Listening to Big Bang <U+2665>
"From a EIGHTH to a KEY, but u graduate when u make it up outta the streets"
Already?! Better book rehab for the near future ... LOL
Everything I hear revolves around Arian Foster. I'm not fully sold at 1 He is also not part of my fantasy broski team.
I agree.
yeah I know I figured that out
are you going to be in a calendar also?
DIRECTIONERS!!! i'm quite bored right now so to make it fun.....send in a pic of you and i'll ship you with one of the boys :D
I once ate frozen lettuce and it was really gross! - RT ice everything!
Thanks for checking us out! It was awesome meeting you too! Hope to see you soon!?
Can't remember the last time I had a twinkie
I highly recommend "Waiting for Godot" at the Mark Taper Forum (LA). Alan Mandell and Barry McGovern are fantastic as Didi and Gogo!
peyton crying...."i truly have enjoyed being your quarterback." me crying.
If they've gone, they just need to rethink the model and they'll be back. I don't think they'll just lay down
Ha. Debate. I had never heard forensics used to mean debate/public speaking before though.
just walked 2 miles with trampoline now!
Hey guys what's MLB that Adam Lambert is talking about? A TV show?
“: Listening to escape the fate..... Lol”<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
thanks SO much for the RT love!!! xoxox
Note to self: Bruns Academy never has parking
real talk with real men. Ride smooooveee!
Whoever chalked my car did a horrible job
awe, how can you not! :) if i'm not slobbered in kisses or complaining about muddy paws on my pants than my day isn't complete ;)
Ok im about to go ham on this maxx's
hellz to the yea! lemme know ur dates. could use some accompaniment to some shows!
is taking us to church right now @ USC APAA's Life 101 Panel! Shoutout to !
Johnson city honda, johnson city
Saw "Think Like A Man" the other night, and all I could see was all of the obvious product placement for #Heineken products.
At Ted's with friends. Oklahoma at its best.
Do you have any photos you can send us to use on WGN?? THANKS!
interesting. makes sense
At the park waiting for fireworks. It's like closing camp fire!
Raffi Torres better not step foot out of his hotel in Chicago. Dirty dirty dirty mofo
Rain has moved out and our crews are working hard to get us back open. Hope to be open shortly.
oh sweet!! Are you going to come to our Whisky show in the 7th?
Xanax Beer And Chicken
Hi! Setting up my first 401K acct ever, and I have no clue what options are best for me. Can you please advise? Thx!
True that, friend!
I get to watch my lil guy tonight while his momma goes to work. I'm working on how I can start traveling for my work.
It seems like it doesn't it Rick...
getting back on track hardcore. GO
I have it right next to me! when can you meet up?
What degree are you going for?
I run shit here!!!!!!U just live here!!!!!Thats ok......Cause imma burn this muthafucker down.....
RT : #WorldMalariaDay fact via : about 3.3 billion people are at risk of
YOU'VE NEVER EVEN HAD ONE!
I give you my trust so you dont have to earn it but you should cherish it. =)
Follow he has awesome quotes and Your end up with wow <U+2665> Follow him if you like his tweets..Honestly!
OH MY GOD PHANATIC + 30 ROCK
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support(727) 474 9988 69$ Divorce. Tampa - Clearwater
I'm on this bus...going back to Jacksonville, North Carolina (:
are you goin to psu tomm? Some of us are going up
My fiancee maria and I got pedicures yesterday LOL... insert comment here..............
RT : Discovered semantic API service - it's main advantage over seems multi-language-support. Or is...
Bass and vocals hopefully to be completed today.
something like that....we help consult and promote independent musicians.
sorry just got this! We usually have just about any game that's being played. Just ask if you don't see it!
I just got back from lunch with George Crumb and his daughter (and a few other people). This has been a splendid day.
hey pastor donnie!!! I belong to TLC /Jamie Hawkins is my pastor, we are very happy u are coming worship with us See ya sunday!
I'm following my dreams of singing because of You're awesome, Austin. Retweet?
Spend about 2 hours a day rehabbing
i cold4 w air v him hj on cut and he giggles and peels and then ck folds TT on 9hi today. want to die that im out
there are not many of us out there. #packers #Tigers gotta stuck together fellas!
I used to be an entomologist. My days increasingly filled with Insurance, accounting and collections. Glad I had my stings this am!
when you crack your phone screen<<<
Hoping my boy Bakarri keep his head up threw his lost....
thanks for this tweet that has been RT'd many times today, we appreciate it!
awww thank you! So are you....always remember to keep your head held high<3
Today is our 1 year anniversary <3
no need for talking when we meet actions shall speak for us.
hey can you go follow ?
Don't trip.
lol, that's why our relationship isn't working!
Happy groundhog day to all the groundhogs out there!
3 reasons Ppl reach 4 knowledge-need an answer, something is wrong, something is changing.
I'd like to make a post on hacking SJSU's SLIS program, how can I add to the discussion/blog?
Thanks to for organizing a great #drupal event in #hawaii! Maybe on Molokai next time ;)
Yeah. I did. What of it?!
Control your urges lmao!!
There is 98% boys, 2% girls, & -98653% of chance we'll be best friends.
Don't hate that little girl T_T
Wow congrats! How do you like it so far?
I should have asked for today off -_-
figured about three hours lol.
that's crazy that it says not Hispanic in race catagory! She's black!! That's some offensive shit! Like mex is the only criminal
At blizzard brawl.waukesha county expo
remember we be up all night talking till the morning light? like the way it used to be , just you and me
For every minute of anger, you lose 60 seconds of happiness. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
I have Marquette, and Wisconsin in my final four.
im jealous of you guys!!!
"Light Skinned" is BACK! Julian Williams, (my brother) Mark Campbell, and David Walker... Join Ntertania and check it out NOW! It's FREE...
I found m evil twin: a guy named Paul Kevin in Namibia
I'd vote for that hair piece.
My husband opened a twitter account..needs followers.
get to stay late to monitor some equipment in "quall" be done and out in 90 minutes [better be]
My heart goes out to , but looking forward to tonight's game. PROUD season ticket holders! Thanks !
I know, DaDa coz I miss you the same!!! Love ya tons, hubby!!!! ;-)
you win
If I lay here, if I just lay here. Will you lie with me and just forget the world.
Car finance experts Car Loan 4U offers alternative to BMW recall
Intelen's SoftGrid 2.0 innovation stages: measure->build community->behavioral mechs->engage->gamify->incentives->human & building processes
u know im doing the same thing lol
I'd have to be really coked out to bang Pat Sayjak. I'm just sayin...
There must be a special cosmetics line for those people.
Taking in the last minutes of TheVoice...
After playing baseball for three hours then took a hot shower. I'm sleeping good tonight.
exactly how I feel about this place
don't! RT“: I stopped reading emails from because I'm jealous that I can't attend the events.
most definitely. The trio. Fo sho on the dance moves. Choreography a la Frumkin. What what!
It's SNOWING in Dallas! Almost feels like I'm back in Cleveland. Almost.
Take a stand against racism! Join us at the clock tower at 12:30 to form a human chain across Mirror Lake!
Aw!!! So glad you captured that! I'm glad you got to meet her, and I'm sure she would have no problem adopting you! :)
just buy an adaptor
and we posted the shorty info on the elle morgan fans page cuz we luv u <3
go to youtube :) and type in kony 2012 and watch the video thts kinda long but so inspiring, touchin and sad. Watch it :)
Suggs' leadership is really underrated. Keeps locker room loose. A good yin to Lewis/Reeds INTENSE yang. A real bummer. Like the guy a lot.
right on (right on right on) RIGHT ON RIGHT ON
working on some banging new tunes
The USA's FREE CARL LEE CAMPAIGN Celebrates 300+ Followers in 2-Months on TWITTER. Follow Campaign -- Turn the Humans Loose!
Just keepin' it real ya'll....Right here in Tennessee..... ;-)
Great content is, by its very nature, shareable. Simple but true.
#fact RT McCain, Lieberman going to watch Game Change Saturday spooning ice cream straight from carton and having a good cry.
: yays.! =) & yess i know, another reason to why i love that song. :D & yess dance party.! Haha
Clif notes would save my life!
Went to Mexico for a week and was never served salsa once. And every time I asked for a lemon, I got a lime.
“: North Carolina is a state of shitheads.”. In fairness, it's only about 58% shithead. 30th state to lock some good ole bigotry in
wedding crashers - right? I am a FL mediator and I loved that movie - find it dangerous to take myself too seriously..
I had the most amazing week studying with Patsy Rodenburg
I'm doing great, thanks! How's the weather in NZ?
is open for regular bar hours, with light fare until 10pm
yea... You don't really see a lot of horses around where I live..
Thanx to Nightly Standard for having us Sat You guys rocked! Shout out to & for coming out to support
Listening to Too Many Tears-Tupac still sounds fresh&doper than most shit coming out today.
you're in DC during playoff week?
Oh and I'm parked at Bottega Louie guzzling coffee in case any of you are wondering. Thinking I'm going to write Breakfast at Bottega Louie.
enjoying , congressman, tweeting from the platform
I'm curious about parents that are tuned into videogame ratings and #ESRB. Are your gaming kids boys, girls, or both?
you ready for the Ravens Sunday? We haven't forgot you hold the receiving yards record in Baltimore.
Ladies & Gentlemen get ready for the Best Cinco De Mayo Party this Saturday w/ 1st every US appearance!
This entire show looks and sounds like a digital reproduction. Did they tape it in advance?
RT : It behooves (film actors) to join the union (digital). Why would you want to stay in an 18th...
lol you're welcome! Love ya! XO!
Either of you see an internship post from us on medlib-l Friday? got conf email but never saw it.
Anything we can help with?
Slowly falling in love with vinyasa yoga....wears me out and fills me up:)
Need a friend?.. i follow back!! =)
We're following the shooting death of a WA State Trooper during an overnight traffic stop. Suspect still at large. Live coverage on Fox 12.
Store plans in the practical and convenient Planarch trolley
What time is tea-time today? cc:
Too bad is stuck in school because Nike is debuting all of their Olympic gear today.
tebow sucks stop lying to urself
haha with a hint of red! #DET FTW!!!
Digital Talent recruiters are at
What are the FOUR types of income we all should be earning now? Diane shared this earlier today...you're invited to hang out with us at 9:0…
Kiss your girl on the forehead...bet it makes her smile
S/o TO MI SISTER SHE NEED FOLLOWERS
All I have to say is thank the lord for music!
Looking to take my wife out for lunch on our anniversary (Monday) Is Morimoto's as good as they say? (any idea on lunch prices?)
Celtics, 76ers, Nuggets Win in NBA Round-one Playoff Games - Bloomberg
Whats up friend and loved ones lol.. Here watching some tv how about you guys :)
#GiveObamaCreditfor... conserative Hastag Games. He'll take the credit for it anyhow.
Per his travel-team coach, look for Marquette to make a strong push for Onalaska junior Matt Thomas.
So you're basing your "facts" on information that should have never been leaked. a lot of guys should be contacting lawyers
Interfaith Hospitality Network of Colorado Springs helps homeless families with children. Join The $1 Million Facebook Experiment and donate
The "Stand Your Ground" law's sponsor, Fl Rep. Dennis Baxley, said it wasn't written to give people the power to pursue and confront others.
that woman def doesn't look like a gardner :-P
dude, that's awesome. he. :)
haha by forfeit
Typing on the Macbook Air keyboard is a very satisfying feeling and sound.
what week are you in? That's a great workout.
how do we get his single?(:
dug up my mom's old record player, along with over 300 45's,and a bunch of old one hit wonder bands from when gran was young
You don't have an hourglass shaped body, it's more like a gallon of milk.
|#quotes Each Wal-Mart store should reflect the values of its customers and support the vision they hold for their community
Why do people tweet the same note over and over again? I read it the first time.
hey good to see you. Want to do an article about resume writers??
Welcome to facebook. I don't care for it much either but it helps me keep an eye on my girls :)
At party at The Stage. Great venue!
obviously, woof is the expected response;P
In other news, LASIK is the best thing on earth.
See nigga, you just can't give up on chicken nuggets ¯\_(<U+30C4>)_/¯
My favorite QR Codes are on Muni for SF State -- They link to a non-mobile website
We heard word that they were going to discontinue the app and focus on better mobile website.
.: "Peter! Peter! It's on fire! It's on fire! All the mountains are burning..."
Come to McClendon class right now
follow me bck bc I followed u earlier
you at the Sabres/Stars game right now?
first time at Sen and Naked Fish in 2+ years living in Vegas?!?
hi could you please say "goodnight Katelyn " to me?!? I love you so much!!! :) <3
Saint Seiya HD Wallpapers - Android Apps
just went on a serious cupcake binger....i made peanut butter frosting..
I"m nearly in NYC :D
No hair gel?!?! Crazy.
haha I'll have to use that soon, haha what's up?
'Information Literacy' first used in 1974
Thanks so much for the RT! Have a great weekend!
Do you have trouble making up your mind? Well, yes or no? We all have days like these and today is that day :)
": When I climax I shout out: "Hail Lord Voldemort!""
I believe u
thanks for the info! I just moved to town so definitely looking to get more involved.
Happy Easter Big Man from your fans in Maine BC Fans as well as PACK Fans GOPACKGO
"They have a great Salmon with Maple Ginger marinade that is simply the best!" - arose on Trip Adviser!
aw we missed u naked at the party =(
I believe that we will win!!! And we did! Go Aztecs!
workin on it
could definitely use testers for the singlet. We get samples next week.
Everything is good with me. I got healed the other day and since then I didnt have head ache. Praise God!!! I will pray for you!
hey u look gud
Cancer survivors walk in Niles (video) - Warren Tribune Chronicle
It was great. I had mexican food for dinner though :-D Miss you!
Ah - poetic license :-)
Um im pretty damn sure tht youre ry but im not sure cuz it says tim
thanks for tuning in! add us on facebook so you can see when we will be in your area
YouTube n ima promo on Here n fb
From LI, NJ to Brooklyn, they are still the Nets, they don't matter in NY. Same garbage DNA as the Jets and Mets.
Does anyone like Mazzy Star? She comes on my Pandora, but always sounds obnoxious... Ok I should stop being bitter.
i hate it when ugly people say "i need my beauty sleep." bitch, you need to hibernate.
yeah, why not? hahaha :D
oh snap. I think you bend them for other reasons
Trying to sleep is so hard right now
Happy birthday to the two most important women in my life my moms and lil sis Deborah & Kameron
Good morning twitter. Time to go work on my day off. Yay me !!
Support independent artists! You will like what you see!
STAT is in Beast Mode.
You guys line up alphabetically by height.--Bill Peterson
me too, just downloaded tweet deck and saw this
set myself up for that one.
Hey Is the Indiana St. game going to be televised today?
Why did I hate beets so much when I was a kid? I love them now!
My name is Maria Fernanda Lima and I'm an aprenttice !
Sir Sidney Crosby and The Pittsburgh Penguins are poised to win The Stanley Cup!!
#health #tip: Hungry already? If it isn't snack time yet, try drinking a glass of water first to curb your appetite.
can't wait to see us featured on 'non- stop foodies.' We'll come back to cook anytime! ;)
Nananananana sheets of egyptian cotton
and of course #FF to the hunnies who keep this going: and Xx
Sports is better than war. At the end In sports you get to go home to your wife and kids. In war you're just dead. -Ted Turner American Hero
RT : Obama campaign slogan: "FORWARD." MSNBC's slogan since 2010: "Lean forward." / Next step: rambling ad about blueberry pie.
fun way to light money on fire
yah! there was a problem with one of the tracks so i had to wait to upload from last friday
This year's #outrageousbiz and 's winners are....a tie for 3rd place! BlockPower and USA Food Runs both receive 1,500.
First of the two in-class presentation today (I'm going next week). Apparently one of the group is fighting. Can't wait to watch the drama!
Bout to go back to the mall gotta get these new Jordans
we were Wildin today lmfao you were OD though
SAT word of the day: largess (n.) the generous giving of lavish gifts
Nov. 11, 12 & 13 - New Mexico. Plan to visit Santa Fe's 13th annual Recycle Santa Fe Art Festival. Check it out at artisansgonegreen.com
. Because a healthy Ryan Kelly was an obstacle for Kentucky in the first place... Huh?
It's Fry-day.... I suggest smoking heavily until Sunday
Spin your dials to 88.3 FM at 5pm today, Burghers. I Wonder... is talkin' city history, pollution science, and more!
Follow me I follow you back <3
My Delta Skymiles statement used to excite me. Now it reminds me how often I get on a plane.
No, S Club 3.
It finished strong.
take ya ass bk to sleep tgen... For a reason, ya tired lol
not foley, it's Hollis! He lives down my street ! And you can text me :(
I get mad I get frustrated I get pissed but in the end I'm always here for you and always will be #happy5months I love you
Blueberry pancakes >>>
omg. benny fractured his ELBOW? and Pico out for month? and nole's grandpa? dang - those aren't thunderclouds, they be clouds of doom. :(
jus, please follow me.
Did you ever watch the show Secret Circle? Did you get to Dark Shadows yet? What did you think of both?
no problem. And yeah ill send you the link as soon as its up!
thanks for the re-tweet and kind words
Is virtue a thing remote I wish to be virtuous, and lo Virtue is at hand.
yea, her twitter username is
everyday. H.A.M. on life!
Win we beat niggas you don't hear me say sh** cause it was SUPPOSED to Happen! moment somebody beat HEAT niggas geeked cause its surprising!
Miz goes from #wwe #wrestlemania main eventer to a 12 man tag in one year..Can u say doghouse??
I wish I could find me some of those rare creatures.
I felt it definitely helped with my umpiring tonight. Lots of things to focus on during a game. Complete concentration required
Just swiped a free brisk
In Michigan for the day visiting my sister. Who has taught her child to call me auntie shortbus. Nuff said.
#itshardwhen You take an examn and you don´t know anything Last Try: COPY :) hahahahahaha
April 18, 1775 - Paul Revere's famous ride to warn "The British Are Coming!"
*sigh* idk what to do anymore....
awesome! Did you make them yourself?
On the positive side, TheWife proved she can complete her entire morning routine in 20 minutes (with a little help).
Madison Ave. Street Fair.
o nice!
glad to see you are on the mend
We are actually longtime fans! Under-appreciated in the neighborhood. Great portions, quality meal and we always BYOB ($15 cork)
what miss my blonde hair, black roots are defo better than grey ones
Don't give up on RedNation. Our time is coming.
thanks girl (:
Q4. Twitter friend that lives farthest away from you
“: uh oh ... that run by Gore didn't help you out much.”Lock and load baby! In the hunt for 7 points in 7 minutes.
Congratulations to the T2 team who ran the 2012 Virgin London Marathon today. Well done!
I need to be sleep I gotta get up EARLY as hell & I have attitudes in the morning!
I wish I could be more inspired when it's not for you
Dear John & The Vow were great movies..cried my eyes out
San Diego! We are looking for new sponsors everyday for musicians!!!
Thank you !
Duck, duck Lose!! Go Stanford!!
yes its gonna be so fun.
dude did u see my email?
I always embarrass myself -.-
Was listening to Vampire Weekend earlier today to drown out the thoughts of the terrible and unlucky week I had.
I don't know her but I know a different Susie in my hood in special ed. had his K teacher again for 1st grade. Rad.
you should subscribe to for twitter traffic clusterfuck updates
With a major digital empowerment summit in Newark on April 23, I wonder what do Newarkers know about the "Digital Divide" bit.ly/9pVIUK
One of my previous coworkers would print emails, hand write a response on them, and then fax it back to us.
Thanks for checking it out, Joe! Indeed, lots of benefits.
. Heh. Never did really get the nap. Interrupted by phone call...back at the work. Who was I kidding?
Gingrich calls DeNiro's First Lady joke 'inexcusable', demands apology. The sanctity of a man's third wife must be protected.
THANKS FOR THE GREAT TIPS! :-)
I'm not South Beach, I'm not Hollywood. I am on to the 2nd round.
I feel like it is. More reference points around to make it "feel" like you aren't moving as much.. even though you are.
Had too much fun last night
(Ricky Martin) quotes/retweets Janet Jackson's tweet about Cesaria Evora's passing. R.I.P. Cize.
One prank. Too funny. People mad. Friendship wrecker ?
he paid me in blessings and condolences ha
I think I'm in love.. I just downloaded 's album and it's quite amazing!
medical issues are very personal issues. many studies linking increase in technology use to decrease in "bedside" manner.
God sees all, and He disapproves.
I love this town. :-)
Me and darkness just do not mix well together.
sounds good to me It's been a while. Let me know when you're free.
I live in Nebraska... LAST TIME I CHECKED that was kind of close to Canada, eh? haha
Stop complaining about things and make ish happen!!!
And which law out there requires these companies to work with Wal-Mart again?
Oy. Sinus headache. Boo Indiana weather, and again I say boo!
lol, ah yup that was it
Answer to Wednesday's Interesting Health Fact of the Day: The human body contains over a billion miles of DNA!
Haha zambu? And yup I saw the tweet ;)
The older I get the more I realize that I don't know anything
Dam, got this gay ass substitute
Nothing tastes as sweet as what I can't have.
too bad i went to cp yesterday and i forgot to text you... :x
That awkward moment when gas prices are higher than your GPA...
": #YouKnowYoureBroke when Forever 21 becomes "out of your budget"." 'I'm gonna be honest, I only have $50' haha
heyy x :) been a while :)
welcome c:! thanks for the follow
And all the other boys Try to chase me But here's my number So call me maybe :)
morning. Still early here. 3:51am. How are you today.
How can we make people think of the library first when they think of "information"?
I will not stop until gets more followers!
Don't be that lonely bitch
follow me back bro!!!
thanks! Let me know what you think.
Lmao at my Baby Nephew . He makes funny faces when he pooing .
meaning the contrast is bigger or smaller than you expected?
Here's the lineup of free beer we're giving away tonite: Shock Top Raspberry Wheat, Magic Hat Elder Betty & Pyramid Apricot Ale. C u soon!
It's starting to feel like Lake Weather!! DMTX just listed several lake front homes & now I am looking forward to floating in the Texas sun
The Northern Nevada community comes together to celebrate and thank Superintendent Heath Morrison, the 2012 National Superintendent of...
I love British people.
Mgmt is playing!
Why thank yew :') “: I love your voice miss :)”
did you ever hear back from Sherry ?
DYK? Osceola Adams, a founding member of DST, was one of the first Black actresses on Broadway ..
Lights are back on downtown! You could hear the cheers everywhere. Great job by
what's the score
Fess up. U broke the droll when u were a kid :P
Stupid black gloves.
Now I'm home and you're not here. See who the lame one is now?! #iwantmypresent! #andtoseeyouofcourse (:
BEFORE HIRING A LAWYER, SEE A COUNSELOR. MEET A SPOUSE HALF WAY IF CHILDREN ARE INVOLVED. THE ABUSED MUST SEEK COUNSELING
To bad someones time is short & i missed that call sure I would've enjoyed the convo
It's pure balderdash. I demand satisfaction. My children's children will hear about this.
I guess to have the type of personality I do, days like this are required to keep me balanced.
LETS GO
“: sounds good RT :since it's 4:10 game, post game perfect!” Woo! We can join Neal @ bar-lol!
Its hard for me to be in a relationship..cus everytime I get mad I wanna fuck somebody else..im just keepin it g I know somebody feel me...
Happy Anniversary Meri & Kody!!": Happy Anniversary and Have a great day & another wonderful year."
Join us tomorrow for this season's first noon lecture. Natalie Dykstra will discuss her book, Clover Adams: A Gilded and Heartbreaking Life.
I'm keeping my promise to my family by not wearing yoga pants. How's your Monday?
I was 2.
Whoa! Time for a charity sell off just like Elton John does.
Lot more bikers on the road when it warms up. Mind them! Saw a guy almost get drilled today
a roadie to flo rida would be so straight
Wait wait how did I miss Peter Davison?!
oh my gosh do you know Skyler Gallegos?
Is there anyone out there 'cause it's getting harder and harder to breathe.
happy birthday justin! I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!! and wish u all the best!!!!!!!!!
two hour naps are the best
hahahahahhahahahahaha what song
I know you saw get that 3rd TD tonight.
please follow my new account
Nope, I just sing REO Speedwagon.
Melissa needs to chill!
THANK YOU! I appreciate it!!
M..Olive Garden. I'm dyin' for some Chicken & Gnocchi soup. That stuff is like CRACK!!! O___O
About to go to Rising Sun and go train like a Warrior!!
buffalo bisons tix for you tonight and tommorow it's a WARPED TOUR WEDNESDAY!!
Oh God, I gotta start blogging again.
but not just with commercials. I'd like to see film scores from some of my favorite producers. There's more than Daft Punk!
NSF Data & Visualization report: Need to address the issue of sustaining collections of irreproducible data
hey you have nappytab sweats right?
Thanks for the follow!
Worked 4 days in a row!
always EXPECT the UNEXPECTED, but while your EXPECTING the UNEXPECTED. never UNDER-EXPECT the EXPECTED. ~NOW THINK~!
just got TEN identical junk messages from you. I have no choice but to block you.
not much. you?(:
what promss? Haha. I'm getting my spray tan like next week it fades so quick on mee
Finishing up my presentation for sociology...
I hope everyone has a wonderful 4th of July! What are everyone's plans?
"God will not bless you to a level that your character cannot sustain you."-Pastor Joel Peebles
Welcome back students! Hope you had a fantastic holiday break. Classes resume tonight.
no doubt! Hey ima record that track today. Does that same guy master your traxx
is it bad that when I saw #tolietgirl I thought of like a girl super hero that fixed toilets..? no? ok.
Gotta go sleep! Good night my dear followers<U+2665>
I'M NOT ALWAYS RIGHT! I was wrong when I thought my bf would have incriminating stuff on his phone- instead-my bf is perfect
Sometimes it's difficult to talk about but she wanted to share the history we discovered and I am attempting to fulfill her wish.
Only 3 days until the Blue Cross RiverRink opens for the season!! (we're very excited.)
Confucius Say The best defense against rape, is to beat off the attacker
We are happy to hear that Keith! Happy eReading!
RT : Anyone going to the Art Milwaukee Wedding event? We are with a bunch of friends! So excited!
You should have been on When I was a teen, I loved your show!
m jealous wish i was going somewhere
I always wonder if I'm anyones 11:11 wish....?
That was a nice goal by Phoenix!
:D Thank you!
As a business, if you can remember and honor your customers you win
Tis the season for pumpkin spice coffee.
Joe's Texas BBQ for dinner tonight YUMMY !!!!
I think black ballerinas are so beautiful
Sorry #DogTV didn't impress your cats. Have you tried #EatingTunaSandwichTV? Or #WearingBlackPantsTV?
doesn't make sense that there would be 4 different chasers in a case. Then it wouldn't come with 2 complete sets.
Its gonna be a long couple weeks getting ready for recording. But worth it!
RT Up & at 'em this morning! Pretty psyched to start this new year off great. What do you have on tap for today?Easy: Guinness.
You wrote. Celebrate that!
bow bow bow bro wht up
try not to worry. #meetthefockers is on tbs. Very funny.
Also forgot to tell you that they had Blood Oranges! :)
I'd love them 2 ask any of the hard working folks who lost their jobs if that ad is unfair.
It did, thanks. Got a good recommendation on an Italian place. Love Italian. Thanks again!
Our partnership w/ fits perfectly into May being Foster Care Month-
I can relate.
u really needa get that fixed. And what's the score to the yankee red sox game, I don't have cable till tom
I enjoyed it even considering the topic. It helps that you actually have a presentation style as compared to most CLE presenters.
"If people don't weigh in, they don't buy in" Pat Lencioni at World Biz Forum; good advice for 2010 planning...
Hey! Thanks so much for your kind words. I had a great time speaking at NYU, hope to do it again soon. Best of luck to you!
Our eBook schedule is exploding in 2012- five releases in Q 1& 2 (1/11/12) The Big Bang Entrepreneur: when start-ups and ethics collide .99
Welcoming to the Bay Area by forcing him to eat farm-to-table food until his taste buds explode with happy.
How annoying when ultra whities pretend to talk Spanish. Stupido!!
Public should appreciate the historical significance of Brutalism,regardless of their taste.
Luck is on our side.
At the #zoo catching a train :-)
I will be checking out a class of yours soon too. Happy New Yr!
Lovin this . You scratch my back we will scratch yours
Time to get my studying in
TONIGHT!! ALL TEENS HEAD OUT TO CLUB MANSION!! HUGE TEEN NIGHT!! LAST SUNDAY WAS CRAZY!!
glad you're doing better. :)
Leaving office now..so much for half day.
fake mutherfuckers envy!
GET THESE TESTS OVER WITH.
he is lying there all spread out and stuff!
yeah its #FF today!!
Things Will Never Be The Same
Susan B Anthony who campaigned for abolition of slavery & women's rights was born right here in Massachusetts on 15 February 1820
Short Hair, Don't Care.^.^
do you eat any of the baked goods that fans give you?
to be fair I dont know many stable ones. If you find one, let me know.
I hate my body. I was supposed to get color today but my body is rejecting the ink.
Early admittance to Disneyland this morning has allowed us to do 6 rides in 2 hours!
"AW, NEVA!!!! I'M JUS' 2 CLEVER, SO IN FACT THAT, NO ONE COULD SEVER!!!!"-EAZY E"WE WANT EAZY"
Happy #Spurs-day! Let's keep the home winning streak alive against the Kings tonight.
where's your fb???
I need to call me like asap.
Morning cardio! RT : Half way back running from far side of GG bridge to #SCon12. Wake up Sugas!
Enjoys putting and on media blast, ha, it almost too easy
oh my gosh, you just made my week <3 thank you :)
I hope my baby has a good day today <3
Humans have fewer genes than grapes.
Smith: says that her office collaborated with depts to step up their peer learning efforts.
any mahomies here from Brazil or next to Chile ? :D
Does anyone else feel a little overwhelmed by end of year/holiday demands, etc? I certainly do. Thankfulfor sleep!
hip hop
Dinner? Drinks? Are you on a crazy schedule while here in the 317?
When Facebook can pay a billion dollars for a company that two guys started less than 2 years ago...puts things in perspective a bit.
Study for my research methods final, or remain a slave to Draw Something for the rest of the afternoon?
oh ok. I cant see u haha. There was a person holding a jid on their back.. Fml
“ thanks for coming babes :-) great performance”
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Cellphones powered by electricity too.
Moved into my dorm in Paris! It's a gorgeous old stone pile with soaring ceilings, huge closets, and tall windows.
Even More Notable Birthdays: Tori Spelling, Melanie Lynskey, Megan Fox, Marc John Jeffries.
#LakerHater4Life THIS IS GREAT!!!!! We up 2-0!!!! Mavs swept em last year in the semi's ....Who thinks the Thunder can do it?! :) proly lots
water heater, washer dryer, you cant help! You have a problem and cannot fix it. you gave away control
mane u will have them krazy azz folks payin stupid $$$$ for them boxes
yes Yes YES.
I wish a motherfucker would !
No. No way. Really? OMG!
RIP PUN & DILLA
RT :) high five * agree llill mama
you goin down tomorrow?
I think you are amazing ! I love you ! You are the New Selena Gomez !
Jim Boehim what a coach after 36 seasons he can still adapt to his team to make it the best it can be. We are witnessing a genius.
Hanging with the family
In their opening statements, Vince lays out vision for our city's future. Fenty lays out his attacks on Vince.
I can't rn Austin is so fucking hot...
is this part of your BobbyV defense? He's made some poor decisions. Dubrount out after 99?
Visiting town Tues-Fri for conference, any fun runs or workouts planned?
All these #grouptweetproblems could have been avoided. started this.
Scoop and Joseph should be ashamed of their efforts tonight.
haha throwback right? miss those days :) #youknowyourefromsandiegoif ...
Ah it's good to wake up to myself in morning.
Had a great time fest today - what an awesome festival, awesome staff and very important cause. Support if you can!
Discovering who you really are is one of life's continuous journeys...
um she will know anyway obviously bcuz it's on camera like its whatever
For great deals on toys and games visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
This was his answer for those wondering RT Yes, it will further speed up the demise of the company. I give 'em 18months tops.
I used to care, but I take a pill for that now.
I'm in for roller derby. Just looked at Padres schedule -- I see the conflict!
ANYTIME PRETTY!! WHERE U FROM ? I LIKE UR NAME BTW, U HOTTIE U :)
Lmao at all these drunk text pics i received and sent last night funniest shit
As a Dallas Cowboy and #UWHuskies fan, I wish well. RT : Chris Polk has signed with the Eagles... per
hindi would be great
haha. You're the sweetest.
such fake fans
Who's going to Faith & Family Night at the Silver Stars 2nite? $10 tix + JARS OF CLAY!!! Can't wait!!!
Swisher with the three run homer! Yeah buddy!!
Hey you should try it! RT : Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying.
please Mr. Cusack, don't encourage the over simplification of issues like GWB's war criminal status.. It does no good.
I've got nothing good to say about Kevin Garnett.
OK, let's all be honest. Who was on Hot or Not? Guilty here!
yeah D:
I LOVE YOU
you're a poet and you didn't know it ;)
This game went from unwatchable to riveting.
Come on Josh Hamilton.
I guarantee that if you just focus on that, you'll make it to gold league easy
Holding hands>>>
Celebrate St. Patrick's Day
Pretty sure MXMW is the dream endgame for , considering they added a tech/culture forum this yr
saw that, thanks! Now you get to go conquer the world :-P
well for you I will brave the rural. Truly I have no business being such a city girl being from BFE Pennsylvania
Meanwhile, in non-breaking WTA news, Agnieszka Radwanska and Caro Wozniacki are in bad shape with two majors coming up in the next 8 weeks.
thanks for the spot last night. Sorry for the chair shot to the back, but you asked for....literally. Next time I'll just F5 you.
We'd like to support your 2012 High Line Spring Benefit, can offer our space & wine recept. for pre/post gathering. Interested?
#justinthanksfor being extremely sexy when you dougie.
I've never been in Asheville, but I've a dear friend in Charlotte who is mad at me for not visiting.
Goodmorning beautiful People<U+2661>
: Plz nick follow me I love u it would make me the happiest girl ever !!!!!
I got through email already. That's a good start!
Bout to go smack Fairfield around in volleyball
I think it's awesome. I think I'll write a book:) Unfortunately, for K-12, many schools won't be able to purchase iPads.
Headed to tha crib but don't feel like my night should be over yet.
It's not gay when it's in a three-way, With a honey in the middle there's some leeway
It's going to be a fun time! Challenging too, I imagine.
well I'm only 5'1 :/
working on wedding pics while the kids sleep :)
damn! That stupid jersey came in today...guess I'll be posting that pic soon...wack! FTL!
Yeah, i'm in the same place, but still working as of this week. If the show isnt picked up though, i'm prolly out on my ass.
Met with rep from yesterday about product line. Very impressed! Looking forward to testing them out with a few clients.
Thank you.
Basically, yes.
When we are no longer able to change a situation we are challenged to change ourselves
& Lauren: #MtVernon was the place to be tonight. Thanks y'all.
haha pshhh I'd love you to if you gave me those :)
don't you buy me nothing, all I feel is one thing. Your lips, on my lips. It's a very merry christmas.<U+2665>
What is your fondest #volunteer moment? Pls share!
Ditto with the different lines. Do you have CESSP and/or EHESS logos on the card too?
“In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.”
let me know if you wanna set up a release date we can make a cover art photo for the promo.
doing his best Raul ibanez impression
mostly highway?
I don't like bananas. You still love me doe?!(:
1030am to 230pm recording session in the #platinumsuite and now a 6pm to 9pm production session in the #writingroom at
Now following Happy Puppy Bowl 2012 everyone!!!
This sounds good, and easy. Thanks
Life is All About How you Handle Plan B, Plan A is always my first choice
Having the highest GPA in the Big Ten consistently might have something to do with it?
If your a bird im a bird. <3
Kobe isn't messing around anymore. This is our year.
Would you get plastic surgery if cost weren't an issue?
I dream of giving birth to a child who will ask, Mother, what was war?
...so you ordered wine at at a diner...doesn't seem like a good plan to begin with!!
The SCoop was awarded Runner Up for Best TV Show on this year! Great night at the TV8 Wrap Party!
same here!
I liked my grandma until I lived with her.
GWBU now up 47% from our initial alert
Yes, it all makes sense now. (BTW, did you see James Parker is a finalist for a National Magazine Award?)
Thanks to Paul from and for a great interview and write up!
I might of over did it today. I feel like shiiiiiit. Same thing tomorrow, rinse and repeat.
RT Dear Please print oil. Now.
We will be back on the air for Game 1 of the NBA Playoffs.
#stm2012 use of citation tools & article databases crucial to helping define research direction for T. Grove
“ Hey boo RT : “ Where my boo at?”< Right here”
Way to go Red Wings! 4-1 win over the LA Kings -Kristin Burns
Given the rest of the cast of characters residing on Yawkee Way, wouldn't surprise me...
New Machine Turns Zebra Mussel Shells Into Sand – WBAY Green ...
That national anthem felt like it lasted twice as long as normal.
I told this boy that its over....he just doesn't get it
Every moment every smile - priceless RT : : I take comfort that we made him smile.
im down
that is ADORABLE !
don't be like that , tex me .
No Adam, your account is off my list and I have not touched it in weeks. Change all the passwords asap!!
the party dont start til i walk in : )
I MAKE NO APOLOGIZE NOR EXCUSES FOR WHO I AM; I #EMBRACE ALL THAT I AM & #WILL BECOME! THE STRONG SURVIVE!
i tweeted you ! you never replied loll :) imy
srry bout ur voice -Not fun!
FINISH HIM
Only 3 more weeks of school LEFT!!! :)
bummed I missed x-tina. : Someone hose down Angie :)
Finished first ep of new factual series, Off the Grid...
Happy Easter! How wonderful! That's great to here Matt :) We're happy for you!
Finally taking my ass to sleep... Wake me when its dark out again!
Commence GONUTS portion of tonight !
that's great! Merry Christmas!
You can pick anything in life but Love
Thanks for MT!
: Thanks for hosting such an incredible evening with Erin Gruwell of Put shivers down my spine. Inspired.
hearing LeRon McClain signed with KC. Any truth to that?
Is it bad that I sometimes wait to feed my cats because they're extra nice when they're trying to get food?
“:The truth told, vulnerable & beautiful,the true essence of grace on "
Enjoy concerts discounts with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
FUCK HER. Good God this is so fucking stupid.
When you create the transaction next to the "charge" button is three checkboxes "share on venmo, fb, twitter"
I want to bring back the sharktooth necklace
At cosi with my sexy boy
Love that place!
aw what happend to mee nobody talks to me anymore i get 1 follower everyday WHAT HAPPEND TO ME!!!! :'( YALL LIKE MY SIS BETTER FINE!
Omg. Watching Steve Wilkos. This stupid little bitch on this show is making me mad!!
Thanks babe* ": Now followin the beautiful "
Thank you, much appreciated sir!
Watch out for the HOA There is an evil lurking in many neighborhoods. It is the bane of every homeowner’s and real estate investors’ exis
when does bag of money hit iTunes?
Girl behind me on bus: only ur mom cares about your foreign service exam, grad school plans or friends already in the foreign service
thanks for the follow!
“: Everybody talks and everybody listens but somehow the truth always comes out missin” this one of my all time favorite!!!
order online at pizzashuttle.com!
I believe that the niche support can evolve into something larger.
This is going to be a SICK show! Can't wait.
I've gotten to the point that I mainly watch NatGeo and Military channels now.
Researching multi-touch interfaces...
Some coworkers are living with their parents to save money. My family & friends have done it too.
I'm good. Got to go :P Lexi, Taylor, Ella, me and the guys are going to the mall. Bye beautiful!
a street team is a group of people that work together to support peyton and make his dream come true <21
i know what you mean - did notice the bit about the study methodology though. Reliable or no, I could do with less sitting
When are we going to get to see that photo? Can't wait!
Escaping to florida for a week
home dude. We've got a sick patio :)
And coming from you, that is high praise. Thanks Mark.
Holy Christ, a shot from the point on the PP ends it
Compton football hires Jordan asst Brian Burkes as head coach. His OC will be Eric Scott
You can click on a place and see who's there and who's been there, and they are people I don't know. It's a little much for me!
RT : Pics from last night's opening of the Columbus Historical Society and celebration of Cols' 200th Bday. Thanks to all!...
When you try be there for someone who means a lot to you but they dont want you to
Thanks for sponsoring LoveVoodoo's Photo contest this month!
can't wait to meet some #sake <U+2665>ers in 60 minutos. #sakefestpdx goers - stop by vine connections table to taste our boutique ginjo sakes
Bout to kick it with princess Leia and r2d2.
Anybody know what the Hampden fireworks are about?
Finally feelin caught up and everything's lookin good. I'll take it
I hate cigarettes & the smell.
last few hours in #Vegas. Thanks for a great weekend!
Goosebumps just *thinking* of sing "Freebird"
RT : #museumfactmonday: Did you know?– The first flash bulb was developed by GE in 1927.
Retribution Gospel Choir For Her Blood
im surprised didn't let his caddy drive...
FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts waiting for the next vote dump to call the race for Charlie Hales, and Jefferson Smith.
Im so hyper & energetic . Or however its spelled :p
what happened to your one direction fanfics?
I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying that I approved of it.
You mean because there is no such thing as a holiday weekend for writers? We're always working!
just bought #UnderTheMistletoe on iTunes!
is it worth picking up?
Members of congress clap nervously hoping not to be caught scowling.
Dude.. I'm freaked out. You should get your's looked at ASAP. I'll let you know what she says when I leave there today.
Small habits well pursued betimes, may reach the dignity of crimes
"It's not about forgiving, it's about transcending the experience". Male rape survivor.
Job Seekers: Check out HOT IT JOBS in your area by clicking on the Job Seekers tab at www.tekpartners.com.
Quote if the night ...so far..."you don't have the right to speak in a southern accent"
Excited about #newsroom...love the press, politics and
Please share your winter survival skills with me!
I could definitely be swayed... i'll send you a DM with my EM and you can give me the details?
It is a pause button from the Supreme Court...just a delay.
are we ever gonna see you on 's website!?
cant wait 2 see u in London :) luv ya x
can this week be over already?
Daytime #curfews indiscriminately punish all juveniles.
Cannot find a job in NYC, so I joined Twitter to "network" and generally have something else to do besides apply for more jobs.
Get one soon! Lol! Hope to have you back asap! Have a great holiday!
do they know hell was invented in the dark ages?
Oh sure I can fall asleep on the couch but not in my own bed.
I wonder how many of the conditions we asked for we'll get in the QCOM approval! I believe we wanted around 1,000. Give or take.
106 today hot hot hot !! Cool off with a Fresh Frozen squeezed lemon/limeaid BUR!!
Haha I may just have to, and hey at least you aren't the only one awake.
I have sucha nasty mouth I really need to stop cussing it unladylike to me
yeah, somewhere on the marble, it's friiday already...I think I'm pretty safe :-))
I wish you would see me and tweet me something nice...
#icantstandpeople that straight up smell like smoke.
How do Religious Education teachers mark exams? With spirit levels.
It took me a while too. You can't exactly skip a stone from Steve Kurtz to Cy Twombly!
lol no they all copy off eachother. Goodbye.
hang in there, hope it isn't hot.
EVERYBODY GOT JOKES
The #Patriots draft Alfonzo Dennard. He is a steal in the 7th round. Has off field issues
I think I might just go ahead and do one then. xD I need something to do with my madness and energy.
The #BostonMarathon only took me SIX hours! Most people who came had left already! What a star! Congratulate me!
Well, now we know what The Babbling Idiots on ESPN will talk about for the next 2 days.
Two college exams today. Pretty sure I aced them :)
Welcome back the football season!!! New gridiron-inspired Sound Design, and more, up now on #productionvault!
I know why you're doing this.
Another week of European fears?
Wild! I think I'm going to write a paper this spring about aerial photography as anthropological method.
Thanks for following us!
Beautiful, incredible singing today, DV (as usual). Hugs from J & J...
Yeah!! Guess who it is? Next time logout. Love you even though your Josh's hoe<3
plz help me get to follow me...:)
Class Homework Gym Work ... So many things, so little energy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Hey, is the coolest. Recognize.
Tonight at Trapeze: [ATL] Hospitality employees are in FREE! [FTL] Skip the polish tonight- We're doing your nails at the club!
How the f does one get tickets to this movie? I WANT. And in walking distance from arclight! Woo!
RT mad cow disease discovered in CA! PROOF that we need less industrial regulation and fewer consumer protections!!
I was watching the History channel (space related) and fell asleep.
Fucking love converter!
Sucks that I have to work tonight. I'm gonna miss Rupaul's drag race. *sniffle*
Visit this website for more information Ways to Make Money Online
She is, indeed, a BEAST of the highest order. Take good care of her over there in Boston.
Today I'm snagging a few EP's to use as a Stormtrooper bribes in tight situations."This is the record you're looking for!"
thanks so much! :)
we would be honored Breeann!! Can't wait to see it!
OMG, OMG, no more Redline's in the fridge! Ugh... Hm.... Must... Find... Caffeine...
HAPPENED TO HEATH LEDGER AND DISBTURBED HEATH TO THE LEVEL THAT HE WANTED TO ESCAPE THROUGH DRUGS. THIS CAN HAPPEN TO ANY ACTOR WHO
North Korean DVD disclaimer: "copying of this recording prohibited" Is it supposed to be reverse psychology?
Thank you to Debbie, Amber and Olga and for hosting bowl making parties for the AEBP.
how am I SO blessed? Or maybe spoiled? You spoke my love language today. Sweet surprise! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! xo
Brian Dennehy's best role...with the exception of Tommy Boy's dad.
I really wanna grow up, but then yet again I also want to cherish my childhood.
at least we didn't get swept
nice to see you on Twitter!
I have informed the self-centered friend that he is a grade A jerk. And now I shall drink wine by the pool.
This #lockedupabroad episode is something else! People when traveling keep an eye on your carry on!!!!
Lol I think my graduation will be memorable enough without that.
Are you talented? Upload your video and music on Good To Go.com
neither am I!
Man, refund the fans for this game. Terrible.
I'm with When I'm really into something I subscribe via email, not RSS; comes to my inbox if I remember or not
My sleep schedule is just getting worse.
I can be a little too raw sometimes #ohwell #sorrynotsorry :)
have u done the follows for follow friday yet? i hope not cuz i dont wanna miss out like always :( love u so much plz follow
Where do I find the unpublished Beacon?
off to to see The Rivalry !
Froggy Jet flying right now! #FroggyFlyaway to #CMAfest with
Disney Channel Dominates as TV&#39;s #1 Network in Total Day for the 3rd Consecutive Week Across All Target Kids 2-11 ...
uh oh youre on to me!!!! Jk
Favorite 80's rock band?
Photography is a major force in explaining man to man. ~Edward Steichen
Meh, it's a long way from your heart.
“: Dear best friends, always remember that when you fall, I'll pick you up. But just "after" I finish laughing.”
I hope it's not in Bernie's Terrace! Bo. I am ready for tailgating too. Money in pocket! :)
either that is very deep, or maybe you should cut your losses and whip up some crepes. Bon Appetit.
#TeamFollowBack I got the second #AmberCole video on my page lmfao she is a smeeze
she leavin u for mayor? RT : The email sent me right now. Just broke my heart.
#uknowubrokewhen you swiping two cards to pay for some bread and juice...times are hard child....
i hope today will be good
What are you reading? We need a book that is that intriguing!
True intelligence is not measured by the degrees one acquires, but by an unwavering commitment to happiness.
yeah it is bruh
Omg! You are so right!! I like those majors! Can't wait to take that in college!!!
People can and do change...it just don't happen very often...
Da worst thing to c is a beautiful women mes sd ing around wit da ugliest guy around
RT : Verizon customer service has been having "unusually high call volume" for 10 years. Congrats, guys!
What do you want/need? :)
LOL The Melby's definitely should come in sometime soon! :)
THIRSTY THURSDAY EVERYBODY! Come on in to Whiskey Chicks and all you ladies will drink FREE from 10pm-11pm...
that song makes me cry. EVERYtime. #mm#loveit 'but you went away how dare you, I miss you.' <<<</3333
but seriously... you should totally lemme know if youre still gonna be in Chicago tomorrow because i will go downtown 4 U
What? You were up here (Detroit)? I've been mia on twitter for a bit. What was happening in Detroit?
Watch for tomorrow's IBTV Inside Peek with Dan Culligan at FoodUSA a specialty cheesemaker in Blue Mounds, WI
Good morning, happy Friday. Just going to clean my apt, w/ help do laundry and other errands. Monday I will start working out at the gym
Haha, its cool! (:
Great, Huge....Tracts of Land? RT : haha, no, the last few tracts of land.
That's so funny!
We're gonna have to come up with a great trick this year, though. The pups always win!
Did you know? Regular massage can help you avoid headaches. Proactively reduce your stress!
My first (but very small) published academic piece will be licensed under creative commons and I still retain rights. What could be better?
When it comes to car-salesParkrose Auto Center is your place, We are among the best for getting a great deal on your vehicle.
twitter guess what im walking a pit
ITS CRAZY HOW OTHERS GET A FASTER RESPONSE THEN OTHERS BUT I GUESS IT'S ALL IN THE WHO CARES FOR WHO THE MOST
congratulations to jay z and beyonce your Boy H
Glad u posted piece about our panel but would have appreciated a tiny shout-out for asking all those Q's myself...
Ah...Finch...sadness:(
it wasnt about golfers! it was about old people. i couldn't hear it, just see it.
having an ongoing conversation with about books i've read that made me cry. anyone want to join in? use:
Man, crappy showing from the Staples Center. Even without seeing the replay, how do you applaud the guy on his way off the floor?
Thats the hardest part RT : Keep it simple
#packers #charleswoodson Green n Yellow!
RT : The 911 is still relatively affordable. Now, 911 Turbo maintenance...911 Turbo is still on my OWN list!
I will take the lead with my honesty, always.
Players of both teams stay inside for the national anthems. Wouldn't want to have to put on a jacket. Classy.
I think there's actually more zombie action in the Bible
So if the show #WalkingDead did a halloween episode, what would that look like?
I dont wanna cause a scene, but I'm dying without your love.
Anne Hathaway is currently in Miami. I repeat Anne Hathaway is in Miami
it takes time, painful time but it'll pass. Oh .. Idk we haven't talked since beginning of high school. loads of NEW info.
I can't seem to log into my secret Twitter account that I use for making fun of people that love me.
Enjoying a beautiful Memorial Day weekend.
Bookmarked! Thanks for the site. I can't wait to rummage through it.
So now you've got leftover #candyhearts and chocolates from Valentine's Day... Make to sure be careful biting into hard candies!
you'll find someone it takes time to find her
Btw, good morning twitter peeps!
"Stretch that skull-cover and smile" - Jack Kerouac. Happy Birthday Jack!
why am i always hungry?!
sold another!
we should be golden then, next week!
always manage to get avocado on my face. it's delicious though. the avocado.
Last night was a great episode! Props to for the win!!!
Think "extension" - automatic if extension filed on time and gives you to 8/15 (I think)...
Thanks to my AMAZING guests & , April was Radio Enso's best month yet!
Heat blaze Spurs melt
They did NOT refer to Marcus Bachman as playing Cam on Modern Family....
“The heart surrenders everything to the moment. The mind judges and holds back.” ~ Ram Dass
I find the idea behind Thea Harrison's next book fascinating. #5 in paranormal rom series revisits couple from
trend follow #MattsChance for updates on the local
Ms. Kirkendall speaks to the LCPS Board regarding the advantages of FLES for native speakers of Spanish and how FACTS not opinions matter.
I bet is watching on her Kindle Fire
Wisconsin remains undefeated on games shown on TruTV
#HELP Hey guys, any of u ever purchase a Petunia Pickle Bottom bag? How is it sold? In a box, bag, w/tags, on a platter? #AYÚDAME THANK U :>
i tweet better than most men, yet can't break 320 followers. glass ceiling!
Pitched a complete game last nite, 7 strikouts, 5 innings, no runs scored!
Spring break cant come fast enough !
That would definitely be hot. I would love to cum over there.
Thanks for the yummy follow!
The extension for routs my request through my U's library, even when I'm off campus. Easy-peasy.
RT : Rossford Police need your help identifying the suspect or van in these surveillance photos. RT to spread the word!...
we are all the grateful for the music you make! I SMILE BECAUSE IM BLESSED TO BE LIVING IN THE SAME ERA AS KMK
Pie pie pie pie pie
I'm gonna buy watch the throne on wax for just so I can watch him shatter it on the ground and set it on fire in his hotel room.
So, they only enforced the restriction on some apps with more than 5 keywords?
Washington has sent four New Hampshire companies to Roxbury, MA, to reinforce the Continentals defending the Boston Neck.
Today doesn't feel like Thursday -_-
I'm falling in love with golf so much I forgot I play football
Love laughing? Tonight is Laugh in a Box, featuring some fav local & national comedians. $10 gets you in & drink specials all night!
cards are here - QR code works perfectly
I'm in the city of today, wall to wall though, probably can't touch base.
Appreciate your quick response! As long as John's name disappears in connection to the story, he'll be happy.
Kastles tennis stadium. Come to the living social event!
“: Ended my school day laughing to kevin hart. #coolazzteacher”hell yea 1st period is the best
loves the Plant Me Pets by as seen in our report about Kids' Gardening!
chyll as day at the bro's house juss sipping on them Corona's!
thank you Tara!! :D that means a lot!!
Follow me cause I really want you to notice me :D
It was just a cool quote I saw.
lets join the army, easy way out ha
Lock it 12m for another Grown & Sexy Slow Mix
Was at a party that served your food on Saturday- amazing!!! Can I please have the recipe for the chard & cauliflower, couscous
Turned the 21" #Weber into an adjustable-height 21" Weber. Should make transportation to vital #Brewers tailgating adventures easier.
Beat God of War.
I'm rollin' somethin' that taste like fruit
Lot's of leftover #easter candy!
I just want to be successful!!! I want 2 B the female hugh hefner please! Its more fun that way 4 sure!
just fyi. I broke a mofo. Obnoxiousness gone...all flowers and rainbows. W/o even a touch. Willpower? Or just P O W E R lol
gonna get those new topsiders at pennys! Their the shit!
thanks for the letter boo!! I love you and your family so much!!
I'll check it out
reading your book for bookclub and loving it! Thanks for sharing your innards with us :-)
I miss my brother :'( x
First day @ work!
check me out on 106&park lmfaoooo
I tend to agree, but I don't mind the endless chrips from my Rangers fan friends. It's part of being a fan.
Hey it's like the movie and tv series, "Friday Night Lights".
Did you get your film in yet? DC-focused films due November 1st! Thats 4 days away!
#guessthesong "This one is for the boys with the boomin' system Top down, AC with the coolin' system.." if you don't get this im sorry
Aha kool, he doing music! Yall should hook up sometime though
thanks you too! :)
Fagin: People seeing science as closer to what it is: a messy but noble process. It's our job to show that as close as we can
I'm so funny!
the are you new to class one lol
"Knock knock!" "Who's there?" "God!" "God who?" "Just kidding, there is no God!"
lucky sir! It's going to be electric in new Orleans afterward
Thanks for the shout out, Tansy!
I am going to search for them if I find I will let you know where and how much.
If I could walk on water, tell you what's next, make you believe, make you forget
Loving Metro Station. I always seem to get into bands after they stop being popular.
It only took me 2 hours but I learned how to tie a legit bowtie a few months ago. Never return to pre-tied!
: wow, you should've said, "no...its #2076"
Our conferencing service dropped a client call. As the Red Queen always says, "OFF WITH THEIR HEADS."
Happy Mommy Day also
I thought I was reading something I tweeted LOL. We got a lot in common
ur such a jocker!..u would think d wade is ur man or sumn...dang :-)
We love you too :-) RT : i had a GREAT TIME WITH AND I LOVE THEM
Finally omw home from #Work my lil size 4 feet hurt :/
RT : "Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads."_____Henry David Thoreau<U+263A>
So I am in and 's stomping grounds today.
Gotten a lot of questions on Trocha vs. Harrell. Harrell makes more immediate impact, but Trocha could be a lottery pick in 2-3 years.
Good Morning #Baltimore! Off to work the youth track meet followed by a double header for team WATF in the league! Lets Go!
wow, and I was just joking when I said it....
You & I would make great sister wives to Betty! Wait... is this getting weird?
shit is too entertaining
Designers need some ver of this: In whatsoever place that I enter I will enter to help the sick and heal the injured, and I will do no harm.
I like it when they have fried avocado... which is all the time. Hal & Als...l'm in.
Senator Byrd was responsible for keeping po's open long after they closed in other states. $8 billion deficit...
believe it or not, #dl10 inspired new needs analysis ideas/inspiration. That's my action post conf.
my blog has been scraped of almost 400 posts is there a way to report a whole blog to ?
Dear coworkers: please do not call me at 5am and ruin my day before it's started. THANKS
don't forget Colts passed on Williams and took Edgerrin James
Back pain affects over 100 million Americans! Get a #massage this weekend to relieve your pain at Massage Envy Spa Cottonwood (505) 922 0202
Drank in my cup <3
Any suggestions for beer/month clubs? Specifically ones that won't just ship me a bunch of west coast stuff I can find in the dumpster?
I would be SO down for that. Set it up!
Kiss of death! Oklahoma Sooners grab No. 1 Spot
only a 12" one.
"you can look at the menu, but you just can't eat.."
Working w on a Pig Dinner for Jan 25! A whole pig menu, can u imagine it? Pig cheeks and pork fat and bacon...
<--- now following(:
lmbo! day bf thanksgiving and nothing in the works...how would you feel lol
Don't ever leave a beer unfinished. There's sober kids in Africa.
Eyes already peeled. If you recommend, I cannot wait to get there.
I so want to go sounds awesome!
love you :)
Hear good things about Shirky's new book.
Sigh. Moving The Confident Introvert blog to a new domain is taking way longer than I thought.
my speakers were going hammer with your music. First time listening to it. I'm down with #RxM movement
sounds cool. make sure you submit it. i noticed it wasn't on the site as of last night.
we r a nonprof that supports public art in SD would love to support the project or document the finished piece DM us an email
Thanks for the RT!
thanks for the follow
come out tonight
We answered and offered to meet in person as your convenience. When you have time, please let us know. Thanks for following!
Not strictly. You know whiih IP address they are connecting to, but you don't see the "Host:" header.
All better now. How was it?
hah I wish a ton of people said stuff! :p <3
A1 customer attention from : a little wait, so a free beer, caesar salad. Live in Bed-Stuy? Only pizza joint ()
#TEDxABQ I loved Diana Northup. Mentors have the power to transform lives. We help people find their passion!
I love you so much baby!
RT : Fool an #Aquarius once, they smile but shame on you. Fool them twice they still smile but you gonna get your face beat in
goodnight tweeters!!!
Hi Bethi, I love how you love me loving you and your tweets
So many #5deMayo parties... So little time to celebrate!
In February EFG Creative will be accepting resumes to fill a marketing position. We are currently writing the job desicription, send your …
Low-key relationships last the longest.
lo-tech text mining for the Digital Humanities. Excellent resource: is.gd/XRZtZm
This just in: my belated lunch break will involve a cozy chair, a good book, and a sunbeam located nowhere near my office
<------------- stop bein soo cute:)I WISH I WUD FIND A GUY LIKE U:) plzz follow bck
Ballmer refuses to even attempt to innovate and would rather just run things into the ground.
thanks for the #ff sick about Mo
The Foreigner. Blank Generation. Night Lunch. 2nite.
Cheatin is wrong..but dnt give someone a reason to cheat or leave yo ass
Rick could do it in three......he's just that good....
I advise you to say your dream is possible and then overcome all inconveniences. ~ Les Brown
And the winner of $150 driving is… (drum roll, please): ! Congrats & enjoy your #getoutandzip trip!
thank you for the RT! God bless!
the wise words of
Taxis are a way of life in NYC and you never know who you might end up sharing a cab with. Tell us about your taxi networking success story.
Great to see you this week, and . You are both such wonderful thinkers and tinkerers. :)
that God raised him from the dead you shall be saved romans 10:9
On my way to class first I have to stop at the starbucks to power up Spanish here I come!
You should come down for my birthday next weekend!
Thanks for the follow - feel free to source content from us and as always - we love referrals.
Homework: define the amazing experience that people will have with your product says at
lol how long ago did i say this?
Or check out so you don't have to repeat.
trust me if praying actually worked, the world would be an even worse place
Feeling congressional. Hard not to get excited about bills that are still in committee, need to take it easy..
Tweet tweet! THUNDER UP!!!
Does a 'Marks-A-Lot' marker, mark any more than a regular marker?
Anybody out try Zumba? Fun!
The Executive Board is off to our Transition Retreat on the coast soon. The Exec. Board-elect will be joining us Sat w/ Dr. Goldrick.
According to SWE’s project manager, (name)...is project manager capitalized?
you dont think ceramic teddy bear is a suitable representation of my self?
Oh and , I miss you too!
ima make your car grind the foor in the future :O
Gonna get my eyebrows done for the first time.
Have the courage to remove a feature. OH: ~"I'm being held hostage by my users."
In "Never Without You", Ringo's heartfelt tribute to George Harrison the guitar solo was played on the record by Eric Clapton.
Reservation made. Hamptons, Maine, Boston - and my dear family - here I come!
Hi ! Thank you for the follow! How is biz? Ready for spring break?
Page Fencing expands nationwide with HubSpot
No idea :( Want me to post it as you? Maybe I can do that as the admin.
followed back
Happy Friday everyone! Don't forget to check out #KnowHowToDance & #UhOhh on iTunes for some weekend music #Pink&Purple
Fina cut my hair !!
Re-watching Designing Dashboards
Deal pushes technology in schools
right, your sentence was 'not clear'
damn!! those look good. craving sweets so I am baking chocolate chip cookies.
New Years Eve Rock & Bowl tickets are selling like HOTCAKES! Get yours ASAP Boston before they sell out!
#BBW I can't take #Evelyn serious at all
sorry if this annoys anybody, but i'm going to earn $1 for cancer. 8
Gosh darn it, purple. Why are you so hard to work with?!
Young men need Fathers!!!
- Amy Wilkins: We have to get much better at acceleration standards for kids that enter behind
Why are all these performances so awful? Is Cube paying all the other groups to perform like crap so 4minute will look good for once?
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: Accident Southbound I-35 at Braker on the service road
what is favorite rhythm guitar of choice? what's your old trusty you always go back too :-)
yes! Just watched that episode last night... Can't get enough of that show!
we will meet very soon. I've got some ideas on how we can help each other's goals.
You train people how to treat you by how you treat yourself. How are you treating yourself today? From
Taco bell and Adkins should get together on a few topics
First game at edgemont!!
i been working out in the mornings again. feel good afterwards. doing my old football agility workouts.
Hypocrites piss me off
oh wow Zoobrew2012 sounds fun. I may just have to buy a ticket...
What percentage of sun dried tomatoes do you think are actually dried in the sun?
Muller: there's an app for that -- competition for apps to promote development using World Bank resources.
RT Listening to this deep house music while doing coursework like a boss
Had dinner with Andy Smiley, CL Werner, Chris Wraight last night after #adepticon. Was epic and had some great discussions.
RT : my timeline went from hilarious to boring in about 10 minutes >:P
pretty boring friday...
yes, & answer was why focus on one category when talking about an overall fabric?
Aww thanks! So what's going on today?
There is no love without compassion (from my tea bag :)
just keep taking money out of the local economy. That will create jobs.
waiting for Les to say you can go home is even worse.
Hahaha nah, it wasn't about you dude. Totally got confused at first. Stoked to see you there man
if u could go back too any day in ur life what day would u go back too and y????<3
Me “: How many of yall actually go yo CIAA for the games?”
having to find moves at home. weak sauce.
Does anyone watch Baggage?
We will be on Fox59 this Friday at 7:45 and 8:50 so tune in.
Omg!!!!! What a #day #really what a #day #ugh Cereal Bowles
“ Spring break kick off party. Yes we back at it aging them #308boys live in full effect tonight FREE DRINKS. Get at me for info.”
As of this morning, I have applied to exactly one hundred jobs. I suppose that means my chances of getting an interview are increasing? :)
I swear this blunt said light me!??
All weeks it been hot AF && it decides to be cloudy today ?? (<U+FFE3><U+30FC><U+FFE3>)
Might buy a Subaru Outback tomorrow. Too bad The Big 3 don't make a wagon, sans the Cadillac they stole from Saab.
My legislators are so confident in their bigotry that they'll freely admit they denied someone a job due to their sexual orientation.
“: Poor girls who chase after dick .” lmao if they poor they should be chasing Money. Ass Backward Ass Bitches
On my way to Gma's house ...
Pink is a strong woman and if you say she is not then you don't know what she has gone through
u know u rollin bro
that awkward moment where you almost pelt the small family in front of you....
we can relocate to spain & the land of siestas. 1 am dinner=early. Or you can work in tech like I did and think 3 am = normal. Oy.
My babies' paws are tiny
Stomping the last bit of life out of the Cards :D
I wonder if I died.. will anybody miss me? Will they actually come to my funeral?
Melanie is the fastest speaker ever!
Heard about his outfit. Was going to ask you to post a pic. He is adorable.
Every morning coffee puts me in the best mood...but goes down hill from there al day
word. pop music is the bread and butter. everyone needs a soaring chorus.
Making tacos like a bawse *rick Ross voice* uh!
it's a blackhole. Once things reach the event horizon, they lose the abilty to feel. Her camel toe is a singularity.
Their true loyalty revealed: "Nazi Salute Gets GOP Lawmaker Ejected"
“: We have a commitment to care for our wounded, ill and injured and honor those we have lost" We all need to share that commitment.
Is that any more insensitive than calling Clinton "America's first black president"? (BTW, I think both are wrong, personally)
Thanks for the birthday love!
like the idea of cleaning hands before. What do you use at night that is safe for electronics?
Big support for my fellow Nigerian food ball player for the Giant. Hope u win supper bowl XLVI
Yesterday we planned our summer reading programs. What plans do other public libraries have? How do you include adults?
yes you do
Meek Mill - House Party (Feat. Young Chris)
Never looking at L the same way !
love outcomes oriented. We do the boot camp and need more follow-up
yess. i am. ;p gaaaahhhh. im so bored. but i dunt wanna go to school on monday.
why is the popcorn bleeding?!
my alienware m18x arrived. I'm so pumped.
#befoewomengetready they like to get there yells in
Book your rooms for the #balloonfiesta at www.Albuquerque.hyatt.com check out the room packages, hope to see you soon!!!!
oh :D
Let's Go Reds! Let's Go Reds! Let's Go Reds! Any predictions? Still rooms available for the huge sports weekend coming up!
According to statistics, 90% girls, saying: "Mom, I now spend the night with a friend, do not even go to bed.
“: me earther, I want to meet them:), I will pass out of happiness!
where are you baby? :(
's family made my night <3 they are funny and movie night was good c: we need to see
The poem of waiting for my tax software to load.
Show Doug that bacon covered cheese fries are always better than gravy covered fries!
Spring is Nature's Way of Saying, "Let's Party!" ~ Robin Williams
it's all good. Keep it real pops!
I "secretly" love when my sister pins baby stuff all over !!! :)
Post on facebook thins: Lms if you have a twitter. If you want followers comment your username. Then we can see.
She was at an event and couldn't make time for us.
A BIG thank you to everyone who stopped by our booth at the Wineries Unlimited Trade Show! We will see you next year!
shit, y'all drove right past loretta lynn's ranch and didn't stop? for shame. ;)
is improving supply routes.
remember when we would rap bar by bar when we was pre assigned last year? (':
somebody from west wood do u even stay in memphis
: Jay - "martin, can you put the radio on?" *radio goes on* ... "You cast a spell on me, spell on me" ... Awesome!!!
For the record, I'm still walking bow-legged.
Finally out of the ca and getting ready to eat some pizza at
Not cool bruh....not cool RT ": two years too late LOL"
You sound like a tool. Haha.
Shout out to Fabulous Follows #FF and
If you hear the words "oh yeah, suck it" coming from my bedroom, it's probably just my boyfriend vacuuming
Thanks for linking those docs. Interesting read.
raining at Tulane! RT : People are saying it's raining Uptown. We're still hot, dry, and jealous at Gambit World HQ in Mid-City.
Hubba hubba. I thinks i like the carnivorous you ;)
How am I gaining weight when I weigh 110 pounds lol god one
ha I'm probably gonna cut it again
Come back accepted <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
It's Friday and the '12 fellows have officially wrapped up their first week in their cities!So many Iconathon possibilities!
Happy Friendship Day Thanks for making me smile!
Na zdorovje! (Heard folks don't actually say that but I've got nothing else. So, congrats! Hope we can meet up before you leave)
Where to go for my next vacation?
#GoLakers. Raja Bell cannot stop Kobe. He's going to need a #drink when watching this game film
Are you going to take Amy Winehouse's personal Twitter page down? Please don't. They have plenty of memories in them for everyone. :(
Laugh now Ima make you cry later!"
not ready to say goodbye to and
Talking on the phone with a great guy ;-)
Im so happy!
#No one cares lollx
Need to put the phone down. He's not gonna text or call. Nothing's going I change....
A huge and sincere THANK YOU to and the team for including me in today's awesome #womcc event. Enjoyed every minute.
"You know guys, I have pretty friends."
Little kid asked my friend for her number
Oh, THOSE people I tell to turn them down. #itstheonesonthesubwayihate #journeydoesntjustifythemeans #THWARTED!
Just got back from the Aurora Bridge, packing up and heading out.
“: New daisy homie on Beale” how much?
Indeed it is! :)
When you need nothing, you will have everything.
my brother is a programmer for Narrative Science. We take sibling rivalry to strange and troubling places.
wow sounds divine!
Luv seeing gasser walk away from bo when he's talking to him. What a brat
told today that the district will have an updated Student Code of Conduct (not policy) to include anti-bullying by July 2012.. Seriously?
Remind viewers that GOTeaParty hate the Lorax and think it's promoting a socialist agenda
Trying to force myself to be creative right now and it sucks. When did my hobby become such a pain in the ass? Woof.
I drink a lot I smoke sometimes but its my life. I'm young not dumb I just do it for fun. don't worry bout me I'm just living free
The disappointment you had when you found yourself
I have more song ideas than time. Not a bad problem to have, actually.
I know lol! And the bookshelf is no longer above the bed, nothing is!
You can catch me in the back with a pop trying to get the high score.
sounds relaxing
Model challengers, DIY edu, analytics...Baer's trends to watch.
#Costco has gone WILD for Christmas... Suddenly wish I had 12 kids and a uhaul
i've been exiled to take the bus... like are you serious parents, why do you all hate me!?!?!?!?
#fitness Community let's hear from you! What's you favorite motivational quote to get you through tough workouts? Help someone today!
Great panel lined up at #LVIMA....so excited!
have a safe flight <3
Have mercy and compassion for animals..Unite and Change the Lifestyle..Vegan is the way to be!!!!
thanks for the shout out! Don't forget
Don't fall for Satan's stupid temptations. Run to the father and hide under his wings! Glory to God Forever!
The #naisac12 video is dominated by accomplished men and mostly, white men. #inclusivity ?
Disaster for Fox ... Embarrassing for UFC.
Thank you! Love that clean code that you do :)
I'm thinking about runnin to get some
& just hooked me up w/#KrushGroove tickets! I'm in there excited to c & more! Happy B-Day 2 me!
So sad I have 2 presentations tomorrow-cant finish reading tonight :(
Your So Amazing Austin.
I wonder what is cookin' for his 40th birthday. Also I wonder what pie he'll have for dessert
I am a Vegan Nazi and that is all there is too it!!
12 minutes of basketball.....
#Peyton going to the #Broncos huh... That means #Tebow is going somewhere else...maybe to the Jags, we shall see.
We have 16 weeks of class and 1 week of exams per semester.
If you buy your tickets before the presale ends on 9/5 you get $5 off your ticket!
“ (phone vibrates) *runs across room* *jumps over couch* *fights off ninjas* *grabs phone* "damn, i thought u were someone else!!" -.-”
Love the name of your tea house ... from my favorite movie & name of my first car, which certainly played a great deal of Pumpkins!
It was fun, we just really went to get our membership kit and hit the record store today. Love it!
Have no fear fair weathered friends! Next Saturday, we'll be mobbin in the 80's.
Monster Mania Truck Show @ Lazy E Arena, Jan 7&8! Tickets start @ $8! For more info & to purchase tix visit Lazye.com!
"NOBODY'S PERFECT" "LEIGHTON" "OH"
Today marks the start of one of the few things that really matters in life and I don't know what I'd do without it.
Beautiful wrist shot by Patrick Kane. Can't help but enjoy the Blackhawks.
Thanks for following! Cheers!
the Voice is ON - and Rae Lynn is on as well!
Glad u & the family are enjoying your visit. My family luvs going up to Amelia & Fernandina - so nice, but never been to the R-C
of course! I did go to PUNahou.
Spare me the lies, my hearts heard enough. <3
I want u to come here!
‘French people are Italian people in a bad mood.’ - Cocteau
- great way to keep track of the installation dates for warranty purposes.
In fairness to Vince Young, he didn't specify what type of Dream (Team) he was referring to...
No, it's not okay. Ask Terp. She'll explain precisely why it's not okay to let people steal from you like that.
This might be the best day of college basketball outside of NCAA Tournament. Games all day, and most of them are close
For quality mixing and mastering Holla Vicksburg Mississippi certified with a degree
I haven't taken a language class so I don't know that much. xD
Nothing says summer quite like a watermelon! Thanks for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer.
Kewl! That means I can party hard tonight and not have a hangover because tomorrow is cancelled!! :)
So happy with the way that the jury just went on #DesperateHousewives <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Bitch! You change boys like your facebook statuses #REALTALK!
we never talk thats y
How about Simoneau making College Football HOF. Cool for the Redmen!
And the bigger the headphones, the cooler it was.
Meow. Frustrating morning ;; gonna go back to sleep
Krispy Creme on the way to school , now I'm in a good mood [:
Whoohoo! RT : Looking forward to seeing this Sat in Indy! Have to represent the love give us!
yeah that shit won't let me be ignorant when I want to be lol<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
first goal was offsides...the second, well....
<---- #shoutout ! Thanks 4 the follow I
Thank you all for the #charitytuesday mentions yesterday!
Unions had their place in American History to protect the worker, but those days are over. Unions are now destroying the American economy.
. was gchatting me from China. I said "subjugation of liberties." Then her internet instantly cut out. Coincidence?
Lost half my thumb/thumbnail into my pasta dinner. Microplaned it off with the parmesan. While watching 30 Rock.
only for a little
Meet Wealth Mmgmt <U+2605> in #Chicago! Investment Portfolio & FIN Plng Analyst. Will give 200%! Excel Expert.
Music Monday, what's everyone listening to today?
Gonna miss the friendly faces of MSCD.
Really starting to figure out that less really is more.
I'm trying not to remember it at all! cbus for st. patty's day be here or be square, spread the word!!!
Having a healthy breakfast is a good way to start your day.
i would love to audio battle someone..Track for Track and go 15 Rounds (15 Songs per Artist)
Haha nice, I know a few of those peeps, they're rad.
RT Really great people make you feel that you, too, can become great.<U+0094> Mark Twain
Happy Thanksgiving! at work...but got to spend time with some very selfess volunteers delivering holiday meals
! Gas-X with Maalox Extra Strength Chewables Anti-Gas Plus wild berry
Wino Wed. Wine tasting all day, fresh Arugula Salad, and while supplies last Banana Split Beer! Enjoy.
Ugh... Anxiety!!
The keyboard and trackpad holder I just got from Bullet Train helps. Now for a better chair.
Overtime... Oh great...
When someone doesn't reply to something personal..... awkward <U+E404><U+E40D>
Dude, you're not just a whistling dixie! How 'bout lunch someday? Do you eat food in the middle of the day?
follow back :-)
Yes, and if Nat had been born 11 days sooner, we'd have been "Irish twins." Now she looks ten years younger than me, the snot!
S/o to for being the hottest sophomore at Glen Este's prom <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Spring break seems to be breaking my children. Nothing major, just frequent, small injuries.
ready for today to be over!
Last night, Misty A. won an iPod Touch during our Apple A Day Giveaway? What'll we give away tonight? Tune in 7 & 7:30 to find out!
He sealed my pardon with His blood. Hallelujah, what a Savior!
Sometimes I just want to put my finger over the lips of dumbasses and just say "Shhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Off to bed... could talk to you girls all nite love ya! &
Power! Amazing only one light popped on. Pretty sure Josie tried every switch earlier "just in case".
Looking forward to #heat #bulls tonight !!!
I look like a fag.
Welcome 2 the growing consensus hub
3 more months until I'm 21 is this real?
The Academy Awards and Center Stage (the movie) are tearing me apart! Should I eat? Should I work out? Should I do both while watching tv?
chilling with the bra
I'm high lol
Congratz to American duo Kuchar and Woodland on winning the World Cup of Golf event
May be crazy but does Matt Barnes of ebrary have an uncanny resemblance to Colin Hanks?!
Really swinging gig last night with ( & ). Looking forward to more in 2012! www.artjazztrio.com
aww thank you , you are the best!! <3
I have terrible news! Hamilton is closed tomorrow :(
lol quite well
Whole side of my face num
Hockey Playoffs start tonight!!!!! SO excited. But so mad I can't drink until Sunday!
I know. I thought the headline was going to be a "Strawperson" argument. Nope. Totally straight-faced.
Thanks to expedition funded by , Saturn V rocket engines (#Apollo 11: first man on the moon) found in Atlantic (14,000 ft. down).
“: well what do we have to do to make it happen!!” we'll see how bad y'all want it.
my account has been hacked please excuse the random msg's dont report me ill fix it thanks!
aw, what a cute photo!
Broncos: Matt Flynn available. Buy low, sell high.
UM HEY YEAH CAN I LIKE HAVE YOUR EVERYTHING?? YOUR GONNA BE LIKE ONE OF THOSE GIRLS THAT MARRIES THE BOYS
In OT its not about who scores the goal, it's who makes the first mistake.
Trying to determine how long it takes for a tweet to get to a follower's phone after it's tweeted by following this account from my other...
If you believe in love*.*
Some days are just better with a bacon cheeseburger!
I know.
what the heck is that ?!
honesty is the best policy
Completing an application 10 minutes before it is due. That's how I roll.
Whether or not it's "a bit of a project", ANY recipe on your site is worth doing
RT : On my way to church....to see my brother become a better person.....
Luvin this weather! Stay like this please!
If the new Punk'd is hosted by justin bieber then I QUIT
Is it okay that I vehemently do not want to be at work today when I have a sick little guy at home needing my care? Ugh.
Video soon to come! RT : We hear the may have pulled off another flash mob.....
i'm conserving it so I can get a better scan which will aid the translation. French writer, writing in German makes it 'fun'
More and more reasons that remind why I'm ready to leave this place!
Great for you! Congrats Lee. Miss working w/you!
My gut says Kendall Wright.
Yes! "Resources" is soul-crushing too.
thanks for following
When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world. - George Washington Carver
Pretty great night, #sohot :)
Not to brag, but my Level 1 students totally kicked butt at "Yes And"-ing last night!
A cool new wok goes to ! (Thanks for donating!)
RT : Are you happy? Simple question, complicated answer, eh?
prepare for combat
Tip of the Day - If you use Twitter and Linked In. LinkedIn will automatically post your LinkedIn "Network Updates" to your Twitter page.
From everyone at Philippine PI, we wish you a Merry Christmas ad a Happy New Year! Thanks for following us.
maybe I spoke too soon...lol
Get your customers to call you. The more effort they put into knowing about your product increases your chances for a sale.
Its so nice getting to sleep in.(:
I need a new photo. Maybe can help me with that one.
no one's stunning my tweets
Thinking about changing my account, all smilers do is radiate hate and I dont wanna be put in there category...
belieber will always belieb in Justin
How can you not love Rick Ross? Dude is fat as fuck, blows kush in the white maybach, rich as fuck, former cop, good rapper and is on one.
No worries, - it shows how much fun you were having. See you next season for #dckaraoke!
Back by popular demand! ---> | Check out Trish on Tuesday's show. Oh and follow her!
Organizer at Ron Paul rally just announced crowd needs to squeeze in. Line outside waiting to get in
I am so bored lol i am in info tech
Oh, how I love the e-mail I just received/read/responded to.
follow back
Yes! Boudreau's Bitters (cherry) are available at the bar. $15/5oz. New menu tomorrow, come check it out and grab some bitters!
DO YOU FUCKING SEE WHAT YOURE DOING TO SHENELL??? DO YOU SERIOUSLY WANT HER TO KILL HERSELF???
can you please give me a shout out?
I despise that FB feature. "And incidentally, hey, look at that, we haven't messaged since November of '08."
Another special s/o to she be promoting her ass off!!!!!!! Giving us all a great look!!!!!!! We preciate that Forreal Forreal!!
once again thanks for the follow!!! Very appreciated!!!!
Looking forward to the game tonight! Good luck and
yeah, hardly productive my friends..
ok sounds good:)
Finished work early, having dinner with Jana and then going to the RC3 softball practice tonight. Not a bad Tuesday yall.
I dont think that they have there own accounts though..... :/
Sat and Sun folks! RT : Sunny and warm this weekend for ! Check out FB for details!
: Twitter should have a Like button :)) #thanks for sharing
ya, not sure- but feel 'uninspired' abt going spending more $ on gifts now. ?? oh well- i will have to 'get over it' ~ DM
Just saw a pin on pinterest for "healthy snack ideas". The picture. A bowl of fruit. Genius.
If you've never read "The Time Traveler's Wife," read that.
OMG THATS CRAZY!!! hope he gets better soon!!! oh yeah?!?!? I have been good super busy … how have you been?
aww thanks! I'm quite well, actually. Just been gone from twitter... Struggling to keep up with social networks...
I've been stuck on that week since I started. Seems like these programs are best case scenario. I suck at the sit-ups one too
Time to crank up the keyboard and get some work done!
RT : ...but we have at least been noticed and had a response, so now to have it played :-)
I have come to terms with the fact that I will never be a size 0
"Honey badger don't care" but he does get shared 4x more than anything else.
should be!! Sheesh!
While this is especially true with haircuts, also relevant to training! (2)
Ouch RT: Procedure for NFL draft is the pick poses first with Roger Goodell, then goes over to Saints table to get bounty set.
Standardized pricing will lead to pay raises for everyone/ well those smart enough to understand the big picture in our beloved wrap biz.
Yes indeed!! So fun. Thanks for hosting RT: Very successful girls #Oscar night!Loved having ...
It sucks when you like someone that your best friend liked first.
Hahaha yeah but when you're in the van with him he's actually a really good driver :'D -Tiana
Thanks for the shout out. I didn't realize you made such awesome sustainable baby gear. Very cool.
I feel like half of my school was walking around half asleep today...
Happy Labor Day!! BBQ later! :)
damn near
imho not offended #badjoke I think he wants to move on, not give #Limbaugh "more oxygen" tho panel needs more estrogen
lolz just making sure
Issac meet Terry and Chuck new puppy papas
admit it you still like the ICONic Boyz
Dang...life is crazy. I jus watched a vid of my fren Lee on my fone and I had to leave class cuz I started crying...
us too but our daughter is eyeing med school! Eek!
Where's the partay at?!
oh felt how you rule our lives!
LA Mayor Villaraigosa wants voters to approve an INDEFINITE extension of a half-cent sales tax used for #transit projects.
do we need a special pass to get into see Big Bill?
Gotta work on your own dime, until you can prove you have value.
Who is the scariest musician ever?
yeah mine. My Mixtape/Birthday Party.
Shopingggg!!!;D I have quite the passion for fashion(;
Idk bout that. They might win one but the way they was playing tonight ..... I don't see it.
Hey Fashion 5.0 fans! Happy hump day! We would like to know what our amazing fans' favorite colors are? Post a comment!
hahahaha it taught me how to tie multiple tie knots.
I saw her speak last year, I really enjoyed it!
you're too kind, sir. Thanks for helping us spread the word.
you smell
*granny voice* before u go and tryn talk about somebody else's front door, make sure u swept up under ya own shit 1st. LMAO
Congrats to the Kentucky Wildcats! I guess we'll never stop hearing it from Kristal Shannon :)
Anyone who studies Maya artwork knows that the ancients assigned multiple meanings to a single art piece/element. No single meaning exists.
this is coming from the guy who made the "snitch" allegation. Funny stuff.
yea, its not wut u say its how u say it... so I ask u how u said? Do u think u was rude?
15 hours. per week. How is anyone supposed to "provide professional direction, supervision, leadership" w/that?
Alec maybe you should hire a private media team that will dictate the questions asked you,and the answers that you want to give
Nothing more awkward than singing happy birthday to a person whose name you don't know
Agree! Thanks for helping make it great. I'm in Mexico and loving being in Houston @ the same time!
has Oprah + Deepak on right now. Compelling stuff.
lies u kno u wanna blow up right now
Enjoy life today. Don't get caught up in the worries and anxieties of life. Breathe in & out & say "I trust you God."
The most compelling name in the industry. MindFirstFitness.
Much of content industry looked like broadcasting 101. => Smart content providers are in the business of sharing & connections.
Story's not the only element of a game, though it's the metric I would demand progress in the most.
Good morning bro! Liking this rainy weather?
Think I'm jealous of a new nigga? That's why your my old girl.
interested in data and media file cleanup? Come to room 207 AB for the data cleanup tech tutorial!
If I had a British accent I would never shut up.
oh man.. that's crazy... sounds like he had an attitude...
Gym done , tanning done :) i feel good !
Realizing the hard way how difficult "Love on a farmboys wages" can be...
Just learned that I've earned a 'Best of 2009-2010' award from Stage Scene LA for 'Outstanding Performance by a Lead Actress/Drama'!
Get your tickets now for January 29th www.cagestars.com they are going fast
Just saw an Amish dude rocking a BlueTooth in his ear.
PickUpLine: I'll bet you $20 my dick can't fit into your mouth.
Thanks for the RTs!
My boyfriend got twitter to stalk me. I see you, creep.
Im watching fullmetal alchemist on netflix. I like this one better then the old one.
Yeah I love that stuff. My favorite marginalia was finding 17th c. quill-pen little kid scribbles in the back of an old book.
How can you guys let that happen D;
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
don't worry -- if I were your neighbor, I would give you an odd look ;-)
hey TLo - haven't been able to get to your site for a while. Are you down?
To caf or not to caf, that is the question.
tractorcade was amazing, the best, biggest crowd yet. this rally is huge ! the signs, the people, what an amazing day!
“: Thanks for the follow” thank you right back!
Its a monday for me. -_-
One of the greatest nights of my life lasy night. Lets hope I get to say that two more times!
I don't want to do this.
when's the last day you can pay ?
if i asked you who has the longer home run distance avg thus far this year, would you say Weeks or Ortiz?
Finally. The iPhone has arrived in my trembling hands. <hard to breathe>
aspiring/testing the waters. Would love a low paying regular to give me a deadline! I work best under pressure. :)
hey tom my friend or E, makes AMAZING MUSIC! hip hop, dubstep, and everything amazing. please check him out on youtube
Getting ready to JAMM!!
We hope everyone had a nice, safe, and enjoyable break! Enjoy your last day tomorrow!
dis is all bird fault which is y i turnt up & watch im really finna turn up on u two
hey brad great job tonight
Sending a special shout-out to - one of our incredible "PHAME: the H is for Honored Tour" sponsors! Thank you, CJ!
Congressman Andre Carson: "No doubt Near Eastside illustrates that we have already achieved so much! But only half time." keep it goin!
Are you gunna kiss me, then tell everybody?
online video stream of Lugar ed board isn't working ... que pasa?
was it on our lobby? I'm sure it was BC only idiots come here.
whats been up!!!
drooling over this iced capp while I only have $3.50 griff bucks left
8th Time Lucky For Nadal Rafael Nadal won the Monte Carlo Masters for the 8th consecutive year and proved 8th time round that he could en
South Dade's voice for justice was heard today! But the fight isn't over...
Just seated at Cadillac Palace Theater to see the musical South Pacific! Great seats!
Have 2 go to #Walmart, where some nationalities, who remain nameless, like 2 bring their ENTIRE family to shop. Its not #disneyland guys.
Resort Rentals of Hilton Head Island Announces the Launching of a Mobile Application of their Website
Another doctors appointment soon; hopefully I can finally figure out what I have...
I think should get a Grammy. :)
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Google+ Blogger Integration, Circles in SERPs & Larry Page Steals Zuckerberg 's Thunder
oh no! Everyone be safe tonight!
I have moved from page numbers to percentages.
Just sipped my 1st beer at the airport. Officially on vacation.
I will be releasing NBA plays tonight I am 21-4 in #NBA playoffs get my #MLB as a bonus 6-0 run for $75 or get month
Even better!
Looking for a quiet place to hit the weights? Look no further than ! We offer a 2 hour child watch program while you workout!
RT Looking for a blogger or two to regularly write about how to be an awesome parent. 21st century skills, etc @ if interested
It would be awesome if could support my web apps subscriptions such as , , and others.
are we together or what. I HATE LOVE its so compicated
Glee was WOW that's all i gotta say.
Headstrong Death Wish?
Yes ma'am, Friday the 27th. Shrine Circus. Love.
Buy fruit at its peak at a farmers' market and freeze it in an airtight container so you can enjoy it year round.
The google voicemail stuff = pure gold. I also love the Jen Kirkman calls, tho when I first started listening I didn't get it
Someone shout me out please, I will shout you back out!
coffee black,cigarette,spend my days like all the rest me & my buddies used 2 call coffee & a smoke a Don Williams breakast
No snooze mercy! The day doesn't wait for you. You must take it.
I just made up for the ones you didnt have haha RT : which turned into 12 more beers haha
Well it is all cake from here.
The awkward moment when my boss grabs my toes and tells me they're cute :l
or Porgy and Bess
We hear you in Columbia!
cool i send mine already it was small :( but urs looks cool
Just finished working a promo, heading back to my apartment to get some sleep, up early for day 2 of work as a Writer :)
FARO Focus3D vs. Leica HDS6200 side-by-side comparison today. Any specific questions/concerns? Email them to
Thanks so much Kelsey! Yay for short ribs too! :)
I want someone to love me so much, they're blind to my imperfections.
much love from Milwaukee to the east coast 1
Gotta love those post holladaze blues. This day can suck it.
May all that is metal be with you tonight! Have fun and be safe out there.
I'd rather have a hot head than cold feet!
awww yay I'm glad we make your day <U+263A>
I don't get how someone can actually care about their grades.
Happy wednesday!
That didn't take long at all. CHECK BACK HERE at 5:30 pm Est, for the first exclusive clip from It Came From Yesterday!!!
That's what she said.
I'm late to this convo, but I've been thinking of tackling my diss again. There's some interesting nuggets there.
gypses are nuts
almost finished but I forget to set the time on my MacBook so that's why I forget to Skype u :(
Stations of the cross in downtown
The things I would do to
Gang Gang Dance awarded "Best Smelling Act" due to the burning of sage onstage.
how can cats be astmatic?
The trade boxes are in such an inconvienant place in MouseGears.
Pub stomping with and a few others message if you wanna play "xXHellacopterZ"
that's what I'm talkin' 'bout!!!
What about Old Spice? I thought it was all well integrated.
( is a visionary ) ditto that. Id like to think ur a visionary too. :)
It's tuna melt time.
HAHAHA, that's utterly insane. I mean, insanely insane! Protest more!
LOVES Calvin and Hobbes. Thanks StumbleUpon for the morning pick-me-up. Hope the 4th of July fires are out; except the fire of patriotism.
Watching rent makes me want to get some vocal training....
Carry some bad feelings/emotions from yesterday? Put it down on paper and then get rid of it. Good sleep is so important for you. Live love.
are you annoyed w your natural grey? or are you attempting to achieve the grey that's in fashion currently?
When I write using my iPad, I tend to type with my thumbs only. Does anyone else do that? #amwriting #iPad I like the "Novel in 30" app.
you were hilarious!!!
Kathy Payne, State Farm: Young people need to be part of the solution.
Wow - MVP-! Long way from Butte CC - also love (b/c it is genuine) his view that it's about winning more championships
sorry dad, I already have plans to go to the movies. Thanks for the offer. Have fun!
we want to see you again!!
I have Polished Diamonds Gsa Certified , 4 sale, small to large parcels availble,email wish list too Discounted
done with you, u don't get it.
Yay! Can you DM me the email address you used to sign up?
Jumping on s trampoline by myself...yep in cool.
Tht Twitter Jail shxt be whack . In the next hour or 2 nikkahs tweetin like birds !!
Smoke this long gar high as fucqq lol ......followers
Ramblin' w/ ramble on by Led Zepp. Please do a reunion!
Google Places makes your business accessible by anyone who wishes to learn more about what you have to offer.
Up Now: The presentation about
They gone look real ugly
yes and you're doing the same shit as the Florida fans. Don't give UK a bad name man.
The rain isn't pretty enough for you?
doing great just have a touch of sinus thing that keeps hanging on. How's your hand? How long did it take 2 feel better ?
shout out to all my followers
It is! The flowers are in bloom and this year there are a lot of black and orange butterflies. In the summer, lots of dragonflies
Lots of people claim you can't be both a #nerd and a sports fan. I beg to differ. I love #football as much as love
Big thanks for the FF! Hope everything is cool with you!
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> <---- imma send that to somebody phone lol
Just saw headline saying "star abruptly ends interview". But it's about Megan Fox. Kind of stretching the use of "star" there...
Vince Lombardi: "Football is like life, it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority."
Swear to god I hope that little woman got geiko. We bustin out her windows.
Got a can of Jumex peach nectar (i.e. Mexican juice) in my fridge. That brand name is getting weirder every time I see it.
just NOW looking at that t-shirt- love it.. #wtf!
These classes is bullshit
let's go Mets!
The supplemental reading to the Creative Brief assignment is uploaded to D2L. Hopefully it answers some of your questions :)
At Garage, to hear Mike Dease's Big Band,played Dizzy's Oop Bop Shabam, brought back memories of how fun making & listening to music can be.
not sure, but i'm learning off of a roland right now.
#thingsiregret Leaving my 6th form, to go some sports college shit
Hurm. What was the nature of the hacks?
Thank you much!
Hey NBMAA, follow me so I can send you a message!
Bet thanks
That's good! Now I can finally take you to the deli after my next round of canasta!
Yes. It's really really good!
there should be any other synonyms to spitting sir
Liatris spicata 'Kobold Original'. Perfect background for my purple garden! Especially with the azalea in back and the daisies in front! JP
whatever ! Lol I forgot how open you were to answering questions <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Please do!
Project is coming along nicely! Our goal is show Route 66 to a new generation- to inspire them to reconnect with the Mother Road!
Love your tweets. Very interesting insight. Thanks!
+1: -> Absolutely, awesome time & great seeing everyone! Let's do it again soon
Today's pleasant congruence: teaching about minnesingers in day's first class, Wagner in the second.
very excited to be here
Arena Football League Attendance Needs Some Help: Fan Opinion
RT : where is my man when I want a massage and some one to take care of me
Forget no cheering in the press box. Who wouldn't love seeing Ricky Bobby aka Kurt Busch win today?
That's awesome! gave me a rundown of your adventure on Thursday. I'd say you've been properly rewarded.
My new favorite model Raina from Americas Next Top Model be still my heart.
Props for me: " I am a PR (public relations) GENIUS." If I cant do anything I can talk and public relatitikin all around town
Thanks for the heads up!
One Direction Infection>>>>>Bieber Fever
Good news everyone! My missing workout sock was found in my bike shoe. Also, you most likely read that in Professor Farnsworth's voice.
hey do you guys need a print model for your website?
Graduation day. :>
he's a blackhawks fan!
Aww is at&t park playing beastie boys?
CWI's SUMMER WEST Institute on Service-Learning, University of Southern California in Los Angeles. August 1-5, 2011
so bad. Bruises everywhere. I feel so bad lol
happy to see you using one of our shirt designs as your profile pic!
Good idea!
Come on Yotes
Dude, awesome music
Right back at where It left off.
“Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty
Great article on Tap Lab today. launches tomorrow, its location-based too. I'd love to tell you our story.
The Whitest Boner Alive
that's great news Jack!
had fun with and the little monsters but now I'm tired
I got burned today pretty bad with an April Fools joke. Yup I'm a fool.
Great. An interview with Mark Kotsay. Couldn't line up David Freese, ?
A excellent lunch meeting today with Charlotte City Councilman James Mitchell about the Space Museum project. Great insight and interest.
Cause you were born too late! :)
Every time I make a Mesmer, I get a network error.
A gesture of fairness to the Twins.
ok, so i think this whole vegan/teetotaler lifestyle agrees with me.
Boom Fizzle
Earlier today we had some issues with a DNS server providing access to MCNY's IQ mail server. The issue has been fixed, and IQ mail is back.
According to Kinsey, 75% of men ejaculate within 3 minutes of penetration.
Haha you should, you're your biggest supporter!
RT : Love Google but is where I learned to love books & find answers to hard questions
Nice meeting you yesterday. Let me know when those shirts come in.
Wow you wont do the ellen dance challenge with smh-_- lol jk
Nearly 2 years out of D.C., I still find the campaign finance numbers fascinating. Keep 'em coming!
joins me talkin' table to chat about how our local libraries are high-tech tools we need to use more. Only on CBS19
Tell your baby daddy that he super weak, f***ed your girl last night it only took a week...
:: Science Outreach Initiation hurt like heck.
the ones we sent a while ago or the ones right now ?
I cannot even. This pup is snuggling the life (and bitterness) right out of me.
Awesome! How'd it go? We will keep you posted for sure...lots of exciting things in the works.
Blue moon <33333
Sorry I haven't been on in awhile, y'all!! School has been mad stressful. But it ends next week! Mucho love! <3 xoxo
i saw #montecarlo yesterday. Why is Selena Gomez so damn pretty?
y'all gotta come hang out one of these days
Ditto! RT <----- Not naive enough to question where his blessings come from
Just found out that Tyler,The Creator is a year younger than me. he just turned 20. hmm
I havent had one of these in 5weeks, i was always with you, happy.
Ur student visa app will be in MyLearn account once you've made second payment. No worries, plenty of time to apply for visa!
Tuesday, Mar. 6 145pm Arsenal vs Milan 145 Birmingham City vs Chelsea – FA cup
"You may be ready, but your never really ready" Your Favorite Promoter, Shocka Shock
Huh? Why?
Can I be excused from school. I'm allergic to people
Pissed off level is at 20
got to pick 1 for the contest to make it fair
Picnic in the Park was great. But far fewer players and their families stayed this year.
ALMOST finished with #TheEnchanted rough draft! Happy dance! Almost there!!! Back to writing...
thanks! We weren't too shabby! (: good luck to you guys! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> oh p.s. mr dean was there!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
The family of red foxes by my house got big since ive seen them last.
meditation is not my thing.
sounds fun!
"I Will Be The One You Say Goodnight To" - Kina Grannis. Packed the Aladdin last night, sang like an angel & was as sweet as she looks!
Thank you for the love brother! Hope all is well and we will get you on the show again soon enough!
To Teachers and Educator the Time Has Come To change Your Class Room Now ! www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
I suspect that more truth is spoken in the small, private conversations, but of course I don't know. I'm not part of them.
Ugh, I have to cite every assertion I make in this paper & can't find an article to back up my statement that many people in a small room>>
Nice, a great value, I love the new bracelet.
followed. Follow back. I'm you 500th follower :)
I've been sticking to domestic locations. Chicago in May, LA in July.
Yo there's nothing tighter then random visits from your cool ass friends!! To my main man Jose Taylor!! CHILL!~!~!~
7:00 tomorrow is about to go down on TNT...
hey tweeters :) What is everyones plan for NYE? Anyone know of cool parties\events in LA :) LMK thanks <3
where u at son?
Me too! RT : Hello everyone: I'm a packer for life. It will never change. Go Pack Go!!!!
your'e good, just wanted to make sure:)
For once in my life,I don't want to be a 2nd choice, I want to be a 1st.
Everyone is passing away. So sad.
I kept it so muthafuckin real with you that I was blind.. Cuz I was to busy showing love I aint see the signs..
His Slow Ass Always Sending Dumb Shxt
Someone should combine the concept of a horoscope with Myers-Briggs profiles. Might be more accurate. Or at least funny.
If you would like to make a guest appearance on the KOKO Dennis Show please email us today. We are crushing all doubt as you move towards y
A wooden rod fell in my face at work today...now my face is swollen. Ah stress!!!!
I wrote down two different times for our meeting this week. Thurs. at 3:30 & Fri. at 12. Which one do you have?
do you bird hunt? Considering a pink GunMitt! maybe a contrib. to Komen or something with each.. think so?
hi how have u been?
why you ask?
<<< Will Be a Great Wife
Females don't have read on their heads while males do; true for Downy Woodpeckers and Hairy Woodpeckers. Was it around 6"?
I am not a defensive liability at 1st.
This awful weather makes me long for London. I demand marmalade, ale and alarming tabloids with my freezing rain. Also, the tube is cute.
Friday night yahhhh
Thanks for the follow good sir. What's new with you?
follow folloow follow follow follow follow
Thanks for the lunchtime meetup today! Nice to meet you both. I might start carrying pipe cleaners with me...
oh god i can hear it buzzing
What's up fellas, when should we #Mavs fans expect a song?
this one will be much more relaxing than Vegas! can't wait!
hahaha the icons are on a rampage 2012 nothing and no one is safe
Holy crap, Obama finally endorsed gay marriage. Hyperventilating a little.
Bill ,congrat's to your son. You should be proud.
Messy females talk noise, stupid hoes chase boys, ignorant tricks follow dick and bad bitches get rich.
Night Jo, thanks!
u watching? Xx
Somehow took me longer than that to shop online! When you heading to Palm Springs?!
didn't give me a good bye anything so I went home empty handed and sad hearted :(
i mean, i try! Back at you girl #UltimateSwagTeamOfProcrastinationAndBeingCoolerThanEveryoneElse biotch
what it dew boo??? How u livin out there???...
Hi it depends on our client however, we usually won't recruit a person back 2 back within the same month. But keep applying :)
San Diego CRM welcomes new client KenQuest Medical as newest client - turnkey surgery center equipment sales and rental
Don't even talk about that. haha they better hope they end up with jesus! Hes the only guy I approve of for them ;p
S/o to the Miami heat who are looking unstoppable!
Be in my life or don't. It's up to you. I'm sick of the bullshit.
gearing up for a new year of #blogging and #writing . . .
working man, working!
cool! thanks for the speedy reply, just seeing some wonky things in my data with IE8/9
jenna you will lose 10 lbs instantly. jared, 3-5
Coffee: the breakfast of champions
And here we go. On Wisconsin
Meta world whatever needs to grow the heck up!!! Smh!
the hearts!;)
they know my name like its tatted on they mind
I'm really glad Paramore are not splitting up :) I would cry.
A new Adventure Time! :D
Legs hurt/:
I've never posted on gwip
I agree. Q should stay. Maybe moving 88 for a goalie would help.
Need to get my hands on some after watching 's great video. <drool>
what level you on
... MT : Steve King likens Tony Perkins 2 Davy Crockett, fight over marriage equality 2 Texas Revolution, Alamo
Cool video,even though I find it near impossible to take anyone seriously who calls themselves by one name...unless you're Prince
fuck you, united parcel service
My Dwelling joins NaVOBA and the Buy Veteran campaign.
“Telling someone that you're going to bed when you're actually not, and then having to hold back from posting things on Facebook/Twitter.”
I wish Santorum would answer questions directly…
ima do the same sh*t you do to me
villian is a bad guy, like in a movie the killer or a mean girl. I got to be a witch in theater when I was little, so fun!
$1 OFF any plate special at Knawty Hawgs BBQ (W. Tennessee St. Parking Lot). Only w/ a
Turns out i havent missed anything. Phew.... Carrie Underwood is gonna be on Ellen today(:
watching Beauty Shop <U+E412><U+E412><U+E412><U+E412><U+E412><U+E412>
My today's lunch: apple, raw nuts and raw flax seed crackers. Very healthy but so good that there's still a possibility of over eating ;)
Love the hat!
Hi !!! My favorite breakfast cereal that I eat most mornings is Frosted
No im new im a friend of marrisa but u don't know her either lol : )
We should be more than friends
Jack Johnson + Apple Jacks Cereal = Great Morning<3
Confession #1... I'm insecure :( I'm don't think I'm pretty enough for the world..
Of cuhrse! :) What store do you wanna hit first?
what Blackaby book are getting these great quotes from?
aaaaahh crap....missed 2 items I was bidding on at an auction! That stinks! Hopefully I'll get the one tomorrow.
Sell your stuff online in your local Market Place on www.ServiceBox.com! Free item listings, no expiration! Feature your item, sell it...
Let's go to the #chillgrill ;)
St Patricks day 1 of 3. Canton Irish stroll!!
huh. I'll be damned!
Smart man right here folks.." thanks for helping me plan my next 3 nights...Dudes Dinner, Draft Party, Giants Game..."
Explore your own back yard; there's a treasure buried there.
I can assist if needed
I must be easy to buy clothes for your own twin.
Great photos! Very ominous looking sky. Could we share these on our FB Page?
Watching Marcel Bryar of #FannieMae speak about the speeding up the #shortsale process. Great info and thanks #CDPE for the broadcast!
sup miguel long time no see. I see you deleted your facebook so heres my twitter.
Yeah #Butler!!!! #FINALFOUR HERE WE COME!!
being difficult, I see
I'm in Eugene! How long are you there for?
So we know it's Tuesday. But why not come by for happy hour. Might have unusually cheap drinks tonight.
This time next week: Arizona!
It would be nice to catch a f*cking break this holiday. It really would.
Personally, I think #ebooks are amazing and hope that the restrictions currently in place will eventually be removed.
yeah man. I'll make sure to mention this is only for good looking people. If you're not good looking, stay away
Tru dat. I would prefer to over-plan and revise as I get to know those minds. The "batman" approach, I call it.
A relationship always needs tr(us)t
Fair enough.
I'm confused...
You guys were rockin on Friday night!! Thanks again!!
Going back to Miami...going back to my home...
These guys can't make a shot for their lives holy shit
I want all of your beats..
Happy Birthday, Rosario! Have a great and wonderful day!
you can start a fire from rubbing TWO dicks together. Its called the Clap.
": Drool on some cars for me! #HaveFun"I will even tweet pics
I hope the kids had an awesome birthday! Will they be future Drupalists? Drupalers? Drupalistas?
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #government because ... hey, who else are you going to vote for?
I am such a worry wart.
Omg It Is Gonna Be So Weird Seeing without braces.
LMFAO, THAT SKIN FAN OF AN OLD LADY, THOUGHT WITTEN WAS GONNA HAND HER THE BALL....G.T.F. OUTTA HERE!!!!
baffled actually
re: tenure decisions: they will now receive a letter saying their job category has been changed.
We recently updated our website. It's pretty haute! PassporttoFashion.org
You do realize this is hurting your UX, right? cc
Thanks for the delicious talk. See you next week!
congrats man.
Local copy? That's like a horseless carriage, right?
shouldn't the point be to rehabilitate these juveniles?
Awesome! Was that your first time there?
#gassohigh the dope boys just gone western union you the weed
RT How to sell beats: Lets work something out. How to not sell beats: Don't ask me for beats if you don't have any money.
RT RT : remember to bring your own bags to the store. the animals and sea life will thank you "ban the bag!!
Keep em coming!!!
Knowledge talks, wisdom listens.
Tks to all are new followers Hey dont forget to check out our page bonzgrafx.com also like us on fb facebook.com/pages/BONZ-Gra… thanks!
please follow me back?
May 26th at Beer Co? :)
Dear John is my favorite movie. And also My favorite song <3 Aww that movie never gets old. I cry every time.
not today foo. Who's having the fight tomorrow?
RT Are you ready for a new relationship? Psu:ama wants to take things to the next level... See you tomorrow!! 4pm sba 160.
I read one of your post & u said u like to go to da boat Witch one?
#1OfMyFlaws i tend to keep stuff in
Im cryin rite now for Scotty tears tears tears :( ;(
Having a midnight homework party! YAY FINALS WEEK!
Mom, Dad it's okay that your on Facebook. But please don't invade twitter now.
Renunciation being an effect, one cannot practice renunciation. One has merely to follow the Path of Action. Renunciation follows.
Thank you! “ U look beautiful”
Had an eventful weekend. Gearing up for Vegas this weekend and The Luxor!
People at the gym, It's a work out not a fashion show.
this stuff aint working
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657. i love your videos and i hope you will follow me back. =)
thank you, NBCLA - I can always count on your
El Meson for the second night in a row.
Just seen seen #KirkHammett, #PartyRockin in #WALMART everyday he's shuffling - I just #LMFAO!
Thanks for some of the most fun I've had at the theatre in a long time! We loved "The Complete Works of William Shakespeare"!
to sleep, or not to sleep.
i'm glad you found woodward gardens! it's a gem that i've looked at more than once. -
vanilla bean: red wine chocolate cake
Anyone have any good recommendations for design/media podcasts, audio only please.
nice earrings justin bieber!!.
I am
she totally is. I knew it
Coming to work on the same day that I'll be leaving the country for 3 weeks sounded like a much better idea last week
bottom right corner, I don't know
May your New Years be full of Peace, Love, Great Heath and Prosperity that only can b given by Our heavenly Father. Happy New Years.
What about us hoarders who already have OCD? We keep everything... In alphabetical order.
I don't wear hats to concerts because I might buy one LOL
Watching / The Singing bee
the joke sharae just told me >
Try "My Favorite Things" Serene, thoughtful and refreshing, lol
Cubs vs Brewers. Predictions?
IF U GOT LIKE 30 THOUSAND TWEETS AND 300 FOLLOWERS DEATIVATE LUV CAUSE U BE TALKIN TO YASELF
I don't split hairs, I split whats. What can they possibly do? What do they actually do?
U smile, I smile PLZ follow back:]
Can you please tell me how you got so many people following. My shuts down at 2,000. Please help! Thanks Ellen
OK. the challenge today is to find people who have not taken today off for Good Friday. To all of us who are workin' today Generate Revenue
- You're gonna be great. Just wish I could be there too.
Whaaa Jay-Z and Kanye sicretly made an album!!!! o.O
Great Morning to the universe.
2 more hours until we premiere our viral video!! Check back at 8 PM :-)
Cliff welcomes KCK Mayor Joe Reardon to the stage.
#goodiemob You'r my beginning my end you'r my sister lover and friend guardin your light from within gotto respect yourself before I can
Headed downstairs to shoot some post-game locker room video for #Nuggets-#Lakers. 3.5 mins to play.
Sometimes you have too accept things , no matter how bad you want things too change.
Megan Fox wouldn&#39;t want to be ugly
Tell him no but that you'll make it haunted real fast if it means he'll come lol
is sharing his creepy fantasies.
i don't wanna go to dance tonight because i feel sick. but of course my mom is making me go.
Pay those who work for you not as little as you can but instead as much as profits will allow.
sip ya toy vieja
follow me? :) #Believe 2
Looking forward to Columbia City Coffee Forch on Your Porch tonight at 6pm! Hope to see you there!
I can't tell you how many times he's given me the exact same look he's giving Milton Bradley in that picture.
Someone asked me if I have a place to stay in LA. I said, "I do and it reaches every floor of the building."
<U+2640><U+2640> Special Shoutzout <U+2640><U+2640> to our beautiful #LGBT followers! KEEP rockin with us
Bout to save me some lives <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089>
nice run! Keep Blue being noticed
thats typical with people that have no fucking idea about the technology they use to run their company
Thx! #outliers is the best kind of brain food! LIstening 2 it 2 & from University & earning extra credit as I go.
No. You are
will do!
Keebler Elves don't get nearly the amount of respect as their brethren in Rivendell.
Gus Johnson is another that no one can possibly hate.
Fighting the urge to get a Big Mac for breakfast... (well, early lunch I guess)
I dislike mondays
see you at school :)
I don't know what to do after prom.
no prob, Ravi! Everyone is great. Hope all is well on your end. :)
Official TJ Second City Summer Spectacular review: Amusing show but glad I won tickets--not worth the $30-45 ticket price, to be honest!
ditto man!
Oh cripes! C'mon Birds - do something good!
I want to swim!!!
{I like them}
hope you like it! <3
It's a boy! Tom Turkey has arrived on the park. Last seen sprinting from the park across Harbor Drive.
LMAO CHUCK NORRIS WHAT
When you can't help who you fall in love with love doesn't let you walk away.
RT : The Assembly Committee on Transportation is going to vote on RTA bill tomorrow. It's about time.
blah... good call, you're right “: FSN didn't televise that game.”
i talk hell of cash money shit. make me shut up
Thanks so much for the RT!<U+263A>
lolol I told you it was gonna happen ;b
I love ryan's personality he tew funny i adore it i be laughin for hours wit him
This means that politics happens on the level of packets, and we have to consider this as a "public address" structure.
Saxons vs. Vikings. Those were good times for the beard.
Another meeting for fest planning over and out. The venue search for Oct 2012 continues....
LOL and slightly obsessed!! :)
Family's back, guess quite time is OVER!!! lol. Maybe not!
absolutely! Always happy to share neat stuff like yours :)
Mike NBC has had the olympics since '96-Atlanta not '98 as broadcast at 6, correction for 11PM prompter...
do u think we're retarded~.~
Thx back at ya! RT : Just had a 1 on 1 coaching session with <U+F603> thanks so much!
pop da pussy
We love you more!!!! RT : I love my fans!! That's all.
Thomas Gold tonight . Come early its gonna be insane. Chris&Dave
Fellow worker was thrown against a car by the richmond pd
Thanks and - really enjoyed the conversation at
I'm in tonight's episode of "Monster Man" on with the fantastically bizarre 10p/9pC
awww shucks don't flatter me
Honestly , I bet a bunch of people would want to buy 's braces from eBay. lol
Good for her. Steinem won't be watching NBC's The Playboy Club when it premieres in Sept. Me either!
Latos looking like an Ace for Reds
I had to. lobbed that one up for me.
like i read your tweets fuck nigga
Why can't I log into my account?
This is what I hear when my teacher talks womp womp womp
We are currently looking for a new handicapper! Please send resumes and info to now! Thanks!
Wanna know how to spell sexy? A-U-S-T-I-N M-A-H-O-N-E.
can sum1 please tweet me im bored
U da best
Nowak: Everybody is ready mentally, physically after the Seattle game
Fun fact: Twitter's fail whale page is responsive.
RT : LOVE MINE! RT : shows newest spring selections of makeup and fashion!...
did you go to school??
literally all of mine are me and band guys i need just me
I steal followers
You my friend are a poser
Thanks to all who went to last night! It was a great way to support HOPE worldwide :)
Lorri worked with GOP governor to fix military benefits and keep preschools open.
idk! its so stressful !
Sure glad they went with a run up the middle. They have been so effective lately.
thanks so much maureen!
Woo hoo! Finished an outline for a paper I will be drafting over the next couple of weeks.
coffee Fri 9:00 4-20 at Babycakes (sorry Mike ran out of room on the other tweet)
Who do you think is the best player in the league?
at least you are already there in case things change!
Just picked up Joel Piniero. I surprise myself sometimes with how good I am.
95-93 ISU with lead and ball, 35.8 on game clock, 29 on shot clock. Redbirds would travel to the Farm for second round if they hold on.
hate when people ask: "why himself will not find a guy?" it feels like to find a guy, anyway, that for some bread to go
fishing all day. < 3
duh. I put it at the top of our homepage. And by "our homepage" I mean the deleted messages folder of my email.
thanks for all the mentions. We can't wait to begin serving Sac.
Pumpkin spice latte! Needed it bad this morning!
not sure he knows how
I don't recommend using a pen to reach an itch in the middle of your back.
quite a bit. My YouTube channel is CockrumVideos. I'm mobile right now and can't copy link.
Being productive on my day off but still can't get this grad school essay finished! Severe writers block...
Adele is a confusing queen. What does FANK YOU mean? Help!
will I get to see you today? I am free after 3
You make a better door than a guy.
Im Not Worried About The Past , Because Im Focused On The Future
RT : Happy Earth Day! The single best thing you can do to help the environment is to go veg.
There's needs to be more of and less of that bullshit y'all swag fags listen to.
asks about writing process. Ping: "We interview, collect & try to hear language. First reading is for cast feedback."
Thanks for the Welcome! It's so nice out here!
hey it's still a step above waffle house... sometimes, lol
Solis Energy is your solution! Anything from remote power sources, emergency back up power or a bridge for an intermittent power source!
Ophthalmologists urged to be alert for signs of child abuse
Brunch at brocach
I'm still planning on writing the #lawschool Rules of Un-Civil Procedure.
It takes time to succeed because success is merely the natural reward of taking time to do anything well.
feeling lazy
EEEKKKKK!!! So exciting!
We hope that everyone had a lovely Mother's Day weekend!
Welcome to everyone who is new!
What's Mick Jagger doin with Clinton at the #worldcup?
Glad you are cheery! See you soon!
Good Morning world
its barely even misting, yet people are running around LA with umbrellas....would love to see a blizzard - would be complete chaos :)
..you guys have any good coupons? ..I take a cooler of Rockstar Roasted with me when I am filming, I'm kind of addicted!
omg let niall have a girlfriend! if that girl even is his girlfriend! he has friends in Ireland ok ?! he is aloud to kiss girls on the (c)
lots and lots of family time. Graduation parties, relatives from FL visiting! How about you?!
Please remember to use the #lxchat hashtag to everyone can follow along. Thanks!
So I finally watched that movie The Crying Game. I really don't understand British humor mate. Must be funny to your peeps? ;)
GO EAGLES! Kick some hockey ass tonight, boys.
: Cool, maybe Patti Smith wore 'em in for you.
Re on driving badly: I wonder how much of the world’s art can be explained that way, actually.
you can just call me rory.
- what the heck did I do?
I feel ya though
lol no i was really askin, i aint go outside yet
Dorsey at least a share of the Coliseum League /westcoasthoops
Don't Even Look Over There Act We Aint Trippin The Next Few Dayz Potna Came Up Missing!
Its backpack not packpack.
Exercising boosts brain power, melts away stress & gives you energy to make it through a busy day. Love your body by taking care of you!
I know I'm selfish but...
"If I was a girl I'd rape me right now" - Keith while staring at himself in the mirror.
Q on why Africa does not have a continent wide military to protect its resources. Amb. Ali speaking on the African Standby Force
I can respect honest criticism. If you think I suck, Tell me I suck. Just make sure to do that ish to my face.
RT ok. Right by room service. Hit me// bet!
ya! Wat should we do
so she may be a little chunky but she sure can sing!
Ask me some questions? :)
Sheila Mikhail uses technology to make her legal services more efficient, vs. the usual ticking cab meter approach. Kudos! #ACRP2012 (S056)
jealous.... Although it was a really nice day here too. Just no beach to go to not quite warm enough anyways
about to go out. I dont wanna go to school 2marrow!
Less then three mins till. spurs go to round two....
Can everyone please follow me on KEEK - missmahonex
Teaching the Tues/Thurs class the second part of the swing today @ 5:30 pm
In Syracuse for the day
Suns falling apart... I blame
how do u have all this time for twitter lol
On Another note Adele took everything home! True talent!
Us too! RT : Had a great time last night.
- Nope, the black ones.
aww thanks for the compliment, but no ones perfect. not even me.
Leave you flowers at your headstone,just sit and talk to you my dear.
tweeps - if you folo me & I haven't folo'd you plz let me know...
btw im a 14 year old gurl :) haha im just running this for austin
follow back plz now (:
With me nothing is easy, but we will achieve every goal, you should know that!!
Rewatched Vanilla Sky late last night. Perfect movie to enjoy before ending a long day.
Looking into doing a Ted talk!
Tomorrow night 4 beers only 28 bucks from me to celebrate SIXERS win .Number 77 must buy at least 4 .please retweet.
You won't have to get go "high" to see 's #schwingit tonight. Get to by 700pm tonight!
Texting could help create a Physician-Patient relationship with a young person; office visits alone may be seen as just transactions
It sure is nice having Matt Kemp on my fantasy team. His numbers in the month of April? .450 AVG, 11 HR, 24 RBI, 22 R, 2 SB.
Thanks for the mention
lmao! Yeah buddy!
Shout out to Otis Redding for these excellent Tuesday tunes!
Thank YOU, brother!
#Steelers vs. #Browns. Who are you rooting for?
please tell Katie I'm on my way but will be late! Accident closed my exit and going around
Friendly AND Delicious!
I don't think so. All I know is Nickelodeon hasn't been airing them lately. The ratings have been "ok".
Something I'll never get sick of...seeing the word
kinda funny how these jet fans are gettin all hyped up over their newly acquired back up qb
Until you get back on the road full-time, you haven't started anything.
I don't have one xD haha ! And awww I bet :D
totally agree
The plan came together like "chaffers"!
Check out the new Dry The River album Shallow Bed! It comes out tomorrow!
Someone keep my company while I'm on watch!
Thanks much, good sir. Hope all's well with you...
my bff's said : i know that you dresses better than me, i know you more popular than me i know you're pretty than me .. i know that xd
Casey McGehee needs to be benched. He isn't turning it around. Another wasted start by our offense.
Favorite Polanski film?
I'm surprised Lamar Miller took this long to come off the board. I hope CAR takes Dennard/Washington DT (too lazy to find spelling).
are you applying to RT this summer? :)
TGIF! Come ring in the weekend with a burger, beer, and bourbon!
alright here we go! GO !!
#IfIWasPresident Mary Jane would be legal
Say what now?
Ah you're in Milwaukee!! Hope you plan on hitting on your tour of breweries. It's the best!
This is so.... sad! RT : It only takes some letter swapping to turn "Bob Ross" into "Roy Boss". Also: new avatar thanks to
Best weekend with the beau and my family :) I'm satisfied.
lol no I dont want every1 to know me anymore.!! :)
When you get nervous do your bowels go crazy? Or have I just indulged to much about my weak sphincter?
what's good ms.p i just forwarded you precise dj pack for his latest joint "shot's fired" off of the shots fired soundtrack.
Nothing much just watching Martin.
WHY THE SAINTS WILL WIN #10 - DREW, REGGIE, MARQUES - AND THE ONLY TEAM WITH A RB NAMED PIERRE - HOW'S DAT 4 SOME SWAMP GUMBO??
"Serendipity" -- a fortunate accident. :)
RT told me not to give the niggas a chance to build hate, I say fuck it I'm gon help them.
aww! I got an A in biology and chemistry! Good luck! I'm sure you'll be fine!!!
what's up?
Me, too. Le sigh! (That's French...maybe)
I know you would and Id like it hehe ;P
Researchers say that pollutants may trigger an increase in the number and size of fat cells.
yes I justed added u!
#WHO IS EATING HEALTHY
WANTED: Experienced FAST order breakfast cook! Just shoot me an email to:
My auntie just said we out here tryin to function lmao
Minor earthquake. I think. Keep calm & tweet on.Seeing the tonight in #sandiego Can't wait!
Thank u! Flattery will get u everywhere!
the Faber house purge continues. i cannot believe how much stuff we have :( so glad to be freeing ourselves from unnecessary crap!
I was believing in you. Was I mistaken? Do you say, Do you say what you mean? When you say our love could last forever.
might you be interested in a local #leesburg author to review? please contact me!
Use gtalk? :P
Thanks for the follow, John!
Ironic how as a bus rider and daddy mack, I relate much better to Kris Kross as an adult.
Thanks for the follow! The weather is getting warmer, and that can only mean one thing...
Lets Join Forces We've Got Our Guns And Horses
Pretty big disappointment. There were some big mistakes in those last 10.
Yeah, what SHE said!! RT : "You're welcome. Be good. Start doing things you love. And take care of yourself!!" momma
Know the difference between the strategic and tactical work. Tactical work should be systemized so that you can focus on the strategic work.
Woah!!?!? WHo the heack is bullying her??? >.< Beilebers about to bust some Patheitc twisted ass
bad tornadoes today. sheltered in the stairwell so I'm a little dusty, but otherwise fine :) hoping the rest of dallas fared as well.
Ah thank you soo much!! Can't wait to get the stuff!! And you tweeted me... Holy shit!
whats up! and Lol... i see to hard!
If you want #KyDerby advice from someone who is just a regular guy, talk to He hit it big time for Blue Grass with Dullahan.
I saw him too!! He was pretty f'ing awesome!
yep we need sum beatz we wanna make a mixtape.
Wanna get high nigga blaze that blunt !
“: That awkward moment when you look at a picture of you from few years ago and notice how ugly you were.” hahaha
We can't verify this, but... RT : FACT OF THE DAY: 56% of dogs and 71% of cats that enter an animal shelter are euthanized.
excellent! thought so :) knew that chef has an API. was curious about whether the hosted service exposes API as well
I like Jeff van Gundy he's funny
Congressman, thank you for convening the NoVA small business forum today. It was a very successful and informative meeting.
“: Every Miracle...Has A Price. The Currency...Is Obedience." very well said
Great - thanks for the info!
Just had lunch with cara and her gma :)))
DEVILS SCORE!!! HEHEHEHEHHE YES!
I am very much enjoying the ability to watch daytime tv. I need to join the TiVo movement just am not really sure about it lol
#shoutout to ----> XOXO! Thanks for being the 1st! Hugs across the big pond baby!
Merry Christmas to our friends near and far! May your mug always be full and may you sip it slowly.
Theres not just one reason why I love there is a list of reasons
We couldn't agree more! RT : It feels like a Friday
Someone recommend a refreshing summer cocktail involving either gin or vodka. And....go!
Lebron needs to come back in focused. Melo is going to try and put NY on his back, need Lebron to stick him
my dear...its your turn
I wanna hear Roman's Revenge...
Wondering how to archive Tabula Rasa.
and if capitalism rejects the radical ideas? Are the consequences revolution?
Sun goes up, sun goes down. Tomorrow is just another day at the office
Guy said "cool beans" to me twice today. Twice. Same guy. Same conversation. Caveman restrained. Mission accomplished.
": Shits annoying. Gets old real quick"
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before--Mae West
Fuck this class hopefully hell let us out early
Hahahaha yeah I'm amazed people participate in Black Friday, when Cyber Monday exists.
too easy-
Thought you already had a Seattle office... Love the new name!
blarg. Chocolate. Love the rice crispies and huge banana split!
Please be mine.
Always enjoy the new routines and different music. 102 classes this morning.
good move...Twitter has a great app for the droid
I’m not immature, I just know how to have fun. There's a difference.
Bout to hit the town tonight........
my name is Idella
...and don't forget the Swish Tail...Don't know what that is? Ask me. I'm a Virginia girl married to a St. Louis Man. That's some good food.
Thanks to iTunes Match, I now have 256k versions of songs that I had put off importing for years. Job well done
great news for a great cardinal
Yo got that bomb @ cant say that word Gumbo out this world!
i did
find it?
RT : David Tutera WILL be my wedding planner. ~ Mines too!
Sheree Howard, Iris Monroy, Chad Strader--great live music in Richmond, Texas this morning.
The Mayor's office has moved tomorrow's community budget briefing. It will now be at Taft Middle School on May 1 from 6-7pm
Im bored who wants a S/O???
Do not understand congressional elections. Did the cong districts get redrawn too? Is CA-52 now 50? Who is running against Duncan Hunter?
kevin with the black and white back pack and who dated Avery last year
Is there a best day for you soon? I work Thursday through Sunday this week. There's a poker game in Bothell, if you guys want!
...in conversations about what a de-funded academic publishing landscape might look like & its implications for scholarship
It is the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has. — Henry Ward Beecher
- lol. you'll might have to "pre-load" - can you imagine getting a refill from a bartender?
Water water everywhere, but none that I'd like to drink...
oh god.
Rockies outfielder Carlos Gonzalez joins The Score right now. Check it out on AM1510! Give us a call at 303-297-1510...
Who knew Sonicbids was owned by Kraft?!
#amexarcadefire clearly hipster indie bands like to climb into the crowd during songs. . saw the same thing show Boston
thanks boogeyman for the follow,) J. Armani
challenge accepted.
just saw #Transformers. loved it!!! fav of the 3
Awesome Day! Our new #ecofriendly inks made the plane to Gulu, met some awesome friends & we're stoked 4 concert tomorrow in OC
Just passed by a slaughter house and saw a bunch of cows waiting for their turn:(
Never allow someone to become you're priority when you are only their option
Competition is a painful thing, but it produces great results.
"#Philanthropy's biggest public value is becoming the data we make available, rather than our grants." at
u r a sun is sinning dude, guy has to rededicate himself, to game if not out the league in 2 yrs same story as other b4 him
Can't sleep to excited for 2mrw feast !
When you lying in your casket at your funeral even niggas that you disagree w/ maybe had a beef w/ will start crying when they viewing you
Time to shine
I never do this but tomorow someones gonna get tweet num 800
lots of recent research dispelling learning styles. #justsaying Don't necessarily agree.
I maintain property taxes are probably the most unimaginative possible solution to the problem.
Yes, but you were smart and suggested people RT.
we will stand against violence & intimidation. we will stand 4 the rights & dignity of all human beings - President Obama
New York.
Tinky Winky is trending? is that supposed to be the gay one?.
I accept it I'm not normal,I'm a Psycho-Crazy,weird & different person It's just 'Cuz idon't follow the moves of other people,I'm not a copy
And definitely can't forget...#FF !! :)
rupert! Oh hai! bbc?! whatcha doing for them? that's awesome!
Can't wait to see it! We could use some hope!
Your the reason for my happiness(;
made the Deans List once again this semester. to think I was strugglin on academic probation 2yrs ago; proud of myself!
Don't let get going about merger talks, synergies. Tell him you heard someone at Oxford was eager to chat.
I never get jealous when I see my ex with someone else, because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate
That was me :-\
The truth hurts, but it doesn’t kill. The lie pleases, but it doesn’t heal. - Unknown
12/12/12 is officially Aaron Rodgers day in Wisconsin. Lets hope we`re all still alive to celebrate.
aw hell people finding me on #grindr , that saw me and are like "heyy cutie"
Watching The TI SHow
Merry Christmas everybody.
Cause twitter is boring without u haha
I am a retired LEO. He should have never been hired last year. There were better & or more experienced candidates for the job.
Don't the Jets already have one of those.
Wow! Great fight!
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
When we open our Russian office for The Idea People, we're going to partner with !
Throwing a party for my birthday Friday, I expect alot of people to show up!
Want to see Coop's on the Food Network?! Mention and let him know what you love about Coop's!!
a job is a job. Fight the blight and then come back and help us with more power behind ya.
Inside scoop: Big 3 out!
must suck to be in the public eye and not able to really say what's on your mind on twitter. OH NOES WHAT WILL THEY THINK?
Am I the only one who cranks up "Celebrate" by Kool and the Gang when the clocks strikes 5?
Ain't nothing like a little Mahalia Jackson in the morning...:)
haha, it's the same story here in #Spokane - lots of rain and some snow! RT Did I miss something...like Spring and Summer???
Can they just skip all this shit and get to Cena vs The Rock
Always been in N.Y.
You have to modify the playlist too. Easy to delete from there, but it is another step I've found that is needed.
Yes, I believe you! You aren't so bad yourself, doll face!
Finishing up planting tulips that were in the sunroom. A little late but they will be nice for next yr.
crashlanded from work, change clothes, which guitar tonight?, off to play the deli...
Jose Reyes pulling himself out of a game to protect his batting average with the title on the line was bush league.
Packers did peak too early, much like the Brewers in August.
You give me your all and ima send it back with interest
RT My grandparents arguing is so funny! Lord! Lmaf! <<OH LORD! LMAO
. Legislative Breakfast fixing to hear about Governor's priorities for session ...
Elvis Costello's "Shipbuilding" on CD101 and for just awhile, all is right with the world.
Lmfao Shawn An Ass !
In Providence today speaking at the Lincoln School during their Global Engagement conference!
Venue has been BOOKED!! More details to come. Stay Tuned. :):)
Don't lead me; I don't like it! Don't even follow me; I might not care! Just walk beside me and i will love it!
": I'm good enough, I'm smart enough, and doggonit, people like me!" Always a classic!
I tried. You don't want to be with me, You just want to talk shit to me..
Alright Alright Alrigghhht !
I guess we all need to bring out our inner child, to remember fun & delight. Grown ups can be +so+ sadly serious sometimes, haha :)
Dancing and singing to Adina Howard's "Freak Like Me" is truly entertaining both boys.
LLAMA FACE
Hey, don't rein in my parade! RT Ah, the Mecklem love of excitement and daring surfaces yet again. Rein it in, man.
The thing is, numbers have always been important. Problem was, they were the wrong numbers.
D.O.D. babaaay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> text me!
mine too! Thanks for following!
Working on a new article, you guys are gonna love !!
I have the power. WATCH.
Plowing through some work I think I hear the vague echos of 's voice from down the hall....
Have you stopped to see us in the Pittsburgh Mills Mall? If so, tell us what you think.
it's official, bob's pizza is for sure the best pizza in mooresville <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Picked up the Adele 21 CD a couple days ago. Good stuff. I heard the song on the radio and actually purchased it. Music isn't dead yet!
I'm tired gettin off of twitter
oh okay lol
haha and I was screaming Pitbull !!!!!!!
god im so ready to be done, next week i will be done with tests and ready to leave for home
What's Canada?
i'm known to be a kale thief. Although I'm more of a roasted seaweed guy.
After 2 weeks, finally feeling better today. Rewarded self with short hike and cocktail and now my cough and earache is back
Thank you for staying w/us while you were in C H I C A G O ! Hope you all had a great time! Please, send us your feedback!!
Go Hard 4 CHRIST everyday so that ur Light will shine for Him and Give Him all the Glory and Honor!! # God is great!!
Ooh just noticed this - where were higher ed camps and who came???
on the phone with my babe
Hap-hap-happiest of birthdays to one of my favorite people, XO
Your mouth.. Tastes like my cat? O.o
Point well taken.
Killer time at the brookwood last night with Brain...
Pechakucha tonight! My Dana is giving a presentation. Awesome night ahead
Hova the God nigga blasphemy. I'm everywhere internationally, ask for me. I ain't neva scared.. I'm everywhere you ain't NEVER there.
At da park wid my son; son and mom time
It feels Great to be Selling CD's World wide. Never let anything or anyone say you can't do what the FUCK you want to do. INDEPENDENT 4-LIFE
Why snitch when you still gone get time
RT : CriticalPast Introduces One of the World’s Largest Online Archives of Historic Film Footage and Photo Images...
Program cycle special for level 2 - $85 Program cycle special for Advance - $99 by registration only!
I gather them up Knit them back together Stronger than before #haiku 2
great talk by mandelbaum & last night at the 92nd st. Y. looking forward to reading 'that used to be us.'
is coming to the town ballroom.
Whelp , sitting at home...doing nothing
YOU are trying to make this just abt Bain. As gov???? How were those jobs?
I actually know other Bulls Fans who like the Heat lol i know a good amount and heat fans who also like to the Bulls.
gosh...the moonwalking guy with his own boombox. WTH?
You are welcome! Hope you have a great day! Talk soon! :)
Shopped at reckless records for #SmallBizSaturday in chicago.
Al parecer el Fan Book ya le llego a :)
I've closed many books in the past and vowed never to revisit them. Now I turn a page daily and write my own story!
Is having some fun still with my new elec. device
We'll be running some great promos this week! Stay tuned for more details.
A break from beach weather makes for fantastic massage weather. Bring in a friend and enjoy a massage date!
it's cool just let me know
cool! Haven't had a girls day out in years. I'm from Atlanta :-)
couldn't agree more! OR when they do that fake cough?! RUDE!
performing some quality control on a preliminary inventory for my behemoth collection.
Stop by the booth #1503 at 12:30 for a presentation entitled, " Mobility - Sybase" & you could win a $25 gift card
On the plus side, I'd also be able to earn the platinum trophy if I tried hard enough.
#RIP Jorge & Miranda
somehow I can't help feeling this is symbolic of something.
Go Saints!
Hello All, Enjoying summer vacation!! Reading about new education system of USA specially STAAR test
Possible. RT : I had an interesting theory: what if Mr. Harris is a hunter too? Or hired to watch over Scott?
Thank you to Scott W. for his positive feedback! "Armando & Chris were very friendly and they did a great job cleaning our tile and carpet."
Best compliment I've ever received. <3
I was just looking through the OB group docs, and I noticed there hasn't been an overcast in a while. What happened to it?
My schools dance class just did a flash mob to Nicki Minaj's song Starships!!! It was awesome(: shoulda recorded it...
Well that was quick! Our EC Support Center is back on the interwebs & ready to handle customer chats, tickets & emails once again.
Its something about ur face that make me wanna kick u in it.....ijs
RT #Oscars What is that beeping sound? am I the only one who hears it?
The way me and Genesis easily walked out of campus and stole mad munchies from family dollar without getting caught >>>>>>
and Seacrest is always trying to save electricity.
And if I remember correctly, you have a repeat offender on your hands.
Fuck twitter... fuck everyone right now
I think I'm a keep to myself ...
I cheated on my FEARS , broke up with my DOUBTS , got engaged to my FAITH , and now im married to my DREAMS ! <3
Omg saw this cute little kid with emo hair
#NBAPLAYOFFS White Swan, Black Mamba
Single-family originations by commercial banks and savings institutions jumped 23% in the fourth quarter
Thanks to for giving Rebecca Medrano a chance to speak about #OCCUPY GALA on air! Don't miss the show-- Apr 13 & 14 @ 8pm.
Great conversation with . Looking forward to all the possibilities for digital integration and increased footprint!
Totally could see it. Let's make it happen! Just have me on as a guest like once a month.
Just finished two math assignments smh... Now all I have left to do is read this history chapter that is 50pgs long -____-
#iamblessed to have a nice package! ;) (via ) LOL!!!!
I have to be honest...I have no idea what/who is a Suzie!
we love door county, let us know, we grow our own dwarf montmoroncey cherries on site, if the birds dont get them.
Seeing the Blue Man Group at the Marcus Center? Stop by for dinner and we'll shuttle you to the door! No parking hassles!
no i dont i just act like i do get mad :o but its all good
I miss you, too. Come see me sometime. I only live 3 minutes away silly!
Today is World Press Day. Have you hugged a journalist today
Greetings fr GORGEOUS Vancouver, BC - Mountains,water everywhere, feels like you're IN a painting!Looking forward to the workshop this week!
shoot!!! I missed "how weird street fair" again!!!!
Ordered some #GirlScout cookies yesterday...can't wait for them to arrive!
2 wrong on this UN test=A. Hell yeah
when your single it's great you have all sort of friends but then you become attached and suddenly you look for couple friends
If you need a job done well, give it to a busy women...honored to speak to the Women's Network of NKY today.
ok can we tweet you about the #Fakers?
they crushed it!
how much time till yer home?
Don't speak unless you can improve on the silence. ~Spanish Proverb
Watch out for soulless careerists. #networking night.
Holy crap, I got a RT from Marvel!! Awesome. I want to write for them. I hope they read that one too. :)
Removes embarrassing stains from contour sheets. That's right.
I know they've done 2 in a row before, not sure about 3. I think if they had waited an hour, they buses would've started.
Witness the fitness
Done hanging out with anyone who doesn't play Softball.
Lets rock -Al Bundy
Hello World! Just another Wordpress Blog. J/K! First official tweet from Social Savvy Geek's senior department. :)
Sometimes recordings document live improv performance. Sometimes perf is cut, rearranged - composed for the medium.
who? lol RT I'm watching this nigga snitch on me and he don't even know I'm watching...
Had a great time in San Antonio....but always good to get back to Wisco!
I think this teacher is a dyke.
Awesome - we are too! RT : excited for some late night rose tonight!
Watching a Metallica documentary, what a good Friday night
What else is there to do on a Wednesday morning at 10:30 other than go to an Aeros game?
you could but ur not. And its funny:p
Nice bikes!
Mental health, drug abuse agencies to merge - Chillicothe Gazette
#raw10 Had a Friend that had Turrets Syn it was bad when he got nervous. We was walkin thru the hood n a Gang got mad cause he cussed @ them
LMAO! They're all fakers on that side these days...sad! I'm glad you're there pointing it out for us KO!
That really does sum up the Northwoods. "Craigslist ad to sell snowmobile answered in person by Level 2 sex offender."
I will believe me..I am a pack fan NOTHING GETS ME DOWN!! Back surgery...sick..NOTHING!!!!!!lol
Morning Joe is live from Miami Beach. Live tweet it! RT : Kind of a slow social media morning isn't it? Someone entertain me.
Hey Want to get in our our pilot launch? This means free advertising for you on keychains around the city. DM for more info!
#Cardinals DE Calais Campbell signed a five-year, $55 million deal that includes $31 million guaranteed
And the worms?
:) we hope you have a good rest of the night and get some dinner! We hope to see you soon!
Friday the 13th again? Man, these come around so often, it seems...Running out of ways to celebrate.
Fraser says he really wants and cares about VP position
lol the worst <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I've got just the thing to get your mind off of it
RFT Expect the bs, but NEVER accept it
yeah I know tell me about it and please come to warped!
Clyde Stubblefield's drums are the backbone of hip-hop. Clyde Stubblefield is UNSUNG!!!
RT Israel and its Palestinian Authority by announcing a "deal" hope to make it a fait accompli on their own terms.
Reppin and s button! :)
okay Ill head back over there in a bit
Follow back :)
Golf basketball miracle and hockey all gonna b on in a half hour. If it weren't for needing to study this would b epic
Let's hope PBS does a better job than CNN.
the mosquito or your muscle?
You're not the only one.
Yeah! Morgan Freeman's dead hand!!
welcome to our neighborhood coach!
Thanks for signing up! Now share and win your free download at the end of the month!
Great!! “: Just saw my oncologist: cancers ass is still thoroughly and completely kicked.”
Harry's favourite vegetable is sweet corn.
Ouch! 8am Monday meetings?! I don't have one of those, but I still managed to squeeze in a couple hours today.
Counting down the minutes until America's Got Talent! Couldn't be more stoked. :D
Zac Efron's friends trash his house
": My daughter be having a full on conversation every morning about who knows what. <3" gabba gabba goo gabba :D
Good find. Don't know what happened. No mention on Twitter or NBC.
": In the office alone. Last man standing. Want my holiday to begin NOW!"<-thats you to a tee!
"to be smart you have to think...to be wise you have to be thoughtful"-creepy guy in the mirror
Free profiles for a limited time and 50% off advertising including 3 ads for 1 deal! Check us out! Scottsdale, Phoenix or Mesa nighout.com
Somebody out there wants you to win...
its okay. What about you
yo let's do it!
First night of the fed hill summer is going to be a hot one!
leg bomb!!!! RT : And Angelina's superfab leg is now on Twitter. Of course! RT : Look at me!
But some teachers feel the system restricts them from doing the best for their students.
I'm dying to see american reunion and the three stooges
Let's meet up when the sessions end. Bbq? Austin Motel? Start at the Driskill?
#rbs11 Continuing the born-digital class ... will researchers in future will know what it means to have an "original" behind the digital?
have covered "Somebody I Used To Know", it's on iTunes now, video will be released in the next couple of wks! :)
Remember to breathe. Remember to breathe. Remember to breathe.
#followfriday some great businesswomen:
grab hold with both hands and DO NOT LET GO. - me, if asked to give advice
Deal ! Happy Holidays!!!
I know! I've fallen way behind. So sorry! I hopefully will get back into the groove soon :)
When I get home from work, then the REAL work begins!
yeah after dominatin that period then that happens
hah! He did make lamb chops, but I somehow skipped eating them. More bourbon instead.
I really like that insight... It holds true with all industries.
"NeonHitch: Uh oh free drinks" // uh oh! ;) love it <3 tweet a pic of ur COCKtail of choice haha
It's pretty creepy. You might need a new route to avoid it :) RT : #adultswim Saw it already and almost ran off the road!
so confused!
haha! So cute
Come by the Tech 1 facebook page to get a taste of the vintage. Vintage audio that is!
indeed I will be. #kodakUCLA seems like a fitting hash tag, no?
Can he really? I thought he couldn't play SS that well if I heard right.
What about Silicon Valley parodies? Surely makes the list.
That's one hell of a deal! Wish I wasn't working this evening. I could use a cold beer lol.
I'm a Hobbit reader too. They're also making a picture of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
Great day! Auditions were fast, traffic was cool and it didn't rain. :)
chillin dude, just trying to get it in
time to pick up and dust off..let's do this thing..
Twitter affirms all. Plus the Canadians are at least 12 to 16 months away from being able to launch a full scale attack.
Agreed. Because often mastectomies are the best course of action.
I wish my mind was a harddrive, so I can delete those who hurt me or those painful memories I had as a child.
long time no see. How are you. This is Alo btw.
To celebrate the creation of our 650th design we're giving customers 35% off their entire order. Coupon Code: SPRING35 Shop Here: www.wil
i listen to ur songs everyday.and if i do not i feel like a part of me is missing.#truth. Happy early 18 bday!
on times like this, i wish that i was waking up tomorrow morning & leaving for camp <3 #itseemssofaraway /;
Help me plez I like him but he str8 and on the bl
Going to Morty's tonight to see a former employee! He's a great comedian. He's on at 8 if you have nothing else going on tonight.
#sxgpages Most irritating panel run by Google as a focus group rather than a resource for the techies here
I'd be very very interested!
I love hair. I nurture and understand it. Feed it. Protect it THEN style it.
I was going to order Chinese tonight, but I evolved and am just going to make some pasta instead.
Heat fans it's going down in one hour!! #HeatKnicks the start of our championship run!
Sensenbrenner apologizes for making inappropriate comments about First Lady's rear end.
haha agreed, and I hope to see you soon!
everyone should watch "Boys Dont Cry" ..its a true story and exposes prejudice and discrimination that the world has
yo I forgot you were in the 'ballin boy' video. Killing it!! LOL
Happy Mothers Day!!
Myers-Briggs. Structure: Do you prefer to get things decided or stay open to new info & options? Judging or Perceiving.
S/o for da follow ya heard meh
we were all pulling for Mike. May he rest in peace.
Who came up with the idea of librarys being so quiet
aww how emotional!
Thanks for the RTs, & Damn apartment scammers.
hi Ms. Coco. Just wanted to let you know that I'm still interested in being in your movies. Any updates?
: *hugs to u too I got room on my bed
driving not an option?
Day 2 on the platform, no whale sightings yet but a very calm and nice day on the ocean.
Likelihood of the elevator going out increases when you've done legs at the gym & picked up both dry cleaning & groceries on the way home.
I know! Me too! Its gonna be amazing! I can't wait!! :D
Congrats to and for BLOWING UP first week's number on "A Star Crossed Wasteland." You're turning lots of heads!
WOW am I ready for the WEEKEND! Tonight its shopping spree at Microcenter! Tomorrow night its HOUSE MUSIC at The Red Door!
Aren't you strolling through in a few weeks :D?
you better watch what you say before you have to eat those words
I cant even speak, there's a reason why im so quiet and soft spoken sometimes. To think that there's no one i respect more.
DC CALLER: Soros funded group CPI feels above the law after illegally hacking a site after counsel said not to. George is , why not them,?
Actually, I'm at FOX Sports South/SportSouth. The fun part about it is that I still get to see Grizzlies games from time to time.
Not to diminish #Jeopardy win by #Watson, but I would have been more impressed if it got inputs by speech recognition, not a text file.
actually I was retweeting Andy Katz nice try tho, Skip
Another slow day, I need a nap.
FYI, I really like your Love and Light shirt.
Had fun in Burlington with family. Kim's party today was nice. Bummed I missed my cousins graduation. Now off to the beagle house pool.
Worst thing about leap year: I have to wait an extra day to get married! :(
I want Silatou...fits scheme better the Zeitler who can't pull..trade down if you must but he is going in round 1
eed to make a trip to concord!
Did I make the 5 min cutoff?
Yes, when there's zero snow on the ground & a bus takes twice as long 2 get somewhere as it normally would due 2 reroute.
Idegaf about how I look when I go to school anymore bro.
uh EVERYONE? Can i hear it on there now? And what exactly is the story behind it?
must be in the play offs now.
hah what are your needs?
Damn them koreans weren't playing! Haha
Forget the black eyed peas and collards- I think home-made buffalo wings and Northern Lights IPA is my new New Year's tradition.
When it rains... It pours! I should know by now
haha yeah.. they are very nice peoples, just like you.. :)
Thanks so much for everything Betsy!
Its sunday, u have nothing to do but man u wake up 7:am, you have nothing 2 do, u can't get back to sleep although Jr body knows u r tired
- proud of you for Siberia going gold...now waiting for it to go elementium ;)
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you're not afraid to take a chance
indeed. You've not been unfollowed by me. Where are you working?
should be some great weather.
I've never felt so underdressed for an occasion..
Hey! The market is open from 10 until 3 today. Come down early and stay later. One Drum plays at noon.
Kcant smile not even a fake one to hide dhis pain...
We are back and now reviewing application #120007 Community Arts Program at Hanover College.
Apr 5,1932: Churchill was concerned that Ireland leaving the Empire would affect status of India.
GUYS PLEASE HELP TREND #PRAYFORJACKSON. IT WOULD MEAN A LOT. can we get to see?
yes they are!
Today I'm improving myself, no goal was met by letting it come to you, you have to go and get it
A/E/C (architecture, engineering, construction) paradox: Balance growth w/ CSR; the latter, a key factor 4 Gen Y & millenials
haha thanks ;)) do u have facebook?
Thanks for including me!
Having a great time in Boston, but sure would be nice 2have dinner 2nite in Indy at St Elmo w/ , PVK, & the crew!
Expenses: waters/drinks 12, lunch 8, dinner 14. Plan to sleep in and MAYBE go to the gym. Than single tables or cash games tomorrow night.
Fishing today, grilled fish tomorrow
follow me girl
Can ya'll recommend a domain name registrar that has the big picture in mind - well, at least one that doesn't shoot elephants?
Im going to make as many memories as I can.
": Avengers was so badass. I'll be at the midnight showing of Avengers II."
Hi- I love this! We eliminate barriers by teaching kids with autism to swim- water is the golden elixir!
we were using a math method, and its called bobo lol :)
'Dances With Queso'
I feel disheartened.
follow your sons piano? :-)
10 Simple Things U CAN DO to support STEALING ANGEL & other small press literature.
girl I'm trying! Lbs
Mii cravens is gttn worse...now I be wanting everything...smh
Like my picture thing ? #swagg ;D
shhhh I don't want her to know i'm getting older... but I do require birthday sex
you feel me I just can"t get in that shit lol real g"s down south jam there music slow fosho
We just posted the lyrics to all of our songs on Facebook, Myspace, and Tumblr ...be sure to check it!
#muchoImportante! Thanks a bunch. We will take a drink one day soon!
#genehackman needs to bounce back quick for crimson tide 2: the search for more money
New stop motion music video coming out soon! Be x-cited!
are you changing iphone cords? Yours is in my car :-(
Told chu Camilla gone beat her ass brah give me my money!!!
“ Oh, you left a vague Facebook status about how horrible your life is? Have a fun time trying to find the fucks i give.”
You are now, damn I'm smooth. RT Not that I'm aware of RT : Are you married?
Stop by east lot and win 2 tickets to the game tonight! Surge Squad!
c u at Boston and hope to catch up
that was gold. Gold, I tell you! Lol.
what resteraunts are open im ordering out
Just got home and my new necklace broke!
You got #TeamBreezy in your Bio #ButYouAThug...... Just because you shortened it to breezy doesnt mean shit Its Still Gay lmmfao
when are you coming back to Helium comedy club in Portland? Had tickets last time. Need the slam man in P Town. :-)
i have to read the bible for homework...
Come visit our booth for NCC at the Fall Marketplace in Richmond this week.
thank you :) we're changing our name and releasing the ep tht darling is from in June, follow us to hear more :)
Doctors time (:
Canadian dollar jumped Friday: Government report showed country's economy added 58,000 jobs in April, more than the 10,000 jobs expected.
To some of us, $700 million is real money. Surely Carl can't be so rich off no-bid govt contracts that he doesn't see that?
God hasn't given up on me and I haven't given up on him/her.
that's hysterical !! :) love it!!
I mean, where is summer? All the rain and clouds are so sad!
Good Monday morning! It is almost February 1st! Wow - how time flies!
National Peanut Day in US...Yum Yum, crunch cruch A whole day for my favorite food group Enjoy (except you folks with the peanut alergy)
This app is retarted, it always makes me unfollow people and it gets really annoying -_-
LOL. You need to stand out so we can hunt you down for more #STEM questions!
nah i wuz u juss all the time or to much
#Cycling helps protect against muscular imbalances and prevents injury. Try a bike ride or spin class!
it's world penguin day. so tell the world you love libraries... because libraries have books... about penguins... wha?
your <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098> is 1 in a million
Wow, and I was feeling guilty that I had it on 67. If I had a wood burning fireplace, I'd lower it more.
New medical data: leaning too close to PC monitors can cause irreversible unibrow
Sick, I wana #husky dog!
Happy Pi Day for all of us math lovers. #imanerd <U+E404>
street performing for change
Don't forget to bring in unwrapped toys for all the needy kids! The deadline is the 15TH!
very hot
perhaps you'll try our burger? let us know what you think!
"A passage from the Talmud proclaims that over every blade of grass, there is an angel whispering "grow,grow." What is ur angel whispering?
I'm so bored in this town Take me away from here Play me some kind of new sound
You have no idea how scary the border is now. Or maybe you do.
can't wait to get on YouTube tonight
RT : "These women were celibate, can you believe it?" overheard in our exhibit on The Sanctified Sisters.
I really need dat Rosetta stone. Spanish class is a beast Lmao. Who know Spanish?
Attend a FREE Denver summer event if you join ISPI-FRC by July 26, 2010. Send a direct msg back and we will escort you! www.ispi-frc.org
Great creative minds teaching business lessons at
I would...but somehow I don't think a grey haired 54 year old is what you have in mind ;-)
Pizza of the Day: BBQ Chicken Pizza with Red Onions and Smoked Gouda, just $12. Free toasted ravioli when you mention this tweet!
Appreciate God's greatest gift today....give it to someone who needs it. Salvation,it's not just for you anymore.
no you get her on the week of her period
in general sweetie I'm just sick of working 2 full time jobs while bitches sittin around collecting on my check
Late nights, bikinis, short shorts, flip flops, sunglasses, sunshine, loud music, pool parties, no makeup, the list goes on. SUMMER
I been MIA on this thang
done deal!
roddick almost had it. what a heartbreaker
naturally! What's your favorite #color?
we had season tickets last year. If you haven't been to one before you should love it :D
My soul's had enough Chicken Soup.....Now it wants CHOCOLATE
omg that's awesome! Good Luck :) xx
I love you!<3 hugs & kisses from Sweden :*
something thats not crappy - gotomeeting if just slow & ugly. I have been playing with watchitoo
Watching War of the Worlds for the billionth time! Im ibsessed with this movie haha!
Thanks for mention. Have a happy Monday!
dubba dubba dubba.. man i miss him like crazy. It kills me to know hes never coming back /:
"Can the Latin word 'cum' still be used without misunderstanding?" - Favorite question of the week.
WHhhhhhhyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!! Can switch off to every thing ...BUT ...thoughts !!!
Shyaaaat just gt real!!!!!!
Yes, I agree! Some better way of organizing and managing Twitter links would be very useful.
Exactly. If you don't do how-to/design-interest/ed materials & don't specif. target women, I would ? Pinterest.
Happy Friday everyone! The best way to start to your weekend involves Carne Adovada...just sayin...
Time to spark this blunt to celebrate my first year of college ^_^
What is #Uppers? I'm not familiar with that but it sounds like something I need to know about.
did you see the new bike share program by Citibank.
I still don't understand why Austin is friends with someone who smokes and supports the illuminati..
I like this! RT the new is so good. Hitting the road tomorrow to set up the first single at radio.
Hi Les, Thank you for following! Hope you have a great week!!
Transferring files over to finish work on the final cut and new sound mix for Distortion.
Go to profile, edit profile, account, then just type it in where it says your first name
going to the sabres game tonight
If I hear one more person debate the Oxford comma on the internet, I will sharpen the end of a comma and stab them with it.
yep still here! But in todays world I may as well be in Nai, interwebsssss. Sema nami though
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the ravens have been nice except 4 some weird losses
Twitter can target by geography communicate in real time and helps to extend corporate presence
FOLLOW AND I'LL GIVE YOU A COOKIE :DD
Hey readers, how many of you migrated here from MySpace? I'm seriously curious.
So, it turns out that Garfield's family was brutally murdered on a Monday.
I'll be home tomorrow... I'll listen! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Agree 100%. Trying to figure out if the different fans can coexist, ourselves.
There is numerous arabic pencil graffiti on the side of the SEL in different handwritings. Convinced half this campus takes arabic
The way to my GF heart is thru the shoe department at Macy's.
Wow I love you
#TwoThingsThatDontMix #Mexicans and college
can see james moving on the outside of my stomach :D
Agreed.We all saw what CP3 did with T Chandler on the #PickandRoll. Its almost scary to imagine the lobs from CP3 to D Howard
You can always tell whether or not a teacher is yelling at a child or just being firm
Had a nice workout with my personal trainer ..Lol
Weird Internets: The Amazing Found-on-Twitter Sonnets of Pentametron - Gawker
Fun interview on E Online concerning the success of foreign leading men :)
Time to start this econ & laundry .
66% of your body weight is water
I'm definitely not for laying a hand on kids, ever, but I know I'd flip out just about anyone if they touched my sick pet.
we are PDX-locally-owned! Owner lives in town – we just have a tea shop in Bend too.
I'll be in CA for the first time in July. Will u teach me to surf? I've never seen the ocean.
Enjoying some Ruthless Rye and listening to the coal trains pass by.
Twitagra: - I'll bet you tewenty bucks that is getting drunk tomorrow.
just THIS year?? Psh... #BillsMafia for LIFE
Wishing a very happy birthday!!
love the part wen all the cars come out and they make their switch
Her twiiter account is strictly for PR , not citizen engagement.
Oh great! I aim to make it even nicer! :)
My life has deteriorated to nothing now that there is nothing decent left to watch on Netflix...
M, should be more like "Awesome Media Graphics Guru"
Sushi with my momma <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
#Powerlunch and more details coming forth....Trivia Tuesday on Border Talk and winners, thnx to Andres Muro candidate SBOE.
Testimony FINALLY ends on early literacy bill.
SIXPOINT Bengali Tiger, Resin, Righteous, Sweet Action, Crisp Lager & Anniversary Ale...all on draft at B&L. TONIGHT!
Heading down I-65 to #florida tomorrow. A dark corridor of #tornado destruction from #indiana to #alabama. Effects of #globalwarming ?
that's funny!
Its not you, its me.
This new adventure is bringing my inspiration back!! Yes, I'm in love!
Fast Car by Tracy Chapman just came on spotify
ha ha ha. I would have never seen this. Maybe we should try to get a job at this amazing place.
Take the dogs all season long! Bring on the Owls! #hootie-WHO?
Seeing War Horse on the Disney lot.
ah, i was wondering why google music didn't do a dropbox-like de-dupe for uploads... interesting stuff!
seems like lots of Reds twitterverse at game tonight!
Have you seen our new group study room yet? We call it the "Eye Lab." 2 shiny LCDs... one with a SMART overlay. Oh-- And BluRay, too!
they should definitely try your ice cream. I get some every time I'm in Seattle. Balsamic Strawberry 4ever!
Won again <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> #semifinals next
what did you hit tomb?
finances/ budget cuts, kids not wanting to read, kids having too much to do with Common Core Standards to read books for pleasure.
Busy day today. Will be busy tomorrow too.
Hope your weekend is going well and thanks for the mention!!
can please just follow me so I can be happy? Geesh
I didn't know there was a $4.99 level!
I did
This has been the best semester for me so far when it came to work, school n gf n the most annoying one when it came to the outside world.
Best. Picture. Ever.
Gettin me some #Sonic before #INDOOR (:(: YEEAH!!(;(;
Very few wouldn't be in Self's shadow
I just got a refund in the mail from Blue Cross saying I paid too much this year (can it be?). Happy day.
I love you
Only on days when I'm lonely
long hold for a brief conversation with the florist. a bit cranky. not that I blame her. happy mother's day.
theres something wrong with me im talking to my laptop about prom shoes
RT IF YOU LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!<33
Hey alex :D
my life revolves around this girl at this point
I know..tweeting between games! LOL
Looks like I wont be getting any sleep tomight.
check out my profile. The website is there.
and I should stop TfA and start WuA RT : Is it bad & I use WuA..
That's true.
that's terrific!!
Tickets are almost sold out for our concert tonight ! Get 'em before they're gone!
thanks for the RT :)
Love the TSA pre-screen. Makes security a breeze! Can't wait for it to be in all major airports.
havin a messed up night..smh
I never liked you, Zagoria. RT : Source close to the Syracuse program says Nerlens Noel is "definitely not" picking the Orange.
Taking a dooky
working, bo call in sick! haha
Completing the top five most valuable brands were #Bacardi, #Hennessy, #Smirnoff, and #ChivasRegal. Via Drinks International
like what you wana know?
GOD's got a blessing...with your name on it!!!... Nickelodeon Audition!! ;-) #prayersup...Did the work now time to have faith and fun!!
which superhero were you dressed as?
made me so happy but now back 2 depressed nd cutting thanks t megan
Hello there! Thanks for the follow! It was really nice meeting you last weekend, hope to see you again soon!
get that tatt game up
I dare a male follower to go get a bikini wax.
Had to chuckle at your perfected polygamy tweet.
hey! your on here early!
You're making me blush.
Satrapi: "I sound like a hippie... but I'm really not a love-and-peace person."
thanks I'll take a look @ that one also....
u gotta follow me 1st for it to be a follow back bruh lol
You guys look great! Fast pace, informative and exclusives, a perfect morning blend.
Ma, I Been Huggin The Block
It's tax time! If you need a copy of your HUD statement from a closing, don't sweat it, just ask your Realtor or closing agent for a copy.
our pleasure ;) #TRAVAIL newark
First time my Time magazine has come in a plain wrapper. Is it because we're a school library?
you mean former cook who called in sick?
I want all of you ex musicians to get your instrument out of the closet, and then I want you to start playing it, OK.
even though what we do is WRONG!!!..
Good eye Swisher!
#daytona talk makes me miss my blonde biddies!!!
HEY! That is a picture of a black man having fun!!!
MANN I AINT TALKED TO CHRLES N LIKE TWO WEEKS LOLSZ IM DOIN VERY BAD
Vinny<U+2665> I love his smile
: Thanks for joining us from VA! Glad to see you!
TEAM KLAUS! ;D
your Facebook became self aware at 4:20pm and is going to destroy the world as we know it
All up in that piece tmrw, see the best do it!
In Ocho's gatorade cup on sideline - McDonald's Coke, no ice.
Diploma frames are upwards of $150. Dafuq?
Hope everyone has a great and safe happy Easter for those of you that celebrate the holiday around the world
Who's ready for the weekend!? If you could go to a Country Music concert tonight who would you want to see perform?
lol ok call me...
All my supporters I need yall to Tweet or call and request that new #Grind Hard
Dont tell that person you love them unless you know you love them threw thick and thin...
it tends to rain in the spring. But if fall is anything like last yrs, it'll be 80 til the beginning of October.
It's adventure time. So go do something fun today. Happy Wednesday good people and make it a GREAT day. :-)
In honor of National Teacher’s Day, give your favorite teacher a shout-out! What is the most important thing you have learned from him/her?
i like how i casually forgot about my twitter for a while;D
will you ever notice mee?? :( how was your day today? <3 i hope you see this. and follow me <3
#HungerGames yea buddy
Our friends tell us that the "Hill City Hot" is the best hot dog they have ever had...I agree with then...please come and try one or two...
Catch 22 sports grill, meet and greet with Greg Toler, tonight 530pm. Showing both football games www.catch22phx.com
Uh oh! Get it Rio! Lol What were you dancing too sir!
vodka and prune juice
On the air from 10-3. Let's make this Monday workday ROCK! 99.9FM V100 or www.V100.fm.
Banks killed this shit
And when we have expended all of the pent up "What a bout me!" ...
I MADE THE HIGHSCHOOL CHEER TEAM! CAN I GET A WHAAT WHAT?(:<3 I hope caps gets ur attention
Time Is Tickin' .
Just got my first set of products...speedstraps, snoot and gel kit...can't wait to use them!!
For all you tweeters make sure you guys follow us!
tell ya sis I said congratz on the youngin
I just can't explain this shit at all ..
easiest way to get glassed in sunnyside on st. patrick's day: order a bushmills.
chilly!! just turned on the fireplace to get cozy while I work
It will be showing for the next 6 weeks-it will be okay ;o)
how's the show brotha
when u coming back to #Denver?
Up and ready to get this ass whopping of a workout in with my guys at Bootcamp today! See u guys in a bit :)
if you go from perm to natural hair back to perm you don't need to apologize nor explain yourself to anyone...do you boo
Get in outta the rain! LADIES- Open bar 6-7pm & half price drinks all night MEN- See above, plus Knicks vs Cavs on all the large screens
Liked The Video:)
cool, maybe you can help me launch a t shirt design of our dog shirts.
and thats to make it out the hood and have my fam eattin good you feel me
You've confused its origin story with super-*delegates*. Super Tuesday is in fact a strange visitor from another planet.
Hope to see you, too! I'm in and out though--under deadline.
This sucks... JUST WANNA SLEEP!
The Ewings are back!! Join JR, Bobby and Sue Ellen on June 13,2012 for their 2 hour premiere of the new "DALLAS"!
I Hate When Niggas Beat Around The Bush.
I know, I don't blame you for judging me. I judge myself too.
great performer and he puts on for cleveland!
Was sitting in Trinity Hall for #UTD prof talk on robotics. Then power was gone, siren went off, and there came hail storm! What an evening.
TONIGHT! comedy at #nietzsches with and many many others!
Tonight ONLY Dancing with the Stars turn on the tube and check out my boyz live with TV debut
I don't like them but to each their own
Hey, there! How are you?
#hoptillyoudrop RT : U.S. total retail spending up 10% since pre-recession levels; e-commerce up 42%
thank you:))
oh nice look forward to it! haha ive been getting myself ready for the MyBmore Takeover!! also school...
Great first set out on the Promenade today. Hung out with for a bit and had a random trumpet player get up and jam with me!
G.M.N.I.: 's "Somebody That I Used to Know" is one of my favorite songs.
that's the kind of hair that deserves a head band lol
Ah so excited! The OFFICIAL website launch for #pricemobster will be in June! Can't wait to help all of you in #Seattle to get
2 days into #astd2012... What are some of your key takeaways so far?
if I wasn't concerned abt you, I would of never asked where have you been.
His brother dances! Haha ... he's cute(:
When you finish an awesome project. Get physical -- actually pat yourself on the back. It feels great!
y didn't u go to Florida for me
Um really. Did my power just go out?
I'm doing good! :) it's been forever since I've seen you!
so not true. Folks are hard at work in your old space as well. We're just not crying about it. :p
If I have made any valuable discoveries, it has been owing more to patient attention than to any other talent. – Isaac Newton
Getting started at #SCIspa, talking about a few projects in scholarly communication as a means of thinking through to larger issues.
Follow Me:)
artcraft theatre is a true indiana treasure. Love that place
I just want it #all, everything is mine, nigga fall back cuz its
These batteries taste like they are freezer burnt.
I am still trying to figure how to use this. I dont even know how I linked my FB acct to this.
I love my job, especially when I get to shoot the shit with Garth Fundis
being by the ocean would be nice...
My sister's eleven and she's less than like two inches from being taller than me -.-
i been gudd i kan do better tho, got all my kreditz n shit up so i get to walk this year!
Now Singing . . "Weak"
I cannot zleeeep -,-
I always do but yet you never notice me :( </3
Better check that PH on your track, because your flow is basic!
you have to when Melendez there, cuz he gon cry about it lok
AND ALL I NEED IS A GREAT BIG CONGRATULATIONS
awe I would either name my son Jake or Aiden and my daughter Caroline or Katherine
... wonder if things will get worse in EDU (after tenure is removed). Students outperforming US have tenured faculty
Today 10:45-11:45am flow at Yoga Tree Castro- see you there...
I think some other professional schools (I'm thinking of business and law) take that approach.
Crane formations!
Tired. Have one more hour before I can go home from wk. Tell me w u doing?
This could be the fight of the weekend.
Arrived to #blend12; looking for something to do, check out ,
WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING? Why do I keep getting mind fucked by this episode? my head is starting to hurt.
Riverworks Center Brewer Tailgate!
Kisses to all my fans and haters, you are my biggest inspiration.
Thnx for Getty post - looks cool and I like their slam video. Tho do you know what the pig is about?
I love how websites do that! I find it funny when I'm looking on a British page and I are things spelled differently. Idk why. Haha
Are there any good faithful married men? I mean no cheating men. If it is some good faithful married men. God Bless You.
Had a great stand-up paddle boarding adventure with yest. With the wind working against us, it ended up being quite workout!
#Badgers we need to retake the #hashtag battle
whats up lover
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: 50 Cent Wings and Minestrone Soup
Our Hero is a perpetual breath of fresh air.
smhhhhhhh , thats all i gotta say
Top of a toilet is for setting down shit that probably doesn't even belong in your bathroom. Not flushing.
you must have it on bootleg
What an adorable little lady! What did she come up with?
will be home soon, and I gotta figure out what we're eating today, when I am going to the laundromat and what else to do
Thanks to from for speaking last night! Also, thanks to for hosting and to for sponsoring!
Thanks for the follow! One Love. Purp.
oh no he LOVES it... Plus he has a thing for girl's named Vanessa :P
“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.”
#15DAYS AH CAN'T WAIT I LOVE YOU SO MUCH !!!
Good Luck, Let show the Cub Fans How a real team opens the season
Great. Randy and a few more of us will say Hello. :)
You betcha! email, text, call .. whatever works!
"Never let someone else's opinion of you determine your reality." -Les Brown via Patrick Snow.
I dont care about your sexual preference. How did that come into the conversation?
That last tweet was dedicated to Kimye and Co.
Who Run The World ? Squirrels
what r u trying to say? Speak english lol
I'm just on some random tweeting shit since I only come on here every blue moon or gray day.
Enchanted forest is impossible to find
looks like is down. problems yesterday too. I go on vaca tmrw, so I guess I'll be using a new product for work.
I hope everyone is having a good weekend. Stay tuned in as next week big things are going to start happening for streamline apparel!
From then on Jim pursued his love for repairing and customizing cars.
Inspired by #thinspo, I've got to say women's unhealthy views on food get a lot of airtime. My friends & I enjoy healthy eating!
Snap, ! Maybe the server just was trying to make his guest feel more comfortable. He thought you would like it.
RT : Check out my 5 star review of Monogamy Sucks by the awesome You don't want to miss his steamy books!...
FYI: No new initiation fees will be required for existing members of either union. So go ahead, Vote YES to
need some #freaky texts right about now lol
I want more followers! TELL UR FRIENDS OF UR FRIENDS OF UR OTHER FRIENDS TO FOLLOW ME! lol. I follow back! :D I SWEAR! GO tell em! haha
Good night all!
send it I'll take the bet
Given up on meeting chicks on twitter, they're all fat with issues anyway.
Who wants to join my class action lawsuit against the Lost creators for wasting 6 years of our lives.
I find myself retuning the YGG! Jumpy jump jump song frequently. Co-workers OH me singing "Pwny pwn pwn"
Follow back
Triple chocolate snickers? What is this madness? And why didn't they tell me sooner?!
I don't think knows what Regular Show is. Are you talking about the music video? Because it was fantastic.
Learning to Think: How A Poor Understanding of Feminism Stole My Brain, & Wanting to Fuck a Hot Cowboy Has Nothing To Do With It.
well look like cole witt getting 2nd in point because he finish 4th austin finish 5th but who care austin better than cole
How do you deal with unfounded, unexplained #Google accusation of #guideline violations?
Just keep throwing me under the bus. It's cool.
Headache like usual! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
NFL Predictions: Browns @ Ravens; Ravens -11 or Ravens -575
Whatchu know about that #yolo status?
ain't no fun tweeting to itself ìí
My mama and daddy so lame
#What's your Beatles #1 "Gimme Shelter" #beatlesvsstones Ahh, we kid. "A Day in the Life"-what else is there? But seriously
Txt me
wait so if the are going to be in season 7 ABDC, Vinny has to be an IB again,right? they cant go back without Vinny!
Ugh my hair is too long
Web Designing today.
ps. I am unable to dm to those that do not follow back. My apologies.
It started with a whissperrr! ,that commercial is to gay #neontrees wow how gay are you? Lmao
sorry for the late response. No I was at home. My son has been sick but doing better
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Unlimited groups, upload your own images, no ads & quizlet plus badge(?). Upgrade price is reasonable….going to see.
cool dude
“: I wrapped up mother's day by greasin my mommas scalp #blackmoms” haha, nice
All these rappers & producer tweetin about how hot their music is. When I look at national #top100 #soundscan I don't see none of yall .
I hate it when you ask someone "whats wrong?" And they say "nothing." obviously, that's not true.
I gotta get my point across somehow homie.
This #criminal has finally revealed himself! WhoisTrevor.com
Welcome to our newest honoree ! Also a fellow Princess alum! :)
what's good yo
To my loving twitter Fam you can #FOLLOW me on Instagram aka "InstaFam" I got flicks and pics on my joint!!! <U+270C>holla
Hangin with the boys. It's good to be home.
hey idk if u remember me but I'm that Karen girl on YouTube I met a Shan princess here in Denver and I'm reading
Why is everyone sitting in "edith ann" chairs?
way to rock Mansfield, !
how have u liked Royal so far?
I told him to keep coming to houston and he played a great show and asked for a pic with him and he was real nice
My next novel: "You're Not Married - So what!"
honestly I have no clue... I am biased because I use it for my work. But if YT is working for vurb then that's great!
Check out this #pinterest tool that will tell you if anything from your site has been pinned on pinterest....
I'm about to offline(: bye
"If you want to go somewhere quickly, go alone. If you want to go far, take someone w/ you" from of #momcon2012. Connect!
I have to say that the traditional role is kind of a myth. I think the traditional Mexican woman is a fierce woman.
Three miles seems so easy when Sunday is eight. Not sure how I feel about packer rock.
... good luck on the Rose Awards tonight! We're cheering for you! :-)
<--not surprised this group is crushing.
Obama is threatening to veto it.
#FF Walker's Point participants in #GalleryNight: - stop in to see them and come take in ONE TIME at 8 pm.
Well that was odd!! But funny as he'll!!!! Lmfao!<U+E415><U+E415>
“Anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is, of course, in a state of sin.” - John von Neumann (1903-1957)
Well gee! That's certainly nice to hear.
I have a both a GE and a Kitchenaid. The #GE has been much more reliable. But, both still working fine.
Bored today? Why not pose questions to your colleagues then bellow FALSEHOOD! if they get it wrong, like a cast member on Knightmare?
...so i'm not alone on this...Great...good to know...
Yeah Josh Hamilton, God wanted you to do a shitload of oxy and drink an ocean of booze so you could end up making 100s of millions.
“: the two bad things about moving in August: sharing a bathroom and not being close to a McDonald's <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>” RUDE.
People in Florida ARE horrible drivers. I'm probably one of the better FL driver and i'm 17.
get your baby punching gloves ready
Yea, you going??
Dream time.
hate it tooRT : . at #activatenyc2012 : "I hate the term content." Gourmet today would be Foursquare. Instagram is reality TV.
I had to it was damaged. One side was longer then other. It'll grow back
...Sporting Bobcat pride on College Colors Day. Here's to Orange and Black!
lol we need to have coffee! :-)
oh wait Gets my tweets send to her phone too ;)
My belly button is in pain.
I'm not sure if I could have done the same. These photos are truly moving.
What is the next music revolution in USA?
350 minutes a week in 2012. I can do it baby!
Good luck to you A.J in your travels, and i'll be looking for you in your next TV show! Criminal Minds is not going to be the same now!
Had TWO cute red head flirt action moments today.
Congratulations on being named NHL's 2nd Star of the Week!!!
The Raven rocks.
RIP TOMMY SMITH YOU WILL BE MISSED
Join me at Joe's Movement Emporium today until 4pm and get a $10 coupon for your 1ST WOMB SAUNA SESSION! SPREAD THE NEWS! =0)
And im wearing all black today
would lobe to see you in that Blue and White uniform with Kentucky across the front. Go Cats!!
You better do it before I kick yo baby in its Achilles tendon *in my voice*
Greg sorry but that is not a good Friday song. Imjustsaying
That's what HE said! LOL RT : I'd never lie to you, Nicole!
RT : "An infinite God can give all of Himself to each of His children." AW Tozer via
Hell yea I thought my shit is bad last week then my bro's homey said he couldn't find a place to stay humbled me right away
What are the things you do to maintain the tune of your piano?
I'd take them on my trip to Puerto Rico at the end of the month!! :)
Damn, defnitely discovered something new about myself
*tears of joy - so partial to infinite sadness* sigh
are you good friends with lamichael James? Huge fan here. Oregon native, in military stationed in Boston.
Cafe is currently rocking the smooth jazziest smooth jazz version of "take my breath away"
Austin Mills Goes For 40
Gas for truck. check. Poker hat. check. Favorite shirt. check. Money. check...That's it. Heading for poker room. check.
Thanks for the PLUS K's!!!
Not sure, I will ask around today and find out. I'm hoping some locals will show up. When is graduation?
Just a couple of more problems...and I'll be done with this impossible homework...
Sorry for the delayed response -- we have a free orientation on Wednesday Nov 9th from Noon - 1 pm. Or call 246-6900.
is there an atmosphere concert coming up I should know about? I love slug!
yes, it's the new desktop hubs got me for Christmas. I blame solar flares. Thanks for google idea! Xo
you are right, of course. :)
#megamillions No love for me either!!
This weekend>>
Hope everyone has a great Easter :) ~~~
awesome we cannot wait :)
INCREASE YOUR MENTAL STATE!!
I wish people had a mute button...
all pet beds are 25% off at Uptown Pets Boutique, just tell us you follow us on twitter....
I never tweet lmaoo
Va. Tech will have revenge against Clemson... Sat night...GO HOKIES!!!
Hey yall notice we stay consistant and keep bringing bigger bigger things to the scene
Word on the street is you guys won! Congrats man! Hope you guys get a home game.
Booker T's Born under a bad sign gives me chills & reminds me of the greatness we're lucky to experience here today
i'm sorry, i don't seem to recall that game. did they play a super bowl that year?
For sure!
Happiness will be the Ham at Ole Ole!
We're at Spirit of '77 for "Bollywood" Mixologist competition for Live The worldwide winner cold be in a Bollywood Film.
Anyone have a direct contact at the #DelanceyStreet Foundation? Much appreciated.
tel mrs lane not to mark me aabcent that I'm a ccuple blocks away!!!!
The desert was a little hotter last night! How was your Valentine's Day? Did you have any special plans or an amazing meal?
thanks for the quick reply. Would be great if all clients rendered html emails the same.
These ideas of my nightmare
OMG. MIND BLOWN.
You're totally for serious. And I seriously miss all of you. My time in Spokane was too short <3
It's just sad..just sad.I don't know what this country is turning into, i thought we made some major advancement i guess not
What in the name of God does the status of tenured faculty have to do with fair hiring practices in Archives?
Unions are by no means perfect, but they have done a lot for this country.
My.feet.hurt
#ThoughtsWhileRunning damn,my sides hurt!!!
i don't even know what that means lol
whats your all time favorite movie maxine
like it won't stop blinking but my phone has been acting dumb . But what's new ?
Looking forward to your comments. Look forward to more posts from thePEARLSlink. Enjoy your day!!!
God I hate my brother so much
crazy busy like always! What r u up to?
was she wearing a club Skye outfit? Or just a random
places everything needed for career selection & job searching in one easy-to-use Web app - find out how at booth 32!
Hello tweets. London is lovely at this time of year. Olympic excitement in the air and the Tube's been cleaned up. Feeling all Danny K'ish.
True love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights. If you hear bells, get your ears checked.
Woot! I was just on the podcast!
Said in meeting: "We're not the city government. We don't have an unlimited amount of funds." What's wrong with that statement?!?
We'll deliver to either of your locations. Just ask next time you send in an order. (Depends on time of day, etc...)
Rapper's Delight dance party in the dining room!
Oh, and I must more buttoned down on the AofA page - this is my Kim account. You've been warned!
they bout to get off in that ass! Welcome to gladiator school pussy!
Hey, keep my phone safe. I left it in bowling. Ill be back to get it around 8
": #whileinarelationship its actions over words. period"
lol what u mean ur a genius
ahh after watching "this video sucks" seriously snow come now we all want you!! my board is sad :(
Is there a link to the candidate paperwork?
U remind me of a girl that I once knew
You in town next month?tryin to figure out a date that would work.oh, and I'm looking into hypnosis..spoon bending? hell yeah
Where do #chiliheads congregate in #pdx ? I need my spicy bros wit me
I love mine also
I kinda wanted to watch all the male. #avengers bone while #blackwidow watches. Superheros are so homoerotic.
Congrats on winning poster!
Happy Friday!! I need to get back into updating here.
Getting some Tom Waits vibes from "Dance of the Doomed". That's a compliment in my book. Love it!
Sometimes the forces of destiny bring people together
What can I do today
The first Labor Day in the United States was observed on September 5, 1882. Happy Labor Day!
always good reconnecting w U
80% of the time couple's divorce is because they grew apart. Adultery is a symptom of growing apart.
RT: trafficintocash - I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward. - Thomas Edison
playing halo 3
GO CLIPPERS!!!
Thank you for the kind words and support, Zeshan! We do what we can.
About time is following me! ")
Nice! U should infiltrate the Prudential Ctr 4 the next game! :) #RangersFTW RT : ... went to Ranger game 4 my bday
It isn't the tranquil and placid seas, that bring out the sailor's skill, it's the wind and waves that pound his ship, and toss it about ...
No mention of the dead dog in the piece, no. And me, sometimes, when I can't chug it before I board the plane.
They seem like the type of fans that will cheer just to cheer. When was the last time the Sabres made headlines? Probably never.
"Delivering balanced literacy instruction encompasses selecting what to teach, how to teach it & in what setting..." –Elaine McEwan-Adkins
Glad we get to play the Canucks instead of the Blues, but this still sucks.
is not my friend , thats my BROTHER ,we gon be on our double dragon shit with this music. So a early sorry to wack rappers
Biskating to be inducted as a professional sport in 2012. First official team: Alki Otters.
#ImHappyWhen I have no homework....
goodnight lil anti hope yhu feel better :)
Maybe all the time
I hope so
RT : The biggest rivalry in college sports begins now!
Good love will find you someday. Til then live well, live happy and live free.
thanks for the follow back. Caught the team at Infineon last season. Best of luck in 2012!
Any BUGGIES out there that tried our cupcakes today , please give us feedback if u haven't already! Good or bad we wanna know!!
What's going on?
review Enough Thunder sometime soon?
what up pimp. i mite come thru thursday
AT&T Will Unlock Your Out-of-Contract iPhone Starting Sunday
My favorite pattern is houndstooth. Mainly b/c I like saying the word houndstooth.
I'm going to a concert filled with hipsters. So you know, it'll look like a room full of lesbians. Yes, you should add beer.
Design ductless green buildings to save installation & operation costs + increase comfort
UCA basketball sucks I miss the forum too much need to get home
Katrina Parker, I'm not a big fan but she did really good, and looked beautiful tonight ! Great performance
Well, after driving a distance equal to the length of Indiana as a state, i've finally arrived at my final educational destibation... yay...
I have a habit of falling too hard and falling too fast and getting my hopes up for something that won't last.
You mean failed Congress! Get it right. They banned together to screw us all.
Texting oomf until I go to sleep
I hate that noise above all other noises
Lil Jon say what?
& have always been an inspiration to me and example of exellence to local churches. time to
I Wish I had Someone To #Love <3
Nobody at Adobe yet. They're all at Media Motion Ball.
Thank you!! Same to you. Do you have a facebook page? we could show our support there as well!
hahah chill off and on with many #naps and procrastination. tomorrow I wont leave the house til 10 or 11
Thinking about starting a site for guys...husbands specifically where everyday they can choose if they are in the green or red with the wife
“ “ Open vs. Closed is not a statement about morality. It is a question of innovation vs. laziness. #TOCChicago””
Thanks for the mention! Have a great weekend...RT Follow Friday
Nm just thinking if Justin will ever even read the DMs I send him
Happy Birthday!!!
Maybe partying will help?
Somehow I always manage to stress when flying out of #BNA but end up waiting a hour at the gate. Can't teach and old dog new tricks.
What does that even mean?
Lucky I'm in love with my best friend
Tenant Resource Center needs volunteers for a mailing (stick label & count) Friday 9 - 5 or Sunday 4 - 7. Let me know if you're available!
Can't stand people who cut in line.
but if the seat was up, and i need it down- i'm not going to put it back up...ah i see, it's cause it's more work for men! ah ha!
Family is the greatest thing that one can have. Thank you for being there for me.
i was jus over taron crib and asked for his mic
Ron Artest, #Queensbridge But in all seriousness that was intentional. What is he thinking..
I do take some satisfaction from the fact that UVa sports teams have won 20 national championships, while VT teams have won 0.
So far I can't see anything that we need from a Cyber Monday deal....
What's in your cup today?
We have so much exciting stuff in store for you! What would you like to see #Audish accomplish?
Where to? Oh, that's right -- we're not allowed to see the permits...
Mr Warrior, quien va de titular, Chicharito o Franco?
Hope this cumulative accounting final goes well
Harbor Master
Very cool!
Jus wanna get away. Thinkin bout getting myself a room or sum!
agreed.. pierce had one of his best years as a celtic, doesnt make sense, maybe letting rumor linger to help re sign green?
Please check out my answer on to: Im a non custodial parent and my shared parenting is being violated. My daugh...
#3ScreenMin nice considerations of the 10' viewing context with remote and what content/services work in that paradigm.
you have got to be the nicest person on this planet. Stopping and paying attention to girls, it means the world to them(:
you coming to the next breakfast??
I love you guys!
cool I lived in Elmont then Bethpage. Very good video!
you are not a slut and that is such a negative and hurtful thing to say to someone. especially someone as sweet as you. ):
See you tonight at the Opolis . We start at 10pm .
Best part of watching the final four for me is performance especially
meaning they can shape things? Or am I oversimplifying?
Do the math, the difference is the cost of the wars. And of course it has, we're slowly climbing out of the Great Recession.
dude you need to text mee please(:
I really want phillip phillips to win <U+2665>
2 b able 2 fill leisure intelligently is the last product of civilization, & at present very few people have reached this level. B Russell
This could be something .
Everyone feels broken sometimes
SWAT situation near Blake & Unser, but no need to worry. we're gonna shoot this scumbag from the sky in our helicopter. Bang bang bang!
It's going good Just finished a film shoot a couple of day's ago, got a couple projects, short film screening April 12th
Just finished #GUTS. You totally get it. #pushingpeanuts #whatever worksjustdoit
I literally have no idea what you're talking about though! Oh well. Was it that bad?
Just did week 1, day 3 of !
Best of luck to you. It is the greatest city in the world (IMHO).
5 novels & 25 feature films coming soon....
looks like we're getting some nice new windows mobile stuff on ! Check it out mobile designers!
I am getting an alarming amount Viagra spam lately. What I need are sleeping pills, spammers of the world. SLEEP.
Auditioned for SAG commercial this morning- Booked another SAG National commercial in Chicago, wardrobe tomorrow, shoot Wednesday.
He is just getting started with researching how. He said Apple since he has an iPad & iPhone4 He has his 1st idea...
Woo ALEX IS AMAZING is only 5th away from the top!! Make it first!!!!
Whoever renders service to many puts himself/herself in line for greatness.
So glad to hear you enjoyed your experience at Lot No. 3 :-)
Loved the list on ur blog. I'd invite you over, if you lived closer...ALL of you,4 dinner, @ once. 6 acres 4 kids to RUN!! ;)
I'm hoping that isn't the problem... but I'll talk to you more later.
A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his. - Bobby Darin
I use that same advice for comments that might be perceived as sexual harassment.
Back home!! Hello sun.
One item can make life so much easier ;)
Looking forward to tomorrow's Leadership Building Signature Drive with Address text 619.633.5184 www.drweber4assembly.com
a duct tape thong!
that was a scary tweet
a quote from my pastor tonight--"u need to get off facebook and get into His book" the man speaks the truth lol
#bizethics I am struck by how much energy conservation comes from simply leading a healthy, balanced lifestyle
“: with being bombarded with fan girls now, i barely get to talk to him anymore.. #sadface” RTRTRTRTRT yes.
BCBG "it" girls CAROLYN, LILY, ALANA and MARY kill it for the second day in a row!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>Kisses Back!:)
Had a great day at Jones Beach w/ my lovebug Jason, Dan & Bianca
Unfollow this page it got hacked and follow my new one
ok great well I have a friend back home whos into financing and he's been doing alot of film projects.
Thank you guys so much for coming to Seattle! So so sorry about all the closed sneaker shops!
Yes, but that order is based on categories, not importance
thanks, autumn! that's high praise.
“: you must've done this before this can't be your first time.”that's what she said?
Will do, thank you!!!
thanks for the #FF, right back at you. Great voice on all things fiction and Eagles.
I'm loving the Aaron Rodgers Discount Double Check commercials, but I could do without the Cheesehead dude.
I drank 2 & smuggled 5, I think it was a smashing success. Feliz Cinco de Mayo.
That's a grant proposal I wish I hadn't seen.
I just got back from the movies (yes, that's 2 days in a row) and Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol is a must see in I-Max.
SMH, that's not right. RT : I'll read your book, "Tuesdays with Pat Dye, a scotch manifesto," instead.
aw why?
gaucho pants are a no go
Also #thankful for my family and all my friends. Thanks for being your authentic, compassionate, curious & inspirational selves.
Demitri Martin was so funny lol
I've been through TSA security 3 times today! In PDX airport ask for Manuel- strong yet supple hands, he'll treat you right.
Join me Baby J, & Live at Rosedale Park for the Coors Light Tejano Rodeo Round Up! Jay Perez, Los Aguilares, DLG, Despoz!
ugh i have to go outside buy dinner and put up the clothes, but it hurts so badly.
I am, thanks. Have a great weekend!!
coca cola x)
im know im not perfect, but then again neither are you. so shut the fuck up
you should probably mention that they rejected a 3-way even chop when you were shortest stack
If only I could have thought of something charming to say...
yeah ..that fits...sweet..
Happy Veteran's Day to all those who serve and protect our country!
Ightt', I won't forget.(:
nights like this need
m. m rolled Pork loin with Brown Rice, Asparagus, BIG Bacon, Candied Onions & Cilantro Puree... Girls YOU BETTER LIKE THIS!
I.hate.you!
But a crucial course. Where r u studying? RT Literature of the Holocaust. What a great, uplifting, non-depressing course.
I love music
Hazelnut coffee time plzzzzzz
sure. but maybe you know its cousin by a different name?
Innovative Educational Games that Effectively Teach Internet Safety to Children Online Are Now Offered on Harley ...
Its a thin line between real and fake ... and that line so thin you got people crossing over
wojo defensive coordinator, collins offensive coordinator, both among the best in the country, both so knowledgable
thought I was just giving commentary to the student presentations, but found out I must give my own. smidge irked, but gonna knock it out.
That pussy prolly dry
I still love you
yes please! i'm always ready for vacation, and we should go together! i like someplace with architecture, dessert, and sun.
"I start with a novel and then I compress it."
Come 2 the darkside......we have kittens! Why kittens u ask?? Cuz we ate all the cookies!! That why! ;)
- Running the DL half 2012?? Me too! Gotta earn my C2C medal!
Hey Sharon! I've been hitting deadline after deadline so I forgot Twitter existed!
Coming up at the top of the hour on The Student Section: WAER Syracuse Sports Dir Bill Spaulding. We're talking Sweet 16, 608-265-9786
Researcher use case
it has to be a play on my name..
I don't know why I have two new episodes of 30 Rock, but I'm not going to complain. I'm on all the drugs.
At work some lady said not having kids means you're selfish, shallow, or ugly.Which was weird because those are the word i would use for her
!!! RT : Headed to the city of southern efficiency and northern hospitality.
Up late chatting with my new awesome roomie!!
DOING FINE TONIGHT DID LOTS OF CLEANING TODAY SO PRETTY TIRED TONIGHT
Hit a punk in the back with a pump in the back, till he's off balance
high tide. I'm a classic so midnight blue but I'm crazy too so I like the Chartreuse!
thanks chris...ill look it up tonight
Never believe a girl when she says "im fine."
A7: I sometimes point out that teachers are already collecting data (e.g., grading papers) to illustrate data use
I dnt do things because I'm scared I just dnt do it because I dnt wanna hear nobody mouth. when I'm on my own then I will live as I please.
Just had a great talk w/ Brock & Chris our mgr. & asst. mgr. @ the Prince Rd. store about social media. They want to see #Naughtons grow.
The fact that he misses me >
I'm going to be real guys. I don't know what YOLO means.
oh JCPenney... bad logo, bad idea... there's really no need for a #retail revolution
trip to soon?
Back in Nova. Thanks Inessa and Shannon for suc ...
dear twitter, thanks for not making weddings, babies, and their associated showers the central topic of discussion.
you never finished showing me your dance :O
well u have a fun and safe night and c u in the am
Nice. Could be good for maps, contact #s, where ppl will want access on a phone. But is it not technically a call to action?
That album was a grower for me, but I definitely love it now. So much soul.
Have a Bucket List? Want to share it with the world? Post the URL to your blog here! facebook.com/BucketListClub…
remember? i was your friend before you found her
This place about to blow.
Cheers! Happy
but change it to "Look, m'lady" and the whole thin changes.
Am locked out
MT : The problem with being on Twitter is that I know when I'm missing awesome things. Like the lu'au. Guava Hawaiian ice?!
haha(: What is Pocket People? Im not really sure..
Hi there! how is everyone?
Where's my list of last ditch things to get my wife for various holidays I almost forgot? Oh yeah, Dollar Store here I come :D
Wow. We got lucky there.
Hey everyone, is now a Local First member! Show them some local love and stop by in Tosa!
i need a new agent MINE SUCKS
Than maybe you'd find out prayer-app useful! See here: www.birdofprayer.org
SO SLEEPY e____e
Going on a walk!
Now that the term is over for both my Ph D and my adjunct class, I may have the time to show my face on Twitter again.
This is about to be one hell of a weekend!!
because, yes, I worry about stuff like that.
What's the point of being with a man if he doesn't pay for you, open doors for you, move heavy things for you, is your personal handy man?
- Mine is usually smudged.
Maybe the answer to quoting passages vs offsets is to use fuzzy word matching with hashes.
I cant believe im saying this Go Bama beat the crap out of lswho!!
"Hey baby, late night?" "I'm going to work, asshole." Every Saturday morning ever.
Great Game...fav Muse song Butterflies and Hurricanes (Remix w/add Guitars)
Reddit added categories after about a month in, but then ditched them after negative user feedback.
OMG!!! OMG IT'S OFFICIAL!!! I GET MY BRACES OFF IN TWO WEEKS!!!!! XD :) <3<3<3<3
RT : Q2) Immediate application in the real world, not a simulation or role play.
yay our team Sh*t Volunteers Say!!
Glad you enjoy my random gifts
I completely get you lol
Thanks RT : congratulations !
Haha sweet ! Psyched to hear.
Site will be back up shortly. Funny how a domino effect can start at 8 AM on a monday morning.
all your tweets make me want to slit something in half.
Q6: Remove cars/trucks ability to pass you at any speed and any distance.
Our Salad Of The Day "Go Blue Salad" Lettuce, Chicken, Blue Cheese, Blueberries, Tomato, Pecans, tossed w/Blueberry Truffle Vinaigrette!
Do you have a Facebook page?
How is the rehab going ??
Aiming for a MUCH better day today!!
I see twitter become the network where sex is express thru pictures, videos and words etc...LMAO!
Stupid fat women chain smoking at the playground make me very angry. You know who you are beeatch.
If we win, we can call it St. Catrick's Day.
RT : This is HUGE! ? RT Responding to reader input, we are changing Web site to website. /finally
No way! It's New York!
-i hate when i get to busy to hang my clothes back up or fold them and put them away in my dresser..
#welovegreyson because he's talented one of the most talented people that ever walked on this planet.(:
How would you like to learn how to profit from real estate investing? I have exciting news.... stay tuned for more details!
damn son you took me back! Love that song!
Looked like Jenkins didn't go down low enough and perhaps was kicked by her partner?
Let's figure out a different day- Marcus has been busy with softball starting.
Lester Hudson went for 29 the other night, this league about more than scoring, thats why he's a roll player.
Was just in an elevator & all I thought about was who would be the ultimate #survivor. Pretty sure they would be under my control in no time
The movie Strong Men is dedicated to the one in six men who have been sexually abused. Join us in the journey to make this film.
At USD for 's North American Competitiveness conference. Connecting members to business opportunities in our region.
She like the way I walk, she like the way I talk ;)
if they want to tote their gun around, they should have to wear sweatpants.
Thanks, and yes Education is key!
A perfect day to sit by the window with a warm cup of coffee and a good book. Je suis contente.
hi i see you
Don't tell anyone, but I kinda like Nicki Minaj.
I came through not to long ago! You got my #?
haha, that is awesome Rob!! And pretty much sums it up = )
They only care about driving her car off of things. I'm not cool with that, Barbie doesn't roll like that lol
So proud of you guys for having such a great debut album! I feel like a proud parent :) haha also, come back to STL soon!
Today will be insanely HOT! (I brought shorts for later)
I love Spring!!!! And the fact that my copy of 50 Shades of Grey FINALLY shipped!!! Yes!!
#vatorsplash MyStand has passion. Passion=great company! Intriguing pitch. Or i just want to save the world
A clean studio is a happy studio! :)
If you get a chance to see it again watch the doc abt James Taylor & Carole King. It's a great look @ early '70s culture.
but have you watched his film Puncture on Netflix? There are shirtless scenes of him in that movie.
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow thati think ball is life :)
If sex is only for procreation, what are seniors and the infertile -- chopped liver?
#Über is awesome. Right ? “: Definitely will try Thanks for reminding me! Been wanting to for a while now.”
at the end of the first quarter, Bakersfield is down 31-29
Could you please send an email to info (at) studyblue (dot) com with more details? We'll get to the bottom of it.
Drinking Zombie Dust by - insanely awesome brew. Want...more...
Pancake nipples
For National Cheese Day, I suggest have friends over 2 eat cheese & wait 4snow. Turn heat down w the crowd 2 save $$$!
Kevin Heart (:
I presume you will be in Vegas in Nov. Mahle policy sucks so US business will disappear!
Social Justice performer n academic Dr Ashley Lucas will be at next week with her world-known one-woman show Doin' Time.
kellan?.....is that the guy from Goodburger? He was great on All That too.
CONGRATULATIONS!! (only if you really love him ;) Are you still at escuchame? have you seen Latino2 in June in NYC?
GUYS ! just come over here and swimm! that way we can all hangout !
okay ima stop makin beats and take my ass to sleep my ears hurtin
Dang this really is #Glee in real life! Ha
your welcome! Hope you followed back!
Hola de mexico
daniel alarcon just launched Radio Ambulante
Hello! I make necklaces and bracelets but haven't progressed to earrings. Have just started making my own beads :)
Sometimes in life you run across the most pleasant people, and they say things and it can make your day thank you Lord I needed that
Don't let unexpected events throw you off course. Remember God is w/ you. He'll help you cope w/ whatever is before u
one of those'little devils' is at my house now!!
yikes! RT : Cal projected to sell $270M in ticket fees to build a fb stadium. 3 yrs in they've raised only $31M!
& u use my phone everytime u 'swaggin' on tha angry birds hoe Like I said
So says the Lord. Lol RT/ “: Dang I need more followers”
come on man. . . hit up Jet's pizza
By everyone else, we're assuming you mean Carlos Marmol.
Educational institutions are unaware of this vital role of reflection on the part of the students receiving knowledge.
Im a homo jk im half jk im hetero jk WHAT DOES IT MATTER IF I LIKE PENIS OR VAGINA? Its my life.
Sleep well!!! XOXOXO
no I am - sorry just dealing w/ 3 sick kids this am :( Will call you shortly.
it's gettin cold outside! :/ #HOODIETIME! :D
Follow along with #commfeast!
Hope my dad won't mind that I showed a whole class a video of him doing some karaoke. Sorry, pops. It's "What's Your Culture Day" in class.
Surprise sex is the best thing to wake up to, unless you're in prison.
pastry + studio shot, then bakery + natural light
Thanks to and for following!
u mad me soo happy awwee :D
yeah I ain't gon miss no more
i can't believe eminem is still relevant??
Delayed! MT ATREX rescheduled to Monday night 3/19 due unacceptable weather on 3/18. Launch decision to be made late 3/18.
Im sleepy.... i truly am lol
:-P I'm a loser
Lonesome Dove is great. Actually, you can't go wrong with the entire series.
o I will, my hormones and sex drive are super High right now it's crazy!!!!
Soup's bubbling. Turnips, sweet potatoes, and squash are roasting. Yep, it's definitely fall at Wimpole Street's Monday night workshop.
It is totes your theme song!
You knew I couldn't trust people, yet you finally convinced me to trust you. Thanks for showing me yet again why I can't trust people.
thanks for following me Chuck. I'm a huge Yankees fan. You brought us a lot of joy during your playing days. What u up to?
thinking of heading out to Mount Hood (Wy'East) on my 2nd to last weekend in Portland - 70ies both days!
On no my Tebow :(
i love playoff hockey!
Nap time before work, I will dream of not having to go in
Our partner, Menominee Tribal Enterprises, supplied maple for the #NCCA Final 4 court! Check out their story on CBS Sports tonight 9pm EST!
She may poo all over the park, but we are responsible pet owners. We pick up after her.
Holla at me.
you and me got a blog war coming. i feel it.
Draw Something: Cerice73 add me+++++++
I'm so proud of myself for having basic middle school/high school knowledge and passing the test for the hospital job.... I'm a GENIUS!
yeah i am the same way lol
i guess im not that nervous now that everything's actually done lol
tell us more!
hey mark im alfred from houston. I see u do sports betting. Me too. Im hittin over 60% last 70 days. Maybe i cud make money with u??
#FF the best Swagger crew around ever since Justin Bieber fired his coach.
unfortunately, not having a terribly productive night :-( guess we all need a night off though, right?
what are you doing this weekend?
I got it!
I'LL DM JUSTIN BIEBER FOR THE NEXT 100 PEOPLE TO FOLLOW ~> ME<- I'M NOT JOKING + we will follow back+always reply+Rt+DMs :)
If put in the certain situation and/or pushed to a certain limit I think any person would commit certain "crimes" some need less than others
Q. What's a monster's favorite bean? A. A human bean. #HalloweenJoke :)
Big Bill congratulates Rahm on his successful lighting of the holiday tree at Daley Plaza yesterday!
I think we're finally going to see an end to this silliness. Back to football news (crickets)
If it had been work I shouldn't have done it
Steam showers are nuts.
then maybe you should update it more often, and see whether anyone cares about your opinion re: food.
You ROCK. That front row was on FIRE! Onward and upward!
Fanta Soda <
Can I say that I'm just a bit excited!? ;P RT I am for sure going to release some summer singles, videos and the whole nine (:
Call it its fake just call it
J.S. Park is one of my favorite players. He's all over the field.
way to be a Debbie downer
so is with her boyfriend of the week series. I don't read much romance but used to years ago.
Angry Bird...great idea for a costume!
You laugh when people fall, but when its you, its a different story.
loving you!
Try placing cursor after last character of previous paragragh then hitting enter. Or shift+space.
Thanx 4 making Leather & Laces a huge success & a special thanx 2 security/police for keeping every1 safe!
haha woman runs onto the court
Thank you, Marie! :O)
- stupid spam!
El Cajon Mayor Mark Lewis likens La Mesa's Oktoberfest to a "swap meet" while honking this weekend (and next weekend) 's Oktoberfest in EC.
Burl demo's A/D-D/A B2 Bomber 2nite! Eddie Kramer called the B2 indispensable when doing the Valleys of Neptune + Woodstock. Come on down!
got kinks in your network? let Lithium Networks take away your problems. #IT #austin #austinbusinesses #networking #ATX #Austin-Tech #
+1 RT i like fake tv. written by really good writers and executed by talented actors & directors. ive got enough reality in reality
Oh, it's bed time. Thank you for the conversation today and thanks for those who bought my books today. Your support is always appreciated!
RIP - Steve Jobs .... 2005 commencement speech, it's still completely great and pertinent even today youtube.com/watch?v=D1R-jK…
Coming back home bro! See you tomorrow. Let's play some drums!
Look out for our lose 12 lbs in 2012 promotion and fun video out next week.
I cried because you're a pathetic teenage girl with a penis.
I need a roman holiday
This is exciting! Do you have the tour itinery? Susan at Auberge on the Vineyard
OMG NICE SONG
RT : Everybody fucking knows it. and are the cutest couple up in this joint &lt;3
Brandon Marshall has a beautiful complexion.
Who's going to be at #comiccon today?!
- What are you doing Saturday? I could set up an ARX trial workout in downtown LA for you
Got some awesome tunes lined up for my #shivanata class this morning. Flailing synchronizes to any music.
when bro
Like this status if you are going to see Underoath and The Chariot tonight. I'm so there.
R M F T : #SomeoneIWantToMeet !!!!! always have
Does the have the raisin balls just like the ??
Been customer since '00, Samsung Charge worst phone in their history. Replacements suck, locked in contract, not happy.
there's nothing hardcore about you, and your faggot ass crew.
Being inducted into the US Olympic Hall of Fame is a BIG DEAL. Huge day today! JT GHJ GD.
Voting for an injury prone player to be on the cover of madden 12 is like making a recovering alcoholic chug a fifth of whiskey
Stop JF Jones Jewelers tomorrow & Sat for 3 chances to "dig for diamonds"! W.jfjonesjewelers.com
Catch Shame Gutta performing at Los Magnificos Car Show Sunday w Wacka Flocka Lil Scrappy Ace Hood & more!
omg yes! I would die and cry if they gave them to me omg LOL
I wish I could get as excited as George Constanza/ Larry David get about anything and/or everything.
Killed it announcing at the lady comet game yesterday! # winning
that moment when you say her life is such a
Oo- that's tasty! RT : can't wait to see you! I'm getting wild rice arancini when we go to
Sometimes when I'm mad I take it out on the kids. Oh, heavens no! not my kids...
On the way here Ari???
Thanks for the follow. love the O'jays and love your background photo. The ocean is my happy place.
Never a dull moment with a feature you DON"T have! So wish I was back east with ! So much better!
Finally seeing "The Hunger Games". OMG.
you will LOVE Downton Abbey!!!!!
It is $12 Tuesday. Get an 18" 2 Topping pizza for $12. But you already knew that, didn't you?
what show was canceled?
Hi. I am probably home. Im just avoiding someone I don't like. Leave me a message, and if I don't call you back, it's you
Wednesday night in Oklahoma City, we'll find out if one West Semifinal series has any intention of going longer than five games.
wishes this rabbit hole was a whole lot shorter.
It's only 7 years 18 months 14 days until November 2019. If you haven't watched Blade Runner in 1080p, you should The future, 30 yrs ago.
$1 Miller products 5pm - Close tonight at Bar Louie Water St. and Bar Louie Bayshore
Props to our media pitching pro, Another successful week for her!!
": Success consists of doing the common things of life uncommonly well. - Unknown...."
Best scene: my great grandfather's pet monkey doing tricks and playing with my grandmother's hair.
...just when I'd gotten #zoubisoubisou out of my head.
to provide a collaborative info-work space for #library #archives #museum #preservation pros and build community
Interesting how one could go thru a creative drought for a time & then other times ideas just flow. When it rains it pours, & Im drenched.
Call us now to schedule your very own custom frame appointment. Look and feel great this Summer with a pair of Tom Davies frames
ha good :P lol but how is it in Texas ?
I wish my mom didn't live 1000 miles away...
There is no such thing as a secret.
Glad that you r having a goodtime. Good 2 see U happy.
This is a judgment-free zone.
Packers Vikes in 1 hour, can't wait for Farve to torch the Packers
thanks for entering! For a valid entry, you need to start the tweet with "I want to win" not a :)
2012 will bring a different series…..
SEC changes its <U+0432><U+0402><U+045A>neither admit nor deny<U+0432><U+0402><U+045C> policy for settlements
When it comes to lying to NFL Commish RGoodell, were some players not paying attention about what happened to MVick when he did same to RG?
Heading the inauguration ceremony for Chris Taylor! Woot!
I hope everyone had a fantastic day! See you tomorrow :)
Thanks Shelley! Great to see you yesterday and catch up on your retailing adventures. Love the mobile POS tech. Super cool!
still so much to do - is it May yet?
good stuff. love your interviews with Mac. I look forward to hearing about it on the Mikey Baseball Heller Show later.
ignorant ignorant ignorant.
Couldn't agree with you more! :)
That's not the way the NBA works. Your starting PG runs the show. He shouldn't play terrible with certain offensive players
is that English?
I think all of the LockerSmash community just fell in love at the same time
I think it's best I don't answer that - to protect the monkeys.
So many caps and gowns on the subway this morning! Looks like graduation is upon us. Congratulations, class of 2012!!
One of my worst fears are coming true: I may have to stop drinking coffee. It now makes me very sleepy. Le sigh.
RT In an ideal world no one would talk before 10 am. people would just hug, because waking up is really hard.
took a shower and for some reason i smell like chinese food. i haven't eaten chinese food in days. 2012 is off to a good start.
: runs social media and web design Creative Services. Good friend. Y'all should know each other.
RIP Whitney Houston you will be missed
47 hours till Mad Anthony at Taste of Cincinnati
if you love something, you've got to let it go. But if it come back, then it mean so much more. But if it never does. At least u should know
WEST COAST!!!! YALL BETTER TUNE IN/DVR 20/20!!! I'm just saying!! Thank me later! Fo real! Food for thought!!!! hint hint...al _ _ _!
you got a shoutout from about blogs turning into businesses at the #rtmedia summit
Quiet I'm a professional
Nice!!! I need to hurry down and get mine done!
Heartburn this bad sucks ass!!! Just another thing to add to a day I never wanted to have, I hate fucked up days like this!!
Thank God for having a twitter account, now i can keep up with this weekend's series back home. Go Noles! Get rowdy Animals!!!
If you're not watching Tenn/NC on espn. you should be. unbelievable good game.
i"m like the tazmanian devil cartoon guy, ill rip you a new ass hole..... just kiddin. :D
Tweet about me and let em know bentley a fly nigga that dont give a fuck
The Mayan calendar has been recently revealed to go far beyond 2012. I guess that means I need to choose a career and stuff. Blech.
#drunkestievergot was when I passed out n woke up n there was a #hoodrat in my bed
same up watchin roll bounce.. Lol
I think guys who do weed are weak.. They say they do it to relieve pain and stress? Seriously..
who do u like
I just want to go home and sleep.
Exactly why I fucking despise light skin men
There's so many thing I'd tweet, but it'd probably creep out my followers just cause...
Was wondering about that.. RT : Can capture Blue Screen of Death with Snagit? Gotta see how that works. LOL.
Fuck la weather
Got the house to myself!
We take pride in our bad service and drug paraphernalia left in rooms. You must let our bedbugs suck your sweet blood too1
but with spf 8 I get to reapply more often,, but again,,to protect,,not cop-a-feel
Gotta love the Moose jersey I bought over the winter is too big now.
ok how bout mp3s??
good one!
Damn want to go to this RT : If you've been thinking about visiting Boulder, do it in May for + :-)
Posted the WHOLE STORY of the concert last night in Google+! And my one and only video is uploading to here, but it may take awhile X)
Thanks for being a great resource for awesome info
Congrats......looking forward to my first bottle....
free www.tdmwebacademy.com - - we need everyone to help - Beta test - thx
Working on lots of exciting new biz proposals this week!
Listening to my fav. Plies song screwed....GOONS LURKIN
I don't think you should...Social Media Spring Cleaning is a must.
Carpentry Rule #1: Measure twice, cut once. The station was there first. Truck should have been speced to fit, no?
Live from the #AmericaEast women's lacrosse championship - Albany up 1-0 on Stony Brook in the first half.
Eh, the real girl scouts use palm oil in their cookies. And my troop leader once called me 'leadfoot'
So I was wondering, what is your dream college? I am planning to go to College but have no idea where to. Tell me which ones are your fav.
I'm talking weeks and months old. They show up ahead of more current tweets from accounts already on the list.
Every moment is another chance to pray... for yourself, for others, for the life the Lord wants you to live.
Industrial operating manuals? We write them!
A rare sight in a British chap! :)
Working to refinish a dresser for our baby daughter on the way next month. I guess the nesting instict has kicked in.
Lol why RT : , I don't want to ride this bus. -__-
The most important things in life are your friends, family, health, good humor and a positive attitude towards life - these are everything!
lol im talking about the gay conversation your having with big ray. Dont mention me in that gay shit
yea right now
That sounds like a lot of work.
Going to the ? Say hi to from & ask him about NEH grant opportunities.
shopping for furniture is so much more difficult than shopping for shoes, which is what I'd rather be doing!!!
: Yea! Stuck is so simplistic, but the art and way its told is so engaging and whimsical, for kids and parents.
You got a friend in me! *sings toy story song*
lol good morning(: at least it's friday.
On the coo I think b tryna flirt wit me lol
Come up with a sweet t-shirt design & you never know if it could make you some money. Tends to do that for a lot of folks, like our clients.
It is precisely perfect degrees outside in #nyc right now.
when the product is free, turns out you are the product...
Thanks as always to for the RT, also to , appreciate the mentions!
bawling my eyes out we just got ticketss for july 5th!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! my many many months of begging finally paid off!<3<3<3
anytime... would be great to see you again. We're up to lunch, dinner, drinks...let us know when you have some time.
cant wait to see your perfomance this sunday!! I bet it's gonna be epic. Like everything you do. ;]
Associated Press reporting Michele Bachmann's campaign manager could drop out of race after tonight.
cant cops outside idc though I'm calm everyone rose is tripping balls.
I must be wearing a cape today....cause I made it from Bushwick to Rockefeller Center in less than 40 minutes...
me too. Real good.
Chips at 27000 from 30000, gonna be a long tourney, not an easy table
sorry we'll miss you!
RT : Governors! After , of course! RT What else does Jersey lead in? Top 5 will get RT from me.
aren't you supposed to be sleeping?
How about those Chiefs??? Next up is a Niners win...
ML!! Heard things are good w/ you. Hope it's all true and you're doing well. Miss u over here!
Yaaay G-men! NYC will be party central for the next few days : ).
Take advantage of tonight's special: manicotti, garlic bread, salad, & sm drink for just $7+tax!
NEVER give up!
Thank you, Howie! A fantastic job by Mark Rosenberg () and Kristen Deahl ()!
#imagine Zayn: can you feel the love tonight ? you: maybe. Zayn: maybe ? *rolls ontop of you* let's make you feel it *licks your lip*
in da midst of ur battles feel all hope is gone & ur heart is cryin in da middle of a smile its just ur frail mind playin tricks on u.
The new quarter starts this week and I'm a bit overwhelmed.
i forgot today was friday omfg i'm so happy
I'm not a crafter or baker or any of that stuff. I'm pretty tomboy, but I still respect people who do things differently.
Getting through this work week then heading home for a relaxing weekend with the entire family
All international job postings - FREE. USA job ads only $25.00. No registration required for candidates, only view and apply!
you clever son of a Susie! or shall I say, the most interesting man in the world?
LPA's 2nd floor reading room serves as the background in an episode of Law and Order Special Victims Unit, airing May 10th at 10pm on...
hell ya!!!
:) Congrats on ur #HCG #weightloss so far! RT Well due to #HCG it's its drastic results, I'VE LOST 12.5 pounds! So thankful!
I would have thought my server loss was an April Fools Joke but if it was, it started awfully early...
make that this week and I will agree!
iBooks is just as good (prob better). Can't beat having all your books in one place.
you should come here.,shit is getting awkward lol
good point
i loved your article on #thenetworker blog about having thick skin!
I dunno why I just don't like anybody 2day...
I think we could totally quote that whole movie, no?
Excuse me... But why am I here?
Way 2 go.. watching CSI.:-)
PLEASE FOLLOW ME :)
“ TONIGHT'S MEDITATION: A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a workstation.”
Lmao! Ok you win
Thank God for a safe day of riding
Yesterday it snowed on my way home, Stevies Stumper is half hour away, win $20 gift card from Cherry Ave Grill on Generations 1023 978-1023
yes go! That's where we are going!
Gonna see you gents in or around the game tonight?
the Melo grapes cant be that sour for a fugazy DEN fan can they? Did Melo not make the playoffs every single year in DEN?
I voted to send my friend Xavier Silas to the 2012 NBA D-League All-Star Game. on.nba.com/zYiJHr Vote for Xavier Silas
Tomorrow at the New Deal Cafe, with the whole crew and Mary Alouette.
#ICONicBoyz We Want To See Youz
We'll be bringing valentines to our amazing #wiunion legislators tonight for their special session at 12:01!
#fridayreads Evenson's The Open Curtain, Delany's Times Sq Red Times Sq Blue, and Elizabeth David's French Provincial Cooking!
Agree. Blackmon for Bradford + RT : If I'm a Rams fan, I'm ecstatic over this trade.
This is great! I'm tired of looking for something and seeing the same 20 apps no matter what I search for.
We're heading to Ivy Tech Morgan St... Along with all your favorites , Pecan Pie will be the headliner! 11:30-1
ha thanks snookummsss !:)
....and chicken
Looking for a move up on $SNSS, I have feature article on that one coming out soon
Oh and by the way Margie fruit cake, tell your family to stay off of Play it City, or you'll find yourselves in court! sicko
If single people could get their minds around Godly Sex we wouldnt need conversations about one night stands or abortion.
LIfe after caregiving for seven years. Good god what a roller coaster. Hope this makes me a better person AND a better actor.
yeah it looks good have a good nite big/little brother Almightee : )
Only two more times I ever have to be in this class.
u a mess lol
#astd2012 Seems appropriate to tweet during a session about Social Media
Q4 You can learn a lot from another non-profit - especially how to run a good volunteer program.
I'll be listening.
um idk I might ma said she will drop me off if I decide to go
happened earlier when the Tigers scored on a SF. I thought runner was on 2nd, but he was on 3rd.
me too
Same here, in 3/3 leagues.
Envy on the coast all night long
fullmetal was great now time for DURARARA!! on
RT : It's official! We have a new text line! Text "ToTC" [your question here] to 66746. We'll get back to you within 24 hours!
Guys its so amaizing
There's a wifi signal in the Rainy auditorium at the Met
And I, I'll die here These doors are closing and I'm screaming, she won't here me She can't help me
I need 3 strikes for my team to win this game. Can I do it?
it was a better tweet the first time lol
dev of CC here - Edmodo is a social version of blackboard, ClassConnect is a tool that makes building lessons easy :)
Thank you Ron!
its time to get up in the morninnnnnnnnnggggg.
Okay, that was just bad. Playing "Take me out to the ballgame" while killing zombies with a bat. #CHEESE! (and not in a good way).
I am who I am and I take pride in what I do and offer Sham on those who have no personality and think they can make it by copying.
Hey ! Looking forward to talking about food in #IdeasChat today! See you in 30 minutes.
Call Of Duty
I wonder why ppl come up with so many excuses?
Now would be a good time to low ball crazy zack greinke. Yikes!
New Nature Research Center in Raleigh is awesome. Also awesomely crowded. Will come back in a few weeks!
Andrew Cyrille sounded amazing in Bill McHenry's band at the Village Vanguard last night!
oh... i'm sorry babe :/ how'd you go crazy?
hey shannon your veru pretty(my friend doesn't think you are because I think you have a better chance with roc than her)random
do you push contacts to ?
HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY I love you
thanks for the follow! Look forward to your tweets :)
What color?
Now at 2012 followers the same number as the year of the SquE-Z!
Why are you not eating Classic Slice right now? Love yourself. Get some pizza! Bay View 238-2406 North Ave 270-1880
: so cool to meet you tonight but now I can't find a seat at all... Nashville packed the house for
"hello?" haha i love you too!
I did 10 brackets this year. 6 are already blown up. I am awesome. Sigh.
Why is my bestfriend/sister from another Mr. so freakin cute!?
Random statement by Count Fagula: "On ward HOooooo"
Most definitely! Good for you! “: Standing next to Brad and Angelina while they were being ushered in. Once in a lifetime.”
how come you werent on the show yesterday?
checking you out right now dude !
i wanna watch 30 minutes or less right now!!
Liar so it was true!
I always wanted to start a book club.
Cooking up a meal for my love! <3
RT : Dont trust too much. Dont love too much. Dont hope too much, because that too much can hurt you so much.
see what a little mention can do? thx for the follow looking forward to #sdcc with you!
Happy Friday! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Best of luck at the bloggers conference with all the fab designer who's who! Can't wait to hear the details- Shine on!
7 hours on a saturday = no bueno!
Snacking on Kellogg's Krave cereal this morning. Feels like I'm eating (healthier) koala yummies for breakfast. I strongly recommend this.
C-SPAN recently launched a series airing Friday nights that profiles 14 presidential contenders that lost, but still had a great deal of
I don't think I had a choice! At least she's not nagging me to call her in all caps on my page like she is w my sis :)
follow back please? (p.s i love you profile pic :D)
You see Joey Barton's red card? Straight idiot
I'd hashtag that with #humblebrag but I'm really bad at humility.
gluten free is the way to be <U+E404>
Not following ? Why not? He's a good dude! Let's get him to 40,000 followers! CEO of Shop today!!!
Oh it's on Youtube. LOL.
Yes, phone, you should save the word "Qdoba." I will be using it a lot.
dress snuggled up if you are heading to the #LAMarathon Expo today! Lots of great vendors, displays, booths, & goodies! Come down!
went up to Rollinsville and Fourth of July trail head today...lots of good pics, may inspire my quilt pattern for David Taylor class
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>RT : #WhyIsSBKLive missing? I'm missing you
Thanks for the tweet man!
Colts: How do you pass up on the QB who has the most NCAA yards & TD's and the QB with most NCAA Wins for a Northern Illinois QB? DUMB!
“: Warped tour is creepin up! Less than a month! Who's excited?” JUNE 25TH!!!!! xD
Good luck to all the bands playing tonight, be sure to vote for our friends in chordata.
I wouldn't mind bending her over a barrel and showing her the fifty states. Hahaha
its mushy
sure i do! .... Stuck in colder weather.....
Apparently your knowledge of 80s pop music is also pretty thin.
let's make these movie dates happen!
omg I haven't heard from you in forever -.- <|3
go to - they have the best liege waffles I've had in US!
Yes! Relearn everything your 9th grade English teacher taught you.
#erl12 the BoM is extensible for ebooks, articles, chapters, etc
Did you know that as a CCIM member you receive 15% off of our reports? Try it! www.ccimredex.com
being the only brat is nice :D
I'm just a little hoarse.
"Flaming Young" cc:
Reif: " [dems] would rather bog down the Senate by abusing a rule that was intended to encourage bipartisan cooperation."
Pricing for tonight's program: RSVP in advance-free for Ad2/AdClub members, $5 for Non-members. ($5 more for each if u register at the door)
This week, we'll ruminate on the joy of creation. "Creativity makes a leap, then looks to see where it is." (Mason Cooley)
I saw it Saturday and am encouraging everyone I know to see it too. I LOVED IT!!!!!!!
Congrats Supreme Burrito Champ 2012!
Just got our blank snapbacks in , about to work on this order for !
Finally arrived in new jerseeeeyyy
RT : My 14 year old daughter is running in the for Please help her reach her goal.
I hope Doc announces the eastern conf. finals. I didn't like the guys that did the #PhiNJD series
Been a great bday just relaxing now ! I ate so much today lol !!
LMNS: FASHION MEETS NATURAL HAIR: Chick is killin it in the tux. SO FAB.
Sad day at school. :(
When you're driving and Nicki Minaj is on all 3 radio stations at the exact same time, there's nothing left to do except crash your car.
Great to meet you at #ahaa2012 opening reception. Enjoy Miami!
I want Jeffrey Dahmer plugs.
i recorded it on my phone.
i hope it kills. looking forward to hearing it all.
thanks for the RT
Live-tweeting drinks with , &
#travelhint Don't eat 'wind field salad' day b4 air travel if u r not used to its fiberous nature, nough said bout that. LOL
Reading is like eating. Whenever I finish a great story, I tend to sigh and then have an urge to go for a walk.
finally back. 31 hours.
I'm glad is a worse driver than me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
"Give me one reason to stay here, and ill turn right back around"
I am!! If I don't ramble on a tangent in weird vocal tones then I am obviously being forced to call by kidnappers
Watching this live field day streaming thing... Not sure I understand anything the seniors are saying.
Q: When is your birthday? March 18th
Haha I'll definitely let you know!
's what did fig shoot?
hahahaha no I'm good ill just give Shelby more ketchup (;
What happened? Are they not racin' in Bristol today!!!!!!!
Thanks Kyra! With a belief in the great and a lot of blood, sweat, and tears, art is always possible.
Home Alone... wait...
enjoy the ride
Also, my Internet activity is far more like a millenial's than Gen X.
Hungry 4 More Mondays! Get it in!!!
What?! and on the same show? They'll be talking about failure this Sunday, 9pm EST on
What does your gut say re: Shaq and Armstead?
We are still having problems with Google +1 working with the plugin for Wordpress. Anyone else?
Diaries of a Traveling Landman....walking out of the courthouse to 5 tv cameras!! Hello! Smile!
Hey, how are you. Hope you've had a good day :) Oh, Robin Diaz asked me to say Hi :P<3<3<3<3<3
Wonderful VMA fashion show and after party last night. Thanks David Harrison Levi for your dedication in hosting a breast cancer event.
wins 1st place @ #txapme no surprise. Congrats!
i miss DC like crazy. have fun
Pubmed for example. They send info correctly with their xml, but not with other formats.
love you! Did you have a crazy week!!?!?!?
my phone acts like its okay not to vibrate
Wow...apparently..it...really is possible...to get a bruise from running :p oww..today..was awkward :/ im sorry...
Let's go reds!!
Ive sky+d the VMAs , but not that bothered - Americans - meh !
heard this girl say I am married to a fat lazy f_ck and he never wants me. I can help you bring back the romance Get #PureRomance through me
My friend asked me today, who's my favorite female #model ? And I said duh! Thought you knew(:
RT : #WOMMA Webinar: PRSA recommends "Clear and Conspicuous" standard; companies to be transparent in ALL communications
I haven't shaved my vagina in a while
#stateofgeorgia is our home
yep, I did email them, just because I really like their stuff, but I think in most cases, I would get turned off and not come back
wat ya on jo
This I'm going to do in my west test - TRI - ? -wow Be #prepared kids ._. :)
what storm?
I feel like you're favoriting mahomies :'(
I wubb you guys.!
How disappointing. :(
I hope you told him fftl
See you guys soon...
long day! next week will be very busy. We've got fireworks, Spam, singers and more!
Jeff B. from Hernando, MS must be so ashamed of his shitty skunk joke on my Laffy Taffy wrapper.
Correct answer is unavailable -- financial services firms and banks (and the pols who carry their H2O) first and foremost.
so awesome! Enjoy yourself and have a wonderful time.
Thanks for the update. For some strange reason I thought it was a road trip
shmeeeaaa! Where are you?!
Saturday night is all right!
lmao I seen helllly when I came up to yr job!
That fucking mother fucking moment when you tell your driver which way is fastest, and he disagrees, making you late!!!
ah whatever man say what u wanna say I aint gonna abuse u no more
God has perfect timing; never early, never late. It takes a little patience and it takes a lot of faith but it's worth the wait.
so.... some schools are delayed or canceled because of the rain? Did I miss something?
jealous! Wish I was home, next time count me in :)
We're playing tonight at 11 with Teen Police. They're really excited they get to play with us.
I hope everyone had a happy Earth Day
how were the browns when jim was giving advise oh and how were his wifes bruises booms your the worst
Where do u live? Alicia told me near asen!
Im in my therapy group now (AKA the Digital Dissertation Session) #THATCampVa Good times.
fuck with me now n they wont tease you about being late when im on
live it up. i know im finna bout to.
Replay to watch the crew and do work
The only way I could possibly care LESS about the Super Bowl is by undergoing a give-a-shit-ectomy and have my caring surgically removed.
trying to find the game on CSN in San Jose. But I only get A's and W's where else can it be?
what's going on tonight?
Coming up.... interviews with Frank Marino and Chris Squire!
You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have. (Maya Angelou)
What travel teams do they play for?
Awww, all good things come to an end.
That's exactly how I feel, exhausted. I'm trying hard to pick my battles these days, it's rough.
did you ever get that multi-pin figured out?
GO GIANTS!!!!! crushing bones into soup long before patriotism won anybody anything as silly as life
Lmfao I'm cooler than her
finally! *jumps for joy*
Why do we teach American history without world history and world history without American history? Tom Bender explains in our new podcas ...
He wanted her to buy him some shoes.
oh.. first time I've been at #5MinuteFiction in WEEKS! Felt god. Good luck everyone!!
You are welcome! Have a great weekend.
I blink and 2 hours have passed... What am I doing with my life?
Thanks for the constant updates! Congrats family!
If your not following & no point of having a twitter <3 Biggest Fan
Happy Friday! Should've woke up in #NYC but my body failed me #sickness...here's to recovering and working all weekend!
#OutoftheLoop There are certain 'fertilizers' that we all have that keep prejudices alive. It makes us feel better.
i know you will haave a master piece on that canvas soon!!!
My husband doesn't even skim. Everybody is different - shouldn't generalize like that.
Lorena is here with the babies they are soo cute and big :)
exactly! If you can't say something to him by now, you need help lol
RT : If we allow capital punishment as a nation we all have blood on our hands.
Love, love, love - all the wretched cant of it, masking egotism, lust, masochism, fantasy under a mythology of sentimental postures.
heading to the gym.
: It's getting warmer during the day, don't leave your canine companion out in the heat! Bring them into camp to play in our Doggie Pools!
I'm teaching acting class tonite @ GJC Talent then off to Chicago early AM to film "Motel Hell"...
Hey there, (CCEAdvising), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
o which session were you at? Would love to hear about the altlookup solution
You shouldn't. The rejection email has nothing to do with BEA Bloggers. It has to do with BEA Press Pass Applications.
thanks brother!
enjoy it while it lasts, m'dear!
The hg movie comes out this year
I love how the car just died at a stop sign... Cute
I have plenty of good moods, just not when you're around.
I know one thing for sure, God knows best and has a plan and purpose for it all!
ADMONISHER - INNER CRY
remind me 2marrow
Stop by Wine Styles 7 Bridges... They r now serving Cassagnoles Cotes de Gascogne. Perfect summer #wine!
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!!!!! <U+E033><U+E112><U+E448>
hey sexy, you doing good, saw you're pix on Ur profile, hot bro, Fucking hot
I am repeatedly baffled about the world when I listen to Eminem's lyrics in Nicki Minaj's "Roman's Revenge." How did we get here?
urban outfitters
Sunday dinner.... and "24" S02E18.... I really don't trust that new nosey chick at CTU. And I thought "Tony" was nosey...
Hey wat new
Dont follow the crowd follow your passion and you will earn both pride and profit a winning combination - Paul Godines
We love Kansas City! Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return! Thanks Kansas City!
Always preferable to a not-hot mess.
#OneThingYouShouldntDo Drink water from the sink in oswego, IL. ugh
my hero
Probably though the crowd downtown....we dont have to shoot it all in 1 weekend...I just want some footage from the crowd...
; thanks again. (:
RT harness this great force of nature that rides wild horses w/in you & experience a higher level of achievement than ever b4.
you up for a roadtrip to see the Xfactor auditions in June? lol
Hit me up man. Weez dropn voats... Studio or crashed???
Cristina, Hunt, Mark and Lexi need to get their shit together.
Love is about sacrifices ik some time it can be hard in a relationship that got its up & down but if ur love isstrongenoughitwillgetuthrough
oh i didnt want to leave until you fave me a forsure on me drumming for you
get in touch with :)
it was cool texting you while it lasted
The new King_Tex mix tape is fire from track 1 to 13!
Oh I already know what I'm writing. :) Just a question of how many words...
hey Deign! No Problem =) hope you have a great day!
Want more young professionals to understand voting issues?make the platforms interactive so they can customize, stream, and curate content.
Josh Johnson? No problem. Anthony Bass? 2-hit shutout.
The courtroom feels like an icebox!
#IThankGod for everything. Without Him I am nothing.
wow! Groupon + all those free margaritas!
To share the good in life. Everyone is a friend on some level. How do we make new connections unless we connect?
It's already the state fair! Where does the time go?
hahaha, well good
thanks for the RT/mention!
Seriously!! Fitting into clothes that were too tight. Is really rockin' my morning!!
BOYS:If you call a girl fat, shes gonna spend the rest of her life starving herself #Words Hurt
Thank you! The facts may surprise us, but they confirm that our presumptions are often off-base.
Thanks. I needed that today.
Exchange student is here and not talking
Great day of watchin Jacob ride today. Thanks as always for Patrick and the crew keepin the track nice and safe for everyone.
The closer you are to a Major League city the more ridiculous it is. I can't stand most guys who get autographs.
great idea!
can someone verify it is not April Fools Day?
"Every Christian should be both conservative & radical; conservative in preserving the faith & radical in applying it" John Stott, 1921-2011
Hey there, mall rat! Who said you could out me?
Fuckn wit this ace hood all day
Its hot as hell out side...it feel so good
HAPPENING NOW: The New Way to Manage Content Across Platforms: Monitor Audience Behavior in the Wlider room (4th floor)
what up rylie hey remember about your CURLING IRON !
#TextMessagesFromAStalker I see you o.O
Sweet! So I could bring them to Petit Branch or Hinds Hall?
Anyone downloaded Jan NPI file from ? Extracted data file is 6 PB which has to be an error but too big too extract.
my job is a pain. "/
This week has been an amazing week and it's only about to get better with 4 shows this weekend.
As a former student I strongly suggest you go. He is afterall a Martial Arts Grandmaster.
Today is a "I-need-a-cup-of-coffee-every-class" kind of day.
I'd rather be at school than this life gaurd training.
you gonna be able to make it on time?
Any auditions coming in soon?! We can't wait!!:)
good morning
why? What happened?
“Music is the wine that fills the cup of silence.” - Robert Fripp ...Cheers to that!
Do the right thing.
Why does it smell like nail polish remover everywhere I go
Cant Wait To See The Wedding..........
Haha. You said "Thanks for following...". So we said "Thanks for being awesome."
AND YOUTUBE: J NOTEZ - RIDE WITH ME
Have you looked at Cerner at all? They are hiring like crazy and prob have some intl travel positions open.
TGIF!!! I still need to finish christmas shopping :( But that's why gift cards were invented!
lmao ha that's
I'd be more pissed if I though Ish would have done something to a 3-1 meatball
A 3 mi run and some yin yoga today in preparation for #Cbusmarathon (the half!)
high intensity while exercising will drive up cortisol. carbs bring the cortisol back down
Insurers Shift Cost Burdens to Homeowners (Home Insurance)
Salute the homie !!!
No! Is that on Netflix?
Hope I can sleep, I'm so pumped about church tomorrow!
definately got an account just for you and have no idea how to use it. haha can't wait to see you in VA in november!(:
Note to self: Catch your breath and enjoy the day. Rest is part of work.
I didn't even get ferreal any pictures. Lolo everybody else it al of them. Haha
lol yup, or like voodoo dolls. ill see ya this summmerrrrrr :)
I'm back
I am.
cancelled my order w/ bought a comparable fridge from for almost $100 less AND got free delivery on WEEKEND
Happy Fourth to you Ms. Oneal...hope you had a nice weekend : )
My baby girl made it to the next level in gymnastics! Emma, mommy is proud of you and your hard work these past few months.
Just reserved tickets for #sevenmilemiracle Sunday at 9am!
Dan Warn CPO, BCBS of RI intros "performance / potential" 9-box to 150 Procurement heads at #CPO2011 - re: importance of TM on Procurement!
Super bowl has jumped the shark. Asking the question if Tom Brady is overrated. Really
"Being a full-time mother is one of the highest salaried jobs... since the payment is pure love." ~Mildred B. Vermont
Harry! :D
How are you? Wish me luck fighting Saturday
Style Scene: mystyle Checks Into the Hello Kitty Suite! They say nothing is certain in life but death and taxes. We 'd like to add one mo
and you can't have one until next march!! isn't is crazy how they get us hooked?!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 32
Tomorrow I'm going to wear a magic cape to my office.
love that your middle name is "Starr"
Sometimes they deseve it.:)
I'm going to be anxiously awaiting the arrival of the mail everyday this week until 's Trespassing shows up!
Alright alright, the bar that I'm sitting near is blasting top 40 hits from 10 years ago.. A few years better than 90's..
Seeing Eye Online Auction Dinner with Betty White, Yankee’s tickets, exotic vacations and much more are being auctioned off to support
Fuck coughing all the time.
btw, who ever knew jheri curl was spelled that way?
Happy Black History Month!
Thanks for following us ! We're excited share photos, stories and updates from our kids!
I'm sure you told it, "I'd love to move if I could"! :)
All sales get taxed. Just how it is.
ha ha thank you but no way. I'm going to go look online :)
#Pittsburgh #Yoga Flow Yoga (Level 1/2) tonight, 7:15pm at Yoga on the Square! www.yogaonthesquare.net
Bros in line talking about which protein shake diet is best / If I were your workout spotter / I would drop the weights on you.
I fear that the #celtics are going to make it necessary for me to pay attention to the
happy friday everyone!
- Is the U.S. feeling the effects of a la Niña? I'm trying to understand the pattern of this unusual warmth in STL this year.
Why don't we make excuses for poor kids in athletics? Only in academics.
thanks for the RT!
It's a big Chicken or the Egg thing. Would Mark have bought Crew if Miler Park didnt exist? Probably not. New arena is start
Hi guys
My first PR boss just found me on Twitter! Nice to hear from you Roxanne!
all the way. Bought VIP just to meet him. =)
Colorado - Happy Friday!
come get a pair of Guie #fairtrade #handmade #shoes now 20% off every pair is unique
how much is too much #cardio? IF you workout like a beast and your weight stays the same but your stamina and strength get better....?
thanks for the wwe codes
we will skype in an hour lol
The wife? YUP THE WIFE, they just hoes & she the WIFE
please follow and let her know that i sent yuuuuuuu thanks girl
lol okay... But that wouldn't be completely terrible. Except for the fact that everyone could see! Lol! Kay goodnight!
The Situation should have learned kung fu...then maybe he wouldn't feel the need to headbutt a wall.
Kicken it old school
You get a +10 - Great to see you again
Previews starting, crowd cheering.
I always thought Chris Birdman was lil suspect he looked like a old drunk anyway.
thank you thank you thank you thank you
The great friends that I grew so fond of are just memories to me now.
re: Once. Funny that's how we used to threaten people with physical violence in Johannesburg too.
I love being at my parents house!!
Yikes!!! I'm exhausted!!! Have a goodnight;)
Totally ment to call my dad yesterday and today! Awh crap. Ill do it tomorrow.
I need some new tracks
so the question is, how much discount from that baseline should this person eat for the privilege of working for the public.
nah went old school on em this morning
No Strings Attached
Mr.Know it all, so you think you know me better than me! well i got news for you! you dont. u should know i lead not follow
yea I literally caught the end of the game Phila has talent they just have to close
Welcome back to Twitter (and thanks for following)
The Event Coordinator is the 6th most stressful job of 2012 after airline pilot, firefighter and policeman.
The only good thing about the University Mall is the Japanese smoothie place.
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.
This Church scene is intense. What a nightmare
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger Stand a little taller
You know it!! I miss you “: Damn, D....can I get on that tab next time I'm there?”
I cant make ou love me if you dont..
in the studio late tonight.if ya got da cell hit meh up..nd oh im blowing down a kush blunt for all my nigga dat aint here to burn wit meh.
Be careful in this rain San Diego!
First day of school! Our students are back & ready to learn. Great to see them & our volunteer tutors. Let the learning begin!
man i just came from a festival bored af tho ..
Tina Fey on the podcast!?! Ah!
Life is full of fake people, before you decide to judge them, make sure you are not one of them.
Clearly I haven't done as much real research as I thought I had: Just battled with microfilm for over 2 hours for 3 measly articles..ugh.
#InMiddleSchool iPods weren't a problem when you found them since it wasn't able to be tracked
I'm at the Caribou Coffee on Hennepin in Uptown if anyone wants to join me for some coffee.
RT As much as 20 percent of your heating and AC costs can be lost through the ductwork. Are your ducts properly...
The woods are lovely, dark and deep. But I have miles to go...
Let me know why Justin Bieber is there holding mayweather stuff STUPID!!!
Younger Boomers Short on Travel Time and Money
U already know just give me the word!!
looking to set up a weekend tour in august
the Trojan condemn costume gets a big *side eye
No obligation, just interested :)
RT : It's not just higher ed... Industry may have more $$ to throw at SM than higher ed, but it's still in infancy everywhere
did you eat alot
We really enjoy looking at the history and evolution in music.
good people will always be in demand, reputation is everything and I treasure mine above all else!
the one that was on good morning america yesterday
bring your bball shoes for after!
NGL Dreads If They Lookin Right It Could Be A #TurnOn Butt its Depends ^.^
why is your AVI so cute ?? are you tryna kill me or what ??? lmfaoo I LOVE YOU that's what i wanted to say!! <3 we tilting 2geda
yeah, I'm with you. Good, what time is good for you?
Excellent. I will even let you pick where you would like to go
Trying to add the Germans on Facebook
It's a wonderful day in District 8! Out talking with voters hearing their concerns for our neighborhoods.
lol I know you always cried with my ass and oh yea he's coming home next year if he stay good and you would get to meet him!
Thanks so much Lisa!
A must see, but as always, not for everyone:)
hi Jenn. Doing good thnx.u? I'm starting a big new job 2day. Hope u are well!!! Love & hugs to u.
My coach loves me.....and that will never happen you meanie butt. But I guess I love you too
Then this little person tried to talk to me one time, so.
Congrats to and who had their baby, Danielle Grace, late last night!
An hour would be a lifetime.
The kid in me loves gigs where I get to use a FBI style radio with an earpiece.
Venice I arrive in 5 days so please have the coffee, pastries, & art all ready or I WILL demand a refund on my toilet pass from the commune
Hey please play new single "Old School"
Real-time google analytics = awesomeness. Bye bye
I wish could be on your concert :(
is that ur hello kitty tatt?
First time buyers had 600 Credit Score. Loan Approved.
killa cam in the library oh my god omg
thank u 4 following me ;)
burnin' up burnin' up show em what you got babe you got it baby let it show just turn it up, turn it up let me know whats up.
RT : Careful what you say, folks! This is frightening. "British pair arrested in U.S. on terror charges over Twitter...
#sevendeadlysins get sinful
Very nice fridge picture
Perfect thing for my sick day. Thanks!
You like MMOs which ones do you play. I used to play Ultima Online, I was a tamer.
thanks boo...
GOING TO SEE STARKID OH
serious traffic on Wisconsin Ave north of M st due to construction
where the bud at Skinny!
could u play something by black veil brides ??? U won't be disappointed :) pretty please ? <U+E328><U+E32D><U+E32B>
Remember how we could talk for hours? Now we can barely look at each other
What a beautiful day!!
Alright I will let you enjoy the rest of your evening
I often feel the battle for balanced productivity is akin to doing suicide sprints across a gym all day.
what do you think of the new #google search page?
Good lesson for the day. I'm off to stock up on aprons
"Everywhere, it seems, in almost every discipline, old certainties are being fundamentally challenged" REIMPOSE THEM, NIALL!
Had a dream about lastnight, he made me clean up lol. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
We've mailed 1,000 scarves to our rescuers. Visit our Facebook page to see photos of our rescuers wearing their new scarves.
Just got a shitload of followers, and they're all fucking eggs, hahha!
hell ya finished ONE paper .. why do i have a whole nother paper to do tomorrow
I do not understand you at all. Also how's Whales? :)
Er, that holds for the Friday as well. I think. I'm vague on relatives' travel dates. But either way.
Wow the Ohio turnpike has a lot more rest stops than any hwy in Illionois & they're nice! To They have souvenir penny machines!
Stop at the liquor store and get a six pack after work.
Just signed up! I haven't used the Green Cream in a while, so I am looking forward to trying this new product.
YES, I have a lay in tomorrow, be jealous!
i checked it out, pretty neat stuff. Whats your email.. cheers ~ Dawn @ White Crow
Be Safe Ya'll =]
For some of the best upcoming bands follow :D
RT : If you are going to put text into your Powerpoint, it should be big and red - kudos, Trevor Owens
In these uncertain times it is more than smart to develope multiple streams of income.
I can't get a thank u...
I clearly follow too many Radiohead fans
Since some tweeple like to quote the oldies, I'm thinking of reissuing Bartlett's Quotations as Bartlett's Tweets in a 140 character mode
no, this time my whole stick becomes unrecognized by the system. :(
The stars are sparkling clear and bright. The breeze blowing a refreshing stillness over my soul. My heart is at peace.
that one is entitled "The Screamer"
“: Yum! How's that '07 tasting? RT : #WineWednesday with 07 Cabernet.” It was fantastic! Got more
you cant win them all.... Except if you're me in corn hole.
Learning twitter lessons RT Arguing on twitter is like taking your time and setting it on fire.
Join my team today. We waging a war against weight. You can lose weight and earn a substantial income.
t minus 3 days.
#saturdaylibrarian and I'm clinging to my coffee like a flotation device.
lol. Better get on that wait list!
Well the weather outside is weather. Rise and grind people!
That's still lunch or dinner.
Very nice. Suppose I could have just messaged John. Nice to see it'll still be happening.
or something for sure!
wish-list rather than predictions? My guess: Obama wins unless Christie is VP pick, Reps tie or win Senate by 1 n keep house by 5
My pleasure. Good stuff. In DC. Actually, not as nice here as in Mass. But headed home so will catch some of it.
Can you say bubble? RT Remember this day. 551-day-old Instagram is worth $1 billion. 116-year-old New York Times Co.: $967 million
HEADLESS GUNS featuring members of GROOVESECT and Casey Robinson performing this thursday at Liuzza's by the track 7pm
He's already been warned. With a look.
Follow orphan works symposium today at
Some people have no business wearing open toe shoes
I am accepted to rent the house. Signing the lease!!!!
Thanks! Have a really good week!
nope. and probably won't for a couple of months.
Is the game still on? Thunder's moving in...
Bout to take a nice nap! Lol im so sleepy
Tired of ppls bs
Beyond DNA: Epigenetics: The implications of this for human health are very wide-ranging, as we will see from the case studies we are...
People and their unnecessary drama...
are we going to see a wedding?
Everyone please go follow he will #FollowBack 4
#Dogs need both physical and psychological stimulation on a regular basis in order to be balanced
I never thought I'd find someone to be mine Lord knows I was right cuz you just crossed the line.
My eyes are getting watery. You're such a nice friend to Austin. Anybody would be lucky to have you as a friend.<U+2764>
can I say that I love this very very much
"When you believe in something with every fabric of your being, Fight like hell for it." Inspiration from a fave of mine
Dude looks totally lost at the plate
: Follow me 4 free!
It's not what u do that determines what u believe, it is what u believe that determines what u do, what do your actions show u believe in?
Awesome demo from #songza at the #nytm tonight. Hilariously categorized, curated playlists are just what I need.
Sunday roast at the quuen vic. 10% discount for locals
holy crap. I love dat.
Answers In Motion is Thrilled to have Talicor representing Thumball products at #toyfair in NYC visit Booth
2011 is going to be a year of discovery, wonder, hard work and infinite invitations for celebration...what are you planning??
“: Fuck you! . Must be nice! I'm switchin to hosting. It has it's ups and downs. Just more ups
u are a dime piece boo
Unforgettable better be renewed.
right dat piff was a terrible site 5 years ago
Happy Valentine's Day to everyone! Do you have any plans for that special someone today? If so, what are they?
“: good Jus finishing up the semester, before vacation starts”oh ok, going anywhere while classes r out
The next issue of Leesburg Magazine comes out this week! Send an email to if you'd like to receive the announcement.
Cause I'm real, the way you smile, the way you smell, it drives me wild <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Just got back from Italy! and I can't wait to go back! :)
Today I got long sideburns in the memory of Elvis Presley and
lets be besties.
I smell a Romney Cain GOP ticket brewing. What do you think???
is never at lunch on time -.-
My Hawaiian wedding countdown continues...3 days left until I'm Mrs. Christopher Darnyl Lemon! We're leaving Dallas, TX for Maui, HI today!
At the end of 3 quarters, the score remains 17-3 Destroyers
let me know when you are ready for an upgrade. 2 Young Studs Moving can move you into your new digs anywhere in CT or MA.
Finished a food photo shoot! Photos turned out great and the food tasted amazing!
Win a McFlurry from FOX6 and McDonald's! Just tell us what you think of the 70 degree weather. Email with your answer.
Learn about baseball. Reds have been mentioned for 2017. Perhaps you should follow baseball.
maybe you're psychic?
how the heck did I lose 20 followers in a matter of a couple hours?????? Weird.
Yeah! I saw them at Summerfest couple years ago. Didn't really like many songs on 1st album, but this whole thing is good.
Hahaha! I would be pissed if I am spending $800 a night and get a bathroom in a glass box!
Great kids concert next weekend in Bellevue, Red Grammer: Great deal too! www.redgrammerbellevue.com.
then well go next weekend
No way around it, the Cowboys are awful! Jerry, sell the team to an owner who cares!
patientview doesn't work on windows 7... is that a legacy product?
Some interesting uses for tile in the bath include shower benches, soap niches and tub surrounds.
JERSEY SHORE 30 minutes!!((:
New Cash Clown "Racks N Bands Ft Cap1
Just had the coolest karaoke birthday party & the pictures to prove it. (pix coming tomorrow - super tired) tx all!
Nope. It can be pretty gnarly!
first Christopher gets the flu, now mommy is sick...I hope nurse Kendra is not next on the list.
Huh. Mail in OS X Lion stopped finding certain things until I navigated to them manually. Rebuilding...
Thanks for the RT!
You? No sir! Someone else who is a grumpy badge-r. Can also be found at SXSW. Thank you for the kind words!
Alright new survey for you guys today! We're getting to know a lot about you and we love it. Hopefully you are learning a lot about us too!
Project Prom was a success - many young women will look smashing at their high school prom! Remember to donate for next year!
I saw a rough a few days ago, I'll send u a link once ready. We should shoot some w ur Epic #reeltalk (Pun intended)
Knoledge and courage . These are the elements of greatness. because they are immortal they bestow immortality, virtualvideo.info
At O'Shea's, find a bartender named Al. Tell him hello for me. He made my last trip by being so fucking awesome.
amazing! How are you feeling?
Shurna is cold blooded. No doubt.
the Tank express boiler is red hot, full throttle, everybody hop in!!!
Enjoy refreshing graphic with #wirecall results but colors are big prob. Barrett bolder than others + issues for color blind. Boo.
Had a great day developing some strategic alliance partners... who can I send referrals to next?
RT : Will you be in Payson Friday evening? I'll be at the Spring Rodeo... hope to see you in Rim Country where its cool!
Ray, I know only enuf about the Fed to be dangerous. People I respect say it should have just 1 mandate: price stability. Now has 2.
Merry Christmas Twitter world
the awkward moment when you're reading this and you don't tweet or follow me back :o
how bout a block? your block our block the block
Two union station cops had cones from McDonald's.
now, lets not get carried away with the tweets, you know who i am talking too. yes, you!!!
OH: "I can't wait to pound the celery. I'm gonna eat a whole thing per day. i will then spend over half the day in the toilet"
Yes, do it! Do I get a roll for inspiring you? ;)
It's safe to say Romney is his own worst enemy with Latino voters. Nothing will change that.
Thank you for the tweet, we really appreciate it. We're new and growing fast. Hope you're having a great weekend!
Claire Boucher of and Liz Harris of Grouper should get together and make the music of the gods.
This is such an awesome gesture! Thank you for giving back to the community!
YOU LIE! RT It's happened. Albert Pujols hit a home run.
thank you! Chuck Berry is always timeless!!
okay. when i get home, ill respond to that thing too.
Regular's secret: On Sunday, glasses of wine from bottles opened earlier in the week (and properly sealed/stored, of course) are 1/2 price.
yea his music is good no doubt about that is just isint music that everyone can relate to he rarelly uses metaphors or nothing
An employer is hiring in Decatur,Springfield,& Champaign.Like fixing things? It could be the opportunity for you. Find out more tonight
Family Research Council? If you're a Christian family who denies scientific research findings.
Just did crossfit for the first time in 3 months. Ouch.
Lmfao, he's flawless. <U+2764>
RT: Super tired but motivated. >> I second that!
So true about #chrisbrown. I was taught to forgive, but he's a
We had a father step up to take the role as Vice President.
#Greys Lexie dying with tears running down her face #so sad
Good! Glad you liked them :) RT : Hot dog! That was fast turn-around! These are the best "business" cards ever.
There comes a time when you have to grow up!
It wasn't a very good one just sayin
Can't wait to see perform at house of blues!!
I love L.A. & Vegas, but it's hard to beat Seattle in the summer.
listening to this now. Pretty hilarious.
Guy who created new Chevy MLB commercials should be locked in a room and forced to watch an endless loop of these godawful ads.
Wys tee o love Billie Reed on days too we still watching these dam soaps, lovem
Thanks for coming today! Did you have a favorite book(s) from today?
There is, at most, 15 adults in line for this concert, and the line is around the corner lol
Who of my followers dabble with alginate, silicone or liquid latex? I want to play, but I don't want to spend a lot of money to start.
Thanks for the support... will we be seeing you at the festival? Come share the magic with us un NYC!
You'll always get an idea if you think and dont panic. Norman P Veale
I'm worried that 's obsession with #Splenda is his way of slowly committing #Suicide! :'(
Yes I agree-the more your around it the faster you pick it up.
Awww. Poor you lol. I ko'd after I did ALL my work :/ so accomplished LOL
thanks for the follow, digging the music!
I just finished a 3.21 km run with a time of 19:35 with Nike+ GPS.
a tattoo?
omg. Really?! Wow.
yet you have time for twitter?
lovely!! :) I LOVE peaches!!!
#sprint has to be one of the worst companies for #customerservice that I have ever come across
he does...
johns pizza in Greenwich village, the best
liam payne as a telly tubby? My life is complete thx to your icon. Lmfao.
damn Marie put that blinker on flip the U and come back over
Is it Vanity to look back at one's own tweets & laugh...if so...I have sinned. I think I was in rare form near the end of 2010, check it out
There went the neighborhood!
So the spin is: Paying too much for shit work? Enjoy it! Todd Hundley could still be Cubs catcher! Obama 2012!
Aw I wuvs you too <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
They have been in years past. Heading out now, I'll let you know how this years rank...
nope. Don lived at #70 which was sold & closed this week. (I used to live there too for a summer!)
K sound good. Let's plan it later in the week. They will love each other.
brrrrrr... I am so cold, tired of the cold & rainy weather here in the NW. Really wanting the sunshine and warmer weather! :)
My bad
In the very smallest cot there is room enough for a loving pair. <U+54EA><U+6015><U+662F><U+6700><U+5C0F><U+7684><U+8305><U+820D>,<U+5BF9><U+4E00><U+5BF9><U+604B><U+4EBA><U+6765><U+8BF4><U+90FD><U+6709><U+8DB3><U+591F><U+7684><U+7A7A><U+95F4><U+3002>
Ready for spring break! <U+2600>
New Icon what do u think?
Fights were crazy last night. Our fighter won. and after party was a great turn out. bout to find some food. whats good for today??
(x)Twitter (x) Tumblr (x) Facebook (x) Youtube ( ) Homework.
happy anniversary! Awesome!
CRACKLE VOL CRACKLE DENSIITY CRACKLE DRIVE
Tisk tisk, u gotta wake up early and then you'll be like me!!! :)
Ugh, that means I have at least a few more days to go.
weird weather don't know if its gonna rain or shine
The Heat and LBJ6 never cease to amaze me. How does the #NBA have a MVP that doesn't take the last shot when the game is on the line?
A1: yes, on #pinterest. Use it for personal image ref's for now, but want to start interacting more on it.
Feliz Pascua Hermano, have a great season, really miss seeing you in the pin stripes, God Bless!
and you'll never have to sit in traffic again.
Theaters are like bars.. in the sense that you shouldn't bring your babies to them. cc
Havent been on here in the longest time <3
yea..... were are you from ?
either delete those photos or send them to me thank you! Fuck
it helps in masking a inadequate oline
I've been watching movies in literally every class this week.
How is a bell obedient? It sounds off only when it is told (tolled).
Enjoy the queen city
Off to bed hopefully I will fall asleep and get some good z.
Love u right back! RT I love you guys! RT : thank YOU for making us ur destination in Chicago. Come back soon
Justin Timberlake's voice is sexy... He is one fly white guy.
thanks for the great blog post!
Dawwww, just found a baby bunny
not even close. Consider all the and nicknames.
I like your attitude!
I think they have bigger issues in Egypt than concerning themselves with Soccer's ego.
Concurrent sessions in general have been dynamite. “: Might be remembered as "the year of the dull plenaries"
my English teacher is such a dork lol
Ugh can't sleep
I want to be a boxing judge, but I have 20\20 vision. #whatfightaretheywatching?
Yep...mercury is definitely in retrograde....
JUST GOT A TUMBLR... :O TWEET ME AND ILL TELL U WAT IT IS TUMBLR KINDA SCARES ME I HAVE NO IDEA HOW TO WORK IT LMAO HELP?
people act like the human race is going to stop completely once a few women decide not to get impregnated smh
Before you buy something, always think if you need it, if its worth it & if you'll use it.
Thoughts From A Balcony
do you still have the same number?
both -having a 3way with some infielders.
I always cry at the part in transformers when they pin down bumblebee<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Setting up another mobile site for lawyer. Make sure your law site is mobilized so that people can easily read your content and contact you.
Lunch APPETIZERS - MIXED GREENS shaved radish, peaches, crispy shallots, ginger-vinaigrette
6 more people and I have 800! followers!! I will ask people to follow you if you ask for me hehe :) Happy Friday!
Good morning tweedos!
and Brendan Buehler's network analysis incs me as offspring of and (true, but not them alone!)
hanging out with my neighbor gtg I think I'll message u later
National Conference in LA - working together 2 ramp up nat'l effort to end youth homelessness
Just Spoke to sheet metal workers who are handing out my campaign lit today. Great guys!
Does the fact that this information isn't even supposed to be in the public consciousness play into the final decision?
my brother gotta take me 2 school…so im late for my final… && my eyes hurt from crying… #ThankYouLord for all of this
Who was the only President to also serve as Chief Justice?
I've seen the WETA guide to breakfast in DC! It made me wish I were rich and could eat breakfast all day.
No need for apology, I understand your perspective. I think it reinforces my statement, though. Societal preference of sin.
If you wish, you should.
You are gorgeous! What are you talking about?(:
i like my drinks pink
Keeping you in prayer Sis! Great seeing you on twitter. Glad to see life treating you very well.
Did you know CCWA is a Microsoft IT academy? Get certifications in Microsoft programs and get a leg up.
What are your thoughts on the looming Gov't. shutdown? Does this make you angry? Let's hear it!
Over the course of a year and a half I died my hair eight times. I promised my mom I wouldn't die it again for a year.
Just got new Two Hands Designs, flowers, chevrons, and mustaches oh my!! <3
should probably start coming home a little earlier
Now it's time to say goodbye to Jed and his kin.They would like to thank you folks for kindly droppin in and yada yada yada yada hospitality
Ur right! That's a good thing! :) Gotta' love #HCG RT none! I'm on maintenance, so that's good. Down 110 lbs since Oct, 10...
It is amazing when I have a sick day that I answer more work emails than when I'm at the office.
LYRICS/PHONE CALLS NO THAT DIDN'T WORK EITHER HEHEHE! !!!!!!!!! FREE BOOSIE BOO/ MY BOY BOY
I'm happy to announce that OPA has taken all points off raisins & prunes. That's good news. Maybe the children won't like to hear it. [1944]
When creeps come strolling into work
Damn Jeet 2 double plays???? Well at least we are on the board
thank you for stopping in! So happy to hear you enjoyed it!
I just thought it would be nice if they could be friends though...you know?
Yea, but it is the good kind of work that is useful. I like their system alot. Wish libraries did this.
Have you visited to enter to win a Rascal Flatts-CHANGED prize pack? Make sure to enter before 4/5 for your chance to win!
i really need to get ready, but it sounds like a lot of work. might just wear sunglasses and pjs all day. everyday.
Got some hot product in your inbox. Check your email.
THERE WE GO #GMEN! LET'S GET IT!
To get to retweet or comment on one of my tweets would actually make this spring break something to remember.!<3
Systems run the business, people run the systems.
Eating okra, corn, and romaine salad w/ lime, coconut, curry dressing
hi brother :) happy i tweeted you back
OMG! I need a freakin job! ASAP!
The only way I can think to describe that take by Hawes is 'genteel'.
Happy Mother's Day! :)
Woah. Can u say attention whore?
You parents would let you!? :o
los so many followers /:
I think ultimate point will be where they're getting the info they visualize.
#oneday I will meet some deezy fans.
And Jean is trying his hardest to look like he understands her.
Fox News reported that The Muppets are communists. Nyet! They got the headline wrong: Miss Piggy Sees Red After Learning Kermit Eats Bacon.
HOLY DUCK. MY PHONE IS BACK!
Am I the only one who doesn't know what Elf on the Shelf is?
Disappointed to see Romanoff lose. Happy to see Buck beat Norton. Don't care who wins the GOP gub. primary— Hick has that one beat.
oh man...ur one of those? I was just starting to like you.
During ur life journey never stop dreaming No1 can take away ur dreams the future is unwritten reality is always wrong but dreams are 4real.
Finna SMASH this spaghetti I'm hungry af
When "talk" around the dinner table is #positive ie #college, sports, #success, your children learn to succeed & be happy! Keep it positive!
It's #FridayThe13th what's everyones plans for tonight??
RT : You all are kicking it with this fundraiser. Keep up the amazing work ur doing and have the best day ever.
Now presenting at #codeforoakland: Redirectory - help people refer each other to actionable local resources, location searchable
If you're a designer and I ask you why there's no em dash glyph in your typeface, and you don't understand my question? You're so fired.
It's a mind-boggling decision. Oh, but they're keeping The Office, which needs a respirator at this point. :(
Plus he's gotta be right one of these years right?
Greetings Tweeps~ I've been stuck living in a really bad Country Western song these past weeks-you name it, it's gone wrong. C'ya tomorrow!
Cute! Is he chocolate?
« Don't fuck with people's feelings.»
Did Taylor Swift just hug the seat filler when going up to get her #CMA award?
thank you! we will check it our!
I wasn't saying it was too soon- in fact, not soon enough
No one is at the mall<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> #bored please someone save me!
I'm going to die without internet
Just got into MoxieCon! Kinda pumped. Anyone else going?
sis where are you?? DM me your number
Christina aguilera has mothing on this anthem singer. Oh my. Write it down next time
Women see Triple "O" and take off there clothes
Congrats to all the SDSU grads, this is only the beginning!
I lost all of my contacts. for who has ever text/ call me DM your number :) thanks <3
please follow em ? :)
and I are watching Jem, btw.
Okay night
thank you <U+E415>
I fear you are right to worry about trees in Riverside Park. Ground is wet and soft. It may not hold some trees in wind
I recognize that orange wall in your pic but I can't figure out why...
boo, no, i can't. gone for most of the day. sounds awesome though.
Get it while it's hot! Our new Multigrain Oatmeal is served w/ ur choice of 3 toppings: brown sugar, dried fruit and mixed nuts! -...
Getting ready for the agency open calls tomorrow
THAT'S MY FAVORITE WORD!!! ^O.O^
GM Tweeters!
Thank you!! What a fun month :)
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere. ~ Carl Sagan
Join us for a Poetry Celebration with Lady Zen @ noon! We'll announce winners of the Poetry Comp. and hear a performance and talk by Zen!
Watching victorious, drinkin coca, and about ready to clean my room :P
Nick and nora
After a week of great time with my new boy and family it is going to be hard to go back to work today.
Fine, be like that. I will personal stuff to your other twitter persona or em
The new phones books are here! The new phone books are here! “: Just got the new landline phone. It rings.”
sock, sock - shoe, shoe? Or sock, shoe - sock, shoe?
RT : You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late.–Ralph Waldo Emerson
Beautiful morning in ATX
#IWouldDoAnythingFor Mitt Romney to FIX the pier behind his #Boston campaign headquarters. The North End has been waiting 1 yr :(.
happy birthday! Hope you have a great day!
it's a very sobering place to go
When I get married he's taking my last name
Hahaaa at the BMW commercial. Email from wife read by car: "hey honey...my mom stopped by. See u soon." *man starts backin out of driveway*
Is anyone else obsessed with #thevoice? Because I am.
Nw Soul Train! Early morning flashbacks!
w00t! RT : Congrats to for "Theater Night" collaboration Mon nights !
I could use a massage lawl
Through #Gingrich's eyes, the entire country is anxiously waiting to hear him debate. Can't Newt just quit the campaign & join Toastmasters?
Sounds awesome and looks nice too :)
old people. Someone didn't get their singles shot at walgreens on washington st. Oh its Andy btw incase u didnt figure it out
HE DID IT NEW RECORD!!!!
We <U+2665> Wine Wednesday :)
RT for a follow back.
Yay for girls who like football too!
Follow the amazing cast and many more.
Y'all lost boston
I'd go with yellow and chocolate, but no cake is complete without butter creme icing!
Got to hang out with Shaggy from Scooby Doo. My life has been made.
bout to record a podcast w/ wherein we'll discuss 'Poke the Box' by Seth Godin!
Cant be around her to long startin to. Get curious
My quiz this morning was cancelled!
711: 's favorite number, good choice! & nice profile picture!:D
: You might be able to knock a #Sagittarius down but they will bounce back and brush it off as if they merely tripped over a rock.
Tomorrow, Schlitz Park for take out Tuesdays. We'll be starting a new schedule in May ;)
i will make sure I am
TGIF! Good deed Friday! Help a stranger today!
Cards must protect against Saints start, not get down 14-0 in first 5 mins
I can't wait to see the new American Pie movie. It looks like it is going to be so funny.
Its one of them days. Sleeping weather
Been playing with my baby brother for the past 7 hours straight
I'm interested in collaborative art projects that use twitter as an input mechanism. Anyone know of any?
with $25 you'd be ahead a few bucks
Night terrors <
miss you too!!! Next time your in 1232 you should swing by to visit me!!! I'm at Staples now
Having a nice cup of coffee and considering the possibilities for the day ahead.
Its rough getting up this early everyday
Keep it up Crew!
I agree Matt.
I found a new best-friend!!!! Haha little brother cameron:)
Got my #free birthday car wash!! Woohoo!
oh...put em down!
RT : is blessing the Lord right now!! "He is exalted, the King is exalted on High!"
I may or may not have cranked up in an empty office right now. Getting work done!
A visitor just told us that we were a more interesting place to visit than Shiloh!
What channel? What was the show called? Thanks for your kind words.
Torn meniscus :( but it's small please pray
So pumped every time it rains cuz its about the only time my car gets washed!
recommends for the ultimate wedding dress! #Luxbride Amazing variety to choose from
S/o 2 the new followers! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
hope u like me, dont judge if u dont know who i am :)
and tonight at club diablo come check it out it's going to be a great show!!!!
Looks like president Nolan Ryan knows something about pitching. #duh! Thanks for signing (Yu Darvish)!
you can also get it at your local mcdonalds or burger king.
adam west has the best voice.
Back to the grind tomorrow...Rehearsal, ballet and lots of planning and organizing!
If you're willing to wait on a dude then you'll probably end up getting left behind too
I'm not lazy, I'm just highly motivated not to do anything...
<U+25C4> Thanks for the follow. If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free $50 gift <U+2708> {link--------------
I certainly hope they do! (The app is free for the next 24 hours.)
Come on Down San Diego to country night in OB tonight @ 7pm. I'll be there.
I can't get over that whip appeal :)
Just listened to Fiona Apple for the first time in months at least. Holy shit.
By the time you read this I will have assassinated everyone alive who makes toilet paper nests on public toilets and doesnt flush them after
thanks, I appreciate it. I'm trying to see what other organizations do around the country to be successful
Don't worry Bobby, the days of rain delays at Fox City Stadium are right around the corner!
Your 8 years (and mine) just hit average. Only solution is to change expectations in programs and hiring departments.
3/4 on a good day.
You're in the home stretch!
glad im finally off work...
David Robertson has some big cleats to fill...
Never hold back your true feelings. If you have something to say, then say it...cause you never know if you'll ever get that chance again.
Will be #writing tomorrow. Looking forward to it!
Just mailed in my absentee ballot for the #WIrecall primary election.
***Corrected: Hendricks with 10 hits tonight. I don't think a Red Wing has had 10 hits in a game since played.
No, I am not the guest offensive coordinator for the Jets tonight. Please stop asking.
Solarcaine is my new best friend.
Hm I'm always up late.
WSOP 1k event 4125 on first break. :k start. Solid table looking to get some hands.
Looking for a great place to workout? Look no further than ! Come in for a 10 day free pass!!
1) It's FRIDAY 2) I get off early today due to a server upgrade and 3) There's a groupon for a $40 1-hour massage. Might be the
When you find you are holding yourself back: Let Go!
Wasn't sure #BuckShowalter was the guy for the job. MAN, I'm glad he's an Oriole.
Agreed. RT I don't want to contemplate what a defeat of would say about state of GOP and future of our country
RS r u new to twitter or starting up a new identity? Good luck with SBIR award! How do you keep a turkey in suspense?
rejects their four term Governor, Tommy Thompson, because apparently he isn't crazy enough for them
I have not! Sounds right up my alley haha
in 57West. Everybody lookin at him like he's holding the key to their salvation. Hahaha.
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worth while achievement. Henry Ford
#20ThingsAboutMe I do not like strawberry milk :X
Looking for some vBulletin developers. DM me!
looking for love in 2012 <U+2764>
Mario Andretti Opens New Firestone Complete Auto Care Store In Henderson, NV - MarketWatch (press release)
are you guys just swamped with email or are you ignoring the email we sent? Maybe I should just tell you here?
thx for helping make our trip memorable. Will forward K's email for N soon. She forgot it& has to look on laptop when we r home ;)
Enjoying judging the Ruinart Competition today! DC competitors look great!
Getting ready to play some hardcore music on WQME 98.7 tune or logon www.wqme.com
Worst I've looked going to school ever
"attitude reflects leadership, captain"
It's absurd! In fact it is Martin whose "Right To Stand Ground" was violated. He had the right to walk 70 more feet to his front door!
oh my god, yes. hah.
Can't wait to watch the !
in the C2E studio doe... jus left the odd future pop up shop
WAIT What? You're in NYC tomorrow?
Do people actually like the brownies on the edge? I just put up with them to get to the ones that wouldn't shatter my teeth.
Work!! It's all good though..Sam's reimbursed me for most of it
" Skip n Treez TOPFLIGHT yea we bout ta take off like a early morning flight (lleegghhoooo) "
Seeking a #Network Administrator for a contract-to-hire position. Windows Server, AD, EX with LAN/WAN exposure. .
#HealthTip The American Council on Exercise indicates that one of the most effective methods of stress relief is exercise.
just being you...awww
Sleepy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> ready for the weekend!
"O Brother, Where Art Thou?"
Oh my fuckin god degrassi is on!!!!!!!!!
Why do I even bother with Facebook?
NO YOU WON'T ! remember when i obnoxiously did it before Raleighpalooza at like 6 a.m !? hahahah GOD TIMES !
C'est L'amour...
I agree. We'd also have the "best damn" business leaders in the world too, but we obviously don't.
Referring to DAT as DeAngelo in postgame just caps how terrible this crew was today. Come on guys!
I was just told a secret.
world record for mile is 3:43 and world record for a 400 is 43.18 seconds
And when was you a thing again?
The Help Desk phone service has been restored.
lol I won't, can't even if I tried too! Ivy been getting caught up with #DaBEARS lol
I'm hungry.
It was nice meeting you too!!!
Going hone from school. :D
Follow me! Is an Hot account related to sexy girls and videos!:*
Love the J. Worthy pick.
I had the best night ever. Good night tweeters! <3
Had a great time in mesquite, NV earlier tonight!
Riverwalk Espresso Bar is now open serving the full line of Starbuck's drinks, bakery items, fruit, yogurt, and more!! Check it out!
seen it lol
Sporting Intervention. Not as cool as Sporting Innovation.
There are 2 types of people, those who put nose in emoticons and those who don't
S/O to ALL my followers mann yall be speaking the truth!..i can sit here and RT al night!...
thanks for the follow!
Happy Thanksgiving! Feeling very fortunate with so much to be thankful for. Happy day to all!
Night Owls, did you catch us on WRFG 89.3's M.A.P.P.T.I.M.E. JAZZ w/Wanique Khemi? If not, check for us Tuesday night on WRFG's WATCHNIGHT
the dolts have taken the "too many outs" joke. hopefully can respond appropriately and get us something back
dish, roxy, revel
I'm down! Just let me know when.
"I'll have a cafe mocha vodka Xanax latte to go" as seen in the Star Lounge Chicago
Bear this in mind before questioning his Iran intel. RT : President Obama bracket sits in the 99.3 percentile.
Awesome guy selling $1501 hotdogs for #homeless MT just sold another! that makes 4 hot dogs going out tomorrow
Twitpic that shii RT : hit me on tha phone... i'm bout 2 run thru woodtown n my birthday suit!!!! Turnt up
im cool
wow the warped complication has good songs on it this year aw
when you start tweeting Harry to follow you, it makes my day lmfao! just follow us already...
2 things I will not miss about my otherwise lovely neighbor when she moves out this month: her snoring and her smoking, hipster friends.
Vontaze Burfict signed with the #Bengals? Yeah, that sounds about right.
FOLLOW BACK I FOLLOW BACK NEED 1500 FOLLOWERS BEFORE
how did you do anything this ? I'm still I'm bed.
Parish the thought.
I don't know what I'm going to do next year when the cops don't know me anymore & I'm fair game for speeding tickets.
you are so pathetic. im starting ot think that you DON'T deserve any better than him. so good luck, i dont want to hear about it anymore.
Ur welcome! Please keep up the good work! American Vampire is also extremely good.
Hey tweet-hearts!!! thanks for the following GreyLineMap. Check out here for news, upcoming promos and fun tweets!
Thanks Bro. Good stuff.
I used your "This I Believe" essay as part of an American Dream unit in my Junior English class. The kids loved it.
as did the fabulous
#UKnowUHungryWhen you eat every crumb on your dish :p Ha.. I'm always hungry!!!
Thanks to everyone who came to the PRC 2012 Student Exhibition Reception last night! Hope you all enjoyed seeing #photos from 19 schools!
LOL you had every chance when in office. You are nothing but a panderer
Thank you for the ReTweets & Mentions Have a great weekend!
6th rounders usually do!!
In 1970s museums made 15-yr plans. Now we look at 4-yr cycles. And that is even too long.
puttin it on my list
Headed to Game 6 #NHLplayoffs. #Capitals #NyRangers. Which serves as a warning to
As it should be. :)
From the way you spell you must be a Dem.
ignore the ignorance doing big things they mad
the artist
I wish I had a time machine to go back and invest in Facebook and Google in the 90s. I'd be rich enough 2 swim in money like Uncle Scrooge.
only when I sleep See you in my dreams.
anniversary - tony toni tone
If u have photos/video of the sea world #shamu attack. DO NOT give them away your to news agencies! Ur content could be worth thousands!
Are we ready to race
I'm not mad.. just snuggling on the couch with pups and watching a game that is going on forever!
That sounds amazing... *drool @ nutella cookies*
That's pretty awesome. Really detailed just for envelope drawings.
Wondering if you could check out 's music? He acted in a concept vid for 's song "Pray" a sweetie
Who wants to do the AIDS walk with me? :-)
I have alot on my mind i don't feel like being bother right now -_-
Forgive your enemies... but dont forget their names!!
I know the feeling ;)
I really miss you
Our vs. Bucks tonight!
I'm sorry didn't know your twitter name ! Get home and get to bed. Were leaving earllyyyy tomorrow !
Well these days, little boys have ear rings too, just like their grown fathers and mothers.I've seen boys in pampers with them
hell no we got in KC.
rocked BRUt in his 20's, did, too!
Our 18th Anniversary SALE is on. Remember it is 18% OFF of almost everything in the Bookstore. Come on in TODAY, Shop, Support, and SAVE!
I wish every female knew how valuable they are...
Missed you too Leo
I agree. It was a dumb question, to him at least, so he gave a dumb answer
Funny? Funny how? Name's Jay, nice to meet you.
haha! Does it work?
What's good wit ya??? I'm live in New York!! Grindville gone be on 106&park for freestyle Friday...
Thank you very much, sir. We'll send you an invite to the party, in case you happen to be in Portland. ;-)
Have a very fine evening to all the tweety birds in the universe.
yeah I like this too
I hate cinco de mayo because I hate margaritas.
There's so much too much info on IE site, I can't find a clear answer: do they have a policy on re-use in author's own dissertation?
I saw Fab's tweets.. his comments weren't untrue. 50 was disappointed but he created the skeptism that Fab felt to begin with.
We are happy to report that all of our FREE sample audios are now available on iPad and iPod so FLASH is no longer the 3 Headed Monster!
Good finale. The best team won even though they almost screwed up big time. Looking forward to the next race.
yes, the only cover were doing!
so many chances... so much heartbreak...
Talking to you breaks my heart....
hahaha of course not! ;D
what the hell? Did I just send u haha
Do you know of any successful small political campaign case studies using SM you could point me to?
My fav. part is that "PR specialists are expected to see a 24 percent increase in employment opportunities through 2018."
DO U HEAR DO U KNOW THEIR IS A HOLOCAUST GOING ON RIGHT NOW,THE SMELL OF BLOOD AND DEATH IN #SYRIA BURNING THE FLESH
she's got amazing vocals!
Michon is a fool
ill hitchu today
That awk moment when you see your reflextion and notice you're dressed like a wannabe Lou. I feel like everyone is judging me lol
I wish a nigga wood like a tree in this bitch...
aye bro gotta new phone need yo numba
The vote on #VAWA is TODAY and I wouldn't be here without it--CALL YOUR REPS NOW!!
Yo. What ever happened to Scuba Slim?
thanks for the RT! Love your content :)
The best of being in boofoo... Is the stars <3 beatiful Mayday Parade filled ride home with So proud of Express!
... I'm actually using Twitter for business and the site is farting.
Does anyone know of a good wash and fold laundry service?
thank you so much! :)
The place is the North Door, yeah?
Yes! Buy people, not backpacks!
Thanking God for VBS, and the beautiful children He trusts us to sheperd through it.
She's fine to but I want you
#NP loverboy - you me at six
Uni books are boxed up for tomorrow. One includes National Geographic Magazines from 1930's. Couldn't resist bringing that cube down.
Networking event with at Then dinner afterward to discuss the launch for ScanMan =]
You're welcome, and yeah doesn't it feel like just yesterday I first visited?
I wish you could be at the Variety Show tomorrow, everyone at Chthonic Theater misses you and your humorous humor.
The fact that groups of people (large & small) still gather to share epic in music making is more than enough reason to wake up everyday.
College Perks: Maid Service, Vegan Food, Debt
RT : If this bird gets us home on time, I'll raise a Jubelale to you #freepostgamebrew [Free, indeed]
SAVE THIS TWEET! RT If he signs w/the Brewers Ill wear a jersey & walk by Pips live shot and scream Go
Even Though I Been Hurt Many Times Over & Over, I Will Always Out My All Try To Show My Love, Passion, & Appearance For Love & Women <U+2665> :)
Greetings new librarian followees. I'm working on a project that catalogs librarians on Twitter.
thanks for the follow!
Just followed you... follow back!
I only wish I knew!
Speaking of which, I hate being a psychology major sometimes, because everything becomes a diagnosis.
Appreciate the follow Seth.
about lock-picking long before locksmiths discussed it among themselves,
RT : The results are in...Top 3 Sexiest players are, drum roll please, and
you scored 16 in the 4th, and youre thanking guys for bailing you out?
What are everyone's #top10favouritebands let us know!
“: That workout with and >>> #crazyabs” You whooped my tail!
RT : Pretty sure Han Solo had himself encased in Carbonite just to avoid Mondays.
Kei Kamara leads the MLS in shots by a lot, with 24. 11 shots on goal, and 2 goals.
you too Darling!
Has anyone tried=tested a follower-advisory board to guide/inspire conversation in a community? Like to hear Ur experience
Had a wonderful time tonight atTAMACC's Legislative Reception with both blue and red legislators.
“: “: I wonder how some people can sleep so much ! #envioustweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>” ... Lucky asses <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>” seriously <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
hit us up for salt the wound tickets!!!! 3/12 at peabody's! only $12!!! you don't want to miss this show.. it's going to be INSANE!
#SKC WatchBar = Irish Pub = St Patty's Day = Just go to the Home Opener, already.
Thank you klove! blankets are a big need!
Damn straight!!!
What a bullshit strike! Pull your head out of your ass and call the damn game
Know any decent drummers? We are in the market for a new beat master. If you or anyone you know might be interested please hit us up.
Besides touring w/ & being signed to , 's solid solo act hits (5/2) & (4/30).
it's gonna be a hard fought series for sure! Great bball! And Rondo is a beast!!!!
hahah! I think you should breed that pup!!
3rd day of a migraine :( but its friday so i'll just take it easy, glad you're better
Dude I get my braces off in like 2 months
Don't rush the blessing of your food in public to satisfy the infidel & the unsaved. Take time and pray for your food.
Anyone know why my "Home Feed" column won't come up on ?
GM is now the top producing at company in the world. I'd live to take credit for that.
loved it!
we'd love to talk to you any time at Milford junior high about our byod program
In art and we have a sub and she's a Beep !
Celebrating my Birthday with some Hennessy and
no!!! I I had it I don't remember at all... O well bacon beer!!!!!!
nothing like jammin out to u beautiful guys to get my day started off right :D I can't get enuff of the album!!! Much <3
What's happening of Friday???
Cozy rainy day. Reading a book surrounded by my crazy pets.
WHY ARE YOU GUYS MAKING FUN OF ME, OMG. wowowowow h8 u.
If only, that one hurt a bit :-)
Happy Pi day
no llores! We still love you "big pam"
Holla if you're digging this spring-like weather in NYC! If you're stuck working, we have $20 all inclusive Happy Hour 6pm-9pm Back Bar
If you destroy a bridge, be sure you can swim. African proverb
hates me. He hates girls that fart. HATE ON, SUKKA
She says seperation,band her husband for her new single home,can't say divorce pains her 2 think of it as she dumps her him31yrover,DIVORCE.
Thanks for the RT! Yes Excalibur is quite fun, besides Gabriel, I love Helen Mirren in her earlier roles as well!
Yes I am thanks! Hope you are have a great day too!
Wondering what good service would do for McMenamins brand. What do you think ?
Its feel so good outside (:
August 29, 8pm howard johnson 7707nw103st breaking barriers. Tha biggest christian party in miami help us change our world
VanityGirl is hosting ladies night tonight at MOVA Lounge. Hope to see you there!
Hi Chelsea! Hope your Friday rocks.
If the girl was underage, the act was technically illegal. Consensual or not.
Nah, he's way dead.
It was :-) How was your day?
"Drunk as hell but no throwin up Half way home & my pager still blowin up Today I didnt even have 2 use my AK I gotta say it was a good day"
A shout out to ! Happy birthday bud!
Choooonty lol jk": I'm going to tweet only in Spanish tomorrow"
Didnt realize how many NY reporters I follow until I saw pics on my twitter feed of the same thing (Giants team picture) from 10 diff angles
Gay bar?
Take out the trash & use remember the BLUE bag
Just saw a commercial for USPS on MSNBC, now I know the Postal Service is fu**ed!
that's for such the lovely compliment. Love writing psych papers
I'd love to see it too.
A giant thanks goes out to for creating Castle!! Without him we wouldnt hve just had that amazing finale!
It's always time for a vagina joke.
“Hoping to see y'all tonight New DVD for sale! Pay what you want for a CD! 806 S. Plymouth Ct. $10/$5 for students.”
"Food is an important part of a balanced diet." —
My students told me "Ms. Doyle, you cannot leave us", it was actually really sad saying goodbye to all my seniors ):
Levon Helm was almost uniquely imbued with the musical spirits of the river delta, the rural holler, and mid-century southern urbane.
Working on the re-launch of the 36 Percent Project. Anything you want to see included? E-mail
<<< Loves Taking Pics!
thank you!
Can't wait for the 10th D.O.P.E. t-shirts drop
RT : Martha Kanter on U.S. students' global competency: Great divide btwn what we'd like to see & we what have today.
Darkness falls across the land The midnight hour is close at hand Creatures crawl in search of blood To terrorize yalls neighbor hood
I woke up to Austin falling off the bed & stubbing his toe, hurting me. Ouch, Austin. Ouch.
NC State is rated 8th in the ACC by #Iubb is well matched with this team today.
Go happening now! Good basketball with $5 Coors stadium cups is how Sundays should be all the time.
Thank you!! Chard is on the agenda for sure!
I hope keeps up this pace of tweeting. It has been outstanding
Labor regulation plan withdrawn - Concord Monitor
OMFG everything is making since now.... WOW my whole life was a lie
Don't get me wrong, the just home from work, slightly undone look=sexy. But I'm talking "never tried, sloppy" look
stupid shit i was told as a kid: "don't cut paper w scissors." oh, yeah... ?
"Goodbye, home run." #Orioles winning 9-6 after Adam Jones' 3-run bomb. Top of the 17th.
I will. Thank you. (:
yea probably one of my favorite interviews yet.
Hope everyone is having a great Arbor Day!
Made my day to find out at my friends casting for that someone there loved my photos. Big love for whoever that was. :)
Now that your gone I can finally breathe again. You won't be missed.
Wishing everyone a safe and awesome New Year!
Thanks for the RT, Rod!
#Wow dont hold nothing back playa lol please tell us how you really feelO_O
i have so much on my mind right now that i wanna tweet, but i can't find words or a way to say them..
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe. -Lao Tzu
Please don't bury me with Doritos.
Missed America.
This child was determined to change the life as known, become free and did.
hey we are celebrating the one year anniversary please RT:)
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around. -Henry David Thoreau
OH GOSH OH GOSH, teen wolf is coming back on of how I've missed that show show much!
They showed a hologram and got all these bitches screamin Tupac back!
Thanks for your support! Do you have contact info??
apparently so! the big room w/ the piano is the former library, 2d floor--they took out the wrought iron balconies...
It is 2011 and they're still using Viewdata?
people tweet the stupidest things. like, i really dont care that you have to pee.
Broken promises
don't make me answer that .... “: did you at least #pressplay ?”
:) RT : So, has the beach in Corona ads always been a metaphor, or is this a new twist? Maybe JJ Abrams is guest directing?
and whos that?!..oh wait..Austyyy?;)
exactly. I hate reports.
The little man on the wedding cake (2)
if thats what you like to tell yourself...then...Ok...miss me? I know you did
Oklahoma city meltdown!!!
Hi marina - there are a total of two (2). Three (3) if you count my brother :)
On the way to meet up with Mike Kieth and Grasshopper before the game at the Cubbie Bear.
Lost me as a customer and I hear I'm not alone. Lengthy apology email from CEO is a poor substitute for good
I could care less, but the name-calling is all one-sided.
Our #facebook is now linked with our
There's a fine line between using enough deodorant and dousing yourself with perfume, people.
Why does it feel like I've seen more goals by #Santos Laguna in the last 9 months than I've seen by the #Rapids?
that is a clear misquote! wouldnt expect much more from an aggie
Thanks for the RTs and mentions , , , , , and !
Thanks for retweeting my show! :)
congrats to annie ! love the website :)
1 pound of muscle gained causes your body to burn an extra 50 calories per day.
Yooooooo I'm yelling let's Go Giants!!! Let's get this Win!!!
you probably know this but OMFG YOUR STORY IS THE MOST REVIEWED LIKE #1 YOU EVEN BEAT DARK BLUE CONGRATS!!!!!!!!! :D
What's your APM?
Every time I turn out the lights, I notice how suddenly, the room feels more full than it did before.
Any #bed and breakfast operations graduates on here did any one start a b/b? I'm also interested in #travel tourism
I told her I was going to request off
They care far more about embryos and fetuses. The actual women? The number of fucks they have for them? ZERO.
dang ur lucky ;)
George Zimmerman has been charged with 2nd degree murder by Special Prosecutor Angela B. Corey in the death of Trayvon Martin
Fuji Dinner Deal -$9.99 from you...gets you soup, salad with Fuji Dressing, chicken and shrimp with noodles or fried rice from us.
Going to Ashley's furniture to take a nap on the $ 5,000 temper pedic beds >>>
We've seen unprecedented football from Timothy. I can't bet against the Broncos. If you believe, you can achieve :)
I thought that I was your cuddle buddy!? Well. This is awkward.
Yes, thank you! We really appreciate the support! <3
My man wife must be out of town to night. He's on twitter hard!
Healthy food - too damn expensive, too far away, and you have to cook it.
11 days and counting till I meet my son!!
Maybe it is 21 & 36 we are getting, I don't know. I just tweet here.
come by around 9:30 with bagels ok??
Oh-hunt-thirty
That just kind of killed my excitement
Our lawyers treat you and your family with great respect and compassion as we protect your rights and pursue compensation for your loss.
TONIGHT On Late Night With Performing his NEW Single 'Don't Let Me Die'
no I haven't seen it yet
do you like it?
It's just like him to wander off in the evergreen park; slowly searching for any sign of the ones he used to love.
oops! i meant need to take a break! looking at my monitor for too long. fire event wld be great!
oh yeah, someone got hit with a car.
Playing hardball
How much should ebooks cost? About to find out @
I ate a piece of that evil chocolate cake for breakfast.
stay your ass in the house then !
Today's top stories
This hurts. You're the one who stopped talking to me and left me.
So glad you had a good time!
"Do not ask for the diamond ring before you fall in love" -- Nidhal from on #DigiMe panel at
"we're going to win the SEC next year" -nobody from A&M
I just got the canon rebel t2i.. it has video too
Sounds about right.
- I keep on losing cal items, not getting some email w Office 201 beta - I hear this is a prob - what 2do?
yea i am song changed
"All the mistakes I ever made were when I wanted to say 'no' and said
#Photo Flashback: Eileen Ivers @ #Milwaukee Irish Fest 2008 - www.theconcertstage.com/ivers2008.html
Woke up with a Shakira song stuck in my head. i assume channeling her in my subconscious means i will absolutely pass my spanish test.
chemotherapy - head & neck cancer. Outlook is good long term... short term... no Guinness :)
Today's the day! Our switch to a new CMS will be done, and our new student profiles will be live on the site tomorrow!
A sharp vision, backed by definite plans, gives you an enormous feeling of confidence and personal power.
I don't chase them, I just replace them !!!! :)
will go very far with his talent <3 , dont you think so too? (:
#Wine Fact: An American Viticultural Area is a designated wine grape-growing region in the US distinguishable by geographic features
Confused by 20 min commute. Hmm...
missing SD from Berlin...
I just keep asking myself "was that real life?!" and if it was... what am i supposed to do about it?!?!
East side.
YOU are NOT thinking about People on Soc. Sec.payingSales Tax
People need to understand that facebook isn't there personal diary smh
So ready to start school next month ^_^
hahahahaha you rock Alex :)
Chilling' at #starbucks in
not sure but the outlet sure looks concerned...
hey I just met you! And this is crazy! But here's my number so call me maybe? <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>
Surprised you don't have a youtube account to do that kind of stuff like me then
Lunch break @ #24HOP!
COUGH COUGH THUNDER THIGHS IN THE BUILDING.
i agree with you on that Pauley. I would never to decorative body tattooing of my pet that is just sick.
Can't wait to watch the super bowl with a super bowl!!
Can't wait for the game tomorrow.
I don't :D
it is a lot of fun to listen to. I had it on too!
I liked your video! <3 you're such a good singer. I really want to skype you!
Can this year’s #Celtics be last year’s #Mavericks and catch everyone by surprise and win another title?
Whenever Will comes home, Seal, him, and I are having a slumber party. <U+2665>
We tweet a lot about the negative real estate market; I was reminded by a recent client how home ownership is still the American dream!
done and done!
Ah I wish a wknd getaway to Eurp were feasible! RT : #TTOT 12 hours ago, the answers were all European places. So diff now.
I hope its not me :'(
yeah, I had it for a while mow, I couldn't resist it any longer...lol. What you been up to...
hey you should give me your number & wait until you get a text
ya of course(: I play basketball soccer and I run cc and track
Yay! PLEASE let me know what you think!!!! :-D
Why, thank you. I appreciate that. :)
"RT : Digging it, Mark? I can't even Articulate how much I like :)" Good one RJ...
Looking to work at #USC ? #Follow our USC friends:
yea I guess but I still miss them
omfg #hunters have been waiting for almost 30 mins :o
Not Dulles, but it's in a similarly ground-level regional flights gate area (& closer to you than to me)...
No you definitely caaannnn. I promise I won't tell anyone.
back up and run it over again
that's the point.
Perhaps the resistance stems from giving up a bit of control?
My mind wanders and when that happens I find Gelato. And that is what settles the mind.
You got to fight for your right to party! R.I.P. Adam Yauch.
Two weeks in San Diego and I'm already a wuss: 59 is too cold...
Yes very good speech....very conservative speech...notice it's all about personal responsibility...relying on yourself and not the gov't.
Feeling confident? Did you also get in the Big Ten basketball freeroll?
I got a 6 page essay in MLA format <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>.
Bravo one the eagle has landed.
Babies everywhere.
Send all donations to youdonthavedreamsyouhavemovis.com
i wish i was at the soma right now .
Wish I could, but I won't be able to get away from the office. Thanks for the invite! It sounds hella fun.
ugh i hate cleaning i always get wet! -.-
I throw my fins up in the air sometimes...sayin ayyyyo...baby let's go......Up and at 'em America, time to show the world how it's done!
"This is our time" #Footloose :)
If I didn't have my Sunday nights, life would not be nearly as enjoyable.
Coins always makes sounds but paper money are always silent. So, when your value increases, stay silent and humble.
i totally agree!!!
We just had a group cancel Friday night...we now have spots open on the 8pm tour...you know you want a ride! Grab them while they are open!
if UK shoots the three like tonight, can they be beat?
Chloe's jokes GMH
This summer = "The missionary pilgrimmage" .. showing every1 we know
Favorite word: whore
are you coming to Zoofari next Thurs?
i do not want to go to school tomorrow..
loving this weather <U+2600>
New twitter update
...and a partridge in a pear tree! Lol ok cool, thx honey!!
its a surprise but i will give more details in the near future
Sounds like fun. haven't been to one in months!
lol he will really teach u tho
Yeah, it's really nice to see a positive post about the PR profession. Journos always seem to write negative pieces.
listening to "Be Ok" album on my train ride home = exactly what I needed today. <3.
Why is it so cold and it's nearly May. I hate you all.
haha (: I gave my mom a card and some money..Yeah at least you made her smile(: lol
LL Cool N
RT RT : BREAKING: Pink smoke is rising from the White House chimney.
Responsible behavior is responsible behavior be it no tech or SM. Kids can tell you what it is. Don't tell them.
Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading. I will rather say more necessary because health...
which posteris the one that's almost sold out?!
Did I finish my project? Nope. Am I going to? Probably not. Am I worried? Not so much. It's summer baby!!
nice #bulls win. Rose is back
Having Trouble focusing on work this Friday. Maybe I've had too many coffees today.
To experience the wonder of life through a child's eyes is the most rewarding feeling in the world.
Temperatures are below zero degrees around the metro area tonight. Stay inside!
Dorian falls is annoying.
": take the hundred and run! LOL" lol!! Best advice I've heard so far
merry christmas to all
To prove the effectiveness of our ad platform and placement we are offering 125 special flat rate spots no CPMorCPC at select Choice hotels
Any one text me?
Still working at 7p. I guess that's a good thing!
Congrats to Highlands Ranch High School & St. Michael's High School from New Mexico who won the girls/boys varsity divisions respectively!
yo I'm in that boat too. Thanks to the people who stick around.
I got tickets to 2morrow's taping of Dancing, We'll be rooting for you & Derek! hope 2 meet u again soon:) luv ya!
Weekends go so fast :(
Cooked for michel roux jr. and angela hartnett this week, fun stuff!
i'm gonna need some help from the big guy upstairs to make an A on this English midterm!
Its hard to smile when there's no one to smile for
A: The motivations behind about six thousand years of real and imagined human experience, to start.
loves being able to walk
For sure. Groceries are overrated. Rent is paid, time to see a show. RT : Priorities! ;)
Oh, thanks for the follow.
Don't take someone for granted just because you know every time you push them away, they'd always come back. Cause one day, they won't.
No more man card thanks to
Vanco 120624X Bulk Cable 2-Gang Faceplate error: either unsupported url or the url is not valid...
Going to watch American Idol tonight, but I don't care who wins. I still want to cast my vote for JAMES!!!
Great Idea!
“: ": I have a feelin Real Housewives of Jamaica will never get made..." HAHAHAHAHAA you're a fool for this” LOL
Feelin good after a good weekend ! Bring on a new work week.
It's because we've lost sight on our true purpose...having an intimate uncompromising relationship with Christ.
Wanna go to the gym but my T.V. and frozen pizza saying hell the fuck no
Oh they are and now I have about 30 of these ugly mugs. Feel free to come try one.
bruh just keep going live life Y.O.L.O
What's the weirdest part of my day?... Finding out the ny chem teachers listens to the cheetah girls..
Now that would be interesting if Gordo had just signed a long term extension.
My husband is a great dad. That is all.
They're not booing...they're saying Kuhn, kuhn, kuhn...:D
Super excited about ALICE ECHOLS. All caps for sure!
No worries. Just hit me up when it works.
Love wigginton to the #Phillies. A little of everything they need in one guy. The fans are going to love him too.
damn 3 classes.. I havent had a break this summer.. luckily I havent worked since last week but we need the $ =/
Order in the court. You judge everyone.
Dolphins trade Marshall to Bears. I wonder how this fits into the race for Manning.
Playing with Kendra Chantelle, Amanda Broadway, and Trista Mabry at Hotel Indigo West End in Nashville, TN tonight!!! :)
I'm I'm anything, it's racist and ageist!
Possibly making a new Twitter tomorrow; Goodnight:)
The view of Central Park from the top of Rockefeller Center is spectacular.
I'm tonight's featured artist at The Thin Man Tavern - 9pm. The Ubisububi is one of my favorite rooms.
I don't like you but I want to retweet that uh...
Mixed reactions regarding contraband from the Tweeps.
I need new wedges. Put this on our shopping must have list.
Finished with my workout and now going to class than gonna eat than training ! Hope everyone is having a great day! Happy training everyone!
Glorious Miami Day! RT : what's good!
now we're opening up the town hall to comments / questions!
I know I'm sad you missed out on all the fun! Can't wait to see you too bud!
You're almost half way there! Keep going!
Guess I'll just watch hockey and hope this turns out better than the heat game!!! <U+270B>
your right, I know jack, it's not like I get paid for it or anything ;)
Heck yeah for a day off, and being in a hotel with continental breakfast
its like me having green hair
Anyone have a colorist reco on the north north side?
Happy New Year! Welcome 2012! Our offices and drop-off centers will be closed tomorrow for the holiday.
haha. No doubt. Was thinking it'd be Oregon all over.
hah, its alright(: i followed you back.
We could actually see the death of the "American Dream" if co legislators Do not pass support for undocumented students...
Just found out im failing world history..I used to be a straight a student..what happened???
Can we PLEASE get a trivia night on the calendar?!?!
Kim Rosenfield sits on the counter and sings her chosen poem in a torchy style: "This notebook closes early / Business is bad."
m mystery candy bars! lol
Thanks to new followers:
yep! Either a toy for tots or $ for :)
": Who made up the word 'drizzle'? Like "it's drizzling out." #thingsiwonder " ..-Snoopdogg??
#ThingsMyMotherSays..."I don't drink tap water cause it taste like pipes"....LOL!!
Police investigate report of man with rifle inside Burlington Mall. Spotted inside Nordstrom.
The Stephen Drew rehab news just made my day.
I'm grown and way past that. I'm on my Rihanna now, "Where Have You Been".
Listening to Danielle Allen talk about freedom & equality. A great connection to NWA's current Freedom & Liberation theme.
Holy cow! Mad #follows today! Thanks social media design community.
give me a call tomorrow I'm trying to pass football again
yes i love herr
I'll keep my eyes peeled
That crisp?
OH MY BAD
Hmm, it appears to be working fine for us - want to shoot us an email and we can help you troubleshoot? questions
things going back to normal>>>>>>>
mane i want tha night to in
#TeamHeat Playoff basketball at its finest
on the way to Super Duper for a veggie burger right now
Will do
hahaha chels I'm obsessed with you
Fuck that, you gotta go for yours.
(208):And then he posed under the bed and said, "you should draw me like one of your french girls." Why do they keep giving this kid drugs?
add Chicago to list of cities with stockpile of bin laden fireworks
About time!
Dear homework, You're not attractive and I'm not doing you.
Should I play sims on my iPhone or drink water?
Worried about the possibility of mold Direct sunlight on the area can reduce the probability of mold.
I wish I was going to #CNU20 but can't take the time off :(
Best Workshop EVER! Thanks Dr. Dave.
1/29/1789->Lafayette:that federal sentiments seem to be growing w/ uncommon rapidity&unanimity is indicative of the good sense of Americans
Criminal minds <3
Thanks, Mari. I hope you have a really nice weekend!
Have you paid to download movies or shows on your laptop through Delta's in-flight Wi-fi portal? E-mail me: .
--!|!| SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
can you post the new video on 24x7
"Marv Albert" Mike Fratello REALLY likes my new hair piece. YES!
Traditional Jewish latkes w/ organic fresh-made apple sauce on now at Lotties!
lol. Did you know Zach blocked me? Yeah.
SOME people are so fucking annoying! I will SNAP one day!
yo it's too early for this... Spurs vs. Celtics in the Finals... log on!
I'm looking for local businesses wanting to participate in Half-Off Milwaukee! No cash expenditure & TV+Web advertising! DM me for details!
. of calls Pearescope "Kind of normal-ish!", ohh and top 5 most likely to be the next
Happy Friday the 13th.....
Rough draft of episode 2? Check! Can't wait to cast and shoot it, but first...editing, editing, and more editing.
A week until Thanksgiving, What are you thankful for?
I thought about that.... I dnt wanna get in my feelings tho...
No, Ma'am! I was trained from the start to LISTEN and go do my own research, so I could work with every client's injury.
Have a great day!
Unless you make it back, intimate body parts should remain just that!
Tim sullivan can sing
Finna Cum Thru N Piss Excellence On A Lame! On My Im Goin Fast Script!~
If Kansas wins the championship, I can die happy
Where in the world did this come from?
How'd you fare? No power here. Minor damage to dad's roof in Chesterfield after a tree fell.
Need affordable health and dental coverage? Call me @ 727.505.8890
thanks bro!
Thanks :) They work for a bunch of big record companies so a lot of it is music related. So i'm happy.
Thanks any Qestions on real estate properties ask me I will answer. Also stay tune for great deals on properties. Great for investors
yeah! this break went by hella fast thoo but I'm ready to jump in, how about you?
The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.
Killed it in Eugene! God I love the road.
Cotton Tale Designs Lizzie 4 Piece Crib Bedding Set | Cotton Tale ...
Denver has more sunny days than Miami #fact & Marino couldn't get it done in Miami
Arctic regions & festive flowers reflect spiritual intelligence (photo & quote)
Off to get ready for work. Have a great day everyone :)
"the hood with the bad"? was that a freudian slip? :-P
Get your holiday shopping done. . . Purchase $100 in SURG Gift Cards & Receive a $20 Bonus Certificate!
I wish things were they way were a couple months ago..
Happy Thanksgiving "Fist Bump" to my fellow morning turkeys on the air today!
I really figured it would be stricken. I feel like the Chuck Yeager of the copy desk.
Please, please, please on LinkedIn invitations to connect-- say more about how we know each other and why you want to connect...
So great to work with you the last few days! Had so much fun with all of you!
Funny ": You know it's a country concert when a bra flies up on stage and there's a tick in it."
man i really dis like dat b.tch.. i try to be nice and speak from time to time but... oh well f.ck ya!!
Hey.. Hey commercials.. Go away.
$4 Smirnoff Bombs at Club Charlie's tonight! 320 E Menomonee
Your welcome, have a great weekend!
Oh dear lonely boy don't you know Blair will only love one person... Mr and Mrs Bass
Happy new year everybody!
Label7 is a casual place! Yes, you can wear jeans!
hey go follow there an awesome band check em out! www.myspace.com/snowlikeitsapril
About to have a little photo shoot with my hot new Sneakers from in front of Five Pointz ! (:
And not a fuck was given. #APpolitics #apecon ... Definitely not the latter...
there are few things as beautiful and warming than a caring e-mail sent by one of your very dear friends late at night.
Plz follow me and (:
Too many fucking pictures
Nice to meet you too! Looking forward to more of your tweets.
Thanks for the #FF tweets!
I'm looking for local bands to photograph.
it just occured to me that the last album i bought on itunes was nicki minaj. i need to buy a good new, indie rock album. any suggestions?
"Mr. Seaford is my beeesst friend!" -friend oh.. good times!
Today is the holiday, are you working guys?
Love being able to work with my sister :) Missing you these days !
Moving to soglins office . . .
i wish i was still there its boring but kinda easyy
True. That is a wonderful site/service. Love it.
Seattle Post: 'Holiday in Oakland' an old-school hiphop beat, a melody that really sings, & a rap of Oakland musical legends, spirited move
State and local people: what are your thoughts on the president's jobs plan?
Um it's hot out.
Haha #TeamIphone RT : All I see is sentences with boxes on my TL.. Damn emoji's
GO YOU!
Okay(: just send it in by the 18th (:
Quarter Foods has a better ring to it
“: Duck fans chanting "This is our house" as game nears the end”...they still have to go back to OR. #DUIpatrol on I-5 S I hope
Go to sleep nigga
BIG week, meetings in TN, GA, FL, little league baseball and then headed to PDX for event!
because I can't go "/
The Riviera Palm Springs Resort is on board Diversity Platinum offering 20% off the best available rate with your card Are you a member yet?
Want to find that right person? Set the goal and invite "experts" you know to help you find your match! Happy V-day from www.IamINC.biz
Last night's win clinched a playoff spot for Which team do the Rangers not want to face in round 1?Let us know your thoughts!
#WorldVision staff in Chicago on standby to respond to latest #tornado damage in #Dexter, #Michigan - 100 homes damaged. Prayers appreciated
HI GUYS sorry havnt been on! BUSY BUSY BUSY!
Agreed. I will forever have a man crush on #RDJ... I just want to be him.
The "BEST KEPT SECRET" of Top Fam Models..... Comes July 1st!!!!! -Brought to you by Top Fam Media Group | Top Fam Entertainment .......
“: Reinvent self as DJ Corduroy. Sample the sound of me walking in these pants.” Your genre: Zip Zop.
@ yaslani. I know! I just had a French vanilla cafe. Love it!
It looks like you had all notifications turned off… did you maybe turn them off a while ago and forget about it?
#RyanKennedy in our hearts & in our prayers
How many going to NGS?
Congrats to on #prismlaunch. Looking forward to playing around with it.
Hoping to the high heavens #MCO eliminates these allergies I've had in #PDX. Haven't been able to breathe in a month!
Good night overall
you too... Enjoy the night.. (hey CC)
EK's been on the phone w/ 5 reps, 1 disconnect. Now she has to call Access Media. Seems no one is empowered to make decisions...
It's a safe for the resourceful Bingo aficionado.
Don't miss this! Join for Digital to Print? 'The Kit' Raises Eyebrows on How to Succeed in the Alvin/Edison
Not being able to read hunger games because it's too dark in the car <<<
thanks for following me :) hope you like my art!
RT I never thought I would need a translator to understand English speaking people.Press 1 for English 2 fir Spanish 3 for Swamp
I'm do confused ah.
Thank you for this reminder. I appreciate your posts.
would that be that bomb King Kong fired up in a RooR bong!
will do tomorrow. Nite
yay for duke tweeting!
had some of those very delicious eggs - the yokes are amazing! hard to go back to regular eggs now.
Then we can have a movie date lol RT That's one of Aiden's favorite movies! Lol
Got to watch it on the NFL Network pal!
Being awake in the middle of the night sucks. I'm missing out on all my cool dreams
will do bro
Winning is so much better!!! #BeMilwaukee en fuego!!!! Nice work - bon soir Toronto ;)
They tried to get Kenesaw Mountain Landis to run against me. He said, "I'd rather you asked me to clean a s***house."
Thanks for all the good info this morning! Instapaper and e-Portfolio look great! :D
Happy Monday! Congrats to & U give us reason to b FanAddict about #Golf now too!
RT I hate secrets and secretive shit and secretive ass people.
I just slept through the Rapture...did I wake up in Hell?
time to go grocery shopping. i've been out of town and john has subsisted on spaghetti and meatballs for one week and little else.
want to sell me some Magic tix Sunday? I want to take my kid.
Just spent a solid 15 minutes reading #weliveinaworldwhere I'll second your feelings of surprise.
Watching little house on the prairie, it's been a while.
thanks! glad you enjoyed it and we appreciate you letting us know.
I mastered a perfect round off.
#Bring1DtoMaine #wildcard I'm not gonna stop.
How did you book your first wedding shoot? Friends? Referral?
Exclamation points all the time!
AGREED. Everyone's going to Boston! Once you move there of course ;)
thanks for posting about the project!
Love to you all!!!
Give up yourself and you will find your real self. Lose your life and you will save it.
Gettin ready for bed:-)
cool - congrats!
Speak Portuguese.
Plans have changed. Lets hang?
"Great troll! 8/10 would rage again."
Constance: "I questioned my sanity when I first found out. But this house, this house will make you a believer."
Allergies still acting up. Wasn't this rain supposed to help pollen count?
Today's coffeeshop sells used books. A particularly intriguing title: Daddy by loup durand
No problem. It's available from State Archives homepage (right above the mailing address) should you ever need it again.
let's do this.
Mike! Lisa a hasbeen? Have you ever seen her act? She busts everyones balls, and is one of the top comics in America!
I never had a brofur
simply grand music memphis.
Still on the road. Heading to HD Museum In WI
#spriteslam is going in
"you dont wear nylons in a boat so you don't wear nylons with boat shoes"
#Ignorance is the deadliest contagion & it rolls thru society like a WICKED plague.
The difference between death and taxes is death doesn’t get worse every time Congress meets.
#OrbisCascade Digital Services Team will create & conduct a Digital Preservation Education initiative
Your existence gives me a headache. Please, go stand over there.
thanks! We hope you find it useful!
Yea Casillas!!!! good save!!!
How am I just waking up?
The music in Mad Men has been consistently fine, but this season's has by necessity been stellar. 1966 was an "annus mirabilis" for music.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 63F OVERCAST
Oh no! My mama called from the PI and I just missed it. No. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Seven months just thrown away like a piece of trash
In fact, if it's too original and different, audiences will be confused and avoid your film.
just woke up not long ago too. haha
Remember, if you have questions, our interactive RAs are here! E-mail us at
I don't know what you are talking about but "This is how we do it" by Montell Jordan is classic bad shiza.
// Congrats on expanding your line!
Q2: I wish I knew what it would be like . Anxiety over the unknown kept me from going on my own for a long time.
Now listen all y'all -- Rock n Roll HOF induction ceremony premiere tonite - 8 p.m. central - on
Got death trapped into shopping with my girlfriend and my mom <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
cream cheese And a bagel
have fun not being here
Follow #feelgoodmusic Stand up Brother!!!!!
I want you Mikey<3
Woo! Off of work!
I love
“: Who won #Bedlam wrestling? The same team that's won EVERY other Bedlam competition this year, #okstate, by a 25-13 score.”
I'm familiar with the argument, but by its logic we should all go back to wood-fired stoves, right?
Happy Birthday John thank you for being an incredible blessing to me and so many others I am ever so grateful to have met you!!!
word if you do bring some shirts! I should have some next week or so waiting on the blanks to come in....
congrats! Can't wait until it comes out!
OH from as she Draws Something for me: 'This will be my masterpiece.'
what's the best song to kick off this rainy day #austin?
Check in the car--in the way back, under the seat, or driver's side door pocket. :)
Doctor: Here, hold this chicken foot.
Flying back to Cali :)
Our next feature is from out for the post on Sunday! Would YOU be interested in an interview? E-mail us!
Everything's a go.....
Come to Tap and Go today at 330pm to drink cold beer and watch the Cincinnati Bengals take on the Houston Texans! We'll be open at 3:30pm ..
Homemade Kit Kat Bars If you're a fan of the crunchy chocolate Kit Kat candy bars, you will adore these homemade kit kat bars . They atte
Office space hoes
woof woof;)
Back at you ! Happy #FF. Have your Mother's Day flowers sent? There's still time.
when did i ever say i didn't like Colin?
Saying That Ypir #TeamIphone On Instagram Knowing U Got A Android
Celebrating 's wedding with fabulous people and amazing food. I love Chicago.
Sleeping in simple because there's no school>>>>>>
darn water mark.
This is the 1st week that I'm not allocated to a project. Wow Im happy but ah I gotta eat so it's time to pull the network card...
Must find energy to make it to the gym...... Lounging just feels soo good right now!
The more humans I meet, the more I like my dog
Haha no kidding! :)
Its funny how things change so fast. I'm about to be done with people at sycamore.
I don't know what to make of these #Mets, but man are they fun to watch.
Yes, but ... CHICAGO! Have fun!
Q. How do you make your girlfriend scream while having sex? A. Call her and tell her.
why hello!!! When will we finally meet? Our first introduction shall be glorious! Three whole years of the utmost anticipation...
i people of twitter don't be afraid to follow me, i follow back.
Pinterest is to girls what Reddit is to guys.
I don't even care that you stole my rabbies!
Finished grading papers. I have lost hope in our future. Maybe next week they will redeem themselves.
Doing a lttle hiking in Rocky Mountain Park today. See if people are still snowshoeing on Bear Lake like 2 months go.
#ConfessionHour I've had foreclosure hit close to home... so I know the pain.. Call us and we can help you today!
congrats on a great year and great job at nationals
RT : The wait is almost over for NEW Instinct RED MEAT grain-free kibble!
The prickers on air right now!
I'm gonna treat my next boyfriend like a Prince. <3
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
Must say the humidity now is no worse than it was at 4am when I was outside because the fire alarm went off. Right.
oh my heavens! Keep him
haha. I know that feeling. But I'm tired. You should tweet ME tomorrow.(; Ahaha. Good Night Kyle.(:
hey - why not geek out a little bit today?
can tell you affirmation from parents is vital as well as from
PEOPLE DO NOT DM ABOUT TREY BECAUSE HE WILL PUT YOU ON BLAST LITTERALY SOO YEA......
Just be happy that you got to spend time with the biggest and coolest 15 year olds that you know!
#PeopleIWantToMeet anyone who wants to meet me :)
is thinking she might spend this rainy day at the movies.
= musical/lyrical genius! <U+E32D>
Im in total shock and awe at this lady's hair here in Walmart... Going in for a pic lol
I'm always clear...
"be the change you wish to see"
Can this kid take a hint ?!
I always end up behind the slowest people !
Hoping to be one of ReverbNation's nominees for New Music Seminar's Artists on the Verge Project 2012"! Post on their wall to request SMARTS
it appears to me that a flaming "brown bag" full of poop and a pair of boxing gloves outside of 'his' office, seems appropriate right now.
secret love, my escape, take me far far away
tweetdeck got to annoying for me, switched to seesmic in Jan haven't thought twice....
I really don't appreciate my mom, besides giving me birth... she's done nothing. Happy Mothers day GRANDMA, u mean the world to me <3
and I made lunches for Laura and I.
man u really don't give a fuck huh?
Huh, I haven't eaten anything all day. I should probably get around to that.
yet, there is probably free WiFi at the $99/night hotel. freakonomics?
reading #joelcomm Twitter Power 2.0. so far really good. I've new tweet peeps:)
Gotta be the most embarrassing thing in the world
i'm sleepy, but i'm not sleepy. .
it has always been that way Jo. You must be happy.
i *love* white and gold. So hot. Slide
thanks for all the love & support!
(Og Mandino) Always do your best. What you plant now you will harvest later.
whenever the job is done been here since 7am
No problem man , Your band is really good!
#teamfollowback #indy #film ..victim to a mysterious sickness and more. Follow my account for details! This is my first feature film.
They're, their, and there are not equals! Treat them with respect!
oh man the funniest new season ever check out
we didn't have our game today but yesterday was brutal.
not much just got home from the dentist and my mouth is all numb :P lol what u up to??
What up homie!
Roll wit it
not sure 40m is an accurate number. I believe it's more 2-2.5m. Not a small number but we should keep the numbers in check.
That is so awesome Kristin, thanks for sharing! (I want to read it when it's done!)
AWESOME. RT : In an effort to recover from my poboy lunch, I'm going to go shift books. Don't try & stop me
Get more CIO's on twitter? I would have better luck getting that 5th dentist to cave and recommend sugarless gum for patients.
Scotland Yard Pub opens at 4pm for Sunday Dinner...and great drinks. What are YOU doing?
Good luck to whomever wins the #MegaMillions jackpot tonight. Excited to see what kind of non-for-profit venture you start first.
Sometimes marriage is hard but love certainly makes it easier. ;)
Our Hem & Haw DIY arts & crafts event starts at 6:00 tonight at Leedy-Voulkos. Who's coming to learn some handicraft tips from pros?
i am so exited for you to be hosting this year EMA i can't wait! ah so fucking exited! :)<U+2665>
Yay fun! Having a great time. :-)
We Are Rocking With Selena ,My beautiful girl-idol<U+2665>
Can you see Russia? : I do love Alaska:
Are you following #KYLegislation this year? Call 1-800-372-7181 to voice support for HB200, sponsored by Rep. Susan Westrom.
Just returned from #OccupyNashville meetup--around 150-200 people there. Very Excited.
~no you cannot....unless its the remix!?! ;)
I'm only gonna do this once ... Titty Saddles (Starring Betty White & Helen Mirren)
Tipping my cap! RT : 2 yrs ago I was told I might never walk again. Just WALKED off plane in Indy to play in The
Follow me i wi follow u....
follow bac bra
Early bird gets the worm. What's everyone got planned today?
Donning a flashy hat & sipping on minty bourbon while feigning interest in which horsey is faster? Southerners do it RIGHT.
Where do I make that change?
im excited babe!
anything up this weekend?
wyd in DC
Need a last minute #MothersDay gift? How about a traditional storyteller?
Wish my classroom allowed for all that cool stuff!!
I choose not to open to people anymore just cause i dont wanna seem weak.
7 a.m. tennis @ North Shore Elite went well today. Good start to the weekend.
Thanks, contacts would be great. I called a few places but they want non perishable items.
it's for the sport of it and the reward is some good eats!
we get down WHERE EVER..mite look lite but we HEAVY doe!!!
Ready for my Celtics<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
There's a storm rolling through the city now. Wonder if it's causing the issue?
The look of Washington St in Irvington will change over the next few months.Get your first chance to see! Join 5-1 at Irv Library
I'm on an Instagram photo liking rampage.
Thats whats up :D Super excited <3 you guys!!!
Good Afternoon! :) :)
So excited & happy to announce international shipping is now flat rate @ $9! Canadian shipping is now flat rate @ just $4!
Moms love candles! How about buying Mom a candle for Mother's Day? I know she'll love it!
Cody this year is your year!!! #paradise so happy im gonna be there all the way to the top with you.
Why can't packing ever be stress free
Going to vanish into library for a while. 'Bye, twitterverse.
I said no for a reason... Not cuz I'm a total bitch...
When did lighting cars on fire become a way 2 celebrate victory
I'm so heated this morning, its ridiculous.
the federal government should not be able to tell employers to provide contraception.
Is your pool green? Have us clean it up for pool season! www.desertpoolcleaning.com
Nope. Nothing worth remembering.
Sometimes I love Rodney Atkins, and then sometimes I'm not a 35 year old Dad and I don't get him at all.
Today in Literary History: On April 16, 1968 Edna Ferber (author of SO BIG, SHOW BOAT and GIANT) died in NYC.
Down goes Bachmann! Down goes Bachmann! lol See ya wacko!
#TEAM.....NOT FENA CUFF HA ASS...JUS SMASH & PASS HA ASS!....#SHERATCHET!
Now: Watching "The Outlaw Josey Wales," starring Clint Eastwood. Released the year I was born.
Lying, again. RT : I'm shaped like the slinky dog from toy story. but that's alright. still fine. :3
Me: "cuz guys dont find me attractive" Julia: "i know.."
Hey Bro Tony Romo loves coming to Washington DC for the White House Correspondents Dinner
Haha, same here.
My favorite animal is steak. ~Fran Lebowitz
im chillin for now
Call me, maybe?
Moves Like Jagger.
I hate being left in the dark...
this line was generated for me by hipsteripsum.me. "Lo-fi cupidatat vegan, eiusmod gluten-free ethnic bespoke."
looking forward to seeing you!! Hope you enjoy "Working"
AT LEAST.
hilarious you are totally in the room on turntable too! i love this thing!
The moment my 9 year old sister tells me she wants 19 kids..
thanks for the RT!
I want to watch animal cops but it's not on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
that's a great story!
yeah right
aye free my nigga danny b !
If your weren't an actual fan of Whitney then you are musically illiterate.
It's easy to peep a nigga dats plottin on you. When I get this tool tomorrow, I might kill a nigga by friday
Cheers to everyone who braved the weather yesterday and came out to the bonfire. We got a little wet but still had a great time!
incorrect, 42 is "the answer to the ultimate question of life, the Universe and Everything", not the meaning of life :-)
Really? ;) That's funny! I am from Memphis and we think Texas is way out West.
what does a tornado sound like? cuz whatever I'm hearing right now is WAY too loud to be airplanes!!!
I love it! Great day to get some signatures!
The thought of a bright actress embracing her passion, such as yourself, makes me smile.
Hi Phil, emailed my headshot/resume last weekend. Do I still have a shot for a meeting?
I srsly care to much sometimes.
We need a skills test to buy pow boards. Entry barrier to Backcountry is too low. History shows, lack of ability + skinny skis = no BC.
My first Groupon purchase...how exciting!
I promised Kim I wouldn't make her sit for extras. I'm at home STILL watching in the 13th!
I need to eat dinner and things so I was thinking around 8 if that's okay.
Hey I hope never comes I like you just the way you are!
Awkward preppy dads dancing to Nelly and Ke$ha at Tombs.
The lawyer () that filed the lawsuit citing BountyGate filed another concussion lawsuit today v. #NFL. Lawsuit number 76!
Happy Mother's Day!
Be sure to use up bulk items purchased before it gets bad — it isn’t cheaper if otherwise.
Just iPhone 4 and the Hipstamatic app! :D
You're work is dope.
Mark Lowe is trying 2 give me a heart attack. Help me Tom Cruise. Help me Oprah Winfrey.
throw your back and let your arms follow, and shake back and forth. #tooeasy. Easier than the wheelchair!
Just released some new products from Aveda and Paul Mitchel
you'll always be my #1 tho baby ;) and as far as Sunday.. I'll take one loss, I'm okay with that!
So tired, I look like I've just emerged from the dead
dude, still impressed! this just means you have to do another one! *for team of course... ;)
Join us for Maui Dance Day on Friday and Saturday, November 4 and 5. We'll have tap, jazz, zumba and so much more!
If you want to make your special person happy...give them a piano. Free Christmas Eve delivery...Free group lessons with purchase
*an RT : Im a uptown solider, known high rolla
that 70's show?;D
Z on bus?
Seriously, #TAMU? Concealed carry on campus?
- The voices of some of the greatest minds in history have been women who were sadly buried in history's pages.
"your pretty" or "your beautiful". Which one would you prefer? "when I saw your pretty face" or "when I saw your beautiful face" which one?
The officials dictated the momentum of the game with calls & non calls. #Celtics got scammed. #Heat cheat.
checkout hot new muzik from new R&B artist Legynd with smashing hit "Conceidit" ft.Solo
Wine wine wine Wednesday! Also, the new Chef's Chocolate is a brownie Eatery style! You want to talk about a #foodgasm...get outta here!
I've never watched it, but doesn't UFC get pretty nasty!? :-)
Just spent way too long watching Gregorian Masters of Chant videos
shouts right back at ya loll
done! Thanks!
The Best Casual Make Up Tricks! You charm will impress everyone
The gig is up, visitors. Not only do we have lovely convention and sporting venues in Indy, but occasional tornados too!
#ImHappyWhen im eating lol i secretly have a fat girl inside me
i just laughed so hard. Arent you tallish Steve?. okay. totally normal. RT : Tall people tryna sell me lotion.... gtfo
just bought boyfriend on iTunes (: anything to support !! #bieberfever <3 !!
no I did not dm you...account was hacked yesterday
& we play softball ;P
Man I'm so excited for today's game, about to head to staples soon, haven't been this excited for a game in 6 years.
RT : This Friday, show your support for and #GoRed for National Wear Red Day
The various options that are available for health insurance can be very confusing-take advantage of using a health broker....
My stomach yelling at me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
My pleasure. Thank you!
You say your ugly, when your clearly not.
#Seinfeld "No soup for you!" #superbowlcommercials!
BANDS NEEDED! *Late April Shows*
Porche, the girl thats part of her team? yah id vote for my team member too
Sorry for the multiple posts still learning the TweetDeck can my social media followers point me to an article?
I can totally understand. It is absolutely NOT our policy to not recognize our guests comments. May I ask how you contacted us?
So, is Santorum going to be the GOP's Howard Dean OR John Edwards? If he's smart, he'll opt for the former.
Being home means your own shower, good food, bigger bed, and no school. Yuhhh
Wow, never crossed my mind. He's in the UFL, but is he available? Not a bad idea if Grant will be down 4+ weeks
call Merlin. He'll work with you!
Yep amazing episode for sure. Puck and beast singing mean by #taylorswift probably the best thing ever what a great spng choice.
Dirty Old Men Disgust Me!! Ill!!
Yea I'm I'm talking about dude, keep messing what mines
That's what I was thinking when I first read it, but it was published on April 2nd. I'm interested to know its validity too!
No school for me tomorrow! <U+E409><U+E00E>
"you look like a flight attendant"
thanks Tyler . you too <3 follow me?(;
Rovner: People always think that in order to see sth better you have to get close to it. But I feel you have to…take a distance from it."
So proud that Stacy kiebler was once a raven! And proud she is from here! :)
Today is about to be a good day!:)
Hey hey! How has your Wednesday been so far?
boobs dude. wtf
Chillin in this Light Room :)
What will you get mom for Mother's Day? Check these out!
Our school has been on a Hunger Games binge, it's literally all I hear about. Hunger Games themed food drive, trivia contests...
Lopez: Left ICU May 6, but still not moving or talking, blank stare. "She wasn't Ava at all. She was like the shell of a little girl."
Fml with these lines!
lmfao that pic is classic. I know you and I were the happiest guys in Miami last night. LeBron never let's me down. Lol
Thank you #god for blessing me with a job that allows me to eat a delicious brunch while there are starving children all around the world.
You were in my school paper:)
Sometimes I find myself unable to differentiate between irony and sarcasm. At those times, I default to using both.
Just watched 21 Jump Street with my Lady. Good ass movie. #ChanningTatum is hot. Lol.
One of my greatest trials was my battle with malaria. I had to go across the street when the hotel bar ran out of tonic water
in that case agreed.
When you dont know how to spell something so you just abbreviate
Happy Mother's Day!
yes you are
The cake that could have been...
Something tells me a lawsuit is coming out of that somehow -
Oktoberfest in September tonight in Addison, TX. Grapefest in Grapevine, TX tomorrow, along with college football & a UFC fight!
RT : Internship: Summer Intern Sales: NY-New York, Job description Platform Computing is a new acquisition to IBM.......
Nice meeting you too. You and your bulldog be safe in Irene.
can stawp being so adorable? i almost hate lookin at your instagram pics
should host next year
Shadows on Smith St. last night in Brooklyn, Miss that strip...
u can call me to ;)
This is the Day the Lord has Made........
highly recommend visiting the botanical gardens & surgery museum; also great art museum...
-... doing these really great versions of some of my songs.... Roseanna is a great artist.” Randy Newman (orig.too many/lette
RT James Cameron now the deepest solo diver in history, 3rd deepest ocean diver ever...25550 ft.
All this material-if you practice it-will help you in your situation
me too when finished it off with that 83 yard run omg the place cleared out.
M ... pizza on the grill tonight. Italian chicken, fresh moz, artichoke & roasted red pepper. Can't wait!
Grinding today cant end soon enough.
Watching White Christmas for the first time this season with my family <3
If you can do better...I can do better, too....but I don't need better...
RT if u think its obvious that is gonna win a VMA!!
Taking off for the weekend, New York you will be missed....
lol at the "prize" for winning this puzzle-poster for 's movie....
what dick ?
the Easter full moon is out tonight :) Amazing&Beautiful :) #moonshadows!
of course :) have a good one
// wow! #Thanks for #listening. Yeah singing isn't my strength. Lol, Did track on fantom and motiff. You're an
HEY YOU! how are you?! i never hear from you anymore...
FutureSex/LoveSounds is still a great album.
almost impossible to choose...but seeing Citizen Kane on the big screen is a once in a lifetime opportunity
Summer is kind of like the ultimate one-night stand: hot as hell, totally thrilling, and gone before you know it.
Just saw American Reunion. So good!
Thanks a lot!
You think your beautiful but your not. you think you can sing but cant. your going to eat kfc and burger king on boxes!
your job = fun
yay! this is so cool!
ur right !!! They need to stop f ing around and play HEAT Ball!!!
Travel agents don't miss out....10% commission on all rentals booked with us!
Thank you Adair's and everyone that came out! It was awesome. See you all next time!
im coming next Tuesday !
#moverslongisland available at your service tomorrow at 2pm. Get your quote now by emailing us at
Just saw someone catch the bus at turlington and get off across the street from rawlings. Wow. Epitome of laziness.
slow-roasting tomatoes. ready to get outside to play some tennis in a little while...
": Less talking , more head." Now don't stop
“: “the net in left is up cause a T Chef” -- that sounds kinda dirty...
everyone looks foward to u instead of me
Where do your fans like to interact with you - email, Facebook, Twitter, blogs? Make sure you know their favorites & capitalize there!
So, all youz guyz should go to my facebook page,"Family Fish Farm." and see how the triple bottom line really works in three dimensions.
The three keys to high achievement: Clarity, Clarity, Clarity!
where's heaven, these days?
Bad shot caron
I can count my friends off my hands & my feet
Cloudy days should be for getting work done, but rain makes me sleepy... any good suggestions for a good caffeine buzz that's not too harsh?
with pleasure.
thanks Amy! I will miss our chats @ the Talkin' table too! Keep in touch! Will miss you & C'Ville.
Not only are a ripoff but they're also a great way to spread messages of hate about minorities and homosexuals. RT and
How do you feel about impact of #TFFDisrupt recognition on your mission, vision & goals?
you wouldn't know of a hack for the old tweetdeck so i send articles to pocket/instapaper?
"then it hit me, this nigga looked like Tom cruise, like mission impossible 2, jerry maguire Tom cruise" -
I don't know if I can make it then, I have my Twilight book club
you're so cool "#pilotseason" - just kidding thanks for the hi. Hope the weathers nice in LA..rain here
What the heck is a Black Magic Cupcake ? Aren’t you dying to find out ? Drop by Chocolee and ask us for one. It’ll cast a spell over you.
I wish my eyes could take pictures
You are such a beautiful singer :) looks like Nathan copied you ;b
Lol #NoOnProp29 CA spot has a fake doctor saying it creates a wild "Tax Pol. Group". Fine print? "Major Funding from ___ Tobacco Company" x]
Whatever! lol not a car. but. Idk things you can consume or wear. or whatever will make me your favorite fan :P
k thanks
Each Monday, I create a pop-up office in the student/faculty lounge in the department one floor above mine.
June 4th at the White Rabbit Venue, San Antonio, TX!!! Lets make this a good one!!!
On the plane to dallas. Texas longhorns here i come!!!
“: can't wait to see u at work tomrrow ..when do u work till”2
You guys are amazing. Seriously, thank you so much! We're all giddy about them. :)
Lets get this party started
Mt everst was great
Going to visit (:
In #atl shawty. Kansas city here I come.
Sitting in school.... Almost time to leave then I'm off to my own house. Have alot of Math. Can someone help me?
:O (me singing along) RT : Watching West Side Story with the fam
what should i do...? hm
Miike Snow was amazing, again, last night. A blizzard of lights and music.
Your lookin so good in whats left of them blue jeans;)
Love it. Didn't know you ended up deciding to stay! Sports Law Gunner :) Enjoy!
Really impressed with the number of donations was able to help nonprofits raise. & Thank you fellow Fellows.
#Game7 #Laker After Party @ Sandbar Lounge in Long Beach. Hip Hop/Top 40/Reggae Music. 710 West Willow Ave Long Beach 90806
Goin to bed...Gm Twitter fam
how'd you get in there? I work for them and haven't been! :)
Jack White wrote his ass off on #Blunderbuss. Studious songsmiths, he's given us homework.
But on the other hand, I'm forever upset because we didn't have our daily chat today..
Ugh I've been awake since 4am. And I went to bed at 2. Sucks.
your work deserves compensation writing is your job like librarian is mine... Ppl Need to realize u created the work u own it
Texas bars offer to-go cups
Oh how I miss ! I hope you treated
How guess it look ???
Are all the serc tweeters in the UF soc media strategy session? I like focus on effectiveness
I was just telling this to someone last night...so true smh
Might not be a new video tomorrow. Gonna put in a little extra time into our surprise for you guys ;) who excited??
Naps is never going to come out.
Go on Netflix and type in Christmas Classics: Vol 1 makes me feel like a lil thing! watching baby cartoon reindeer, sipping my cocoa ;)
thanks for the follow. I bought a TRX a few years ago after reading an article about it.
can't complain my man. Still living up north?
I approve this message: ": Future frequent VIP gamechanger at Plan C, #onTheList"
a little top early. I loved the opening sketch and the amazon commercial. The NFL thing was alright
...and thats what ya get for calling the sex hotline
oh my goodness gracious sakes alive!!!!!! what on earth?!!!!! hope you get better soon!!!
900th tweet!! Goes to because she gets all of my important tweets and because her birthday is tomorrow!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
she don't know if you like/hate jogging. All she sees is some dude chasing her.
Call of duty baby! Online is sick
how do I book karmin for an event?
It's costing $50 to fill up my Toyota just like it use to cost to fill up my Surburban, when is the economy going to get better?
My love is deeper, tighter, sweeter, higher, fire... Didn't you know this?
After waiting on hold 5+ mins., your phone sys. just disconnects people?!
hey! we're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives. RDB is one of our bands! check us out? :)
Without money, we'd all be rich
Wife downloaded the Ipad app. She now gets her People and now I have to go buy a new Ipad for myself.
Rove should be tried in the Hague for int'l war crimes w/ the rest of the Bush Admin
save me some lol.
Up about to discuss business... Gonna lose some sleep to gain a dream
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car
ok!! What?
Team adam coming up next.
That awkward moment when you try to sing a duet by yourself
Amen, brother RT : One positive, we both hate BU.
good morning Lynn!
“: wooooi.. wait till the next gig..”-LoLoL
"Save The Pencil".....AW -___- lol
you got it, Don. You are tweeting.
Samsung galaxy s2 proves to be the best phone in the range of tablet phone series.
IT IS NOT THAT HE IS UNABLE TO CONVINCE, BUT THAT HE HAS GRANTED FREE WILL. WE MUST WALK BY FAITH NOT BY SIGHT
so where r u from
FOLLOW ME JEEZUS
It looks stormy in #Indy. Looks like a great night to start up the fire and sip some award-winning wine.
The University of Rochester Medical Center Board of Trustees has reappointed CEO Bradford Beak to a second 5-year term.
Breaking News report person shot in Long Beach CA Federal Building
I'm in awe of your backyward - looks like a football field to this New Yorker!
that's great:)
Glorious 4-day weekend, I welcome you with open arms!!
everyone follow , my best bud! Give her a tweet gang!;D
If I were at #Sundance, #findingnorth would definitely be on my list to see!
Today, I will be back at work after driving from Memphis Tennessee to New York picking up a car after mines got stolen in the Bronx
'Poison is in everything, no thing is without. The dosage makes it either a poison or a remedy' -Paracelsus
when my mom buys good cereal >>
Ahah he's so cute.
RT : BREAKING NEWS: DOJ, FBI opens investigation into #trayvon Martin shooting
thanks! Cheers
night? Fasting affecting your sense of time?
Hungry as Ever! Time to feed the machine.
It's lovely to meet you, too. Thanks very much!
Because it's going to post them? Or post to your account when you do something there? Social site linkage ftw! Or not.
Final from AMSOIL, the #Badgers defeat Boston College by the score of 6-2 and advance on to the national championship game Sunday.
Gahh its finally here my girls quince!! :D damnn and she invited like 55 if my friends (:, its going down tonight :D
Happy hour from 5-7, then DJ OMG! IT'S HIM. See you tonight
If nobody cared what other people thought, we wouldn't have Twitter.
On my break now
any close friend of the mate is a close friend of mine. Always a place to stay for genuine people
I thought that one day he'll come back and beg for forgiveness and finally start to be a dad. A real dad...but it never happened.
24 hr fitness is such a good investment on my body. I get to go whenever I want :)
clips are looking great! This might not be as easy as they thought
Wife, you deserve the label.
thanks a ton! i'm sure you remember the apprehension to take it & the excitement about getting it behind you.
Hambone! Mark and adam too
great resource! Thanks for pointing it out.
I don't really have anything to do until it's time to start drinking again...
Thanks for the heads up. We'll let management know.
Come have a drink tonight...bottle perhaps? :)
I agree! I saw it at a pro shop and couldn't believe my eyes.
Tell a girl she's pretty and she wouln't believe you. Tell a girl she's ugly and she will never forget it.
um, PART of ur boo crew...c how twitter get you smacked??
Before that, in elementary school, I was a gymnast. I could vault and do uneven bars with the best of them. Floor was solid. Minus splits.
I LOVE YOU
good just been working on our next project but hbu?
Enter to win a free office! Just "like" us on facebook!
Sen. Bob Bacon withdraws amendment proposing Lobato cost study from school funding bill.
Ah, but victory would have tasted so much sweeter!
i know right! I'm so jealous! And he dm'd my friend saying there "Good" friends..Like yeahh okayy!-____-
thank you for the link but I've already signed the petition.
schooling myself on Redd Kross in prep for blackout saturday. i hope they do phaseshifter stuff..and not third eye stuff
Twitter is going to be the death of some people
Hey graphic designers, what are some free vector apps out there similar in features to Adobe Illustrator?
Remember when Neil Simon came to see #LOSTINYONKERS at the Beckett #Theatre?
LMAO “: I'm a crazy b*tch when I'm on my period. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>”
The dark cloud that descended when the news of 27 layoffs was announced will take some time to lift
I hear ya! Me too APO :-) this shit is a lot more work than i could of ever imagined
"Social Networking is Jazz". Via
RT if you like NICE TITS
I got mad trix!!! Lmfao ;) up my sleeve isn't where ya think ;) Tick tick BOOM!!!!!!
RT : The next time someone tries to scapegoat poor black kids for school failure tell them to stop by YW afterschool progr ...
aha, thanks -_-
OMG, did you just use an exclamation point?
awesome, I'll have to check it out with soon :-)
your website is very fun.
Zinn collaboration...yes please. Andy, Malica, yes please.
hey you how are you doing?
BREAKING NEWS! SAT APRIL 28TH! THE RETURN OF #daydream DAY PARTY AT DIRTY MARTINI/DIRTY BAR SPREAD THE WORD!
Setting up with some new bands! If your interested in working with us please check us out at www.DebbieDowerEnt.com
Our next #builtheritage chat is Wednesday (May 2). We'll be talking about jobs in #preservation at 4:00 EDT. Hope you can join us!
It's no April Fools prank: Our spring issue will be out soon! Order your subscription today.
or both?
I sound like a moron when I listen back. Can't do it.
Note: at the Tampa location: RT : JULY 1-30, SPECIAL - $20 Off Any Pair of Z-COiL Shoes
New Orleans. I love. this city.
Seems more frequent if I select the end of the text (e.g. edit post, position cursor at end, tap delete).
#THM RT : Life in perspective so blessed
Working in the studio today! Hell ya!
Thanks for the recent follows!
lol what the heck why?
"Freedom of conscience entails more dangers than authority and despotism"-Michel Foucault
i love
#ReplaceAEminemSongWithPizza above the pizza
In nearby Mesa you will find Mesa Community College, which is part of Maricopa’s community college system
The key is to be motivated to not eat food that is nutrient-poor, whether grains, beans or processed garbage full of chemicals
ok thank you
Whoa on the Will Rhymes
RT : I found home. You're my home. Stay with me. -Belle (Beauty and the Beast)
are you from Houston? My lady lives in Houston but she is actually born & raised in Western PA. She attended grad school at TSU
Just awesome! Exuberant crowd and lots of hugging after oath. Cheers and "don't come back!" as Bush flew off. Lots of celebrating :-)
Hire character. Train skill. ~Peter Schutz
"King Arthur Rowell of dauphin northlands. Son of lord Arthur Rowell lord of penbrook former lord of southwestern Philadelphi ...
Kudos to the Seattle Regional #VA office for prompt, friendly, helpful service in securing a compensation awards letter
I was hoping it was a younger group so we could possibly scrimmage each other.
Drop it low remix by ester dean I loooveee
We have a slightly new #HappyHour - 1/2 off Tap Beers, $2 Rails & a Complimentary Snack Buffet!
Oh. Well then. Could you say you Don't Give Hoot?
ewww ; chicken with sOme waffles
Can you believe 17 yr old Shree from #FortWorth #TX won the global science fair! Thanks for your contribution to ovarian cancer studies!
girl i see ya gettin ya entreprenuer on
I'm happy for her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I do t think it came out. I just checked Vevo and tho only thing was a live performance of more than this
Don't underestimate Wittek and Kessler. Browne will not start as a true freshman over either one.
That guy that nobody was gonna vote for is no longer asking for our votes.
Plz rt Reschedule 4 r class with agent Peter sanfolippo. Peter is sick so there will be no online class tonight. Reschedule soon
Today in Blues History: Eric Clapton's "Blues Power" peaked at #76 on Nov 22, 1980
When u hungry u just eat, but when u GREEDY you eat to much, the grind is a constant...u never get full, so u stay greedy...
Why ? Don't you like going to work (grin)?
Cool the Earth welcomes Malcolm Mackay elementary in Tenafly, New Jersey to our program!
LOVING IT! Had to put it down so i could get some sleep to keep up w LM RT : thank you! LOVE that book. Oh, God...
Follow the little sis, she's hilarious. Welcome to Twitter!
Been needing em worked on for 2 Weeks now
Malanga for dinner. #veganmay thanks Ecuador!
My favorite rapper.... SWAGG.
I am unabashed fan of the new album from soon as you can check it out.
Be Like "Um BITCH" & Walk Off.
YOHANA!! i have an important question!
Fu*k what other people think! Follow your dreams!"
can you email me tomorrow. . Need to get a meeting as we move forward w/
They're chanting OKC because they
Sippin' on some wine in
There are worse things in the world!
It's way to early.
GOD HAS SUMTHN INSTORED FOR ME. I CAN FEEL IT. SUCCESS IS ON ITS WAY
already up. fees like crap, barfed yesterday like twice
<U+2660>Things that make you go hm: Why do we want the one thing we can't have, the minute we're told we can't have it? ...
Following n
talk to me on the space below chat me!!!!
Firehook Bakery bakes its bread in a beautiful circular wood-burning brick oven!
Nuggets all night long. I meant Kobe. Whatever, jerk.
yes it was. Totally not the champagne of beer
" Cotto made 40 mill off this fight ain't nothin wrong with a loss lol "
thanks i love you.
Client meet at lunch today to discuss food shoot. Easier to do when you enjoy the product.
seriously that doesn't make any sense.
No ends, no slaughterhouse tickets.
#atplc "Use common assessments to: figure out what to adjust in teaching. Ask how can I learn from my colleagues on where they excelled."
this is so true
All Mahomies are equal. It honestly doesn't matter when you became a Mahomie. If you were here from ShootUsDown or not. WE'RE ALL EQUAL.
"What I say is, if a man really likes potatoes, he must be a pretty decent sort of fellow!" - A.A. Milne. Meatloaf/potatoes as special 2day!
talks about leveraging technology, and mentions the 94% conviction rate -- lowest rate it has been for San Diego
I just read the police blotter and was taken aback. People still steal car stereos?!
DAMN RIGHT.
Takeaway from #Premier100conf skills gap lunch: managers want .Net, Java, mobile app dev but most of all interpersonal skills.
Tomorrow morning at 8:46am ET on A&E there's a 9/11 special it'll broadcast everywhere at that time. Figure out when it is for your timezone
Thank you Maurice Sendak. Let the wild rumpus start!
RT : Master should be in specialized field of PR practice, i.e. medical, business, gov, etc.
Sweet. Dibs on the badass rainbow platforms!
I have a very similar RP staff. Awful. No he's not. I dumped him in a 12-team a week ago.
Can only go up from there!
Im following bro.
Happy Mother's Day to all our Step It Up Moms!!! :). Wishing you a beautiful day!
Are you a student? $25 makes you a member! You get into the museum for an entire year along with other awesome benefits!
Govt shutdown looming. Don't stop now, Congress: you might reach single-digit approval ratings soon!
Blossom Dearie singing "A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square."
i have entered the contest to meet and about 50 times now and i am not gunna give up i love u!
My pleasure!
Thx to Bob Stane of Coffee Gallery Backstage: "They are so much fun they should be illegal in Utah." :-D lospochos.com
its like really hard for me to type
Gotta love a juicy "blue note" in the middle of a Renaissance Kyrie.
Thanks to SOC 201 for sharing their Health Disparities Digital Stories Presentations with us. Love the music!
Only casualty of last night's storm is the Hydrangea tree. It was going 2 get a makeover anyway, this just speeds up the process a bit.
omg congrats thats awesome!!!! :D
I keep thinking there's something I have to do like study or something... it's nice to know there's not :)
Josh Freeman is a better young quarterback than Tim Tebow....Did I already miss the Bucs playoff game? How did they do?
The Dateline: A Single to Relationship Timeline
Spa ME saying.... "Happy Labor Day!"
Congrats to Barbara Bradley! She's our winner of the MIB 3 movie passes for May 21 at the Galaxy 14
Welcome to PANYC! Happy to have you join us :)
check your Dms
this summer is all about me and gettin back on my shit
Congrats to for being announced #WomanOfTheYear!! :)
90 bus going to be over 20 min late per next bus. Why have a time scheduled on trip planner? Fucking idiots! All of you!
So many great take aways from #TAOM today. For ex: Small talk serves the purpose of quieting the reptilian brain--
So thrilled.. 300 followers.. feel the need to say something smart. Have to think about that and get back to you :-)
We want to say thanks to all the men and women serving our country, so this week we're giving them 15% off!
ooh la la! like what???
See Allegro on July 23 & 24 come to the Wheeling WV area for the Upper Ohio Valley Italian Festival !
What is your favorite piece of a musical score from a movie?
high mazheep! :D
Time to set up for another sound check..Contact us for your April and May events!! Party Amante, El Paso’s premier sound!
FUCK didn't know today is the season finale of Spartacus...
awesome! Gotta clear my schedule!
Yeah but if I lose I'm out.
I can read.. I told you already that I will change it. I CAN'T AT THE MOMENT.. Nevermind what I was gonna say. Bye.
Ah yes, we love that fabulous dessert created by ! My fav was the peanut butter cookies w/ sorbet!
awesome...you should do it!
Dedication: PEDRO ANTONIO MIRANDA, Para Pedro Antonio Miranda, we miss you. Tu amiga, Ivon Perez
Anyone wanna help me get to 800 followers? Shout me out and RT this. :D
#gdconline #rossborden...this guy knows what he is talking about
Sorry. It's the web service not recognizing that code. Paste this into Spotify's search: spotify:track:5f6igUw1asUL4AGXSvgTW8
thanks man!
Ok so they don't give Duke calls????
Definitely beats my strawberry protein shake!
I think like 5/6th of my tweets have been tryin to get u to follow me & I have over 4,000 tweets so will u PLEASE follow me!<3
i punched myself in the face trying to fix my boob/bra situation. Is this considered a #whitegirlproblem?
Good Morning, on my way to work! #salonflow thanking God in advance for productivity all day long.
All I wanna do is drink some tea, I've got a feeling I'm not the only one...
Seriously Cardinals! This is a World Series!
I like it!
Lunch time with the Tampa and Utah youth delegates.
work and catchin up on classwork all week =[ WARPED THURSDAY!!! WHERE THE AFTER PARTIES AT?!
Had a wonderful, amazing & lovely weekend thanks to my wonderful boyfriend, :)
yeah....about that no we couldn't throw it the ocean maybe 2 threes it was a strug fest
Lotion? Check. Tissue? Check....Picture of Tiger Woods?.......Check I'm ready for a good week.
heehee...is that basically all about how to avoid getting involved in other people's issues?
HMG hit 200 followers today!!!! Thanks so much to all of you for your interest and support!
Shut yooo mouth
I don't imagine Parcells would want to take the Saints job, even only for a year.
If you spend more than 4k a month on PPC you should consider a recapture program. It is the next logical choice for the budget spent on SEM.
best song ever! you're welcome for introducing it to you!
Hey Bro!! Hope you win it!!
hm. jolly ranchers for breakfast?
OMG it's EXCLUSIVE now!!! LOVE knows no boundaries!!! I have NOT felt this amazing in HONESTLY FOREVER!!!
Our #Government claims they #Buried #BinLaden at sea.. #BullShit, They didn't bury him. They #Fed him to the
": Wooosah !" Some breathing techniques and I learned in lamaze might help you. Lol
Every Little Thing That We Do , Should Be Between Me And You ;)
Laying on the couch watching movies all day. Tonight playing tennis!
my birthday is in 363 days!! ..
Yea, I can def. relate. Sometimes helps to find ways to get your mind off the cash flow, though, if you can find them.
Keep a #gym bag packed with everything you need for the gym by the door or in your car. Then just grab and go!
Pretty sure my dad and I are the only people under the age of 60 in the cardiologist office
PSA: when wearing a sundress & sitting in the sun on a plastic chair be sure your dress isn't stuck & showing your bottom when u stand up
Today I career advised an MLS student, a soon-to-be retiree, and a potential library director. They were all so awesome!
#TURF is the BEST
Thanks for the luck! Sending some your way as well! Have a great day
I don't remember most of my classes, but I learned Algebra well & everything else was too confusing
You know what looks amazing? Your photo splashing the cover of our new anthology! I think you'll be quite happy.
Do you happen to know of any projects on the history of agriculture that make use of digital tools?
Yess thank you! I just need a pen just in case D:
They used to
I'm going to start calling you Jackson, the Enigmatic. ;)
Udo Janz, UNHCR head in Sarajevo at the time, says is a household name for women in Bosnia.
yay! bring some friends with! :)
After Colin made a squirting noise in his diaper, Jess says, "I call 'not it' on whatever that was."
This is the one year anniversary of the Beatification of Blessed John Paul II
First down bitches
Just saw on CNN #MittRomney kissing off African Americans. Why, Mit?
#ThirstyThursdayPartyBlock ask about them.
Happy Birthday & Congrats to Bakersfield's Derrick Byars on his call-up today to the San Antonio Spurs!
Wish they had stayed, but probably a bigger loss in the locker room and on the air than on the field
amen! Go vols
what's good
now that's what I'm talking about. Let's teach the Hall a lesson.
Me too. I root for the dentists' and plumbers' horses.
My recommended post-work wind-down: Go to the Bookery Nook and buy a good novel. Then head over to House Restaurant for a cocktail. Bliss
Found a new app to update twitter, foursquare and Facebook
You were right,
Lee Hacksaw Hamilton former SDCharger playbyplay on the death of Jr.Seau at 6:15 on NWSports Tonight
if ur down for laying bricks today come pick me up, im at mcdonalds at howell mill using their wifi
Fried rice is my kryptonite
LMMFAO OK!!!! Good night
Spent an hour on the way home today photographing random signs/storefronts in Niagra Falls. Absolutely loved the history there.
4 am at the apple store. New mbp crashed and won't turn on. Flight into San Diego in a few hours. Then we hop the border
Rise & Grind Tweepz!! We gettin it in early today!! Team
disco nap!
if they don't want to give you their info, rumor has I would have been winner #22.. ;)
just good to catch up with family talk about the good old days and party like its the first event I ever attended
I predicted that the Thunder would be spanking the Laker's ass but not this bad! Haha :)
Thank you for your patience, Mr. Assad. I believe you're next.
Happy to hear it, Florence! We think you're all that and a bag of chips...like really good chips.
Thanks! You better come to the next one!
So there's pics of jayz & beyonce bby surfacing but I wonder if thts their actual daughter *shrugs* lil girl is cute tho
you coming to ny ?
in the morning...sneezy...just sneeze a sneeze before you leave...ooohoo.
Visiting Angels San Jose is a senior homecare agency which offers a range of services in elderly care
no problem, and of course!
bad ass
Lesbian Sex is 1OOO times better than straight sex HANDS DOWN !
Enjoy deals at bars with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
I found you.
Important meeting today! Hoping, praying, but keeping in perspective :) Blessings tweeters...
Dude comes into work today that looked a bit like young Jonathan Taylor Thomas. <3 SO cute.
playing now=]
Hanging out with the cutest baby ever
LOL... I think there are a lot of closeted sim players.
Indeed! Seconding the thanks.
Shoe shopping with my fiance ugh!
Of course my phone decides to freeze the minute my boyfriend's name to walk accross the stage! I'm soo proud of you babe!!!!!!!!
Hey text me back please
You deserve it! You are doing a great job! :-)
But seriously, Its a pretty awesome gift. Ally did great. :]
RT! Excited to announce date of next #CNNDialogues April 18th w/ speaking on #Poverty in
follow back?:)
was thinking of going to the #Burgh tonight. but no one will tell me whats going on.
Check out the March 2012 Vet Dek! WWVC just released our ad for spring! Also take a look at The Veterinary Practive Journal page 74! Thanks
Breaking News: The GOP's desperation pick, Herman Cain plans to dry clean his suits this week.
Listening to tyga in p.e. >>>>>
He has Alzheimer's. There were heartbreaking moments, while others were filled with pure joy. There was a lot to take in.
Latest offender? Passwords must be between 6-10 characters and letters/numbers only. REALLY? What is this, 1997?
The flower pushes up and up, working, wondering, 'How long is this going to take?' And then, in an unexpected moment, it sees the sun fo ...
btw pretty sure the guy getting a tatt at the same time was like yakuza
I have a suspicion that reads Metafilter (or is a MeFite). Which is awesome!
#FamousMamaQuote turn that off!!! You don't pay no bills!!!!! LMAO
Had to take hair done
Aww now I miss u!
What could truck drivers possibly expect from you by obnoxiously honking and winking at 70mph? Abnormal.
Are you there God ? Its me Swabbies, can you let Mother Nature know the the thermostat is stuck. Thank you.
Unfortunately I am too :(
I know when people are talking about me. It's obvious...especially when they TRY to not make it obvious. You can't fool me!
is so high she just asked and I if IHOP is still open
#imagine Boy :" Uuh hey sexy whats ur name? You: Ahm i´m (ur name). Niall:" Uhm hey and this is my hand that will punch u if u dont go.
Yes! I think he could provide a good balance of offense and defense. He also could go toe to toe with Torts in a war of words
Sustainable model of digital humanity scholarship adoptable by other liberal arts colleges
ok im gonna cook dinner and im thinkin spaghetti yumm yumm i still want some goodies i need some friends
Hey john
Be Bopped all day - teaching + NJPAC - Antrhopology - Now is the Time Vocalese - kids bopped...
I'm gonna cry <3 please check dm's!!(:
Theres a white girl in town name is cocaaayne.its some dirty boys in town gucci mane & flocka flame!
Publishing today!
The days of digging into a site to find media are over
Am I nuts looking at contracts at this hour?
For any campus/college student, a one page resume is sufficient.
I LOVE San Diego !
"Each tale in this collection is as wild and beautiful and thorny as a heart." - Junot Díaz on Yiyun Li's Gold Boy, Emerald Girl.
he's a really good guy, so there's that...
Conducted an all day media training 4 a GREAT new sports client today. Email if YOU are interested in media training
generating HTML (in perl) that renders properly in email clients including Outlook 2007. more fun than scratching own eyes out?
"uh! : shocker. : On average women say 7,000 words per day. Men manage just over 2000."
what a depresing day.sundays suck
We will let you know soon :) RT : next first Friday is May 4. I wonder what the theme may be... :)
Gentilly NOLA has half of homes back after Katrina. Recovery still needed.
I'm waiting for that beat man!
It takes a minute to have a crush on someone, an hour to like someone, and a day to love someone...but it takes a lifetime to forget someone
so is anyone else going to see tonight ?
Tally of "Merry Christmas" texts from unrecognized numbers: FIVE
F-A-I-L Fail...couldnt find u...
Man fans must be sad folks? Wait what you say? Their are no fans left! Great job Mike!!!
I'll be sure to give you plenty of discounts on women's clothing nick haha
I'm going to change a fantasy team name to this, trust it.
I am seeing #pre-fall shoes on already...
RT : Win a trip to VEGAS! For your chance 1) Follow us 2) RT this message along with 1 word that best describes VEGAS.
Nice touch #webwise, reading rainbow theme song after keynote.
Seems Netflix users would rather the company stay good at the old business (mail) than gt good at the new one (streaming).
"I used to be a JoBros fan. They dissapeared. " If you say this, imagine me giving you a cyber slap!
Just finished listening to a bunch of songs and I loved them all!!!
“: been playing around with It's like Yelp and Pinterest had a beautiful baby together.” Thanks!
fittin' to technological singularity
RT : RT : #SGATL "scrummasters encourage your team to be problem solvers not dogma followers"
I think that MTV thing we sent in might actually be for a show! Lol unless it's just an online thing
Cir. Judge Leval (USCA, 2d Cir.) rules in In re: Delta Air Lines, Inc. case involving the construction of provisions in leveraged leases.
It's all about us<3
have a good weekend!! xx
Thanks, Stephan! Very much appreciate the feedback!
Definitely found my new Saturday night spot to party at. I'm not telling yall where tho. Lol
gahh. i think your close! i got section GA, row GA2, seats 194-196!
Im Kind of sleepy now.
Voting makes me angry at people.
RT : RT "Small local businesses benefit too when companies grow globally" CEO Chris Policinski tells crowd
If they make such a thing, I have been living a cruelly sheltered life.
“There’s always a wild side to an innocent face.”
thanks ! THIS sunday?
Seeking the right agent for L.A/NY
still bored
probs due to my peer editing! Lol, jk you're pretty smart. Good job!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I wonder of the people on this bus can hear my headphones, their so loud atm
hi, I love you and I miss you. We are hanging out soon, k thanks <U+E418><U+E328>
Look at you 2. lol Jealous of us I see. lol It's all good. 2 each it's own huh.
This game may be an east coast rivalries, but these auto and manufacturing commercials are pure
is there a bad restaurant in SF? Think not.
oh :p
all highs no lows brobro. My b I was at the Avengers last night when you called.
seriously and my coffee isn't working!
Its easy E time
hey -- actually get to Scottsdale once a month....would be great to catch up in nyc
all good stuff. You going to warped tour this summer?
no school tomorrow. They tryna take advantage
I think someone people so fucking stupid. When I post something they just go the fucking wall with the shit.
It's only 12 pm and im in need of a glass of wine to get my thought together
Ew, little girl, your hair is dirty; go wash it!
"What is your Information diet?" asks #w2e AWESOME QUESTION!!
Ugh, I think I'm coming down with a cold..
Hi, I just wanted to thank you again for participating in the #app #giveaway! I love your #autism app! :)
thanks! :D
YES! BRASS! My inner band nerd just high-fived my inner headbanging rocker in celebration. Can't wait to have my face melted!!!!!!!
Just backed up my mom and sister's sites so I can transfer to a new host. If only I'd done the same for mine. Really kicking myself.
Have a class in Oakland til 7:30/8. How long does the celebration last? I'd LOVE to join!
John just said I'm gonna get an iPhone just for instagram and I said that's a really good idea.
Wajcman is curious as to whether cell phone tech will lead to new forms of intimacy but her paradigm is "doing family on the move"
Goodmorning my loves!
twinkilicious?! i missed that one...
are you here at sxsw? Been in bloggers lounge couple of times and hardly knew anyone
Oh my. I gotta wake up super early again tomorrow for Mothers Day Brunch at the Peabody. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> least there will be lots of food! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
nice resource page. Thank you!
it is unusual for me.
In my peach party dress, no one dared, no one cared to tell me where the pretty girls are..
pahahaha day automagically improved. thank you
let's make sure snowshoeing is included.
ok will do
thanks!! it was one of the questions we submitted
My weekend: ThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesisThesis!
Really? come on, its 2012. Niqqahs need to grow up. smdh!!
I'm the kind of person whose kindness is mistaken for flirting. <U+2665>
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great day! Stop on in tomorrow and receive any two TOP SHELF grams for a $30 donation!!
Well if there had been a Celtics logo on those kicks, i would have "C"een the pic in a more positive light.
Welcome back
OMG 20 MILLION Followers!!! LOVE YOU JB
I can't believe how comfortable these Bose AE2i are. Only downside is, I wish they went a tad bit louder.
we will look into this for you if you provide the route#
Fixin' to go to bed. Goodnight, tweeters. :)
My fan page you 'like' at the top, my personal you send a friend request. :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PATTIE!!!!!!
I was shooting for a similar % with my Bills but couldn't quite pull it off.
BEST NIGHT IN AWHILE!!
Thanks for following me!
That happened to me today, too! Only replace Quiznos with Falbo bros! Good thing I'm not evil and thieving...
Call me if you get some time, I'm here all day
word. you listened to ? that's my fam
My dad passed away this morning, just 45 days after mom. He couldn't live without her.
Lefty is headed to #NN11 come visit me at booth 706 and get yours!
Emory U. Dr. Monica Walker: Listening to music at age 7, doing crossword puzzles (not 60 or 70) forestalls dementia.
WELL IF THEY DIDN'T MAKE FIFTY MILLION QUIZZES, I WOULDN'T BE FORCED TO TAKE THEM!
whats up with your depression?
LA Font should be around 11pm. Hope that helps! :)
Sadly, yes...
how's it feel to know I had to pretend the 4 ball was an 8 ball so we could keep playing bc u suck so bad at pool
I'm not sure mobile devices need to be in daily instruction. I would rather not use tech to simply use tech.
"TORNADO DRILL!! HOWEY'S HERE!!"
ha, but that's just four hours before i wake up
the tool with the sunglasses
I like you... You like me... Do you make a move? No. ._.
My cuticles are rebellious and unruly. It's a constant battle with them.
Usually I jump right outta bed, but these last few days, that hasn't been the case.
I'm glad we get to foot the $16 mil bill for this circus...
Next game starts soon. Once we have 1000 members we will increase rewards :-)
happy I can tell my daughters that we *can* see women play pro soccer! Now, when will play at Century Link field?
Thanks for the #FF!
okay im would not waste your time i have some heat you have to trust me on this for real
oh no your signed book got ruined?
Words Of Deliciousness: Roasted Vegetables
Edible apps: INRFOOD for ingredients reveal, FOODUCATE for nutrition scores. Books: Pam Corbin's Preserves, At Elizabeth's Table, Plenty.
Enjoy your Sunday with the ones you love. Remember, tomorrow is not promised.
R.I.P. Junior.
I'm watching #GossipGirl with !
Heading out a great outing at Ironwood to benefit Little Sisters of the Poor. (cc )
right back at you! ALWAYS a fun time with you.
#goodtimes with old friends
what's happened? Yet again ive missed it!
Shes great on the piano but she sucks on the organ
Name this Movie Quote: "Gets down to what it’s all about, doesn’t it? Making the wrong move at the right time."
so rude
My favorite is the Turkish get-up. Because it's called the Turkish get-up.
did you burn any couches or flip over any cars?
I like your work on deviant art. Thanks for the follow on Twitter. Now following back.
This must not include VUMC food. re: #Vanderbilt dining services ranked 6th among USNWR Top 20 schools.
Dam they took both of my wisdom teeth out
it always rains on my drive home :(
haha you a mess
stop it! Minicamp starts today! We can always make fun of DallASS fans or give WASH fans seizures over their QB controversy
my baby sis got her ears pierced. going to be putting before and after pics soon. (:
Spent the last hour playing with my stage lights. Going to be a lot of fun the next few stage shows. :)
I want something i don't have it, when i finally get it i don't want it. -.-
Sitting in the library next to one of the loudest mouth breathers in the universe.
Those old-school dense neighborhoods you like and want to re-create? Built before the emergence of planning as discipline, mostly
remember that time I did my impression in tinychat?
If you ever think you're crazy, watch #preppers on the history channel. Chances are, these people are worse.
Eating Chicken Adobo with Babe (;
We Need HELP! we would truly appreciate it if you would follow us at www.twitter.com/sunsetimusic and www.facebook.com/sunsetislandmusic
Chillin at the space, my fingers are itching to play.one more hour till shred time.
": Man I see dos pacers like damn man Bosh iss da Goddamm indiana pacers" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> she needs to quit.
has unhappy tutors who want more hours for spring than I have budget for.
Also, it would be interesting to see the difference in tv ratings if Game 1 of the world series was tonight vs Heat/Celtics...smart move MLB
RUT Hockey is wishing you a Good Sunday!
Who's the goofball that didn't wear a jacket today? This guy.
Peanuts are an acidic food. Almond butter and sunflower seed butter are excellent alkaline alternatives!
1Co 16:13 Watch! Stand fast in the faith! Be men! Be strong!
Putting on varnish coat #2. We're getting there!
Were you able to get them?
It's like I gain a whole month on everyone else by not filling out a bracket.
Keep dat hungry mind set
well my laptop is a pretty hot piece of equipment.... ;D
yes she is. Hah
lol no. and i dont think id even like that.
Thank you for the posts. Love to see some pictures. Dana Law San Diego
our plans are similar. Mine is to marry a pro athlete...NFL preferably, but I'm an equal opportunity dater.
#YouWereCuteUntil I saw u eating eww :(
I can't wait till I'm old enough to forget all the dumb stuff I did when I was young.
IHOP steak omlete, whole grain & nut pancakes with butter pecan syrup...need I say more?
yesterdays event was amazing I performed once again... pictures coming up soon.
Why do the #sabres always have a hard time with Atlanta/winnipeg? Humbug.
check out that velocity couplet on that Medford, OK tornado!!
A person can look real talk real act real n at the same time be real fake smh
Thanks cupcake. I love you high as the sky (:
We are forever researching better techniques and products that provide quality results for a lower cost to our customer.
not true. They are 1-4 when scoring first
cooking is as easy as reading and following instructions.
Actually, the message said, "Hi, this is Judge-Executive Voegele over in Oldham County calling you." #googlevoicefail (2 of 2)
Just met with the Vision McMillan Partners team for a "deep dive" into their proposed transportation plan. They gave me at least 2 or 3 mins
#Giants. On the road. NFC Championship. Overtime. It's like déjà vu all over again.
goodmornign lexi have a great day i love you <3 :)
Floridians. STOP walking in front of my truck!! And for the love of god.. at least try to hurry.
I love Gun Stores.
that means your probably tall. Or your parents are little people.
I'm super stoned. I wanna tweet stuff about how awesome of a childhood I had
Hehe I look like a wet dog with my natural hair
Will announce QBM vendors soon- who's excited?
We are learning, too, that the love of beauty is one of Nature's greatest healers
Gimmicky, absolutely, but the Google Maps 8-bit skin speaks directly to my late-80s Dragon Questing soul.
Early Registrations For The 16Th Annual MLK Grande Parade-Houston Are Being Accepted..For More Information Log Onto www.mlkgrandeparade.org
#What's a #guy #gotta #do #to #get a #couple #more #followers?
Take a moment and remind yourself of your goals. Is what you're doing right now getting you closer to them, or moving you further away?
Sells out faster every year! Also, the lineup this year blows last year OUT OF THE WATER. Awesome!
It's the final day of Showcase rehearsals !
Thanks for the heads up about that page!(:
Guys are stupid and that's that.
I wanna go where everyone goes, I wanna know what everyone knows.
Guys who can rock the messy hair look >>>
Realize you made a mistake, don't you think for a second you can come back to me.
cable I WANT cable and on demand and then while I'm at it: 50 million $$$ thank you!!!
Do you plan on implementing collaboration tools at your business?
I would rather go to public school then be home schooled 1st u have a lot of work 2nd u don't meet new ppl 3 I like meeting new ppl
being able to speak different languages is awesome!
I haven't heard of it. Please tell me more!
any word on when remote access for comcast customers will be turned on?
I'm not wrong? That's a day.. Its the YEAR 2012, of illuminati
smh my cousin was playing on my phone and he reported you as spam. That lil fucker
i was born with this hair , if i see one string .. somebody gone be fuckedddd up !
had a weird dream last night that the middle east was in turmoil
Spoke to #SDSU tix office. BB season tix going through roof! Possibly no reserve tix left before season starts. Better hurry.
had me ctfu! Today : ) , gottah love her
Today was a good day
Lots of great ideas being pitched at #scdsm. It will be hard to choose a winner.
great #Packers buzz! I felt the wrath of your superb Kevin Greene voice.
can't stop picturing that guy high fiving himself every morning
watching nip tuck repeat
Inadvertently had mediocre sushi for lunch today. Still annoyed by that.
Hilarious ride with Clyde and pooh bear
Difficult travel last night. Weather at BWI. flight cancelled. Amtrak to dc. Metro to pentagon. Hilton shuttle to Alexandria.
So funny, I am having a Beyonce/Destiny's Child fest today. 62 tracks on repeat/shuffle.
That's fascinating and I would imagine a little frustrating?
We Love Our Demi :D
KARMA a bitch so I fucked her!
I love you and !! we need to have skype video chat soon. txt me :)
oh please! I prob don't know either. Lol
Thanks for the kindess. Y'all rock.
dude no way you're getting some ink What are you permanently putting on your body? xD
I still want some jerk chicken
Haven really thought about him today...
Yikes - rendering issues with site using IE7 .. Believe I have it somewhat functional at the moment.. Sorry about that!
Do the two laps around the track one!!!
No problem! I love your bbq and stop by whenever I'm in the area.
if you do end up leaning toward a MBA, wait, cause a new one will be out soon. Cc:
RT Your destiny is too great to let anyone keep you from moving forward. Choose to forgive and live free.
good man. Looking forward to this week. U? New place?
I'll go if you need a ride I'll drive you.
Talkin bout an athletic family, them Jones brothers is somethin else
omg, lucky! D:
Join CMHE for “Connecting Mind Body Health: Finding Wellness Through Complimentary Medicine” April 28, 2011 www.texashumanities.org.
What up? Unfocused meaning they offer amazing beer but it seems not in tandem w/evolving menu, nor as accessible.
Fuck you burger king
so when do I see your face?
Glad to reach another milestone! Random winner will be announced tomorrow. Thanks for all the support #GEEBZ fans!!
Thank you for participating in Chocoholic! You all rock!
Yeah for Criminal MInds coming in on this list. Goes to show that there are alot of people that love this show as much as we do, and CBS
#middleschoolmemories having the closest group of friends ever. we've grown up and grown apart, but i still love all you girls. :)
« "One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals." -Michael Korda»
It's funny how tweets about NASCAR, but he won't explain why he said women should be treated like they have mental illnesses
I love you. But I don't like you.
Spoke w/ "Mile High" Mike Alvarado's camp this afternoon. "We'll keep you in the loop" regarding 7.14.12 fight vs JMM
def great dinner and champagne other than that unsure
absolutely. It can't be something you tackle alone, although you can always be the starting point for change.
I just wanted to say hello from Colorado :)
WOW! I'm a bit of a hand guy and you've got a gorgeous specimen there!
Time for the season finale of Downton Abbey on
Super happy for #Tiger Woods' regaining his winning ways!
Juan Monaco wants this!
On the agenda for one meeting this afternoon and then....off to
love that movie
Yes i'll put on a show! ;) RT : sexy can i visit you at work , while you sliding down the pole , no panties no shirt ?
How did I get so drunk?
U have a problem w JES Its unfair for u to eliminate him based on your personal feelings instead of his talent SHAME ON U!
#futureready Hope new ed.plan grants every child virtual portfolio/1:1 Support kids as creators/college material/innovators
2 extraordinarily brainy, witty women, on 1 show, tomorrow night! PLUS = Genius overload!
bought a bag of chips but got half a bag of air instead... thanks popchips
yes! RT I wish dj drama would relax w/ all that talking and those dry jokes on mixtape now
vet clinic, just saving lives you know. Nbd lol
watch it Mr! YES, you can do many things with your mind. Positive thinking my friend! Trust me- I've made it this far. right?
yes i'm sad lexie gone thats jacced up
You have no idea how mad I am.
hey Markie, what's up buddy?
Rookie Mistakes.....smh
I hold a B.S. degree; Related courses - Oral Communications; Survey of Mass Media; Introduction to Radio / TV; Elementary Radio Productions
yeah I'm mad!
was this written by the girls in my seventh grade class?
Come celebrate Fenway's 100th Anniversary with us today! We'll be giving away a FREE Pool Party to every 100th guest that comes in!
just found my ticket to showbiz lol that ugly chick from the movie bridesmaids works out at my gym
I'm rooting for Eli this time just because Tom Brady wins too much. #SUPERBOWL #NFL ELI! Brady needs to be sacked more...
Happy birthday to me. And my birthday buddies. #party! #cakeparty :) xx
yea, wet dreaming!!!! lol. J/p Luh ya boo!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I've only used Goodreads. Don't remember how I ended up there. Q8
Have some very special people at PLAY tonight. Let's make it a night for them to remember!
A co-worker of mine was late getting back from her lunch break. We asked her, and she said that a guy she had left with at the start of h...
Niall and Ohhmydirection is trending ?? What??
#savektru RT : I hereby disown my alma mater, sir. not a dime. ever again. you're dead to me.
is there luggage storage in AMS airport if I leave to see the city on a 12hr layover?
ha! You better believe it!
"Draw Something": does it have staying power? Definitely the hot game of the week. My FB friends playing it seems to double daily..
Doing good! Have a great Friday!
nah I seen that but my son had his first video shoot today..I rented out shea middle school for em.. video was dope
just had a conversation with shhelby about how takes FOREVER to text back!
You can text your vote too! Send 101861 to PEPSI (73774) from your mobile phone! Thanks for supporting these talented troops!
The tax on cigarettes and alcohol don't really do much good. They help tax money, and at the same time hurt families. They're not needed.
Nice HR today!
#LilTwistIsBoss Becausee he hass SWAG & he has more Girls then you could ever Dream about getting !
“: Canceled flight last night, missed my half today. #runchat” where were u supposed 2 run?
love every time i feel james move
When you are lying in bed, almost asleep and your leg jerks it is called hypnagogic myoclonus
:) RT : This looks delicious! Now just get Steve to make this for you!
A special shout out to the 2012 Philadelphia Team known as The Stepchildren and captain John Daskilewicz.
Where is the queens sxsw footage????? Anyone?????
#FF great people and influences
RT "I am hoping this year the #HHAwards are catered by Jumbo Slice." -the lovely ladyfriend
do you know What time the monsignor Martin final fours start tomorrow
are you doing the schooling show on Saturday???
im free to do whatever i want
everyone has prom pictures and stuff up... and i'll be putting up pictures from bamboozle
Grand Champion Steer went for record-breaking $112,000
“: In 2020, it will be 4/20 for a whole month.”
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! We're so thankful and lucky to have such great (and good looking) supporters and friends, fuck yeah yall rule!
TOMORROW NIGHT: film screening of "Call & Response", a documentary on the reality of human trafficking, in the Heights Room at 7PM
Just woke up and my socks are missing. Omfg!? I hate when this happens aha.
Ah.... though Windows Speaker properties said I was set to 5.1.. Creative Sound Console was set to 2.1... fixed that.. now I gets my BAAASSS
Oh ik what's going through ur mind right now....
it seems like you dont care anymore :/
and I were crushed to learn that Tex's Cactus Ranch is no longer serving brunch. Boo www.foodfightinc.com
Who remembers what today is?!?!
ah, you mean Country Breakfast. They pinch ran for him in the 8th
its so good...... So good. Idk what the controversy was all about that shit was incredible.
Thanks for the RT, darlin'. How are you?
hey gurll Ikr! We diffently have to talk more!! :D
: Nice. Feel free to plagiarize the living daylights out of that thing whenever and for whatever purpose.
Got my letter from HKUST this morning and I'm going to Hong Kong for the Summer!
way to come through tonight T Clutch! Beast mode! I'm out.
Dying in brophaloafff practicing dance till I die
Free poster and pin as well!
u still sulking?
RT "I am filled with good ideas and good memories" - Lucy (my 3 yo niece)
where you at?
Who do u think should play Christian and Ana in "50 Shades of Grey?" My vote is for Ian Somerhalder and Amanda Seyfried. Debate is on...
Welcome, so happy to help. “: GINORMOUS shoutout to my friend , who just pulled me out of a floundering tech issue!"
your bids are ready sir.
I Had an amazing time tonight with watching her sing to me and swing her pretty hair and seeing her smile. I loved it all.
On my way to cheapjacks gonna strangle me!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
everybody working for the weekend
I mean, we have our nuts on the left, but you don't see serious candidates catering to the "bush planned 9/11" crowd.
A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind. Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
Hate when a dept reports work done when it wasnt. More frustrating-when it's a whole neighborhood. Yes, I actually check
First Soy Nog of the Season! Yay!
tired myself...ugh. I need a vacation.
Something tells me Dan will be pretty busy with Beer Week stuff then!
Family Style small plates? Who knew? Plus, thanks for calling us the small plate pioneer. I almost broke my arm patting myself on back :)
I cannot express in words how much pleasure #applecider brings into my life. :) Lol thought 's sentence was funny so I borrowed
What Movie?
My brand of Feminism doesn't demonize heterosexual masculinity. The goal is equality, not superiority.
Awesome. Let us know when you find one. RT : Scouring the net for Jack Hoffman ringtones.
Yikes how bout all these white ladies wearing "Navajo" prints
Blahh I know that already... I guess you just had a lot of transfer credits Nevermind lol
In good spirits! 2 year anniversary today:-)
It's all thanks to the work of our PCs! RT : thank you for the good work you do!~
Our office admins are transitional housing clients of First Step Staffing. Will contact you to schedule w Kwanza.
Exercise bikes/core workouts here I come
#Secret from the vault #2: One of our Extreme Dads likes to watch Kardashians and other bad reality tv! he he he
Had a tough day.... Hope tomorrow is better!
My mom is the best! Shes a tough cookie!
Today in 1987, I Just Can't Stop Loving You (Michael Jackson with Siedah Garrett) was a hit.
Might be Taking my Talents to Florida
The First Friday Juerga starts in a few hours! See you at Solo Flamenco!
Hi Jim, I tried to message you but it said you have to follow me for me to message you.
Thanks!! Means a ton coming from you.
/// Ha......I lost 3 followers. I guess they were Laker fans.
Headphones? Check. Going for a long walk!
hack me i bored?
Teehee! Mujer, I can't wait!
particularly to those who need to go to school. And this is why there are an increased number of people
Adorable! Happy Birthday Sweet Lillian ;-)
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage
Give It Time Despite a tough postseason, tt's too early to write off Russell Westbrook.
No amount of coffee can keep me awake rite now :/
when will my reflection show, who I am inside.
If goes to Den will care. RT Classic A.J. Smith on Peyton's next destination: "I don't know, and I really don't care"
He want me ta call him ; unmmmm
relaxing & laughing.
your picture is in the newest edition of Las Vegas Weekly!
Watching Dance Moms with my sis this director is crazy! #doesshedance?
I'm really bored so I'm gonna do random stuff on here
DO NOT GO :'( i'll see you at school tomoroww :) x
I need a real fucking man not a lil boy
my friends yelled at me for giving my mum an early mothers day gift but they dont knw that she wont be home tomrow..dont judge if u dont knw
thanks for the retweets!
What just happened?
Thanks for the follow Wendy!
Got the job! Starting Monday. Back to getting up early lol
I just got so much accomplished during my run and still managed to stay under an hour
Yeah me neither I'm okay for like an hour or so them I'm right back at it!
Another night, another sortie. Good work by my wingman Fig.
ugh... i like both Louis and Bubba... both should win - can they just split the green jacket? just kidding. =0)
haha that face :P do you enjoy making thousands of girls swoon when you post a silly picture of yourself? Of course you do ;)
The truth comes out alittle at a time.
Well, did you?
idk what it is, but twitter needs to get it together.. or we will have some problems.. lol
Inter-state snack exchange has been mailed.
im just saying i wish you were more appreciative, thats it
good god. I was really set on an upset..........
lol just workin in the studio with a new producer. its gonna sound so awesome! what bout you?
see when it is and are we going this time
So we did the drawing for the $50 gift card to Jakes Restaurant and the winner is - Congrats Joe
Hahaha! Awww, that's sweet. You're pretty impressive too boi. {smiles}
"Ready Or Not" will change lifes
Good stuff! MT Help us choose a winner! Visit www.ontargetsite.com to check out some branding work & vote 4 On Target's logo
HE'S UGLY. :O
I'll tell you about her when I get back. She's something special.
It is cold as hell in ATL and hell is suppose to be hot
'Magic Mike': At EW's photo shoot
Get at for beats
My new motto is ... Peace , Be Still
I heart falafel! You better believe we will be stopping if we are anywhere closeby. Thanks for the insider tip.
“: Positive cash flow means you don't have confidence in your business model. #valuecreationonsandhill” : True story, haha!
#cwebodymedia Christine is a mom and was a competitive ice skater into her 30's!
AIG sells tokyo real estate for $1.8 billion.
yayayay you should fill it out ASAP if you wanna do it!!
welcome back sunny weather just for you!
Email me at
going to the dinosaur exhibit akslfhsox c:
Do you have friends that have never heard of GEMINI? If you answered "yes"...that's a shame. Take a second and address that issue. LOL
we're hitting tonight at red kiva with tix are only $10!
i will tell you that you are not on my mind as i go out to a table set for two.
1st major league hit is a 3 run go ahead bomb off Papelbon in the 9th. Enjoy it big fella
Talent is overrated
kallie's wearing a white dress in honor of this!
Pretty little liars season finale tonight!(:
#kindlefire initial review - not a bad device, not quite a small #iPad, but close enough, bit heavier than I prefer, plenty responsive tho
great game Justin!! On to San Fran! Go Big Blue!!
The best music is yet to come
No it's called an iPod
Missed it. Rats : 3 hours until the Farmer's Market! Happy Healthy Hump Day!!
Me and my girls; yep, we're tight like spandexx.(: haha,
don't hate the player, hate the game
$25 menu Butter braised tokyo turnips Tagliarini with basil, pine nuts and fromage blanc Almond cake with whipped cream and rhubarb
Hard day today. FT job + writing = tired!
I kno I kno I kno we're gona make it ....I promise you...lol >:D
dont forget to come stop by while you are in town!
I'm glad you understand me
In San Francisco for the night and loving it!
wanna go to cedar point?
Did he make it?
That's the truth. ": if you don't cry you're heartless :'("
Greek yogurt with chopped almonds, honey and cinnamon. Hit the spot!
Not at all. Honored to be quoted! :D Thx, Ned!
Just landed fresno One Word hot!
2 years all u bitches will c what the fuck is up!
kicking must be pretty cool!
Bands performing this year - Y3K, Reno Jones, The Night Doctors & Hot Flannel(formerly Old School the Band)
Morning Indra! How are you & mum? I'm heading to Jacksonville, FL for a conference today. Long drive ahead.
Thanks to our new followers: , , , , , ! Hope you can join our next event!
Look for upcoming tweets on where to find our Prince Royce interview & we'll be posting pictures of the event coverage. Don't miss it!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!)
Guy beside me orders salmon. Like reverse Febreeze. Entire place smells like a wharf. Ugh.
Why pull Lucroy in this situation? Please don't burn us George
Nikola Pekovic named 3rd Most Improved Player in the NBA! Go Timberwolves!
“If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're misinformed.“ Mark Twain
testing out
Regular meeting tonight at 8 pm on Leavey 3. Who's excited?
Dr. Green started a health info website for parents. Developed a health intelligence form to address common questions.
I know what you mean!
hey im not hating it haha saves me from any awkward moments that may have occured
Lives are changed when the Gospel is exposed.. & NOT when we try and legislate morality. We have got to learn that..
I think I accidentally unclicked!! Following again!!!
I'm an aye!
There is more to life than increasing its speed. Gandhi
I'm there!!
One more day!!!!
sounds good, can't wait!
You try so hard and all you do is get slapped in the face
you crazy haha
I'm hearing some nice buzz about it. Congrats.
#USAToday #highered reporter looking for college students who have tried the #ipad. Send me comments and contact info via direct message.
end of march
60-90's music >>>> today's music.
Lol RT They must be doing what they always do: fact-check, independently confirm, and carefully craft a sensitive headline.
12 more days until the Sidewalk Sale and Children's Book Giveaway ! Saturday, April 28th 12-5
It's one of them nights <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Just educated 300 4th and 5th graders on the importance of reading labels
most definitely! your welcome. xoxo.
Seem to have caught my sweater on fire......
demi , you are such an inspiration .
Thank you for the mention that is very nice of you! Hope things are going well for you :-)
wow! Congrats on the engagement and internship. So happy for U
The humidity in Seattle is making my hair curl. It's like my inner Jew-fro is trying to break free.
just saw Sue Ward on a CHC commercial. Said "I am a Cardinal". Guess not when she was teaching us Physics.
Well said.
Mars Volcanic Glass May Be Hotspot for Life
Bryzgalov made a great glove save, but he is still shaky. #Pens need to keep foot on the gas. #Flyers are not fazed by this 2-goal hole.
love Spotify, but have you ever considered playing a TED talk? I'd say your Inc Live chat... But wouldn't work for you.
anyone know of an online tool to create SEM path diagrams that are as easy as LISREL? (i.e., point & click) (yes I realize it's Fri night)
nahh i didnt for get about u lmao(: message me 4 my address
Rule Crafts Art amp Crafts Ep1IntroducingFt FaZe Mozey - clip art cowboys
was his first cop Concords or Chicago X's? Haha maybe it was red foams???
So afraid it's gonna end now....
Stuntin all on my old dude styling on you hater <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
So I figure I will marry the $$$$$$$
thanks for the follow!
- Hi - we're putting together a girl's getaway - we're talking about it - alot on facebook - please come and find us....
oh yes, i fully support that decision!
Hungry stomach in rush hour traffic = bad idea! Fill up on delicious food at value prices at Happy Hour instead!
small ears thanks for snagging the coupon yesterday.
when you go to Japan
I love you baby <3 <3
you know you love me! ;)
Alright guys, lets get me to 500 followers!
thinks work is for people who don't know how to fish!
Do you get a free cup of soup with those unis? #looksgoodonyouthough Points given for originality...I guess
enjoying last day of an exhausting but exciting GDC... didn't realize I could walk so far or meet so many people
thank you. :D
thank you! best of luck in your search.
Inspiring words for Latinos by ABC's John Quinones at #USATODAY-sponsored session at American College Personnel Association in Boston
We look a little cray cray! ;)
"The status quo is the only solution that cannot be vetoed. "-Clark Kerr
Of course! We still fondly remember our visit with you guys at beginning of plan DC. Look forward to catching up...
Marchesa on Viola Davis is stunning!!
Marry The Night by: has been in my head all day!
Alright! Nice article Tim. Best of luck with the grant
Most definitely, which perhaps motivates my urge to send people to it so the Landmark will keep it around another week.
gonna need to see this...
Thanks for the RT, be well!
"We have the power to shrink our dreams to fit reality or the power to stretch our reality to fit our dreams"
Excited for 's New Year's party tomorrow!
hahahaha it was useful when I was young, get over it.
I Can Always Bribe My Big Brother With Powder Donuts. (;
CAN'T CONTAIN MY CREYS HAHAHAH
DAMN!!! what the fuck did you do!????
Goodnight....sleep well
Same here, but with potato chips and Bones. :-)
Oh Baby Oh Yeah Yeah Aww Talk Back Hand Ups Radio On With My GirlFriend Just Us Playing Our Song. Then Yeah aint nothing like a summertime
I love being in the Magic City!
Yeah i loved it! Hey check my FB, the poster for Stolen is out.
Junior Seau&#39;s Death Ruled Suicide: Autopsy ... - The Huffington Post
moving now
If I had a cock this is where id tell you to suck it -Betty White
Drinks with my family on the deck <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
is spot-on honest and hilarious. Nobody expects other shows to be everything to everyone, so
Thanks to those who share life's intimacies: pain, joy and confusions
I can't stand when folks say to make a long story short cuz clearly they can't.
Very true RT : Jealousy is nothing more than a lack of self confidence, remember that bitch.
Now I'm starting to think this was a mistake.
omg as soon as i read embarass the crap out of them i couldnt stop laughing. hahah
lol I did, a girl has to pamper herself sometime lol
bored than a mutha work was alrite could have went smooth.
me too!! Wish I had an occasion...
Damn, an ICE agent killed by his 14 year old son... with his gun! smh
We are now averaging 1 feat of strength less than every 2 minutes.... thank god we love wine!!!
Yes it is. We haven't talked in ages. How are you???
cook'n mc's like a pound of bacon!
Cheese Louise, it's windy.
": Feet are gross. I don't even wanna touch my own."
WHAT?! Blasphemy. 5 p.m. at Fado works. See you then!
I can't stand how some people act like their all sweet but in the end their just as fake as barbie.
I've been alright, very moody. But besides that fine
This will hopefully be a lazy Saturday highlighted by a trip to the dry cleaners...
A4: Willingness to collaborate with others outside newsroom, including other news orgs, institutions and foundations.
remember when you got 2 ice creams at carousel?
The president that has incarcerated and deported more #undocumented workers and parents in all U.S. history.
WalMart can use social media to reinvent itself by partnering with social media stars like Ashton Kutcher and the First Lady.
Thanks for following! Hope you enjoyed your time in the D!
yeah , no jk it's just a joke & oh ok I'm gonna text ya
I can't wait till schools over
Zaina is right by my apartment, I love that place!!
Okay, you convinced me :) I'm gonna need more flour though...
Baby show me what it is.
Tonight: The healing and inspirational sounds of Amber Field. LIVE in class. YES <3
JTrek Daily Tip: Park in areas that are well lighted and busy. Try to park close to your destination.
Othello, the sequel? interview at 7:20 am with Saturday Light Brigade at www.slbradio.org
you were so close! We were seats 17 & 18.
hell yea I am !
where in those tweets did I say I hate my life? No I'm blessed. I cut because its a pain reliever. Only Jackie understands.
#SongsToPlayWhileHavinSex bump n grind
Okay , enough horsin' around xP haha , insider :)
What a fabulous group of NY cool biz <shop great paints <cool <like <discount
Knowledge is power especially when it comes to a ruling in a tournament. Learn the basics & find out what rules they are operating by.
sounds good!
: Today (Thursday) / Friday | Would you suggest a good timeframe for us to chat? I'll call you...
‘Unlimited’ Site Licenses! The affordable Music ICT Lab solution from NOTION Music. Email for more info…
not fast enough
Hello from the city of Portland. Thanks for the follow on Twitter
Literally speechless right now
After getting home from work, I cut the grass and went to softball practice. What a day.
#ThoughtsAtAHouseParty the bloods and the crips are here...its time to leave
Amaretto in Full; Speak, Campari; Goodbye to Sazerac; The Beautiful and the Brandy
Wing Night tonight,if you need another fixin. $5 for a dozen. Comedy Open Mic Night at 8pm. Laughs and $2.50 Yuengling Drafts.
We hope you can make it! We're going to make some sweet masks for Halloween.
Did you see the last 5 4 quarters for LeBron? Yeah he averaged about 10 per 4th.
It was a shame that Brawn, the 2nd strongest Transformer, was the 1st to go in the cartoon film.
Seeing ”Think like a Man” so excited for This.
Who are your hunk co-hosts next week. How about getting Malcom Gets (Bdwy/TV star) to co-host -- He's in NYC & he's such a cutie!
Yes! RT : A2:Have patience and listen with an open mind and heart, it will arrive when you are ready.
My brother is jamming out to #peacock right now... I've never been so proud :)
We are hiring at my sams club get on it.. (Apply @ the location)
Feels so good to be the only school in the country that has this whole week off . #DoralAcademy you really nailed it this time.
Oh...forgot...they were out of ribs so I had crab cakes instead. A soul food place out of ribs? Not good. Still...
Engineering tours full, dozens heading to earthquake Sim at #ubuffalo Science Day
OK, good to know (the poster looks super creepy) as I just bought my tickets =)
I can see the Sideways comparison too, which is strange b/c I think FSM & Sideways are very different
Love C25K! Keep at it! I've never been a morning runner, but I love a run in the evening :)
lol it was on the trailer for What To Expect When You're Expecting.
I don't really get what were supposed to do for the wild card city?
Just doing some maintenance to get ready for this year's fest! If you have any specific questions, feel free to send our way!
Today spent the afternoon doing my other passion: decorating! Great day!
Victim of accident is 11-year-old Alexander Katsaros Police said impairment with alcohol or drugs is believed to be a factor.
Just tracked dump for your project, i have a few more tracks that fit what your looking for.
Thank you! Perfect!
Tonight at Varsity Bar! Extreme Heat at 9pm, $5 cover, ladies free! $1 Lonestar, Ziegen, and Pearl. Free parking at University Coop w/cover.
Smokes up, my friend!
Go home, come back to school, finish this paper and work out
RT : "This set is like a kangaroo on its bday: in da pocket," about the
Congrats to the Bulldogs. Sorry I couldn't make it in time AG. Next week's schedule?
is an imposter
NICE JOB! Super glad Walker won. You deserve it.
SO EXCITED
Week that Was Game: YOU vs. Tommy. 222-6000
bout to get weird in Scottsdale tonite
Happy to hear it. Thanks!
I wish I had a talent.
what up Kim?? Hola! C ya Sunday?? Hope soo!!
FLYCANDY is the Leader in E-Mail Marketing! Reach Over 100,000 Inboxes when you advertise with FlyCandy
Any other songs worth checking out that are similar to headlines and over ?
Yes! Please follow her! and, if you're feeling super nice, follow me too and make my life!!!!!!!! :-) <3
RT : Everyone has three lives: a public life, a private life, and a secret life.
RT : The Best
Austin is beautiful
RT : AMEX Fraud Department assumes every charge is fraudulent. Membership has its privileges, I just can't figure out what they are.
lmao. RT : See heres the thing about 90% black (hood) crowds, ALL of em rap so they got the poker face on the WHOLE time
that makes no sense
Party after the party with right now behind beamers
#whendiditbecomecool that you had to spend $$ to make $$? What if I told you of a way to advertise for nothing. No really, I'm serious.
thats what online info gave me. went by symptoms. oh ya me! even looks like pics i found of it.
These damn mosiqitos bit the shit out of my legs this past weekend =\
ahh, well its HOT either way...
how do you meet so many celebrities?
That one person you love spending time with
When it's good, it's good. But when it's bad, it's all bad.
As Betty White says, "getting old is no game for Sissies." lol
Really? I disagree with both points. But I also think it isn't meant to be taken too seriously.
Timberview got beef... oh they probably didn't understand that. ¡Timberview tiene carne de res!
Woke up still feeling off kilter. Hope this workout helps me get it together. Hugs to for the late night empathy & direction
you need to fucking learn your girl has friends
11:30 i think. well im going to be there at 10:45
I'm sorry to bother you. Will u do a book signing n Orlando? If not, I'll buy u dinner here in town.
Tonight is gunna be a
Well if you insist :D Thanks for thinking of me Joel. I'm gonna take a bit of blogging break for my anniversary day though.
": If ur standing near me in South Beach... U having thee best time of yo muthafukin life!!!!"
..Thursday Again? Say its so, say its so!!
RT And Follow Back If You Love Your Fans!! I Will Always Support You Till The End!! #Belieber Forever xoxo #NeverSayNever 4
thanks. I don't know actually. I'd love to know what she thinks. We're buddies with Trevor and he said he really liked it.
We should put nicotine into bacon. Bacon would be more addicting then ever
same! I'm just sitting her listening to it, haha
hm shape up
:P im gonna drag my mom to take me lol or tomorrow i miss school and have my dad take me
Just heard that the college and hospital in Creston were hit by a tornado tonight. Thoughts and prayers to my fellow Iowa tweeps!
Second wind at midnight! Lord help me
thanks for the follow! Definitely could use some tips...
hey, thanks for passing the link on!
Much congrats again on your awesome new addition to the family! :) Maile was one of the cutest pregnant ladies I've seen!
Ok...i think Parachute is my fav song on Future album
we all got them type of issues
of Course you are hunti! I'm Chillin with my favs :)
I won't be able to sleep tonight unless I find out where Bartolo Colon signed.
Seattle BMXers trashed Marginal Way skate park last night. The feud between skaters and bikers heats up again.
#SocialMedia tip #88: Take your customers top 30 questions and turn them into blog posts. Brand yourself as #expert answering your fans!
Thanks for the article, RT, have a good one!
JUST SAID DOES THE CLUB HAVE 10,000$ IN ONES $ BABES CABARET IS ABOUT TO BE OUT OF CONTROL !! .. LOL
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 12
I'll be back tomorrow <U+E404>
~ I wanna go outside & play in the rain<3
Its funny how the #FrozenStrawberryLemonade trending but yet in El Paso its not really hot to have one in this weather... So ya lol
I am soo happy to be here another year! Thank you God, for my talent, my love for people, and my life as Tyme Johnson!
on my way to Virginia Hampton for sons graduation how far are u away
RT : End Racial Profiling Act wld hlp police avoid response based on minority stereotypes, cld have affected #Trayvon investigation
Today I have a meeting with channel 41 for my TV slot this week! What should I wear?! Better yet... What to perform?
#21-James Harrison-OLB-Pittsburgh Steelers
Be aware to the here and now so you can see the magnificence that surrounds you and let it guide you to your Highest Self
The deep hang tonight with So deep I couldn't even post about it til after it was over.
I checked out the Dr. OZ tv show on OWN. How can so many talented people make such a compelling topic ... so boring?
I will NEVER have another "someone is wrong on the internet" moment. I don't, generally, but, yes. What the hell. >.<
Happy Birthday ! (: Hope you have a good one!
Thank you ! And I have to agree - KGW is the best pdx news! =)
I hope you are having a wonderful Easter!
no...your not funny
ALL I WANT FORCHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME! NSN?!
Good start to day at #wiredbizcon good lineup of speakers
killed it bro. You'll like it
Good news! RT : Police have resolved the situation at the SDSU Trolley Station. All buildings and station now open.
All gone, but if you drag yourself to Seattle, I'll make up for it.
I can't stop tweeting about
cheer up emo kid.
Traffic. Late. <3
Happy New Year, Ana. I hope that 2012 is all u hope it 2b!!
Great content starts with listening.
Got the apple (check), needle (check), shoe (check)-- ready to film "Sprinkles and Sparkles"
that's why I waited for high school they have more choices. I'm taking Sign Language next year
comment related to understanding the concepts of 1)Golden Rule and 2)marriage is State Issue
So much happening at It's Our Scene, like it on facebook and support local music facebook.com/itsourscene new music from local bands tonight
Hughes K for the final out
i figured lol
I think you meant Fringe-a-thon
The XX! Free Summer Concert Series... Not for me... But they are selling whip its in the park for $5 lmao (@ Central Park - SummerStage)
#ILovePeopleThat start a conversation with "Good News" and then Spin the bad news. It reminds me of the #MBTA slogan "Get less pay MORE" ??
bout to rock the Lyricist Lounge tonight 1030 pm sharp, Lets Get it!!!!!! 200 Hudson St. New York, New York
You go girl! Diverse images of Black men...what a concept
Happy to hear and like our save the dates!
Q: How do u make a bandstand? A: Take away their chairs!
Killeen: goal is to get geoscience data citations to grow from 5% to 50% in next few years.
You can never get back what you choose to throw away.
Woohoo 2012 here we come ;) I hope.its a.better year! Ball going.down happy.new year
Sorry if Vegas is 1500degrees (or 28c), but it hotter than that here in NOLA, with the added joy of 67% humidity!
Just accepted a proposal for a special issue of Jrnl of Periodical Studies on Visualizing Magazine Networks. Looks terrific.
wish I was in Memphis!!
just give me a heads up, do I can plan fun concerts to take you to!
Another great yoga session
No Problem
thanks for the mention!
99 Followers !!!! Keep following
Friends of Stitch-wits meets today at OCC Library 6:30 pm. All are welcome!
:D you make my happy and you fuck you hahahaha!<U+266C>Bored<U+266C>
There are so many new music genres out there, compared to the 70s!
Big 10 Pub A's win a wild one in the 13th inning! A's now 5-0 and wrap up first half title.
dude, this is the most we've talked in like a year and a half.. that's sad haha, we gotta go swim with soon
cant wait for the Ravens game
Math is hard.
don't think because you are a man you can fix my problems, chuck. but ok yeah how bouta follow from that other acct?
This game pissing me off.
your rave party just burned Kelly Taylor alive.
ha ha... i'll tell him! RT : good for you. :-). He still owes you lunch.
So excited for Melissa McCarthy's #oscar nomination!! She'll always be Sookie St. James to me!
everyone plzz follow <<<<<
oh Christ, Matty, please be okay.
Did you get yours?
Im going to start bringing my gameboy to class, fuck it
Rayando el sol
I have to go get that now thanks! :) why didnt he tell us about that one
know I'm gone keep it hunnit with you boo
I just punched the wall several times...
I'm a catCH I don't wAnnA b Da ONE dat got away
Entirely to hyper at this time of night!!!!! :D
Joel, I would like to contact you about advanced solar charging solutions for mobile phones. Please contact me, Steve at Nokero
I drive a Subaru & enjoy camping! We need to talk... (except I'm not leaving my current planner :-) )
for what it's worth there is a small child here. We won't forget you next year regardless.
Is that to eat or put on a chia pet?
Dudley's Farmhouse Wine Pairing Dinner sounds heavenly
Hi :D
Griffin just insinuated that Jesus walked the Earth in 1932.
Congrats to Erica Kiehl for booking not one but 2 National Commercials!
That was a bogus way to start my morning. /:
Get a close-up view of the beautiful and bold quilts of the Amish, at the Amish Abstractions Exhibit. Sunday (1/17/10) at 5:30pm on KRON4.
TY, U2!!! Holy Saturday! :) RT : OH Cristina!!! Have a fun blessed wknd. Its Easter Sunday..& Good Friday..what is Sat then???
Testing new "book merge" feature in Pocket Tales. If it goes anything like the "Create Your Own Quiz Question" it will be a huge success
I'll tell him that--he'll appreciate hearing it. How often does it happen to you guys? About that much--40% of the time?
I dont either tell my white friend told me she need to get her hair done but couldnt afford new "extensions"...
Happy May Day everyone!
Man..I'm in the mood 2 write...who needs a verse...get at me
Pasadena Night Market is the new
Good morning everyone! It's raining here :(
Wow the Knicks are playing some defense
This is gross lmfao.
send me ur number I forgot it cuz I can txt through here
slick slick
Haha well im in the same boat as you. No way would they go for me XD
So glad you made it. Love your finds!
#3 ft - Right by my side
all of a sudden 45-31...uh oh
Landed...can't wait for the festivities
put ice in his eggs
This is what I'm saying!
Happy New Year to everyone. May 2012 b a wonderful year for all. B safe tonight, c u next year.
Sounds wonderful! RT : The weekend is right around the corner! Treat yourself to our Lavender Escape Body Ritual.
Starting tommorow night Selfmade Thursdays 10 N.Center St Orange NJ $5 mixed drinks $20 Sangria Pitchers free buffet, wow
that looks awsome!!! I want one
Yep...about to post an article RE: pitchers/torn rotator cuff
Okay good. Its our ball
Fire for effect.
Trust none i don't need niggas
Thanks for the follow. Please enjoy & share 15% off a medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER by 4/30. Custom Dry-Erase Boards!
The Raid: Redemption at 7:30 and 9:55 tonight at the Oriental. Anyone? Let's go.
nah, I just went to sleep. The conspiracy was z
I wanted to crawl under this desk& take a nap...but then Loverboy came on the radio!!!..Oh& It's getting ready to storm.. gonna end up there
awesome -- will give her a try. Thanks!
I just love living here in NYC! I soo wish Mr. Jeff Bennett would come to this year! Id be the HAPPIEST girl in the world! :D
Take a looky at our clearance bin: all these beauties are 20% off. Delish stuff, just need to make room for newbies- can you help?
I so not want to do my HW
heello :) how's your day going love? :)
People have #doppleganger systems tweet for them, there exist many imaginary tweeters and buys over 90% of his followers. WTF
Good morning! up & running with a delicious home-made tropical smoothie :)
RT : #WorldCup. Tim Howard rocks!!! <-- hell yeah, he does!
If you talk, I'll talk. If you don't, I won't. Simple as that
From the way your video looks I almost thought they rounded you up too. You'll have to tell me the full story soon.
When I wake up, I better see that notification that we won lol
SO ready for the holiday weekend. My bud Sandy and I say let's make Thursday the new Friday. Who's with us?
Thanks for the reply and all the fun. You've got big fans in Minneapolis!
IKR! "Big Shoes Big Socks!" hm... i wonder wat JuwanE's shoesize is? ;)
I'm working on it.~ Its not like i wanna fail. D;
me too
Hello, I'm in Delaware.
not this guy. I'll be taking this Saturday off as the voice...good luck at Clairton.
What ???? I said wish a happy birthday
Couldn't Jim DeMint and Rick Perry just mud wrestle for the nomination? It would definitely help with fundraising.
#ACCTRNY is underway!
#thatawkwardmoment when people catch you stealing their wifi
are they Hammer pants? Parachute? Front pleated Dockers?
bad at selfies.
Thank you! :) Stop us and say hi if you're at the track again!
The Brooklyn Nets will be the only team in the NBA who only have Black and White in their logo. That's my hometown team. Any thoughts?
RT : Excited for tomorrow!!!
Mom of Carlsbad teen paralyzed by acute onset of #multiplesclerosis says and have been invaluable! Good work!
sorry I am not familiar with Maria Garrett and their church. Dreams do come true. Believe!!!!
RT : Just got a massage, exactly what I needed
Rebel America lands (2) song placements for the "Biodrod CR7"- IPhone Video Game.
Quinn changed too fast... one thing #glee doesn't seem to get is that a character arch can last more than two episodes...
Looks like my twitter is working again. It was telling me I was a loser with no friends. As true as it is....
Whitney Houston rest in peace ..the greatest female vocalist of all time!
This game is closer than two butt cheeks on a straight guy at a gay bar.
Let your religion be less of a theory and more of a love affair. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
A few chicks on #MyFitnessPal said they are having pizza and mac and cheese for lunch. After I posted about a low cal soup. Bitches be crazy
I'm mad just took my hot pocket out my hand ate it then left the room -.-
NY strip steak and crab legs tonight for $16.95 includes potato, veggies, garlic toast and choice of soup or salad.
Thanks for being our first followers and
You think no one plays now? Make it mid season - Would be like 24 mannequins on the field
Ive found an apartment. Everyone can sleep now!
All you dog lovers should check out , someone who truly appreciates the importance of dog birthdays!
Mad Men is easily the best show on TV
Have you looked at cases? Typically things like lecture notes have been excluded if I remember correctly. +
I am bad at all of the things.
Thrilled to be writing on my iPad. Probably replaces 90% of my laptop time.
4 the record...there's a new giveaway promo, sweep, & cue for new album. "So come in get it "on
haha thank you :D
i really dnt no y i am so sad 2 day:(
lol u probably look similar(:
The sense of entitlement that comes with being a politician's kid in an intractably corrupt city...
that means a Syracuse 'w'. Easier to run on a long rebound than a TO
Now is not nec. the time to inquire publicly but since well-documented Princey-Ricky friendship was broken up, who are Crew's two best buds?
Can't see you niggas, ya like a lil germ.
baby, gimme all your time :)
Oh, how is it? I've been wanting to go.
Peyton and Randy?
perhaps Joan Scott already did in calling it a paradox? But teaching it...hm. I like Michelle's idea.
TBH, I feel like a lot of people overlook what those of us who process do. 1/2
I love no-knead bread! So easy and good!
It's Hard To Find Artist With Unique Styles. I'm Down For Creating Something New That No One Has Heard.
i hope i annoy the shit outta you. #bitch *:
Having cash on you is the same as having a pack of gum
You know, I thought I'd read all of his books, but the summary of that one doesn't look familiar. Yay more vonnegut for me!
Wow that was not a foul.
Sum say I'm I'm nice sum say I'm mean sum say I'm sweet & sum say I'm mixed with all three
i have never read room 317. everyone is dying cause maz is gunna read it....im kinda scared to read it
Thanks for the follow!:) Have a great day and as always, Wishing you
Business never sleeps thanks to technology. 5am conference call tomorrow should be interesting.
Rise and shine and give God the glory, glory.
do you wanna cry about it with me?
Happy release day ! sure do make some damn fine records! THE REAL DEAL, YO.
No government ought to be without censors; and where the press is free, no one ever will.
Great tips. Thanks!
There are very few things that can make me laugh as consistently as hearing ridiculous noises from from across the building.
When did People Magazine turn into Highlights for Grown Ups?
COULD THIS DAY GET ANY BETTER!?!?! Why yes, yes it could! Git on down to the mooglorious cow patio! Gddy Up!
I discovered my kitty has a beef allergy & there's only one multipack flavor combo that doesn't have beef; often out of stock
Tomorrow is the last day of the 7 days of Beer! Catch the Cowboys game on the NFL Network! It WON'T be on Time Warner
that looks weird
RT : FREE tour of Union or Secession: Virginians Decide tomorrow at 9a. Call 692-3901 to reserve your space today!
It's bout to be serious UK and KU!!!...
The greatest test of love is finding someone that isn't afraid to receive your expression of love. Not everyone is mature enough for love.
She needs to invite Eloise at the Plaza!
the ones who talk the most usually know the least.
RT : Lots of demanding by an advisory committee.
You know what I hate? When ppl say "utilize" instead of "use." You know what I love? Pierogis.
In his car beside a Church's Chicken in Albuquerque, Radar Garner unzipped his pants for the 17-year-old girl working the drive-thru window.
Im getting a 3-game handicap, of course you aren't crazy!
HEY THERE. Hope your well!
fractured eye sockets are deff
It's Late night Thursday.. I know you hurting... Call me :)
And the Palio in Siena, and the Changing of the Guard at Buckingham Palace. Gosh, the list doesn't stop...ever :)
All linked!!
Name 3 things…that "Black" parents can do…to keep their "Black" daughters…from ever becoming "strippers"?.…….
I disagree with Rod McLuhan. Ultimately, the message is the message, not the medium.
you're a United fan?!
Yeah man Old Skool Music Lives on!!!!!
NYPD still looking for Etan Patz, why MPD ain't still looking for Alexis Patterson?
I don't know but he only does parades and special events like the Halloween and Christmas party thing
Old couple behind us at the rancher's club celebrating their anniversary asked what they talk about after 57 years answers: 'Food.'
I'm down in Indiana! Haha.
S/O to my new followers
you need to start using your twitter. Once you get the hang of it, its addicting. Hope all is well, much love. X.
Day 2 of cold. Just call me cotton ball head. Blah!
Absolutely! I'd be more than happy to "assist" you out of it. ;-)
Final day to get your name in for INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on #Goodreads!
yes, they are working to help CENIC now
Back to work in a few more hours <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080> for #Clippers & #Lakers I'll need double shot Starbucks to stay up on it
---- Truth be known, I am the one and only JARROD COOPER!! :)
Not feeling great & tomorrow looks cold & damp. I think I'll pass on the ride to Nyack. Sorry. Still want to do it soon tho.
#oomf is a jurk to the max. Boy
Happy Birthday Cheryl!!! :D :)
Girl I keep it real I dont waste no time
Excellent. We are honored to be your favorite. We look forward to your mom's visit.
Had a gr8 nite out with the boyfriend. <3
"Susanah"? Man ive been spelling my name wrong all my life...
Thanks, Julie! It's already better. Just ate at Bob Evans. Can't beat those biscuits! :-)
WHY o WHY did you make this pantry list?
ha! That's awesome. Have you heard of Torche? Been jamming their latest all week. Awesome stuff.
In #art, taking no risk is the maximum risk, because you're 100% sure it will be boring.
Ross: now moving towards otaku as a parallel fan practice
Happy congrats! :D
I'm a little (OK, a lot) out of date on #NCIS. Are those bastiches effing with Ducky? :: glares at TV execs ::
Royal needs to step up!
glad my presentation was relevant to your needs!
This is a personal invite to all of you because I love you guys! COME TO MY SHOW IN AUGUST DAMMIT!!!
There are some grown ass men playing in the paint tonight
we've got enough to share with the U.S. #scrapplenation - then on to world domination... I'll be looking for your order! *<||;-)
I Don't Like Certain KIDS. Waiting For My Momma To Pick Me Up.
Damn you daylight savings time!!! Sleep...it eludes me.
I might just sleep in my car in the Miller Park parking lot and wake up in a few hours for some breakfast tailgating!!
will do!
RT The only way to end the lockout is World Peace. (this plug was so lame it burns my ass.) #whatmoneycantbuy common sense.
*Mom yells your name* You: Yes?!.... *silence* You: YEAH?!! *SILENCE* You: UGH! *gets up and see what she wants*
One more Like and we have 500 Likes!!! Let's go! Who is # 500??
I think Rhinos are just obese Unicorns.
are you about to watch real housewives now Fam?
Natalie Portman went to the "Denise Richards School of Shit Acting in an Otherwise Awesome Movie"
envy i love that you show love to ja but is crazy records sells these don't matter no more #PIL2 is a classic album
Had great evening last night improvising with jazz piano great Donal Fox chez nous
hope you make a 100! Lol
MUST<U+2605>Follow and thanks to
#pw2012 CFEd says that $350 billion are available thru the tax code for asset building for middle and upper income families
it wasnt cold at all. Lol! But it was dope
Been keeping up with The Killing?
Client Testimonial: FI's trainers make exercising enjoyable, all while clients get a great workout as well.
Amy Winehouse ’s Final Fred Perry Collection Goes On Sale Before her death earlier this year, Amy Winehouse teamed up with iconic Briti
Beer && Code is tonight at the HQ! Beer! Code! 7pm to 10ish!
does that mean there's a #twedding soon? #stirringThePot. But seriously... big ups!
At least Pennsylvania renumbered the Turnpike to be mile-based. Makes me nostalgic for ol' Exit 28.
To try again: we never made it to the Filipino place in queens. It's delicious.
i got a callback? so we shall see...
: Your gorgeous photo was taken from the ballroom at the Wyndham Cleveland at PlayhouseSquare!
Thanks! Yes, I had PTO yesterday. I went up to Wisconsin to hang out with my family. Margot kind of went swimming. Almost.
We want to give thanks to and for the 13th year of #SOTG2011!
On Miami-Dade Transit; enjoying the view, listening to high school kids lie about there love life
"But I wasn't like screaming or anything." *flashback* "AYE RYAN.!" RT if you know where this is from.
Would love to re-connect! I'm at #wmpitchit as well. (Last year's winner; met you at #ncvs... hope you remember me!)
Sweely Winery has 30% off all wine.
shit working wat up with u
follow me cause it my birthday? c:
I can never concentrate in this class omg
Some females are only "1 girl" gay.
It's amazing how nice color palettes make designs pop. Why wasn't I using them before?
Jazz Band and Combos tonight at Paradise Valley Community College...Admission is FREE! Starts at 7:30 p.m. Come and support the fine arts an
Hey guys how was your day ?(:
OMG AWW SHE'S SO CUTE!!
Tomorrow is the last day for our February Pedicure Special XXOO....20% off tomorrow only!!!! Call for your reservation now!
McKenna: libs pick target; freeze it; personalize. what happened to Rush Limbaugh over birth control. But really about Obamacare
Love my iPancakes!
Bored.. You?:P
Golf PGA Tour • Japanese Ryo Ishikawa playing the Farmers Insurance Open for the first time January 23-29, 2012 La Jolla, CA
RT : RT : “Four Very Powerful Words to Say to Your Child: I BELIEVE IN YOU.” Kevin Heath
“: ATTENTION PROMOTERS! BOOK A DIMEPIECE MAGAZINE ISSUE RELEASE/MODEL SEARCH IN YOUR CITY! ”
where my baby at ?
I hope they are at least painted some pretty color.
good to see you at the concert tonight. Sorry I didn't get to say goodbye.
Just seen your message. No ebook available, but email and we'll see if we can arrange something.
the other person I know of is , no specialized hashtag! It's a very small program (30ish people).
Me and have this little "thing" going on(: Im "pretending" like Im just a fan, and he's "pretending" to not know I exist. ;) <U+2665>
Cold wet and rainy forecast... Portland, last weekend was such a tease!
I may take him off to see how he does?
Really. Positively heartsick over Maurice Sendak's passing =(
Looking forward to screening the rough cut to North West folks today, it's going to be great to get the Native American perspective too.
Let's lay down tonight & kiss tomorrow goodbye. <U+2764>
Memphis Music Monday is tonight! Come hang out with Memphis' finest acts! Free and show starts at 7pm! See you then!
hey sure, no prob. rock and roll.
He is good... I'm 7 weeks pregnant
its okay, everyone shared the same deep saddening.
After going on a junkfood hunt with , we watched grownups and are now cuddling while playing zombies&ninjas=lifeizgreat
Lame! threatening fines for not chaining up. Does this apply to those of us with 4WD and snow tires?
Waving back!! :)
:) check out (myspace.com/poemaofficial) they will be playing warped tour this summer @ the girlzgarage tent!
It's on now! I will beat my teen daughter in number outgoing and incoming text messages. ;)
we're still here! come study at hillel until 10 tonight and enjoy some treats and snacks while you work!
I have enough interest in eating for both of us :)
After Hours Blog : Local Listens: Q&A with Wild Flag’s Mary Timony
RT : Funny how all these liars are also emphatic Christians ain't it.
it's good man. Boston?
OMG WHERE?? I LOVE THAT SHOW!!!
OMG!! You Dm Him about threats and thats not cool! leave my boy alone <3
I suppose sitting here THINKING about working out isn't gonna get it done.
have fun in Spain girl!!!! Take pictures!!! :)
There is more to life smh
who they?? What kind of music? :-)
Thanks so much for the lunch date today I'm going to miss you.
If you were a man of taste, I might take offense. But we both know better. RT Disagree
Awesome! Keep up the great work, comedy in MKE wouldn't be the same without you and
Have to take time to say these artist are the smartest people on the planet, no jiving, I thank you rockin" gifts to the human race!
they say I'm getting trendy like I come after a pound sign
Peace, and goodwill, to all who seek it on just terms!
Day 3 of our Perfect Attendance May Challenge. See you on the mat!
Silver Jews!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Send us your coordinates I'll send the Saint Bernard....
Impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools.
But Wont Admit It lol
In high-skill professions, such as management and petroleum engineering, Texas salaries often exceed national norms.
I got a haircut
thanks! And thanks for saying hello!
thanks! That would be great. This is the third time it has happened. Nothing taken this time.
Took a blow dryer to my head this morning, which I rarely do. I'm surprised by how much hair there is on this head of mine.
Just locked in for August 21 @ 12pm. Exciting!!!
def counts. sometimes takes a minute for twitter to sync up. u can always manually sync w/ the grey button in page footer.
Hi there! What was the report query? We'll check on it. (You can also email us at with details.)
30 something year old alumnus at a college hoops game that can't quite let go of those student body cheers; don't be that guy.
Dear tummy,sorry for all the butterflies. Dear pillow,sorry for all the tears.Dear heart,sorry for all the damage.Dear brain,you were right.
chip on the ole shoulder?
Sure thing! We found that FB use really took off between '08 and '10. From '10 to now, mobile sites seem to be the big thing
free lunch and ice cream cake...this is turning out to be a good day!
#schoolmemories laughing my head off at lunch with my friends..we still do that
William Green and Tim Couch, those were the days! Urgh
Ready for turkey hunting!
haha I watched that today!!:D
RT : Absolutely amazing time at !
yes, the #topblogueras retreat will also become the world's larges Latina slumber party!
Amber alert may day may day wheres
The biggest issue for me is jobs/the economy. Without a solid foundation for that, nothing else can be accomplished in PDX.
...a successful gym workout in your thirties is when your toddler can successfully make it 60 minutes in the kids area
Your my idol
haha that would be so funny!
haha! c'mon I mean it has to be a joke right?
After 5 tries with download errors each time, at #Apple store to download iOS 4.0. What was taking 4 hours on my wifi took 5 minutes here.
Oh come on...it's only 18.1666667 days!
Good words to live by - RT : Be happys for others happiness or success & be compassionate toward others suffering.
Looking forward to seeing Zorro X: A Pleasure Dynasty Parody. lookin HOT!
I break for oatmeal.
Deh pon a old music vibe...
I am too weak for you -___-
Aaron rosgers officially ... Lets get it in tonight! Happy bday .... Cc:
If he live up to the hype yeeeeaaa buddy
My dad wants to move again -.-
Amen to that one!
The fourth McDonough!
Loved** last tweet
Nice win by your Buckeyes over Syracuse yesterday.
and good too:)
Hello Shannon you are so beautiful, can you follow me thanks, Bobby Howard :-)
Y U MAD , ITS NOT LIKE IM LYING
evidently the "high-speed" in high-speed internet is relative. like, relative to "no internet"
Lynn fire says no one injured in the homes, truck driver transported with non-life threatening injuries. Car driver hit refused tx
Newest "dread" email to get? One that opens with, "Unfortunately, one of our students has head lice."
Mountain biking for dad's day
If you tweet that you are having a beer with an elephant later I will know you are seriously hurtin'.
We are 2 articles shy of 2,400 articles on The site started as an internal tool to help keep track of things
The maid is on vacay...first load of laundry in. Dry. Iron. Pack. All over again. Chicago next stop.
Its a beautiful thing!
I believe The Local in Minneapolis holds that title
#NSYNC's No Strings Attached was an amazing album.
Might go to the lake today
What the fuck are 'possum tits?
Loves yard work!!!
TY for talking theatre this week.
Pretty please follow back?
and yet I still want one lol~
not that i care cause i dont but his single again .... :/ just made things harder on me
new compositions performed in these NY November gigs
Snow is coming down around Chicago!
*sees a little kid* 50/50 chance he's gonna smoke pot when he's 13
A great way to stay in shape - swimming: a full body workout without all the impact pain of running!
thx too fam give me yo info and we will work !!!
I totally told my coworkers that was the series name when I did my Steampunk book talk for them. They loved it
I like the dick
just one more week until I see you in concert! Can't wait! :)
and Grand Valley lost! Looks like first round bye for football & hosting 2nd round Nov. 27th if they take care of business!!
Anyone wanna play with my schticky?
Promotion Best Practices: Facebook Developers' Wiki
i mean..if punching a small child helps you feel better, then by all means make yourself feel better.. haha
ThMorUKno:The word “APOCALYPSE” (usually translated “Revelation”) does NOT mean end of days, but opening/unveiling/disclosing/uncovering.
You Too!
WEAR THE RED JEGGINGS IN BALTIMORE, I NEED TO SEE YOU WEAR THEM ATLEAST ONCE! i bought them for crying out loud!
Last day for on sale also!
You're not a slut? So, are you like a volunteer prostitute?
Going to Miami...
Haha. That's freakin funny! Nice
90% of Catholics ignore the church's official position on birth control anyway. Why the fuss?
...access to exclusive sales, free facial and makeovers, free seminars, specialty bites menu, mini photo shoot by Moda, free coupons, free..
#69Factsaboutme 2. I dye my hair a billion times.
good point. I have an internal clock for Sunday mornings no matter how little sleep I get.
"I don't want no Barbie, I want a gun" Magen Hall... Well said Megan!
I did. Great news but will prob make the wait on NOL longer ha!Its ok tho. Good for him!
are you coming to WI girl? Hit me up! :)
These hands like houses will protect you from the storm.
we owe it to ourselves to get sloppy drunk & get some dick. This weekend.
But ill get it out of the way and just sit around the rest of the week for that class.
Did you already have that charm? I don't think promoting keeping birds in cages is very #earthday friendly...
you guys are gonna ruin it.
I just had a breakfast taco and a beer. It was great.
aha. so llama have a thing for cones?
Would you like to know how much your house could sell for if it was on the market today? Call 1-800-731-7041 ext. 2306 to find out.
First to a 100 win??
Nice long swim this morning to start the day of right.
REALLY big audition today 600 submissions narrowed to 30. In final group. Skyped w/casting director. Fingers crossed tight!
cant wait till schools over
Gen fund. We are spending maybe $50-$60 million (have to confirm#) so as we spend this amount we fall behind another $30-$60 mi
WOW! named Morrison House Best Boutique Hotel, Piano Bar, & Pet Friendly Hotel, plus 3rd for Most Romantic Hotel in #VA!
What HE said---> RT : We have a way of showing we value people/services/goods. It's called "paying for them."
Time for a (cold) shower and Netflix... (while we are still loyal customers. LOL)
Hi. My child does not have food issues but I will ask at the LA walk this Saturday.
The crew: Love these guys
Music has many dimensions,some are "sacred" most are NOT....
I'm going to another 1D concert next year! WOOHOO
Thanks for joining us and for the write up!
DH this morning informed me proudly he had unloaded and reloaded the dishwasher. Um...
thanks for RT. Riley Children's Hospital here in Indy - worthy cause.
A don't-miss #ASJA #beauty writing panel at #ASJA: Genevieve Monya of MORE, Lynya Floyd Family Circle, Susan Moynihan Destination Weddings
i know things get hard but girl you got it, girl you got it, there you go. cant you tell by how they lookin at you everywhere you go?
Last day at the Pancake House. Going to get our asses rolled over all day. Dreading having to say goodbyes to everyone. Especially my boys.
Wahhh, only 2 more episodes of Desperate Housewives ever :( :( :( :(
We're back in nyc and ready for all the great models we have met to start working!
Great to hear that SJU's getting the attention of promising future leaders such as you! Congrats!
I'm not pushing for any particular deal.
Love doesn't fail you, break your hurt, use you or ignore you. People do all of the above. Don't confuse the two!
M, paint fumes...
i am lol
how do you add more then one picture?
#AvrilLavigne is a perfect girl;) I love you Avril!!!
RT: Dear Music, Thank you for always being there for me through everything: all the heart ache, heartbreak, and crazy stuff."
Good morning ! And
R. Carson knew that envtl ed is important for helping specialists see not just their own problem, but "the larger frame into which it fits."
I had a blast at my epic workshop today in austin. So easy even I can use it.
RT Unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
was dev 4 right?
Going out tonight for #sushi and #wine with the brilliant woman behind !
I'm hoping PIPA and SOPA pass, for artist we going back to real royalties no lawyer fees
im riding around, im getttin it
Romney can't lose! Has catered to all voters as a lib running 4 the senate, a moderate running 4 gov and now a conservative running 4 Pres.
#wisn12 morning show voted best am news based on coverage of capitol and collective bargaining debate. today we are live for election day
gotta love Florida bipolarness
we have $2 ic lights all day everyday now. Our contract with coors light expired.
I just dont be telling them lol
Time to #BeGreat Go Pack Go!!!
Sounds amazing! RT : Femmedia! is creating a new media literacy curriculum for young women, around issues of sexuality.
Trying out the Galaxy Note for the next 3 weeks. Pretty impressive phone, but I'm still not 100% sold on the 5.3" screen.
follow me back?:)
Good question. I will ask it on Roc City tonight.
Exploring the assumptions about honor underlying the treatment of flags of truce during the Revolution would make a fine project, methinks.
Just got hotdogs from Moore's. Heartburn is gonna kill me from that chili; but it was well worth it!
Kimberly's mom got flowers, chocolates and a $50 Macy's gift card for Mom's day. She thanked Kim by asking to borrow her Macy's CC
AP: City commission rejects police chief's resignation in Fla. town where Trayvon Martin killed.
Natura Two-in-One Rabbit Hutch (beige) at Dog Training
im sure u would tweet him everyday. Lmao
in mine they are rebranded: "braising greens."
#PlansForTheSummer be even more lazier than ever
I am loving life, trying to get my magazine finished and just sitting here wondering why I am not in bed
Green vs. red apples... Always the toughest choice.
when Bron is doing Bron he's just on another level.
A5.Diner's Drive Ins & Dives. I'd like to tour a lot of the places goes!
Wouldn't be a problem if you had already set precedent of wearing same pair of pants + ill-fitting button down shirt every day
Good sleep weather <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Want to hear some Wicked World. Hope all is well. I'm the comcast guy.
As much as you frustrate me I love how you make me laugh!
RT : Employers need to realize that employee respect & appreciation is an important part of
Retweet if you ever got caught in those "It's not what it looks like" moments.
Could be another BIG day for CTSO!
I can't see you!:p
I think the smoking campaign discussion might actually be useful . . . do that.
she said "douchery"
finding the noise a bit wearying
haha, you'll be busy in Knox. Hahah, but I'll still call & make plenty of trips.
Anyone else freezing at #Logan12?!
Who know a great A/C company in #PHX? Just looking for a tuneup and no scam tactics. #TooMuchToAsk ?
Anyone feel like going to the Girls Rule Dance Party this Friday at Ottobar?
It won't be popular in the 'Burgh. We HATE all things Raven...LOL
Wintry roads are said to be "slicker than otter snot."
THANKS TO DIETER AND SHANNON HERTLING FROM EMPROVE PERFORMANCE GROUP I AM NOW EMPLOYED.... IF YOU NEED HELP WITH YOUR JOB SEARCH CONNECT WI…
If continues this once Youk is healthy, are gonna have to keep letting the kid play
Just made it through all of the episodes of #ThePractice on ! Do I want more? YES! But until then, on to #Lost!!!!!!!
My rooms a mess and I'm feeling lazy right now. Who wants to help me clean it? lol
damn just realized its almost cinco de mayo. is gonna be missing this weekend!
Listening to musicals will get me through this day. First up:
I know!! Took them a week to get back to our second inquiry! Grrr
Aw, thanks! I'll let you know if I come to the point of desperation. Hoping I can find some in DC, without driving super far.
you can't force Carolina Steve off the air!
Have presses releases or promos? send 'em to simmonsradio [at] gmail [dot] com!
Do we ever! Could you REALLY come back for a repeat of THATCampVA 2010? (Gong xi, gong xi, we'd be happy!)
The Nuggets are not intimidated. That's certainly a good sign.
*HUGE SPECIALS ON MYSTIC TANS* Mystic Tans are 2 for $39.99, or 5 for $75, or 20 for $199 TODAY ONLY!
I think she's contractually obligated to only like things that aren't normal. So slippers aren't allowed to be real.
just lost the plastic around the connector. Should be fine as long as you don't get it wet or bear other metal
I smell naming rights opportunity. The "UnPeterAngelos Courthouse of WIN". The motto inscribed above: Asbestosis Veritas.
Lol, I know :D and on Friday me and Faith are going to sit at the table right next to yours
Ah. It is now called Florida State College for Women. Women who engage in gridiron football? Curious and forward-thinking!
With both games not really close at the end & both favorites covering its setting up real nice for Tebow Magic in Denver
It would be better if i had some help. Hint Hint...
essentially a paleo diet. My gym is doin a 30 day challenge and thought I would give it a twirl.
Yayuhhh!!! Welcome to the neighborhood!
So worn out!
Praying that I will successfully negotiate this production of puntilla
I said noodles in a previous tweet when I meant doodles. Oops. Bad auto spell check.
Cheering the runners on at the Oklahoma City Memorial Marathon. Everybody is soaked, but still running.. Way to go!
I JUST GOTTA #BELIEVE THAT ONE DAY YOU WILL NOTICE ME <3
Employment is a good thing.
; this weekend was definitely disapointing. & now theres a bunch of drama over it. wtf?
I hope the afterlife is less like the Belmont El platform than I fear it will be.
clearly you need your own signature line of headphones.
A good day of bowling, friends, and ice cream. Oh, and swinging. Lots of swinging.
you're blowing up my twitter with your foursquare.
RT : props to for bringing in Al Pacino Agreed!
Im fucking hungry, Gonna make myself a fucking sandwich!
Dad's tearing the kitchen out and I'm finding TONS of 'Found Paintings'!!! :D
The weird part was some people thought it was a Tupac impersonator. It looked like CG, albeit good cg, in still frames! Vid moreso.
Do you have time for a quick radio interview for LA public radio? If so let me know. Thx!
Super Bowls gonna suck now
can I hear Britney Spears Gimme More?
Follow back me,is Sexy related to Grey's Anatomy
#winechat is a great example of one of those!
My big chance to reach my goal new mexico you betyer be ready here i come!!! Shout out my my coach for signing the deal!!!
When you get it, how much you want for it????
sittin here feelin out applications so I can slave wit a 9-5. Somebody new needs ta get at me.
Oh crap
until they fade away. they are painted using a safe pigment that will naturally dissolve.
HoeLies #49: I have never kissed a girl.
Finally going to watch #TheSocialNetwork. I've been wanting to see this for so long!
Same to you Harry! Nice to Tweet you. Happy to Tweet it Forward any time you need
Awesome Philly sandwiches today for lunch with ! Fries IN the sandwich - so good.
hahahaha shame eyes, awesome
"Design takes scientific innovations and transforms them into life" - Paola Antonelli
I can have friends dam I hate this boy right now
So this guy was skateboarding then their was a hole n he tripped hilarious
Good morning and happy Easter to those that celebrate and to the rest, happy Sunday - another incredibly gorgeous day in NYC!
Special Oscar Sun nite specials - gr8 rates @ $129 and fun cocktails - walk down the red carpet at The Clifton Inn
anchor love :-)
GUYS HELP PLEASE!!!!
yes im ready to embrace the islamic religion
RT : Communicating culture: short & sweet trumps long & lovely #iabcseattle via
Thinking clear for the first time in a while, ill admit i did neglect you and im sorry babe, your rite your better off without me
according to this link I show the #browns as 7th in cap space
lmao pop...yeah. you're from up north Lol
how did you learn to design tabletop games, that is cool.
Understandable though. If it'd been at MOMA or otherwise, the curators could've taken more risks. At Smithsonian, basically a kiddie crowd.
"Are you as bored as I am?" Makes sense even when you read it backwards. "am I as bored as you are" Mind = BLOWN.
Yes: Get out of Marrakesh and get over to Essaouira, or up to Chefchaouen
Anthony Green of CIRCA SURVIVE playing acoustic right before STATES headlines The Door tonight!! Secret show.
Chorizo deliciousness with beans and guac. Now I'm ready to face the day!
Thanks for the follow girl!! Definitely ck out my free site JUST FOR WOMEN when you have time! www.kissandim.com/register
I always have the same problem!
sounds like a deal n the making to get Paul voters
Absolutely, friend! to your success! for the follow ! Have an awesome Thursday!
Suck it, choirboy. RT : lol. Second flautists are so easily impressed. Cc
Mardi Gras! : Happy #FatTuesday! Pizza and wine celebration tonight with !
WOW! They just keep coming!
and where, exactly, did you overhear that!? :)
hey there lil sexy ;-)
OH fans in #milwaukeebars...we will have a shuttle to both shows April 29th /riverside and 2 -1 drinks
That awkward moment when when your telling your friend something so hilarious and they say: You already told me! and your like "........Oh"
RT Hey fans, give and some love
Q2. Does the PLP Voices of the Revolution blog count?
was that in the vlog today???
RT : Was great to meet Tom Byers & Tina Seelig of last night.
it's a relationship. It doesn't matter if it's interracial. As long as the two people involved are happy that's all that matters.
Be jelly.
Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.
#3WordsForYou Que lo que?
iPad just shipped, will get on Friday :)
Follow --> www.miracle16.com
I got some partial result!! and I have 2days left
wow...and they still dont get it...
lucky were did u meet him
OS X Mail checking for new messages even when set to manual
People around newborn babies are So damn annoying!
Get well soon, Dez... pneumonia sucks. Better take it easy now. the fans will understand. Now, off to bed with you and rest! :)
Mark Barron, but he'll be long gone.
Thx for spreading the word Will!
The earliest recorded use of bath salts was in China in 2700 B.C. Haven't tried our bath salts yet? What are you waiting for?
Then I realized I wanted to do more than that
Spanish tiles?
Miami is gonna be insane this weekend!!
and are some type of stuletos....gotta look taller. Lol
Hope everyone has a great day!
Sea Otter 2012: Specialized offer up a blast from the past
Happy Mothers Day to my beautiful mommy <3 thanku for everything! Words cannot describe how much I love youu mom! Xoxo
I <3 Shawn & Jules. Their cuteness makes up for Josh & Donna & JD & Elliot.
Ha!! That's it!
Hi! Wine & Food Truck Pairing Dinner in last night! Contact Justin Harrison for future events!
amazing night
And a dance with Mr. Darcy?
The lean protein is doing nothing. DO NOT WANT MEAT. WANT CHOCOLATE
Why does the coat check salt the jar with $5 bills? To provide visual proof that it is ok to tip $5. The power of conformity influences us
Missed some of the #ACMs b/c someone called & wanted to bitch. Even though I asked if this could wait until the next day. They didn't care!
Wouldn't tell me because she doesn't want to make me sad or jealous but i just do understand. Were best friends. We tell each other (c)
you're right man, think they got it made. Why would you even wanna do that?! Mind boggling
Knitting, like doodling, and tweeting... keep you engaged in the topic, in learning, no?
Well hello my name is Simon, and I like to draw drawings...
horses at the barn were psycotic today.
That's it! I'm off.
D.j LAYYED OUT iN THE BEDD -.-
A8: Looking ahead, which I favor, question is how newsrooms that get digital shift can be part of building new models.
RT : DrinkMusicCity is teaming up with Jim Beam for Toostie's Orchid Lounge 51st Birthday Bash - KID ROCK is headlining
I'm not surprised!
I think "blame the victim" spans a continuum--from this instance (pirating cable shows) to Geraldo's hoodie nonsense.
can I be in the vid
So, tell us how you really feel. ;) Just kidding with ya.
big shoutout from & Promo team
ROSES ARE RED VIOLETS ARE BLUE IM BOUTTA BE SINGLE I ONT REALLY WANT U nomreee! : )
And the next morning, when they wake up dead, there'll be a record
I'm tired of school. :P
RT All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother. Abe Lincoln
did a successful first dive at day island wall. Gear's clean and drying while I relax a bit before bed.
#ChaseBank apologizes for their many mistakes but won't fix them and is now threatening foreclosure even though I am AHEAD on payments.
Thank you for the kind words!
when we're you in SFO? Where are you headed?
Fuck these sorry ass team ready to pick Mike Floyd up mane, they sorry as a bitch, fuck Arizona ans St. Louis
Good luck to my sis running the indy mini tomorrow!!
I Just Saw Orphan The Second Time amAnd Barely Noticed You Dude lol
Music City owns Motor City!
:) haha you should
We have FREE tickets to our ALL AGES show at The House Of Blues on September 5th. Direct message us to get yours now!
He's right Liver lips! RT : Follow the real Mort Goldman >>>
what's up dog. Good shit the other nite. U guys are mad talented
That pretty much sums up how I feel about Eastview any time of the year.
UFO at the bottom of the ocean?
Indeed we'll never know but, as a whole, free music on the net = less revenue for artists (and shitty sound quality)
Why do people like to talk to me while I'm tweeting, facebooking, and texting!... If u need me msg me!! Lol
Thanks, bro. I'm just along for the ride.
New day!!! New day!
Seaman Meatyard? (he was in the navy)
You don't mean Izzy? RT : Not Axl Rose?
No one does anything for me when I'm in horrible situations and I'm there for them when their situation may not even make sense.
apple pie with caramel/crumble topping.
why the FUCK has she spent the last 55 minutes talking about a Christmas Carol?
Good night (: I love you
I need some followers man. I think Twitter is finally sinking in now. LOL
U got it !“: great show. Now it's time to walk the dogs &brave the weather. See you tomorrow.”
thanks for the follow, admire the incredible work you do.
Alright, USA!! That's a start.
It looks like and #lawrence really should a good time. Well done guys!
24: love your bio! You seem nice !(: tweet me<3
I'm sure not Underestimating you!
Might just have to crank up another shirt giveaway this weekend.. Hm
I wonder whos gonna win the superbowl . I know imaa bout to see a million posts about it .
I hope everyone made it through the storms ok! Now make sure you do everything in your power to make this a great day!
Breakfast has been served at #rhokmke. Tired folks eagerly getting nourishment...and caffeine.
I feel like puking.
I really need to get my screen fixed!
haha LOVE it!
hahaha ohh]: you go to school? haha what school? and WOO CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU! you best say hi to me! aahahahaha
I be havin to tell folks that pretty often
KINGDOM! Where The Kings Dominion Is & Reigns! That's Me!! You?
BYE @ these fucking bugs trying to get past the bug screen, your wings and buzzing are annoying as fuck, you need to go.
“: How can I do that?” Don't know if you could but you would've done great & it would've been legal.Sales is sales
Roll one, smoke one.
I be really enjoying the time we all spend together
very excited about some of the ideas floating around with and - should be a lot of fun.
Russel Brand: Drug Addiction is a Health Issue, Compassion ...
We educate and inform kids, parents, etc about the dangers of synthetic marijuana! That's what we do everyday of our lives.
Gold finger is my favorite so far. Just put on Thunderball.
Looking forward to reading & craft discussion at UNLV tomorrow.
A man in a relationship trades intimacy to get sex. A woman in a relationship trades sex to get intimacy. Proverb.
Usually my good memories your bad ideas RT : Some of the best memories start with bad ideas.
Need a pillow fluffer? Or bed time story reader? Holla! ;)
I was tryna go with Tosin to the graduation but I was too under-dressed lol
That moment when comments on my status saying, "Bob Marley <3" & I posted it because of Paradise Fears, lol okay then.
We’re the ONLY company offering multi-tenant, cloud comp. If another vendor tells you they're doing this, find Chris ;)
I guess it's fitting that the day I start a 5-day silent meditation retreat (today!) is "World Communications Day"
DreAms money$$$ can buy
Best place in #Milwaukee to purchase bedding plants and veggies. Go. (cc: #MKEFoodies)
agh, we did the same thing a few weeks ago. Crazy expensive!
My first crush was named Andy and I thought he was cute because he had a crew cut and his sweatshirt made him look like a rapper. Just sayin
Oh pretty! haha
im a boobalishious ninja and i made it through the whole episode!! :D
is it Roxane with one -oxane or two? I forget.
RT : Happiness is not a reward- it is a consequence. Suffering is not a punishment- it is a result. ~Robert Green Ingersoll...
Im A #RealNigga Stand Still Nigga, I cut yo face have you lookin like Nigga
HR half way up the scoreboard at Shea that broke bulbs - a true classic moment, like in the Natural movie
A3: Keep in mind that Phil Mushnik is paid to write things to incite people's emotions. Mission Accomplished.
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman.
May 13,1942: Sir Stafford Cripps, although seen as a potential successor, described #Churchill: "the best war horse in the Cabinet."
Grab you Ryan Adams tickets for his live show on 1-24-2012 at the Music Center At Strathmore Rockville, MD by calling us at: 888-493-0004
We will definitely try
So excited about today! I don't know why, some mornings I leap out of bed and feel like I can't take in enough air to feel the gratitue exp…
no, no. Drink definitely needs Anders.
do you know if the bengals are getting a throwback jersey?
There’s ups and downs in this love. Got a lot to learn in this love. Through the good and the bad, still got love.
thanks for the #ff yesterday!!! Hope you're having fun in Louisiana (:
Had such a great time with Babbie Mason today and with the guys at WMVV, and on Atlanta Live last night - love their hearts for the Lord!
I'm gonna be the main event like the good king was before.. I'm looking up I'm looking down I'm working on my #ROAR!!
Not driving sucks so bad.
Nice hat.
Paul Krugman: Ben Bernanke Has &#39;Been Assimilated By The Borg&#39;
ok, this is crazy! I just said something about #Mormonism on my FB page, and now my account is "temporarily unavailable."...
got it! Thanks for your help!
what's your favorite type of sandwich?
#Meetthepress, blah, blah, blah... we know the positions, we know the reality... #Dems don't like capitalism, and that's what works in USA
When TV sales people say "this offer won't last long", they're right. It'll be at Rite Aid 30% cheaper next month.
“: for sure! How about #promoyourself?” or shorter - #PromoUrSelf ?
still calm at Jamison Square as police continue to arrest #OccupyPortland protesters
How about LinkedIn? I know it's supposed to be for job hunting, but I've never heard if it's effective, esp. in our field.
Lucky you. I'm pretty surprised my account/server it's located on hasn't gotten rolled out. *twiddles thumbs*
Hanging out with <333
Chillin with dominic
that's how rumers get started!
Waiting to get in the theater for #thehungergames. Glad I got tickets a week ago.
We love all sorts of music!
#Nuggs look like they let this game get too big for them. Good to get it out of the way. Series starts Tuesday.
Sometimes I find my head spinning. Not because of alcohol, but because of my life
RT 4th: "Had a great time hosting Webby Awards. Super happy for Man of the Year Jimmy Fallon. Will post some jokes tomorrow."
M...(; Looks a lot like AustinMahone xD
Man! I wish we were in the same time zone!
Plus it's much more fun to bust your balls about it.
Heydrich says court should be "careful" about "picking" at something that is going to be "so important to the community"
#Magic fans >>>> #Heat fans
#1111 make a wish make a wish and say I hope you would RT this :)))) <3
email me the details!
text me
That awesome moment when tweets you and you flip out!<3;)
sorry I never texted you back! My phone died! Text ya when I can :-*
lol I know my teacher didn't tell u tht
Sick as a dog. In bed. Chicken noodle soup. Green tea. Sleep. :(
we don't even remember why we're fighting...
: Paying a terrible price today for yesterdays celebrations!!
Nothing like starting the week of w corporate prayer. Def ready for this week ahead.
Why do you say that?
Happy Monday everyone. If you love #NBA #LAKERS #OKC #76Ers #CELTICS #Follow us
Dear world, forgive me 4 having the gall to believe that me, lil ole me, the girl with the curls, can be a conglomerate. Mrs. Politics DC
is starting to work
We've already learned more in the first 2 minutes than we did all last season, so that's a start.
:) cool . follow me : daretobeme . I totally follow back :)
There's a special place in Hell for people like you, Sam. A special place indeed.
I looked at my mom and said "Talkin bout some beach curls". She looked like WTF! Lol
yeah I gave up its like they skip over my tweets lols
I'm going to pray for thoes on my TL RIGHT NOW
good luck today!
use the coupon code SHLOVE to get 15% off :)
#ThankYouCody for everything that's all I can say. You're #thefinest. Enough said. You've changed peoples lives in a positive way.
Happy 100th birthday to Arizona!
Today's the day! Show starts at 8pm,corner of 5th&main! We aren't sure how we're gonna fit 100 people in that basement, but you should come!
who doesnt like big time rush
Lol this late really?? Somebody hungry? lol
Now I've got that song stuck in my head!
Everybody getting all preggo and shit...sorry kids are the one responsibility I'll delay as much as I can
Me too! Wah :( Good luck on your exam, love you!
success from the perspective of the anit-amendment group
Sure. If our mission is to "rescue the evidence" for ex., people don't need to be on-site to help.
night sleep well!... <3
For Romney, a prole is anyone without a ski house. So the kids qualify.
I hate driving my mom's car <U+2639>
Next time you gotta come thru to the N'Dulgence Showroom to get Fly!! We're located right here in Chicago.
we were chubby little kids. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Yes and No lol Cause someone will always feel different from you and views #Good conversation I enjoyed that
#BestInventionEver yoga pants
Ah, I'm hip to Downton Abbey finally. A small browser window is just right for studying.
#20ThingsAboutMe 7. I smile a lot.
very sad the only time you hear the blues now on TV or radio is a Viagra ad
I feel you I'm tired too!
No idea, but are the circles man made?!
The word 'funnovation' came up in serious context during a meeting today. That's a self-defeating portmanteau if I ever heard one ...
Thank you, Tammy!
lol I be on the same shit
I'm afraid i have bad news for !! como le doy la mala noticia??
not much you?
too bad breaks over...way to rub it in! haha..you're still probably winning with leftover bday cake in Rockville!
So I'm pretty sure I have figured out where the #madmen storyline is going this season.
rocks at
Happy Birthday to the Handsome & Talented, Awesome !
About to have lunch/meeting in a hour, ready to get out in this beautiful Sacramento weather.
can't believe season three filming is over!!!
RT To win a FREE Copy of Dale Evans: Beyond the Happy Trails from
Never look down to test the ground before taking your next step; only he who keeps his eye fixed on the far horizon will find his right r...
I tweet this every morning. But seriously, my cats are so annoying.
Two giraffes at the zoo died due to stress... In related news they closed down 4 more big and tall stores.
Thanks for the RT and for a great meeting this evening!
have a great day with mom wish I still had mine xo
Join us for Thanksgiving! Chef Tom started cooking today! The party starts Wednesday Night......
We know you’ve been waiting and its finally here! Tonight is the 1st episode of the 4th season of #MidsomerMurders, at 8pm on MPTV 36.
SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS NORMA...HOLLER IF YA NEED ME...T/F/S...
Thank you! Will try that :)
Covered in flour...
Oh hey, holidays. Looks like I won again. In your face.
Sure thing!
Ya GO USA I watched the whole game --did u see the last goal?? Haha amazing
Cold Weather? WBC will have heaters..158 different kinds of them, to be exact. Stop being such a baby pants.
transfer to medford high and use 's address
you awake?
Palatin Remodeling/Agoura Hills is offering $750 off a full kitchen and $650 off a full bathroom remodel to all Diversity Platinum members.
no body no crime.
never tweets me! I'm highly upset :-( ..... lol
A life is a very delicate thing, but has a profound effect on everything else around it. Please handle with care.
Hahhh, i know it did(; Lol, hes in one of the crews on americas best dance crew. yummmmay(;
you got this! #Insanity is a legit ass whoopin!
I needa change my avi y'all my cousin hating ??
I could make my uncle a YouTube star
I requested of Governor Pickens a pass to Fort Sumter, where I would confer with Major Anderson. It was granted without hesitation.
Cool! is tweeting their lunch menu every morning!
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labour the body.
:D. I can say the same about you!!
You mean the ?
His meditations on freedom and the horrors of war must be read against the background of slavery / J. Aleman
I saw him at USF. Great speaker.
Still convinced that "Breakout" is just about Dave Grohl's struggle with acne.
Saddle ranch is where the party is AT! Thanks Brent ahahaha
Hi, I like the work you are doing and I'm going to sign up for your online pgrm for professionals. Thanks! Therese'
You can't photoshop your ugly personality..
ay got a new plan for the clothing line. #HighStandard..lookin to get 100 shirts printed within the next week
Oh. Sorry about the glitch! Good thoughts? Mean thoughts? : )
Thank you! Appreciate it.
The pedals came off the spinner and back on the road bike. It was great to get some REAL miles in today.
The Republic!
"Look there's an empty can go get it" - Father of the year
AWW :-D thank you. it was a great experience.
I can't wait to buy it! I've been excited about the release since I heard your version of "swingin'" :-)
I'm being optimistic but it wouldn't kill me to not get tix. Where u watching the game on Fri?
Dear referees, fouls should be called when there is actual contact, not when you feel one team needs a lift.
thanks Rick! :)
Met Scott from last night at Crystal Ballroom at the Jeff Mangum show! Go #Halos!
RT : Planning a volunteer day for members of SFC HIgh School Chorus team to install #cleanwater filters in #Fiji Fun!\\...yum!
The Republican pres nomination circus isn't nearly as entertaining without Cain, Bachman, and now
play nice before they are fined
which #oomf is going to work for me? dont wanna
interesting promotion strategy, at once modern and victorian. anyhow, thanks for the reads.
Yea Maryland >>> : BREAKING: Lottery official: Winning Mega Millions ticket sold in Maryland; unknown if others sold -JM
what is that?
I come straight with no chaser...
I figured a lot of Mahomies could relate to it(:
UNM students, faculty, staff- free flu shots today & 2morro 10-2. @ S.U.B.
Thanks! wait. we didn't speak, did we? did i not recognize you?
She would be mine if she could rap
I don't like being swindled or used!
“ Gemini wants for the relationship to be always new and different & so spontaneity and mixing up of routine must take place”
Who's coming to our #grandopening tomorrow?
Got on twitter and saw a timeline full of ppl who got wasted last nite
Sunflower seeds, Green tea, and a mango for lunch. I think I like being a vegan ;)
Bros before hoes .... MFS in THIS Generation dont do that shit nomore .. These Niggas will Snake they friends for a BITCH smh
"Where Have You Been" will forever be the greatest song.
thank you, i really needed that today
Keep the past and the present separate -2 chains.
Man what's good with this fronting shit???
cleaning my room is always a bitch.
its 11:11 it would make my wish come true if u would please follow me back I'll cry if u don't :( <33333333333333
I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care.
lol no more quotes. i fucking need to sleep, mom is gonna kill me...
I would hate to see the hard way!
There is pretty bad service over here... -_-
lol thanks but why?
WE R Playin Arena Queens on May 27th. 10pm
Boston Globe just named a&g as one of the top five places to work
is bringing me turkey tuesday today. did last week. Who's next week? :)
Reminds me of the good old days :)
Whoops. *Without spellcheck*, not with. Geez. Hello, brain, can you please work today? Thanks. Love, Drew.
J notes its a personal choice thing--some students want to figure it out themselves no matter how long it takes.
"The Southern rebels have fired the first shot without squeezing a trigger," Mr. Lincoln told me. "I shall have to respond."
It shows a lot of compassion
#Excellence is a process that should occupy all our days.~Ted W. Engstrom
Oh. A fancy new Coca-Cola Freestyle machine in West Seattle. Only tried raspberry and orange versions of Diet Coke before needing to pee!
what happened to today?
HubSpot ultimately became the best solution to practicing inbound marketing and tracking its effectiveness
Swerve... Swerve... Swerve
I hae to say... That i love twitter more than facebook
Happy Easter 2 everybody .... but how many of you know who its really about ?
Day 2 of Bathroom Redo: put in plumbing for shower and shower pan We found some dangerous wiring under the ceiling w/Burnt insulation scary
Things can only get better from here! #broncos #CUbuffs We hope : /
quite a few years ago, there was a coffee house in Rice Village called Mientje. Does anyone else remember it?!
So excited for happy hour tonight I can barely contain my excitement!
Hello there... It was/is such an awesome day in GA ! Hope you enjoyed Ur day ~ #whereverUAre :-)
easy money! I was in section 2 too so nothing was runnin & I have 2 tomorrow too!!
11 minutes into the Oscars and we've already had a host who texted his way onto the stage and a shout out to lesbians...
Another reason for outside tech writers. Your company only has an occasional need for documentation services.
We love you too and thank you for all your referrals. RT : We love our friends at ! RSW hoodies ........
“: can we just go to lunch & get some fancy burgers haha” I want steak and fries!
Checking out The Rumpke Mountain Boys tonight.
I'm the only guy here without a full beard.
Woot! Will be a good, sweet weekend! Thx!
RT“: Whoever wrote the comedy for tonight's Oscars should write obituaries.”
#askbilas Are you going to Al's Bar on 6th and Limestone after the game? It's a cool place.
My tweets wont load!
Everything change when that money come.
We shall see where my new home away from home is! <U+263A>
Celebrate Ralf 8th bday tonight (his bday was yesterday) at the Milwaukee Ale House
I do (hand raised and waving in the air)!
and I are talking about Bratz Dolls and Barbie's haha
Tim Duncan doesn't draw the eyeballs with his style, but just watch him. It's a treat. Special player. Not sure they'll be another.
Intel,, and fun
I've heard old cunning stagers Say, fools for arguments use wagers. - Samuel Butler (1)
If that were the case, then Daft Punk would definitely be playing at your house... your house.
Thanks for helping us spread the word about the food waste webinar on May 29th! , Will you be attending?
Congrats!!! on your #lastfall premiere at
I am not the kind of girl who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion.
I will. I wanted an unlocked HTC One S but there isn't one that works on T-Mobile.
oh my god, shut up, it's literally like the best series ever. You should read them, if you're not too cool :(
BootsRiley OEA is now on board as official supporters of the 12/12 West Coast Port Shutdown. True? about 1 hour ago
jus got up n ready to eat leftovers fum lastnight my stomach is on a mission lol
U got the wrong person. I don't have a blog-especially not one about pumpkin beers :)
Over 20 yrs ago, as Dir of Staff Dev, invited theatre prod. on #eol for RN's dealing w 3 codes w/in a week. Extremely effective. Powerful.
I hate volunteering at Glades but I need hours
#SongsPlayedDuringSex I love college
Who knows what modern franchise-management might yield? Probably a new computer-graphics 3D version of the game, RPGs, comics, etc.
Less than a week away! Denver fans get your tickets soon! Feb 26th we return. Gothic Theater 16+. Hit me me up for tix and get a free CD! RT
Happy monday! Only 4 days until Friday!!
Annoyed! When your home after surgery and have no one to visit with, it would be nice if your boyfriend would text you back!
Football season is upon us! Celebrate with new gridiron themed Custom and Micro Beds up now!
i got you
S/O to doing it big
I would love to see the Paul delegates & the "Romney" delegates for Paul get a little payback at the convention for all the GOP's bs so far
RT “: Thinking of going vegan or vegetarian? Skinny Bitch Book of Vegan Swaps can help you eat!!”
Ty for following us !! Wishing you a fun-filled Monday. :)
I wish you knew , how much i wanna be with you.
we also offer same day delivery for locals!
Lol RT : Facebook is going public because they couldn't figure out the privacy settings either.
uh-oh am I bothering you? hope im not
Look forward with hope. Back with gratitude. Up with faith. On both sides with love;))))
That was me last night.
N'sync on the radio...I don't want to spend one more Christmas without you either, Justin. Sorry
People still buy that garbage saying 'This has 10% juice' Every time I explain: 1 bottle of juice + 9 of water + coloring.
When you get food between your teeth >>
I'm my own sites webmistress, plus I do other sites so long weekends means playing catchup for days. Good thing I love it! =)
My friend Kathryn better finish Insurgent by soon so I can have my copy back and READ THAT SHIZ!
which meeting are you attending?
thanks for the follow nice avi ;)
The Dallas Mavs Victory Parade is scheduled for Thursday, June 16 at 10 a.m.
just did
Maybe a integration would be useful!
Don't forget, LDCM is open all weekend long. Saturday 10-5, Sunday noon-5, and Monday 9-4. Happy Memorial Day!
Just met 's our official rockstar photographer who will be snapping photos tomorrow! And his swag is out of this world!!
I'll help make em man
Let us know if you are ever speaking in #Seattle #Bellevue or #Tacoma! :-)
Christmas special round 2
We gotta work on getting you down here. I can only imagine the finished piece , didn't know you guys did this type of artwork RT
Random throw-back uni night? Anyone know what the occasion is?
What did you do at the gym?
I am black. I am an immigrant. I have a PhD. I will leave my house today. I will wear a hoodie. There is no guarantee.
OKC beating the hell outta the Lakers
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL U BEAUTIFUL, STRONG, DETERMINED, HUSSLING, FOCUED, SACRIFICING, HARD WORKING MOTHERS!! SINGLE & MARRIED
Picking daughter up from school & headed to the gym. Have to work out some frustration of this day. Then will enjoy my weekend.
I don't like when the one person I want to talk to is in a bad mood and I feel like im annoying them
it's kind of lost its flair...getting a little too complicated, but still funny
Gosh I told myself that I wouldnt do this but I'm in my pajamas
It's possible that the Prasads were running the scam using 's identity. Maybe just wishful thinking since we've tweeted....
nice Canadian tv people somehow manage to fit "former" before the strategist title for me, something US nets can't manage to do
my gift is my song, yeah, and this one's for you.
Its friday !
Life is crazy
Well now she's going to know who did it! Thanks a heap, !
AWESOME Night at Tabula Rasa! A big shout out to Quintella!!!!
talking about club Hush on :)
is FULL of #sassitude right now.
I DONT WANT TO DO HOMEWORK
Ah I love math-rock so much! #math #rock #mathrock been jamming meet me in stlouis all night! And a bit of The Reptillian
I've lost my senses of taste and smell... :( on the plus side a loss of voice keeps me from having to speak in class when I am so tired.
There are multiple Client Applications in our inbox this morning. Great way to start the day.
you got it!
any news on the witness who has came forward in Isabella Celis case?
thanks for the follow! I like your tweets! Happy Friday!
absolutely. someone's going in the water. who is the question RT : Not confident w/ anyone's score until they get on green at 18.
Hi i Caroline, I hope to do a container sale with them!
Battier hands down. Hes one of the few guys that gives Kobe a problem. An injured Manu wont be too much of a challenge.
Watching Whitney Houston's funeral... Clive Owen is Rudy Giuliani's doppelgänger.
I know it's hard to cut a troubled child off no matter their age. $$$ drain. Isn't #GZ married? Was she there?
Poised Creation is now building our network of non-profit charity organizations to work alongside.
.... Silent treatment starts now.
Out of all that dissonance came some great harmony. Thank YOU for caring enough to light us up! Now, let's get to some drinks!
you go girl
can i have a ticket for x-factor hahahhahahahah project x was so good last night
yalls this month right?
Never trust a dude in a tunic.
wow! Kudos on your coverage of this important story!
Grumpy Starbucks work environment turned sunshine and lollipops as Patsy Cline whispers from the speakers. Thanks Patsy.
A Sense of Humor will get you farther in Life than a Sense of Direction...unless You are looking for the Bathroom. ~ Lisa Morgan
Being startled awake is never fun. Damn you, bad dream.
has seen it and spent time out there near the ranch
i was gonna dm you but you dont follow me..you just retweet me.. #wellthisisawkward ;P haha
Done :) : Yea your new bro is going to come with us to NYC May 28-June 2...Let's meet up cause I miss ...
Thanks for the follow, Gerald! See you guys on April 19 at
Silly question but does class start at 10 or 10:30 today? B/c the syllabus says 10:30 but I could have sworn you said 10 in class...
no clue steel high??
I thought you did. Of course!
Spoke today with wonderful caring case workers of Philadelphia #foster care
I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and I love today. ~William Allen White~
Happy #FF Cool Friday!
Hey whats your email?
Thanks for following me. I would love to chat with you about my campaign.
foreel just like how they did the radio stations in sac its depressing lol i hope whats comin out dies fast like disco did
Busch Gardens audition/interview Sunday!
Corey hart looks a lot like a juco JV backup
Order sent to Erin in IA!
Thank you Sandra Bullock! But, where are the billionaires checks in this relief effort.
I know right! I'm begging my parents to go c a cub vs brewer game but other wise I've jut been doing little things! Ugh <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
not yet, we're still taking resumes until Friday then beginning interviews next week. So hopefully soon!
Brad's coming over.Then we're going with Alec to see Avatar again. Merry Friday. Twitter Mobile is going off for the day
- every time you retweet me, I get a little more
I'm going to stalk u, while u stalk with your cameras, just so I can see her sexy #ass yummy
What is #HBJJ? Curious. And whats next for you? Miss you on Y&R! Need a #BoondockSaints 3!!
Schools almost over, please let it go smoothly
MOVE OUT DAY! Can't wait to be home in #2days and be with :)
hot soup alert! SoMa in San Francisco has tortilla w/sour cream and tomato w/parmesan
true story. I sincerely apologize. You can show me in person?
"Party Bigwigs" does this mean there are some who wear "small wigs"???
Just cranked out a good'n with
Ha! RT: Those Dyson airblade hand dryers are a bit like playing Operation, except when you lose, germs win.
you're an idiot.
CAN I KEEP YOU OR..
Dude nice gets!!! I just got 2k12 on 360. Im pumped to tear it up haha!
I'll talk to u bout it tomorrow
I sing a little, draw a little, write a little. And it's your fault. n-n
A failed experiment has me somewhat disappointed, but not defeated. I hope I don't mess up too many materials learning from this mistake.
Ed would be delighted to hear you say so!
Oh Snap! Tasting Snap artisanal spirit today. I could smell this stuff forever.
Hope it's still more free snowcones on kenmore!! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A7>
Well... Today has NOT started out awesome. But I'm gonna win.
It's actually pretty comfortable .
and you know it. Up Town Saturday Night\
is hiring a Lead #RoR developer - competitive salary+benefits+ equity+transportation+free beers on Fridays. Must work in
thats not Harry
beer in his hand on all three pictures,funny as hell
I have too many grey and black clothing. Yet, that's what I continue buying.
Allergic reaction >_<
Come follow me....
You can email me at brandon AT arl DOT org.
Seeing you tweet my Oshkosh-Iowa life in reverse is so interesting. Start worrying if you end up in Fond du Lac or Mayville.
Fro Fro!!! You knew it had to be him! Tie game!!
I know! I don't get this article at all. Plus now I'm worried that I won't be a good librarian because I'm not a lit major.
First the dreadful peanut butter and jelly slush and now Maple Spice coffee?! Smh
3 months from tonight we kick off the preseason in Carolina
Haha, okay, I'll work on it! :)
and then the "i sent that to you" look you get. and you just have to bite your tongue so hard that it bleeds. been there.
Oh! & a bag of treats when he didn't bite! lol He caught on quick. He had pulled all of his feathers when I got him. =(
210 words. More words in 15 mintues than I have done in the last 2 days.
I dont understand why people have to yell, its not gonna make me care any less than I already do
27 members of 's Class of '12 are graduating w/the legal education honor of Order of the Coif.
#FF even MORE MORE of our new followers THANK YOU!
heading your way tomorrow. Can't wait to buy you a beer or 3
talking with and planning a HUGE event! The rest is confidential, you'll all find out soon.
I am very excited to present a new group I started with my friends Ondrej Pivec on keys and Russell Carter on drums called CPR Electrio.
Lust over love; is ya mind set?
I'm so happy that I got to see Frances and Jasmine; it's been like 2 years! o:
man I love dreaming about that guy.
Bubba is doing all the housework today!
But I won't be on my Social kick until tomarrow afternoon.
DC Metro says theyll stay open till at least 1:00 am to accommodate #Caps fans at game and in bars. Yay!
oh ! , lol damn man . forgot . aight .
Don't do it! Walk away from the machine!
Just remembered you need to wax before Valentine's Day? Be sure to call and make your reservation now, before it's too late!
Happy Born Day homie!
I wanna see GRITS!
Don't miss our great deals on everything hair, from cuts to products & their correct uses we've got you covered
I pray to god he will help me not go down the wrong path again. I really need his hand as I walk alone.
Please send ticket/contact information to
good luck! You will be amazing!
Between these two QB's....who is the better start this week: Eli or Big Ben??
Looking forward to testing our your equipment and putting it in the hands of MKE's heaviest lifters!
Come by our booth tonight we have great giveaways and are giving away an ipad2
"manny and baby boo, strollahd through the great big department store"
Good eats in the AM sets a good start to your day. Fruit & Maple Oatmeal can help you on your way.
What does your company do?
M Denny's
With bowling pins.
I'm kind of impressed with dedication to Cammy figures. Didn't get the one with roller blades, but there's always next time.
Thank you for following.
make sure to hit the 25th anniversary of #RoboCop at on Saturday!
I drink good coffee every morning. It comes from a place that's far away.
Amazing. I do not think any market around the world has ever done it!
I don't know!!! Tell me:( I hate the guessing game
Portland Marathon website and registration page is not working right now. We are working on it. Registration for the Marathon is still...
"We're a .com not a .org" - quote of the day for me.
Independent music is finally in strongest position it has been in years!
that's day 7 & 8 not in Chicago.
talk is cheap.
no straight guy should watch any of those shows
Special memorial day gelato- red white and blue! Thank you armed services for all you do.
pretty sure I didn't ask for your opinion.
HELMET-FREE-TACKLE Certification VERIFIES that all Coaches & Players can IDENTIFY & AVOID bio-mechanics that lead to CROWN impact
amnestying boozer doesn't get them under the cap.
that's love right there. Lol
Chasing sunsets. Chasing sunsets. Chasing sunsets. #chasingsunsets COMING SOON.
Sad to hear Dave Cable is stepping down from the Catawba Lands Conservancy. He's done a great job!
Couldn't agree with you more!
Loving the Punjabi rap on those two tracks, esp. Chakklo.
Oh that's cool neighbor, just leave your dog outside to bark the whole night. It's not like I'm trying to sleep or anything.
Attending ? Be sure to attending our session, "To Skype or not to Skype" Wednesday at 2pm!
Why do I have a sudden urge to stroke my hair, after I get a haircut?
Have you started to plan your session for #edcampDetroit? What are you going to talk about? Tell us!
my body is like a micro chip in a computer- the smallest bit of dust can shut down the entire system.
Traveling this holiday break? Don't forget to secure your valuables... and make sure you take your passport if traveling internationally!
Excited to see exhibit tonight 7PM Cornwall Library
My friend Paul's only 2 excuses to explain his behavior. 1, he's polish and two he's from new York. Does this work for you?
Good Luck on road this weekend.. Bring home some victories
CNN, your story on Mikhail Prokhorov "Do you want to vote for him because he is single?"
RT " : Orgasms for science!"
wrote a letter to send to Peyton in Economics(: so excited to send it<21
Omg! I hope Adele is on the radio, I really think she needs more exposure!
I'M FLIPPING OUT! GRANDMA YETTA IS BACK lol. Happily Divorced<3 omg.
i haven't...can you send me the link? i think its all bs that the paps are giving him. leave the kid ALONE.
Tomorrow is my Friday. Thank the lord.
We will be there
thanks for the RT, by the way.
damn you're so hardcore. ;)
Hey..its me selena..this is my main so plz follow this one
Virgil is an older gentleman's name.
Hey Chica! Just saw your pic on the WWK flyer! Im gonna try to make it out to the show!!!
My teacher talks and talks and talks and legit thinks we`re listening... how sad
Sometimes I want 2 give up politics, oh the lies, greed, corruption. So I translate the handwriting on wall & realize its written in pencil.
Plot twist Myeshia doesn't talk about me on twitter but I talk about her o
So great to see such passion for Mke. Balistreri family owned Sendiks stores named Regional Spirit Award Winners at #BizExpo. Congrats!
its not alex..hope you know that.
Thanks for the mention. Appreciate it! ^DD
"These things we do that others may live" - USAF Pararescue
“: More than 4 million Adele stations have been created on Pandora since she last sang. #GRAMMYs” WOW.
Our writers can write articles for any niche. We only need your Titles and Keywords
Often times I catch myself wishing the year was 1977 and I am best buddies with Elvis Costello.
I will be in my home country of Louisiana for Mardi Gras for the first time since 2007, and I am quite excited.
follow me plase :)
To be clear, I'm not quitting, just not running again. Big difference. Still holding it down until Jan. 2013. We'll see what's next.
Living a healthier lifestyle requires dedication and sacrifice. Find out what foods Donna has sacrificed to be healthier....
Day off tomorrow, kinda wanna go out tonight
If a hard freeze never occurs this winter, will it affect the spring flower bulbs?
I totally dropped the ball on the weather today. Sorry. You got out-voted for a warmer day.
I just love Wisconsin weather.... UGH
Thought and should be on Pizza Hut, lol (:
You think sending me NAKED pictures will make me like you more..!?
Just watched, #BEASTLY. AWESOME movie
So I've totally been out of the twitter-loop here, guys;; I heard some drama went down between Nathan/Madisen/Jennette fans or w/e? LOL
just glad that I'm finally onboard!
I want to send much love 2 !! U sounded great on background!! I just watched the video and I noticed I 4got 2 thank u on stage!
Settling in in Tallahassee. Furniture arrives tomorrow. Loving it! Glad #UNCC#Atkins Digital Humanities Symp is going well. Hate missing it
Should I watch scary movie 2?? I have all 4 this could be a long night...
#childhunger...twit and help
Maybe one unisex avatar, with medium-length hair? :)
Cooking & #SandraBullock movie marathon. "A Time to Kill" & "YaYa Sisterhood" ... IMO is one of the most beautiful women ever.
Excellent, thanks!
omg yes!!! he was just on punkd I almost died
Love that moment when you 1st discover a new favorite top or accessory! What was your latest exciting find?
either of you 2 ever get the chance to actually ride a Mustng? Would love to have the chance.
Bout to go see my ex boyfriend on the big screen <U+2665>`
Work smarter, not harder.
of course
Storytime for kids 5 and under at the Tutt Branch Library every Wednesday in February at 10:30am. Call 282-4637 for more information.
Thank you to everybody at Para Los Ninos and the Thelma Pearl Foundation, the show was fabulous.
congrats!! that is awesome!!
lol I'm so confused! Are you talking about my butterfly that's in the jar?
Guess who JB follows on Twitter? :)
Scott is one lucky man ..:)
thx for letting us charge our chevy volt @ ur maintenance garage during our stay in Tahoe inn. Few charging stations in area
Without checking, I'm sure there are other players that have put up a higher % of their team's WAR than Halladay.
uh duh!! #50centforeva !!
it is snowing very hard, and i am not excited about my commute home or the one to the suburbs
I got a call from Wichita KS, I don't know anyone from there. I didn't answer.
Keep fuel cost down by maintaining your vehicle's fuel system. We offer a variety of services to keep your vehicle fuel efficient.
Checkin' out the hotties at Shore Club tonight.
everyday is Halloween for actors.
Karma RT Where do you put the blame on last nights Heat's loss?
Sure feels like fall out today! It's time to brainstorm for fall fitness goals -- what do you want to accomplish before 2012?
Obviously FB should be their starting point and hub of their social presence, after which they can choose what's next
Two days off in Detroit, what to do? I think my computer is sick of me..
Ok LOLOLOLOL RT : I step into the shower, then BAM! I become an opera singer.
It's like 9pm and still 100+ degrees, fuck Vegas.
I have 13 buyin swongs in 156 hands of 6max PLO. Am I doing it wrong?
Duck face extrodinaire! :oP
When a stock drops $25 in one day and then goes back up $21 the next day, it seems like too many billionaires manipulating the market.
Experiencing the challenges of surveying outdoors on a day w gusts of.up to 50mph predicted
RT : "It doesn't matter if you think you're B2B or B2C; we're all P2P - Person to Person" -
I'm just gonna go in hibernation till like 2036
yep, i'm a pro babysitter. :p
“: I got a fevah, and the only cure... is the Land Grant Trophy.” that sounds contagious.
Chicken and Gnocchi soup from #OliveGarden with #WillandGrace. I'm so happy when I'm eating in front of a television.
#JustPromiseMe to think everything through and make the best of what you have
very aggressive. Why?
oh yes. Can't miss this conference.
#IGotNoRespectForYou if your ignorant
Read about - they will have a booth at MARKET! MT PTH's Latest Report; Accomplishments Over the Last 12 Years: bit.ly/p9S6xb
haha im sure hed love the compliment. Follow him!
In my scene I have to have a swollen eye and busted lip, let's so how grand this is gonna go
could you let your podcast fan know about the #ExperienceJoeRogan Droid app? It's totally free!
Wow no one got the dad/brother joke!
#ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf our stereotypes of psychics and intuitive abilities. Science does NOT have all the answers. Psychic Intelligence.
- We won't be at distributors for a while, but go to revolutioncider.com for purchasing info
What a devastation these Tornado victims are facing. We are bleseed to have all that we do. God please comfort them in this time.
So much paint in my hair and so many bruises on my body
if this is about Jordan, shut up.
thank you, should i check you're website for a ship to address. my email:
At field. It's pouring down rain. Reminds me of some good times! Can't wait for the very near future here.
Love isn't something u fall in it's a choice that u make whether to fall in it....
Q: Why do women rub their eyes when they get up in the morning? A: They don't have balls to scratch.
correction: WIFE.
Brothers finally home and already started his shit with my mom. Thanks for ruining Mother's Day asshole.
RT : Thanks! *puffs out chest* He's my baseball boyfriend.
yes. bothersome.
": WE are the answer to the things we complain about the most. So either be quiet, or do something about it!"
Corned Beef King Reigns Supreme
Whew. Spent a few weeks housesitting sick cat & bearded dragon. Happy to be back.
yes, I will have another 4 months of this weather please.
To all the RBB followers out there on this Monday night. Much love and peace to you all. Thanks for the support and love.
Anyone have a "special" major program on their campus? Students "create" own major when what they want not available.
i'm missing him. sigh...
Ok ... White Soxs & Cubs both win ... Let's Go Bulls & Hawks!!!
THURSDAY: Join me at REHAB Ultra Lounge for "THERAPY" :D 'Therapy Thursdays' new Home for fun!
“ When boys love everything about you. <U+2665>”
Had an amazing time today doing the rounds in Jersey. Secret Stash, Quick Stop, Highlands, even Jack's Music Shoppe!
Guided workout with Dave Wednesday night 5-8 pm DM for details
Thank You Joan is trending! Tell Ariana <U+2665>
missed you at El Dorado last night :(
Ok “ Ima save you some lol”
The more I work in the library field, the more I know I was right to pursue it, even if it's a tough job market.
All 7 #Badgers playing well right now. Balance at an all-season high. Offense so much more consistent.
+10000 RT : Happy Mother's Day to all moms plus all doggie/kittie moms! :)
hey you :)
#circasurvive at revolution I'n ft. Lauderdale... Dude rocks geddy lee vocals
"Put your straw in my marg..." - Thank you cinco de mayo
So proud of my goddess student
Friday it is lmk if I need o pick u up!
thanks! I'm behind on getting that posted today!
I know you liked my previous #HAMP articles, my new book #1 bestseller #Save Your Home is on Amazon
Had fun in Sacramento !!
but she's cute!
Just watched Breakfast at Tiffany's with mom. So lovely.
Yay! Battleship whatever is coming out today. It better be good. ^_^
green, red, blue, white, purple...just keep that smile
Writer's groups inspire me. Everybody enjoy your evening and find your group!
Ha how is it weird??
Can't get enough. I'm so
Reporters have responsibilty 2 be as objective as humanly possible-If tweeting as "reporters," tweets should follow that criteria
Love it! RT "The world was in peril! Would you have me stand by and do nothing...?!" ~
Cloud Office and Collaboration Productivity Applications Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to ...
yes, im there
I was moving slow myself.
Should I spend $9.99 on #50shadesofgrey for kindle??
You are so right about The Hangover! That's exactly why people are seeing it...plus it's hilarious! lol! Have a great week!
Here's to the nights we felt alive.
My friend's boyfriend bought them matching necklaces. they wear them everyday and it is just so adorable! :D #Loveit!
thank you so much Risa! We appreciate your support!
haha we do too! Those are both good ones to motivate, for different reasons, but good all the same! :)
i love you!!!!! and i wish i could be half as nice as you are!! :)
When people treat you like nothing, you begin to feel like nothing.
Thrilled that is following me!!!!
Got a show Oct 1 with Beat King
Please pass support and pass along. Thanks! www.facebook.com/AllyOwensMissing?ref=ts&sk=wall#!/AllyOwensMissing?sk=wall
I don't ever wanna work again ever in my life
Oh Rick Santorum...new slogan, "college makes you go to hell."
Eating sushi with my friend and family I am so happy they came to visit. Can't wait for the big move :-)
also am I just spoes to say it or say it in a song? And send it? Just making sure!
Home now, love the Fox News Crew. Totally funny and very witty
say what?! Where to?!
What is your best memory of your Mother growing up or what is the one thing that has impacted you the most that your Mother taught you?
After cing some of the #couples on #Valentines day I'm clear there's some 1 4 everybody!
Loving every minute with my delta sisters!!
That's #astrologyPickUpLines RT : #astronomyPickUpLines You can occult me any time you like, baby.
RT ...Miss you both too!!! It really has been too long. :-( Calendar reunion soon? X
Always do what you are afraid to do. Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you need SBs, Campana. If not, Torres.
working real hard. with the crew.
I went to THREE Mke County Parks & didn't find you. People came before 5am to get you. It's my Bday; I'm bummed!!! :(
I'm starting to regret how people run from me. I guess it's a higher power preparing me for success.
what do you and Kelsey name the video?
Talk about positive outcomes in your community "facts make you think, but emotions make you act"
Compelling matchup in NFC Championship, regardless of who wins the GB/NY game - a rivalry renewed or matchup of QBs from Class of '05.
Too poor to paint. Too proud to whitewash.
that's alot ha how bout u just add me Peyton hammock :D
I genuinely really like you.
Tweet limit... Tweet this account.
ask for an autograph minta foot bareng,ask for a sign and much more (;
Me too. I'm still in Cali.
right?! Just finished that draft thingy too. Got it done! Now break and back at it
i think ppl juss throw out stupid ass comments jss to get a reaction
lol good :) where are you guys going?
Wow!!! Thank you guys!!! That was so much fun.. Can't believe I just sang in front of Steven Tyler, JLO & Randy Jackson! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Talk to me
A girl is happiest when she knows that you make her your everything. In front of everyone, every time.
it's good to know someone else's dog eats just as well if not better then their human.
Blessings to all!
Thank you, Holly! :)
I am thinking
"Justins a faggot" "how?" "Because he's gay" "how?" "He's just a queer" no one can ever answer the question..ha..
goodbye best friend in the world #bedroom I feel tired & sick together
We offer #Virtual #Receptionist Services so that your company has #representatives to serve your clients better! Contact us for more info!
Hah! RT : Save time by typing them in alphabetical order. Less finger movement on the keyboard that way.
I always had a positive impression of Sleep Country until I bought something from them. Quickly turning into a nightmare
Thank you so much! Hey #Veterans and #MKE tweeps - check who joined the Twitterverse -
Sunday afternoon relaxing and reading never felt so good: #TheElegantUniverse by #BrianGreene and #BlueZones by #Dan Buettner
Finally started reading "Daemon".
#IdiotOverheardAtABeerBar "We just came from the Bucks game. They lost, but it's okay - we had courtside seats. May I have a Miller Lite?"
I am watching the postman wee up against someones tree
Here comes a fighter. #dontevergiveup (:
Justin Blackmon is a true stud wr, nice pick
GET BACK THERE, CASILLA
in addition to focus on reactions of iReporters, curious to know more about the political economy behind iReporters
Twitter won't let me DM you--so let me say thanks for the follow, and have a great day!
Didn't Revis just hold out 2 years ago and he is whining about his contract again? Wtf!
Give us your inputs and have faith in us. We are allied with top colleges that offer online education. It’s never too late to begin...
Done spamming Twitter with things about the kid okie goodnight.
RidersEye Brand Forum tomorrow at 2pm in Room 130 at Dealer Expo. Join us!
Congrats Marquette's Jae Crowder on Big East Player of Year. Led league in points and rebounds. Oh wait, Kevin Jones did that.
lol, exactly what my first thought was as well! :).
RT : I gave perhaps the greatest presentation of my life with last night It was a milestone for
Thanks! I'll check it out tonight, might be the perfect thing to make next week when it's cooler.
Hi ! Do you have any totally #raw breads?
I CAN WATCH YOU FOR A LIFETIME! YOU'RE MY FAVORITE MOVIIIEEEEEE!
Who changed the overtime rules?!
My dad's reaction when i told him i want to live in a co-op/commun: you are such a democrat
Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you fall into an open sewer and die.
Thanks for the kinda words they really help :) RT : yu will be ok jus keep ya head up and keep doin wat yu do
For sure. Feel free to email me at and we can swap stories etc.
Playing in the Bronx tonight at The Clubhouse on City Island at 9, 21+, please come out and support!
Never been this alone b4 an im an only child.. Gods doing somethn way different
Montreal remains the free play on the + side! Good Luck on your end!
I Wanna Be Heard
Too cool! When? You should bring her something stuffed or a little outfit for Juanita.
#GOP has STUPID FRIENDS! The WORST THING a Chicagoan can DO is make Rahm Immanuel your POLITICAL ENEMY! Good Luck, #Mittens ugh
When uninspired co's realize they are & seek inspired talent to fill the void & lead change.
Reading a great book right now. Heaven is for Real by Todd Burpo. Published by one of my favorite publishing companies Thomas Nelson.
I should have put it in quotes! sorry!
Hospitality Properties Trust Announces 2012 First Quarter Results
u doing it now
Gingham serves a lot of slow roasted meats, Burlap is meat heavy but puts an Asian twist on things! Lower price point at Gingham
I think you will find Jeff will get better in these closing laps
haha that's awesome!I think everyone was a bulls fan in the 90s during the Jordan days. but Liju remained a fan haha
Wanna buy me one too?
Cozette is lonely! Can anyone help her find her true "mas-cat" love?
So excited! : It's March! You know what that means? It's #wawine month and also time! Let's eat and drink!
I quit
thanks for S/O much appreciated!
Thanks for your support!!
what are the questions?
So I've noticed. ;-)
swirling shades of blue , slow dancing in your eyes . the sun kisses the earth, and i hush my urge to cry .
I love my new name! I'm turning you in for child abuse.
that awkward realization that eating DOG really isn't very common in Indonesia, yet
Thinking about buying matching capes for me and ( and I?).
doesnt like google
hey we have too i mean YOLO! ;D lmfao
Calm down.
Eat "lunch with the authors" at Chartwell Country Club on Wednesday to support metastatic breast cancer survivors, www.metavivor.org.
nice, Have fun!
god north carolina that was SO GAY
kenny wallace chasing daytona was fun i wish it would do 2 hours but it was cool to watch, id like see diffrent driver in this show too
the thing is that you never learn and do it again... Lol
Police Activity (21st & Q NW) CLOSES Massachusetts Ave between Sheridan and Dupont Circle
leaving to honduras sunday night wooooopyeeah
A big thank you from the colonies.
im broke |:
knock em dead in the desert. Want to on Sunday night?
Thanks for joining all the cool kids
that's amazing major props to the staple center crew!!
Who wants to carpool with me Friday that's headed to Fort Worth/ Burleson???
Leave your corner of the world.
Ditto! RT : Thank you for responding. I hope national will not allow women to be treated like this in our own or ...
Such a huge storm our crappy DSL went out for awhile. Damned old wiring!
No days off
Going thru pics from year to submit to & for family slide show. So many fun experiences this year!
i still use construction paper.
ARod has six more years on his contract.
Im not good with people lol
Just lost a button off my shirt.The 2nd shirt this week.Welp,I guess thrift shops don't gaurantee quality.In other words, u get wut u pay 4
My homie got me bored as hell waiting on him to get downtown.
Einstein! welcomes Chris Metz and Noah Gordon!
“Leadership is based on a spiritual quality --- the power to inspire, the power to inspire others to follow.” ~Vince Lombardi
how do you test the authenticity of your sandwich art? just want to make sure i didnt buy a fake.
you welcome, let's chill soon
PowerPoint: The app where good signal to noise ratios go to die.
Headed out to Jackson, Mississippi.
RT : If you stop at 10 bucks, guess you won't get him.
The best way to lie is to tell the truth, carefully edited truth.
Agreed. Weak. RT : Mad Men stole an hour from all of us tonight. All of us.
there's an importer by
25 more day until foster the people :D
It's just my three second rule! Like the kinda rules you had in school.
aww yay i'm so happy for Ryan Carter.
What happened to all the cool toys that used to come in cereal boxes?
Hi . How u is . K byee lmfao
couldn't agree more. What's up with your prejudice?
Thanks! I got mine!
It kinda freaks me out how empty this bottle of #jackdaniels is after 2 nights.
Don't look at me I didn't do it.
#vaumc11 #cfareport Thankful again for detail people.
Seriously, let me know if you have any questions. You aren't the only customer to think about switching through their changes.
Out 10th, bad player made a terrible call and got there. Nothing I would do different. Played well. Ty for the
Good question. Some people believe a list of 25 restricted schools is over the top.
do it up. We're here.
As I am tweeting the game goes over ! Thanks Keith for a great day !
Dang WADE!
Just realized James Franco has a big sunflower on his shirt in the entire movie 127 hours.
Complimentary seats at the Total #Security Summit December 5th, Atlanta, GA are going quickly!
Did you see the Groove Hair & Nail Neptune NJ on appointmentlink.com. Pls tell us what you think.
can't even hear the whistle on the field for the ones in the stands
Watching your kids learn new things > learning new things yourself
Can you elaborate?
Way to #VAlueYourPower #VA residents! RT : more SWVA homeowners signed up for #energy retrofits this week than ever before
Goodbye, bellybutton, it's been fun having you in my life. I hope we're reunited soon.
Cheesy bites. More like uneasy bites.
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
Once in a while, the meaningless jokes you say actually hurt me.
Darn it man, really missing you here at #DevLearn. Was thinking we'd finally get to meet you!
Local Economy report: Spring is Here! The Building and Restoration Season is Upon Us! Believe in Good, ignore the pessimists!
I want a book called How to Succeed in Life Without Ever Really Moving From MY BED
Sunny day in Seattle. Would rather be running my Farm Boss than running around to meetings......
That would be whacky.
Yea! I'm there RT : Christmas in july, PIB?
OH JESUS GOD I CAN'T GO TO DANCE NEXT THURSDAY BECAUSE OF CHOIR.
Thanks for mention !
all been good since Saturday. I will let y'all know if it acts up again. Thanks for your help.
Hmm, fun date with horses & rich parents or rainy picnic at a crummy football field with dopey band members?
I want it to be the Heat vs Spurs in the finals!
welcome to Twitterverse, it's a great place to explore
I'm jealous of other students who got their lovely room.
Thanks for the RT! It's good, we promise! :)
I Just ate The best soup EVER. it was soo god ! :D xx
#milwaukee Bring a fresh look into your home! Try thermo-modified wood moulding. They last last and are less expensive than composite!
Wow...yet again I procrastinate with posting the screen of Dempsey. Ugh. Oh well...I've been doodling anyways.
think you have to be a teenage girl to like #thehungergames?
So I guess I am wasting my time
Thanks for not saving me a seat I'll just enjoy my view of the keynote up here from the front. ;)
Are you a technology enthusiast, educator, tinkerer, builder or artist? Then you'll love our talk Fri - Demystifying the Hacker Space
Watching my friend Don Swayze in Slow Dance in Midtown @ The Whitefire Theatre!
Appreciate the follows! Enjoy today.
Need to save on parking? Try taking out to the show. Max Yellow line will take you right to the expo.
I have never been so insulted.
MT ... perfect day for outdoor dining in San Diego! Hit up , or for lunch/dinner!
Let's get drunk tonight, babyboy you got my digits, hit me up 'round 10 and i be over in a minute. hahaha
If we get to see tomorrow, I hope it's worth all the wait.
I think imagination is often more important than technique.
How to build successful International partnerships: MOUs of max 3yrs and at least 1 #faculty to champion on campus.
Sites/blogs like yours are a catch 22. Post very valuable info along with shitty opinions and hype. Problem today: It's a game!
Well...you're welcome :)
NICE! I can't reveal if that's right or not until tomorrow, but... NICE! lol
So There Was This Box That Said " DANGER , HIGH VOLTAGE!" , And iWas tryna open it right after I read it lol -Stupid , But Curious.
Caught my first trout on a fly this season. Way much fun.
First thing said after announcement by pundits? "Kindle is all but dead now." Price comparison, though?
#FF great week of social media discovery
Recey is a fool!! She out here goin hard on all Greeks!! Gotta love ..that's my soror tho!
man... there are so many!
Everytime you use self checkout you endorse the corporate bottom line strategy and remove opportunity for employment for Americans.
Packers have to get an OL if not A Rodgers will be running like year 2.
happy birthday Jim!!! I hope my dad is behaving. If not let me know and I can talk some sense into him. Have fun!!!
It's happy hour at the #firestonedistrict, so make your way down to , or !!! Or maybe even all of us!!!
thanks for the follow. If you need a photographer, I am the woman for the job!
Good for you!
I really like the submarine metaphor by James Donnelly in the February edition of It's so true!
That's why Kobe doesn't trust his teammates
My thoughts on yesterday's super bowl. Rather have Philip Rivers than Eli the punk any day. The chatter of "what if's" is stupid.
About time won a Golden Globe
Bells are still chimming here in ravenswood.....a half an hour of serious bell ringing for the good one0:-) yehh.
Got the keys to the day job's new building today. Still a LOT of work to do to get the place ship-shape. But keys are a good first step :)
Check The Stats My Team Winning !
New stuff coming soon! Please check out the website and webshop! The first promotion contest will be announced soon! So free stuff for you!
Oh what a night! Shopping, movies, clubbing. I love you Brisbane... After 5 am, just finished a toasite and I'm off to bed.
I seriously do not know what to say on Twitter anymore with Basketball season over.. Lol
so do I. I don't let it get to me though, I'm fine the way I am and you should think the same! You taught me that Devan<U+E32A>
Q4 (from the audience): what about muscle fatigue?
at my house we call those "Moon over Miami"
holy shit you are so fucking sexy omg i am dying omg
Any tips on good indian food???
nice to connect. How about them Sox! Good thing we have the B's and C's =)
#miserable #nomotivation I need a pickup bad
<====Is this the real Tom Waddle???
Those services are funded by taxes from that same community so who is more productive(total potential) bureaucrat or business?
thanks Nick! I hope so too. Bah!
I cannot reveal my talents for finding information :)
your reward is unlimited free blood pressure testing and all the valium you can eat
this was a few years ago...she tripped going down stairs and had to take several weeks off...now she is training for an ultra
Travel is one of the things that I love most about life. And it's such a huge bummer that it's so expensive to fly with a family of four.
Oh snap! A motorcycle shop pin-up shoot is in the works... So excited!!!
Teams are always playing catchup to #Packers, that's part of why there's so many pass yes against them. And cuz their secondary sux
Hate falling out with my best friend! :(
“: I got a joke, did u hear the one about Jim Caldwell walkin into the colts complex on a monday?” very funny!!!
Sign up for our golf tournament now! 7/20 at FireRock GD $85 incl. green fees, golf cart, box lunch, and dinner at FOX Sports Grill.
People don't know what they have right in front of them :/
Min Hyoung Song: As-Am writers may feel as if they are selling out to the market, able only to take on a vanguard position.
Lets GO B-HOP.
Hope you all had a great thanksgiving
RT : Tomorrow is #FriFotos. The theme is MOUNTAINS. Are your pics ready? Spread the word!
“: I miss grade school where stealing a crayon was the biggest drama you'd get. #simplyteens”
lmfao @ an old man having the same shirt as my brother
Campers are "occupying" downtown Portland sidewalk. It's on #GoodDayOregon this morning.
I'm a prof in #Alaska and many students work 2 jobs to pay for college. What kind of a country doesn't support students?
i take mine off
Yeah...this was not Julie's tweet...WOMAN, sign out of your Twitter account when you're done on the computer!!
awe... your the best... you all can stop by for coffee and pozole before or after your plans... AMO...
If you live in the Richmond VA area, tune in to Q94 (94.5 FM) tomorrow night at 5:20PM to hear the radio debut of our single, Miss Me Now!
time to widen the gap!
I'm pretty sure you're ahead of me. But I guess I'll never know for sure.
i wish u would follow me
Hi Lady. Thoughts of you coming from the Queen City. Hope you're well.
A guy is racing at talladega with no sponsor. So he put the paintjob of a cougar on it like from the movie talladega nights Ricky bobby lol!
About two and a half years.
alright I'm wearing it! :)
Can't we all just get a bong?
It be lovely of someone could just hit me across the head with a hammer to make my head stop hurting, I think four days now has been enough.
#juststoprightthere #Atlanta and check this out bit.ly/ElvisShow
I was thinking that too. But it would be nice if their were a Like button on twitter.
working on my website - www.rachelmagee.com, happy spring break!
I hung out with Finn and Rachel last night. IN REAL LIFE. I went to Finn's house for a party lol!
Omg no thanks for the invite, its okay I didn't wanna come.
I'm always amazed when I piss in bars how many people carry around spare Sharpies.
I saw that Floyd's name looked a little off so I assumed they had some sort of colored swatch on...just switched to NFL Network.
“RT : You're correct. 4-4 if this score holds. < I'll wait until the game is over, if you don't mind.” So record now?!
lol that was funny:p
“: #MentionTo your friend who loves watching Disney movies so much.” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
SO SOON!!
damn it feels good to be a gangster!
Looks wonderful!
New link for mentors added to the site. See all your mentors under one heading! www.IamINC.biz
Finish it off Braves
Frikin KOL sucked. Played hand full of songs and f'n walked off the stage. Sucks.
Thanks! It was a success, and better than a cocktail.
thank you for the RT. Hope to see you on Sunday!
Dnt txt me if u dnt have nothin to say... I HATE THAT SHIT
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 3
I wonder how people would react if I walked into Sea World with a fishing pole.
answer my text!!
Probably why we worked well together :)
I hate people who tweet but cant text me back..
Act like it
Need more followers
Did you do another one?
OMG! I CANT WAIT!! I am so geeked about this site i cant wait to show you guys
Got all the people I need in life that I love, couldn't be any better!
If she doesn't care if you wear a condom or not, Then you might want to wear 2.
uh oh, bc we just watched Saracen bury his father and that was rough.
#JustRememberThat sometimes pride should be swallowed
Re-watched Criterion documentary THE CURIOUS BIRTH OF BENJAMIN BUTTON by David Prior and friend Keith Clark last night. Awesome stuff.
Be on the lookout at 3pm today for another Dell Residence Renovation Aftershock instant winner. It could be you!
"The business of libraries today is to meet customers where they are." Secretary of State Ken Dentzer
oh awesome!! but I want to wait until I get my edition of Trespassing in the mail. it will be more special lol :3
What a jerk
We hope everyone's having a fun and relaxing summer! See you in the fall! /yd
Just comprehended the birthday present I got from last night...I am one lucky man
Thank you for making me feel better tonight. #Knicks see you in the fall.
RT Download Chapters 1 & 2 of & 's new book, "It's Not About You" at www.INAYBook.com
Before some of you have even hit the snooze button I've run 5 miles, had breakfast, showered and gotten dressed for the day.
I am not young enough to know everything. -Oscar Wilde
Yea, he's a cool dude! Got his own thing! Go back & see Pope Of Greewich Village. He's always been a GREAT actor!
That's Probably the Heat I'm gonna bring to the Dance Floor
It's been raining for almost 4 days now, I will collect 2 of every animal if someone else builds The Ark.
Happy Valentines Day Biscuits! <3
Thank you for your support! Will we see you at #FPAC20 this year?!
m, making me hungry! Glad you love.
#randomfact All I do is flame ppl when I'm bored
Support me guys ! Some peoples laugh at me because my skin color.If you not support me i will be sad ! can i have a tweet?<3
Woosah... -Patty Chung
next week!
I Don't Really Care anything about you, bitch.
#toddlersandtiaras scares the shit out of me.
look stunning I love Kimberley's dress <U+2764>
Wooohoo! RT : On the way to morongo to see my momdukes while listening to on ! Happy Mother's Day! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>
CM Cardenas just told the Convention Center GM he's been using a donkey to compete with thoroughbreds. And...here's the Q about FarmersField
is a loser and hates Weingarten. Especially her ovaries.
this morning's lightbox art pit community listenage: alternating herb alpert and karl zero
Ever seen someone's tooth look like it was trying to play thread the needle ?
The tattoo looks great! Congrats on 6 years of freedom!
but wat if u really are the victim??
OH @ #baltimorechallenge: W: O, look! Those people are dressed as nerds. W: no, those are just regular nerds.
Life is a gift. Never forget to enjoy every moment you are in. (via: )
Do you follow international developments? How much involved are you?
thanks! Ill be sending you an email soon!
Morning Farmers, swing by today & pick up our strain of the day; Super Silver Berry!
it's great. I have a tournament this weekend in fact.
where y'all from
nothing is free, particular when or federal government gets involved, services or otherwise.
i hope is ok, i just checked the score...
RT : reporters covering tonight's #CNNDebate: , , & Making #AU proud
Blue indian
Refreshing AND delicious!
a prayer circle it works out for you! You guys need to be with us in NY! You must! Imagine how awesome it's going to be! XD
Wow. #NewOrleans' own Archbishop Hannan is trending on !
PRECIOUS-Gold climbs above $1,660/oz after U.S. data
The dream.
In PA, 2007: study finds schools underfunded >$4 bil. 2011: Gov. cuts basic ed. funding by $1 bil. Now: Senate passes vouchers
the opening of a new illy quite a treat :-)
cant repond to your dm, user thats not following me i cant direct message
cc & MT Really enjoying your site! Great way 2 connect and network with people for my company!
": Gary Neal (shoulder stinger) will be available for Game 1 tomorrow. Spurs' injury report is empty."
Girls U14 YellowJackets play in state championship game Saturday morning at The Edge
Thanks so much for the follow, Melissa! Check out my music if you have time. Hope you like it <3
i want a smoothie!
safe house is legit. I'm sad you didn't like drive as much as I did. The wedding is oct. 13th. Be there or be square. Love you
Watch the looney toons! :) used to watch it when I was younger. Good times, good time :) lol
Thanks for RT! Have a great weekend!
hahah, that would have been totally fine if you had been! cannibal corpse is just bad.
Exciting announcement Wednesday. Hint: woMen robert, car, brick. airplane, Nature, achieve, women, bob; pLane, concrete, fail, meN. America.
Rhetorical Tweets.
no I don't think I ever would just becuz the idea is plain stupid lol
: what can I say? If I was paid a salary for biz I started with ex hubs would have been a lot less. : )
#Wisconsin: I think you can capitalize on the #California #mad cow to rebut those "happy cows come from CA" ads once and for all.
Always check your car alignment since this can cause engine drag, results an increase gas waste.
Trending topics are pitiful these days
ayye!! whats good bro i sent you an email with my music check it wont be a waste of your time!
I hate living here...wanna live on a beach
Just said by my friend Jeremy, "Did your body just make a loud noise?"...it doesn't get more to the point than that!
i mean point.
I'm uber excited for the second week :D Yes..I did say 'uber' xD
of course, draft-dodging cowards like naturally gravitate toward the party of chickenhawks.
World History is going to be the total DEATH of me. Not to even mention geometry..
I don't like folding the corners of my #books as a #bookmark...so i fold a sheet of paper & gently align it on the last sentence i read. Lol
I just wanna know when there's going to be a book signing in NY...or PA.
RT : Melo on talking to Nugs about staying: “I haven’t had that conversation probably since November, December."
Confession time ;) I have just now ventured beyond the Facebook abyss and am exploring the Twitter skies- wish this rookie luck! :)
As in foam roll? Yup! =) Thanks for kicking my butt last night! RT Who's ready to ROCK N ROLL?! YEA!!
Nate wasn't listening to anything on spotify cause he's insecure and doesn't want you to know he likes Whitney Houston
Gotta get to the money!!!
Come on Giants. . .
go to amazon I'm pretty sure talk is always cheap or at a discounted price so bring that action
...has a preexisting condition that makes health insurance companies deny him. Obamacare would help that.
Someone should tweet me tomorrow and give me somethin to do!!!
My daughter tries to get me to wear tiaras and fishnets out. What do the 1st graders know? Keep them. I love mine.
Checking out the new Facebook timeline for brand pages, and it's pretty cool to see Eastern Bank's story go back to 1818.
UNC professor recognized for HIV prevention study
RT : Saw premiere of 'Sushi: The Global Catch' Impressed by vision for sustainable sushi.
if you call that living in the darkness then you can have the sun. Nsync all day!
Don't forget about Dad! Father's Day is this Sunday!
When I'm talking to somebody & its lowkey getting serious , I want to make sure if the only one they're talking to is me .
Thats why I dont fuck with my own people. They crazy!!!!!!!!!!
Down to the last session. This is really a fantastic conference #IUG2012 See you in
False alarm... WOW!
home again?
Always painful to hear this kind of news. RT : Excellent political reporter Aman Batheja laid off by Fort Worth Star-Telegram.
“: 11:11 and wishing for you,” it's 11:13 and I'm a little late, but I'm here! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Good luck to night :)
It was fun meeting you too! I'm working on a blog post right now. I'll send you a linky. #theremaybebirdpoop ;-)
Getting ready to watch the new Footloose with kids and the Mrs.
Deforestation In Latin America: Afflicting The christian louboutin ...
Comment For lakers or LMS FOR HEAT
so i finally started TFiOS today and i'm not sleeping or eating or moving from my bed until i finish.
Hahaha.....It's about time he found out about our relationship XD
Another #Amtrak delay. AWESOME!!!!!!!!! maybe well get to dc by 2:45am
Well, it's like Lt. Caffey asking a private to turn to the page marked "Code Red." No? Well some rules are diff?
Yes, we do have a men's section that will soon launch, but we would love to connect.
Nice! money-money-money....MONEY (O'Jays - Apprentice Theme Song)
Can someone please explain to me how Harry Morgan has made it this long? My god, he looked to have one foot in the grave already on M*A*S*H!
Mess with the rich... boycott Facebook for a solid week after the IPO.
Allure decided this Xfactor Judge needed a makeover .. check out the Fab picture and video!
Everything that man says was just churning in a blender in my head a msec ago. LoVE
Stop hoping for the best and make the best happen for you. Good things come to those who wait, but they also come to those that go for them.
Hate to see Chipper retire at the end of the year but Father Time catches up with everybody. Hope Chipper and Bobby Cox go out winners...
Whos ready to watch some NHL tonight!
I REALLY want Austin to do a video for Say Something. That would be too amazing<3
lets invite them out, they look like they need a drink or ten
Awkward moment in Joe buck's post game....
Free advice: go look at your last blog post date businesses. Ours was Feb 29! Time flies... Posting a new one today as that's ridiculous!
the oldest grade is 12th grade here :)
no I wasn't edgar. You practically gave me attitude , then thats when igave it back :/
Yay, my back feels amazing after my #acupuncture appt.
Congrats to on his first college bucket. There will be many more, but don't tell him I said that.
What has 1 tweet & 5000 followers? I don't know either but they keep trying to follow me. Quit it!! Really, quit it. I prefer people.
that's the demon from the 12th dimension that will kill all humans
Eastern Time kills me. But Central Time? I just fall back into it like I never left.
on my way home from Muncie. Had a great time!:)
Who can u blame wen these niggas treat em the same!
FYI if you want a guy to ask you out again do not spend the entire date talking about your ass**le husband and your bad kids.
Super stoked to get back to teaching this week after an amazing #90Minutes101 on Thursday. Thanks for the inspiration !!!
CARPET BOMB!
Let's get wasted!! Happy st pattys day!!!!!
Just remember to *high five* each other for everyone! ;)
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head
Yes! Actually, no... Cause im the UK merch guy RT : You're firing your merch guy and taking me to the UK?
I have this annoying cough does airborne medicine really help?
is that where I got my spatial abilities? I too can pack a trunk with ease.
I look forward to the day that I'm employed! To those of you that are employed, you are blessed! Be thankful!
Kaitlyn telling on her brother: "Dad, Alex just hit me with a waffle!" I laugh. Both Alex and I get in trouble.
RT : The world did nothing- nothing (not one bit of action) about Cambodia. Don't let that occur in Syria.
I just finished writing a bio covering 20 years in 70 words or less.
I had maid. She no spoke English. RT : i had butler
Could really go for some North Carolina Barbecue right now, Can you deliver some to NY?
Tyshawn Taylor is the man.
The buzz is #AgentCoulson will be back in #Avengers 2 as #Vision. Yay or nay?
Thanks for following.... Enjoyed your singing at XXXkaraoke
if you gone be a layer you gotta treat yo main and side chick 50/50
#Monarchy good tonight at #Echoplex. Tons of gay guys there. Who knew?
.: Don’t let your happiness depend on something you may lose. ~C.S. Lewis
If I didn't love my job today would be miserable.
<3 you're welcome
Just watch Glad You Came on MTV<3
RT Misericordia #CandyDays this weekend! Please donate! You can text a $5 donation to 25383 by sending the word "MIS"
RT : Working in #highered allows me to explore and fall in love (again) with everything my university has to offer.
hey boo I'm moved to Atlanta call me 404 573 0312
nice sweater man!
IM GONNA BE THERE TOO!!!
NEVER FAIL CHECK THIS LINK www.zshare.net/audio/764709348e9d6a6e/ www.zshare.net/audio/76471189bba3e75e/
Normally stick to business / growing business in the Carolina's. But tonight some basketball. Go Boilers!!! A lot of great March Madness.
pandora kinda night!
Tonight monica!I will be djing from 10p-2am.excellent Asian fusion food, dancing patio/sexy Lounge. W.Wokcanorestaurant.com
Let the record show that this week cannot end fast enough.
Thanks for the follow Jeremy! Tell us, what should never be done on Social Media?
And thanks! You can too!
Getting ready for awesome cooking class with chef josh !
It is such a nice day outside :) I'm glad that i am getting to enjoy it.
got yelled at by pop for making that 3
I know you probably get this a lot, but I love you, Liam! Thank you for always making me smile.<U+2665> #SoProudOfYou! :) xx
wine works! I'm actually in rainy SEA vs Austin. Couldn't make it this yr. :(
Selfishly I wish all pastors looked and dressed and talked like me
the scoop with is my new favorite radio segment in Detroit!
yay my mom got me bieber valentines lol
Worrying doesn't help tomorrow's troubles but it does ruin today's happiness.
My commute today inspired me to purchase a bubble umbrella
The only reason I have twitter is for Austin.
Perfect. What time r we back?
Everyone if you could please go like Bieber Is My Beast on facebook it's mine and my sister's page, and our other one got hacked and deleted
hi hun! same to you! this day sneaks up on me every year...
yeah i know dude. I cant get "The Dream Time Machine" out of my head!!
Are you up for rafting on New Years Eve? It could be quite fresh!!!!!
well, that is a true statement.
your my bro
wonders what wonderfulness waits in Walla Walla, Washington.
Ignite summary by at #COFLA: #Philanthropy must be and support innovation, we create meaning, we must hardwire optimism.
[Rep. Tim Scott (R-SC) is] not much worried about default, saying: “I hope the Lord blesses our nation in a way that is measurable.”
I did!
that's good. I didn't know a vagina had two holes until this year.
Yum! is looking for Chili chefs on 7/21 hint hint ;) : Time to make Brewcity Chili w/ &
What's this? A Twitter devoted to absurd Wikipedia quotations?
Reading some throughtful journal responses to Divergent by about family and identity cured the institute day blues.
ok, let me know, hopefully it works out. I'd love to go help out with your suspension too if possible
Welcome to my cyberworld Jibrail Nor . I hope #Manizales and the treated you well. Ill hope our paths will cross again.
My absolute least favorite TV character: Manny from Modern Family.
roses are red, violets are blue. he's for me & not for you. & if by chance you take my place, ill take my fist & smash your face ! (:
love 's new song "get it" <3
This is seriously perfect.. And we need to figure out how many days until !!!
I love you aunt diane, you are a strong woman youll get through anything!
enjoyed Only a Lamb and reading about your journey! Praise God!
my god he's so cute!!!
I would like to thank my high school #math teachers for not making me a TOTAL
my pleasure!
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people. <U+2015> Virginia Woolf
This kid is standing way too close to me.
I use twitter as post notes I hope all is well
Thank you Sands! Love you RT Happy Mother's Day to my Sands you rock!!!
What does PPL stand 4?
According to Twitter-similar-to-me: , , ,
hahaha son of a. I'm special.
just bought bad meets evil....masterpiece, well done
Thanks for retweeting our Go West Book Fest event!
“: The beauty of trying something you've never done is that you're not supposed to be good at it.” Especially true for #zumba :)
He's pretty old man. Still a great story and part of their original core.
Fine. I'll say it. Getting moved to Friday with Whitney and potentially without Harmon seems like a slap in the face.
Haven't looked at it yet. Running as fast as I can!
Hi my fucking name is Aviel and I'm a rageaholic. Fuck you for trying to autocorrect that iPhone. And fuxk that capitalization. FUCK
Ive noticed this strange klanging flange sound that must be picked up by the rim or crowd mics whenever games in memphis are aired
Ranger game tonight! you ready? #wewantthecup #RANGERSFORLIFE!
Can't wait to find clip of Phillip Phillips playing "the stone"...perfect dmb gem to bring to mainstream crowd that is American Idol
so true! It's been a busy week at #Dell but we are still a technology solution company...not a burger joint. :-)
be proud!>Damn, When I Look Back On My Life And All The Shit I Have Done, Bullshit Aside Ive Really Grown Up !
It's exactley the same! x
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. ~Oprah Winfrey
Hoping I can stay awake.
And that night is still clear as day<3
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
2011 finally saw some lenders sell their troubled ATL CRE assets to well capitalized bargain hunters. That should pick up in 2012.
Steve Earle sings Townes at the Crest. Hell, yeah!
Who do you have winning the Finals? I'm going with OKC or the Heat. With Bosh out I'm leaning more OKC.
Do You believe in Destiny? I believe that thing happens for reason!
Reading is sometimes an ingenious device for avoiding thought.
we're an awesome show!
Join us and for our BFF music video release and Alen's birthday party tonight in Logan Sq. (Direct message for the address)
Im watchn home alone and I feel like I should wait till Christmas to watch this.
Is it just me, or does Tony LaRussa always look like he needs to take a huge dump?
Up listening to 's awesome production on these new #AChits and making some tracks. i dont sleep. all i can do is make music
Nothing but 70's for the next 10 days??!! AH-mazing!
Get in line. Sabrina already wants some, and Mathieu will eat anything that reminds him of a burger.
We already have a winner! RT Fran Tarkenton
This is the official TX Street Team!
ah! good morning how are you?(:
We are so excited that our 2011 Retreat is almost here! So many amazing ideas/projects/music adventures to work on!
Everyone please follow , a new charity to help disabled people pay for medical equipment and supplies. Please RT for others
| I don't understand how fried Kool Aid works.
I like upsets as much as the next guy but I have Mich St taking it all.
Republicans have been accused of abandoning the poor. It's the other way around. They never vote for us.
wish I was in Dayton with you all...looks like fun
Junior Seau one I the greatest men on and off the field will be missed greatly
Why on earth did you see it in the first place?
Over this being broke thing. Give me back my 40 hours.
Jason Kipnis with a solo shot to right center! 4-1 Tribe!
We'd like to invite our members and VIPs to come out at 6:00 on Friday for our members reception with Diego Huerto of #31kPeace!
What a bizzy day it's been today I'm so stressed. My nice friend is helping me graduate :))
When 5ft-5in Stefan Logan was on practice field 1st day on #Lions Stafford told staff a kid was on field; seriously thought it was
yes! Those lips. Yummy!
Lord, free me to show your love through a caring hug at just the right moment, just as Jesus welcomed the little children to him.
Haha ! RT : Hey I just got some cool sunglasses! Maybe I can guest at Pechanga since I'm flier official!
That's why I don't sweat Marty's post-game interviews after a crappy game. He takes responsibility in the next one.
Austin-> Nashville-> Paris-> Palermo-> Greece-> South Africa-> Dubai-> Kuwait-> Istanbul-> Ibiza. Might as well start a band.
u did awesome on Watch the throne bro. good shit. Wolf Gang!
It's so funny how Dawn is such a fucking idiot. She'll believe anything.
Unbelievable: had to wait about an hour for my oil change and due to that, THEY DID NOT CHARGE ME! WOW! They get homemade cookies tomorrow!
lmao!!! Oh Oh so u get down like that? Lol
One direction were in an American magazine I'm proud of them but yet not ready for them to be famous here :(
A training is what really helped me wrap my head around the process, & how to teach it to students - both AP & not.
RT : Preservationis selfish. GIVES RESONANCE makes our lives better right now. Not as a means of denying present.
awww great interview! Love him! Excited for the NBA draft to c where he goes!!!
Native Foods on Belmont!
Had a wonderful weekend ;)
20% of content is "evergreen"
ehhh I think I'll go amazon anyways, even if they matched they don't have a pre-order bonus. I've never ordered online before
Do you know if the free version is as effective in cutting down transcription time? Thanks for the info!
Ozzie Smith/Andruw Jones factor: Teixiera just makes it all look easy.
Neil Patrick Harris is doing a great job hosting the Emmy's
We are the WTF generation : Wikipedia, Twitter and Facebook.
We're following you now, so you should be able to DM. You can also email your question to . Thank you!
Ugh just because you like Seinfeld doesn't make you an intellectual OKAY
heart to hearts with my best friend
so glad you liked it, and safe travels--looking forward to "carrying" you again soon!
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
Tina Brown would have been wiser to put the image of Obama on a unicorn shooting rainbows from his hands on the cover of Newsweek.
Wild boar burger at The Dove m.
this sucks. i need a new quad my 150 aint going to cut it anymore :(
... what about a shout out for me lol
love u too sweeti
Is it because you grew a mustache too? RT Dear Movember. I'm so glad you're almost over.
Great effort by Moulson in the #Flyers zone. Shows determination in outbattling 2 Flyers for the puck.
The next generation of preservations is speaking. Julia, 5th grader speaks about Libby Hill Overlook.
bring the English packet to gym
; you're right, they're adorable. (;
"You fight great but I'm a great fighter" - Apollo Creed
hope it's big in a wonderful way!
Ima act like I Didnt See that tweet.....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> in other news im about done with twitter
Attention Atlanta: Be on the lookout for a Pro-Love Flash Mob. We are bring Disco to the streets of the city.
In a forum on the Philippine consumer market hosted by the Philippine ... Agribusiness, real estate and tourism will be among the key...
:) RT The deadline for the Apps for Communities challenge has been extended to August 31! Stay tuned for judges announcement.
Watching Star Wars for the first time tonight. It's a big step.
Great weekend for Los Angeles NBA Basketball!! #LAKESHOW #CLIPSHOW ;)
You are not old. 'Cause I'm older than you, and I can't be old yet. ;-) Many happy returns! :-)
"take your cousin to the store" why? "cuz if she goes alone she'll get kidnapped" well then that's a win-win situation for me if i stay.
lol that's wild man
Interested in attending the PA Conference for Women? Your NAWBO membership gets you a $15 discount. Use discount code: PACP24
"Wherever you go, I'll be there." My amazing sister, I love you so much.
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> y'all : w/#AmendmentOne passage #NC becomes one more state where I can never raise a family.
OH HEY, I'M GOING TO EUROPE TOMORROW! Fjfidhfifugid
aww(: thank you(: I try my best!.(: #followme I love you(: ohh. Btw.. I love #saysomething!(: and I love you(:
It's getting awfully dark n here did someone turn off the lights
Any luck? It already sold out!
is trying on her wedding dress tomorrow. it's getting closer to oct 6th. I love you!
Kitty sitting on laptop. Love you kitty, but I'm trying to work!
It’s not a true Sunday Funday if you ain’t at the beach.
Everyone shut the fuck up about the rangers game. Especially the band wagon fans. It's best of 5 we'll come back
Orlando! We are currently expanding our network of sponsors! Be sure to get in contact with us!
EDWIN MAYSONET GRAND SLAM!! I figured I'd be typing that a lot this year...
you made my day! thanks girl
“ “ I acted like it wasn't a big deal, when really it was breaking my heart.””
haha, I've always wondered about that. I mean, how often do you eat at Capriotti's? ;) create it now so you're mayor!
Thank you Rachel, you are always so sweet! :)
Why is life so boring?
and good morning Latin Princess, should I lay the carpet for you?
please follow me your my inspiration!!
what kind of Tshirt?
just so everyone knows is a horrible friend and she gets you cheap birthday gifts even after being friends for 5 years..
I'm ugly.
You the man, Jalen. #GoBlue RT ": Thanks for the love to everyone watching the Michigan at Illinois game on #trending”
"The Abyss" is on TV. One day, someone will do a James Cameron career retrospective doc entitled "A Legacy of Neon"
Sometimes life can suck a big dick.
I usually eat hallacas during the holidays.(Venezuelan tamales)I think my new tradition is mole enchiladas from Los Compadres in LB!
Apply before our fall deadline May 10th and get your application fee waived! Inquire with an advisor for more information.
Good morning #Seattle! Happy #tacotuesday #seahawks good game this past weekend!
happy birthday Heather!! Tarell better take you out to a nice restaurant :p
lol Sounds like fun!
Happy Easter! :)
Juice boxes are cold, blankets are out, benches are calling you! 13 Most Beautiful...Songs for Andy Warhol's Screen Tests is about to start
did u have fun at the parade yesterday? Amazing turn-out.
My car runs on gas, not friendship. So pay the fuck up.
Watching the game at No plate of orange-cheese nachos before me. Alas.
oh ok
Looking for singles 25-45 that wants to attend a Speed Dating Event in Cincinnati next wee a few seats so inbox me
:) your welcome!
Never will me & mines go broke, i'll WHATEVER to eat even if i gotta step on yo toes 4 it
Can't wait to get out of work to do some real work!
Not this year! Thanks for the good words! Will miss you and the gang!
Switched back to for a little bit. What are you other iOS peeps using?
RT “: Mitt Romney is a pathological liar. He shouldn't be running for President with such a mental condition.”
Did you know that you can eat the inner part of a Heliconia shoot? Tastes slightly like cucumber!
many, many, many thanks for the say-n-play props. So glad it is a hit at your house! ;)
I'm gonna say it like its never been spoken!
; sorry come out tonight
wow im watchin benjamin button but i wanna watch 106&Park :0 so tied up rght now....lol
plans are underway for the nealpocalypse
- I like that! Do you know who the maker is?
not yet
Turbo weather baby !!!! I love hearing my turbo spool weeppppaaaaa
I failed at my attempt but got a real good chuckle despite the fact that he didn't fall for the my Thule getting ripped off my...
RT Social search brings trust to search results
Chipotle love it
uploading my naughty vid to the group now...comments..suggestions???
love U2!
#Trayvon It is terrible when anyone gets murdered. I am not concerned about his race. None of us should be...
I am really digging the song on #KEXP right now.
Carlos "Khalib Starnes" Condit gets the decision? Give me a break!
CandySwipe almost at 2 million game plays since its release in December!
great read thank u! I agree wrestlemania 17 was one of my favs
Your very welcome! Thanks for the follow as well. Have a wonderful weekend.
LOL. See you Saturday!
Apparently I was sitting around the corner from a house fire for 10 min. w/o noticing.
Feeling old walking in the door. When I was younger I'd just now be walking out the door
Happy 15th #php !! ...and many more.
What is too much really :)
It's better to keep your mouth shut and look stupid than open it and prove it.
Yup :) His name is Kameron lol
I'd like to see the AHA license logos for fresh foods (including properly raised animals), and less for packaged/processed foods
A way to get into stores. Have a cart with some items. Put a recall sign on it. Few businesses will ask you to leave.
Bridesmaid dresses, check! Done & done :)
How more much f**"ed over can i get?:( it's everyday:(
and why the reverse is also true.
Lol, at the rain. :D
Thanks for the #FF love. We think you're worth following too!
you don't know how excited that makes me! WOOOHOOOOOO!!!
Yes, yes, YES! I'm totally into it.
I WILL BOW TO NO ONE
omg how did you burn your neck?? Did your mom burn you?
., this Thursday is my birthday. Can we set up one of your cupcake boxes as a hat so I can have a cupcake on my head all day?
Last night.
I havnt seen anyone mind fuck n get people as happy n hyped on a dancefloor as much as u do, keep it up brotha! U must kno lol
Ha! Actually too damn hot to sleep. I need to be drinking so i can just pass out. Lol. & of course I'd post pics
#ATSU Blackboard is down with technical issues. We are working with Bb to resolve the issue. We'll let everyone know when it's back up.
Don't forget, call the support number on your map if you have any questions on the course.
Mrs. Groom is much bullshit. No I'm not asleep I'm multitasking on watching & looking at twitter
Who's down to go see the avengers tonight?
What he just told me. >>>> omg <3
Osaka tower, Osaka tower, I wanna go to the Osaka tower!!!! xo
I just slept for like 12 hours.
I'm proud of my boy , he is now officially working with me !!
Downtown tonight! (:
Well then I want to hear about your other problems ;-) Likely some have been addressed. What's the best way to reach you?
Don't eat them all at once :) My big TJs prize was a wine carrier...now it's even easier to spend too much money on wine.
More lies from right wing nuts. Obama never said that. Just keep lying its all you know. Your parents must be proud.
Why there is a show called "When animals attack"? It should be called "When stupid people go near dangerous animals."
Hey thanks for following
Freaky stat. And 87% was made in China.
some people cope in different ways.. It's a new world...
Hey Kawon, I seen you tweet your looking for producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
Kyle Korver is out here clothes lining people. That was a harder foul than a lot of others I've seen, but no one seemed to notice
Listening to and enjoying every minute of it
No lie though, that concert was TIGHT AF!!!!! He shouted me out in the crowd too lol drake is definitely that nigga
NOVEMBER 10. It's a Thursday.
Those girls certainly get parched..
What a weekend! Thanks for the hundreds of new followers in the last 24 hours. It means a lot!
Hey, cats got it going on all the time unlike out doggie friends who are sporadically cute. We are cute 24/7. High paw!
I'm a numbnuts. Yes.
Thanks very much for those RTs.
almost summer <U+E056><U+E420><U+E04A><U+E04A>
College of Mount St. Joseph's classes for Saturday, Jan. 21 will being at 9:30am due to weather. The College will open at 9am.
how do u help a 18 year old who boyfriend said for a least 2 years that she loved her then one day tell her it was all a lie
lol thats what happens when you kick the habit
- Oh Its A Little Too Bright LOL
Oh okay, LoL... probably military related....I think I was in uniform when I was there too!?!
I'd love to sit here & wait for you to talk to me, but i have better things to do.
I miss her but 2 much pride 2 tell her.. I kno she looks at my timeline tho lol
One of the computers in the office went to screensaver. Still says 'Happy Holidays!'
Funnest April ever. Way to come back,
"#Mom don't check on me tonight" says a 7yo DudeSter 45 min after lights out as he stumbles out of the bedroom.
Thank you. And best of luck with your series.
Bon Iver's great at keeping me sane.
Finished my first Race For The Cure 5K in 37 minutes! So proud of mom beating cancer and finishing it as well! :)
hi how are u today?
“: Looking forward to brunch next weekend!” can't wait 2see u again!
Im losing my voice & shxt
I'll always have u just like a tattoo </3 :***
Obsessively downloading apps for my new iPad. is my current fav.Translates all social+online media feeds into an amazing interface
Thanks to for having one of the best booths at !!! I loved you!!!
6 more 'till 100 followers? #MAHOMIES4EVER TREND IT FOR
ill take my time , we'll be all righh .
Spread the word that this is my new twitter ya'll.
she will run hard...so says my $600
"Pain makes you stronger. Fear makes you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser." <3
Thank you for helping at the Harvest Dinner. We appreciate you!
haha yeah idk about that yet. i'll have to relisten to him. and yes! come over! i bought a cake pop pan too!
I am impressed w/ both PBOT presentation & audience ?'s.
Katy Perry. We are waiting!!!
Hazelnuts, filberts, noissettes... they all taste the same to me.
mentioned passed by. He called, “Come over and sit down here, So-and-so!” And he came over and sat down. 2Then [Boaz] took ten #Torah 75
GS got worse, but the real losers are the Knicks, now they are in real trouble in the race for the PO.
I thought it was a great idea...I hope you get lots of donations!
please ask Richard O'Brien why he couldn't have let Meat Loaf live just a little longer. And tell him #RockyHorror still rules.
A sequel to the Applewhites? I'm so excited!
Gonna sing to #oomf :)
thats the sweetest quote ever <3
While corn husks are traditional, banana or plantain leaves are used in tropical Mexico, like Oaxaca- try our tamales Oaxaqueños.
Try taking out the battery for a minute, put it back on, then try to restart.
We liked your Haiku. There are so many good ones. But some, not so much...
I am now going to stop watching American idol because is no longer on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
25 today, people!! Halfway to 50 ;)
nah mean?
Broadway Bar!! $500 Bikini contest,$1.00 Margaritas all night,GGW crew & Mr.Gameshow,it can get better than that arrive early this Friday!!
Waiting at the airport to fly to LA. Plane has been delayed several hours now :(
You've got that ONE THING ..... the tickets to Vegas!! Please choose me.
Refuse to even acknowledge Facebook, gives me straight anxiety
but they got their doors blown off when it counted
Just gave a free pass to Duke & Coach K. If it were anyone else they would tear them apart.
Palladia is such a rad channel. Saw a super sick Soundgarden 2010 performance recently that got me inspired.
I like this one better though...
Thanks Mel. That *really* helps!
Real human beings In a real human struggle...if you have some light, please let it shine.
Are you guys ready for whats about to go down its gona be epic!
If you're rockin a smart phone don't forget to "check-in" on your Facebook app while you're here. Thanks Fuji fans.
Trust God from the bottom of your heart; don't try to figure out everything on your own. Proverbs 3:5
I hope they don't but it has been a bad day for 2's.
Talk to the hand, cause the face ain trynna hear it!
App is VERY buggy for me. Most descriptions go to blank pages. Would be nice to be able to create schedule by clicking on events
Hey my friends. Wells Fargo needs a some letters. Wouldn't let me use bathroom, let an eight year old boy use it. Going there 12 years.
happy birthday to youu!! :D
Thanks 4 the follow - if u know any arts mgrs interested in graduate school, send 'em my way! Would love some Aussie recruits!
My boyfriend does something really cool in a few episodes from now...keep watching it ;)
Put on the boxing glove and touch it. Or at least a pair of the white gloves they carry it with. BOOM TOUCH THE CUP!
Good Morning guys!! ;)
More proof that in Hollywood u're only as good as ur last project. DIsney film chief resigns over "John Carter" lackluster box-office. Boo!
YOUR ICON.
Deeply enjoyed hearing #KenBurns speak last night on the National Parks; going out to look inward, sharing the rediscovery of our roots.
ya esta! un latinoamerica best coffee day! Your vote?
I love Fight Club!
I am coaching the MP Tigers in the Richmond Little League. ANy love you
Sweet. I have to be at work in 4 hours and my tow truck broke down. Awesome.
Me and him gone fight lol
What happened to my copy of Blackout! 2?
So tired. got home at like 2 ... But HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to my amazing Mom <U+2665>
hahaha aha(: you would go gay for him(; thats hella funny(: but he is grand(:
Throwing Candy When the Crew Locks up Home Field Advantage!
hell's, you crazy
#NCAAB my money on Kentucy..yes
Break time. Ice cold Coke in hand
I wish manic panic would ever stay in my hair but it likes to quickly depart
#Imagine Waking up in the morning to find Liam cooking. Liam:"Good morning babe! I made breakfast for you.'' *Smiles and kisses you*
After watching that video, I'd agree with you. You guys need less meth and more practice. Have any other good home videos?
Dude at school said man my freshmen yr the hoes out here were bad now the hoes ba Lmfao
Google Nails 2011: Portrait of a Banner Year
I did, what's the deal with that? I was in the excellent lot c, now I have to park in g for the playoffs!
MAC MILLER @ MY SKOOL THIS WEEKEND...PSYCHED!....Yea right youd have to pay me just as much as him to get in that gym..
Wtf dude just come to the freakin beach. Its not that hard
Just unfollow me, theirs no need 2 talk about it, just do what u do best.
Whoever's on here lookin at my page an seeing wat I put on here an run back to my girl an tellin her shit is a straight up bitch holla at me
At Watertown Bridal Fair - set up took WAY less time than anticipated - but good thing, 'cuz I forgot something...
New best friend <3
I always like how NYC subway stations are filled with yesterdays weather. Makes me feel like a time traveller
Leap day special western turkey with bacon,bbq,and fried onions. Roll the dice. Your total is 29 lunch is on us
Watchn TV .... Comforting
neither do I. Can she teach us?
just ordered flowers for my Nan and Mom.
A fun wine fact: red wine gets lighter with age and white wine gets darker!
hahaha yay coz I'm cool and in math :/
i think was talking about the windows of the banks
RT ":Ugh he curse too much for me.....next"<--I feel u
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that San Antonio people either like Dallasites or hate us
“: Laying down at camp next to communicating via twitter :x haha oh and #pumpedforthishike” #YES <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
bring the fury fest was fun thanks for letting us play! :) any thing else coming soon to philly? Let us know please!
Sending supplies your way! Best pens in the neighborhood, we think. :)
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!! #Mahomies please help me to follow me !!! MAKE A WISH !! and have more followers8
Anderson: Critical Commons: searchable, downloadable, library of fair use clips, curated lectures and playlists
When #ItSeemsLike nobody cares, God cares. When it seems like nobody is there for you, God is ready to listen.
The biggest, most unquestioned answer of our culture is our relationship with money...
Oh my god. My night was made. <3
Only 4 more days until the #Rivoli cleanup on Saturday, the 14th.
no! leave it! thats so cute! :)
Global Veterinary Vaccines Industry
office? really? I'm getting TextMate for sure.
I am so not feeling the love right now.
Well, thank goodness for Spirit Day.
hey Mikey tell Wanda I said happy mothers day:)
that's too bad seemed like an instant classic.
Haha nothing mean about that comment. I know I'm missing out. And yes, AZ is making wonderful wine & growing!
ill prolly regret it later on but I really don't feel like playing. I will miss our kacie and kaycee moments though <U+26BD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Its gonna be a long day...
One other audience answer to "most important composer of the 20th century": Phillip Glass
hello everyone
Oh hello 14 text messages..
Where in the world is my mommy.
“Before you can learn a new way of doing things, you have to unlearn the old way. ... So beginnings depend on endings.” — Rick Maurer
Finished my workout! Worn OUT!
loveblove love house of Anubis ah it would b awesome.if.i met the cast
how has biz been?
Count Arthur Strong: 'Just a bonkers old bloke': Count Arthur Strong has been attacked for being politically inc..
We want to know....where do you plan on traveling this summer? Spring Break?
Great dinner tonight. Thanks to and the rest of the team looking forward to returning soon.
Memories take us back dreams take us forward.
In Heaven alone peace sheds her light; / There reigns pure bliss, / Calm happiness, / And one long day undimm'd by night. (1850)
#amwriting queries. If we had to send them all by snail mail, would that result in fewer queries to secure representation?
massiemendem529 (massiemendem529) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
When God moves... you just have to take a seat and watch him work.
I miss backyard hang!!! I migh
Estrada getting hit HARD to start the 4th.
Only 23 days til #graduation!! It's exciting stuff!
It actually means "bit of heart" or "touch of heart" so close!!!
Beautiful day today in Philly. Get out there and enjoy the fresh air before the next round of cold air comes.
Thanks for the follow. Good luck with your exhibit!
Hell yeah! RT : I like money and bitches and bitches wit money!
break a leg! :)
#arentyoutiredof doing all the cleaning yourself? call 586 663 0054 today! Leave the cleaning to us!
I am gonna buy a some #Vikings wearables tomorrow. #Voting with my dollars. Thanks #mnleg yes voters, #gov, #Wilf family, and fellow fans
fuck my eyelash in the picture looks like ****e's lmfao
I'd like to hear vs on "productivity" of wealthy vs the working poor.
One thousand gasps! The realization that H O U S E, M. D. returns on Monday keeps punching me in the face =D GLORIOUS!
Great opportunities to help others seldom come, but small ones surround us every day. ~Sally Koch
Is a new home smell comparable to a new car smell? I get excited all the same.
me neither sexy!
Sometimes we're good at giving advice, but not following our own.
Sure I bet :-D lol
The new social media tool that has 97% Fans that are women! Good to know
Shit's become so much more real to me lately, seriously follow me for some inspirational shit. Trust.
I won't hurt you, I just want your liiiiffffe! Dracula Dead and Loving It
Oh and a nigga who is 18 that wears glasses.
Hi Anne, we'd love to share our mustang song with you what's your email? You'll be one of the first to hear the album version!
man you must be getting old
We have Salad Reward Cards!Create your own chopped #salad, buy 7 get 1 #FREE Make em count, come & try today !
traditions gonna tradish
At the Radio Bar. Great place!!
Chk out the latest projects on the WAVE website....thnks to our clients who keep referring us, your such a great part of the story!!!
Packing gear for Last time I ran in Pen. St. Park was probably high school (trad. Mem. Day camping).
First time I saw the link. I think you are back in the lead.
Sign up for beach Volleyball. Woohooo .
Having options is optimal for media buyers
BH welcomes Illinois Craft Brewers Guild! ICBG reps outstanding craft beers 3 Floyds, Goose Island, Revolution, Half Acre, & many many more.
haha gotta love my giant windbreaker, it really makes me look pro
Thanks for the follow Johnny - we appreciate it. We generally suck at playing the #guitar, however.
Being at work tonight sucks .. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
OBAMARS DESTROYING THE ECON--er... RT : #Dow closes at 4-year high on strong manufacturing data. Nasdaq gains 0.6%, S&P edges higher.
What do Nick Diaz and Amy Winehouse have in common????
I'll be working all week on a new exclusive release I was asked to do.
If you own a property or know someone that does and we can help manage it let us know, we will increase your bookings!
#ThrowbackThursday starts now! $2 beers and $5 watermelon crushes while DJ Pumpin Paul plays your favorite 80s & 90s tracks!
Like this song..it sounds good & i started laughing:) && I saw on Brandons FB :D
DC, you look marvelous, Darling
"1617 White Street alone is worth the $25," said several yesterday. Today 10-4. 5 houses Mention this Tweet for gratitude. RT
What's your schedule like this week?
might be jumping to conclusions early, but its doubtful Jack Trudeau told Ron Zook to let IU jump to a 10-0 lead
It was a huge blessing to be able to teach parents on how to protect their children from harmful things online! Great job, Jeff Morrison!
who needs a nickel? I've got a change jar and I don't mind sharing :)
Respectfully my issues dont agree he extended Bush Tax cuts has us in a 3rd war and put social security on the table
Walk your broken heart through that door, sit to sexy ass on that couch, wipe that lipstick off your mouth I take it, slow..
I feel like a Swearengen moment is coming on.
that happen today? NeoN chick?
stop with the homework omg
lol i know right!
I kept out of my datasets and charts on a matter of principle.
Okay I'm getting up and get ready :)
doubt it.
Pretty much can't go wrong with #Pavement on a Friday afternoon.
already we passed a sobriety check point, this bus thing rules!!!
I am watching twouble with twitters on YouTube. I am hopeless.
#TeamMindless yall really need TO STOP !!!!1 please for the sake of mb !
Oh, I just meant there were many "linchpin" moments, reactionary policy & scandal, but none effected lasting outrage, change.
Love is above the law.
RT : #Cancer stresses themselves out by overanalyzing situations
I never see the fail whale anymore. Sad. Wonder if it has gone the way of the whales....
RT this if you see this because you got epic unicorn swag ;)
If you have an hourly job, who is in control of your wealth? How much does the owner earn off of your efforts? Capitalism?
Going to bed, goodnight:)
The #Pens need to fix their power play quick or the #Flyers will take more & more liberties w/o fear of the #pens scoring on the PP.
Sigh of relief. RT BREAKING NEWS: James Michael McAdoo will return to UNC for his sophomore season.
Mixtape dropping memorial day weekend!
": Give me a full body massage. #SoIKnowItsReal" i'm a pro at those :))
Twitter is such a great source of current news. Almost makes me wish I was watching #SNL to catch that #F-bomb. What were the reactions???
Lies are always the sweetest. Just ignore that bitter aftertaste. RT: : AT&T to media: "Isn't our bait tasty?"
Hm, still coming up for me...
I read this tweet before your earlier one; thought you were demanding a pinto truck. Not that I'd object to a Rancho Gordo truck...
I told your old bitch she was fucking a lame.
I'm really excited to be 17, I don't know why.
Tim McCarver really just said that he believes it will be proven that MLB offense is up due to climate change.
God’s design of you is intentional. You aren’t like your mother, sister or friend for a reason.
Justus Williams, finalist meets Mayor RT Met mayor Bloomberg. Sounds like a good guy. Shorter than he looks on tv
Testing out our "structure validation service" for checking chemical structure files for hypervalency, charge balance, absent stereo & JUNK
Also on the list of capitalists donating to the Malaysia Mission: Fannie Gamble, daughter-in-law of the founder of Proctor & Gamble
THAT'S THE WORST FUCKING THING
but the haircuts.
right on gabby.. & 3 months..
So true. It will be interesting to see how you deal with fraud. Keep us tuned in to those developments.
in the US?!
I think it's an amazing talent :) I seriously want to take a lesson from you!
Showing a woman how much you can love ......is the greatest thing...when its her... Kiss kiss amanda
OMG 13 HOURS I CANT DO THAT THAT SUCKS BIG TIME
and that Phillip crazy! What a loon!
are helping to
Huh. The wellness coach is giving the wrong date for the RIT CPD stress management seminar. She said April 17, it's May 2.
and the countdown begins..4 days and 5 finals to summer!!
Happy birthday
love love love this one
I wonder if people started to see the benefit of #opendata to evolve our government and increase citizen participation...
The ref saw the hit he flinched when a pad was going to hit him.
Not only is this line of rain coming through #Austin pretty heavy but surprisingly cold for this time of year.
Watch: The Best 2012 Super Bowl Commercials! -
Cloudy day...stop by and come get a cup of hot coffee.
"A parting lover whispered it to me." The best response ever to the question: "How did you hear about us?"
Japan scores again, take a 3-1 lead over Sweden. Not a good play by the Sweden keeper.
RT : Omg, can't believe [team name] picked up [player name]! Are they [emotional state]?!
Your jokes are weak, quit STALKING MY PAGE.
yess it would be!
Whatever you put up online, treat it as though it will go public
I am never, what was I thinking again. Dam memory.
Weird, isn't it? RT : I'm in a room full of LIS students. I feel OLD.
for those who enjoy old time country blues www.akzstudios.com/
We are in #Downtown #SanJose today! Don't miss out on a chance to eat The Food of Champions! We all know how healthy #ahi and #salmon is!
Have i been wrong this whole time? is this what i thought it was? i dont know...
A day filled with grant writing. Best Wishes to all!
Gee, I hope so, it would be really helpful as notes!
Bought an $8 dress the other day because of it's similarity to a Jackson Pollock painting..which sounds like a bad thing but it's quite cute
We'll see!
Good luck! I'll be picking up #Ektorp this weekend! Love the names
#FF Some great breweries -
I NEED FRIENDS IN ALBUQUERQUE.
Another day in the life!
no no no we can't use bond $ to pay teachers salaries.
Teacher- "Don't pack up yet! We still have a few minutes!" Students- *pack up slowly & quietly*
Category 22-a-b winner is Eric Sawitoski Aon
Love someone not because they give you what you need, but because they give you feelings you never thought you needed
I'm good for coffee sometime.
Readythe cards are thrown on the table I love you selena already decided I want to follow me in this life so complicated but inmy teens much
incredibly distracted by the glorious smell of people grilling outside the stud.
"Jazzhands" in Joel's voice
"Our Homeland and Our Country" is the theme of the Orpheus Male Chorus of Phoenix spring concert series - starting tomorrow. Get tickets...
nice shot!
- I just had my reply to you tweet disappear into thin air and i have no wine, so i win the Mess Contest ;-)
very nice! Are they letting you all check in the hotel yet??
Don't forget on the event during Club Crawl. Performances by and a couple more. 21&up.
Thanks for the great information #KunoFB , , , ,
To all following me and others, I am a journalist looking for a job, I hate my current work so if anyone can help me out message me
me and hickey and Cuz'n are like, "hahahahahahahaha!!" right now.
I pulled one of those once ..paper planes flying too high ..got that
yup! Feb is my detox month ( usually bc it's the shortest month ;) )
#ipad snap shield cracked after less than a week
These ladies are rock stars in central Ohio!! Stephanie & others featured in Next on time warner ch 362
Sure! You can have until Friday if you want.
RT Really good presentation by from #GitHub at ! Love the service man
are gonna be performing on Letterman tonight. Tune in or set yr DVRs.
S/0 TO cause I love you oh so much as well !!! (: & I'm now following back ;) muahsz
:( u missed pancake shape making day obviously I won this competition. We need special breakfast day when u get back
Farm bill doing so much damage, that tweaks won't do it! Brian Snyder
I refuse to believe this #loveaddiction show is real. This guy is too much of a mess....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Awesome, I mention the word thong in a tweet, and I get retweeted by a bunch of bots...
biz a usual -- little sleepy today.
that helps me relax and get calmer and eventually fall asleep xD i like that feeling
I knew you would love it! I'm going to make time to read it again very soon.
Friend: why did you become a mahomie? Me: why we need water, air, and food? Friend: for life? Me: exactly. Mahomie for life (:
I had a wicked slam while i was boarding down a big ass hill
Home dates against UW-SP and Hardin Simmons are awesome, but the home game against Linfield has to be circled on the calendar
iF YUh DONt WANt ME {NOW} i DNt WANt YOU {LATER}
Lmao ! And you hit me in the face with your gatorade later on !
Respond to the patterns accordingly.
what's going on?? Hope everything is okay. Hope you feel better.
Am I really watching Celebrity Apprentice...what is happening to the world...
Case's 2nd INT of the day/year is just as bad as the first. Big Baylor return to the Texas 11. Need a stop here,
We spend our days lifting people and companies up, not putting people and companies down. www.VelocitySolutionsLLC.com
BOOM : Did I just hear correctly Bryce Harper hit himself in head with bat? And I thought I was having bad luck.
yes deff :D
*laughs* sorry...
#twitterlesstim - I swear I didn't no where my was all week but it ends up it was in my wallet the whole time lol good one .
Wow maybe to you i could!!
Snow in Olympia, WA my hometown, I am really thankful for this streak of good weather we've had. Hoping it continues
"falling into place" is a good bullseye to aim for, methinks.
Headline:"RNC: We've only just begun to fight for Latinos"Translation: we opportunistically need latino vote, so we've just now begun 2fight
This young archives assistant on Jeopardy is my new hero! Go girl go!!
Jesus loves you
Hey Mark, thanks for the mention, we can always use the help. Stay safe!
hook it up!
Jeeze these last 40 min are gonna drag ass, especially listenin to a boring ass mofo talk about hairy men. Ninja go to your desk!
WILL you please follow me back? It would make my day 100% better :D
Didn't ask where but when. :)
Been there! Know how you feel. Enjoyed "Stop Coddling the Super" by the way. Fine piece of writing.
glad you like Remote Conductor! Inertial scrolling is on our list.
Nursing my mouth :-( Got my upper rightwisdom tooth out yesterday. OUCH!
Step yo game up
What are your #holiday plans?
You look like a dumb ass when you don't know that dumb ass is two words.
Thank you for the list love! :)
And now, let's move on to yesterday's action in the 5pm hour.
I'm gonna get a huge hat that says, "I'M MARRIED!!!" Maybe they'll get the hint.
girl at the park with dewayne
I would like to see this!
When can we join to be consultants for Layers? I can't wait to sell it!
Attention, people with abnormally long names: Get a nickname or something and stop breaking my page layouts.
yes, everything.
I just wanna see you strip RIGHT NOW !
Have fun!
Lmao. I just said, "Does that make me a stalker because I read the convo & knew it was me?"
5 hours of sleep. LIKE A BO$$ ;p
#QuoteOftheDay: "I can't breath, it's called asthma!" - "You don't even have asthma! It's called out of shape!"
Lunch? Why that's my favorite midday meal! Tues/Wed are best for me next week. I get filled up quick, so DM & lock it down!
Thank for the tip! I'll try the book.
U all do the same I'm going 2 b Chi-town bound in about 2 hrs :D RT : #hilarious yall have a good week.
Wearing false eyelashes and a discount thong in case anybody feels like being disappointed later ;)
can you please let know exactly what you were doing, on which client and what happened. thanks!
Another drop-in in front if 7
Two days before Christmas in Tahoe and there's still no snow?
Mavs-Lakers Game 1 watch party tonight INSIDE American Airlines Center. Party starts at 8:30 p.m. Tip-off is at 9:30 p.m.
Earlier we thought cops were setting up helicopter landing in the park; Now lifeguards cleared half the beach "for the President."
Why will you see this shirt at the Burnet Girls basketball team's regional semi? Story in a minute on
I don't think it's available on Nook :-/ Tried searching.
caused by what? those could be from a tick bite- treated by antibioitics, curable?
Gonna clean clean clean today ;o
I've been good(:
Whatever. Unfollow me. You don't deserve to hear what I have to say.
Sleepy and moody...
You're young. Things change, quickly.
he's great, working on new music. I don't get to see him often lately {pouts} lol {{{{HUGZ}}}}}
That moment when your best friend blows off studying to eat Panda Express and play MarioKart with you.
Know him into next season? Don't know what that even means, damn auto correct
Sometimes I see her smile and think "why did I stop loving you?" but I know at the end of the day its for the best.
no, t jack is a homeless guy's mike Vick
Working Hard for you.
Good #workout at #goldsgym.. feels incredible when u r done.
nighty night. Sleep well. The fun is coming soon. Lol
Thanks for #FF and mentions!
RT I thought of u today, yesterday and probably tomorrow too...awe THIRST cutee
Im turning on my 4G so if I can't wifi, I should be good. Only area might have probs is exhibit hall, but not worried w/ that
Couch potatoes, listen up! Team HIWI (one of 'em) on Great Day Houston tomorrow at 9 a.m. CBS channel 11.
you should check out Memo's in the U District, it's quite good... I told Jesse about it the day he left.
Yes Officer…Those “Are” 10 Kegs Of Beer…However It Was “Buy One..Next Nine Half Price.”
i went straight home afterschool! :)
He, or she, who is wise and mature learns to respect and honor the gift of life!
barbershop in the morn...cant wait for this..ish gone be craaazzzyy!!
LOL~! omg that must have been creepy. #PedoAlert . JKK
happy mothers day :*
Buona Pasqua! and what a beautiful day it is! We are open today 11am - 10 pm
I am, chillaxin before I go to work! Wyd..
grey goose
Rumi lounge tonight no cover all night ill be live in the mix tonight spinning the hottest joins arrive early 12730 NW Military!!
Oh a newbie what's ya nombreeee? I'll skip to CVS post longest. Day. Ever.
Kony.. YOU GOING DOWN
"You'll never turn the world upside down until you turn the Church inside out." David Pawson
he reads his interviews and seen all his movies lmfao he's just like me omg
In every man<U+0092>s success, hard work and determination always play a vital role
Hi Julie you're really bringing the family together. Lots of us going to Vegas! Aunt Eileen
Due to a highly insulated body that lets out very little heat, polar bears are rarely seen with an infrared camera. Take that, predator!
Just checkout out your VSL picks..Way Cool! Very unique and interesting.
There's actually someone with the last name "Wienerhole" bahahahahaha
Tim Mcgraw is so perfect <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I think it's actually up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, B, A, select, start. Swipes, that is.
Anna Loquacia?! Lmao!! :D Had a great night at the laugh factory with thanks for the best cookies ever!! <3
Bin Laden thought his attack would take down this country but the last thing he saw was one of USa!
wmyb never gets old
Tebow to teammates: "Guys, lets do everything we can to mess up in the second quarter so we can have another dramatic comeback. God bless."
Confidence is the certainty that attracts your support.
wait... Isn't rolling thunder on memorial day?
bp this weekend?
ha love that!
I've had students who lost family members to violence DURING the school term and still turned in assigned work. Other excuses seem flimsy.
sorry I meant how is ur youngans
Who needs a 40oz today? Only $5 at The Moct! Nothing but Old Skool til Midnight!
#who is ready for AX and Supercon #ANIMEBOY WILL BE ATTENDING ONE OF THESE CON'S
great info! We love giving Galleria shoppers exclusive offers and deals using QR codes! Keep scanning!!
He wasn't worth it anyway
thanks! Should have known to ask justin williams a food question...
polyester is where its at
Chillin in the cabana smoking a cigar
I don't like waiting in airports for my bags. Even worse, I don't like waiting in airports when my bags are lost. -Steve Waugh
Leaving mashable party, where to?
People don't know how to drive , oh ma gosh'
The crowd is filing in. John Waters starts in five minutes!
just got back from another great function and networking event at the Hotel Albuquerque-the Q Bar hosted a Hispanic MBA group
Good Game! Halftime can never technically go off without a hitch can it? Haha, can't imagine what a production nightmare that is.
Everyone go wish a happy birthday, especially ;)
If you see a students doing something wrong with SM, ask them "How's that working for you."
rocked the mic at Level 3 tonight. & I got a hug. What a great way to start my year! #LastKings BITCH!!!!
Lil Bitch called me on the bullshit, if you didn't want it to be screenshot, then DON'T PUT IT ON TWITTER!
just got to school a few minutes ago and i already wanna go home.
Float does give you the option of having things move if you resize a page. I like inline-block for a fixed layout.
Dont want to got to school but i have too it makes u SMART!!! N3RD is the W0rd!!!
Ah, sipping a Jupiter Cocktail after a busy day: 2 gin, 1 dry vermouth, 1 tsp Parfait Amour (Crème de Violette), 1 tsp OJ. Shake & serve up.
do y'all learn anything or why do they suck ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
what song?! Lol
#Rays Longoria placed on DL with hamstring tear
My sister is one ungrateful person.
Have you read my last mess?? Ughh then something must be wrong with your memory if you have..
that's nice Chaz and Lexus are good cars..make sure u can maintain it and that it's affordable even if u have a drought..
Muhammad Yunus of Grameen Bank is receiving an honorary degree from Emory University this morning
I never thought we'd get that many followers in that short period of time.#NEVERSAYNEVER follow us?:)
A: what is being shown, what is not being shown. what colors recede + design concepts could be integrated into reading viz.
go to ihearradio.com and submit on the site!
Still snowing in
so talented. She worked hard for the money
moscow? I know it is cold there, lol
Rush on CPAC rules!!
If you do not know what time zone you live in please refrain from breeding.
Well I bought "The Thing", "Breaking Dawn", "Abduction", and "Happy Feet 2". Two out of those four were good.
whats up w car
love the name change. will this make u tweet more?
It can eat all the major donors it wants...as long as they're also planned givers.
and cue heart palpitations every time i open my email...i dont care what it says just email me back!
Dan LeBetard of PTI and the Miami Herald on The Score with Jim and Les right now! Tune into 1510 AM to hear more on LeBron in South Beach
Guess I shoulda asked 4 a follow b4 the vote RT Now that I've won "most likeable lawyer" award I can go back 2 being a total prick
has the best customer service line. Short wait to talk to an actual human being, who was extremely kind and helpful! :D
Supernatural has a twitter. BAM.
Do you like data? We are looking for a data entry volunteer. Email us at volunteer(@)cisaustin.org 2 hours a week.
I have so little left :-) and you had so much to spare. Oh well
O Morning Star, come and enlighten those living in darkness!
that's super creepy.. is there a smudge or something there
I don't like you wearin' shirts lmao
you're so nice;)
I'm honestly more shocked by people using evites than people using fax machines.
Watching "The Captains" on Netflix streaming. Man, I love Patrick Stewart and Avery Brooks.
I think that a lot of what Google has had to offer has diminished the role of a librarian & this just seems like 1 more nail.
you be Capt America; I'll be the Hulk. When are you this way again?
That was incredible ... one day, it will be a Brewer
Should we consider this a prime example of team bonding? RT : “: Nap time #z”___ can I join?
Your soo cute !
You haven't had a great Philly Cheese Steak until you've had our awesome version. Even native Philadelpians think it's awesome. Come try it!
Speaking about going Green. Call us 305-232-3344 we can help ur business, or home to go Green.
Uninstalling Adobe CS2 in preparation of installing CS5. 15 minutes & still uninstalling. Adobe, why are you such a bear?
Oop pass from Paul to Jordan with the posterize and the and one!
Thanks for the follow, went to the web site and I really like the 45 cases 995078 very cool.
When will we get some more expedition206 videos on the cocacola youtube channel?
Ran/walked 3.5 miles with my momma (: Trying to motivate her into running it all before the 5K in July (:
oh was it when I tried to faux-kiss evan?
gorgeous! a new project?
You are evil. Very funny, and evil. 8-)
Kim's my new favorite person to go to movies with.
When will I learn? Some shirts will never look good no matter how hard I try
well text me then silly...and ok :)
get use to the rain man ur in nola now..just be careful driving the streets flood fast
having a chill saturdayy at home with my boyfriend and the usuals :)
WTF with them misses all those free throws?! #Knicks U gotta make those. Its the
You just advocated your racist preference, condemning minority blue collar workers to unemployment. Amazing!
Isn't this the norm and typical. When is the public advised in advance of any important legislation or decision to challenge?
YES! We love Nerdy Girl!
Contrarily, "The Service without Hope-/ Is tenderest, I think-/ Because 'tis unsustained/ by stint" Dickinson
I know!!! all of the radio interviewers talk too much! it's annoying!!!
LMFAO louis like falls to the ground hahahahah omg im dead
haha I will remember yours too!(:
Well that was a first...
hahah did you have it?! yeah i was going to ask you to send me an essay hahah but turns out you haven't read the book :( hahha
Nothing destroys contentment like comparison. – Lloyd Shadrach
Aye did dope on #ChurchClothes !
What was your favorite thing about the NCPH Conference in Pensacola?
I do! I'm totally spoiled :)
And Overtones loves Thanks for the mention!
Brrrr! Why so cold Los Angeles? Are you going to rain or what?
Despite a attempt, still has the best deep ball highlight.
lol! Cookies and milk are a dangerous combination!
Deadline to submit proposals is April 27th.
That's shocking
text me it's important
I'm eating mine ad I tweet lol... They're addicting
Happy birthday to the greatest that ever laced them up! Michael Jordan!
Fuck living in la Mirada no thank you ,
"Well this sucks..." > What's goin on baby doll!???
En route to the gym...on foot...first 2.5 miles of the day-o!
What's wrong D:
So tell me what is your favorite book to read?
me hizo happy last night :P...I love you <3
oh, thank you!<3xxx
Agreed, but article is dead-on my opinion on the issue. It needed to be written but used awful headline simply for clicks
I thought it was pretty dope. if you are a comics fan, its great. lots of fan service. If not, its still great.
Sending out to majors! Time to get some placements!
Your only on my mind because l like you!
#ff RT Okay. Fine. I admit it. Gravy on fries is awesome. So good. Still. Ducks on the money? REALLY, Canada?
... Always a privilege ... Thank you K.
Stupid Auto correct !
Goodnight All ! :)
If you bully another kid just to feel powerful infront of others than go to hell.
You might just win a delicious artisan-made caramel by on our Inside the Loop walking tour.
we're coming for you chicago.
I wonder what will be doing at 1 PM today
I didn't know you liked technology and stuff. Thanks for the follow, yo.
Wonder if that goes both ways. RT : I'm seeing neg ideas about SMEs that we might need to reconsider.
Our Feature Showcase at #FAI12 is this evening (Thursday) in the Jackson Rm 6PM.
Channel some Bill Withers and make it "a lovely day"!
I loved the truth in that so much that I favorited it and retweeted it :)
i get those every time haha and an asiago bagel
I've wondered if it would work. Very excited to read it does!
It's not about how many times you tell someone that you love them, its about how many times you prove that you do
I'm not the same person I used to be, gotta admit alot of sh*t got to me. The past hurts, but you can either run from it or learn from it.
We are excited to launch our Twitter site for Mojo Marketing, a new concept company aimed at local businesses everywhere! Welcome!
Come on Buckeyes lets end this so we can watch the Cats
Life is like a bottle of goose, if u dwn to much it can fuck u up lol...
Samuel check up today!
Quote of the day: "Never delegate understanding." - Charles Eames
Remembering Philip Lamantia
... E.g. Waiting to see what suggestions are given for a particular typo instead if just fixing it and moving on.
#Colts hanging on to Mathis... only 3 days until the decision deadline #Peyton. The "Final Jeopardy" song keeps playing in my mind...
you make me :) ......except when you work at the butt crack of dawn
damn straight I agree!
I haven't seen THE AVENGERS yet , I want to see it so bad, why did I have to get sick last friday, ? -_-
I'm in much need of a day or hell... a week off. These 60+ hour workweeks are killing me.
James Collins on interdisciplinary work: 21st C science becoming more networked, computational, more adaptable in seeking sources.
I'm not feeling to happy today.
Great Pictures!!!!! Keep up the good work.
ok who will u kiss dude lol :P
Incredible play by Ishikawa. I want a replay.
me too, me too! Blrgh.
Free throws for the rest of the game. Down 6
Undertaker will never give I dnt think triple h will either
Ard I Will
Acquire more currency. Disregard bitches.
We may have found our bread ninja thanks to . Let you know how things turn out. Meeting next week.
That's just poor coaching!
- Thanks so much for the mention!!!
2nite on #speedbusters, brings the radar gun 2 a MKE neighborhood where some MFD firefighters are asking for help. TMJ4 @ 10.
And by the way, everything in life is writable about if you have the outgoing guts to do it, and the imagination to improvise. The worst...
#Sooners attending today's gridiron match: Be charitable and help the Floridians with their homework. It'll seem easy, but to them it isn't.
what brought this on? (I miss you already)
well hello you!
Wow, only a triple.
Only the dreamer shall understand realities, though in truth his dreaming must be not out of proportion to his waking
Got my first jury duty notice today. Adding to the long list of reasons I'm glad I'll soon be back in NOLA.
Thank you so much! Perhaps I will play London someday!
haaha its ok.
I drive a pervertable, the top don't go down but the driver does
That Miley Cirus sketch on SNL was actually pretty funny.
what are some of the ways to make continuing education fun
my bff ily man
Kelly Price...WHAT HAD HAPPEN? #swole son! Gastric Bypass did that???
#cathedral #park in #st .johns is a must see for any
O's lookin good today! Especially JJ and Markakis....#Yum ;)
and best date night ever!
Oh I forgot how much I missed all of my Twitter friends- xoxo so glad to be back
#WhyDoPeopleThink they have all the anwers and keep talking, when they should really shut up, listen and learn?
ready when u r. Lol.
Call me maybe? STUCK IN MY HEAD!!
I love doing redesigns. Taking someone else's crappy design and making it awesome is so much fun!
Exciting cowrite with the sister! Using mobile twitter now!
Going to cozy up with some Turabian. Why do I always do this to myself re: footnotes?
Baby J & at St Jude Catholic Church - W Commerce & Gen McMullen! Los Despoz performing today for Coors Light Spring Fest 3 Day Event
Just because he says all the things you like to hear, doesn't mean that he is the one for you
I hate you
to see some booty
Always drove through the mountains, usually at night or early morning. Loved stopping and breathing in the crisp air.
Concerned about the environment? Learn how to identify consequences of water, air, and land prevention methods.
Mr. Henry Fuchs challenges all shopping malls to meet or beat his $1,000 Pledge! Thank you so much!
damn. Selena got killed by the president of her fan club.
Well duhh lol you going to work
As much as I love your place, thats just no fun RT : We watch the game with the volume off.
Happy Birthday Raymond Pinkston!
Alright DC, lift a glass at Happy Hour our President supports gay marriages!
Only if we can also throw a blog party. " Screw it. Let's just bring back block party."
yes sir, celebrating my acceptance into the league.
Oh how I love our president! He does so well with his fundraisers and makes it work!
“: Beyoncé has never met competition in her life.”
8AM on a Saturday--hello beautiful DC
sorry Amanda my account was hacked... I do apologize for this..
Sex with one person is safe sex with everyone is dangerous
Great stuff happening at this conf. in Detroit... RT : One goal: Reduce the meal gap in this country.
i'm slacking in 3 classes , but in the end , ima pass so that's why i don't panic
this court show thingy..? Lol there is like nothing on, I'm about to watch sesame street :)
Well at least I only got like five emails about foursquare day in Seattle this weekend.
Lucky. My Vikings lost today. :(
You know what else is gay? Starting shit with random people that you never talked to on Twitter. #madbro?
Feel the rhythm with your hands? :) So weird, just was about to e-mail you...
o yeah
O . Just excuse me from the convo
just a heads up for when you get back from Japan, Zumiez has a new pair of P Rod 6.0s that you would love.
you pretty tho...you have any videos of your work? We promote artists.
Loved your appearance on funny story about "Andy Roddick"
love to but all the pressers start at noon, feel free to come up here if you'd like
That bump just cost Boston Game 2. Rondo will get a 1 game suspension. Silly Rajon!
Going to be tough sorting thru all of the incredible musicians who have entered for the auditions! What an amazing band this is going to be!
I see people hating on , im a guy #mahomie if u got a problem say it 2 my face, if u dont do tht, keep ur mouth shut on here!!
Hey , you should probably hire cops that speak English.
# 1 catholic party school in the country
Zoo for mothers day (: with the fam(ily) <3
Wish my neighborhood had more people to hang with...its so boring here
Just got home, always nice to clandestinely arrive at an event, compete, and steal a medal!
Happy Birthday Golden Girl!
well well we'll see! lol
thank you!
THE NEW VIDS ARE UP #9-16 watch them on YouTube
time for a change
why is it that i've not properly thought of certain people in ages and yet they still show up unexpectedly in my dreams? #why?
LOL RT Don't you hate it when you're out with MC Hammer and he won't let you touch anything?
Besides I come from a LONG line of women who never ate. I get it honest! It's not too bad this time-only about 10-15lbs to go.
Toys for the holidays - stop in & check out what we have in our thrift shop!
its all good
awww, hope you got a wave from her! she always says hi to the tour peeps!
BEST. MOVIE. EVER!!!!
Hard to say at this point. We sure are having fun pinning some inspiring things though, so we hope that won't stop! :)
All instrument tracks are down. All vocal tracks except one are finished. On to the fun part!
Work from 1to 9 then off to #figure8 wit and my fellow #sockets :))
Out of a whole entire class standing ad talking I get picked out of EVERYONE and get yelled at....why me?
If you could see through the eyes of god the you would see a world filled with goodness
“: Hi Ladies! I hope y'all hit or surpassed ur #MamasKitchen pie sales goal!! #yum” thx!
Thanks Cory! RT I am excited about First minimalist shoe store in the Milwaukee area.
habibty I can love you without voodoo dolls, g'night bby
New Sessions of Young Rembrandts at our Art gallery inside Parmatown Mall! Stop by for a visit and see our great student artwork!
By a vote of 2 to 3, the mayor's proposal to extend bar hours is defeated.
2 guys trying to reach the ceiling and they can't!! LOL
Gorgeous summer day.
what?! Who do I need to eat up??
Trapperz choice on check it out PLease support
Thank you for your support! It means a lot.
#Ravens get 3rd picks of both 2nd and 4th rounds in trade with
No girl...still in season :/ RT are you back home?
Man this been the most burning saturday I had in a while.
Can't believe it's March already---7 months till the wedding, and so much to do!
ahh that was hard to do but felt great
I hate that feeling
Insights abound and we've just wrapped the first few usability sessions.
I'm coming for grad <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Is there a GOP "Debate" this Saturday? I saw a promo on Current for a "Wrap up/Analysis" with Al Gore (and Fire Bag Cenk) at 11 on Sat.
I want some ice cream.
You waved, I waved back but you weren't waving at me, oh.
We play the best Country Music Videos all day every day!! Send us your requests and thanks for the tweet!
left field bleachers. Section 235 Row 16
Okay, here's the plan: Step 1. You give me $10,000. So far that's all I've got.
• To me it's about ESPN hiring someone they didn't know, see, or properly research. Also 'she' might not exist as such.
Kid Chef in the kitchen whippin up dinner for us! Eni need a mentor!
Didn't notice. :-)
Hope to see you all on Monday at the August Wilson Center!
Biden is just over 6' but the cameras add 7" just like they add ten pounds so he is listed at 6'7" supporting the possible theory
I'll put it up as soon as I can figure that out!
I hope my brother gets the xbox for his birthday so I can get fifa aghh
Finally picked up a copy of OPEN CITY by Teju Cole so I can further enjoy #Tob12. Have u read it, ?
Just because I'm your ex girlfriend doesn't mean you have to ignore me dick.
I hope you're tuning in tonight! RT Last #newgirl episode of the season is on tonight at 9/8c!
everyone go follow her nowww! She's amazing <3333
Damn he's gorgeous!!!!!
For younger ones (0-5), head over to Gibson Library tomorrow at 10 a.m. for Rhythm & Rhyme Storytime. Singing, dancing, stories! Oh my! :)
Although, I am disappointed about Starburns sudden death.
Haha, school is killing me!
I CAN'T FUCKING BREATHE GUYS I'M SERIOUS OMFGGGGGGGGGGG
Why does #charlesbarkley hate the Buckeyes? Go Bucks!!
do you do Netflix? The first 160 episodes are available on download. Totally worth it!
Watching some messages from last year thanks to The Life Church App.
Gettin Alexus and Halee ready for school...kidney ultrasound later for Raylin
Hey did you ever figure out what to do with those tossed salads and scrambled eggs?
But i guess it gives me something to tweet about
Loan Programs starting at a 500 credit score...Contact me for details.
hey :) its anna
“ Fear comes from the unknown. Discover & search out everything! Fear not! Remember! U can't fix what u refuse 2 confront'”
a little reimbursement would be nice, too! and i will STILL vote for the union. oh....i get it now...
You were created in the image and likeness of God. But who are you representing? You can't hide what's inside
U can't put in what God left out...
yooooo it's...amazing! Reminds me a lot of Miami actually,,except less women working in nightlife haha :)
It's Friday i dont care. I got my "thinking cap" on half tilt like T.i..
Carswell F16 guys are gone and now Colorado owns the North end of the base! Colorado flag flying high over Operations!
I think there is a Peter Burning......
My band Volcano Dolls is playing our first show!! Thurs/June 3rd/ The Viper Room in WeHo, CA/10:45pm. Free w password "Thats What She Said"!
And even in my sleep I am grinding at my teeth.
We have not heard the details but expect there to be a draft party and #JacketBackers plan to be there
Long slow kisses >>>
haahah kevin ? Can you follow me, or tweet me? <U+2665> plz .
Someday people will listen to my professional advice and not shrug it off because I'm just Rick.
thanks! Great to hear from you, as well, about what's working in your space. Cheers!
been saying that in Fla for years...no where to go though, bro...
such great news - doesn't get any better than that - bet you've been counting the days to pass that 1st trimester milestone
Inside && Out
nope. Can't say I am!
RT : How do you build a great brand? DS CEO Lauren Dixon & Founder Ann Rhoades tomorrow at 10 on
Go dolphins!!!!!
#Heat are a joke, is a joke, is a joke, is a joke. Beat an elite team, damn.
RT : "Social networks have increased trust among people, making it easier for collaborative consumption"
Today is National Ice Cream Day! What’s your favorite flavor?
which is why the state of Ohio has zero Lombardi trophies.
I miss my babe! <3
Going to see Juan of the dead tonight!
I will! My knuckles are all fucked up :l blehhhh
Finished The "At Home Studio"! Get ready for some music you never thought could come from Maine!
#Johnny, went 2 a career counselor 2 determine what field he should enter. After testing ...> Read punch line @ www.ICUGolfStories.com LOL!
definitely our summer...
I definitely remember the ice cream part from your vows.
You ever seen a...grown man naked?
isn't ur word with friends name, adesa27? U put it out there. Asking ppl. To play, so why the decline?
don't be too hard on yourself, lol
“: RT : Report: Lakers offered Odom for No. 2 pick, Wolves said no #NBA”<< dang why the letting him go!
Just feed the beer to her, she wont remember the game
You doing blog tonight bro?
i needa paint my finger nails.
I am BEYOND pissed/annoyed right now.
Thanks for serving! We hope you had a great experience!!
Since the middle of Dec. and it is cold today!
should of got a double
Follow me on #Instagram !!!
Amen :D
We had a second failure with our database server, we are moving the data to a different drive and hopefully should be back up soon.
Is your business doing well but you know it could be better? wondering where the holes are? We can find them. Boost Revenue. Save time.
well, good luck with that. hope you do get some sleep in. i think your gonna pull an all nighter. did ya get a nap?
bo RT : and the acct is already gone!!!
Thunderstorms are being predicted this afternoon. How is camp looking for weather preparedness?
My sister is running around so that Carson's pinwheel will spin around without her blowing on it...
lol it curious George lmfaoo u need to now ur cartoons
Writing an article on best practices on effectively delegating responsibilities to your team members. Looking for comms pros to quote.
RT : Fmr Sen Daschle warns intl affairs budget will remain easy political target for cuts.
Come to Korea. Girls carry big, ornate, vanity mirrors with silver handles in their purses, and bust 'em out in the bar.
So pretty! Have fun!!
I was a tiny child.
Getting hungry but saving the appetite for dinner
Thanks for the mention. The Holistic Homeschooler is a must read for homeschool teachers.
I'll give #thefrey credit for trying, but this was not the right venue for a soft, off key, acoustic version of
Got a book catalog from an editor today with a client's release in it for spring. Is time really going THAT quickly? Time flies...
oh ya I remember her how's she doing
follow me and no im not 40 lol
There seems to be a ton of that going on this quarter. We're off to a very unsure start.
Hi , How Was Your Day ?
Tim Dillard working Live On The Web! Check me out... and make music requests!!! www.justin.tv/timdillard NOW
Heading to #Portland Center office soon, packed day planned - behind on tweets :(
#mwc2012 what a show! Travel home safe to all!
i miss it!
Getting spammed on is one of the more annoying things in life.
finishing the Spencer's legacy records today!
hacking this page.... In the club rocking out #rich4ever :)
Just found water leak #2 in my house. Oh the joys of home ownership.
I hit up the steam room when that happens, sinus headaches are brutal, hang in there bro!
you guys win.
Forgot my camera again.. And prom is this weekend. Wow
Enjoy! RT : I have one tonight with Katy at Midtown. She rocks! Who do you go to?
Reminder tomorrow night from 6-8pm our first Mixer of the year! @ Coppia in the Pearl. www.womenwithmoxie.com for info/RSVP.
Is she cutting some teeth?
My teacher told the clAss to look in one direction...:) ~24days<3x~
Well, hello You should really check out our blog iamnothenemy.com/verlosser
Did you hear the funny clown music when they were all piling out of the van, too??
youtube just slapped me with a copyright warning in my email for a remix I did...
RT : Come to "Cover Girl Winner Party" Thursday, January 27 from 9:00 pm to 12:00 am. Come meet the Cover Girl Contest......
i bought them and I would live to send you a pic of me wearing them! Twitter pic or email best?
Thanks Google for letting me know that it's #CharlesDickens' 200th birthday. And to think, I would have forgotten!
That's the news... See me at the tonight at 830!
With wind turbines popping up all over the world, wind power is quickly becoming one of today's most popular renewable energy sources.
got you in the am!! Imma fave it so I don't forget it
We make many of our decisions out of fear. Fear is an emotion and living our lives based on emotions like fear will bring our lives to ruin.
For those of us covering Signing Day tomorrow, enjoy today. Today is the calm before the storm!
On the road again with .^_^.
I pop eyes open without eating me canned spinach
GOD made me like this so, take it up with him
I'm gonna love you like there's no tomorrow <3
The guys are discussing the Tigers meltdown last night and playing the blame game. 248-848-1130.
my opinion doesnt matter. my voice is just another in the din.
If men cease to believe that they will one day become gods then they will surely become worms.<U+0094>
I <U+2764> #Adele! Great performance last night at the #VMAs. Simple and beautiful!
At learning about nifty Neatline DH app, allows for geotemporal elements in digital editions.
aw no we're not :( but that would have been fun!
Used to live in Madrid, The Carlos V was a Best West. where my parents stayed. Good location, price, clean. Price range?
Who wtf why are people saying Harry is in Portland. Omfg maybe he is coming to Seattle to get some Dicks
Delicious brunch!
(im a day late) but Happy Birthday ! : )
When was the last time you gave a loved one flowers...for no reason?
Happy Mothers Day to all of you ladies and !
Been hibernating for the past 2 days: Compiling Federal Reserve quotes with detailed sources. It's a long and tedious process!
Women's leadership in Mphs. Is a women's networking event important? What benefits would you want at a WFGM networking event?
Join us tonight for Ladies’ night specials! Only 3 days left till Oktoberfest shenanigans...get excited!
JC Tran has been eliminated
I dont know what I would do if they didnt. Ur my fav Bucks player EVER. U remind me so much of AI. Take that next step BJ!!
New artist of the year... AyaNna Crawley
Woo going to see the rangers! Almost to Camden yards
yeah I seen it
Thanks! I thought it'd look good, but instead it looks AMAZING! I look forward to having you over.
true well shit just let me know when its gon happen.
I will never understand people with money xoxo
This new Twitter account is designated exclusively to my work here at the Crummer School of Business at Rollins College!
That was another great one. Aretha's voice = amazing.
Best part of Edwin Maysonet's #Brewers grand slam: His sly, post-swing, "Yeah, just did that" point-to-the-dugout reaction.
Trick or Treat Spa 2day & check out our last minute deals! Candy, Cupcakes,& 30% off all Arasys Packages!Today only! Happy Halloween!
Do You Like BASS On Your Mother Fucking FACE
It's that day again kids! #AztecMotto on blast getting ready for the game. Hope you're ready for a whoopin' Broncos!
It's raining in San Diego!! I'm kind of enjoying it. <36 hours till
Kid Fury cutting up lol!! RT : Oh, please die. RT : Nobody is born gay... thats a decision people make...
yup all the time
Why are Starbucks people always so darn happy?? It's kinda creepy!
Good luck!
I Feel Like a Monkey Without Ear Rings On...
+1! now to start training for next year!
After tonight's performances, we wish we could vote for Adam Levine to win #thevoice PS - 1 HOUR TILL
I will not be into work today because all my clothes were stolen off my cloths line.
ok, i'll take that back. The site is back up.
Always good to see one of my boys from the crib!
That's why we're here. Not just to go to work, but to do something better.
You aint gotta worry about this, this #BlackProblems ohh
Looking at your cell phone during awkward situations. HAHAHAH , everytime :)
Thanks for the mention! We appreciate your continued support!
Thank you very much! :-)
i am going to be up for a while.
Loves Wisconsin. I swear I have Christmas spirit already!
< Thank you sir
imma wait till 11 ' 30 tht's when he unully call thn if not my ass will be sleep .
RT “: More 30 for 30s? Looking forward to the one on Sarah Phillips, ESPN.”
Loved it, the show rocks!
Armie hammer was a douchebag at gma this morning. Signed autographs (for graphers not fans mind u) but would not pose for photogs. Not cool
“: *rewinds Avengers trailer*” as did i. looks awsome. (que wife lookin at me funny)
I find I have to make excuses/apologies for the "punk" syllable, so now that's what I start with--Jeter, play on "cyberpunk", etc.
Volunteer signup should be available mid-April. Stay tuned for the exact date!
Yep.. we're done.
Don't look at the new Prada Cadillac/Flame shoes or you'll never pay your bills again. Waaaaaahhhh!
Im going to see on july 6th IM SOO EXCITED!!!!!!! Maybe i will be that lucky girl up on stage this time.
Oregon Scientific WMR100N Professional Wireless Weather Station, Silver Get Discount
All right then!
I see punctuation on your bio. It struggles with the ampersand
Tapu Property Valuations – Investors Beware
With 2 blowouts yesterday....its setting up real nice for TEBOW magic in Denver.
In honor of July 4th: Quote from Ben Franklin "Reading makes a full man, meditation a profound man, discourse a clear man."
Turnt up after . Killed It tonight
I can't wait to see Shania this summer.
Nothing has ever bothered me as much as my recent realization that I have never seen bird testicles.
: but u r now
His holiness is on stage!
via : Thanks for following! I teach Civil War history. If you could ask your Civil War history professor anything you wanted...
On the plus side this is the 1st legit time in many many years I feel genuinely excited for the
Hero clix night... god, that sounds s uncool!
People that stand up in crowds and record something with their Ipads <<<<<<<<
that's so exciting! congrats!
The bright side of going home sick? Now I can lay on my roof and attempt to tan
Still partying where are you?
always shows me a good time.
Good morning everyone
America Gots Talent >>>
great picture...it is such a beautiful day today RT Don't want this afternoon to be over.. So gorgeous out!
heyy!! Take over my twitter lol I need some "tweets" I still can't get over ur 80K tweets!!!
best of luck to you- will continue to learn from you as you move to a new place- sounds like a great new adventure-
Mourning the loss of 7 Israelis killed in terrorist attacks near Eilat today. To the IDF show no mercy. Let no building stand in Gaza.
Ate at Sandia Buffet(prime RIB night)Had all the fixens(allmost)!Played at the mall security sUX(sucks).Period.
nm, just on FB and watching the band twitter lol
Oops! This is opening session, not keynote. JFW is full of great points.
I don't want a relationship where people say, 'They look so cute together.' I want one where they say, 'Look how happy they are together.'
thanks for sharing your dad's quote, he's not exaggerating we have lots of sizes! What a great way to start our Monday!
Stand in defiance knowing that the 99% are behind you.
I'll miss Palo Alto at the end of this summer. Mid-college crisis - should I have gone to Stanford?
ya! you go girl:Dlol
Spent a sunny afternoon in the shops and restaurants of Main Street, Littleton. A great day!
Another day, another dollaa ;$
I should've kissed you, I should of told you, told you just how I feel <U+2764>
Can you imagine the level of a mind that watches wrestling?
GM! How r u today?
Finally after being sick back to the gym 20high stair master 10 bike then weights bosu sweat good
going to church for the new year. gotta start off in the right place!
Step 5 Record each topic in Audio Acrobat and use the email publish code or link to use in each autoresponder
Heck, Charles Barkley for Super Bowl halftime 2013.
Give ur home a gift...www.vcassociates.net
Examine the situation before you act impulsively!
Happy birthday!! Your great and I am blessed by your friendship!! :)
one month <3 thinking of you
my sentiments exactly. Feel the same way about Poetry, Unvle Senna, and Breaking Bad.
Why am i awake right now??
hahahahah this is why i love you!!! only harry edward styles would do something like that:p Xx
Junior Seau appeared in 268 games over 20 seasons, tied for 19th most in #NFL history
I am going to sleep night sexy and I hope you follow me and tweet me and DM me! (;
“: space is amazing.We like chilling upstairs listening to mick bassett.Super hip in pontiac”
Oh yes! Packer domination early! Lock it in,
No problem!
sundays, chruch, mow grass, watch baseball
ARE YOU SERIOUS?! I guess that means that I have a cousin that plays Harvard baseball
I don't know what to think about Homeless Hotspots down at #sxsw. What do you think?
Meeting workforce needs globally. MIchael Eskew, CEO for UPS, stresses that we need people who are: * Trade literate * Sensitive …
Dance breaks.
ha! i already own those
aw fun! Be careful driving it's a little icy
Watching Sex and the City makes me feel like I was a part of the clique.
LOL. I will bring some. But they'll be cold by the time I arrive. ;-)
why the word "pot" not cannabis! Derogatory!
“But man you're wrong and she's been waiting long and hard to kiss your head and hold your hands and hold you while you fall asleep”
slay it brother!
Thanks for the recent RTs!
Must see and before leaving the bottom lounge tonight
today's word is "automagically" :)
OH: I let you go hang out w your friends < tool >
u already have. well for me anyway. u inspire me everyday with your music and i appreciate it so much. love you. cme bl to NYC!
Why people get easily attached to me I will never know.
looks good!!
Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson first rehearsal! FUN!
Yoiks- all my grading, invoicing, and new Vocate episode done by 930! Now just coasting to Avengers with Geoff, , and Art!
NFL has received my internship application. And now I wait until April. Hate how I get internship notifications so late
thank you =)
Nothing is more attractive than ambition.
Chester French dropped some new music? Swag.
big brother updates followed me! they know I'm obsessed!
watching basketball cuz that's what everyone at home is doing. it's rather exciting. rooting against anything associated with Dallas = bonus
Cute but disappointing that emails aren't answered.
I love it! Great quote u have! I'm going to steal it!
I love that today's date only happens once every four years. #happyleapday :)
Checked out New Albany Church today where our friend Joel is Pastor- good stuff! Really enjoyed it!
I'm so lame I'm not even sure "distributor" is the right word to use there.
Just wanted to let ya know, you really inspire many people. Thank You!
plat on you better the light off.
Friday fishbowl of random tasks reminds me of McGreggor's Dept Store, as a kid. Where are the plastic dinosaurs?!?
Not very/this summer.
great new b&w photo!
Love why do you always come at the wrong time, and at the people who shouldn't?
DC: Desperation -noun: the state of being desperate or of having the recklessness of despair; the GREEN team..
Callin' it now. #Idol winner.
We have a headcase and a rookie up top. That's not a winning formula for me #Rapids and that's not a knock on cascio, because he's bright
Hey to all my tweeters...You can also hook up with me on Facebook DM me for the info would really appreciate the business. Peace!!!
": When I went through customs in Toronto they asked me So what exactly do you do for our government? LOL" what would Jack Bauer say
sorry, I'll yell next time(:
are there any outages in the 33014 area?
Today's weather >>>>
we finally eliminated it from our process going straight from sketches to html prototypes. Photoshop's on my last nerve.
I watch #Stepup3 again and again :D
Correction *hygiene*
only because I didn't mention the Ghirardelli chocolates. I edit carefully.
Good job Coyotes keep it up my friends
Aw, he thinks Emily and I are gay.
POLLY!!!!!!!!! Awesome, phillies are pretty much desperate for this win.
bahahaha that's hilarious
meeting as many fans as u do, I was JW do u ever remember any of them? DO U REMEMBER ME?? I showed u an email Susie sent me!!
No seats in the ion session
When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it happened or not. ~ Mark Twain
Fish, Fish and more Fish. Come in for our beer battered cod or walleye. Served for lunch and dinner!
don't do it, Valerie. I fear for your immortal soul.
My friend, we have just Lo-jacked the janitor
Hey, thanks for following!
I just closed a purchase loan in 11 days. Really. Call me for any of your mortgage needs 512-852-8883
that was one sweaty room but tons of energy, loved that class!! Fun day!!
Anyone else hope that the #Panthers finish off the #Devils tonight?
Last uniform day. Never ever have to wear this thing after today.
awesome! congratulations.
MG drops cheese makers by 5 strokes.
You act like I don't know you're lying to me
seem so desperate lol, no but seriously. follow me or i'll cry forever. :P U DON'T WANT YOUR MAHOMIES TO BE SAD DO YOU? >:D
lol :)so is it you on ur icon?
Thanks vote for me on waiting for their phone call within a couple of months.
That story BLEW UP. RT : The Bistro at Bijou FB fan page has gotten more than 5000 likes in past 24hrs from all over world.
T-minus 1 hour: my first big(ish) story on #TBI with and will be up stay tuned.
Just came in the crib from hoop-in at UIC
Learned how to take voices out of a song for my students to use for a cell rap.
Every generation needs a new revolution
call me
Apple bees with , , & twitterless
This guy is right on the money. Very articulate. I'm picking up his book 2moro. thanks for sharing bro ...
#ireallywant Austin to cone to England
I'm thinking about it! How many you have left?
that's an awfully wide gate- at what point are people responsible for solving their own problems/remembering the other 12 times?
It's job shadow day here- We will be hosting over 75 students from Columbus City Schools!
Ok. What's up with the #FaceBook this morning other than it being a worthless distraction with all it's quirkiness! Fix it damn it!
Headed to the movie theater. Avenger it is
A girl needs her beauty sleep
Damn Boston Market packed tonight. Oh well...
aww,you're welcome :)
Ok, sounds good. I will tweet you when I get close to ATL, and we can meet up there.
Unfortunately, we cannot fulfill mail orders. We only stock legal, CA cannabis dispensaries. Are you near one of them?
Funniest thing overheard today - "Girl, hold this while I put my wig back on."
Movie Review: American Reunion Bakes Up That Familiar Pie Humor Review in a Hurry: Jim, Michelle, and the rest of the Class of 1999 retur
Just a little bit stressed right now. Nothing a couple shots of vodka and a best friend can't fix.
i wish i could celebrate fathers day with my dad like other ppl..
they left me home alone
The glitch mob
Just got the fault in our stars,. Hopefully makes me cry.
"Stick a Norfolk In 'Em" might be ESPN's dumbest headline of the week...but certainly not of the month.
Love your posts and quotes, made me smile. :)
Fun fact, Dale once took me to souvenir city with a broken arm RT : Talking baseball w bout Appleton &
Attn all ticket holders, bring ur #gabf day-of tix to Oktoberfest #Denver for a free #beer. OKT party goes till 1 am Fri & Sat
how is that black?
Besides anything Michael Jackson or from the Breakin' movies? How about Jam On It
Looks like a fun day in the field!
Survivor- All women finalists, all time low for ratings.
Yup. Something is definitely wrong here #theworldwelivein RT : $8 for grapes? that's 40 chicken nuggets...
Nikki sit yo off ass down...
HahaewwRT : Is there one birthday card out there that doesn't sound like I want to make love to my dad?
Justice for Trayvon Martin!!!
anything chipmunk-related
What happens in Portland..... happens at Exotica
ur livin the life.. Happy Easter and remember to stay sideways when u throw out that first pitch....
Follow Me Please !!
Great game of madden #swag 24-25 quis wins let's go cowboys.
Chips,Soda,cookies
I now know what happiness smells like ...at least according to a candle at Target!
lucky! Me and and mackenzie are practicing right after school tm i totally keep blanking out on the motions
I know that roof! What's going on up there?
UPDATE: no rice, but a few bean skins.
I know it mayb bad to say this now.. buht to be honest. I'm not happy where our relationship stands nemore.
not in australia its 8:48 here ;) where u from xo
Hey if you'll go with me to the Mardi Gras party at the IMU Back Alley, I'll be your designated driver tonight after that.
I got to see Jerrod Niemann and Chris Young at lunch, today! I am one happy girl!
I read the new Action Comics #1. Interesting, more aggressive Superman...
North Korea celebrates Yuri Gagarin's first human spaceflight anniversary with rocket fireworks. Thanks, North Korea!
Indeed. We'll miss you JT RT : Tough break, Bucky. Great effort. Thanks for 4 great years, JTaylor! You'll be missed.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>RT : Tod: “We'll always be friends forever, won't we?” | Copper: “Yeah, forever.” –The Fox and the Hound
oh, thank you!!! That's so nice of you. I'm flattered!
i went to walgreens today too go buy with on it and they didnt have any -_-
We passed the 100 mark! Thanks #Sactown! Now on to the next landmark! LETSGOFOR200! Please RT! ;)
Thank You for the RT!!!
YES! And do gracious... RT : So...is she as beautiful in person as on TV?
Marvellous Music in Cornwall
: Looping in and on these plans!!
Looking forward to continued collaboration and content engagement
UIS staff members have been scheduling lots of fake vacations to test the calendar.
whats in shanghai?
Fascinating insights about cost drivers of sales force iPad implementation in the back end integration - thx A.K. Kistner from Roche
thanks for being our fan!
off to sleep good night :)
Would you dance, if I asked you to dance?
One day will follow me and tweet me.
dunno except don't panic. Google tips, I get it rarely and try to ride it out
“: cut the BTN feed of the Badger game. Another Big Ten coach told him no one would notice. ”lol
Get TAN for Valentine's Day! 9a-2p Buy 1 Instant Tan for $14-Buy 1 UV Tan, get 1 FREE-Recycle your LOTION BOTTLE and get 25% OFF a NEW ONE
Awesome! Send me info at kristin (at) mycoffeeshirt (dot) com Will def take a look! Thanks for reaching out
back in the emerald isle sat 19th just ion time for the caberet,im excited!!! vino n wino tattoos soon? =)
going hard!focused motivated!and making it happen!www.reverbnation.com/slimgoodiecandy!
Are you back in LA? You should be getting your package any day now =D
I FINALLY FOUND TRUE BLUE. Can't believe it was at Best Buy.
Thank you all for the recognition! We love what we do!
": Never thought I'd say this.... But thank you #chp ! Got pulled over and the cop let me out of 5 offenses... Whew! Great job
1. When I played Super Mario Galaxy for the first time. There is something so beautiful about the gravity mechanics + music orchestrations.
if they were the same person, they'd have the same name
As an #anthro minor, might really want to follow #humanbeings!
Get up with me I'm Ready to get back in the booth !
Stfu go to sleep
I'm def NOT gonna be stuck in my dorm Tonite! That's a No, no!
Fwd: : Ah!! RT : proof that twitter is evil: add up the first 144 digits in Pi and you ...
I'm glad I'm not alone haha. But I really procrastinated on it
Nice to meet you all tonight!
For the record... , I have not embraced pinterest. ;-)
Ordered your Born theme and am having a hard time w/the Event Countdown widget and my upcoming ev are showing up as past ev
Color me CRAZY, but Marty Mcfly should have totally boned his mom.
Why is it so humid
Anyone else notice that people are honking a whole lot more in LA? I mean, it's like driving in NYC these days.
Just discovering the responsive layout work and those guys are doing on the bootstrap 2 branch. Great stuff. Thank you!
what time is the map pack gonna come out Tuesday anyone know?
Guess what? As leaders, women rule! Check out this article that talks about a new study that find females outshine their male...
think it's time for a vacation:)!
Do they really have to play the 4th quarter in this game?
#pssst check out this guy over in detroit named JSantiago, he's about to blow up lol
Earth Defense Force is out, alien bugs attack the world! Check out a few music tracks from this great game from D3Publisher and Vicious C…
Another great evening at the Harpole Awards. Thank you for hosting a great event!
Still going. My current distance is 9.79 miles. Current song is Far Behind - Candlebox
We had a blast at riverview park! if you wasn't there you missed out!!!
Someone come change my kitchen light. I have neither bulbs or a step ladder.
I love when ppl think they have haters, when in reality it's just ppl who don't give a fuck if u stop breathing......
Trucks still in the shop so now I'm in pain from Chinese delivery! Why did I eat this ugh FML I hurt haha
I wonder what cee lo's magic wand looks like?
It turns out there's an ocean trench called The Milwaukee Deep. (saw it on XKCD)
Great day of voice rounds and preschoolers putting babies in the toy kitchen microwave but sad to be
Had lunch with a genuine rock-ribbed Texas Republican!
I hate when skinny females say they fat in front of thick females! Bitch if u fat I'm obese! <U+E059>
WHEN WILL YOU BE BACK IN MIAMI I WOULD LOVE TO SET UP A INTERVIEW WITH YOU
I'm reading The Hunger Games right now and it's so reminiscent to Battle Royale. I think I'm getting bored.
what are you doing today, bro?
How's everybody surviving the thanksgiving aftermath?
ESPN must have a rule where whenever they talk about the Yankees they MUST show them playing the O's in the b-roll footage.
To all Cedarville students: How was #thecelebration? Send us some photos of your #preemptivelove for Iraqi kids & we'll share them!
Glad to see one of our fav #brands at
#Edwin Maysonet (who?) just jacked a grand slam for , Crew up on Cubs 6-1 after 6
here is a compliment for you..you're cute(:
Happy Monday!
Its Pouring outside...making it a netflix day and night. Have a great Saturday!
": love your twitcon!"
Ok just got mindfucked. My breakfasts are on the house, but the hostess know who I was and what room I was in without me saying a word!
sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together
this is a response to your greed. You have only your colleagues on both sides of the isle, yourself to blame.
nothing at all there's a thing called class and I have it. So keep writing obscene shit it proves my point
happened-your not following fad- i miss you and hope you well- happy almost birthday!
Beautiful Andy, just beautiful! :-)
RIP Ronnie Montrose!
Perfect! See you then!
yea I graduated from college n shit
": AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!" What did do this time?
God Morning.
#kids Family Movie Matinees at Dallas Public Library - Children's Center, Sun, May 13 2:00p: Every Sunday afternoon at 2pm, join us to...
09/01/2011 - Governmental Affairs Speaker: State Senator Dan Patrick
My Morning Jacket on Storytellers and a swig of Knob.
"I didn't know that women stopped graduating from college in 1975"-22 yo at #aauw11 LOL That was my daughter Rose! But sure looks that way!
Oohhh for what? How old are you?
": Get you WM Gift. Your a winner! " Your prize....VIRUS
Camera adds 10 lbs not 40. Hit the gym bitches.
Ted Nugent hasn't been relevant in the rock industry for over 30 years!
I was totally walking in the streets yesterday!
I'm home alone yay :) lol
Two more days! Abducting the Future for Success: SU Theater / 3:30 pm / Oct. 2nd / *FREE*
back from hanging with my friend taylor...gotta leave in a bit for math class :-/
Had convo with this student whose bf is HIV+. He dated him knowing he was +. His friend contracted it from1st sex experience. HIV is serious
um yo what you doing??
This is going to be epic with moments of boringness in between. I hope you can handle it.
Just two more days and the party is on! Can't wait. 'Bout to be hellllla fun. (; #Fuckyeah #
Can't sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
HAD A BLAST WATCHING THE FIGHT WITH MY BIFFLE :) DOS SANTOS!!!!! WOOT WOOT :)
Back to Lux after a two week travel extravaganza and what makes it even better? A huge stack of letters! I love my friends and family!
I just don't understand those people that you give a chance to speak, and they just dig themselves a deeper hole!
Artistic geniuses are so angsty...
#AdviceFromASenior learn to handle your liquor please, it will save you the embarrassment
What do you run instead?
It's as good as it sounds. :)
Going to be a rough couple days, miss and love you ben. RIP.
Great to see a proud successful Latino man not ashamed of connecting w/ the Latina audience. Loved the issue!
Perverts, all of you. And I'm more Skipper than Barbie.
ive punched my bed a few times after frustrating losses. also ripped up a favre jersey after favreageddon I
Going to the Rockies game today then to my abuelita's for some home cooked comida!
words w. friends? :) brecravens34
No more editing GOSH MY HEAD HURTS LOL I want to go out umm where 2 go In Eville 2night LETSTHINK??
I guess i don't really know you, but according to my timeline I wish i had :) HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! <3
Another internship opportunity: has summer internships with a deadline at 3/17! Learn more here today and apply!
Can I come with you?
Junior RIP
Be ready for whatever comes your way ..
Which is what I just said using other words... :D
We know the feeling!
we are a store in New York City! Check out kmcamera.com
"5 more minutes!"
Thats awesome!!! kickoff is at 6:30, more details are on the FB group invite lol
Bein sick and in bed for weeks straight then working out your legs << #soweak :(
Special things really do happen when something, or someone inspires the fight in a team, other than the game itself. Indy!
I also developed 'Sugar Sweet Science' at New Line and that didn't happen. That was a boxing movie. Danny DeVito
yes! to a writing deal- it's still a long shot but i'm in the process of meeting with people! #fingersandtoescrossedtwice !
How come I have to click "ok" three times now to delete a DM?
You are so welcome! Wish your film much success! :-)
Getting your fatass iPod from the PE boys locker
#PEACE will come when our hearts are filled with peace. We think, act and will PEACE in our hearts. Then we will enjoy PEACE of mind. PEACE
You don't stop laughing because you grow old, you grow old because you stop laughing
I'm such a delinquent tweeter. Thanks for the #FF last week!
#TeamOMG - Proudly representing the city of Milwaukee since September 2010.
Oh what a night this has been! S/O to my new followers too! Some real cuties ;-)
and she's fat... I miss the trashy bitch she use to be
dont the Lakers need action after the ball is in the post like screens to slow down the help? Too easy to double the post right now
Instead of quotas and numbers, Heather prefers working with people
Where there?s a will there?s a way. English Proverb
are u in a bad mood today?
New column debuts in today’s Nonpareil Lifestyles section
So many ways to do this day, focus on the positive and I bet you have a powerful
Why am i waking up so early now on weekends?:/
If it's possible to squee with Cookie Monster vocals, I just did it.
RT : Google taught me way more than what #highschooltaughtme. I love you Google.
FINALLY did my taxes w/ H&R Block At Home.
cannot wait to see Hightower out on the field on Sunday's for the Patriots.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter, and those who matter don’t mind.” – Dr. Seuss
hahaha you could have split mine! it was enough for at least 2, maybe 6. :)
Awesome preso. Thanks for an informative and entertaining afternoon.
Lmao.at the kitchen table talkn to my twiin in li brother.....
I believe bastardo is actually the trousseau of Jura...may be gone from Madeira but still around
oh trust me it is gudd
that's ok, there are gators everywhere - go !
off to California this week to take up my new position as Director of Product Design for Pro Performance Sports Goodbye
Dayyyummmm man I was hoping My momma didnt know I was home .. -_- sighss shit !
The #Knicks play all or nothing game... They better play like there aint no tomorrow.
What gender do you associate with numbers 0-10? 0 and 1 are easy. But 5? Via
"lead activitiesing and helping with reading and math skills for students in grades 3-5" how wholesome and wonderful.
Have not been here in a long time. Time to catch up. Learning more n more everyday. About myself and a being and as an actor!
u welcome
My dad was a huge Fuck up. And my mom was dumb lololol
whats going on in the ville tonight!?
straight paths ate booing.
Also I'll have you know that I bought the whole One Direction album and I enjoy it. There.
Don't put curry in your oatmeal. It does not taste good.
We would love the opportunity to make your Spring Training experience great. Mention our blog for 10% off.
seems like Kobe and.La. Gor the same bug as Melo and NY
lol. Come set up camp.
can't wait to go to the dermatologist tomorrow.
That awkward moment when ur Kit-Kat doesn't make the click noise..
N the studio with the fellas
ooh Mayan food sounds delish. I definitely will check it out while I'm in #sf thanks!
The bullshit on the plane.
It's a great day to be planning your next adventure. Come join us and impact lives by working at a #SummerCamp this summer.
In the studio..casting for a pageant today!!
whos making u mad ??
that's so great :)
haha I know :))
Tonight I get to watch Sorcerer, one of my favorite movies!
Nice meeting you as well!
Indeed, I have not, which is a cryin' shame...congrats on your opening! I was delighted to hear the news.
Not elected to office, but only their name will be on the general election ballot.
Listen to my internet Live Talk Show every Tuesday from 10am-11am Pacific time! go to: www.drrosie.com and click on "Listen Live."
i may have to borrow an embroidery hoop if you think you still have one.... i used to do school work.
RT WE have to be better. (we have to learn to finish the full 90 minutes.)
truth *ogle*
Flying high on a very encouraging e-mail from a publisher this morning. #amediting and grinning.
boys don't get the message,,you have to come right out and say "i like you man" for him to process what's happening.lol
Ready for warm weather and things that bloom.
Hey you know what I was thinking we should do.. VIVA!
Thought I was invincible when I decided to go right back to work after traveling half way across the world. I'm truly exhausted.
What's up w both Toshiba and DirectTV having the same 'improbable series of events' theme to their broadcast ads?
#FirstEdition wants you to get #Dirty with us...in the garden! #LynnSnodgrass, host of #GardenLivingSaturdays joins us w/ wkn ideas
Running late "/
Hey I was in your great store 2 years ago while staying at the amazing Coronado hotel! Hope to come sign with you some day! DL
WOO KG!
mca of the beastie boys passing 2day made me think of & us jamming 2 them as teens & misbehaving! melissa
I want to see this Anchorman 2 teaser and I want to see it now.
Not going to miss my downtown apartment since I'm leaving it for a house with a brewery and a garage.
I hear ya us too
it's like gods hair !!
She once placed an entire order for our family of 5 at the Burger King drive thru trashcan.
eu votei u.u.u lindoooooo
« #HowCanYouExpect to get respect . . if you dont give it . .»
just had the chance to watch your Live @ 7 from last night - wow! Thx for your incredibly kind words about PHAME!
that's not as bad as going after unsweetened baking chocolate.
First 2009 winners crowned at Pomona season opener...
missed me.
Thank you(: how u been doin?
Thanks, Katrina. Hope all is well!
Saw an adidas samba shoe today...flashback
New album today!
Good morning! Have an amazing day!!! Last full week before break!! Let's go!!!!
I'm way too faded!!
hahahaha so true.
Never knew it was possible to be at the airport outside of your gate and still not be sure where im going
shhhhhh no one knows ;)
MY PHONE TRIPPING GOTTA GET HOME INTERNET ASAP
Aw, I was there on Thursday! Paths almost crossed!
I hate Floyd. He's such arrogant prick. Ugh.
and Killed it at Coastal Carolina! Vid is so fucking sick!
"Like" it if this is how your week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday.
#YoMommaSoFat she has to wear a spandex wedding ring
RT: Sorry But you've become not much more than trash TV and you're outta here!// Amen and double amen
Man alot of these celebrities are pushing maximum density & their clothes just make `em look worse.
Let's take that leap and be kind to one another for this leap day on the horizon. Good morning Tweets and FBs!!
Just waiting for the session to start. Darlene will take bribes. Chocolate preferred
You ever realize that Violent J kinda looks like Gary Moore?
1of2 don't like #uconn as our poss sec game but if it was the way wants it we'd have someone like Ohiost in the first round
Mortgage Rates: No Change in Outlook. Choppy Waters in Short Term
Eager to hear from a live human being if it's good or simply "violence pornography."
i tried to cal but cant get threw
Day 2 - "Sports Authority". We are shooting at beautiful Lake Casitas in Ojai, CA. I brought the whole family along, my dog is loving it!
bra I was talking about 4 2nite
Such an incredible blessing to have a life filled with so many beautiful people and opportunities. Thanks for all the love.
It is too overbearing sometimes.
Nice to get the good 'ol tan back this weekend. Thank you baseball season.
Some love one, some love two. I love one that is you.
oh it's so clear now ;-
"The only reason why your boobs are big is because its making up for the brain you don't have" lolspasm u no who I'm on bout?
Saw Sedgwick and the cast of "The Closer" at screening at the SAG offices on Wilshire last night. Great episode !
“: Alright whose the asshole that puked down the stairs in the physics building hitting floors one thru three” o wow lmao
Youssou N'Dour at the Kennedy Center tonight, for free! I love living in Washington, DC
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. Don't find an excuse !!
lol but when i see you we gonna fight lol off rip
the pope has a twitter... Of course I followed him...
Going over to to talk to Occupy MN protesters. Wonder how long they can stand the cold?
you don't get to hang out with your friends as much, and it can get lonely for some people.
I always see the same people lurking by the copier. There is nothing on the planet that needs to be copied as much as these people copy.
Didn't know he spent time in Reno. Nice. “: And yes, that is the same Jeremy Lin that played for the Reno Bighorns”
oh ok! menos mal
we in there !
great to meet you Cory!!
Get out of here with that ugly ass avatar!
it's Calvin from 227, not Melvin.
damn that's a nice ass title. You must be an Outkast fan like myself
I finally witnessed the madness myself. Didn't bring enough stuff to be concerned haha.
Has anyone gone ring shopping at one of our FlyerFit retailers?
I wanna Dance.....
my greatest disappointment with Philadelphia is I have to watch that show alone. REVENGE!
Turns out we were 7hrs early 4 the Yankee game. Now enjoying the #rapture in Riverside Park.
- Will we see you at tonight's #FreshCoastFriday's at Ryan Braun's Waterfront Grill? It starts at 5 o'clock.
While many states move ahead for a better future, NC decides to take several steps backwards. The "old fashioned" & "the bible says..." won.
#Naughtons has been a Tucson fixture since 1951. If you haven't stopped in to any of our 5 locations you haven't seen Naughton yet.
Blink-182. Offending moms since 1992.
Those friends who are always there for you.... Sometimes your #TwitterFriends are better than your real ones. #JustSaying -
Ha! Of course, We both know how that worked out, right?
Birthday shopping in Chicago (:
she lied ;) RT mom said I was handsome :)
What about The Giant Jam Sandwich? I had completely forgotten about that one until you mentioned yours!
Always love those daily calls with , catching up on drama llama and gossip and what goes on in life, haha.
Good Morning Madz!
still haven't heard from *sigh*
Hang in there! Everyone in my office feels sick today but me -- change of weather (?) Trying to stay strong!
have you seen the train of boycotting his advertisers? follow #boycott rush.
i have a small obessesion with easter egg jelly beans..
honor your past. enjoy the present. prepare for the future.
you bet it was! You can catch the next one every Thursday
yes I think for the most part. Its all about independent info these days. Unaffiliated forums seem more reliable I think
yep! that will do it. Evil Boy, honestly what is with those South Africans. District 9 freaked me out too.
Parents are pissing me off!
haha That would give it away. What is Sir Marky Mark O' Muncie doing tonight?
I just want one follow from one of the boys.
My work is becoming my dreams.
At our event marketing seminar. Full room. Good salad. Salmon just arrived.
will do!
I feel like I'm drowning.
Thanks to BCS Chamber for great awards event last night!
I'm so happy to have Pettitte back! Go Yanks!
OK third attempt at sleep tonight. Just pounded a bag of sugar snap peas.
Sometimes the robot takes its time RT : What prompted Google Alerts to find a comment I left on a blog 3 yrs ago... today?
Dream accomplished, you DO inspire me.
in need of a good blackhead/face cleanser scrub, suggestions?
hey boo
went to a "how to eat healthy in grad school" talk with 4 boxes of Girl Scout cookies in my bag. #ideal vs.
lol you know how I feel about 90's music!!!
Confused on how I got 100% on something but I missed 3 questions? Oh well :P
that was a dominating effort well done for the cardinal
heard you today on Savage Love, brought a smile to my face on an otherwise dreary WI tues. Keep on you Vulva puppeteer you!
Really annoyed that I can't hear this Gossip stream. >:(
RT : You have to believe in yourself when no one else does- that makes you a winner right there. -Venus Williams
Funny, Linda!
thanks about the article!
RIP RT lol I just had a Cheese Burger, Big Mac, large fry and a large Milkshake
The #groundbreaking2012 ceremony was amazing! #NMAP2015 is next!!
uummmm you already looking at 45 to life my guy...
any mid race update??
lets get them scoring time
It's on!!! First one home gets one minute alone with the buffalo chicken dip.
Billy Crystal back and hosting the #Oscars makes me feel like all sense has been brought back to award shows...can't wait!
#Evanovich, Lean, Mean Thirteen. Another one into the pile for 2012's booksale. One more left from 2011 sale? You betcha.
Getting halo-halo post cuz that's how I roll :D
My love for you keeps me human
Ugh,pulled all nighter last night Today,My Son,School,Dr.visit,dinner,laundry.I'm pooped! I want to see the Chief though!
Veteran leadership of course.
Thank you.
I think i understand where Andrew Luck is coming from, theres so many question marks for next year
Picture wrap on and for - that means they're done! Party time!
totally do it! I'll buy a mote just for that.
hey neighbor!!!! That's more like it! I may not email so much but I'm always on twitter!!
The biggest mistake you can ever make in a child's life is taking away the necessary building years of playing sports, and just being normal
Check out , and me at the Star Tribune-sponsored night of the Holidazzle parade tonight. We'll be jingle elves.
RT if you're going to see on Thursday at the LC, 7p!
I'm having pajama monday.
*dodges flying shields*
Well, it's safe for you to come back into Little 5 Points again! All the crazy costumers are gone!!
“: Don't pretend everything's okay, open up to someone. you'll feel ten times better.”
Good to hear. Going good. Just been learning as much as I can & working hard. We gotta get together one of these days.
": I need a cocktail after that bullshit!!"Who u tellin!?
Dear #BlueMountain, lessons useful, rentals orderly, lift nerve wracking = fun! Splendid overall! However, your #survey ends w/ a loop error
If anyone would come after me, he must deny himself and take up his cross and follow me-Jesus
its where we are located. -_- Its on glenwood
So if you love somebody better tell them so cause you never know when they gonna go. If they love you back just give thanks.. Cant keep love
and the anticipation is literally killing me
Don't forget, folks! We have a show at The National Underground here in Nashville on Tuesday, March 6th!
If someone offers you a breath mint, accept it. - H Jackson Brown Jr
Back in the library after 5 days off-campus. Time to start scheduling some appointments.
Can't wait to hear the voiceover, Mr Ubik!
#Hugs From Behind >>> #InstantTurnOn :) -Girls
Got a tough project? 30 mins of concentrated effort sets you on your way. Don't procrastinate. Work in 30 minute bursts/gets it done.
I was just informed that I'm 'footloose and fancy free' ;)
Slushy day in Santa Fe!
Sometimes I'm sorely tempted to send "let me google that for you" links as a response to my neighborhood listserv. I resist.
not that kind of big.
Met with Deedee Bradley who casts Switched at Birth and Smallville. Said I was adorable! Yay!
lol. Who you telling girl? Yu better not be sending me off eitha.
Trust me, i'm a ninja.
I want to email you some tracks if you're interested
where is it located
Somewhere in TN with killing Poison's "Momma's Fallen Angel" while watches The Wire.
well don't rush! Hahah but good luck (:
Baseball and Steak Night. Get in here!
hey kid! Finally joined the mommy club ... Lol
A Perfectly Fall Recipe: Pear Bread
Good afternoon! Hope everyone has a blessed Saturday. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
IGN took off review points for Minecraft on Xbox 360 because it doesn't support mods. What Xbox 360 game DOES support mods???
Today's agenda: Try to deal with &/or avoid crazy roommate, squeeze in a manicure, interview with a vampire interviewer, Game of Thrones
just purchased tix for the show in #MKE next week! is hoping there is a biebs cover involved.
really annoyed at this weather. was looking forward to the food truck road warriors today.
Q4 find your twitter niche and get involved in chats like #InternPro -- I did after grad during my first job. Whole new world ...completely
pay that guy no mind. He's from britian
here with belle .
Arrived at Izmir, Turkey. Had nice dinner with fam on a roadstop, cost? $12! Filled the gas tank, cost: $105!
BBQ plans for the Holiday weekend? Do your best to reach for the lean protein options and the fruits and vegetables. You'll feel better :)
Headed from Richmond to Atlanta on 85 south anybody know what the weathers like ahead?
I desperately need my hair done.
good luck!
Just heard David Peaston passed away yesterday also. Am I late?
RT : it's spring time. weather is nice. and I need to be in it.
Cast removed. Any advice on helping a 3 year old not leaping from tall buildings for the next few weeks?
thanks for your continued leadership in supporting the
There is no doubt that is basically the most awesome person ever. Such a fun interviewer, yes!
It's in OP near Panara it's called Francesca's
my gym is in hot boy overload today! yum yum gimme some :)
To Mick Foley at IMPACT WRESTLING:BRING BACK THE 6-SIDED RING TO "IMPACT WRESTLING"!
Stand by me best moviee
I-9 compliance strategies: internal & external audits, train HR, and have a system for responding to the gov't.
Groupie Bitches <<<<
frank and nics actually calls itself a sports bar. I am ok anywhere I can see the game.
NYC Mobile Adventurer Free!!! Answering Questions & Helping You Plan Your NYC Trip!!!
Words of wisdom for today: There's plenty of time to live in a van down by the river... When you're living in a VAN. DOWN. BY. THE. RIVER.
Sex IS Better Than Love !! (:
Walked two 8% incline miles, upper body strength training and 2 minute forearm plank.
we are proud of you too! RT Auto show with tonight! Papa Meiers would be so proud of his little girl :)
Made it home safe....
AMEN TO THAT
did the internet get you there easily?
yeah i like j cole
ooooohhhh that made me laugh so hard....
true thing my brother.
#mnwild When did te #NHL remove the interference rule?
Contract was a scam guys! Sorry for the excitement keep helping and supporting us!
groping your flyer...
no problem my sweet dear. =]
Heck of a season.Thanks for the #badgers coverage this season. I really enjoy your stats,quotes,pics & personal take on things.
ugh. depressing day. even coffee won't fix this slump..
*throws on 3 goggles* RT“: officially done with Freshman year of college”
I haven't been active on here for awhile...going to make a point to converse more.
Does anyone else see the similarity between Timeline Apps (Facebook) and all those apps people used on MySpace back in the day?
My sisters graduating class was just announced at the class of 2001?? I think the woman was about 10 years behind schedule..Congrats !
was actually the first time and I saw it..we laughed a lot!!
Sure thing! Hope you're having a good day as well.
and it's successful just furthering stupidity!! Now he will keep doing it.
I have like 72916392 pairs of sunglasses. Actually, only like 4 or 5 but yeah. I love sunglasses though(:
i still pretend to be with Balki when the wind blows hard and I struggle against it.
“: Best party on the earth, and with 15 of the best bartenders on the planet. You guys rock. #Carnival”
the lamb slaughter is in ANOTHER script?
Always prepared to live the High Life!
get mad.... Haha then I go live life to get some inspiration
You would be correct. Little highways that lead to no where lol ;-)
I'm so lost without the WordPress admin bar.
The most powerful gift human beings have? CHOICE
You've gone so far already<3 All mahomies are so proud <3
I change it to ringtone every March RT Anybody else have "One Shining Moment" on their iPod? Admit it.
Nope not really! RT : Do we have to care if others perceive us as entitled? Do we have to change?
I have two people inn mind...lmao
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 6
Xyleme LCMS is 100% XML, so it’s based upon granular open RLOs for collab & multi-modal output. Happy to set up demo
Is rocking out to youtube. :) #music Then has has homework later....#fuckthatshit XD
Why is Austin so sad
exactly, they'll learn once we've all graduated and gone our separate ways
I almost texted you when we passed the Fernandina exit. Why were you there again? Seems so... out of your element.
heinz field
Being forced to watch the Heat/Pacers game against my will. . .
Will be in D.C. tomorrow promoting the new movie 'Fair Play'
Swine Flu claims life of a U.S. toddler in Texas according to the CDC this morning. No details on child. This is first death outside Mexico
I Love you mom i know it hard being a single mom, but i just want you to know i love you and i thank you for eveything you did #TurnToYou <3
#heartbreaker Currently having a baileys on the rocks in celebration.
still trying to figure how to wk it :(
Riding thru downtown
#Huskers' #Niles #Paul out with foot injury
Thursday = 1/2 off Wine Bottles All Night!!
Thank you for following, Means a lot to me, I will definitely be picking up this book!
Home alone + doorbell rings = I'm going to die.
70 campuses? Misleading, again. It's 23 institutions, most 2-year. In Utah, 136,000 students in public institutions.
Bob Uecker...come on dude. You gotta' stop almost calling it.
Brandon Bogut Bucks
New post: David, oh Delicious David
My church goes hard man. Outside the building too.
7 impressions comparing #MLA12 (Modern Language Association, for academics in language/literature) and #SIBOS (global banking conference)
Disco935 New York Plays “I’ll Lick You and Kiss You Like A Lollipop” www.dissco935.net DJ Vjc Mixer
Is ANYONE watching GCB? Pedestrian and derivative and those are it's good qualities. Won't last.
Sign up for www.streetgroovemagazine.com Unlimited social network and Internet marketing
i hate the new #facebook look
Ill check it out. Thanks
Got my dog's teeth cleaned today. I hope when she smiles a $324-dollar star sparkles off her canines. Also, she looks so stoned right now.
Thanks. I don't think it was dehydration. I hydrated well, but maybe electrolytes. I did use a Clif Shot...
Omg is that real life?
RT!!! Needed that :)": Don't give them no more chances, they already had their turn. Everything happens for a reason."
Cause I'm broken when I'm lonesome, and I don't feel like I am strong enough
Next big thing: video game called "Mass Affect," where we all log into XBox Live & share our feelings in a virtual outer space.
Snarted RT : and Tom would be a creepy owner haha.
Absolutely. If you want an evaluation pass, just let us know!
thanks. You 2
they're only following 80
It is so amazing how someone can have lime, neon green eyes in one picture, and the next have perfectly brown eyes!
#NP: cheers (drink to that)
hey seattleites - does anyone have a power washer I can borrow?
Koman CNY exec director says regional affiliates urged nat'l to reverse decision "It was a mistake...We didn’t belong in that conversation"
Tony Parker is only 29? Wow.
Very unsatisfied with my choice of eating Subway over Chiptole
Man, that vs. twitter battle is crazy! Dudes are funny!
Can't decide between going to a scholastic bowl meet and getting AP US History extra credit
. Senate Republicans have refused to rebuild and modernize our schools and community colleges—why?
That concludes our lunch meeting today. Hope everyone enjoys the rest of their day and marks their calendar for the Sailabration!
sorry about tonight...was in the middle of a dinner meeting and didn't get out till 8:30pm. I will see you on Friday.
when Jamie Moyer made his debut, who was the oldest player in MLB at that time? Thx! Should be a fascinating answer...
What a colorful sunset. The Sandia mountains are so magnificent!
I just need somebody to love...
RT : Bar Ilan School of Communication of Israel organizing Chicago Summit 2012 - a wk of events in Chicago May 1-7.
Time 4 sleep...
lol his friend just sent me a dm, you a true snake bruh, I'm telling you said fuck him, you probably reading this tweet and feeling stupid
More energy than most days, still less than optimal.
Oof sorry to hear that. If I win, you are welcome on my party plane to Hawaii!
being on facebook just starting drama and mess you
Its the black 64
When my parents find out i need to pay when i apply to college they're going to freak
LMAOOO i felt like i didn't even see you today like uhh
Smeagol from Lord of the Rings having sex with a black girl: "oh, my precious"
Talking in an English accent at #WholeFoodsAtx, getting lots of silly looks <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00A7>
I thought I meant more to you.
#Community and #pizzarolls. I love right now.
Directing Life Tracker will make me a better screenwriter, because I can see how many words are just not needed.
That was a great episode of #CriminalMinds tonight
In the census session at
too lazy to twitter ,lol
no thanks to Finley's td drop!!!
1: Minimum number of times per day I get frustrated that gmail keyboard shortcuts don't work in Outlook.
2/2 and make boehner-cantor-mcConnel's head explode. And yeah finally govern on his terms. No law of any sig. will get to him bef election
: I saw Beauty & The Beast in 3D. It's a feast for the soul. Lovingly romantic.
Haley Rinheart (AI) will been OK she just needed a little set back to keep her humble.
Um maybe you shoulda continued the shy role cause you just blew it!
Unity is a mutual decision which selects a particular path toward a shared destination. (Amos 3:3)
i will let OED know.
Cedar waxwings in the apple tree outside my office window.
aw, you should have set aside some time for yourself. You know, relax a little…
Just got back from my meeting with black cash, TeamMilitant all the way......
definitely! There are lesson plan 'packages' that archaeologists have developed for teachers. Heard of 'project archaeology' ?
“: If You Coming Out To See Me Live in GRAND RAPIDS TONIGHT TWEET BACK !!!!!” <-- Can't make it, enjoy Grand Rapids!
Yes! #werk #bookit #photography RT : New Headshots by on order at #ArgentumPhoto - Let's do this!!!
RT : Happiness is my destiny...
I don't know about you but I'm expecting for a victory over Chivas USA! #RCTID No Pity Coast to Coast!
Smh Central was like jail today....
god not gods lol. I see god as the unmoved essence of everything. Not a pissed off old vouyer
#LA #Museum of the #Holocaust is OPEN today. Come hear Sol Berger's incredible story of survival today at 12:00 PM. Admission is free!
I ta ta tweeted you today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
They had several flavors, the only one I can remember was a cinnamon flavor. All of the sharks loved them! Very creative and smart...
"Off brand bitch" lol
Pure is looking for a digital project manager. Know a good candidate? Tweet me.
My Love n I been together for 5yrs n our sex still b on fire!
#Top5SongsofAllTimeForMe 5. R kelly - the worlds greatest
“What you leave behind is not what is engraved in stone monuments, but what is woven into the lives of others.” ~Pericles
Hi Kelly! Thanks for the follow!
don't get in the way of me making mistakes!!
You sharin.? RT : finna eat some cap'n crunch
needs to stop being so M.I.A. n not forget us little ppl, who want nothing but to know they friend still alive n well :)
Storm coming out of Watertown area has power to create damaging hail.
It's late, I should be in bed. But instead, I'm doing yoga...in my work clothes. Maybe next time I'll think twice before coffee at 8:30 pm..
panic at the disco
thats what i thought danny!
no shortage whatsoever.... :-)
#nccetl kids want dynamic resources not just textbooks- it's possible to embed more & more
Never allow loneliness to drive you back into the arms of someone you know you don't belong with
Really? A paragraph only, huh? You've given me something to think about. Thanks.
A laugh! And yet, I fear you must wait till circumstances arise that will sanction a closer intimacy.
Then I saw a nigga with a polo shirt where the horse ws so big the man ws on da bck of the shirt! Com on son dat shit aint real!
they are brown most of the time only when its like a full moon or something is when they turn dark blue.
Ray Charles!
I'll be presenting at 2:15 in the presentation room.
I've always guiltily appreciated MNF's love for the Bears and wondered what possible reason they could have for it.
yeh that's the one I'm talkin bout lol
Trayvon's history is extremely relevant to whether he may have attacked Zimmerman. If he has no record, that's relevant too.
Best night in a long time (:
lolz I dunno I'm half asleep here
My mom and I watched it all the time when I was little. My favorite is always "Chicken Soup With Rice," but it also has...
Great folks to follow:
YES PLEASE! RT > : How about we announce the winners of the Maya Jane Coles picture disc 12"?
ah i gotta wake up at 6am, but i'll wait a little in case someone uploads soon! hehehe
House hunting in Methuen / Dracut for a sunny 3br/2bath GEM with fireplace on 1+ acre with finished basement. NEW! Priced to sell. Call BFH!
RANDI, he had you saying jackme off (er)
Back at work after a wonderful week of vacation off the grid. Feeling rested and recharged.
#artsummit in session on Global connectivity, what responsibility does developed world have to developing world arts?
Toy story 3!!!
what heat were you in
YES. That's a perfect analogy.
The Red Rocks are amazingg, my favorite one was the snoopy one(:
Jan Baum is up now, talking about Interdisciplinary Object Design #designconvo 37
yeah, he saw my get up kids shirt, I think that tipped him off!
My best friend is literally fucking insane and this relationship has become so toxic that it needs to just be ended. Cold fucking turkey.
Andre miller sucks.
yes, that's been fixed.
thanks husband Chris for the Happy Birthday message: "In a world full of wonders, you are among the most wonderful of all."
RT : Loving reading the #cbsdayinthelife series. Can't wait until next August!
awesome job at House of Blues last night! LOVED you!
Wish I was at
Does she refer to herself as "Cleaning Lady" or "Cleaning Person?"
clearly haha, btw WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS!!!
k I will! :) and omg Hoot Fest Is Gna be AMAZING!! :)
Women & Men ’s Comfort Fit Titanium Wedding Band – 6 mm
I'll have to check dates and such, I need to attend a warped this year
well i didnt know that.
to work within a system of checks and balances for the good of WE THE PEOPLE!
what a great day for me and for all my followers, tell me if posible if something great happened to you today
so sad I couldn't see last night at homecoming <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Somehow I have developed an Irish accent by talking to my cousins. School tomorrow should be interesting now
“When someone breaks your heart, someone else is waiting to fix it.”
Super excited! About to see in downtown Indy!
Going in at 11 today, so I'm spending the morning writing and looking at all the outfits from the Met Gala. All of them.
RT : coalition is bringing folks together to #extendlearning. Great 2 see & others stepping up 2 give...
Read all of tweets before you go to school. That's what I always do..
Firefox < Google Chrome
Who's that guy?
it's a laying on the floor listening to '69 love songs' by Magnetic Fields sort of day I guess...
I would watch John Carter 10 more times before I'd sit through Hunger Games again. Please let everyone who's over the age of 16 reject this.
Life and family are great. Son just turned 7. Rocked a orange glaze pork tenderloin last night. #waytooexciting #feelinold ;-)
You live in California?? I'm jealous.
Happy Birthday hot mama
over something stupid. That I dont give a fuck about. But I guess its my fault?
#TwSIG Listen and follow first, and learn the twitter way of conversation. Be responsive and forthcoming and in real-time. Celebrate comm.
There's good information to share with my #jour111 students in this lecture, but I must admit to picking a snoozer of a lecture.
Yeah I got wifi.... didn't say it was mine.
icons website is hacked. again.
EveryDay Im Chucklin :D x
Taking the lane has added benefits. As cyclists we have power to slow down cars for pedestrians & everyone else.
He's the guy she loves, the guy she's waited to get online, the guy she waited for his calls, but he's also the guy who didn't love her back
What is trending right now? We like to stay up to date what the cool videos are so help us out!
you're the coolest dancer in rochester todd! So glad were friends! Thanks for spreading my love! You rock
How did this come together? There's a chance I can swing by.
“: The chorus of, "Without You," was done by the incredible - go follow him!” much love
A little over 2 more months and I'll be 22 -____-
It's awkward but now if you have sex with bananas and condoms, you'll.know what to do.
The ski conditions at was awesome today! If you were not there, you missed it! Loving the Moguls on the Upper Omigosh. :)
#BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!! :) <33
If you're happy, if you're feeling good, then nothing else matters
that's like shit! :p Loll
Miss you too! Hope all is well in sunny Cali!
Playing Angels and Kings in Hollywood tonight.
you trying to play there?
Happy v-day everyone. I hope no one had to work as hard as I did today! :-)
Just met one of the bee green team at the kitchen, the complete opposite of my stuff, all veggies and healthy things!
Say this out loud: Alpha, Kenny, Body. Retweet if you get it
“: VIDEO GAME LOGIC: Everyone worst than you is a noob and anyone better than you has no life.”
Back to Back doubles by Mayberry and Galvis and the Phils lead 1-0 heading to the 3rd.
excited to get out of snowy(hopefully) denver this week to napa for world of flavors chef summit in napa- will post pics!
other movts much easier but first movt is a killer! harmony sophisticated and profound! real late Bach wisdom! out of this world!
um maybe
there's a cop with a k9 walking around my apartment complex
ok watched it. Um does #cougarmariah realize he's not 18? And more importantly neither is she?
Happy Saturday everyone! I love that's a bit cold in the morning..time for some coffee and oatmeal!
I love that view. I was out by the lighthouse today too and laughed when I saw that party cat thing. Strange.
#ReasonsToNotCallBack Your message was 5 minutes long. I don't want to hear that than hear it from you. Ever.
I can't wait to watch Bayless play in the summer league, I hope he does well at the point.
"Goodbye TV a.k.a E.I.R. - electronic income reducer"
wait they just won! (:
ill share
everyone will forget about it, just don't reply to the haters. let them hate, they need to get a life:)
Lotsa internet meme costumes. Seen at least 3 Nyan Cats. Love it.
Listening to the Aria from Le Nozze De Figaro always calms my nerves. Needed. Editing Funk
Loved #theboss "born to run" on
I swear to god if my parents don't shut up...
turn to you brings up so many memories of my mom raising me as a single parent. so inspired <3
Vote for Us On The A-List!
Hugh S/O to for always holding me down with the shout outs n respecting the grind I appreciate u homie!!!
Oh yes! LOL RT : Tyson Beckford is trending? Did we go back to the 90s? If so, I want Bryce Wilson from Groove Theory lol
good morning!.. Have a great race weekend!!
ME TO!
Thanks for the RT!
Glad Capuano gave green light to " get a little bloody" thats what unions do best! getting bored w all teh non-violence
yezzir!! Text me your account
Thanks lady! Still getting used to your new Twitter handle. Miss Panthergirl!
professional = they are paid to play. If you actually meant "major league" then of course :)
if i say to my two year old "its mine!" hell go "i spend it" and if you say it first he'll go "no I spend it daddy!!" so funny.
#ThankYouAlexConstancio for being a true gentlemen; #AlexIsATrueGentlemen <U+2764>
A1. Usually just word of mouth. We get lots of word-of-mouth at our place, so that's usually the best source ;-)
hahahaha, you would just for that reason to!!
Need a kick stand the way I lean #racks-on-racksOn-racks lol
Shine.Follow your dreams.Find your way.Don't let anyone judge you.And don't worry you won't be alone with me there!;)
that's exactly what's on my mind this morning!!!
I just couldn't help myself :-x
So busy;never have time 4 this anymore. Hello everybody #Blessed 2 b up & gettin ready 2 clean my tank. I know my fish yelling at me lol
just saying kid...especially as I apparently "coerced" u to the future.
My hair is full of secrets. ;)
#rangers In 162 game season, I get Ron Washington's mentality, but in a SHORT series, you cant keep Young hitting 4th. Use Cruz or Beltre!
@ the Library: Saturday Librarian! Hopefully today will be better than yesterday's train wreck of a day.
...WHO WANNA JOIN MHEE.
the way she dance you would think she used 2 be a stripper lol
I love my mom so much she's really the greatest and is always there for me and she's just hilarious. <3 #HappyMothersDay :)
It's a bit cloudy today in NYC, but the weather says spring is definitely here! Get out and enjoy the next few days of warm & sunny weather!
tried it out- it's good! I like the cute character. did find it a little difficult until i got used to jumping on walls.
I wonder if th group wants to hanf today. ?
#Outsidelands line up is full of Gems but once again I wonder what age demographic are they targeting with their headliners?
So much to do before the show Friday. Make cd's/samplers make samples for new songs shave my dirt stash ect...
MISS YOU !!
*raises hand on ur #thirstrap RT: I need a man that'll cook and wash dishes"
Sigh. It's been so long since I've seen you, you've made my bucket list. :)
same shit twistin up and watch tv
I never call, she know whats up
NICE RESALE, NICE RESALE, NICE RESALE...just launched and going strong at BVEN Boutique. More will be added daily! shop online at...
does the rpi factor in teams rated 250 and 340 are no different when say a UK plays them? Is this hurting uk's SOS?
aww! hahaha yayy thank you so much for listening to it!!
I seriously hate political polling. Lived in NV for 2010 H Reid/Sharron Angle race. Polls had her ahead; he won, cited poll flaws in speech.
thank YOU, sir :)
working on weekend plans
The soil they walked upon was choked with the pulverized matter fallenfrom the cloud
impressive and nice profile pic, btw : )
I already had those germs. So I wasn't really afraid of them.
that was not said in jest my friend. That is my prediction.
drawsomething and find out
Be with someone who knows what they have when they have you.
Business Cards
HAHA. Now that's a good one!
To tree or not to tree... They smell so lovely, but not sure I want to deal with ornament boxes!
evacuate the dance floor pumpkin!!!!
Thanks for the follow, man. I followed back. Check out the baddest guitarist on the planet,
We are watching Blazers shootaround. RJ is here first for the #spurs as usual.
Just hit my broken hand <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
how do i unblock someone?
Thank you! Try out one of our free classes; 5PM Penmar park today & tomorrow! RT NOW FOLLOWING
Happy Columbus Day, for those of you that celebrate genocide.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR HOSTING LAST NIGHT! YOUR SO WONDERFUL LOL
me too! haha
thanks4 the follow I think Prince is the greatest and his fans are loyal his music is priceless loved his movies prince4ever
Congrats to Rl9's own for committing to Coastal Carolina university Tristan Curtis proud of you homey.
let me know how they turn out, or if you come across / adapt a good recipe...
How has reading a live-tweeted program been meaningful for you?
Reading Romans 11-13 today. Join me.
They are actually really nice people. Totally get it. Mind you Ive never heard their music.
Black Manta now part of the Light!!!
[Campus Bulletin] Ah, what perfect weather to remind people that Spring Break is over and wrench them back to our bleak reality.
You know you live in LA when you're stuck in traffic and the light changes 3 times but you only move 10 feet ahead.
Had a blast hangin' with last night at the #CaptainAmerica premiere & after party. Definitely worth checking out the movie & game!
25 page article? No thanks.
I would literally do anything for an egg bagel toasted with butter right now
RT : If Speed does a The Day show on the 54th running of the Daytona 500, they'll have to call it The Week.
U guys rock
now looked good in the beginning, but I think it looks awful now. But it does cover my flecks of grey regrowth a lot better than
Better check my messages. You obviously have me confused with someone else.
#yes it does. Nothing on the weekend to look forward to anyway
rose betta play
We can't keep up with the interviews today! was interviewed by KMBC in KC, and by KSN!
Today's tale: The Man of Law! www.twitter.com/brackman1066/cbtweets
My pleasure! Great to have you at SLJ!
Excited about the future!
I want them to be all those things I could never be..I want them to aim high as hell and go for it..
I've always wanted an aquarium in my room
How u like that?
MaN. I'm on. This t moble now...pow bitch
Sounds like she has a little bug then.
The 1D concert got sold out for the Universal city walk. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Man i been did that
thnx for rockin the !! Even if a radio edit.
You can watch either of them tomorrow on Hulu.
r u serious pretty much all my twitter BFF's are like famous? That shows i have NO life:(...
its in ur fb inbox right now
I met Jesus today, not Christ, just some puerto rican kid from the Bronx.
I'm N A Gud Mood Rite Nw
Serious about Paula Leaving?? Shes one of the reasons I tune in nightly, Her next destination will be lucky to have her
Ok, extra points for that : Alright Anheuser Busch, definitely loved the "Rescue Dogs" shout out.
When another is speaking look them in the eye focus on their energy give your complete focus to them as if no one else in the world exists
Lol RT : “: I hope OJ enjoys his minimum contract with the Bobcats next season” lol
lemme know which ones you want and sizes homie
We do catering - box lunches too! Check our reference list! 10 percent off for new customer orders. Call today! 614-891-ACME.
#libchat I've had children/teens come to programs where they read out loud - when there's food involved too (behold the power of food)
smiles cross the miles !! love u Ellen
It sure is :L and oh god don't start! <3
You'd watch? You wouldn' join me? RT hmm.. I'd watch if I lived closer :
baby i know you feel me
thank you sir
Was there a share holders meeting today? The amount of Disney news today is crazy!
Waiting for Tuesday to seem like a Monday.
by writing a song about it =) RT : How do you relieve your stress?
hahaha no good guess tho... my mom!
Tonight 5/14 #DC free: Healthy Living for Physical & Spiritual Health / Benefits of #Vegetarian Lifestyle 7PM MLKing Library 901 G St
Has now entered the period of travel weariness where he is willing to endure marriott courtyard marketing spiels in exchange for access ...
Thankful my wrong choices led me to where I am today. Burned a couple bridges but I see I'm better this way.
Remember in 08 when lots of you volunteered to elect Obama? That. Now. Wisconsin. #recallwalker #wiunion. 20 days till election.
and this is supposed to be a "conscious" rapper?!?
. THAT is how you build a base and how you successfully launch a 3rd party.
Having our first New Member Meet and Greet at Jonesy's Eat Bar tonight. Should be fun!
How come when gamblers bet and win, it's taxed as "ordinary" income, but when Romney bets on companies and wins, it's "carried interest"?
And when I do go see when gone high( voice)
I'm so goddamn old it's going to be hard for this WTF'er & fan to stay up and see on - like the 90's,
good deal... we're with you bud!
"Your brand is the real estate you own in someone's mind." - I-have-no-idea can anyone help me with who coined this? It's an awesome idea.
does anybody know of shows we might be able to play?
haha yeah rumors spread to fast, and I don't care so I hear of all this things happen later. And no one minds their own business.
God, regular Pepsi is not that good. Even from a fountain.
$5 BUYS YOU $10 WORTH OF SUBS, CHEESESTEAKS AND BEVERAGES AT LENNY'S SUB SHOP. BUY IT TODAY AT WWW.MYDAILYDEALS.COM
Disagree: Fewer hits/runs means each one is more exciting, more critical. Nothing worse than thinking, "Look, another HR (yawn)."
Huge Night coming up with #Loaded on 3-22-12. Contact me for VIP tables and tickets.
Thanks for the RT :)
The problem is, replace it with what?
Let us now praise famous hobos.
by the way, great shot. You can clearly see the different bill shape from the more common double-crested cormorant.
Night all! I know it's technically morning (here in Lancaster County, PA), but it's dark so "good night" seems much more appropriate. :)
The Encore of Tony Duran lead actor Gene Pietragallo honored in #Pittsburgh 11/10-10am City Council to proclaim "Tony Duran Day
Hey tweeps! Give a shutout to #CommunityAction agencies all over the world making a difference in peeps lives - today is their twitter day!
You are not the first person to make this claim RT I think you're crazy
man don't even say the word dumpster to me for at least a week, please bro...
My baby braiding my hair and my ass is hurting so bad she better rub when she down
RT : I hate that as much as I love the Sam Jackson one.//She irritates me to no end.
Yo mama is so fat she sat on an ipod and made it an ipad!
I would love it if you'd follow me. I sprained my ankel yestarday and seeing that you followed me would makr me feel better.
I just saw that you had another surgery. Well wishes my friend :)
The pics are blurry, did Justin Bieber get a tattoo of Tim Tebow on his leg?
absolutely. Ad FUNction game have been constructed by kids for years. We help them learn physical skill within games
Everyone appears sane.
Chicago? You're lookin' mighty fine. Mighty fine indeed.
Looks like we have a #hnh2012 showdown going on!! This could get ugly! Best of luck!
A little envious of everyone listening to keynote right now. better take notes!
GET UP! AND GET READY!
Thank God I work in Emergency Medicine.
Incredible support network for those who dream of making a dent in the universe. Stop talking #startmaking (via )
Is Jesus merely a “guest” in your life? Let him take up permanent residency in your LIFE!
...and while you're perusing the KL5-FILM website, check out their podcast (featuring a theme song from 2 Cent Bridge)!
Just saw this news thanks to RF Corey Hart has a meniscus (cartilage) tear and will require surgery. Possible DL stint.
RT: : Decisiveness is a characteristic of high-performing people. Almost any decision is better than no decision. -Brian Tracy
The bad part about being the only one one from your school at this festival is that I'm extremely lonely now...
people get suspended at my school for the stupidest things i swear.
Cant wait to leave this shit hole tomorrow
Mother Day we're eating at the Hibachi Grill in West St Paul. Asian might not be your usual mommy day treat but we like it
brainstorming great marketing ideas with the team today
I should get on this account more(; haha(':
you like it though
Lunch with my florida family! I love them!
Thanks to everyone that came in for the Blow Out Party tonight - it was a pleasure having you!
Q2: Almost never
Devastated. you're a kink chick and rocked my world for months! On to the next one I guess..
nice pull!
woohoo! So glad to break the 1k mark for you guys! Thanks so much!
I miss: <U+2752> My friends. <U+2752> Being happy. <U+2752> The person i used to be. <U+2752> The good times. <U+2752> My childhood. <U+2714> on
me too! I've always wondered about their power over children.
Totally! I hide my tattoos cus of work but once someone sees them they think I'm some sort of rebel rocker -_-
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily 2
Im somewhat dressed like a candycane. it's the best I could do w/ the things in my closet. white long sleeve w/ extremely sparkly red shirt.
Been seeing my bestfriend more often lately...
There were 3 fouls on that one corner kick! Come on, United!
please help spresd the word of kony he must be stoped please help the children watch the video kony 2012 please
After seeing Alexis Bledel as Beth in #MadMen, I'm even more convinced she'd be perfect as Ana Steele in
I facetimed my friend for like an hour and a half haha
I swear after watching this 2 day event. I will never bully anyone in life. What a great lesson to learn as I watched her go down.
thx for rock staring twitter tonight! hope all is well :)
book restaurant reservations in advance. have the dole whip dessert at the Polynesian resort.
robert is you, billie is to sofi, and jared is my!!!
Joe Vampire, number 24 in comic fiction. Woopwoop!
What's going on tonight?
So just say Ok?
I think earned another raise today; deserves more $ 4 being publically disrespected that way.
I love your blog, great posts. We should get in touch and talk career services at some point.
There is a real unemployement of about 20%, what do u expect?
just hardcore mom armed me.
Showtune Saturday Night!
RT : I had a great time being on with you guys! Let's call Lasorda and get him to my Area 51 Alien Cathouse!...
yes. I love Trader Joe's
It's love/hate watching #supernatural knowing i can't have the impala
lol. it worked out. the trails are lit, just not as much light as i'd like.
Choosing Your Mortgage Amortization
just saw Jason Kidd & Dirk Nowitsky check into Four Seasons in G'town!
whos the coach?
When you do, I promise to read it… most of the way.
its live!
let us know it's you for a free drink!!
RT : Need your credit cleaned up. I have the effect person for you....what's up with it
I'm Hungry O.o
#patsyclinetix John C. Reilly I fall to pieces
Recording sessions all week....woohooo!!!
Haha band is funny today
what's Zurich like?
"TONIGHT WE'RE SUCKING OUR OWN ****" Justin: "What is happening."
It should read "Please keep us in "MIND"" Otherwise great tweet. Let me know if you need assistance in Washington State.
"I am Love, I am Light: I am a Star Shining Bright." I challenge you: say this 3x outloud without feeling shame, doubt or fear
your welcome! :)
i'll be your princes <3
Trying to think positive . It's hard at the moment .
SO WATS DA MOVE FOR TONIGHT???
RT I gave to Big Bros Big Sis of NW Michigan!
Grandma G killed me!!! the show isnt the same without pier
Ah I saw #BetterInBlack as a trending topic!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I've said this before, but I'll say it again. Guys with glasses are like Bacon on a burger! Just saying...lol
S/0 to my new follow
at 8am the most powerful ppl in the world are starbucks employees
TONIGHT! Acme Comedy Theatre at 8PM. Be there!!! Krystyna's Making a Fool of Herself at the Acme Comedy Theatre!
So many white rappers now...
Listening to on Blog Talk Radio.
Denver: The only team in history willing to sacrifice a virgin in exchange for a championship.
Join me at Doc's Gourmet Cafe & Soup Bar in downtown Philly on November 18 noon to 7 PM.
hey there :)
How many people have checked out Denver Restaurant Week? Does anyone have a new favorite hot spot? If so, please let us know!
Exciting weekend :) Canada tonight and cedar point with Greg for the weekend e
you look so cute! Even though it's a long time ago.c:
hey wats up
Thank you, Cool Springs Starbucks, for letting Me move a very large table across the room so I could plug my laptop in!
I see on the video feed for
you are very funny man. keep it up!!
no definite plans at this point, but would love to go back!
Good Morning Bob!!!! Listening as I drive to NYC. Missed the coffee song.
figures Samsung would. They make most mobile screens, most TV screens (including most of Sony's), etc. etc.
Bucks have a better chance to beat out the Sixers anyway
Thanks for all the plugs, John!
HELL YEA I DID TOMAS! brittany was the shit back in High school sir lmaoo dont even front
Nice! Would love to hear what you think about it and see some footage!
my papers are whit and my dank is green, stuff it, roll it and let's get keyed.
I'm going to throw a roll of toilet paper at if she tries scaring me. Mother fucker.
Thanks to you both for sharing our holiday message!
Thanks! Glad to know someone is out there reading what we have to say.
We have a tool from which to evaluate new ventures, projects, or significant undertakings for strategic "fit."
I appreciate your prayers. I miss him all the time. He was a great person.
Knight Challenge city tracker project making water color styles based on the toner style Great stuff #foss4gna 2012
hopee my cousin has fun at prom.!
RT “: Sometimes new love comes between old friends. Sometimes the best love was the one that was always there.”
I'm the type of person who laughs at my own texts before i send them, because I'm so damn funny
That episode of SNL was akin to poop.
I want pancakes for breakfast.
I love this email Neil. Wish I could share the whole thing! Very cool and simple.
nathan rocking the shirt under the shirt or what?
Voltron & Street Sharks Are On Netflix? This Almost Makes Me That I Didn't Go To The Strip Club Tonight....Almost...
Please follow us back ... thank you :)
as usual you never invite your sisters
Happy New Year everyone! 2010 was great for us, 2011 will be even greater! Be safe tonight!
When is your birthday? We'll send you a free sample ;)
But I got cakes thats where all my weight is
What if I smell like "Swagger"?
haha! Ok. Posh means sort of prissy, stuck up and such correct? Totty does make it sound much more effective.
not to bad- thanks
I want to so sleepy ": Back 2 sleep"
O dear....Sarah unveiled a plaque...not a plague in 1952...bad typo!! thanks to for noticing quickly. Check him out on Br monarchy.
Hilarious. Man can't eat a donut without getting judged nowadays
We're discussing three films that were nominated for best picture but didn't win and we think deserved to. Thanks for sticking with us!
Spoiled isn't cute or attractive (;
LOL- had it been a long day?
thanks! coming from a hottie a like you, that means a lot!
thanks! It's not for 3 weeks (ringing in my 28th year with the first day of NATO in Chicago! Haha). Still time to plan!
U a WHITE MAN & U grew up livin here in DETROIT? & U 32 yrs old & U AINT never FUCKED a BLACK girl? U been tryin all these yrs??...He lyin
Printing up a lot of t-shirts here in San Antonio for the Baylor Nation! Sic'em Bears!! Pumped about tonight's bowl game. RGIII rules!
get some!!! You guys have a great show and be safe!!!
YOU DID AN OUTSTANDING JOB! Everything was on point! You ROCKED the house! You stole the whole show and your outfit = BAD :)
Olive Garden or Zio's sounds good right about now.
Your friend is much better!!
Been taking a bit of a hiatus on reporting and reviewing music. Lif'e's necessities sometimes get in the way. Still listening.
Homework'd out.
Rev, thanks for the shout out. Can not wait to see what our design looks like.
Updated site...connected to Facebook - ready to roll out in Denver soon!
Next Monthly Screening Friday, March 2nd
Go badgers
thank you.
i have.too ask you something.
I am going to chuck e cheese and be a big kid
Jeff is this you homie?
ill go
well dang...this stinks
not much happened so you didn't miss that much
I hear you like Country Music
ordinary people be slidin (y)
Your always on my mind. Theres nothing I can do to make it stop I seriously LOVE you and it's not a lie... <U+E403> I just wish you felt the same<U+E023><U+E058>
Glad will be coming through to check things out also!
Taking my dad to the doctor > school :) I hope he's going to the Chicago doctor! :-l)
This match was so good. FUCK. I miss old WWE.
i'm at #aigapivot too. hope to give you a headnod at least
I tweet your blog posts. They are a great resource. Congratulations!
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
I'm so good! I got the sun shining on my face and a feather under my head. Wbu?
They think just because they drive that police car makes them God or something..
Was amazed at how many videos of lectures were NOT viewed by graduate students
Are there any IT Training Instructors out there willing to take me up on my #CompTIA #CTT+ Certified Technical Trainer challenge?
Cool! RT : Continuous playback is part of the #nextsoundcloud, allowing you to browse while listening
ok.. thanks! Enjoy the day..
Lets kickoff the weekend with a 40 minute tempo run!
“The awkward moment when you're joking with someone and suddenly they get serious.”
happy birthday ! (:
Would you like to submit an article to HONEY? Hit up our home page with the subject "editorial submissions"
i was saying that the privileged men she agrees with dont need to be told. they are already fighting privilege
Such a gorgeous gorgeous day here in Austin! I'm loving it :)
Flavorful Crab Cakes with chile-lime aioli are a hit at Californos - some of the best anywhere! Served with a lemon, lime, great on salad!
time to work the streets...
Flyng out to Minnesota tomorrow for my awesome cousin 's wedding! We'll see how the family reunion part goes...
Why thank you. How goes the review scene lately? I've seen you've been busy. :) alaskanbookcafe.blogspot.com
I'm craving La Casa De Waffle so badly! I've decided we need to take a trip there this week! K thx! :)
: doesn't sleep, he waits. I taught Chuck Norris how to do it.
Hope you're feeling fabulous. I can't wait to get my hands on "HOME" by Toni Morrison.
wishing luck (and lots of wrist massages) finishing signing 150,000 copies of The Fault in Our Stars!
RT : that's the first time someone used D-Wade's health as an excuse since game 2 of the series!
Aye! Lol RT : Guess I'll go to Saga Saturday since my boo is DJ'n
Now updating Facebook from twitter. One step closer to complete world domination!
I want to be the girl you fall for, when everybody else is falling for you.
i gotta talk to you about some stuff !! lol
Good luck to our "Team USA" down at Azteca today!
Bills open 2012 season at the Jets
STOP THE BLEEDING, NUGGETS
Yup yup anytime.
I don't know the question working and some daily tracking polls oversample Republicans & whites etc
stand by your content – the more good content you put out, the more people who will follow your blog
That's alright she said that's alright, take anything you want from me, anything, fly on little wing
o hell yea
Banda el Recodo sucks now they bore the shit outta me with they boring ass love songs
Hey follow me back!
I talk monotone to the people I don't like
is praying for peace and justice for the family of #TreyvonMartin - violation against one, is a violation against all.
you should tweet niall for me. (;
Right? I just tried calling right now... No bueno.
House ed committee still caucusing on HF 517! Have yet to take up one of the 25 amendments. Going to be a late night.
There R BEAST in this GREAT country of OURS that feel they can play with lives of THE PEOPLE. WE NEED to UNITE to stop this!
Create and discover or grow "stale" and stagnate the choice is yours
has already proven MORE durable than 2nd best Bear QB this side of Luckman, Jim McMahon.
but he prefers me (:
That's too bad. You should get in your car & do street corner lectures. Go guerrilla!
Facebook annoying af. I'm sticking to this foreal.
Except your writing skills... RT : I appreciate everything I have.
The fact that finishing college work before 1am is a success is pretty ridiculous but I guess I'd better get used to it
Thanks you to all my new followers
hm, can't figure out something good for #lunch. Whats the best, new lunch spot in #Austin?
What a great thing to study! Best of luck!
I wish I could bring my bed to school today, that would make everything so much better..
Any way to automate Adobe Illustrator CS5 RECOLOR ARTWORK? I have grayscale library built for CMYK art conversion. Laborious to do 1-by-1.
Trying to stay awake after a morning sales meeting.
I'm cooking on Twin Cities Live at 3:40pm today. On the menu: French Dip/Italian Beef sandwich hybrid. I have 5 minutes to get it done.
Tweet us your 2-day Ziptrip ideas and you could win $150 free driving! Winner announced today. Use hashtag #getoutandzip!
Mom to me: "I better get a real card, not an e-card for my birthday next year, who raised you?... Don't answer that."
Some #FF action for authors on my kitchen shelf:
Finally got a much needed facial & stopped by Wahibs for some Mideast dinner take out. Ran into friends having dinner as well & chat it up.
There's a right way & wrong way to do things, one way is going to take u longer.
Glad to hear that!
Can I Please Get A Follow Back <333
The whole MMG goin be at pinnicle this weekend might go there but then again I wanna go to the lil wayne concert
you will feel a change but after a short amount of time you will have no problems. I would run 6 miles a day with a 60 lbs vest.
There are only two kinds of people in the world, The Irish and those who wish they were.
The two other guys on the elevator both had boxes of brownie mix, what a strange coincidence
I still got it for ya
Twitter should have a in relationship and single button.
You must be talking about a third party here. RT great minds.
should i call?
Real eyes Realize Real lies
Haha. Dr. Merrigan calls Compass "good enough for government work" to start! Welcome input, questions, feedback.
I've probably followed relegation even more closely than the United/City war. However, relegation and league title are huge in the same gm.
ANSWER THE PHONE!!!!
this is the last day that can be called a 15 year old singer from texas. so tweet it while you can
I hate this website.
Obnoxiously blasting CMT because I am the only country music fan in this house! Can't wait til June 6th!!!! #CMTAwards :)
Jesus succeeded in every part of life that we failed
Somebody? ANYBODY!?!? “: Anyone? Taco Tuesday?”
Good work, Eloy. Nice guy always. “: How about taking to the prom because she didn't have a date
Grade school kids touring the library. It amuses me that the only noisy thing about them is their teacher hissing "shhhh! shhhh!"
RUN IT UP THE TIME IS YOURS
YES RT IF YOU LOVE THAT #proudof1d is trending worldwide and is infront of CHER! MWHAHAHAH
wow. Really?
I am #dramlaxing tonight with an 18-year-old Bowmore this #whiskywednesday & a caramel sauce made w/12 yr old Macallan
Word! ": #Scorpio can see through fake or false fronts as if they have on x-ray glasses"
- Just got done watching Bigdaddy lols aint seen dat junt in a long ahh time but its still a good movie :)
I'm assuming Austin is vegetarian-friendly... Right? Any downtown suggestions?
I think some don't get wanting to avoid hydrogenated oils, HFCS, artificial colors, choosing organic, etc.
We're looking forward to it! Cheers!
Let's shock the world today!
love you more haylee
Darn it! Damn my procrastination! Now I really can't see the show tonight :/ it's the first I've missed in years!
I ain’t Mumford, I ain’t tryin’ to have sons
Thanks so much you guys ... very kind of you to say, Jeff! :)
Livin life! :] you ever gonna roll out here?
I guess I didn't exactly picture my birthday sitting on my couch alone crying
Hi! TFTF! Loved reading ur insight: "these women, with few exceptions, did not marry Presidents; they married men"
Counting the days until spring is official yet this past winter makes me wonder what we'll be seeing for temps. Summer could be hell like.
hola thanks for follow damn better get #politicsofwomensculture out soon :)
That wld b funny if u were talking abt climate & not weather. RT It's hot enough to fry a climate change denier on the sidewalk.
i am great actually! im just hungry :p what about you?
Rest In Peace Davey Jones, one of the Monkees, you made people happy.
There are winners, there are losers and there are people who have not yet learned how to win. ~ Les Brown
I called you twice, but my phone may hate your phone. Just found your gps in my car. Want me to drop it off tomorrow?
Does loving WolframAlpha make me a nerd? :)
Obama: "We pledge to be more transparent... b/c more information on gov't activities should be open, timely and freely available to our ppl"
dancing to move your body by beyonce
Put ur feet in cold water..... I hope this helps
Just got the edit back from our first calendar shoot. #news to y'all this project will be #EPIC #retweet please
Infirmary, extended spring training. Same thing.
Your release form doesn't say shit about not refunding money. Let me clear this up with your lawyer boss man.
Those #Imagine's Are really good!!!!!!!
thank you! Mine kicked off with a cocktail...can't complain. Hope u are having a fantastic Saturday!
Life is great
Thanks Tom, glad to have you back anytime :)
!!! RT : If you have to use that tweetlonger shit, you weren't meant to be RTing anything.
So tired just recorded 3 songs! leggo
Yes, my last couple of tweets and yours are in agreement. That may be the key to his political calculation.
"Dear Luis, I want to get to know you. I want u to know I have a GIGANTIC crush on u. I dont like broccolli" "I dont like broccolli either."
Las Vegas or bust! I'm on my way
Conrgats, Austin! Saw that quote last night- inspired me as well.
you will get everything together love :) dont worry !
what are you wearing today?
looking forward to catching up with you guys when you get here permanently!
Fear the beard.
seems to be down, anyone else having this issue?
Male swimmers have the best bodies, m m eye candy!
Happy Anniversary, Laura! Thank you for all you do.
nick via me via twitter: dropped the lighter under my bed =( #stonerproblems #someonepleasecomepickitupforme?
Zayn , please please please Answer my questions , Would you come to Turkey?
I need that 3k
Honey badger invented elearning. ( told me to do it)
Glad dis pic is still in the 92q recent pics!! I miss dem ravens!!
Alright, back to homework.
I LOVE SWEET TEA <3
Don't follow your heart, Lead your heart.
Do you have your "I dream of Jeanie" outfit on?
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away
Sounds like no one's definition of a good time. Good luck
Started sleeping with the lights on. Oddly enough, I week up feeling alert and ready to fight. Gonna keep doing it.
Agree on being blind on anything, but that is as far as I would go. Can you name one succesfull country clearly on the left?
i donated my movie night $ to help get to total bummer fest in their busted car
Yeah, I love my mother-in-law, but she has these ... quirks!
That comment was crushed like a 350-yard drive.
- I appreciate the Retweet <<<<<
re: presentation slides. fantastic! Thanks.
Making rush hour traffic worse will not win #occupysd support.
At the end of the day maybe you did more to help Zapf win than anyone else...
"Centralization and standardization are the wrong outcomes." - Jason Simon on building brand identity at universities
flight is being purchased as we speak
Fair enough. I like your attitude!
Congrats to (Peter Gadiot) for completing his cross-Atlantic trip, rowing to bring attention to modern slavery!
thanks for the RT, Max!!
Oh baby bababyc
Watching a few eps of the 2002 #HeMan & the #MastersoftheUniverse series. Great complement to the orig 80s series w interesting backstories.
stupid! Don't undermine the Judiciary
Middle fingers to my haters mugger fucka I'm gone
59. If either party needs to cancel or reschedule a date, do so as early as possible.
We gone test drive em when i touchdown what the inside looking like?
"No great thing is created suddenly." -- Epictetus, philosopher
Depend on situation and character, just don't run around.
i'M NOt crAyz doE I'M JAy-z
Why does "The White House" have a twitter account!?
The doc said i shouldnt lift more than 10 lbs, yet i have to lug my 165 lb bass cab down 5 flights of stairs. fml
no worries ;) I'm headed back to SF. Hope to keep in touch tho and pls let me know what u think of my music for ur show!
I've been in a good mood all day.... Power of optimism and smiling baby!
life is god
Seth Kahan from is talking about the future of printing HME on 3D printers at 10% of the cost at
Nigga just hacked my shit..Tony that's yo ahh kid kid
. correctly observed that I am the master of Strategic Helping. I help others because it helps me.
Thanks! how was your race yesterday!
#LetsBeHonest is better than
i'm feelin green today...
Random thought: #Twitter is not a social #network. It is an Army. A #Swarm of conciousness.
RT #NPINchat kicks off 4/7 (2pm ET) for. This week’s topic: “Planning Ahead for National Observance Days”
After realizing it wasn't feasible to wear The Most Perfect Earrings to the wedding, I plier'd one into The Most Perfect Necklace.
The rest in commentary.
Brad and Angelina engaged?
Oh yeah, Big Boi also put on a free show.
and I'm staying here too ;3
take me with you to sxsw, please
HE DID EACH THING AS IF HE HAD DONE NOTHING ELSE... Smiles..DNICOLE
Will be inventorying things on walls this week.
lmao Naw you gotta make desert!
I agree,Jr.was always such a class person,truly an ex.of what an nfl superstar always should be.this sucks
You know what it is. You know what it ain't.
We're promoting the honda crz hybrid by collecting/recycling cans to fund road trips in the south. We'd love your support!
wats going on with white steel the guy who fought bowling watz he under investigation for?
what the Schlitz is that about?
GI Joe was fricken Legit! Better late than never!
We're launching forums in May + r looking 4 beta testers. Win an iPad or Xbox (raffle) 4 helping email 4 more
Chris Bosh's strained ab muscle is yet another example of why I don't work out. You can't hurt what you don't have.
Thank you for sharing!
It's Restaurant Week in Brooklyn... heading to Atlantic Ave to enjoy the last couples of nights of great food, low prices and wine wine wine
A3: Relating a cause to a great personal story had been a great way to make a story sharable.
peeps: who did/does the wonderful and famous series of annual photographs for ~five sisters? Spacing and on deadline
Heading over to for today's Nine for $9. A loaded grilled cheese sandwich plus a full bar? Now this is what we're talkin' about!
NWST: #Mariners Reax with and #Blazers for sale? responds to rumors + Snag w/ #Kings new Arena
thanks, ! Miss you already!
who wants to eat TWO subs at 9 am :(
loll, you just tweeted a number from your account :P
thanks! feel free to stop by anytime.
no worries. I found my soul. It got lost around the Canadian border. Forgot its passport.
Is there a way to cheer you on that won't cause diss-topic flashbacks?
Finished the second season of BBC Sherlock and I cannot wait for the third season! Another year or so... Till then, I am held in suspense.
that awkward stage when you have a mortgage, but need to write on your hand to remember to pay it.
SOX: #RedSox not messing with success, sending out same line-up against #Royals LHP Danny Duffy. Daniel Bard for Boston. 8:10 start.
“Courage doesn’t always roar.Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says, I’ll try again tomorrow”- M.A. Radmacher
thanks so much!
no more school. boom.
did you ever buy those zombie books at borders?
Thank you, friend!!
debuting with 'Hold the relish'
is the only reason why I'm watching the Grammy's tonight.
he's a hoeeeee !
Mary Jane is always by me
Hey marketing students. is looking for a digital marketing intern. Details soon…
no it wont! I bet you he'll have more :)
Congratulations to Kathy Rhoades! You are our newsletter subscriber winner for August. Sign up to our weekly newsletter & enter the contest
what kind of bike did you buy?
We'll never be as young as we are right now <3
Because u have a textbook chemical imbalance. U are 1 of us & it's not a bad thing. Reactions are just that. We mean well.
Good night twitter :)
Braved the nasty weather to indulge in great convo and people at
3 shows in one day...2 back to back...throat is def in need of a slurpee...#wherethe711'sat?
Thanks Brandon! We think you're awesome too :)
Oh hello
You're a total pro!
So soggy.
Wow! tore it up on #DWTS One of the best guest performances to be on #love tht song too!
Armondo, We create custom twitter backgrounds for Pro Athletes. WOuld love to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM us if U want 1.
I couldnt find u neither. My photo is me in a large screen with a lot of people in the audience looking up at me.
Rail food okay...
All you got is one life so make the best of everyday and do what the fuck you want, fuck what anyone else thinks.
def, I like our crowd too. To clarify, in our discourse & advocacy, refine #opengovdata & #fairelections & #righttovote laws &
very real in mine too!
Am so happy. I am celebrating with sn ncis marathon. Yea yea. I am alive. Thank ya Jesus
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
Follow Monday:
i will be happy to share!!:)
Almost done with my english paper wooot! Success!
I completely understand. Can you please email me your # so I can personally give Bev the message?
“: Is it brown?” and a bit redish
I am going to say some serious deep prayers for you tonight... Unfortunately I don't believe your boys can do it without you!
so true
why because my mom cares?
which song?
lol i just get on my mom computer when she's gone and i MIGHT buy a new laptop soon
not out here
RT Geminis are so sharp and quick, wanting to learn all they can, it can be a weakness.
Is trying to get to focus.
Could this having anything to do with the Boston Redsox amazing start to the season?
I had already forgotten your love, but a simple "hello" reminded me of what I feel for you!
#MondayNightRaw is in Pittsburgh n I couldn't go :'(
and yes, I will add to me calendar for next time!
What more perfect than being on CNN? Him being on CNN right before the #Superbowl!
So much change is on the brink of happening...I'm a little unsure about how I feel about it
Never, never, never quit. Winston Churchill
Call it a protest against austerity, Josh, and give it a go. Just have insulin shots standing by.
Hey all! This is the new official Ecocity Builders account. Please follow us here for daily updates on the green world
Thank you, David!
woo hooo!!! :) Yours are still spaced further than mine. 14 months apart gets tricky. :)
im bouta try n slide thru...
nice card. Thanks! Klavika?
oh boy am I feeling that! :-(
Swisher ties the game at 2-2 as he doubles to bring around Alex Rodriguez and Robinson Cano.
Crash with injuries in the intersection of Hamilton Drive and East Hampden Avenue. Rescuers en route.
hey love(: wassup??(:
||...+ SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS FREE PARKING...LADIES FREE B4 11 ....SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
"I thought hurricane season was over!"
it wouldnt hurt you to follow back
Tonight's patient: The human equivalent of a red rubber ball.
Mercy, William.
Ovechkin is a piece of shit....I hope he ruptures an ACL
“: #PINA is still playing at I may see it again this week. (this would be my 4th time)”
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':6
RT : This is just a little far...ugh! Running for class president or USA President? #justsayin <-how so?
you can't deny liking it even if you tried! hahaha
- page not found
That's my target demographic! #MakeMoneyMoneyMoney RT : Sucka ass niggaz wearing shades to a damn basketball game....
check out our new events page here on twitter....
if I could be invisible for a day, the first thing I'd do is go streaking through the quad and into the gymnasium !
#thoughtyouwerecuteuntil I saw you light up that cigarette.
i wonder why is always on twitter during spanish........ I wonder ~Jaiya Perez
i have kip's song to lafawndah stuck in my head.
Who hasnt ever BEEN to a Concert? YOU #NEVER WILL. THIS IS A LOST IN #RAP HISTORY. RiP
When I stole her gatorade i drank most of it then filled it back up with water and slipped it back in her bag. I don't feel bad haha
I guess girls with big thick-rimmed glasses are cool now. I did that
Most of us are tired of being treated like jokes by worthless people wiling to believe men can't be raped.
"Code like it’s 1999 (literally) and use inline CSS." Ugh. Really? Do I have to?
That Easter Candy Aisle is magical for adults...so many great memories of childhood. Sometimes you just need to stop & enjoy
split double team dunk
We HAVE to send Veras down the road. He is fucking terrible.
my neighbor seems to have an unnatural obsession w/using his chainsaw every single day grrr
Thanks for the recommendation!
Nipples are the thermometer of life.
I want go home but the music won't let me. LOL. Bad music!!
haha she was like he's 19 and I was like no he's 18!!! Then I said he's birth facts and she shut up lol
Range Rover Evoque special edition with Victoria Beckham makes global debut in Beijing
thanks for the visual. It can't be unseen.
RT Scrolling through the pix I took today from my phone and find multiple freaky pix of & #nightmstonig ...
Life is not permanent, but eternity is.
you have a free place to stay in LA if you want to come back within the next few months :D. Probably should..
Aw! thank you!! #justasothankfulgirl RT I just bought all your new songs on #itunes. your too talented!
We've been featuring a couple of your notebooks in Explore and to new #springpad sign-ups. Loving your notebooks! :)
I hope so! Should be moving my brother out of SM next month...maybe then? :)
He argued that the basic anxiety of [humanity] is anxiety about being-in-the-world, as well as anxiety of being-in-the-world
u should totally follow shes a sweet person and a HUGE fan!
Well the talk on the street says you might go solo!
I have breaking news for u, sweetheart!
I set those as video responses but don't see them yet, does it usually take a while?
merry Christmas to you too!
definitely praying that God will use you tonight in whatever way He chooses, God Bless!
As an FYI, all charges were later dropped by police
The Brown Sugar ones come in reduced fat, have one of those instead! #TweetDontEat that pop tart!!! :)
Recuperating from six days in North Carolina with my son and his family. Flight home began at 3:30 AM MST. Yikes!
Going to stay up all night and watch scary movies :)
you know you love every minute
I'll be Live Behind the Scenes of the #1 rated Radio station, JACK 100.7 FM with Dave, Shelly and Chainsaw tomorrow a.m. on
Ok regroup! We're headed to The Gallery!
Actually, since we are officially "Brothers" and family... No need to thank them. I sense genuine character of whom they raised.
wild pitch moves Posey to third and then Weeks can't handle a hot grounder with the IF pulled in, TIE. GAME. 4-4
. CEO Todd Marks delivers honest, humble & humorous remarks after being recognized as 2012 CRTV
I think its lemonade ?. Im not sure ..
the jesus of suburbia!!
Yay! Cocktails! RT : Agree with helping writing reach greater heights #shehechat ... Did someone say cocktails?
who's arm is that?!
Mass Effect 3 LE version unboxing being filmed now. Posting soon (check IGN's front).
it's everything about you ,you ,you everything that you do ,do do. <U+2665> <U+2665> OMG! ,follow me? <U+2665>
What program do you use for editing if I may ask?
some bitches need to just stop talking for a second,learn to listen and think before they speak
"You’ll never find fulfillment if you hide from your dreams."
Today is Dermot Day so I get to have mellow music..later today...:) Love Jamaica..and Reggae....:) And Rasta..:)
i miss youuuurr face! :( are you home or in the BMore?
congrats, you #TED rockstar, you! cc/
On tap now #Rogue chocolate, #Blvd chocolate and on cask: snowmageddon with cocoa nibs!
i'll match ya
my thoughts Hun. My thoughts
That movie is so stupid!
"I KNO' I'M UNDER SURVEILANCE, YALL KNO THIS IS THUG LIFE BA-BEH'!!!! BUT I'M KNOWING!!!!"-2PAC ALL EYES ON ME
Thanks for the K.
When u feel Whatchya feel sometimes ...... But at ur best u r love (Aaliyah voice ) luv dis track
I'm working in it!
Everyone should go follow my favorite rapper ever. he "Go hard in the paint" hahahaha But fo real. He go ham.
Good morning! Coffee is tasting quite delicious right now...can't wait to get back to the track tomorrow!
Any Focus readers going to connections?
OH OK. YOU WORKING TODAY?.
you're welcome :D thanks for the follow too!
Hate to admit but watching #DWTS and Donald Driver who just nailed it again.
Have a good weekend!
I was just referred as "gal" today by another lawyer.The bar says that is unacceptable. So is publishing false info. Get a life.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY it's the 6th anniversary of your 21st right? :P
Power outage in Southeast Seattle.
I thought so too. Where have you been hiding, beautiful?
Hit Estee Lauder counters thursday from 5 - 9 pm for free 7 day sample of advanced night repair synchronized recovery complex.
Pig face was amazing, thanks for the recommendation and.....I got tickets yesterday to NEXT Childhood!!!
Every person has the rights to be the person they want to be. . .
Adding another item to the really interesting to yourself but not interesting 2 anybody else list: my iPad
So much to do!!! I'm still not ready for this Christmas thing....
a little late but I hope you had a great Easter!!
Ah, yes. Good old modest reforms.
Wow I'm actually.. Reading.. A book.
where do u live anyway?
Blessed is he who expects nothing for he shall never be disappointed.
Protestor waiting on Arson Charges for starting traditional bonfire at dawn
Today seems like an excellent day to go to the casino.
long time, no tweet...ha ha...hope all is well...peace
I get underwhelmed the more times I stop at Burger King.
Great weekend, its been so relaxing.
Make two nights a week technology-free.
Hi David, we just checked your order and it has been applied. Give us a call if you have questions 888-937-6677
Take the ipa challenge at double wide grill.
is Baby fat, baby fat and juicey, Aww I would do good if it was the
Yikes. Glad you're on the mend.
Prepare yourselves weary souls, the Federation is here to save you 8.1.11
yup an iPhone 4G
Watch the news tonight for coverage over our Safe Place balloon release! Thanks , and for coming out!
Happy birthday, America!! So proud.
We loved it. BF (Frank, ) saw it already, this was my first viewing.
Thanks to Everyone, were glad we can share this exciting opportunity, keep an eye on the www.coupondeal.com, nothing else make us happier!
what happened to your iphone! =[
"The most I can do for my Friend is... simply to Be his Friend" --Henry David Thoreau
One of your best traits, the Randomness.. To go from "Hilarious Video" to "Bullshit Soap" in under 60 seconds. #LOVEIT :D
I think they were adopted bros. My gf says just BFFs. A round of drinks is on the line if one of us can confirm either way.
For Mother's Day, my sis made me buy Mom Downton Abbey. The way y'all go on and on, I'm askeered to watch. It may eat into my TwitterTime.
My plate, your fucking out!!!!!
Ian omg you sexy mutha fucker.
"I can make it through the rain." AKA a really busy, productive day. Hello 2002 Mariah Carey.
There's the art house movies and the action movies and the chick films. I think the same thing's happening with actors - Edward Furlong
Nice drop Forte! Get it together BEARS!
BALLGAME! TRIBE WINS
Heck yea RT >> i know rite its gonna be dope!!!
Keep you word.
Such a busy day.. Tired..
I just got on the bus from big e! Im frigging soaked xD lol had a great time :-P
Gonna jack off to it?
I don't!!! I've only used it at gas stations and Chipotle. haha
lions and tigers and (fuck) bears! oh my!
Vegetables are a must on a diet. I suggest carrot cake, zucchini bread, and pumpkin pie.
That's nice of you! Do you ever visit Philly? i know you do NY? Just curious....
Face Off With Max Kellerman: Mayweather/Cotto Premieres Tuesday, April 3 on HBO
thanks so much! Not anytime soon but hopefully one day :)
My cuz needs help. Can't work like he use to.
Speaking as a librarian, that is an *awesome* combination.
idk. But I like fabulous, so I'm gonna keep sayin it.
Anyone else up?
Happy Anniversary ! You Guys Rock!
oh, the length one will go to for dp dough..
the BBQ shrimp Fettucini is amazing! And red beans and rice remind me of home #NewOrleans. Glad U brought this flavor 2 #DC!
Put your guns away, kids. Let's hang soon and thank you! for the bday wishes.
Thanks for the follow! Great to meet you.
is joining deca again? And yhu have to start wearing it more often, so i'll notice yhu.
trying to figure out how my followers stay at 165 when i keep gettign followers
you ain't lying...Rock the RED SOX GEAR to show love same with the NE Patriots...
cant wait to hear the new title :)
i would love to visit london some day
what I'm scared
ohh god Ryan looks like a god!! And I really love Eric too!! I also like Jamareo! He just a cute piece of ass!! Hahha
you're insane. Humidity is the Antichrist
HERE WE GO3rd OT!
Thanks! It's a tough job, but someone has to do it.
I'm having a full blown panic attack at 3AM. Body, just let me sleep.
Thank you bro!
Saw Gone and now im freaked out..
RT : You have the power within you to create the world as you wish, with the power of love you can create anything.
Thank you Pittsburgh, Less than a year, over 100 satisfied clients.
The Republicans have NO SHAME.
I hope we find the pot of gold that #AGCZ is mining at the end of next week since rumor is that 2m promo start next week
follow me back :))
I want to use Tivity to learn how to surf in Hawaii! See you there!
It might one day! I've taken a long break from MTA, using the Circulator instead. I know I will have to use MTA soon tho
:) why thank you!!
im glad.. its a reminder to me to start searching for a new free twitter design. oof! ha!
DOT COM!!!
Keep ya head up *2 Pac voice*
Since I'm out of town tomorrow, taco Tuesday has been moved to taco Monday until further notice.
Professionally Unprofessional
Congratulations on taking a stand once you know it's poltically safe, Obama.
Ok, it's booked! Doing anything cool today?!
35 min. Late to class. Wouldn't it just be rude to walk in now?
It's $15 per session for the 10-week class and $130.00 if you pay up front. Each class is 85 minutes long with a maximum of 30 students (15…
#WhatHurtsMeTheMost is that i feel so alone even when theres a million people around me.
Fun times ahead!! RT : On my way to see for brainy fun!
I sell and install an antenna that brings in over 30 local broadcast channels off of the Sandias, absolutely free. John - 350-6428
Diamondisc Audio - Magic Miracle Polish for your songs. Professional Mastering for any budget. Make your tracks sparkle!
zee hunger games???:)
RT : I never found anyone who didn't like Thuy Doan. She died of cancer today at the age of 25.
why have ex and non-ex tags? non-ex doesn't seem player friendly at all
I'll be in the building. I'll make sure it's done correctly and with care.
royals in 11. great game. anyone dvr it? heard the guys i was with and i made it on tv a few times.
Are you a content consumer or creator?
The Goonies was rated #2 best movie for Tweens :D
The Black Women Expo is looking for experienced Bartenders for an event on the 29th of March! email with your resume!
How about debt dischargeable in bankruptcy vs. albatross debt?
I always contemplate whether I made the right decision on majoring in Criminal Justice when my passion is for Music..
I haven't asked: How was the event? #miFordLatism Wish I coulda been there to represent
I truly feel for the people of Jamaica n the hardship they endure daily n the way of violence, however I don't plan on being +
After reading Hunger Games, I'd forgotten Rue and Thresh were "dark-skinned". I just assumed they'd cast the two best actors for the movie.
This concert is like a damn obstacle course with these kids and their hula hoops.
Albon: FrontlineSMS Radio lets questions come in via SMS and answers are broadcast out, govt officials participate
He only cashes LARGE AMOUNTS! $$$
A pre-brow wax mimosa. Among many things I love about
#doyouthinkitsweird we scream at the tv screen "look out! Behind you! Awh, bitch run!!!!! Don't look back!" ???
thx for following me! Have a blessed day
A pretty girl can kiss a guy, a bird can kiss a butterfly, the rising sun can kiss the grass, but u my friend, yes you, you can kiss my ass.
Having lunch
Hi to your Mom. Have fun in NYC. :-)
if you can't handle my worst you aint gettin my best
You can spend your whole life holding on or you can show that idiot who broke your heart what he is missing.
They be having that guap, tho. And I need that.
then who did lol
-------><-----somebody is getting more gorgeous as the years pass...
Thanks to anybody who came out to UNF tonight and partied with us!
Unfortunately, hyperthyroidism is very common in cats. Rx treatment is often needed perpetually. We can make it EASY to administer! Call!
Merry Christmas to you too. Here's to getting together in the New Year!
Undergraduates have graduated. Now we wait for the graduate students to do the same.
More sex negativity in the news. I say turn it around. It's an inspirational sex positive even when disabled story
Lol right! I think they did it on purpose but we shall see what they have in store. Maybe they'll listen on Finchel...
hey dilemma...checked out the project...let's talk...inbox me when you get a sec.
There's no doubt I'm one blessed girl
Watch #Barack #Obama on RIGHT NOW!
re: big hair. Could be your new tag line!
Big thanks to for an intensely informative #PdPlus call on the state of online privacy! Really enjoyed it.
Lamborghini mercy, Yo chick she so thirsty
Woohoo!! Thanks everybody! We reached 15K "Likes" today!
I haven't talked to you in a few days, but I'm actually doing okay.
Im a clam. Hard on the outside but soft on the inside, real soft. ^_^
If you want to add to your BBM come to tonight
Here we go dress rehearsal!
Tweet off !RT : answer when I call b
“: I know we 'bout to sin; but your body is a blessing.”<<Ayee
Well, that doesn't mean he's straight.
I swear #oomf confuses me so fucking much -_____-
Evaluating impact on the market is very important: are you causing harm for an owner?
it just said 298 for me !
#ShoutOutToGuysThat Will ask out girls with game <3, not a text...
And once again i hav managed to stay up all nite. Not to mention being ditched by so now im texting... DylanMyBro!:P
You are in control of your thoughts. Your thoughts can change your life!
A Belated THANLS for the mention-You ROCK!!!
Reworking some slides from this week's Chem 6C presentation into images for course LibGuide. Slow going, but
because when a dumb bitch says it, it must be true! An since we hang out with so many people from our school too.. damn
question: what are ways that authors have said word processing has changed their writing? answer: revisions
The GAB voted unanimously today that petitions filed against four GOP state senators were sufficient to trigger recall elections.
#WELCOMEBACKJUSTIN ! WE MISSED YA AND WE'RE SO PROUD OF YA!
Proud of you... Have fun! :)
What is your favorite family spring-time activity?
This nigga still got the mind set that I'm in highschool wtf why did I come home for the summer -_-
your very welcome! :) I'm SOO excited!! Love you! :) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Cool peeps -->
For the record, this was because I was getting TOO much profit and couldn't take the heat
hes all" its just guys dressing as immature men" they think they ALL copy jersey shore i was like thats not a jersey look
too pricey!
What can we dobro help???
RT : Aging, body image, other women's issues subject of art exhibition. Great segment on Women of a Certain Age...
How does foursquare work?
Note to self. don't try and answer your cell phone while on hold on your land line. You know your just going to end up pissing off 2 people.
Had some of the Smokey Mtn. Pretty good. A little less kick I think. : have you tried any of the legal moonshine
Ooh! Jealous! I haven't gone to Hot Doug's yet, but I am a huge Franks n Dawgs fan. Gourmet hot dogs are so good.
it did thanks! finally got in and got two bethels :)
Kenzing*r is the worst beer ever
we still have time (:
Good morning to you!! Busy must be contagious.
Hey, do you still eat 100 plums a week?
Finished with theory part of #databasemanagement class. Very interesting, but challenging.
My heart goes out to the Smith family and to all West Virginians at the loss of former Governor Smith.
"THOSE TWO RIGHT THERE, TAKIN A POOP !"
Hey Kathie. Can you help promote like you do ? #TheLighthouseJukebox is my radio show.
Tatiana Congratulations! You have a FREE pisco Join us tomorrow night for a 2x1 happy hour + your FREE...
Dreamt of the house I grew up in and the dog I gave to my mother last year. WTF, subconscious?
Now I want cake
ugh. me too! this bitch keeps redueling me && kicking my ass! && i wish i was in Hufflepuff. But Gyrffindor is good too. :D
#SongOfTheWeek --Fix A Heart by Love, Love, Love.
well....call me? :D haha jk <3 I'm starting to sign up for med school soon.
thanks baby :))))<333
Space Ghost, Captain Cave Man, Jaber Jaws, Gem, and the Snorks, LOL!!!...the new ones r 2 subliminal & inappropriate 4 kids
meant in jest as you used that tag to describe yourself once upon a time. I still think you're funny.
ex boyfriends these days... smhh. just shut up and leave me alone.
RT : The New York Mets / Madoff clawback jury trial for up to $300M set to start today in NY District Court.
A breeze in the Trees - Bennington Banner
Have a good one Pumi man!
yes & I'd still like to beat the balls off a certain ass bag. Time will come, soon. A verbal ripping w/o him realizing it.
Heck of a game. Eli Congrats!
So incredibly horny
Looking forward to Wine In The Woods - 2011 on Saturday.
HELL NIGHT (1981) is on Netflix streaming! Woo!
I Started This Song Wanna Get On The Track With Me?
Happy Friday! Swing by an use your card case when you pay! It is awesome!
Anyone know of any webcams down on 6th St at #sxsw ?
We ask operators to notify dispatch if they are running 5 mins behind or more. This was not the case in this instance.
Going out to lunch with the girlfriend. this should be interesting...
true story
Any live beat battles popping in the Michigan area let me know me and my people stay wit heat....
Need. To. Sleep..
Hide&seek. At IKEA. #good day.
I just put all of #DowntonAbbey on my holds queue ...the day before my last semester starts
Oh no. Bullshit cries - worried Collin getting a card. He didn't but they got a PK and scored, we are in Trouble in Kansas City!!
I think having an MLS automatically gives you the authority to "delegate"
thank you & you will be my story forever about buying in & positive change. Love you kid. Great things in your future!!
Good morning! Busy day, hoping to get the chance to make something wonderful tonight.
I'd take sleep
okay cool. Any idea what position ? And should I wear cleats?
Check out I wanna go By myself Aaron Davis on Facebook Check out Black cash and militant clic Thats where im at.
I got two jobs and a interview tomorrow .. wish me luckk
Independent Women >>>
Telling your friend your fighting with off and all they can say is "Ok", cause they know your right.
like i said we'll see
my heart just sank.. i think i'm gunna throw up.
view a great web designer and land and business renovator !!
One time I was late for P.E. (about 15 min. late) so our class was already done stretching and when we showed up my teacher was about to ...
For some reason, I'm craving shawarma. Anyone know why? (And anyone in the south SF bay have a good recommendation for getting some?)
$AAPL: And yet it's tough to find many who'll say that they're overvalued. Which is it: AAPL overval'd or MSFT/INTC/GOOG under?
Hey #5D owners! Based on the new specs, how many of you are ready to sell off, trade in, or just chuck your Mark IIs for the Mark I?
Love watching
Tell me what is easier ... crossing a river by walking over a bridge or having to swim across the turbulent waters? That is privilege!
I guess that's what pisses me off the most about her getting off school earlier than me. She could at least be thankful, I still have to ...
Been using GMail. They've done a redesign that's been optional for awhile. They've been threatening forced switchover to new.
wait just kidding, my site wasn't hacked
Success is not the destination; it's a way to travel. ~Denis Waitley
Mobile Security and Application Ecosystems in Flux...
oh good! Osteo sounds scary to me... But I'm sure it'll get better. :)
I know right. I so often have great stuff in my head and then it never gets said. Glad to know I'm not alone:)
k . so give me some tips on what I should do with my pic...besides putting it...Oops never mind. *wink*
Will do - you too! Can't wait for the recording! RT : it was great to have you on the show. Keep inspiring!!
haha no I didn't see it but I'll go with you
I wanna say it but that's so rude like I don't know him lmfao
Mesmerized watching #SidneyPoitier describe growing up in the #Bahamas & his 1st encounter with racism on 's
Bummed that I'm trapped in class and will miss #UWSocial today! Sounds like an awesome presentation.
I have some really awesome friends <3
Text me I need to axe you a question. : we do! after school :) RT : I miss Need to have our Monday
I actually prefer the veggie rolls. But very good.
Better do a shoot on a glacier! I'd love to see girls walk on ice and freeze during a shoot! Tough challenge! Been there, AMAZING
Just had the best salad ever! Can't wait to duplicate the recipe at home for the hubby!!
Clearing drains all over San Diego and saving our clients money evert day. Call us any time 858-583-1798 www.gotdrains.co
Live life to the fullest. If you can't get in trouble for it, it probably isn't worth doing.;D
We are excited as well! See you Wednesday!
I'm scared to answer that ha
Happy Friday!
Thanks for sharing!
RT Ready for CC against Beckett at Fenway tonight let's go Yankees. (Should be fun.)
REGRETTING NOT ASKING FOR A SMOOCH WHEN I MET HER WAH :( :( :(
great song. I like a lot of what I've heard from
Thanks for the follow, we love Da Silvano & your awesome Tuscan dishes!
thanks Jessica!
Just received book 'Rise' - on career, leadership & life - in the mail and can’t wait to read it!
AIM works on my laptop while I'm at school.Do you know how great that is..?
thank you!
Im stealing that!
Jus got payed I feel singing that sing I'm riding around and getin it ! Lol
lineup announced yet?
two more semesters to go
oh yeah? Which part?
haha happens to me on that game all the time! It seems like the answer is on the tip of your tongue
We got to 100! #Thankyou! You like us...you really like us!
I found the child version of Now to get a good creeper picture of him...
Happy Holidays to everyone be safe and enjoy your loved ones C
Real estate attorneys Thomas Kaufman, John Ratino and Christian Hudson joined Goulston & Storrs in Washington, D.C. from Hunton & Williams.
Yep, I enjoy UltraSwim.
I'm done!
hm, same agent that perhaps gave Smith an idea of where Peyton is leaning?
so are we finally going to get a federal investigation?
You can look at some bitches in Pensacola and tell they don't give a fuck about life..
Give up chocolate. The candy... not... :b : I don't think it's necessary for me to give something up. Instead I will share ...
Up next: , social media strategist and author, speaking about LinkedIn: Making the Connection.
unfortunately who could forget, but in general he saw the other end of union support, & picked up a lot of business backing...
no I wrote the ms, found an agent who shopped it around, and it was bought by Gallery/Simon&Schuster
yes, Tesla is my favorite :)
Its fun being a gaylebrity amongst the straight crowd.
Q1) Do you have a dream since you were a child but never pursued it? How do you resurrect it?
lmfao i know
Ppl on my TL funny as hell lol. Too pissed about this game
RT : Launch night. Exciting! Cranking it! *great job everyone!*
Fleury was like the Bride in Kill Bill looking at the blade at her enemies surrounding her, before slaughtering them.
Haha exploded is exactly what happened. I freaked when I saw it! Didn't know I could be so upset w/ a crazy hacker!
okay, so maybe hasn't won The Glee Project yet. But mark my words...
well. judging from today's trending hashtags, i'm not the only one who didn't sleep last night...
I don't know. We'll have to find out I guess. I hope I don't have to watch Tim Teabag
I hope this helps more people understand why I will never write a piece of code for that company.
The last time we were closed it closed on us last minute ! So eh' please do! ;)
America, lets give more support to Newt Gingrich!!! He is a great American and the Democrats are scared of him. Lets get them Newt!!!!!
Can't wait for workout mania with tonight!!!
So sorry honey. We all appreciate your efforts! ESP your discussion with the weather gods.
“:You'll bring your cup as red is eliminated from the Cup. See what I did there?” hate what you did there, but appreciate it too.
hey bro check your dms when u can
Just finished Annie rehersals...can't believe the show is Nov 11th and 12th. Can't wait
Heh, and I'm the person in number 2. Seriously trying to be able to lay back when someone else wants to leisurely ride.
Just now getting to watch #projectaccessory I love it! Love watching such talented individuals create their own masterpiece!
aw.....my friend no longer wants to come over. LAWL x)
I wonder why they don't make wind turbines more attractive to the eye. I find them very ugly, although useful..
twitter or facebook? #askcallum big love x
Clueless is hard: I think it's more that the priorities have been elsewhere
A MargarDaiquriScrewalotOnTheBeach sounds delicious!
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once.
! shame it clashed with
great, we hope you visit interiors from spain booth! and also our magazine online: www.fromspainmagazine.com
Wordpress :) RT Which blog sites do most people use and where do find templates?
Thanks for visiting - what did you have?
Well put.
yo follow me dog i seen ur videos on youtube ur funny and ur gunna be a good rapper someday
Statement game for the Heat, not for the #gospursgo- Spurs still own the best NBA record and just need to get ready for Fri game vs. Mavs.
Looking for a run tracker app. Any suggestions?
Good times last night at the tasting with Windy City guys.
Wickedly rich chocolate fudge cake would be my choice for you.
well i had two dorito tacos. so yummy but they need more meat
“: Getting cool points with cause I know #swag” you edjumacated me in English..
Allowing yourself to be satisfied with less than you deserve makes no sense..so why do it?
So far Mindy Kaling's book is very funny! Enjoy!
too funny! Great minds think alike ;).
Demo begins today in on Cloverleaf Mall, a multi-million dollar revitalization effort
me too! this is going to be a good one!
NAB breaks Mexican stand-off
I just wanna fuck with people right now
You need to understand
Awesome, thanks!
working on it. once the list is put together we'll put it on the website! (either way you'll be getting a lot of shots)
Go stand on the scale. did it say error? no, cuz ur skinny.
3 hours of driving left bf I get to Syracuse. Gotta get there bf dark bc my headlights are busted as of yesterday.
the drs don't know what's wrong with her. they don't think that she's gonna make it and she has cancer.. :/
Got a list of things to do a mile long. So what am I doing? Designing a new line of prints.
Felt good to go through a new experience of a set/design person last minute ;)
Nap got my sleep schedule fxcked up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Hi JL Bst wshs FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Hard to believe this is my second last day at the pancake house. Damn.
The biggest threat to America is Republican policies.
the table is still available!
Wow, I got a lot of traffic over night. I feel special! Now just go read the blog and I'll feel real special.
ya u.U de Galicia & tu?
it's amusing . . . no, sad, to see House GOP fighting against tax relief for regular Americans.
I'm thinking creeper means something else on your side of the pond.
Please follow :) les dará follow back :B , she is DIRECTIONER :) siganla :D eso..
BREAKING NEWS: Anoka Hennepin School board approves "Respectful Learning Environment" policy. Passed 5 to 1 vote. Neutrality Policy gone.
Most of the "moms" I meet in this industry are super cool. They're also very helpful, the team includes them.
the guy with the bar mustache is hott!
we should have a tye dye parties like bffs do.
awhhh yeah. i already called them up they're expecting us.
Give your agent a hard time and you'll be looking for a new #agent in NO TIME...
Breaking News Story: The Movie Contagion blows
aight cool im checking that 1 out..
Whoa! That's awesome. Maybe I'll just be Casual Friday Iron Man.
Sometimes when I'm eating wings I forget that I am a civilized human being.
Gotta love being the 1st to the office, but forgetting yr key. At least there's WiFi.
Sometimes sports fandom is just beyond me. I'm guilty of it from time to time, but I like to think I stay reasonable
fucking pin-headed idiot.
phew... been working on new material with Spence. Can't wait to start recording at the end of March in Florida!
thank you from one thinking mom to another!
Weekend is almost here!! Get to watch some girls beat each other lol!!
Cant wait for Saturday's football practice.!
Jessica Simspon has finally given birth!! But what's with the boy name for their little girl? Poor kid will be so confused!
I believe I just saw about 6 other fans on this flight! We travel well...
Thank you. RT you about that cute looks sweety avi speaks for itself.
Thank you! We love our daughter and "her" Park! RT : What a lovely photo. She looks adorable!
I just remembered they're so close!!!
#4famouswords I have a DREAM
An optimist stays up until midnight to see the new year in. A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves. -- Bill Vaughn
Senate vote 98-0 to pass tax credit- now goes to House. Watch for fast approval and off to the Pres
:( I had just talked on phone w/her. Just had to vent. It's such a horrible condition. If it was human, i'd kick it's butt :/
I have found Pokey Molasses' twin brother! He is typing quotes for the Final Four.
that could probably work! get ahold of me before then and we shall hang out!
It's Diet Coke time.
Snags in development = opportunity to communicate more. Don't bury it.
so ,Adam Young and I are gonna elope :DD
I will, had so much fun hanging out. I'm exhausted! See you soon! I'm on the plane. Winder if this plane will have in air wifi
looking forward to SAVVY this week!
going to the movies! You?(:
I have issues.
Jep. I'm interested. I'll check it out!
After 2 months & 2 hours on the phone I have finally received a credit from on an erroneous charge, w/ no help from either
click the back button on the top left hand corner
No you're not the only one, just to make you feel better its have of the world having problems with this :-/
I keep dialing M for Murder. Nope, they're still here.
Zealous rockers, Dont waste your money on a protest by downloading some greasy long hairs -Vote For Wagner !! everyones a winner !
It feels like summer! Definitely a great evening to try one of our new cocktails : Bluejito: Veev Acai Liquor, Blueberries, Mint Leaves
After a wonderful trip to Whole Foods, arrived home to my Penzey spice order on my door step. . .Life is so good!
Jeb Bush will be the next POTUS. I fully believe it.
I pretty much knew was gonna be Cee Lo's pick. I mean he would have to be insane to not pick her!
A few hours ago, I've been #baptized, confirmed and taken my first communion as a
havent been on here in a min
I'm feeling tired, myself. :-)
..or London.. sheesh! RT love texting a friend and finding out they are in the caribbean! What am I not doing?! Lol.
Pats doing serious damage in the Draft, #Redsox pounding the White Sox, Youk looks like his old self again, something's not right here...
It's not a "split screen" #Fox9 -- it's about 30% soccer and 70% your on-air talent pointing at weather graphics.
Doesn't she always? : Oh look. Mrs. Carville is making shit up on CNN now.”
Going to a trip tomorrow at Manhattan. its going to be fun so by now, goodnight tweethearts!
I like the way you kiss me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>!
Free tasting of Stateside Saison at the Wine Source. Watch out! This guy is going to take over!
because why?(:
Actually made me laugh...
RT": Boy shorts vs thongs" >>> boy shorts!!
Time for cue cards for our nation anthem!
could be Newt is personally repulsive? No chemistry (Mitt doesn't have much either)
this is why i love yall<3 YOU SHOULD COME TO AUSTIN, TEXAS IF YOU DO ME AND WILL DEFF GO!!! <WeMissAustin!>
Go, Duke!
Contribute your World Piece today. www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
It seems that Mitt Romney's basic message to Republicans is, "If you can't have the one you love, then love the one you have."
MMG in full effect
Ewwww ": Factor by which fleas that fed on Jurassic dinosaurs were larger than today’s common house flea: 10 (May '12)
Don't keep testing the ones you love, at some point they will think you are doing it because you don't trust them
Justin Bieber is sexy !!!!! #BoyFriend <3
OPEN and ready to serve you on this beautiful day. Come on in & warm up with us. Double Punch Drink of the Day: Honey Bunch Latte!
who has the shears?! Lol
wer u der? u saw it? i tried calling ur fone is not going tru...
same to you! Thanks!
want a medal?
scotch? Yes beeby
I'm doing the personal Twitter thing now. Who wants to be my Twitter best friend? So help you god, you better say we're Twitter bffz.
Team building concept huh? Yup!
Sapong on the bench for this one.
yep she played that part well :)
would love to discuss how symbaloo can add to your ambitions?1 of the 7 fantastic free tools.
Saw an awesome Groucho Marx skit by Gregory Allan Bock at the piano bar Don't Tell Mamma last night! He was amazing! Everyone go see him!
MT Join us @ 11 this a.m. for the groundbreaking of the new - in Station North at Barclay and Oliver
When u coming to Sunny Fla???? Hit me up!!!
THIS MALL SLICK!!!!
Ditto. RT : GREAT advice RT When you're in doubt, glitter it out
& it's my hard earned money You're welcome to pop bc& get abortions You're not welcome to expect me to pay for it
if I had only tweeted earlier about the p-dub, humpty might have never broken
School Tomorrow lol , Not Feeling It !
I have my justin cut-out in my bed with me : )
A copy of Joy the Baker is on hold for me at the FPL! YAY!
Any welcome back "celebration" for the Aztecs? Where and when?
Hey people claiming to be #1 at something. Let's see some supporting data, and no a note from your mother is not sufficient.
I didn't make it as a joke, I mean that every single one of you should all jump off a bridge.
Things can sometimes get lost in translation.
stop by today at noon for OPEN MiKE orientation/tour. (Grand ave mall)
RT sleeping for 3 hours, then going to make sure is picked to carry on the fight that started.
Hi New York, Hi Seth-#Stefon is sad for #Japan, it's like our little Asian New York. I didn't tweet yesterday because...too sad.
I am standing I the middle of the couture team area HQ... Jealous?
we wont start a sports blog me and you
congrats, sorry I couldn't make it tonight
Rugby is a good occasion for keeping thirty bullies far from the center of the city. -Oscar Wilde
Rip Facebook lol I like the tweeting tho..
That is Mahogany!
Yeah, I'm fucking pissed and emotional, not only for Fringe related reasons!
SOLD! 2 Bed/2 Bath Condo in West Hollywood, CA.
Did You Know for small package deliveries being sent around Chicago, its more cost effective to send same day than it is to send 1-2 days.
What has been up 2?
RT : MP's Kipper & Moses meet this AM. Word is fav's did well but others just as impressive.
What is Copper Repiping? Repiping projects should not wait until you start noticing leaks. CALL PLUMBING PLUS today #SanDiego 858-486-4070
I Scream Ice Cream on Carlisle and Indian School. Awesome, just awesome
Simba is so cute.! (:
Hey I was just on the phone with customer support again. Just so ya know.
BBQ tomorrow I'm there ay I got some interview @ 2 n after I'm heading over there
I knew you would agree(: Rt ": I know."
3/3/1777->B. Arnold:I beg you not take hasty steps in consequence but allow for recollection..My endeavours to that end shall not be wanting
oh shit my bad, haha I haven't been on twitter inna while.
HEY HEY IF U WOULD LIKE TO MEET JUSTIN BIEBER PLEASE REPLY BACK AS IN WHY WOULD U ????????????
You mean Cooper and Luke?? : When travis and calvin fought
I get to hangout with Diana and Leslie tomorrow (:
Chicken wings and fries.. for dinner
bo! C how u do me
If new carpet begins to look "tired," hot water extraction can effectively remove dirt and restore new carpet appearance.
Yeah, now i have my own twitter profile!
HAPPY 25th BIRTHDAY TO MOJO'S WORLD CREATOR !!!! 1/4 of a century! :)
I miss Brittney Murphy.
Happy birthday ! <U+E32A><U+E34B>
#sacscoc improve student understanding of class expectations
All right, Thunderbirds, that's how you start a must-win game!
M's beat the A's 3-1. Brandon League gets a free shave. And, the Mariners have the best record in Major League Baseball. Ichi Meter is at 4.
Today needs an eject button
i figured it out, i think im dying
what is your newbie name?
#Salute always loved your music we need you back!!!
FInding internet sources AS you are writing your paper is probably not the best idea.
you're so pretty c:
they are finally going to play you on the radio !!(:
RT : New from Mashable! 15 Essential Twitter Chats for Social Media Marketers: Ann Smarty is a search marketer and fu......
No, but if people do it today I will tomorrow.
Wait, they fired Robin Williams' character because he wouldn't do the voiceover for a bird who was smoking on a kid show?
using sharepoint for catalog? what? what? what?
Just made it to set. Shooting at an abandoned insane asylum in Staten Island. Let's get MENTAL!!!
hope the off season is going well!!! Stoked for next season go get it 9!!!
you have pretty hair:-) !
that'll teach me to joke about the weather...it's snowing this morning :(
It seemed during the Holmgren era we got 3-game road trips every year.
Nah, I Actually love my school, just not the work, I just hate being sick, Cuz Im ALWAYS Sick :/
Folts gave a terrific discussion on why Mckay comm records not available
LOOOL I DO THAT ALL THE TIME! Want me to bring some ice ? ;)
Chocolate-covered #gingers from rock.
Playing New S. Mario Bros. Wii w/ my 7yo brother-in-law. He's very zen about dying. Just butt-bombs down into nothingness once it's too late
Josh Hamilton would probably crack my softball teams starting lineup
good morning my love! :)
Honored to be the 1000th! Enjoyed your HBR piece, BTW.
Whatever storm rolled through last night missed the Bronx...
were you advised to order "animal style"? or maybe you're going with some other more obscure secret menu item?
Unless someone stopped breathing, it’s NOT necessary for you to run in the office.
Hey I heard you were a wild one(:
$5 Bear Boots for LADIES all night long tonight!
Some girls are only meant to be hoes Smh
pizza hut really hit the spot
The magnetic ramps produce motion from point A to point B in a seamless disconnect.Curve the propelling field to utilize gravity to restart.
awesome! thanks for doing that!
You probably have that face "She might be interested in what I'd have to say?!" hahaha
#ireallyhatewhen people keep having kids and can't take care of the one's they have.
Yes I'm SO excited for season 2 of #HartOfDixie and thank you!
gotta give and take. cant always give
(1 of 2) Say you want customers to love your beer. Brew great beer. the word is all you need.
Nice meeting you IRL, too! :)
gurrrrl are you going to the #iwny opening party and/or after-party tonight?
Fresh baked cod and cous cous for dinner, Farmer's casserole in the oven, will be enjoying early am tom.
So many juicy rebounds.
Love it RT When ppl ask me questions I mmediately answer "six". Even yes or no questions. Just..."six"
is honoring the Council tonight at their 130th Anniversary Celebration, from 6–9 PM. Hope to see you there!
Is the Park & Stay code only good by itself? Can't use it with a Corporate discount, for instance?
What's good twitter world....please checkout my Music Page @ www.reverbnation.com/bezzy2012 ***Peace God***
We cannot abandon hope for kids because their external circumstances are difficult, says Pastorek Event
this past tuesday made one year at time flies! i think we have accomplished much in this time.
how did it go?
"You need to get a job"
Follow our stellar mentor for the upcoming She’s helping to spread #LeanStartup Register now!...
Because maybe You're gonna be the one that saves me And after all You're my wonderwall
“If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.”
I hate when I forget what I'm finna tweet !
I feel like the amount of chaos in my life is directly proportionate to how far off-skew the photo frames on my wall are tilting...
My hair is getting so long and I love it! It hasn't been this long since either 8th grade or freshman year. :)
i certainly will! true and theatrical... things i like! :)
no mic ultra
decisions decisions decisions
Well i wasnt gonna talk to you anyways!
Time is precious and we have a whole extra DAY to do something good in the world. Or at least enjoyable!
The republican candidates should begin considering a platform for change such as Mitt or Nuet for pres and vp and Mich/san
forreal? Haha i hear good things bout em all the time, I need to try some!
Festival of Books! It's happening, folks! :D
good thing 2am here is like 10pm anywhere else (err, and I dont just mean time zones)
Joey wat it do
the cookies were delicious!! Thanks for always striving to make your state fair ladies happy!
Getting ready to hit the gym. Probably with rocks. Maybe some sticks.
#AutoRepair The Hassle of Vehicle Problems and the Hassle of Automotive Repair
NY band is from Brooklyn. I'm from Brooklyn. Does anyone care that anyone is from Brooklyn? Only people from Brooklyn. I would know.
You have no clue how excited I am to get a free box of Trident gum from
I believe there are more than 1 family biz owners. Who are you referring to?
We just arrived at the HCC candidates forum. There are lots of people here, great crowd! Very exciting!
not my best moment. Hey world, did you know dalton hands out money to strangers? It's a hobby of his.
I am wondering what the criteria is to be apart of One Million Moms. I have misdirected rage, too! Do fur babies count?
The doer of the thing is severely limiting business and income growth. The marketer of the thing has virtually unlimited income potential.
digable planets comeback!
i don't care.
I've been good. Was in Texas all last week. Now I'm home n back to work. What about u?
ah yes the #soKodak commercials bring back great memories!!! I love them too!
Who was I doing my hair for its work o.O
Ok…I thought that BJ Raji was the next in line...
Do self help books work if u don't know ur self?
Ha. I like that. I gotta RT that.
Weird. I see your message from Tweetdeck, but not a web browser. Maybe it'll behave better today.
happy mothers day :)
Great company! Thanks!
yeah, this weekend was a shocker tho i was like oh shit i'm not ready for this weather's outfit choices. :p
that bitch was like immma be late !
biitttcchhhhh, she say she possessed..! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
LMAO HELL YES!!!(:
that would be GREAT lmao
Wow! If you aren't going to write about this for , I will!
visit BBR for a cocktail...duh!
im hype gunna go hard n tha paint tonite wit my boi's
I havent seen my niece in. . . . .idk how long !
Call the White House and tell the President to keep his promises about medical cannabis! Call 202-456-1111 now!
Holy crap!! Can't believe KU was the first #1 seed to go out. They had been pulling games out of their rears all year and finally got caught
Can I drink booze while watching "Mary Poppins" or is that just wrong?
Goodnight, I Hope I Wake Up To His Text .
Sat down on the bus...and the seat was warm. Kinda grossed me out.
Why do all local media seem giddy about the traffic this morning and who is parked where and riding what? Just askin
These next two were admission tweets from my time with
Everywhere I look I girl has a feder in their hair
The new record is coming....
Today started a little off...but in the end it really was a great day.
In due time!
I was just watch that
"Prove that brotherhood is not so wild a dream as those who profit by postponing it pretend." - Norman Corwin, from "On a Note of Triumph"
“: Come here .. I wanna taste you”
sorry! It will get better, I promise!
The #cloud defies generalization - Anyone who says #cloud is cheaper is wrong. Come listen to the last half an hour!
UPDATE: Scout council votes to sell one camp and part of Ingawanis
Schools Use Nintendo Wii, Games to Fight Obesity: Some schools are integrating game systems such as the... dlvr.it/mKjZv
Antique closing techniques like "features and benefits" are too boring. Build comfort and trust on a personal level and see how easy it is.
Let me know when. I have a cool digital recorder and even colder beer waiting!
all my time in NC and I never made a full visit to , drove around and by it, but never got to stop :(
Ok. Not sure why I stopped "following" people on Twitter. Promise that it wasn't on purpose!!!
I'm spunky. I like my oatmeal lumpy.
RT : Working to confirm details, but reports are coming into our newsroom that 16-year-old Taylor Siders has been found.
just arrived back in the A getting ready for bed and thanking God for returning me home....i am so glad to be back....YES!
#FF , T's style & beauty director and future Twitter phenom, no doubt.
Hope we get to see the #supermoon in Cleveland tonight... haven't yet.
UPDATE: Powell Blvd open in both directions now E. of I-205 at the scene of that earlier crash.
RT thanks my man appreciate support. Ill snatch something from ya we'll stay in touch
Two more follows for me and I got sixty followers! Woohoo!!!
Today on Speed channel don't miss the opening race for World Superbike. Marco Melandri will be making his debut on the BMW S1000RR!
:-) any tips on how I can get into modeling or acting
idk it just got undone !
Not too late for a Happy
Thank you!
The Charles Village 12th district forum is just about to start. There is still time to attend. Stop on by!
im not! Don't know what it is but ill find the app!
And we have a game! Go #Dodgers !!
I followed everyone back So stop complaining.
Happy Mother's Day! I hope you are having a splendid day!
Even if you knew i'll still be right lol
Great Excerpt from "An Economist Gets Lunch: New Rules for Everyday Foodies" - Great tips for dining out. What do you think?...
So with cooler temps., and while ground dries, why not visit one of the many zoos, bit and small, in the state?
So jealous of for being able to go out and not have to work in the morning.
I think the #supermoon has made my #library patrons off the chain crazy. Yikes.
Got Acne? Ask your boyfriend what to do. Oh, that's right, you don't have a boyfriend.
Great workout today
Leaving work.
Thanks. Too bad, you could've had this good looking hottie in your group.
How did it go yesterday? Sorry I couldn't make it!
Congrats on your Silver Circle Award!
": I had a blast! JJ helped some young fans make ! Please follow JJ he is my ro model! I'm biggest fan!
I want a pet narwhal bc thier awesome and underwater unicorns
"You get everything you want, and you still had to do this."
What what!?
There are some weeks that one can only face by wearing an adorable little hat. /cc
Follow #nafsaAD for live updates from Advocacy Day tomorrow & Wed. We're excited for everyone coming to DC to advocate for #IntlEd!
m...can anyone partake in the snacks, or is it just a student thing? ;)
haha one day I will have that elusive Chance Q and A
those are good too, that place is awesome
is heating up coffee for me. I am very thankful.
Bought tickets to Chicago for lovefest! Bing Travel is where it's at...thanks
Great meeting you as well. I'd be delighted! Just hit me up with the details!
Once again, a dead man again! On set in Mobile.
On this day in 1865, Joseph E. Johnston surrendered his forces to William T. Sherman at Bennett Place just outside Durham Station, NC.
what a lovely morning to wake up rested, fresh, and reporting the weather. Seize the day! ;)
CCT information session tonight at 5:30 PM in the CCT office conference room. If you'd like to know more, please join us!
For a big idea I boot up the computer and get it all down & back it up on a flash drive. And then I can't sleep.
I keep getting up to turn off my alarm & then snuggling back up to sleep. It's gonna make me late.
exactly every class today for me sucks :/
Chillin at the Valencia mall doin some good ole homework and waiting to chill with later!! So excited!! :D
Happy Friday to all our followers! Drive safe after your holiday party!
..if you're lagit, email me..otherwise, ciao! -Stronodelarosa
Ik a guy who's addicted to brake fluid, he says he can stop at any time
who is it?
girl. Might don't make it.
that's the best kind of mimosa!
Female mud wrestling has always been a show for the sexual pleasure of men.
it's a beautiful world, Jack.
sadly, i'm not THAT well-connected. haha! it's young frankenstein, an oldie but a goodie!
About to have my broken big toe (4 fractures) yanked back into proper alignment by my stepdad doctor. So, if you hear that girlish squeal..
It's been a great trend. I'd love to see a full Asian Studies #thatcamp (esp. for pedagogy...)
I can't wait until I'm 18.
RT : TODAY at 2:20 pm ET: Chief Investment Strategist Jeff Saut will appear on to discuss market strategy.
Doing karaoke with two male alto singers is like ok let's do Adele all night long just don't let me sing.
I get it in regardless why do you truthfully feel I need you your like a car part Hun REPLACEABLE
I have overdue library books... just thought I'd let you know.
Hi, you like to write? What do you like writing? You also read, do you read sci fi and fantasy? Who are your favorite authors?
I hear retro slut is big this year at fashion week.
trying to be cool on this friday, not to let anyone get me all wound up. we will see how that works out.
Who goin to ibiza tonight?.. I am!!!
I can't stand Urijah Faber's 1970s Tiger Beat hairdo.
Launch of New Members-Only Travel Deal Site
“The beautiful journey of today can only begin when we learn to let go of yesterday.” Steve Maraboli,
26 days of school left. mmmhmmmmmmmmmmm.
Ed Sadlowski and Marc Vike telling their WI story at
sent you an email. all good. thanks for asking
BABY MONITOR DUH lol its right behind me and i turn it up real loud and keep the head set off my right ear lol
So be thankful for the mobile home or minivan you call home, you could be some single jackass in a 5 bedroom house you never could afford
Is it just me, or is the word iconic WAY overused by the media? Not a day goes by that I don't hear it.
Happy birthday !
We were checking out a friend's event on another ticket service today, and noticed the service offers to email forgotten passwords.
Early going today we have plays posted from 87 cappers so far with a consensus on the side in both FB tonight More to come
Lebron over exaggerating that hit on him. Lmao!
Come pick him up again so I can see you w/o getting in trouble
Today, Thurs Nov 17 is your last chance to take advantage of our $5 nightly special.
The Adamouski competition is also representing artists on their blog, don't miss out on the opportunity to be noticed that much more...
still waiting on that beat
Lawrdd , my auntiee want me to watch Friday wit her!!
i wish. he's liz's bf
Yea that's cool. I'm debating on if IM gone do it or if my BROTHeR is gonna do it.
Having date night with my best girl at Moe's Pub Tonight, Gonna watch the Badgers whip up on Mich St!! Go Bucky!!
no. I don't care for that site.
Why did you send this to me?
i would buy the tickets but my dad won't give me his credit card number because he thinks i will buy everything
i can & will say that the $8.00 i am asking will b the best $8.00 you will ever spend on entertainment 4 your mind. Serious deep humor
iGat 482 Followers , Lets See Who Be A Fag &' Unfollow Me !
lets keep HOPE alive, and maybe there will be someone that dont mind putting up with me for as long as I live:-)
Did you see last night on the #Simpsons? Hilarious.
We looked into each other's eyes and smiled without saying goodbye. We never said goodbye.
Pretty pumped for and 's new music video being released later today!
The link in my bio explains how to be in it, if you have any questions make sure to ask me :)
will you be meetig fans at warped in Orlando Fl?? :)
I love you because you haven't given up on me :)
There's no damn business like show business - you have to smile to keep from throwing up. Billie Holiday
nope did not know that...
Thank you!!!!
Falwell Jr. announces that Liberty football team is moving up to NCAA Division 1
Why am I up this freakking early?
They say that they're winners, ok well lets see
$5 Pinnacle Martinis!
No, but remember no lunch until 11:00. :) : Is it wrong that it's 9:50 in the morning and I want some macaroni and cheese?
Bennett what does that fucking cloud look like!! Tell me now!!
A comment on #HungerGames. This is happening all over the world where children are used as soldiers. Human RIghts Watch exposed for years.
Awesome. Couldn't tell what uni you attend, but do you know my bestie UT/Dallas?
i thought it was general admission? whyd you wait for me you duck?
Thanks for the RT! That place sounds like it will be a fun spot!
The look in your eyes says things I don't want to know.
I graduated college today, but my mom saying "you better tap that ass" when she meant "bust a cap in that ass" - best moment.
One of the fundamental skills of good writing is to deliberately unintentionally incorrectly not misspell words correctly. Or something.
RT : where you gonna be at for pick up tin roof nobody kidnapping me this tyme
Meanwhile, what emergency RB do I start? Javon Ringer or Marion Barber?
That'd be awesome! I suggest you req/tweet to CMT and CMT shows. Would LOVE us to have a 2cd season AND a 2cd half hr! :))) <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
<--- RT : Who stayed up for the entire #Brewers game last night & is a little sleepy this morning? Who's doing it again tonight!?
<Screen Printing supply megastar.
RT : SM forces me, gently but firmly, out of the isolation and into growing every time I connect. #edchat quote worth saving!
The wife must be thrilled.
Brew City Online has $18 beer pouch hoodies and 40% off t-shirts through the holiday season!
I have 1,234 connections on
At a concert listening to a song dedicated to my dad :D hahaha
Omg do I have to get out of bed
Screw Axel for not showing up! As long as you hear Slash tear it up all the G-N-R you
sweet sweet freedom
kladike bars r so much better lol
editing with
I'm ABSOLUTELY in!
I'm not crazy, I'm just a little unwell.
Serena's hair always looks like a bird's nest
Preparing for all of the Bachelor-related tweets this evening. Who needs to watch the show?
sleep, goodnight twitter! (:
Why are so many conservatives starting to follow me on Twitter? It is a little disconcerting.
O's, Strohs, and Natty Bohs Hon!
....guess what I got in the mail today?!
dude... It's been there for like the longest time.
: . thanks for following us. Does Farmers insured Pit Bull owners? We rescue ALL breeds! -Thank you too! & yes!
DIRECTIONATOR!! “: is it true? if it is how dare you leave the group! i hate you............”
Got my juicer back from New York last night and now my fridge is full of delicious green juice :)
:D and omfg I do to... Fuck me.
Polo! ;D
to cold for that lol
Only piece of shit I've held in my hand longer than the one in the Duke Nukem Forever opening is this stupid #Samsung. #atleatsitsnotAT&T
I wish I could be with ya! But I would def appreciate it.
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
Don't forget about Raw tonight with the ! Racing and Wrasling
guess I'll check ma voicemail
Getting Custom iPhone Application Development Services across the globe by Leading iPhone App Development Company - VincentIT. Our Expert i…
Going to the meeting this evening? Be sure to stop by & say, "Hey!" to our awesome founders.
Closer to giving biz the tools to stay competitive: Bill to est. Industry Partnerships by statute FINALLY goes to PA House
Hmm let's see what Friday the 13th has in store for us this time...
FAiLED!!! RT Trying to do work
Finally registered a project w the Writer's Guild. Now I know how it feels to have your very own baby! Very annoying & I won't do it again
let me ask you guys this? Why in the world is Ron arrest still allowed in the league?
my cookies are delicious!
YAYY!!!!! RT : decided I wanna go to university of cincinnati.
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save. ~ Will Rogers
twitter feelings really? Ok I don't want u too respond so Fast . Place yourself in my shoes n tell me would u still be upset
that's really cool.
im an exception!
He needs a friend.
Come tell a Ghost Story during the 2nd Annual Ghost Story Contest Tue. Sept. 13th, 6 p.m. Details, www.storytellingarts.org.
Snow kiting classroom complete. I think it is about time I bought skis.
RIP Dick Clark. Hope you're at peace. #nolongerrockin'
hiya!!! Thanks for the follow!
Maybe we can come
he needs to get 12,500 follows by tomorrow to do a video chat!!
They say two wrongs won't make it right but it's suiting me just fine
lmaooooo and then will never txt bak right after I tweet that ! lol
// so should I plan to bench or cut J. Ford in ff?
At Trish fam house...why are we still here?
I'm trying, girl! #stillpoor hahaha
If you're unable to transfer WMA Audiobooks to your iOS device using OMC, download and install the latest version of...
Film audition tomorrow! And another later this week!
Netflix stock plummets as more subscribers leave
will be at Frankie's Tiki Room tonight from 8pm until past midnight
excuse my french... ;) hahahaha
Int'l obligations bow to the Constitution, not the other way 'round. Obviously I disagree with the result in Golan, but . . .
#SHOUTOUT to my new follower ===>>> got u love
You hurt me more than what I deserve because I loved you more than what you deserve.
sorry we were hacked :(
I must say your class was the bomb today! Now i know how get fighters to be champions
Gordo misplaced his beret, so he's wearing his toque. Good enough, right? Enjoy your #BastilleDay cruise!
you got it bffl ;) that's how we roll!!
Don't hate me!
Thanks for the mention - it was a great article for you to have included!
Past by some highschool students. Dude told a girl, that's why u can't dance. She replied that's why ur tiny. Idk, I say he lost that one
That gets an amen. RT : How can we listen to a bunch of celibate men tell us about our bodies?
Thanks for the #FF mention today with such awesome #Jax folks. Honored.
I hear it's lovely this time of year.
Costa Cruises Holiday Sale up to $100 onboard credit! "Tis the Season for sailing with Costa! Kids sail from $199 Caribbean! 800-803-7245!
After midnight, all conversations lead to sexual topics.
Hope all you Shasticians had an awesome #Sunday #brunch somewhere delicious in the #SFBayArea! Enjoy the sunshine, catch sum live music!
Miner number two up and safe!!!!!!!
I think you just found Ryan Murphy's next project
please wear your all black uniforms Sunday! They look tuff!
Happy Birthday !
All I ask the lord for was for better days
#YouHadMeAt "would you like fries with that?"
Still thinkin about u
Don't worry, I made it to Orlando. Barely. #cheatingdeath cc:
RT : Great contest: RT : Win A Trace of Smoke, A Night of Long Knives, and A Game of Lies!...
Let my European adventures begin. 2 countries, 10 days, and my sinuses are acting up.
agree. never abandon, but brands need to forge deeper. Push/Pull vs Push focus...
R.I.P Whitney Houston yuu will be missed
This guy next to me is counting money like he just robbed a bank <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
QUESTION OF THE DAY? If your boyfriend/girlfriend cheated on you, would you want to know about it?
Renember the Zoey101 theme song? I do...<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I thought the Italian was told Heidi no more animals...5 dogs and a blonde gorilla is enough
As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster......... Oh wait, that's not me. That's from Goodfellas.
I wasn't impressed w/ Black in America series but I'm giving #BeyondTrayvon a chance. I hope does better this time.
hahaha cranky old white man... i feel like i'm 80... like a man who's lived life, ready to judge the world
Whole gamut of Social Sciences - The Hindu
I am getting NO email today #yahoo I am in TN. Getting old...
LUCIANA performing LIVE at WET NIGHTCLUB this SATURDAY performing her hit song I LIKE THAT call SARAH at 915-449-2066 for info or VIP
thanks! we think so too!
had such a great time on fri nite. Thanks for letting me tag along. I need you contact info. DM?
#writers, what are some of your #favoritewords? I want to know!
So nicee to see the family and !! :)
You lil orangutan :p
In Pension Cmte, lots of visitors to hear what the Mayor has to say about his plan for fixing the municipal fund.
#10confessions 2. I love to sing
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude! 1
u wearing 91 for the ravens ?
that's my girl
Huge congratulations to on adding to her list of Social Media clients! Way to go!
had to eat at Olive Garden and had to have his chin glued back together (??). So much bad news for my friends ...
How do you react to the #Google+ redesign?
... the fact that if you work until after 3:30 you can't get one during the week.... And people wonder why my shit is always expired.
my problem is you sir.
have fun at the farmers market and BBQ!
I've given one talk and led two hack sessions on the projector so far. So much fun!
Make me your radio, and turn me up when you feel low, this melody was meant for you, just sing along to my stereo
This heat is killing me <U+E04A> -.-
Sometimes I want to sing "Colors of the Wind" to ignorant people.
let me know when you are free during Christmas break and we can do lunch or something. Maybe even invite :)
Catching up on #familyguy on they are really pushing their plus membership, any1 recommend it
lets be swanky and eat dinner in d-town!
I collect cats.
Let's go Make Canadians proud. Support them
it's all good. I give my girl props. I wonder who taught her how to hit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>. Don't forget Max hit a couple
i love your piece! thanks for sharing it with me! i love the rest of your blog also :)
Hey, ! Did you steal my hideout, or did I steal yours?
Hogs play S Carolina tomorrow at 1 Hogs going for the series win Go Hogs Go!!
New years with and !!
My #SeniorShift is mostly Funk and Old School
Im cuddling with my mf pillow Fuck A Bitch ! lol
There is no safety in solitude, only solidarity - Katie Harman
This week I've learned a lot about reacting to newness.
“If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character...Would you slow down? Or speed up?”
Happy Halloween, everybody. JAMS is definitely the house giving away full size candy bars. No mini-toothpaste/ mini-toothbrushes here. Haha.
are thinking about 2012 show plans...can't wait 2 get sum new tunes 2 ya!
“: Lol u b forgettin about me doe.. RT : “: Whoadie b acting do fake to me smh (cont) http:// U Up Top?
Want to B inspired by a kid? We're walking with www.zachtracker.com he' walking across the counrty...almost done! RT!
we may have some screenprinting needs in the near future. Keep following. Thanks
I'll keep it simple.
I wonder if gamers are more or less likely to have played the Mega Millions than the general public. Probably no one's done a poll on this.
I can't wait to get more songs recorded. The full length is gonna blow minds.
thanks and #FF back!
Once fear, procrastination- held me back- well I<U+FFFD>ve now put them to one side
Hey, sister, follow me so I can send you a DM.
Just talked to on the phone until 3 a.m. ! problem considering I have to be up early for a show tomorrow, Night Twitter;)
What famous living person would you want to meet for drinks?
You're most welcome! I hope so, too! :)
Thanks for the love! RT: BBQ lovers Coop's is awesome it's in Lemon Grove and they have excellent reviews on yelp.
Arguing with dad... not fun...
I'm awesome thx for asking ;-)
Tonight Birthday Party at The Federal 5303 Lankershim Blvd North Hollywood 91601 red carpet starts at 10pm all industry free!
I'm hoping for iPad 2S
I had a dream that Beyonce sacrificed Kelly Rowland and Kelly died. That was some dream.
Del mar fair, club m, Humphrey concerts, Sunday la jolly cove. Thursday la mesa car classic-SD June fun.
its leebbbbaaaahh baby ...
Lol - I had to ! Its been like 6months o.O
Video Streaming Outside The Firewall Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to 2018
I will be having 2 today buahahaha
Yea I know I thought it was just them until I talked to them
Cant wait..!! My group opens for May 26th at The Rave in Milwaukee,WI Yeah Buddy..!!
You will never be alone with me there!<3
thanks. not.
I just tweeted.
really? Twin pups!
then your uhh other cat has a big head:p
Today's Declaration: I deserve to be rich because I add value to other people's lives.
A tie between Tottoro and Kiki.
Nothing wrong with liking both teams and loving that #LAisTheBasketballGauntlet right now.
Don't forget to #vote team
Tf, Broke Ass Iron..!
I'm hoping if I do tons of yoga that I'll get the same results as working out w/o having to lift anything heavy or run
when the person you like tells you, "don't worry you'll find the right guys someday." <<<<<
What are you doing up there?
haha so true! see you tonight!
Is covered in metal shavings and grime all in the name of cool design...
what a great night at good old pump it up....
Follow your boy!!! #SS3 is on repeat for the day. #motivation then hitting the booth
I finally have somebody to talk to that's gone through the same thing with our parents.
I'm down!!! Lol sean aint here ima call matt!
kiss me like you miss me, fuck me like you hate meAnd when you’re fucking someone else just fuck her like she ain't me
Just dropped The Reign Is Over go visit www.thorobreadentertainment.com and git ur free copy
Preparing for my beauty segment tomorrow morning at 9am of Fox 35. Tune in to see part 2 of my Summer Skin Series. Excited!
Sitting around thinking about my doggy.
Now your all i think about while im laying in the dark...
Bard no-hitter gone in 2nd. Might as well go home.
RT yes! Memorial Hermann does it again! #houston hospital live tweeting brain surgery Follow or #MHbrain via
Atty for former SD cop accused of assaulting women says some alleged victims "enhanced" their stories and hoped to make $$ by suing city.
Roasting is an art and a science. . . Learn more at our Dinner this Wednesday ft a 4 course coffee dinner!
NYC here we come! Leaving at 0430 for the Big Apple! :)
Truth. RT : It's ok, because in 3 days it will be 90 degrees, then next week it will start snowing
Oh yeah EPIC Rangers gonna look slow tonight 4-1 DEVILS
Just found a nerdy NEA job in DC that I would love to have. Hm, wonder if they'd let me work from Indy? Mama'd rather stay here for now.
yeah i gotchaa
I am:) Ill play yours in a bit lol,I have a lot of requests
repealing DADT is way different than the legalization of homosexual marriages and he openly said he was against that in 2008
Just met the fantastic Wish you all the best in your climb up the charts!
what game was she watching??? Did she miss the 6 weak offensive fouls on vandy? (no offense to the misses)...
If you like Korn I love you
Hmm, really?: RT : In all of our relationships, we can only give what we have.
Welcome 2 the team!!!:-)
Good to see you're still alive; Happy Birthday! I think it's baby time!
I caught that as well. Not a good quote for UK.
actually BOTH sound good to me ! Am buying a microwave chip maker from #PamperedChef ! Let's see how it does !
lmao its like that
lol we need to go talk to them
ill always support you no matter what kay? you should look at your DMs sometimes too :) love you <21
. If you write it, Laurel, you could bring in Baxter and call it MOON'S OVER MY HAMMY.
you're such an inspiration & you can hear the emotion in #skyscraper I love it! <3
haha no. It was so weird! I woke up and looked outside to see a raccoon on our patio I'm like okay? It was so cute though!
surely serious. Just a question of logistics. Could chase drive if you gave him gas money?
Maybe an INCREDIBLY close tight shot and zoom out to what it really is ...
We only DIDN'T stay there because we got a family discount at the Marriott at the time.
Get your genetically modified vegetables at your nearest
Ahh I would have loved to see you doing the Alexa dance! I miss you and I wish you were in all my piccies with me :)
Man! I cant do anything right. Im so useless im sorry im sorry i made you sad ugh im stupid <WeMissAustin!>
Help support me and yourself by signing up for free at OneFreeAd.com! Thanks guys! :)
Time to get some burgers and pbr. AMURRRRRRRRRRICA
Selena Gomez and Taylor Swift were the big winners at the 2011 Teen Choice awards, taking home five and six wins, respectively.
uh huh? U still owe me dat cookie. Or do u want 1 (wink). Lolz!
RT : Feelin bad for taj boyd. They lost and now everybody hates on him #smh #bandwagon<..losing again now...lmao...
That would be great, wonder if some might know what it is? We all hope to see you and Erin soon. Cheers!
Tests done....Christmas Party here me and David Come! I can't wait!! :)
I bet all the folks in this video was full of the loud, bars, and powder..
I'd be naming every chain in Austin if I was there. In reality if already have tickets though. Chipotle?
Winner RT : I like olives, especially when they're soaked in vodka with just a touch of vermouth.
Thanks and Credit on video goes to
I hope so!!! Been waiting long time :D
awesome dude.. GL!
What is going on with Spain?! They just can't seem to connect the final pass!
Don’t like it when the smell of someone’s hair product is so overpowering it becomes their actual fragrance.
Lets keep it going!!
you said your getting a new 1 tomorrow
Big Time Moms :)
Brompton Dock cycle hire arrives in Manchester
oh please! Lol
I love Miami
I'm glad there's not really any hate lovatics/selenators are talking about is in my timeline. Keep the peace.
Who else LOVES Center Stage? RT : Thank you! You have been keeping busy too I see! –ZS
My student The amazing Miss Eileen Garrido, age 13, will be singing in D.C. For the 2012 Gala #LarryKingCardiacFoundation!
Giving a shot of the last rehearsal session for the Unnamed song before going on air this Sunday!
should pick off waivers #LakerDarell???
you're my new favorite stranger.
Oxy Mo: Loose tights
i am so possessive of things when i know i only have a small amount of time with it/them
Don't get me wrong. I am glad more people are focusing on our schools.The city, county, state and federal govt in S Diego should collaborate
Listening to #Rush explain why corporations are people reminds me how stupid and gullible he must think his listeners must be.
Maybe $5, but have to believe still looking at other options like Furcal, Carroll, others right?
I really think no 1 is listening 2 dis guy speech
I need some nyquil or some sleep pills or Somethin I can't sleep for shit
Just Found Out KMSL Stands For Kill Myself Laughinq I Feel So Fuckn Slow !
Just registered for 1st southern bjj gi open saturday April 28th who else is coming? Weekend in Brighton with GDR London oussu!
i got yelled at for giving someone a hug??!?!?!??
knew it.
I am tuning into on tonight to see my girl I hope her assistant didn't mess anything up! :)
#Chiefs Rookie Camp. Martin Rucker is definitely built up to the size he needs to make it in the nfl. Hope he gets an offer.
ah amazing ah ah amazing!
Crazy blessed. So much love for my people right now.
then you adopted him? Sounds similar 2 usual? same theme? Mine's nothing like that, just a load of crap regarding recent stuff
Crazy day!!! Listed 2 new properties. Will send links later. Office space (6,000sf) and retail space (5,760sf).
me and are twins born 4 years apart basically
Some days I REALLY hate #Silverpop. Really.
#schoolmemories walking into 6th period after the bell rings with since first day of school! aww im gonna miss that :\
that is the stupidest thing iv ever seen in my life
The Lonesome West opens tomorrow night! Fantastic audience response during previews... Come check us out! W.ruskingrouptheatre.com
we both wor a costume but i don't wanna put up mine lol..
THANKS TO YOU VERY MUCH!
lets win together son I'm your real father
By the time the second season comes
On the 3rd day of Christmas my Favorite piercing shop gave to me........ 30% off all stone plugs! (offer valid today only)
it's going to be a week of combatives immersion! Nothing but a solid week of fight training, conditioning and working out!:D
If you haven't been to yet, A] you're missing out, and B] it's today's Groupon! Go, buy, now!
those kitty cats :-)
oh wow!
tonight. nickleby's lounge in #akron. be there. #freedrink on me with a retweet.
We are THREE followers away from hitting 100! Thanks everyone for the support! We appreciate ALL of you! #HappyFriday :)
You like? There will be more. Different shapes, sizes and colors. Just junk wire and old metal plaster lath.
is the happiness coming out you like lava?
Thanks! Considering starting to home brew and wondering if I should grow my own hops....and what kind.
Gym time! #Coachella pool party motivation
thanks so much :)
Presentation on the history of Morgan Park and Wilson Park by Dale Green from Morgan State.
Are ya'll having a birthday celebration for GlamBar this year??
Sen is one of my heroes. Did grad school in the midst of the rational expectations "rev"----macro a mess. Micro makes sense.
FUN FACT: Spain has the highest number of bars, restaurants and coffee shops, in the European Union, more exactly 344.426!!
You guys are the reason why i never want to be home.
Thanks! RT love your blog!! what a great idea to revamp a wardrobe!! definitely something we'd recommend!
i rang the door bell as well nugga
tell me more about Provenge and your concern and stuff? Prayers are yours.
Never say never on mtv... The tears <U+E408>
Good morning love
Me and ! Please and Thank you! Would Love to go!!!
Yesterday I was lied to by someone I thought that loved me. What should I do?
oh. I missed an "and" before the "which." William Carlos William didnt write a misplaced modifier like that.
#YouKnowShesTheOne when you cry when she left you cause you cheated on her... cherish her dude
We would love to hang. Next time for sure! Keep voting and next time will be soon :)
if lovin' you is wrong, then it must be wrong.
Yeah, people are going to start to wonder...
I'm sexy and I know it.
Walking, walking, walking...hoping to meet my baby boy soon! Hopefully this walking will help!
RT Excited about the introduction of the Journal of Digital Humanities
Is that we call a "night cap?"
babiez! i love babiez! i am excited you are having one!!! when are they due?
RT : Hearing that when they examined Mariano Rivera's knee, they discovered that its contents are 42 years old.
Order sent to Whitney in FL!
just woke up again xD sorry I didn't reply, I was working last night
amen RT: "Gods grace is the only reason u are what u are today. Be quick to ascribe glory 2 Him & not yourself."
It would be friggin AMAZiNG if did a show in Port St Lucie Florida!!!!!! xD Iloveyou!!! <333
you should get a bunch of shirts that say #SwaggLife So You Wont Have To Say Them As Much As You Do And People Will Just no.
Buenos DDias, Chicago! It's Cinco de Mayo & we've got new SW Veggie & SW Steak Burritos to celebrate!
#pokertips Know when you should fold.
Someone mention me or something because this makes me really upset.
I told Jordan that Katelyn was the luckiest person in the world and he laughed and said thank you.
Thanks! We're all good over here. Anxious to get well and get home.
Good point. Glad the Grammys graced us with some actual talent tonight and it wasn't all slop. And RIP Whitney :(
Mucho love RT : don't go boo :( come back soon <U+2764>
happy easter evryone .. up gttn dressed :)
HA! No. That's what happens when I tweet at work and I try not to be noticed.
Aw! I want one! Too sweet!
Diamond you're an amazing friend!!!! - Cecilia ()
Happy Monday! Calling our guests for free classes at L. A. Acting tomorrow. Wanna come?
Oh my god, Brienne is perfect. So much emotion. So sad.
?; how about you how are things working out for you
building relationships until the end; yes sir!
River Walk Park in West Sacramento Swabbies Taco Trailer lunch and Dinner, live music with the Fortunate Few. Music starts at 6pm
Now it looks like I won't get to the #PCTBB until almost 2:30. Oops.
unfortunately i have swallowed too many of those damn pills in my life!
Possibly just "desperate."
Well you ladies obviously have some emotional issues to work out.
Can me and Peyton please just get married already? He is pure perfection
Its better to lose a lover, than love a loser
When is Justin Bieber going to stop looking like a 12 year old girl?
How have you been? Ready for Tebow?????
It truly is a good.morning now!
Nick clearly won the last 2 weeks of the year. RT : RT : . launched December 13. Shoulda been eligible.
My school would be better if would come & do a concert . Greenwood lakes middle school in Lakemary Florida . <3
awesome!! Enjoy the show tonight!
they jumped all over me cause I told them not to hate on Ariana and now there making fun of me, so I changed my account 4 n
I'm sure the spin on evolution varies by community. My kids seem to have learned about it, but... I might double-check their books.
I'm so damn hungry, I'm about to go rape the dollar menu at McDonald's.
Cheating Math: If 10 women slept with Tiger Woods, ratio of cheating-women-to-cheating-men in the Woods scandal: 10-to-1.
uhh Moran or something i think
So proud of one of my new clients: 3 weeks ago she couldn't do a pushup. Tonight she did up to 3 in a row w/o rest & eventually completed 24
Thanks for the pre #winterclassic #Olympic montage which made me tear up! Oye
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 37
Let me know when ass day is...
In Atlantic City making three presentations at an OSHA/ VPP conference: OSHA's HazCom Standard, Global Harmonization and Record Keeping
the bludot sale is coming soon! just a few days away.
Tonight. 12:30 a.m. Me: Craig Ferguson. CBS. Late Late Show. You: Watch? DVR?
after 10 hr day today and a 9 hour day tomorrow, alcohol is an absolute certainty.
Great food $155, 2 dozen roses $60, a valentines day card $5.50, great company with the woman I love priceless. Happy anniversary
It was a QT night -Kisses
Bonus points! RT : aw you used 'Natitude' in a sentence!
please follow me your so beautiful and talented :)
hope you are doing great! Let other alums know we are on Twitter now!
Its about time.
No! To meet Austin is my biggest dream but it will be never come true.. :( ..'cause I'm from Bosnia...
I txt you all the time…. their towers must be down quite often ;)
being sick is so not fashionable. :-( sniff sniff...
La liga Mexicana finals are on. Monterey vs Santos. Who you rooting for?
This was last sunday Having brunch at the waterfront hotel in Fells Point. Extra bacon please! Thank you! twitpic.com/5yumzn
srsly, can you come to Tampa Florida? We miss FTSK so much down here:(
But I do agree u need to step up and be there for the kids.
": #Penelope: you humped Mikey because you love him :) lmao" lmfao omg yolo ~
Use #xeroxdrupa in your tweets & see if you can get onto our live Xerox Social Media wall at #drupa hall 8b
Today Was Regular
Thank you for acknowledging the new brand, Jeremiah!
leaving for D.C. Tomorrow!!!can wait To see Virginia and DC with my bestie!only flaw I have to wake up at 1am and be at school by 3.30am-.-
Yes girl! So great Luv u tons RT : so good seeing you today mama...Crazy word.. Glad to have gotten fed with you :)
That one person who lets me call them and sing Kesha songs to them at one in the morning ..>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Getting your business listed on free sites is so important for visibility listed on 7/28, but we're not up yet !!!
RE: A.Ailey class: You're so lucky to live near the studio! I'd love to take a class there...
..Im seeing some tweets that suggest you need some special prayer in your life right now. #UCanCountOnMe. Xo
thank you, I intend to!!!! Xo J
Emily, would you be interested in an interview with the directors of the new "Octomom" movie, ?
Watching the Pirates of Penzance w/ my 10yo. The Major General song comes on. She looks up at me adoringly & tells me go ahead, sing along.
Thanks! Looks good...I think. My taste for Mexican food isn't very refined, but I'm looking forward to trying this place.
": Just had a productive lunch time meeting w/ #bigthangspoppin.."<--Girls on a Mission!!!
Off To My Doctors Appointment.
not now but in a little while. I have to go to a baseball game
Good Morning! Once again, I am up way too early on this Saturday. What does today have in store for you?
tony! thanks dude! thanks for watching! shout out to
I checked and replied.
He looks just like you.
Enjoy! Sounds awesome
What Peyton does with Broncos squad will show how valuable Tebow was to team. Lots of pressure...anything less than SB champs total failure.
#NEWYORK #MIAMI #CALIFORNIA #FOOTBALL #BASKETBALL FOLLOW THIS GUY RIGHT HERE ---->
Tip: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in San Diego!
Nielsen: Majority of younger Americans have a smartphone Talk about a generational divide. While only 43 percent of all Americans with wi
who wants to tweet me???im all yours!~
havn't heard from you in foreva :(
thank ya sweets! ;)
:O omg hurry up and bring it for me!!!!!!
I see way too many articles online about designing a portfolio and none on coming up with projects to put in your portfolio. Ideas?
I cede the remainder of my time to the member from Newton.
Inspired to be in a room with so many #Oregon #edreform leaders at The Children's Institute lunch!
I have not taken any LDS trainings yet. It's good to absorb as much info as you can.
lol yeah... MUFFINS!!!!
Wish I was at #relayforlife at EK tonight. I'm there in my heart guys.
Yeah I totally agree. Narron would be a big draw for him. But money would be real high. Would assure Greinke leaves.
Love is problematic when you feel like a fanatic of a person that you barely know. <3
we have had a lot of requests for a mobile app. working on it currently. are you looking for dashboard?
Very cool, glad you like!
I'm an American and I support a public option for health care.
wishes to celtics guard marquis daniels for a fast recovery
Ok, I just put up the special deal for MOMS Facebook fans. Who remembers what it was from the last sale? And where do you find it?
The news deppreses me T.T all I hear is death and rape and death #ShutTheFuckUp!
What would you attempt to do if you knew you would not fail?
immensity of mystery
Up gettin ready for graduation.im so sleepy =(.
Thank you as well! We look forward to tweeting with you.
RT : Reports are that a basket/box was attached to balloon... but obviously it wasn't there when the balloon landed.
i smell playoff Bubba kuchar lee phil
hmm, was this for teaching or a conference?
Epic Thursdays with ChiIL Productions
it shouldn't be this difficult. but it is everytime.
Thank you for allowing us to film at ur bookstore for our upcoming episode featuring "Kicked Out".
Share with us what Lighthouse Network Means to you. How it has been a blessing to you, and where your located?
Don't break my heart.... Please don't, Its been through enough
agreed. Sam and I are having one tonight but it won't be the same without you guys! :(
love how you can just check your TL to see whts happening about the football.
I'm just a Lil cannibal with a taste for sluty boys
Great book!
Daichi means big one and daini means big two, for those keeping track.
Spent some of the day with decendents of The Sound of Music family. Wonderful people and very talented. Follow them!
Steady snow ends in valley between 2-3am. After that we're back to scattered snow showers. Have a great night!
And then Omar came back in Ep. 3
Sweat pants, hair tied; chillin' with no makeup on. that's when you're the prettiest, I hope that you don't take it wrong. - DRAKE. <3 <3
Happy Birthday to me!!!
YES. RT : They should make a show called "Where Are They Now: Maury Paternity Test Babies
oh yeah. I want to volunteer to wash dishes or something.
I still don't have a problem with you. Just don't speak to me/about me.
gunna take a nap tired
Just a heads up... I'm looking for a part-time editing position, if anyone knows of anything. Thanks. :)
. Jealousy is also like self inflicted blindness were you only see the other person's blessings and not able to see yours
Haha, this "Out of Kentucky Kitchens" cookbook from 1949 has a "Note about Gourmet Powder" at the beginning. Gourmet Powder = MSG.
I think I have a disease it's called slowlyturningintobillmurrayitis #butnotreally #imnotthatcool lockedoutwithmylaundryfml
Like really, REALLY good.
I'm getting so old. I can't remember half the shit I said I was going to remember, and my post-it notes are cryptic.
the only place to go IS ALL THE WAY
I love that you're reading Mark Cuban's blog. And he's so right.
Haha lmfao you are so dirty
My work softball league is now following me. I guess I really AM as big a deal as I think I am.
Oh what to do. What to do. Back to work in the morning.
Caro! I didn't know you were graduating today. CONGRATS!
hm... can't help there. sorry. gobble. gobble.
Who do you have winning the OKC/Laker series? Stake your claim now. Respond with
shoulda heard him when he announced the whole Miami Atlanta game a while back it was hilarious.
I hope my oldest son take me to see Mike Epps on Mother 's Day. It will be a good mother day gift.
Haha its the song from my special shirt xD
wow that is quite a list! DC needs this! The reverse VC pitch sounds interesting.
Listening to bonds .
#ISFF2010 - Hope the future brings visible videos!
#reasonswedontalkanymore you became a fake ass d-bag
I cut up habanero chilies earlier, now it feels like my fingers are on fire. I didn't know they were serious when they said to use gloves...
"May the fourth be with you!" a Catholic response, "....And with your spirit!"
I bet you could have learned a thing or two from ;) Believe it or not, CB is actually a huge fan of hip hop.
There's just so much you can do or take until you reach the point that your done
So welcome. I love good writing. I suck at it. Should have paid more attention in class.
Beautiful day in San Diego! Summer is on its way! :)
I'm about to fucking flip, I'm so pissed.
Yayayayay finally saved
it's about time
Workshopped with the very impressive Michael Testa. Challenging cold reads and rich feedback. Thanks, Michael!
Hahaha i know! I think i waited it out for almost two years :/
Someone's tragedy today can very well be your reality tomorrow
nice, now we know why he pulled over and had an amazingly fast lap...
These are the plans He made. Why do I keep doubting the minor details? I just gotta trust and have some faith...
#goodmorning Shaun :)) hope you have an amazing day! Text me today :)
#ICantStandPeolpe who are extremely nosy ...
haha :) You know where it is?
Check out the faggot in the skin tight shirt.
Keep us posted! :)
Madison County or Mother's Day (remake) tonight?
Umm that's up to you whatever is easier either one works for me(:
Music touches us emotionally, where words alone can't. -Johnny Depp
Real test for 4-0-0 comes next Sat vs. on ESPN at LSP. Game of the weekend with all respect to Rocky Mountain Cup.
oh, youch! Good luck at the podiatrist's!
Gotta keep pushing, gotta find the things worth living for
No! I love Philly P, but no. And Randy says that every week about something, lol.
i think I found a new car today.... 2009 Ford Focus.
I think most people tweet off their phones...<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>
Yes it is.
will be giving away #FreeFuel5000 decals signed by #NASCAR drivers - & today!
Wednesday alerady? We'll take it! Happy #humpday everybody! Team #Bartab getting it done!
I entered so wish me luck! I could use some good luck lately. ;-)
RT : Today is #thirdwednesday! Eat delicious food and/or today and support at the same time!”
did u meet her on 106 & park?
Is this real life?
cool article, ill be looking forward to the ones that follow.
I'm certain that living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween.
printing to polka!!!
come on now lol, can't nobody bother me bout that no way haha
what do I need to nurture my process and turn my dreams into reality. 4 your 214 tweets
All jobs our age involve people, sadly :L Just be a gentleman lorl
Played with some great EQs about power when students read Roll of Thunder #sschat (Must find them!)
I get that it's only the NIT, but you have to be excited for next year after this run.
What's in eight ball? ": I'm wide awake like I just sniffed a eight ball. (have & never will try white)"
I hear you're riding around and getting it right now. Congrats!
LibGuides interface drives me mad! But I have used them for spec coll purposes. Happy to share.
hey monica! congratulations!
They're ads (a substantial part of how twitter pays for itself). You can block individual advertisers if you don't like them.
i love him way too much. is it to much to ask if i could mend your broken heart.
I feel your pain.
Thank you!<U+2665>
Webinar Social Advertising. Excellent focus on Sponsored Stories on Facebook.
lmao same thing happened to me on Milwaukee St and I had a thong on haha
oh no. hope you feel better soon and can get some rest.
Live by the tweets Die by the tweets
LAST NIGHT WAS SO MUCH FUN! I miss you, let's hang out soon! <3
Ugh! I agree! Almost as bad as the tea tree and chocolate I encountered yesterday! Coffee and eucalyptus.
RT : how long did it take the bring Trayvon's killer into custody? If socmedia wasn't on it, it probably never would've happened.
this class is called Information Literacy; it's supposed to be for general knowledge of tech/web; the gifs part was a bit much
Definitely! Email?RT : we've recently heard about your parlor series! we would love to do a little article about it! have time?
NSU, keep the ball. 10 seconds left. Nice shot by Missouri
Thanks for the #INAIDSWalk donation suggestion to your followers!
oh there's no show. He's just gonna be in Baltimore.
Law school? Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today, 11/3/11 from 6pm-8:30pm at UCLA’s Ackerman Grand Ballroom
I guess I'm glad I got all that out first.
Putting this out there: I love licking clit as much as sucking pole. But getting fucked it better than fingered, any day of the week.
Anyone dining out in Madison this weekend? Share with us by using #savorsouthmad! We'd love to hear about your experiences!
Since im like 5'10 these dudes tell me im not gone grow alot anymore , when i get 6 inches taller imma put my nuts in their face .
Very classy.
got it! Thanks pops!
Daytona traffic today is soo snobby. These old folk just arent amused by my lavish hand gestures and smirky toothy grins.
I'm calling this game what it is: Thunder shot the lights out.
SHUT UP! I always forget it's Ron Gant I got pissed @ for crashing his motorcycle, not Otis.
Hanging out with my dad today. Haven't done that in a long time.
So close to finishing Paramedic school, i can taste it... :) Nervous as much as i am excited...
God Bless and enjoy the holiday Dre!!
about to come over to wax that ass in NHL
Please Support my friend and fan :) he's a positive motivated cool guy! Hit him up ladies!
pointy boots
That's what we strive for. :) Keep in touch! RT : Feeling nostalgia. So many amazing memories during my 5-years here.
this breaks my heart.
#BitchISmellFabulous all I need is deodorant
its only monday and i'm already hoping youve given up on this week. whenever youre feelin down, stay down cuz youre a bitch.
GREAT! Taking the baby back to Exeter. C U this week or homecoming? I love reading your articles. I talk about U often.
Um....linkage!
I think I'll go to bed now
This weekend, Seven Stories Press will be at the NYC Anarchist Bookfair! Stop by, say hi, and pick up a book by Chomsky or Zinn!
your far :( I'm in 112
I would come...if you invited me since my parents ditched me!
Prepping Gaslamp condo for another monthly rental today...sure will miss my urban vacation rental!
Thanks, Paul!!
i <U+2665> Notehall.com
Thanks for kind wishes. Mainly I am learning about what awaits us if we're lucky: old age, hearing aids, Polident, push walkers
yeah I saw that. How was the premiere? How'd ya get tix??
ehhh only thing out here worth a delivery is usually pizza. Usually tip around $5.
since when did she have a twitter?!
Youcan peep it on iTunes, Napster, or Amazon.. the CD is called The Progression
digital photo manipulations, artwork, retouching, designs, photoshoots, and more we are the go to guys!
If I was your boyfriend I'd never let you go
Our Participation in Tex Trends 2012--video 2 - sarongs for women
"The quality of your life is the quality of your relationships."
I love you :)
Caught the Girl with the Dragon Tatoo last night. The credits alone deserve an academy award. Spellbinding thriller. Bravo David Fincher.
your new tattoo is cute. :3
doees anyone make stickers? get at us if you know anyone that does!
So excited for you, Michael!
Used to not be allowed In the building, but now we on the rooftops.
just geting up bout to head to greenville
Justin Biebers birthday tomorrow!!!!!! :)
Thanks so much! Happy to be here.
I wish! I am more just dreaming while looking at the snow!
Laughing by yourself... The best(x
Thomas Vrabec, on Craig St. He's fabulous, but close to retirement - don't know if he's taking new patients. DMing you his
Congratulations to the most improved golfers of 2011... Ladies: Debbie Banas, Ladies (9 hole): Jan Marrs and Men: Blake Young! Way to go!
If your success is not on your own terms, if it looks good to the world but does not feel good in your heart, it is not success at all. - QM
PROSECUTION: Def bound victim's wife, laid in wait for victim, fired four shots at him. Three shots missed, fourth his the victim in abdomen
do you think today is dusty last dayas the manager if the reds lose today or just the hitting coach?
was watching "Jeopardy" tonight and there were three gingers on the Teen Tournament. All bright and they were surprisingly pleasant.
I'll be here in pieces, When you finally pull the pin, And blow me away again Tie me down and fuck me up tonight.
Got everything done... Except homework lawlzlawlzlawlzlawlz
Your welcome!
I think you fail to realize that NO ONE CARES.
Yum! Can't wait to have one soon! cc
can u help me become an actor im real good
love it!
A4: Yes, you can – here are some ideas: Identify advocates who can speak on your behalf.
I want #phillies fans to follow!
RT : u need science class. Santorumdead on. have 2 save my energy to fight this blasted cancer
I wonder if you can tell how bad im hurting.:/
Pack what u think u need and take out 1/2! RT Just had a webinar with peeps. They haven't packed yet either.
Good morning world. Two days of reality before back to more chaos: moving! Looking forward to July to catch up on some things and rest! ;)
Dean of Humanities at UC Santa Cruz asks: when and how did we decide that job training is all there is?
Finished fiction inventory. So many "lost" books...sigh:( Why can't they lose my out of date nonfiction stuff? :)
- Yesterday Maria Pallante admitted U.S Copyright Office can't say how one is *supposed* to register e.g. a blog.
MT : NETWORKING TIP: Instead of being afraid to start conversation, how you are going to help other ppl feel more comfortable.
So is nurturing collaborative culture;a potential negative consequence to autonomy is isolation.We just have to balance
I think it's about time to bust out some long-sleeve polo shirts.
The only thing that ever sat it way to success is a hen. ~Sarah Brown
#AskAlexConstancio coolest thing you can do?
RT "Your Art Disgusts Me." More on Chicano art collective ASCO, just profiled on bit.ly/nJy68K
Web UI? Front-end? Visionary?
Well, half way done with today.
I said it last week, the Pacers frontline will dominate the Heat frontline.
He has no idea what's going on in Libya. It's over.
RT!!!! WE OUTCHEA!!!! JUS' LIKE THE INDIANS & WE ARE BORN IN AMERICA!!!! LOL
It usually means worse music, more khakis and polos, more goatees...But no real doctrinal difference.
Is Facebook's growth healthy? 1M members per day, if true, we could see 1/10th of the world using Facebook by middle way through 2010..!
love you too:) #cantwait!
Good morning! Thanks for all the love, everyone. Sorry, gonna be late w/ replies. Off to the #TennesseeRennesanceFestival w/J & school buds.
The Ex Race (n.): a race after you break up to be the first one to find someone new and be happy - first one to find someone wins.
had a blast getting things done for America at 's big sunday weekend with ! pictures coming soon.
We know it's hot out so we'll make you a deal. With the purchase of any sandwich, we'll give you a FREE DRINK to cool you off! Valid til 7pm
any ideas/units out there on dystopian/utopian societies that you'd like to share?
he was on the record opposed to Amendment 1 in NC. As was Bill Clinton. Romney was in favor of Amendment 1.
!!!!! RT Being born between 11 and 19 of April means you have gentler and added charitable motivations behind your actions.
If u sing u need a coach so visit www.thepremiervocalcoaches.com
. hit tweet limit guys! This is the operators!
DAMN I WANT SOME PIZZA
. I also note that Adam Rapp titles do not lend themselves to classroom-appropriate dioramas.
and hailing from Las Vegas, Nevada...BARRY O!!!
Seems like interest in Steve Ott is holding up progress on players like Paul Gaustad.
Playing at the new hotel TOMORROW night, 7pm in #WinchesterVA!
This day would not be complete without wishing a very Happy Birthday to one of my most favorite musicians, Stevie Wonder! Love you, Stevie!
Let us not be bound to this broken world.
My word document doesn't think "Bieber" is a word...
#WVU Alumni/Big XII Happy Hour today! 6:30pm, Jack Rose Dining Saloon in DC
Im so manish ooh I want him so bad
God, my husband has the most kissable lips.
A team (on the court or in the office) full of positive energy can accomplish anything.
Waking up in the morning is terrible !
*snort* I don't know.
Actually I think today was one of the worst days of my existence :(
“York University” is the fictional Ivy League school around which the plot of The Housesitter revolves!
Penn state ex coach should be kill
What time ?
You okay girl?
"DEFENSE" Double Check!!
where are you from?
Windsor Is Your Dogs Name
If you chose to "Like" the FB page, then you will get a notification on your feed everytime there is a new blog post. :-)
I mean in the #THATCamp WP install, I have 3 identies in there, 1 me, 1 me institution, 1 me #TCMNY, it's crazy in there
Kids With Type 2 Diabetes: Combo Treatment Best?
An old friend of mine is working on a new project, coming soon at dontdiewondering.com Bring your friends for a chance at free iPod!
"when businesses government and nonprofits come together for change the result is success" - Wallace White, African American Chamber
be genorous & FOLLOW ME PLEASE
Hi Diana, it is! Thanks for following.
yea dbags & dickheads start from a young age sadly ruins it for people with brains & manners
much be low on cash. They've already messaged me twice asking me to pay my bill that isn't due until next week
aw I approve. go get him! I request to play with him tho!
why is the library 1000 degrees right now?
Unacceptable Behaviors: frequent discussion of sexual acts and exploits
CHARANGA DEL VALLE (((TONIGHT))) @ Salsa Under the Stars!!!!
While everyone takes the psat I'm sitting here with like 4 other people in my class... fun
Really miss #BellingrathGardens at #Christmas time. Their lighting display is excellent.
": What if Niall got you pregnant? Your baby would be half unicorn." that baby would be a fucking god.
are you guys on Google+?
Tara, who was just on Sugarland's tour, is the best! Perfect personality for the job!
#WhyILoveYou because your words never come out right but I know what you're trying to say
W.beyondthescoreboard.net the was the reason why orton didn't remain the starting qb. That's who he'll take his revenge on
Nobodys perfect nobody's perfect aye aye but your perfect for me
Well hopefully its one of those 5 question quizzes that we already have the answers for lol.
omg EW, enough!!!
I'm great, just really hot haha. Wanted to say bc you seemed cool :-)
you acted as if you didn't even do anything. thats the only reason I was pissed enough to tell.
Thanks for sharing this quote. A good one for anyone thinking about starting an exercise program.
uh I have hair n makeup from like 11-1 so before or after that
and the <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD> will be so depressed he'll <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> himself and we won't have stupid geometry anymore and we'll be like <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
why is Demi so pretty?
Also! Tweet at us!! Not to yell at you...but we love to hear from our followers...if not just to respond snarkily. It really makes our day.
Palmetto Bay Council Member Howard Tendrich pushes 4 more documents 2 B Available 2 the public. Opinion? Mayor Stancyzk is resisting.
Thank you Hollywood for the follow.
uh oh, I guess I missed it :-(
Trey songs is sexy ass hell in this video im watch. I need this song now..
Umm, Do you think you can follow me?!!
oh my. were you dancing when that happened? are you okay???
Why are we yelling? :(
didja know you've got the most beautiful eyes? :)
where's the golf blog now? I miss it
i feel bad for my nigga would have like to see him and CP3 together..but do yo thing homie
Hail to the Redskins!
why is it so hard to program 2 universal remotes to the same garage door? arrgh.
The things you do when you're younger really does affect ur life as an adult. Don't be wreckless and ruin your body because u will regret it
No Jokee But Mr. Warren My Fav Teacher (:
no you go ion have school all week !
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If u don't step forward, you'll always be in the same place.
I love your twitter bio! Haha <U+2661>
The # most often cited reasons for getting a massage are relaxation (27%), relief of soreness, stiffness (13%), stress reduction (10%).
"That's high school makin me chase u round for months. Have an affair, act like an adult for once."
At a session on the #ecar report at
Do people really travel from other states to try a top quality steak? Shauna makes a trip to taste at 5A5 Steak Lounge Sun (7/18/10) @ 5:30
buy her a spa treatment!
I heard the gun shoots from the studio, My prayers go to the families... Wish the violence would end....
Going to the movies!! :D I <3 Fridays!
Funnel cake is actually carnie placenta
Naw I like mine, imma keep it forever lol
Also A Colorado Mahomie Here :)
Guests on ' panel are discussing ways to appeal to youth vote. Is there a difference between Romney & Obama for GenY?
Explains Terry Collins' comments.. oh wait. RT : Mets alderson...Says wright was coming out anyway (like david said)
Goodmorning Tweepers! Make the most of your day! Enjoy each moment...and revel in the small things that make everyday great!
Just got really excited for Summer and all the concerts and events we have planned!
Love watching the Biggest Loser. So inspiring! Go Brett!
Its early as hell and I feeling good as heaven.
Bend but don't brake...
"And life is worth the living just because He lives"
SO excited for the greatness of these girls! Follow them and you won't regret it!
if you are on Drupal 6, go to 7 which allows module updates via web interface if you don't have command line access for Drush.
yeah that's fine :)
I know real estate investors looking for apartment buildings or duplexes
woah 17 is crazy! okay unrelated Alex wants to talk to you. please call him at work
RT : raised $10,000 yesterday at their #SurvivaltoThrival event! It was a packed house---congrats!
Yea I'm balling Imma self made nigga why u think ur gf let me fuck on her for days nigga
Oh well I tried
Love love love my tattoo shop.. Inked up. Yahh
Anjelica Huston, what happened there? Uninteresting gay men? Karen's lame-ass bf?
You're right! Sharing the road benefits everyone. Thanks for your comments!
For the "no fees" airline, Southwest sure has found a lot of ways to charge for things that are normally free.
My little sister is so fat, she has been eating legit all day
I have to ask - what kinds of primary sources are you buying?
the smilin submarine sits in a pile a shit pointed straight at u wit lil wayne tied up on the deck screamin out ant poop!!!
Have a wonderful meal in DC! Good luck with quenching the seafood craving-- we hear crab legs are great for that. :)
O.J. Simpson vs. George Zimmerman...when "justice" means "just us!" A country born by the "race" sword will die by the "race" sword!!!
Thanks to for coming out and speaking this morning and big thanks to our sponsor
It's 730am and i can't drink a redbull to stay awake about to stick a fork into an outlet.
If verbally attacking someone simply because they do not have the same point of view as you makes you feel good... YOU are a
Hey sis! I'm in Tucson. How goes it?
i did, i liked them, hehe <3
Maybe I'll see you! RT : I'm very excited to get a tour of my dream marketing agency tomorrow!!
SALE ON MY WEBSITE!!! www.smirkclothing.com some styles as low as $15!!! hurry before they are gone for good!
Michael Jr was SO funny. Thanks Gateway Church in Southlake. Can't wait till he comes back Sept. 9th.
On my way to Chi-town yet again to take on another St Patti's with my Chicago homies. Let the celebration begin!
Is this the way a toy feels when its batteries run dry?
I try
Always luv Friday --- the 13th is just a scary bonus for this scary good week. Yeay, a cabernet mix is perfect for a parched throat. :)
Cory The Bike Fixer is going ORANGE! Stop by the shop to see what we mean!
The PD were going North of Stark.
and the doctors think my 9 yr (other) cousin has it :((((
failed math....atleast i passed everything else
I would like to try the text expander app, please! I love auditorium and will be using it at a conference this week.
Today as I got up and looked out the window. My neighbors kids were going through my mailbox.
Swbankapaplwndjdjdjfjriwowp......cannot breathe!!!!! Congrats Miami on winning the east....putting life savings on it
My Monday is less than spectacular because I have no idea who Jennifer Love Hewitt jerked off this week. C'mon
Almost done with Coughtry's homework, then onto my personal project. #legoo!
Is done with so many people right now.
Ryan envisions Grindhouse as a concerto for the orchestra - every section is featured.
So excited about and sitting by the pool! Great way to start memorial weekend
:( I'm still undecided!? I need a costume sponsor!
RT if you love to color
Some asshole wrote UN F*ck The World on my Fiat's rear window while I was away. A lovely welcome back :( At least my car needs a wash anyway
With the tying run at the plate and a runner on 2nd with two outs, a bunt isn't out of the question.
My red bull addiction is slowly surpassing my cigarette addiction
David, I'm going to mail some CD's today. Who should I address them to? And how many should I send?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3
you ate pizza? *un-friends*
oh. my. god. i think i would do damage to myself. i need sleep. i don't know how moms do it. one of the mysteries of the universe!
my brother is so in love with you singing
Saw on a machine gun kelly music video, gettin buck on stage and then crowd surfing haha
We do carry gluten free crusts as a healthy alternative!
wow guys. thanks for the invite
Today you must cut to the chase and ask for what you want in clear, concise, complimentary terms focused on the value to reader
Off to nyc, gym sesh wit then school
If it takes me forever ill make it happen
Hi sexy babydoll! How r u doing?
Why does Echo Lake smell like Brooklyn?
When you're in Portland Or. meet Michael of Michael's Italian Beef & Sausage Co.and golf a Robert Trent Jones course with me
keep the pics coming!
Actually he is one of our original guitarists. So he is not really new...
Nice swing! Didn't realize you were a south paw.
him and that things are gonna get more and more busy as he becomes bigger and goes further in his career. he's not always going to be (c)
A fresh start always sounds appealing. As mentioned in the article - just hope they're not abandoning their reputation
at one in the afternoon? nice!
A Few Issues are Delaying Us From Going LIVE... We Will Do Our Best To Keep You Updated...!
Indiana giving Miami the business
may I suggest an smartphone app to send a prayer? www.birdofprayer.org
I just signed up, thanks for the help (we'll need it)!
Follow me please? I'm Cuban too (:
so much that you couldn't leave. If you leave me, i'll find you and <U+E00D> you and then I would <U+E401>
u r a really great girl u r one of a kind =) i luv ya
Talking about vaginal fluids in class
Tweet Me... IM DYING!!!
mannequins ain't got shit on some of y'all.
Good morning....
Getting bombarded with shit during the last three weeks of school<<<<<<<<
Blade Runner...
match that
You picked one heck of a day for your first visit. RT First visit to
Go #Nuggets #BeatLA please please please.
Absolutely Kitten. We can do the testing in either miami or LA (it seems your in south beach right now). Give us a call !
of course u saw them 7 yrs ago. I'm so late to the game
Favorite line from current copy piece, "We even take gratuitous liberties when describing what we do." Can't wait to push this live.
That suff is so good! My son is 2 and I still use the body lotion and the body wash for him!
I support you very much!!! You tweet under what ever name you want!! I love reading your tweets.
Today is going to be a great day! Full of love, caring hearts and passion. Be strong in your faith and love openly with a caring heart.
did you see today's google doodle?
RT : Gonna be at Vamp tonight to support and #ItsOn "swag"
Just pushed play on the CD player in my daughters' room to wake them up. They are now starting their day to the Star Wars theme.
Business plan for 2012? Everything is free for a month! We take all the risk and show you results. 803-753-8833 or email
It was a pleasure meeting Bryan today from another great LoDo business, Margs Taco Bistro! Check them out for a great lunch or evening out!
off to learn about prize philanthropy... does it have the many wondrous applications that proponents claim?
now that dance is over, i dont know what to do with my life. -___-
Exactly! "I know something you do not know..."
I can't. That V word makes me gag
happy birthday Avery...hope it is everything u wanted it to be!
hopefully not rain
during DRIVE TIME, switched lanes on Irving Park. like a boss.
Just had stinky soft cheese and half a baguette for dinner. And a half bottle of Red. Getting Ready for Europe this summer!
21 NIC Sentinel staffers are headed to New York for the CMA convention.
Skippin that class was a great idea :)
For more on cost effective online research, see Svengalis.
I understand where you're coming from, that's exactly what they are, and we're going into triple overtime now!!!
Terrance Jones is my least favorite player of all time. Without a doubt
I actually tried to find out what kind of tomato seeds they were too to no avail. Not sure what NYers are gonna do with them...
Nah you latina rep that RT : My school is mostly black, most of my friends are black, my boyfriend is black... I am black! <U+270A>
we don't sweat. we glisten.
Close Encounters of the #GreatBoobs - by Steven Spielboobs
Congrats on doing the #BlogHer12 panel, babe! You know I'll be there!
It's a utility web who's who with , , and others whose Twitter handles I don't know.
what happened to you bro?
I hope you like my website! Enjoy khatee! <3
Thank you, Mo. I'll make sure to pass the card down to you once you're done with the diss.
Was it Doc Holiday? That guy is awesome. Not the Wyatt Urp one, but the one in Berry Hill.
Outie 4 2 Day G.F.B. Damage Mode 414.Its Problems Bitch.M.P.
first class is also tech. a slower service. anything under 13oz. can go 1st class, so in some weird cases, yes it is cheaper
I would never have guessed that from his music.
hello? Are you alive?
i actually had fun in dance today
#ag action will create template to deal with #foreclosures. Chris Mayer
Now I want a frappe -.-
same 2 you bra
That may be true, but a tough sell when many people can't guarantee $ in their accounts when it comes due. I never do auto-pay.
I'll be djing at club Sirius tonight downtown SA! No cover 21+ welcome. Amazing drink and shot specials! Don't miss out!
Marlins stadium looks raw af
will you be at kenilworth later?
- The contact is - They are distributing through Beechwood I believe and will be based out of Brookfield?
Apologies for the WiFi issue. Were you able to connect at all? We strive to be better and want to make every customer happy!
Excited for hookah tonight in honor of my baby daddy wwooooooop
wow that's not rude or anything....
At the same time, we knew about people's infatuation before we signed up. Felt the same way about the service.
.2004 laptop finally gave up the ghost but before I was able to put content in dome cloud. MicroCenter to the rescue. New casing. for drive.
dates aren't firm yet but actually shooting for that week in may. Will let you (both) know.
#Madonna also discussed having sex w/ Dennis Rodman. You're welcome, everyone's mind's eye!
It's a sea of green #St_Patrick's_day
Yes, I know what you are saying! Bahaha
If you r living #Israel "lifestyle": gan, army, chuppah, mishpacha & so on, tell us how u think it compares 2other countries.
Hugs to you!
Yesterday, 2 girls asked me a ? about where 2 find a book in the library. It wasn't the library I work at. Just my local publib.....
just ordered sniper elite v2... can't wait
I wonder why doesn't have a stop at the Philadelphia Zoo. I can see the entrance from here.
could have been worse...ie a guy in front of u without underwear!
oh please, like that's to make me wear those god awful orange and blue colors.
I DO. Austin, i pray for you see this tweet. Is my dream! Please reply me or give me a signal. PLEASE <3.
Work smart not harder
Paul George Harrison.
lmao just joined this thing Don't know what the hell I'm doing
I can't fucking wait to have my own place.
Orange Crush, Have a Crush on me. ;)
sounds like a lyric!
Hi new friends! Thanks for the follows! I don't send out "canned DM's" or mentions...so, thanks for the follow!
Last minute road trip to Boston for the 116th Boston Marathon? We still have a few rooms available - just 0.2 miles from the finish line...
Hi hi hi <3
This dude spits when he talks,I have to take two steps back to not get hit. Lol unbelievable
#Its2012WhyYouStill why use u own eyebrows cut em off and draw them on -->> some of yall females mentality -___-
Yeah, I even picked 2 day shipping because I was nervous so it REALLY should have shipped by now...
Good lookin out, thank u
Speaker says "face the fact, our Hispanic pop has grown." She says new services are needed.
“: Somebody should call and talk me 2 sleep... LIKE NOW :/”<U+260E>
Thank you beloved... me too :(
#MontaEllis is an assassin
- we are all products of our #expectations, not just our #environments. #ounceluncheon #ele #education #equity #99%
Retweet If you want Justin Bieber or Selena Gomez to follow you !! <3
yea they were easy i got this ill come up with a better one
you got an iPhone, I'm sure you can figure it out.
I'll Be Back In The M Tommorow Hit Me Up Im Making Moves - BAM!!!
In Music Meeting Arctic Monkeys “My Propeller” Not the most interesting thing they ever submitted, it’ll take another listen or 2
This makes 4 times that either myself or my partner have told a fellow Texan that we're vegetarian, & they ask: "Well do you eat chicken?"
Let's get it Orioles
Patriots need to stop with the sob story though..
have a great day Nick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Hearing lots of #Denver #Jazz gossip around tonight. Not bad gossip, just a lot fans w/ a lot of ideas.
I hate a girl paying for me but when your in a 50 50 relationship thats how it goes one person shouldnt haft to pay for everything....
OUR BIRTHDAYS ARE SOON!!:) <3
follow me back please<33
Storm coming
though in *principle,* I do agree--for certain types of digital objects, not all.
very excited!!!!!
Hey it's BK, Iron Maiden bassist Steve Harris celebrates 55th B-Day today. What is your favorite Iron Maiden album?
RT : Tonights Culturally Inspired Pig Roast visit the Pacific-Asian Islands of the Philippines
Hm...Seesmic lets you see the link trail in a new window-let. I really like it for the most part.
You, too!
Annie's in the crowd
please follow me <3 u are sweet :)
who climbs over stalls like 1st graders? obviously us.
may actually be experiencing the worlds first flip-flop related injury.
You seem suspicious...
Each strives to be the other, and both together make up one whole
-L yeah bro! Come Fri. night or early Sat. Expecting 1/2 million peeps. Hit ya up later to talk more!
Put your hands in the sky right now now now now now :)
have a great night =)
He ain't the one.
1 wk w the new iPhone I've deleted any apps whose icons didn't look great on the retina display
"I'll Have Another"! Couldnt be a more perfect winner on cinco de mayo!
Working with our customers over the phone or via email, they strive to make each customer a case study
Question (maybe has answer?) is there a software out there that aggregates data/influence for a group of twitter handles?
Hell. Halloween. Shit if I know. Usually too cold and wet for me to care.
why did I just think it said * holy grammar ken
We got some technical and implemtentation consultant positions at Best place to grow a long term career!
I can't wait!!!! So excited. I haven't gotten my book yet! I'm beyond impatient lol.
no way. “: Let's be honest here, fake dive bars > real dive bars .”
BizCocoon loves #coworking spaces in #NYC, have you heard about the ?
Really wonderful camaraderie among these athletes. I'm excited for this team.
its nice that people are enjoying they life and are happy
glad I can help a fellow grinder even if you are in a different ABI league
Had fun skyping with #FLAcon2012 just now, spreading the #librarianscode and #fairuse gospel. Thanks for inviting me!
Sorry to miss the at this afternoon. Miss his infectious energy.
Everyone please go follow he will #FollowBack 9
DID IT
He getting up on all the "ghetto" music...(In His Words) lol
CBGB Festival? I'm so in there.
thx for your tweet. :)
Was referred to your YouTube page by Who The Bleep Is Dennis Bover. Great stuff. I'll be tuning in from now on.
I really think my toe is going to fall off. Yes, the entire toe.
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells
like the cafeteria.. or somewhere away from these fags.
#TrickOrTreaterCount 6 + a complement on my landscaping. (Incentive to open the door for the next group)
#innerbeauty all day baby!!! No one is ugly if u have a beautiful personality :)
It's just my luck :/
Felizidadeshappy mothers day Abuela. Te estraño. My eyes still get watery for you. Love you. R.I.P
Hat Day tomoorw! Donate $1 to our PFO to wear a hat for the day!
What's up with Kelly O's hair?! It looks gray!
Hello Ms Lady! I'd like to make a cake for you. Can you please make some time for me? LOL
Love the "I wanna fly" tune in the commericals.
Taking my first flying lesson...
I got replies about the cable. Just wanted to make sure it wasn't only me. My internet is Frontier, so no problems there.
notin at all homey. It's still freakin cold here! I see y'all still runnin tings allova Europe
both are good, but I'd go with the beef. :-)
"Tolerance becomes a crime when applied to evil and injustice." Thomas Mann 1875-1955
Ikea Emeryville adventure with my sister on Sunday--great having family live nearby now! Weekend fun!
No one understands
Instant gratification is not always good when it cost Americans jobs. Red box videos is a prime example.
the entire Spanish-speaking community is now going to hate you for butchering our language. What's the book on?
Watch out for all those Mister Disasters tonight! Dang creepers stop blowing up our phones.. ;)
Immature is a word used by boring people to describe fun people
a week and a half ago.. my baby ( #TAHOE) got hit by a drunk driver and i get it back tomorrow!!!!!! #HAPPYTWEET!
Yes ma'am and thank you I forgot to give u a happy bday how was it? “: I love your avi !!! Did u get a new do?!”
Using hootsuite for fb makes me nervous, on newsfeed can click 'block all from hootsuite' and remove many companies at once
I've been trying to get a second job too, are they hiring ?
I now have TX tags. *cries*
Generating leads online for dummies - Beginner internet marketing -great free video training bit.ly/bvxhig
Whoa...had fun last night:)
Happy Friday!
He looks so much better. A woman would've bought a ton of smaller sizes (even when she still can't fit em).
kira has no life n shes a twitter whore
Shake your groove thing and get the workout of the century - Disco Sculpt 8:00am tomorrow
we have you covered. Check in at the check in table. Ticket will be under Allison Young. See you there!
Congrats to the Hamilton College Continentals on winning the #nescac mens hockey season. Good luck in the playoffs
Nowak: "We, together, decided to conclude this trade"
#Parnell,s a monster though
that's funny
GOOD LUCK! and have a blast....best wishes! ;) *wink *wink
I am tempted to cut my hair real short again. (via ) glad I don't do that... I'd b all outta luck
Wow love thia tweet! We are happy to follow you. RT : So excited to have following me. Know that the combination...
Lmao everybody joking n laughing doing the fave movies #tt this nigga steady complaining man everybody naming the same movies man
Hit up Don's Fish & Chips for me.
a girl can be nice to a point you fuck wit her man and her money she gone flip her wig
My son just told me two lady gaga jokes. Kid is hi-larious
oohhhhhh I'm telling!!!!
All fans who purchased game tickets & Locos Bucks for Oct. 22 & 27 games can call 702.877.LOCO for a full refund.
I sent the deal on to Jeff. He said 4 other people had already emailed it to him!
Boston Sports Club - Back Bay area is nice. Cute guys, nice amenities.
So jealous of this!
Thanks for your support! RT : Congrats on #SmallBiz nomination! Hope you all win.
Jeebus. Here we go with Reagan. Again.
racist!! Can I come over later? Do you have a bedtime that I have to make? I'll bring cookies :)
the resulting record label you start must be called POT OF GOLD! save a doubloon for me.
What up Mari!!! We gotta Party it up again! Come to So Cal!! RT xoxo...
#ppandf2 THIS SATURDAY !!!!!!
Looks like Famous Daves for dinner.
We spied a curious-looking nestbox with an inscription that read "Tweet & ye shall be re-tweeted".
Anyone going to tonight??
Love it ": The heat in Miami is intolerable!"
Going to Sandi Ego!(:
I love you I hate you
God Bless America!!! #remember 9-11
Dang It! I Forgot My Tumblr Password!
I'm not lol!
All The Way!
have you met paramore before? I know random, but I saw a tweet of yours...
NO! So sad, but #GHAP and you handled yourself so well. Well done, good and faithful servant.
School is hell to me. :(
But it was not your fault but mine And it was your heart on the line I really fucked it up this time Didn't I, my dear?
'take yourself a picture when I'm standin at the mound and I swear it's goin down . I'm just reppin for my town' <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
812! :D Almost done this scene! One more 20 maybe should do it!
Always be calm & clever !!!
#tendaysoffisjustwhatthedoctorordered missing the work people tho!
we do a kindergarten screening, helps us even out classes.
Smart ass move by Barbosa to stop that dumb ass fast break block move of Lebron's.
Last time #FLAPanthers won a playoff game: Clinton was president, Marlins hadn't won a World Series, Marino was Dolphins QB... Overdue, no?
love the creativity here. Nice call on Mazzei as well.
Great ideas, love the sponsorship to Learning 2.0 also. Thanks for your feedback!
Who is the best foreign band you have ever heard?
The selfie button is the best invention ever
You got me fucked up ..
"We should all look at the man or the woman in the mirror and change the way we treat each other..." Thank you, Michael.
There are now hundreds of base organization & business listings in the Foster.ly directory.
Thanks for the retweet. How did I miss that you had joined AIIM? Great hrie for them, and I hope you are enjoying your new role!
"Many free countries have lost their liberty; and ours may lose hers . ." 12/20/1839 from Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
Tonight in the Twin Cities -- and the ... Keep an eye out friends!
“: Are liberals more open to evidence & reason than conservatives?" <YES. Consrvs r biased agnst change & use Faith based "thinking".
thanks for the follow :)
eating with
I want a real life where that happens.
#nevertrustagirl with a gun and a guy that broke her heart. It'll just turn into something weird and cruel
he's filming his show.
I miss making hockey inside jokes with you guys. Goddamnit.
NEWT? Oh yeah There's a fresh face who is not part of the political establishment in Washington..He just screams wholesome apple pie values
What i just told chasidy >>>>> lmao
Matthew . . . whoosh. There goes the time.
Who's the luckiest husbeast ever? This guy. Was gently roused from sleep by bringing pancakes and coffee... in bed!
They are forever stamps. Yeah, it seems super sketchy.
GM! What a beautiful day! Thank you Jesus !
no thank you!!
Can you (or any roommates, friends, etc) recommend a mechanic in Hollywood? My car is dead. Towing it back from Anaheim right now
#JustForToday Using Latin phrases to sound smart is my modus operandi.
lol! Oh, they get bigger. And you should see the camel spiders in Iraq!! Sweet Jesus! They get BIG!!
Our PLT. Sgt. Still has not given us our PCS orders yet, so I have no idea where the Army will send me next month. Fort Bliss, TX maybe?
im in love wit u. Wish i cud meet u so i cud tell u in person <3 ;)
It don' matter if you black or white!! MJ
You sure know the way to a gal's heart!
Just because you miss someone doesn't mean they belong in your life.
Happy New Year! Let's make that resolution of a better relationship with your dog become reality!
Zimmerman, like you, is innocent until proven guilty. Lynching is illegal in America.
John Brick, CO Alliance for Immigration Reform, now testifying against ASSET bill. Keeps saying "illegal aliens."
I think I'll go ahead and you this pinterest invite.
Dnt try to cum back around when u fuck up something gud wit a person that had they shit 2gether 4 a person who dnt & not even gettin a check
NOW EVERYBODY FROM THE 313 *slim shady voice*
ah yeah my bad
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one. Elbert Hubbard
Hello!:)How are you?
gathering scripts for teens tv and film class for Got any good ones?!
No! And dont listen to my brother he is an idiot
My phone is still getting fixed. Hit me up on my Face Book.
Why would he Retweet her????
RT“ "I'm not like most girls" - Most Girls”
t-shirt bogdanovich.
#doUremember the 1st time U took a bite out of a burger Fresh off a long diet?
Say we on a
FREE Now bitches!!
Today should be the day we finalize our New Year resolutions. You know, so we're prepared. What's yours??
just got back from lifting, getting buff and taking names ya'll know how i do
Nice to meet you! You are welcome...
no fucks are given
So what if I'm watching season two trying to catch up? It's still
#OnThisDay in 1861, the Union army suffered their first casualties, as the 6th Massachusetts was attacked by a rioting mob in Baltimore
DEM BULLZ GOIN OFF ON LA
Fascinating evolution. Local government buying some of our ad inventory. Using as their digital media agency.
I've always been partial to changing up my appearance. I had low self esteem about my looks so I changed it.
Think there's 2 much negativity on news? Well, 2night a cute/heartwarming story for you about two veterans (one with 3 legs) reunited
Storage Wars YUP Ashamed to admit that
#3words Not looking back.
Is at the Rathskeller learning about Globus tours and Avalon river cruises.
Powerball tickets in hand. Come on numbers!
Name a movie that describes the relationship you want? The Lucky One
Man I need someone to text I'm.not getting enough attention
Brooklyn Girl is the place to be tonight! . is serving his famous #bestfriedchickenever tonight.
I sleep well when the lakers, Yankees, and cowboys loose.
Twitter is not a diary
Fun. I love emergency flights. Wee...
no YOU da best<U+2764> Andre is retarted
So im looking at the most beautifullest man ever #camnewton baby
Thank you all for supporting me and showing me Luv just by following! :)
enjoy all the big, paid for, mansions on your way!!
Beautiful liner notes for "Twelve" by Howard Mandel !!!!
i mispelled your username and tweeted the wrong person lol
So mrs. Obama is going to be on iCarly. I don't remember seeing any other 1st ladys anywhere on tv before...
Tuesday NIght in DENVER Masterpiece Ballroom <3 BEDROCK SexIest Local ARTSIT up and coming <3
I'm the same way!! He's afraid I'm gonna bring home another animal every week! Lol
Chris Brown - I Needed You <3
Yes! The Country Network is working again!
All 3 defensive backs that were taken in the first round are from the SEC
Because ADD is awesome.
Live like SPONGEBOB. Laugh out loud all day without any reason & annoy the mean people with your happiness.
"American Masters: The King of Late Night" about Johnny Carson was on earlier & I missed it, good on PBS for replaying it at 1 AM PST
It's Wednesday that means another staff meeting!!! We are working on some really amazing things for #AnacostiaDC!
Come on butler!!
of course, I'll DM you my info
Well that's true.
Trance Trance Trance Trance Trance
I'd agree with that!
I'm late to the #Pinterest party but now can
me too. Were u singing Zombie in ur head while watching? I was. Haha :D
Every netbook I've used (5 or 6 models) has multiple USB ports. Doubtful any version of Photoshop would run on any of them.
Listening to the old school jb!!! #JonasBrothers!!
It is AWESOME! Congrats !!!!!
roller rink later with my daughter, Abagail. and with her daddy :-)
Be yourself!!!
Thanks for following us back!
OMG!!! Steve!! She replied to you!!!! Awesome!!
One two Freddy's coming for you.Three four better lock your door.Five,six,grab your crucifix.Seven, eight,gonna stay up late.Nine,ten,
Tryna figure out when will bein NYC on myspace... yall needa website also wtf is the new myspace layout, thats not what I used
Can you smell the Holidays approaching? Close your eyes n step outside n feel the wind surround you like a warm hug that is happy to see you
#shoutout to all my nonfollowers and unfollowers..... I see you stop asking for a followback just to unfollow a few days later.
I feel like I'm a kid again. Living in a homestay, I have a new mom, dad, and sister, and have to be home for dinner each night by 18:30.
We have an opportunity to embrace the changing world to get more of these types of jobs here
#VHP doesn't seek out interviewees; relies on the public to participate. Balances data vs untrained interviewers
Is ready to do nothing this weekend but relax! (and work on her video)
How do, or would you recommend keeping up w/ daily tasks, or projects your working on to be more efficient w/ your time?
So bored!! Chillin at my gma house, got dignosed with bronicitus... so took some meds and coughing.. nothing good on tv.. this sucks
Just handed the gavel to our new chair Tara Murray ! It's going to be a great year!
^tlTonights another Hot One @ Cup of Joe, that's right the Art of Conversation, Poetry at it's best, don't miss another hot show by E THE...
Our daughter's uncle brought over a VCR tape of her when she was little. Now I have to find out who can convert it to DVD.
TWEET ME N ANY PORN STAR YOU THINK WOULD BE HOT SCENE TO DO TOGETHER TELL ME DETS WAT YAL WANT TO SEE I'M DWN IS DEY RT RT RT
Understand Me
yea I remember that Dave...we thought his coach was a genius and they went on to win a couple of back to back state championships
#FF my bro
why we in a level 2 lockdown . o.O
“I like thinking big. If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.” – Donald Trump
If they can develop convenient amnesia regarding 2000-2008, they can forget ANYTHING.
“: Second sighting of the week at Warners party” // umm Sir Paul!?!?
Happy Birthday Taylor ! xD
knucklehead is one of the best movies ive ever watched. hilarious
There was on Sheriff F1. They Freeway squad ch (Sheriff Primary Dispatch)
#edchat ~you can have teachers W great intentions but if the system is flawed~& its is~the outcome will not change
oh go home
Just brushing up on my DDR skills.
There is more info on CA Customer Experience Mgr on IBM's partner site than there is on CA's own website. not kidding.
i know a good lawyer.
#NNS1yr suggested everyone following this hashtag follow
love the product. Make sure your mobile site it activated...
Nothing says Saturday like working while having a nice brewski and watching Rick Steves.
Shane was hotter! And maybe she knows the baby is his.
SERIES FINALE of #OTH tonight at 8 on CW20. What will you miss the most?
Guys stop , Austin is getting his pizza. Cool your meezies down (;
Thanks for following me! Hope you enjoy my art
I hope I can stay awake until #Thrones tonight
Me and tweet in school. Cause we're just that fucking hard.
AH #IFEELGOOD NICE HOT BATH FEELS GOD :)
<-- best thing i ever had <3
did i miss justin bieber or something :(
just love ohio flies by thanks so much Peach!
Being a Carolinian myself, here's an insightful post from follower friend It gets you thinking.
Workin on some new ish tonight
it doesn't. it's a necessary evil, unfortunately. good for you for getting started early.
Ouch! All I could think of after that near accident: Dad has a bike! And Dad knows as much about A&P as you.
Finished early- thankful Monday played nice. Hubby home, he took over the kitchen...I love that about him. <U+2665>
lik that tweet loll
More chances for a FREE rental coming soon.....Stay tuned!
I'm good!! What about you? :)
First of five shows begins in less than 6 hours!
bring montay back for the show
Commissioners speaking to a resolution honoring Addie Wyatt, fierce, pioneering Black lady in labor. Long list of accolades...
“: I miss being a kid. No one cares how you dresses, we were all friends, and you could be yourself.”
I'm disappointed in ma manz t.r.u.s.t dukez cuz he showed no luv on ma bday but itz all gravy no luv lost!
THE City, man, THE City. Baghdad by the Bay. San Francisco.
Veterans in Communities will have a FREE grill out for students and staff TODAY from 11am-1pm in Quad or Theatre (if rain).
Yipes! That isn't supposed to do that, pretty sure.
Third trend is Identity Management - This includes name disambiguation, but also includes access authentication and crowdsourcing
If you have 1.3 spare seconds. Tell a friend about MLTM. They will thank you later. ;)
so crazy how I can't eat any food a city is famous for ever again.
I could do without hearing "better bang for your buck" ever again.
Mfckrs be lying for no damn reason at all.
A couple of folks have asked about this: all TILTS DH events are free to the public, no registration required!
there's zero chance that fight isn't Pay Per View. Zero.
Now following---> :)
Yay us! RT : Holy Moly. My and 's book chapter proposal got accepted! I'm so pumped!
My grandpa watches the Brewers and reads about them in the paper, but his mind is going a bit. Calls YuniB Yuni Betanhoff. He likes him alot
Happy birthday Miranda !!
gonna piss that puppy out
Nothing's better than a day of fishing
Stewart just stomped that guy, and shushed the crowd!
Agreed! Happy Anniversary from and too!! RT : Happy 1st anniversary to !!
I totally just took a nap. shh
how did you know?? Seriously I think he was.
Js Taxi- ride in a clean cab for less.Negotiate your rate on some trips. Call for details. (916)501-8171 Sacramento area only.
I guess I've finally grown tired of only reading books no one else has even heard of. :)
Hey Seattle - today is our fav day - #WineWednesday! $10 off all bottles tonight plus live flamenco guitar!
Especially when people stop you and ask your desk height :) : Yes! " It is simply impossible to concentrate right now."
which Weeknd joint(s)?
#GhettoSuperstitions " My shitty car looks good if I put expensive rims on it"
I am starting optional "Tech in 10 Tuesday" 10 min sessions with faculty this year from 3:30-3:40 ~ what are best tools for pre-k-8?
My aunt just informed me celibacy is wrong.
hopefully you're not as much of a wuss as some girl I used to know. She would freak out so much when there was thunderstorms lol
It's Safety Week at Kleen Test Products!
Nice day for an interview on the rooftop w/ Cherie Nelson
Uh oh there's a hash tag
Haha Y U SO SUCK!? ALL TIME.
I also don't hate LeBron, I hate his decision to leave my team. Therefore, I don't wish him well. Plain and simple.
diggin that rogue stuff! :-)
Drinking isn't my thing either BUT there is the Detroit Symphony Orchestra and the Detroit Institute of Arts :)
Me too! I hope they look cool!! We should have lunch to discuss. Haha.
It's really funny!
When the hell did their become so many damn social media sites?
this aint bout sex with yu i just love the thought of being next to yu
Never fear, my dear, it'd never happen here!
System Test. Sorry for the inconvenience...
Looking for pandora/last.fm music streamers to answer a few questions tomorrow for my job. Let me know if you are interested
Ima call this one a wrap.
En effet. I blame my American work ethic for seeking excuses to seek beauty & balconies & crepes. Ca y est! CDG here I come.
oh I'm excited to watch. Shhh don't ruin it for me!
Calling for Chip Kelly's head?
#thx4following - have a great #weekend!
U cannot do yoga.Yoga is your natural state.What u can do r yoga exercises, which may reveal to you where you r resisting your natural state
Seeing a porn star in real life is kind of like seeing a movie star. But different.
How much is a boat load? I guess it depends on the boat?
Damn, the Thunder have had 13 turnovers??
Lions management needs to invest in some anger management classes for Suh!
Just went to see #Bully with Deviance and Crim students, where we all cried our faces off. So troubling.
I have no where to rant anymore. Maybe I'll make another twitter for that.
What a week! Going to unwind with a big ol' beer and the series finale of my favorite show, #MONK!
Im so lucky to have friends that are there for me when im down. Oh wait, I don't! Haha.
Celebrating the Nature Conservancy of Canada&#39;s Golden Anniversary
I thought i told ya, imma star.
Laughing at something so hard that you cry even though it's not even that funny...
wutup natasha! No, not on this tour. Next one for sure!!
Heading to Los Angeles to attend "Dances with Films" festival- "SCALENE", Sat, June 4, 9:30pm. Starring Margo Martindale, I play ex-husband
These GOP candidates are ridiculous. I cant WAIT 2 watch #Obama wipe the floor w/ any of them, no matter the winner.
"how was ur dinner?" "good, I finished everything but the vegetables." "story of my life!"
Gay ghetto moment: saying "imma cut ya" and clawing like a kitty
looking forward to her joining!
Listening to Ed Dale talk about this year's 30 Day Challenge and "pre-season"
Lol, gurl I be in my zone! I can't sit still when Bobby Brown comes on!!!
just saw your tweet - got lost in the flurry after the tbbj article
Anyone else going to tonight?
6 buses and 2 trains later, I KNOW WHERE I AM woo
just go away please
thank you for a great game, great atmosphere, and great win last night!
I know! its also the #1 song on itunes right now so its not the least bit creative. but can't help it im a sucker for catchy tunes!
Happy 2 years, GREG MIKE I am sick as a dog but great job!
Thankful for another work day!
Oh, but if they lose, I SINCEREly hope a certain someone is ready for me to cash in on that bet!
but thanks you again for your tweets!
Cousin You Okay?
Carol...D=
have a nice day!
David, are you in the Cape?
so true - WOW was just discussed on RT : Some people lie so much they begin to believe their own bullshit
Star Trek: The Motion Picture is about a half hour of story packed into 2 hours of 1979's brand new special effects.
Fast Forward
Sunday's event at John's house has been cancelled. Stay tuned for more songwriting workshops coming soon. C U tonight at Gypsy!
Passed out with my music playing >>>
I'm testing out a theory. What is your favourite fruit, and what month were you born in?
hayy girl! hope your doing well!
Thoroughly enjoyed Don 2 in a Los Angeles Theater last night.
Step by step the ladder is ascended. -George Herbert
"Have you ever been to the kitty-cat thrift store? Oh, this is way more important than CSS."
How not to impress me on a date: use the term "factory farms."
how wonderfully devious;) you're like a twitter ninja!!
For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
I love your boxer image...looking forward to see the type.
You in Durham now?
Lessons learned about elephants: they are punctual and fast creatures.
sample of diverse audience discussing #Tebow. Rarely seen athlete cross over so quick
Context Objects: Embedded/ Latent Allowing Citations As Needed To Html
RT Who's the "highest-testing character" on any of NBC's shows this season? The monkey in a sitcom called "Animal Practice."
lol send me some money
I DON'T HIT FEMALES BUT I SWEAR IF I HAVE TO I'LL KNOCK A BITCH THE FUCK REAL FAST TOO!! Ctfu
congrats on your engagement!!
Monkey Knife Fight Pale Ale for lunch @ rubicon brewing co. I just like to say the name...good #beer too.
Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you
Enjoying all the great food for the #Tasteofspring food festival.
Sometimes the difference between making it safely across the street and getting struck by a vehicle lies in a light hop run-step
yes ma'am!
i slept till 2:30 today. it felt so nice
New AB3 contest a hit with surfers: SURF SPECTACLE: Sandy Bay surfer Patxi Scott-Arrieta was one of the standout surfers at the Ocean...
You're not the only one.
"God is so good to me.....I'm truly favored and highly blessed...." - Loretta Divine
You guys were incredible! Thanks for bringing your cowboy talents to GLOE!
I really love the site i use for getting likes and follows to my social network pages. its on my profile
Thinking about getting physical...
I love your mom !
New working title for band: Fat Elvis. ps - anyone want to join a band?
has THE best deals on ink! I just saved 75% over Staples!!
what time is movie night???
OK world, today was unexpectedly good. Let's see if I can build on the goodwill I got at work today and make Friday good too. Now to sleep.
Went to sleep at 4am why am I up?
Going to the beach today with friends. :-)
RT I have so much energy right now I just want to blast arabic music and dance all over the house lol
How about Pete Campbell getting busted up by the old brit Lane Pryce? This is how we settle disputes after MEB camps too
Cowboys are definitely one of the most popular and recognizable teams, particularly in Mexico. Steelers up there too.
I'm excited to graduate but sad because I'm friends with so many underclassmen. All the more reason to visit next year! :P
where did u find the pic at?
Lol everything is all good
..these are great
Kids should sit in their assigned seats. Period.
Slipping to the dark side... Watching Never Say Never and I'm actually entertained.
When u cant get out of a class were u dont no anyone & theres 22574027 group projects
Implementing global despair protocols
Ready to kick off season? Stop by #RIT Simone Plaza this Thursday, 10:45-11:30 am, for the E-Dragster Race preview.
i need a new phone.
Good: found a cool new website: brainpickings. Bad: found it cuz student plagiarized from it.
Did the #163jumper jump? Is he dead? I want to justify this traffic. #callousbutisodon'tcare
I need to get to bed. The alarm goes off in 4 hours 13 minutes ...
There's nthing drkr & more twisted than a teenage girl, except mb one who's a cheerleader. Reagan Arthur on Abbott's Dare Me.
Halfway through yogato challenge.
Hey guys! We're looking for someone who could help out with a website of ours. It's configured with Drupal. Any takers?
well try and have some fun and dont let the ratchet people prevent you from having fun
thanks for the follow keep it green, bean.
RT Giancarlo Stanton extends his hit streak to 10 games with a 2-run HR in the 4th. May have been a broken bat HR.
my keyboard squeeks
What a beautiful day, we have a great view from #OAG Come bowl, and take a movie while you're here too!
waz up , thanks for following me ....
Lets go!! I'm your warrior dash DJ tomorrow! Come find me on the main stage and I'll give u a CD!
Just got the new album. Someone want to play some cymbals for me tonight?-- I want to stay home and listen to this on repeat.
My first name is Ana-Jamileh. I have NO middle name.
don't u just feel like crying
Justin biebers birthday :) !!!!!!!!
What's with Twitter? 1 comment from 1 hour ago and then it jumps back to 8:29PM March 9. WTF?
hope to see you tonight at USC's Bovard Auditorium for my album release concert to benefit Egypt!
Are the existing locations at The Corner and University Blvd. not connected?
Eek! "TnT:SVU"... the thought makes me cringe a little.
Awe, thanks Amber!(: I'm always here for you!
Knicks better beat the Clippers.
Hanging with tonight, grabbing a quick dinner and checking out the against the at MSG!!
Pissed the fuck off. . .? Yeah pretty much
Yeah, that's my mistake. Amelie Mancini. Yoiks.
Just starting #carlsononthelaw on
It is my pleasure to announce we have have a new cast member! Danny is about to become a huge freaking star, y'all!!!
that's kind of how it is, you know? :)
Times like this i wish i could sing.
Lol yeaa #texasweather it will only stay like this for like one more day! Lol
this theoretical "new office" would be a great place for a sweet amp. I sold my electric and my bass is at work. //
I'm listening to the Lily Pond Orchestra track "Invisible Oceans". A gentle, pleasing track.
RT : Lorenz Hart - lyricist half of Rodgers and Hart. Wrote My Funny Valentine was born this day in 1895
Please tell me why you care so much??? I just would punch him in the face!!!
Where good
Today in Blues History: The Memphis Jug Band recorded “Insane Crazy Blues” November 7, 1930, in Memphis, Tennessee, for the OK label.
my bad homie, I was in a loud place!
whats wrong with me?
dear earth, hope u feel better soon.
It would be cheaper to just throw a whole salad onstage.
Yeah! Up by 35# from my last 1 RM! Thanks.
I'm bout life bitches
Back in Cincinnati gotta work
if you're not busy this saturday, we'd love to see you at soma again <3
I want to but idk hbu
There are four fundamentals textbooks that beat theirs. Handily.
Working on this summer's to do list and first up is our newest addition to the blogging family... #B&B
I'm going to sleep now. Nite-nite Twitterland, sweet dreams to you all. Let's see how well I'll be able to sleep tonight. :(
The wind outside whistles with discontent for america and it's poor choices.
Aly does Hellcats hav any new episodes comin on?
Argh. Typos on Twitter on the worst! Fixed and reposted. Thanks! :)
well Happy Birthday!!
": 2 hours 40 minutes away from being done with this shit!" :(
what up big homie!! What's good wit it?
i want to do some destructive shit
#10favouritebands THE SCRIPT
Green Giant claims their package of broccoli w/cheese sauce contains 2.5 servings. For a 2-year-old, maybe. Back to fresh, homemade.
OK, need more friends to discuss about Apple Mac app.
Fantasy Baseball Advice: 10 Latest 'Sell High' Fantasy Trade Options - Bleacher Report
YOU CAN TELL IT'S ABOUT 2 GO DOWN BY THE MUSIC SHE PUTS ON... LOL
get better fam!
Sounds yummy: RT : The St. Pats Specials are Pistachio Creme Brule, "Thick" Mint Cookies and Mint Choco Chip Macarons.
Spending the day editing everyone's photos!
i can't wait for #teenwolf prom ep :"D
ah yeah ah yeah ah yeah
If you could pick one color that Sporting Blue looks the most like what would it be? I'm thinking baby blue.
Thanks for the kind words and shout out, Adam.
I believe that some day we will be doing intellectual, cultural and literary history at the level of the sentence. That is the big idea.
Phil Cunningham is a great hire by Ray Harper at Western.
we gettin deep into my white people crate tonight.
Crying 'cause of Small Bump. That song. Just tears. <3
Certainly doesn't HELP tourism
Thats why i pick & choose, i dont get shit confused.
Flight delayed 3 hours. I need to start keeping track - flights rarely go as planned.
Cocoa Almond Spread
TESTIFY - Andy Pettitte is on the stand at the U.S. District Courthouse for the Roger Clemens perjury trial
who r u bro ? do i know u or something ? why are u asking for add on fb ? lol am i right ?
I think I jus encountered my first serendipity moment
Looking at IMDB. No wonder is not wrestling. He has two movies coming out in same year. Journey 2 and GI Joe. #balling #giveme$20
(c) is almost as fantastic as I am" Harry: I saw a 40 yr old women in the incline, she was hot" Niall: I LOVE PRIMANTI BROTHERS.
i suppose. Id rather watch this than one of these teams blowing out any other team in the country.
We're glad we could help with that :)
It's bound to get hot in the summer, but the summer is a bummer if you can't leave this pathetic excuse of a town.
Fear trumps truth in Jacques Tourneur’s '47 Out of the Past—a chronicle of greed, deceit and love run amok in a mesmerizing noir masterpiece
“: Thanks for the RT. I hope that doesn't make me a writing jagoff, lol.”. It doesn't lol
wonders if 'dry clean' really actually means 'dry clean ONLY' or if it's just a suggestion.
There's snow hope for survival! : I'm going to write a #SyFy disaster movie about these snow storms called "Snow Way Out."
I have 11:11 on replay(: Its such a great song! #1<3
oh there's much more to come.
Doubt that...": Back to #clippernation shit... #LobCity bitch!.... #Spurs let's see if they shoot like that all series..."
too quiet?
lies boy then palms sweaty then a penguins belly lmao
Yes you do my friend! Enjoy! So glad we can share in the moments :-)
#IHateWhen you and I are so close... But then we fall so apart.
Thank you for the mention!
Do you have any great resources for royalty free music for patron videos?
#travel day to #Iowa for grandma's 80th birthday! We got a pig roast and square dancing planned!
Yes he is. :D
U have 2 wait 2 find out but there 2 of the main characters on the storyline and some other characters included on the cover
Having a great time with 's parents at their place; I must add the city views from here are spectacular.
Happy International Literacy Day! What is your fave title in the Jewish Encounters series?
I like the word "clockwise"
Congrats to for the big help award!C:
Yeah! I'll keep voting!
I LOVE YOU so much <U+2764>
What a beautiful day
I want it as a styled shoot but I don't want to style :) sometimes im lazy
How was your day?________
So im watchin NOT ANOTHER TEEN MOVIE this movie funny but this movie so stupid thoo lol
love your show :-)
Hi Pam, my pleasure -- thanks for the follow as well! Looking forward to following your tweets
not to be all bragster bragsterini, but my white chocolate cream cheese frosting might change your life.
What a beautiful day in the Mile High! Stop in and see us we're open till 9! :)
In a Great Mood :) perfect time to sleep!
Leslie Cochran, Austin's iconic and beloved homeless, political activist, cross dresser has passed away.
That's disrespectful to me..
or we could go run at promitory point they have steeper hills.Let me know when your down!
New Year's Resolution: book more gigs
FUCK YEAH! PACERS WON'T GET SWEPT!
What's up with everyone today? :) rebelriotpromotions.webs.com
It gonna be alone
I hate that damn song!....My kids sing it all day
not too much, went into town and had to get my tire fixed, it had a nail in it and was almost flat, then just relaxed
Niall: why aren't we moving?! Liam: we're on land -.-
Pathetic girls.... Hilarious
S/O to these people for being real and awesome people
Shout out to the Jersey boys I just met at the hotel hot tub, thanks for disproving the Jersey stereotypes while still maintaining hot abs.
that's one of my favorite songs right now.
Happy mothers day mama!! Thanks for being an amazing second mother to all us mahomies! We love you!<3
Definitely- how are you doing? Thanks for the RT as well-
The time is always right to do what is right. ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
Ladies, Great event last night, I was very impressed by how well organized it was from point A-Z! Keep up the great work!
Prob going to dial in on the call, you will moderate?
YUUS. I CANT WAIT TO MEET YOU. asdoifasl. OMG~
#140cuse It was Wayne Gretzky who said "I stake to where the puck will be, not where it is."
i have my AP WH exam tomorrow.
#Breaking should each state be allowed to drug test welfare recipients?
tyvm. executing 'plan b' atm, but appreciate your offer + will keep it in mind. btw, is your server powered by faerie magick? ;)
Thanks! :) (But don't forget that if you don't put something before the @, only ppl who follow both accts will see it).
Lol I don't know why people keep msging me on I am available on They should contact me here
Ok Pacers
is it time for dinner yet?
Sorry I didn't get a chance to introduce myself Dave. Hope to get another opportunity
flight delayed but should take off soon. Tech problem.
Happy Military Spouse Appreciation Day everyone! We are extremely thankful for all the sacrifices that you & your children have made for us
To all my new people that r fallowing me thank u
Getting really excited for you all to see the Marvelous Mud exhibitions. Plus, shhh...we are launching an app tomorrow.
I'm so inspired, I'm ready to kick a door in.
Bonjouuuuuuuuuuur Bella :D'
But not Bertha Lopez. Interesting. Of course, she was the only one to consistently question Gandara...
Haha, I thought Matt Hunter is sick. Haha ;))
yes, i got another job :)
Got to drive 3 different friend's cars today. A jeep, a civic, and an audi. Sorry, and , But.... Aaron's audi >>>>
Thank god
I am trying to embed in Wordpress. Sites apparently makes it easy.
Especially if provides snacks! ;)
It's 1am almost and I really want to go out and get something to eat, but it's raining... Suppose I could use an umbrella but...
How am I supposed to study when it's so nice outside and so close to the weekend??
Won the tournament!! Haven't lost a game yet in the spring..Both my knees are killin me, and my foot hurts again tho. I NEED to take a break
just come knock on my door when you get here. if you're not in by the time i leave, i'll put it in your mail box!
Went to park with daughter today and saw some teenage hooligans. Remember when that was us?
He gonna be mad I can't get down there because I'm not spending any money
Oh that is so sweet of you! We definitely love using social media to connect with our patients & Columbus :)
I don't think its that late out rite now
I expect to see a lot of Cinco De Mustaches at tomorrow's tailgate. That is all.
Fuck ya bitches c:
Once again turning to my twitter friends. I'm looking for socks for a guy that say "I am creative. I am hip. I am cool' You know? Any ideas?
Need. More. Sleep. -_-
only in your icon
My life is one long #MadMen episode. Well, really only the clownish, nebbishy parts about Harry. But still.
This Just In: Brandon Phillips can play a little defense.
what part do u live in?
Great Total Security Summit workshop on the Ipact of Accurate Identification on your Bottom Line presented by Gary G. Jones!
I'll FOLLOW WHO TWEET FOR FOLLOW ME. PLEASE GUYS TWEET (:
got my poster in the mail today! That poster is sick! Love it! Thanks again...
Dinner meeting!
4 months with the baby! :D<U+2665>
Just bought my new website, cant wait to get it up and running :)
Let's get to 700 followers by tonight, eh? eh?That's 11 more dance fiends!! Lezzz Go!
The house of your dreams might mean looking past that overgrown landscaping, shag carpet, orange kitchen counter and dark green paint.
AmberMichelle94 you should get me a dr pepper from qt and ill pay you back
um hoping he didn't die bc I will not be able to deal !
You are welcome and thanks for the compliment. It was a fun show to perform and the great crowds are special to us.
So I find my all time favorite pair of shorts and I put them on the realize I ripped them up the side awhile back
the Sixers will be 1-0 against playoff teams when Turner starts and gets a triple double while playing on Tuesdays after tonight
Lolololol RT : If lying was a job, I know someone who would be a billionaire.
you get the new one?
um yeah right , cheater
I'm creepily adding this pizza picture to my phone's photo library for the next time I'm tipsy and hungry in Williamsburg.
was not expecting that at all
Went from having no job to having two overnight. I'm going to be pretttyy busy today
ONE MILE SHORT OF 100 for the month. Looks like I'm going for short run tomorrow before work. ;)
Every time I go to a restaurant,I'm just shocked by how rude people are. I've been shoved by obese 40 year olds all day.
no, it's stupid. Way too much drama and unrealistic expectations created for us average guys to make every date like those...
Plus, I bet Pride this weekend in New York is going to be *amazing*
Ok,here we go now. Another day in da "throw all ya crap at me" life of Nolagoose. Think I will change all my profiles & start over, again!!!
Vegetables are your best bet when it comes to losing pounds. Nature has a terrific spread when it comes to choosing vegetables
EarthFare or Home Economist has them! Good luck! :) Who's the lucky eater?
great to hear, thanks! Can't wait for the film release as well. Our THOR VO trailer coming soon!!
I'm in CO enjoying my last day of vacation. I'm ready to go home to LA and get back into the grind!
Be sure to tune into Indy, Channel 13 news this evening to see the "What's cool in school" segment!
i have to go 2 the dentist tomorrow to get my teeth cleaned wish me luck(: <3
Lol KD's doodle jump commercial.
I think that playing dress up begins at age five and never truly ends.
Thanks - same to your Sheri.
You are no longer created equal, but to be improved and changed
Stephen A. Smith Is Destroying Tim Tebow Right Now! Hilarious!
Sometimes I do open mic there. Am working on a new band right now. Playing Especial tomorrow at 4 p.m., @ Rackspace
pure honesty <3
The Zeiss lenses are all manual focus. Which is sometimes nice... But sometimes not?
crank up the volume turn up the volume .
Yes. But only with one person :/
Watching Natural Born Killers. Everything about this movie is SO 1994. And I'll have L7 "Shit List" stuck in my head all night.
If my calculations are correct, when this baby hits 88 mph, you're gonna see some serious shit
This is why I'm so fat.. I eat wendy's at this time.
Girl You Are So Right
ditto bro!!
what up boi!
Anyone going to #Netroots looking for a roomie for that Tuesday night?
Ingenious disposable cup. No lid. Creators Herman & Bascome presenting at Creative Mornings.
Just sitting here in Texas wondering if you still a Rock Star in India!
ah hope ya having fun, obviously got over the jetlag quick 2 b out again lol! Rupert Everett spot#Fail x
Does anyone else find these anti compact fluorescent lighting whiners totally annoying?
I'm a huge fan pls follow me... I love your music...
I am just another nothing.
15% of adults engage in half of all sexual activity.
Excellence is in the details. Give attention to the details in everything you do And excellence will come. No detail is too small. -G. Allen
Watch out for your so called friends their the main ppl that'll stab you in the back
Every time I see an adult on a bicycle, I no longer despair for the future of the human race. -- H. G. Wells
": Top Flight security gaurds of the world creig lmao
Considering I usually have 2 coffees total....YES.
That would be good as well. Apple doesn't half ass MBP design refreshes though.
I ordered these cute heels and they fit me too big!!
I haven't quite mastered the art of sharing! And apparently I'm a beer hoarder :)
ill have to check that book out sound very interesting.. i loved you on the hill you were thr life of the party
Night!!! Finally home
This is gonna take cracker jack timing.
shittt I was just thinking bout it
Is the little foam puzzle piece for #1 backwards? For a school board mailer? I could be wrong.
Thanks for the follow!
that's the shit!
Damn, that was a long night
Any way to see David Attenborough's BBC Frozen Earth Final episode here in the U.S.? Let us know.
Thanks for the shoutout.
I am so sorry...
I'm so excited that we can see the status and chime in without twenty million steps. Thanks for getting the word out!
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
yep! i produced
living in a time zone where pretty little liars isnt on for like 2 more hours. woo
Sugar fenna get knocked out.
What are your plans for the game tonight? Any great bar deals around town?!
I am currently in an intermission. I will return to regularly scheduled tweeting, shortly. Until then, go get better!
Thanks for blowing up my Twitters. And by blowing up, I mean something like 5 mentions in one day.
congrats on tenure.
Play it out on Madden RT If '96 Packers played '11 Packers, Antonio Freeman says his old team wins.
boca grand veggie tacos are really tasty. AND not too terrible for you. that makes my day.
The nerves of some people is comedy #
I'm wondering at what age I'll stop wanting to get jiggy wit it.
So life has been busy and stressful lately. Poo.
i shouldn't have eaten that sandwich.
I was trying to but it cropped the hell out of the picture smh I hate that! Lol
"And I will always, love YOU" Who's ready to get their karaoke on tonight at 10?
Mega-creep
Yea great, but I don't need to see it again. I just about lost it when he snapped his arms.
Inspiring Excerpt – Little People Making a Big Splash - Little People Making a Big Splash Don’t underestimate the potential in a...
check out our girl appearing in the new USA show Necessary Roughness starting June 29!
iGOTTA THUGG iN MY LiFE ((QUE))
your hopes. your dreams. your everything.
someone: wanna hang ? Me : ohh heck no i'm not ! #BoyzAreBack dumb butt!
All 3 styles now available at Piggly Wiggly in Cedarburg! Go try Hop on Top, Witty White Wheat and Fire Light today!
For some reason my dog sees squirrels as a natural threat.
san francisco <3
Those wings from Brother's were to good. I'm going to have to get some more today for lunch.
RT if you love when Austin says
Work work work. GET MONEY BITCHES(:
Honestly is the best show on daytime...
wow... who are you rooting for American Idol? Phillip Phillips just killed it...
just because you have a gee don't make u a ninja nigga.
uh, let's move on.
NICK!! HOW ARE YOUU? :)
That show kicked so much ass.
I like your microfilm machines better than Mugar's.
Eager to attend my first #ASHE2011 meeting next week. Please stop by the Hopkins booth and say hello.
HAPPY 15 BDAY. im wearing peaces and your necklace today. I hope u day is awesome, we love you soo much :).
I'll apply for this job, but I'm still not quite sure. submitting resume now!!
holy crap! i could meet you downtown after the ballet. or now-ish? just got home from work, but happy to put pants on again.
thanks ok idgaf what you think and I dare you to go to my house and say that to my facw, oh wait you wont because i'll beat u up!
Ironically, Giffords was a gun owner and against gun control.
RT : Mitt Romney would not tell a lie would he? Ask Rachel Maddow.
#FF Making prom dreams come true all over America!
Thanks for following - Looking forward to your updates!
Melo is in the dome!
More live music tonight. Big crowd expected. Band at 9.I don't have a food truck tonight but I would love to have one if your free.
#GoStrick...only four back.
THANKYOU to founding #mothers of #JIT-surrogate moms/aunts/sisters/g-mas that help when no one else did b/c they know our youth are worth it
'habitat' image in from Sarah Lyon
Excited to introduce #Spreecast to everyone I meet at #MashCon!
I have put the picture of me & my sister meeting in a frame in the living room with the pick for every1 to see
(3/6) Sue's clients include Oprah Winfrey, Hillary Rodham Clinton and Maria Shriver just to name a few.
do it! Go to protest!
so glad you enjoyed #dining in #Philly at City Tavern! Huzzah!
Very nice custom twitter page and great eye and laser surgeon, Dr Reza Mozayeni
My back is ruined right now and I have a play a set in about 30 mins.
Afternoon party with old friends, nice!
all he do is smoke weed, lol
end of nba on abc means i am released from the couch at last. Kinda sad.
"there should be a love song about sadness" - hipsters, I bet
People are crazy.
Facebook seems divisive IMO but it is good for Family stuff true dat
I am a basketball ref in Texas. At the high school level, a flop is a technical foul
foreals its because i aint at crockett but im going bak next year
Start slow, guys: kiss your way down her body, teasing her thighs and buttocks, before reaching your goal. sextip
sounds good
In the swamp land
Loving these last few weeks with great friends & family. Graduation is around the corner!!!
you need a better phone than a blackberry....what carrier you with?
I'm out of Baileys. Hello boring drip coffee.
that def touched williams... Coughlin better challenge this... should be G MEN BALL!!!
Haven't heard from the snake bros in a min guess they forgot about a naga
us too! Here in Southern California.
my knee didnt hurt for #wsbob and due to minor snow. knee just shot out in pain. #wscrystal will be a pain in my neck... Grrrrr
sounds great
Pilot season is kicking my butt!
keep your head up! I promise it will get better ð<U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
St. Mary's cardinals going for the title today, good luck!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle " Hell Raiser "
omg that howl is super annoying! its like echoing in my head
Goodies Goodies Goodies!!! www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
Love me some USC but dude just looks like a Viking, congrats?
Got a little teary eyed watching that Packer special on the Today Show ... NFL is back!!!
Studying my Script, we start Shooting Early Saturday Morning. Much Respect to TnG Films Director Terence Gordon.
Sorry to bring awful news: just came home from dinner and found my much, much-beloved 12 year-old pug had died, with no warning at all.
but it'll be fun!!
get crazy with the cheese whiz
I don't know what my mom gave me but I feel kinda high. Hope it wasn't Vicodin she knows I'm not supposed to take them.
Looking for something to do today? Come watch Zeitgeist: Moving Forward at the Glas Box on Texas and Cotton! The door is on Langtry St. $5
boyfriend is in rome, italy and i'm in venice, ca. we're both sitting in cafes to write to one another.
- TY 2 u 4 coming out 2 Shoot to Cure HD on fri nite @ Chargers Park! UR support is greatly appreciated.
A: how can we make this a #RVA community thing not just a university thing?
you heard it here
I am stupid; #leeziness at its finest folks.
do you think the are done making moves?
Haha, sure sounds that way. RT : Just got a phone call from a "captain" I won a cruise for two! This has to be totally legit.
Every episode of Saved by the Bell is now on Netflix Streaming.
so we'll just need to work on appetizers for the shower. and i put your table & chair in the van => making progress :)
Great tourney coaches draw something up here to get a great shot. Will Shaka?
Top finish from Suarez
yea ik!!! its such a relief!
happy women's day <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Its like your ghost is chasing me, when I'm awake and when I'm asleep. A part of you lives in every part of me. And I can't out run you.!
haaha, omg that would be so freaking cool if we had the same birthday!
hey ! how's it going?
It happened once , and sadly I'm allowing it too happen again . Bcos whatever I do or saay never matters .
keep us all informed. Even though Sam focuses on the coogs, now. Tonight how it should be.
So excited for bday shindig celebration tonight!!!!
Can't wait for the show tonight!
About time we see some scoring!
Can't wait to see “The extra man“ seems like a awesome movie yeah!
Everyone get excited to see part of my life story in the new batman movie this summer, when I'm not playing music I'm actually batman.
I'm a reporter w/, I saw your tweet abt your bro being a Devils fan. Can I talk w/u for a story? Thanks, let me know!
I remember tweeting how it was funny only ENS Alerts texted me. Yeah well jokes on me now. #comebackENS #I'lltreatyoubetterthistime
When strange people chat you on Facebook and ask to hang out...
#cdx2012 Thanks for the social media book. i am sure it will be a good read.
Evan Ortega (: hello
Lmao. I know I'm late but what's with the black nails and Ev you a mess Dennis Rodman's twin. 2funny
": Great Day World! How will you SHINE today?"
Somebody has been sniffing a lot of the Palo Alto air
Found out I broke my tailbone..
#ifiwonthemegamillions I'd buy the trump tower condo above drose and make that the center of my empire
you're right
Shouldn't wine openers be a standard in all hotel rooms in France? Haha.
Sorry I'm not transparent! You can not walk through me no matter how fast your walking!!
Tru dat! RT : #Aquarians have no qualms about breaking tradition or standing up to authority
ahaha yeaa lets goo if u get sleepy ill take ur spot !! Haha WE GOING MIKEY HUNTING !!!!!
Math is my worst nightmare....
Good one. Maybe Leake can do a Cueto impression tomorrow? RT: ": Didnt find Johnny Cueto's Mike Leake impression very amusing"
Woke Up At 4:00 pm...! Was dreaming off Vinny And Mikey running around with there shirts off..!!! Best dream ever =))
By 1902 the Aquarium had 100 tanks and 7 large pools making it the largest in the world. It housed the largest single collection of...
is dat dude
Enjoying a cold XX on Corpus Christi Beach
When try to improve and better the lives of the people you meet you are often rewarded by others returning the favor & lasting relationships
On no! When you know the drill to Hegeman '96 is when I will schedule your intervention.
RT : "The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success." - Henry Ward Beecher
I can't skip anymore spanishes but I get out at 9:55 tomorrow. I'm totally up for it.
RT & Follow 4 Only 3 more to 1000 for the Greek! Who will do him the honors of hitting the mark on Friday the 13th?!?
Cookies for breakfast with a side of coffee. I love my co-workers :)
Afinitor Approval Expanded to Include Benign Kidney Tumors
So excited for my sister coming in town! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Nothing to be jealous of here--I still have to go to the gym (ba dum ching!) Cc
i'll let bethany do that!
Ke$ha is my go to girl and then there is always Lil Wayne if I feel like going hard
Got new clothes and stuff ~
yes yes yes!!
You're our winner for The Wombats tickets for Monday! Shoot us an email at to redeem the tickets!
Hi Adam, Thanks for keeping in touch.
I love you. Hope you know that your fucking amazing!
Happy Easter, everyone! :)
The next adventure refugee tv episode will be with surfing and talking about his new book. Stay tuned.
Done and done. Doubtful Sound too!
u still foe tha gym life thursday? Hit me
contact vball regarding open play. All vball teams are sold out for current session but open play is an option
oh ok do u have a new phone
Job apps today. Wish meh luck! XD
#ChicTheNextLev ....It's a thing, make it happen.
studying now going better than I thought. Finished algebra. On to geometry now. Trying to finish math soon. How 'bout you?
What a day.
The #GOP is pack of pathological liers!
Beautiful, sunny day in #Houston today!
talking like a fat person !
Congratulations! Great news.
Mudhouse coffee tasting TODAY at 3!
yeah and if uve seen the cars i ride in u will be amazed
Haha yeah. my dad wants me to run track but i hate running. #FatTogether haha XD
They don't do that in other cities, too?
Tweet me your fitness goals! :)
You know the song, I like big butts... I was being silly, a silly goose! ;)
You're a cutie (:
God, I ran travel for a crappy media outlet in Australia and always flew business! Enjoy it, Never go back!
Fighting aging is a tough . But the right hair and skin care are essential for the battle read my blog where I go over all the latest fads
Thanks for all the support!
RT : Is it really National Cleavege Day? lmao!!! <- seems like it everyday according to some timelines lol!
Don't forget to say your PRAYERS .
Dear audience: I came to hear Florence sing not to hear you shriek every time she moves.
Bored af in the big gym doing a packet of work :l :(
thanks for the shout out!
Watch , he gone in twitter jail again !
YOU ROCK
Headed home after a great night with my LB The #mint is calling our name. Here we go! Lol!
You had a better deal I think. Spot was hot. RT : and you looked amazing. what a brave bookseller!
U CRAZY. LOL.
I would not hug that Big chin h.e ! Erica is FAKE .
Thank you!
Rainy days on the trolley are the worst! Everything gets soaked... But at least I don't have to sit in traffic!
Nice hit by Malone on the PK in neutral ice to break up Hamilton scoring chance
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho always gets hurt
Wow CNN Breaking News - Steve Jobs, the co-founder of Apple, has died, according to the company. He was 56.
Thanks Lisa - thought this would be fun to design these after going through the last 48h!
Text back with yo titties on it!
we find it very helpful, but we always get some kids who enroll late, so there are always wild cards.
Getting rid of them feels good!!!!
I've decided to go vegan and give up drinking. Hope everyone will help and be supportive of my new lifestyle!
Wow thanks YAY!
Well played on the soap bubble reference. Every game is a history lesson.
Kiss your life. Accept it, just as it is. Today. Now. So that those moments of happiness you're waiting for don't pass you by.
Wrote some jokes about God and my whole family sick!, there just jokes God
try gnawing on a book. You know...a subtle hint.
It's hard to follow you, if your bio is full of gramaticral...grummacular...germatricle...nevermind. *follow*
Well I like senior elite so, sorry
exactly my plan too girl.
Just did. ": follow back"
RT : This is valuable SSR time
TL Costa, thanks for following
#nowplaying The Writer - Ellie Goulding. Obsessed.
Thanks for following!
good - how are you?
um u can't be talkin about me.
Because of #CelebrityApprentice, you've gained another fan! Good Luck!
What happened to D Wade?
#incaseyoudidntknow i miss talking to you... alot.
Good Night!!<U+2665>
When you are being interviewed on screen, remember show and tell isn’t just for kindergarten. Bring props to help get your message across.
Union Equity, Inc.'s Wholly Owned Subsidiary Receives USDA BioPreferred Certification
The Bucks face the Miami Heat tonight at 6 p.m. Go, Bucks!
SHIPPING IS NOW ONLY 99 CENTS!!!!!!!
me? holding hands with you!? hahahaa
About to head to the mall for anyone up for some coneing???
My son has Tetralogy of Fallot.
I will not buy "Bibles" for Computer Scientists and Engineers.
Red Green
Double Jeopardy with Tommy Lee Jones and Ashley Judd was the #1 movie this day in 1999.
Ohhkkaayyy This Is my last tweet till lunch TIME(;
Is it suppose to be hot today ??
Be sure that you are maintaining HR records as required! If not, this could be very costly for your Company.
Yea me and my friend zakaiya are going to do it every time we here the song----RT > mean for party rock
Walker will be followed by CNN at Hart Park for the Tosa East v Nicolet tonight for his son's game.
beer is awesome
When she lays down with dogs, she wakes up with fleas.
Happy Birthday again <3
Yes, Gregor and Jon mentioned they met our new neighbors! Welcome to the neighborhood!
No idea how to score that. Also nevermind about Cotto landing punches. Throwing them but barely any solid shots.
Just Listed: Turnkey Script Mart -
no worries, it might be a bit of a zoo tonight anyway
Ugh I just wanna go back to sleep
Nobody's looking at your shoes anyway. Unless you wear them.
Absolutely! are you attending the workshops today? See you tomorrow!
mmhmm been craving one all day!
Big thanks to for hosting our Annual Meeting and Campaign Kickoff last night!
MPAA and allies are freaked b/c if SOPA and PIPA are killed (or diluted) it doesn't stop there. Hollywood hegemony is over.
Oh well those must be some pretty damn bright lights
All I'm gunna say is....get a bunt down and put some pressure on
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset Scuffed up shoes :(
Will you be moving to the district that you hope to represent?
Good morning, East Coast. :) <3
In international-ticket limbo land. Hope we figure this out in the next couple of days.
I will not eat the Cadbury Cream Eggs...I will not eat the Cadbury Creme Eggs...etc...
i feel special =)
Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart. ~ William Wordsworth
Your Dad sounded like an awesome and fun guy. Hope that time with family in Ohio has been as good as can be.
Gonna have to rewrite ”Motherfuckers Move Slow” to be about the west Seattle DMV.
AH NO!? Ur deff too cool for me.:( hang wif me boo!!
sorry samurai or nothing. Maybe next time... I'm better 1 on 1 anyways.
I just assume everybody works all the time. ;) You must have a dozen internal clocks running!
#Thatawkwardmoment where you have #pornstars following you
Spicy Chicken
Light but steady rain as we head south on I-39 out of Plover. Still tasting the lunch at Jim's Barb-ie-Q Shack in Rapids
Our fingerprints never fade from the lives we touch... beautiful
you better quit that habit, its gross!
Bae told me Im on my Boss shit ..haha
horrible fan base
add my LinkedIn page!
Fathers never lose focus of your priorities, your children!
People seem to be extremely amused by my ability to impersonate the characters from "Llamas With Hats."
Yo just got his third strikeout for the #Brewers today... Settling in now.
The employer generally gets the employees he deserves. - J. Paul Getty
the help? I have a B+ in communications okay so help me help you :) Why would your cat hate you in the 1st place is it because U
aww, Jackie! You are too sweet! Thank you for your support!!!!
how does it know your timezone? so weird but I love it.
People judge you, no matter where you go .
Happy Birthday!! <3
Excited our new Kentfield rental office is almost ready!!
Do you think Kobe's mask helps him see any better in the eternal darkness of MJ's shadow??
This, you will have.(:
Thx for the follow! Love your benefits and discounts. How can you not join if you're in Central NJ??
Just finished watching the tribute thing on him on Centric.
