Marcum's doing his best Suppan impression in the playoffs so far. I'd go with Greinke on short rest.
just got done pampering myself with some mary kay.
Seated in group C on SWest = center seat for me on flight home. :( pah
Stark: " I wonder if Natasha wears a thong under that suit or not" Banner: " Definitely boy shorts"
Always a pleasure to share.
Today I purged what was a digital history of the kids's lives. VHS of Liar, Liar; floppies of Kid Pix, CD of 1997 Grolier Encyclopedia.
Does anyone care about the #FlaNJD series? Anyone? Anyone? #bueller?
And who the HELL is the frumpy black lady doing the ABC preshow? She's no Guilana.
Looking for that special gift for that special someone in your life?
The New Face of Vinyl is making it's rounds in Cleveland starting December 15th!
im on my way then lol
OMH WHEN WHERE!!!! TELL ME EVERYTHING NOW!!! Cody Simpson & Psanders
Taylor Allderdice Is Way Better Than Rolling Papers
check out Priority Spokane (on FB or their website).
Could You Please Tweet: JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To Get It Trending For Austin?! Please & Thank You! :)
It's too beautiful a day to be on the computer.
Looking for a Romantic Night with your Sweetheart?? We still have a couple whirlpool suites left for this weekend!! Call today 317-578-1200
final packing up day-what r the chances Texas stops killing innocent people before I land in August?
On my way out! Running a few errands & then heading over, be there 7:15ish or so
Happy independence day!
amen, baby! Main ingredient: crack
Face obstacles.Conquer critics.Battle 4 wins.2 get here,u have 2 #RiseAsOne.B4 the 1st snap,remember what u r building on #ragemode- LC
You know that feeling when you giggle and smile all day.. you can't stop thinking about one person. It feels like your 15 again?
Well its official. I broke my elbow and going to need surgrey. Great.
Wordpress makes remarkable community sites. Integrate it with multi plugins,private messaging live streaming chat. Quite cool end results
Omg omg Austin's mom followed me<3333
#FF some of our great providers!
You must be someplace warm, I nearly froze today, too cold.
Play that hard to get card. ;)
Colorful Realm: Japanese Bird-and-Flower Paintings by Ito Jakuchu at is ending on Sunday. NGA is open til 8p on Fri/Sat/Sun!!
No, but i'll take plain black #coffee with a double shot of
Boesch, Dirks, and now Prince with HRs today.
Even Facebook knows OSU is a football school "8 others posted about Ohio State Buckeyes football"
Who checks refs after games? And how rigorous is it? They need to be addressed by the media IMO.
There are rumors that Dallas may be interested in Manning.Why aren't there rumors they're interested in RG3?
Jimmie what kind of motor home u have?
Favorite 90's sitcom catchphrase? GO!
must be good?
sorry.. I ain't talking bout chu
Get a resume done professionally and have a better chance for job prospects.
Thx! May I see an example of this quick tip document?
I just heard Justin Bieber gave 3 people rabies in Philly Park.
watch what's about to be on your tv. rated pg-13 O_O
A Quick Public Relations Media Review- What You Can Do Yourself for Your Media Relations Campaign publicrelationsla.wordpress.com
They are trying but need adoption. Android is way out in front so all they can hope for at this point is a small % of market.
OMG... #Starbucks MucH NeeDed!
ahh nice! I don't blame you, I would have too haha.
I left because I didn't want to see you... Now I'm thinking about what your doing because I'm not there with you
'a little guitar' what... like a ukulele?
Caught A Session With <3 Bomb Weed,Goodlooking out :)
My timeline is the best because it's music-related 98% of the time :)
is running to rehearsal.
Hey everyone who is a #sportingkc fan and NOT at the reserve game, introduce your self to
did you eat before you worked out? Such as chicken or tuna?
and i'm not talking about that breaking up bullshit. i'm talking about what you literally did to me.
i swear! and that run.. #omg never again
A Happiest Birthday wish to the beautiful, Classy !! Hope to see you soon :-) X
nytnyt and sweet dreams selena~ love you so much my dear friend~ hope you had a great day <3
Thank you Aaron. I hope you and your mamma have a great mother's day too :)
Give 'em all As and hurry over here.
but for what tho?
Scott prefers communicating/interacting on FB, but will do some serious Twitter a%$kissing next. LOL
Standing next to quest at Lenny Kravitz
Just spotted the - oh how I've missed him!
New hula show is starting on March 4, 11, and 18 at 11 a.m. Don't forget about Friday night entertainment at 6:30 pm. Sat hula at 1 p.m.
they cost a few bucks, but well worth it.
Going in at Prime Grown & sexy
Tonight is sold out but there are 10 tickets left for tomorrow evening! Get them while you can.
sign me up
up handling business
good luck
You know me too well. Johnny doesn't know what's hit him yet.
Not the goal I wanted!
RT : I love hearing how the developer brain works. It doesn't always makes sense to me, like listening to another language.
awesome. Thanks!
I just earned the Barfly badge on #Yelp!
what's happening to your lakers?
Thanks for the intro. I'm following now.
Night night.. Have a blessed week everyone. God is good :)
For most women the libido peaks just before menstruation.
Giro, prologue, stage 1, Washington DC, 2012. Fuck Yes! Please let this be real!
Say Hello;)
25k on dinner break of $565 going to 400-800. Hit felipes for dinner and a nice walk on the river to get mind right.
Thx. Ur right. Still applicable to that no-show actor. “: I think he said, 80% of SUCCESS is just showing up.”
CIRCLE OF BOSSES
It's so amazing how different we are. Lord find so way to bring us together..... Lol
get some culture branden
has got to stop saying it's about Wall st. greed - greed ain't illegal - massive CDO/CDS ponzi schemes & fraud are. Wise up!
Make life matter! It and you are worth every moment of it. Be grateful that you have it. Share it, love it, and make even the simple matter.
waiting for the invite to stop by your biz. Your products rock
Just passed Jesus on E Houston in case anyone's lookin' for him...
Anyone going to see #TaylorSwift tonight?
Fast, smooth, and remarkably quiet. I loved the Pacific Electric grace notes at the stations. Nice to a see a nod to history.
Thats whats up ! You know i'd hook a brotha up!
My garage got jaguars - my garage looks like a zoo
when film directors make movies with hidden political messages
btw, that surfboard shot on your website is great!
who here is voting via facebook ??
Thanks! Much appreciated guys!!!
how about a free VIA after so many purchased for Gold card members! A 12 pack of via is as much as a pound of coffee! It adds up!
Not sure if this is an upside or a downside of working in North Beach, but it always smells like really good marinara sauce.
Win a FREE T-Shirt! Simply LIKE us on Facebook and one new randomly chosen friend will win in OCT! Facebook.com/greatlakesclothingcompany
What triggers these wild ass dreams
I disagree. I know I am just tryin to be nice.
Zammuto plays Reno on 4.12. Well. This just got REal.
RT : glad you are still OUR quarterback. Good luck this season.
y'all might call it the granddaddy because it pulls slow
NBC has decided to bench
Nicholl Fellowship is due in 3 days. Here's to a weekend of courier new, twizzlers, sparking water, KCRW, KUSC and melancholy tears.
Just dance3 ...such a work out (: <33
Wish we could control that - the hotel provides 0 wifi connections there but we got ~400 on our own gear this morning.
Tribe lovin at the gym. #NJOMZATRIBE hay
Impractical jokers. Holy shit.
He probably said more than "snap." ha ha
you wouldnt do that. You love me too much. What are bestfriends for?
Austin, if I was your girlfriend id never let you go (; hehe. jk <3
Ha. Yes, poor Dean. He needs his food.
yes! it's been two weeks since i've been over there. far too long for the promximity.
Just saw this 12 year old redhead kid scream out "thug life"... are u kidding me? is this real life?!
So glad I got to see today!
A man is known by the company he keeps.
somewhat love... Don't talk to me in study hall tomorrow
Can't wait!
2 fire drills in one day??? Uve got to be joking
U did real good, give urself a pat on the back fir me lol
NICE!!! RT : Clippers lost!!
RT Art all about: today kicks off not only GR's but also Grand Haven's similar -only half hr. drive
“The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.” -- Albert Einstein... :-)
"They should send Tim Tebow into Iran to get our drone back. With just a knife." - Rainn Wilson Agreed! -Kaci Battaglia #Tim Tebow
Okay, just release 210 by the next time I go to Roosevelt/Canal or ride the BNSF Line, whichever comes first. Lmao XD
I'll let you know when I get it!
Bank of America site just asked me to verify by entering my debit card, expiration, and security code - sounds fishy. I'll wait a while.
You should come to Orlando cause us Floridians know how to have fun! c;
I'm actually enjoying "50 Shades of Gray" more than I thought I would, but cringe every time I see "holy crap" and "holy cow" in the text.
aw thanks lmaooo! Meh I'll be 18 me and jordo will be at the bar downing the shots, he won't care
SPECIAL DISCOUNT: Don't miss our special offer: take 3 or more workshops over $49 in March & save $20. Signup deadline March 4th!
Only because it was a mid-season addition, I think.
Wanna hear a new song from our upcoming 7"??? Tune into our radio appearance on Into the Void tonight!
What are you gonna save the Eucharist for later? Put some mayo or buffalo sauce in it?
i love all you and just add my followers that follow kisses :D
See you there! “: Well fellas, it's that day! FINAL FOUR!!!!”
Any speedy streets you want us to check out? Let and know and we'll try to get there.
NAW he always look like Prince to me lmao
Just got done tanning <3 my head hurts now though, I hate when that happens.
Headed to take in MILvNYK broadcast w/ HatchetteNYC - like brothers at war - 8 SEED LET'S GET IT - Go Los Buckz, win or go home.
hahaha victory has never tasted so sweet
RT Sure thing, love the pieces.. ": i have some samples for u to test if u will, love"
Respect women, I don’t care if they a 2 or a 10
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 16
I love Drake so much <3
That makes it harder, though it's possible the author's still working in the field... (IME = "in my experience").
idk I thought if u was under 18 u had to have somebodii over 21 :/ but ion kno !
Perhaps. Definitely not an old school, mom & pop joint. Great place for a date night, though.
blink over some liquid liner
I hope my mama had a safe flight to Vegas!!
The Dust. It just keeps coming back!
thinking miraculous thoughts for you and your lovelies! Hoping St. Anthony can do his thing.
wish would tweet me :)!! but that will never happen :(
Thanks! Giles, Jorgensen, and P Baker present and accounted for.
How did it get cold all of a sudden?
Thanks for the RTs/mentions!
lol I never thought I wuld see the day when kian slams ur head into a locker!
I haven't tweeted in like days.. o.O shocker
what are the options?
take me too
“: Falling for someone you wouldn't imagine seeing yourself with.”
I 4got start doing some more shit I'm make it up
Weather's gonna be like this till Wednesday aw hell nah
It's gonna be a long hot summer and we should be together <3
Let's go #Chiefs!!!!
thanks for the link to the nasal strips. I use those to help me sleep.
You know, somebody actually complimented me on my driving today. They left a little note on the windscreen, it said 'Parking Fine'
“Success doesn't come to you… you go to it.” Marva Collins. I just read up on this lady - very inspiring. Dissatisfaction & a desire to help
Family dinner night! :) I hope marinating steaks for 10 hours is a good thing...
RT : USDA spent $220 million in 2004 on nutrition ed, 2% of what the food industry spent on mktng to kids.
Really excited to see so much discussion on my last #cyborgology post. I'll get to writing replies as soon as I have some time.
Thanks to everyone who watched!
You know those little screens at the gas pumps? They should start showing porn, so I can watch someone else getting screwed at the pump.
“: Fake nails, Fake hair, Fake ass, Fake nose, Fake voices, Fake breast....Are you sure you weren't made in china?”
Metro Gallery hosts Jarret Walker discussing new book "Human Transit" how geometry shapes successful transit 1700 N. Charles St. 2/7 12-1pm.
There is no way to gracefully get out of my sports car in a dress and heels.
Hey there, (HiEdCIO), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Dear New Hampshire State Prison: never belonged in your prison!! Open the doors & let him go! #wronglyconvicted in NH! SHAME!!
Ranga Pae - Maori for "encircling the earth" & Ranga in Sanskrit = color. Colorful music from a little band from Maui, Hawaii.
VA Sloan winners on Flexibility are: Heritage Wealth Advisors, USN Explosive Command, #VCU Health Systems
When is the last time you had a family portrait done? We can shoot one on location at your favorite #RVA springtime spot!
who wanna play a game! i wanna play a GAME!
You already have the ability. 70 per cent of the human body is water!:-) whales love U!
Hi Colleen! Excited to see you on Twitter.
So, do you have any questions about acting? I would be pleased to answer them :)
“: What's meant is meant! What isn't meant won't happen no matter how hard you try to force it!” you be blessing me!!
Never take action when you are angry.
Who are you?
Chicago, Lancaster, and Carlsbad CA on the support agenda for today
And they're young & aggressive!
we saw yall.YALL GETS IT IN
Every sub MUST change the formation.
Why does always run out of my size?!
“: I want everything from the Kate Spade line of earrings. Every single one is adorable.” agreed!!! I want it all!!!!
Fuck that heux. What's up Pc!
I LOVE YOU <U+2665>.<U+2665> Follow back please!!!!! SNOOKI YOU ARE GREAT! Love watching #JerseyShore just to see you u.u
We all have something that digs at us, at least we dig each other
Bitch I go to work do my cat daddy (;
haha yeah it was just hard to explain :P but i dont hate you :)
Evan Hoffman&#39;s vehicular homicide trial to start in Newton next week
sounds good man!!
Visit The Bakken at The State Fair during STEM Day - Thurs 8/25 in Carousel Park!
iDon't care about the dumb people who post sh!t about me :D
That was a good one.
tight. I'll work on writing that second verse of mine.
Nope, you hurts my feelings
First 7 days of this month with great business success!!!!!!!
Tired.. been a busy week. Everything seems to have the same deadline lately (yesterday).
Whenever Justin is online I don't know why but I automatically freak out.
A website where pop musicians crowd source song concepts? Give the people what they want.
PUPPY BOWL!!!
Students from Temple Oheb Shalom sharing their morning with BCAC, learning how to keep kids safe.
yeah sometimes its hard though especially when its someone you really cant stand.
We re-open at 4 p.m. today! We now feature everyday low prices ($2 domestics, $3 imports, $3 wells, $4 calls, $6 martinis) and free WiFi.
who are you the most close with on the show? i have been dying to know! thanks for always tweeting me back =) xoxo
IT'S GAMETIME!!! The two greatest words in sports: GAME 7!! It's win or go home!!! Let's do this!!
Hey Michael! Happy weekend to you too!!
Rochester's indie paper ( ) is a well-written hoot. I laughed out loud three times reading it over lunch.
Here we go!!
he mad because I had to get my rest last night lol.
text me <WeMissAustin!>
Means You Know RT : What does tu sabes mean.
thank you!
RT : My long journey to school, just made that much better with blasting <3 happy Monday everyone!
How well does your dog get along with your cat? Do you have a picture? We wanna hear about it!
heard MMAs #TitoOrtiz on #The Herd: 'if not fighter, I'd be a teacher. I wasn't a good student.' it just didnt sound right to me
Heh, fair enough. Closing the deal is really hard in storytelling. ME3 comparisons to Lost are useful in that regard.
I deleted that tweet so I don't confuse people.
no problem :))
Thanks so much ; I think this is just the beginning. Maybe I can find more stuff to fix! :)
I love thunderstorms. They're my fave.
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE! THE DAY JESUS CHRIST WAS BORN!
You know what Harden is going to do but you still let him do the same thing.
Watching the #futurecats in the #JBC2012! Already a block party by
Good lord, we're doomed MT : As of this tweet, has nearly 1.8 million more followers than New York Times.
Vegan Meat: for when you hate eating animals, but not enough to actually sacrifice things in your life
Thanks to the for making and serving lunch to our guests this afternoon!
Waking up late and not being able to find a ride in sucks
welcome to the Twitterverse! New pic. New Tweet. New followers.
The risen Christ is our peace with God, our power to work, and our purpose for living. John 20:19-23
Thanks for the RT!!
8^) Getting close to finishing book 2. I can taste the ending, and soon shall it be sent to editing. Deadline no longer terrifying.
I will never again lose pounds that I have already lost once (or 4 or 5 times) before.
Life can be so stressful sometimes, it's important to remember what really matters: a cheap laugh at someone else's expense.
We're glad you enjoyed your time at Elements Spa!
Wade being 1-10 is just awful. He's losing his cool with himself and his coach. Very immature still only 9 lots of time
where did you find it lou?xx
Bitch just tried to get gram of loud off her looks now that's Aprils fools money is the motive
I don't wanna get outta my bed
I am on my way over!
And above all things have fervent charity among yourselves: for charity shall cover the multitude of sins. 1 Peter 4:8
#SaySomething is the BEST SONG EVER!! omg, where you trying to kill me!? I'm proud of you<333
them yours lol
Nice...wait, do you ever work?
I still adore #CyndiLauper :D Always will 'til I lose my hearing when I'm really, really old and wrinkly! XD
co to ten tlumbr ?
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. Theodore Roosevelt
R.I.P Grandma HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!! -Goin to the gravesite <3
go team #pink (and, let's face it, team Mac)
now coming back with ERROR - Forbidden. Hate I missed it
her shoes cute but her feet stupid big. lol
She has Cuddliness of Doom!
thanks, you've won a martini lunch at Locke overs next I'm in town!
Maybe in 2013 RT : I just realized.. I guess we're not doing the Kentucky derby party proposal
She's got that #inthebag “ i'm giving you tomorrow's theme now: "in your bag"”
woohoo I was getting worried! RT scrivens with the win for ! nice early bday present for me!
My mom is already writing my senior ad...funniest ad ever. And she's putting in the embarassing baby pics to match.
“: just dropped a classic over one of my beats.” Thanks bro
what kind of intervals do you like the most? Thanks for all your info!
Friday flashback jam: Billy Bragg - "Sexuality"
#KING LOUIS Tuesdays
Let's go boys
(bryan) Warren Etheredge presenting. I wanna ask him about his awkward interview w/Charlie Kaufman at the "Synecdoche, New York" screening.
Hope it clears up for you!
Everyone follow now!
I know I got flaws, I know I'm not perfect. But all the ups and downs will soon be worth it.
Sharon is the best! RT : Those were all awesome wtg
OH yea lady, werk those Uggs! CLEARLY it's snowing outside..
Come party at 524 NW 23rd Ave, Portland, OR 97210 With Sticks&Stones x Harding&Wilson!
#NFB don't be a twitter stranger<U+E404>
If I told you I still loved you what would you say
yes my love, I always can talk to u with my phone :) that's really good bc when u tweet me I get the notification ;))
Fuckin go time!!
you can sign up for the BarNone Brewer trip for May 18th at the bar now!! Hell yeah!!!
"We get up every morning and go to work knowing what we must do to win Missouri and that we will succeed."- Carl W.
Ah the pedway. How I miss it. Bet you're not missing Rita yet RT : Having a in the building = third cup of coffee today
when hes being serious he gets very deep with his voice.
tellin someone why u love them is like describing what water taste like .
lol no I'm not xD
Only the music can save me.
Where do the best laughs come from? Terrific connections made intellectually or terrific revelations made emotionally. - Del Close
very good performance from all you guys! Love your cussing but sensitive Santa Monica!
Today is World Teachers Day. Thank you to all my teachers at UPIS
love it!
Need to hire Infection Control Nurses? We'll not only find them for you but we'll make the first (difficult) contact for you! 513 899 9628
brunch at garden cafe tomorrow. After recovering from hangovers?
Will the plane bomb = Obama calling it an Overhead Contingency Operation? RT : I guess the War on Terror isn't over after all.
It's cause i'm always working. Or sleeping. Sometimes it's both, depending on which job i'm at.
What a nice compliment. Congratulations, Mel.
Oh. I was wondering why stock prices haven't changed all day long.
I told you he's good. Darius Terrel said so.
Localist hits the Ivy League. Cornell University! We're pumped. Coming in early January.
not yet
Got some free Noodles Mac & Cheese after the Dragon Dash. I guess a little carb loading after running won't hurt.
Perhaps... Anyway, thanks for following us back! ^SZ
Off work for the day. I think its time for a long awaited nap.
WI State Senate budget deliberations to begin at 11:00 a.m.
I must tell you I have been reading some of your articles and just wanted you to know they were great!!
- Looking forward to having Steven Jones speak at the Windup Space next Tuesday on CRAFT!
Nick I'm dropping a new single next month that might interest you.
In life there are always going to be people doing better or worst than you.
yeah same here #Cotto fought his ass off tho!
All Day Bro! All F'N Day!
thx for sharing!
because it can get infected i guess- they can re-do it but can't guarantee it will work- sorry to burst your bubble!
Sometimes I don't know what to do
I Don't Really Care what you think about me
I bet you like that dontcha Harold.
were gonna party on the bus
watching this pageant dance jus sed "why is it an 8 count? Why can't they go to 10" haha never seven thought about it lol
Great show on PBS tonight on Big Band Singers. Check it out- unless you're in Milwaukee!
can someone in #houston get to town? Hopefully some week when I could make the show? nudge
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – David Guetta feat. Usher - With Out You (Katnip Remix)
Happy Jackie Robinson Day!!!!!
Hats off to Alb Acad for teaching the importance of philanthropy to young people! Thanks to Community Builders their generous donation.
Post Paul drinks anyone? No raw milk...please
fuck yes it's cause we're awesome, same thing happened with BVB but now they suck as
It's that time again that happens every night feeling too #lazy to cook and very #hungry. Maybe if I hadn't just spent all day doing work...
That was the hardest yet the sweetest walk yet - 8.3 miles... #WalkAcrossAmerica June 5 leaving NY - LA for
“: God does have a sense of humor <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>” Yes he does, he probably looks a some twitter lines, laughs & Shakes his head.
Anybody got a tee I can borrow? Or would want to go hit with me?
TURN THE HUMANS LOOSE --- Release 10% of the Millions of Humans Locked-Up at Historic-High USA Rates since 1776. USA Campaign
Good morning tweedos! I feel so relaxed today!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone
Sweet Dreams
Not talking to for an hour. He shot down my office-wide Big 12 baseball trivia idea. His concept of fun is embarrassing.
Reading at Risk argues sustained, complex, imaginative focus trains ppl to be good citizens.
very funny
For the record, I am not anti-call box. I am pro-responsible government. If a box hasn't been used in 3years, why pay for it?
Larry's not an ambi-turner?
Cocoa Jeans takes over with a fashion show + beats by DJ Frisko Eddy tonight ! Doors at 9pm.
gotta bunch of musikk! im excited.. cant wait to c kanee
“: can you guarantee this??” ya can u...
I knew a girl in my school that starved herself. She didn't eat for like a week. All she drank was water and eat crackers.
That sounds so disgusting... but I would totally try it.
Roots of LA&#39;s 1992 Uprising | The Sound Strike
thanks 4 da follow back back
Wonder if she understands the difference between me and a bad bf yet, I love teaching people lessons <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Oh, I meant with all-cotton clothes like out of "Let Us Now Praise Famous Men" and so on. But sure, I know. Whatever. Not for me.
:( Keep Trying! More chances all this week, starting tomorrow!
Before I started driving a cab I had never taken notice of them on the streets of Denver.
What a nice morning...
looking forward to seeing the great Steve Turre and his group tomorrow evening!
Can't wait for the weekend <U+2764>
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>lmao @ he tear shit up lol.... Hey you gotta love him for that
where in the hell do you have 4 toothbrushes???
sitting here bored somebody hmu
we should go to forever 21 to shop for florida :)
ha whats wrong?
nice work --> Produced my first game today.
2012 is here. #2012 It all starts now fans. Buckle up, it's going to be a memorable year.
#ROC Come visit all of our friends at the Verona Street shelter today!! We have a surplus of cats and dogs that need good homes!
Look for a new bank, I guess!
I think I'd take the under on that for ANY NL team
SOX: Guess who? Will Middlebrooks. The 3B lines two-run double to LF with the bases loaded and the #RedSox take quick 2-1 lead, B2.
it is getting rather cold lol.
I finally joined. Cause of you. Be proud.
The more you make, the more the hate, the more they're fake, that's just how the game go
oh the things we've read from you....
mornings just don't go well for me.
Do you live in Sea Colony? Start collecting cans for our Dec 1 food drive!
Of course the black guy goes first. :( This movie is bullshit.
The team is looking forward to a morning of service this Thursday at one of our partner schools for !
RT The flaming lips just released a new single, ITS SIX HOURS LONG, not 6 minutes, 6 HOURS. thats just crazy #allforsomethingnew”
depends on what you're looking for: art, comedy, action, suspense, kid friendly, blockbuster?
Are presale tickets going to have a special code when they go on sale tomorrow?
just got a delicious nutella, banana, and whipped cream waffle from a great #DC company, the food truck!! near #AU today!
Ashley had a cancellation at 10:30 tomorrow morning. Call the salon to book your haircut!
nice tweets, lady!
you will when i dropp dat as
Not sure why melvin felt he needed to trade McGehee today. Don't like the trade. Could have tendered a contract and looked at other deals.
Good crowd & good match to start off the show. I'm loving #ExtremeRules so far.
with the trumpet, but not the guy on the screen.
I literally like spazzed out when I saw the #TEENWOLF season 2 promo! can't wait!!!!
I love u to death! Plz rt
Last weekend in the car, I told JT to look at the stars. He did... and asked, "but why don't they have pointy edges?"
in all seriousness...they're both not all there. they both have some issues...
To the #parents out there, what would you pay for your kid's #tshirt? What do you kids like to wears (those old enough to choose)?
Like. RT : Great challenge from audience member re: line blurring of relevance & sensationalism.
RT : Throw beat him by a mile. Almost always decides it....
dat summertime air!
Where are all you wanna-be/soon-to-be/#indie/ #film makers out there? Let me know what you are up to...
you aren't the only one, I haven't seen or tasted a Clearly Canadian in at least a decade.
hehehehe !!! im like that in school all the time :P my fave is JASON SHAWN SMITH <3333333333 ah so cute
Best of luck!
RocNation is Jay-z's management group that owns MMG
isn't the grey one sick-- is sporting the grey with bright blue face right now--- very legit
Good morning sunshine ladies.
that is a very powerful one. Thanks for sharing!
Tonight! All bottles of wine half off. we'll start doing it every Tuesday, but Christmas comes early tonight. Even reserve btls get the disc
Life is complete?? I feel so significant that i can complete a life :) haha
For me, cyborg tech is daily reality, so SF cyborgs seem less interesting. To me, LIGHT was about style, aesthetics, poetry.
HOmeWOrk time blah trend this #HATEHOMEWORKDAYOOPSORRYEVERYDAY:(
Get to tonight for good drink specials and great music provided by myself and !
Followers - support Canine Companions for Independence, visit our blog, read "July's Charity" and follow the instructions.
After three days of work, the revitalized Westminster Applebee's is now open and looks great!
sulia doesnt bother me as much because i don't have to click.
Physical relations...like a lady
what mamal can breathe from its ass?
Lunch kitchen is open
Advocate buys children's cardiology group
Jennifer Love Hewitt has some tiggo bitties!!!
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS... LMAO #RETWEET #FOLLOWBACK POW!!!
Listening to Jim's pick of Schubert's fugue on Cum Sancto Spiritu from the Eb Mass… well, he's trying…
why did you get rid of those pictures?
40 points in the first!
I think Tim McGraw's Better Than I Used To Be basically sums up my life. It's a journey people. Enjoy it.
u know seriously making fun of someone death is not funny.
I feel your pain. Take a deep breath!
they were getting pretty intense!
Listening to my poem What's the Emergency written re the bombing of the Twin Towers.
jesus fucking christ, you one fake ass motherfucker, you say you hate someone, and end up being their fucking friend all the time.
I've more or less eaten nothing but toast and celery for the past 3 weeks.
Finally hopped onto the #McRib bandwagon, disappointed to say the least
Check out my new listing in Los Feliz. Brokers Open this Tuesday, June 14th from 11am to 2pm...lunch served! www.3651holboro.com
Thanks for the RT. Might you make it out tomorrow night?
Its a no GO.. Didn't get the part today. Oh well on to the next big and better part, or as they say that's show business.
Since blog posts are dated you should have no problem enforcing your copyright.
Umm yes. That is a nice deal
Russian Federation: Language in this document must maintain the superior rights of parents in the education of their children
It's pretty awesome to see so many people walking around #StationNorth tonight. How do we make this a regular thing.
We live in a world of belief.
where can I get a copy of your book?! I feel it may answer some questions I've been dealing with. Thanks :)
split the cash? I can always Pete Rose it.
Damn!! I forgot my sandwich at home!! I'm hungry!
what happened to u, is everything alright??
And you should be! RT : If you're interested in meeting the team, they're hanging out at the for an hour or so ;)
it went alright haha. Not a big celebration
Supermarket donated 20 cases of food to us! We are giving it all away!
I would like to know when the players vote on this?? Freeney really?? None of my players voted and weren't asked...
cuz what sasha? If u dnt wnt to say it on twitter text me. And I dont really have a better chance
Glad to hear you enjoy the dates, we'll have to keep you posted on our #baconwrappeddates eating challenge in May!
~Im Deaf To BullShit And Blind To Fake..!
If #whcd is considered nerd prom, then our gala must be the nerdier prom? Nerdiest prom?!
FYI to my followers. That "Recall Santa" is old as hell already... Please don't plan on using it. And btw I hate politics so don't try...
Thanks especially to for their insightful thoughts.
Who's got a boner?!
YEE finished reading part 43 I love it!!<3
Nice! Thank you! that place is SO BIG.
Having to call your mom to wish her a Happy Mother's Day and not being able to tell her in person feels pretty crappy. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
He is playing to the conservative wing until he cements the GOP election. He will then move to the center promotg MA reform!!
I'm fairly confident our friend can attest you definitely do not need a lock picking set in all engagements
Please join us for our election night festivities this evening we will be at Carnelian By The Bay, 1 Ferry Plaza, 9-12 PM
Glad to have introduced you to Box! The outfits are cute. Love the African prints. Will send you my choices by end of day.
. M I HATE people who nevr answer they phone, like what do u have one for !
a few more weeks!
Will the Georgia wineries be featured in any way?
Life's a long lesson in humbleness.
Enjoying a banana with nutella....Delicious
anyone want a shoutout?? DM if you do! (: <33
Excited to watch the talented and wonderful perform tonight.
A girl can dream Morgan ": Can I just give up and become a Snorlax?"
but it's triple hopped! ok, it's godawful.
The one about avoiding the injury bug? Isn't there a spray for that?
CLAW! Tomorrow (Tuesday 9/9) 8pm @ Blue Moon! Bet on your fave wrestler, bribe a judge, bribe the ref, drink beer, have fun!
My cousin tried to deep cover a girl on the first date. Apparently that's a little too much.
Pretty sure brain just exploded from working very hard w/awesome colleague from UCLA, stay tuned for great #mlanet12 resource soon!
I watched glee. I liked it.
Bring Back Ringer 20
I know, I know(;
Happy Friday!
cold. rainy. perfect.
"That's atrocious, you guys!"
Why did I have to go and do a stupid thing like that?
yeah god saved me :)
Damn now everybody Pacer fans
Can he use a pair of tweezers and a nail to start a semi? Wait, that's MacGyver. Wrong Mac
Kurt Vonnegut~ Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists unless laughter can be said to remedy anything.
Campaign Monitor. They're both user-friendly and technically flexible/ customizable. Also they're big on best practices.
#HighSchoolMemories When I got chased from a mother chicken...
Audible is recommending I use my new credit to try Fifty Shades of Grey. Is that because my last purchase was Between Shades of Gray?
Thank you for sharing Kat! Blessings
Happy Valentine's Day! We love you....
well you gon really needa wish right now when my goons come thru & start shootin stars.
#terran Fairlock retired a Ultra Male and got rewarded 20 points.
“: Had a hell of a workout #teamfitness” #TeamFitness Approved
I took FIR, TRS, & BVb out of my about me... I still love em but not that I can express in only 160 characters with the rest of my info Mer
yes! I can't take it anymore! It's terrible!!!!
That's like a person's favorite flavor of kool aid is "red".
I just pissed off a spider, it's in my room. I'm sleeping on the couch.
We are open. Get in here!
Goin to my doctors. They're gonna tell me if i have/had mono, strep, or pharyngitis.
Those "Scrappy" Buccos are streaking! RT : Probably the scrappiest 3-game winning streak in the Majors this season
we had a maths test today and i couldn't be fucked doing it so i copied most of sophie's answers... >:D
u remember me right
Stoned like a gravel road
my room smell like gain and loud
Pretty sure this is the year that Kevin Orie really starts to put it all together.
do you have stories to tell me tomorrow??
PM us for all your #transportation needs!
For interpretation to be social, museum has to open the door for visitor's voices, but not leave the room.
I believe in America the way Thomas Jefferson taught us. Not the way obamas big banking buddies want me to believe.
Watching the Yankees play the Oakland A's...and it is a very good game,,,since Oakland is winning 3 to 0. However, the Yankees are very good
why hello there.
Watching the #Boondocks too. Too funny!
Great to see Kiner throw the ball out at opening day
Lebron vs Durant could become the new Bird vs Magic
I wonder if prefers Miami Heat or New York Knicks ? He probably won't see this <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
“: My vagina is wet.” So that's what I felt :(
Wishing I could be in Vegas for 's show :(
Are you thinking of the Creation Music Festival essay? That one was good.
and that's what's going to continue to happen
Building roads and bridges thousands of miles away w/ our tax dollars is Bad policy
shut up
Just saw a certain young lady I'm following post a picture on Instagram looking like she used the Lamar Odom filter. No búeno.
Pretty sure I saw Devin Ebanks pull that shizz while he was at Bishop Loughlin back in the day.
I know right. (:
Welcomes all families to come support our boys as MURFC takes on UW-Lacrosse! Come out and show your support, MURFC Faithful!
Happy Friday!
she almost ruined it for us!!!
That's better than the reverse, anyway.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat. Lol
If the only tool you have is a hammer....every problem looks like a nail.
why can't you give out Harry's instagram?
So today some girl came girl come to me and was like "hey are you still obsessed with ?" my response is "of course i am"
don't forget the rainbow sticker
Vita-beer...is that so hard?
The Warriors are shooting 54.5 percent. The lead the Spurs 39-35 with 8:19 left in the half.
It's the first day of summer and we're ready for the heat! High close to 110 tomorrow. Make sure you stop by to stay cool!
you need to be playing cops and robbers with me ;) lol
2011-2012 concert series brochure looks great! They should arrive next week! press check at
aye cause ion have oil in my car...can that make it overheat
Be kind to yourself. Accept yourself. Love yourself and who you are.
& Lee Hirsch you made our day by posting this! Visibility for bullied gay youth is crucial. Can't let them be forgotten.
Good Friday sermon draft done. On to vestry.
It's Friday! I can feel the excitement on
APPY @ ODESK .COM FOR JOS MAKING GOOD MONEY NO OUT OF POCKET EXPENSE P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS work your way up grinding
haha. That's when I decided orange was a good color hahs
Hasn't already happened Via US Subsidiaries & SUPERPACS? Congress SURE seems in HURRY to export jobs & tech data to China!
Found another artist to add to the list of music to help me sleep. Joshua Radin's voice is soothing.
back to the #amwriting tomorrow. Characters have been sufficiently warned to expect conflict. No more Ms. Nice Writer!
I thought Will Middlebrooks use to play for the Chiefs.
I love it when chefs share what they themselves really eat, not what they make for others.
We don't know how lucky we truly are till God does something to prove that to us.<U+2764>
;; I hate my mom
Happy BDay, Sunny Jim. 130 years and Ulysses enters the public domain-a new birth. Riverrun past Adam and Eve's....
hahaha I miss you to! I can't wait till the day when we can be together!!!!
Glad u enjoyed! RT Had most amazing meal where improvised an incredible tasting menu 4 us.
if u have a minute will u dm me today?
facebook is to funny!!
What is the #Secret to the #Dragon?
It's too damn hot out.
Ima just lay here, watch the rain, listen to slow jams, and think myself to sleep
you should check out 's profile. She made an online portfolio...
Yes I do. 2 so far and another one on the way. Cordyceps:treating diabetes cancer and other illnesses and healthy without chemical
Looking at Wheeler's stats, he's not normally this bad. Just not throwing any K's, BB's up.
very soon...you don't want to see these parts...were polishing...
"Working with you guys was great! Glad we took your recommendation." We're always happy to recommend the perfect meal for your event!
If you don't throw like a pro, you gotta go!
ucch. I love your life!
haha I'm done for a while cause I gotta go do some shit lol
Dex: Always carry a flashlight...so if someone locks you in their car trunk, you can entertain yourself with amazing shadow puppets! Me: 0_o
Stay Tuned For #snailfishandroaches :D
These penalties don't matter when you are on the 1-inch line.
You were right on about your weekday picks. Spotted Kirsten Dunst at Westway Monday and Woody Allen Wednesday
thanks star :)
RUNNING THE OFFENSE DOESN'T MEAN YOU DRIBBLING AROUND LIKE A FUCKING MORON AND TAKING A FLOATING JUMPER
Good morning! Xxo.. up early!
it's not about # of eyeballs anymore - it's about engagement.
haters gonna hate, bakers gonna bake!
EII see you later love you!
#Commonlaw is one of my favorite show! Plus is super HOT ;D
ill write the program if someone fronts the money :)
ISO: VIP tickets to the Big Tap In
12 "Marketing Super Powers" #10 The Power of Determination - no matter what happens or how many "no's" you here keep pushing towards victory
Happy Saturday Beautiful People! Partied hard last night so I'm laying low today. My first time watching rugby and I like it - XavierLT.com
You can do anything! "I can do all things thru Christ who gives me strength." Philippians 4:13 (Bible)
Marcel the shell! :D
only 3 years—give or take—til you know the difference again.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou ...(?) You hav no chance of getting any type of consideration from me..
#myweakness that half smile that guys do.
doin my hair :)
Thank you. I shall take it impersonally!
there's a fair number of people on my follow list like that, if you like
Typical text message (12.am-5:am ) are you awake ?
Want your followers to stick around? You must ensure that your observations, complaints, and quips are actually amusing.
LOL it does sound wrong. Well Congrats on the new phone!!!
why am i obsessed w/
#slcwebinar you don't know if connections will pay off, but if you don't have them, they won't
Thinkin bout making the decision to move to Miami with my mother! One thing. I dont like living in Miami tho!
I'm seeing so many signs.
Thanks for helping spread the word! RT : Check out !!! Early #FF!
stop fucking with my feelings..vibes.
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 39
we're used to people getting it wrong
Oh yes it is. I love my country! :-) So many amazing memories. I organized an international trip for this summer :-)
So, if the hotel is not feasible without public financing maybe they shouldn't build it? Even with $300m subsidy from city?
happy valentine's day <3
Does anyone know how to cite a reprinted manuscript in APA? ie. John Dewey reprint in 1966 original print in 1916...Democracy in Education.
Have a good night, Anita. Sleep well. :)
Finally watched the #happyendings season finale. & crew killed it. Wud luv 2 hang w/ that crew. Best ensemble since friends
Good Point
Just realized battlefield 3 update gave us colorblind assist. Happiest man ever!!!!!
agreed.. I wish I could just be a hobo but I'm pathetic and can't be happy without money
I know but it's sinking in now
please follow me you girls are gorgeous!!
Authors beware. Publisher client reports that within minutes of releasing their eBook, it was offered on scores of "free" book sites.
I want another goal
what's argenta? this city invents a new hip neighborhood a day. cant keep up!
Working the night away as usual. Who's up and wants to tell me a story while I slave away on this comp? B)
your coming home tomorrow?
hey Drew!
For those who stand in the place of evil, shed me from your fear. Love yourselves for such courage. Show me your hearts and dine in heaven
Careless World releases Tuesday <3
Don't tweet when you're angry...Don't tweet when you're angry...Don't tweet when you're angry...Don't tweet when you're angry...
Monday, you've got me motivated & inspired beyond measure! A bright, early & on-the-go start to the week. Wouldn't have it any other way.
According to , my Klout score is 59 . According to today's Wall Street Journal, that's one less than GE CEO Jack Welch. Hmm. Odd.
#BandsILove School of Rock. :-)
Time is STILL WASTIN.....TASTIN my TONGUE after I've BITTEN IT....doh !!
ok... this is not sleeping in..but I am awake.
Can i get a follow if i do ?(:
Sure! No problem! From not on lets use #SWAG to show that we support and care about our wonderful Who's with me?
Dude! Josie found this at target clearanced for 5 bucks! You should go check it out!
Hey everyone! April 19 is Baked appreciation day!! Get all the free cookies til the sun goes down... Just 'cause we love you. Please RT! :D
ommmmgggg twinning! Haha a bad twinning though:p
New Orleans should have a hot dog eating contest featuring Lucky Dogs, like Nathan's does in NY.
"Looking at next 5-10 years you’re not going to see huge and disruptive change" [in journal publishing]
Got hugs from the kids in my class today :) gonna miss those kiddos!!
If you are a member of you get into our show FREE tonight! Come see us and laugh your face off :)
I love it
after that, 6th grade girls
My sister is finally back in P-Town. Love.
fuck ya. True fan right there.
thanks bud! U should hold a pic of me up on then.
#teachers so a kid asked me today...why do you have a skinny body and a big head? Awesome...
I'm free all day. what time works for you?
what you want to eat?
So it'll be #Sharapova and #Azarenka in tomorrow's finals showdown. Should be a good hard-hitting match!
Why can't I just meet Austin and tell him how much I love him tho.
This music is killing me.
I totally referenced that song in class slides last spring.
Thanks for the RT!
~in ur long winded apology, where is the one for Kris(& i don't mean your mom)? A real life? step away from the FAME
what you talkin' about willis?
WOW what a freaking brogue kick! #smackdown <OVER THE LIMIT12>
on my way, doin the ice cream dance.
*hugs* back to you, my buddy o' buddies.
Just bought your awesome video editor. Feature request - background preferences. Older eyes have trouble with dark purple.
almost forgot to set my DVR to record Sports Reporters cause its on #ESPN2 this week...phew!
Big ten champs! Rose bowl baby!
Friday flashback jam: Spiritualized - "Run"
Hey Lee how long will you be at Borgata for? Thinking about making a trip for last few tournies.
swag pack???
what was yours?
aww its gunna be so scute if beyonce has a baby girl. she'll have little single ladies dancing around ;)
I was singing in class! FUN! ;D
Watching in Off Their Rockers, love this show!
Lax game today gonna kick some steinbrent as!
For sure, let's do it! Would love to get our little ones together.
Today is a very blue snowy cold day in New York, it is October looks like December. Hope everyone is coping with this sudden weather change
Congrats to for winning! The answer is the Trojan war. Stay tuned for more chances to win here and on Facebook!
Well, first, I'm not sure I'd agree. I've heard many critiques that European arts world is stagnant b/c of lack of incentives.
IT WILL BE 81 ON SUNDAY.
if you find a solution let me know. Ill gladly apply it.
Hey , cheif those Jets are done Sanchez is a clown he to scary but anyway hope all is well . check me out week 11 looks easy
Dear "Popular People," They didn't name candy after you did they? Sincerely,Nerds
: I'm tweet-texting and can't do that.
Nick Will you please follow me please!!<3
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal | Pamela Vaull Starr
What is #AgileUniversity ? "Agile" is a software development / project management methodology.
Gotta give Lundquist credit, he ain't givin up nuthin to the Caps
Not gunna gunna mention any names but a certain spanish teacher is a real bitch.
Good night all<3
Thanks Kim! We will come stop by for some grits soon.
Whoa man, is really digging the new album, available today from ! Been on repeat all day.
Chen I love Julie Chen of #the talk. She is a very classy lady!
If money doesn't grow on trees then why do banks have branches?
watchu known bout this song boy
Fresh vegetables, jewelry, hats. this Tomorrow 10-3!! Come out and support!! 30th and Penn, SE.
thank you sir! I appreciate it.
Boston Dynamics Big Dog (new video March 2008)
M.. Haven't been tweeting in a while :[ but im gone start alot now :D
ocean county near toms river where da white folks at
Like WTF what am i supposed to do with my life?
Larry Merchant and Miguel Cotto are gonna pull a Las Vegas screw job on Mayweather.
What key advantages do you have over bit.ly?
"Shift the object and change the scale." M Foucault, D&P, p. 89
WUDUP HOMIE CHECK OUT SOME OF VIDEOS ON MY TWEETS
Welcome to the nerd chic club! Let us dance the dance of greeting to Jonathan Coulton covering Madonna's "Vogue"!
Pleasanton, TX: Birthplace of the Cowboy. And also where my next date is from.
absolutely, haven't been able to run the ball really at all this year, it sucks, but I'm loving the defense
Does anybody else remember when gas was $1 a gallon? I miss those days....
it's ok you know you want me;) hahaha
Did you know CRA is located in Sharon, MA? Did you know Tennessee's coach Bruce Pearl is from Sharon, MA? Let's Go Volunteers!
We leave in 3 days! Follow , , , , , & for the whole story.
"Girls Talkin Bout" IS #6 NO NO NO THT CAN'T BE THTS JACKED UP OH HELL NAWWW THTSJUST...MAN!
Oh....I like #baylors Tron uniforms.....
haha at least you "got it"
Had a guy sing me Crazy Girl saying thats his song to me..& what do I do..f**k it up </3
How many people want to see UofL vs UK in the final four? That would be tight!
A bit nervous but ready to get this game started. Only 3 hours...
Let see if I can have 500 followers by midnight tonight!!!
Its really Cold in NYC!! Plus I can't sleep!! I have a meeting at 9am!!
FOLLOW Twitter's Finest
rememberin the old golden days
Looking forward to meeting with leaders in the am. God is at work. Phil 1:9-11
To whom it may concern, I have cut my fingernails.
NEW twitter because this one is retarded - follow me. this one will no longer be in use.
go get u one lol
either one for sure! I have cookies and milk in my room. They're super yummy. I will tweet ya when I'm back from din din
That #Kobe 3-pointer should seal the deal! Congratulations ! It would have been embarassing to lose a Game 7 at home.
We'll c the final round of blind auditions t'nite on #TheVoice. Watch & preview it comg up on News4.
I know eating this McDonalds that run pointless but I grind hard in workouts everyday
April 17th, new album! I havent been this excited for an album release in a while.
What a finish to the Bulls/76ers game. That was fun to watch.
Wow Detroit....just wow.
Small Market Teams can't compete in the NBA...right? 3 of the 5 teams with the best records in the league beg to differ (OKC, IND, SA)
Karma thank u for stoppin by :)
#4242 sounds pretty good :) I like your name 8
Wtf sun and rain <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Find someone who not only pleases the eyes, but someone who will never fail to please the heart.
You're welcome--I am writing an article on the use of training as a marketing/branding tool :) Y'all provide great examples
hey Amy. Good to know for next time. Hoping this chef's choice does the trick
another visit to chano's? :) did you need a ride downtown? I'll be around campus in a bit...
you're a music aficianado. How's 's band?
We love beaver street! Flagstaff is the BizNiss!
happy birrthdayy! :D
Just got back from a great time at Cars & Coffee Las Vegas
WTF? Carl Paladino loses in NY? Well F%$K a horse, I never saw that coming
haha. Swat!! Swat!!
Well done, short article on website #redesign. on.mash.to/nIx7Un
Now I understand!!
Your comments are needed. Click on the bits and listen. www.freekshowradio.com
...on second thought, i may keep this account just so i can keep track of everything. but I AM deleting valeriefuck and jaspercunt.
did u go to school today?
yeah nigga I rolled up while we decided how many footwork battles were appropriate According to the beat
Damn you are hit. Need a new weave. ASAP
I love my mom,shes the best !
mine is Duck Hunt, only seems to be on Windows...my fav game for commute
I've been trying al day! PLEASE wish a Happy birthday! :)
Thanks! I appreciate your support.
Tip #126: The music we listen to will determine how we play. Want to adjust your aggression levels? Consider your music.
o.o This picture.
Thank you for the mention!
I don't know where these things come from sometimes... it's like word vomit
or that the world champioships of pole dancing were in Zurich in 2010
I smell burnt coffee and White Diamonds too!
okay but like does she have a new song lol?
It really sucks to be grounded
Last night got a little cray..
“: I'm attempting my first 5.12 lead tonight, which will also be an on-sight attempt.” let us know how it goes!!
In four innings, Curtis Granderson only has two less home runs than the Chicago Cubs have all season.
thanks for the shout out! We are more than happy to help with your sign needs.
So much for being optimistic. I guess i wonder what it feel like to be pessimistic. When im gone she miss it. When im near she hate it.
try #coworking = awesome + options depending on your preferences: cc
Great news! Mix 27 in Newark has just been added to our wonderful list of restaurants participating at VLJ's Arts & Eats for Justice Gala!
Forbes Most Influential Athlete is ... Jimmie Johnson.
I want my 3rd tattoo....
So proud of Ari Grande! :) i love ya<U+2665>
it's __MariaMartinez I don't know what those things are called?
Exciting packages, events, and specials are soon to come! Stay in touch & keep following us here for more details! www.hotelvq.com
The Avengers !
This is what makes man great, his latter to the stars
Good Morning. <U+2601><U+2614>
So my twitter isn't working anymore... Maybe I should get on here more often?
Rain rain stay away come back tomorrow around 4:30 (;
ok, so we are going to have to kick some quirky butt!
They're accusing the dad of everything but molesting Caylee & that's only a matter of time.
I find it interesting how a lot of mahomies are also beliebers.
good morning follow back thank u
lol I got you
Heading to Johnstown!
Lunch with the old coworkers just made my day! I miss hanging out with those peeps...
My heart hurts
Thanks for all the #FollowFriday appreciation!
he talked dirty to some chicks on the internet and sent them a few dirty pics
sucks to be sick :(
you rock:)
Can I get two packs of Marlboro's. Some snowballs. And a JUMBO COKE
I look forward to seeing everybody today at the 1000 STRONG FOR TRAYVON RALLY AT GOULDS PARK!!!
awh baby girl, I know how you feel. :( ": It hurts to see the father daughter dance because that's one thing I wish I got"
Smarter than the average bear
champagne at the refreshment break!
": Trying to finish the UMC budget for the next 4 years now. PRAYERS! #gc2012 #vagc2012" Knock It Out! Peace & Prayers!
wow!!! what type of battery are use using? my walkman keeps dying like every couple of hours
nun tryna see if i can make some fun out of wats left of my spring break
This Korean dude on idol is amazing. #unexpected <3
True that.
Almost everything grape flavored tastes like medicine <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
you see ima ghost as far as i can go i smoke to get high because the world is so low within me is soul, i let myself flow
#V100 keeps "down for my "ninjas" in regular rotation. I'm officially Jammin
Derek Fisher, thanks for your great years as a #Laker!
Im creeped out to the max right now.....
Had my visa interview today.
don't give a shit
"is that right rambo?" "get your stupid fucking rope"
- LOVING that the Guru has followers but follows nobody! True Guru style! :-)
My nose feels naked. I need to do something about this...
Spend 6-7 days a week with and never get sick of them.
Playing the.. I know wagner have no parking game
Prepping for our NYC writing workshop-retreat for the play I'm co-writing Looking forward to the focus, the work and the art.
For sale: thousands of pounds worth of Pete Doherty's blood, sweat and tears - The Independent
Aaawww thanks for letting me know. That sounds like a pretty color combo. A compliment from an expert, nice! :))
You ain't gotta call me your boo, just as much as you wanna fuck, i wanna fuck too.
I am so ready to get rid of this MT4GS. When can I get a S I on T-Mobile?
That was so amazing! Ahh, love it!! <3
#CicLAVia goers! Make sure you stop off at our 1892 Victorian home turned music school! We've been est. since 1914 and will have free water!
Today I've learned how to let the past be the past and forgive and forget.
love the new profile picture.
Ditto, found flaw, no ABC QT : Ah get me off this plane and to a TV! Can't take #Oscars...w/o seeing it myself
Yellow stone vs show time RT : RT : Clash about to start« who ah clash tonight?
Well if that's how u feel I suppose
it has been around 29C this week, so not exactly baking season, but I have a love of sugar and fat, so...
Cool! I'm definitely going to try and make it. It's too close to PDX to pass up.
Working on a new blog
That boy Bron Bron hitting that floater
wow i have not been on in a while, and i have no reason. I must be crazy or somthin, shool 2maro:), jk no,why why ......(slowly start 2 cry)
Happy Friday!! Warm up today with a spicy chicken sandwich for lunch!
Thanks to for the complimentary tickets for Wednesday, that was a nice surprise!
5/6 of a 12" pizza is a larger burden on your conscience than your gut
Tom Snyder, Trivera Interactive, discussing "Jumping on the Twitter Bandwagon for Training and Education"
Siting here and just remembering the past
Congrats to the boys at Bellevue prod!! Their script CRISTO made the #2011BlackList Way to go!
how's the wedding?
11 bands @ Red Velvet Music Festival 4.29!! get your tickets today!
Post semester enjoyment - arguing downtown property owner rights & responsibilities over a whiskey & soda in downtown
Join the for "Pop" Quiz this Thursday at 9pm to test your knowledge of today's pop-culture!
My friends cat looks just like lady mary grantham. Honest.
How bad is it if I get jealous when I see someone with a Jedi Academy Alumni sticker?
Been driving over 32hrs str8..4more to go..so tired
From the 'Most Interesting Shows on TV' file: American Experience - The construction of Hoover Dam on KPBS. (!)
Spotted many Ergo carriers at the Great Cloth Diaper Change event today in Arizona!
Always ask WHY,if U don't know. Better ask and look dumb,than pretend to be smart and really be ignorant.Ask,Ask Why not. Whats to loose.ASK
No D: lol. Some woman was at walmart giving them away... :>
Just watched episode 2 of Shameless, what a great show!
what's wrong?
What food was the culprit?
orlando.. This the kinda shit that ruins the trip!
Who do I talk to about working on the new Forbidden Broadway? Does anyone know Alessandrini?
Window period is the time when a person becomes infected with HIV and the time when the body has antibodies to be detected by HIV test.
word. see you in an hour
hi Mr Durant it's me Mason guest tweeting for the team was AWESOME last night!!!! Great job
Warm pretty day!! At Cultivar - getting ready to be caffeinated & fed. Today's going to be a good one :-) Happy St Patrick's Day!!
yeppers. Saw Di Wash yesterday. She ducked and covered when the guns went off.
inline comment of the day: //first one is min by default - booyah
Top Fantasy Baseball Players from Week 3, Apr. 16 to Apr. 22: Fan’s Review
Can I add 'strategic emailing' as a skill on Linkedin?
get in touch with Miles.
you just said bruh ha ha
The way my roommate smell <
Is the broken relationship between vendors and higher ed a result of "the boy who cried wolf?"
High quality early education is critical
yes, very funny and interesting. Definitely worth seeing...and vote at cvillemovies.com!
Wow. I haven't seen someone legitimately rock a fanny pack since the 90's. I think I might try to bring them back.
Getting readi den off 2 work! Have a good blessed day y'all ;)
Lace the fuck up!
You guys want the totally ridiculous upset of the weekend? Denver Broncos 28- Green Bay 21...let the madness ensue
by all means, then! :)
should have taken an instead of dealing w shitty cab drivers
I leave 5 weeks from today.
Thanks for the encouragement!! Your job sounds exciting!
March 3rd. We are at Sticky Lips pouring our beer while our boys, AudioInflux, rock the joint. Details coming soon
Having a panic attack after looking up the meaning of my dreams.
My brothers username is @ bradsTOF . GO TELL HIM IM A NICE PERSON AND I DONT RUIN EVERYTHING(:
tirade en private message,que to no jodo mucho con Facebook.
ha ha! Lucky you! Hope ur doing well
#youknowwhenaguyisdesperate when he goes around telling everyone how big and long his penis is. Right ?
CyberLink Unveils a New Way to Express Yourself with Photos & Videos ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Also an ethics of openness at a university... UNIVERSity, anyone? Yet, administrative resistance, given corporate status
Tosa rugby is about to lay the wood in Grafton
so sorry, I hung around a bit but had to get on the road. Just got home a few minutes ago
I think you are tweeting about the wrong ?
May the Divine have mercy upon me! I can only plead for absoluition!
At the horse. Congress & michigan. Just saw officer w gasmask on belt and lady w anti-Rahm buttons laughing and taking pics together.
love you bud!
Perhaps Miss Stella (Artois), you and I could have a threesome sometime soon? ;) x
Living with Rosacea: An Interview with Cynthia Nixon - EmpowHer
I'm real cute right now.. I busted my lip while opening the door to a car and hit the door to my face, at least it was the end of the night.
I hate when im listening to pandoria and it just cut off like what the truck!!!..
will the website be back soon? Hope all is well.
I kind of want to dye my bangs bright yellow... Yes? No? Maybe? I have no clue.
That moment when you see the live tweets from an event you intended to be at.
RIP TWITTER
#CNNDebate Would Mr. Gingrich be willing to serve as governor of the new moon state he proposed?
Andrew Luck is so uninspiring! He is Alex Smith overrated. Is everyone verbally blowing him serious!?
RT : "For 250 years, parents around the world have been deciding to have smaller families" --
AND it's the only season that starts and ends on one calendar year. No stupid hyphens RT : MLB is the best league ...
Need to buy a new computer lol smh....
Around The World Around The World Around The World Around The World Around The World Around The World Around The World Around The World
Life will start to get better soon, right?
¿Which is you better momment? please reply
Nope! Both smhs...
Well at least I got some stuff done.
Today 5th period >
Technicals for Potash stock (POT) - extreme resistance at 153.50, also the former 52-wk high...
RT One of the best 90s cover bands kicks off their residency at Cedar Street tonight. 95 Proof, check em out! www.95Proof.com
YES! Just heard that one.
Ellie Golding on the radio, ah shit
i aint got no talent except football, basketball, and DJ'n(:
Diva Photos to Leave You Breathless
gungor> any other artist
#Imagine You: Uh it's raining.. Austin: No, it isnt, its sunny! You: it is. I can see the rain. Austin: not in my world, you're the sun <3
If ABC renews, it's to get it to syndication which means at least a full season, so they really can't treat it like crap.
Just got out of the movies and headed either home or out
What is the best time to factor in a workout in your day? 6:00 am? 8:00 pm? There has to be a system to the madness!! ;)
On my tombstone just write, 'The sorest loser that ever lived.' ~Earl Weaver, manager of the Baltimore Orioles
Good morning! :)
I run out of time on so many things today. Will try and catch up tomorrow. :p
yayyyy then i get ot see you cous!
Such a pretty day in Boulder. Giving big girl a bath. She's looking pretttyyyy dirty
I should have known better
Reading Samuel Eliot Morison for the first time. Stunned, and not in a good way.
Today is the day can't wait to see what you bring to the Holiday Pop Up Shop! adores !
We'll Never Leave You Justin <3 You're everything to us<3
Filming cooking segments #recipes fit for founding father
thanks!! Will do
Do u have eyeshadow?
My tweep list just got exponentially better now that you're here. :)
I'm pretty sure our office needs one of and radio controlled helicopters from
No, but a close second to Greg Popovich.
Voted! Follow?
“: that was the added bonus hearing you sing your own song.” off key and all? Lmao! Can't wait to dance again!
a whole new world...
We are on iTunes, finally. Go see for yourself!
A real Duck hook!
That's still a mighty tough choice. I think I may go Demon Hunter first and then Monk.
3 new planetarium shows start this weekend: Wild Ocean, Life: A Cosmic Story, and One World One Sky: Big Bird's Adventure
thanks looking forward to meeting you!!!!
I need to get a manicure done
Looking forward to matching wits with on the racquetball court.
Shout out to all of my follower's!
RT ": You need to fix your attitude #igetThatAlot Well it wouldn't need fixing if you weren't acting like that"
Merry Christmas,Happy Holidays, Happy New Year to all!
Have you looked at Letterpop? Haven't used it, but bookmarked it as a possibility.
woke up at 4:30 am to prep the fresh ham leg and get it in the oven. Delicious smells are already filling the house...
#loex2012 "We can only read text if it is housed within a social practice that gives it meaning"
Game of Thrones comes back tonight ladies and gents!
That's a nice lamp you got there, but you should really check out my lava recliner.
Doctor who is the question
Mmmouf has such a man crush on him. : )
lets hope he doesnt..but not looking good.
Your not lyin.... *cough* Billy Cundiff.... Sorry Raven Fanz..
Just signed up for compete pro. Was wondering when data up 10/20 will be available?
I'd give it all up NOW this minute for what I love most, I hope you share my passion for success.
no hbo. :( I'm watch Madrid Barca for 4th time this weekend.
Just saw the gas doggone 4$gal don b surprise yall see me rolling up to church in a 3pc suit knee pads an a helmet on a bike
can't say you're wrong to complain bc I don't know the sitch. But it was their loss. Seriously.
Tonight is the night! Taping ep3 w live audience at 8p, in of CleHts. Get your FREE TKTS starting at 7p
It's a federal holiday, meaning all federal offices are closed, but most businesses remain open.
Sometimes you gotta rep where you from, but where you from has to rep you too!
RT they'll snap outta it one day// or maybe they wont!
DON'T BE MEAN, WYATT.
Hey ! If you happen to be in town this weekend, I have a comedy improv show at Playhouse West on Saturday, 8pm :)
Hope he goes Big Willy Style for just one verse
(cont. from prev. post) The oversight rules have been a Big Joke 2 Wall Street, & lack of Adequate Regulation caused our financial crisis !
still casting
made up for that quickly at
Sublime. MT : I like to swish Jell-O back & forth through my teeth till it turns to liquid. Plz tell me some1 else does this.
There's entirely way too many people at the mall right now
Congrats, ! Thanks for helping promote. Get your free drink tonight anytime between 7-9pm. See you tonight!
Haha college and the people who attend..fml
Http://www.Flipcups.com has The Beer Funnel That you Build. Check it out from a 1 to a 4 Person Funnel
That awkward moment when the girls dress is half her length. This girl has to be 7ft. I'm trying to get a pic, only her head
#cgxemerge miss your insight at Emerge! Many Jedi warriors are weeping...
#RBMA the deadline approaches....lets see who is slepping......
To be a great athlete you have to be fan and love the sport
baby you can take all of it!<3333 I love you(:
Yes, I saw that, so I do Not nor will I ever try to Bungee jump.
Come meet superstar musician, Nikki Glaspie at ARTS TOMORROW @ 4pm! You will be in for a REAL TREAT !
Easy. Roast beets in foil (350/40min). Cool, peel, slice. Great with arugula, goat cheese, walnut oil. Hint: use yellow beets
No Zumba class today due to a family emergency. Our thoughts and love are with you Miss Alejandra!
If I'm Wronging Lord Forgive Me..
i got you.... i got a clothig brand btw im thinking we can do some stuff to help us both
Dog and duck now features Santa`s Olde SmoKehouse and Biergarten...watch Santa smoke camels!
Dose anybody know who is saying bad blogs about me? If u know please please tell me<U+E058>
its 2012 do yourself a favor get yo mind right b4 u get left behind for real.
I hate the lunch ladies at my school lil ugly self do the most be wantin to just go on em so bad
Could someone please put some lipstick on Chelsea Handler?
We provide therapy to students and their families for a variety of issues like anger management, etc.
The #SingleLife is where its at.
He just needed some hate to fuel that bat
Well at least he didn't do no damage. NO go CC get dis guy
Speak Easy Open Mic starts at 8:00pm tonight! Get your name on that sign up sheet early or you might have to wait until next week to wow us.
Ha, was just reading Joe's tweets and thinking about Path -- similar reality distortion effect at work?
I don't know how to take that comment, I can't tell if you are being facetious or not? Hm
The jerk chik'n was awesome!
My head hurts and I'm hungry
I thought i heard reindeers on the roof :) RT : According to NORAD, Santa is in San Diego right now!!!
I think you people are onto something. Thx!
That's going on my list of memorable tweets.
frozen yogurt with , and a walk with >>>>>>
Your advertising support of Rush Limbaugh is beyond unfortunate. Clarify your position and hold him accountable
Happy #Bday Ms Lady I hope you're having a fantastic day!
thanks for getting my hopes up and then shooting it down with reality -_- if you come to Miami soon, you have a customer.
RT : Our featured achiever is "World's Ugliest Woman video vs me...I think I won" Read more at...
I live 5 minutes from Stage AE should told me I woulda held your shit for you lol Im also a medium sized RA fan lol
Crazy busy IS good. Remember us little people when your book becomes a best seller :).
Five hour countdown until Springsteen at the Garden. Sorry, Orioles. I still (kinda) love you.
Its really here!
I'm not sensing enough of the typical jaded journo attitude at the #techtrends panel. See what giving out Starbucks cards can do?
Muthafucka this is God Gift
Love it. Did he cite it?
I play the game that I will not lose at.
Dinner with friend Nihal. He sang Gala Gala Godari la... in Pokiri.
hahhaha sorry walmart
are you going to dinner??
How was your weekend Guys?
Good Morning, CLO Breakfast Clubbers! We're excited to kick of the 2012 series at The Ritz-Carlton, Dallas!
In the studio putting demo vocals on dance smash its wicked! Awesome team on this one!
Ouch. Looks like Ray Allen re-tweaked his ankle there. He's still in the game but must be playing with lots of pain.
I mentioned this Boeing Hanger is big - but President just said you can fit Disneyland inside
Circle of love , you deny the person that treats you right and they deny you . Don't complain
Damn I'm nt the only one smart gesssh everybody keep hitting me up bout they oydessey I'm not doing anymore after I'm done with these
Mothers day brunch begins!
Yeah, he spells things like "skelpit" in WWF. ;-)
hell ya we do!
I went crazy & like as many hunger game accounts as I could! Me= obsessed!
Bring it back
ok. :) whats ur opinion? i wanna hear it.
Yo grandma got monster truck tires on her wheel chair
My mother is the strongest woman I know.. thank you teachings advices and DNA because without you I wouldn't be so special (: #
Hahaa. :] Yeah, I love my team!! Sad the seasons over -.- But thanks Zerran.
: Please markup the Online #Poker Act. Remaining issues can be addressed with amendments, but the time to act is now!
Finally in MD. Can't wait to get back to Cville.. I just feel more at peace there :) lol.
because I like talking to you (: that's why
my book is about life
its me and my moms tradition we always carve the pumkin wen its on
When you find true friendship, you'll find true love!
do it! It's so much fun!
hey guys! any idea when you will have availability again? thanks!
and nacho man candle??? RT : #mancandle sounds way worse than
I'm being such a dick to Chad lol.
Eternally cursed as an insomniac
you act like its a surprise... She would blow a tree
it's true!
I feel lonely inside I just need the 1perfect guy to make me feel warm n fuzzy but 25% of that amzing feeling is comin from twts
Today's the day! Come to the tonight and join us w/ the to get a Glimpse inside the Assembly Line
jesus christ, it's late.
thanks, hope all is well!
I find a bit of pleasure in holding the door for people that are still far away to force them into an awkward run...
Unfollow this page now and follow my new one I'll follow back
Being brazen will get you everywhere.
Happy #SharkWeek everyone! Don't worry, DK has had ZERO shark sightings so far!
why cant you just take no as an answer and get on with your life?
YAY!!! I have family in Schenectady!!! So glad 2 C U spreading the word in NY!! What kind of foodie are you?
NO, CAUSE I ALREADY WON IN MY MIND
Is it odd that I like a girl that stalks me? . I get a warm feeling when I look out my window and she is in the bushes.
Happy Easter! Record breaking egg hunt here at the McGann's - all eggs found by 6:32am!
My lord omg
If you think that your role in a meeting is to spew germs into the air the entire time, maybe call in next time
We're a composers group based in NYC, putting on eclectic pieces from composers; Negron, Winslow, Faingold, Glatthorn & Lemmon.
lol, you don't have to. i won't even be able to get it.
Great story!
getting psyched for my Music History II final. Bach, Haydn, Mozart, Schubert oh my!
keynote = Greatness is about choice & discipline
More! Prolific and IT guru ( and are on but infrequent)
breakfast burrito
except the Kindle. and Word.
You always type like that. Lol RT : haha I wasn't.. I just typed in an excited manner.. aha
Shooting a music video is long and exhausting. Lots of waiting for shots to get set up.
if you have the hard copy of our album, the lyrics to it are in there.
What gets posted on university social media? Admissions questions, events... what else?
do we design an executable architecture from the bottom up? or top down?
go follow my other account -
aw thanks Leith, glad you be part of your life as well, and I could NEVER forget about you ;)
Happy Birthday Jesus!
contrary to what direct mail agencies say, I don't think direct mail is really anyone's "thing" :)
are you going to warped tour here in vegas? (:
I bet you will never see this and you will never follow me :(
DUDE GIVE ME A CALL I'VE BEEN WAITING GOD DAMN IT!
very excited for Friday.
I think those are the only two ways. I imagine it'll be on YouTube or something tomorrow...
Looking fwd to tomorrow. A little early but worth the view. Anyone here in ABQ 4 the event?
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Ive noticed more often than not, people, including myself, know what to do but have trouble on the how to do.
How's everything going in 'Bama?
Life is not about kissing ass it’s about kicking ass!
Thanks man!
I love you, Space Cat.
My ability to detect BS is a gift and a curse.
Cool story bro. Wanna hear mine?? It's a fairy tale. Once upon a time...nobody cared. The end :)
Homophobes will fight ever harder. If being gay isn't choice then can't choose to be "straight." Have to face selves instead of lashing out.
Bout time, now maybe you'll stop whining
Will do...Cheers! ericcornemusic.com
It is said that if you know your enemies and know yourself, you will not be imperilled in a hundred battles; if you do not know your...
in the spirit of , three words at three AM: loyalty to
The second includes a cover up re: POWs but there are 2 more. One set in Afghanistan & the more recent one somewhere in Asia.
Good Morning Twitter Peeps
Sometimes I wonder if my Twitter stream sleeps at all.
You there?
doubtful. It makes me look sickly lol
Shout Out to the team
To be a great leader and so always master of the situation, one must of necessity have been a great thinker in action
they took the lead Bernie! not tied!
it keeps changing.
#schoolmemories thinking that Seneca girls are way prettier than Waggener girls .
yessirrr.. Ill text u when I'm back
r u gonna be in the 5th season?
Ralph Waldo Emerson: What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
nah... I have a Mazda 3
Finally got a handle on my conf schedule. That only took two hours
Looking at Pinnterest for a client, wondering how does one generate traffic to the site, is it linked up to Facebook or linkedin? Thoughts?
Good morning world... On some #BOSSSHIT as usual which means #IDGAF bout #PETTYTALK keep #MONEYMOTIVATED for my attention...
You're so hot; you make the sun envious.
hahaha ehhh it happens to the best of us
#S_H_O_U_T_O_U_T my 2 lil brothers have fun at prom tonight be safe no funny bizness y'all #LiveitUp &
Definitely care package status. Where are the sponsors?!
What a butter face, right?
Yaaaaay! Really looking forward to celebrating the #ChineseNewYear with everyone. Thanks for the mention!
Hes everything I want and more(:
hope you're having a great weekend so far.
good point about the artisans!
shut the fuck up! For that I'm gonna go with my rainbow. Ahahah
CHICAGO WOMEN who want a better relationship with their MOTHER-IN-LAWS! Amazing team: & Megan Moser coming to YOU, today!
Not sure that was a foul, but Berggren has to be smarter than that when he already has a foul.
The beast has become the master. Somebody collect the Twitter :-)
Sam Claflin Joins The Quiet Ones
Making delicious holiday treats for the kiddies!
If we haven’t rec'd a message, it doesn’t mean it hasn’t been sent...Sometimes, it means we haven’t been listening hard enough.
Me and at work together she over here playin games on her phone when she supposed to b workin lol
Going to see my bitchess ;-*
fuck an eighth I need o's
oh i dnt know about that...sorry
#askjobs, To President Obama, will you kindly please hire me? I can work your MMO upgrades...
im good just tweetin it up lol
Love is the best weapon against suffering of ourselves and others. It is the only way to avoid creating negative karma.
"Be yourself--everyone else is already taken."
Congratulations on the hiring of Hilda Kouvelis as your new Chief Accounting Officer, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
If the people we make music with R like family - how in hell r we failing them so badly? We'd better damn well start asking each other now.
After the prostitution incidents in Columbia, Congress passes a resolution to rename agency the "Secret Freaky Deaky Service."
they are similar enough to make a pun :)
:) Good Times! RT : #FF These cats I met last night.
Funny how people celebrate 4/20, Hitler's birthday, by burning a living thing and then giggling uncontrollably....
I like how they worked January Jones pregnancy into the show, as Betty gaining weight, but she should have sang "Booty Booty Boo".
created a digital simulation of slave escape for exhibit last year. Very popular.
man them folks aint playing about this twitter shit, you stop twitten one day ya'll leave quick...smh
Hey Wisconsinites! Check out some other awesome clothing companies hailing from Wisconsin:
I dont want them to settle...I want them to aim high. This is my dilemma for today.
That's what I did when it happened to me not too long ago.
totally agree brotha
Don't miss 's Taste of the Holidays event TODAY 12/6, all GSE students are invited! Free food from all over the world.
I wrote the article b4 alot of other stuff came out. Just trying to get ppl to realize 2 sides to every story.
Lol debating if I should watch Keith or something else . But we all know it'll probably be Keith..
and there goes my upgrades. so much driving!!!
": I'm showing #FullyintheTux cover art tomorrow... Get ready. Fuck it Fully in the Tux drops 11/15"
RT : Haha, yes! Hard to take a bad photo of food. YOU ARE ALL THE BEST!
A new Sienna poll says 52% of voters are saying "no cuts to healthcare and education", even if it means raising taxes!
okay! I will search different things. Thank you so much(:
Free cover to any lady wearing those on Thursday (proof needed)
holy crap i've been on a major hiatus! woops!! sorry everyone!!
Try this: iamawesome
This megabus stop is a Walmart parking lot... Um?
Damn dude!
How Many Eggs Should You Put In A Basket To Cement You Future .
Congratulations you are now the F O O L of the day and we're only 43 minutes in, you now have 23 hours and 17 minutes to go!
I think should get his ass moving and get ovahhh here.
to be honest,,for your birthday,, I'd rather #KISS your tuushy than #spank your tuushy 29 x per cheek!!
dude, fuck words with friends. Let's start talking about retina display comic books!
I am to excited to go to Ron Jon's surf shop.
It's Jason Carey your welcome to follow me.
yeah! We met a ton of awesome couples. Hopefully we book some of their awesomeness.
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Mr. Rogers.
When using resistance bands, try using a 5-second isometric hold at the peak contraction of each rep. You'll notice a difference.
if so, you're DEF. invited! :oD
This stretch shirt needs one thing: I have to tan myself LOL
Lmao bitch i'll beat yo ass AGAIN. Next time imma leave you layin in the ditch lol this nigga funny man
fruit with whipped cream. You know straight G shit.
I'm at the WSUM studios pre-recording Saturday's show! Whatcha wanna hear? I've got requests for Dino, Bing, Noel Coward… what else?
Hey, #phillyete speakers -want to be a guest w/me on the to talk tech- sign up onsite for a 5-10 minute spot.
Thanks so much! Looking forward to listening to it! God bless!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 22
haha ya but Maggie seems more fun and less uptight
On Victorian archives and tension bw information wanting to be both expensive and free.
they make the best margaritas...and try a tuna locaaa to...delish =)
The weather forecast may have cancelled the pool party but we are open and serving up your favorite tastes of paradise!
Fun part of the job, shopping! Just ordered new stationary and promotional materials for the business.
just did his thang at the laff house cnt wait til the next show!!!
technology is just moving too fast for me these days
At the shop come get fuego
Would Jesus use An iPhone or Android?
Are they all staying with you?!? Have fun entertaining members of the #AUClassof2016!
Survey at this party says best buy ad is a winner RT : Brands making SBXLV ad debut in 2nd half include Best Buy,
Song will be up in about a half hour!!!
omg love the pic.
Salty is completely sucking. Varitek would have made that.
Kind of weird to be done with sports reporting for three-odd months, but I'm already excited for the B1G media days.
. recommends talking w/colleagues about clicker questions. Writing Qs is tough; learn from your colleagues.
Just got our last song back from the studio! Sounds awesome. Really excited to share our new stuff with you guys!
Keep my name out ur mouth
RT : If you wanna know something, ask me. Don't assume. That's how drama starts.
cool I'll add u after my show, get out of that traffic too, lol
we will see <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Did Osama forget we made it through Bush I and II ?!
It concerns me that if the #apocalypse does happen in 2012 that i will have 2 sleep w/o the noise of a modern fan blowing in the background.
Great Question. Agree. Women visit the doc 50% more than men. Poor comm would certainly get increasingly irritating
#waystosayyourbreathstinks " I think We should Start Brushing Our Teeth More Often , Maybe Even Before Bed :)"
From Q&A: Word docs, etc., can be dragged and dropped into
Buffet for mommy's day. tried (a tiny piece of) squid and was actually impressed at the deliciousness. Lol. Hmm.
outlining systematic approach to integrating social media into planning
staNding in line waiting for my turn!!
Harden got like 4rows of teeth lol
i'm the FUNNIEST person you know. (throws head back)
Leadership is getting someone to do what they don't want to do, to achieve what they want to achieve
OMG Mike in the back LOLSSS!! :)
And I was planning on going to bed early tonight.
"model"?! Hahahahaha! Thanks bro!!! #keepswinging! Have a great weekend!
Live in such a way that you would not be ashamed to sell your parrot to the town gossip.
People who FLY OFF IN A RAGE, usually MAKE BAD LANDINGS...!!!
hahaha my mom thinks the next dog we should get is a fawn pug and name it felton! haha i think its adorable or malfoy haha
I will tweet you(: haha
Watch next week for a chance to win tickets for the VIP Breakfast/Viewing Balcony, including catered food and a visit from Mayor Barrett!
Enjoyed the Georgetown Sip & Shop Sample Sale with Emily & Sara! Scored fabulous earrings from Charm.
Congrats on the new show.
correct her!! hahaha
So ready to see non ratchet bianca tomorrow!
Getting ready to watch film as a team. It's ok to make a mistake, just don't make the same mistakes twice.
Why do YOU embrace the word Ni**a/Ni**er quake?
RT I hate wen DJ Khaled's fat ass randomly pops up in a music video screamin "We the best!" Lol// me too!! Lmao
At IBM office in London for a couple conference calls. Sun is shining, few clouds in the sky...a lovely day for a proper pint!
Sounds like the Circus was entertaining. I'm assuming the comments about what people were wearing wasn't about the clowns
So ready for dance class tomorrow.......NOT
If i didn't talk out my ass all the time, i'd have nothing ever to say. haha .
We passed our 700 mark! thanks to all the Loyal CSI Miami fans out there! :D
Put together a VIP list and use text marketing like an account manager to that list.
Okay now goodnight for real :)
eyy going round london you?
no time to sleep money keep callin so fuck it
but there is one very long gratuitous 3d camera shot of his ass in sweats.
#SUPPORT song (Find my way)! reverbnation.com/realjonjon561 , (RT) if you like THx! :D
Message me.
If anybody's looking for a great make up person in the LA area, I've got a great one--Sarah Dorsey.
IMA GROWN ASS MAN
I want my nuts roasted
ARRRRGH!!!! Friday. Shooting 2 films tomorrow though. Which is going to be an experience but still beats today!!!!
im literally crying on the phone to her voice is making me cry so hard i miss her <3.
I so deserve it...now onto looking to increase my barganing chip...find a more prosperous job...and yes on vacation
Damn cold is getting the best of me...Soup then bed time!
My moms been out of town since my birthday... she needs to come home I cant handle these crazy bitches anymore
A stranger I was playing Words With Friends with sent me a text that asked 'Where are you?' so I said 'Spelunking in Madrid, Creepenstein.'
Did you have a mint julep today in honor of Kentucky Derby? If not... there is still time!!
If you don't leave the QR code up on the screen long enough for me to get my phone out, how do you expect your campaign to be successful?!?
VOTE IN THE PRIMARY TODAY FOR NEWT!!!
"....and knowing is half the battle!"
If You On 2 Mollies Download My New Song @ 2 PM
AndyTarnoff the E&P story is just great. Congrats. What a cutting edge site.
relapse indicators RT : Q9 keeping secrets, feeling shame, remorse and guilt and not talking about the source
Vietnamese food at Cafe Hoang tonight, if I can ever get off the 55 bus.
This music buying experience is like entering musics private world, no distractions.Artistic musical expression deserves undivided attention
everything just remibded me of you. But its. New year maybe ill be able to put this behind me.
Oh wait yesterday from my dad.
I can't seem to find a proper home for this dog. It's cute, it's sassy and smart but I can't find anyone compatible ah!
only if I said I prefer eating Tagalongs from crotchpocket of one-armed blind stripper
I love power naps
yaaaay! Call me tomorrow and we will hang!
my mum proper loves them hahaha\
"You say I changed, I say I grew up. Maybe it's time for you to do the same." There certain people I wish would listen 2 this
I have a feeling it will get out of hand.. Looking forward to it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
When I quote others I do so in order to express my own ideas more clearly. Michel de Montaigne
great minds! I am here getting one to go! Love Homeslice
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Totally addicted." by Judy
ignore the haters. You're beautifully pregnant. That's all :-)
How many fidelities does it take to say enough is enough?
The iPad was made for sick days.
Everyones talking about drake
These slacks were not hemmed for the shoes I want to wear today.
I'm on west coast so that just spoiled the ending for me.
A REAL MAN...is a WOMAN...ha ha :-P...figure that out!
GO MAVS. RT : I seriously couldn't care less about this darvish crap. It ain't baseball season yet. Chill out.
RT : In Las Vegas at #aicpa_taxstrat conference using app developed by from Portland, OR. Pretty cool!!
Time to get rid of those textbooks! Check us out!
new m83!! beautiful. otherworldly. my week has now been made.
Skyrockets in flight: Sam Elliot, circa 1976, in "Lifeguard." His chest hair nearly rivals his mustache.
If my Uncle Sam jokes about being owned by China one more damn time...
Pretty sure they don't. The hippies might still though.
im just tired af right now ,
Watching Fun with Dick and Jane. Gotta love Jim Carrey.
SmogShoppe Wedding: Christine + Matt | Officiant Eric Schwartz ...
I feel for you brother. Health care system is so broken.
RT : Who's your favorite character in the #fiftyshades books. BESIDES since he's a given ;)
#DeleteMyNumber if I send you a long text and I'm expecting a reply to that equivalent but you reply "k"
TAPAS is a great project; so many people spend months marking up TEI but then face the "now what" question.
is looking good performing on that #southernground logo!
any word on an interim until they hire someone?
Can't believe Whitney died before bobby, I'm not the only one who's surprised.
Will you ever follow me? <3
“: WOW, first time there's drama involving Nialler..” Oh my god I know it's so depressing :(
so you admit youre annoying hahaha
that's what typically Fortune 500 company CEO secretaries make. Typically a master degree is required. Thats how it was at GE
Nice!!! Eat fish and stay healthy!!!
Bong Bong D-Rek. “: ..I can't wait to shoot this movie igot comin out ..with director ..lol.. #IUfilm”
wow, already posting?! Didn't you just roll in? Glad you made it.
why did u block me :( what did i do nothing
thanks for the support!
Glad you loved your experience with us... We love your wraps!
yea i knoww :/ she doesnt even take the time to properly say hi to me in the hallway between classes..its just awkward now
thank you. Would love to chat when you have sometime. Shoot me your contact info when you have a chance.
Where are we headed as a people and a nation?
Time to Start Editing My PacMan Blog!!! yay!!!
Right here, silly! ;) how was your day?<3
.+~!|+ THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I wont give u or owe u a apology I gotta sale in a hr and half now I'm mad lol
Thanks Mindee!Any ideas for future contests or giveaways? U seem to know all about these! We are new to twitter and still learning!
I do, lived there for 8 years, how can I help?! Where is the conference? cc
Kindle software is mistaking exponent notation for footnote references.
last library I worked at was much busier, & would NOT look up someone's record if they didn't have their card or the card #
I won't say another thing I still have my rights and I plead the 5th
I'm hungry!
Your world, playa!
#school #libraries not included in hearing? Why? Good schools need good libraries!
yeah buddy
Just watched HBO's #Girls and loved it!! Can't wait for more!
Goodnight everyone! :] sweet dreams love you :*
Focus on God and keep your thoughts on His word. LIfe gets hard but with Christ all things are possible.
Getting ready to hear Laura Allen speak about the 15-second pitch on an Adrian's Network call. I always learn a lot from the pitch girl.
Remember those warm summer days and juicy delicious burgers? We have one of the two, stop by to see which one it is;) Open until 8 tonight!
My newest baseball is done & up in Cooperstown- it is of Doubleday field- came out nicely- let me know if anyone goes up there and sees it!
Giuseppe Tentori - GT takes Chef of the year..
We are close to opening up our Google+ page as another avenue to stay connected with us. Details will be coming soon
Flight attendant wants me to perform mid flight. Ah Southwest! You are so silly:)
Game ball to Eric Bledsoe!
For Wednesday in the month of June, we'd like these dates filled: 6th, 20th, 27th.
This is how hard I've been working lately. In a dream I had earlier today... I was exhausted. I was tired in the dream.
I guess Hidden Chronicles is the new replacement for farmville.
Got your tile samples shipped off! TY for the follow too.
Someday I want to meet Robert Pattinson in front of a bunch of screaming Twilight fans and shout "Oh My God! It's Cedric Diggory!"
A fake friend would knock on your and ask to come in, A real friend would just walk in and yell "I'm home, whats for dinner?"
Congrats for another successful Boys and Girls Club #kidsbreakfast. Keep up the good work.
gotta write a 26 line poem by 1st period tomorrow... sigh...
Welcome to the Karma Cafe. There are no menus. You get served what you deserve.
If you want to be respected, you must respect yourself. - Proverb
what ws the high score for the ring race? what was the answer to the gold question at the klondike place?
It's Ravens Sunday= Free Purple Slushes location. Just ask 4 it when ordering>limit 1per tix, no other promos/disc, med size
30 Seconds to Mars, Awolnation, or Breaking Benjamin for this week's upcoming video?
all in tact and working I trust
packing for #CHI2012 with the lovely Ready for some Austin food tomorrow!
Thank u music_message 4 requesting "love rules" I'll send it 2 u in d very near future listen 2 additional great songs
In the process of doing my nailz :-)
Suarez: Going to a museum should be an act of consent where you agree to be a stranger no longer to your fellow citizens!
i need this chop bad!
I just hope that's not the way they come out of the ear lol... JK
LA won!!! yayyy (sorry amanda)
Was really frustrated no one was answering my calls...then realized it was 12:30 and lunch time. No excuses now people.
OMG Taco Bell noms… jealous ;P
They are having a party at the Gem Saloon when they get home!
Attending CSI: Projects session #PMXPO2012 - really interesting, amazing work challenges. But, uh, I'm going to pass on hot dogs for lunch.
lol question is what u gone do wit it
MIDORI 'S MONDAY MIXER: LL Cool J Parties All Night Long In Las Vegas (PHOTOS) GlobalGrind presents to you, Midori 's Monday Mixer. These
3) "A Day In The Life" Paul conducted the orchestra & told them to start with the lowest note and gradually play to the highest
RT : thanks so much to all of you that have registered for our tweetup tomorrow! can't wait!
Gluten free brownie mix in the donut maker = Bronuts
#USMNT, #USSOCCER, you need to get results. Plain and simple. Test new guys-sure. Results are key.
Search terms that brought people to my website: cardboard tony tiger; retro christmas tree living room; 1970s bell bottom cords picture
Who's that?
I'm incredibly proud that our President took a brave, and morally correct stand for Marriage Equality today!
Haha, you might as well subtweet me when you talk about me :)
I hope Geraldo wears the free hoodie I'm sending him.
Man that was my favorite card
My wife just had 4 wisdom teeth pulled, and yes, I'm a Borscht Belt plagiarist, she's still smarter than me. #hennyyoungmancanuhearme?
there are no words. Foligno took the team on his back for that tying goal. Keep it goin'!
Seeing that Dimora's appeal has already been denied turned a good night into a great one. Let's get it started!
Happy birthday prima! Have the best one yet!!
Oh, very pretty!
Happy fills the soul when we discuss a "Wine Walk" for 2012. More info to come:-)
By which I mean Doing Impressions of Prominent Persons, not Painting According To The Fleeting Impressions of The Moment - DvL
well im not a hater i love you n yer music :D heehee gud luck wit yer anger management :D
The Predators answer on their first offensive play. A long touchdown pass from QB Chris Leak to WR T.T. Toliver. Game is tied 7-7.
- this nigga GanGbanGin at the doctors office lol such a Lester for ya hahaha
Un un u can't tell me nothin...
Don't forget tonite is the big nite! Street Vendor Fundraiser, Part Dos! Come get some pupusas, posole, tacos dorados, sopes, aguas y mas!
perfect day to do nothing
you da best : )
My new gym partner :)
In bed till almost one o'clock on the last day of vacation. I won't complain.
Oh gosh I'm dead
great to hear from you! Thanks for birthday shout out!
How to Get Paid What You Are Worth Every week as SmallBizLady, I conduct interviews with experts on my Twitter talk show #SmallBizChat. T
Brookbank catching up to Getzlaf's goal total
so is the lakers front court
Lottie's brunch is on in the 98118!!! New York strip scramble...and other stuff, yay!!
: Both Phil Jackson and Ozzie Guillen talked about taking care of their families or grandchildren when it came to contracts.
Thanks for checking it out!!
hey, did you mean the one near Exposition or near Adams?
I hate when people do that
Wine, wine, & wine...hello Carson City.
Was #thatonepersoninschool who sucked at math. I still don't understand how a letter can equal a number to this day
not sure they make a weed-whacker powerful enough
Thx 2 AISD middle & high school art teachers 4 making empty bowls yesterday & Michael Geer for the generous use of his art room & materials
Thanks, Mike - I really appreciate it. Thrilled to be here. Feels really weird to finally be graduating.
Creating a presentation on digital libraries and copyright.
Reviews Wanted: Jonbull's Stock Guide: How to Invest Profitably in A Volatile Stock Market on
I hate WSVN.
outta 51 states illinois is ranked 28th from most educated to least educated
If you can see this dm me :)
Finishing up some final graduate homework and came across this slide; a project manager must focus on managing 3 primary
Thank you for the #follow, !
Feeling the need for a protein boost? How about a Chicken Soft Taco Light packed with protein -29 grams!
So happy about endorsement from #sdgop for
is my hero
Short sales. Do you qualify? What are the legal options/ramifications? What are the alternatives to foreclosure? Ask Sherwood Law Group.
follow me I will follow back,,,,,,,
4+Beers="Get in the hole"idiots
I knew it. RT : Actual PR pitch in my inbox: "Do you know what women want? If you guessed online meetings, you’re right!"
Is that a promise of a live tweet? ;-)
thanks for following
Never been this sick
I do believe I am absolutely in LOVE with the new #JadoreDior commercial! < 33
Praise the bridge that carried you over. ~George Colman
that's funny cause Grandpa wasn't blood. Very cool guy though.
just back, wasn't bad. The class was an hour originally set for 1.5 hour. I'm not sure I would have wanted to do another 30mins
UPDATE: still rockin' the cuisine of Siam, and still plenty of room.
I love the cold places <3
Good morning, Kevin ! :D <3
Did they happen to say how old the Firefox version had to be? Explains why I could pull it up on the iPhone.
A great Mardi Gras coming to a close. UJO Brass Band Blowout was a blast! More party music at all our gigs from now on! Eh-la-bas.
Bill Murray seems to be making uncomfortable.
My swag is retarded
Laugh my penis low...
knows* you're an alcoholic :D
Shanks. Be seeing ya in less than 24 hours!
Yeah were good how bout you guys??
I'm not celebrating, I'm staying here. Might do the Beans N' Barley Brunch though!
Put on those dancing shoes and bring the family to the FFL to watch JIG at 2PM this Sunday!
Do You like Sports? Are You a Winner? Ultimate Social Arena, Free Dating & Sports Network. <U+262E>, <U+2665>, <U+263A> & Sports 24/7 - Uniting Sports Junkies!
In gr8 company!
kicking butt and taking names :)
I can feel my heart breaking.
lmao y'all both need to chill!
Cold Pizza for breakfast (;
AND KOBE SAYS GNIGHT
hey follow me back... It's me Taylor :)
Thks for RT. Hope you can visit us in Virginia when we're fully operational!
follow my original account and direct msg me your email , i will send it for you :) #Cenation all the way
debating on whether or not I should sleep tonight.
soho? Haha more like Chinatown adventures!
the wikipedia source is accurate, i cant tweet my textbooks! :) but that's not the point, it's basic biochemistry.
RT : IT IS NOT OVER LAKERS FANS.
Well it was a awesome day ....
thanks, not it, but it's making me think he was somewhere on lehman's site. i'm going to keep looking around. thank you!
What'd she say?
Praise Him for all you have.
damn, how fake can you possibly be
924 days since won a title. Starts back at 1 tomorrow. Congrats Tiger.
Organizing travel items.
#NasTheDon got that on replay. Takes you back to the Illmatic days.
be sure to read my post on Checkered Socks man! Later.
Doing IR exercise for class, comparing online journal databases and web search engines. Disheartening results.
Game of thrones on deck
#BOYFRIENDmusicvideo OMFG. MY OVARIES ARE GONE. I LOVE YOU
check out the new education book from who will be on speaking tour this year
Jimmy Jam.
That's it exactly.
wasting my days at get go lmao
congratulations and a great project you have.
Speaking in Atlanta on May 17. Details to follow.
definitely! I head out the 21st. When are you done with finals?
umm maybe a star wars character?
I feel like only I can set the smoke alarm off, even if nothing is burning.
im going to regret this
Late night and early morning as I prepare to launch a pretty ambitious campaign today - website, advertising and social media. Deep breath.
You won't find it until I want you to find it.
: get the Red Velvet Pancakes!!! M
Fry: how has Rockefeller agenda changed under your leadership? Rodin: recognize globalization as the megaforce of 21st century
A person who wants to stay thin & healthy should avoid fast-food restuarants like the plague
Twitter followers... Should retail banks insured with FDIC be able to act as investment banks? Is it too much risk? Should they be separate?
Exhausted.. Stressed out... Fuuuck, go away school /:
A draw! Shelves filled with scores of both series (in order of course) would be just heavenly.
me neither! Haha I don't ever get on twitter anymore
LOL, keep up the good fight!
Will you go on date with me to the cheesecake factory? <U+E402><U+E418>
Happy Birthday to an epitome of an active #globalcitizen who constantly seeks to inspire and change the world
I think its hilarious all of the different things has planned for when he wins the
FRIDAY NIGHTS LADIES FREE $5 ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY & KITCHEN OPEN 21+
Man is right in his own eyes
Oh thanks! #YouSeeWhatIDidThere too!! | ": I can tell that you've been practicing"
better be glad I don't know her whereabouts I would have been made a house call:-(
I'm with you! I heard they're hiring...
that could be the Same photo for
in a park at belmont & the river.
#Packers UFA signing Curenski Gilleylen played WR 3 years, switched to I-back at Nebraska. Packers apparently consider him a WR.
Yay! Short story or your magician novel?
Bye twitter.
confession: I'm obsessed with list making or my life feels out of control :/
“: We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police...#Fact” how sad.
Boy, I am sucking at the Heisig method. At 1047 kanji I average about a 67% retention rate. *shakes head*
What did I win?!
Wow. Nail biter Supreme Court election.
I don't like the lakers >.<
ugh! Please make it stop!
Just because it doesn't exist doesn't mean I can't fall in it!
#realtalk Keisha get ya ass over here.
Waste Management’s Apex Waste Services offers free TV/computer recycling @ 13 Peggy Parkway, Reeves St. Dunmore. 8am-4 pm, Sat: 7-9 am.
HOUSTON - Tonight: (TSH) with/ A Cursive Memory, The Narrative, & Speak @ ShadowPlay Lounge!
oh , did you guys win ?
Peetsa crust in the oven, on our way to a homemade white pizza. M.
haha. I love you!!
good looken Gary.stay up.peace P
Major implication of Google+ : "How do you meet the needs of the converged?" via
A Book Is a Book . It Will Be Rechanged Over And Over . And That's Why The Bible is The Bull _
Thanks a mint, Big Will!
next tuesday is my last day!then next year im a freshman and im scared to death!
Eating lunch at Chick-fil-A is the best form of birth control money can buy
oh well, it's done. -deletes from life-
hey you have your own website?
#OH reply: You know those are just robots, right?
The brain is an organ. The 'Mind' represents consciousness or intelligence. Exercise intelligently. MindFirstFitness.
Booze cruise was super awkward. I think I need to write this whole day off and just start over tomorrow.
ZOMG just one more paper! It's like summer is so close I can feel it's warmth on my face.... (except it's pnw and prone to clouds)
Devon Energy Earns $393 Million in First-Quarter 2012; Oil Production Increases 26 Percent
Read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction.
Lots of people to pray for...
Keep throwing your bricks at me, I'll use them to build something great
Just finished listening to what makes you beautiful cant wait till 's new song is on the radio cause in austin the play 11:11
im not so sure this race is going to go so well...
I just want to take a break from worrying about grades and money and just make some music and art. Is that too much to ask for?
Thanks for the RT!
Okay. Guys. Come. On. Let's. Fucking. Go. Shit.
So, stay tuned, I will be letting you know when the results of this research project are finally made public within a month or so.
drinking the best tea ever with
#Medeco - 1st one to answer correctly by replying to tweet will get a prize. Not sure what that prize is but it will be decent.
u speak the truth mane that's real memphis 10 ass shyt
Celebration of Globalization - A Cultural Showcase at the Temple Performing Arts Center today! Come check it out!
Aww. I missed you too.
"What do we do when we do philosophy," asks A salient question, one of rhetoric & method quite precisely.
rally monkey?
Unwound is the most underrated band of all time.
When I was in my early twenties all I wanted was a girl like Kate Mallyon cuddling me like that!!!
i can't ever remember being sad to see a Friday - but the last Friday of Spring Break is a sad Friday, indeed.
I did!
criminal minds and pineapple slurpee.
Hey i heard you were a wild one
it's a family letter c.1815 that at some point in early 20th century was put in cellophane to 'protect' it. RT What is that??
hahaha he probably won't go
we use la colombe coffee which has such a great product. Can we make you another one?
We party all around the world.
I'm starting to reread a book I last read in first year of Uni (~10 years ago?); Why did I highlight instead of annotate?
I wish lobos could of pick up somebody yesterday
you are in my prayers bro. Hope everything works out. It will trust him.
How about just ONE time on 3rd & short, the #Browns line up with a fullback in front of Hillis and just smash it?
My fat fingers have gotten me in trouble twice today on Facebook. I'm glad I can't accidentally RSVP or send a friend request on twitter.
Wish I could go!!
Are you going to read Pamela? There are some crazy textile/clothing details in there. Hiding journals in petticoats, etc.
Drake voice: you promised me you would never change
Singing I like big butts down the hallway . I'm awesome .
I love thunder storms! I hope it does this all night!
Gee thanks for texting me..
What that means is that 600 special ed students are probably now "included" in general ed classes.
What's the point anymore if you're always to busy for me now...
Super excited to tell everyone that we just pushed geolocation to Now you can target based on where your visitor is!
Well my week end started, guess we are to get more snow. Hope it's not like last week end, still have snow on the gound. Have a gr8 week end
hope to see you there!
Fun fact for your weekend: If you mouth the word "colorful" to someone, it looks like you are saying "I love you"
RT : If you work in social media (or want to), you can learn a lot from what's happening with &
Can't wait for the contract signing
Happy 3rd Anniversary to HEALEO on Capitol Hill! Congrats and thank you for providing another organic healthy option to Seattleites :D
Good morning!
hey I am so late replying (just saw this! D:) but anyway you are so welcome! glad I can help :) you're gonna go far girl!
my school has 8 buliding and is spread out like a college campas
One way to fix the Lakers lack of perimeter shooting. Two words:
Good morning :)
fuccin chop yo dreads off bitch boy
meeting this guitarist to help me get this music together and he's LATE!
I am looking forward to seeing you tomorrow at the eTechOHIO tech conference. I need to know how to prepare for 2015!
You're welcome!
Don't you ever wonder if the Asian kids think that Panda Express is very subpar?
Q: How do you know if your boyfriend has a high sperm count? A: You have to chew before you swallow!
Approximately 40% of US deaths are premature & due to lifestyle choices. What r your choices? L&A can help w a wellness plan for companies!
- if u do end up getting 1 out of there & into ur car, let us know. That'd be a gr8 tale 2 hear & be pretty darn cool.
~ Yep! Already got it! :D
My DP wore a shirt that said "Sword To Fun Friend To None"
Nymphomaniac: a woman as obsessed with sex as an average man. ~Mignon McLaughlin, The Neurotic's Notebook, 1960
Austin is adorkable
#someday by #justinbieber! yeah!
are thinking that this 4-song EP business might slightly somewhat be turning into 5-song EP business.
is takin' it to the streets...full story tomorrow!
I'm not there but I'd be happy to take a picture of my tv!
Really in the mood for some smoke :x x.x
“: Ok I see you pacers” just remember what i said that one day
Looking forward to all of the knowledge you're going to be dropping on us!
I jut love your singing and seeing you on tv is like seeing you in the Glee already!! You'll make it far.
And get their asses kicked. #justsaying RT : Officially one week till the play in the Super Bowl.....
Better. and I both made it. :)
Is it next Thursday yet?! I must know how season 8 of Grey's ends. WHY WOULD YOU LEAVE ME WITH A CLIFFHANGER? DAMN YOU, SHONDA!
I dont come to School to please your Pathetic Ass , I come for An Education .
Allegro Dance Company will perform at Wheeling Jesuit University on April 2 at 11:30am. Join us! www.allegrodancecompany.net
Royal Rumble Moments tapings Send all your favorites to to get shout outs on the show
Hey! I've been great been getting outside with the warm weather...what's new in your world?
Officially on vacation! The only question I want to be asked for the next week is "Sir, can I get you another ______?" (i.e. steak / drink)
cool. i love it! I don't think many people know you can do this.
First day back in business after last week’s kitchen fire. Come by! Being closed for a week was no fun. We miss our customers!
you got a new desk?
True. Kudos. You know, I admire the purity, but there's just something too compulsive about him. He needs real experience.
I found my iPod..
I feel real stupid and worthless at this moment
#Swaglo like Hello
same difference between seeing objects in storage and then seeing them designed into an exhibition.
I'm stealing this idea. Shit I'm broke! Lol
you should follow me, and i'll buy you a cookie. no joke.
- Do U still have the hook-up on Red Bull these days? re: driving Red Bull car
the shave Barbershop the best in Miami For More Info 3058661940
Never like this for sure. I jumped on twitter just to make sure I wasn't seeing things!
Hyperlink works in jsfiddle but not on my blog. Ideas?
Apparently a barber for Chris Webber was not included in TNT’s production budget.
Do you think our cover photo is a clue about Colab?
Thanks to for turning me onto
We'd Luv 2 C U act. This Saturday U can join R online casting director class with L.A. Casting Director Ty Harmon. Start time 10 a.m PST
Going to Pasadena next year. RT So what's your new years resolution?(Oregon duck related or actually useful, it's up to you)
That means you are coming out to Illinois to give blood again right?
C. You have just seen a Stephen Daldry film.
Adds to my sense that I need to learn more abt postwar girls' readings of Anne Frank...
RT : As you take another breath, someone takes their last. Stop complaining; appreciate life....
well-spotted, if we go down in the next thirty seconds you'll know our site is not built to handle celebrity.
i guess some things happen for a reason
I cant believe thought dreads were gonna be an ok thing to bring around me lololol she already washed that shit out
C'mon man, your NEXT looks like your EX! And you've moved on? Ha! •jS
Hey and , you should meet ! They mayor made them official and the event is Saturday!
this new twitter app is difficult, but its cool. lol
(Reflective face) MT Also most overrated RT : LBJ is the most underrated president.
I guess. Lol. I'm concerned with things I was completely apathetic about when I was a little younger. It's so strange.
#HappyMothersDay to all this wonderful moms out there. We really appreciate you
DTrain & Skyy to perform @ Crystal Manor in Brooklyn on May 11th classic!!!
Last night's keynote for #oatsummit Alan During was inspirational. He described our stud quo as "car-head".
You blocked me on Facebook...and now you're going to die.
End of the bottom of the 1st, OLLU leads Texas College 3 - 0.
taking shirt off..... oh lordy, I can buy a TON of treats!! Have a great V-day Cady!
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Advanced Medical Isotope Corporation, as Commercialization Partner, Receives Washington State Life Sciences Discovery ...
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow I would cry .. I wouldn't know what to do or what to say
The majority of my nights in February have gone wrong. -sigh-
History professor is lecturing with armpit sweat through her shirt. There goes my focus
I just couldn't get into atlantis, and didn't even start universe. Good? I'll have to check it out. The first was my fav...
I wish the US had more English Premier League Football coverage it is only on 2 channels and 1 of them I don't get
So this lady wearing a baby phat wedding dress...lol
leave it all, buy new, then before leaving give it all to good will.
I just crapped a #moonfruit!
When poly girls ask me for my number on the lightrail #notsureifgusta?
Does anyone use Flipboard? It's awesome.
Love helping friends run away and avoid their
can i be vinnys then plizeeee
Good, now that we know Mike Daisey is a lying dick everything's fine at the Apple factories, right? O, new iPad!
Just emailed to ask. Will let you know when I find out.
Agreed! Love Penultimate-- will mean great things for teachers and students to organize on an iPad, etc
can you follow
We have arrived!! Let's get it!!
11am at #sfsaloon, and there are 130 people in front of me waiting to get in!
I am still freelance on saturdays, anywhere I get booked is where I will be
Wednesday : ) 2 days!
Flacco from the Shotgun!!! TD!! Nice Play Calling Cam!!!
I'll never look at her website ('The Holder Position') the same way again.
Ever feel you want to just explode? maybe I'll get drunk... seems like a plan.
More pressing matters, I know, but jik you didn't get an answer, much of #Haven is filmed in Lunenberg, Nova Scotia, Canada. Stay safe
RT : Not a word on #MichaelJackson in todays morning paper. Elvis of MTV generation is dead, so is news on paper
WILL you play COMPUTER game's...
Where's a photo of #Pittsburgh #Steelers #HinesWard n Kym w the trophy??? I'd expect it to be all over the net by now!
Goodnight twittersphere. Maybe I'll wake up to the followers I want.
anyone afford favor need break buy my 1st book Imagine selling 100 of 1st book can only luv u 4 help Python by Carina Nolan -Amazon.com ooxx
#OomfNeedsTo stop acting like we never knew each other .
No, moms with strollers. Totally spread out all over my car with your baby stuff and leave your SUV doors open while I back out.
#FullMetalJousting is awesome! Props to History Channel for picking this show up.
"you're capricorn gnu, maybe gnomish the gnome; Jericho's walls are still standing for you, so Joshua don't be too long..."
About to give a presentation on Transforming IT in Education to an audience of 450.
LOVE!!! But actually that sounds delicious.
I'll draw you a map next time so you know where to look. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I realized so much last night at dinner!
Last chance to see our 50 members artists are displaying works about "Love & Other Cravings."
Nikki is a great mom
I didnt see you!!
. had 20 million food scans in the first 6 months after the feature was released
You work today, so that you may take vacay when the sun is shining and 70 degrees in May (or June).
love hugs and kisses
Come join us for World GIS Day 2011 in at 1:30 on Wed. Lightning-fast mappy goodness AND cake! bit.ly/vnHC3i
Laredo rules hard.
yeah :) That's a great gift!
I'll put this on my to go... I've been seeking a church home... And I'm picky :)
Interested in returning to WOW? level 80FREE upgrade to Cataclysm7 days character transfer, interested? message me
IEPPal News – 1. We’ve added training videos to the main application and to our web page to help get you started.
watching nbc news...
True story... Lol!
i wonder if people find it weird when you tweet something and put the same exact thing on facebook.
thank u for Bibleizing us. We need all the Bibleization we can get. Graduation ceremony is Thurs,Apr5. 90 lafayetteSt, near 6train
thanks :D you too mama to be! :]
Guise! go follow !~ shes my cousins ^.^ click the follow button.
To refrain from imitation is the best revenge.
Looking forward to hearing speak : is going a different way. on #sportagents at 10am
Money, cars, sports, beer, women. In that same order.
Women in #London ride bikes to and from work. Women in #Miami take spinning classes so that they don't have to work.
Since I cant cheer because I'm in the press box I will get it out on twitter .......Beat LA,Beat LA,Beat LA!
Watching ' show on On Demand. Why have I not watched this before?!?
Shut up yes you do » “ I Don't Care Anymore.. I Just DON'T !”
I would love to be in place at !!!<U+2665> Really
Sorry... I've been living w/ a lot of distortion and BS on a day to day basis the last 3 months.
bored on the late shift?
jus sent you guys some can you check it out and let me know if u post it thanks www.pipedreammusicgroup.com
"#MostOverratedMusicArtists Justin Bieber
This is short for Florida University!!! Ha!
Sherry Boas is a mom and author who lives in the Phoenix area: Sherry Boas has written a trilogy of novels that set out to “subtly address…
#FML they got another touchdown
Jeremy Lin is not returning. Lemme say this, he aint gonna do shit on the HEAT!! like him playin gonna make a difference
Currently stressing about how to convince my sister not to put a relaxer in my 12 y/o niece's hair. Advice please?
your day will improve vastly from this point forward.
pleas pleaseplease follow me!!!!!
yeah. you better get ready. (I see you walkin toward me. you slut.)
Press Days for both Joseph Trapanese and Dave Porter went fantastic yesterday.
thank you for the mention! :)
shorty don't chop me shorty don't screw me. T-PAIN! that's what's up! Yep, I'm going to be tweeting random lyrics. In a sing songy mood.
is new to twitter. Quick, everyone follow her.
On the way to the concert!
Wow. Thanks for sharing!
Things that are awesome: loose fitting jeans.
Is the important concert june 20 or may 20?
follow back punk
School's canceled for my district and I have no plans.. Any ideas?
i would like to be in the malkmus video
How old do I feel? Tomorrow AMC is celebrating the 30th anniversary of ET! Watched it with parents in '82 at theater now next to Peppermill
Haven't tweeted in so long. Hey guys. :) It's 5:50 am where I'm at. :O
Was awesome, you guys
OMG Camtasia is driving me nuts today...I just want to edit this recording for my WI peeps!!
you need to soon, he's getting big fast!
I wwant to get tap tap revenge version
Last day in #vegas about to go hammer
i want a guy who likes my friends,calls me "babe" and can take my jokes. ok, where are u?
<U+266C>I want a girl with a short skirt and a long, long jacket<U+266C>
Holy crap I thought Coco was 50 not 32!!!
Everybody creeps <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
hahahahaha get fit
dear whoever you are, your not the same anymore. love, whoever i am.
Sweet dreams, everyone
Hey <3 its my husbands birthday tomorrow., and I get my period? No birthday sexx for him(; happy birthday <3
Congratulations! Looking forward to learning more!
“: hand shake aint matching ya smile” my jam
For my Fans Im gonna put one more track...give me ten minutes..
How'd you get 4G?! I have AT&T and mine still says 3G. :(
It's golden section time... time to whip out the calculator!
RIP Dick Clark
HE'S HEARTBROKEN!!!
glad u made it safely...Enjoy London.. #LOVE ;)
Dinner ideas?
Gay marriage is silly. The reason we have marriage at all is because human beings come in two genders. Nonsense.
I want to marry
Super productive day! Just had to tweet that!
Would love to chat with you at UXHappyHour about the UX research work you are doing.
New track just uploaded to our band page...go check it out!
Chief Teare is answering basic questions about his job.. Declined to answer a question about the "DROP" deferred retirement program
I just audibly swore at a Words with Friends game. Maybe it's time to go to bed.
Really?? I once lived with a cat named Bill Murray. "God damnit, Bill Murray pooped in the closet again!"
The commercials are the only thing that have impressed me about this year's Grammy's.
i dont know if your gonna see this, but it would mean the world to me if you followed me<3 your my inspiration. ilysm<3
at the library rite now i like it here its so quite unlike my home jk jk i luv it there too
BUT IT'S NOT A VIRUS :P sounds like fun. Did you download the app that Julia and I told you about??
I want my hip bones to be more visible..
Learning is the beginning of spirituality
#FF Follow Friday: #Crowdfunding experts to follow
Put my clarinet beneath your bed 'til I get back in town.
Chapter 2012 Page 109 of 366 What's the worst case scenario? Exactly...now breathe and move on!
Kudos 2 earlier Tweet: I Agree: Who wants 2 do some business 2day. Let's allow this social place create marketing PR solutions. Who's in?
Hey , how did your day go?
Literacy Mid-South is looking for a part-time Community Relations Manager. Job involves PR and fundraising. Let me know if interested
*acts like that didn't just happen*
I just say David Foster's Great Performance on PBS. Loved it!
Pro tip: in need of good background work music? Go to pandora.com & when it asks for an artist, type Madlib. Been listening all day. A+++.
<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> RT : My relationship is like an iPad. I don't ha
yeah, certainly makes me feel old lol RT : ah, the good old days...
Just taking it easy listening to some def leppard ugh back to work tommorow
Manic Monday -- some shows are better than others
u get my question about club e?
Chocolate for breakfast!
day 2 going well.
I recognize that place.
great getting to see you last night brother
" is trying to tie his bowtie... So unbelievably adorable
It's your last day and you are not even here?!?! We better see you next week!
are you at the border session? I'm a QR fan. Would like to say hi afterwards.
The real question is do u snore and drool on the plane? I had a fellow traveler do that to me on my shoulder.
Last home high school football game ever. #greyhoundnation <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
Going to the Pirates Cove
aye! watch your mouth
I want to try some things: Have a tickle fight that turns into a make-out session&See if kissing to much makes your lips turn real pink
Thursday= Friday Eve.
10 Top Luxury Hotels for Weddings
Am I supposed to tweet?
"Wedding Rings" - The worlds smallest handcuffs.
They'll prob move Jones to right- heard yet who they will call up?
Some guys just cant pull off the v-neck smh.
#audibles they should give tbow a new pos name like passingback or something. He just isnt a quarterback to me. Great player though
why are you such a douche now? You used to be so cool! I miss the old mike!!..NOT always hated you!
Did you know: All FM radio stations in the United States end with odd numbers. :o
R.I.P. Carl Beane...Prayers go out to His Family... Gunna Be missed by the #SoxNation.. It sure wnt be the same without Carl On the PA
Kick the dog... RT : A3: Wring your hands, cry a lot and quit...no, reverse that! Never too late!!! Ever!!!
RT It's 420... Do you know where your trees are?
Stacy Keibler () is hosting the VIP Party at SUPERDRAFT on August 27. It's going to be a memorable night...
lol naaaaa, I definitely didn't go to a party that day lmao
didn't think so
Fuck shit up.....That's all I really want to do
playing today?
You have our full support. Start at Barton Springs. “: I kinda wanna start a Walk of Shame fashion blog.”
Nice analogy, bro. Criminal to see these kids not making any revenue in college IMO. Pimps always rule. . . .
Holly Cow!...Top Natural Breast Agmentation Review? ???
good! i hope that will deter you from doing it again
RT Daily #SHOUTOUTS Great to tweet with ya! #FOLLOW these 2 tweeps, thanks *thanks so much!*
biggest headache ever-.-
how ironic that today is the day I chomped down on something hard in my Trader Joe's peanut butter and pulled out... rocks!
Our affiliate team just joined twitter! follow they will be at booth 332 & 334 next week in Las Vegas!
wow is gay haha don't you think so lol
Gotta get back on my tweeting. The early twitter bird gets the worm I guess.
Thanks for the #FF! Happy Halloween!
9 miles later #legsfeellikejello but an awesome bike ride.
Yes Community season 3 on Thursday! Thank god this week wont completely suck
Virginia was the center, I saw reports all the way out to Detroit.
“Procrastination is suicide on the installment plan”
I did partake in the free TV, however.
I'm away from the office at the moment. Please be patient and I will respond to your request upon my return.
Bouncy ball = perfect toy
"Awesome! Sloppy Joes. That's camp food" my coworker with a huge grin on his face
everyone should follow and enjoy the incredible knowledge they spread by having insightful humans sharing their ideas
baya loves you. That's all the love you really need. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Go #Reds! Time to rough up the Brew Crew.
Thanks for your support!
30 minutes or less = success! $30 or less - close $35! Yea! On my way home!
awesome! wish i could be there
Lololol I meant weirdo*
The Bulls could play 3 on 5 and win this series.
Finally getting out, What's SD got to offer?
I can't believe how awesome
Nice to "meet" you!
The ocean is calling me.
Finding that perfect reed out of a hundred
Why wait till Super Bowl Sunday to score that AWESOME TV, Check out Buddy's. LDC and Plasma TV's starting at $16.99/wk.
Walking around stop n shop mindlessly
I use an app called Photo Grid its fee to download
I am forever stunned that even though they know me better than most, my bosses still allow me to address a roomful of media in Spanish.
": A girl just needs one guy who would be man enough to prove to her that NOT all men are the same. #GirlFacts"
Getting ready to launch 2 websites in the next day......
I'm big into fashion. Love wearing suits myself. Own like eight of them thus far. Looking to add to that.
Happy Mother's Day for all of the new mommies and all of those who have this thing down to a divine science.
They do have southern accents.
Guys, you're so sweet. Love you
Sushi date with my best friend like old times!
WOW. At least no more 'flying to miami' tweets.
Get this intern outta here! She messing with the church's money! LOL!
It's dat badd I'm bored in dha nurse office
what kind of work do you do?
Jake Owen is the luckiest guy in the world being married to Lacey Buchanan she's a fox
if he talks to you and not me im gonna cry jk
Keep an open mind and be kind to one another! Sending you our love and positive energy!! :) XOXO Ava & Loretta
I'm guessing that you still won't be able to pick Tayvon Wilson out of a line-up. #Who?
TRYING TO FOLLOW BACK BUT IT SAYS FORBIDDEN DON'T KNW HW 2 FIX IF ANY 1 KNWS LET'S US KNW
Well, at least Utah has Derrick Favors to look forward to next year
Name the player who went scoreless for the last 8 min and threw an awful game changing turnover last night. Clue: Not Steve Blake
Great turnout ! Come Feb 1 to learn out about Greening Health Care! www.nmgreenchamber.com/abq
Looks good!
real name is bitch.
4 hrs 20min to see who's the first if anyone who remembers.....
wow wats this about
Almost late for my #sundaylibrarian shift because some slowpoke was going literally half the speed limit on a one lane road.
We are open for your last min. Tattoos , so come get it ! We will be open till 6:00
Ah, Summer. Thinking about a day at the It's been far too long.
Day started good, then bad, now getting better.
Just ran into Joe Biden in the halls of the West Wing. Very cool dude...
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn You find her in bed with a dude that's not you.
I love I just sent my bestie a belated birthday gift via an e-gift certificate. Makes life SO much easier!
See MIDNIGHT IN PARIS! A fun Woody Allen film!
thanks for the RT. See you at viva chile.
The customer service man was so helpful! The woman in shoes refused to help me. Looks like I'm not buying from her ever!!
Jonathan. I gotta know again, what r u wearing!?
I don't want to tell him. You tell him. It would be weird if I asked him to tell me happy birthday. Lol
I'd go see Zac Efron in 3D. *swoon*
RT : LAST night to get your Globaco on B4 food truck season! 4-8 at the Ale House! Come try the new stuff or one of yr faves!
The newest S.O.W.: Ham, Pineapple, and Green Peppers. Tasty. Wonderful with a Sprecher Root Beer and a brownie for dessert.
better start snappin back on them
I'll poop on your face
Just because you're against gay marriage doesn't mean you have to post 73920174 things about it.
Hey errbody, welcome to the new Corey Nance twitter! I'd love for everyone to head over to myspace.com/toyotamusic and vote for STC :) <3
We are now booking Halloween Event flyer designs, they are 50% off original price, So get your event flyer design only $60.00..
Do you know my dad?
How's my East coast #Gladiators enjoying the walk down memory lane? The inception of #teamoliviapope => Chicago loves it!
Hehe i like ppl with blue and brown eyes and its ok :)
Driving back from Nashville n this monsoon! Don't remember a Labor Day like this 1.
New topic - A few shots from the dead system and the unworkable combination
has read your tweets, seen your username, thinks about how much each and every #Mahomie loves him. He notices YOU.
Doesn't trading Tim Tebow bring your organization 7 years of locusts and plague?
has tickets to the #Timbers v #Boca game. You can't beat us! We are the #ROSECITY! GO #PDX!
Working on Two Residential Building Plan and Calculation Submittals; one for the County of San Diego and one for the City of Encinitas.
Just went walking on my lunch and it felt great. A brotha was feeling kind of sluggish.
ugh I know. I write a poem and I suddenly turn into a weepy mess!
Thanks for the follow:) Wishing you #MuchSuccess and a Happy Sunday:)
u don't must pay attention, for me u're the most amazing person in the world:)!
COOL IM 14
Cool lets do it!
thats church for ppl here. The south <<<< choppa suits too
we have a 7pm slot open, just happened call and mention twitter for $35 float, this expires in 30 minutes 503-384-2620
hey loser haaahhhaaa
doing great getting ready for a wonderful family thanksgiving. Hope you and your family have a great thanksgiving.
finals already?! Are you coming back home for summer?
Damn you.
Coyote Ugly Tonite featuring - Yeee Ha!!!
I'll tell you but it's not that Ben Richards guy. I asked him out today and he said no so
I want a maxi skirt
I WANT A PAID BOSS NIGGA!! I DON'T FUCK WITH THE HELP!
Drinking with Brian skinner
get a pic asap!
my house
Did I mention I love the rain??
Got robbed again
I know, embrassing!
Typo Leads to Neologism #247: A coworker who is great to be around is a cooleague.
Big thanks to all who came out for tonight's discussion on the nude in art!
I get it!
#thingsblackfolksscaredof obama fucXXX a white girl
That was almost a haiku.
Fair enough.
RT : Seek not good from without: seek it from within yourselves, or you will never find it. ~Epictetus
thanks SIR
Headed to see #thehungergames at the Arclight with
howdy! im back. :) cool if so. i got huntingdon hm pg bkmarked. they got jobs there 4 me 2. :)
Of course. But not many jobs available at the moment.
Celebrate your national parks during National Park Week. This week admission to all national parks is free!
oh sorry, I should have been more specific. Mike CASTRO.
Daily quote: Year's end is neither an end nor a beginning but a going on, with all the wisdom that experience can instill in us
Or tweeted. RT The most memorable nights dont get caught on camera...
I hope you have a copy of the issue is in.
This has been a gud ass productive ass day.
I have phantom of the opera songs stuck in my head.
I'm jus messin with u mr sensitive
Jesus Mary & Joseph, LOU!
We work with crowdsourcing videos, concepts, print ads for brands. Clients include P&G, Google, GM, many ad agencies
i dont hardly ever tweet... so imma start tweetin more;)
thanks and welcome to my TL
Next week is food porn week. I won't hesitate when my peers find me making out with a twinkie or pouring maraschino cherry juice on my chest
i wanna know who is goin off on cause damn ! Lol
(cont'd) "... Yuan Weijing [his wife] will be sent back to Shandong. Yuan said, 'Jinyan, I'm afraid..." (translated from )
If you want a guarantee, buy a toaster.
Hahahaha finally conquered your fear!
": A #Leo Is loving in a "big-hearted" fashion,and openly affectionate without being clingy."
Sunday already? This weekend went by way too fast! Time to get some work done.
Now only 15! We're so close!
Looks delicious. If the fingerling potatoes or his medley of mushrooms are on the menu - they are delicious as well
Retina display plus all these font choices are spoiling the crap out of me
Hoping for a slow night at work!
I got a funeral :/
Ive been on twitter for almost a year now.
RT-Check this video out MY NEW MOVIE COMING 4/20/2012 LET ME KNOW WHA T YOU THINK-- Hillbilly Highway Trailer - Thats good dev
"Obama: The First Gay President"....yeah, that makes sense
'Not in my backyard' . . . why are we like that?
to redeem it, redeem! But if youa will not redeem, tell me, that I may know. For there is no one to redeem but you, and I come #Torah 79/99
Happy birthday to !!
Ladies Night! Amateur Night! Spectacular Theme Sets! COME HANG OUT! LADIES JUST $5! BE A CHEAP DATE!
Ooh magenta def brightens it up for spring! If you try it out let me know how ya like it! ;)
A1. Trying to do more. RT : Q1 How many of you use social media sites for networking
I hope there's only 10 cos if there's 1 for every show then that's hardly fair.
Wow. Looks like jayson werth just broke his arm.
I love how Americans want a british accent and British people want an American accent.
Just saw 3rd accident at the corner by the office, at Maxwell and Broadway, in little more than a month. Be careful at that intersection.
For those of you who may have tried to access our site yesterday, it was running slowly due to some server updates here at Emory (1/2)
Hot tip: Gordon Dunsire addressing CC:DA/SAC at 10:30 am, Hilton Riverside Grand Salon C. Subjects at int'l level ...
what?!?!?! And then panda express gave me ONE fckin' packet of soy sauce for ALL this food. Df I'm supposed to do with ONE packet
Rejected! Ha! Ha! Love it!
Drowning out Dora with some quilting time. I have some blocks I want to finish for a friend's quilt I am making.
Love and respect are the most important aspects of parenting, and of all relationships. ~ Jodie Foster
lmao i deleted her from my contacts
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ There is no beautifier of complexion or form or behavior like the wish to scatter joy and not pain around us.
great story. So emotional
Interest rates are at historical lows & housing prices favorable in NM market. Now's the time to give Indigo Mortgage a call - 505-836-5700.
You would unfollow n then follow me lol
It looks like Facebook is (finally) rolling out timeline. Any idea what this means for pages ?
i think yall sleep on me
Who wants to start the Killwaukee chapter of the Cacophony Society? Some free shirts might be given out and lots of fun will be had!
.....that is slightly frightening
I split my pinky toe open and I just reinjured it and its throbbing like hell
My are going for 2-in-a-row in just a few hours.
I saw it in my stuff, posted it on my FB page and my friends went NUTS! It's so awesome!
Nope! I never talk bad about men based on my experience with one. The old saying "one bad apple don't spoil the bunch" applies
you are never an afterthought baby!!!
Contact RT : how do I get a tally card
RT TODAY IN 92103: Mission Hills Farmers Market Friday 3-7pm, Washington & Falcon, San Diego. 1 block East of The Gathering
Nice start to #dayofdh: unexpectedly walking into a test flight of and 's aerial photography rig!
Hi guys, thought I'd say hello as I'm back in the UK. Headlining Belfast Pride tonight, happy to support a cause close to my heart always x
Wonderful, as always! Great wine suggestion from our lovely server. Once again awe-stricken by the lasanga. So good.
RT if you want to WIN tickets to Dances from the Heart!
PR skills? TasteTweet.com is looking for promotional partners. Make money eating great food. Plz RT
Diana do your marketing efforts a favor and follow people ho follow you. I don't follow people who don't follow back.
Shooting Pepper tonight!
I'd like to see more providers taking risks and pushing for patient centered, rather than profit centered, care
Not Having Time To Come To The BarberShop ? Call US we come TO YOU Yes we goo to your House Office Hotel You Name it We go (305)-401-8108
I've been neglecting some really important relationships. I must make phone calls and Lettem know. Its love love love. My bad.
How did Hamilton Berger keep his DA gig so long? What was he, 1-220 or something?
“: Only a matter of time until there is a Porn talent competition called "X-Factor"” HAHA!!!
here is a billion dollars.
when you going to South ?
Went to a fun. show last night; it was magnificent! They are such an amazing band. Everyone should own a copy of Aim & Ignite!! <3
#Golf courses located near #Boston or #CapeCod? Are you open? Winter Deals? Email: & might tweet you :)
I'm trying to hard
enjoying a large glass of red....perfect for a Saturday evening.
We can only hope!
Tempting, but I think the sun here is too bright to make that actually work :(
Do not deviate from the plan....
The reason that ego and love are not compatible comes down to this: you cannot take your ego into the unknown, where love wants to lead.
A girl can dream.
IT CAN'T BE IT'S SUCH A CLIFF HANGER UGH WHY. Also, watch it so I can feelings flail with you.
=[ I have no mixer. I feel like my right arm is more muscle-y, lol
RT ": Let that boy cook"
Think I'm gonna put my and Louis Vuitton collections on hold for the moment. Starting a suit collection
here that ? RT : My wife called to tell me she's headed to pick up a bottle of OYO Stone Fruit Vodka. Best wever!
IT DOESNT SAY THAT FOR ME HUN -KEN :$
Staring at pictures of Anne Frank and Ruby Bridges, a visitor asks: "Now which one was the girl who was blind AND deaf?" *sigh
The sad thing is I am so #singleforlife ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Really wish I could have stayed for the full day of #spjmadisontraining. Sounds like people are getting charged up.
i always end up staying up until 3 am on nights where i have nothing to do besides write
Just saw some dumb girl hold up an entire lane of traffic on laurel cyn to take a pic of the celeb in the car behind her. Fail.
That's my guess.
OH WHO!?
No school
Isn't there something in human DNA that will stop us from attributing all behavior to our DNA?
If you know me, then you know i am a monster in the kitchen! Jamaican food , spanish , amercian. you name it. :9
In my mind if I had this house all I would do is read and bake glorious and tasty cakes for people. I'd be happy
lmao good idea
where the philly chicks at?
To be trusted is a greater compliment than being loved.
It's in the current Craft Pack, along with our IPA, English-Style Ale and Nut Brown Ale
I want one of those Japanese ass-scooters.
So swagged up I be killin
If you have a nicer couch on your porch, then you have in your living room
it's gunna be all over soon... so
I'm a loving, compassionate, and patient person by nature but im also strong minded and far from a push over.
#ThingsIGetALot; "You're crazy, but I love you." (-:
I'm looking for volunteers for the night of the Valentine's Vampire Crawl on Feb 12th from 6pm-10:30ish. You get LOTS of free drinks. DM me.
good luck! we must celebrate when we are officially done w/ school!
lmao your dad down here this week?
Hey, we can all call ourselves awesome online! No one’s checking.
i expand my MIND TO more MUSIC
#IHateWhenRappers say a quote that had been around forever and petiole think they are a genius
The bigger the hair the closer to Jesus.
Well, that's enough twitter for today. I have a lot of Valentine's Day sobbing to do before I got to sleep.
Love hearing the story!
Happy Holidays from everyone, here, at Guardian Title!
*Nerdy guys phone rings* JOCK: "Who was that, your girlfriend?" *Everyone laughs* NERD: "Nope. It was yours." *Dead silence*
Thank you for stopping by! How was your visit?
If not, I'll do it myself.
congrats big dog!!
You're welcome! I' m a new mom...
Like mom just shut the fuck up.
There are more households in America with #dogs (43 million) then with #kids (38 million). -USA Today, Dec 8, 2011
Looking for a job where I can live in Scotland and drink whisky for good pay. If you can make that happen, I'll be your best friend.
What's worse than being hated? Being ignored. At least when they hate you, they treat you like you exist.
right right treating these niggas A1!!!Swear I was just bouta say something too!
Looking for an eBook creator. I'll outline it, furnish content. You design cover & make it ready to publish. Seize-the-Day! Contact me now!
I wish i had a voice like , so incredibly good.
Preparing to move into the new Max & Ruffy's bakery warehouse! Many thanks to all our customers who buy our organic treats for their dogs!!
"I got all the ingredients to make a high nigga pie"
DON'T FORGET OUR SCHEDULE CHANGES...MY CLASS IS STILL IN ASTORIA PARK ...(19TH ST AND 23RD AVE ENTERANCE) EVERY WEDS 330-530
Craig - don't know if folks tell you enough - I appreciate your vision and wherewithall to ensure we are informed and therefore united.. In
YoYo what the lick read? Let a nigga know something .
Follow this guy! RT : Just got going on twitter! Excited for new challenges and tweeting for the first time!
Thanks for the follow! I'm actually interested in learning Photoshop!
Take RepHealthDaily to the doctor with you - if you ask for STI test, for most docs that only includes #chlamydia, #gonorrhea,
Wednesday night hill repeats.
Quote heard on radio this morning: "...in every business old dogs are learning new tricks because of new technology." Except ...
: My philosophy is that runners should run in what works for them. However, I'm suspicious of the marketing around minimalism.
ew nvm this kid ruin my day
Loft seats
* My grandpa RT Im not gonna lie i miss quince's!!! :((
lol dream big!
We are in "high risk" zone for later this afternoon... Watch the skies peeps!
In the laboratory, conjuring up another mix...
I doubt you do
Wow, the latest version of Plone looks like it actually might be giving memory back. What's next? Cats and dogs living together?
I walked into the bathroom and someone screamed "ow my leggings are hurting my butt!" #awkward?
Just had some of the best spanish rice in my life ...
Leftover holiday-themed Pringles can suggests, with a gift tag attached, that I would somehow give this as a gift to someone? Please.
Why didn't I find Barthes's essay on wrestling when I was 10 years old? Some kind of appreciation could have saved me the social exclusion.
I'm gonna eat some kashi.
Watching The Soup with Viggle 4/18 | 7PM | E! Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Country Comedy Tour, Saturday June 18th at 8pm. 100% clean, family-friendly comedy!! Tickets on sale now- $10 (advance) $15 (door)
can not connect to server when trying to login. Is there a known problem?
I'm really liking The Magic Mountain, but, as I read, I'm continually horrified by the medieval state of early 20th century medicine.
Hello How are you?
Construction on building addition began day after graduation. Tonight they are bricking up all the windows in our office suite
happy Easter Toni.
coerced into taking zumba. It was too early to be making my hips move like THAT. samba teachers freak me out.
Watching anthony play call of duty! Lololol
They did. So every vehicle was inching forward. Then I looked in the truck behind me and all the guys were laughing at me o_O
by the wishing well!
I just want to be happy again.
Yo david remember me? Nah
ugly ass
you're going to bed in the middle of radiohead? :O lol
RT : Rise & Grind! "We can't change the world, unless we change our selves." ~ Biggie
yea that was some under water shit SharkAttack
whats going on Big Ups i see you doing ya thing
My head consults my heart before making an executive decision.
I thought robert hughes was signed to the practice squad according to his tweets...
Going to ? Want to know what is? Look for tomorrow at the summit. You might win free tickets!
I wonder if Mitt Romney wears a new pair of socks every day. I wish I did.
Nice tour!
Instead of the PAC-16, the WAC, MWC, Sun Belt, and the C-USA should combine to make a big crappy conference!
In the writing mood.. Gunna write a story! Woot Woot :D
Thanks for the shout-out!
Wow, did the Florida Panthers show up yet? Embarrassing.
Comprehensive Radiographic Pathology
i said how's it different, dyldo!
Going to the game?
Officially received my first payment. I'm a Real Blogger now ;)
SO YOU REALLY HAD ON 1.5 mill IN JEWLz STOP IT FIVE!!!!!!!!
just walked into work with bruises all over her....someone had fun this weekend!
Going to read it now.
Everyone keeps texting/messaging me asking when I'm coming home, when I'm at Portland State University right now... -___-
You have to make sure you confirmed it through email.
Spending the night at my favorite aunts house!! :)) <3
your #AdvoCare business cards should arrive tomorrow. Any wagers on Cowboys/Bears Sunday? :) In Dallas but a Bears fan!
Pilot says they found "gash in tire" on walk around before push back. Think ill be in KC a while longer. Will I get home tonight?
Military-only beach at Bellows AFB on Oahu. Closest I've ever come to a completely private beach with awesome water.
omg austin,you make me spechless !!! I ABSOLUTELY LOVE #SaySomething <3 and i love your voice :) #proudMahomie ^.<
I know right!!! I've been acting and i forgot about him! D:
The MDC report could help inform our work with JB et al. Something to keep in mind...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, MY DAY IS NOW 926492294633222394 TIMES BETTER. x'D
Your bracket doing well?
Someone's already drunk
How can we get people connected to a public forum that holds the people in charge accountable? -Gore
my mother is so annoying!!
Finishing my tea, pushing away my breakfast plate to Hound Dog Taylor. This is livin'!
It is Saturday morning and you know what that means...salon time! Stop by 6320 Winchester Rd.
Ah. Stop retweeting idiots. I'm getting a headache. -_-
So, Warped Tour in July & Riot Fest in September? Sounds like a really really really good plan.
OMG that thunder minecraft vid had me dying, especially when his wife walked in. "Fuck." LMFAO xD
just great. looks like I have taken my personal brand to a whole new level.
Cenation for life all Cenation fallow me and one person i wont too fallow me is the one who stated the Cenation john cena him self
oh, great. the a/c at work shut off. must be after 8:00 p.m. already!
haha yeah, & do I have too?? You can just sing to me tomorrow what your gunna sing Thurs and it will be like the same thing
": Check out the community carnival now through 4PM in the Student Center MPR!" Always a great event.
best night ever.
Stormy night around here. Used 2 love the sound of a storm but not so much anymore w/all the violent weather across the US in recent times.
Yes, Garrel, Olmi and Terence Davies should all be in Masters. told me DRIVE was the best film in Cannes competition.
"The great game of business" - open the books, share the information toward creating greater fiscal literacy in the organization.
Aw thank you! I don't have any others posted but I have a few that I might put up(:
Thank you #cicdh and #unl hosts.
cool we must
don't talk shit unless your shit is talking.
I just text everybody in my phone
I also love mangoes, all varieties available now, so I’m in special heaven on Earth :)
plan. I'll be at the testing BOF tonight. Maybe we can all grab lunch or dinner tomorrow?
Hey , are you going to also host a massive egg salad making after this Sat? Read about the 40,000 eggs through
Weren't you the one tweeting about the Wonder Years or was that someone else?
Grown & Sexy? You don't know the meaning of the phrase unless you've hit up Old School Bar & Grill. Follow us, and then check us out!
My Lower Back Be Hurtn !
smoking jjjjs shredding the city with the homies #boppo!
3 more days to close out the year..... Got a lot to get done :-\
STFU LOOK AT YOURS PRECIOUS HOCKEY PLAYER
Thanks for checking us out. Dont forget to like us on Facebook/myadvocator
this couch is sucking me in hardcore. I'm still super-sickly & pathetic & wanting a nap.. but I must perservere.. for #brinner!
Team work it's all about team work
Thanks for the follow!
Please welcome the lovely, talented, & funny, Melissa Claire Egan to #Twitter. Follow her at New to #Y&R, too!
Are you in NYC? Go see Toni Morrison read tonight at Symphony Space and buy her book. Our partner is the bookseller.
He probably misspoke about mobile, don't you think?
LOVE Coldplay's "Paradise"
You used to be a "Big Bertha", now you're a "Medium Matilda".
It is what it is
Stay in school and make your days brighter mahn. You can be and do anything you want in this life. Live Love Learn
Sad part is that the majority of yall think just alike
If I put up with your RT's that sound like relationship advice and quotes by middle school girls, you can handle my tweets about basketball.
Get ready for a trade up packer fans. I can feel it.
yes that's right Kevin, Zayn is a lovely guy.
The new season of The Real World sucks! Id rather jab FORKS in my eyes.. at least I got to look fwd to Friday(:
Need to sell my house. Urgh!
EVERYONE, let's make #LaceyLoveSoundz trending!Tweet what u think 's single will be like & add #LaceyLoveSoundz. Be Creative!
When people from school ask me if i have twitter i pretend i dont!
I'd be all for bringing in Pete Rose.
lolol y'all did ?
I bet this is less “DVCS” and more “someone else already built a convenient API for collecting stats”. Lazy wins again
aye doe I'm so bored.....ugh
I love hearing that! I am so glad that your podiatrist figured out what was happening to you. God bless!
Just taught myself how to play the rugrats theme song on piano. Sup
Well if it gets dinged then lesson learned. a good judge shouldnt shit on it too much if its well done.
just taught us he knows about roman numerals.
HSPE killed my brain lol glad its over
BIG CONGRATS to for raising $8000, to be matched by the Aber Unger Foundation, for Haitian relief. Way to go!!
My entire crew is now speaking in british accents.
Need money for college? Distinguished Young Women of Greater Baltimore=place to start! www.DistinguishedYW.org
Johnny Madonia: For lack & limitation to be removed from our thinking, we must...move to our creative side, where our true selves live...
Heading downtown to end a great Act One!
We are the boys in motion, we give you our devotion ~
By the way, can you send cash? Thanks,:)
"Boy dese BROADS ah Trip"
I can't sleep!!!! That's what I get for napping...
yes!! And the neww pupp..almost as cute as bently !
your amazing. and i would LOVE it if you tweetedd me back!!! your an awesome singer/dancer <3!!!!!
World stock markets fall on reports that ratings agency Standard & Poor's has downgraded some eurozone countries.
It is CHILLY today! What happened to the warmth?! I'm a little nervous to experience my very first winter. I've heard #Pittsburgh gets cold!
librarians unite!!
It was fascinating to me seeing how Oberg's life informed his work, it'd be interesting to see more scholars' biographies.
what do you mean?!
no more LA ? Are you doing good I miss u
it's a sticker for the Iraq War. I thought it was a sticker for Interrupt Request. Oh wait, I see what you did there :)
it was in fact exactly what happened haha
tiny mouse though hahaha
Justin's Voice Is Flawless. He's one of those very few singers who can pull off a live performance, hitting both high and low notes.
No need for me to ever be sad I have the only person I'll ever need laying right here beside me
Just make some offhanded racist or sexist comment. You will be out of that court room before you finish the sentence! Lol
"Think big. Start small. Move fast."
#DevOps = Culture + Configuration Management + Automate + Visibility
Happy Friday. Smile today and enjoy life.
Need to rethink this whole "I wanna marry a historian" thing. Moving my 17 boxes of books is crazy, imagine if it double! I hate moving!
its been good went to the lake had a great lunch & now I'm gettin ready 4 dinner & a show
Don't forget the staching #Brewers closer
Jess just keeps digging herself in more shit...and she doesnt even know it.
#itgrindsmygears when I'm listening to my ipod and someone pulls out my headphones.
that 70's show
heck ya. that sounds delicious! Make mine a double, lol
Why Chris Davis of course
whale it's whale fucker
Someone spying on my internet habits tonight might be very concerned for me. I've been researching titles for our mental health section.
Tonight's gonna be a good night.... Swag!!!!
You not trickin us
getting the context + then feeding it to the suggestion engine would be easy... it popping up at the right time in live chat = no clue
those people for the most part were cheering for the Yankees in both stadiums. The legacy moves on...
sweet u gotta go to shay and Bryns dance thing on the 20th btw. If I have to go u have to go
Last night in the apartment that I've called home for the past two years. Sad seeing my room all packed up.
i hate that feeling also, Its my recurring bad dream.
Unfortunately Season Went 2 Fast Great Job": Whoa, whoa, whoa. hold everything. There's a spartacus finale on tonight??? :)"
I'm a lil sad tht #CSIMiami isn't on anymore, my favorite show, but the show tht has replaced it #NYC22 is damn good!
its a date
“: Championship Game, who you got LSU or Alabama?” Roll Tide!!!!!
Will InfoGroup be sold, or possibly split up? It's going to be interesting.
please follow back?? :]]
lukn at ironman b4 i go to sleep
Frankly they were better than most their male colleagues and definitely showed some more "guts" in crossing party lines.
Radwanska tops Sharapova for title at Sony Ericsson
Hate getting emails from Jeopardy! and it's not them inviting me to tryouts.
Greg made me a PB banana w bacon latte today that Elvis would envy
You may think I'm a loser, but to my goldfish I am "THE GOD OF FLAKES."
thx fr the retweet good looks we r funny!!!
What coincidence Do you have a website?
Oh Im still a believer!
JoyGoliiver gave a fabulous workshop www.touchedbyjoy.com about caregiving care for the caregiver of people with neurologic condition
THAT'S RIGHT BLACKBURN! YOU DON'T WANT NO PART OF DIRKS!!!
hello eleanor how are you ..<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Nuggets would not be in this position right now with Carmelo Anthony. Dealing his ballhog ass was the best thing they ever did.
Carfax &#39;Car Fox&#39; Empowers Used Car Buyers And Sellers In Latest &#39;Show Me The Carfax&#39; Ads
Markus, thx for adding us to the #Canon Today paper, greatly appreciated!!
My airport pick up person just called & asked me what I'm wearing. Took me a sec realize this was a reasonable question, not a proposition.
Cheers - enjoy the rest of the weekend!
Never afraid to be goofy...thats why they love you ;-)
: she does have a Facebook but not a twitter
peking restaurant saved from a violent & grisly death tonight. promise me chinese then fall asleep? HELL no. luckily they deliver.
i will see him perform that song live
Are there student prices available for the webinar?
i would like to start training for saturday, but must continue to work... for now
Free social network promo on my profile. Works great for follows. Would you like to follow 4 follow? :)
I wish I memorized my study guide as much as I do song lyrics
Tonight [Friday] don't miss our special once-a-month Motown on Monday on FRIDAY! We're through the looking glass, people...
Fun day planned for today -- author and I plan to hit the Apple Store :D
#OccupyNashville many people saying badges were either not present or covered both last night and tonight.
There is no impossibility to him who stands prepared to conquer every hazard. The fearful are the failing.Sarah J. Hale
I suppose, you're kind of a big deal. Just don't let the fame change you.
long over due my darling welcome!
When girls text you first >>>>><
#nercomp12 connectyard integrated with BB9.1forannouncement and discussions. enhance hybrid courses by extending inclass lectures.
Kanye can b a douche bag But his a genious
Sara it's getting late but I wanted to mention how beautiful you look with your new tan ..Gnight
Um, what's the yellow thing?
Dear Wolfgang Puck, your hotel room coffee tastes like crap. You should be ashamed.
im so sorry just please talk to me???!!! u kno who u r dont act like you dont!!!!
I had to increase the size of my mailbox to have enough room. I would love to look at your app!
#ballsohard let's go DEFENSE
you should be mad since you are the only married one. . .so far ( wink)
I DO!!! #hopingthistweetdontgetmeclowned <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
So, if Chris Brown gave homage to Q-Bert, can I just run around eating white pellets while I sing my hit song when I perform at The
If need business insurance call me, I would love to talk to you!!!
Atlantic salmon numbers rebound, report says
Back at ya!
we support tyga
Thank you, sir!
Try Costco for holiday stamps...they're cheaper!!
Looking forward to a great improv class...
“: Ha ha ha great news it is #Falcons”<~~ I was screaming yes for 5 mins straight lol
i Work at the Uptown location in Minneapolis, Minnesota and at the Mall of America Location
MT : Sec. of Ed will participate in Twitter Town Hall Wednesday @ 1:30 PM. Submit questions using hashtag
where at?
#Gratitude for recent follow:
To The World You Might Be One, But To One You Might Be The World
Should I stop trying now?
OMG so true like ugh and don't get me started with teachers ugh
What I've learned: Male Grizzly Bears have been known to kill cubs to rape the mother bears. Elk have harems and roll in their own urine.
Elena, Bonnie and Matt surprise Caroline with a small party in an unusual location. #TVD is on tonight at 8 on CW20!
Nothing is too small to know, and nothing is too big to attempt. - William Van Horne
Hey, that was a very awesome interview of Definitely clarified some things for me. Great job!
Empty apartment on a Friday night? I must have accidently gone into the wrong apartment....
What's the difference between a Male Porn Star and a Strip Club DJ?..... about 3 inches.
Ambition is priceless. It's something thats in your veins.
We just used the same term in our session #thatcamptx "petri dish"
havent seen it, this whole thing lends itself to all sorts of silliness. I'll check out the video, thanks!
Love is a strange thing. It can make the weakest person strong and the strongest person weak.
TONIGHT - SNL with DJ's J-Roc & G Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team @ ABQ's Best Place To Dance!!!
If he would DM me back ONE MORE TIME, I would be okay. Cause it like important...:(
Fresh out the shower! Like a boss xD
So the lesson learned by the kid at the #Rangers game who had a meltdown after missing foul ball? Cry loud enough, you'll get what you want.
Doth mother know you are a British cigarette??
rut row
Thanks you :}.
haha, if that's the plan, then Knoshown will do, I guess. Nugs fans gonna be mad when Melo beats the Heat?
Hahaha thank you you very bad boy!! XO
Have to say that the zeke markshausen signing turned free agency from a d- to an a+.
woah... yeah okay
Hey Britt - it's "Zachary" who knew I'd get wifi from inside this car trunk ...just wanted to say hey to you Clyde and Buddy
Who's pale out there? Don't be shy. We're your friends and we're going to bronze you up for #FREE. Best. Price. Ever. This Saturday!
good day sunshine
yes sir. You need to come by for some spirits and wings sometime. It's been too long
hell no I dont want to love a cute person I wouldnt waste my time on an ugly one
American Idol is Wack! Phillip Phillips didn't sound that great to me. Karaoke at its finest....maybe
BITCH BE CRAZY!
indiana-miami? go thunder.
LETS GO UNITED!!!
ha! Yeah...I saw that. Missed it during the game but saw your tweets to Sport South.
plectrum artist spotlight series tonight on the CWB internet radio show from 6-8p. Go to unregularradio.com and be sure to tune in.
We hope all the #usf students leaving #tampa stay safe and have a good summer.
Stuntin on nigga's, just like I fuckin should, so GET LIKE ME, that's If u fuckin could...
1906 Rolls Royce Silver Ghost was a 6 cylinder car & stayed in production until 1925. It represented the best engineering & tech available.
If you have pics from the Friday flashmob send them our way!
You're new to me! Would like to learn more!
Thanks 4 mentioning us!
Visiting Belgian friend doesn't want to go to the CSO tonight (Boulez conducting Debussy, Ligeti, Ravel); any takers?
Attention SPFHF members.. annual meeting July 12, 2012 at Summit Brewing on Montreal Circle. Details to follow
Thrilled to be represented at this year's Book Expo America! Thanks to
P.U.S.H. - Pray Until Something Happens
Tv in doctor's office should be replaced with ANYTHING ELSE
Guidette workin the jersey turnpike toll booth
what are you talking about! look up the guy is living proof that gingers do have souls :D
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :p
Goodbyes suck, especially when it feels like you're leaving family. Until we meet again,
started at lynchburg, continued/further specialized at Rice. Also using my BA in spanish to bring in latin american component
RT “Poetry might be defined as the clear expression of mixed feelings.”
all over my twitter
getting my snowmobile running!
**Mindless Self Indulgence "Straight To Video" music video**
lmao , ooh nice I give you guys props who did you guys play ?
This is how it started last time!
I watch the Rams only :-) I've had Sunday ticket since 98
I know people are going stir-crazy, but... This all started because a guy got stuck over the curb and started clearing a little patch.
Whohoo.. about to come on excited to see them again
the one who didn't show up to your birthday? because that's unforgivable.
Will be attending the WWIN show today. Have a Fashionable day!
ugh! Sorry to hear it!
indeed it could be. Thanks for retweeting Tariq. Hope you're doing well!
How am I drowning out the sound of construction outside? and a sweet pair of old headphones.
Flipping thru the city no destination where the good at?
Burger king a fast bite
sleeping all = feeling 5 times better :)
Liberian warlord Charles Taylor found guilty
Do you do samples, prior to payment? Looking for a new web banner custom size
hey. Shhhhh. Rock chalk...your 2 favorite words
Want to like opening band but too much grateful dead, allman bros, the band influence. When did Indie rock get so polluted with hippy jams?
a drawing of drawings taking over my social life??
Wow, this is going to be a lovely day!
WOW! I can't believe it! Buddy's is giving this stuff away. Laptop's for only 19.99/wk. This is a sweet deal! Check it out.
Any tweeps recently move to DC?
What time is it??????......TUMBLR TIME! :D *le logins on tumbr*
who's but is in the back of that? haha
Helping out w/ NetParty tonight! Should be fun!
Game day
LMFAO! This new dance that they have in Brooklyn needs to stop now!!!! LOL
Sounds gr8 Represent! RT “: RdV Rendezvous and Linden Vidal on the CZ tasting menu. Happy to be showcasing Virginia's best.”
That moment when you realize you're little sister who's in 5th grade has more of a life than you do.
don't feel like being at school right now.-____-
Lights camera...destruction.
Hey. Follow me? :D
How's the world been treating you?
Sending out all my #MothersDay gifts/ greetings before I take to the skies tomorrow.
A lot of missteps were taken in the Shirley Sherrod incident. The White House will definately back pedal on this, the NAACP already has.
Abrams rocking the house at Book Buzz Jr
Can't wait to share our two big announcements tomorrow! Pay attention around 10 AM tomorrow morning.
Due to all the shenanigans we are moving a bit slow this AM. Such a fun weekend though, already planning next years excursion.
“ When a sad song comes out on the radio, I look out the window and act like i'm in a movie.” RT if you do the same thing !
ever had those cucumber chile popsicles?
school is boring -__- wanna tweet me ? (:
Let the adventure begin. 100 plus mile bicycle ride fr Long Beach to San Diego!
You Like?
I also had cockblocker no2(my husband is no1) with me so...yea'<U+E40E>
twitter is the place to find friends.
ASDFGHJKL can't wait till highschool.
but I'm fucking beautiful
reading is like eating ice cream, when ever your doing it, your mood changes.
Killing some brain cells
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Wednesday Fish Fry
If someone antiqued me on the red carpet I would embrace them ask them to join me for a meal of food.
Yeah, I'd love to stay and chat. But you're a total bitch,
But you see how both sides get out the big guns for this? "linguistically bankrupt"? That's what puts me off.
Sent the TV crew for dinner at and to The Rossi for drinks while they're in Columbus to cover #SuperTuesday. Dine local!
Mw3 is pretty damn good pero I'm getting mad at the game already SMH ...
Me along with my bandmates in BadHorse will be performing at the Super Bowl this year in Indianapolis!
If you say Jesus backwards, it sounds like sausage.
why not?
Thanks for the RT!
Goodmoring tweeties I hope everyone has a good day :)
Tigers got the club spinning swag right now.
he does.
The posted the most #CleveJobs in Jan-Feb with 1,781 jobs... WOW!
Switch your Prayers from conversation to God about our problems to a conversation with God about His will. Let God rule in your life.
I love how everything is funny to Charles and Kenny. He sneezes and it turns into a joke. Quality TV.
are you hating on mr Lin? Lol
yea I can send ya some. Give me a day
someone bring cheese to my house quick
we have certainly broken our "once a week date" this week.. I could get used to this.
Bensimon: deficit thinking contributes to inequity. We must be equity-minded, think of inst'l responsibility. #NCORE2011 (via )
Mirror reflection my love!
7 minutes until my first "strip" of the day! On air shortly on !
will be in Sydney in August. Can we do something together?
One of the most truly bizarre things I've ever seen on Twitter is happening right now at (via everyone)
Yes Im Doing Well & You !? I Miss You Crazyy
Busy already after 9 mins of being open....
We hope that you got your dose of luminosity today. Hope to see you again soon!
Sex is a three-letter word which needs some old-fashioned four-letter words to convey its full meaning.
...Excellent advice! I've read many of his books during the last few months
how cool would hockey be with out a goalie and a smaller net? #morescoring!
": I love Their bang bang shrimp is to die for." We had that tonight!
Ladies and gentleman... your job creators in action:
If y'all need a muse, I think I'd make an excellent one.
oh and i brought my dad with me and he won a pair of $1400 earings which he igave to my mom!!
2011- "Cool story, bro." 1837- "Interesting tale, my fine companion."
(Pulling into Grand Rapids) "Dude, this place feels kinda Robocop..."
WTG! is a great example of patience too - great job!
She is going to loose her fingers
GOOD TUESDAY MORNING!!! DAYTONA 500 IS STILL RUNNING!!! GOO SMOKE!!
Okay okay okay. I thought it was the finale, but nope! Haha next week :D
One of my favorite imagination activities: immerse myself in a real setting, then introduce a new character: what happens next?
email your address to sales and i will take care of you. What size do you wear? Would you rather have a v-neck?
Virtual #Valentine's alert! RT Interested in learning abt #wine and #chocolate pairings? Join us at this hashtag:
yes it's definitely a hideaway from the madness of Dallas sprawl!
Blowin yo mind one tweet at a time
Another #Southwest flight delay
Baloney! You should be ashamed.
Thanks for the RT. Nothing beats JCVD.
If you "stick to football" then I might have to unfollow! There's so much more to you than #Packers. :)
#MixedRaceProblems , They ask Me "Do You Like Your Black Side Better Or White Side Better
Congrats to #WHSbaseball on being sectional champs.
Saw Seth Rogan on the street today which inspired me to go home and write. Oh and it also inspired me to say "Holy Shit Thats Seth Rogan!"
hahahaha no I came to the OC to get some copies of the
Let us know what your are looking for specifically.
Now we're cookin with gas
please imagine my colleague and myself listening to you as students walk in & out our office, lol
our drummer sike. Hes the artist
ranger fever.....
You knew that was coming
FIGHT LIKE A GIRL !~~
Hey everyone! How's your day going?
New York Sticky.
But they got famous RT : Nobody has every got rich after somebody retweeted them NOBODY!!!!!
why is it misirable
thanks Reena!
Tried deleting several people & clean up my Facebook. Didn't entirely work so if I'm still getting your updates I'm sorry. I don't mean to.
Indeed! The editors really twisted my arm to do this assignment.
#DemonicDerek The icon returns for vengeance in 2012!!
this dj !! He gets down !! Sniping noobs on the snow ground !! Lmao
Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah and Happy Holidays everyone!
Friday night movie night with the gayboys
You don't need a SSN but you will need some form of ID
The only easy day was yesterday!
Note to self: There is no such thing as your ex being your friend or anything more than an aquatint.
Dental school form deadline is approaching here in DC. These preventive checkups ensure every child is getting the attention they deserve
ALL of this will work itself out... It Shall Be 4 My Good! ....you promised!
Happy Monday everyone! Hope you all had a great weekend ;-)
Councilman Tony Cardenas: Changing law will "increase school attendance" and "prevent students from entering juvenile justice system"
#SongsYouHaveToDanceTo "Girl Panic" by
“: RT if you've hit more home runs than Albert Pujols this year.”
Four Golden Seeds companies announce major product launches
It could be fun as a duet or trio. Heck I'd give it a shot solo with the right encouragement.
Pondering the Yogi Berra quote, "In theory there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice there is." Hm.
going birdwatching - will make good on promises later
I know, it's horrible ):
I tried it and it didnt work!thanks though!:)
Whatzzzzzzzzz Up!? x)
Teenage TURTLE(S) Thursday!!
Haha. Watching sex and the city.
come back to dallas!!
expoker pro now doing Wordpress designs follow back to dm about details etc should be able to help ya out.
Back to work! 2 auditions and a callback so far this week!
the link for work isn't working :( and neither is my FB acct at the moment. Her work is Awesome!
Debating on going to Electric Playground tonight hmm
IT'S RAINING MEN~
I'm really not in the best of moods this morning
how do invites work?
whoa whoa whoa. WE are not in Canadia. Just Not that there's anything wrong with that. I hope to try Avion soon
buzz San Antonio and having a blast with and so many great #spas!!!!
Happy to do it. I meant what I said. Every time I'd go to Paramount, I wished I was going across the street to Raleigh Studios
there is the right girl to live in?
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
Did you notice one of the songs they were playing in the back ground was Sympathy for the Devil by the Rolling Stones
What are your fave Pinterest boards for #familyTravel and kid-friendly fun? Who should we follow?
What the hell? Twitter tells me to follow Macaulay Culkin. Dude hasn't been relevant since he was 13.
Time to get going.
Ughh my throat hurts D: can't talk too much :'c
Hi LaTara, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
a picture of?
On the way to an interview. Apologetic stranger on elvatr, timidly: Excuse me, so sorry to bother you, bt it seems yr sweater is insideout.
haha don't worry, I'm just kidding.
Nature magically suits a man to his fortunes, by making them the fruit of his character. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
A girl should never have to change her appearance for another guy, let him accept you the way you are
you guys are awesome<3 keep an eye out ill be posting a video pretty soon!
I'll keep loving him until the day he pushes me away ..
Death is inevitable and uninvited. Damn Whitney. I is gon miss ya.
Brian Jonestown Massacre with at Nessun Dorma. Best night? Best night.
I lost 3, 4 followed today...phew...I was so worried ;)
Hit the lights <U+2665>
Is Starting a Business For You? A 10-Question Quiz In some ways there has never been a better time than now to start your own business. W
I'm at the Philadelphia Sinfonia concert enjoying a very fine youth orchestra! Philly's best!!
Do you think there should be a law that requires physical education in our schools?
You think cares about that? No way.
Seattle invented Starbucks
Man who lived with a bullet in head for 94 years dead at 103. NYT reports injury "did not prevent him from his work as a cemetery custodian"
Getting ready to write today's original piece for #Ocarina, but I need someone to suggest a style/genre :3 Thoughts?
Back in College Park
I just completed playing the part of a coked up CFO in a project to be sold to Comedy Centeral.
take me home country rd to a place i belong west virginia mountain mama take me home
So many things to bid on that I don't need :)
you are so blessed. Praying for you and your family. You will rise above it all
you in the R?
Thank u to all for your kind words today.
. iTS So Borinq ! UGH
Thanks for the mention! Happy Friday.
how r ya 2day?
hi there. I did a mash of you hit song call me maybe. Would you like to hear it?
Theres so many Mahomies in Cali , & im scared I wont get tickets on time for the concert in LA ..
I see you watchin me...but you can't have me....
We will be at tarahumata in Roswell every wednesday for the month of December. Thanks for all the support!!
i liked what i saw, but theater bungled showing. After film stopped working, they tried to fix it, and projector went AWOL.
Follow me ?
so nice to have a beautiful day again!
Moving from bing to AdCenter. Will miss my friends there, but looking forward to the challenges of ad relevance!!!
preciate my guy
Wait, did I hear the announcer say Conde was arrested for trying to beat up a police officer in New Jersey? *smh
I agree. #directmarketing #directmail is cool again. I don't remember when it was cool, but it's cool now!
Who's ? Lol well he followed me yay :D
Congratulations to !
'living from a deep place may require you to undergo deep #change'.
So i havent really over did it ... i know you two would put me in line real fast thats one of the things i like about you two
This pleases me to no end! I as well am so excited to see Barry's amazing work!
The Rod Blagojevich news conference could hardly be more entertaining.
I love Hootie & The Blowfish. You can't change my mind!
there is plenty of my muffin to go around.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 75
being a mommy is the best feeling ever! I love my babyboy so much<3
I'm going to St. Louis tomorrow!! OHMAYGAH!!
In Sally we see the burgeoning of the feminist movement in that late '60s/early '70s.
Correct, but we have start soon for the 2014 and 2016 elections. The GOP has left the Conservatives yet again.
Great seeing you tonight!
My 4 mile run was #GLORIOUS tonight! Hope you all got a chance to get outside!
Danngg <.< Is it possible for a person to fall asleep at 8?... No... Only me >.> x3
Over/Under for how many Ole Miss fans will be in attendance today? I'm going with 4.
Concentrating on ya pain ain't helpin u get ova it¡
i wanna see him today ._.
From our family to yours, Happy Mother's Day!
Wtf happened to Kelly clarkson
Auto shop wants me to replace ECU ($$$$). I asked them to send me file with trouble codes. Answer: we have no printouts. Uh... yes?
you could do the knife fight in Beat it ;)
Just spent the tornado warning in a room filled with crazed elementary schoolers
OKc did that Miami vs Okc in the finals
I'm afraid you're going to put rogue "?" in scripts. I am Julie Grauert?
me too! As much as I say I dont mind wakin up it takes me forever to get outta bed! Lol
Seriously. It's an impressive feat fucking up the ending of an otherwise awesome game quite this much.
iim veri relevant since u followed and tweet me first who thiirsty now biitch!
ah so jealous!! have fun!! :D tell the boys I say hi and I love them if you can! <3 :D
He Give That Ass A Good Thrashn .
You never forget your first. My first David Foster Wallace was Brief Interviews with Hideous Men
Slowly but surely all the peices will fall together
Isn't today just dandy?
i been thinkin bout #oomf all day. its killin me
my dad might be getting me a ticket for the game.
Thank you for the wonderful compliment!
#WeWontWorkoutIf you have bad teeth
How are you celebrating #MLKDay? We can help you out with some dollar drinks!
If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail! - Kurt Cobain
I love you. Always will.
Thank you, sir - for your voice and your service.
- Wishful Drinking is one of the best songs I have heard in a while! Come play in Georgia sometime...I'll help make it happen!
Tenacious defender who's as quick as they come---Lebron James---his 7' wingspan and vertical would make him a lockdown corner
Done already?
ahaha! I die. So cute. I like number 33 - boop!
Going to catch some Tennis on the #treefort main stage before heading over to see over
followed. Cute username(:
Law school might be the new useless liberal arts undergrad degree :)
yay i got my permit in the mail finally!
SEARED SCALLOPS Fontina Risotto, Escarole and Apple Brown Butter
I don't talk sh.t , i just state facts
Cannot believe I missed this while in Italia...also missed - must @ him more often.
Up Next.... Vinnys Ass !
RT : These SGA people need to stop bugging me every time I come to late night. If you get between me and my food, you lose my vote.
"All adventurouswomen do." -
thanks again! i've done that....only prob is it prints a separate dropdown for each option in the array...stupid html formatting
Does not look like we will be able to serve dogs today because of the weather...hope to see you soon - Happy Jack
i don't understand why my mom has to be a bitch all the time.. like, kill your self or get a fucking life! you aggravate the shit outta me
"True leaders are aware that they owe any measure of success to God and the contributions of others~BAMM."
yup just call ticketmaster and u can buy them on the phone :)
glad you stuck with it. Keep it up
,Why do u put Pres. cands. on Defense of each to start fight?they can't win on defense,remember what happen w/Hank jr.Backfire
Man roaches make me paranoid as fuck! Ever since my brother kilt that bug every noise got me jumping like hell.
Indiana is a 9 point underdog to Kentucky
my friend works at the camarillo outlets in so cal and he tells me how disgusting people act when they want to consume
M, talk about a flavor explosion! :) RT Eating sum Tootie Fruities and drinking
#ThirstyThursday and a complimentary Dewars tasting tonight at 5:30! Looks like the weekend is starting early in the
Twitter is so distracting -_-
Theophilus London has just been added to the & show with Santigold at the Newport on 6/13!
Want to see the typical sites, but mostly want to see the UK/London cause its like our Historical & Cultural Home. :)
I'll race you there!
thanks for the follow. I really like your work. Your pictures are beautiful. Have a great day.
lol i feel you . Making there job easy . Great thinking lol
Note to #NYR. It's impossible to score on a power play when you have 0 shots on goal.
I guess i look like i like being lied to and used, thanks bitch!
You and need to get married already!! (; I bet uncle Simon approves<3
No matter who will lead the Iranian people they still will chant death to America.
Sitting in geometry watching Shrek and writing songs.<3.
You Look Dumb =__=
I GOT ALL BLACK ON READY FOR WHO EVER WIT MY 40 ON DECK NIGGA
Yes lets discuss your random drug deals and underwear choices on the bus..all in a ghetto voice.
Really enjoyed "Terrified" man. Keep up the great work
Fresh off his freeze-tastic performance in the GOP Presidential debate Wednesday night, Rick Perry showed up on Late Show with David Lett
haha even better. I could just totally picture saying that haha
"Hey buddy, we gotta go to Queens!" RT : How do ya say there, milky licker?
I just read it, kids love tho
Only I could get a hole in my hand cutting strawberries with a butter knife, looks like I'm gonna need stiches, fabulous.
lol. I'm good. OKC is shooting light out. I want to see more effort from Lakers.
I'm at the back stage for has the Internet made everyone an artist
do work bubba
Anyone still trying to lease in Lexington? Cause I've been home 10 minutes and I'm ready to jump off a cliff.
hey hey!
is at work....in the studio running the Live Broadcast from Escapade 2001!
i was hoping for retail so i could explore fit - madison, wi
it look like they throwing theses games man! Foreal how the fuck that happen! Aleast not to Philly come the fuck on
Fastest way to get your phone working again? Call tech support. By the time call back, phone works and you look like an idiot!
Is it still called GEEKTIME? Or is it now called "Ralph Cirella's Show About Superheros, Comic Books, Computers and Apps"?
We are still waiting for final edit for RESEARCH Remix video.
Agree : Q5: A lot of small businesses misunderstand QR codes and put them on their websites. Meant for collateral!
Music is the cup which holds the wine of silence.
Twist & shout. Today South Mountain Yoga 18 S Orange Av, S Orange, 4-5pm *Free* Community Class. Next Sun too the beat goes on. All welcome.
Jasmine you should come back to PITTSBURGH soon. we love you! :) did you like pittsburgh??
drinking bottles of wine at Whole Foods (my usual).
done and done .. I'm thinking matching closing night outfits for
Why is Patrick Roy giving an award to Kyrie Irving?!
hope you do too :) it's always hard for me to run after work (so tired)
wow RT Pineda expected to be out for a full year
Are they the children of the corn?
#TEAMLETSGOKIDNAPAUSTININTEXAS. LETS GOO!
"Got my 3 BET hats today, really comfortable and excellent quality! Very happy with my purchase" <- Props from another new 3Bet fan - THX!
Master's is here - will you be watching?
thanks so much!! :)
#Follow The Fabulous:
thanks for sharing the iEvoBio link!
Man when u went up 2nite, tat backroom clear out, vets&new jacks everyone lining the upper rail. DERAY DAVIS TRUE COMEDY MASTER
pale space shapes <U+25B2> galactic laser show <U+25B2> sparkleprince
McDonalds will always have the best fries! Damn that sounds so good right now!
feels loved and squishy. Thank you, everyone!
Make a happier life this week: (1) form/join a group that matters, (2) disagree in a friendly/respectful way, and (3) max 2hr of TV/day.
Hi everyone! Joining #swchat for the first time. We're excited for this weeks topic on "Building a Collaborative Culture"!
Mob wives repeat
awh <U+E106> “: RTRT “: Tally is a good friend.”
Veterans would be paid what they were owed.
Can't see original tweet...what am I looking 4?
Truly #blessed :)
Jst watched chronicles great movie...but i didnt like the end...lol..
for those complaining about the new Lily on #modernfamily: TV shows do this all the time! Now, Lily can have more of a role! chill out.
Yes it is. I am so ready to watch the NBA sigh :(
idk but the Ghostbusters slot machine I saw on made my day!!
Just finished rehearsal. This is gonna be great.
THE ALBUM IS ALL THAT
I'm re-watching last nights game sober. Any idea why K-Rod pitched w/ out his glasses/goggles?
Just say it in another Tweet. I quote myself all the time. (I say awesome things! Sometimes.)
Looking to buy or sell a home? Visit our site and see how The Oertel Group can help. www.TheOertelGroup.com
Contact They handling distribution
Disappearing for a bit just in case any 26 year old boys show up on my porch, I won't have to come up with any explanations.
Live without pretending, Love without depending
Yeah def. sounds good
Welcome back! Hope everything was good this evening.
You'll be easy to follow as you appear to tweet once a year!
Anytime! You'll always be a Raven to me. Hope you retire as a part of
Everything's eternal til it ends. Claiming it's permanent may just perpetuate the delusion.
Go #Brewers !!!
Are you taking any students to Eclipse?
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!26
Come down to Luxe Cincinnati tonight!! Don't miss out on a great time and awesome drink specials!
Wish i was still in bed asleep.
Guys check out thomasxdgk on YouTube and follow him
My fans = My life
got here late but place is still going crazy...
kicking back with a nice honey ale after spending the evening reviewing R programming (w,default.tag,model) {ifelse(any(model[,1]==w)...BLAH
another combatives course:)
France is officially f@&ked. There is a socialist president. Euro is doomed. Another nail in the euro zones coffin.
Well , Lazzy day (:
follow back:)
New icon ;)
Someone should bring me lunch
Pasta frola + apple bar
it doesn't say I sent you anything haha
Can People Give Me A Shoutout
I believe with me in the bathroom, not reppin Wisco well.
Hey Austin! How was your day? I love you!
“: I will help you pick up the pieces! That's what I'm here for. I love you! #fuckbitches :)” I love you too <U+2764>
Sup up!
I think we your do a giveway 4 someone that has a #84 Brown tattoo. What you think Anyone got one out there?? send Pic!!
#fatindiebands Between the Bread and Meat
RT NET Software Engineer, Enterprise Systems: this position now up for grabs on our site.
"My cookie is yummy"
co-creator of Modernizr at
Tired of a cold/drafty home? Leave it behind in 2009! Call Jeff Reynolds in ABQ for a one-stop-shop. 362-0529 or .
Hey Hubie & Time to tune into the game. What are these calls? Who are they on? What does it mean? FOCUS.
That's a heartbreaking shot of Robert Kraft as the pass falls incomplete in the end zone
Double OT feels like old school hockey no SOs allowed.
"changing the wire to wireless"
#IowaDebate : "I work on the assumption that freedom brings people together."
I must have clicked on "follow" Why not? I thought. Getting info just in case 1 day, tired of desk, I become a chicken farmer
can I drink wit u
Not sure why has to pay $40-million for "deceiving people" who bought toning shoes. If you were that dumb, it's your own fault.
I'll record it for you right now herp derp all you had to do was ask
open tank at 3pm and a tank at 7pm if anyone wants to get a last minute float in, $15 off for mentioning twitter, 5033842620
Hanging out with my daughter this afternoon. Best place to hang out with kids ______
Bed time. Going to Earthfest in the A.M.Good night!
have you been hacked..?
I am also! Thanks :)
#5HourEnergy WHO!!!! grape flavor tastes shitty but it still does the trick.
Thanks to for following! :)
Thanks and for presenting at tonite's mobile meetup! Great job guys.
I'm good!
She's got eyes of the bluest sky as if it were to raaainn
Curating the history of the now: HyperCities has archived and mapped Twitter feeds from Egypt, Libya to uncover trends
Successful day eh?
Carly Rae Jepsen is so pretty.
It gets harder and harder each day..
I'm sorry. I'll be gentle next time. :O
Italia is only days away!!!
Oh, you're on a new diet? Please tweet about it daily. (Lol <3)
#towingagreement Interstate/Delaware and South will serve 7 day suspension in May but will keep its license and contract with city
GM! Last night was an unforgettable experience. Thank you for the great show! I will be seeing you on May 3rd in Bmore! Safe travels!
My tummy hurts :( and im missing him...
stay warm
Just got our and tickets for and !
Thanks ... you too. Interesting vocation. :-)
Drinks and dinner at the Monkey Bar. Felt like Patrick Bateman writing that.
no worries, it looks better on Opry anyway :)
Need to see Texas.
If a dude say the same line a previous dude said to me ; you dont get a Response from me ..
of course im loving the torys...i want to look like you obv. CANNOT WAIT 4 MON!!!!!!!!!
I'm pretty sure my awesome boyfriend just saved me $700 bucks. he's so handy! He fixed my dishwasher.
Freut mich! Glad you're on board with #OpenAccess as well - keep spreading the good word. Prost!
you don't know your beautiful..<3
I hope you get better soon!
Thanks for the follow! Definitely honored!
You followed me already?
hi carmen thank you
Love that you can buy wine, beer, spirits, and cachaca in grocery stores here - too bad you can't in NY
I like that. No disagreeing with that, if you can make it work. Collection point is a nice idea to aggregate work.
- keep forgetting to call this lady back , blah.
I really wish there was more to my life than heartbreak and disappointment...
haha so after she came back from tour the with Chris Keller? :P I'm actually watching OTH now too! lol
What in the world...that's terrible!
I woke up with 50 Facebook notifications and felt really popular. Turns out 49 of them were my mom.
do you live in california
very cool on the kitchen and upcoming spacex and tesla news. Rock on!
Such a huge turn out for the summit. (:
THE HUNGER GAMES WAS AMAZING! Its now one of my favorite movies (with Titanic)
looks like it.
Well here goes nothing.
Just finished our last interview w/ Oscar's childhood friend. It's a wrap! back to the states early in the morning. This trip =
My family held on to me tightly I herd sounds that were strange to my ears In the sun it did shock me The sounds were just what I’d feared.
Just finished my "I Am" paper for english now its tme for xbox livee (:
Daylight savings time!!!!
John Carter (2012). Directed by Andrew Stanton. First time watch. 2/4
I believe it's normally "the pot calling the kettle black" but you're right. My tiny brain must be acting up again
You know, up until today I thought this class sucked in general. In all actuality, it's ok. #AustinR just ruins everything.
Considering I didn't get to finish my readin-80% on my 1st quiz is not bad-but not good-I wanna serve full Alexito Realness *SIGH*
I know my mom & I may fight like 24/7 for the stupidest things ever but when I need her she's there for me. #LoveYouMom #HappyMothersDay :)
I'm not angry, I'm just saying: what about me says I need to see these otters that look like Benedict Cumberbatch?
RETWEET If you have a GREAT mom! #HappyMothersDay RT
A bad truck crash in downtown Columbus..also, one on one with Gordon Gee as Ohio State students head back to class..Join us at 5 & 6 today!
Friday Feb 3rd at Boomerang's in St. Bernard- our official REBIRTH! With Chiva Kneivel and oh yeah...IT"S FREE!!!
Each of the characters could have been the final one, though as everyone waited to find out which it turned out we had got there.
aww :/ I'm going with my dad & his family :p you could of fit in the trunk lol jk.
Chicken pot pie >
Dear Customer Service: First of all you should know that I’m typing this with my middle finger.
Shooting new promo shots today with our dear friend super stoked. Let's just say things are gonna get WET. ;-)
You guys are another best kept actors secret! Rock on!
#myidol - Phillip chose the perfect song. So cool and catchy. Great job.
It's fine by me if you never leave, and we can lay like this forever it's fine by meeed <3
you killed it on Conan last night. Funny shit.
beyond amazing:p
My #highered policy class went well. Great group of students - very engaged in the current issues. Thanks for asking.
lol, I think they're too cool, if the show was about them it wouldn't be as interesting. Accel is kinda corny but he's cool.
Making my own videos, so I guess yes, I'm auditioning for a role. If that sounds weird, keep watching/reading. I'll 'splain it!
lying you the one talking 1.5 million come on cuz and you up northview who you think you are
Get your wolverine lookin ass in the house!
Heading over to for $1 burgers and $1 PBRs. Then out and about in Milwaukee. Any suggestions?
How bout I keep the ones from my favorite professors? :)
Tip #179: "Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth." - Mike Tyson When bad things happen. FIGHT BACK! DO NOT DONK CHIPS!
Congrats! Finally had it caddying 4 huh? When do U start & let's get Verona mayor out 4 a rd B4 U leave?
: calls #homelessness not only tragic but criminal in richest country. Plan for 0 homeless veterans in 5yrs.
If it's not out by summer I shall have to shoot myself.
Wal-Mart says last two employees in pork scandal released
Sup Lil Bro ")
Thanks for the tip. ": follow to start"
How is your boy Lonnie C looking? Are we banking or back peddling on him this year?
are you feeding your pet bear? :)
Tea Party Express emails are the most disempowering emails ever. They're all "Uh-oh, Wisconsin Dems have lots of signatures! Give us money!"
How would I do so on a mac. I don't have a right-click.
Why does the power keep shutting off <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
haha that is either awesome or diabolical. not sure which yet ;)
I'm tired to..
2012 = year of the Wheatus comeback!
...but I'm not sure whether I prefer tragedy or suffering.... either/or if it's well done, I guess.
why thank you
SOUTH BEACH PRIDE! We are ONE! ONE LOVE!
And well you should be proud.
i was at work from 330 to 1230 :(
The dad from Hogan's family is on
brilliant. RT : I will be reanimatingtweeting somebody dead for the come Canada Day.
Karina Smirnoff Says Gavin DeGraw Is Working on Being Romantic ...
I just did this really wonderful film called Map of the World
“: If people throw stones at you, pick em up and build something. #stayfocused”
now why would u put that mess up there?
Castlevania tonight! Who's down to party! Hmu!!
What are you obsessively listening to?
This town likes to blame best hitter on the team for its failures rather than the ownership and/or lack of pitching
yes it is!! So excited hope its good
George Kottaras with the walk off RBIs.
Oh my god, just reminded me of the Santa Cruz preferred usage of FOAD as a noun. Gotta bring that back into my vocabulary.
Ok I have Instagram now so follow me: MoniqueCherise ...Haven't figured it all out yet but give me a day or 2 :) Nite nite ..xo.
nature is cruel. Pokemon KNOW this
Wonder if the farmers were in favor of immigration crackdown in first place?
Food Wisdom: Rice is made soft by boiling it. Even so are hearts are made soft and tender before God by the heat of trial.
New songs coming to you sooner than you thought, sounds good DOESNT it
... I also think it's unnecessarily large. There's no need for such a monster screen. Hard to reach all corners with thumb.
RIP Billy's bracket.
we kissed(;
Between the study lounge, gym, restaurants, and showers, this place is like my second home. Multnomah Athletic Club
Great day of riding with some grilling after.
If they can avoid sweep tomorrow..still a 4-3 road trip...
Starting a new anthro/archeo list if anyone is interesting. Suggestions? Any ideas for ways to meld the LIS/Info degree with anthro?
Join us for Tasty Tuesday's @ One Up. Obviously our drink specials and Food will keep you happy but our 25 cent Wing Special !!!!!
i know:)
Pitched well last season. If he's retiring it's b/c he looked at himself honestly... Tough to do. Hasn't he already retired?
I disagree, you can't execute every great idea you have. No one can execute on your ideas unless you can articulate them..
Gonna go get Jamie, and off too school. {':
those Strawberry ones should be a regular item - delish!
"They taxed us in our own land, and now they want equal rights?!"
Why do people hate rain? Its peaceful..
: I went to Emerson until 2004. Used to live in the North End.
Nobody can make you feel inferior without your permission. - Eleanor Roosevelt
true. I've been watching UC closely. However I'm focused at the moment on contributing to a sustainable republic of letters
you know what grinds my gears, dolphins fans
whatteever floats you're boat broo
have fun
hahahhahaha dawww, i wish i was there
A little! I've had it planned since January, but I finally made an appointment :)
NO! THIS IS AWESOME! RT : My wife wants to get on twitter... this is a bad thing.
"If I had a nickle for every dime you have; I'd have half your money." New Todd Snider album out today.
Really happy with the customization big commerce allows for...worth checking out for those who want to customize their shopping cart
ok..ima hyl if sum come up.
Oh, okay. I feel old, haha! I was 13.
I still remember the feeling I felt wen I first fell for u!:/
jeezy is all I listen to really
I'm trying to wait until my Panera lunch date to eat but I just can't.
Beautiful venue with a heavenly sound quality to support such talented singer-songwriters! Blown away.
So sick.
#TeamFollowBack_ (: let's go
when they sing in the car, & alice has no emotion at all >>>> CRACKING UP!
Why yes, "many of the piece's surfaces can be set in gentle motion by the lightest touch or breeze" & big phat push works too
Happy to see 's listing of the Top 100 bass lakes includes 8 in Texas. Yes!
EVERYONE!!!!!PLEASE RE-FOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
Peyton Manning is coming to the Broncos!!! Get ready for a crazy year.
do you think didn't call back to the show bc he was pissed at for having the pageants?
RT : Last Thursday tonight....nuff said....
Britney Spears - Where Are You Now >>>
oh good!!
lazy days
Nick what football team r u a fan of thats out of the state where you live?!<3 weird question but jus wonderin
Playing Dee Falice tonight in Covington with the great John Von Ohlen on drums. 7-12!
• Another baby???? I didn't even know they were expecting! What timing! CONGRATS !!!!
shockingly, I did not win an iPad.
Three different people have asked me to do NYE red carpet interviews. But I'm breaking free and going to Stevie Wonder !
): i will miss you dearly.
Bitch gott Noo money in the bank!!!!
include Gap!!!!
Oral bacteria contribute to #obesity. J Dental Res, 88, 2009. Take control of your oral #health & your #weight. Get CloSYS. www.closys.com
I'm going to enjoy a few more millionaire fantasies - and then go check my M*g*Million numbers.
weak sauce David #wheelsup!!!!!!!
It really bothers me that I can't decipher Ed Sheeran's time signatures in some of his songs. AH.
- the one where no one actually scores
hahaha it's so hard though omg its just when i have inspiration i can get one done so quickly!
choppin it up with my bro. "WE-GT-WK"
i'm going to be really upset tomorrow when i walk into buildings and people aren't lined up, clapping at my arrival
Thanks to everyone for making the KattCast the most listened to #patCAST this year! There will not be a new episode until Monday.
check ur trash can its still there on ur comp hard drive
alright Celtics, see you in Game 7
What a weekend! If there is two things we love, it's baseball and sun. Were you at Hana Ballpark scoping out the games this past weekend?
It's a great day to come and have some lunch out on the patio!!
Traveling is a fool's paradise. Our first journeys discover to us the indifference of places. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
RT : Headed to tomorrow! Anyone else going?
Faithful Elephants by Yukio Tsuchiya: Elephants die.
You can't tell when she lying you better learn yo bitch
Me and Janely:Whoo go Alex!!!! Yeah! That's my homie Alex Michelle Capone!!!! Whoo! You go girl... Until the teacher interupts me and janely
Hologram Ben! Thanks for stopping by, sir. RT : Fun going to the office for old times sake.
Said hi to today :b shyest!!!;b <3
Look out for
please follow is my sister !
#pinterest founder telling his story at
Good night everyone!
Haha.. He's from Brookline I used to see him from time to time. Dudes crazy tall! Like 6'4
I know seriously. My caffeine substitution is tea... So I guess I do have all four haha
Yall gang bangin $$$ is my sign...
For audio-only get a mid-level solid state recorder (e.g. Sony Zoom). Whether to get external mic depends on your needs.
2 steps back
Got to rep my daddy's team go
Goodmornin everyone and happy mothers day
You watching the fight this weekend?
I think 'scale-ah' makes more sense. I guess I'll switch pronunciations. :-)
Beautiful morning sitting at the lake drinking coffe reading scriptures listening to instrumental smooth Jazz and meditating...
#Celtics trail #Hawks, 23-20, after one quarter. Atlanta shooting 50%, Boston shooting 35%. Hawks lead battle on boards, 12-8.
when people say "it's hunting season" and "bang" I want to scream at them.
tell 'im to bring your stuff back >:O
Welcome to Mizzou! Beyond excited that you are going to be a Tiger!
do you mean for ourselves or for others? I know that for myself it's to create sense memories
Many thanks! RT
I'm surprised you don't have one already...
Ack! Apparently, an awards dinner is a "Banquet" not a "Banquette".
Bout to drop this piss 4 a job
If wireless carriers offer service at speeds/prices/terms comparable to wired.
It needed to be renamed to Icon-FaceTime~ipod.png from just , so you know for the next update.
Looking forward to the "10 most pointless website slideshows!" slideshow.
You surely can't believe this is an accident.
These grades tho....Next semester I HAVE to do better...
I think Q abt value of collections websites could really be "value of collections online" Is the website necessary?
Great necessities call forth great leaders. -Abigail Adams
new head coach huh lol
totally with you. Although I can't understand why they try to tame her with makeup and the whole look. Let her be wild!
The one you can afford and the one you cant afford not to have! Black Benz from a Black Owned Car Dealer. BuyBobNow.com
Greyson Chance at the coffee bean a block from my house?...that's a new one :)
Jst cut my favorite pants & made them into shorts since they didn't fit me from the bottom anymore.
Get out of the heat and get in the pool!!!
beginning of tornado season yo. be safe folks
“: chew is not for girls. #dumbass” remember when we tried it when we were little and thought we were hot shit . so funny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
HAHA!!! Thanks! I think Green is your color! LOLOLOL!!!
Closin in on 800 followers. Thx for the follows Sushi Lovers, we'll keep giving u reasons to stay tuna-ed. Cheers to the coveted 1000 mark!
getting off the ship and back to reality.
Tied again at 32 -- Oakland losing in Miami. We need to win this!
you know it!
Did you see that is #4 on CMG Radio chart?
And don't forget your booties 'cause it's cold outside!
Brewers, NCAA Hockey later w/Italian Beefs & Key Lime Pie! Coloring Eggs in there too sometime!
It truly does!
I know- loved reading encyc. straight through as a kid RT encarta ...Lost all the dictionary's "proximity serendipity" -
I'm gonna get it now! :D
Speaking of, decided I'm def checking out Rubber Soul next wk. Want to try 2x/wk this summer. Sid wants to come w/me!
So.. if you were to get anything for your birthday, what would you want?
Anytime after 5pm on weekdays, 7pm Sat, and 8pm Sun.
thanks man
I hope you're DVR'ing for us.
ooh wouldn't surprise me the least.. That Helena...
Do NOT be gentle.
If you love someone, you better prove it. Because love is not a noun to be defined, but a verb to be acted upon.
College Basketball Is About To Start, These Are The Big Stars You Need To Know via
#FEDUP - Fiscal Conservative - WANT HONEST & STRAIGHT TALK about DEBT & DEFICIT! Tired of smoke & mirrors & confusing political rhetoric!
Still looking for one more #DNation volunteer for the this weekend. Sunday morning 5:45 am-7:00 am. Who's down to help?
Want to see perform at the Chili Cook-Off this weekend? We are giving away tickets in the next 24 hours !
love the pics, can I make the 1of u at sunset MY profile pic...awesome!
Its normal for me to day dream about how i want my life to be.
Hoes want what ya got & phony ninjas want ya spot
Josiah Osibodu thanks for following!
Is that a bad thing?
We will be at Jacksonville College for Jag Day tomorrow speaking and doing a few songs and we will have joining!
What sports are you looking forward to this weekend?
This is sickening #Arsenal. Awful performance. Hope everyone is looking forward to the Europa League.
Do me a favor and don't me a favor
successfully lost my voice :(
"Harry Styles is mine" hahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahhahahhahaahahahhahahahahahahahahaha bitch please
I have it on spotify. I think it is on iTunes tho cus my boyfriend has it and he downloads stuff. I just subscribe
I'm guessing Friday is bullshit day cuz its always dumb shit happening #I hate the drama... miss me wit that shit
#FF and and their incredible website for entertainment, TV, movies, and music !
stoked to have at Beer-Con!
what are best friends for?!
Herman Cain: "I am suspending my presidential campaign."
Shout to the new follower !
One More Pick To Go Lets See Who We Getting
Watching Bjorn Edlund of #Edelman & #Shell speak abt #CSR and thinking about how it's always a double-edged sword. Tricky to wield.
I can't wait!
#PghPC Don't forget our upcoming event on August 25 ! Exciting giveaways! You must be present to win!
Had to create a fictional client for a project. I chose the name "Christine Daae".
“: Excel 2007, October 31, $225 – Beaumont, TX. Send 3 or more students to the same class, the same day and pay only $200 each”
Tonight has not been my night. If someone could be a sweetheart and pray for me it would mean the world to me<3
(unless you're ATEC, then send to Desmond)
Rough one Tooley?
How are people alcoholics? Alcohol is boring unless you're trying to fuck someone .. I dot get it.
I think they're stupid expensive but I like em!
A question for you all - is there anyone out there working in their Dream Job?
"NOW FAITH IS BEING SURE OF WHAT WE HOPE FOR AND CERTAIN OF WHAT WE DO NOT SEE." HEBREWS 11:1<3
gettin on highway from store
Haha, thank you for caring! :D But, I do not ever wear sunscreen. :P I do!! :D I put tanner lotion on to keep (Cont.)
RIP Dick Clark
Learning about #cloudcomputing from one of the best at #techinmotionphilly!
I have some great photos of you on my Facebook <3
as though the unwritten chapter is *real*, even if virtual and not actual. curious to hear what others recommend, though...
I'm just now getting on:(
Rule #456 - SMELL YOUR MEAT.
sounds good!
You're welcome! Have fun!
AXO, DG, PSS: You are not KKG. Stop trying so hard. Phollies will be a copycat sorostitute fest this year.
Dear Avis car rental, the workers at your Jersey City location are breathtakingly incompetent. 3 hours of my life totally wasted by you.
Day for soaking up some sun!!
I personally will be taking it kind of easy tonight, a long week has left me with a sore throat :(
Dworkin "People can live with income inequality...many kinds of inequality, but...can't live knowing...their life will forever be drudgery"
#incollege my school didn't have a football team
Or introverts generally. RT : Twitter is perhaps the best thing ever to happen to the introverted academic.
What’s your favorite late night snack?
Where's the Badugi/TD events?
RT : Up thinking bout my next move! I'm truly blessed
May the best teams win tomorrow!!!
We mostly agree. LAW did nothing to stop 4 years of regular pot smoking. In ONE moment, Holy Spirit purged my whole being.
Merry Merry! Dressed up like I have somewhere to go. All in red.
#Ways2MakeYourCompanyLeave Lie and say your about to leave
Meeting with folks Check out thei blog on Monday to learn about youth impacting change in our transit system.
im free sat. ill see if my best homie will come since hes in town for spring break. just txt me
Soccer vs MPA at home. Come Watch!
Cook as MC=hilarity ensues RT : ICYMI: Don't miss out on #RichieFest this Saturday night, or the terrorists win!...
sounds yummy ! Save me some, won't chaa? (:
SETI Telescope to Help US Air Force Track Space Junk
#NashaRashaNYC Fridays! Despite how it how starts believe your day will end great. Take it one day at a one time.
Apartments recorded the highest index rating with a score of 163, followed by hotels, mixed use, industrial, retail and then office
Slow jams is going down.i love slow jams..
In an effort to curb obesity..Massachusetts officials have banned bake sales in schools! Brownie Scouts must now be known as Veggie Scouts.
Can we start a music revolution!?!
#Casting Looking for and attractive theater type actor. Great voice for doritos spec this Sunday. Email.
I've heard of the figurative "pounding the table" many times and today I experienced it in the literal sense. No substitute for passion!
follow me
#STAR note joys of the malefics & benefics residing in opposition to one another: Venus 5th/Jupiter 11th; Mars 6th/Saturn 12th
DeLeo's only applause line: pledge for stable, transparent and predictable tax/regulatory scheme.
Happy December 1st! Cue the Christmas music...
Which bacon did you pick up from our Woodinville shop? RT : Nibbling bacon from , listening 2 ...
The Pink Panther O =
RE: My last tweet-- Probably not, but can you imagine iCarly; The College Years? lolz That's where the fanfics come in. haha xD
Why the .es domain?
I just thought you were really excited about him for some reason
Rehearsal this morning at BrandeisU's Center sounded fabulous! Everyone coming on Sunday is in for an amazing experience!
well convince ur friends! It's goin 2 b lots of fun
THIS IS NOT AN APRIL FOOLS JOKE... IF YOU WANNA COME OUT TO THE CLUB TONIGHT FOR THE CHEATERS HIT ME UP RIGHT NOW FOR FREE PASSES!
sounds like everyone got bored on the same night to me. :-)
working late...that's a cardinal sin for CRM!
RT this if you think we should do Restaurant Week!!
Is ability stable or variant? Is aptitude fixed or malleable? Ruminate, discuss, then let me know your thoughts and rationale.
Had a potato bar pitch-in lunch at work today...outstanding idea! It was great!
yeah but I just picked up some beer and heading to a friends
Haha... RT : Damn. Don't know why you always get unfollowed lol. Twitter must dislike you
#ThatOnePersonInSchool you can't stop thinking about.. <3
We're the best, and I know it.
omg you're so sweet. Thank you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
could you point me in the direction of a guide to what you said to try?
*falls on floor and lmao* RT : The Knicks are so bad the fans would welcome John Starks back like he was Jesus!
Thanks for the follow, Augustine! Catch us this Thurs. at Plush! #GirlzRock!
Going to work out and then go for a run. Definitely going to enjoy this great weather.
Where will you be for New Year's Eve?
#astdalc keep the discussion going! Bob Zimel wants / needs to know!
Let's all shut the fuck up and sit down!
thank you :)
Have a fun and safe trip to Aruba ! Do your work and then ENJOY!
I just auditioned for Arizona Lottery
SI saying he's going to Phils
Doing forecast's all day makes my eyes tired.
So bored in class...
There are 6 measured quarks, 6 measured leptons & 4 confirmed bosons. 2 bosons are waiting to be confirmed of which Higgs gives others mass
But where at
RT : laptop better idea
Every second one hour of video is uploaded to YouTube #shoutlet webinar
Good luck today!! Portland is still buzzing after last night
Officially don't care about ap gov
I want to be a basketball wife like <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
paulie where r u going this week for college football? We will host u in dallas
oh please. I heard that Casey snort laugh all the way out herr...
City reels under blistering ‘Kathiri&#39; heat
Happy Birthday !!! Everybody show love.
Truth is: Everyone is unique & special in their own way..!!,
YUNI DRAWS A WALK!!! OMG
i cant wait till tonight
IF YOU HEAR THIS SONG A HUNDRED TIMES IT STILL WON'T BE ENOUGH, etc., etc.
Indiana in 6.
Seeing halloween decorations in the stores is really exciting.
LOL I like your headline better
Well I'm off to bed me and Morgan got to work at 4 am
RT : Everyday is Earth Day.
Yeah, the photography is one of the most important parts of selling online - very tricky though! Best of luck to you :-)
That's a horrible rumor lol
FIRST NEW SONG OF 2011! Or at least first complete song of 2011. Submitted song to the Beta Monkey music contest. Email...
Hopefully you took Over the total in #AlamoBowl ! Crazy. No defensive players will be drafted from Baylor or Washington.
Who's going to the opening reception for Simone Leigh's 'jam packed and jelly tight' exhibit at Tilton Gallery? Wish I could be there. :(
Follow and tell me she's not a ringer for Joan Jet. Merry Christmas happy Hanuka and junk
The big thing here is to be happy with what you have! Don't cry for something different.
You know you're amazing when people you don't even know hate you.
Provider Data Management can also be enjoyable as a business. At least we think so!
Most students just want to have fun before they have to go out in the world on their own, financially speaking
Just read that it's Festival of Sleep Day. Don't know where, but maybe here tonight. Now grieving the passing of the holidays.
When someone texts you & it's not from that special someone <<<<
When you stare but she never looks back.
Updating my Twitter page and profile.
My favorite song off Diamond is Against Them All and the music video made it more damn awesome and better!!!!
Too many technology capabilities in Fed Gvt / DoD are "mandated" to be used vs. "built to be awesome and useful"
can't all be kittens and double rainbows. :-)
Happy to! and thanks for the follow back!!
Why do people send evites to someone who lives thousands of miles away? No, I won't spend $500 for a plane ticket to your one-hour party.
Well, you go girl! No pun intended.
Writers, have you ever gotten an agent from meeting her at a writer's conference?
Okay. I'd better go to sleep now, and then work on putting together a protest against the war on women's health.
The human body is the best picture of the human soul
#ilovemyMother and I'm sure you do too. Dont forget Mothers Day is Sunday 5/13/12
Agree. Almost wondered if it was a moot point...
Is that another one? We need more creativity.
New collaboration with Srecko Borse, Judita French and Teatar Exit! In American shooting in June 2012.
The people have the power, not the government so why are you so afraid of them?"
So happy it's Friday. What a week!
I may not have everything but I GOT it all
Red lights flash around the power button No Audio or Visual • Console does not turn on • Console doesn't respond or freeze 78.99
Thanks we'll take a look!
lol right? it's eating all this food that's making me sleepy!
#loopabroad is headed to Thailand! If you're 15-18 years old, check out the curriculum or download an application at www.loopabroad.com!
RT : I just read an article on the dangers of heavy drinking... So thats it, after today... no more reading.
Next steps are conversations with the county... isn't that what this meeting was for?
Jacksonville shopping :) now at a restaurant :)
ahaha. yeah. maybe that's why your mom found your phone!!
Conley keepin us alive right now
Birthday dinner @ the Cheescake Factory for my honey!
Thank you so much for the Happy Mother's Day greeting. You are so kind.
followed. Follow back pls
Happy momma's day #Guam time to all my awesome mommy fam & friends back home. ^_^<U+2665><U+2665>
#imagine Austin: Hi, I'm Romeo. You: But yo-.. Austin: Shhh. Wanna be my Juliet? (; <U+2665>
hm thats lame
:) Good morning :)
are you trying to knock this out today still
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: State Restaurant & Cafe - Sports Bar (live updates)
aye what's good with it
POWER NAP.
Hahahaha my life.
in community, "you have an opportunity to have #kohails do the crazy stuff you want" ... leading to "shared insanity"
The best part about Friday is when you find out it's actually Thursday
ball so hard
Steve is at brothers lounge tonight judging a comedy contest. Starts at 9.
I love how the second day I get my license my car has to go to the shop.
Most often, people generally enjoy those who they attend religious services with. The relationships they build there can be good.
I just had a wonderful conversation with <3333333 love you
i truly love scones
So excited to see you back, ... !!
Sleep time(:
absolutely no problem:)
Lots of limos around town, Presidential choppers flew over my house on the way to Clooney's place.
Truth! So #Focus on what you want & Go For It w Everything!:D RT You can do anything, but not everything. ~ David Allen
Ready to learn more about flexible classroom design
All signs are pointing to I should of stayed home safely in bed with my teddy bear today.
Just wanted to say that you did a phenomenal job as The Hulk. I love how even CGI Hulk looks like you haha. Bravo!
09 Joseph Phelps #Syrah #Napa. Undeveloped nose. Hard tannins attack the tongue. Some plum, cherry, meat. Needs much time. 86 pts
alright fam . Thanks , Will do
the only consequence is hearing that god awful band on the radio tho why would anyone do that to themselves
All adverse and depressing influences can be overcome, not by fighting, by rising above them. -Charles Caleb Colton
It's Special Format Friday! Tonight's 10pm format: Red Rover! All the joy (and pain) of the classic schoolyard game, now improvised.
We are stoked for the season!
wait, one tweet is we as in Iowa football. Next tweet is we ad in wisco ball. WTF?????????
get it together ma 25 is a great age 2 have FUN..
I'm not a Pete Carroll fan, but he might want to get that resume in order - because I bet they are gonna deep six that guy after this week!
...it's a big leap from Duke & Miles not liking the word to where you stand on it. & as you know evidence from the old days (ctd)
Going bowling!
IKR, I STILL NEED 4 MORE!
Not one to talk politics,but the selection of candidates is embarrassing! I'm writing in Kenny Rogers for Pres 12' Who would you write in?
Chill out jev
Femfessionals is! We support and connect biz women. We just launched our Minneapolis chapter!
followed:D
it's all a mystery. warping through time on wayne coyne's wings.
Oh goody. Love flying on the tiny planes.
U sound really good!!!!! I would love to work with you,can u send me ur email??
welcome ma dude
Buffalo Sabres owner Tom Golisano has reached an agreement to sell the team and its related companies to billionaire Terry Pegula.
THANKS and hopefully coming to a theater near you in the fall!
Hey, what's up girl(:
Please help me make my bff's dreams come true. Follow me and I'll tell you my secret plan. Pretty Please with a Cherry on Top.
I don't think it's even illegal. It just refers to sens/reps working to get sweet deals for their home states/districts.
~ Your B day is still a week away...
Another interactive touchscreen anniversary Mirasol in La Costa Greens - fabulous sales office; great location!
JUSTIN HURRY UP jgfilsdhgsiudlhglfdgsfdgsdf
Rest and relaxation for the weekend to defeat this pneumonia once n' for all.
Arrested for DUI in San Diego county? Call us today at 619.338.9500 for a free consultation! We offer affordable rates and experience!
Yes I have a laptop and yes I will be able to play while on my dialysis treatment. I will out there killing Sith as a JK lol
Didn't realize my designs were such that someone could recognize me as the designer without having seen it before.
"Being a 501c3 is a tax status, not a business model" and #nonprofits need to be able to fully cover the costs of operating. Imagine...
plzzz follow me
Students! Final rehearsal for Student show is this Saturday!!!! Let me know if you need a private lesson before then! <U+263A>
just learned I can save albums i like in #pandora right to #diigo by clicking on them... cool!
To love is nothing, to be loved is something but to love and be loved; thats everything.
#FF shows with @
Go to bed nigga!!!
dreams R music&pornagraphy.Preferably music gota tounge that dosnt quit&niether dose my dick.why not make use of it hope u notice this shit!
I dread Mondays -_-...
#truthis I'll chase my dreams,though my parents would rather I didnt.Being poor I'll deal with..but unhappy?Never.
Correction Wine lol
too bed? Hm.
DC: Police Chief Grooms hands out answers to test questions to senior officers. SO that's how you move up the ranks in the DC MPD!!
Aw!! Yes the feeling is!! :) So know we are finishing each other's sentences?! lol
: bet it was fun.... :) wishing you an amazing weekend! :)
Listening to "be somebody" ...
Tony Parker used to, and still can on the odd occasion, do both.
If you ever feel trapped just realize there are plenty of people out there who do help^^
nope! Just a little update and some light brown ombré at the ends. Happiest I've ever left a salon!! Will tweet pics!
I finish the video editing on Friday, just have to set it to render. Finishing photos from yesterday lax for the client
Com'on Hawks. Quota for upsets has been met for the night. Its ok to win
I think mumford and sons is one of the most lyrically talented music groups of our time. I really love them.
Hungry, bro.
+1. RT : Reading through a fascinating thesis paper about Cixi and photography. History Symp this year is going to be excellent.
This white dude just educated me on comedian Dick Gregory
You rock for letting me use your extra pair of socks to keep my feet warm while I cover the Occupy The Courts protesters.
It's only a matter of time :o)
Sick...5 min till dinner break..built back up to $36K w no shwdwns..actv kid r utg...sense strength. Just call btn w QQ. Flp762hhh. He cbets
lmaooo...I thought about it but it's some Asian dude who isn't very conversational...
Hi, guys! Sorry I haven't been on in a few weeks, just been so busy. What's up, every1? Hope you're having a lovely day! Xo ~ <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>Cat
Looking forward to the opening party thursday night 8pm at Sole Repair in Seattle for APRIL - a celebration of indie literature.
At the hospital, waiting for pappaw to get his tests done.
Are you going to attend Decorex in London? And So To Bed will be the center marque for the Design Fair. All the Best! Larry
Now it rains. Where was it when I was roasting.
S/O to follow her
That's awesome! I would say it depends on where he goes in the draft. I miss college baseball....
Screeing of #WRATHOFTHETITANS tonight ... Hoping it's better than Clash of the Titans!
The lion king? Really? What the fuck.
No apple store? Where can I buy a mac air power adapter on Kona?
It would be great if Apple opened SIRI to knowledge bases from Educational Institutions. Do you think it will happen?
um hm
#Blushes How Sweet
chillen at da crib viben rite now think i mite go wit my boi tomorrow nite
let me get his straight. Paid up AFTA people will no have to pay????
Very cool. I didn't know you were from Dayton.
He who allows himself to be insulted, deserves to be.
welcome back to the Crew!
Had a great time tonight! <U+263A>
I can run the mile faster than the Facebook iPhone app loads content these days! Seriously, what gives
went to the studio to meet her & she brought the wonder woman full outfit. I asked why she wasn't wearing it on the radio
Great game on now! #1Florida vs #8South Carolina tied at 3. doing a great job with
Cee lo look like he choking on his outfit
I call you to hear your voice i guess you're just busy.
All the TechStars cloud companies are nailing it! So much energy in the room
Happy Friday! We hope you all had a great work week! Enjoy your weekend!
HECK YES!!! haha ;p
Check in at RCS to be entered in a drawing for a FREE laptop! Got heem?
Hey guys!
since u have moved to ga u have gotten lil rowdy. Thats the good ol south
RT : Jeff Bradach If you are interested in public health, you should be working with the Y
I'd love to see a #Tweetup of the people who comment on online #news stories. That would be one weird and awkward time.
Proud sponsor of Miss Duncanville! Miss East Texas! and Miss Northeast Texas!
Long Live Youppi
Glad you like the podcast!
: Though it is depressing that folks don't have enough community to organize their own more fun games.
He's great because he can dig in and find great deals. It's late, what can I say? They can't all be comedy gold. lol
down the street to this Vietnamese restaurant that we eat at all the time
Did you say that old librarians are practically dead? They seem to be making too many decisions.
Love the film, Leopold's land ethic has driven my decisions as a biologist and filmmaker.
been trying to get ahold of your PR for months with no response. Best email address?
what I still dont know what state you live in
I got a thing for #oomf -__-
Pick up only. No deliveries for clearance items
Do you mix it with ice cream? :-)
Was at bestbuy and in the dark started playing !! I started singing it in front of everybody!!
Foster the People Pumped up Kicks!
whenever you want I'm down :)
+1 RT : I have a whole new respect for #designers... Photoshop & illustrator are not for the faint of heart.
Savvy Shopper: Rachel Hardy thanks her mother for work ethic: I spent a lot of time in and around her office causing mischief and bei...
Oh Friends you always make me laugh! Makes me think of the summer of CK2
Tonight is the Cre3SoL mixer. Its a FREE event, with music, artist, food, visioning, and a Raffle with really dope prizes ie studio time
big game for tonight. wish i were going! salt lake is for real. hoping for some or magic.
never realized how cute frankie jonas is. hes gonna have killer looks when hes older!
#maroon5 is always catchy.
"too fake" by big Sean and chiddy bang... That's it for now
Plant seedlings in a paper egg carton. When ready, cut to seperate each seedling and just plant in the ground.
Wanna be the taste-tester/sampler for us?! :-D
It's the playoffs. Rub some dirt on it. Signed, -Jay Cutler
Party with tonight as we toast to our owner Joel on becoming a daddy at Katacombs 1909 N Lincoln...we will be given away drinks
GET IN MAH BELLY! RT Brrr... Soup: Jamaican Black Bean + Yam, Samich: Black Forest Ham + Brie on croissant
I hate having a stomach ache:/
2nd advisory council meeting happening now. Can't wait to hear all of their ideas/suggestions to make this year's conference great!
I left my leftover's ugghhhh
I would like to thank everyone who has visited my blog. If you haven't yet, click the link. Http://dmgartstudio.blogspot.com
yes. It is.
I Am Looking At Two WebSite's. So Far Thier Pretty Good, One Is Not Completely Done
Hi, and thanks for the follow!
Thanks for the vote! And we definitely have a native app on the road map =)
Someone bring me food at the hospital I havent eaten since 9:30 this morning =/
Just found out , i got another sister ?
RT - Fausto Carmona leaving the Indians-Reds game for Cleveland after he tripped and fell facefirst while running to 1st...
what? He's hot and yeah I take self defense classes lol no jk I'm a natural badass
sometimes you have to hope for the best and prepare for the worst
Happy Mothers day tweeps.
Nope. That comparison won't work. Distinct difference is that black americans did not come as immigrants seeking opportunity...
One year ago today I asked her to marry me... I love my wife!
Roller Derby was mega fun PLUS it kicked my butt 2day. Rebuilding my energy now :). Fun hangin last night!
#AskPayton Do you always write back to your letters you get from fans?
Finished my verse lastnite.. im too pumped for studio.
GOOD MORNING!!! Can this plz be the day u will notice me???
I'm sorry but if you wear sparkly toms I lose respect.
yeah stupid ass wind!
And sleeping drunk is actually not so relaxing for your body. You're fucked. Lol
"I bowed at failure and it granted me success"~F.Opaleye~ NEVER GIVE UP!!
twitter - #bowdrix to enter headband giveaway contest
ugh stupid myspace im is out rite wen i was chattin with my mommy and yes i was chattin with her u gots a problem???? lol jk
it was quite a sight, I think someone was actually licking icing on the dance floor at one point... idk it's kind of hazy
thx hope you had a very merry christmas!!
y'all should turn it into movie
Pill heads pop everyday kid
It definitely has some impressive traction. It's just that I don't yet get to use it frequently enough for it to normalize.
#Doesntlookgoodwhen you're in foreclosure, that's why you should call us :)
RAY RAY is my hero.
TWC 16, now they are talking about cheese though.
Is Ray J there? Isn't he a self-proclaimed member of the money team?
hey mama wutz good???
Choir concert went well tonight. One more day of school and the wisdom teeth.
well im sorry for asuming it was something else and i just feel bad that im on my phone while im hanging with my friend
Should I offer custom gaming tokens as a premium with the custom card sleeve Kickstarter?
Bullpen, take a lap!
a combo of cardio, strength & stretching not only burns more calories, it also tones your muscles & protects your body from injury
Yup yup were STILL UP CANT SLEEP 1:26am
is looking forward to getting this long weekend started!
that's my goal and to send stuff home with my brother when he goes to Thailand with me for Spring Break
10 days until Christmas
Megan Fox is having Brian Austin Green's baby, which is as close as we are going to get to Michael Bay directing an episode of 90210.
not gonna jinx anything... :p
oh gee -__-
Portland medical examiner releases name of Monday's shooting victim as Jack Dale Collins, 58.
used to not no more y wats up
The BMW2002 is one of the most amazing sports cars ever produced. I had a '73 and it was mint green.
Voting for Seattle Weekly web awards. Oh decisions decisions...
#TeamFollowBack Go Follow Now!!!!! Gain A #Follow For the 1st FIVE to
Maybe it was a bad thing to apply my makeup before watching my soaps. Don't make me cry, Jack!~
We've been workign with on his concert series & tonight he has Edward Sharpe. Our poster for the event in the shop tomorrow!
RT : Why don't YOUR photos sell for $4.3MM at a Christie's auction? Because you, my friend, aren't making images like this:...
... ROFL yea I saw that. As if anyone gives a flying fuck about the pathetic fucking piece of shit A's.
Bye bye hair!
Q: What's in your stockings?
#SetDesigner urgently needed! Will pay! Contact us for details!!
Terminated, Let Go, Laid Off, Released, Fired!, Canned!
put Wonder by RJ Palacio on it.
yea thats more money to spend that i dont have...one day tho
5 hours and a half to be exact *super twitch* >.<
so myfrand brakesup wit my otherfrand&he gets mad her ME Im lik wat did i do.i didnt brakeup wit u.RT if u agree with me
Thanks Larry !! RT :
It won't. It can only help you. :
great watching you and working with you! Look forward to seeing a lot more of you on the TV and big screen!
Last day of staycation...boo!
Man, Harden's beard>>>>>Brian Wilson of the San Francisco Giants
I would vote yes. The first colonial Americans left the old world to escape religious mandates, to have liberty & pursue happiness
I got on for biz, and still mostly focus there, but social side is addictive/amazing. Still a noob, tho.
My god..maybe you can sing, but your vocabulary need some tuning up!
I hate wanting you but Kant have you ! But at the end of the day I can't help wat I want. Right??
Find something you love to do and you'll never have to work a day in your life. ~Harvey Mackay
west, l.a. , east, n.y., mid west, kansas, north east Detroit, mid south nashville
I'll give you best prices ever. What do you need? White home button? 6$. What else? Tell me...
Good morning all!!.. Have a great good Friday!!
Can you please come home and love us?
If i can put chocolate sprinkles on them, I'm there.
I'm sitting here rackin my brain on how does the profit split between doritos and taco bell go for the
Any singers in the house????
you thought extremely right my friend :)
RT #Pisces will cry you a river, but you will never see us shed a tear!
RT : about to announce winner of Dell Scooter ...excited to see who wins #dellsxsw #sxswi >I wish we could have entered!
Hmm. Have had assignment for 2 weeks and am starting it the day before it's due.
RT : I love using morningstar farms meal starters in tacos, or as a stir fry with veggies yum!
New campus challenge: Bank of America announces global commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 15% between 2010 and 2015.
ew no thats nasty.that happened in final destination...if you're gunna kill her just drown her in the pool...its less painful.
Thats why he is one of our presenters 4 #tedxyouth RT : Who doesn't love a good hug?
why am I awake this early, and I don't have school or work...
How about this weather!
I am finally, after over 12 years, losing patience with [one department in] our IT office.
OK we look fwd to seeing it.
Wearing a suit on the first date is a great way to remind her "I'll always make more money than you".
looks worse on tv.
"don't let me text him tonight"
It requires mad patience.May even require isolation from family & friends. You will have to focus on potential customers.
I forgot to get a pic of you with Robin! Will do that next time when you purchase a custom banjo from him...
. and citing Kepner Tregoe decision-making model for finding new software (works for other things, too)
& you know how they have those cars that they sells & stuff, well Alex decides to be a rebel & break into on and we (c)
Elon Musk says the US will remain the most innovative country in the world but minimize the tax and regulatory burden on small companies.
Happy birthday S/O to my lovely
Bookinaday is the only student run book publishing workshop in the country. At school #44 today in VA
I tweet my OWN thoughts, asshole.And I don't need U to talk to me. So FUCK OFF, dumbass LIBERAL motherfucker !
My Royals shirt is mad at me. He's been talking to my Chiefs shirt about his trip to Western KS. My Royals shirt wants to go. LOL
Props to all involved for putting the "c" back in weekly TV comedy!
dodgeball fight is tomorrow! should we do guys vs girls or mix it up?
why do people not open doors for others?
Just got home from a Chinese Christmas Eve dinner with Lynne Lerner, Bob Kulick, and Stella Stevens.
I haven't ever heard any music by One Direction, so I won't pass judgement on them. But considering their fan base...perhaps I'll pass.
I use Android TweetDeck with text size 16!
it wasn't bad when i looked at it.. 14 miles or less.. that's easy on a bike. :)
Lol, doing the most!.
Did we just become best friends!
Yes! "US Culture in the Age of Experts," with Tim Melley, Rebecca Lemov, me, and Priscilla Wald as commentator, is on the program for
To win the battle for Israel’s survival, every child of God must fight this battle in prayer-a spirit battle led by Satan himself...
RT : Maybe I'm the only one who rarely listens to the broadcasters... Hard when we got a Hall of Camera like Uecker!!
Riesling! German vs Alsace vs Austria! Ok. I need an idea for Saturday's wine class at Fuel Ready? Go
why do you hate Wisconsin.
Congratulations on the shout out from Bono! Amazing tribute to our country.
I just have to tell the world... Our staff is pretty wonderful.
Thanks to everyone for the smorgasbord yesterday. I'm hungry! Nd
Pack snacks with you at all times: when you're shopping, etc., you'll be able to satisfy your hunger without sacrificing good nutrition.
Limited connectivity this week. Send an email if you're looking for me...
Did the Heat just give us the least helpful update of all time?
Dinner w/the gang & Trent. Good food/cool vibe!
oh yu so copied me lol :b
Hey now!!! LOL Things are pretty busy here, just how I like it. I am way more productive when I'm busy. Ready for the weekend?
Redeye to Tampa, Florida for some sunshine and bermuda grass greens. Any good recs for courses?
I go into the office early on Tues and Thurs so my bro and I may have a 15 min script study/discussion when he drives into work. I love it!
No problem. Some ribs will make the shame go away ;-)
So sorry about that. I do know the feeling.
In 1965, LBJ invoked "we shall overcome" before Congress. Don't tell me it's just words Obama is using.
thats a lucky as bitch !!!
Need To Find Something To Do.
The Easter Bunny hops in to GCM at 6pm today! Join us for a festive Easter story with the Bunny. Don’t forget your camera for pictures!
Your attitude is often the only difference between a crappy day and a great day.
always have a great time with
That uncomfortable feeling you get when you are watching a disaster that you are powerless to prevent.
aww my friend has a westie named Callie - so sweet. I am a sucker for dogs!
Cliff Harris! “: Where's our secondary help!?! NOO RT : With the 23rd pick Lions have drafted OT Riley Reiff
Had a great meeting of the minds with ! We both agree there are much healthier ways to medicate than smoking. Edibles & Vape!
I think those shoes are fine... Though I'm a pretty crappy girl too... I say rock 'em.
The warehouse sale Huntley Road, Bldg D, Columbus (Worthington area) also starts Friday. We've moved in contents from 2 new estates.
excellent 09 Pinot. Awesome rose. I've been going with old standbys the last year. Need to brush up!
Nothing says breakfast like a gigis cupcake
Winner! Bet animal kingdom 4 ky derby since my son wants 2 go there! So much 4 stats! Who's takin home the cash!
Your are right! We should not be making a profit off student loans when banks pay almost 0% money
I wish i has my world
Let this just be a lesson sometimes a man can just slow u down.
Enjoy the Christmas weekend everyone!
Technically looks up to everyone. #shortjoke Regardless, congrats and well-earned hotpanini2
Is that what happened??
Has been a from the day i saw his vid of him singing and playing the drums..from that day on i promise to be his fan forever!!
lol me too that's why I got excited
be abusing d fuq oudda twitter.
like ships in the night, querido. Great paper last weekend, btw!
There were 34 players in today's noon $140 buy in tournament. The top 5 places get paid, first is over $1300. Next tournament is at 7 pm.
People who don't floss their teeth or keep their gumline clean<<<<
Considering how small my apartment is, the fact that I can never find my baseball is baffling.
I hate travel baseball. Screws with my plans.
just had a beer while getting a haircut at fellowship of barber surgeons in SD!
BREAKING NEWS: Dublin Police confirms Avery Rd at Brand is closed due to a serious injury accident.
Love the attitudes of the DB's on this team! Puttin' in the work with special results ahead #BCS #hookem#
Buying my mom coffee for Mother's Day bacause I can't afford anything else. God I'm a good kid.
“: Noam Chomsky doesn't like them too much” || Oh I get it you're joking and not serious, I've fallen for a classic prank. Bazinga.
Thx for the follow! Enjoy and Share 15% off medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout! Custom Dry Erase is the new trend!
ha!! Sure you right!
YES, exactly what my mom says ! ha !
Gulp. Reading complain-y posts about #HAWMC prompts makes me :( a good lesson to remind myself not to take it personally.
whoohooo! New NoodleTools!! I'm excited but that sdtrk for that promo video needs to go. Had to mute it. Too distracting.
Happy New Year! Last night was awesome. Jumped in the Ocean this morning. Now, packing for Oklahoma. Army bound tomorrow. Peace.
lol what part of Tennessee are you moving too?
I trusted you. For a long time I even thought you were my best friend. You're fake, awful, sneaky and right now, I hate you.
I'm back. I promise I will not fly another airline.
Finally!! eating some good ice cream to end my great day!
Flight booked
It is going! Busy, Busy! Did you happen to watch commencement?
I fucking hate this I just wanna scream and #runaway :(
We wanna blog about short sales, stay tuned! Debt forgiveness, good prices, short turn times, not one lost! The mission, avoid foreclosure!
already am lol
On my way to Minneapolis for #flashbelt conference. Excited/extremely curious to gauge the temperature of the Flash community these days
One time I do believe Romney is when talks about how good it is that he's super rich.
Thoughts? RT : Looks like Stewart Downing has got his 1st assist of the season. Getting Kenny Dalglish the sack.
Hey, We are at HELLAS in Hope Mills, NC tonight .... We start at 9pm-12am...
Follow Fridays.... Add/like/love
Mom: I was explaining to dad the other day that someone was snuggling drugs into the country
Quality is not made up, it's a way of life <3
Hahaha mia's tweets make me laugh
We need to put this in the OU commercials, right after the scientists. RT : Why can't dogs catch their breath very easily?
Coalition building is essential to working well with organizations who may be working towards the same goal
Clippers can have the highlights, we'll take the W.
was where anthro, socio, philo, psycho studies, linguistics, & lit theory together created a coherent research program. [+]
ok I'll disregard yours ..lol hi tiffany :)
Sherlock Holmes is awesome! and the MLG news is awesome! keep up the awesome work!
The exchange is interesting with Thanks!
i had an amazing #thanksgiving and awesome new clothes
Other than the fact that I'm not a sassy coed, then yes.
My boys!! Weaver throws a no-no tonight! I think the #Angels are turning the corner!
RT : The trouble with leadership is that anyone who wants it shouldn't be trusted with it.
love you :)
6 potential playoff games though!!!? there is a conspiracy against the lakers
Im honored to b a part of wrkn out of & #Earsgear&atmosphere
“: #success is the best revenge!”---- completely agreed!!
Bitches know our name thats rite #BigBang. 1D got noting aganist VIP's. You just jealous of our fame
mine would be another 6 wks, can't wait! let me know how it is.
MT “: It's official: Modernist Versions Project wins BIG grant in support of partnerships w #mjp, #NINES, #islandora #EMiC #fdu”
#crowdsourcing Have people been having trouble in #googledocs? For about a month, I've been getting "trying to reach google" every few mins
ignored!!! dont feel like doing anything! -not wanted- !!
We won the series by soccer rules RT At least we salvaged a split #100%realjuice
About to have some serious retail therapy tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009C> pumped
thinking ...'mytweetspace' is in need of a 'spell-check'
I will be proud to once again vote for . We need more statesmanship and bipartisanship not less
awesome. well whats your email address? (you can private message it if you'd prefer)..
Obviously you have to wear skinny jeans to attend Asbury.
Remind your clients that local elections in CA are tomorrow. Post the bilingual hotline for assistance: 1-888-vey-y-vota
has the other one come through yet?
Oh, you poor dear! I am sorry you could not come : ( I hope you feel better soon!
Negotiations... Gonna be a long night - come on brinkmanship!
If you want a song tweet me a request and an MP3 will bee on it's way.
If you die today...how will you be remembered?
I love you, not for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you.
#Goodnight twitter.
are you from new jersey?
I'm always burning myself >.< wtf
my man. We gonna have to make that happen, I'm always down for a nice Chi town get away.
TOO FUNNY <U+E412> !
Ah bummer. Yeah things are well. I was just hoping to see you before you got super crazy shooting your pilot!
RT : Good times with as usual! <-- We appreciate you Megs!!!
April Fool's + Palm Sunday = Face Palm Sunday. (thanks )
I've met you in person, you're a very beautiful girl & yet on all your pictures on facebook you seem slightly retarded. Explain yourself.
good for you
WHEN I GET MY LISCENSE IMMA RUN YO ASS OVER <U+E00D>
This is a good movie
Wait, what? Whose account is getting shut down? Honestly haven't a clue what you mean. Do tell!
o that's def what's up! Pick a good neighborhood!!! Ain't trying to get shot up at a session LOL!!!
People that don't text back <<<<
If Leslie takes this job in Houston, I think I'll legally be able to purchase machine guns and bazookas.
Why does my bed always decide when I sleep or get up?
Fab photo of U, ! Honored to be followed & added to your actor list. You're kick'n awesome. Have a great week.
Out in the Gaslamp, at McFaddens! Where should we go next?
well I'm just glad you associate me with Kelly Rowland lookalikes. <U+263A>
well ya got me there, but still you get the point!
You're there?
R.i.p to the girl I use to be 8'
Windex is from Jesus.
In the morning home run, going, late, saw the cat and let the whole world wait ... how can a mil do not cuddle:)
Everybody follow the REAL , not a fake one.
When you put your arm around me .
If you don't know much about tort reform, a nicely done short video to help bring you up to speed...
No Rose, no Noah, but also no reason to lose tonight. #Bulls had the win in their hands. No excuse to lose tonight
Well, maybe I would have posted it on G+. The migration over to there is still kinda slow
well I haven't really told anybody yet. I was gon wait till the weekend to start telling folks.
make it a game
No one can replace Aubrey :] you will always occupy a place in my heart just not in my apartment :[
Morning Twitter. :)
I always be slipping and shi when im by my self..lol!
Grandma: somebody's telephone is going off...
If bibliography of suggested (existing) digital resources is needed, librarian, faculty, inst. technologists submit ideas
You should try www.bypasslane.com at the Coyotes game! Order concessions from the comfort of your seat!
Students and community allies: Follow the ! Get updates and suggest ideas for YOUR representative body!
A. Athlete in the jersey creates value for the seller. Otherwise Oregon wouldn't have pulled Blount jerseys after the punch.
HEY PEOPLE! COME CHECK US OUT ONLINE. WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.COM
Rihanna flew her hairdresser from U.S. to London b/c she was having a bad hair day.
halftime. my circulatory system gets a short break
3 reasons I had to turn down working at The Voice: poetry, art, and music class :(
Okay, maybe these are your Mothers Clippers.
how you pull that one?
Regime change. Man City beats Man U 6-1.
Irish Stew, anyone? Stop by during lunch today and enjoy the savory flavors in our homemade soups!
all day errrday.
Be careful dont get kidnapped
thanks for the re-tweet-thanks for sharing
Seems everyone is getting 5+ copies of everything from ALM. Hopefully they are not using this to measure ROI.
So crazy. #Harmacy was a new song at one point. Now we're playing again!!
Today's thought: "Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs." —Henry Ford
Bars in baltimore may be staying open till 3am!!!
7th career playoff triple-double for Rajon Rondo!
Nobodys perfect, but your perfect for me.
So ready for this dinner to be done!
lol Alberto Del Rio just got told by #TripleH on #Raw #SuperShow and then Sheamus dominated xP
Of course pop out...ground out...smh
and - loved your call today! I'm signed up and look forward to getting started in February with you both. :)
please please follow me !!! :)
I needed some reminiscing ;) I'm glad you're doing so well!
what you runnin your mouth about son?
We appreciate the FF love!
definitely haha ride or die!!!! Haha
Still deciding whether or not I like Eat Pray Love.
But, who gets to decide and when and why? has some data that is not open and for good reasons. That's not bad.
LOL sorry Tara! We gotta spread the word & get some tix sold! We'll hopefully have them 4 u thru the end of the year at least!
Screams tommorrow! Should have a teaser up soon :)
Wait, what? What is that doing?
What was your halloween costume?
Playing Gruene Hall tomorrow from 12:30-4pm. Hope to see a bunch of ya there!!
hah, no worries. glad you made it back safe (albeit sans sleep!)
Very proud of our team and our friends at We R working our buns off for the 4/14/12
Roughly where do you put him on the post-draft Bloom 100? Won't hold you to it, just figuring if I should trade up to 1.7
Guess who got out of cermaics an hour early
RT everybody who opposes Gay Marriage should have to look Neil Patrick Harris in the eye and tell him he doesn't deserve love
Thank you for checking in with us on foursquare - what dish did you most enjoy this evening?
Test. Only an avatar test.
lol who knows.. your off?
I understand the physics now.
-blushes- TY. I'll share my ropes with you!
Sweet! Glad to hear it! What was your script about? Was the feedback valuable to help with further drafts of your script?
+1 “: Yes! RT Thinking abt offering classes on buying, cutting, preparing, cooking Gulf fish. Any interest?”
MFoucault: "The principle of maximum/minimum replaces the notion of equitable equilibrium" (BoBiopol 17). Compare to:...
You've been dating for a month? you must be so in love. -- Condescending Wonka ()
So many "out of office" auto replies this month from people who are on vacation... getting jealous that I don't have a summer trip planned.
Getting ready for a class chat on copyright issues in distance education.
This ----> RT : Portland should interview for the GM job!
I'm kidding! Lol no I'm underage!
I'm waiting for 1D....in my bed
I just spit out my tea laughing so hard at your nickname for Harris Teeter #theTeet I'm dying that is so funny!
You too! We enjoyed it as well.
Thanks. Wish I had the green vinyl though.
Junk Food (:
Dear Directioners, Its quiet on twitter... A little bit TOO quiet...
Happy 16th Birthday! I hope you have a great day! I love you!! <3
Thanks, Alison for the RT! Hope you are doing great!!
#BoyfriendWillWinGrammys of course it will cuz its going to be the #BEST song ever so why wouldnt it win a
Haha. It is, isn't it?
haha yeah I miss that whole house. So many ridiculous memories. And sexual ones..
Gabriela got cut by a thorn of a plant ! D:
no it's awesome I'm happy someone likes them :)
thoughts flow so freely late at night
lol, yea I was like wdf is this niqka talking bout but then I saw wat I put.
Wishing All A Fantastic Easter!
A new found clothing website + a sleepless night + me = bad news
Operation slow down 465 is in full effect! Cops are everywhere around the big circle. No more 75 in a 55 peeps.
Have fun guys. I am going to stop by for a second.
when do we get off break?
Sometimes I just give up on life and stop caring.
Im Hot! With no AC :/
Kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve. ~ Jacqueline Schiff
Uninspired by #SOTU. Where was the call-out of Democratic sad-sacks? Where was the pimp-slap of Joe Lieberman? I'm Canadian from now on
agree; and sharing that aggregated/curated page is ok, but not each post as added (which I've done, sadly)
So excited to spend this special weekend with ! Been talking about it since I was 14 <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB>
If you're not a fan of the Beastie Boys don't go to a bar or club this weekend because Djs will be paying tribute to MCA...
Okay!! I will be waiting!!!
Thanks for the follow ... so far you have brightened the days at the office :)
RT : A3 Nah. If anything, it sends a message that a jury of 18 can't have a good critical conversation about books.
I rep that West
happening vs 20 yrs ago they had no treatments at all.
She takes it anyway except personal
i wish you were here with me.
#48dc INSIDE SCOOP: Most unpopular genres: Silent Movie and Musical or Western. Films I most enjoy: Silent Movie and Musical or Western.
let us know if you have any questions or if you need some assistance! xox
You know. He wants to avenge his brother's death and he turns around & Robin plays dead.
#Callback for #National #Comcast #Commercial... wootwoooo!
You obviously have a wonderful daughter and I imagine it is going to be an amazing journey watching her grow. Enjoy!
....shouts 2 u handsome
Read a great article a few days ago about paperless teaching. Here's to hoping I can encourage the kids I tutor to start blogging!
WOW.....thx for the reminder :)
Drake > everyone else
gahaha there's plenty more realer than me. But I'll swing on someone talking about my boys!
KOALADANCEBOTS RUN THE WORLD!:)
go to sleep, it's past your bedtime lil boy (:
yup. At least if your gonna call one sided do it for the home team wtf
Watching Elf and eating subway. M :)
my mom was home alone and a black guy came to their house and he was trying to sell glass cleaner and he sprayed it on the-
Many agree that Rotary has changed their life. those who don't want to settle for an ordinary life and seek extrordinary things should join
High Vaultage Get Your Ugly Mug In HIGH VAULTAGE COMPETITION Starts 17th of March at 12PM PST 2000 GMT1 Fart your way to the stars amp be
what you got on schedule so far?
#nowfollowing !!=] howdy do!!!
Visel: On the net, our interactions are low-impact. How do you get people to care? We've solved the quantity problem, not the quantity one
Bieber to switch on Westfield Christmas lights - UNLIMITED CMU LondonNet Bieber to switch on Westfield Christmas lights UNLIMITED CMU It
Shot several pictures in Texas & got to tell you a lot of not so nice people. I am sure there are but...
Gladstone is so shocked by the terrible carnage of the American Civil War that he feels Great Britain must act to end it
Empty net soon by CAPS...... Get ready
not today bro
Things girls want from guys: 1. Good morning/goodnight calls. 2. Pictures taken together. 3. Surprises, especially little ones.
Today 1953:Milwaukee Braves make their official debut at the newly built County Stadium, beating the St. Louis Cardinals 3-2 in 10 innings.
By the way, regarding that last tweet about music: I never thought I'd find something to replace iTunes, but Spotify rules
& u kno its true
There's a Hy-Vee Hall? Is there a friendly smile in every aisle there?
#Oscars Is it really true that Gary Oldman hasn't been nominated before? What a crime!!
I love watching
We pretty much made that couch look good tonight. Real good.
I think yes. if one had to choose where to spend resources...apps dev v. mobile web. choice is easy given advancements of devices
Kiss me im contagious :)
An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's. Will Rogers
MOS WANTED CREW ALL THE WAY DOE
For every talent that poverty has stimulated it has blighted a hundred. John W. Gardner
she is so cute!!
Hey gurl didnt get ready in time today either eh ;P
I Hate Ppl Who Think Dey Can Run Me
Gameday March Madness style! Sporting KC takes on FC Dallas at 6pm, and watch the Kansas-North Carolina NCAA game at 4pm throughout #LSP!
The HR generalist in our hospital orientation just mentioned Meyers-Briggs.
Going through a hard time, its all my fault, men if you love your woman think real hard before you break her heart... I love my woman!
arrivial time please?
absolutely gorgeous! Ill sext you!
WOW has 175 NEW followers in 96 hrs since my #job #interview #SEO. #Age #Discrimination is a crime #CEO !!
Starbucks is selling beer and wine now!!!! so i gotta get Carded for a Mocha !!!!!!! LOL LOL
:/ I know but ill tell you everything inaf
After losing my $AMZN Kindle last week I am debating a replacement Kindle or new a $BN/$MSFT Nook... any recommendations?
I'm not ashamed to admit that I touch the television screen whenever Angelina's face appears...
I love them dontjudgeme but i only go to ones OT RT : I never been to a strip club I wanna go
When somebody makes you laugh so much you have tears coming out of your eyes >>>
no -- it's reliable -- just a minor case of automotive ADD.
#96barstofreedom TURN UP
she seh she feal d sweetest pain
Lol Do You Really Wanna Know.
It came out!? Tf
holy heck! I don't think a well worded apology note will cut the mustard on this one! Sheesh!
Step dad just lost all respect
i cant see emojis but ok thanks
Carpool bitches, I have no use for you. Thanks.
Like ALL my posts! -Alexis-
signed up team "I'd Rather Be At Marges" for kickball tonight for the summer sessions!!!
thanks! Is it rude to move if u accidentally choose the seat next to the one person who hasn't showered?
WHATS GO BE THE WEATHER TODAY.
You sound so sexy when your not talking ;)
ok say thereadysetfan4 or gabby said hi and she loves you :D please?
RT “: Good to c u at the Tribe game!”
I wish that I could have this moment for life-nah-id rather make more better than this one.
Sure thing!
Your needs will be met when you may find a way of projecting energy and fulfilling someone else's need.
Hahaha I'll make him pay for it ;)
exactly....you have no reason st all
It is. My bad. I meant that towards absolutepunk circa 2004.
when I miss two days of school in a row that's when you know I'm actually sick
Sweet! Got Mingus in Europe V. 1 with some free Amazon MP3 Credits I had! I am loving this extended rendition of Fables of Faubus
Bikram tonight was awesome. Decided that trying to figure out factors that contribute to best class is useless.
Bedtime. I have to be up early tomorrow!
#schoolmemories cursing everybody out in school lol it was fun
Hibernation time for me
Oh sure, forgot my fake wedding ring only to get trapped talking to some random
That heart broken feeling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>you get when you find out something you didn't want to know.
(: I knoww!!! Haha. How did u know it was her? & Whatdid u say? & i asked her to buy them(:
You're on fire! Keep up the great work.
One day I hope for things to be different and change for the better <3
Let's have sex in the rain(;<
yeah I agree! Cricket's great. That'd be totally awesome if they brought her back in the Life With Archie Series! Do you read that?
HOW MUCH are you donating to the Trayvon Martin case?
Plus, Hank Pym comes out as an atheist - I don't know if that was well established before, but still, makes me happy - DvL
Don't you think that's underachieving? Melo was compared to 'Bron initially but is proving to be more like Joe Johnson.. overpaid
Saw an old flame today. It's funny how things you feel are perfect for you in the present aren't always what's best for you in the future.
Safe travels!
did i mention the undersecretary of Mideast affairs just ordered sliders?
even if it's not good or it's good but does not find an audience, it still will be worth making.
Read the article - food for thought! Considering your experience, is this approach realistic?
Haha I know. I've never done a "that guy" tweet until today. And right, I forgot that you must smell of rainbows and sunshine.
leaving off Claiborne
club life gets me through the day.
School is just so bitting right now
yeee she did and she told her friend too.
I should've recorded this movie;
RT : Thanks for the mention, :) I appreciate the support! Always!! Hope you had a great week Jamie! <U+2665> Aoede <U+266A><U+266B>
You are my fantasy football team's savior. <3
Tall, beautiful, AND my sense of humor! :) hahaha! Thanks for including it! Made me smile!
Beale Street Music Fest + Megadeth=Reign In Mud! (or just rain & mud)
LOved the CD you sent. Pat
Yes! Way to go Wildcats!!!
yes, we are real. :)
Caucus claims to be united but will not guarantee a no vote from all members on lines
Has anyone on twitter ever thought about owning there own fitness business!
Whoa, MommyJacking, Whoa.
- Family Guy re-runs > NHL Playoffs > NBA Playoffs
I wish to be a fat woman on the Mad Men.
So Ive heard
There is never any food in my house on Sundays :/
Hold a true friend with both hands. - Proverb
moving past my past & embracing the opportunities of my future
it's on the calendar!
Red Velvet Hot Cocoa makes mall shopping better.
It's a wonderful time of the year: RT Tax time makes me hate almost everything about almost everything.
...three weeks left > back in school the first week in June.
The Brewers play the Athletics in Oakland today with a scheduled start time of 2:00 PM CT.
If I tweet u more then once and u dont reply im Unfollowing you.
Yoga Sculpt class. All I can say is: WOW.
Phoebe just tried to order us shots of ever clear
Many crucial events in your life have been connected to puking, haven't they Steve?
Gotta see my big Sis fa I leave the A
what why not:o
I nominate for #poetry #author because of his talented wordsmithery and outreach to
Pre rehearsal hike at Runyon with
The first printed reference to Christmas trees appeared in Germany in 1531.
Heard cheeky rumour the #StoneRoses are playing at #RaptureNYE Can you confirm?!!
well thanks !! So glad I could help
me either(:
": Sport of Kings #falconry" Derek!!
the bottle was dusty but the liquor was clean
Yea my crib there but im not
Packing it up for tomorrow
Of course I am! Let's go #Caps!!!
Definitely a dubious distinction. Probably a first class passenger.
This #ohiostate vs #Kansas game is Fantastic!! This is why I love #MarchMadness #NCAA Go #Jayhawks!
": As a #Scorpio you are at your most beautiful when you channel your sly charm to energize those around you."
Na, but I did tell him he needs to stay off the crack man! :) (lol)
Interesting Tweet! I will be curious to know what kind of responses you receive!
That's no moon, it's a duck!
Having my mom in town puts me in the best mood. Even when I'm working al day
Thanks for slipper suggestions and
Earth, no one can say what you are.
"Self-control grows out of an environment of love and trust between the Lord and us."
your welcome ^_^
What God do I need to make a sacrifice to? I'm open minded.
I hate my life ... cause it sucks ... 2morrow is my B-Day nd bet it gonna be the worst everybody 4gets to say Happy B-Day 2 me
Does anyone else remember "You'll hit them harder with your heart exposed"? lol
You good yo?
yeah so people take over board and tweet non stop
and I see your face with each note, your smile with every crescendo. Wish you could be here rocking out with me! Xx
In a post-rock state of mind.
#Shorewood police say they have no confirmed vehicle accidents today from the lake effect snow. (Great news)
Congratulations!! :) I can't wait until you become super big, and I can act hipster 'cause I was an early fan.
haha i guess i cant argue with that!
Compress,EQ, print, reverse, compress, EQ, print, mix, repeat as desired
nigga so ready for you to come bck!
we going to todo this mag?
Gotta love #CollegeBaseball: Liberty is off to 16-1 start
that must be it
#Modeling is exhausting! Hv U tried sucking it in,sticking it out,trying to keep straight, #ThinkThin & #sexy all at once?
thanks for the mention!
I love tyrese's new song ... Mm mm mm
Super Bowl Prediction: TIE
Laying in bed at a 90 degree angle, not the best thing for one's back.
you should follow LOLz
HI do you want to come to our Library?
Mom distraught after boy's rugby death - News24
Nobody talk about Gossip Girl please! I haven't seen it yet.
On my way to school!
#HappyMothersDay to all the wonderful moms out there!
that's a shame. Both he and sister Gladys had a ROUGH childhood, very itinerant with an ill father. If people would do >>
Good morning everyone!
Damn I'm an asshole
mines to yo ! lmao pero the salon dont be washing my hair right though :/
anyway, enjoyed that ravishing French context
Allen West knows all about intolerance
Food Fact of the Day:March 27, 1923 Sir James Dewar died. He invented the 'Dewar Flask,' the original 'thermos bottle'.
You're welcome.
Can't sleep. Sniffing my hair and it smells like heaven.
haha soon, just want to get it the best we can
"Restore to me the joy of your salvation" psalm 51
U lost not once but twice. You obv underest. me, don't make the same mistake again or you'll be flaunting those thighs!
because he doesn't have to throw. I think Davis will get the day off tomorrow. He's been struggling since that W he got
So, what you're saying is, you're never out of luck on a trip to , because that doughnut is always in stock.
This is a sloppy showing KU.
#thesitter and a fire with Caiti and Addie. A perfect way to end the day.
Snowing here tonight. Not as soothing to sleep by as rain, but makes everything quieter and cozier (if you're indoors!).
Q3 2010 Results Presentation Speech Speech by Paul Polman, Chief Executive Officer, and Jean-Marc Huet, Chief Financial Officer, on Q3 2010
you and the rest of the Internet! :/
For real? Hooligan style?
I'm on my 6th and final book of the series
Yes.. I'm so totally excited about
oh well i can , but if u cant thats alroight
Not if there's no interest.
BAHA! Loves it. Our hair is no joke. :-( RT ha, i have #jewishgirlproblems- it gets super frizzy/wavy
I guess I'm the 3rd wheel tonight lol.
Hi Eric, you can use the Pence Library materials when on-site, but you cannot check books out.
Gotye is actually a really good artist.
Today I consumed: x2, $5 worth of Fro-yo, A pizza and a Gyro with fries....not good.
is that what Bynum said?
Don't remind me. And a month ago, we "thought" we would have arrived.
u bang wit mac miller 2
it's fine thanks i know my pic is awesome lol
I put you in my bio
Smoking pipe makers #Continental and #Alibaba i have and idea for you. Talk to me about an idea for a modern novel pipe invention. 13112
I am not, nor will I ever be a Walrus
Wow! I haven't seen a face blow up my #fb feed like #kony has since 's mug was all over it! Great work
The term I use now is 'archetype' - less loaded than 'cliche' RT I think ur point was cliches are there for a reason.
Is it Thursday yet?? RT : See u next week on your journey!!!
I've never seen my name and "respectful" used in the same breath.
everybody is a genius. but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing it is stupid.
Wish I could Keep You Much Longer I know You gotta Go cuz you got things to do
Great day to have the top off my . I love summertime in PDX
TMZ is never around when you need them!
When Governor Walker wins the GOP primary tonight, will his challenger tip his hat? And if so, will the Gettysburg address fall out of it?
Agree. He's got a lot more raw power than he shows in games. With his patience, he should be a stud.
I'm keeping quiet. My bf will kill me if he finds out. But you know how yall dreads are. Lol.
Go Bucks!
Thank you, good people.
A much needed dinner with my Ma and crazy Aunt
What do you think about FB replacing the fan button with a 'like' button?
Retweet: if you forgave someone who didn't deserve it.
thanks again for the espresso and the time. Enjoyable and insightful as expected!
Iwish you would follow me :( it'll always be a dream of mine ,iwont give up #NEVERSAYNEVER My Motto <3
Dim sum then the Strand
Look at me now
An officer can arrest a suspect for failing to show id during a valid Terry stop,
Will do
Now, my biggest concern is the severity of Tramon Williams' injury.
Hoping to get a Happy Birthday from It would make my day 845x better. <3
"Work complete" ("Job's done!")
Kudos for excellent customer service at AT&T and Flickr!
Nice to meet you Brent. WE followed back. Thanks for the follow.
We're going to pick up a few pieces with UNDERGROUND characters to crossover and then I'll wrap post and turn over to Image.
Thanks to our MD U.S. Reps for making time yesterday to hear about the impact of arts!
RT : Thank you Justin Timberlake and Janet Jackson for ruining the Super Bowl halftime show forever #dinosaur music
That's why it's called a Remix you idiot.
on rapid iterative design at publishers meeting.
I love the fact that is still close with his friends from australia
ha that's awesome! I gotta call muhmuh soon
I want to finish grading, honest, I do. But this new Sookie Stackhouse book must be read.
phones make me mad. Hows the school there?
my dad aaid he would pay me $15 if you reaponded to me saying you love me(: worth a shot!
or split-infinitives, etc
Big weekend first goes music by on fri then sat !! Come Bounce with us all weekend :)
is awesome
It's like no matter how far I get, it never ever matters.
“: Gmorning people!have a blessed day”and you as well.
- Don't forget the little guy. I called to say congrats as well homie.
Chinese second-hand car market revs up - Financial Times
Adele's performances only get better and better!
The worst part about Los Angeles is having to think about parking. Leaving the Coffee Shop so I can find parking in my hood
2 can play that game.
I'll leave a stressn Find ya wife dead on da floor up in the kitchen Wonderin where ya kids at I gott'em all wit me
I wouldn't assume that up front. BTW, how well do you know Latin?
imma pass out in first period...
5 AP classes next year ? Challenge accepted (y)
#EMAC RT : Due to student request, just finished converting degree plan into a writable PDF.
Could be a long season for the #Falcons-- a lot of teams will be watching the video of this game. Hats off to the #Bears D!
Rick is awesome!
"Look at me I'm so mature! I'm doing laundry!" - my older brother
cheese fries please? with arsenal cheese curds?
HAHA YOU SAID FART!! RT : Have to be eligible to be drafted before FA RT: : what is stopping Pryor from...
My husband met Brad & Angelina last week. I should have told him to tell her not to wear that dress :)
Never will you miss Etta James more than when you hear sing 'At Last' at her funeral. Why you gotta go & try 2 ruin that song.
Still up doe
i love ballet so much it makes me want to cry.
Did you know that YouTube has a basic video editor now? Learning lots on 's webinar today!
All I ever wanted was someone by my side <3
yeah you iz! & type normal!!!
“: nice! would you wanna download our CD for free?” I would love to
Follow she got some interesting tweets + she follows back and will get you more followers
Switch up the usual routine--grab your friends and head to Landmark Lanes for some bowling!
Casting Call for “Burn Notice”
Fast paced, furious, love 's new show #ROME upgraded my U-Verse just for this channel/show the wait is finally over!
RT : #SCIP2012 "Reputation gives you access" - How good is your personal brand management?
You would be awesome. ": I wonder how i would be if i stayed at eks nd went to eastwood :0"
Juss let me live my life.
I chose to be single.
Apple&#39;s North Carolina Data Center Will Feature Biogas Generators ...
#2ThingsIAppreciate sleeping and waking up
thanks! Cheese-lovers unite!
I have a bad habit of hitting low blows. Because If you piss me off I'm going to HIT A LOW BLOW.
In this world, if you have & take the time to write a column lambasting Mark Zuckerberg's wardrobe, don't write.
oh okay! #bdubs after! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Remember, Scottsville Farmers Market is open tomorrow (Saturday 9/3) from 8:30 am to 12:30 pm. Get what's best, what's fresh & grown at...
Dash down Greenville 5k and parade today!! Come join us!
ok, it's official, I have seen the first Godfather movie.
thanks for the #ff - think I am starting to understand this stuff a little better! Have a great weekend.
Overwhelmed by stupid shit.
We're so honored to be a finalist at #ETIS12 Innovation Incubator #SIIA So exciting! The finals are today.
Childhood Memories.. I miss Viva La Bam
I know that lol
I have a gig today! Wassup with you
I hope I sleep good tonight. Less stress.
What a lovely Wisconsin morning
can we pretend that airplaines in the nite sky like shooting stars
If you need any photo advice, , and I are practically experts now thanks o 's class.
I watch Charlie and the Vlogbrothers and whatever else I feel like watching. :D But those two, mostly. #NERDFIGHTER!
That's the whole idea of #WaukeshaWatch. Many someones keeping tabs on Kathy Nickolaus.
Mike miller should know not never put the ball on the floor
At least Dodgers' fans can take solace in the fact that the better player won MVP.
Good morning Washington! It's 65 and sunny! Wow! It's not too soon to start planning your outdoor gardens and living spaces!
dang. I was going to bring mine.
naturally i'm watching the new episode of RHONJ at 10 because that level of intelligence is all that i can register right now
See thats the shit im talking about a sledge hammer ya fuckin PUSSY!!!!!!!!!
is getting their ProTools sessions in order to send off for mixing!
And <3 ": #WhatAWomanNeeds a guy like "
I guess you're right...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> But since you did compliment my ass the other day, I'll let this one slide <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Thank you everyone who's been buying the cd! I appreciate the support and I'm going to keep the videos and music coming!!!
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life. It goes on.
What up
love those books. They still get me like that
nice...good hunting...
ILL SPAM THE CRAP OUT OF HADOUKENS TO TEAM TEKKEN!!!!!!!!!!
I can't wait until elections are over. i HATE the attack campaigns.
McGwire hits a drive to left. That ball is long gone, folks. Wow, that guy can mash. 2-run homer, 4-2 Brewers in the 2nd.
Poets do it / Nothing to it / They intuit / and with words, glue it
Just rode with my dad and I still get car sick from his driving!
Follow me & check your mentions:) cos i follow back!
So it supposed to snow tomorrow.. So excited :) I want tons of snow for Xmas
Yeah... I'm gonna have no voice tmrw
What a coincidence that #espn has the marlins game tommorow
In childhood, I use to put a little bouquet in a handmade basket on neighbors' doors, ring the doorbell, and run to celebrate May Day.
In 2014, you shall RT : wish I was going!!! Thankfully the sun will be back out tomorrow!! :-)
Girl you live with your mother!!! And you still broke!!Wtf?
film for Kellogg foundation
"are you the guy from ziggy hidedust and the hiders from mars?" omg Portlandia
FISHER/FAVRE - same person? Holding teams hostage waiting on decision!
Who all is from Portsmouth, Ohio or around that area?
i sent a picture. But your phone sucks so you probably didn't receive it.
#DPLAwest tech breakout session going down the rat hole of building the shiny thing
sry if im spamming
After two and a half hours at the salon my hair is finally complete :D v
Would love to connect with you tomorrow for a few minutes at #BlissDom before I head out! Are you free between 11am-1pm by chance?
#ThingsThatICantStand 1. People chewing with their mouth open 2. When people talk too loud 3. Slow drivers 4. People who complain a lot
Congrats!!! Nick & Phyllis
...come to the city that never sleeps of corse...nyc!
How are things Milwaukee? Did you get some rest this weekend? Back at it…but first things first. Karaoke tonight in the Garage!
Be sure to tune in to NBC4 tonight 7 pm for The Autism Puzzle to see Special Learning’s co-founder Michele LaMarche!
Watching Rango. This is weirdly good. Goodly weird. Feel like I'm watching an animal version of Fallout.
My new approach to realizing I still don't even make minimum wage at my org is to cut my hours so I'm at least making that.
FYI, James, when you add that dash, you interrupted the link. It's really
Free Lunch Today!!! Provided by the best cooks in the LBK WolforthUMC
They straight played me on this SAT test
The under lying bias of new media is exactly the same as those that Marshal McLuhen expounded regarding early analog media
how can people say justin is untalented? say that and you're automatically invalid and irrelevant.
#Boston Worst hits 500 followers! My work is not done. I know at least 500 scumbags that I need to tweet!! You don't want to be
would you like to write a brief forward to a revolutionary marketing booklet?! I like you're style!
Lmao. World Peace is going off
Is this business plan for the cloud processing you have been doing?
Auditioning for the summer fest gonna be a big bash!!!!!
Thanks to for battling runners and epic traffic to hang out with a bunch of actors on this beautiful day at
well, we love what you do!!!
Great fall evening planned - Boyd & Blair Hour followed by an oyster roast. Yum!
Agreed - great article. Chart is spot on. But what can millenials do to get senior staff to see the bigger picture?
just told me I have a cute sniff
I bought another piece of art last night. Can one develop an art addiction? I get the feeling my bank account is gonna take some hits.
Something to think about as you start your week. If your presence doesn't make an impact then your absence won't make a difference
don't disrespect the gays son. I'm one and cheered for you. Cal screwed the Tigers and Memphis. Hope his ass loses. Karma
Happy Finals Week, Wabash!
#fridayreads Finished Last Stand by Philbrick & learned lots. Just Started Good Graces by Lesley Kagen.
I hate going to garage sales but that would be worth it. Tonight's dinner is a crockpot of beans and cornbread. True
For the Most Advanced, Best built, Smallest, and Quietest automated Phoroptor available, visit Reichert booth
Casa Morada is an upscale 16 suite hotel with the informal character of the Caribbean combining dining and activities in the Florida Keys!
That heart attack moment when you put the password and it says wrong password.
The bots are attacking me. Help
"In the most difficult situations, when it seems that God does not hear, we must not fear to entrust to him our overburdened hearts”.
Tony Siragusa is the BEST
and no, i don't believe i have
Yay! Tomorrow is the start of my writers' retreat! 3 days of ZERO interruptions!
"I have amazing friends" is such an understatement.
Dinner at the #sushi while watching the #miamiheat followed by at Sounds Good?
so excited for May 12th
yeah, on second glance all the way through that story, maybe not. is there a kafka story about doing satisfying, awesome work?
Being a douche must be a job requirement at ESPN.
Happy Easter to all as well. Went to Sunrise Mass (Laura cantered). Then Easter dinner at Damian & Kathy's that started around 1.
When do you work this week other than yesterday? Or do you not know yet?
HELP | Looking to interview someone who moved into a rental in San Diego County any time this year - for a rental story. Please RT.
Focusing on happiness in this happy baby pose
Timbers vs Montreal Spanish broadcast life in Estrella TV: canal 8.3, Comcast 307, Wave Broadband 365, Charter 285.
The #Roots in concert last night, now watching #Clueless on E! ... I heart the 90s!
its impossible to find hockey in Peru..keep updating
Hitting the mat for some Power Flow
RT : Next Tuesday :: Webinar :: How Nonprofits Can Successfully Use Mobile Technology and Social Media [on a small budget! ...
!!!!! When your famous and touring the WORLD pleasee come to Minnesota!!!!!! Make my life?? :) <3
And people just make life better at BU =)
Thats great..... why are you telling me this?
lol I was waiting for your Revenge tweet.. I can't believe it's almost over!
I just got a cocktail for a gift!
Had to be a group of young republicans.
Going to with beatle bob so stoked!!!
I cleaned my room, and now I can't find anything.
hahaha I wish I would have met Alli too :(
happy for Zach and Zajac
thanks for the recommendation! We'd love to see you both!
Yep , not Fun
Matt Cooke ejected for being Matt Cooke.
AH! Freaking out right now!!!! #SOEXITED #Swaggie <3 I LOVE YOU!!! follow?? <3333
Fellow , Emily rocking the volunteer orientation right now.
my pleasure! RT : Thanks for the shout out! Anyone can #movetheearth! Let's work together to #get2million!
Putting lmao, lol, rofl, and knowing damn well you're sitting there with less expression than a brick.
I'll get it this weekend!
I can seriously not get enough of #danceagain by #jlo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
#sdmayornp Filner not answering question either. Q was "After 4 years as mayor, what will have been done?"
Liverpool 3 - Man U 1......you'll never walk alone...
On call for project go-live and resting up for the Autism Walk tomorrow morning.
omg...u have a twitter..
Just stepped in gum.
Palmer beat Doherty last night in hockey. I also got to hang out with him. :) <3
Watching Miss Universe Pageant 2011!!!!!!
Watching Glory for the second time today... Sometimes being a ta sucks.
Ted Abernathy of Southern Growth Policies Board is speaking on regional collaborations and economic development.
This concept of people being 'out of your league' is ludicrous- life isn't baseball or bowling. Fuck who you want. Life's too short.
Not my day.
Yeah Vegas! RT : They have an Art Institute in Las Vegas and Los Angelos! YES starting on my applications
Driving through Austin, listening to NPR, drinking peace tea, wearing tevas
T.E.A.M. =Together-Everyone-Acquires-Money
Come on don't let these guys step on us!! This is ur home not theirs!!
hopefully the furnace doesn't go out again!
RT : On my way to at the Schott. So Excited. Yay!!!!!!
She went last year too. We moved and she almost didn't get accepted this year for overcapacity.
Also, Happy Mothers' Day to the best mother in the world! My mother has held that distinction for over 17 years in a row!
pick up yo phone when i call cracker
Watchin Big Momma House like father like son
Just saw two people light saber battling in the middle of Erickson field
nice - how far along?
#Stanford 5 coaches today. With 2 OK State, 4 Oregon, old 5 OK & 7 Clemson all losing, Stanford's national championship dream staying alive.
I have made theater and art memberships a priority in these past few years. I love it!
Well shit, that sucked.
I wanna delete
MT : RIP Junior Seau. Suicide is never the answer...call Suicide Prevention Hotline if you're upset/confused: 1-800-273-8255
Anyone know a good method of cheating calluses? I have to play a wedding tomorrow and nature isn't working fast enough.
..finals. I know you'll do a good job! :)
Life is full of ups & downs. I try to handle them all. Today I tackle my ups & downs with weights on the workout bench & against the wall.
Starting 2morrow you can get our apple fritters, cinnamon sugar donut holes, raspberry-filled donuts & cinnamon cardamom rolls!
It did look fantastic. We just unloaded our copy into the kitchen desk drawer. ;)
I'm glad I finally listened to them, good stuff! I'll probably be strummin it on my new Uke tonight.
a genre of art consisting solely of work made while on the clock at a 9-to-5
the solid rock that isn't seen.
This ride is must be seen to be believed - Be first on #XFlight - your passes at 8:12pm tonight w/
"oh yea...I see his hair" good times at the concert
Well that is a great choice if money is tight. You get the same education. Personally, I liked CC a lot.
There is a guy doing the Cwalk to dubstep
@ them! Save the world! RT : So #oomf Has Herpes
Where is your fave place to eat here in Abq. and what do you order there?
I'm not sure a wiscy TO would have helped last possession. Took them 20 secs & 5 passes to get near the 3 pt line most times
then I ate the purple grapes
i'm not like everybody else, so lets not compare me to the people that say things JUST to say it. i actually MEAN what i say.
hey! I was the guy thankful for not getting eaten. Hope to.see you again soon!
RT : I really don't feel comfortable picking courses for a 9th grader! These calls are becoming common. / Wow.
I can't wait till I can drive.
What a great idea! RT Journaling - part of my work as an #actor. And tonight - #BoardwalkEmpire season 2! :)
the crushing defeat!
Lolololol the fruit snacks :P
RT MUST squeeze in some exercise before I go completely mad.
I'm scared that you didn't get my twitlonger for the contest for NYC tickets, did you get it? Jw. D:
Go to #bizhomework.com Take the business test to know what #business you should start.
Dreams can get you in trouble.
Thanks for coming!Wish I hadn't been so busy so we could have chatted.Next time!RT Thanks for posting those pictures of #MNEarthDay!
I hate seeing my mom cry :(
A good Facebook friend is hard to find. Thanks for 'liking' us!
How just how can you wake up in the morning knowing you are over 25 and still fighting like a middle schooler #Basketballwives Smh
+1 Team Julia 4 lyfe “: I miss Dixie Carter so much.”
#RaeLynn fell apart was on POINT!
Anyone else find the #drpepper10 #drpepperten campaign highly #offensive ?!!!
OMG! why does nicki minaj gotta delete her twitter! ):
Today's Goal: Share your plans for this week with someone.
What a amazing day...Alec Bradley prensado. The best.
Hope you try out our service! Let us know if we can answer any questions for you.
Six Flags tomorrow with !!
Abraham Lincoln to the people: "Shall the Union, shall the liberties of this country, be preserved to the latest generations?"
As a kid 2012 sounded impossibly futuristic. Turns out it's just another monday. via
Just finished listening to a telemarketer leave a long message on my v-mail... Still have no idea what he is trying to sell me
Kinda wanna know !
I hope y'all kick butt!! Go Hebron :)
Back in PA for a few days... At the gym and pretty surprised to see more than a handful of people in Steelers gear after last night! Haha
RT Remember.. The more mistakes you make, the more likely you are to become stronger. - Kay-Ann
now where are u in the cosmopolitan? just saw you with pizza!
The conference is in a week and a half! Are you ready? We'll be there...
watch Volquez walk in 2 runs.
Sorry I've been so quiet. Having a hard time juggling lesson plans, other responsibilities, and webmastering. Yes, I just made that word up.
With all this snow - there's nothing better to warm your bones than chili! Can't wait to see you!
IGN Article Prometheus: Now With More Alien! - IGN via
How is I know about 45 people doing the home brew thing. When did this become popular? Everyone heading down to the local speakeasy too?
true! The only thing I don't like in ableton is multi recording. One channel at a time sucks or I'm just not hipped to it
just joined the grouply site,seeing whats up there?
RT : Beck: Mom, whenever you need to toot I can pull your finger.
Join, "The $1 Million Facebook Experiment" on Facebook. Log on to Facebook and join today!
Brunch Brunch Brunch, try the Italian version of eggs Benedict "enrico" with a 3 cheese basil polenta instead of an english muffin.
No. It's just a cause of it.
As hard to find as their Wins!
audience - need to work with other departments to become partners, need to be multidisciplinary
Have a new number, for anyone with my old # :D has my old #, ask 4 my new one if u have my old 1 :D
Yeah, it does. Other airports, take note! “: and SEA-TAC free wifi rules”
Hey Dodgers lineup? HIT IT TO LEFT FIELD.
Come out to tonite to benefit another great org who hates poverty, , at See you there!
Hello Twitter :)
Any chance my wonderful friend is awake?? We need to talk ASAP!! And maybe eat Chinese too, LOL!
Tannehill is 1st QB Dolphins have chosen in 1st Rd since Marino. The guy who played ahead of Tannehill is 5th on #Steelers QB depth chart.
Haha, you're making me blush, thank you!
Definition of a politician- A person that creates a problem and then campaigns against it
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected. - Charles Lamb
Sully, , had so much fun at Thanks to the ladies/staff who worked yesterday morning.
thanks, we're neighbors(;
I wanna play with the neighborhood pony.... :(
Head over to our Facebook page & give us your caption for the photo on the wall. Winner receives a souvenir locker & a program!
- My dog is named Foxanne. After FOX Mulder on X-Files and Buffy ANNE Summers.
Bst 2 u JNB FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Will do Yancey, tried to get my daughter to go for a ride, but she was afraid of being burned up. Teenagers??
Out here... Attempting to function.
We have just added to our libations menu! Come in and see what's new!
#beauty shoot this #weekend - yay!!
of course! Thanks for the tweet as well, new issue coming out soon! Hope you will check it out.
...or to employ slaves and get rich. Give me a break.
how come y'all don't have The Source Truck anymore rolling thru markets? That good street promo!
Goin fishin tomorrow!! Weather looks great. Plenty of room if you want to join us. 3 more days for tog 2011!!
#DickClark wow.... #thewaytogoout Having made a contribution and having lived a long, full life
wait why wtff lol I just saw this?
Terry bradshaw just had on a 3 pc suit and ugg boots
Apparently my facebook post from earlier today is why the #Brewers are losing. Sorry guys.
Thank you for such a lovely
RT Is anybody else paying attention to Metta World Peace's tweets right now? > no way that dude is not on something strong
Miguel! A student membership? You're my hero & sole recipient of a #FollowWednesday tweet. You rock (in the classical way).
Maybe you should have told me when I could still do something about it, rather than rubbing it in after the fact.
Man oh man everything is turning upside down for me...like I'm really starting to get curious...
Tell us how you really feel homie. Lol RT If I had a dollar for every Fuck I gave about some people.. Id be broke
Angels gotta even it up.
okay Multi tasker, enjoy. Don't be a stranger!
Simon says jump. Simon didn't say land, you're all out.
Heres a chain letter and some magazines keep it clean he'll never know it was the postmaann
no regrets
walking round w/his mouth poked out of course and #aintgonehappen yaull have fun lol
RT ": He ask me was he gttn annoying , i said NO , but i really wanted to say HELL MUTHA FXCKING YEAH . shessh"
TY4RT Amen to that. Media is owned by big corps. who want Mitt to win
Or, maybe she'll just become anti-Twitter... That might be the healthiest thing to do. =/
Cool stuff happening:)
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire. -Ferdinand Foch
Waiting for sun up to get to gym for a pre-game push/pull sweatfest #moveitorloseit #SuperBowl Woot!
Is it just me or does a Rusty Kelsla sound like something you'd pay for in a questionable part of town?
thanks , glad you appreciated
Okay, just saw a funnel cloud over Arco/my office. TORNADO PLEEZ DON'T KILL ME.
Thinking about buying a porsche. I'ma be hittin up Reeves Import pretty soon
Today in Blues: Blues artist Ida Cox (also known as Ida Prather) died on November 10, 1967, in Knoxville, Tennessee.
sounds like a pretty good concept!
I bet the Lakers would, too.
RT : just because many disagree on one issue, doesn't mean we dont have his back. <-- Exactly.
hey lady. How are you
Ahh, thanks It's my first time! Flexing my old vanilla career muscles on a kink project of this scale is rather fun :-)
Still shocked about Junior Seau.....RIP
sglassmeyer: #FF She's a JD/MLS and works for I met her at #sla2010 and she's cool. Plus, I love her avatar/moo card.
I know I'm amazing thanks ^_^
I work a desk job 6am-630pm. sometimes eating all 3 meals at my desk. not exactly how i viewed my first job out of college.
problem is lack of posters as legit presentation in humanities--?
Ah yes! Although.. "last" sounds le sad haha RT : A2 My dream trip is #trans-Siberian railway, Saving that one for "last".
another great hang, dinner, and #UCLAfootball victory!! Let's get a few more and a bowl game!
one would hope, but don't see it happening. Beane doesn't seem like the one to admit he is wrong by DFA'ing a 2-yr contract
Thanks for including us in your !
If the world ends in 2012, I’ve wasted my entire life in school. Great. -.-
Short girls >>>
EP Guitars half way done. /// YEAH.
Slap happy at 10:17 AM....hm. I wonder what 1:15 is going to look like?
I wish I could escape! I can't stand the snow!
'Hulk' TV show planned for 2013, confirms ABC boss: Paul Lee reveals that further Marvel projects are also in development.
C'mon, January 17th....hurry up.
Saying goodbye to highly processed foods for 40 days by eating everything I currently have in the fridge.
great agme! Good luck @ philly next week!
Everyone that's calling my phone. Not tryna be funny. But I don't feel like talking at the moment. Sorry.
Damn,I love my new job.
i wanna blow him well he blows trees (:
i'll probably order them tomorrow cause i got paid today
Keep the promises you make to others – and to yourself.
to be who you is, you gotta be who you are...the only thing im missing is a black guitar...
Listening to #YouDontKnow by . The album is just really talking to my spirit as I'm sitting here listening and thinking
If Joshua Ledet doesn't win this thing, I don't even know anymore.
Manny Pacquiao's Accountants Gave Him Money; "Saved" Him?
That sounds riveting.
I love the playground! Thanks for the tour!
I'm really looking forward to that new Jill Scott
Looking to book dates on the east coast the next few months for next summer's ACOUSTIC TOUR! More information will be released soon<3
lol. Maybe you should go to sleep!
Country music fans... Blown Away Tour headed our way. Tickets go on sale May 24! Show date is December 22.
I am following and love your stuff!
I LOVE YOU
/// RG3 didn't even win a single MVP in the NFL yet......nigga already have a shoe endorsement??? Sheesh...
Get better every day! We R Who We R
Making it big will require personal sacrifice
Ringling Brothers Ringmaster Alex Ramon just sent me a beautiful gift from his time with the Greatest Show on Earth! Thank you Alex.
Thanks for the mention You're right that VA can finally have an Independent voice in
Trash cans must feel worse than other cans, except for shit cans, those are the lowest of cans.
ESP. The uber rich party with ur buddy from Libys. You deserve each other.
But the Jesus Is No Joke book entails unexplained phenom-like visits to Hell/Heaven & yes-Jesus/angel encounters-but with a more lax angle.
what's that new water flavor thing? Mevo or some shit.
very cool! I don't know other than her web presence/design. I appreciate some good sass. It enhances art.
thats the Carrot King.
Oh gosh...my dad has a twitter...:P hahaha
You certainly know how to make me proud.
I'm just saying as a professional, there is an expectation of base competency. You don't get a pass on that bc it involves tech.
C'mon Brian Mcknight vs Tank? Who? Tank? I think artsts need concentrate on their own career and leave the rest to the vets.
In pieces, the paragraphs of my great American novel are a la Agatha Christie. Taken as a whole, I write like Stephen King. Woe.
#tired of boys #inneed of a man :-)
#Forecastle attendance confirmed!!! Come July, I will have seen #MyMorningJacket in 7 states and 2 countries.
Better then you!!
haha yeah living in my brothers closet till I go back to summer school
": Really wanna hear beat the pu$$y up remix!! But it won play on my phone!! #damn " gotta get on the computer fam
Crap. Looks like I have to leave my house to watch the Duke/UCN game.
there goes my 1st player to score bet with that bull shit drive.....F
I love you, I would like you to tell me as much as I love you I love you, I feel sometimes ignore me :(
The ranger told us this was moth country, and we didn't listen. -
No way! Awesome.
If your gonna be two faced at least make of 'em pretty
LOL aite I'm going to be at the crib on march 16th early at 8
If you fall...get up...now!
We are burning calories with PULSE right now!!
omg. stop calling me babe. stop saying you're going to get me. i fucking hate this.
I will blog about their business, their events, and much more... it will be more than just a logo with a link.
She wanna fuck and I say CHURCH PREACH
#ESPN Ranked #Miami No. 5 in #ACC power rankings.
Awww cute!!! I look for occasions to give gifts to myself loll
big head
Watching the almighty dent the Yankees championship dreams. Doing my part by quaffing swig after swig of Two Hearted.
is still high?
juggling fb accounts, oh my! stay in touch with happenings on #massave #indy by following
got the GG on my side niggas always tryin sleep me !
my body feels over whelmed.
doing one of my favorite things-- cuddled up in bed falling asleep to adorable weezer love songs . i want a man like this!
I trust no one right now.
me too, Big Sean impressed me on Burn
High fived an on coming car!! <U+E41E><U+E42E>
Why does say they are non-partisan on their website? Pretty clear they have a politicized religious agenda that relies on the GOP.
Photo class sounds fun! I was under the impression that we were adding to the words problems, but whatev. . . ;-)
tell what u think, its her true story...lets stop bulying!
I want.
In your opinion, what key concepts are lacking in todays entry level UX practitioners?
have the day off! :)
Oh and also check off Return of the Jedi.
Betsey, to me: "You're such a great man... I mean, not like Lincoln..."
I hate this school.
Tomorrow is going to be a great day!
Grenades everywhere! Here comes the boom!
GRN only requires an idea, not a full paper. It's like the RNF at CCCCs. And yeah, probably Vegas and definitely whiskey fan
new album? Yes!
#BeastMode never sleeps! #runningcureseverything I just finished a 6.22 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
if ya'll found another roommate; 2 od ya'll shared a room..
Taking my son on his first Easter Egg hunt! :-D
Who cares about these pro football players giving to charities. Half these charities are crooks! Or only help Democrats!
Hahaa. You're welcome. x] And I know, good god I'd have a heart attack. Doubt it will though...But..BUT I DUNNO.
my drink has a flower in it on purpose
It's funny because it's true!
#starwalk hay baby Venus
HAPPY SATURDAY! It's almost dinner time what are you going to do!? I suggest you head to the B, Open until 8!
using that threat of "fear" and "guilt" in order to control others and make them believe what you believe that is at the root. Let >
At the #dmba venture show...love Texrilla - b2b tools developed for organic produce applied to textiles. Genius.
aw he looks like a little rascal! So cute. Does he like Titan?
DAVID YOST if you feel a breeze headed your way don't worry you are now wearing THONGS. BRO you keep reading. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
agree 100 percent with everything you have said about the c's today...
I'm only gunna break-break-break your heart
Doing a live facebook chat tonight with at 6pm central!
You inspire me to be a better comedian
All moved out. My car weighs a billion pounds. Definatly investing in a uhal on the way back
Good morning! RT if you're hitting the gym today!
come over ill let you eat a hot dog while I watch the bio channel.
You can find select shirts at retailers Pome (S. Gaylord), the I Heart Denver store (Pavilions) and Campus Street Sportswear (Boulder).
oh finding great stuff? :) we always do!
brian dawkins >>> ray lewis!
Neat. RT : Just discovered - simple in-browser 3d sketching for sending to services like or your
hot?! where do you live. i may have to visit!! :)
lol I'm glad you had a good one :)
#Giants draft RB David Wilson with the 32nd pick in the
Trauma affects every individual differently. Be their support and be there to listen. It's the best remedy you can provide.
Got'cha boo.
Playing tonight at the Harlem Ave. Lounge with Pistol Pete!
New cologne, ? Seems like some people are finding you particularly irresistible these last couple of days.
FACT: Shocking to note that homosexuality was listed as a mental illnesses until 1973.
Oh well thanks for having me Sando ppl, been a while since I lime in South Trinidad.
hey mmanuel get at me on yahoo messager on the webcam or skype and get at me boo.
hypercolor shirt? 1987 called. They want their tweet back.
2 years in a row we have lossed to Chaminade on my birthday
that's cool, save me some lol <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
RT : inspiring talk from Judge Unity Dow - thanks to and for having her as the first lecture...
they're great and make sure u laugh till u die jk jk just sayin
Rob not again. Hes OK
almost done with this final issue! #doingbigthings but
Only because its basically over and I got nothin accomplished. Pretty bummed bout that
Awesomesauce!!!! THANK YOU!
Bag of money is similar to a trash bag, so
I gave you a 2 day warning....
Won after having AA cracked and KK cracked aipf both times. But hung on and made good decisions. Now I can pay my bills this week.
Good evening, Ms. Nanette. So it is. Maybe until you fall asleep. How are you, baby?
I had so much fun tonight at with and #DJHarshChicago. You guys rock!
There is a dude standing outside of Sidelines bar who looks like Tim Thomas :P
thanks for the tweets and example. I'll keep this in mind.
#mudmelt kaveh jorabchi: many images generated for&from science must now be not just scientifically correct but visually rich.
Managing a "Jewelry Startups" subgroup on LinkedIn.com– join the group! Groups > Group Directory > Jewelry Startups
Call Backs was great, but Mr. Collins bitchin.. lmao
I fully agree with you, Neil!
": Never lose hope. Your destiny often arrives in a package you didn't even know you ordered! #TheSW"
Everyday is mothers day
Happy Easter from fabulous Maui! Bout to get my tan on if the clouds ever roll away!
Wayne Clough says the Smithsonian is a "lens through which America can see the world and the world can see America."
The US produces enough plastic film annually to cover the entire state of Texas.
Good luck to at nationals! Team usa bound!
Fascinating hearing roundtable of tools for digital production: e.g., Mac Pro, Flip Cam, (Past:) Director, $1,300 1 Gig HD
Taking a lil break to Tweet...I'm getting my ass handed to me at the gym DAMN... But hey hard work Pays off.
They are!!! You should come to Nashville again & try them :)
thanks for giving my boys baseballs at Safeco in July on the field RT
You're so sexy
Depends on the MRI results.
How is everyones Halloween ? Trick or treat
Our Midweek Connection starts at 5:30 with dinner. Classes at 6:30. See you soon!
350 FOLLOWERS!!! YOU GUYS ARE THE BEST!!!
Today is stress free day. make the best of it.
Penn State Coach/Icon Joe Patero dies. RIP JoPa
The Time Is Here Again...It's Tea Time! Celebrity Guest Speaker (Guess Who). What to know More...Details Coming Soon!
I love the ones that give me papaya -whitecrazyboy
Ah, yes. Bless me with your wisdom.
I'm on it
I feel like a mother..rubbing her stomach
The top of my mouth is HOTPOCKETS #chocolate drop
Ortan vs. Del Rio
Cry Baby<3
Yr like those ppl who r perfectly content loving w/o being loved back, it's beautiful.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the things you did.
butt tweet. its the new fad
Finally coming out of the deep freeze...
anytime(: & don't let girls like kacyy the Twat (: we're way better than her(:
Turley, Backstreet Boys or One Direction? RT : beautiful day out here in the country
Closer to Houston, but not by much!
follow back? you know what to do! ;) lol
did u i havent
Whoa... its raining cats and dogs out there!!!!
back hurts :(
Conan's doc "Conan O'Brien Can't Stop" is EXHAUSTING to watch. Why I don't envy the famous entertainer.
thanks, you have cracked the case Scooby Doo would be proud
That is an unbelievable shot from there on that stage for
Woohoo - shouting from the rooftop that I am an official volunteer! Can't wait to share Tim O'Brien's The Things They Carried.
and I will actually admit that I would kind of want someone to "make" me go see Straight No Chaser at the Ryman.
you get paid enough for the little you do, so shut up...lol
2/3 the way through my road trip/ #themove and filling up in the hometown of - Zanesville, OH
The same girl who thought Iranians were Arabs in this class is wearing an Israel independence day shirt today. LOL
Smh I need a cool kickback fun male friend I can talk to n txt
thinking about Fear of a Black Hat. Ice Cold's 1st book was FYM ; sequel was FYM,ASMD.
God told me if i see one set of footprints during tough and challenging times that thats him carrying me!
T minus 60 days for the HD1 Primary! Official launch of Operation "Defeat Labuda"
'I have tears pouring out of my eyes.'
Hey buddy!! Check out die as you fall.. A metal band from n.m.
I am in town! Wish I could visit our old station, but I have no time!! So sad!
at the concert
which policy positions would you recommend young ppl talk about to support your candidacy, even if we don't live in WI?...
it totally is, right ?
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL! Mention Twitter with your order & get 20% off TODAY!
Rorty's description of literary culture resonates with why I like the sci-fi of D Suarez, V Vinge, G Egan, RK Morgan, and B Sterling.
thank u... im happy u like it
Is this Rev trying out his set for the Comedy Store?
Fun dinner with , , and our family!
Just got off a Skype meeting with an associate in Geneva. Yes I'm hip.
Stagecoach 2012: Basking in Greensky Bluegrass, getting bored by Band Perry, honoring Roy Clark
says unavailable
I just want to say we have a GREAT Civil Rights President, and he DESERVES to be Re-Elected !~!!! Way to go Mr. President on Gay Marriage !
Oh Debbie. When's the next card game? I'm dealing.
These men ask for just the same thing, fairness, & fairness only. This, so far as in my power, they, & all others, shall have- Lincoln
welcome aboard :)
I wish when my workd day was over it was completely over but nope I have an hour drive home before I can truely relax :(
Momma knows best. Good for you on standing your ground. If it doesn't work out, you have options.
good morning
Off of work tired as hell
Want a free 1-day rental of a margarita machine for your Austin-area party? Come to It's a door prize!!!
Great Keynote!
*Takes Little brothers to go Tanning*
I just finished reading your book and loved it! I am a real estate appraiser as well! Thanks for all the great game plan!
Driving in a car with my dad…I think I've shit my pants about five times so far.
So frat just completely refuted all of GZ's attorneys' theories on CNN!! *Drops mic, back to the game!!*
Is presenting College DUI awareness program
I feel like I need to take a shower again after I read the STL newspaper...
What are your plans for Fat Tuesday? Any Dance parties or performances we should know about? Please, share!
Finally I'm done with my homework!:]
me too!
i just saw that, restoking asap tomorrow
First Friday Art Walk featuring Sound Traveler in the Galleries. Free 5:30 - 8:30 p.m.
Great day in the studio. Getting the business in place, to move the music!!!!!!
Wow it feels good to feel so much better.
Stayed in with our morel feast; where'd you end up?
Who does everyone have winning the super bowl this year?
#RT: we're trying to spread rumors we're like a hilarious
O I heard Windows phone are badass. Yeah, it is a tough decision to make. Haha
Although Babby did make it a point to say Bassy provided much better backup PG play than the Suns got previously....
I gotcha
what's ur email
You laugh because I'm different........... I laugh cause I just farted!
yeah. Sure I'll be by early
If this keeps up I won't have to worry about Dwayne bowe getting any points.
Today is the last day to book 2hrs of private #Mental training phone sessions w/ me and get 1 hr FREE! Call 972-899-9640 by 4pm CDT to book!
How many actors & models having video reels now?
even if you're #beetlejuice,
well i know. But some reason she was awesome.. idk.. we would fight alot but we always end up friends again.. but.. this(C)
Haha! Wish my acquired cog prof had been that funny!
thats very true! He doesnt even have a WILLEY!!! its is a rockstar must ;)
Looking forward to a great day at
YOU THINK JUST LIKE ME. EXACTLY!!
Cant wait till Friday!!!!
Wil find the best Pack ML and play it.
I feel like this summer is gonna be a good one because noone hyped it up .
... I wish I could just block any mention of "Mass Effect 3" ending from my Twitter and Youtube. I haven't seen it yet, but I find (cont.)
Jokes and notes was FAB tonight! Ivory Corley is the truth!
I be making love to her through you
I suddenly have much better posture than I did before your tweet
I don't even need your love
PEN World Voices Festival launches today with a parade of giant puppets capturing the history and anatomy of books. Join us on New York...
It’s time for Happy Hour! 2-for-1’s til 7:00 and $4 Captain & Cokes for tonight!
Already talkin to much you got my squad homie": who we beatin on sunday????"
Going ham on these pan sausages & these left over biscuits from popeyes
OCTOMOM'S BABIES
r u going to cannes?
Going to shovel some snow today!
iphone or blackberry?
Nut ass polo hat , lmao !.
#millenium13years That makes me feel old. I was 15 when I bought that album....
I crack myself up sometimes
Remember: This year...real #Aztecs fans wear Red & Black for St. Patricks Day! How lucky to have an Irish PG...De Jay O'Gay!
Guys, I'm starting my job Monday. So unfortunately my tweet game will be lacking the rest of the summer :(
Com'on RNG fans & ICONacz lets get more followers !! He deserves it !
#100 for holding her grounds --
Stomach hurting
Appriciate that beat, but i cant use it cuz i dnt know where it came from babe, i just buy them or get a homie to make em.
Hi. *Smiles beautfuly* I'm Selena.
'Iced lemon tea' and 'iced milk tea & coffee' should not be ordered in English.
Goinnnn to bed
Gotham Steak @ 41st and Collins - 5 out of 5 across the board - no errors...not one! Exceptional!
yay! Hope the drive wasn't too awful.
#JonezBestBet of the night: load up on Denver -2.5. George Karl is undefeated lifetime at home in playoff game 6's.
sheesh, lot going on my friends! a lot. <3 hope this finds you all well and happy
Yes Sir 1down
Open Table is down today, if you need to make a reservation please give us a call: 414-225-0000
I Teach People how to have Health and Wealth. Learn from a Six Figure Income Earner. Call me Now. Lets Talk. 1-888-920-7848
Every day new things pop up i deal with them the best i can but people try to be something they are not they need to get a life
Last day at ! The youth have continued to express more freedom in their worship!
waiting to check-in. #timeout !
Yep! But I'm not gonna tell you who it is over twitter or anything..
Hamburgers! The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast. What kind of hamburgers? Big Kahuna Burger.
Just sent an e-mail, thanks
This trial is a great waste of taxpayers $'s. Leave the man and his children alone.
Seems weird to say, but Anthony Davis' block record may be in trouble.
having a pretty good night so far...the meds are really kicking in! ;)
John Kirby: joint investigation into #Quran burning complete but decision to release not been made. US, Afgh officials must agree on that
Can't believe San Diego is going to be my new home in just a month!!
I love going to bed early!
Its a drive lady but worth it. Pho Nguyen on Beav-Hills Hwy by Fred Meyers. About 5 minutes west of the Ross Island bridge
Not now, Mat -- giving a talk.
RT : excuse my french on repeat
I promise I'm done. Just picking up some stuff here and there.
Happy St. Patrics Day from the entire Lennar Southeast Florida Family!
Whatever u plan on doing tonight be safe out there #MILWAUKEE has been a little OC in 2012
NEW YEARS PARTY!!! 3793 s archer 3dr FLOOR PENT HOUSE ft dj ThEm0 H0USE.HIP HOP-H0USE TILL 6AM. C0ME THRU! EVERY ONE FREE BE FOR MIDNIGHT
Another beautiful day in Madison. chapter and executive board meetings tonight. First day of class for me tomorrow.
"! &0T $W@&" you obviously don't if you type like that...
Going Monday! Can't wait!
So much fun to be still playing video games with my wife after all these years. We refuse to ever grow up!
Haha, it was a metaphor for my spirit! ; ) But my man plays the drum, among many other instruments & his great voice.
So sad the yoga studio I go to went out of biz suddenly, & bummed I won't be getting full refund. Could really use 2ward new gym membershp
Unscientific survey: if you receive a direct mail piece from a bank are you more likely to read it than other direct mail?
Heading to final regular season home game. Hawks need both points tonight because our last 2 games are on the road. Go Hawks!
Retweeting : Scientists discover the laziness gene - some mice with this gene turned their exercise wheels into little beds. ht ...
I want to do something today. But what? :l
Last 2 finals, k bout time
Stuck in Little Rock trying to fly past the storm to DFW. I have tix to see hit a boomstick off CJ. RT for luck Mike?
If your into beats I reccomend Beatmaker 2 from the app store on Ipod touch/iphone. It's basically a whole beat maker right on your device:P
What a sunny cool day. Stop in at UWM GRIND 4 cool cold drink. >>>Ice coffee, Arnold Palmer, etc<<< Ask GRIND employees 4 recommendations!
rt Nehra drops Ravi Teja off his own bowling, and the next ball is scooped fine for four. On such things do matches turn.
random: i've seen the cutest infographics lately.
on pace for 6 goals.
Still filming in Cambodia with the Planet #Water Foundation Charity. They are an amazing organization. www.planetwaterfoundation.org
COMMUNICATE, w/o adultism; you will discover the darndest things
I wish it was time for my mother to leave to go to work already.
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 18
Time to watch The Holiday. Shout out to bff Meredith for introducing me to this movie
Ah, the internet. Why it's the happiest place on earth! ;)
also check your email (gmail & work) for that already talked about email.
Thanks for your support! Hopefully you can make it to one of our events soon.
It made me so happy to find actually has a Twitter!
yup I am are you
F you at?
Had a dream that me got arrested <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> so random
umm thats fricken awesome! something i might need to invest in ;)
very poor customer service!
did we find out why the Villa were trending? just a random outburst of stories at the same time maybe? strange...but I like it. Up The Villa
Ravens are going beat the Patriots? Any doubters?
hopefully this time out Seth will have a clean run. Thanks!!! Long night ahead for but they'll shine.
Weekly message: The world is my Oyster!!! Now what will be my Pearl???? You decide!!!
Our Basic & Intermediate classes reset after Spring Break. So if you missed out earlier this year, they're being held again soon :)
Dang! When did it get so late?
I agree, you really can't trust anything anymore.
I love you, buddy! Happy holidays!
Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren't included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!
I hope you are writing another book because Because of Low was really good.
thank you!!!
Well, then you don't have a chance against my AK.
#IDontRegret a thing I've done in my life because my past makes me who I am and my past led me to you.
People you "bcc" on an email should not be able to reply, its always a bad situation !
The Milwaukee Bulls
Grand Theft Beer Cart.
No way this is a fair question to ask!
Can't fault the guy for trying to get a nice base before vacation. Also,
#DontChuHateItWhen the phone rings, you answer it, and all you hear is the dial tone
I believe it was Pablo Cruise.
not so fast! I'm nominating it takes two from Rob Base
Day 1 at #artbasel! First stop, sneak peak of brand new St. Regis Bal Harbour, can't wait to finally see it.
Way to go Mavs!!! NBA Champions!!!
What are your thoughts on my #WVU Mountaineers possibly replacing Missouri in the Big 12?
OMG i'm so jealous of you. So you got to meet ? He's so HOT!!!!
thanks! yes, it does say on my W2 that I've paid pgh sch taxes. just wasn't sure if I paid the right amount.
thanks for the RT about the Merk deal!
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience--well, that comes from poor judgment.
if it wasn't for that ugly douchebag bouncer. If I ever see him again I'll give him a piece of my mind.
someday, will follow me!
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
Hear ya.
Waiting for my first bundle. 15 mins have passed. #patience pays.
Ready for pizza.
Feels good to b the boss!!!
There is always one more imbecile than you counted on
I am suggesting we both depart our domiciles for the Barnside Diner posthaste.
About once every three years something comes over me and I go on a health kick.
I'm not a cutter, but I am an irregular flosser so I can relate a bit.
awesome! ok u is followed :)
I just read an article from The Atlantic my coworker sent out and it had a quote from you in it - very cool
Who's next?
The closest thing to a hug your dog will ever give you is when it doesn't kill you in your sleep.
I know you are working on the new record so since you have inspired me so much I would return the favor with this.
I don't know why but Niall was the first one I fell for.......<3
That "Beef Ellington" sounds good Donna! I may have to make a trip to Chi town just to have one!
“: Real (not microwave) popcorn, Threadless IPA, Game of Thrones, & awesome hubs. Yay for me!”
what more do u need austin, aren't u living ur dream already be thankful
Thinking about dinner in Harvard square tonight - something on the lighter side... oh the options are endless
Tomorrow is Jasmine Villegas's 18th birthday! Have fun Jas ! 2 weeks after hers it my 15th birthday ! Yea ... Man !
you guys are the one I look forward to on NYE since hubby works!
Working on new material as well as preparing our live set.
Check out www.perfectfoodsbar.com They are amazing! Gluten free, high in protein, high in omega 3s, good source of fiber and taste great!
Tomorrow evening...I will say that I do set the DVR for it. cc
What's that sucking sound? ....oh yeah, N. Carolina slipping back to 1950. Time travel can suck.
When you're mad at someone you love, be careful what you say because your mind gets angry but your heart still cares.
#PresidentObama saved the #AutoIndustry and #Romney killed thousands of
Why not Guest Bartend? Get your Boss and take over our bar!
You guys! I had totally forgotten about that, ha!
thanks, taking the new car on its first road trip.
I remember when I was on twitter all the time and everyone loved Facebook. now everyone hates Facebook and loves twitter(:
Just watched A walk to Remember for the first time.
Good to know! Glad you got in.
Losing followers
Looking forward to seeing folks in the ol' Boulder stomping ground this week.
Also, don't gamble with He counts cards.
That about sums it up! : )
To really complete the picture, you need a couple fat cigars and a calendar with cars on them in the background...
High school drama just makes me so much more excited to go to college. Damn.
That sounds awesome. I want. Deliver to work please. Thank you.
I guess I party a lot, or so I hear.
Hey guys! Be sure and check out our single "Carnival" at myspace.com/everglenn and stick around for news on the upcoming EP!
Where is this psych rock on south coming from?
What is this site idea? Is is similar to what Steve and I discussed before we started the blog?
Why does send me #fios mailings everyday when they know damn well it's not in my hood yet?
RT : what could have been is as real as what never was
May the 4th be with you.
aww shucks stop it! You's a lie!
Jus got finished making these pancakes and eggs!!!!!
Okay Thanks & One more question When are they coming to Chicago Emilio , Yaya , Harrel ?
I see that, I am sorry!!
is such a tease. He leaves us after he gets all flirty.
can we ever catch a break
College math sucks :(
How lovely to be called lovely.
Tired, tired, tired. Also: SNAUSAGES.
yup, it is true... I've known Paul since I was probably 5 years old.
I miss nap time
Crowdmapping what ambassadors (program alumni) are doing worldwide: track where they've gone, how they're sharing the message.
My tennis season has been awesome :) I only want it to end so my late nights of homework will be over!
oh gosh
anyone home at Zopim, open ticket in support desk for 4 days now, no live help on their site either (ironic)
To LOVE is one thing. To BE LOVED is another. But to BE LOVED dy the you LOVE.... Is everything<3
Niggas gone hate me...I b already preparing
I want a giraffe o":
you is weird <3
thanks, sweetie! that might include an April trip to Boston! Would LOVE to see you!! xoxo
I think for ppl who start out w/print. I do not think this will be the case for future generations. Kids born 10 years from now.
Oh...lol. That would do it.
Biscuits and gravy for brunch this morning! Italian Sausage Gravy Madness! We are open all day!
Terrific! I have another one tomorrow!
I don't play video games anymore because depression and lack of a social life prohibit me from taking any enjoyment from it
": The phrase "What a dick" has totally different meaning when it is said in the bedroom." Lmaooo
Thanks man =] i really appreciate that
We're Budget Friendly! RT: : Poster lovers must attend , but it's dangerous: so much great stuff.
The Godfather marathon -____- why do my parents have to be Italian?!
it's still true non the less
Pretty close...anything you are doing to prepare? In planning mode right now so hopefully soon!
i only have a week and half left of school :o
Lately all my mealtimes have been peanut butter jelly time
1st stumble through of Ford's Theatre's 1776, this evening. Guess it's time I commit my 4 lines to memory...
I told also, "When in doubt? Pour."
Went to bed last night w/out watching Mad Men. Just watched it today. Wow. I sat w/my mouth gaping for a while. Wow.
One thing that I admire is how natural the character actions are--nothing seems forced, yet there's a strong story.
that u other people
I will don't you worry!!
Thx RT : Shout out to keep up the good work all #Athletes follow and we
gotta love a late night tweeter. Get some subscriptions to your phone it will encourage more. How long you on third?
These recent celebrity deaths have made me feel just a little bit older. :-/ Death happens, that's life.
I'll just tell jack myself, he needs to know the truth about us. You cheat on him anyways!
that was my merry Christmas right there, mossman
I'm so glad for this day off I have so much to catch up on and the first thing I'm catching up on is rest.
i know! That's why I'm keeping it short
just got coffee and left no tip? I didn't think it was that serious
I'm glad you are enjoying your day. Happy happy Birthday again!
Encyclopedia Britannica stops printing after 244 years? Wow I thought they stopped 10 years ago?
For me every Friday is Black Friday. Lol! But its still freezing outside and I'm not about to stand in line for a discount.
I have a question , how do you make a secular beat ? Like how can you tell between a secular or christian beat if no one rapped on it yet ?
I get high on your memory. :-):-)
Me to , I'm crossing fingers !
will do.
Seventeen more days until I move out. Seventeen more days.
we did the other day at legislative hall all day
what we do?
yeah buddy!!!
RT : Hoping the weather is this beautiful for our Spring event and Art Walk in a cpl weeks- Join us!...
And anything you think we could do with IGHN, I would love, love, love. You guys do, after all, rule.
U.S. Stocks ended near session highs Tuesday; Dow and S&P logging their best rally in a month, helped by positive earnings reports.
Hey guys
Come to the Backbooth and hang! :)
I jus seen tryna get her lil work out on lol y u leave homie????
Anthony and I talked and we think we can hold opponents scoreless together next year.
Last chance for the #ALAStore at #alamw12! Go get your #READPosters, new titles, t-shirts, etc. Closes at 2pm
Working in shop, putting out three new soaps, Detox Massage Bar, Strawberry and Champaign Massage Bar, Cucumber luxury bar.
Congrats 2 4 selling out of ALL the new 52 at (except 4 1 unnamed book)
we just out here livin
if Libya is going to be free. No more dictators!
Our #lunch buffet is on til 3PM: #AllYouCanEat, just $9.95 for FL residents and $13.95 for non-residents! Who's craving Italian?
Its everything about you
OMG just had a flashback i knoe this waz along time ago but zendaya reply back too me i waz soo happy.
Very clever vacation giveaway via #flashfriday. Looks like I'll be chained to my desk next week :)
oh ya i saw it on the comertial cant wate to see it
YOLO . we get it . you only live once, you're not a cat . you don't have 9 lives . shut the fuck up.
Hey friends! We have a show November 12th at the drunken unicorn with baby baby! Be there! We want to see you all.
lol damn i think tbs or something idk these channels in Champaign
A few, this looks closest: 234 Dexter Ave N (Outside Pip Printing)
Right message, wrong song. Check out Korn's A.D.I.D.A.S. More my speed.
that would be awesome! hopefully someday :)
the only thing on my tumblr is literally <3
": If you apply an electric current to a pickle, it will glow in the dark."
and its only going to get better this week!
This Breathing Treatment <<<
ouch ouch
What does Death of a Salesman say about modern America? Interesting povs on
'cause you're sexy, entertaining & intelligent. I want to feature you on my wrestling/entertainment blog
i just keep hoping that someday Austin will notice me!
heyy sup mahn thakns for da #follow meh #following back and nice to meet ya :)
Thanks Autumn! Enjoy the CD :)
hey pretty! You're pretty too, antonio.
You're so pretty. (:
I want to goo, but idk if I'm gonna be busy all day :(
Nunthorpe!! Im sure i have heard of Ramsey, what year are you in ??
State testing phone stays at home bye friends! Bye Twitter!
Anytime I hear something about Miss May I now, I'm gonna laugh and think LOL SHELBYS MOIST.
24 hour countdown until registration is closed for #LAMARATHON!!!
Then why did you ask whatever happened to him? Obviously you were wondering...
what's up sir? Long time!
Congratulations to The Daily Cardinal's newly elected sports editors for 2012-'13, and
This is NICE! THX! RT I use Wizestamp and voluntarily offer my key social media profiles.
youre on campus? ok im on my way.
New Follower #FF I'm always looking for new Veggie Restaurants to try out. How long have you guys been around?
Picking up my dad's ashes. There's a song in this somewhere...
Join us tonight at the Blu Martini on 96th and support we'll be there at 8:30
now that you're in grad school you have to start following (hope i did that right!)
the backyardigans are dope! They got jazzy moves and funky beats!
you're looking good in your picture!!!! ;)
Mayor & Councilmembers trying to hold a straight face while being asked if a potential earthquake is in the budget projections.
Shout out to follow him!! :)
OMGosh, that is so very sad but true!
An irish dancing Miss America! I like it...
So u would agree that people shld never get angry when racially slurred
My grammy once caught an afro pick from wears it everyday!
Takes U 10 MINUTES a DAY, to TRAIN YOUR MIND on anyTHING!!!...USE IT....
Massive 7 was awesome, the Campus rail jam was cool, and the tradeshow at the Dept. of Skateboarding was tight. That was a busy weekend!
are you guys no longer doing Buckhead Theater thursday nights??
Whoops Forgot to include also! Congrats on his new job w/
I thought he spent decades racking up recruiting violations
Anyplace I hang my hat is home.
Happy first day of spring everyone! Enjoy a beautiful day in South Florida!
Oops, just turned into a 1-night stay. One of girls had flight issues. 5/19-5/20 still an option? (plus Spa, of course!) :-)
Lord, I thank you for Conviction! I know you didn't bring me this far, to leave me. #Amen!
Why do people keep unfollowing me! What have I done! This makes me sad :( Thanks to those who are following me though lol x
More creative minds fueled by Smith Tea's. Keep up the good work Boaz.
Checking it out! : chk out , trailer is gory, bloody & down right awesome, get it made along w
Hasselbeck is in
If #healing is the goal, fighting is contraindicated
Thank you, that's really nice of you to say!
At this moment i really need my best friend. :/
Getting ready to take author Lisa Yee to dinner. Sure hope she brought Peeps!
Pleasant surprise to see you working at X today! Catch up soon
I feel like I take this a step further. I act out the video in my apartment sans cute boy...
did you know Dr Fell is his wife in real life?
Cleveland will get Sports on FM on 8/29, as CBS Radio will flip Alt WKRK (Radio 92.3) to "92.3 The Fan." Tell a friend.
You. Me. Whipped cream. Handcuffs. Any questions?
No school for me :)
Rest in peace Etta James :(
Y ppl get on facebook think its a hook up site lol
Spending my day donating golf balls to small bodies of water. would be entertained.
Learn everything you need to know about newly added Twitter Lists, including how they affect your Twitter marketing strategy
Old town tonight :)
Irony of the Day: According to I'm influential about "freedom, the ipad, apps ...and smart phones." I don't own a smart phone.
Aww just breathe deep and put your mind to positive things. Know you will be fine. Social Team is thinking of ya!
I'm a local coffee gal but that's why our is great w/ awesome staff!
off to Yankee Stadium. Next week?
I'm on my comp. and it does it automatically. drives me nuts.
F is for friends who do stuff together...
Just bought Christmas present for at indie craft experience. No it's not felt, but it's still awesome. Mommy next!
games de hunger
I need your help. I'm trying to study for the test you took Friday in math and I have no clue what I'm doing.
Retreat to plaza.
Update: she's a vicuña, not a llama. She's very friendly and runs when she's honked at or called and expects treats!
Unacceptable Behaviors: interfering with or blocking movement
Brushing off the Super Bowl hangover for my first trip to the Beanpot tonight
yes I will! 530!
Stuck in a dungeon all night
don't worry we love the krap out of you too :) #REAL <3
RT : Thank u 4 splendid event. kudos 2 all
Thanks! :D
we'll split the ticket
where ya goin?
I'm diing pretty good. So good I might ask my boss for a raise.
cmon man!!!! in Arizona too
Fleury is in full out
I am Kodwo Eshun Appreciation Society, member
Such an awful evening.
did u like the pic? I didn't see your name in the list of people that liked it
Still amazed that in the 21st century where logic is spelled out for us, people continue to vote for illogical policies #North Carolina
we would love air play. We are in the studio recording new tracks now. We will get them to you as soon as they are ready. Thanks!
ooh i like that m
And that's why you don't leave Ovi open in the high slot.
The pizza was good (: but I don't wanna eat more.
:) is it raining where you live?
Yeah , you out there somewhere in Twitterland?
You a mind reader??(;
If you're looking for the next big penny stock, look no further than " LUSI.OB " Big rumored news coming this week!
Hmm. I think I should go to bed early tonight.
HELP! Any crafty ideas for invitation wording for a destination wedding to Puerto Rico?
Hey Baby, if you got no luv, you ain't got nothin!! - ( lol, so true :)
Politicians: 4 my vote, if u get caught cheating on your wife, I will personally bitch slap you. Get caught being bribed, ur nuts will go.
what up sweety
Yoga is great! Just as you do in the hard positions, use your breath & you'll get through the traffic! Ever consider doggy yoga?
If your phone receives tweets via text and you pay per text message, you've gonna go broke this afternoon
Do not limit yourself. Many people restrict themselves to what they consider they could do. You can go as far as your brain lets you.
I am interested in follow4follow? do you or no? If you need more follows try the site on my profile :)
Worst night ever.
Telling stories shouldn't be called rehearsing, it should be called 'I can't believe a get to play here for 4 hours!'
New website is so cool! W.trevorthepetguy.com Check it out, fine tuning as we speak, feedback is appreciated!!!
Whenever Morgan Freeman says "fuck" in a movie, you know shit's about to go down.
don't put pics up about old nanas trying to get at you!!! Lol
Players are human & accountable, umps should be human & accountable, but fans & players should accept occasional ump errors. Life is messy.
I LOVE YOU
Darrell what are you up to these days?
Holiday Green Tip: By doing your Holiday shopping online, you can save fuel, emissions, and probably get a good bargain along the way!
are you ready?
watchu mean against us ?
Want some more #WhenAustin's or #Imagines? I've never done imagines for Austin before. lol. :)
Hey, how is everyone? :) Seriously, I'm in a great mood, and in the mood to hear. Leave me tweets!
Ugh, who let Lackey in the clubhouse.
Stevie Wonder, play it, you are amazing!!
Back on the grind! Last summer with massage envy :)
Check out on !
RT : Wonder if is as balletic & musical when playing #drawsomething as he is when he does performance painting?
Laying in bed.
Dana and Raquel - can you resend the todaysmeet link?
I forgot how CUTE new mexico boys are! haha :P
"The song that sounds like wee ohh wee ohh wee, wee ohh wee ohh wee?" hahaha
Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.Swaggie
yeah I bet you have had tons of friends coming over to help. you are loved!! glad you had a nice relaxing day.
Wonder what the conversation would be like if a NY Yankee had his drug suspension overturned?
thanks very much :) Glad you're liking it!
my first game of the season tonight!
How was everyone's day? :)
guess I shouda not asked that question LMAO
K so if my grandparents pay for our tickets to Idaho this summer I'll have enough credit to get a ticket from there to here
Happy Thanksgiving Tweeties!
82 degrees and sunny in champaign -- spring break started early
Work field trip to the #Avengers today. It counts as research.
Thanks for all the RTs, ! Much more to come from
that's my girl
They say have u talked to that girl, I say fuck that girl my phone rings as well
that is so cool! Great job!!!
that's fast but good for u :)
Sitting here dancing to 1D at work.....SMH
Sounds good. Enjoying #SchoolsOnTheBrink & that you are asking why Crawford is only school up for consolidation
Just saw a Google Trends result at the bottom of a SERP for Smallville Season 10. Since when did they start showing Trends in SERPs?
Don't forget tiger jam- w/ Jon Bon Jovi & friends. Mandalay event center.. April 28th! Moorea during the day, concert at night, what a plan!
you two are a great team. Keep up the great work!
ah haha don't worry about it. I got hacked.
night all
As long as it's not a human ham...
keep me updated Dav
“: Cats meow to communicate with humans, not with each other!” ... then why can't I speak cat?!
Love my new apartment :)
Great weekend. Took in some incredible live music; met lots of new people and tapped into very good potential projects. + the sun was out!
haha, that gives me ideas....
Thanks for including me in your #storify story. Looking forward to the conference!
#vra2012 Kleman - when talking to teachers about how to use video in the classroom, it is obvious the system is broken.
I'm off to save the world from stupidity and lack of communication!
Insufficient funds are usually followed by Insufficient Fun.
“: #ItsHardTo Please Everyone.”
Couldn't name one player for Purdue but I'm sure a shit cheering for them
tweet was totally about me lol
I wish I were dying to sin instead of dying to sin.
It is so borin
WAIT, COMING TO HOOT FEST?
Gettin Color in my tattoos and finishing up these sleeves soon ..
#ifidiedtommorow id want to take all of my possessions money clothes toys games computer and give it to a kid with cancer
You are so cute together!!!!!
yes LET'S CHILL!!!:)
nah babe I've been waiting for some shit like this.....let me have my moment lol
Checked out the brief on Trapped. Wow, 12 years into the future. Makes me wonder how the characters & surroundings will change.
Just watched the latest castle well depressing as if Kate resigned but then quite cute and happy b4 the end<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
Just got my uniform for work
That tweet I just saw>>> haha!
Thankful for another day!,
BIDEN voluntarily admits he still picks his nose and eats the "outcome", THUS forcing OBAMA admit to same.
and now the asian girl is destroying a flawless Celine Dion song.
Ants in my pants sitting in a movie on the nicest day ever waiting to get rowdy
Thanks for the follow. How are you?
Anytime, hope you and the wifey have a fantastic weekend!
RT : Happy #EarthDay!! Today, #volunteers across the country are engaged w/ their communities in #sustainability projects....
sounds like a plan!
I want a fade
I wanna make a mix of all my old tracks and make it really crazy..for free download of course..
Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing. ~ Helen Keller
Yes. Casting is superb RT “: Agree. Veep is a great show. Great cast as well.”
GO GRIZZ! Tonight they play in LA - but that won't stop the diehard fans! Join us tonight for a watch party!
alphas is a great show, hope it has a long run!!!
Damn I'm so glad I left Alief. Some of these girls are stupid.
Writing our asses off!!
Routine is very important for those with #autism. Helps them feel safe!
bring it!
Can't wait to be back in Texas miss my family and friends
Please share this with your friends & family. You can massage your pets clean w/o having to give them a bath. Anytime or any place, everyday
And your trying to break me and aaron up why?
Heading up to the Couv to see my mom and spend a little time with her.
But it's certainly your prerogative to see it that way if it fits your viewpoint.
H8 mornings nice day though
If you want to sound really cool, talk or sing about the stratosphere in an aggressive tone.
omg ikr!! ughh they need to just tell each other!!!
true... but, I suppose I prefer to see the silver (or gold?) lining?
I just saw sumbody I went to school wit he look 2 times my age
reading "L’Intervention Sociologique After Twenty-Five Years: Can it Translate Into English?" byKevin McDonald director
It's my last day of school...ever.
no problem!
"God bless my enemies; make them Thy friends; give them to know the joy and the peace of love." Mary Baker Eddy's heartfelt prayer
Thanks, I'll check them out.
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn.
this next week, I'm like the players, stain away from twitter, anything and everything else
CD release date: March 25th! I'm so excited!! See you on iTunes :)
I think had the stronger pitch. Creative, clever, audience-appropriate... I don't want to be a zAMbie no more.
soo sore from track
Chiana:There is a perfect spot on the floor, and I will not rest until I find it!
Hi Adam, thanks for the retweet! Will you be attending?
it was! I found the cutest little cafe by accident!
yeah it's not good.
aye that is to dope!
Brian Williams ask the question about leadership style. Nice!
A little disappointed that Garry Marshall went with "New Year's Eve" instead of "Leap Year."
no, that the county has more Employees now than before. City maybe with all the new hires,replacements, and newly created pos
Someone should definitely start a science fashion blog! What a great idea!
Post your favorite drinking tradition on our fanpage, winner gets shots galore this weekend at Firehouse! www.facebook.com/ilovefirehouse
It's like everyone thinks and I are 17
RT : Is your business interested in being an official sponsor of The Island Fringe Festival? Get in touch with us at...
Staccyyyss mom has got it goin on
yo hope your show went well, wish i could have went hard in the paint with ya!
If pitching prospect requires long toss to get ready for a pitching outing, does it limit them to only be starters?
Jane might stay there over the summer... or me... or not
do you no where i can find lady civil war reenactors on the internet living history
Guess I'm actually staying in on a Friday.. Uh tht never happens to me
I wanna go there too
For shame, North Carolina. SHAME.
NO. Need a backup team asap. RT ": BREAKING: #Brewers announce contract extension Ron Roenicke (2014, club option for 2015)."
discussing the fact that LOST was not new last night. bummer!
welcome back Hillel huskies!!! here's to a great fall quarter... get ready for an even better winter!
Arrogant geese.
they are super groovey!!! for sure
Who is Channing Dawson? Do not know...
This stomach virus been kicking my ass this week..I might really have to go to the doctor
it's been so long since I have talked to you. I'm in need of your gnarly advice again. Can you help? Your advice in the pas ...
I swear my mom is rapidly approaching the "fuck it" years where she gives zero fucks about her appearance.
Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it. ~ Dr. Karl Menninger
Since i had a dream that i was prego, i keep thinking that i am prego o.O :3
that's for tonight
hey my son just burned his hand really bad on some refried beens no insurance any tips ?
Have a great weekend!
of course I'm not sure if the larger portfolio in which Solyndra existed will post a loss, either
Franklin park today with our new chicken mole taco... Savory and delicious.
Man, my stomach is singing like a bag of bullfrogs this morning.
Listening to the voice of reason... kinda. This is a new experience. I need a training guide.
You rule.
Just remember, if the world didn't suck, we'd all fall off! ~ Anonymous
I am so sry about Ryan and you r in my prayers
Take care of your lady. It pays great dividends.
like what?
do you guys handle toll violations in Miami?
Ah I need to make a trip back to Cali so soon either San Diego or LA I don't care I miss the west
love you more
are you a fan of Tracy Morgan?
“: Acting is not about being someone different." word.
yhu are now followed!!
Love this time of year. Pear blossoms all over everything!
The Discovery Green has outdoor iceskating now until Jan 22, lace up your skates before it's too late!
I cannot explain or rationalize how much I love that man, despite the fact that I've never met him. So so many great roles.
YAY! My nephew Benjamin was born today at 11:15 am! I'm so happy to be an aunt! :)
lmfao that nigga is a fool... i refuse to call him world peace doe.
Kids don't have the money to pay for the #gas to go to college, so they just stay home and pray. This should make #Santorum happy.
no problem :)))
Do you reply to everyone? Where do you find the time?
Sure thang. Now I am really going to bed, do a little homework first then goto bed. XOXO
In for the night, I'm sleepy and I need to rest up for work and rage fest with tomorrow!
yay! We'd love that.
That's what's up. O I got a new #
I'm interested in testing tools
16 years ago Austin Carter Mahone was waiting to be born on this day at 10:14 AM. #HappySweet16Austy Mahomies <3 you
June or July!
Fly Away will be posted in a week, we hope everyone enjoys our new track :)
there isn't a bad seat in the entire stadium!
I think it's a good idea. Follow me zouknation!
Mad Men tomorrow!!!!
How am I supposed to fall asleep when I'm not tired? How am I supposed to be tired when I sat on my ass all day?
Assuming that makes me shallow too..
Hope everyone is hungry. 5:00 today at McMurty Courts we have our first Summer Session of BBQ, Beer, Volleyball and PRIZES! See you there
Lets go Knights! #Knightmare!!!
Congratulations on reaching 9 million followers my hunkie Frikikikikiki Sex Dragon! Love you!
hi Patrick :-)
I hoping to get an interview for the butler job at the Mittmansion in La Jolla. I'll supply my own Grey Poupon!
Leaving work at 6:10 today. Apparently I'm not that dedicated.
Woodfish's Starlight Remedy album to be released on 4/20/2011! Pre-order now at www.woodfishmusic.com
Love the emphasis on soft skills. Sometimes challenging to convince students of the importance of these!
caught my first
Transparency is the new black.
Concocting new versions of old fashions
send the link-dying to see (or remove from internet) lol
haha, no need. They're normally great. First delay from them in months.
Another great lunch with the Oklahoma Wedding Professionals it is always so fun and informative.-Ashli Cox Catering Sales Manager
I kno her johnnie ill show you who she is one day she is kool ppls
Hot and irritated! Great combination!
thanks for the link--very similar instinct--solutions that work 4 problems that matter! appreciate your detective work!
I hope a lion cuts your throat then eats you. Then throws you back out. Then eats you again. Then shits you out.
Happy New Year! Little early I know, but I'm totally lame and not staying up.
The people should not pledge allegiance to the government; the government should pledge allegiance to the people. -Michael Lind
Have a nice serene day
I have to be a Day Person this week because it's spring break and the library's only open during the day. I feel like a vampire
Got your feedback but no contact info. We're hiding the continue button this week. DM if further questions. Thanks!
Just got interviewed by the BSU Daily News, make sure to check out the article in next Monday's paper!!
soonRT : When can yuh entertain me??
You're 12 why are you on twitter! Go play with some barbies.
wow! Just wow!
very belated #FF to you, too... it's almost TGIF again! :)
Architect's perspective: if you think a drafter will give you a better price than a licensed professional, please use them.
Thanks for the shout out of !!
B careful when a naked person offers u a shirt-
Haha...that was awesome. If she's a man then I am going gay for sure ^_^
Should you believe that some day it's going to occur, some day it probably will occur.
Last night in Oxford...
yes! I'm going to be a couple hours late because I have to work til 2 - but I'll be up after! It'll be good to see you!!!
When are you done with uni, next year? You gotta fill me in on what's next for you.. dropped you that long inbox a while back haha
Yo its a crazy world we live in
for the follow!
I don't always have a Crush, but when I do it's orange.
Of all the reasons for my brain to be hurting right now, this is probably the least fun.
Fast Five.. muscle men n fast cars mi gusta
I'm at ryans and teresas wedding
Promos yesterday went great! Thanks
Is bi-racialism a word?
My whole entire body hurts ..
good idea. When will students get to the 21st century? I'd be happy to meet them at 2005.
Check out new-to-you places
- a few, but that doesn't stop me from talking about them!
Soo im n lafayette....is eddies good for breakfast?.
I know!! I'm freaking out.<3
What to bring to campus? Start with an umbrella and a raincoat. You can take care of getting new things once you're here.
eh I'm fine. Haha thank you.
Great mindset RT : "I’ve always believed no matter how many shots I miss, I’m going to make the next one.” - Isaiah Thomas
just looked up who that is. watching 'the power of vulnerability' via TED now.
i aint heard since we dropd it
rubin and fries, a pint of hammerhead at ze White Eagle for lunchtime
Happy Easter everyone. Take a day to reflect on all the great thinks Jesus has done for you
Patrice Bergeron is the heart and soul of the #Bruins and is one of the most underrated players in the
Photo Shoot ! Tomorrow, Staring Keith Aka " Nigga Model . "
the clippers need to close out this series with Memphis already so I can go to game 1 & not worry about missing work!!
Morning guys :)
thx for attending my photography workshop last night for all!
unbelievable crowd on galibier. normally think event crowd estimates = joke. these will be right, maybe low.
Doing operational stuff today... ...a gd day 2 catch-up.
Hey If #Brewers couldn't afford Prince Fielder, what makes anyone think they can afford Josh Hamilton?
With the sting on their buts nd the shame on there shoulders frm the beating cleveland wudagave them
Thanks for helping us reach our "Likes" goal. Thanks to you all, we now have 2,010 likes!
The good thing about a long megabus line: got through reading the last 24 hours of my twitter feed.
it's the door to the right of center if you're coming up from
that's more than awesome.
We are looking for a show in Tallahassee FL If you can help or know someone who can email
not yet I'm not home.... I'll check it out ^^
No one, and I mean NO ONE has ever moaned in a song the way Donna Summer did.
I got the best present ever for you
' Sure can't wait for her or Larry to come for me :)
If you are a clinician or parent concerned with finding toys for special-needs children
you rock! game day just isn't right without
Happy mothers day!
stopping suburban sprawl
You are such a FUCKING dumbass.
Waking up at 3am to follow a day in the life of Oscar cause he's one bad mutha
Moments is such a beautiful song x
Tf , she cant Rap /:
Will it be LSU, Texas or Bama for Torshiro Davis? They're about to start the announcement ceremony. We should have our final answer soon
HIM: Not sure. Felt fine yest....think its flu. Can't keep shit down all day....
the b.s. rumors and strait up fiction many reporters put out these days...
Sweet. I miss South Beach!!
We heard that Pizza Hut lets kids eat free on weekdays (with paid adult buffet). Can you confirm? Thanks so much!
Doritos locos tacos wit a Baja blast in the side, and #livewire in the car.
Take the rules of this shit, that's why I keep a revolver How da hell U robbers .....gonna rob da robber
RT : "Is it wrong that I glanced down at his skills and thought, 'none of those say NGP Van'?" -
Up and getting ready to see my girl get sworn into the Illinois Bar ... she's officially an Attorney now yall ... congrats CO
#musesocial topic? how about -wiseor not to use SM re sensitive issues:e.g.Hall of Evol ? Jefferson & slavery? TrayvonM?
its hard to believe that everything you said to me, was a lie.. its even harder to believe that i actually thought i meant something to you.
Ultimate shade, why did #Theresa (SONY EXECUTIVE) said she SIGNED Beyonce to Columbia & not Destiny Child. She is on the #MARYMARY show lol
ive been at wittenberg all day today.
Who is ready for some week 11 fantasy screwjobs? Or did Thanksgiving already f you in the a?
most of them
Down to 5 players for our women's bball game tonight. If any of you have skills, now is the time to let me know.
For just $5 you help fund a brand yourself a librarian style project at SxSW show off the impact of libraries. DM for deets on how to give.
1 MINUTE LEFT OMG IM FREAKING OUT!!!! Hurry uppppkdjjdxhssjd
The funniest thing about this tweet is that by the time you realize it doesnt say anything important its too late for you to stop reading it
We are having a responsive design meeting today. We are very inspired by your work!
Check out the Miami lights!
About to hit the studio with Ready to make more magic!
looking for opportunities? get in touch with me over FB!
I now know the future of library architecture is to strive to look like Mac stores.
#FamousLies - you don't need a professional to do your plumbing. False, save money and time, you're bound to cause some damage...
is happy we won the game and brutally hung over today. Hey, the proceeds from the Rockbar Mad Dog shots went to charity-"It's for the kids!"
DJing Scordatura (modern classical) on ktru 91.7fm www.ktru.org. Week's theme is American Minimalism, in honor of recent trip to Marfa.
Love CS Lewis Quotes...
Hopefully #JuniorSeau is resting in peace w/ #MosiTatupu, another proud Samoan Patriot.
as long as your the one behind it<33
Haha, no camps then. Actually would be great if you guys can make it for 5yr anniversary! 7/11/12
Living wit the hell i've made for myself....
I STILL KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER! BYE YALL!!! IT'S SCARY MOVIE TIME.
Follow me, I know de way
kevin I'd love to see what you would do with it! bet it would be a good event
When the news crowns you with the title “expert,” you are one. Become the expert in your field and give “expert” opinions for news coverage.
Fabulous! :) Looking forward to getting singing "I"m on a boat" too!
A Look at 3 Popular Types of Mortgages
What a fucking game
When I started out as a children's librarian, #Sendak was making waves. We had 100 4 yr olds a week in story hours-they loved him.
Anyone in/around the Northern Virginia/DC Metro area have a couch or guestroom I could crash in/on June 27-29th?
Thank you!
So Facebook decided that 's nostalgia is more important than my entire newsfeed.
no reason to defend myself because you are exactly right.
If you do have to work this fine Saturday just make sure you get outside.
Me plz. I'm just waiting for anyone! “: lemme know, i'm still dm'g”
Agree 100% with that. : Bottom line? This all really sucks. This is not what I thought we were gonna be talking about in May
500 like the 500 club? I like that place lol, but on friday Im getting my wisdom teeth removed! So idk how much recovery time is
What makes you not what to do what you're supposed to do for this person who you say means so much to you...
I am the game doesnt take 3 hours #shutup :P
So I added Sonny Rollins to my Pandora station I was creating, and I they gave me "Sonny and Cher". :(.
haha, i don't do any on friday.. i just do it early on saturday or sunday. (:
Hugs & thx all around! RT“: you rock, kind sir!!! i thank you and thanks you, too! :)”
Never give up on your team, people. We're still alive!
Watch your VOICE REVREN!!!!!!
OK, it's more than this, but still can't seem to read abt learning analytics without a mental image of airport body scanners...
I guess that kind of begs the question as to what the definition of a #coffee shop entails and how do they vary?
It always feels like further
Where are you located dude?
Tell her i said THANK YOU!! RT : my mom just realized ur bday was today..she says happy birthday Nick!! :)
She can afford the good meth now
happy birthday darling, we still need to have a birthday Thai food night
The Valet is coming up shortly! Be sure to tune in via or online at www.wsupfl.com! Giving away #OrlandoCalling tickets!
Had a lot of fun at the St Francis Library Fest yesterday! Don't buy our CD cuz we don't have one yet, lol. =)
I beat it beat it up up up up up up up
Congrates on the new bundle of joy in your life!
Me, have an opinion? Would b special for #saxum and #cubiccreative to tackle what I call TGBC - The Great #Braums Challenge.
you should join us - use Tweetchat app to embed the #meded hashtag automatically
I wanna go :(
give us a shout-out in the opening speech ;) our bionic ears will be tuned in.
makes the both of us
“: That clogging was legit” HAHAHAHAHAHA all I can think about is clogging a toilet. <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Here's to the Mahomies who cried when they missed Austin's Ustream for the first time..
Santa . Training and T box . Busy saturday
I miss you!!! <3 I'm going insane without my best friends... we gotta hang out soon. When you going on vacation?
of course there is. That's great. You know what else is great?
yeah. It's kinda weird. -_-
I'm up way too early and in a foul mood. Need that attitude of gratitude but can't seem to find it. Check under the couch cushions, maybe?
I love it when my great grandmother calls me to tell me that she’s excited about seeing me on Saturday. :D
idc she'll have to get over it
You got to my pub day before me! :-) Time zone magic. Thanks so much. xo
One of these days I'm going to make you choose. If its her, you'll never hear from me again.
"YOU HOT DUCKING GUY" - hahaha
This is a real fucked up day!
We have to give it up for the new York giants for pulling off one of the greatest wins in NFL history!
So I'm not doing the announcements anymore at school.. I guess they found out I was going I spastically shout cuss words over the intercom
holler at me in a couple months
i wish youd notice me!!!
Pop up flea markets
Boedker converts on a bad turnover to make it 2-2.
Decibel is a great idea and they have a really slick video to explain how it works. Reminds me a lot of Freebase.com and the video th...
sometimes you have to
Thanks friend - you too!!! #FF RT TGIF! Have a Safe Weekend!
Thank you!
In many, many ways. :) RT : and the #fosterly event keeps on giving.
Congrats to the rebels on their 75-58 point win
yes, let's definitely do that soon! Let me know when's good for you.
Yall would too if ya heard its voice
As Katie Long would say, "Be safe have fun" ;)
: I will stop in on Monday to get caught up!
I wish I could have gone to the J. Cole concert tonight on campus.
RT : on the way back yesßss
who's gonna be up all night?
Showing "Rebel Without a Cause" at Tivoli Theatre in Downer's Grove on April 25 & talking about "The Film That Changed My Life" w/AHFS.
Thanks! Happy weekend!
No thank u!!
"I am sending you out like sheep among wolves." We are the sheep, Jesus is the shepherd. We NEED Him.
Some days are harder than others.
Hey Sheree-What's the name of the song and artist that you did your dance number to? I can't find it anywhere.
lakers got no class when down by a lot
#FF Follow some talented people!
Readers are Leaders. Give Reading a prime attention in 2012
Not liking the 8:30 start for the Devils. I'm ready to go now
Houston art lovers, check out The Big Show this Friday, July 1 from 6:30-8:30pm! DJ Glasnost and drinks by Saint Arnold!
Hands up who had Chelsea v. Bayern Munich in the Champions League final
we look forward to having you!
All beliebers love Pattie=) And :)) We love the #BieberFamily :))
computer reservation. i swear that i usually have more reference questions than this! zero as of 12:30.
thank you for the #FF!!
lets go to the beach, each, lets get away.
W Going to try Troy Anthony's - Cambridge barber that I heard good things about.
#Grilling beef short ribs marinated in #Korean BBQ sauce while sitting under an #outdoor heat lamp. Is this #spring in San Diego?
Thank you! And for you as well! Enjoying your tweets.
We have a room full of troublesome #cataloges at the Best Western Stovall's Inn (corner of Katella Ave. and West St.). :)
Lovin the intensity on my TL today
I think our Debut issue and all the Amazing online content of Rag and Bone Magazine is going to ROCK your worlds!
blast U-Kiss as load as possible
~ I look at my kids and know that even with all their craziness ~ their still my sanity~
do u have an email address for beat submissions?
...maybe bro is the kat!
And great to meet you as well, Antonio. Best of luck with your event planning venture helping nonprofits.
that chocolate was mhhmmm mmhhmmm GOO:))
RT : 1-11-1865: Gen. Robert E. Lee recommends granting immediate freedom to African Americans who enlist in the...
Prince Fielder beat you to it.: btw, can I have one of those french fries coming out of your head"
Why do the Marlins look like the Orioles??
Heard of qwiki.com? Awesome site to use in the classroom!
I Was Wondering Its My Birthday On June 14 Birthday<3 I Go To Miguel Contreras Learning Complex In L.A And All I Want Is A Hug
Excited for twitter chat in 20 minutes!
I'm not sure what car to get next... #Fox says Volvo and #CBS says Fiat.
RT LOL : RT : Attractive person: "Hi, how are you?" me: "who the fuck paid you.."
Recently M&amp;amp;M’s also launched five new flavors
You are worthy only to be mocked by the words of error. From Explanations of the Ninety-Five Theses, pg. 175 of Luther's Works, Vol. 31
i have been going to shows for longer than I would like to admit. my favorite hip hop act not named public enemy
Just saw the previews from PALOMA's shoot for ATOMICA Magazine. You are going to LOVE.THIS. #film!
Our words may hide our thoughts, but our actions will reveal them. ~ Anon
#ThingsIDislike I dislike when people hate on eachother
We are at Spitfire, Acquabar, and 2nd & Bell
hee-hee my hubby only praises me when I'm not looking lol!
At least I have season four of 24
He once wavered on wavering! He may again. “: The one thing Mitt will never waver from is wavering.”
Looking forward to the KACC event in our lounge this evening!
Sounds like a good plan! Thanks Bille!
Just inbox me, when ever you need too. I'm only a click away. Remember, i don't like it when beautiful girls cry.
: Not only is your lead-in a flat out lie, but the link doesn't support it
Is it fine to sit in a chair or lie down if sitting on floor is not possible due to back injury?
So do I look jailbait enough for you to tweet me?
was it a kyser or?
thanks abel same to u bro
Please stop hating on Turner ..he's developing to become the best player on the sixers! Keep your head up!
Stay bless today
You've got a great account blurb! : ) Thanks for a follow and have a fun Sunday!
well I'm not Irish so they don't mean as much to me but yes I saw them and they are pretty sick
LMKasprzak re: CMC -- Social media is a cocktail party; you are supposed to engage in conversation and LISTEN.
Aw, yeah!
technically not about straight edge, but they use it a couple time they say "what are you one of those straight edge faggots"
No, this is MacOS Snow Leopard. But thanks for the tweet.
If happy ever afters did exist, I would still be holding you like this
Tonight is senior night. Everyone of my friends better be there. Or they lose their friend card
Yes! Love Laumeier! RT : Don't forget about Laumeier Sculpture Park!
I'm bout to get some cereal
Favoriting your own tweet is like liking your own status on Facebook. neither are acceptable.
That's because he's not as popular...
Sent Giuliana gift to LA Studio address- delivered yesterday- pls make sure she has it b4 her surgery- it will help- thanx! :-)
I'll take it!
Getting ready for our first Holiday Season! Thanks everyone for the support! Send me a message for a 25% off coupon!!
There's a nine-year-old with cancer, and all he wants is to trend on Twitter. Make it happen.
I feel bad for the little kids & babies on shows like teen mom D:
Looking back and realizing things I should have done differently..
you ok? wanna talk about it?
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.
I'm the worst ex-gf! I forgot to wish The Ex a happy two-year breakupiversary on August 6. Glad to say we're tied for winning the break-up.
Woohoo #Chiefs Win!!!
The one thing harder to find than the missing link, loch-ness, and bigfoot is the ever elusive "Helpful Creative Direction"
Everytime I hear my alarm clock I hate it more and more.
we would love to work with on using #WikiProjects to get information out to people around the world
so basicly i am going to be jamba juice fairy tomorrow, get on my level !
She was so ugly she could make a mule back away from an oat bin. ~ Will Rogers
It'd be funny if Chris Brown was dressed up as a spider on that large spider web.
I like yours, too!
What are the plans for tonight? : it would be, if you were here!
Mr. Personal injury lawyer, do you have a website? Do you track ROI (new clients) finding you from website?
I thought class too!!!
last time I called you had a voicemail it was real long I remember having great laughter bout it
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace
And I will make you believe, that nothing can save you, like nothing saved me.
LOL! Well, at least not this time, you mean. RT : I swear I didn't do it! I didn't do anything!
Get tix to see at their 5th Annual Hip Hop showcase in Lisner! The show is April 29th from 6:30-8:30! hip-hope to see u there
On it! Going to grooveshark immediately to get schooled in proper grunge fore-fathers! Thanks for the bands will listen for sure!
Wow. Just wow.
Whoa! What team?
follow me please5
Movie Man: Fast-taking reporters and slow-witted cops
#FatherGod May your #light shine brightly within us, that all be inspired to seek you, in #Jesus name. amen, amen, amen!
completely agree! Well said
Yellow and Green. You know what I mean...
Watching the city council proceedings now....
Maybe if they turned the economy off and then turned it back on it might run better. Works for my computer....
that is an excellent point... I like that
wow hahahahahhaha i love him
Just a reminder- your photo is what enters you in the contest, but winners are drawn at random! We don't want to show any favoritism! :)
All I wanted was you.
Good afternoon
Going to Baking Classes!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
I'd never be on a reality show, but only because I wouldn't want my mom to see the faces I make when I'm talking to her on the phone
>Hey, sent an email and it was ret...
Welcome newcomers to my fan page. :)
That awkward moment when you realize the vs Whirlyball DEATHMATCH isn't tomorrow and actually starts in an hour. :(
Stop acting like you know me.
1.) Impurities in Petroleum Jelly a.k.a Vaseline, under suspicion as a carcinogen in Breast Cancer. Petrolatum Banned in products in EU.
Following is not conducive to getting any sort of real work done
first thing I think when I look at your avi is cute face :) then it's straight to holy boobs!!!! ;)
Honestly, it hurts seeing robert with amanda :p
Current projects: reading the novella of "Breakfast at Tiffany's" and finding a decent gluten-free Mardi Gras king cake recipe.
Highly anticipating the new Nas album
your 7? What's that?
if my video isn't chosen 4 #loyalsaturday i want 2 know if there is a reason 2 wearing the same outfit @ believe every time?
"Authentic affirmation...is a way of being present to another individual with full attention of one's whole being.." Healing the Unaffirmed
Now we just need an API that would allow artists to add tracks directly from their drupal or wordpress site.
Lol i got this kids earphones tooken away at school on acident guilt will kill me :(
thanks sweetie! *hugs*
Had fab CA red recently. Luv when it stays on ur mind. RT : If is about wine, I am in it. THX for following... Cheers
Thanks for the Webinar! The interface looks great and the new features sound fantastic!
'We want both- democracy and human rights' Mrs. Jehan Sadat Sadat Forum
#Shoutout on the follow back
that looks difficult and slippery. Gotta start doing more pull ups.
#Packer fans! Take note & follow our (verified by to be the REAL Jordy!)
please please please take me to my junior prom this year please I love u so much and there is no1 i would rather go with
Nobody EVER post pics of the welcome signage when driving on to WDW property. I wonder why that is. Never see them.
Want to work together ASAP! Let's try to put something together.
Can't get a home loan? We have investors willing to work with u! Ask about our rent to own program!
Abby: "bro did i ever tell you when i looked in your eyes i just fell in love?" hahaha
Whats goin on people... Good Morning..I need more peoople to follow me....
Thank you Mario, for the compassion & desire to bring to "light" the challenges that many people face each day.
Just started snowing in south Everett.
according to my Friday is also booked.
To succeed... you need to find something to hold on to, something to motivate you, something to inspire you. - Tony Dorsett
Stupid September: "be more funny"
I'm glad I didn't go to prom I had a shit load of fun on Saturday ^_^
learn how to talk first.
Do you have a chapped anus? I know i do ...
bring Morgan to Boston please lol
I think I'm over
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Northbound I-35 just before Parmer
Canada's on now, Czech later, Sweden tonight. A++
What is a CPA?
We seem to remember quite a few of you cats.
would love to hear more about your ministry?
I Honestly Dislike School So Much :(
Get'yer muskets ready! is coming! defends the Georgia Soul front 11/16 w/ a box of leathal Southern Soul 45s.
Thanks for the Follow- your work is wonderful!
Basement. Better lock
hey where've you been?
Good luck! RT : Fingers are crossed this job opportunity pans out.... I'll know more later this week....
fuckin dragons everywhere
Just ate a big bowl of pasta!
Ppl still take pictures with their middle finger up wtf
#feartheturtle RT : I question Steve Blake's dedication to basketball. I think he's just in LA to get jobs in zombie movies.
Just saw the newest GoT episode...I don't have a clue what's going in parts of it. And I've read the books.
you almost done at least?
RT I need locally grown Elderberry Flowers #bartenderProblems perhaps you know a farmer in New York?
im looking at you right now.
Good morning love <3 I hope u have grt day!!! How are u ? <3
Thanks for the historical fiction book rec!
Certainly. But keep in mind the anti-stats backlash from defenders of the status quo, which is still prevalent in MLB 10 yrs ltr.
OSX Lion is awesome! Totally love it
“: I miss my buddy :( ” miss you too boo
aye imma tell u like i told a few others..stop spammin my DM wit that url bullshit! #UnFollowed -__-
We are playing in Lake Charles this Saturday for Contraband Days at the Lake Charles Civic Center 2pm. Come join us if you can. Tix are $5.
Happy marijuana day
Had a blast at my senior jazz recital yesterday. Great music, friends, and food!
Provebs 18:21 21Death and life are in the power of the tongue: and they that love it shall eat the fruit thereof...Watch that mouth!!!!
Thank you for tonight. And HOLY SHIT YOUR DANCERS.
true fans support Justin & Selena
RT : I'm just a girl, standing in front of the world, pleading for a sexy Asian guy to love me. <~ OMG!! Love it-Love it!! Haha!
I love coming to champaign with Elly!
Texas born Texas bred, when I die I'll be Texas dead
GOOD: Met Mark Borchardt today. BAD: He recognized me from something embarrassing.
great webinar so far "How to Recognize Volunteers"
WTF was I just thinking?! I just applied to Food '12 to SPEAK! Still, learning to can has been great for #autsim & #family. Eeep!
I know! :( We had a big event we were covering the next day that needed prep work done that night.
Good job beating out landing strip. It was a tight game!
Today is the shortest day and longest night of the year. Have a cool yule!
hey Sarah! Thank you! You are PRETTY freaking cool too!
"The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you."
hell yea! I demand a the Office marathon soon!
Asa lead, Kell'd all over her
outta 1000s #SexyBabyMovie is 1of 22chosen as "viewpoint selection" meaning"high-quality edgy storytelling from around the globe"
We frankly agree - "We have the most attractive members."
He is a big pussy now! I want adventure!
Well the way the seeding went, that wouldn't have been possible for this round. I still would rather play Philly than Chicago.
Ive never met you but I love you because you are alive and breathing, and that makes you worth it. (:
Thanks. What's the MTA police presence there during the day? Also, what about the cameras? Is the footage easily reviewable?
I miss how things used to be ..
Hey ryan! what's up?
you missed one direction today and JB in the halls
Make a customer unhappy in the real world, they might tell 6 friends. Make a customer unhappy on the Internet, they can tell 6,000 friends.
upholding dignity is always a good thing
Happy Easter!
This would be a nice time to see Soriano bust out of his power slump.
Tomoro going to a field trip all day long to FAU hallelujah no work <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> just walk around a college campus.
what movie? I wanna watch.
Um, worried <:\
Girl put in work, girl girl put in work, girl put in work...push it to the limit, push it through the pain...love
LOL not loaded. I was watching #MobWives & said it. Applied to my crap day at work haha. Plus you know I <U+E328> her!
If I could get a few celebs behind the Last Breath movement we'd see some better numbers...hm?
Let naysayers be part of your motivation instead of allowing them to corrupt what you know you are supposed to do. Be your own biggest fan!
whats going on
William Levy
Day 2 of working outside in the sun tomorrow. Aruba's so close!
i would go with a yamaha! but u really cant go wrong with either of those starting out!! let me know which one u get!
Mini apple pies are adorable!
Everybody talk and everybody listen, but somehow it's always the truth that comes up missing.
Only been in my new place for a couple days and I'm already headed out for the weekend. BUT ASCAP is worth it! On the road tonight.
As do I. He's a solid defenseman. I guess people think he should be Lidstrom. Which is dumb. I wish those people would watch NBA.
You're welcome! Pittsburgh pride all the way!!!
I know...hate me if you must...
Wings lookin god!!
You will when u get out of school lol
I should've paid to go.
What's the price?
hi let's go shopping!
RT from Iran: several ppl arrested, tracked through public Twitter proxies - send them ONLY to reliable contacts. RT!
Its 10 on a Friday and I'm exhaused..
I really like "Crazy But True"!
Opportunity is the best way to grow and develop our brain. What is the goal of the hiring manager? In the reality are their doing great job?
New song clip tonight. Let's get the people goin'.
Tablet readers of Hearst mags like Esquire spend 5-7x longer on content than website readers, says Chris Wilkes
Going Prom dress shopping for !
I had the same problem yesterday! Something must be going around ;)
Is considering giving Twitter another chance, only because just joined. TWITTER TRACKER TWITTER TRACKER TWITTER TRACKER
The end of wisdom is to dream high enough to lose the dream in the seeking of it.
RT : I wish I could study abroad
def agreed. You could just see him chirpin. No chance that shot hit nothin but net.
Eating something mighty yummy for dinner. Yea, we eat on Pacific Time. But it's worth it! Homemade meatloaf. Plus sweet potatoes & a salad.
Wut to do for the rest of the day
"Faith is a journey into darkness, into not-knowing." ~Richard Rohr
Can you give a shout out wishing out Bengals good luck on the STAAR tests? Thanks!
i unt a teacup pig!!! <3
“ Sometimes it takes a lot of bad relationships to get to the right one <U+2665>
Excellent post, surprisingly moving video.
What part of town?
is happy for that Young double.
I'll punch you in the ballz lady.
best places to grub in Milwaukee?
Thank you for giving the Dregs Of Humanity the shout out they so richly deserve.
Let's get TWO QB's who can't find receivers beyond 15 yards!
MIGHTY MPIYA!!!! CHECK US OUT!!! GOOGLE US!!! YOUNG PHAT!!
yes i am! :D what time are you going??
Are you going to PlayDateMemphis?
#Running on a treadmill is like going to a 5 star restaurant and asking them to microwave your food RUN OUTSIDE
8. Start a 'stop doing' list #ASTD2012 Collins
we definitely have mutual connections a'plenny...good to meet
LOL I DON'T KNOW. IM CONFUSED.
Thanks Amanda for the quick and helpful support!
Dear Mr. Sun, there is no need to be shy. We all love you.
thanks! We can't wait to see you at
's graduation experience reminds me to congratulate all of our 2012 library school graduates! Welcome aboard, one & all!
S/O 2 For Bein So
Nothin' like the psycho bitch in my mother to bring out the psycho bitch in me
I say "boom" a lot. Could be the comic book nerd in me. "Ka-Ploooey" has never worked though.
awww thats no fun i love chokein on a big fat dick
add me on facebook - Freddy Shane Kemery
Master & Margarita concert last week, intense/ haunting w. singing cats & devils.#awesomebands RT : My Dude, my thanks.
I miss running through the rain.. laying looking at stars.. and countless hours in my bedroom..
Glad the power company turned it back on
Man my teacher bheen talking about jail for the last hour
It is almost time!!!
Congrats on 10K !
Participatory Painting series: Tell me about your favorite place without telling me the name of the location.
Any #bellydancers performing at #restaurants? DM us! We'd like to know!
Ever been to an #AustraliaDay party with no #aboriginals? I have. With
breaking news: i'm going back to Salesian next year, the decision has been made, & i'm honestly ohkay with it :D
lol no jerk!
i hate it whenu dont know a guy but your dying to meet him cuz hes cute and seems sweet but then ur friend ditches u to hangout wit him-.-
I thought I was talking to Lisa.
I'm going to the Enter Shikari, Letlive, At The Skylines show on Sunday! I heard you all are busy all weekend and Monday.
Following your advice, sleep when I damn well please :-)
Alright, I'm seeing Norm MacDonald June 8th -10pm show. I didn't think I could handle seeing him alone so I bought two tickets.
Morning....Its the 1st of the month!!
New MMW classes added with Professional M1 Fighter Plinio cruz. Mon/Wed at 8pm. Cage meets the street
Thank you for the delicious apple pie from
Digital Media gives us a chance to be part of the dialogue
Omw to church ; Good Morning ppl
What a week played pine valley in nj and watching the catds 2nite
Way too nice out to stay indoors. Calling it quits for the day. :-)
How else do you think I'm making ends meet? I had to go dark anyway. Too popular.
Face down ass up that's the way I like to What???
And to start the week I just spilled burning hot coffee all over my arm...
My photos have disappeared and my DM's are totally scrambled. Twitter, thou hath forsaken me....
Wow thanks !! Hope to see you again soon =)
probably shouldn't admit this publicly being a native NJian, but am finally getting around to listening to the Boss's Nebraska. so. good.
bought my #SoListen skin! Hope I get an autographed one <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
RT : That one friend that can make anything funny just by the way they talk.
"It's often said a young child is like a sponge, but...a sponge can be wrung dry, while everything that goes into a child stays there."
Pacers don't want to win
Yes! I will be looking soon at
Homework time is what I dread most about my day.
Results! RT : My daughter is at softball practice. I'm sitting in the car (where it's warm) getting some work done.
Ha had a great laugh today hahaha
All the money in the world wouldn't change my opinion of AFP. You are liars who spend millions to brainwash the uneducated.
That's a great giveaway! Love the glasses :)
LOL have you listen to any of the mixtapes
Deadline extended Regents College #London until March 15, but don't hesitate! #bestsummerever is awaiting!
good luck!!! Hoping for anther championship!! Lol.
In Disney world!!
I wonder why museums don't put up blunt signs: "We welcome photos! Share yours here [insert hashtag, etc.]
Eileen Collins, 1st woman to pilot a #space shuttle is a Webster grad. We r v proud of her & all the other alums who work on space missions!
Lol...smh. What was that feeling again??
On a positive note the #WIUnion emergency response system works better then magic
Scared me for a minute! I thought you said George Zimmerman !
Thanks Dani you got me there! :D
I backdate my good morning texts like a paycheck. So when its really over its not a surprise.
We think 1 of our delicious subs is a great way to start off a week. Come see us & we'll feed your body & soul!
omg you got them??
Thank You Soror!!
Reparative aka Gay Therapy is the worst thing ever for children/teens. It boarders on abusive. Tisk tisk parents
Thanks much for the follow. Following you back.
Hi Carol. I'm a caregiver, too. My husband is disabled-- we do home dialysis.
18:27 Taking care of business now
See ya in a couple hours!!! RT : At the track for race day 1 of the FKCS World Championships.... (Circus Music Follows)
I wish people would keep their mouths shut, unless they really know whats going on.
Girl... you spent years in Minnesota... you should know that!!
OH: i can say, "do you have the check? otherwise, it's hawaiian shirt day!"
Always treat your employees exactly as you want them to treat your best customers. -Stephen R. Covey
lmao #POABK: problems of a band kid
thank you :)
Actually I was just remarking about how you can't serve my needs w/o unlimited data. What's the limit?
I'm thinking stalberg with the game winner and if so you deserve all the credit.
I've barely tweeted today what is wrong with me. I must be getting sick
Im up here making potato chips I already smashed the first batch now im waiting on the second one to get done
you buying coffee?
Anyone going to CLA, MLA (MA), MLA (ME), RILA, or BEA? See you there! #tiredalready :)
Happy Thanksgiving twitter peeps!!!
Fun! Will you stop at Wall Drug for supplies? Drive through the Badlands? Have a great time....
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!38
Josh Dupont & Francie Phelps busting out the tunes right now!
free at noon what's the word bro ?
If you're craving bacon, we will serve you a waffle with bacon on it.
What&amp;#39s Aquaponics and How Should it Change Your Life
the #britishopen is wide open right now, well see if anyone can pull away tmrrw but itll more interesting to see who makes a run on sunday
Owners with more than one #dog shouldn't treat them as equals as pack position is important to a #dog, this only encourages imbalance
so can call brad paisley about the nashville flood, but can't make a public statement. u should be ashamed
Encore faceted searching, sometimes problematic because of conflicting master records
Bitch stop texting me
Ctfu!RT : Actually yeah...let me give him a call, thx for reminding me. ;-) RT : wanna fuck?
When others get mad because I don't give a fuck <<<<<<<
Design isn't subjective, you guys.
What has been imagined cannot be unimagined.
Is speshul snowflake gonna have a hawt love interest w a dark past, but she's so different and speshul that she changes him?
good luck with the blog I can't wait to read it
Ambition>Swag
yeah I unfollow cause you weren't following me! Very simple
OMG! I can totally picture you getting your Pony on!!!
Good morning twitter!!!
Its official. Another bedroom in our house will be filled in about 6 months. Baby #2 is on the way!
base href - it's so simple that I forget it exists, but it's so useful!
he would destroy u...discount double check
tweet and learn
I prefer sashimi as well - nothing better than a plate of sashimi salmon, tuna, and white fish
true, but they have to be similar enough to attend each others events:)
Never have I ever..
Check your Fb inbox
Dinner with Broadcaster Geroge Matthews!!! Check out www.jacketbackers.org for full details!!
Not sure, listen to a few :)
I love me some penis
Music always get the best of me
Taylor leads the way with 5 points
I'll definitely take you up on that...
can u roll me a doobie and I will come pick it up if that cool
Well...The New iPad is nice, but it's on it's third hour downloading and installing the GarageBand app, and it's still not finished yet. :(
I was hungry tho....bout to hop in my bed and go nite nite. Work in the am
You're welcome. Thanks for the generous comments.
Wait. I'm supposed to be eating at least 2200 calories to lose weight. I'm not coming close to that most days. smh. No wonder I'm hungry.
my phone finally decided to act right and send the e-mail
will you be in Austin for ? We'd love to have you as a VIP guest for our show
Q should be offended. kanye talks, not sings, talks on top of music that other people composed.
and go where lol u wanna go but got no destination lol
Nope! I am with TrimBody when you coming by? :) also come to my birthday on the 23rd at Bare and Jet
Thank you so much. I know was very lucky to have him that long and the memories are a big pillow for the pain. XOX
To enhance our shelter residents opportunities to succeed, we partner with reliable community agencies that offer additional services
Feelin like I might need to grab some patron
I feel like every time, it gets a little bit more Cray. Haha. It can only get better from here!
It will be fun watching the Hawks defense destroy LaMichael for a few years before he gets knocked out of the NFL.
So much is happening. Weddings, condos, festivals, cruise and a trip to the hospital. I can't take much more. :)
RT : News to Me appraising going well in MA Region 4! I'm ready for some more OMG moments!
Two years ago today I moved to Bali from Virginia. Quit my job, sold everything, and haven't looked back!
I was really looking forward to it. I was hoping uecker was going to break that out.
Randy Travis singing 'I told you so'... Yum.
it has to offer and....
cool! What do you play?
The Uni Custard last night was fabulous. Butter, salty, rich and wonderful
“: No matter what time of day any time I'm in this apt I'm in pjs and socks. #ihateclothes” you are not alone!
Dad cab for cutie
u gotta have stars on yo team can't win a championship by yoself
hi Bailey!
": So hungry, and I have nothing but burnt popcorn to eat.fmll" Damn...this Captain Harvey's is so good! Lol
Have a GREAT weekend everyone. I'm gone!
Thank you! We are all safe, thank God!
Its raining, its pouring, my old man is snoring, he went to bed this morning.
well that goes to prove how gay you are rachel from france. Listen to "the police" if u like more gay music
Working on the new album :)
Why can't I add a note?
Count De Monet - Sir, the peasants are revolting! King Louis - You said it. They stink on ice.
Bed Head & Sexy Hair are not just classifcations - they're also great product lines
Nothing like hiring movers and watching them break their backs moving your stuff....lemonade in hand, of course
A big problem of mine is that im too nice to people who dont deserve it.
Great leaders plan for contingencies.
Wut does the Oregon Duck got I ain't got besides a cartoonish appeerance? grrrrrrrr
well hell yes Jen!!! LOL!!!
I want to learn how to hula dance
Jim Morrison, Kurt Cobain, Janis Joplin, Jimi Hendrix, and now #amywinehouse. All amazing artist who died at the age of 27.
Fact - it would be cheaper on Ebay.
Aden Dauchess: steps for a lawyer who wants to develop personal brand...specifically identify wants and how they fit into firm brand.
Go Phoenix Coyotes, Go!!
yoyoyo what time do you think ull be hitn the stage tonight
not yet, but you will be in XXL top 9.
I Wanna Go To Vegas For My Birthday...
I still confuse him and Howard Sudberry sometimes
I just love being able to relax while on break! :-)
It will get better.
James Lipton looks pretty good for 85 (!!!!)
Good morning i guess....
Best part of "we are the 99%" -- the revival of the concept of WE.
Work It is matchmaking event this morning. Great crowd. Look for story tmrw. in and in Monday newsletter.
well said, well said. no idea how someone can bash a team they supposidly liked all year long.
Money, just so he's still unbeaten when Pacqiouo sends him into dreamland.
Welcome to my twitter page mothafucka whatchu want
15 minutes give or take and not yet. -abbie
keep us in mind next month... a healthier pizza option for your members!
hey how are you! If you like ADTR check us out and follow us!! :-)
Championship Saturday for Girls Team Camp! Come out to the field house to cheer on your team today!
Goddamn life is good lately!!! Happy chickens :)
Words of great wisdom, sir. :)
My gf wants to break up wth me cse I'm rooting for #Patriots ... Silly girl
heard on BirdNote. Happy Bday #William Shakespeare
RT : I'm marrying this woman. She's awesome. RT : Suck it up, wimp!
As a PM, this is offensive: "We won't expect you to program.. but knowing what the terms MySQL, PHP, & Drupal refer to would be helpful."
can you please follow me im a big fan ! pleasee
#JDaddyFact Justin Says when a Girl is sad that they should listen to His music Because it'll be good for there heart . :)
using a law book as a coaster does not equal studying. Just sayin'.
Who's ready for da new years tweet me bk nd let me know
#Gators dominating the tourney. 2nd round: 26 points win. 3rd round: 34 points win. Sweet sixteen: 10 point win.
Can't wait to get my voxbox next month!
Thank you sir!! Im glad you like it! :)
Thanks! I just did it and it was super useful!
Oh, and every sick track that drunk me put on my iPod the other night was straight from , so you should probably check them out.
saw that, I have a year membership though :/
ive hit a follow limit
WOW! tips are important!
Going to take a nap for an hour or so, and then it's off to Spaulding/Grand for two hours of lovely train action from 4:10-6:10. ;)
Training Myth: You're not training hard enough if you aren't completely exhausted by the end of your workout.
“<U+E057> #Imagine *having a pillow fight* You: I'm gonna kill you!!! JB: Not if i kill you first. ;) *takes shirt off* You: *DEAD*”<U+E410><U+E106>
I believe their inability to contain TCU's passing game caused them to lose
Take heart. Heartbeats. As in, inhale, exhale. Inspired; it's just a little more force to be making sound. Which is singing. Yes, even you!
#klout released an official iPhone app. We are underwhelmed. what are your thoughts?
no time warner msg
So psyched! RT : ...& double barline. will premiere "Pale As Centuries" 10/16 as part of
It's a beautiful day! Pick up basketball on your mind? How about yoga in the park? Do it all with !
Love that you're making this so accessible
Good Night Tweeters!! (:
That poor dude! Haha.
Weetabix to sell 60% to Chinese firm
I LOVE THIS SONG LIKE I LOVE BALLIN FREESTYLE..THE BEST TALENT COMES FROM THE MIDWEST CHECK ME OUT
is on tweet limit and know cuz this is herD: omfg I hate this!!!! How long does it last??):
shout out to yossi #talented UP AN COMING producer
Ever wonder what it's like to be a film critic? Watch this weekend for a classic Sneak Previews episode 'Going To The Movies With A Critic!'
I just did work on my moms house while we were there. Just opened a wall for a serving area between kitchen and family room. lol
stay strong!! Everything will be okay! #Praying for you and your family
thinking about getting lasic eye surgery..getting tired of these contacts..
I think, If it's convenient, more people in Rochester should take the bus. It's cheap, clean, & comfortable. There's nothing not too like.
make sure you read the "wasn't" right. :)
don't forget about us in san diego!
I know, it's been a great response. Bravo 2U and your great product! And many thanks for all the support through , also:)
I'll be there Saturday and will give a full report :-))
Thanks for him. But most importantly thanx for defying imaginations by being a PERFECT mom.
Wade!! And 1!
that's awesome! Can't wait to come to the opening. I'm well, thanks. Hope all is well you're way :)
I HATE PEOPLE WHO MENTIONS ME VIRUS. I get so excited and then i see those stupid tweets.. ugh -.-
Optimism is the madness of insisting that all is well when we are miserable
Toyota gets most Florida, New York acceleration claims dismissed Toyota won dismissal of most claims by Florida and New York car owners w
Oh shoot I just saw this! Lol
Like wisky and the under 2nite but i haven't won in a month so what the hell do i know?
Follow my big brother , especially if you're Mexican and like food.
Just because it's the only facial hair you have....
Discussing the rhetoric about planking and tiebowing... I love my major!
All it took was one minute and six seconds to make this a great day.
Nice meeting you and having lunch at the Flash Bus Tour!
lol ...ANYWAYS, point is..it aint as bad as it sounds
Woman how come yal get mad if a dude looks at u but den yal come out with stuff like da Ahh Bra/Genie bra lmao #makeup yal minds
The only solution I see is that we rebel against the Today Show.
Convenient and User-Friendly Mobile GPS Tracking with LandAirSea Systems ... - Sacramento Bee
no problem everything is great in NYC !
"Every time I see your face my heart takes off on a high speed chase" <3
#Bizforum in the speed/quality debate, I think we call all agree to violate the code and say .... It depends :)
A shame that Hue Jackson got fired. I liked him. At the same time, you don't trade two first rounders (potentially) for Carson Palmer...
Strolling through Bayview & walked past an old man with his fly down just peeing mindlessly in the middle of the sidewalk.
Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Packers way to show up tonight.
8 essays left to grade. Today's total so far: 3.
Huntsman: Took flack for serving w/ Obama, but it is a tradition he was raised with.
Well I just got in a car crash.
interesting case study.
RT : Hey homies. MKE Traffic and CHI Traffic apps for Android are in the works! We'll keep you posted on the release dates.
what you think you don't got it nomore!
President of Costa Rica talking about Entrepreneurship and Low Carbon Economy. Go
Guise imma delete soon . Juss telling you now .
Deep inside its killin me, but soon its gonn be killin you
me & Illa should be able to make it. U wanna come thru to meet up & we'll ride together?
I am in fact wearing a hoodie right now & will be making one on cafe press that says "Immature But Rich - The Zuck " in a min.
I won't ever forget you.
Same! #lovinit RT: : First bare leg day of the season!
10/15/2010 Lessons Learned at Business of Software MicroISV on a shoestring
How u want a real nigga when ur hair fake and nails fake!
guess who just got invited to an event by the Birmingham Media Networking Group
I'm a TOTAL nerd. :)
Awh this man said I looked like al b sure at #UWG ...
SPYmouse and Maze finger are some really fun free apps too, you should try them out(:
Very welcome! Have a great weekend.
#FF this guy! Great automotive news! The stuff you really wanna see!
"World domination is such an ominous phrase. I prefer to call it 'world optimization'"
Don't think about 17 yet!!
Happy Birthday and congrats on the booking!!
Check out FEMS Magazine, Fashion Events Music & Sports updates. We're growing and we'll only get better soon
was great meeting rick rubin @ nypl defjam event last night.. i played on demo tracks for one of his bands over 15yrs ago,
I'm done w/ this bullshit.
right on, see you at The Double Door!
your welcome :) what tequila you sippin on?
can't wait!!! Tomorrow night..Go24!!!
applying for two internships, an exhibition, and a j-o-b
The previous presenter gave a shout-out to the MediaKron project BU was selected for. I'm very excited to be working on that.
Have a great time Makiba!
T Minus 0 and still waiting...
Still can't believe how bad we got beat last night!!
Thanks. I'll tell Gio to email you guys
PervsRT : those are good! RT : ArmadaNica I have never tried it myself, but I love clams
just bring it tommarow
#herewebuild an coupon app where you can see all the special offers for #HereWePurple. Qponomics is Free on your smartphone.
Enjoyed the Australian Open Tennis & Super Bowl over the weekend!
Griselda Blanco ha its funny how her last name was
excitement excitement is all i can say for today
HA you know it;D
They are live. Did you get the link?
The couple who trains together stays together. Happy Valentine's Day from Team STH!
Maybe donate to smaller not-for-profit arts orgs instead. Their staff often work 4 free or 4 a pittance to keep doors open
so ridiculously excited for #edcampss tomorrow!!!! can't wait to meet and share ideas w/ others who love what they do :)
those bitches are crazy if they think their gonna win!!!
Craig Mundie pitching same $MSFT "empowerment" story. Real empowerment in government lets me alter the platform provider.
That's such good news! RT Very excited about the number of applicants for our new #prssasdsu chair positions!
Looked like a ton of guys! Cool done in 2 days. Sounds good on Wed. Hope everything else is going well for y'll!
RT : It is a good morning. And the world is better because you are here. Thanks For Listening!
#idol - The judges are in the tank for Joshua. If he wins it will be a huge mistake, similar to Fantasia who has done nothing in her career.
Capcom vs Namco plz be true im about to lose my lunch cuz of this
Happy Cyber Monday
I kno the game and the console
for the $11.22 payment today. You rock!
BK: same feeling. Different year.
Hey hey heeeyyyy
Oh Friday night... We shall see...
No wait, don't go back to the hair perv in that way!!!
Who is going to curate music? Experts in institutions? Musicians? Everyone? Seeing these same themes over and over at
lol a lot boa
im in 100 percent!
Why is every mlk blvd. #ghetto ? Every city , state, never fails !
Come see us at both locations for Small Business Saturday!!!
yep you did I'll send a message on Facebook with more details today sorry I've been slammed -Dom
Thank you for the kind words!!! It means so much to us! We want you to audition for the role of ring bearer!
RT salsa & merengue night at House of Blues in Houston. Reply #vivasalsa if you want to go I have free 200 tix.
Two workers exposed to mild radiation at federal building near TD Garden. Both expected to be fine. Scare over.
. We still need another FA wr, could be after draft tho. Another vet, rookie insurance
follow our friend
if only it was actually toasty. So much is mush.
i like toitles
listening to you right now!
Four words: white wine sweet butter. That's just one of the ingredients in our dinner special tonight, Baked Chicken Fresca. Just $14.95!
goodluck to the #Homewardva staff at the #naeh11 conference presenting
That's right--you're in the middle of that mess in NC, right? WI already has an amendment. Best of luck.
I'll send you a pic(; its a surprise for tomorrow
Tickets on sale today for Beer Hoptacular June 4&5 Aragon Ballroom Chicago!
I love YOU, my iBFF!
Our snow has turned into rain. That's okay too.
hahahaha sometimes I can't believe the things that come out of my mouth
Pretty certain you are the only person with this feeling but I'll check with Bill to confirm. Lol.
when's that next train...I'm tryna ride.
When did you get those?
Thanks for the heads up, got your submission request, we'll get you on there once I clean up a few of my other mistakes :)
I wanna put this video up of wiz on twitvid but I sound so sick -____-
So tired
Our poster is listing it as a launch party for our Teen Early Reads program. And it starts at 6 at Rockville Memorial Lib.
amen Mikey! Me neither i miss the beach
But that might result in a roster move to get a pitcher for Sunday.
“: for every step forward we take technologically we take two steps back intellectually”
Bitches be trippin, so I bought that hoe some shoe laces!
Ya I will be there! Can't wait!
Didn't realize the Morris A. Mechanic Theatre issue was being discussed by CHAP today. I may be here a while.
Let's go to Jersey and sell the #Jets fans Jesus Piece's. We could make a shizz load of money...
what you know bout that cuz? Lol
The latest issue of Vanity Fair mag
Ask a question about Latino education and watch for a response from 3-4 EST using
What the hell is "tebowing"????
I feel like this might be a conversation-changing discussion right here.
Thanks. ;) Maybe a litter bit. *rim shot* :B
Where the fuck are the tour dates?
RT : Rugby World Cup 2011 starts tomorrow!
Sorry, I don't do one-offs.
yes! Bathe it is sunday!
just did(: xo
Watching the TSA employees show up to work is scary! Gangsters and freaks! And this is who's responsible for our safety?!
If you're heading in soon allow extra time on Powell due to the crash on Kelly...let me know where it starts.
When I was 7 I was playing "construction worker" and stuck a screwdriver into an elect socket. Mom laughed. I cried...and shook violently.
For two hundred years we had sawed & sawed & sawed at the branch we were sitting on. And in the end… down we came. George Orwell
Fucking bitch, talk shit about my best friend again and get your ass beat..
Haha yep! & lol yeah, it's fine... I actually do this all the time. :p
Thanks for the RTs
Enjoy the conference, I'm not there today, but will be tomorrow and Fri
s.o "how was ur day?" me: "like a one legged man in an ass kicking contest"
back at cha, sister!
Frank's Red Hot clears my sinuses a little too good.
gunshots In New York? Is there a parade of some sort?
One player was lost because he broke his nose. How do you go about getting a nose in condition for football?
We have enrolled over 300 students in our LA program!! Thanks to all of our #volunteers for their #dedication, #commitment, & #service!
Right now! thanks for keeping me compnay sweetheart you're the best everyone else is asleep goodnight lovely
He might say that, but he'd be lying. I think it's time you start practicing for his next birthday party.
Oh hai Lindsay Lohan.
Thanks for the retweet!
By the way, Atlanta Music Project is on Twitter! Give them a shout and a follow
What are the top songs on your "recently played" list?
Good morning its storming like crazy and i dont got no umbrella YOUNG,WILD&FREE
Best ice cream sandwiches+great night of music RT: Find us on 5th&Congress at #TheWarnerSound 6p-1a at LaZonaRosa.
That was honestly the worst dream I could had ever had.
Mickeys Dairy Bar next to Camp Randall. Nothing better!
Learning a lot about myself, my friends and family keep me hungry and humble
will Aaron Rodgers continue to use Tom Clements as "his QB" coach; even though title will be OC?
Life is a mystery but that's what makes it interesting.
Jamming to your ipod and dancing in the back seat.. my dads reaction WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU ON.
Black people did not create the word swag...it's just the word swagger shortened....
so the pound sign is to start a trend?
thought right. :P
i'LL DO HiM THE HONOR &&ND BE HiS WiFE...<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>
Music is my #1 cuz it never let me down and is ALWAYS dere.
“: Can we stop calling it Wildcat? He's a QUARTERBACK!” ..... Kinda, sort of, but not so much
you have a sexy ass boyfriend!!
Thank you so much, I appreciate the feedback!
how about lunch?
thank you! I love you too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
get ur doc to write u valtrex if u have multiple ones that wont go away
Hahaha surprise Carson Daily!
Lucky you. Have fun and bring home a W.
Without enough antioxidants in your diet, you can be exposed to free radical damage. Eat more beans, cabbage and cilantro.
The ego resists. The soul surrenders.
#Ilovemymombecause She believed in me when I didn't even believe in myself.
Trust me don't be a thrid wheel!one of my BFFs left me for popularity and I always had her back
When Is That Love Come Down Video Coming Out?
Teens, tomorrow's Coffee House has acoustic music from Jason Ferguson & a paper crafting demo. 7-11pm, 311 S. Madison. FREE!
What exactly does the VIP access buy?
I love you all so much
If people insist it's a scandal for HHS to hire spox Tait Sye, then I insist we call that scandal TAIT-GATE
UK and Cuse both win out. Who gets #1 overall in your opinion?
awesome thanks! Awaiting one last repair on my new printer but think I'll be investing in that and hopefully a ricoh soon!
I'm tryin to let go of the past, should we make this one a double? You ain't even gotta ask cuz its hard to say no.. <3
Just out of curiousity has anybody, especially those in my area, come across any mayflies? Just curious.
Dude, you called me an ass...who started the insults?? I find it sad you have to insult anyone who disagrees with you.
Regardless if I'm LGBT, or not, I'm pragmatic and a survivor. The last thing I need #uppers is a person like that in office.
Just saw "A Walk to Remember.." THE saddest movie I've ever seen besides the Notebook or the Last song. I cried like a baby. #sowhat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
good morning world. time to shuffle many hats throughout the day. Just sent off some outfits for shooting.... so much more to do.
How into your workout can you be if you're reading a book at the same time
Respect you a lot but disagree re Rand's female characters-- flat, stilted, cartoony. Rand used them to move her bizarre...
Close. Inner-city lacrosse clinic!
No plans as of yet but keep checking in!
No, sorry.
Ha! That's awesome. Maybe we should do a brief bellydance lesson at PLN tomorrow, and record it for posterity.... :D
Wondering why I'm wide awake at 2:40am when I have a busy day Monday and need to sleep.
No, I currently am not living in LA...but if I was I would have brought them in person ;)
Ok, I see you. Get it white girl!
I'm just here for the free food and the free beer. I don't give a fuck about this game.
trader joe's frozen spinach quiche is amazing
The car crash that is the Jets is now an interstate pile up. Dear Mr Hess, I know your dead but please come back
I'm late and I normally don't follow this stuff but I'm watching the replay of #RHOA and GOOD FOR YOU !!! Good Luck!
Teeth Cleaning Special with full x-rays only $49 call Dentistry of Del Mar (858) 793-7107 www.dentistryofdelmar.com
People we are thankful for: the amazing DP
Four days until pitchers & catchers report! <U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE>
how youngboul ponytail popping a wheelie then hitting it with an endo?
Is it just me, or did that episode of #DowntonPBS steal its plot from Days of Our Lives?!
absolutely brother :)
wait till you see what we've got coming up for you. you're gonna love it! Thanks for you follow! xox
What is it with turkeys and the Episcopal Church? A gaggle was spotted at St. Dunstan's this week.
Worse than Heathrow
yo we will make u a dope a$$ song for real !!!!! contact us we could make some money togather...
Yayyy glad you're happy about it! :D
Lets go #Knicks lets do this!
Recording the voice.. can't watch it until tomorrow morning. Nobody ruin it for me. :3
Speakers now chuckling that most people can't benefit from this advice as most cloud services offer non negotiable terms.
i love that song
enjoyed chopping it up and talking shop today at the studio - holler at us for any marketing needs
NE was really cold. Too cold. My finger just thawed out. weather here is awesome last season
Pretty boy Brady or little Peyton? Doesn't matter who you like as long as you
Maurice Sendak on Colbert = the highlight of my day. He's on tomorrow night too.
The egg white flatbread breakfast sandwiches at Dunkin' are actually...really awesome.
aha found the entire cast of the hunger games on instagram :D and they aint fake:))
"The Black Mamba can score in his sleep."
Idkkkkk where u goinnnn or when u comin homo i left the keys under the mat to our front doooorrrr
#FF *new* blogging pals Hope y'all join if you haven't already!
Thank u we appreciate the support but did u know was playing on u can listen n Thurs 8 to 10pm
There are enough people like that in the world that kids in particular key into. Adults ignore it more.
Long day ahead of mr
LOL RT ": #badsexaward #shortlist "'I came,' she said. 'I noticed.' 'My mother told me it didn't happen for women.'""
No love found
I think you will!!!:)
Sleep is a better writer than Awake.
Floatin in & out
Only 1 play tonight. Lines were kinda sketchy so wasn't gonna force anything. One late game bomb though
yay ! can't wait to hear what they think about them :)
duly noted...and I will retweet! Thanks so much for your time!
lol. That wasn't bad at all.
Happy birthday ! Love you!
#YouCuteAndAllBut Not That Cute.
I miss you God bless how are you?
are tickets still available at the door for todays event in asbury?
;o i bet u can do betta then that : ) takes some time : ) Im suckish at math..i use to get c's in math now i get b's : )
RT : 29% of teens in grades 9 through 12 report that illegal drugs were made available to them on school property.
you suck.
If I let you merge in traffic, you best be wavin'.
Wisconsin Commercial Real Estate Women (WCREW) Showcase Awards tonight. Very excited!
What's happening twitter family?? Hope your week is starting off well. If not, just remember, it's only day 2.
By the fireplace, continuing to flip thru book of dog breeds: German Doberman. "prone to insanity." Hmm. Why did come to mind?
We're praying!
first week of course work down. this is going to be a long semester!
Plies new mixtape finna b sum heat
How do you respond when someone tells you they seriously believe there will be a race war within 5 years? That's extra crazy.
Is that their new one that's coming out soon?
Looking at new office spaces, our studio needs to relocate soon! If you know of anything in the Flatiron area, let me know.
Great deal on Sonic Burgers today! Get FIVE(5) Sonic Burgers for $5.95 after 5pm. Only #Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd. No other discounts
#ihavenorespect for man that r bi there is no such thing u njest dont wonna be called gay
I still don't get it. Is this like the 13 NCs that Bama claims but doesn't really have? Lol
I deserve that.
Do or Do not, there is no try
Nine clues given out, only two found so far.
Million dollar catch phrase ": "Your friends call you crunchy granola""
it's grapes !
just arrived at the art institute on Milwaukee and buffalo! come get some fresh organic juices!
R.I.P. Whitney Houston!! U will always be an amazing talent with the angelic voice!
All this action to protest #SOPA is inspiring. Where was it for #NDAA 2012 and the #PATRIOT act renewal?
definitely girly! And I miss you too, its been ages!
its ready
I was so happy to have seen you today!
Open this Sunday, November 21, from 11 am to 4 pm. We will be open on Sundays from now to the end of the year.
Good morning . Time to start my day.
I swear apple is just trying to ruin my life.
I got u..I remember we were texting a while back n I think u got a bf or something. What happened:(
LOLs from all when when she said everyone attending brunch is some kind commissioner.
Won't you teleport to me...
Disappointed that Netflix Instant does not have Big Bang Theory. Just another fail for Netflix.
- Al, I just watched the Today show and I believe you are getting better looking
Lookin forward to game on friday
What's #Pujols gonna do? Stay w/ the #Cardinals? #Marlins? #Angels? Anxious to find out!
I think I can improve on this one...
haha when I first got into SHINee in 2010 and heard Minnie for the first time I was like who that lol
Oh, I didn't know!
enjoy being home! Way to introduce C.J. Into this world...with some football!
I'm cooking tonight :)
Clam Cannery is a short commute from Seattle or Victoria. Port Townsend also has an international airport located 15 min from the property.
Damn. It's been a minute, hasn't it? Did you change your twitter name?
"No steam or gas drives anything until it is confined. No life ever grows great until it is focused, dedicated, disciplined."
How nice is it to be ensconced in a sturdy 4WD in a snow storm? Nice. Very nice. CR-V made me very happy tonight.
S/O to lukee for waking me up -_-
Q6. First Twitter friend you've met or hope to meet in real life
Wilbon and "Korny"! I love you guys! :) make my 5:30-6:00pm the greatest part of my day!
good morning alex!(: have an amazing day<3
hahaha as soon as my phone games kill my battery I'm out of here
you should read ahead in your textbooks for next semester thats what I would do. learning is fun!
at least u got a part:] and it's ok to be nervous! I remember my very first time auditioning and performing…super nervous!
shut up
if all it took was a couple dollars... for u to not fk w/ me... then luv my nigga lol...
. rattles off a long list of #CFB teams on probation in response.
Every party has a pooper and pooper is my boyfriend :( fml.
this is awesome.
per press China and India will pass USA and EU in the marketplace
27st has at least 4 inches of standing water at Howard ave.
Are you happy I introduced this line to you?
Whenever I wear my backstreet boys shirt I hope people are aware that I'm wearing it sarcastically.
<waves hi> How are you?
Any team named #Rangers can kiss my ass. So can #Dallas, #NYC and the "fans" of said teams & cities.
Goodbyes Made You Mine By JT Hodges Is Good! <U+2764>
RT : 2012 #hhawards for Outstanding Set Design, Resident Production goes to...Shakespeare Theatre's Much Ado About Nothing
Ha, caught that too. Sign me up!
#Sony #PlayStation breach leveraged by #APT (Advanced Persistent Threats) to exploit credentials of employees of targeted companies
Check out www.TheActingBiz.com, a Social Network dedicated to connecting Actors, Industry Players and Investors to get the PROJECT MADE!
so growing up, instead of saying u smell like outside, we said "undun smell lk Tony and Willie." We still say that to this day!
It was a day full of studying + book club + filing taxes.
Pains me 2 disagree, but even Dr. Ralph loses me. Saw him at Ryman w a LONG Carter-related recitation. Sweet, yes, but maudlin
Less hostilities, please! RT : I want to love and Tweet u right
<U+E326>we gotta be making love instead of breaking up baby come on let me show you I'm for real lay in my bed<U+E022>
GRAND SLAM!!!
Yesterday with my dad & my brothers the twos very happy
So excited about this weekend!!!
christianity facts
Hi Lynne! Recently finished & enjoyed Scottish poet Jackie Kay's memoir, "Red Dust Road," ....
thats funny mann.. Im done! I cant be bothered anymore lol
BOOKED a principal role of typical Sicilian-Italian Mom in her 1st Indie FEATURE, The Year of the Locusts written/directed by Carlo Mignano.
Let cater your #HolidayParties. 3-Foot Sub only $25. Wings, Salads, Pizzas and more.
Happy Mothers Day to the most amazing mother in the world... Mine! I love you Mama! :)
Listening to Wagner's Gotterdammerung on #wosu live from The Met. Oh those conniving Gibichungs.
hi how are u?
Tired of this, wait till i really leave
nukes noticeably absent from that pledge.
Are you in Toronto? I miss you and a good music scene!
SEE!! Jason Terry has a normal headband!!
Thanks for RT the JD Rockefeller quote.
#NYFA Kickstarter is amazing - we back projects all the time!
Joining the virtual applause for on his last day at Remember, Tommy, it really is a bit like Hotel California.
Last day at Arlington elementary. Never thought I'd spend time working in a school, but very grateful for it.
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us. -Earl Nightingale
I need to find me some Pirates Booty!!!
Even if wants to check me every time for liking bad boys!
Yo! Mark Nice meeting you & your wife Thanks for the support. Hope her birthday celebration was a hit! Cheers! Christian
Going to dance ~
thank you:)
I now have a reason to go to Lolla
4th game in 4 days let's Go O's we need this sweep who else is at the game today?
So sad when pathetic band dudes think spamming 's is going to make a difference. It's just sad. Especially on Easter weekend. (<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>)
Hell yeah. Lol i was talkin abt the Dis on why black Men don't date black Women on
The amount of flannel in this bar is reprehensible.
S. Alpers on Bellini: "(He) lived long enough that he was a kind of latecomer to his own style. "
Anyone know how your tweets can become your facebook status?
What did you think of ?
It's just heart breaking to see a casket three times smaller than any normal one.. Terrifying even.
Dirty mixed boys from dees need to stfu cause I don't play.
Gotta get at least 2 here right?
she's at my cousins house tonight. :o
Text me bacckkkkk. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
My body is killing me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
True words of Wisdom
different!! done!! have a bike/run brick on tap for brekki sunday!!
looking for a new agent/manager? find out what others have to say about them...
He spoke a grand total of 44 words on health care, according to
Could go for an early happy hour. Anyone know of any happy hours starting at 10am?
It's just me good ole Whorehey
Excited for the Subterranean show.
Today will be outside Caroline for lunch today! Come by between 11 and 2 and eat some delicious food served from a school bus.
So, Charter Review Commission? Interesting.
Time passes an you start to realize that death is concrete no way you can hide from it. Live in the moment not the past or future,simply now
Merry Friday Y'all! :)
Is that Scott David? lol
Twisting today at Prince Pizzeria rt 1 Saugus, Ma. from 12-1pm for Gannon and Cole's Birthday Party!
#fbadvocacy Ad targeting on FB drilling down to zip, party etc. (Only info shared by users)
Hey my NYC Tweeters... My man is selling 2 tickets to tommorrows Yankees vs. Twins game @ 7:05 @ the stadium! Section 212, row 1! $80 face v
we are currently connecting #pgh and #phi!
For every lb of U.S. by catch, expect 4 lb of by catch, thanks to Turtle Excluder Devices.
You should change your clock then all of Europe will change theirs!
the worst …
My new Einstein came in today! Thank you for your excellent
I don't love everybody . I just love those who love me .
Your state isn't off the hook either cuz! What the hell! Richard Mourdock?
G'nite... Congrats Kat fans... I'll leave the hate until tomorrow.
On the train. The woman sitting opposite me is doing her makeup. I want to say, "ma'am, you can put an eye out that way."
Welcome to the fun house, Heath! RT : Welcome to New York!!!!
Can it be a wine-straight-to-the-face #theresnopantslikepartypants kind of night? Or do I need to do less?
Help! Scrivener randomly compiles my chapters as one paragraph per page. Forum and user manual don't offer solutions
Wednesday's Sports in Brief (The Associated Press)
likewise, but I didnt have enough time with you
going to the second round!
Ha, thanks for asking! I bet you are happy I reply to you often! Ha! Well Italy is splendorous! Its accually very early!
loving sweet+savory bites for parties! mango+spicychicken, dates+cheese/bacon, + sig cocktail: jalapeño tequila+pineapple juice!
I'm just messing with u, Garick:)
RT : Great job members with welcoming everyone to #PRSMS. Seriously. Great job!
mom leavez blanket on leather one too. Cuz I do the "scratch and spin" before sleepinz
okay u havin fun
That's what I was thinking but I found a vepr ak rifle for the same price. Decisions, decisions
Beautiful. Thanks. :) RT The Midwest sends it back!
"The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.” <U+2015> Willie Nelson
Aww that sucks
Just ate a toco bell 12 pack
Sparring is on!
yo dude official awk after party tonight. Dm me for the address. Celebrate life!!
I enjoyed that movie much more than I thought I would. Yes, Emma Stone was awesome.
“: lmfao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> “: I think it's precious that 's best friend has an infatuation with me ;p””<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Why doesn't the Brown Line connect with the Blue at Montrose? We feel so isolated from you, #Westside :(
Just donated to sarahpac
Some would say that since the check comes as long as you tow the line, it's easier. But again, depends on the job.
Let's start the petition! Tell Cartmenez where to sign!
What IS WRONG with Fleury?
sorry to hear brother. Your uncle is in a better place now
Just got another piercing! I think I'm addicted.. Lol
New dishes in store 4/5! Get ready for #NicolesChickenPestoPasta w/ free range chicken, tons of veggies, whole wheat pasta, signature pesto!
Honestly this whole Trayvon business disgust me! Don't we all want a better world? #fight4justice!
Wolves are young enough. We need a vet scorer.
Has to be Hoof Hearted.
attending the premier of JOYFUL NOISE WARNER BROS @ Chinese theater Hollywood. Lovely after party...House of blues.
have an awsome day all
Just saw a blood drive in a Krispy Kreme parking lot. I assume this is to replenish from the bypass surgery.
My Dad & I Beat 5 Dollars On The OKC & Laker Game . I Got OKC ! #LetsGo !
gotta take some "me" time now and then.
You've got some balls making fun of my bestfriend right infront of me.
I can't wait to feel better.
Thanks for the tweet about GoingOn. Let me know if you're interested in a demo. Would love to get your feedback.
25 Days till Auditions for QTC Summer Teen Workshops April 30 and May 1 Suffolk Street , NYC.This is gonna be an amazing summer!
I drink because remembering is overrated.
RT : Looking for some tips about using color in your home? Check out our blog about decorating with color....
I hope the #Rangers win tonight! I admittedly, usually don't pay much attention to hockey but even I'm excited for tonight's game!
DC celebrity sightings this wkend: Gingrich and Scalia at 's Werther last night, Jose Andres at Dupont Circ. farmers market this am
my #ff is for he needs to get on that and start following Ice T
Most important person to give control to is yourself-for it's that sense that you are in control that lets you give control to others.
RT Damn. just ate 's apple fritter. Next item up for bid: a set of envelopes.<<<---Oops.
Tonight was fun
aw I love koalas(:
How many of you think your tattoos are symbols of your personality and who you are??
Since I can dunk and can't whistle, give me the art of whistling like Phil Jackson.
For anyone curious about my last question regarding slipstream, the answer is (apparently) no
A rolling stone can gather no moss.
no worries, politics is strategy as much as we would all like idealism. May the best man/woman/animal win!
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do.
A solution, even! “: Haber: "Technology has always been a problem." I thought it was an opportunity. #bcltorphanworks”
Oops, I see that you are not a girl! Sorry, my aging eyes were looking at a tiny pic when I sent that tweet!
RT #conv12 Microsoft integrated its consumer technologies into the enterprise setting << excellent to do that (client)
Aw, shucks. You're welcome. killed it!
I'd never get elected. I'm a virgin who still lives with his mother. Not enough scandal.
Starting A Business, Beyond QR Codes, Facebook Updates And More...
Ya'll already know.
Wow...bring back memories....DMV most def got that 'slap'...SICK!!!!
Party on a boat...
Walked out of school today and came across a circle of guitars and people shouting the lyrics to "Say It Ain't So". whatisthisidonthipster
its raining here
what are you doing thursday night?
Thanks everyone who came out last night!!
well Duh
White castles & taco bell bout 2 make too much money 2day #4/20
And 's Everything Money segment returns. We want you tweeps to hit us with your scariest personal finance questions. Go!
HAHAHAHA I LOVE IT!!!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Titanic <--- do all you can for her & still end up being the motherfucker to freeze to death -_-
I'd just say 'whats up , I've got $50 for compromising green-coat photos' - it's just like how tabloids get their photos
bruised larynx...could of silenced the voice forever!
AZTECS! RT : Getting ready to head to the tilted kilt @ 10 am to watch the 11 am SD State game vs BYU...GO SDSU AZTECS WOOHOO
Stupid combat boots make my feet uglier each time
new version out. password protected posts are safely loaded.
is so cute!
dont worry i will i think its gonna b more black girls on the team then white girls
lol jk, back to bville because the pub only had breakfast sandwiches from 10-10:30? whatever, guess you don't get my money then!
So the random band that's been all over my Dropkick Pandora station is playing at this weekend. Tickets acquired.
class 2014 ready to show all PG's how to really play this position
KRONWALL! that was PAINFUL to watch. ok boys let's use this momentum.
This quickly disappearing pint of malted vanilla ice cream from is the bee's knees.
I've been an 11:11 catching demon lately. Got like 30 wishes waiting to come true.
somebody feel'n themselves
Did you sing along to every song?
Good Luck Warhawks! Bring home another National Championship!
When you try and get someone off your mind is when you most think about them the most
isn't that every night for you? ;)
Happy Birthday!
Peace, Love,& Habitat to all.
Watching #geeklove Everyone needs someone!
How many times will Naturi Naughton play a hooker or hooker-adjacent?
jus pick the time and ima surprise u widd the place ;)
What a pickle I'm in.
Yosemite survival kit: Beer, beer jerky, nuts and clif bars.
FAV tagline from Puzzlejuice the word app says this game "will punch your brain in the face"!!
Dear Swiss Cake Rolls, I heard you calling my name at Walgreen's. Not sorry for ignoring you this time. Yes, we're breaking up. -Resl
getting close to the full set! nathan fillion will be impossible...
Twitter brake
Hi there 2famousTV
#Heartattack Smoking Withdrawal Shows Up in Brain Mood Centers Title: Smoking Withdrawal Shows Up in Brain Mood Centers Category: Health Ne
What is up with the sport shows stating Kansas would have won if there were a couple minutes to go?
life is good bezzie! Thank God I'm alive. How's college life?
and your chance is gone.
Want to sell beats online? Here's how.... 1. Find something that works 2. Apply it to your website 3. Scale it.
email sent waiting for reply
Coming out on the other side of detoxing...feeling good!
Please consider weather conditions when choosing your restaurant. The closer the restaurant is to you the greater chance it arrives sooner.
ugh, no bueno y'all
#rets attendees please note that the rooms listed on crowdvine aren't always correct. Check the printed schedule.
Two Plus Two was not hacked. Mason Perma banned self and everyone! has found out Mason is a droid is dissecting him!
Hope you had a Happy Birthday!
Thank you for connecting with us!
Today already nuts. The carpet guys are here making noise, we have snow, Bella started blowing her coat and it's GIRL DAY! Retail therapy!
you got it, alex! Give me 10 minutes! Thanks for listening!!!!
In my seat for #Cinequest screening of #Shuffle. Very excited to see !
i would if i had a ride!
Reminiscing things
#youknowitsthattimeofthemonthwhenwhen u wake up in the morning, n go 2 the bathroom, the toilet looks like a freaking bowl of Hawaiian Punch
Great discussion yesterday. We must address college affordability.
Using Windows 7 and Office 2010 for the first time. I will admit, it looks cool and works smoothly on even my big monster files.
Honesty can be contagious. It takes one to open up first to start a chain reaction of honest precedings
Mavs have won 11 straight and still find themselves 2nd to 19-3 #gospursgo who keep the franchise's fast start going with win against Hawks.
": ": Just noticed my sis thinks she's blasted though" ---ayyyy I've been getting hit!" Jelly/:
Aha dayan is an interesting boy ;) lol going to bed..big day tomorrow <3 ^_^
Follow Back,Please (:
LOLs, post Os game BaltoCounty people who don't know which light rail train doesn't go north of North Avenue. This is the SHORT TRAIN!
Seriously #Rochester these two dogs (mickey and shadow) will steal your heart! Plz come visit them and see for yourself!
He is our portion and we are His prize... Oh, how He loves us...
are you serious? I haven't even started lol
Hahahaha! I know what they are! Haha!
USF Botanical Gardens Fall Plant Sale this weekend. Dr. Michelle Williams in for a green bag lunch lecture there on the 20th.
All Black Everything
“: Ahh so hype ma cuzn finally here” yea
Sweeny Todd, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, dark shadows and The Corpse Bride
"It's uh mad, mad world dat we're livin' in. Gotta keep yah heads up high, can't be givin' in."
LOL the suspense is killing us. Happy Saturday, get moving and go out.
Telling a woman you got struck by lightening in the crotch may not be the best pick up line at #SMSK... tickets on sale Thursday
As drunk as I was, I still managed to utter "DO not disrespect me" a million times as they laughed like demons would at a suffering sinner..
You got it! We def want a good deal! Will come in when we get back in town. Opens in Feb/Mar?! Even better!!!
You are welcome!
2NIGHT ITS TWITTER THURSDAYS W/ BDAY PARTY! THE ONLY PLACE 2 B 2NIGHT!
Sunday night at Krave Talent Show...$100 to the winner!!! Let's take the win again TF!! SALUTE!!!
I know! You think Oosthuizen's going to pull this one out?
Yeah and I think jobe and Turbo and someone else was on teams against me you and someone else.
Good Day All…
Can this day be over already
thank u and i wont tease u no more tonite
Heat shot less than 7% from 3 point land AT HOME! Why did they bring miller for?? Guy should be getting paid what battier is making
yes I sure am! Crossed last year. I will miss u too hun! Hit me up if youre ever in Houston :-)
RT if you can find sexy in this kmckjasdvncioamcxlkpcxmwisamkasnzxquJUSTIBIEBERiojfihqewksmxlkqwceckwjmksj
Congrats to for being elected as County Board Chairperson.
“: gettin excited to launch this sucker! ” / You and me both. Hope your seatbelt is fastened... gonna be a wild ride!
see you in new Mexico today its been like a month at #sxsw at the pool party in the W in Austin
got your email. We are excited to work with you and help you build your brand! Check your inbox.
That lame show is still on the air?
See you there! RT : thanks for following #SWBBaltimore! See you at the Gathering on Thursday!
Librarian to the rescue! My uncle asked me to help find a database. Turns out he can access it remotely w/ his pub lib card. He had no idea.
hold me closer, Tiny Dancer
Dis ohio game off da chain!
Unbelievable man. Crazy case!
On my way to ... See you all soon
Come back to NYC!WE MISS YOU WE MISS BECK AND JADE TOGETHER!(Even tho i might be back from Flordia!) COME BE WITH US!Lol <U+2665>
oh am I in there?
Merry Christmas eve and merry Christmas to you all :)
Knowing someone you love dont feel the same way about you, memories, they soon delete.
If I get 50 followers I will follow back the person who makes me have 50 followers!!!!
In such a bad mood.
the only thing we ended up getting was paint samples because flooring cost money :(
yea iphone4s looks cool i might get one of those insteed of iphone5
Follow and you could win free tix to a Jags game
Note I didn't say anything about singing well but the dancing with spatula as microphone and flour-covered apron TOTALLY makes up for it...
you should listen to my baseball podcast on the toadhop network its called extra innings
no me importar
If a tomato is technically a fruit, than ketchup is the grossest smoothie ever.
Roskilde here I come!!!
Cant wait for EDC!
“: #Pacers bout to dick smack these heat dick riders.” Wana bet?
That awkward moment when Chris Brown see’s a hot chick and says I’d hit that.
It was a lot of fun! Hope you had a great time at BEA!
Have a #merrychristmas everybody...
I totally did that too...it works but u gotta do it for a while
And we're tweeting. Welcome to Edgewood. Love, the Twoomies.
Lmao no kidding
Oh and have missed you. Work & life has been so crazy....no time to zone out on tweets and pins.
New Hunt Library will have immersion theater and game lab. Very cool, NCSU
This just in. No one cares about the NBA.
Coney time! “: Our 100 year anniversary celebration starts this Monday $1 coneys all week come & be a part of history”
sunny day out so happy
She sitting here telling me a story about what happened on one Tyra show episode, -_-
don't usually watch local news but this Reggi Aqui guy might bring me back. Gonna shred some documents!
"Text them and say, 'Sorry I can't text you right now, I'm driving.'"
Can't stop throwing up.:'(
Thats why there not American ... And yes still say it every night b4 bed ...LOL
staying up until 2 30am probably wasnt the smartest idea knowing i had to be in the studioo this morning.
Ha! Only make it a Whyte Whine and a Miller Flight...
shut up
No problem! I wish they would have made an announcement. Lot's of people are in the wrong stream...
anytime Angel!<3!i hope Cody sees ur twets and follows u,DM s u,everything that u can think of that cody can do!
Only to make you leave the conversation! Lol RT : Why did you have to bring race into this???
follow back please
why? Whhhhhhyyyyy?!?! ISN'T IT JUST HUMAN NATURE WHY? WHHHHHYYY?!?!
Tuesday night at Whiskey Chicks means OKC TRIVIA! Put your thinking cap on and check-in for 1/2 priced appetizers!
's Mayoral Breakfast & Clothing Drive is today! Interested to hear 's & 's visions for SD!
because i don't ride roller coasters & if i did i definitely wouldn't be in the front hahaha.
I will go to war over you.
Also got you on tonight following March Madness!
Peaches were beyond ripe :-( Plan B - blueberry corn muffins. . . so good!
says he concurs
Okay then. :/
Psychobiological theories cont.: Behavioral conditioning (Pavlov's dogs), Freudian Psychoanalysis, Psychopathology, and Psychosis.
Finishing a great day with my Liza. Great weather and good company.
How are you set for the 2011-2012 season with Cycling Videos? We are offering a Fall Sale NEXT WEEK – stay tuned
We're all living in Kreider's world tonight. Welcome to the Kreider show.
What da hel is going on m twitter.
Make healthy changes 1 at a time and get them to be a habit, then make another change.
I'm trynna get into sumthing wet
Well, this series is done.
I'm bumping to jewel all night.
Soo i was on facebook and got a friend request from a chick whose name is betchacantdoitlikemealldayigetsitin. So not gonna add her, lol
(PASO) Keep this stock on your watchlist this week alot of accumulation goin on.
Given the cloudy, rainy afternoon right now in Portland, the choice of Joy Division for walking music is entirely appropriate.
I wonder if we are gonna see cows fly
Hi Valerie! We'd like to share a fun opportunity with you- Please DM us your email address if you're interested :)
; "I mean.. If i ever had a girl as beautiful as you, I'd never let you go.. That's why he's a fagg." hahaha made my night :)
Awkward! When u stay up writing 4 ur corporate overlord but forget 2 check the doc into the project b4 u unplugged all ur electronix $$
Gotta love that 90's music at the bowling alley. What's your favorite 90's song?
the best way to hang up on someone is to do it in the middle of YOUR OWN sentence. that way, they never suspect you hung up on them.
Fried pickles before shift. Niceness .. Love my bullies babe
So kind of you to mention. Thanks for the shout out :)
study study study, 2 more finals tomorrow and then done(:
YES!! I swear 1 day I'm gone cut you off for good tho lol
Looks like Baylor v Louisville
thank you Arielle. You are the best. ;)
Enjoying post- registration desk fun. is such a quality event!! Kudos to
How 'bout request for "Happy" - our wedding song! #Springsteen tix tonight was my 10 yr anniv gift to best husband ever :)
babe . Besok free ?
how big of a group?
When people try to argue w; you then be nice later, that shit doesn't fly well w; me, <<<<<<<
Dave Winer's observation that "Because the guy who can turn it around isn’t good at fighting internal BigCo political battles" also applies…
Hey, congrats on your "Dreamers into Doers" feature! Just saw that on your blog :) BTW, you look so cute w/Anthony Bourdain!
I work w/ a guy who is good friends w/ ponson he is a good guy lets him go to Aruba alot on his expense
Hey bro, you're gay.
CLEAN them dishes as soon as i get home! -_-
Oh, ASU College of Nursing and Healthcare Innovation, I already gave you quite enough of my money. But good luck in your ventures!
i did
That endorphin rush was entirely too high for the actual situation. There was a tiny victory dance in my heart.
online full tilt poker 2$ nhi lo sngs need players lol get online ppl
Aaron Craft is the most annoying caricature of what a white basketball player should be. Jumping around like a coach and being a cheerleader
MT : #21stme Museums r good at social media to broadcast message. We need to leverage SM to engage & expand our work.
Like who the fuck do you think you are?!
I think coffee shops should have happy hours too :)
Very impressed with Mathematica's graphing. Is the nothing it can't do?
Shirts are fucking sick...that is all
#Yankees load 'em up again in the 9th w/ 1 down and add another run to go ahead 8-5 on an #EricChavez sac fly to CF.
RT if you love :)
Good night to the peeps of Twitter am *so* tired and have a Long day tomorrow. Z dreaming of presentations & flying brooms ;)
Pete may have forgotten you but I got your back Brent.
What a boring game.. think i'll go poke dead things with a stick.
9:15 Let's have a great day everybody
You've got to believe you are worth more than being repeatedly hurt by someone who doesn't really care.
writing til the battery dies on this scene. Intensely emotional moment and I don't want it to die on me! LOL.
#My followers help me find an acting coach i wanna pursue my dream of been an actress if u guys could help me txt me at 2606020373 plizz!:)
Mississippi disagrees.
Retweet this if you know your library card number by heart. We're taking a tally of awesomeness.
Whaaaa right in the kisser????? Wow Beth ...REALLY?!?!
Nice to see admission, but will there be consequences RT : RT : Close call in Pdx but w/replay goaltending was incorrect
If you have to forecast, forecast often. Edgar R. Fiedler
VIP baby! RT : hey we're in. What level tix did you get?
Things I do at 5am; comparison shop AC window units.
We have a winner! RT : did it.
Heh. Then maybe I should abandon Google Chrome.
Don't forget to mention aviation. 1 RT ticket from NY to SF spews 1742 kg CO2e—same climate impact of 116 days of driving.
The little one is getting married lol
90 degrees outside and no air, this sucks
Anyone selling 1 ticket to Boys Noize tonight @ mezzanine? We just need 1 more
sounds like you had a lot of fun last night with your TAB. I can't wait until I'm a teen librarian!
Three Floyds Night on Jan. 31 at #TwinAnchorsBBQ! Thx for the mention!
that's hard for me to believe.
Natural history museum today!
i spin hip hop. i grew up here in tucson but just moved back form OKC. so im starting fresh in this scene. kinda been......
I like that also says "goobers" ... I'm in good company!
I am enjoy the night at the 2011 Texas Medal of Art Awards in Austin.! Pics to come shortly!
We are talking to Miss Black Minnesota USA coming up on the ! Happy Black History Month!
I'm trying to figure out how this nigga over an hr late for my cuz PROM!!! Shud BET HIS ASS <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
Thank you so much for the RT. COCA appreciates your spreading the word about all there is to do in Tally!
did yu get my message from last night Yu was the only one that didn't answer
Whoa, #blastfromthepast! #KillerInstinct!! I think I still have that cart somewhere. Dang, gotta check now...
Must wake up! Z
No no no. You're thinking of The Business, which my manhood is appropriately named. I distinctly said "my BIDness."
Hope everyone had a great #weekend!
Is it weird in here, or is it just me? ~ Steven Wright
would u b interested in donating $25 2a nonprofit scholarship fund/program 4 HS junior girls in return 4free ad etc? Msg plz
Any CA peeps need a gallery installation or help getting your prints up? will be in SJ 2/1-2.
Thanks for checking in!
Dang, Crossgates Mall is poppin' these days!! Most of my favorite stores have been completely re--done.
That explains how I got them 5xtra pnds
I cannot stop listening to I Am Second by the Everytime it comes on I push repeat at least 3 times! Awesome song!
What I accomplished in clinical today: I managed to pick off all my nail polish and I slept.
I've never seen real cheese as stringy as it is in pizza commercials.
Remembering Sunday by All Time Low. Gets me every time.
I love when life gets amazing.
heck yeah! We will have to load up on PBR silos for that show again
I hate when people try to be like you. #POSER!
twitter glitter dirt party i have some extra cameras to flickr with #queerdrupal #drupalcon # bit.ly/dAUPYp
thi reminds me of that episode of icarly iphsyco
I love soo much
Tonight im gonna stay up late and have fun . Chillin on the computer (: Im so bored aha .. <U+2665>
Spent National Best Friend day yesterday with Love you guys
Another sea of tears from the baseball gods for Doug
I don't know how many you're expecting....but I've only picked up one from Amazon...
When ur #ex asks u if v still can b friends after break-up, Its like a kidnapper tellin u to keep in touch
Thanks Candia please keep me informed of local events!
I feel horible :/
~Author UnknownA great obstacle to happiness is to expect too much happiness .
Thanks for the RT ! We appreciate it. Please stay posted for the latest in
The person who knows how will always have a job, but the person who knows why will always be his boss
LOL THAT TO
AW, well. My eighth grade math teacher was an old, haitian man who was annoying as hell & we always messed with. <U+E414>
Th afternoon BPS baseball and softball games postponed due to weather. Track meet at White Stadium still on.
Tks for making Marta feel so welcome at service today!! Thanks for loving on our online hosts!!
Fruit, wings, Caesar salad, souvenir bucket snax, soft pretzel, dogs, brat, burger, fries, desert
Good time, vegas-style!!!
Sometimes I Feel Like no one understands me...
Well. Joshua Ledet's version of James Brown's 'Man's World' may be the best Idol performance ever. Win this thing! Such a pro.
great campaign, but a bit sad, no? one of the greatest living designers working for diet coke.
well my hair looks great for a Friday night
where are you?
The human brain uses approximately as much energy as a 10 watt light bulb
"Holy souped up monster truck." -Mr. Mackenzie wen he saw my dream car.
Are you ready for some football (world style)?
Thanks! I'm really happy how the site came out too. Left CO a month ago, loving Portland.
Still a lil mad
Well it was a great concert last night at the Tropicana in Atlantic City. Jon Anderson and Rick Wakeman. WOW
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i didnt use it for a long time....
Oh. My. Goodness. The conversations I have with this guy>>>
“: Whose idea was it to make you have to move your car to a different side of the road every day?”somebody wit a garage
We are hosting 's 2012 Business Summit for 250+ Students/Entrepreneurs (Apr 4). Have Press Pass 4 event. Interested?
just warning ya'll, there will be backlash when it is found out that every single hologram is lip-synching.
Cats are the coolest
So many coaches want to blame/credit the scheme but so often it's the effort within the scheme that determines whether execution is good/bad
Someday we will actually get a new sofa, but until then, this one looks way less shabby.
Awesome fun fun show for the kids at Trinity! Thanks to the guys from for the support!
Just bought my copy of the #zombiebible and I'm so excited!
People are filing into a Seaford funeral home to say goodbye to ATF Agent John Capano who was killed New Years Eve during a Rx robbery.
Happy new year east coast!
1 minute countdown to the tradeshow rush #SXSW. Come check out why #sliderocketrocks and win a free MacBook Air!! We are by the Saloon bar
All im going to say is if you are going to talk so much crap about me you should at least have the guts to say it to my face! (cont.)
I wouldn't just don't need my 15 mins of making an ass of myself like some of these ppl
I agree. Perhaps it's possible to be both. I doubt he's the dastardly villain Tesla fans desire him to be.
BatCall for !!! Where are you?!? We have to network! Ninja has arrived!
we need to hang out soon!
Im tired of hearing "piece of cake"
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation! We thought your were looking sexier!!
wearing a purple shirt with red shoes.... like really dude shoot whoever taught you to dress! ULTIMATE
Where are you going? To the casino. I thought they were only in las Vegas lmaoo
What's goin on Jenny?
No wifi! Boo, can't check work email until I'm back at the hotel :-(
the wash post has been doing it too.
the Eco-route says ill be there in about hour and a half.
it was great talking with you today. Let's stay connected.
Should work. What time?
Great meeting in Santa Fe & lunch at Blue Corn Cafe! Delicious tamales! Heading back up soon... can anyone suggest another great lunch spot?
when will The Future of TV be available on-demand?
What am I saying? Lol :)
The NBC Universal commercial story about the cruise line was pretty amazing.
it's alright sis!!! You'll find a better man<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> I know that for a fact, he'll realize what he's lost REAL SOON!
I'm gonna give all my secrets away:)
#givebig A 24-hour online giving event 12/14. The Foundation will match upto $150,000 to incentivize giving during this period of time.
Thanks so much ! That was such a great project to work on--glad more folks are getting to see it.
sad but true.
I am excited to announce that I recently started a #nonprofit #project to raise #funds for my BFF ! Website is coming soon!
is pushing through Monday!
Back to Miami already? Yes
going to get my Steve Maddens today(: can't wait to wear them out!
come on let me take u :)
Me and my immobilized wrist and thumb are going to take a pain pill and a nap in that order.
RT Secretary Duncan entering. Expect a strong focus on #education in tonight's
The only way to beat your book is to out work them. They do this 24 hours a day,do you have a capper that has a global network that does?
At seventeen ~ the sweetness ~ of shadows
Great to meet today. I'm a big fan of and all the great innovations they're making.
I thought it was just incase he forgets how to start spelling the name on the back : P
so is delegated to superstars and pre ppv YouTube matches?
You know #Apple may rule the world when you are upset that your PC can't charge more than 2 Apple devices simultaneously
Excited about the spring semester and fleshing out my research objectives into something powerful and transformative.
Jim Morrison tee is amazeballs! :D
you didn't spring for teh deluxe model? lol
Spring has sprung! RT : Stuhr's 1890's Railroad Town opens tomorrow! Costumed interpreters, working trades & historic homes...
#poem Feelings awful and wonderful accompany the birth of every child. It is the rest of their lives you must attend w/vigilance.
Democratic Womens’ Group Arises
I want it, I want it bad.
Thanks, I will check them out!!
follow me back I <3 UR family and your show u guys r amazing!!<333 :)))xoxx
Might Not Be Able To Talk To Him Tonight :(
I had no idea that we would have such a cute puppy in the office today! Otherwise, I would have.
Make that a quadshot :)
Harada: Students today are multi-taskers, but we are uni-tasking them... Read the book, listen to lecture, etc There's a disconnect.
Thanks to everyone who made it out to hear Mr. Gary Perlin (SFS '72) speak this afternoon!
We are playing with the iPad2 ... what are your favorite features?
- What rule did you break?
Ladies Night @ Dorsey's Locker w/DJ Styles 2nite, 7p - 12a, 5817 Shattuck, Oak. Live Music, Drink Spcls & Ladie's Massage + GR8 Soul Food.
I LOLd at "James Michael Johnson Cougar Mellencamp."
Time to use these iTunes cards from Christmas haha
Thinking bout my family Love you all so much!!!
Truth.But its equally true that you cant stop people from trying to fake it. RT You cannot fake soul.
will be jumpin with ya tomorrow night! Go Bulls! Looking tough!
Absolutely RT survival rate nt changing in 2 decades, I think people would think it had changed by a lot.
If I still cared about my resume, I'm pretty sure I'd put "Kick-ass Pandora Station Creator" on it. Oh, where the ego will roam.
Muppets is a very fun-for-all-ages flick, and pretty smart, to boot. Do it!
Why not? He's hilarious, and I hear some people find him attractive.
Time to make moves. No time to wait. I've spent too much time waiting on other folks
Pinewood Derby time!
It's #biketowork week! Are you biking today? (I'm still undecided.)
Putting together my animation reel! Can't wait to post it!
heck ya!
The key to maintaining pure boundaries in public is saying NO in private. -
Chicago Craft Beer Week is going to be nuts in Logan Square
Should I go horseback riding tomorrow?!
Argh, too much good stuff a #ASJa missing online markets w to hear food/nutrition editors including
Follow , ex-Wall Street analyst for all things social, mobile & startup. Plus, Batman & Star Wars!
'Tis the season... for job interviews.
buy our eggs locally from Congdon Farms, which have nothing to do with the recall. So stop by for some healthy & delicious breakfast tacos!
<3 <3 big big BIG announcement next month. Stay tuned <3 <3
Totally. RT : Saying goodbye to my #ONEmoms counterparts in DC was not easy :( Definitely friends for life after a trip like this
Don't be reckless with other people's hearts, and don't put up with people that are reckless with yours.
I'm really hoping that another network picks up Harry's Law. It is one of my favorite shows.
OCLC survey: Joyce: if we create standards, will ARL add them to its overall stats? ARL trying to cut down on data collecting
gossip girl or new bachelorette?!?! #pgp ... bachelorette!!!!! bc who's NOT going to watch tonight. i mean, seriously...
U live and learn
Wade is turning into Kobe pretty much, except his complaining is happening lil more often which that needs to stop
by the way I probably spelled so many words wrong don't laugh at me lmao ;D
Just going to keep my mom in my prayers
Step 4 Determine how long each exercise should take to see when each clip will be released in your autoresponder schedule
Nice stab and throw by Martinez at 3rd to end the 7th.
woo hoo!! Congrats!!
Guys what sense does it make to look at another grl in front of your grl????
i hope you realize the season is longer than a month!
Pick me! Pick me! But I only know how to use a french press. I'm good at it though.
Too much happening all at once..
Our youth have been educated by the lyrics of mainstream recording artists- its no wonder they rely on spellcheck and autotune for dignity.
Why are liberals who want the government to regulate their health care upset that the government wants to regulate their internet?
YOU DO NOT PAY TOLL to my house jon! thats aunt kates lol my exit is TORRENCE
Lately I have been waking up at 530am inspired to write.
yeeeaahh not more singel got a verrrrryyy sweet boyfriend omg i love u baby see u in school <3
Good morning UK tweeps! Sleepless American twit wishing you a happy Sunday :)
#NewFeds interviewing outside of library jobs, lose the library jargon. "plain speaking is a valuable asset"
Trying to reach 50,000 views this month for the trailer for "A Christmas Wish"... Hope you'll take a bit of time to watch and help spread t…
I'm up too! Good luck with your games!
fair enough.We are still wondering whether we would hang out with us as long as you did if we were you. That makes sense right?
- Omg at votec Cant believe it aint nun but 8 people here out of da whole damn votec skewl
good. this has to happen. 3 essays in less than 3 hours
Absolutely. You can contact our HR dept for info.
you should post that picture of us :)
but you're already doing it, is the good news!
Morae and silverback usability software: new to me!
u mean me and luis party ? Eww i dont wanna see u tonight lolz !
Well, it doesn't hurt as much as the Raiders game, but painful, nonetheless
Pretty sure just convinced me to buy a GoPro camera for diving. Of course she points them out the day I get a bonus at work...
Get it!!
Not quite yet. Will keep you updated!
you told me all this stuff but I'm confused when I read your tweets I think your beautiful and cool to be with but idk Wat to do
There's value in the demonstration effect; can help sway indecisive FAs. Also low-risk, total risk is just $27m (not $200m).
Liam Hemsworth getting punk'd :)))
Got a iPhone for Easter
Big Soccer Match Sunday at 8am LIVERPOOL vs CHELSEA!
Wasn't that Kelly Clarkson? Ha..
People are so sad when you have to tell them they number 600 on the hunger games list!
Driving around the district blasting de la soul on this gorgeous spring day.
Cannonball boss nova on wbgo this morning. Another mp3 to steal.
No need to watch tonight, my agent tells me I'm not gonna be picked until tomorrow.
WE BUY GOLD! PAY MOST ! WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99! WE SIZE WATCHES , REPAIRS!
I think its super weird that some people like mcmuffins more than biscuits. Biscuits are where it's at!
#Memoir Book Party TODAY. 5pm. Busboys and Poets (5th and K St) THE 5TH INNING by E. Ethelbert Miller
Facade Grant applications due today! Please let me know if you plan on applying!
RT : "1st time I interviewed Brian Blade..made it clear..his influences were church, Levon Helm & soul music." -
BBM PIN: STOP ASKING!x
Sometimes I start to miss you, I really do. Then I think about what you did to me. I can't stand you, omg.
To bad they can't combine Liposuction and oral sex, the world would be a much thinner place
Can we all hold hands across America until Whitney is off the air?
Rangers and Devils, who will it be? Does Cam Janssen see some game action? Does NJD start the same lineup as 3/19 game?
Absolutely. How many times do u go out there to see him when he's not with u?
we have 2 other freshmen girls and a junior guy!
Chicks with big titts with no ass shit looks weird lol
If we gonna WHOOP-ASS, let me crack the first can
Congrats to my little brother and best friend, for completing his degree and 4 years of collegiate golf.
am I a dork for wanting to hang my grades on my fridge?
Well spoken David. Of course that is exactly what my wife does...
#Bcfm is tasting pale ales tonight.
Congrats to Chris Ruzich for his guess of $1200 on the Friends of KCPT page on Facebook! He was the closest. WTG!
Keep an eye out for the next TRUCKEROO 3 on August 12th! More information coming soon...
Dave Matthews Band
Alright SNY, I'm sticking with you (instead of flipping to hockey) for good postgame sound from Terry and David. Bring it.
if this is what he wants and its what she wants, then whys there so much pain?
What am I looking forward to this summer, um nothing now that wont be doing his summer camps in Laredo,Texas:(
what did they do haha
What will you sing at karaoke on Thursday night? Think of a song. We're bound to have it! 1287 D Glenwood Ave Atlanta 7p-10p
Patricia Hswe recommends that I should follow you, and that we have quite a bit in common, including being vegetarians. :)
SMH DAMN MIAMI
give me more #kerosene haha :')
Ask not what you can do for your country. Ask what's for lunch! I'll tell ya....chicken pad thai with extra peanut sauce!
hey beautiful,text me I have a question.
Will u marry me Zooey, i wanna make music
I'll say it: the Bee Hospital skit on the first SNL was ahead of its time. People didn't dig science humor in the mid-70s. Now it would work
dried all natural dog food. Does that help?
aha feel the burn!
Just finished painting... turned out amazing. I will be sharing soon. Live your life awake... WEAR WHAT YOU BELIEVE!
in that case, I would like to fight both of you.
You've got to hit Robert's Western Wear and Tootsie's, too. Have fun! Hope you're well.
what I heard was in the hallway between the commons and gym
You both look beautiful!
Today, whatever may annoy, the word for me is joy, just simple joy. – John Kendrick Bangs
correlation does not equal causation, but I still like the chart!
Goodnight everyone. I love you all.
i wanna go to western playland so bad :l
A little off topic, but William Gay is no longer a Steeler!! This plus the dream game
Actress. Wrestler international fitness star and champion professional dancer. Model
this partygirl is gonna turn up the tunes and dance! wanna watch me wriggle & writhe? tell me your fav sexy song and lets get down'n'dirty!
kind of sick of my library's childrens area,chick lit area, teen area, jn high area - we are already doing this, right?
Happy Hour tonight and every weeknight from 5-7. BOGO
The Class 1 streetcars will be appearing on your television screens very soon... keep your eyes on this feed for the details!
That awkward moment when you're catching up with someone you don't talk for ages and you're just <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
1st day of school!
Since the '72 Plymouth Duster or '68 Camaro is out, how about the new Mustang?
Looking for Mac-friendly presentation software for presentations to large groups. What did use when he was at RIT
thanks liz...not a lotta! you know, same old same old.
Well thanks for coming in we're glad you enjoyed the ravioli!
omg u cute stephen, u cute
is that in Miami??
The pleasure was ours!
oh... My twitter takes a while to load. Ops.
Your Saints better shred a lot of cheese tonight.
Will try to get to your session, Cameron.
So much for bein the perfect couple :/
RT : *singing* my bo <3 (u will always be my bo)
completely agree!!!!!
Liz Goodgold suggests new definition for alpha fem. It's more like protecting your turf
Just spend an interesting morning at the "Clean House" tv show's yard sale. I actually thought I was at a Pearl Jam concert in the mid 90's!
hope the current dates are going better!!!
There's still room in our beginner's brewing class tonight. Starts at 7. Start a hobby where the reward is beer!
Malcolm Floyd for another first ...18 yard ...Rivers just joined Marino, Brees and company for back to back 4K passing season
Was I picking my nose?
aw. Thank you! I did have a great day with my bestie and family. My favorite thing is when I got my bikini. :)
get your shit together!!
just some thoughts here! haha
Adorn the Wicked - Can't Believe in You @ Arlene's Grocery: via
But seriously, yours sounds like the opposite of despair & misery. & I don't know exactly wht it is bt I need some Sichuanbacon.
So many adventures, so little time. Time to get a-crackalackin'
Thrilled for Joss Whedon, he's the smartest fellow I've ever interviewed & now he's tops all-time at box office. Sweet affirmation!
LOL. Was struggling out there.
thanks for the S.O pal
So, 's favorite One Direction song is "Save You Tonight" & she just called it "Save Your Soul"
To the person driving behi....oh yeah, you dont follow me on twitter, so what I was about to say is probably useless
Thanks for the RTs
No joke, is a superb show! It is best enjoyed with and
haha! I know - I saw that. Hilarious.
What a wonderful image!!! Thank goodness someone shared that!!
That looks creepy!
In FAHRENHEIT 451, every citizen was forced to have 2 way TV in every room. Turning TV off was crime against state! NVRMD - Drones r here!
Agreed. 24 hours is a bit long (in this business).
You're Gonna miss This <3
Possibly a mixture of both! Are you going Dave?
everybody pleaz add she is an amazing role model!!!! PLZ add her!! You will LOVE HER I promise she is so nice
I feel as wise as the old owl.
RT : BREAKING: North Carolina's anti-gay marriage amendment (amendment 1) has passed -
When Cary Hoffman was asked if he would ever live abroad, he responded: "Yeah, Brooklyn! That's the farthest I'll ever go!"
That is awesome news!!!!!!!
I'm a Sporting KC fan in Boston, MA. Is the game being broadcast on national TV?
What a difference I can feel in my workouts now that I'm eating a bit more
I need highlights and a haircut and money and a life.
The real race will begin soon. I speculate it will be a race between Obama and Romney when the GOP primaries wrap up.
I rise again i am a blessed man thank you
Prof asked about finding review articles for cognitive science/psychology/philosophy. Any tips for finding them? (Class is all freshmen.)
Even though i know, i don't want to know. Yeah i guess i know i just hate the way it sounds.
After today, I'm not sure you'll be around to see July...
I was just working with him at the Hollywood prom last weekend!
Heh. Pitt international center spring picnic billed as "the best excuse to get out of the building without an EMS alert!"
Just landed. Who won, the ads or the football?
has anyone tried the bleach challenge yet
things are better?
I know Sarasota well I used to train in Bradenton.
i know I do miss my brother
My apologies to Bo Ryan... Florida State you suck
I never seem to get it done at night. If its gonna get done, its in the morning.
the customer is not always right. Did not accept return with receipt. That
Danish men are so beautiful its not fair
The ONLY way to improve upon the Dems. Vegas-train Gig is to include a CRUISE-SHIP leg.
hybrid e-ink and backlit tablet device? Can I stand in line behind you?
I know it sounds like a fairy tale but I still believe in that :)
WAKING UP DRUNK FROM LAST NIGHT <<<<<<
Photo Essay on the NYPL Schwarzman Building www.j.mp/9kdDjR
There were 29 players in today's $140 buy in noon tournament. Top 3 places get paid, first place $1758. Next tournament is at 7 pm tonight.
Ion even knoe my niggas/bros twitter names smh
super excited :)
Tried a new grain this evening, roasted Kasha, not sure I enjoyed its smokey flavor...
Hey , I'd love to come visit with you and Ms. I really miss you both :) I may have a chance to visit next summer.
Time. To. Fly.
this hina I know. But u take to long to reply. So i took care of it already.
Thank you for the RT! :)
1st book comes out n Nov, shopping 2nd around (again). Decided to outline the 3rd. In the midst of it now - why didn't I do this b4?
Also, school roll calls always include the initial, so everyone will know
Miss you too!!! We need to hang out soon
Rihanna's song Birthday Cake would be way better with Trey Songz in it...
what time???
omgz i'm running out of focus
Great Carmen performance with Opera Company of Brooklyn last night - already planning for next season- : )
Vagina joke are not funny. Period
Thanks Zig! Yeah, seems to be the popular choice.
i remember when in science we would sing baby making music to each other and make sentences Anissa and Matt would laugh so hard at us.
hahhaha. love it. now and then there's a patron that calls here on the weekend to ask the temperature. then hangs up.
I rarely ever say this, but I rocked my callback today! No matter what happens at this point, I'm at least glad about that! :-)
Boo, my iPod just died! I guess no music for me while I edit video. *sad face*
sorry to hear about your dog :-(
I wonder if knows that it is May...:P
I posted my first stupid ass tweet....
RT : bummed I can't catch tomorrow night at Or Vuvuzela (ex ) at Matchless tonight
I have my ND sweatshirt on today...and WE ARE MARQUETTE!
#onlyif Would follow me back ^_^
love you kiddo <3
seriously? all these trades in NFL & NBA are putting me thru it. Why old men want to ruin new careers is beyond me
If you are a #Piano #Bar #Entertainer we have a world class job for you! Contact us ASAP!
- here's to American Innovators working for the good of all man/womankind. 2012 is off to a great startup!
nice job on the beatles post! I am on day 5 sans coffee - switched to green tea to avoid headaches - seems to be working
Just watched the NBC dateline special on Whitney Houston. I really feel bad for her guys. So sad!!!!
I need a Slugger meme. Who is up to the task?
Big congrats to you my friend on your nomination for THE BEAVER . Good luck at the show.
.....just got home from antro....music was sick in both rooms.....the real Club Antro is back!!!!
I'd be interested in a trade.
Fashion Is Hot.....but....... Faith Is Hotter!
Haha... Someone with no front teeth hit on us.
is it live?! I'll watch!
that is not true (: when I return to my house I will dm you :D
My chest hurts bad so no school NBA 2k 11 now.
Great recommendation from : , #Detroit 's premiere #BellyDance troupe in #middle eastern dance.
- Thank you so much <3 I love you too! Mwaaahh;*
I mean look- when you got it, you got it
my ankle hurts really badly.lol
going on a couples retreat to Jamaica first of April
Going to artica tonight for open mic
Just learned of a new grape variety from central #Italy. Whose heard of Olivella????
a little birdie told me
glad some of our convo was useful haha!
One more to 80:)
Should I Post A Video Of Me Singing
I'd like to be everything you want :D
Checking in meeting!! Great turnout!!!
Very much loving Breaking and Entering by Eileen Pollack. Grub's National Book award winner. Fridayreads#
like an about me. For you twiitter page. I got one most people do.
Thanks, Vickie! x
I'd love to connect! I'll DM you back with my contact into.
I'm looking bomb as hell & now you wanna speak.
just read about your puppy...so sorry about the Parvo...sending prayers your way!
We will be billing Inno for roughly 42 pint glasses
: PV also hides the speaker & the "do-er(s)" from view; makes it harder to question both power & ways of knowing.
It's mine I spends it
I wanna know what I would look like if I got a spray tan.
guil two u two
they r a blowin....me
I hope to be there! RT : Who all is going to the honors banquet at #stc12?
Thanks! RT : I'm at 's #AIDSWalkLV at #UNLV...great day to be on the campus, the weather is absolutely beautiful!
Congratulations sir. You earned it.
Heh. It's funny, because it's true.
Rolling around an enormous suitcase on this subway commute and having men offer to help, makes me feel like an asshole--IT'S EMPTY
Yep. But we'll get thru it. As #Philly fans we always seem to.
When I grow up I want to be a dancing astronaut stay at home Mommy who drives a fire truck
Movie recommendation is Meryl Streep in "She-Devil"
I miss crisp cool (un-air conditioned) air.
Well hell , we went over and beyond that. HUSTLERS LOVE ATL
True! Crowdsourcing human traffic in metro region would be interesting to see! Just tap mobile data.
Happy mothers day .
My boyfriend just broke up with me over text! Awesome now I can go out tonight and look for my rebound :) TGIF
I wiSh I had her beautiful curly hair
Awesome Career Contest happening. #Eng9 students can submit career projects and win 100.00. See me for details!
Those predictions are terrible
Thanks Peter! :)
Going out tonight no laying up watching hbo <U+E414>
sorry i left the chat my screen froze so i had to end it
Good to see you on Twitter.
I love you too!!!
Playing tomorrow at Ground Zero, Wednesday at Borg Ward.
oh lets go paccckkkkaaaaaasssss!!!!!
In the "real" world people use Delicious, in academia use citeulike, mendeley for social bookmarking
Great product! Love the compact look and ability for MOM to put in her purse! Call our office to set up an interview
thanks for the retweet! Hope you ate having a great week!
Yesterday we have transported Bears' Matt Forte and Johnny Knox to the Soldier field for a quick meeting and back to their homes! Go Bears!
Come check out our Bordella it is beautiful and probably just what you are looking for! :)
I really don't need to develop an insomnia habit.
I know where u from?
In my cookie: "Promote literacy. Buy a box of fortune cookies today." What kind of fortune is that? Seriously.
Kinda been blasé about NCAA games most of the day. Guess that's b/c they haven't been like VCU-Wichita St!
i play basketball at Emory so I can't play IM football, SIG NU needs you! Please let me know if this possible...you the man 35
watching the brewer game
5 lbs till my goal weight :) !
I am the light of the world. If you follow me you won't have to walk in darkness because you will have the light that leads to life Jas 8:12
Someone's copying you in the stands gumby
looking forward to a great night at Epic. Talking about "If you really LOVE me then REACH Me!"
“: What's up”. Chillin! Happy it's Friday!
I love u
Good morning, all. Coffee is on !
Kudos to People's Bank-Albuquerque (bankingunusual.com) for overcoming obstacles and following through with a closing today!!
is just jealous!
Stop telling me how awesome Cabin in The Woods is already. I'll see it soon enough and the world will survive.
Free box of ProV1s from The Boss. My sincerest apologies when some poor folks find her name on the golf ball in their living room.
GREEN MANSIONS 1959, one of the few Audrey Hepburn films I haven't seen in its entirety. Love 2 find it on-line someplace.
sorry I was off today, glad mama tapps loved the cornbread. You know that's a recipe, right?
Noeleen: In a crisis, be careful to make sure spokespeople are not cocky or if they have a problem with people second guessing them
he would get a girlfriend , honestly some teenage boys have #norespect .
Last niqht I had a dream about you<3
ha, no, just 2 hours of people in the only bar in town telling me so. It went from complimentary to awkward.
All I ask is that you don't try to mail me, just to see what will happen. cc:
Wow, Blount mowed over Bishop and a few others, dudes a beast
Sometimes I just have to wonder who is getting federal jobs... I'd have an easier time getting out of Labyrinth, I think.
gonna quote songs that come on shuffle...ready set go.
Cubs beat the Cards in walk off fashion. Even though we're on our way to a 60 win season, it's always great to beat your rival!
Office Depot Reports In line
I couldn't wait to win an elliptigo! I "invested" yesterday... love elliptigo!!
Sorry about your experience! Did you find a place? Check out South Lake Union.
All the OKC talk filling up my TL>>>
Clean Coal Campaign Teams with NASCAR - Power Engineering Magazine
take me to wright today I'll give you a present Friday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
GUESS WHATS TRENDING WORLDWIDE!!!!! AH
If you partied hardy for the Oscars last night, a good Swedish massage would feel great today!
thse bitches on 16 & Pregnant make me mad as hell.
CAN'T STOP WAN'T STOP STAY GRINDING.
All right. Voted. Dropped off kiddo. Rear-end in seat buckled for takeoff. #dl10 here I come!
why do people still use rar?
muni is so
I will! My heart lies with IU but I can't turn down seeing the other Zeller, live in St. Louis!
Need more video visuals!!!
Denver colorado !
not today. Sorry. Got plans
Kings of Leon.....
<== she cute follow her fo me ^_^
Good night PINAS! :D good morning CALIFORNIA! :D
How the hell are you leaving me alone tomorrow? I'm gonna freaking die without you at practice ugh bitch!!jk I luv you be safe
This is the *perfect* day for outdoor dining in #Arlington! Which favorite patio or rooftop bar will you be visiting?
Its early in morning...just dropped off the daughter for all day vball tournaments
“: Chalmers lil gay ass dont want none of david west” if he's gay he might... But he dont want to fight thas for sure
Congrats on scoring the second interview!
True, I was out for one last night myself!
it's always a fun time.
Thanks to everyone that came out for the show tonight at . rocked the bar of course and is mass appreciatedd
"Wouldn't have done what's on this video in his right mind" Are you in your right mind broadcasting this?
So, essentially lose 30 by age 30. I'm not going to tweet what I'm eating or anything. Just need to put it out there to be accountable. xo
all i want to do it watch the Avengers again
I live across the street from a #Target. It's both horrible and wonderful.
I compared the two, Davies was slightly better
I dont really play sports, lol where do you live? lol
The notion of the 1% demonstrates that this may be the most corrupt period in history - and corruption thrives in and leads to decay
No doubt!
fascinating. Have you talked to ?
hopefully my brother baby ricky gets better and comes out the hospital
me too! but i really wish i could tell him
#MyStoryMySong = very touching, inspirational. Co-written by Now I'm looking up 'Streams in the Desert.'
Can't stop staring at the bad empty space in the corners of the shield on the #Nets logo.
Yelp, you cost me dearly. In the end you won. It wasn't you, but it was the computers on the other end of the trading that tricked me.
Thanks so much for the great #actorskey workshop on Sunday. Even with a cold you took the time to answer all our questions.
Smart Irrigation Tip: Is it time for an irrigation check up? Inspect your system monthly for leaks, broken or clogged sprinkler heads, and …
We rent copiers.. Let us know how we can help you. 303-778-0600
LIVE ON MFS RADIO.COM 210 SLAP A HOE SHOW
This really sucks that steelers are not in the super bowl. So to help with the pain will giveaway a autograph
No matter how hot, I have a difficult time taking an 'Ashley' number seriously
We're sorry to have disappointed you, Simona. But the good news is A60 will be opening Sat. May 12th at 8:30 PM! See you there!
Congratulations! It's an awesome place to be.
your cute no matter what :-)
Happy New Year twitter..... Stay tuned.
I read Leas story and i am sad but happy justin inspires lea and gives her strength and joy everyday.
Oh no..I just remembered DST is this weekend. I'm excited for longer days but not looking forward to losing that hr of sleep.
I been ripin n runing all day
#lifewaseasybefore I didn't know Jake T Austin.
Merry Christmas Everyone! Remember the most important thing in our lives are the people in it. I'm so greatful to have you all as friends.
1st Person to RT this tweet will receive a complimentary VIP booth this Friday with Champagne | | NOCHE FEVER| 21+
We've put more effort into helping folks reach old age than into helping them enjoy it
no he always is outside! Lol
My old proofreading class: In an early lesson, the instructor revealed the spelling of "supersede" and half the students gasped audibly.
do you need promo? me too
Home for the last 30 laps to find Edwards in 15th....come on now.
A fusion of Peruvian and Italian! + delicious Pisco Sours! April 6th! Start at 6pm. See you there. 46 East Superior!
Noticing a lot of empty overhead space.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but I love you so much so follow me maybe :)?
Responded to VACATE @ 108-34 64th Avenue, Queens, NY 11375 and helped 3 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
I got to get a new laptop!!!
Thanks for the RT
Just saw the play MOUNTAINTOP in NY. It's a brilliantly complicated portrayal of King's last night. Bassett's performance is powerful!
Up early on a Saturday to head to #THATCampPNW where I will be roundtabling with and Terry Schenold.
Thanks for following me. Looking forward to get some designs for digitizing or vector art from your side. Thanks, FRANK
Thank you for your nice comments!
X THE DOG BEEN WAITING ON HIM TO GET BACK ON THE SEEN
3696 favorite color?:)
I loved 'Midnight in Paris' such an awesome movie!!!
Talented Reggae / Dancehall Artist From Toronto . Looking for some support lets do this !
tell him to make one
anytime my friend. Thanks for being a logical Browns fan.
what does that have to do with anything?
I enjoy reading this because I picture a fish bluff catching you and you rage tweeting in the parking lot.
Excited to see and in tonight! Break a leg, gents.
Man, brutal, brutal injury news about Suggs if it's true.
they do tht so u hafto buy more gum
IS "damn" a Curse word??
“: you have such an infectious laugh! :) fun being at #liveonkomo w you " SO SWEET! <3
Just saying the more respect shown to each other, the better chance of understanding, change, or both.
Nice one!! Turn it up!
Thank you to everyone who came out for the launch party on Friday hosted by the lovely &
I love the ones by Jiffy, but it all depends on your budget!
Tonight, a man asked me if my hair was real. Not believing me when I said yes, he touched it. So. Yeah.
Should be a good weekend.
Very Good and Funny weekend recap Monica. Great to meet you and look forward to next weekend in Birmingham!
haha what's her twitter name.
Bananas right? RT : 140 characters isn't enough for my thoughts
haha, nothing much, just chilling with the boys. :) Jake says hi!
Do not forget to hug your loved ones today. Hug them and tell them you love them. They should mean everything to you.
You're hilarious bro. Much love. Hope you crush it next season.
i dont care how they got there. just that they stated it for everyone to hear. that is going to [hopefully] do a lot for us.
I think my overall quality of life drastically improved after I started following on instagram. My goodness...
To inspire a community that will build your business, brands need to integrate contribution into the business
Cool!!! What kind of tablets are you getting for 1-1?
Looking forward to it!
we've ate at this gas station everyday
Love you too sister RT": brother i love you!"
Thanks for following!
Haha, well, it did not work for me.
agreed. i don't know why, but, agreed.
LMFAO! RT who are these Badgers you speak of? Lol. I hope they like David Guetta...and lots of him!
Occupy PDX announces plan "to prohibit business-as-usual at the banking institutions that they feel have hijacked the government" on Thurs.
"Briannah does it cross the zero line on this ?" "Yes." "It actually doesnt." "Ohmygod..." "its okay."
:: Just made an STL shout-out on Live gooey butter cake, toasted ravioli and pork steaks sound good right about now.
Why she is still head of The Knockouts if Sting won and Immortal lost all powre still confuses me. lol
Yeah, I just hash-tagged myself! :P #CristinaCho - oops, I did it again! ;) #ClassicBritneySpears Good night!
some people dont know how lucky they really are
Waiting to interview Ingrid Monroe
Congrats to Rich Peverley and the Bruins! Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.
Ultimately It's My Decision To Make But I'm Trusting GOD On This.
: talk by made me stop see and hear the 3 empires in a whole new way, thanks for telling me about it
no problem. hopefully you get it working in the morning.
so how did Justin Verlander do tonight? also, does anyone know how many pitches he threw?
Seeing Fever/Dream on Thursday at the Woolly Mammoth!
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree! haha jk!
you I like it.. you want me to put you on the site? its free!
Gotta be related to Hubert Davis.
Nice meeting you and learning about your business at
FOLLOW ME PLEASE I LOVE YOU <3 IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH TO ME
I am no baby ass girl!! And no I was no I was 10 minutes up the road from you in Denison.. Lol
SOMEBODY SKYPE ME!
Man I didn't see u in forever. I miss you shoot RT : Lol, what's up T. I'm around.
My safe word is Ouch.
Gresham Barlow SD says no school for students Wednesday.. negotiations ongoing but teachers strike nearing...
"Try not to become a man of success, but rather to become a man of value. He is considered successful in our day who gets more out of life …
thanks for attending!
- that wasn't what I was going for...but you fell for it anyway! ;o) Talk to you soon, Myrna Smyrna.
Belief creates the actual fact. William James
20 minutes until our first meeting of the semester! excited to start a great year!
ok i'm getting off text me i feel like eating poptarts and i hate when it gets all in between my keys
copy your new code> paste it in> save & close.
yeah. i had to put the gym part in there for that reason. haha.
Why most women tend to live in an abusive relationship???? Please get out why you can!!!!!!!
...Smiling... Well that doesn't happen often <.<
This game will have many disappointments but long as you learn from them that is all that matters.
#DontBeOnTwitterIf #YOLO is in every single Tweet
thanks for the BUZZ!
missed my window! I'll see if it circles back to resources.
I would love to be able to read it as I love all of your TVD stories. Just added you on LJ. My account is jadtennis. Thanks!
what's up!
Exclusive: very 1st to talk to abt hosting MBM, Stephen's old job. Very cool interview. Tune in Tues. 10p
Jus got done eatin and now I'm bout ta go ta bed
I hate me for that I just can cry about this.... what more can i do
My first period teacher <<<
Looking forward to PRSA's luncheon today: Ted Ballweg from the Alliant Energy Center speaks about event based PR!
Him and Quade would be BFF's. And that's not a good thing “: Sammy Sosa called. He wants his end of his Cubs career back.”
come to America :-)
Hello Friends, have a conference soon give me a call customized outfits 770-847-8155 #holiness, #modest apparel, #oneGod, #Jesus, #
Barack Obama for President, OOPS he is the Presi... HA HA HA, FOUR MORE YEARS!!!
: That #French Creole origin article looks good, I'll check it out after the game<U+2666>Please do, It's very informative
omgee I was doing that earlier tew
Crying doesn't mean you're weak, it means you've been too strong for too long.
kennedy town in hong kong rocks
Probably gonna do more job hunting tomorrow, gotta be able to get myself to Ohio next year... I'm determined to make this happen.
I get to go too woohoo !!!! Go g men
darkening already! Anyone else feeling like putting the sun on a leash and making it stay up longer?
Thanks for the follow. You know that we love you guys (in the most appropriate of ways of course) and appreciate what you do!
Didnt have my phone allday so I lost out on money!! But I'm back on it and its my birthday so I'mma get fucked up tonight!!
btw, what did he do that was "unacceptable"? I live in atl with you, so idk yet
"Tonight's MLS game sponsored by Tak-O bell" haha gotta love the Brit accent....
If field day is rained out I'm going to be so mad
So my sister looked absolutely stunning at prom !!!!!! I wish I was home to see her off. #tear ah prom night
4 more days y'all. Less for the private school folk. Lol.
The only goal I have this year is to figure out a way to go to Comic Con… But that probably won't be happening
Dear iTunes, why is it 99 cents for a song and $1.29 for a ringtone? Sincerely, confused
RT : just discovered you after listening to Brian Blade Fellowship (first album) - love your tone man :)
Thanks for the RT!
Love your website! It really displays your talents well... keep rockin it :)
Good service comes from great people. We get to work with, and around some of the best. Thank you to our employees and partners.
LOL, I am glad Gina, Your a wonderful friend and need to know how you touch people. and that's "touch" not "TOUCH"
hat fake laugh you do when you don't understand what someone said to you... You're like :D but deep inside you're like o_O
it'll be even more attractive with you as the godmother. js.
hey thanks for the RT, we are super excited about this new set of solutions and capabilities we are giving to customers!
These dreams i keep havin about my mom n grandma wtf
I'm so different from the girls you know... I'm not thin and I'm def taller than 5' 5" ... and you thought I would fit right in?
At some point you have to decide when enough is enough for yourself....
A tarnished ring on a tarnished chain time keeps changing come sun or rain
"William, stop wiping your greasy hands on your pants!" "I'm not - my hands are exercising!" o_O
If you haven't seen the sweet & sexy offerings from 're missing out! Come pick out something slinky at !
Do you like twibble? I need a new twitter client for bb.
#videoediting and #blogging today
Getting ready to watch the #NASCAR for the first time this season. Yay! Let the racing begin.
Don't like seeing shaq in celt green
Exclusive IMAX runs like MI:4 good for Hollywood? Clearly good for $IMAX, up 5+% and back above $20 a share.
Today the Museum enters our 14th year! Thank you to everyone who has been involved & everyone who has visited, helping to spread our mission
Your video can not be viewed on mobile and I'm on my iPod :(
not sure still working on the details
skipping school is bad Carla!
I luv criticism. It makes me dance like a butterfly in front of criticz. lol
We have the mass text system, but encourage teachers to use and to keep in closer contact with parents
My pleasure! What else do you watch for Halloween?
I do not like it. It adds no value to my daily life.
i put it back in ur locker
thank you sweetie,you know you the best too!!!
“: Greenpoint loses another gay bar, RIP Veronica People's Club" I wanna take you to a gay bar, gay bar...oh wait I can't :(
Hi Erik, thanks for following me, looks like we have lots in common, who knows? maybe someday we could work together??
doesn't realize that I have a shirt like my background here and it is way cooler than his :O but, none the less, cool as me he is.
lesbian sisters at war
Honored by Grand Jury Prize from ! Congrats to too for audience award. We love that film!
I wish Outbreak still toured..forever pissed.
#local #independent Printing Companies in #LasVegas...We want to hear about them.
Welcome to Titletown, Casey. Go Pack Go!
couple of them went to my high school
RT for a S/o to almost 3000 people that are
Everyone in LA is hella mad at the Lakers. It's comedy.
If the relationship is good why do you need a paper to define it?
I'm ready ! Let's get this Twitter Party going!
A weight has been lifted off of me. Happy about the business decision I made tonight. Looking forward to big changes in my financial future.
We gonna make it ~ Jadakiss
The samples were DELICIOUS!!! Thank you!
Did you know Oscar the Grouch was orange for the first season of Sesame Street?!
instrumental in coordinating & pep rally in '11
Haha yeah he came to the Dixie for breakfast this mornin lol
$5 All U Can Eat Tacos On Tuesday!! And Happy Hour Get it to Patron Azteca!!! Real Mexican Food!
YO I'M FRIED
Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better ~ Albert Camus
Yes absolutely!
excited to meet you!!
via Bo just said he didn't call a TO because he doesn't like leaving inbounders with no timeouts.
": If he loves you, he'll show it & not tell you"
Eating apple slices and drinking muscle milk
I think you get more comments on your GAC about people disliking that you've met them than anything else. Great job on your vid
THIS CARTOON FROM MY CHILDHOOD WAS WEIRD! I FEEL SORRY FOR THE TRIX RABBIT HE JUST WANTS SOME CEREAL!
TTWLA 2012 MAY HAVE ALREADY LOCKED IN A VENUE FOR THRILL DAY 2012 YEAH
Baby come home late, tap me on my shoulder,I'll roll over.Baby I heard you, I'm here to serve u. If its love u need, to give it is my joy
Having a late dinner at tonight. Then Food and Wine Mag's showcase tomorrow. Fun!
Food fact of the Day: March 31, 1989 Japanese Chefs in New York persuade the FDA to allow them to import and serve fogu.
Can't wait to hear the debate on WPR tomorrow morning. Should be pretty enlightening.
We smoke dope, all day, all night...you smoke Reggie, thats that shit I don't like!
Thanks! It's kind of a fun idea. And thanks for the #brogramming support, too--it's a polarizing topic but important to discuss.
Uh huh. Lol cause i didnt wanna trun off yalls notifications to my phone but my battery does NOT needa die lol.
I hate havn to blow dry my hair
PR Newswire and Business Development Institute to Host a Live Event: San Francisco Content Marketing and ...
LICK - Short Film: via
that sounds pretty awesome! It opened today, we should try to go next week
yes we do.
I'm definitely seeing a weak group. : ..what is with these weak deals on #sharktank tonight!?
I jus got to my Gramma house, I'm bout to come up there soon (:
main problem was w/ defenders & how they basically gave up just before Mick was sacked! Not willing to pay new manager also!
Take a walk. Always works for me.
Nothing has ever bothered me as much as my recent realization that I have never seen bird testicles.
Thanks to and for speaking today Always great to hear your thoughts on the world of food.
different designs are probably b/c each dept bids out its own contract. or no one cares about consistency
you got it. The Bad Seed is the best. A blond haired blue eyed little girl who kills people and a really good liar.
There is something slightly funny ab the fact that you know TED talks will be over taken in Google search by Ted the movie.
I wonder if the Wolverine Fans are really going to cheer for the Spartans tonight...
Knee surgery tomorrow... Shall I upload photos to TwitPic? <U+2764>
you don't reply to fans anymore :( I feel invisible...
#FF cause she is sweet :3
My love for Austin is bigger than :)
Are you still on scene? I don't want any( #EscapeRoutes : ) insider trading info, but did all players survive?
Yum. Hummus smeared on red pepper strips are a near-perfect protein snack .
thanks for the follow Brooke!
Wanting to do a Fitness Bootcamp. Wondering if I can handle the "work" in workout!
Thanks for the follow Carla! Look forward to your tweets
happy #monday all! how is your week going so far? anything happening this week?
Panera Bread is my Haven of Bliss.
B&h is mighty busy today. This is the first time I came here and the line was wrapped around the corner for both cash and credit.
Ugh I feel sick :(.
Just 3 more days guys!!! #UFConFox3 We can't wait! So proud to sponsor such outstanding fighters!
Performing alongside the lovely and talented Emily Clibourn tonight at Room 5 in LA. 10 pm. Stoked.
They're both bad with the bat, but you can't compare their gloves. Gonzo is tremendous in the field.
RIP Whitney Houston!
#BroughtonMemories Walkin all the way on the other side of the school to class in 6 min
pick your shit up granger damn
Thanks so much!
New iPad works on both Verizon and AT&T
"Come Morning" is coming soon to a theater near you. Follow us on FB!!! We need your likes to get into some more film festivals.
Is there a way for Man City to win the league AND QPR to stay up? That's my hope.
pics or it didn't happen
they say it takes a year and a half to come back from knee surgery. its been that for Grant and it shows
Is it just me or is the site down?
I'm looking forward to helping with some blog surgery this morning. Hopefully everything will end well.
Okay, I am on my way out the door. --Ready to see what this library is all about. :0
I LOVE MEMPHIS! GO GRIZZLIES!!!
He's a certified Mo-Town baller. He can wear what he wants!
New songs are up!!
Hahahaahahahah, absolutely!!!! With a cherry on top!!! Just for u C! ;)
" Your stupid words dont even phase me, so talk it up bitch go fucking crazy."
you never cease to amaze me great job. Can't wait to see what happens. Very sad about the hiatus
In bed by 830, you know it was a long day. #donttalktome #halfdead #shitidoformybestfriend @
Interested in the use RSS feeds in this web2.0 training
If you were at the boys' JRHS/Clover Hill game last night, you experienced some fine volleyball! Best of 5 went to CH over 1st place JRHS.
GUYS.!!!!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
A break up is like a broken mirror. It is better to leave it broken than hurt yourself trying to fix it.
really ridiculous bcause self defense is 2b be w/use of identical force #TrayvonMartin didn't even have a weapon
Shit. I just put all the business cards I collected at #cosugi10 through the wash. Sry if I said I'd follow up with you on something.
much better!
I'm cooler than Jesus riding a dinosaur.
Listening to Frank Ocean "Thinking About You" this song goes so hard
Where's Mummy?
Also, due to popular demand we are adding Chocolate Strawberry to the menu! yum Yum YUM!!!
awkward moment when twitter said you favorited something you didn't...
sorry but i forgot to put my name in the pic should i re-do it or can you put my twitter on the corner?
ya already know!!
.in my dreams mabye.
is the man
Upper st clair..too damn far
Feeling good about my bet with from a few yrs ago: "UK will win a Championship before IU goes to a Final4"
Where my Eastside people at?
higher swagger factor w/ G35. But the 350z has more mod options. Personally I'd get the G35 and slap hoes with it haha
Excellent! What's URL for the conference?
That's what I keep telling myself - about to start my first stage this week, and am excited but terrified!
you went !! awwwh, i would of met you & all the ICONiacz :)!!! im sad i couldnt go :\
yeah, I just started as wood elf.
if OMG was in my vocabulary I would find it appropriate to use right now. You were right. The vegan ranch dressing is crazy good.
Getting pumped for #TurkeyDay in just over a week!! Big travel plans or staying in South Florida this year?
Aftermath topic Kodak subsidary Pakon Inc #stocks listed define Insanity n
It's my understanding that is set for (part of?) another season. Once cancelled I'll be done with
is my favorite person to follow. Freakin' hilarious!
Watch Judge Penny Brown Reynolds on Dr Drew tonight at 9:00pm EST on HLN Network as they cover today's hot topics
DAM...Im jealous, have fun be safe. I got B-Ball we 13-3....playoffs soon cant wait!
Apparently Parmesan cheese is good on brownies, just ask Lily!
Dis bitch so smart she nothing but a dummy
from the what what ?!
good ol tosh
Nice weather today. <U+2600>
It should not be this hard to create reliable, usable metadata for a new kind of Stuff.
Great talk today!!! Everyone in the comments & Twitter seemed to love it, too!
Mine too! That reminds me... I need a few more live plants for my apartment. Sadly, my majesty palms didn't make it.
you going to be buried by my house? I live right by the cemetery.
At the mall with Megan! Eating moes!! Tradition!
Like our restaurants? Write a review on Citysearch, Opentable, Yelp, or Google places and help us serve you more. Grazie e Buona Giornata!
hopefully it wont
made muhh self some pancakes:)
Call me heartless, but I could never raise a mentally handicapped child.
Job searching is tiring
Looking for Shipyard Pumpkin in bottles. Any sightings? Giant Eagle & are out.
these new ones were supposed to last, never under estimate the jackasses of Kentuckiana, they will kill to get home.
it's not my fault I have a heavy flow and a wide set vagina.
Fuck, I missed it!
inching up the ladder trying to make it work!
love me some k puff!
On my way for Brunch! Nice out NYC
we the ones that need to be watched
what was the score of your guys game
Watching American Dad
Leap Day! Feels & smells like spring outside!
damn how cute u r. Much love thanks 4 follow
hehe.starring from my window
re: war on cats. Citrus (Lemons) are supposed to work - if no deterrence, start throwing them at them . . .
We're excited to bring our personalized water use dashboard to Texas this summer. Knowledge is empowerment
Will you be my Valentine?
Hanging out with bri and Claire :p
nope haha unless we have to bc we were told if after two we didn't have to go to school
OMFG OMFG OMFG PLEASE EDIT SOMETHING FOR ME. I took a picture with Cody & we did GCF but the--
Y do hella pinoys and paisas got nike and jordan jumpman decals on thurrr carr????
USCTMB & London, two of my great loves, together at last! Thanks for cool pic!
not a stranger. anyone can tweet. some ppl chose not to and i didnt cam cuz i was sleeping dammit
i mean, stupider than usual
I like reading bout physics, just wish I started to read it long ago... Cramming for exam.
last tweet made me realize I don't follow enough NFL scribes. probably not true, but I'm a hoarder. Anyone have any suggested (nfl)follows?
I'm surprised how popular the air jordons still are, I bet he is 2. Walking home last night & saw a line in front of foot locker, new shoes!
Last minute interns needed! Starts Jan. To apply, follow us and send in your resume to
it's the way you make me laugh when I don't even want to smile<3
major delete party on fb!!!..had to get back to to the REAL people in my life
A few of my followers will be happy to hear that RT applied for #tsu...proud of myself...makin progress!!!
Never done, star wars jokes are.
. summit kicks off tonight. 160+ orgs from all sectors gather to discuss creating more opportunities for ALL Americans.
#oomf keep talkin bout basketball wives a lil to much!
": some alone time? I'll want all day!!!" Wont your fingers get calloused? Or waterlogged?
ObiWan: "Master Yoda said I should be mindful of the future." QuiGon: "But not at the expense of the moment."
Brand New Home under construction on 833 N. Buffalo St. Very desirable location! www.everetthomesnw.com
Hope you vote to keep the #Vikings in #Minnesota tomorrow
I know this is going to make me sound like a bitch, but I'm much happier without you! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
giving away free advice is time-costly!
YOU'RE
Listen to the Red Sox Alley Show in your car! Ford's Sync, Buick and BMW provide access to Smart Radio and the Red Sox Alley Show.
or a bowl of oatmeal? RT: It's moving day! So excited to have you back in my neighborhood! Welcome home cookies perhaps?
this is crazyy?!!!!!!!! worst stuff i ever seen in my life! maybe that fire will help put out the rain
I didn't notice you were on Twitter. Yay!
Cavaliers guard Kyrie Irving expected to be named the 2012 NBA Rookie of Year.
Wow what a great end to the quarter. Beno hits the buzzer. Bucks 36, Knicks 34
MAN UP WIT YO TWEET'N AZZ....
Take a much deserved break from work and submit a question for trivia for Saturday's game against Portland!
One of our videographers has an emergency. I need another videographer to help film Long Beach Pride this weekend. Free entry! Lots of perk…
And for Android! Thanks.
Doing shot lists for my movie. O yea!!
ooh yeah, agreed!!
Goodnight y'all hope its a good one and sleep lifestyle was a pain and you just fell on a puffy cloud!
Check out our new galleries an then become a friend with us on #Facebook - www.facebook.com/TheConcertStage,
If you'd like further information on this please email Tobias at
urges schools to support the matching grant bill.
When we reject and deny our self and live a crucified life, we immediately have a new beginning in resurrection.
No! started on kickstarter for a trial run, dnt work well. I came to indiegogo with more time and visual aid now on to mrkt.
RT : “When did Amazon become the generic for bookstore?” A Buffalo bookseller skewers Amazon’s role in the ecosystem...
Getting ready for another fun teaching day w/ Little Star Guitar @ St Benedict Catholic School in Blue Island.
hey man. D Cousins just said he was headed to Gulf Shores. Holla at him. Lol
Being a real hoya means to ask yourself every day "How can I make the world a better place" and to answer by action.
If you’re looking for something fun, Pike Place Market’s Arcade Lights is tonight.
haha I'm great, how are you?
#Hobbit looks awesome...cant wait to return to middle earth :)
Instead of giving myself reasons why I can't, I give myself reasons why I can.
Well this isn't helping to alleviate my wife's unnatural obsession with Perkins.
Can't do nothin rite a hot mess
Thanks, I'm more the reporter telling the story of some remarkable colleagues. It is an interesting project
^Do you exercise as often as you would like?
- small, very flat world we live in. May see you NOLA next month William.
I did enough thinking, I asked enough questions; now all that is left are actions.
then let's go party! And get drunk!
Buckley Guitars from Austin, Texas are setting the new standard for electric guitars!
been enjoying my last couple wks in my apt before i move.
its very yummy! a friend was telling me how to make it & i was coming up with some ideas - its a wine blend with fruit!
RT : I wonder if Romney is intentionally using "middle income" not "middle class" <-absolutely
did take that "no new taxes" pledge before he voted on that billion $ hotel tax hike?
thank you for supporting LBGTQ people it means the most to me a gay Youth. Thank Yu so much and i Love yu so much! Xoxo -MM
just wasnt my time ........... thanks for all the support GOD is good ........ check out book blogs youtube/justwasntmytime1
thanks for passing along!
Same to you Sir! It is a beautiful day in Atlanta 2day. too bad I am stuck working indoors.
Today is an Actors' Day Friday.....with 2 tv auditions and one voice-over....so grateful they CALL...never take it for granted!
hectic Friday at work, New York events start next week
HOPPIN ON THE PLANE TO VEGAS!!! LOS MARIJUANOS X SOOPE MUSIC VIDEO GOIN DOWN FOR THE NEXT 72 HOURS STRAIGHT!!!
:) MT : How many people thought they were Who's Who enough to give Who's Who their $ to see their name in the Who's Who book?
In chemistry class bored af!
50 shades of grey?, I've seen all shades :)
I just finished a 6.31 mi run with a time of 1:08:48 with Nike+ GPS.
Better a buffalo than a boat.
the feather on the microphone just makes me want to stab myself in the eye.
There are about that many chairs in our kitchen so the charmington staff can click you through and I will get it approved.
What energy are u communicating? Masculine or feminine?
You're assuming those in power are literate.
oh no!
The "g" on google looks really kinky today in honor of the long departed Keith Haring.
when are you releasing box office ticket prices?
If girls ruled the world there wouldn’t be any wars, just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
definitely with reckless abandon!
Beyonce et. al : today's Barbie dolls, discarded by age and fading vocal chords. Wooers of the crowd ;and as Spanish bullfighters say : the
Can I please win a trip to #Tokyo <U+2708><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AF><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B5> ??!! I Need real ramen noodles, chu-hi, sake, and generally everything in Tokyo!
Congratulations to Lauren McCracken of T.C. Williams for winning Wash Post Young Journalist Development Program award.
Visiting my Grandmother <3
Latest DIY: printing quotes from my "words" pin board onto parchment colored card stock and framing- pix to follow!
George Clooney sometimes sleeps in the walk-in closet of his LA mansion because, he says, "all the bedrooms are too light".
We need to pull that change outta our pocket books.. We can use it, but hardly do..
Mine or her's? Probably her's. “: south side gig? LOVE your twitter slide picture”
Calling in to chat with on about the efforts to #VoteNo with
example: I've never been to xyz, I will probably get mugged there.
Rt ": I hate crap like that. Because my #OCD makes me double check. We're good."
Dear Facebook: if your only option for a trending article is about Snooki, you're doing it wrong
seems a little passive aggressive on his part...
met 2day. In his 1st sentence he said he was short like his avi pic. Smh. You are baby Jesus tall. Don't let any1 tell u diff
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
Thanks for the follow and Merry Christmas!!!! We are following back.
I get to spend #Jerzday in Texas today :)
We have our next Event planned.Christmas in Florida
Kid's markdowns today! Found some great items for my 2 month old!
It was fun while it lasted
What do you call a person who inhabits two different bodies? Married.
Gangsters love 2 type/text w/ CAPS LOCK & use NO commas n' shit. For example. I WALKED MY DOG TODAY AYE SHIT WAS CRESSY BECAUSE IT WAS HOT
His name is and no, no one would prefer him. RT “: would you prefer the Robot on #fox?”
Going to see Tricia Pridemore tonight. She's running for state chair of the Georgia Republican Party.
I got the juice noww!
Tim Cook COO will step in to the CEO Position
Well, I just found a box of Gift Cards. What to do? RT and follow and I might just send one your way!
im good just a lil sore.. hoping it dont get worse
have a nice weekend!
Excites for my lunch date with and
I train for that too! With ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
when your bf likes a pic of an ugly girl .... im like wtf O.o
thank you x)
Bitches think i'm racist, all white diamonds.
hate your soothsaying ways
Agreed! I'm on the hunt for a crashpad. If you hear of anything, lemme know :) Let's plan something soon though! I'm here!
Daydreaming of a steak vesuvio style from Harry Caray's
favorite movie of the year!
- dope!! Diplo always Kills it.. and shit so does Boy Noize.. have fun!! Cheers!!
RT : Christian Bale said he would not play the part of Batman if Robin appeared anywhere in the trilogy.
Can I rewind back to those days?
Vinyl Banner Printing www.MondoBanners.com high-quality large format online printer. Outdoor displays and vehicle magnets.
Love the
about what?
Dad, learn how the fuck to drive. Jesus Christ.
I just got Tetris Links!!!!!!!
Congrats on the new baby girl :) How is the feeling now ?
I'm here @ #sxsw at the ghostly international showcase. Hell ya!!!
blaming the games is irresponsible; the child must still be nurtured properly. Violence is result of lack of fathers/mothers!
LA was transformed into Gotham City last night and Collin worked on set of the next Batman! It was a blast!
They're doing good and smacking around the NL East in the process lol
Today was just a big test in my life. Things just happen for a reason in life.
Chips as a pre-work out snack? Probably counter productive... at least they are baked... and at least I am going to the gym.
good luck :)
holy cow! Did you know they now have pb&j flavored vodka? Of course it made me think of you
I see. Geographical location cannot be located
Thank you for 2 free tickets to Spring Break in Vegas
Studio session lastnight with Weldon the Rock'n'Roll master, and writing session tonight for sum bangin R&B..
wish I could be there. Know that I am in spirit! #1corinthians10:31
Thanks Michael!
congrats on the 92. Good job
We get it. There are a lot o' old people at the
Sure thing. Thanks for reading!
If u had a once in a lifetime oppurtunity to get noticed fo your music, but u had to be late to work to do it, would u do it?
World Needs Jonas :BB
thx for the mention. Hope the session was informative.
MY FRIENDS AND I WANT TO SEE THE NOTEBOOK MASTERPANCAKE THIS WEEKEND BUT YOU'RE SOLD OUT :( help us out!!!
amazon is fine. changed my team recently.
Surrendered my VA license. Sorry friends :(
To paraphrase , the future digital library is here, it's just unevenly distributed?
Lets read a chapter of Debt and a chapter of Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention tonight. I'll do schoolwork amanhã.
help us trend #SoProudOfMahone ! :D
Christ is the only way! Trust in him before it's too late! He loves you
u know just smooth chillin ski tripping
Happy Veterans Day!
Thanks Breezy! Lol
sorry bout the peonies
the show I work on is on the same lot....
is about to eat some Lucky Charms :D
this nigga done dated every chick on his friends list. but it's real tho
Conservative talk radio = Conspiracy talk radio
Find great local, state, and national tournaments at www.tournamentscoop.com
lol so what were you tryin to say? :)
Ill say an extra prayer for ya when I say my prayers tonight. Im sure it will all be worth it come Sat afternoons next fall
Joe Hite on the keys tonight! Come in for some great tunes while Nicolette & Ben serve you some of the finest drinks in town =)
My father was a farmer and my mother was a farmer, but, my childhood was very good
I'm bored. Bored. Bored.... BORED D:
what's the order number?
I want to buy everything!!! D;
haha i know. meet next midweek-ish for the infographic?
my sister criticized me when I told her a few years ago that I wanted to learn to mix,...
The 80s group has been selling like wild fire to stores! get excited.....it's going to be a glittery spring..
Bloodwork take 2. How do you screw up a blood test?
Pizza dough: yeast, water, half white/half white whole wheat flour, salt, olive oil mixed in the stand mixer, then let rise
s/o to , everyone go follow him. He's a cool guy with great tweet :)
look for me front row on March 2nd I'm Denver, I'll be holding a J with your name on it <3
Final Callback tonight...I'm prepared to have a blast!!!
5 to 22444 for vote vote vote!!!
RT : just endorsed John Raese for U.S. Senate from West Virginia. Pls support him in the special election on Nov. 2nd
Know what sport I want to see next? People doing tricks on tandem bicycles.
"Going back...at the track, at the wall... SS-YA!" - Michael Kay
Found a new local source! Denver street food won't know what hit it when Phase II kicks in...OK, James wife's going to bed for real now...
well there aren't really any safe hotels..
To all the Admin Pros, Happy Administrative Professionals' Day! "Sorry you have to work on the holiday honoring your work!"
Trying to sleep but too many ideas rattling around in my brain.
Wow. That is egregious (but probably not actionable)
I put a picture on your fb! looools
Hulk is unstoppable.
I wanna go out tonight, too bad i can't -__-
Tough day today. Hopefully tomorrow will bring some luck.
great event the other night at Stella :)
Oh #UMBC , nobody knows how to #OccupyApathy quite like you...
Well I took last summer off from school, but this time I'll be taking summer classes at #UNF again beginning tomorrow.
Think my beloved Florida Keys have leapt into hurricane season early. This rain has got to stop.
using one board to design my new studio, one for studio lighting, one for marketing. otherwise it's window shopping pin bliss.
the block is hot by lil Wayne
is overly obsessed with Nicki Minaj...whatever floats your boat!
did you really like my status?! Is this real life?
are you guys going to be ? I want to shake the hand of the company killing my liver.
": Watching re-runs of the Boyz on ABDC and tearing up seeing as they've come so far and grown up so much(': #ICONiacThingz"
I don't want to turn from Florence + The Machine, but when Dre and Snoop start up, I'm going to have to.
have a fantastic awesome day.
Cool, I'm in York Beach.
''GOTHAM CITY" Is finna drop very soon lets just say our fans will be getting a great christmas gift!!
Loving so far. Now my every github push is automatically followed by a build and test suite run.
we are SO glad you love the app! This helps us decide whether to bring it back next year.
Free your mind! Kill Either/Or Conversations!!!
Saw your old tweets about the Sultrem pedal. Very cool! How are things coming along with the production of them?
It's supposed to be International Networking Week, but isn't that celebrated every day here on Twitter?
Should I go out?
normal = boring
thanks 4 follow
A day of recuperation! I played three softball games yesterday, at Hillsboro Stadium Field, back to back, from 1 to 6 p.m.!
Bitch boy come to the crib and bring that GOLF
Live Life To The Fullest! :)
WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE?!?!
thanks. That was an ass kicking. Missed this workout.
I missed that
I want one of the musicians I hate in to insult me back. That would make me laugh and like their music a little bit more.
Boys are so confussing. They dont know what they want. Do they like you or do they love you? Do they want you or do they need you?
you always make mine :-)
no bombs tonight. disappointed?
Welcome Cutie (:
sorry, I don't do "ethnic" hair
Atlanta-Based Agency Develops Google Docs-Based Methodology To Help Businesses Streamline Their HubSpot Web Design ...
Hart's defense solely took away 2 runs that inning.
Shot a Taylor Made RBZ today!
This picture in my brother room
Oh alright then, hopefully those problems are resolved... Family problems are horrible.
Our pig roast is at 1817 Kenwood Dr. Back of the house with the bright orange door. 4-8pm. See you there!
But I have zero hope of a Libertarian approach being able to work within the system to change things for the better in the US.
see avatar. I'm the one on the bottom.
congrats on being followed by <3 it's my dream to be followed by her
Watching Fast Five, Vin Diesel & Paul Walker Are Both Looking Delicious! ;)
Is anyone interested in being a co-owner? i need one because i dont have time to be on this twitter alot. DM/Tweet me if your interested.(:
Dear Today Show: huh? Pandering to Fox audience or what?
Had a great workout today. I feel great!!! I got to start getting a workout in on the regular. I've been slacking lately.
Fired Kasowitz First-Year Sues for $77M, Says Firm Didn’t Appreciate His ‘Superior Legal Mind’ lnkd.in/maYEPV
I hope that's the last time you invite Lawrence Phllips over to your house.
RT : My new Muslim friend is the bomb!
i lived there for 5 years, i might be able to try that out.
Two thumbs up and a big thank you to Santa Anna!
don't you forget it ;)
imaoo. youtube sucks. -.-
North Carolina just set itself back 200 years. Fuckin morons. I'll marry a plate of mini corndogs who gives a fuck.
decisions dont make the wrong move or get plucked like a piegon
As you can see, only Bostonians tweet racist things.
I love these conversations with him (:
HAPPY NEW WEEK! Get grinnin' with today's special: the California Chicken Club on Sourdough! Topped w/ Provolone cheese, bacon, and avocado!
waking up to $330 from Miami University in my almost empty bank account?
If you don't work you won't eat... plain an simple
tell me about it. she was like go with mckenzie
spring break lol
- we're ready for ya! We've got several great coffees & pastries for you to try this afternoon
RT : #ZooTweetUp #ZooTweetUp #ZooTweetUp! Yes, I'm excited. Wouldn't it be cool if these started happening across the country?! h ...
#ThingsMyExSaid I hate you Ronald #thingsIsayBack look at me do you really think I give a FUCK ? That's why your my ex shawty lol
Just keep fighting. Remembering I'm blessed.
Soaking up the sun, listening to LCD Soundsystem while mowing the yard and drinking some beers.
Casa de Pico's guacamole has been named the best in San Diego County by the editors at San Diego Magazine!
Ok, back to play-time! ^_^
did u prank call me?
Savin that for my wedding night hahaha
how's that going for you?
Cookie monster!
Have a great weekend Boston! We hope you can join us for some bowling, billiards and fun!
Nu Shoes, "I can't wait"
Naturally, liquor and Catholics are magically delicious :)
Clearly God appreciates garish brown-nosing when he decides who will win a football game. Hey Phillip Rivers,
OMG ORGASM
See u tonight. RT Excited to guest dj tonight at Cathouse for their "F&%k Valentine's Party"!!
jeez myspace sucks and is a ghost town now days. I don't know why some of you haven't went to facebook yet. you are missing out!
Uh oh, my identity has been stolen:-(
The is a do tank said President Marc Morial at #soba12 Nncbcp
My life is falling apart
just be confident and don't be shy, cause they hate shy ppl! Be spirited too!
Know your path, create a focus; or vice versa...
I agree 2 gold tony is WAY too swagged
Thanking my mom for bringing me into the world today ;)
lol ik it is yours she said sorry :)
I forgot how amazing Lord Of The Flies is
youre not talking. go on cam
I will do my best to do pre-exercise. Not making any promises, though. :-)
And not speak like a robot
SHOULD OF NEVER OPENED..BLESS THE FOLKS WHO WILL LOSE THEIR JOBS.
The real world says "hi" from the other side! :P
its on the 13th
It does suck :(
kill it homie!
So, would you send me on those loving pictures you send everyone else?<3
Thursdays are the worst day to come to school
I've done that before. It was frustrating.
Wow--Wikipedia on hunger strike. Where were you the day the internet died?
Omg choices
This announcers are talking mad shit about the heat.. Haters
merry Xmas! :)
Finally made it home so dam sleepy
Sometimes change is a good thing. Going to get rid of kilt and come into my own.
hate you so much sometimes... doesn't even have a desk anymore, don't rub in how awesome your cushy job is!
Refactoring the ADSR processing for my secret VST Instrument.
birthday drinks and birthday sush
I get annoyed when people are like : someone else has your name and im like. Bitch no im the only one. Hop off.;p
Damn we needed that shit
Really? Drowning pool for karaoke? "i'm so manly, roar!"
no way. fresh bread is the best bread.
thanks guys! Hope you can make Friday's closing party 5-8pm?
Watching #greysanatomy with :)
When is it going to be my turn..my turn for something great...
Found you via post on Social Media Today. Loved it! I no can do on the mega-heels, tho! Ouch! ;)
Chamber Partners receive a Partnership Plaque to display at their place of business.
#ChuckNorris sleeps with a night light. Not because Chuck Norris is afraid of the dark, but the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris
i'll have to update u on the trip. awesome stuff happening. back now.
hello my public time to join the following, if we can get more of a following we can legalize it. so follow people.
That's what I'm sayin lol smh. Or when everyone else falls alseep and your the only one awake.
dance + cats = best. day. ever.
AMAZING BOTTLE SPECIAL FOR FRIDAY! RT or Message us for details. Bring your friends...party and dance the night away!!!
Thank you! RT: Nice design, stumbled across yr website from over here in New Zealand, yr ideas would work well here!
"You are considered a survivor on the day of your diagnosis."
At a work brown bag about fostering dogs. Tip-toeing farther into the world of loving dogs more than people? I blame 's mom.
Keep pushing play.
RT : "Whatever ought to be, can be." ~James Rouse
Hey I love that quote...that's awesome
I want to help you enjoy LA a little more.
Yeah! We've got a veggie sub too. Our full menu is available all day so you aren't limited to breakfast food :)
U Serious Huh???
With a custom etched bottle of course!
is my life!
I was thinking about that on my drive to work this morning as I coasted over sections of new blacktop. Smooth.
I am pretty sure I am bringing some prizes for our AV librarians at the #flacon2011 Stop in and say hello
loving the show...hope I win the trip to the set!
Have a great Easter weekend!
well theres this plant that they roll up out there ... lol jk
The missing 8 year-old boy in Tampa has been located, Tampa Police report. He was sleeping at a neighbor's apartment.
Today's schedule includes Prosevere, Coheed, and Wiz. If you can tell and Claudio Sanchez apart, you're doing better than me.
My photography is highly personal. Is that a bad thing?
A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with - a man is what he makes himself.
that's the Thing with Him you Used death many ways and I love it and its how you take it. Or how they translated it Over
Who do you call for support? Many young mothers at risk do not have a support system in place.
Presentation done and well received. Look for the Meris & Carla roadshow -- coming to your town soon.
Good. It's about time.
F.B.I.= Full body inspector........ #seriously ? Lmao wow
Thanks God the #Cavs are playing well. It makes these horrific commercials easier to suffer.
Heading to #RutgersUniversity New Brunswick campus to talk on group panel & talk to Library Science students on #UserExperience Research!!!
I'm paying less than that now, but I'm getting what I pay for - terrible service. I lost a free SX pass b/c of this.
I totally agree! Officiating was flat out terrible in this game. Ladies deserve better.
Want to cure that hangover?! Waffle House is the move.
We are on our way to Selma, AL for "Bloody Sunday"!
Platinum plus wth
Party time with :) Booyah!
Nothing worth buying on ITunes! Need some something up bump!
Man, love SF.
I love he is just amazing! Everytime I hear him sing, I feel like I am in a dream!
How do you write songs if you can't play an instrument? Ideas, tips, tricks, suggestions, advice?
a couple ;)
I hate when i eat spicy foods it always burns my ass later.
oh and its all full of love
Sign up now for SMEI's March breakfast workshop/networking event on Social Media, 3/14 7:30-9 am, Eden Resort, Lancaster....
Almost RTd that, but...no sisters? Damn.
Created an affiliate marketing site related to strength training for athletes. Have linked with many experts in their fields
Going to the game tonight? Use your ticket stub to save $5 at !
#WhatImCurrentlyDoing ....... Your mom :)
yuh, it's me, eticut. the eddy thing has been a side nickname for a long time
Have fun tonight!
You're stupid so don't talk.
"Werkin Hawd!" - We picked this up from Boston!
#imagine Austin:hey cutie Girl:wazzup Austin:not you im tlkin bout *yourname* You:*smile* -anna
You're in Indy?!
Why don't musicals get made anymore?! I want a legit answer
wow...that's terrible
Wondering, where, oh where are the 23 people that I need to reach 1000 Fans, I know your out there! Love you all Traveler.
Whoop whoop almost to 150 :D
What about the parking lot guy?
auto correct -____-
Why do people try to out do their friends?
The school has gotten very crowded over the past year. people are coming faster than people are going.
that new video is sick man the songs hard too I think you might be the only other PGH rapper im feelin right now lol
haha i look horrible!
There never has and there never will be a day when I'm not supporting Ariana.
naw I dnt get paid more...but its kooo kuz its money for doing nothin
working out chest today I think ill do a max gourmet shake with some px7030 and a little nitroext
Wouldn't he be a #ThugInRedLeatherPants ? RT : I just hope it's not ;)
ur profile pic is lovely. It really shows ur beauty.
Just got picked out as a cast member of #OTHELLO outside of #WholeFoods. They loved the show. I'll miss the #beard, but it's time.
6 people want Good Eats back and so do I. I want to know how the story ends.
True..She on point with it
Watchin Next Friday w. My lil bro
Lol wow thanks to me i ruined the whole weekend -_-
#OnceYou love someone you never stop.
Remember to ask about our rewards program at the lobby ;)
LA are you ready for this Friday? once again will be rocking like usual!
A little, but my focus is LA cultural events of all stripes.
5 Days Until '-A' :D
if u could relive 1 thing that has happened 2 u thru out the yrs what would u choose & why?? LUV YA :)))))))))
Dam. I'm too geeked about meeting this girl tomorrow.
#HLH Still on the way.
In louisville!!
Maybe I should do something like that. I mean, I'll never play a live show with this solo junk. Maybe I'll just release 6 LP's this year.
lol noo marco is, but u mentioned Me saying that lol
thanks, yup I gotta go hard or go home right? im checking the rest of this Beast V Mixtape out too. Very nice.
well the way I look at it is if your ass isn't paying rent then you gotta get the hell out lol miss you paris!!
they're like the Jesus freaks of food.
Has anyone taken the Gurumastermind course(s)?
I heard It was a good movie I just rented the hangover 2 lol
Your 4/20 wish? RT : Really hoping to see this weekend.
A dislexic man walks into a bra. RT if you get it.
Same goes for many kinds of design, but in a different way.
Men can read maps better than women. Cause only the male mind could conceive of one inch equaling a hundred miles.
Can't wait for the weekend and up to the cabbin next week.
We are open early tonight! As in NOW! $4 Stoli or Sailor drinks $2 pabst!
I hope all the ppl I followed follow me back.....
not really. Drive was an okay indie movie and In Time needed a lot more work done...
#TeamUSA vs. Japan in the #FIFA #Worldcup Finals. Can't wait till Sunday!
Had a long day at work. Going to bed early.
Wat you doing sexy
Those toaster cars are so UGLY!
So the doctor told me I have a sinus infection AGAIN. -__- Well it better be cleared up by Saturday! Have a good night everyone! <3
I downloaded the cracked version lol
You the only one with experience to do the job
thanks for the RT. Have a great day!
: Coakley isn't just taking on #TimCahill, she's taking on a very popular practice used by many state lawmakers.
Tim Horton's takes Visa now. That's so bad for my finances. Lol
Hours counting down to show tonight! Cant wait.
RESTART the phone... who knows.
Cali just don't party like we do
Should Mark Zuckerberg ditch the hoodie to impress investors? Or should he just keep making millions of dollars and wear what he wants?
Love "I can't drink, I can't go"!
we almost forgot each other
“It is more agreeable to have the power to give than to receive" Winton Churchill
“Everyone gets an idea in the shower, but the successful ones get out of the shower, dry off, and does something about it.” Nolan Bushnell
where tf dude she come frm is that 1 of your followers?
oh yeah? What's your idea??
Ha! No worries. Definitely worth a chuckle.
#Weezy106 blacklavender says weezy is a show stopper for real he steals the whole show!!!
currently in MIA - FLL in the am. Enjoying it down here my friend
Thanks for following! #MyGarbageFilm!
.: problem of the relation of underlying code and expression in platform; similar to genotypic/phenotypic layers in genome
lol I wish things were that simple. Sorry but I'm a ball of feelings.
Don't all reply all once...but two of your favorite people need an 11:30pm MCO pick up tomorrow - Sunday. #friends forever
Hey Sam how's your night going?
yes, I can't wait to get this last final over with. What time is it out there?
She's a lesbian. I would have never… hm interesting
Can anyone get to the UKSG website? Is it down?
My you tube is poetess11222 can anyone tell I'm from brooklyn? Living in pa
every where i went i ran in to robert at playlist but i did not meen!
oh those look good! Where are you enjoying those tasty beverages?
Gathering my notes and preparing for battle with my Info Technologies and Management finals.
Congrats!!! Mlps is the #1 city in America for familes wtih children.... just saying... all the best to Tina, Louise, too!
lol I picked up the wrong cap!
do you ever sleep? Love you tho!
never make a bet in pasos
ok sick. I gotta find out where I'm gonna be at tonight. Send me your number!
I'm gettin paid!
yeah its a stupid thing and other thing too why i like it but i dont remember well
Hope all you COM people out there are filming on this beautiful #COMinaDay!
windows open for me too, just hope the neighbors don't have a yelling match in the middle of the night.
Praying for justice and peace for the family of
I need to trade this lexus in...smh
lol he gets too stressed out with facebook as it is.
I GIVE UP ISNT GONNA FOLLOW ME TONIGHT!!!!!!!! MAYBE TOMORROW IS GONNA BE MY DAY:/ #FOLLOWMEALEX WELL LOVE YOU!!!!!!!
Hey guys, Would be a dream come true to sing the stretch tonight for my 25th Birthday.
remember meeting #BeastieBoys backstage as UCLA music journalist '94... surprisingly boring, reading NY Times eating apple
#ImABelieberBecause even though Justin has over 30 million fans, got a gf, and became famous, he's still the same kidrauhl
Happy Birthday Alan Rickman!
Exciting week! will be attending Festival of Ideas brought to you by
I just set a new record: I wrote 20-pg chapter in 4.5 hours. Much of it was recycled from earlier material, but I still feel pretty awesome.
On tap this fall for Science & Tech Studies: scientific controversies.
Thanks for the love ! Glad you like the webdesign work!
Oh man!!! Thanks for the update last night!
On the hunt for Galangal and Kaffir Lime Leaves ....
Big congrats to aand ash grimshaw on their wins last night on
Facta Non Verba => Deeds not words
You are playing at the Wiltern on my birthday June 20th! Probably one of the coolest birthdays I will EVER have.
“: Would you enjoy a Chardonnay that is medium-to full-bodied, ending with a citrusy and minerally edge? Show of hands...” Yes!
We hated prom.
I heared about the vinny thing! I no what he is doing is for him and what ever happen will get better!
I followed you a long ass time ago and you barely noticing lol
where did u get it? so cute :3
dude, like a boss. you look awesome!
RT : Having #ADHD is like...writing out your daily routine every day, only to forget/lose it overnight, and start over again.
Why is it so easy to create division? Why is everyone now scowering the news and sharing race related stories?
How dare the President suggest something that, prior to Boehner's turn as speaker, was always a mundane bi-partison non-issue!
Limes for the save.
Q: What are barriers to improving our transportation system? Solutions? (But with more time to answer this time.)
Three more days of running and only one tech-T. Either I have to do laundry or make a stop at
Dear Logan, You are an experiment in insanity, but you still don't hold a candle to the mess that is O'Hare. - Mattw
always down too help a homie
2 those who've found love by their side, 2 be with thru the highest tides, remember that this day is but a lie and 1 day you both will die
omg.. my favorite
yes we will!
The only thing I know about #steelernation is that you've got an awesome related project. Looks so cool! Congrats!!
SCREW U!!
i actually enjoy dedication days
Looks like I'm working Thurs on DDD4. So ready to get back to it.
is getting me way too excited about Derby hats!
You and me both RT : Still waiting to try one of those famous dishes by
Oh, yes we do.
#OWIF: Maurice! He's not actually a worm! LET HIM GO
before school? Yeah, it's gonna be a good day whether its raining or not.
When the novela started, I didn't think Mauricio was cute but he's totally growing on me!
I imagine + was trying to differentiate its gallery from 's, but I think the dark theme is more disruptive to the UX.
ni hao beijing! time for bed (i think).
Is going to sign #NDAA? American citizens indefinitely detained for being suspicious? What country is this?
Only God Knows I'm a Belieber, a Team Mindless, A Barb, a Jetsetter, a Primo squad #PSOE, but not a DIRECTIONER
The downside of Pebble's success on Kickstarter? I think that & co will "make sure" any YC company can get on no matter what.
Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're an asshole . ha
have u been to the orchestra before? How long has it been?
I think coffe or tea is the most important question. However, that may be just me.
It's way too cold outside. BUT there's food to be had. Mini vegan pizzas #ftw!
"feminut" male feminist?
well they are driving me crazy!! haha
“We’ve got puppets, acrobats. We’re a pony away from being a bar mitzvah.”-Crystal, after Cirque du Soleil’s performance.
In the moon or ON the moon?
Interesting how Pgh police telling ppl not to come to Oakland when the area is the academic/medical center in
...wrong answer :(
Guess who was a notable No Show at John Mackey Memorial? Paul Taliabue. Missing in action, as always when it comes to doing the right thing.
This non-designer is grateful for free, downloadable Photoshop templates for business cards!
Orlando - we are at Buffalo Wild wings in Altamonte. At least 150 people. Please retweet. Lots of people on vacation.
I couldn't go either. But from what I saw, besides the excellence of Cody Rhodes, it looked rather lame.
LOL. To clarify: avoid the chaos; not the duk!
hahaha! Who said I wasn't? :) “: Love how it looks like you're doing the twist! Ha”
Springsteen lives for these jam sessions
Just Go For It - humor and romance, great date movie.
Now communication is high, time is "short", liars take away the warmth of giving. FROM A FEW... The Majority are STILL GIVING>>PTL
you will! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>no worries!
s/o to my new followers <3
It's not that long if you periodically get sick from your nephews' drool. Do you have nephews?
Bright eyed and bushy tailed !!! Good Morning peeps
Send us ur questions!
Whatever the mind of man can conceive, it can achieve. - W. Clement Stone
#JBboyfriend1 love you justin
100 on my last math test of senior year! #illtakeit <U+E404>
the sunshine is gone aint no sunshine
I'd be so honored if you would give me feedback on my new music! www.facebook.com/whitedawgmusic
#EverydayIThinkAbout you and realize you probably don't do the same . . So I try to forget you.
WOULD LOVE FOR YOU TO SUPPORT OUR NATURAL HAIR GROW PRODUCT LINE(COMPLETE LENGTH) WE ADVERTISE WITH FM 98 WJLB 3135222307
I really don't know what to tell you.. I'm not buying my ticket my date is.
Steal my BEES, arrest me 4 being tailgaited, forge my checks, threaten 2 murder me, pull guns on my Spouse & I, spend $5MIL tax$ 2 cover up
GM N
640 million... I wouldn't mind if that became mine. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Be careful, that could come in the form of a hoarder keeping you captive under a pile of rotting cabbage and shoe laces.
": RT if you've beaten my character in #UFC3" gotten ktfo about a half dozen times already.
#STAR #astrology order of importance in rendering chart interpretation: first sign, then planet, the house
I'm out. G'night. Sure we'll rap again soon.
We need a brand new toilet and the power equipment then I can make an even better helmet
Our May newsletter "Pacso Breaking Ground" should be hitting your inbox any second now! Not subscribed? Message me I'll add you!
Confirmed: Double CD Release Party at the Fine Line May 14, with our arch rivals Standard Thompson. Part rock show, part WWE. Also ReadyGoes
Hear hear! Join ranks of #coolkids alum :) RT Congrats to my #mcdm colleagues graduating. Thanks to for leading the way!
i wont let another minute go to waste i want you & your beautiful soul
it made me hungry after too! Guess i need to make up tv shows that don't have food titles.
MIDDAY TODAY: David Cordish on proposed gambling expansion in Maryland 12:30 pm
Oh Boy, another day with 4 pugs in the house and Mom and Dad are away for the day. This could get interesting!!
LMFAO, OH I know ;) & I have that string that you make bracelets with, it will work the same.
like you said it's the year of the Youth and God is using the arenas in a big way!
lmao it wasn't abuse.....you tripped and fell, right!? *Ike Turner voice*
I also like how they hold their profile...I don't have to compensate
Man i can't tell you How pissed i'll be if you leave DC... but i'll always be a supporter...
Love is like a loan in a bank.... it gets interest! :)
": okay is it just me or is the music from Burlesque crazy good? #toughlover"
Happy New Year!!!
Ok enough jacking around finish this guys
I want to see, too
i am too!
congrats! what's changing?
Hmm. This means we may need to revise your Mii avatar. You must return to Virginia immediately.
Yeah we In Dallas, But Yeah if yall eva wanna do sumthin Like dat git in touch, And Dat would Be Great if you cold help promote!
Watching #Shameless. The fact that li'l Carl kept the gun and threw away the coke when they're so broke is just ... Fiona slippin'.
Know that every ‘no’ is one step closer to a ‘YES’! Never give up! Unknown
haha, years ago when i used to sing! but i would love to head back to LI soon, maybe me & should take a trip!
Off to UT Austin! Let's get these kiddos excited about the review!
happy Monday everyone....today is such a frustrated day already...
smart kids!
James Thomson~ Absence with all its pains is by this charming moment wiped away.
you got that right Vern
Is it bad that I think is drop dead gorgeous? *drooling*
Biggest crowd I've seen at TCM for MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, but smallest theatre.
You are all ridiculous.
Me either!!
Did I really just see an #internetexplorer commercial?
Like i just popped one.
give them to me! :)
I'll keep that in mind. Lol RT : If your Spurs lose, I don't want to see you on a missing poster lol
Hey! Be the first to tweet a blossom (or turd) this morning at a candidate.
I'm really riding off of three hours of sleep <U+E14C><U+E14C>
Twang Time
Funniest joke invented by Adler and me last night in Iowa: Don Nelson and Boris Yeltsin look(ed) similar. Thus Don Yeltsin.
Went from light skin to caramel , now brownskin! Lol.
2001 Bordeaux vintage was a sleeper, overshadowed by the great 2000 vintage - lots to love about both years!
what's the link for us finalists..?
Super excited to have the whole company! RT : We are very excited for the third annual Tribecon! See you tomorrow!
I need to stop giving bartenders $5 tips for being nice -_-
Drink. Refill. Repeat.
Stop by Hot Bird tonight if you're around! Will be there for birthdayness from 11:30 on.
Watching the #masters in line at the grocery store. Todays #Technology is amazing.
Youth Services Librarian is out sick today. So I led a school tour around the library. That was fun.
Wonderful things are happening at www.patrickscatering.com
Well, I worked a little yesterday so I could have the day off today. Spend it with Sabrina. <3.
Wat the deal is.
Tn happens to be the boringest saturday of my entire life maybe that'll change if not idk I'm over it
Know a cheap/free event suggestion 4 a men's mentoring group w/ kids this Wed PM?
Daughter first? Damn. Welcome to the team. Lol Congrats sir.
- great to see Facilities Managment and UTS crews out keeping things going for the essential services. Looks good.
yay! I'll pay you tomorrow.
Kids must be in bed...go take your wine and join your husband. See you tomorrow!
Now THAT'S irony.
My niggas Shaq at the lines they Brick hard turn any rental into a zip car
Also over thinking tweets RT : Over thinking which breakout sessions to attend - so many good options!!!
i knoww i really tried, hes disrespectful as hell
Finally out of that place!
Had a great dinner at , lucky my kids have adventurous palates! The Pilgrims had a form of molecular gastronomy, right?
Create a project! Let more artists know if you think of anyone, great opportunity. Hope you're well!
The gray wolf will be removed from the endangered species list next month. Do you think this is positive or negative?
Bumping and grinding like a slow jam!... Good morning wrap designers!!!! Kill it today!
girl with the dragon tattoo!!!!!!
.....where clients must leave in the morning and have no guaranteed bed for the next night.
This cash cow series by Holton Buggs is straight magical! Gotta love personal development!
<<<<<< his chick bhad his chick hood his chick bouta to get t'f booked!!!
hmm I will dm you again
that's nice of you (i think) but i am not sure who this is!
So dope that made a whole album based on the life of my boy
still not !! I'm still pissed my body is my temple lol
A clean vision, backed by clear plans, gives you an exceptional feeling of confidence and personal power.
well, the candidate is Katie's character from Dawson's creek, so...yep!
At least they bumped it from ESPN to ESPN2?
Brock has no clue what kind of stand up fighter you are.. show him...
Mothers day dinner at home and prolly at the grandma house crush mode O.o
Operation Jump Kick is now in full effect
well it helps me to know how far i am going to be sending it.
May be go time for
your sisters lol. And no summer classes for me <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> but I start working on June 4th
3 more days. 3 more days. 3 more days
#celebapprentice ohh many of us got the hashtag wrong!
I dreamed that I had something in my eye.....when I tried to get it out, my whole eyeball came out. Wonder what that means? Iputitbackinok
hold up, they do breakfast?
Thanks for the follow, Rhonda!
Whenever I think about asking a lady on a date, the other side of me says, "How about that horde mode? Wave 45? Lets try for 50. We shall!"
In Muskegon this weekend, might go swim in the lake despite the temp
Dear developers: you're awesome please don't bury bad choices of language deep in core code where it's hard to change. kthx.
How awesome! Happy Pi Day! MT : In celebration of Pi Day, we will donate 50% of lunch sales at Broadway & Pine to
This word is full of STDs... Sexually Transmitted Drama
I'm mostly all-Chrome all-the-time now, but I'll give it a shot.
That's nothing new though. And I have to say that there are some really committed, talented people here who can flip that. Gotta start now.
AWS_Web_Design....thanks again for the follow. -douggieb
RT : I'm glad I finally get to go to Emerge tonight! //me too!
Looks like Camtasia is doing great things for you! Let us know if we can help with anything
Keep it pushing til I die
Good source!
lmao same here
Psyched to be on set today!
I will find you.
Classic movie! I watched it a few weeks ago.
Playing hotel 626 im so scared
Georgia....u?
Information Week's "IT Outlook 2012 survey," gleaned that: 22% of co.s will spend more on social network monitoring via
It is in Texas after all.
In love with :)
I think my brain is on strike.
Hola Vida, ever passing through Boston again? Met you twice before at events lol keep up the great work :)
Doc Honeypunch is actively seeking booking representation!!! Give us a shout; help us out!!
Lol ohh and nothing just eating some pizza(: Wbu?
Wow... I love your shoes! I really do, lol.
During the opening ceremonies for the olympics, they made it seem like it was The Hunger Games
Oh ok u cool tho?
Lovely price changes in our Hair services menu! Coming up in a few:) wait for it! wait for it!:D
Beautiful day. Farmers market + gelato and no working on the house.
#Top20FavouriteBandsOfAllTime Pink Floyd, Alice in Chains, Led Zeppelin, Pearl Jam, Nirvana, Chevelle. :)
Please help me get followers! Tweet me if you can help me! please!
Dude! Horrible...! “: Worst fucking call ever!!!”
east bound 70 parking lot at hanley
Congrats to one of our founders Matt and his beautiful bride Naomi! They got hitched this weekend :)
3RD WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 4...SAINTS/JETS #TAKETHEOVER (45)...THERE'S NO SLOWING DOWN BREES...KEEP TAKING THE SAINTS TILL # GOES OVER 50
Downtown tailgating!!! Go panthers!!
A bird just shit like 2 inches from me. I almost had to slap a finch.
Check out our insightful interview with Relentless director Andy Amadi Okoroafor Tomorrow!
Pretty sure that this guy standing on the train farted right in my face.
My baby cousin said "A mi me gusta grande todo" and I couldn't resist but saying "that's what she said" lol
Had a blast working at the plant sale. So many nice neighbors and beautiful plants, all for a good cause, too.
Thank you federal tax return for letting me pay off my credit card..Such a good feeling!
He can Handle it... There's no better feeling than being built back up by the one who created you, framed you, & breathed purpose into you!
When nothing's sure, anything is possible~Margaret Drabble. Dwell in possibility!
wouldn't it be great if twitter could follow a command to remind you about something in an hour (or whenever)?
15 min? You didn't even give it a chance Big Cat! I think the world can agree hockey is more intense than any level of bball
I HAVE THE BATTERY! hahahah yes
That awkward moment when you wander around your parking lot because you've lost your car.
Do you like JoBros? :D
Cool! and I will tune into the Vimeo channel to see the replay.
you too Wayne.
I have good allergies so no.
Mitt Romney? MT : Wht French Premier corrected the moderator's description of his past career by humbly noting his own bad english
- Alicia, check your DM!
Looks like a great night for baseball. White Sox and Tribe. Cold wet and raining.
Mark your calendar for the annual Global Generation Awards this September in Boston! Who would you like to see honored this year?
You ever wanted that lemonade so bad you just start drinking it right out jug. in your car. after leaving the grocery store. Just happened!
Just in: "We have had great crowds for both nights and, actually we only have a few of our 400 tickets left for your show."
no I dvrd the show tonight but now I see u got eliminated. I'm so sad :( stupid show
he told me too!! and DO you yes or No? and hahahah ill tell him to delete it!!!
"He was all like, he says, 'My van broke again.' He says"
#IfITellYou you're beautiful, you are BEAUTIFUL. F*ck your insecurities!
Nice dinner & family time; now's its time for drinks :-)
dude I didn't fuckin do that, I wanna know how that shit happens to me I get like 6-7 of those a day,
no Ned's declassified is way better than fairly odd parents
Gotta love them fancy #Kobe moves.
that's post meeting supplies :-)
BANDS! Be a part of Hard Rock Rising Battle of the Band.January 17 is deadline. Go to the Hard Rock Cafe Pittsburgh Facebook page for link.
Ok *grins* oh nothing much just single and looking and yeah i am fine just bored you
Finals are coming to a end. S/o To those who is taking no slack on dem books and Saying 'cheers to da weekend'
Cable car is the best inspiration/relaxation!!!!! Loving it!!!!!!!!
Good idea, my friend.
Anthony Jackson
I love goin on twitter at 430 am. Its really fun. Hah(:
Hey there cutie=) Thank you!!
Big Ups to for the TIGHT set & for letting me sit in with them at BB Kings tonight!!
loving the name xD
go Lions :)
#BitchesTheseDays --> Act One Way Around Somebody And Another Around The Other Person =/
Thanks for the RT on the Tommy Bahama password. FYI, the NEW free pupu password is 'WEEKEND' thru 4/26.
What's your favorite candy? Dude.
takes away any suspense of player not wanting to sign with team drafted him (elway, eli, etc) correct?
Took 5 people to mcdonalds, it says 1 in 4 win a prize...none of us won... (:
About to get the quad ready to race for the weekend!
is today gonna be the day u finally follow me??<33
Do you want a President that promotes Liberalism and Socialism or a President that promotes Americanism and Patriotism? You can't have both.
Love this tip for parents. RT: Sometime the best way to take care of the people you love is to take care of yourself.
I told you I had a date already. I had promised Roberto I'd go. It was my fault tho. I'll make it up to you ha
We're talking #LeBronJames, #Dolphins, and whatever you want on the for the next 40 minutes. Listen online @
The day newspapers abandon slow, cumbersome proprietary CMS's is the day you will see me dance in the streets
Its da 1st of the month ! Get ya link cards out lbvs
Boulevard of the Allies are headed to London and Rome for some sweet-ass gigs. www.Boulevardoftheallies.com
RT : Marriage Tip: greet your spouse at the door when they come in w/a kiss and hug! It disengages work mode and relaxes them!...
the fact that he is, he gettin knocked out...
Don't mess, don't mess with me Teddy Graham
Little iPhone-having-mf's must think they better than everybody else lol.
whats on the agenda:ActiveBeta Strategies®:Â Helping Investors "Stay the Course"
Watching Snake Eyes starring and Nicholas Cage. I love Gary! How did I not know this movie existed?
#Valente, The Orphan's Tales: In the Cities of Coin and Spice. If, as I once thought, I was fated to write, I would have written these books
I can't wait to see here in Indy Sat : ) : )
Can't sleep. I think I'll watch the game again. :-)
RT Idea from scholarly communication session: could #MLA divs, groups hold unconferences w/in annual conference?
Nourish the mind like you would your body. The mind cannot survive on junk food. Jim Rohn
ever snice #someday came out people also tell me i smell good. (:
How's everyone's day going so far?!
It's NEVER acceptable to kill our Bald Eagle-symbol of freedm for ANY reason, just as its unacceptable to shred the Constitution-A@@€£%#!!
That's their thing.
were moving,slowly but surely!!
Paris Hilton is like an overgrown 13-year-old girl. Why am I watching this? Oh yeah, b/c True Blood isn't on yet! :(
Yea all of these rankings are just one mans speculation.
you wanna follow me:)
RT: Tomorrow will be our guest on #mediachat chatting on the topic of Social Trading Cards. See you at 10pm EST.
I hate to see you go, but I love your vagina.
i love u <3
Me to.. Lol
To all the Dads out there... what was the highlight of your day yesterday? Happy Father's Day, again!
The Naked and Famous also perform in Denver at Ogden Theatre Apr. 18.
We had extra money in the depart. that has to be spent #firstworldproblem At home I work at a bar-height counter. Like standing.
We have become "content" in 'living lives of quiet desperation' ~D. Thereau
Through www.savelapl.org, u can send a message to City Council w/ just a click. www.savethelibrary.com
Put this book aside for a year because it had some problems. Thrilled to look at it fresh and see how to fix them. :)
I can help you take care of that...
are you in thailand?
our library is hosting a vegan cooking show and the auditorium is packed! Love the smell of cooking veggies wafting through.
Libraries indicate knowledge values of society.
HA fantastic.
the speed networking event starts at 9am. I don't know about the filmmaking bags.
Girl just said to me "mam, excuse me mam". I am not old enough to be mam, you can call me sista, pretty lady or role model. But not mam!
Recent acquisition: Weiss-Wendt, ed, "Eradicating Differences: The Treatment of Minorities in Nazi-Dominated Europe"
watching the new noon newscast produced by my buddy
#NW Something Borrowed next! Need some eye candy up in this b*.
Yes, I am back...for now! Hehehehe! Missed you this past weekend at the UH game ;-P
MT : Kerber: "If we are to have a robust learned society, we must have a financial base that allows... flexibility"
WHO IS STEALING MY BURPING INTO THE MIC THING?!?! Hacks
Thanks for the follow! How did I miss you on Twitter??!
what happened?
I should stand outside the showroom after a show one night lol
Amazing! Thanks!
Whew, the last few months have been kind of rough. It seems as though there's viruses everywhere!!
Student asked if "calling Vermont was long distance" before he began his phone interview for Journalism class (cell phones = fewer barriers)
My husband is packersfan86. He loves #packernation!
he just came outside & that charger was there. i was like i see you & he was like hahah , how you doin?
If you need the pay really bad, yes. If you don't no.
me too. I'm glad he's okay.
I tried it...am more energetic and was able to do more cardio...but the getting to work later tradeoff was not worth it.
Topical Joke: FOR EXTERNAL USE ONLY.
THE FORSYTE SAGA, and 's novel!
fishing in the glades..
luv for the nuggethead breakfast food line!
yeah right lol
ID KILL, to have 30 seconds on stage with Justin Bieber singing to me.
iTunes is all about playing my kacapi suling (Sundanese gamelan music) today.
ONE MONTH until my #21st. HALLELUJAH!!
you are so pretty....a miss extraordinary!
« VP, Troy Vincent's #TROYSCORNER is quite simply stated this week. "Clear your mind of CAN'T"»
I'll admit it: I'm pretty shocked that Romney is leading in the tracking poll.
Happy to share! =)
Just 2 days till single women decend upon the Nation's Capitol for 2 hours to be inspired & empowered
and then I was nice and you told me to stop!!!
Heard Em say
V is for Vanity
Roenicke says Braun could get day off this week to rest Achilles. Likely would be Wed or Fri to coincide with off day Thurs.
#randommoment
no offense but why? Granlund's presence?
Yes cold reduces pain
good...cause u deserve SO much better
You thirsty #lakeview? Come in and have a home made orange smoothies, freshly squeezed orange juice, a homemade lemon soda or italian ice!
#Unify customers: Win a free Unify license! Follow & tweet to with your Unify site link + #unifygallery. First 10 win! ...
actually it was probably a good thing you couldn't answer..
What did you do to celebrate #earthday yesterday?
Great news! The test pressings have been dropped off at the RHR offices!
First interview down. I think it went pretty well. Is perception reality? That's the question!
dang im hungry
It's not over when your losing terribly... its over when you quit.
Also pretty stoked to see #Wellington!
RT : If you've seen any apps out there that @'ed you, without you asking, please tell me & I'll add 'em to the spam list.
the lives, sex lives, travels, lifestyles and other such nonsense of "celebrities" and the extremely wealthy?
Thanksie!! They really do.
You messed up now someone else is taking your place, like it or not. <U+270C>
YO WAIT SHIT TEXT ME I HAVE THINGS TO TELL YOU!!!!!!
It only takes me like an hour to brush my hair. Maybe it's time....
Mother's son. The apple doesn't fall too far from the tree! I'd still be in bed if it weren't for this test
RT : "why are we in here? It's just stuff on the walls!" art exhibit at
#NewFacebook sucks...they trying to do to much...if its not broke then why try to fix it..ijs
A2: LinkedIn allows you to connect apps to profile that can provide more info than resume. Samples of work, blog links, etc.
RT : RT : Conference Committee unanimously approves stadium report. It now moves to House for a full vote.
BEN FOR THE WIN.
#DWTS katherine & Mark gave a dancing clinic Katherine was extremely sexy.
warner bros.
YAY! Thank you! So glad you liked it! :D
Sad to say it, but I forgot about Spoon. He was great, but I'd take Melvin Sanders every time!
The awkward moment when you're that one friend who always gives relationship advice but is still single.
Tonite is in Burbank with many comics. Hilarity ensues in the YooHoo Room at 7:30.
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year ahead, may God guide us, strengthen, keep, unite and bless us all in Jesus' name, I pray, Amen!!!
College. Hands down. Team ball vs. a superstar dribbling for 20 secs then shooting.
Clam down..."Chiro" is the chiropractor...not some new hotspot that ur not hip to yet tho good concept name :-)
Sixers missing a chance to slam the door shut on Chicago for good.
No JoeMobile downtown Monday. Raining.
Slowly putting a dish in the sink and running away fast while someone is doing the dishes
lol nice. How about a 3000 miles to Graceland panel with everyone dressed as Elvis?
+5 points for opening the door, -2 for not closing it. #justkidding Ill give him all 5 for even opening the door!
NO WE DIDN'T
It is a man law violation for a man to monkey on a stick or do the sissy boo!!!
do I hear Whitney backing on "The Blood"? I think so.... this is my song!
Hooray!! Just found out I work at 12p tomorrow, not 11a!! xD
"how can I make my hometown as amazing as some of the placed I've travelled to?" great quote in another cool video.
Less than 1" of snow at Comanche / Louisiana. Streets and driveways are clear and dry.
yes ma'am!
I'm not sure if i did or nott, i hope i didn't!
im not even from texas! or live there! or even lived there!
Any good suggestions on who I should follow that will follow me back?
sometimes I wish I were behind a disused railway line
I'm going out to dinner then I'm going to dance! Yay! :]
Have a good night from the La Zombies who worked hard as well for the #MJ Tribute Flash Mob we r going to do
Woody got bit by a dog then punched it! The dog gave up after that but Woody had to get stictches and a tetanus shot!
The Always Sunny episode in which Charlie writes a musical? OMG. It's too much.
Absolutely. Demoting people to save money? Whoever heard of such a thing? And why would anyone put up with this nonsense???
In honor of #pla12, #ALA12, and the song "Anarchy in the UK," this year's pub crawl can be followed at
Effective trainers understand business needs and identify how they are linked to learning and performance needs.
nevermind! Haha i figured things out, it should be fine now! Sorry bouth the spam ;D
Keep up the #ShortyAward Nominations!
I miss you!!
Okay, I signed up for the newsletter again in hopes of being one of the first x no. of people to score an advance copy of..
aye you gone learn today
Congratulations to ! He's won tickets to Britney Spears at the Verizon Center on Sunday night!
i think im ready too go ;.
Just got detained by undercover ny cop for supposedly "following" someone at union square. Total absurd! Glad he let me go.
Anyone else ever wonder why they got so many random follows in one spurt?
8,599 miles between HPC and yet same #gospelinilfe series, same hope&heart behind it, and same Lord and Savior.
Family inheritance of the pinstripes.
idk...I should prolly call it a night lol
yeah but not like yesterday. That was awful.
i really wanted to go to school today.
am I the only one that actually likes thunderstorms? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><U+26A1>
... it's been two months since i met the boys... oh.
ugh not funny still
Happy Easter!
yeah. Just got home from the gym.
#IfIWereU I'd seriously reconsider whatever notion you had of being better than me, haha!!
.. I think Rick Perry finally realized that.
what are you doing
First Fridays at Center City park in GSO happening now music until 10pm, we have the wine!
..And when you reach success people hate on you... And when your life is sunny people rain on you
We are looking for Coldfusion programmers here in Wisconsin. Our company is growing rapidly and have great opportunities for motivated indi…
Did kaitlyn just compliment me?!,!?!
no need to do that lol
With the new iPhone 4S Santa brought this Christmas, I've decided to jump back on Twitter.
Shoot me your email and I can send you a comprehensive itinerary
Wind-Up Records founder and part-time poker player Alan Meltzer left a total of $1.5 million to his driver and doorman
have a great summer & good luck at worlds
I used to be the only michael/mike youens...i guess it's becoming a more popular name these days :)
It's suddenly 62 degrees in Florida. This means I can unpack my tights and wear them again, right?
A genius is often merely a talented person who has done all of his or her homework.- Thomas Edison
Got ReWork on audio book today. Oh yeah.
"hit me up on twitter" Ha
NWS: At least 10th warmest January. What's your opinion on our winter so far? Nice or not? Jody.Ambroz Com
#home waz hanging with some of my amigos ;)
you have vegetarian dishes there, right?
Cheerios and bananas ...why yes I just might have to
Nigga you ain't following me
Sex is like software: For every one who pays for it there are hundreds getting it for free.
Goin home and still laughing at the video I watched of my friends lol
Yes! Rangers!
Thanks for all of the love. Your collaborative gift will be donated to
Peter Kim, founder & CEO of talking diff between a great brand and a great business.
I want to buy her some heart-shaped glasses!
On Cinco de Mayo, make it spicy with savory recipes – USA TODAY ...
I'm gonna try to convince my sister to record a Call me Maybe video with me this wkend & if she agrees..it could possibly be pretty awesome!
I get so easily distracted from doing my work it's ridiculous.
Seeing The Lucky One with
Life's battles don't always go to the faster, stronger man. The man who wins is the man who thinks he can.
hats off to for enforcing a new 'healthy' standard in models. Designers, take notes!
They call me white devil, black jesus, heaven closes, hell freezes.
Great walk with Lisa and the knuckleheads, thanks guys!
Nope, in Virginia. Work starts tomorrow.
Least talk most work.
My 8 year old son Otis loves you, we were at the rally today..he said, go get em Vince!
have fun guys.
how'd it feel to win the iPad 3 you saw the video on our Facebook?
That green olive dip is so easy, and delicious - especially for a dip with challah.
How we doin today? RT “: let me take out my frustrations on you ;x”
oohk thanks and i will have yo skittles tomorrow
Can't believe tomorrow is the last day of school...don't really know how to react to that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Iam on my way to the Verzion Center in Washington DC for my very 1st ever concert. Nickelback, Seether, Busch, and My Darkest Days. Some ...
The next time I go on a date, I dont care where, could be the movies, park, McDonalds, house, I'll wear a dress C:
LOL! I was thinking a day or two before or after. Might as well enjoy the Vegas sun while I'm there!
Josie just ate my favorite makeup brush. Boo.
I'm great. Hope all is well with you.
To be a good loser is to learn how to win. -Carl Sandburg
It would indeed. But she spells it cerra cuz she's classy.
Yoga woo
We have SO much catching up to do -- what's your weekend looking like?
Greenwich Italian Eatery Redefines Family Dining - The Daily Stamford
Wondering how you are going to make payroll and bills during your slow season? Factoring can be the answer.
an ugly personality ruins a pretty face
glad to do it, she was super cool!
"Don't overthink just hope its right.."
jailed by twitter again :(
I hate how you just got off the phone with me. Not cool bro.
": You don't really need someone to complete you. You only need someone to accept you completely."
Set up new TV surround sound so I can hear the Dolphins pass on a QB from 10 different angles tonight. Will feel like I'm there. Hell I mean
umm can you say pustule? Who cooked that?
RT : How am I awake/alive? <~ lol
I have one question. Where are their sleeves?
Yay! I close too
Bigger tragedy for Houston fans? Oilers moving by far! Still miss them!!
The Lucky Star Casino Concert will be moving after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
No idea but probably online!
He's a failed actor, he supposed to be visually pleasing.
Great morning looking at early 18C weavers' petitions
finals suck ! i had to write a 6 page essay !
No one called me or prank called me D:
you're a bitch ass nigga forreal
Dear Eminem, Not only do we have the same name, but we're both black on the inside too Sincerely, M&Ms.
About to check out a talk by CA poet laureate Juan Felipe Herrera
Thank you to !
The new Buicks look Awesome! :)
amen to that sister!! i'm coming back to BR thursday :D
You are so lucky. I got A-Rod's in Kansas City !!!!
hahaha I needa make sure I know what you mean bc I think it's the POCKETS:) one
Happy Easter Everyone!!! We wish you and your loved ones a very Joyous day :)
but the rat in tatatouille was kinda cute, in a not really cute way hahahaha . Tell me all about it tomorrow!
U CAN HAVE IT ANYWAY U WANT IT #ANYWAYUWANTIT;-)
Lmfao I live sending whales.. I do it to piss him off
Sometimes your music, your voice and your songs are the only light that you find to leave your own darkness.
There is nothing more soothing than the sound of rain and Netflix on a Sunday night.
you looked gorgeous girl! (:
#Memberprofilein140: Biz attorney Andrew May excels @ contracts + hedge funds & litigation. "A fresh approach to a venerable profession."
The Pauly D Project......
Sometimes I wonder way cant we see god and tell other people how he looks and how he acts
Daddy's garden > grocery store
/// Sitting here watching this "Detroit State Of Mind" documentary. That nigga JT did my dude wrong bro..
Whats the cheesy word out right now?
9% battery life and its not even noon yet -_-
thank you for the RT! Love you on RHNY
check out its a community 4 charitable causes to seek advice and help one another!
YAM 2012 is definitely set up to be an epic one! ;)
If there was a hero that saved people from awkward conversations, he'd be more popular than Superman.
do you have any recommendations on a good Mac personal finance app? Quicken & iBank don't seem to cut it compared to PC Quicken. :(
And who do you call if you will live a little more than five minutes?
Great series against the Reds! Brewers need to bring the beast to Wrigley!
#beyondalgorithms sadly not a well thought out panel. too many voices - no coherency. moving on.
Hillary look OLD!!!!!!
if any of my friends took part in the UK trophy tour, send me a picture!
My dog is hogging the air-conditioning!! He is just laying on the air vent I mean its hot but not that hot!
Taking a tour of DePaul university with my daughter!!!!yikes !! Who's gonna pay for this....any takers?? \m/
Okay , so my 700th tweet goes to , , for being amazing friends ! I love you guyss !
lie again bitch matter fact take another pill lolz BTW I didn't meet her last year Lil bill
You'll be one of first to know when we've posted the HD videos from all 3 rooms of content PLUS the PPTs available for DL also.
#TEXASFRIGHTMAREWEEKEND i'ma meet the mom from Carrie <3
RT you get a pass this morning lol// cool! Lol
hey! So is your biggest fan!
we can't wait to see you Friday too! It's always fun when you come to the store :)
I hope you do the same :)
Police are offering free public transportation to #OccupyPhilly protestors who leave. Quick, public transpo may not be around much longer!
Are you a person driven by #action or #fear?
Vacationing in Myrtle Bch with hubby and kids. Having the best time ever. Family is what love is all about. Thank u Lord for blessing us.
<it does!
Not really. Can you ask why he won't put a button on the right side of the mouse? Who's not following industry standards now?
Dentist waiting room showing The View. Can't even get me in the chair before the torture begins.
I'll stop loving One Direction when diamonds don't sparkle, flowers don't grow When thunder doesn't echo & rivers don't flow. <3
That's how you do it, son! I gotta keep going...i'm gonna lose those last 60 pounds of baby fat.
M cozy bed plus no clothes equals a good nights sleep c:
San Diego city council votes to support next step in effort to expand San Diego's Convention Center. Expansion will create jobs in San Diego
“: If you bite my lip or neck, you better start taking your f**king clothes off. Just Saying!”
Who could not love Roseanne getting slammed with a log.
Reminder to current students: Don’t forget to submit Winter 2012 Registration forms to the Registrar’s Office by Monday, October 31st!
You are the brightest star under sunlight!
about as often as i've seen smile in games RT : have yall ever seen mike woodson smile?
Should Be there at 7 sharp. :) u unfollow me again? Can't DM. Arg!!
I like him in the studio. Hate him on pbp for anything.
Not from earth, my planet’s foreign- P.Goods
yeah I only fuck wit the classy 1s not the HOODRATTY hoodrats <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
RT ME! Im probably the only 15 yr old who knows who u r lol. I'm lame. Every time I mention you people ask me who's that?ha!
Just Talking Too My Ex! (: && My BestFriend!<3
Don't forget to drink plenty of water throughout the day.
Another great Wednesday of 18 holes with cart for $18
are you kidding me? that was crazy fast.
lol, I knew that had to be a joke...nice
- thx Natahsa... I was able to finish by phone. torture. wish y'all would create text service.
where r u? Lol
And when the truth hurts, I pop pain pills.
Fascinating people following me that are totally worth following:
is getting great ideas at LOEX! Best one so far...free cell phone polling from polleverywhere.com
i love the moments when all of my ideas keep me awake at night and i won't sleep until i write them out
I heard some events at #g4g10 are open to the public, but I can't find any info on the website. Help?
we have cities best chicken & waffles, gumbo and po'boys but you will love everything, can't wait to have you
Your Content, Our Resources ~ Allerent Consulting www.allerentconsulting.com
oh how nice!! I look forward
Wooden Shijps is a great band. They play guitars through fired up vacuum tubes: pure & raw.
whenever someone spells something wrong, i always look to see if the two letters are close on the computer jeyboard
<3 solidarity forever.
Finish it NOW, Corey.
Back In Time #MIB3 - amazon song of the day :)
LOL Do you think Reed will play this year?
Yo we're talking about Disney world and like I literally piss on myself when I go to the magic kingdom. I love feeling like a kid again
I know right? <3 Let's Skype this instant, babe <3
Sean Murphy describes "you can see the source but can't do anything with it" as open source. Sigh.
Dixie :) little southern girl with a lot of spunk!! LOL
#SaySomething makes me wanna drop everything im doing and dance<3 #PERFECTION 9
- i'm bad at it & hate trying to empty people's pockets for other people.
bouta watch movies & k.o cus there's nada better to do. -__-
im on facebook too!!! add me and my fan page!!!!!
Aww man! I won't be able to play. Have fun!
So baby let me love you down
*Why is it still cold here!!!-_-
#Braun say it ain't so...this is just a bad dream
but funny.
'Dab or not to dab?' seminar right now at the Med Can Cup...
A perfect person Doesn't Smoke Doesn't Drink Doesn't Cry and Doesn't Exist
i swear i wasnt tierd until i sat down lol o wow i can see me sleeping in tomorrow
why i no see you before you went home
cool ranch??
Shoot went awesome thank God the weather held up! Now onto post.
agreed! About to drop the video
generous, authentic, cool, contemporary, heart
Thank you! :)
RT LOL I HAVE TO GO VISIT HER TOMORROW!!!!! • ^_^ yeaa come!
Happy Friday! Decided to get up early and start what will be a great day!
Things are heading south quickly.
i swear i spend more time in ohio than kentucky.
lmao probably one of the funniest things I've ever said xD
NBA showing it still has influence in the East Coast. Thought NHL had total control, didn't ya.
Jones Day has hired mass tort litigator Barbara Harding in its Washington, D.C. office. Ms. Harding was previously with Kirkland & Ellis.
hi Rob, thanks for following!
The task of leadership is not to put greatness into people, but to elicit it, for the greatness is there already
appreciate yourselves
Rented Moneyball & ordered pizza tonight with hubby. 2 things remain true: pizza will always give me heartburn and Brad Pitt is still H-O-T!
to what blacks went through. I think the Black Panthers should be punished for what they did too, but come on.
Had a great night working with James Slater and Martin Johnson followed by midnight run for cinnamon sugar donuts. Theyre so bad but so good
I've NEVER heard of a studio requiring CPR. do they have medically fragile children or what?
my phone done it yet
Football practice over. Starting linebacker and fullback baby!!
........ its already October... today feels like July... =D
I can't believe the Justin Bieber concert was rescheduled! :( I guess i'll just have to wait till wednesday and hope he's better! :)
Well... more like has been for a while.
That's good , What part ? : I'm finna join the military.
same here.. I'm getting back up there later on tonight... We'll figure out something to do
#Ishouldvekissedyou A LONG TIME AGO.
you down for Mass Effect 3 co op tonight man?
does any1 else miss me???lol
taught my first ever class in a computer lab. i am not yet proficient enough at drawing out the social capacities of indiv stations
oh no, computer in the porn pod isn't working!
I dont wanna play toy. I'm not a dog..
I love you Justin !!
awww can I came what you lol
Romney supported testing, school choice.
#mygraduationspeech really now you're trending?! I trended this a month ago -.-
I really really really love you guys!! I can't wait to see you in the summer! Especially Logan Henderson!! <3
very cool :-) I have always wanted to visit Italy! Hear it is beautiful there!
Note to self - Using a green to cover the fading black, only makes the people in quick sketch look like zombies.
Cannot get enough of this sun right now. Anyone up for daily doubles this week?
Yeah, he can suck the big one.
The fate of love is that it always seems too little or too much.
That suprised sucked for a majority of us. Fans keep meeting him again and again.
Fluidity that's the true movement of soul !
RT : RT Joliprint- can clip out what do not want to print (saves from wasting paper)
I and the BFT Family would like to wish you a happy and safe Thanksgiving holiday weekend.
Stick to ordering out. No knives involved.
And I will live, and I will live for You! Man is killing me right now! Amazing worship!
The boys' first American concert was in Chicago and now their first American book signing is in Chicago. CHICAGO IS SPECIAL, OK.
RT N now those bots selling exercise/diet stuff will try to follow me. S***. lol.
Did this happen to be by the summer bins at Milford market?
“Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.” Guess who
#Royals fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Royals #WhiteSox)
I <3 AC + KG. Happy 2012 from the boyz in DC.
im craving a lunchable
You're in my heart, you're in my mind..you're the star that will always shine..forever you'll be, with me...
I love how wonderfully political it feels to drive thru vast expanses of farmland listening to John Cougar Mellencamp
Keep those Latino news feed coming. They are helpful.
thanks! Enjoy your running! :-)
“: Isn't this the best part of waking up? Finding someone you can't get enough of?”
i got da job
wow...at 1st glance I thought your headline read "Vista man in souffle with deputies "...that would have been interesting!
do u even have a team : )
Thank you to everyone who dropped off their business cards for a chance to win $250.00 We will be doing the drawing soon. Stay tuned!
Right, been doing it for a week myself and I'm exhausted!
And yes, I am in slightly over my head, but, ssssh, we won't tell them that. Besides, everyone starts that way...
ugh sparknotes are also boring :/
absolutely not :) & 203!
Looks like Michael Vick swollen hand has finished him for the rest of this game!
gotta teach this guy about the share button
Frequently can't send a tweet. Never can see a user's timeline in the user card. Error messages cite API problems.
Ecosandbag. Bag weighs 14.5 ounces. Submerse in water for 3-5 mins and it swells to a 35lb sandless sandbag. No sand, no construction
six drinks later...at the duplex dinner. I don't know anyone here. Perhaps I'm still not a washingtonian after ten years. I am drunk though
hopefully my next time in Vegas ima get one goin. Just hit me man. This new song a banger
She was on my flight back to NY. She's fucking gorgeous. I think i'm in love.
Osama Bin Laden is dead.
you look like a chubby chaser.
including you? One. :) I'm really not sure, but Sojo had a strong Reformed Judaism following. Glad you met Jim. He's great.
Really? Are you still able to get a decent amount of impressions vs. the same broad keywords?
We're learning from our friends at today!
Good news everyone: We're gearing up to start recording a new five track EP in September! What songs do you want to hear on it?
Had a steady 30mbps wireless connection, now it's a iffy 6mbps at best. Had to swap out the comcast router/gateway twice. WTF I need this!
Women always worry about the things that men forget; men always worry about the things women remember. ~
Quote of the day - "If you do what you've done before, you get what you've got." So true.
What ABout Me? :( Hahah
You is a freak, but... I'm a freak too. Let's start a circus! and you're welcome!
Mon.-Thurs. carry-out, dine in, delivery. XL pizza 100% Wisconsin mozzarella and your choice of 2 toppings, bread sticks and 4 sodas, $13.
Finished Mad Men seasons 1-4, great show, incredibly depressing
Ready ankles.
“ I dont even care, I'll always listen to ”
Grow up.
EveryThing Was Perfect Other Than My Mama Trying To Snap .
Welcome! Good luck in building your PLN. Hope you find Twitter as rewarding as I do!
Tell Eric I said hi!
All candidates, equally? That's crazy. I don't support that, and I'm a county chair. All should get some support.
You and me both! Worst day for traffic accidents is the Monday after DST!
IM STABBING MYSELF MENTALLY
love y'all
Soo I see people are hating on Just shut the fuck up youu ain't got nothing on her. LOL JEALOUS BITCHES!
Thanks for the RT!
The real will rise while the fake will run
Aaron was on time at work for the first time today!!! Let's celebrate!!
NY or SF?
I feel good about it. He is on my fantasy team as well! “: hopefully true! He's on my fantasy team! #Masters”
Thank u so much it means alot! Im glad u like it!! :D
Russ Salzberg said "Jason" 2day during parade coverage, c'mon man! TODAY?! (He quickly corrected it) does JPP get "Justin?"
watching futurama marathon on comedy central.. Hillarious. @@
Good first half UK and UL!
I'm tryna stop smoking weed but i'm a drink til i go
Giants game. The National league is so boring.
Accosted today by a cop who wanted me to be Italian.
Pink Slip "Diary of a Black Author" Needs your support "Like" us on Facebook This work is being submitted for two awards this year
i knurrrr right
Reminded of when fellow nonsmoker & I attended 's rally (i.e., trip to bar) vs fascism (i.e. DC smoking ban)
and how was last nighht ?
All These Songs Are The Bomb!!!
it is fine, I appreciate the contact, i never want a time table on anyone. so it is never a late reply. have a good day.
Ernest Hemingway~ Theres nothing noble in being superior to your fellow men. True nobility is being superior to your former self.
Once you come to a clear understanding of who you are - taking into account all your strengths and weaknesses, you can build a great team.
Couldn't agree more! MT A4: It's a daily, weekly, monthly and annual effort to build in creative breaks
BEING INTERVIEWED IS SO WEIRD.
Signs are every; we have to stay strong! YE
Woow I let my bro play a game on my phone & now he's was just on here . Dude #Gtfo >.<
It's about 36 hours from now when ProductCamp Boston gets underway! Will you be there? I will!
Signs of Spring: lots of pasty white skin.
Can't wait!RT : Saturday's No. 14/16 #UNLVmbb game vs. No. 13/14 San Diego State at the Thomas & Mack Center is officially sold out.
but yeah, if anyone wants that microwave, lemme know. I`ll bring it over right now.
I wish people had dog tails, so I could tell if they were really glad to see me.
this particular week is SO necessary...stocks, bonds, mutual funds, etc. freak me out!
Missing you
La Jolla Sea Caves – A Trip through Time
oh yea flipper is free. Time to call ace to get on it.
#MyBmoreSurvivalTips If your not a RAVENS fan, you should leave!
I don't know...I think messed up the weather system... :/
Connect In My World.{}
charges $1 to change an address. Really? It costs your computers nothing to process.
Lol. I just took all of the frappuccinos and snapples from my grandmas fridge
Relationships do not need promises, terms, and conditions. It just needs two wonderful people one who can trust and one who can understand.
& i getting warmed up in the beer garden. GO CLIPPERS
When you love a man, he becomes more than a body
i love you so mutch!!!! i need support right now.. My grandma is very sick and i need support from you so please follow me!:(
Check your DM, please!
Superlatives come with age.
Why concussion parodical but no Preventive componet to reduce risk of happening again. Oh it make no dollars so it makes no sense
Lol yeah they did
Dj RSM spinning your favorite tracks, $7 Margaritas, Happy Cinco de Mayo!
is beautiful :)
i felt the same way. loved seeing it on the big screen, liked how 1st person narrative became a movie, but not sure of changes!
Exactly what I love to see. #ChokedUp RT More than 40,000 attended #Marlins Fanfest and more than 130,000 tickets sold.
Burn more calories, increase your endurance, and burn more belly fat with high-intensity interval training.
Chi va a letto senza cena tutta la notte si dimena. -He who goes to bed without eating, will regret it throughout the night.
Bosh flies back to South Beach for new baby, questionable for Game 3
well they are stinkers! my son was asleep--did not make an earlier flight but all went smoothly. Took a 2-hr nap today! Heaven.
thank you :)
this band is playing Call Me Maybe, is still better!
Todays special at BDW! Make any burger a double for 1.00 more add a 1.00 to make it a combo.
The parents are coming into town this week. Gotta stock up on beer, margaritas and movies that my Dad rests his eyes to.
Loved that low angle, close up turf shot. We're not at JELD-WEN Field anymore!
Just trying to get the word about before we get our demo out! www.facebook.com/thingsfallapartband
James Vincent McMorrow is rocking my world right now
I'd totally let you "hack" my "twitter"....if you know what I mean....heh
with #grading done, time now to dig into summer: write a chapter, propose a chapter, give a talk, write a book
we can always pop tha biggest bottles homie!
BlackBerry App World - 2 million downloads/day - 13,000 apps available
“He will yet fill your mouth with laughter, and your lips with shouting.” - Job 8:21
Just wrapped an amazing shoot with an amazing cast and crew!
Swaggie.... Even my phone spells swaggy like swaggie and if I try to type swaggy my phone puts saggy
So excited to be back in with my favorite collaborator ... The music feels so good!
"Umm, would you take a picture with me? You're so great."
A friend tipped us on an O.S. bar we missed - Regina & Joe's. I check it out on yelp & 1st review is from who gave it 5 stars in '07
Hi Marty! Great meeting you at Blueglass. What brings you to SF?
hey, I just sent you a DM :)
People are always so quick to judge.
Today's Universities are fine places to escape. But most people only stay 3 or 4 years. America is rich with schools and libraries
don't be so mad
Safe travels today and hope all our fans and followers have a wonderful Thanksgiving!
My prayers to Tyler Perry and everyone at Tyler Perry Studios
really, my life was made once i found that Janelle Monae idgaf gif.
Hey Drum! Thanks for the follow. Love the mag & can't wait to show you guys the Drumageddon Manhattan/Times Square video!
America the Beautiful is a better song than the Star Spangled Banner.
Thanks, Wayne! :)
church w family, now lunch!! T-storms here so no plans tonight, but you enjoy!!
Can you contribute any elements of your spiritual growth to your experiences at an HBCU?
Let me stop ...
Thanks for the follow Joel!
I miss playing D&D. #D&D
spongebob may live in bikini bottom but i live in AC shoe bottom <3 FOLLOW ME luv u 2 brahhhs
having a laughing problem?
Thanks! I have sent you the information.
#Google or Facebook: #Ihaveanidea! It is new & BIG. It's 4 social media, politics, status, trends & water cooler 122011
Great visit with Miles Davis! During our visit, heard feedback from one of his customers who really likes the new Roy Seaman Storm!
if that is the inventors I watched once. It didn't spark my interest much. .:-(
We have some give aways coming up signed posters by Before You Exit and The After Party :)
I agree w/ the Entourage estimation. Yet disagree with your Buffy critique. I'm all for Season 6. Yes...even Doublemeat Palace.
Hoping my heels come tomorrow!
thanks for the great visit on wish it could have been longer, U better come back!!!
Be sure to give a big happy birthday to our vocalist Rachel! HAPPY BIRTHDAY, RACHEL!!!!!!!!!! :D
Coldplay have completely hijacked the worldwide trends.
My head has been pounding all same day
ya can't wait! And ya we should do Ustream soon!
Moving a little slow on the rise and shine part today. Of course that 7:00 wake up was a one day thing. What's up with you today?
Andrew Andrews should be awesome, though. And Mark McLaughlin might commit soon. I'd expect those 2 to pick up the slack more.
yes, rats will outlive the #nyc subway system
Do you live in #SWFL ? Do you feel like you have been #injured by an employer? NoonanLaw.com
right on dude
Ew he looks like a rat
thanks for the follow! looks like you are doing important and wonderful work!
Congrats on the funding-well done!
"I know she totally hates me."
Sometimes we fall in love with the wrong person. But that 'wrong' person prepared us for the 'right' one.
NY real estate agents say sales of small studio and 1-bedroom apartments are due to renters not wanting to pay such high rent
while enjoying a free Blueberry Banana Nut Oatmeal w/ purchase of any beverage at McD's!
I really wanna work out
#Women: You are not GUMBY, so don't bend over backwards for men who don't deserve it! He will try to see how far you'll bend!
He's cute. He's tall. He's got gorgeous eyes. And a stunning smile. he's mine. <3
Three airports today. Each with less well-dressed passengers than the last. Sigh.
The Atari ST was based on a war grave. And we deliberately calibrated the questions to be impossible.
bloomberg news: iPhones coming to verizon in Jan, 2011
It's clear who Clark Kellogg is for. Lol
check out my site DMEcollective.com & other twitter
SCHOOL IS NO BUENO.
Can't sleep. Too much on my mind
all black sambas... pure
you are my inspiration
Why differentiate? Both seem well interconnected
John Lennon's "Happy Xmas" is just so good. How could I have forgotten? I even like Yoko's vocals.
thanks Adam!
I don't know what Nagra st49s are, but my former landlord on Vashon was a prop master for "the wonder years". So much cool junk.
If there is a turnover, I blame you.
FREE STUDIO TIME... Call (678) 653-1883 to find out more!!!!
just here for the weekend for a wedding!
Yahoo trims up after cutting 14% of its workforce. So what will Yahoo become? Somebody buy them already!
true...this is a joke. Maya, Tribe of Israelites, and the Mound Builders all in one. The GA site form list historical origin.
#FollowFriday- Thanks for the #FF mentions & !! Make sure you all check them out, give a follow!!
Don't forget to look up from time to time today... chunks of #NASA metal may be falling somewhere close to you... quick duck!!
ha, not so much!
Our prayers go out to the #VaTech community.
oh word. You on that level?
Might check out for my iPhone. Anyone else use it?
thats a cool title for your next track!
Has anyone heard "copy, paste" by Diggie Simmons? Rev, your son has officially killed hip hop
- Thanks Prof Smooke! You're always so helpful.
follow me! (: please
"I don't have to look up my family tree, because I know that I'm the sap."
Hey Mr.BeautifulSmile. Want to make your beatiful face show up in my mentions?
lol, you had to be the designated driver. You could of atleast said hi, rude. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> lol, jk.
And another thing: has anyone noticed the creepy stalker vibe of Twitter's "following" and "being followed?"
Watching Sexting in Suburbia and textin' the love of my life <3
please follow me, I think ur amazing :)
hahhahahha hbibe walla hahahhahah yu the only one who understand me ;) hahhah cat stop laughing
:i'm freaky huh' me: yeah you are : i'm freaky and i know*_* hah funny times in
Why is it that all the dumbest people I know are also the most highly-educated, and all the sharpest people I know are dropouts? #wtf?
Fight was free of charge ..I just wasted my time
RT: Measure your success through happiness..
Is wiped out
Tatt this weekend possibly !
my head hurts so bad i just died...respawn in 3, 2, 1...
Mines the day after your's!(:
Hopefully I can shed the smell of onion, herbs, all seasonings by the time I take my first bite!
damn been runnin around this city all day im ready sleep
Mr. Jeffers thanks you.
I tweeted you the other day asking if you could text Lindsay for me
My mom was asking me why kept touching his crotch in iCarly and then she was like "Wait a minute ALL OF THEM ARE"
goin for a run in the arctic tundra of pennsylvania lmaooo should be funn
I'm home, but #Faffcon is still singing in my heart! Can't hardly wait for Ventura Beach in March!
thanks for RT
We're looking for WORD's BIGGEST FAN!! Is it you? YOU? Or you..., yes YOU!! Tell us who you are!! We will reward you for letting us know!!
“: I rather cuddle and watch a movie with you, instead of going out to a party.” so not true with me lol
REMINDER from CPH: Tomorrow, November 8, is Election Day. Be sure to exercise the sinews of democracy and VOTE.
thank you too
You think you're sick of "Thriller" until you hear it at a roller rink.
get ready for surprise stomps! yeehaw!
HEY THIS SHAE! FOLLOW ME ON
And congrats too for a big #Pulitzer win!
Hey do you have a widget that we can embed into our site to raise awareness around our campaign with you?
Oh hey, you've been granted that wish... Haha.
Listen to us on Last.fm, Spotify, facebook, Reverb Nation, SoundCloud and Myspace!
Gerald & Cathy are on their way to the Midwest Grape/Wine Conf./Trade Show. Stop by & say hello at booths 245/247. Cash /Carry discounts!
All of our no's prepare us for the most valuable "yes."
crying to turn to you right now.. no big deal
My pleasure! RT : Thankyou so much for including our Gymkhana wallpaper on your blog today! x
Suck it easy
Category 17-b winner is PBC 2010 Branding Campaign
DaliaSigmond231 thanks for following me on Twitter!
I love the Nightmare Before Christmas songs! I found a Pat Benetar version of Helter Skelter btw!
why did they move him out of the photo in the first place?
3rd most common behind Nagy and Kovach! Def the most Hungarian-sounding of the three though
The awards will be handed out soon to the best of the best. We will save you a seat!
lol ok monta ellis or kevin martin?
I can't think about food after all that poop talk.
#Dodgers win season opener against the #Padres, 5-3. Great way to start the season!
Awesome! RT : can't wait to see you too!!
I know you'll never notice this but, I would probably faint if you RT this or followed me! <333
RT : Ah well, you fight unemployment with the FOMC you have, not the FOMC you might want or wish to have at a later time
Dames (1934) at #TIL "I Only Have Eyes for You" was originally written for this film!
...or maybe the vet just knows you're Bill Buchanan
hey is not behaving and won't correct him
I had to "drag" a few of em the only thing they could try to get me wit was kim then when they figured out I really wasn't
Robert Pinsky #WFUD12 telling terribly painful story of how it took 10 YEARS (!!) to get permission for video of teenager reading a poem
Cute!!!! I'm still jealous you bought that bracelet set. I was about to keep it for myself. lol.
Thats a rough way to go out for JoePa
Just going out to start up the car is probably at least 2 hours to him.
why did i ever have to start talking to you
How about some Black Butte Porter?? try it at Much Ado About Brew....April 2nd - tix on sale now kgoraio.com/beer
understandable no rush man do what you gotta do!
Getting drunk w/ your mom & then ranting about your dysfunctional family? Done and done.
The oil drilling episode on Saved by the Bell gets me every time. Poor Becky.
hahaha.....that sounds like the opening of an 80's action movie
i hate the almost sick feeling.
Peter #Drucker midweek idea: "There usually are more good ideas in even the stodgiest organization than can possibly be exploited."
Did you read the second Gentleman Bastards book?
it is the 201st anniversary of the first Oktoberfest and there is a disturbing lack of beer in our collection.
i hope you dont get sick are you okay
I knew that was the sign he was the one lol horse snot. Who would have thought. Had I more cash on me at the time I would have bet
at the end of Q3, D-Fenders with 69-67 lead over the Jam
wif my cuzin hanging out n chilling
Anyone know if P. Schaeffer and the MC dudes worked from scores ever? Was Cage's Williams Mix the first "scored" tape music?
white boys can hoop
The Militant promises an ultimate #ExpoLine tour post by the time the Culver City station opens this Summer!
I think we might put up a "behind the scenes" video since our EP release got pushed back.
We are both gorgeous and SMART!
At least you lived long enough to see Philly shuffled out in the second round, right?
I see now the skill even machine quilting requires. Anyone have any binding hints? Mine SUCK! YAY for the weekend!
Just finished loading up....I'm off to for the weekend! I'll see everyone there :)
Wondering what 's social media budget for the weekend is. Thats how you takeover twitter. lol :)
Thank god Tobi showed up! Ride home (:
Thor is 3d was awesome, now time to celebrate America with Captain America in 3D. Then Avengers 3D at midnight.
it's spying on people! It's creepy
Massive Attack - Psyche (Flash Treatment) (w/ Martina Topley-Bird) - 04:11 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Hey still roller derbying?
First name: Equell. Does he have a sibling named Minuss?
I wanna do a photoshoot one day. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
ha! Blessings to you...xo
Ready to test smoke signals. I'll tend the fire; girlfriend up on roof. Anyone in Fremont, CA let me know if you can decifer the swear words
I accompanied Hay's class to Nutcracker many moons ago. The naughty kid sat behind me and kicked my chair the whole time.
Suck it , but when you suck it, make sure you suck it good bitch.
thanks for the love, yo!
President Obama making speech in FL today and supposed to address it. We will see what he has to say
Dream Chasers 2 Out Tomorrow
anyone know of a great place to have breakfast buffet in the Oceanside Area?
Just submitted my first screenplay to your development notes department. Looking forward to the results. Good and bad. Thanks!
Family is everything
I think we will have to agree to disagree on this point...
no it shouldn't have. The ground can't cause a fumble.
Thank you for RT
Don't forget about tomorrow's Ask The Grannies Facebook chat session at 2pm CT. We look forward to chatting with you!
On my way to BBQ spot.....
IM NOT EVEN A GINGER ANYMORE
Going to need to write something about how exposure to trans scholarship actually made it harder for me to deal with personal gender stuff.
Try deleting your test posts to see if anything in their formatting is causing it?
RT : I Don't Bash Homosexuals. I Just Don't Agree With It.
lol...I haven't heard it. I'm not a fan of hers though...of country in general. I'm just teasing ya :)
Yes! Go Indy!
A bouquet of blossoms goes to Stephen Whitburn, spotted just now in North Park getting a transit briefing from Duncan McFetridge.
Um, This tweet upsets me.
i love you Taylor :)
Glad you have the finest commodity now! The rest is details.
GoodNight! ! #GodBless and don't forget to say your prayers
#tmithursday One thing I can say in praise of my cycle: it has some good timing.
1 hour to college kickoff and we have 135 cappers with action posted with 3 consensus from their pks and it is all FREE
Good choice!
oh okay. Haha for sure :)
Clearly, we were not paying attention Friday. How was the pumpkin patch? I (), the house tweeter, left early, too.
That outhouse was not a tardis.
Hm.... The free beer is gone. Any predictions on how long it takes 75 hipsters to disperse?
Hello wine, it's about time we found each other!!
where ya been slut
Is ANYONE still on goodreads?
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success. Henry Ward Beecher
How to Use Vinegar and Borax in the Laundry via
:-) get a treat - you deserve it!!
LeBron closing again.
When the car parked outside the house is worth more than the house you might be in a bad neighborhood - bartender at Ruth Chris
HEY! We all went to bed because you said lights out! :)
Saw TFIOS at the local Kroger in Indianapolis.
The Official monthly WayCool event FIRST FRIDAY!!! FIRST FRIDAY **toy drive** Friday, December 2 at 9:00pm at Boscos Social Club
Any recommendations for an awesome happy hour in Flatiron/Gramercy? Yea I know it's only 10:50am, don't judge me
anyone here ever been hit by a car?
In The Art of The City #ITAOTC is 's flagship fundraising event serving Inner-city communities in #LA make a difference 05.03.12
I miss you <3
thanks for checking us out! hope you had fun!
Heh, I hadn't noticed that. Might need an umlaut filter for metalheads
RIP Steve Jobs! Hoping that MacBook Pro price will drop.
“: Just played: Yeah Yeah - The Connection - Seven Nights to Rock(slef-released)” <-- Thanks for the airplay!
is using its #Neudev days to open #APIs to internal employees and create large amounts of innovation
what? and unsubscribe to dano?
Our pleasure! RT thanks for the free bday dessert...your food is delicious...
The man's got a point!
Long time for sure hommie..... I see you're still doing your thing....
No more NewMSI? I guess we aren't really "new" anymore.
RT: : OK, take this with a huge grain of salt, but alleged Jim Irsay confidante Rob Lowe says Peyton Manning will retire.
has launched! Run semantic web crawls, get semantic data from the web automatically.
Don't you love when the guy you like texts you first? :)
Inspiring to see a #Holocaust survivor, at 77 YO, running the marathon. Thanks for sharing!
Billy, It's still pretty cool for me too! B
RT if u were born on your Birthday, I cant be the only one!(:
Once again it's taking me about an hour to get my computer working but this time I don't have to complain to.
I am excited to be on board U2R1's team as Brand Innovation and Multimedia Producer. We are your complete Branding and Marketing agency!! A…
Amada the GHOST TOUR GUIDE is working this Saturday 3/31! Two tours! 2pm Lower East Side & again at 7:30pm Ghosts of Grand Central!...
Come hangout at catch tonight, we had $5 tall Stoli mixers from 9pm till close!!!!
save it for the next why would i stress it otherwise
don't be dropping your wet rags on here u robot
Yo, ! Luv that you're following me! Now...I'm following U, 2!
may have asked this already but ur from the US right?
final thought Gail, why not do a story on what many advisors did right for their clients in '08-'09?
"Who is Stevie J" idk but that tag is still stuck in my head
Ain't no rushing, when it comes to sexing
Food allergies should not interfere with a child's growth - True or False?
#ChipsAhoy are the best cookies!
Don't u hate it when u r watching somthing on internet and it won't load!
shut up lexi
Pathos with a punch
Get your Powerchute for special low price at PGA Fall Expo
im watching him on tv, random
I'm going to do a MC Hunger game all nighter :D
I knew something was gonna go wrong.
Last day to save 30% off all regular priced merchandise when you use your Gap Card!
“: I think I'll leave him at home .” Even better
the sun is out, me want to be in flip flops!
I honestly think the Brewers have played about the worst they can and the Cubs playing almost to the best they can,shows you Cubs still suck
What happens if you looking for a job...and you are over qualified? How do you handle it. at 4pm and 6:30pm
I just want tonight and tomorrow's shifts to hurry up and be over so I can go see The Avengers.
TGIF! Hot Chelle Rae and Electric Touch concert today ^-^
Now I'm creeped out and there's not even a ghost here.
I think if Fiona Apple and Regina Spektor fought in a fist fight. Fiona Apple would win that fist fight.
I'm cuddly bitch..deal with it
.75" hail here
RT ehyyyooo son what happened to those acapellas? email me
I will weep openly when he wins World Series MVP.
“: Are u really outside this girl house yo?!?!?” doors open just walk in
what a cutie! I love the teefers!
takeaway or take away?
Good Morning! If nobody has told you they love you YET today let me be the FIRST I love you! Have a blessed day..
Its here in Fells Point.
Sounds like some John Denver
Teen Mom
SHOUT OUT TO YOU GUYS!!!
If people want to just read a story and not do other reading on it, then that's just lazy. Opinions can change with new info.
Nothing to see here...
RT : LAST WORKSHOP OF THE SEMESTER TONIGHT! 7pm in Squires 116. Get ready to work!
Sent in my line edits to Awesome Agent. I'm now going to sleep for a week.
Awaiting 743am flight out of national connect in Philly. Then off to ORD. Long Thursday in dc. Quick turn this morning.
my bro sound like a crackhead lmao , ion know wtf he on .
#WhyDoPeopleThink its cute to wear weave that aint been combed in days or touched up
Hold the door for people, don't be a dbag
Need custom t-shirts for #SXSW? We'll be there & will deliver your order FREE to Austin!! Can't wait.
R.I.P Whitney Houston , rest in peace...:(
Which means the DP will be Clint Dempsey! #obviously RT : Chris Birchall will take the final #crew96 international roster spot.
Hmm. Definitely going to need a little extra caffeine today.
Where do you draw the line between doing what's best for others, and thinking of yourself?
thinking im gonna relax and catch up on some
whats the strangest moment you ever had
High Steppin Onto The Feild After The Win!! Lmfao! Hilarious!!
"When there's a single thief, its called robbery......when there's a thousand of them, its called taxation!!" ~A.L.L
i got you, u heard 2 songs or 3? cause if u heard 2 u missed one which i dont think u heard
Hey #BBN! Just got home from Lexington! RUPP was off the charts today! Sad that the BB season is over and Dauris will no longer be there!
#WilDCHildZ talent show is on march 23 in NYC ima sing ahh im thinking or dance likee the hm hard choice
I don't know about the black helmet. Don't really like the double stripe
WHEN IS OUR FIRST DATE ALREADY ? :o
Do you live in Brookfield? Come see me at Dodge City 191st & Capitol Dr. I have a ton of Mix Prizes!
Well thats just got me thinking
Both of these teams are tied with three-time defending conference champion Fort Atkinson for first place in league play.
have you shaved. did the new game get launched
and are single-handedly (well, four-handedly) going to make television worth watching.
"Look at me now, look at me now, I'm getting paper! ...so I can go to the bathroom." -original lyrics to Chris Browns song.
Dont Tell Me About The Frog That You Disected Today In Biology! Cant You See Me Eatin! "So I Poked It And BooBoo Was Err Where!" IRDGAF
yea i saw kinda fab :)
Talking Bout "Please follow moe she only got 34 followers" !
RT If you've been a fan of for over a year! <3
#Blackparentsquotes " last time i checked you dont pay the bills!"
RT : The animals are not as stupid as one thinks -they have neither doctors nor lawyers. -L.
Rivera's cutter is one of the keys to his longevity and one of the nastiest pitches of all time. Of course.
Big game for #NotreDame lacrosse today. Would love to see them take out Syracuse.
STRIKE THREE CALLED! HAGADONE!
What was the strangest thing you've ever gotten in your Trick or Treat bag? For me, it was a toothbrush.
Those who procrastinate, masturbate.
its impossible to hate on J Lin.
And Tebow to the Jets? Wow... I guess they really think he will help the locker room! Ever thought the problem may be the coach?
#opeth feeling barfy after Vegas visit. Hahaha! Still sound great! And they love #la - damn straight!
I heard it was the dems, not rep's
I did, at least, learn how to make bacon simple syrup. It is now my goal to make an amazing bacon cocktail. I can do this!
Prince Valium was better
tom is sleeping. i just tweet for him by accident. mixing.
Ha, Ha ... Fishing and food ... life is good??
You the man Trent Richardson!
Have you ever had happy hour at work? Shhh... I won't tell.
Hey, hit me up if you wanna come to the Best Buy theatre May 24. I'll be there with Thrice. Drinks on me!
Tired body after Day 1 in #england7s training camp! Early alarm for a joyful 7am pool fitness session to start Day 2
Another day of Dr. Appts...prepping for chemo on Friday for Gram! WOO
I have the best girlfriend ever!!
Stop by and try one of our many signature salads or sandwiches or create your own just the way you want it!
yeahh but I might got to Florida...lame! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Ha you're right, I prefer that one.
so have u tried again recently??
go look up the definition to "mean" and "argue" and then come back to me lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Boxing Fight Schedule for April 5 Through April 7
Hey you left your eyeliner here last night...
Fathers send their sons to college either because they went to college or they didn't.
I was at Olive Garden and I saw this kid that looked like Niall when he was a baby!!!!(:
Finna get a different daycare.. Time for us to go under the radar.. Tired of pp.. Lets see who visit me.. I bet it only be My Ace of Spades
hasnt even been a week! boy is hooked but not in a creepy way....
We are 1:1 and incorporate both. Still need to be prepared for tech issues.
most trials are 8am so before I clock in its free Boosie
TRIP FEST BRO
I think there's real potential for the military's next nonlethal weapon to be a bottle of concentrated aroma d' hide glue.
2 Corinthians 13:14 May the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit be with you all.
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
Are Palin supporters that single minded that they'd hand Obama a win 2 spite ?
. some of us stayed home and watched Scott Pilgrim alone. But if anyone wants to see Avengers with me, I'm up for it....
have coexisted. Only patriarchy attempts to suppress it.
4th place in the Syndicate tourney. I had 1/2 the chips and then got coolered down to average. Finally busted w/ AQ vs. AJ AIPF.
Oh well lol.
I am a fan! She's a good writer and just opened a huge independent bookstore in Nashville. Sadly have yet to meet her
Which? The pink granny panties of courage? ;-)
and bacon
Now you will get to hear me rant too. :D
miss you Nicholas! Wish you lived closer.
Give our friends a boost! RT : We're at 497 likes - who's going to help us make it to 500?
LOLL remember we culd neva touch him wen he was little so austin prolly be lyke fuxk it
Twitter Tip: Listen to your network. Reply and retweet often.
Ditto. This packing til 1am crap 2 nights in a row doesn't make for a well-rested me.
wishes he had money so he could give to
Loving your website and the little talky guy. Too cute.
Well, they go back to 1967. :-) Also playing live, solo and interviews. I'm all in as you can imagine. Lol
They have the flame ones like Cherish has too
if you were close you could have lunch. Taters, bell peppers, onions and gumbo! :)
Hahahahah yes!and the hallway!(;
telepathy shit right there, I tweet and the home dawg comes online.
sounds good my dear! Lol you'll get used to it I just work the basics lol
would be so awesome...if someone would get me ALL 7 seasons of Boy Meets World on DVD. Please & Thank You...I'll <3 u 4eva!!!
Thanks! Adding this to the #DC Song Soundtrack.
when are you coming to Florida???
Stenson for the snowman ...
GOOD relevant article!
Who stills be in the store @ 12:00 in the morning doe.
Speaker could have been thinking of "US Has 5% of world population but 1/4 of world prisoners"; also disturbing but very diff
Communication is critical in great workplaces
people dont realize the world is the way it is cuz people are so ignorant & cruel
Massive ovation for at #SoTU. So wonderful to see so many people honoring this amazing woman.
Any favorite wine bars in the Logan Square area?
pancakes and pepsi lol
are we going to see you tomorrow? Miss you!
I don't like heavy metal. I like only some rock.
hey we should upper jack! Let me know!
HOW ABOUT THAT!
we are the future of marketing and printing in the Midwest.
OMG. YOU had an awesome night!
why not?
Tummy hurts. =/
here at home...laundry
The heat was great. Now it's back to reality...Oh, and I brought the color.
Never would of thought, tequila and sundrop! This shit is good.
I love new book but he constantly uses "Democrat" as an adjective, making it feel like I'm reading Glenn Beck
ez pz, just buy any app, side or beverage and get the $1 burg. that's all
you sound like a very sweet person who deserves love and respect. I always treat a woman nice. I learned how important they are.
In Philadelphia&would be at broad&shunk if eagles won or in mid of broad st wit a vid cam gettin a bj like when phillies won
This Akron vs. Ohio game is going down to the wire!
RT someone you don't like knocks on you front door.i know say come in and when they walking thru the door and slam the door on the face
Going to Joshua Tree for my Birthday! Los Angeles better still be here when I get back...or else..
I Love His Eyes, There So Sparkly <3
I actually think Chad is right this time...
Must know everybody: Four questions about HIV and AIDS
Dont hate mi cuz im *beautiful*
yo ultra next year I'll take you!
My last #EdgesLA show!! Bittersweet. :) If you haven't seen it, go next weekend. You won't regret it.
www.platinumposts.com support us
lmfao u must be hearing things
Welcome, Ms. Mayor. : )
Have you seen us live? How was it?
Good work I was rooting for you!
You're right it's been quite a few. But they pay the bills! :) I do miss you all and your wit
For sure! <U+263A>
have u seen the studio ?
Hey everyone giveaway will start in 20mins.....get ready!!
Congratulations on your new gig with What will you be doing for them?
no no no she's way diff than Kim
Why is it when I have a day off I can nvr just chill. I need a house keeper!
In retrospect, priests throwing around the term 'BILF' should have been seen as a bit of a red flag.
me: "mom look at this dress!" mom: "eww that's not worth a penny!!" me: "i like it." extreme akward silence
Don Hayner gave me my first & best job. Will be eternally grateful. Always had time for people regardless of their rank. Sad to see him go.
How many of you SamsBeauty Fans are ready for the coming Holidays and are going to buy a new hair style to go with your Holiday outfits?
: The 1930 CANOEING WITH THE CREE Just rec'd letter from two young women to attempt it this summer. Sign it!
Feening for some Korean bbq! Kimchi bitches!
thanks for the tweet. Following you too.
Bacon bourbon milkshake form Three Aces at Baconfest Chicago...damn good & addictive.
are you comparing your general to my primary?
Missin my big bro and cuzin
Why in the hell did Godzilla choose this table of all spots?
Turns out is off twitter for a week...please slam him this week while you can!!
OMG! So true! We should really do that!! How early is early?
no self respect....gotta think and carry yourself as a queen.
I AGREE!
Who is going to #icny ?
Funny ass night
156 miles in Jan. nice weather sure helps #runstreak day 123
Thanks for the #SunStandStill tweets. Blessings ^staff
Planning Lunch? It is a gorgeous day to sit out on the patio. Todays lunch special is a Fried Clam Roll with fruit and chips!
imagine : Austin- looks into your eyes and smiles You- What?! :D Austin- i am so lucky. -kisses you- love you beautiful
#USA Basketball given extension to submit Olympic roster
thank you for following me!
Fundamentally incapable of having fewer than 12 tabs open at a time. True child of the internet.
The Washington Huskies are in SLC right now. Getting ready for bed and are going to welcome Utah to the Pacific Athletic Conference tomo ...
Where's that photo taken?
This gun thing is still trending people are so depressing nowadays
whens the next contest?? totally forgot about this one... Plz tell me whens the next contest
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Watch a TV show before you go on it, note what color the set is, who does what segments, etc.
Don't you hate it when the song that's stuck in your head is not available for purchase until two days later?
oh lord don't do that!!
30 minutes in and already an entertaining trip
I thought you'd enjoy that. I sure did.
Malik tryna deny my kid now? OH. -.-
I can see you being happy there. Way better than Seattle :P.
double wide for her pleasure. thanks for the kind words.
Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music. ~Ronald Reagan
At first I thought would work but I guess I realized I was wrong in that aspect
You're confused about who is scared!
wtf is it dubbed? Or actual English? Lol
We're done with our first 1/3rd at Aztalan state park. About one minute ahead of schedule. Annie took over with the rest of the team.
Come see me @ Flirt Nail Lounge on Mother's day and get your Mini Euro Facials. Treat your mother to a relaxing treat...
Clean, rinse and air-dry your lens case each time lenses are removed to avoid bacterial growth.
thanks man
Heading to KCMO's Center High School to participate in career event. Will do my best not to scare them away from advertising/design.
Like this if you hate when people "lose their connection" when your kicking their ass on Xbox Live Madden!
G'morning... ...hahahaloosecaboosehahaha.
work is not invited around here on the weekend. *growl & snarl*
Stop confusing me! XD
Here at Astro Insulation,We do Spray Foam, Fiberglass, Cellulose and Rockwool! That gives you many options to do the job the way you want it
Look up from my desk and see my neighbor mowing my lawn. Could not be more grateful.
Doube Stuff Oreos are NO JOKE
Feeling SuperSonic this morning..watched an amazing Sunrise. Feeling ready for a weekend filled with rock and roll and NFL P P Playoffs !
Hello and Happy to Follow :-)
Sounds like an MTV show. Maybe they'd be interested in producing such a show.
I don't feel like going to school today..
I'm really bad at that sort of thing.
my mission was to kill them...
why is my dog walking around with a blue pen in his mouth ??
I wanna punch this baby in the face -_-
That's what I should do. I feel like I missed out :-0
Have faith in yourself, that's the power to keep going.
2 tests today them immediately getting my drank on <U+2600>
I shall fall asleep to netflix.
I'm in 9th grade. It's better than 8th grade but also sucks more
I love you
it's like "I'm 60 and I want to go to every major tourist spectacle and every chain restaurant that I could go to at home"
Well in that case, I'm OUTTA HERE!
I know. :P
Strech your fingers and hands before playing or practicing.
Somethings gotta' give...
he's Alan Faneca reincarnated. He was a complete standout in their bowl game.
Hello Green Bay!
#thanks to the rock exchange for the #RT North and South Korea set to make sweet music together
your father looks just like Alvaro Arbeloa!!
that sucks. Hahab a
If there is such a thing as being way too humble, I am so obviously the absolute best at that. OBVIOUSLY.
Avengers...not bad.
awesome! Good start.
Carry a child for 9 months and then deliver it, and then you can talk about stuff like that.
“Reunited!! Tucker the dog lost 9/16 & survived 30 days in Forest Park. He was brought to us & we called owner.Both overjoyed!” -
We will also have band and orchestra instruments for you and your family to check out, and we'll have student artwork displayed!
I hope so. Will be good if Canelo wins n mayweather loses
do u mean how or hwo !???
Absolutely #flaming waiter tonight. Flaming so hard its creeping me out.
Solo Recital 9/24 2:00 pm Franklin MA Forge Hill Senior Living
Loud girl in Mesa pizza- no one cares that you suck at learning foreign language. Learn to conjugate, we're trying to eat.
thanks so much. Im happy to help :)
I say we go inside and show there punks what happens when you mess with the Best Friend Brigade
Plexi 3 is playing tonight at Onopa in Riverwest!! $5 - Come out and have a beer with us!!
follow me back.
#NW Tower Heist
One of the first things people will probably feel is more natural energy throughout the day.
True, true. But it's surprisingly hard to find a good out-of-the-box theme for a staticky site.
oh honey its like a liquor infused Kool-aid oyster. U can do it!
Happy Mother's Day. Blessed to have one & blessed to be one I'd imagine you feel lol.
I keep reading tweets about someone dying on #TheWalkingDead. But aren't they already dead? Won't they just re-zombie?
"Some people refuse to settle for anything less than butterflies".
haha me either
He coulda had it easy; took the shot instead.
Planning my cd release show for the 24th. All-Star band and singers. . It's gonna be a party at and Linsdley. 6:00. See you there.
Don't be one of those people who believe in their vision at first but then give up, see it through. (via )
I can't wait.
Session was a challenge but we did it! Learned a lot too!!! Grateful 4 the opportunity.
Neko Case gives hope to all of us tall, redheaded lead singers. Everyone assumes we'll fail...well, ha! If she can do it, so can I!
Never fear the peplum, Tina. Well sometimes fear the peplum.
yayy! Cool beans! Do you know alec Devine?
Congrats! According to "Freedom," MN is a great place for a family to refurbish a house and seethe with inner turmoil
u around from 1 to 3 today?
Leslie Stern on description: "you have to be faithful & unfaithful to the object."
great to hear you on this morning... a longtime coming, and well-deserved!
Work is dunn time for fun.
you are very welcome.
Oh, yes. I can't stop eating those once I start, either!
NEW DIRECTIONS!!!!
yeah, you replied to one of my comments on Elise's 'I Want It All' I don't think you knew it was me
where is the after show happening at?
The Heat lost!?! Dang. Props to NY. But we got y'all next game!
WHAT ARE YOUR THOUGHTS TODAY?
lol!! Aww congrats to your bro!!! I miss you! Let's hang out when you get back!!!
Oh yeah SONG OF THE DAY: ZOOM By The Commodores
listening in on preschool storytime - there's a little wheel turning in my heart <sings>
THANKS TO EVERYONE WHO CAME OUT FOR HELLEVATE!!! THE NIGHT WAS A BIG SUCCESS!!!
On the contrary, that sounds even more ridiculous. And invokes a really interesting image..
That's right, now I remember him briefly. Really athletic I think..
Tons of guys in the subway with gray suits and fedoras......must be the Mad Men season premiere tonight!
it's an oddly perfect double feature.
They're all part of the this weekend, and brought to you by #DrexelEngineers!
i like the "we need proof" "I got it! The gun I shot it with"
thanks, sweetie. wish I had made it longer, though.
Great. The limited offense gets even more limited with leaving todays game.
What's on your TO DO list this week that's been hanging over your head? Get it checked off and behind you!
I love when he walks up behind me n put his arms around my waist n kiss my neck. I just lay my head back and close my eyes. I'm at peace
Arod seems to be in post-season form by grounding into a double play with the bases loaded to end the inning.
Need to talk to someone.
Houston: I know of a Sr. IA position that has opened up. Email for details
Join us for happy hour, Margarita Friday from 4-8, sip and shop :)
Pepper got up in the end. Go cats
#REGGAEartists u want radio play? link we up! e-mail us your tunes to RED ROSE @ looking 4 conscious artists. ~Selah!
never tried it but I think they finger themselves lmao .
go to the Philly show
really enjoyed your piece on the diving horses - I've seen wild hearts a zillion times, one of my favorites from way back :)
If iwhat you do or say "needs to be explained"...then you failed...
Trying to study, but my brain feels like getting a headache instead.
#fridayreads finished Burned by Nayer (excellent), reading We don't know we don't know by Lantz (poetry), listening to Burn by Barr (good)
Favre was a Jet
When I eat fried pickles at Hooters, I keep my eyes closed so that I won't be able to see the good looking women that work there.
I don't get paid enough to deal with this, bout time for a change...time to do some job apps
like The show Thanks.
what language do you dream in?
you should come to Coaches on Tues & Room 929 on Thurs. The only cats in Nap running the kind of music reflected on your page.
Just found out Brady played for UMich... Does that mean I should root for the patriots?
LPA is honored to be in such good company. Thanks!
Did the rest of Marion just fall asleep?
hahaha omg ew! i can't swallow pills so they'll probably give me some disgusting liquid medicine :/
“: extra nap time”
Remembering Pearl Harbor
thank you for the FF !
What up my fellow Duganites!!! Tweet Me!
MSMQ: computers force us to think harder about the objects of our discourse.
Way cool is the answer. Cupcake Jones treats to munch will be there too, I hear.
doesn't look heart-healthy. makes me salivate, tho.
lol, that was an error.
Super excited that I'm about to graduate! #capandgowns!
Rare night of insomnia paired with vicodin and Advil---and suddenly it feels great to be alive. (even w/ dog farting next to me)
I have scrap booked like the whole day almost
mr j on his motorcycle BONER BONER BONER
Going to Salu tonight on Magazine, then beers at the Bulldog. I'm back baby.
JONAS BROTHERS WILL ROCK THIS YEAR!!!!!!! and after some time hopefully , too!!!!!!!!
Thanks played with some studs, that made me better. Plus awesome coaches. I was just lucky
Porch isn't dirt ...
aw yeah expected family contribution 00000 being poor rules!!
by : Heading to the #celtics game tonight. This team could use some home cooking. Make that place loud tonight!
RT 8th annual Lecture on Aging, Dr. Christa Hojlo spoke on "Caring for the Aging"."Don't slide into the past-YOU are the future".
"Buck" the movie is a must see! Compassion personified!
Happy Happy Birthday ! xo
Going To #Forever21! Posting Pics Later!!!
sorry college football is sacred, we rarely go out on fall Sat evenings in favor of watching it.
thank-god
How you been brother? Long time no talk!
time for a new dog
out your chips from stack well behind line or verbalize. Seems like your being petty instead of easily fixing.
love it! Newsies totally brings me back to middle school in a fantastic way! Have you seen it live yet?
Ain't no pain I can't withstand
Lightning talk: Mike, Balto. City Historical Society. 4th season of Baltimore History evenings begins in January.
You're welcome!
** will be performing live at Vinyl unplugged for the release of the newest music video, Pot, Porn & Popcorn. Feb, 11 2012
where is the men above when you need him?
My dream is to become the Dale Chihuly of balloon art.
On The Orange Line; WOW! A Gr8 movie but I'm not sure what to ask abt the music.
*sigh* Sometimes people just bewilder me.
Bob Ryan looks pretty much the same though this is before LED display advertising and after the mullet was in vogue.
recommend books for me to read. i miss being a bookworm.
I don't allow Michigan fans to follow me:) ROLL TIDE!!!
"lunch" must be synonymous with "beverages". Sounds nice
I am a graphic designer by day (trumpeter by night & weekend).
& they are enjoying it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
no school tomorrow
LETS GO YANKEES..
:( but I dint wanna die young
The Dark Knight parody on this week's 30 Rock=Full of Win
Obama is in Vermont. Not big news for you city slickers but last time a sitting president visited Vermont was 1995.
we're all just different shades of brown. I just happen to fit into the pasty demographic. Ya dig? Lou forrig? No?
Another CONGRATS- won a #PeabodyAward too! 3 films were recognized: Freedom Riders, Triangle Fire, & Stonewall Uprising.
I was listening to them today. One of my faves. RT : Ra Ra Riot.
everyday I wake up im trying to better myself and my family
Check out live @ the on the 23! hit up for tix, gonna be wild! RT
that is just sad.
Wonderful to hear! We hope you enjoy the rest of your evening.
Keep an eye on things coming out of UMinn Libraries - really exciting point of view
Right back atcha!
My ex-boss John #Stossel has a #FoxNews show on at 10pm Eastern tonight, _No, They Can't!_, on #govt failing in countless ways.
awh im glad to hear that <3
I hate when cute guys cut their hair!
do it, the guy pissed me off like you have never seen low cut jeans before?
I had to ask lady what finger was my ring finger.
DUKES of Dixieland "When Country meets Dixie" album is coming. Oak Ridge boys, Lathan Moore, Wesley Probst. KC arrangements. a hoot!!
I walked in her room and she didn't see me till she stopes kissing my doggie and looked at the tv and I was in front of her
“ If I dnt get out this house I wanna at least chill here wit some people & drink”
Reading 's tweets of Romney speech and can't tell if some of them are jokes
But as I continued speaking... I saw a few faces change... then more... Though it was just a spark... a flicker... Continued next tweet
Dublin Farmer's Market returns tomorrow eve at Emerald Glen! You never know when a chef mob will show up, so be ready with your questions!!
BIG 21, and is just the beginning ;)
10 and a half hours later the gps says we're 20 minutes out. It's said that for the past 40 minutes.
the orphan or the magician?
I'm Still getting some messages about those tweets People are getting-- They are NOT coming from my Twitter Acct .
My voice
#readathon "dinner" is mozzarella sticks and homemade ranch. Each time I make it, it's better and better!
u knw u gt a family discount crazy
rock on Mr. Piven! hopefully someday I will be able to accomplish the awesomeness that you have.
My night has been made. Great night with the boyfriend. :)
The NEWEST EP was great! Keep it that way!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Chris...your present will be tomorrow with a win over the Grizzles. Good luck in the game . Let's go up 3-1
Bros im bored
So has anyone ever had one of those days where they want to drink .. But can't ..Because of school .. But still do!?
These bills are kicking my ass, I feel like North Star Credit Union and Bank of America's B.I.T.C.H
what about "lack of institutional control". Oklahoma was cited for criminality in the 80'.
Phoenix Mercury beat visiting Silver Stars 87-81.
thanks! :D will do
I will god hurt my feelings for a sec dont be so mean lol
I'm not sure I buy the line-- I can't really *see* this image.
Of course! You rock!
Working long hours in NC. Three days to go before seeing my family.
To anyone who may have arrived at 5:30 at grays lake, sorry I was running late but I'm here now. Upper level concession stand.
RT : Creating a blog or freelancing can given you a great living body of work even beyond a formal internship.
I wish heels didn't hurt! My feet are starting to kill me <U+2639>
Psychology tried to ruin the zodiac for me, but I still read my horoscope daily and I trust the stars <U+2728>
Thanks, babe. Hope you're having a nice weekend!
Can we be friends ? I want your shins :)
Not a bad first half.
I'm always grumpy after a nap.
happy birthday sir
Time to start the annual tradition of pretending these Christmas decorations aren't here.
Getting my hair cut short this afternoon, e I'm scared!.
Haha that's awesome
. again says that #CFB had provided him invaluable academic experiences.
contact us at
sweaty bea- wait
yeah after you said that i put mine in my pocket lol
Really wana go to the gym saturday who up with it ?
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your C&*k in her mouth
Hah. So proud of you guys out there doing your thing. Have fun, good luck!
: First non-English developer Pawel Skuza very important to development of Koha
"I ain’t talkin ’bout nothin’ with a flow so disgutin’. Ashtray by me that I gotta dump my guts in. Need substance, feed it to the public."
Wondering what people did before there was google???
great job Ashley
Wish I was goin to the beach party with my cheese penis roommates. Instead I'm freezing my nuts off in chicago.
good ole Florida lol
4-13-82 #Shreveport Ted Dibiase & Mr. Olympia win MS tag belts from Mr. Wrestling II & Tiger Conway Jr.
Does anyone know of a way to link my google calendar to my outlook calendar on a mac?
Exactly this. RT This morning has felt like a day in and of itself.
Me too. RT I love everything about
Cake break
ready for snow and cold to go away
Lolz yesterday u got ur braces off nd today my other friend austin peteron got his taken off lolz creepy!!! nd ur both cute!!!
Obstructing traffic my ass. Longboards are built for the road! Not a fockin sidewalk.
Lets go ahead and stack up all the fucks i give about this topic...
Lauren, I'm seriously trying so hard not to, but once he says he's getting on the plane I'm gonna break down and just cry</3
Old School Sound on your iPad, BeatBlaster HiFi - Old School Cool is back
wait would you guys enjoy a cover of i wont give up? because it's what i'm doing.
So, you're alive, right?
# thank you
you are my savior.
I did call your cell. I felt the need to check on my friend who is writing the next great book from a tiny little club house
what did I (allegedly) do now?
Dot After Cardigan!
I promise my life is really exciting...
Woo Hoo! RT : in downtown Greensboro! We'll have all you need to celebrate -- cupcakes, banana pudding & more!
no sorry
unplanned days in most cases lead to no sales
Yep, great to have coffee with you!
Photo shoot comin soon with new member !
I love my best friend @
Did you text back..
Last day of summer, how depressing :( School starts tomorrow, time to go back to reality.
Having your anti-corruption compliance program and risk assessment reviewed by an independent expert is a wise move!
why does twitter say you don't exist ? Esh :/
you could be here with me bitching robert
C'MON! It's #tmoneytuesday and I'm just "doin me"!! How was Cali?
yeah you are. Go crew!
Get ready for #FacebookTimeline! Big changes...
Grey goose Redbulls! Patron Shots! Jack & Coke! Adioses! Long Islands! Jäger Bombers! Mailbu pineapple! Only $4 All Night--> !
RT : on sale at !!! Happy Valentines day to me:)
RT : Thanks for the RT. Authors, please check out SPAN for a wealth of helpful info.
what a good bday present - take back control of the series
So psyched that I saw you all! It was totally random that I was there at the right time. Have a fantastic ride!
Hello! :b RT : preciate that man, and is his name.
frozen yogurt tomorrow? I get off work at 6.
"Stalking" is such a strong word... i prefer "Intense Research of an Individual"
All of s #Haters are there
thanks for the tweet we are happy to have you!
Thank you for the support!
Hey all, let's all give a warm Twitter welcome to ! Looking forward to their tweets, we love working there!
I bet! They just seem like polar opposites to me. Kinda like if there was a Knitting & Dirtbikes magazine. :)
thank you bite sized twix for making my afternoon.... if only you were human sized and zero calories..
chillin with in a lil, you? Got the house to myself tonight.. #yolo #ybfoteo ya best friend only turns eighteen once
Just dropped Tiara , jasmine Jackie and Christina at prom . only twitter name I know in that group . xD
Recording of the new CD is coming along great.
if you never been to the U.K. then know they speak a "different" English. Its not weather its "Enviroment" March 21 began SUMMER.
good day so far lol please follow me i follow back love you
I love that song!
lmao happy for??
Friends should not let friends take bathroom pics and post them on social media websites! PERIOD!
New comment on the site: "Lay off the meth Jason, it's making your reviews ramble and yaw like garbage spewing from the mouth of a child."
Theres a whole seen devoted to this topic.
Hank wears a wedding ring
I love my job. The travel is worth it a thousand times over.
you! You! You! Don't ignore me ;) I messaged you on facebook message back! <3
Yey dancing on ice :D
Give 1 or 5 a try and let us know what you think of them. Best of luck with your pub crawl event.
I wouldn't mind getting back at you, but that would be pathetic like you.
We are playing this Friday at Circle A in Riverwest with Busybodies. A two-band show. Busting out another new song most likely. Come out!
RT if you like Jacob Latimore
gotta be a rumor. Will walk over and ask.
Hidden people of North Korea b/c of the Orphanmaster's Son. It's North Korean weirdness this week.
the black scourge is coming!
Wats hannin ...were all the ratchets be at lol
wow that for the #ff Somehow your name being about design makes it like an award :-)
BURGUNDY is hot fall fashion color this year & flatters most. MIDNIGHT BLUE too & great for all occasions. Try something different!
I can hear a teriyaki burger sizzling with your name on it. "Marrrkkk...Maaaarrrkkk..."
Your business portrait says more about you than you think! We can make you look great!
my friends house off Columbia apparently you have to have a residents pass- after five I think you're fine in e lots
Pole dancing classes are just as bad as books on how to suck cock.
Late Night Snack Sabra Classic Hummus W/ Pretzel Crisps, O Water Wild Berry
- I live in SE with 3 other guys in a house thats falling apart around us. I'm so Portlandia.
The things we do for the #clients we love!
Thunder vs. Lal, ie the series in which blazer fans want neither team to win.
Hit me up some time so we can chill 214 364-7005
Hey! I worked hard for those votes! That doesn't mean I deserve less!
Happy Birthday: Fenway Park turns 100 years old - USA TODAY
Me too. Love to stand on our little porch and watch the storm roll in.
In what, Aladdin? He delivers the line, "bad" in both :)
i said whoever YOU want to come...
Watching America's Got Talent. Love this crazy show!
RT Was Awesome!! what bout urs? HOW WAS UR HOLIDAY??
Leaving the gym and going shopping. :-)
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Gotye!! Such an original artist that no song sounds the same.
Making a cat food run. Not as fun as a library run, but the bag weigh less.
On my way to Emagine Theatre in Novi with for Superman birthday party!
Long overdue stock market rally. Dow 10,000 is a key level. #1 options trader.
Isn't Keynote great? It's all about the video! And yes did a great job as did you! Loved hearing your 6 tips!
An electric car charging station was just installed at my library!! Super cool!
Yay! :) sounds awesome! RT : Great stuff! Fine over here my #Flyers won a playoff series & I got some relaxation in.
If you have the chance to come visit me in Dallas, we will take you there! The pizza is awesome!
Apparently I'm headed into the teeth of the NY Giants victory parade. The effrontery!
And this is why I heart you. Carry on. RT New!! Post baby curves FTW. Those boobs and hips destroy me.
The only thing that can stop is you- zumiez employee
Yes, Scott and I talked a couple of times. Thanks! Hope all is well with you!
Awesome tune!
Ha...Yes...But would have been better if I had got it going earlier...
Loves how much people lack having any faith in me at all.
oh hell yes <3
Thanks Daryl. We enjoy the work, no 2 projects are ever the same.
OHMIGOD WTF IT'S NOT ME.
- remember to log your times in Freshbooks! Sent via
hm wat a fuckin life we live
hope u feel better soon!
Waiting on line at the 5$ haircut place is a way of telling the world "not only am I patient but I don't wanna get laid."
a good night talking to voters!
Fact is stranger than fiction. <U+4E8B><U+5B9F><U+306F><U+5C0F><U+8AAC><U+3088><U+308A><U+3082><U+5947><U+306A><U+308A><U+3002>
I got yelled at by my 3 year old daughter for turning in the lights when I came home! Lol
RT Unfortunately don't get to go to the white house guess I'll make the trip next year ;-) Gotta get through the pack 1st! :)
Poochinis & Peticures begins in 1/2 hour! See you tonight between 6-8pm at Lofty Dog! Benefits Cocker Spaniel Rescue of Austin.
Having the HUGEST PERFECT RUSH MOMENT right now. Thank you, 107.7 The Bone.
Life is not about making others happy. Life is about sharing your happiness with others.
Posted by Tom under saving on coffee 1 Comment »
Just a flash in the pan and a has been. They would love to take some of Melo's shots.
Did anyone ever watch blues clues? I used to love that show :)
the 22nd! Opening for plea!
Seriously considering getting rid of my home phone service. Too many calls. So disruptive. Must start conveniently leaving it off the hook.
really, Beauty and the Beast is my favorite it was on yesterday, can u believe i have never watched Aladdin?
Hello....... Good morning
Grabbing me something to eat from chick-fil-a
When does the coyote howl again?
Can't wait to see Nicks new hair!!!((: Love you both!!
people love when media tells people what they have to say. Damned if they do damned if they don't
EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
Work al day..gettin that #dinero $$$
sorry had an following limit and had to unfollow some people and plus u werent following me
u got some sick ass beats!
I knew you were tweeting while talking!!!!
I am definitely thinking evening. Maybe 7 or 8 (Central time). I'd like to do it at least once a week.
That would have been perfection, but I'll take it anyways haha
Metal mania on vhi isn't horrible!
when you look at somebody do you judge them and think they are wired and crazy.well maybe that is what ppl are say about you.so don't judge
Torch awards for markeplace ethics today. by B...Congrats to nominees!
- U up for following us? We sure hope so!
is that the best msnbc can do?
If u got the new Newyork edition Jordan 4s Fo way under 100 and u got em already n u not in Newyork ur js came from a China sweatshop!! Fake
The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show 2nite 7pm est on.www.blaze.wwradio.net f/ and Butta
Ha! That means I am ripping off the $60 game companies. If single player runs 10 hours...it takes me 20. Plus multiplayer
5 months till my lease is up, going to have a plan, take my time to look for exactly what I want so I will be prepared & have a smooth move!
so sad!!!!! I'll have to find you one while I'm in NYC!
what is wrong chicka
Great job in #controlaltcompete here at
Rihanna Skips People’s Choice Awards for Clippers Game [PHOTOS] -
FOOTBALL FOOTBALL FOOTBALL
They don't want anyone to know where he is, yet make it SO obvious where he is w/ the police escort & parade of cars.
"Glee" performers sang the "Valerie" song last night. feelin' special :)
So proud of Nate for peeing in the pot...the potty training begins
I don't know why the Liberals are so worried about their agenda being defeated. The Bible teaches that men shall wax worse n worse. 2Tim3:13
Thanks Crystal! You too!
Where is the best place for a margarita in #ABQ?
COME VISIT US TODAY!!! OPEN TIL 7PM!!
sounds god
I'm on the way
love my gifts you absolute doll :) send me pictures soon beautiful
I like a man who takes charge!
Some have inquired as to the secret of my oratory acumen. It is this: I debate myself in the fashion of Lincoln and Douglas...
I'm gonna smile cause I deserve to.
hahaha I feel really stupid I didn't get that :p
please pretty please follow me<3
We have disabled access to the website from IE versions less than IE9. We hope to bring it back after fixing the bugs.
are you sure you didn't just invite up there so his shirt would keep your son's attention while you were talking?! Lol
Lakers just need to come back and play harder next game. That's all.
Done caring.
all I have is his #
My first galette since leaving France = amazing.
law of attraction! xoxo
Israeli ministers: Election won't affect Iran - CBS News
RT : Only Natural Pet Store Tennis Balls 5-Pack: Don t EVER make the mistake of buying tennis balls from a pet tennis......
I love the #Orioles. Always have, always will. But I dont understand how some of you are so excited for #OpeningDay. They are going to suck!
Dedicated Server or Secure High Availability VPS, which would you choose?
Anointed By God tho
have audition lessons jn my room about 1x/wk & really like to see clear objective &product at end + where they would go frm there
How much is AT&T going to pillage me for a 1-min call to Canada without an international calling plan?
I have never been so stymied by a bug before. Holy crap.
Our passport office has received over 1,000 passport applications! Were you one of them? Will you be one of the next 1,000?
Jean 'Moebius' Giraud, R.I.P. Thanks to the late, lamented Epic Comics for introducing me to his work in the 80s.
Libraries are a record and a source of innovation!
checking out the Tweets...
Well they did it. I got revenge, early birthday wish, and the Caps move on to the East semi-finals. Bye Rangers!
omgg I always imagine that too!
Who wants my 2,000 tweet?!
I've missed talking to you!!
I need to stop sleeping w/ my glasses on. Idk where they are now.
RT : Being black doesn't make you a bad person. It just increases the chances.
#calvinjohnson might be the best nfl player regardless of position...
Doing research on Pig's Trotters. Librarians, any good search tips for food history and origin?
Man.. I wanna smoke nbs.. wats good on a late nite session? lol
Ouch. The grammar on signs and in the newspaper is one of the bigger disappointments in Muncie. That, and the civil engineering.
please ask your followers to add me. Would greatly be appreciated!
I'm great, thanks for asking. What did you get your mba in?
bring it home if there is a white Michael Kors watch in there.
Actually super obsessed with 's boyfriend song
Just followed Amex - is this a good idea?
Epic #Theater 's MACBETH starring Ty Jones {#SMASH] is the #NYC MUST SEE SHOW | For Free Tickets contact & follow ---
went to summer camp in Zachery. u did revivals in my hometown (Mt. Vernon, IL). Do you hear from Bro. Jimmy since he left?
Did you know: Martin Flyer uses 95% platinum in our engagement rings?
++early. Can't wait/would love to see the resulting photo...
RT : #brokeniggastatement take me 2 walmart get some dickies b4 we hit the club- LMFAO W.O.R.D.
''Silly phone, that wasn't a "missed" call. That was a "I looked and saw who it was and pressed ignore" call."
Why did big sean followed me!! To happy right now
I minister tonight and I know God is already doing big things for tonight... How many could say AMEN! God bless and pray for me!
Busy busy! Hope to see you!
Insane Producer, whilst standing next to a full water cooler, "Why don't we have any water?!"
I am away from my phone but please leave me a voice or text message. Thanks
event planning company names
Such a crazy day for football.
Watching "Hannah Montana".
“: Today we remember Gene Roddenberry of on what would have been his 90th birthday. #TBG” RT - a visionary!
did u not play in the NYC tourney? PSN is what I play Bc of the big tourneys
are you in minneapolis? what is the knitting scene like?
Happy birthday Star Wars!!!
Follow Friday. (Get him to Sign The Petition)
Trying to write my final paper for Asian Philosophies... Can I please just graduate college already?
I'll hold out hope that NBC will put The Office out of it's misery after next year.
ladies, you are breaking my heart. Actually, I'm laughing inside
how many know?
not much hoping to get more pics for our collage. Have you heard about it?
Don't Pull the thang out. Unless you prepared to BANG!
Good advice--especially for the stuff with fish in it. What all are you putting in your kimchi at the moment?
I wish, I have to work :(
So is PayPal completely non user friendly now? Makes me never want to use it!
guy friends will always be guy friends and never more than that
"I don't know what that is nor do I care to find out." Re: Diablo 3
Just kidding.
and where oh where have YOU been!?! :) how are you!!
I had sex with Harry Styles because he wanted me... Me likey.
and laundry while we're at it..
YOU GUYS ARE INCREDIBLE! loved every album
Why does FIFA 12 come out the day I leave for basic? Smh
is your sister coming into town or are we going down to occupy denver and beating up hippies? i'm confused :P
Black Heart by not mentioned yet. Great series end.
domo I just don't like it. It don't fit me lol. But I was just seeing if you knew a place that delt with phones.
That random text last night<<<
Whoa that was close
sweet dreams :)
I just wannabe successful. #RealTalk ...
dyed my hair lighter ! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
you will!!
Cocktails with CIO's and helping young rising tech stars at #techbash11 on 11/15 hosted by
Two words: Hall and Oates.
I'm following you so write something meaningful.
condolence to the friends and family of Smoking Joe Frazier, a great man who help make Ali the greatest.
Get out at 11:30 after exams. Religion and algebra.
Thanks for recommending us to hope he'll stop by while in Chicago.
Great day for some Diddy Kong racing
Some mf's are #nobueno what so ever..-_- simple minded asses...
That sounds fantastic! Would love to set up time soon to Skype "meet" since you're a member of the family now too
I don't even know why people think this movie is scary
Anyone have tips on getting your twitter feed a little more organized?
Fuck Chicago, shout outs to L.A be there n aug ,
I've been watching that alleluia
My greatest accomplishment-MY CHILDREN!
thanks for the shout out!
that's what I am talking about! Me too.
nah feeling lazeeeeh
omg im so ashaemd
I hope you're feeling better.
Seeing Nick Passio play Shoulder to the Wheel the other night at Geoff Rickly's show really made me wanna see
I'm pretty sure we just went through like 30 songs......
I want one too! :)
Living the Dream: We Love You, Dash
Thanks for the follow , , , Glad we can share our passion together here :)
RT if you'd rather be shopping! What store will you be visiting?
"Great, knowledgeable staff, very friendly environment!!!" -thank you Farrell. We appreciate you saying so!
getting probably enough money to get you there and back one day
worth it :) we are going to hurt tomorrow
Pass= I don't see it for what ever reason.
Bjørnshauge:Already 10 yrs of hard work on OA, but can we really make it work thru global collaboration & building infrastructure?
I hope its nice out!
Being president is a bad role model? I guess having a mommy with no brains is. Oh look daughter has no brains either
latin: micare, "to glitter".
Well, I think it's that (it's in our constitution) and electoral college and Post Past the ..winner takes all.
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly. ~ Margaret Fuller
“: Girls always ask "where are all the good guys at?" they're in the friend zone where you left them.” amen bro!
MirrorSleeves reached 400 fans on Facebook today! Awesome! If you have not joined us on FB yet, please LIKE us...
brain melt. work overload. Yet- extremely happy about the accomplishments I've made today, this week, this year, and throughout college. <3
yo this is hot if yall need beats let me know yall got some heat on yall if yall want to do a track togetherwe can
KentUcky smashes that lineup in December.
Do you have a charity benefit, fundraiser or giving event coming up? Use the hashtag #givebackDetroit to let tweeps know!
The Weather Channel greenlit a new documentary series "Hurricane Hunters" about pilots who fly into the massive storms for meteorological d…
have you tried to get tickets? We should try to go
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout When Someone Pulls Out There Phone ( It's Gettin REAL )
please follow :)
yay but dont get me mixed up with a polar bear theres no diffrence because i finally got to go outside today -angels hermonica
I would rather host The Last Supper in my asshole than watch another week of
I'm full of bad today!
tight skinies and if u have a half hang off tee wear it!
Kathy thanks for following - I returned the favor. Great wine this weekend but I would die for 1 of your cupcakes!
There's some heavy mix tape nostalgia and name dropping going on...
I didn't say that u said you didn't like him
That awkward moment when you wake up and your dog is licking your face and you think it's your boyfriend.....
It's a GREAT NAME! What is your middle name?? Can u guess mine???
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. It's the only thing that ever has. -Margaret Mead
Success is a staircase, not a doorway.
In another life I could be ur girl keep th promises we made be us gainst the world in nother life u would stay+wouldn't be th 1 who got away
Happy Monday!
Bindery Workers Job Description
I like old names. Omg. My poor future children.
How many runners was it?
Hope you had a good one. Looks like we all had a busy weekend. One last Happy Mom's Day Miz Jen!!!
Sorting through piles of emails
A Michael C. Hall fan! :)
I hear great things about and know a few ppl who are involved. That's cool!
it funny how im the bad guy lol but i dont get a fucc do you boo boo lol
A Veteran's Death, the Nation's Shame
Having a good day :)
Trying to figure out what to do for my boyfriend's birthday on the 20th. It's the same day as the NATO summit so...go to a protest?
just bc your a perv doesn't mean I'm one...I get more than my fair share hon
Thanks for climbing aboard!
'cuz we can: dogfooded a little Twitter Bootstrap app on Pantheon to help users verify their DNS settings:...
who? and whats up come out tonight mondrian then haven
At the White Rabbit getting set up for my show, go on at 10...come on down!!!
Formal starts at 7pm! Enter through the main door on the west side of the stadium & you will be directed to the proper room! See ya there!!!
Working on #FAFSA issue with a client.
Sleepover with next week eh?
i spent half the day in handcuffs....
That is what we love to hear, Emily! We hope to see you again soon. What was your favorite thing about San Francisco?
#chocolate dream.
LANDSCAPES is the theme for May Photo Contest. Please submit your best landscape photo to !
I'm kind of wishing NHL's Brendan Shanahan would take a few lessons from him.
That movie makes my heart hurt.
": #Libra men can give you best of both worlds. What else can you ask for?"
hahahahahahahaha that flipping made my day. We'll see if is going to ;) hahahahaha cause eeryone else is ;)
Be loud, let your colors show
Time to shower <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
Filmed our 3rd short this weekend, which means one things. Blowout wrap party for our first 3 films!!! Details coming soon.
I have tea in the morning rather than coffee. Coffee shouts, “Wake up!” Tea just suggests it in a calm, civilized tone.
sorry to hear you had a rough weekend. 1 kid with lots o' homework and 1 sick kid here.
You forgot to mention the two MOST POPULAR films made for CMF, AFRO THUNDA & MAN CRUSH which are ALSO going to CANNES.
I'm not
Awesome motivation technique you haz
If you are a blogger and use wordpress, please please please use categories and tags, they are there for a reason.
Be sure to stop by the Terracotta booth. Eric Mizell (from Atlanta) will be there.
#SometimesAllAGirlWants Is the D <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
take the battery out and hide it somewhere
Steve Blank () talking about startups at !
I'll find something for you to carry.
Happy TUESDAY! : Have a gorgeous day!
We have much to do together, Let us do it in wisdom and love and joy..Let us make this the human experience ~ Gary Zukav
Dont be totally woried about everything that's going around you it's my job -God
Gemini is the best sign ever! If your a Gemini RT this and follow me.ill damn sure follow you cause I'm
finishin up my project ..u??
Sad but true observation: Modern technology owes ecology an apology.- Alan M. Eddison
You been looking places?
what other thing would we be doing but raging?
Prospects who receive nurturing emails have a likelihood of responding increase by 3.5 percent.
I am good, just chilling with my brothers watching the games! Where u watching the games at?
um thanks for texting me back!!
I'm thinking they are frustrated disc jockeys... Or just really annoying and don't realize it yet. :)
The fact that he puts up with my stubborn ass>>>
Madrid drop another 2! Given the inevitable #Barca April Clásico win that is an effective 3 point lead with 9 remaining games. Vamos Barça!
I did. Autocorrect strikes again
I still don't know who Tyler the Creator is
It's a special brand of cruelty to take a beer geek to a brew pub for lunch & disallow alcohol consumption.
I miss my parents <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Good luck on finals this week, Jags!
Well, heck. If that doesn't do it, nothing will.
This hoe fat
Aramis Ramirez is terrible. Cut him.
Why try to water plants & u know damn well its nothing u can do with that dead as plant. Boys are like plants they won't grow.. up
Shout out to my friend Justin Osmond: [ #audiology Hearing with My Heart: Interview with Justin Osmond ow.ly/1eg1y4]
Social Media is NO LONGER for "amateurs" - today the audience is much more savvy - not worth risking your brand to save a buck...
There are pleasures that take a long time and virtues that require discipline and difficulty. - brian mclaren
After a while all the fun seems to die . Closer and closer to your last day
Louisville surprising early shooting three and offensive rebounding better than expected
My mom semt me four boxes of Freihofers chocolate chip cookies. Amazing how good cookies from a box can be,
#sacramento What do you mean I have a great name? YOU have an awesome name!
just admitted that he used to bark back in the day when DMX would come on at parties. (Admit it- you did too)
' Why do you hate me? Is it because I farted that time?
wtf is going on on espn right now...dancing bimbos, a special guest not even a baseball player, and no mention of the WS champs
We could hunt squirrels!
99% sure I saw pedway stalker at my train stop this morning. BRB, researching where to buy a taser.
Feeling #thankful! Give someone a smile today. It's contagious.
We love updates from Team Bookin' It! MT I'm planning my couch to 5k workout routine. I'm running & raising money for
yo twiggah Guess who's back ?
ya hay twitcam? :O
I'm loving watching #DSOlive today from Washington DC!
Vegas I will be home soon thank god 2011 is over with and hopefully I won't spend the holidays overseas
- Lhhh Girl Its Okay. Lhh Is the legends close to where you and tay stay ?
RFT! : It's sad. I give great advice, but can never follow my own words..
Who's coming by for Theory Trivia @ 7:30? We've got great drink specials like $6 avion margaritas, $4 pacifico & $4 victoria drafts
what was your favorite goodie in your goodie bag gift you won from our Open House?
Yes. Real craftsmanship.
about time for lunch... what's it going to be?
Trying out a new hairstyle every night. Tonight: casually messy with bangs
yes but I'll knock math as much as I want thank you very much. I refuse to do that shit anymore
‘Abdu’l-Bahá’s just sent one of his party to find Corinne True, whose son Davis died last night.
Sorry we missed you! Thank you so much for sharing our hours with others. I'd be happy to give you a tour in the future!
noodle candy for the day: "In an evolving universe, who stands still moves backwards." -Robert Anton Wilson
u are going sleep
Do install the 3.2 version? It is much better! Now you can look for dictionary or translate words on line.
I am getting ready to start my last blog entry for 2011. It will be published shortly! :)
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. Jim Rohn
have you started yet?!
good morning insomnia!!!
That's a woman in that avi??? Nigga I don't believe you!
ok cool
Yes I can
Thx for the RT and interest!
Daughter is on first day of week long 50 mi hike on a part of Appalachian Trail. Sent text message. Modern-day version of postcard from home
”philosopher Julez” it is today. Hope u have a good day, keep the quotes coming
urghhhh that annoys me so much! <AB
Drinking beers & looking 4 hugs at w/
It's going well! When are you guys coming to visit us? It's time for a visit.
SportingKC will knock the LAgalaxy out of this orbit.
inside Or Outside Ur Body!!..
you're one in a 3 billion!
Loved that book.
SOS?? I went in there Wednesday and pulled 52 and they were on 50!!! Sad to say one of the best moments of my week??
Erica is shaving her legs. This should be a day marked in history.
Are you up late...or early? Isn't it already Wednesday where you are?
Not getting painting done...
15 days till spring break, <3
Psst..just heard the Blellow API is in final testing & will be open to a few developers in the next few days...want in? Let us know!
yes. That is the luck I have.
Don't allow your wounds to turn you into a person you are not - because who you are is awesome.
Advice to self: Don't tweet angry. Wait til you can tweet it funny, which may be a long enough time for the radioactive poison to work.
Insane leglise blubber talk=Obama
a Centrist becomes a bit radical in the face of extremes, something with which the radical left and TP agenda is familiar.
It shouldn't have been that close. The offense dug the hole, but the offense got them out, too. Well done.
I feel better now RT : RT : Boredom tun up
Shout out to bright, personable, and patient young lead sales consultant Maurice Mack at AT&T Dearborn, MI Store! A KEEPER
was it good? (the sour apple and vitamin water)
Baby you should let me love you
She needa get her a piece of american pie and take her a bite out, that's my house, I'll disconnect the cable and turn the lights out.
But don't get their strategy in picking the 1st 2 singles. Not my choice, think the ones that weren't considered are the gems
Good morning everyone.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Np bro.. I thank you and Evan and everyone for gettin this thing together, its honestly the most fun i have had in years.
Muscles are so sore!! just the way I like it
RT : FREE #IndieChicksAnthology stories about #love #marriage #kids #dreams #writing Sneak peeks in 25 novels...
2 MUST-READ books, both by Energy Bus and Training Camp. These are great resources 4 Coaches, Business, Teams & LIFE!
Ill be in Texas in May
I love a good #challenge (especially #food related) :o) RT o/ it´s challenging...but fun! :D
Aw, the customer from Saturday called to tell me how much they liked the aircraft carrier cake!
Can't wait to see tomorrow!
I don't have that kinda time player.
Awesome new local San Francisco band w/a a great sound New Diplomat... check out www.newdiplomat.net
I don't do african boys , they crazy lol .
Amazing win tonight for the Mavs!!!
Rise and shine it's seminar time then road trippin
Been Havin A Gud Birthday Week..2 Parties Down/2 More To Go Thanx Ta Everybody Who Been Rollin Wit Me....We Live This Weekend!!-Breeze DTA-
Best man date ever!! From what i remember... RT : Man date on sweetest day with !!!
you should put your logo and make the page less scary and more ppl friendly
Hope school tomorrow goes better than Sat...
I made the mistake of discovering dark-chocolate Reese's cups. Goodbye to my fit, slender body.
its fun talking to you;)
follow me... Belieber always..
Thank you!
Less then 6 hours...
Joke? What joke?
I dont know about Cookie Dough vodka :-X But Three Olives Fluffed is great with some hot chocolate. Yummy!
Enjoyed helping my Mom navigate Linkedin. After 16 years teaching she is looking for a new career.
Come to beer and blog tonight... 4-6 @ green dragon.
#FF is the City of Philadelphia's art/culture/creative office--a great place to check out for arts news and resources.
Nosebleeds are gross.
hahaha i'll do my best! thanks!
happy birthday!!
Wish I could go to Ukraine... right about now...
Jordan stayed and built a winner after he couldn't get past Isaiah and the Pistons. LeBron jumped ship to Miami (1/2)
I La La LOVE #Snooki :*
New post: Peter Cellars - a fun family winery
yes it will!
Can't sleep. No one to talk to :/
i killed a man once for saying that was the best band ever
Circle your right foot clockwise and draw a 6 in the air with your right finger...can you keep your foot heading in a clockwise direction?
kicks off tomorrow! Join us at Steny's st 5 for a firkin tapping of Maker's Demise along with 5 other beers!
°o° DAE wear sunglasses on Rock'N Rollercoaster to keep tears from streaming from their face?
The team at MacSpeakers had a great week. We're off to a good start this year and off for the weekend!
Going to 30A tomorrow with Cuz Karen and friend Denise. Have to pack a lot of beach into 48 hours.
Yo...Josh killed that ish on #Idol damn brotha the godfather heard that!!!
just got asked out on a date by a stranger selling tickets. i'm almost flattered. ha
Good Morning everyone! Happy Monday! :)
I'm a reporter with SD union tribune, working on story re St. Jude Academy closing its doors. Would like to do interview.
Erica you're a hashtag pro! Kelli I think you're right--my tweets were top secret!
Btw I'm a genius who can't go to the game bc I bought tickets not thinkin about my final exam tomorrow at 6pm.
that's a great idea, short ones or really short one?
might I suggest that you move your Google calender on blogspot somewhere else, it is getting in the way of your articles
dude same here. i have enough hershey kisses to feed all of the children in Africa
Make Koney famous
great seeing you at vtr! and I thought of one more drink for the OU bar - hot nut shots from Tonys!
dayuuuuum!!!! You're my hero! ^_^
Bringin light-skinned cats back in style?! Lol...
We did it! 21% over our original goal, we successfully funded God of Blades through Thank you ALL who have helped us get here!
Um Heck Yea!!! Can't wait to hear it Werrrrrrrd
Big win!!
We're at Community Health Network at 7330 Shadeland Station. 11-1 for lunch.
woo! Happy Birthday Kenny!! #MissYouBoth haha
FHA buyers....please understand....you must put in many offers to get one accepted.
#RIPMCA my favorite Beastie Boys song : Professor Booty
We are having a assembly and I might have it a lill longer
Read your post on the 311 App, if you really want to understand our selection process I would be happy to talk to you.
hahaha, i just got your tweet -.-
Watching Judy Garland movies....I love TCM...
Emotional ass episode. Got me leakin haha.
When I try to sleep its never the dog OR the train. Its the dog AND then the train, or the train AND then the dog. Double noise. :(
Sustainable businesses need 'em.
Kid in my class today came up with a comic about "Mine Craft Mom"
green eggs and kane
Adversity is the foundation of virtue. -Japanese proverb
It's my dads bday tomorrow...looks like a celebration all weekend!
This a really good game
I'm sitting at work watching suspect shit go down? Or is there such thing as pregnancy paranoia?
Tobe - Are you prepared to make the leap from customer service to customer experience?
Just opened Pinterest to find my boards covered with CATS! NYPL, what are you doing to me!?!
owned #NeverSayNeverDVD for 3 days, watched it 3 times.. 3 for 3.. should we watch it again?
STATE COLLEGE, Pa. (AP) -- Penn State provides more than $5.5 million in payments and benefits to Paterno estate.
Thank you for your support!
Friday's w/Krystal in LONG ISLAND - Eisenhower Park in East Meadow (Nassau County 2:00pm - 3:30pm
Justin Bieber Mouse Cursor ? Oh yus <3
If you feel a model who makes 1.8 mil needs "child support" then you must feel a woman's place in in the kitchen. It is 2012, not 1955
FRESH NEW STICKY NUGPORN DANK IN: Royal Purple, 619 OG, Lemon Kush, Shaman, Plane Wreck, Super Berry Queen Hash & more WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy ;)
Holy neatness!! You guys make such a great couple <3
NEED A CUT OR COLOR BEFORE THE HOLIDAYS!? We have openings today, call for a spot between 1:00-6:00 PM / CALL (773) 252-9522
Just finished interviewing Julianne Yates of Gallery Heist for Culturcosm. "Now or Never" indeed! Inspiring.
I am not sure what I am doing here yet....when I figure it out I will let you know....and write something insanely provocative.
Instead, we invite you to join artistic director Jonathan Miller and ensemble member Trevor Mitchell for post-concert chats!
Rx denial (via CVS in FL) recently happened to my mother after her insurance comp made her switch from local pharmacist.
I want to lay out in the rain and take a nap.
is cracking!!!!!
HR pros apparently take their bingo very seriously. It's down home nite at
That big gap is why promotion-relegation HAS to exist in England. Not MLS. RT : of course there's big gap.Why root for that?
i was kicking the walls & cracked it
trump now throwing all those voters he didn't have behind romney.
I'm sleepy & I want to be back in my boyfriend's bed. Sigh.
happy birthday to Bella, and <3
wishing you lived in the LA area so you could win a date with austin.
Omg!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #CongratsChariceKCA congratulations chasters!!!!!i love u all!!!mmmmwahhh!!!
thanks! glad you liked it!
hahah every time one of his movies comes out my mom makes me see it with her
is looking for your help: Contact Congress show support to pass The "Do Not Track Kids Act of 2011"
Hoping today bears no resemblance to yesterday.
: Thanks Neil! We'll be there!
nice catch!
ps. You can follow joe
Now time to watch Masters and do IPL4
guess why I smile?... Cuz it's worth it.
I been good I had a son.. And im about to graduate and go to hair school
I believe DA asked her to declare law had not been published, but she declined to rule, saying she wants to hear more testimony/args.
Just cleaned the whole house
Note: tweeting "Gort, klaatu barada nikto" is NOT the same as speaking it. Please, you guys, this is kind of important.
Getting ready for yet ANOTHER job interview. I am on a roll!
Open for Friday booze train. Win Allison and Angie Thompson are your party engineers.
. the first one's free... ;) but seriously, I don't say nice things (ask anyone), but I do say true things...
awesome come to mexico please
What if we traded asphalt jungles for grass-phalt jungles? That's happening. One September day each year, on National Park(ing) Day.
says the hubby with a sp. lol doing well! You missed no chemical soup night. Lol
yeah man how doing
They ask me often do you ever stop ? ME: NO.. They ask me will you ever slow down ? Me: (With the bugged out look) NEVER ..
RT I wonder if it's too hot in the bayou to wear that Fonzie fur jacket had when he was here in march.
Get Slim for only $50 during at Adara! 50 min Arasys Inch Loss and our Slimming Package for only $50! Lose Inches & Fat!!!
Vancouver seems inoffensive - if a bit bland - these days.
me too! How did this day fly by so fast!? ;)
Easy Listening
Smithsonian Mobile Open Welcome Wednesday booked solid!
Watching the news then off to zumba!
Workshop attendees, full day workshops start at 9 am and half day workshops start at 8:30 am. Don't miss any of the great content.
Coming to school on a pointless day <<<
"I have tried simply to write the best I can. Sometimes I have good luck and write better than I can." - Hemingway
thanks for textin back :P
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Neck ties are the #1 gift for Father's Day.
haha where do we get those!?
Finish boys don't let up
The Lucky One was such a cute movie.
Ace Ventura is one of those retarded but classic movies
sure - email me from the link in the posting!
#ilikedyouuntill you took me to a Jonas Brothers concert
ahh I haven't been on twitter but I'm saying a prayer tonight! So glad he's okay
Down 5 with 5 to play. Lets go Toppers!
Court this week, finally will be off bond and get my 1k back, hopefully just a diversion for everything, or else my career is FUCKED.
Been watching the total gym program for about twenty minutes now..
you're nice :PP
thanks for the follow. I may have to change this acct again, because everyone's a private eye in this place, no anonymity
let's get married lol
I want to fall deeply in love<3
I am looking for TEFL teachers in South America. If you are interested in being interviewed as a TEFL teacher, then message me...
Hi Sharon! It's great to connect.
what stakes is the mix game?
yeaa whos gonna take over tuesday
#nowfollowing an abstract artists from Ohio might feature you.
nice story, Jesse. I was wondering why you were at a Snappers game the other night, now it all makes sense
The montessori method is interesting in this regard. There are three age groups together in the same classroom
What's good in Atlanta on a Sunday?
love a little hip hop in the morning! however, you wrote
them socks is hot!
RT : You're doing an awful lot of tweeting about the Cardinal for a Herald alum<- I love all my student news org kids!
Thanks for the RT!
What I learned? Be happy in your own success, not discouraged by the success of others. If not, you'll never be satisfied.
NBA needs the #MOVL neighborhood at suite level. Real time fantasy bball and gaming
Hey, how do you make your dice bags looks so nice? Or is that because they are open? Is the closed bag inherently scrunchy?
hey how much are you gonna put up for me in the million dollar buy in?
DISLIKE. And not true. Quality is key:)
Hello, is it cheese you're looking for?
Thanks, same to you!!
hey, I've been wondering how to make lyric videos. Can you tell me how you made yours?(:
Delaware penalty to Paul Tropsa. 2 for tripping. Oakland to the PP
That's it for me tonight <U+270C>
Well, Happy #Friday to you, Nurse Sallie! Have a great weekend!
If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it. - Mary Engelbreit
I think being friends is safer for me
u said well come little boy
I need to try Pabst Blue Ribbon one of these days.
RT Imagonna take the fact that my timeline won't load is sign from god I need other hobbies.
Tomorrow we gonna bust a sick ass mission!
John: I learned the solo to bohemian rhapsody last night. What an awesome solo!
And thank you to these new followers also... !!!
maybe a dumb q but it's all free right ?
: Hey, have you guys announced a CFP for 2012 conference yet?
#BoyzOnEllen .... We need her to see this <U+2665>
trying contactme and liking it! I think we found our tool
#mediachat … Lets kick it off!
Stranger danger!
So glad to home now I can rest my body
Loving my new job as an Account Representative at What an excellent team of marketers!
going on the river in Portland Oregon, on a new MasterCraft.
I'm one very happy guy after losing my one true love! - April fools. Haha Im miserable xD Staying optimistic though.
someone's having a liiiittttllleeee too much fun with Instagram.
RT : "Now girl I hear it in your voice and how it trembles, when you speak to me I don't resemble who I was."
NEED to see who has STANDARD'S??
does it cost anything after the 99¢ charge?
Silence is a girl's loudest cry. When she is silent, there's a million things running around in her head and she is at her breaking point
Conform to what wishes? All I did was condemn your use of "Liberal" as a pejorative. Nowhere in there is any demands.
Unless u r going out to the desert to fast please keep your mouth shut because I don’t think Jesus wants to hear that u gave up diet coke.
Woke up
and good time seeing you today, thanks for the drinks, stay safe in the k-ville
Getting ready for my concert at GREEN DOLPHIN STREET tonight 7-7:30pm, half hour set only. Free pizza & booze 6-7pm. Then, Wonder Bar :30
Never let your failures get to your heart, & never let your success get to your head. Stay humble(:
Our animals are so spoiled! Gato ate breakfast 3x yesterday! Whatsit??!
Zai talking bout he found a friend on Facebook? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Finally It's Friday
You guys were AMAZING on SNL! Did I see poke at one point? haha love you guys.
I think I've been spelling Bahn Mi wrong all week because of that truck...thought it looked wrong. I'm bringing wine.
Richard Brown: Create conditions for healthy relationships.
Federal judge orders govt to pay $17.8 million to suvivors of University City family killed when military jet destroyed their home.
Thanks for the follow! Knightstown, huh?
I need a job!
Trinity's Sean Dageforde is hit in the right elbow area to leadoff the B3. He stays in to run and the Rocks follow w/ two fly ball outs.
If only u could find me a babysitter. MT Tonite's special: Scallops, Celery Root Puree, Sauteed Apples & Bacon in a Cider Sauce
Remodel of by #FluxDesign , slated for install just after Easter!!
Got my musician FaceBook Page up! Will link it here in a bit...
Artful Expression: "Art is not what you see, but what you make others see." Edward Degas
Ain't they just like monsters? They come to feed on us, giant little animals. If I am lost it's only for a little while.
hey every1 I am getting off I am tried & I need 2 think about some things
Gov. Walker will be recalled and the Dems will take back the Senate on June 5th. Primary will be May 8th.
Just finished lunch at Gino's East. Definitely a must-hit spot for me in Chicago. Of course, I have left-overs. Who wants some pizza?
Congrats to the Future 50! Looking forward to celebrating your success tonight! Many clients and friends made the list this year.
I hate how my mom keeps telling me to buy irrelevant items when is coming... Does she not understand how important this is?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Haven't you gotten in enough trouble on planes?!
THanks. Novak is playing now ??
Encouraging myself right now...I am Victorious!!! ~
South Bend, Indiana...... A place no one between the ages of 13 and 50 should be stuck. Yet I will find a way to make it work.
BreakThat Single show the top 20 countdown today at 11am-1pm PST Indie music artist home of hot singles.
We're heading into overtime! #punt!
24 weeks is tough. I hope all is well now.
WE GET A LITTLE
I hate chocolate
Fair enough; I agree with that, Richardson just happens to be one of my two sure things this year, AP quality.
a substitute is a private citizen, ulicensed, no contract. A sub is not a teacher. Please amend your headline.
Attn ambiguously pregnant women: If you ask for my seat on the subway, I'll get up. Otherwise I'll assume you're just fat.
I'm just reading all 5 chapters now... Yikes.
Life is #dope and I'm hooked
You're lucky you said that, little one.
Have you been spammed or are you really making $490/day clicking links...?
INSERT INTO `fam_quotes` VALUES insert into quotedb values
not allowed: more george clooney:cary grant comparisons
RT : Good discussion about the college paper that named a rape victim after she identified herself at a rally....
Damn you, Bayview, and your parking tickets!! cc:
"There are those who make things happen, those who let things happen and those who wonder what happened. Who are you?"
You are lying between the girl of your dreams and gay. You're naked. Who do you turn back?
"If you Believe, it will Happen."
“: son is gonna be subject to so many pranks by his father lol” Lmaoo! You know it!
Tell that story at parties
YAY it's the 1st of the month. Official first name: Latina. In case you had any doubts about her ethnicity.
In Fla for few days! Hm sweet hm.
anybody want any free features tell em holla at me. I got bars fa days
Irondequoit and Sodus locations will be open Saturday if you need us. Have a great weekend everyone!
Okay, I'll send you a direct message to explain further!
For those of you not aware: I don't sleep. Like ever. I average 3 to 4 hours a night of restless,fitfull dozing. I'm also hyperactive.
You need to pitch that as a script idea. I smell a rom com greenlight.
Things are looking good. Keep up the positive attitude!
thanks. come visit us
I'm suppose to be doing something today O_o ??
Hard to imagine having to step in for Whitney, in this situation, but Jennifer was really really good
We very much appreciate your feedback John! Welcome to
Gotta make some important decisions soon! Do I take the Red or Blue Pill? Tell Morpheus, I need more time!
Were Open Monday-Friday from 8am-530pm and Saturdays 8am-3pm stop by for your annual smog check
To be in your children’s memories tomorrow, you have to be in their lives today ~ Anonymous
Good things about today's lunch: Tasty barbecue. Bad things: Ballistically befouled by migrating starlings.
DON'T you be holding back your LOVE! (:
Sending out #FF's to my girls enjoy y'all wet kiss day and may it lead to an amazing weekend. Xo :)
We are infinitely committed to our clients' needs
Good lord I'm exhausted and there's still 3 mins left in the first half
What will be your contribution to National Honesty Day?
having r 2nd annual film festival 01/28/11. If u'd like 2 submit a short or a trailer, pls email , its free pls RT
2.I <3 the color green Turn On: When a guy has class Turn Off: When a guys swag is more important then you
Afrolicious was off the hook yet again last night!! Thanks to Candelaria for bringin' such a tasty blend of styles and the amazing crowd!!!
Have you seen what's going to be in the upcoming estate sale?
Read to a Dog from 3:30 to 4:30. Have you met our newest 'Read to a Dog' Dog? If not, stop by and say hello to Bella!
at my mom's church, the pastor was against gay marriage but for Obama.
I really truly love my boyfriend :)
voted today for Amundsen LSC. Great candidates running. Make sure you go and vote today for high school LSCs!
Listening in...
I will.
Thanks for the iPhone advice.
Oh..I mean certain people follow it, but, some are like "Fuck this! I'm just gonna wear this!"
For you bless the righteous,O Lord; you cover him with favor as with a shield." ~ PSALMS 6:12
why is that awkward?
He's crafty like that.
im cold! this AC is no joke right now lol
idk I guess after being real sick.. Then I haven't lifted as hard as I have been now
Keep trying (: If not I'll bust an all nighter & we'll cam later. c: ?
Oxy Mo: Audio visual
You do not mess with my girlfriend, family, or friends... Life lesson #1 for ya!
anytime! Let me know if I can help learning some of the ropes. The twitter jargon can be a little difficult at first.
How are you always at Wawa!?!?!
I can't. Not right now.
lol better to show
I've put off my essay long enough...time to get started...tomorrow ;)
my aunt recommended that too. I guess I'll have to try it.
Gonna buckle down and fix my #Facebook fanpage this week... which is ironic because I am not a fan of facebook.
#Top100Lies "I didn't tell anyone".
- simple, have your husband by "calorie offsets" from you.
Hey Evan, why isn't the game on BTN?
Thanks to and I'm addicted to twitter! #thanksguys :)
Content Is King! Bring your ideas to reality faster than ever with Twitter. Let us do the work, you have more time to create the content.
Got That Right! I love them (:
this weather is gorgeous today in #Cleveland!!!
no! As if you're one to talk anyway! I'm pretty sure yesterday was wednesday. We all know what that means. Hahahah
You are the Latina Effect!
Getting schooled on Etta James right now by my Uncle. Now playing Come A Little Closer album circa 1974.
u still there?
Dont push it dude :p RT : told you I'm cooler than Coors Light lol
I can't believe the greatest QB of all time won't be wearing a horseshoe anymore.
I am outraged over the way you disrespected Judge Karen.
im just letting u know now lol and we can hang before that too :)
good company
stop stealing jokes
why is it i get on twitter and all i see on my home page, i see tweets talking about stds and protection????
A jet-lagged cherry tree does not blossom.
Hmm... If you want to unpack that statement for me, I'll buy the coffee. (Offer restricted to this side of the Atlantic;-))
Man I ain't been on in a min
Thanks for the RT. GREAT article from Lodging Hospitality.
Is anyone planning on NOT deleting their #Google Search History?
who cares if ppl talk about you thats what ppl do get over it UGH
Sometimes people put up walls, not to keep others out, but to see who cares enough to break them down.
One of my favorites. "The Beatles" from Liverpool to San Francisco
For some reason, I'm imagining the "Brady Bunch" theme narrated by Werner Herzog. It's pretty great.
Got a weird feeling the Knicks step up and win big tonight. Better team without Amare. Melo drops 40
I Love coconuts! they also have plenty of electrolytes! So if you are feeling dehydrated,drink coconut milk
I'm sure that you could quickly strike up a sponsorship deal with Boots!
I miss my sister, calls her right quick!
That's what we said!
as long as you consider being an Enrique iglesias zombie then we are golden.
#2 Record this week is ADELE "21" selling 91,683 #soundscan USA #National #Charts ==== We report sales, sells, money,
I was watching #americasnexttopmodel episodes from 2009, and I saw you on one of the episodes doing the girls make-up,
but overall, if your indie film is plastered with it, usually it's pretty terrible.
Cold weather can hurt your health! Fighting a stuffy nose? These essential oils can help: Eucalyptus, TeaTree, Lemon, Thyme & Peppermint
Sure - we'll add that interest soon.
Today's the 35th anniversary of 'Annie Hall.' What is your favorite #NY film?
maybe i needa take a twitter break since everyone ignores me anyway.
Fell victim to the Subway cookie trap this morning. How am I supposed to say no to fresh baked cookies? SO delicious before 10 am.
Foo Fighters vs. Deadmau5. It ends in a tie. Hulk Hogan is up next to arm wrestle David Grohl.
Each lovely second add up to make a beautiful life.
I miss the Jonas Brothers.
Just applied to THATCamp Virginia 2012. Hope that I get in!
I just got out of class heading to the bed for a nap talking to a old friend..
If I continuously check my phone while Im out in public alone, no one will think Im a loser.
That guy did not like Michael's joke, or his henway.
I personally think it's sexy when curses in his tweets.
is officially my favorite place to grab a bite...hope they go nationwide...if in Cali, you must try...
welcome n.n! and thank you c:
congrats fellow SAG-AFTRA members!! one union!! we did it!!!! #progress !!!! <3
Crime fighting is what I do.
la la la.
Have a great weekend everyone!
Thank you, I will have our #Chicago rep reach out! Much appreciated!
So much of our everyday existence seems tedious, so I feel moved to construct utopian fantasies to inspire myself & others.
I'm glad Twitter didn't exist when I was in college! ;-) RT : I need your help lol
A new way to look at competing flights that looks like it has great potential.
Henry Wallace~ The century which we are entering can be and must be the century of the common man.
I've been high since I picked up, and I'm
it's just filthy this year. In a good way. It's actually quite intimidating.
I know (h)
I am proud that I refrained last night from calling the speaker of the Colorado house a motherfucking asshole, even though he is one.
YEP DON'T FORGET MELLON SCHOLARS PROGRAM!
Sounds awful
yes, me too. Daily mile is super positive. :-)
i'll lick the steam off the window after her and I... Wait... Err... Love you! :D
To live as a human is to constantly evolve, and there is no being on earth that reaches a stop point, not even the most enlightened ~Zachary
It is wise to speak truth to power w/respect, dignity, & sincerity--and be willing to pay the price for one's actions, if necessary!
how yu get yo letters like that
it literally rains every GD tuesday
Last day to get 15% off your entire order. Enter #discount code WINTER2012 during checkout and #free shipping continental US, over $200
Oh snap
He's going to take all of your phones next and you won't get them back till after church. Haha
THIS is the civil rights issue of our time; all loving couples deserve <3 equality under the law. Thanks
What the fuck going on tonight?
Life as performance art
Am I the only one who thinks that the whole "women bringing me sandwhiches" thingy is really offensive?? :L
I love it. Can't wait to see pictures!
oh gosh seen video lol wow =D sorry i loughed
I hate One Direction, especially Niall, Harry, and Louis. ESPECIALLY HARRY AND NIALL.
Now means with time zones it will be the start of both the new NFL season & Rugby World Cup within 6 hours- we got ourselves a sportsfest!!!
Dad's bday today -- is that one of the things helping this feel like a brand-new phase? Also, sweet autumn rain cleared out some energy.
Mat Gamel: Which super hero are you playing with that mask?
RT : Stan: "The only thing I'm really uncomfortable with is bullshit." Dwight: "[bullshit.]"
I'm totes gonna work on pulled this summer so I can add it to my rep.
Seeing The #Avengers with the affable and
funny how both parties are the same except for: 1) abortion 2) gay marriage 3) creationism ... yet people get up in arm about it!
Thanks 4 following folks!! Make it a great day!!!
thx for the mention but where is story? Did you repost a blog of mine on your site, if so can you please provide direct link?
We're excited for this!
Good Luck Jr.
I agree, there is a change stemming from 2.0, and it is forcing students to be teachers in the best of ways!
still cannot commit one way or the other due to nicole having an appointment in MKE
I have a big one (13) and small one (4)
Jab at Mike Hart?
you should really come to staten island to surprise people ! <3
i hate this class -,-
My day to Nathan is almost over. Exausted now, gonna go to sleep. To wake up to Nathan. <3 :) he weres me out. xD
groan. where are you watching it?
Thank you for sharing your wonderful Goddess self with us! Yes!
we already had our launch party. Our site should be up in the next day or so
If I don't go to the store today I think I'll end up in #jail for child neglect. LMAO! Old mother Hubbard ain't got nothin on me.
It was so nice to see YOU at The Strand, and I am loving Narcopolis!!! Thanks so much!
Aw well now he gets his own lol. I'm so happy for him oh my goodness.
RT : RT : RT The tongue like a sharp knife... Kills without drawing blood ~Buddha
Omfg i just love this music
Some part of me really wants to meet Wayne Static tonight
Check out 4 blocks from New Museum. 380 Broome St. Sweet candy!
Yay! Good answer from the landlord on two of our three questions! Of course, the third question was about the rent increase...
Charleston, Fayetteville, Beckley to me.
HaHa and I have to wait to see it online...
I hope you aren't referring to me.
If you were at #MDFF12 and snagged any extra posters or other paper items, you can donate them to the MdHS #ephemera collection!
anyone know of a movie that's in the family/romance genre ? it's going to be one of those nights..
If you want an example of what not to write in a super hero movie, then be sure to watch Wolverine.
Hey. You. Internet. Wanna make a record? Then follow and find out how.
you're The one to blame though lol I said In a good way aha stop making me wanna talk to you :-) jk don't do that
Damn Straight! Get the girls going tomorrow and make sure you bring your "A" game. That is why it's a Best of 3
“: My teacher just gave the most awkward speech about wearing tanks. I'm the only 1 in class with 1 too.” same...
Without FAITH it is Impossible to please GOD #Faith passion
Some politicians want to help Florida, others just want to hold office here.
You’ve failed me for the last time, XAMPP.
Californos Opera Supper is wrapping up it's 5th year of fantastic singing and entertainment. Catch this event the third Monday in December.
#thatAwkwardMoment when during the na-na part of We Are Young you hold your cat up in the air and make him sing meow-meow <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
Does the new #Techcrunch have images, or is it just my Chrome that is lacking?
Eff Josh Hamilton. He is the absolute worst. Can't celebrate with team cuz he can't be around champagne?
#FF an up and coming young artist who's musical skills are sick! Seriously people, #FF #FF #FF this chick!
Maybe the Texas Cup race would have been more interesting if they'd had a dolphin fountain in the middle of the front stretch.
We're excited to send & (from ) to 's convention in See you all there!
Will Dusty EVER learn his lesson with Arroyo? He's fine until the 6th inning. He can only go about 5. Today? 3 run bomb in the 6th
“I'm hiring an assistant box office manager. If you want to have an awesome-socks boss let me know.”- [+1 about the socks]
you are welcome.
in the midst of 2 new CDs of my bands but let's plan. Haven't seen Byard in a while. Dexter - maybe? Is the Khan track out?
Omg I cant
Back and fourth.
lol your a mess and I love it! Cracks me up! Keep tweeting girl!
alright I'm going to crash now :) we can pick up this convo sometime soon :)
Absolutely. I had a tasting at a wine event & ordered a bottle. Also getting Cab Franc I haven't tried. Let u know
Sounds good! Have a great week!
You clearly don't know our nerdy level. We already discussed whether or not we want to get new helmets for skating :)
thanks for the mention! We appreciate it :)
Do your part to jolt the economy. Text a friend who doesn't have unlimited texting. Then do it again. And again. My fav is the friendly "hi"
okay well I really hope you go!
(AP) -- Former Denver Broncos quarterback Tim Tebow has been traded to the New York Jets
Railroads a site of contention where religious imagery was used to transform trains of segregation to vehicles of liberation.
I know. It was awesome lol
oh yeah, i think i remember you mentioning that. i know, it's horrible stuff.
gtg peace out <U+E011>
We need to hear more than anything right now!n HE>i John 3:30
Excellent question! I really don't know. Can anyone else share an opinion on this? (I'm not currently on Pinterest etc.)
hell yeah dude!!!
WASSUP PEOPLE, HOW & WHAT IS EVERYONE DOING??? TELL ME WHAT'S ON UR MIND, TALK 2 ME, DNT B SHY!!!!
about to hear #saysomethin for the first time(:
“: Drake told me that she could make my pussy whistle. Challenge accepted.”
o really? Lol Well then yay us! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
no doubt bra, wassup wit ya
yes, changes like that would be by altering or adding to your CSS
Do not leave soiled bedding in crate. If #dog becomes used to mess, very hard to break habit. Undermines create training.
G'ready
ugh I know <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
5pm here and to keep to my new priority goals, that means quitting time! Woohoo! :D Not that I might not sneak a peek later. G'nite!
I always wondered what J&J were up to while Sam & Dean were busy pretending to be them.
im training tomorrow! im so excited to have you little bastards back there with me!!
I will for you love <3
Tip:) there are plenty of customers for your services. Believe it!!
Dats da only lady I got n my life real shyt
at a casino, not gambling. I really need to pick a better Saturday activity...oh wait...there's the bar : )
Not letting the iPhone 5 talk distract me from my work today. I guess this tweet is evidence it already has. #doh!
"California Vacation" - The Game
May you live to be 100 and may the last voice you hear be mine. ~ Frank Sinatra
it's too bad he's not doing Android, I could have asked you questions along the way! Are you having good success?
Too late, my time has come, sends shivers down my spine, body's aching all the time, goodbye everybody, i've got to go.
What is the CTA media program focus? Use inform policy process, improve farmers practices, and promote image of agric
Principles we live by: Cooperation, Sustainability, Quality, Safety, Design Excellence.
hysterical series of RTs
& even when I slide, God got my back if u scheme dont try it, cut cross water so my flo rip tides, kno about the lowend & I dnt mean Tribe.
Doing my VMware sales training - module 5 and I FINALLY get some information about the technology as opposed to the company!
So lucky you're wearing that ring! Lol
"I'm hungry. I'm really hungry...Damn I'm hungry. I'm hungry bye!" only Jc only Jc..
"I don't want it if everybody can get it."
I agree. How do we go about getting this reversed?
Don’t miss the exhibition of work by PNCA student Justin Kenney in the Wieden+Kennedy Lobby on NW 13th Avenue. Seriously blew me away
Great advice from : When pitching investors, call early AM to speak w exec directly. No secretary to screen calls.
My mon said Carlos is way to intelligent for his age lol
Coming soon new landing page for fournote !!! wow i cant wait to upload it and share it with all users.
i walk around - feels great. Then everyone is like no!!
Im excited about getting a MVP pin and a bobblehead on Sunday
I think about u every day every sec and min and hour I'm alive I love u Robert <3 as so as alex
Taking a break, give me minute people, make it 8.
"I'm No Beauty Queen I'm just Beautiful Me"
he took one hit n said ma good shit keeps him coming back..! *PUUUUULLLLLL UUPPPP* LOL
Likewise! I wish we had more time to talk. I guarantee I will be contacting you - I am a walking accident waiting to happen.
Oh yeah, I also nearly finished a painting that I started a long time ago and then put aside for like a year. I guess it was finally time.
Pretty god day!
yea that's gross
So… I'm going to finally come out & ask; Why was Venkman carrying a syringe of Thorazine on his date w/ Dana in Ghostbusters?
Found my keys!
Thank you for coming out to support the race today!
One down; three to go... Not looking real good at this point!
Thanks for the follow. What kind of roustabout?
does 's wordpress install let us embed tweets?
Feels like Im swallowing razorblades.....
AMARA.. WHY U R KILLING ME, I CANT BREATHE HELP
Yeah, I tried that last semester too, & am def not doing that again. I was thinking of doing all classes combined in one...
Call Me Maybe Katy PERRY? :O
caine thank you for the message today. We could have listened to you for hours
Third eye blind
Definitely not an expert. But, what kind of beer do you prefer?
Any way you can contact someone at the Mag about me getting a replacement issue for a magazine? Got a soaked one today.
are you a creepy fish hanging on my wall that sings to me when i walk past it
Colorado Bounds!
I don't like monopoly Money though
how was dinner?
Morning Yoga in Puerto Rico was AWESOME! LPU Breakthrough VII just keeps rollin on!
A black women and a perm >>> my weaknes ha
class? Hmm dunno bout that. They are having whoopie Goldberg perform at the resort from what the billboards tell me.
hey alex, how was your day?(:
Thanks for RT. Have a great weekend. :)
congrats with the live performance.. Let us know if you need a production team to record it for you.
Continue the conversations from #bethedream at chapter meetings...the community...with advisors...
Work got cancelled which means I could of gone to the eop dinner ... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Guten Morgen Thanks for following our twinning tweets!
oh crap, I think its the 31st???? Maybe, or the 29th
Going to Seattle tomorrow. Suggestions for things to do?
nawhhhhh not yet, i'm in no rush :) are you 16 yet?
i've been gone all day & am finally about to cuddle up with bunny and watch it. ready for some tsoukalos.
#WeAllGotThatOneFriend that hates
haha starting a week long assist gig Monday...maybe after that!
: Uhm no clue! There will always be a spot for u so dont u worry!
lmaoo let's get you over here, ima call you in a bit
“: This just in.. If they took the word 'amazing' out of the MTV awards it would be only 9 minutes long.”
The Lincoln HID Bulbs actually offer a very concentrated light that goes to very long distances
"You are not alone - I am here with you. Though we're far apart, you're always in my heart." ::michael jackson::you are not alone::
All I know is that a shooting investigation is underway NEAR the middle school
glad to see you back! Missed ua!
I totally hit report spam on you. So you got blocked/removed. Hah!
This Pisses Me Off not seeing in person :(
Clearly Buck and Aikman can't recognize the knee was down first.
Hey, beautiful!! Are you gonna be my fave actress on the Twitterverse now? YAY! (Let's see if others fight for that spot) ;)
Is it me or has Kobe been dealt the black hand on MVP awards... I can name 3 other times he shoulda won it
I wanna see that excellent forecheck
he is great! We need to bring myrtle beach to
Registration is open & people R signing up 4 #Edcampss. don't miss out on a chance 2 meet & listen 2 in Philly 3/24!
Hm, today is not my day
i want a lollipop now :(
If eye-rolling burned calories, women would never have to diet
#CaryHoffman is "Dead on." -
best day of my life today met today, she is so beutifal and so talented!!!
I'll check it out. Thanks man.
All you have to say is Hairbangers Ball and Nat's in. See you at
Looking forward to tweets from . Thanks for your follow
hi liam, how are you? :) x
CSW pulled some strings to get you guys a few more follows. You're welcome.
thanks, how you been?
You're welcome! Keep on keepin' on!
Merry Christmas and bless :-)
Eddie likes me and i like Eddie.. ugh he is sweet and freaking sexy but Andrew found out that i like him and he is pissed off.. ugh idk? :-/
Dedicating my Twitter to Sunday's #Oscars follow me as I will be reporting to #ERedCarpet and #bestdressed on #ABC7 , follow me to join us.
Besides me.... #Who Up
Just watched movie gun,now watching the devil inside
oh, yeah i do. :) sorry i never dm'd you. i can't on my phone. :|
haha hope you had a good new year!
Not gonna lie, if the Lakers are playing at the top of their game for the rest of the playoffs, they will not lose.
who knew had such a good selection of vintage brass uniform buttons? then again, what don't they have?
shout house and NO falling off pianos?? Blasphemy.
Thanks Boo
~laughs~ (all ya friends hate you) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
heck yes....that is one awesome dude
Tomorrow I'm going to a party :)
Great point MT #Vandy had been recruiting Sheldon Jeter longer than any of his finalists. Just couldn't offer until recently.
then pass the dang ball
"madonna looks a little stiff." : "girl's arthritic, give her a break."
watching episodes of prison break on to season 2 ...its getting so good and juicy!
#RT for a
Dairy Queen
Ryan Braun still = cheater
it wont working please follow me :D
~ u r gr8. Once i have a budget ur hired for press, pr, networking & just plain ole good vibes!! :-)
How many of you also enjoy watching CELEBRITY APPRENTICE, and DANCING WITH THE STARS? They fuss too much on the first tv show. I watch it.
Black Veil Brides music is helping me through everything right now.
Load it up with cream cheese. My absolute favorite. Where do you get them? Havent had one in years.
"The only person you should ever compare yourself to is the person you used to be."
Think you might have opinions about my last blog post.
Happy holidays!!
Aww thank you! Yes slides will be on the Boston SEO site soon! Sorry for the delay!
i fucking love so much im gonna bake him all the cookies in the world hahahah
haha you know I'm looking for all the gorgeous plastic surgeons !
Ughh,school today :(
Way to Go! RT : B&N, & You are STARS in our eyes. With your support, 615 local kids have brighter futures
Episode 2 of airs this Wednesday!!! Don't miss my guest appearance as Rosie & the VERY talented Angie Light as my girlfriend!
On set with & ! (Live-streaming today at 11am, Level 3 Members tune-in!)
Saturday night and I'm in my pj's at 730. Davenport club: assemble!
Good grief, that's beautiful!
Anyone have any experience with the Kodak Playsport camera?
RT : Morton: my job is getting people excited about evil.
Bobble Headed Bitties. That was just said. Lmao
Laurie Anderson talked about being a NASA artist-in-residence at her #SVA commencement speech, followed w/ performance on "pillow speaker"
#DontTextMeWhen your girlfriend just broke up with you
Happy #2012, everyone! Here's to the start of a great #newyear!
How about 85 degrees in the office and phone has been out for 2 days?
RT : Trying to find the "black box" .... RT : Ashton Kutcher, snack commercials, and why brownface persists in Amer…
Look here , you're not gay you're confused. Theres no way in hell you 12 , walking around talking about you gay !
Scrape me off the gym floor
I loved that movie!!!! while watching the movie, i believe there was something in my eyes...they kept watering for some reason
thanks San Patricio!
nothing like waking up to the sound of like 50 crows...
haha. hell ya! o, nd david asked me out again.... nd got rejected again
Not liking these chores
He said it in an interview, you didn't know? lol
at work douchers
#NYE in #Vegas #BodyEnglish. Fantastic line-up & Dance Diva
I think I need a physical timer to track my hours. Digital tools don't seem to be sticking for me.
who do we play?
"... Then they go and make the same mistake." ::cough cough:: Don
Thanks so much! Hope you got lots of good contacts today. Let us know if we can help with anything
#Nowwatching Mike Snow
Class warfare is an inevitable by product of a system that offers huge incentives for ruthless greed & callous disregard for suffering.
I took a look at Muckrack and agree. I had planned on something like that, but the first version might be a bit clunky/basic.
If your family or your mate can buy into your diet that will be your most powerful tool!
I named by teddy bear after is name is Trigga Bear...!!!
In honor of National Wear Red Day - we're going on a Red Light Sale! Big announcement at noon - get ready to stay with Glenn this weekend!
I miss my little guy
i wrote liz taylor
omg HAPPY BIRTHDAY :) .. How old are you gonna be?
Sad how chris brown set back his image tenfold by allowing his Rihanna anger rage to surface again. As a PR stunt it worked but bad kharma
the film about bob marley is unreal.
sunday and im hungover... going to wendys
That would be strange if the Dolphins tried to drink an entire city in central Illinois
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 244
On that note ... time for a beer outside.
Haha! RT": i absolutely love drunk amanda."
That survey is closed.
you have a white egg as your photo I do not trust you hacker !!!!
I think they eat for free so why not? Lol
thanks for the follow!
I have a new Siamese Kitten -- is he FAST! Whatever mischief he gets into, he does it FAST-and he is so cute, but rules are rules:Cat Rules!
Sim-wise as the phoenix was top notch
buy me something expensive...
If I get 400 followers tonight I'll pick 7 lucky people and DM a message to AUSTIN MAHONE to follow them. What you say??
I need 1 more follower to be at 200. Not bad for someone who never tweets.
I'm flying back today. Don't make this worse...
congratulation on your 13 pd lost.
HappyBirthday :) God Bless you have a great day .....
Whaaaaa? That is crazy talk.
I am so bored
In such a competitive world, if you remain the same you're only getting worst!
taking the girls to the pool
I don’t pay good wages because I have a lot of money; I have a lot of money because I pay good wages. – Robert Bosch
Why hello, -- thanks for following me back. You are my most favorite publication!
Shout out to my newest followers!
especially hangovers
I <3 Philip Philips!!!
Guess I won't talk to you.
And our favorite person of the day award goes to.... for being amazing! Everyone download her music on iTunes!
Or they do not want to take the time to learn!
Social seeker here!
Thanks, we are too! Reg's are pouring in this week! RE: Registered for the conference. Super excited!
Me, too. So completely unexpected. And he loves it.
Miss you Liz! Hope you're having a great #plantech!
“: Happy Sunday lovelies! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>” weird.
Mr Bigshot in the building...(Words 4rm Mr Production "The Guy" A Man After Gods Own Heart)!!!
I'm seeing TFF Art Awards Exhibition at Tribeca Film Festival.
Thanks. Keep it up. Cant be there...so be twitter connection ;) lots of pics!
Follow all of us for the whole story. Also check out www.ict2dc.com where our tweets are posted with blogs & pix.
Have fun man!
Bring your friends out & come see my magic @ The Raccoon Lodge in SW Portland tonight, 7-9pm. Call ahead for reservations.
Mastering a single today for soon-to-be Country star Candy Coburn. Also, working on some client website updates. More video work today to.
Don't forget to vote on May 15. I'm # 6 on the ballot.
Red Hot Chili Peppers are ripping the roof off of the Troubadour!! I am one lucky guy!!! Holy shit!!!!
Sometimes I just eat the leftovers from dinner rather than putting them away.
Great #Workout today! #Boxing makes your core #Strong! DO what you enjoy doing! btw... BOXING is #FUN for #GIRLS! Its all about #abs & arms!
We don't need boys we have cake
is a fucking rip-off!
Walked in right in time for <U+263A><U+263A><U+263A>
Tooth Decay is the 2nd most common disease in the U.S. after the common cold.
riton is playing tonight. It's French house music!
Just learned a new cover last night. I'll give you a couple hints- gunpowder, gelatine? It's guaranteed to blow your mind.
THX.Took a lot of guts to not just show up, but to say "I wish you the best". My admiration for the man just doubled.
My channel won't work :-(
one way is : don't watch it. Low ratings = cancellation.
We are the sultans of swing...
it sounds like you have your priorities spot on :)
I would look weird tan.
On my way to work aka killing myself.
well said RT: : Great game you made us proud. This team did alot and has alot to look forward to next season.
Sorry for your loss.
'And I'm rapping on the beat they was supposed to buy / I guess I'm getting high off my own supply' I wish Dre would do this more often.
I miss you to. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> I'm probably (maybe) gonna go see the avengers again this weekend with my mom. You down to go?
5 days until the end of my semi pro career
I know you saw my request.
they transfer to Facebook. I don't do Facebook
Then there is undercutting eyewitness accounts of destruction w/ expert opinions from across the country.
I have my Civil Liberties unit all figured out, and it goes until May 24th(ish). Wow. Roughly have my Deliquency unit figured out for Soc 2.
roald hoffman is god
looks like a pretty cool Twitter tool... hey that rhymes! We're going to have to check this out more in depth.
I'm with you, we are great without him
I'll come see you! I've got to start Xmas shopping somewhere!
Lets go see if I still have a job.
Likely the Giants and bettors are lol at Belechiks questionable list. #seenthat & what losers wants to watch one check in a hotel?
I shouldn't say that. You're the expert. I'll leave that to your expertise.
I can't wait to go home next week.
Only seeing the positive, all you negative people, find someone else to bug. I dont need or want you around
I need a job doe!
That's what I thought!
I'm digging the sexy new pic
Coffee/sanity break w/1 of my closest friends Thurs. Life doesn't get any better.
I know you love it
Murder of lefty ruled a suicide, but wound on right side. "Total lefty. He couldn't even tie his SHOES with his right hand." Well, who can?
Thanks for the follow, have a great day!!
Tell your Beautiful Mom that I say Happy Mothers Day (:
We make our fortunes and call them fate.
Google+ Photos: If ur uploading content, be aware of album visibility and re-sharing. Protect your copyright.
When a woman shows her loyalty
2stay @ home and not vote is a slap in the face of Fannie Lou & the 3 college students slain & all who died including Christ
Raeburn - information advantage is gained through identification of patterns that are relevant to your business
Are you sure you weren't at the Oasis (strip) bar just hearing music?
good one!
Ok! I didn't think so, but I was just checking b/c I have a pretty hectic schedule this week.
im watching all your keeks while home sick<3 5
RT .U can curse me if u like! I won't mind..lol.I just love u Dr Burke (via )
Yeah buddy, got that grade fixed. Added another A! God is good! Good Morning Twitter! Hope you all have a great day! Things are looking up
you deserve it honey :)
Also, dear London friends, I am so very sorry about Boris.
Burns for first goal!
You gotta let me know. Should I stay or should I go?
you're to scared to even do it so I won already :)
Cool fact: Leap day doesn't happen every 4 years. On a span of 400 years, there are only 97 leap days, not 100.
Of course!!
okk sounds good! your going to laugh when you see it!(:
definitely! That's awesome
"I like girls who eat carrots." -Louis
[WATCH]: Phonology – The Phoneme I
there are so many ways to finish that sentence, wish we coulda heard it lol
Awesome! MT : I realize that at #RIT has prepared me to take on anything at my new job next year.
Welcome to Gonzaga, the home of the Bulldogs !!! Can't wait to watch u play next year!
in sweaters >>>
I'm going to stop babbling now...
we gone fight lol
yes they need 2 go soon! rt @ osumom09 some one need to take off.
yea pretty much bro. LOL
(323):I knew her barely 30 minutes before we got naked. This whole fraternity thing is starting to grow on me...
MT Win clinches Atlantic Division for FSU for 6th year in a row & guarantees the #Noles no lower than # 2 seed in ACC Tourney
was just about to tweet at you about this!! so excited!
Would love to talk to you about training some of your baseball athletes. Ex D1 player, coach, and now CSCS.
way to stand up for what's right
just posted to #facebook that he will be a #packer for life! #GOPACKGO Should be
First public GEAR Con meeting is 7pm tonight at 4075 NE Sandy Blvd for panelists, volunteers, & the curious.
I swear people just try to make themselves look unattractive...
Watching Judge Joe Brown with Viggle Mon | 10AM | FOX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Writing treatments.
trying to figure out this whole twitter thing.
lol... I don't think so... He said he doesn't know... Cus shr always run to him when things go bad
summer coming up #don"tjudgeme lmmfao
just watched (more like listened to) your Kanye tribute #mix... Good shit!
Have a great weekend everyone!
That trailer to your movie,'BOOM" is great!
longest it's ever been! Idk how you girls do it!
I'm an old busted bitch but i'm definitely wild and free....fuck with me childs @
gets the gold star for tweeting more. What's going on with your anchor bud ?
Lebron James should get an Oscar from the Academy Awards for his flops in the 1st half. Give one to the refs too for best supporting cast
yay, I love our coffee dates.
messy hoes these days really doe
That awkward Moment when you are talking about the teacher with ur friend in class and suddenlly the teacher asks "What are u talking about"
We officially have our very First West Coast prospect who found us organically on Google
way to throw off the studio with a solid robot name. has no retort!
not yet. tyler's punk'd episode is on tonight!! we're all giddy.
Poor Megan: the Bettification begins!
Seeing The Great Escape (1963) at Grauman's Egyptian.
Tieland is pretty cool!
Yeah, please tell me why the is so awesome. Just added to my reading list now.
Last time i checked the whole Sevier County area isn't a ghetto area. So why don't you pull up your shorts and quit with your "swag"
They say time is money, but we'll spend it together.
please record a new cd with Lady Phoenix with Melissa and Diana. Melissa would love to have u she said!!! :)
who Shot Ya is tight! But this 1 Brooklyn's Finest with Jay Z still sounds soo good as well. Hip Hop lost so much wit out BIG
jamming to ya all da way form Chicago mad love to hot 97
that is gonna be great. i am sure it will b a great show.
I dont have a type, it's simple, if I like you, I like you
were did u. Get the sperm tacoz from
#NowWithAlex Very obvious David is a Republican! Always a negative nelly! Shut up and stick to moderating, fairly
I don't think I can wait till the 29th, so can I get an advance copy, haha, or a re-tweet:-)
imma need a moment cause moments last forever.
Wow he blocked me for that, clearly a joke based on one of his earlier RTs
Haha, he's not a crack head. Just a senile old man. Ha.
Text me. #MovieTime. Night night bitches.
Be 18, graduated, and have no kids? CHALLENGE ACCEPTED.
yeah, my draw something's are rarely straight forward.
wouldn't feed the animals that.
. it was Yogi's
get your frat on and hit Stagecoach
When you get to Bike Night, don't forget to check in! Foursquare or Facebook places.
The #140Cuse conference is about to hit 8000 views on the live stream.
If I had a dollar for every pet picture link I opened up and didn't wanna see in just this one year alone...
a song called '' you block me on facebook now u r going to die'' is so funny XD
Empty restaurants depress me as much as Charlie Brown's Christmas tree...
You can do something in an instant that will give you heartache for life.
Just had my first farmhouse summer ale of the season. What a
Did ya see that lmaoooo
RT : Barns & noble just inform me that my book I order is in all smiles .... shut up!
Trying to rejoin twitter-world after a month-long hiatus. New job is going well but haven't had any free time!
Thanks for the RT's!
Hi Eric - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
is Brian Solis #gnomedex keynote video posted yet?
I <U+2665> nights with nothing to do and this time I dance on my dance pad users to break records.
my department is one of two to not take any hits. But I miss storytime.
that's my baby. <3 love him so much.
your welcome :D
rise n shine, bout to go to myfriends church for the first time finally.....hope i have fun....DUH
Hey if i were to tweet about the rally, what hashtag would i use?
No I wasn't part of that, but should be down there. My next event is in June.
Fuck ya!!! Shots on Friday night!!!!
Biofrontera and Allergan sign marketing and distribution agreement for Ameluz® in Spain
Guess I'm in the house for tonight
Tell all those other boys I've fallen (:
I love havin you next to me
We added a clients twitter account to our HootSuite but it is owned by someone they don't know. How do we get access? Thx!
I know it's hilarious <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
LOVE YOU
you just named the perfect next candidate.
yeah me too lol
Loving the new show #2BrokeGirls ! Great 1st episode! :D
Happy International Red Cross and Red Crescent Day!
Sanchez gets extension making him 7th highest paid QB in the league
Forgive everything, everyone, practice forgiveness. I know it hard but it makes you stronger
HE is too SEXY for Twitter (:
let's hope he got busy with jasmine or Caitlyn. Lmao no he was like 6 when he was with them
We directed and produced a music video today... That was unexpected!
Ever go somewhere & witness a jerk & "their kid" causing a loud screaming threatening scene over a bubble gum machine or trinket dispenser?
Nashville trench lawyer menu. DUI bench trial is on tap. Just revisited the scene.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action. ~ Tony Robbins
Easy. You obviously don't understand who I'm married to. Plus, I'm a pretty decent chef myself.
RT : "If you do the Believing, He will do the Achieving."- #sunstandstill I'm Beleiving God today 4 His Perfect Plan!
Nice job by Fox to pay tribute to MCA during fight night.
Ephemeral ecstasy
realy?!? "The actions taken by the city schools should be considered investments in the future of Baltimore and its citizens."
Preparing for 's NBC4 segment and checking out the Washington Ballet's Alice in Wonderland costumes. Beautiful!
oh, btw, we will be located at booth 1M32, Hall 1. Don't miss us!!!
Ahh lucky I haven't even started :/
« west memphis aint shit but cant never forget where u come from.»
I LOVE MY JOB SOO MUCH!!!!
Brown Girl Magazine » Blog Archive » Masala Dosa with the Mosta ...
THANK YOU.
All you need is ignorance and confidence; then achievement is sure.
my face hurts.
Being around a guy you like and being shy for the first time
Indeed curation is much more than aggregation.
Great #FashionShow2012 rehearsal last night with , the girls are strong, confident and so supportive of each other
#linsanity reigns supreme!!
“: Always great to see The Great music, even better dudes.” thanks for coming out! Great seeing you!
If your friends are lost in the woods, you need to know where they are before giving directions.
IF IM NOT FOLLOWING YOU..JUST ASK AND I WILL (:
i get what you get in ten years, in two days.
. Pacers tickets bought on StubHub for $2. Holy Cow!!!
I meant "new" positions not "news" positions. But maybe it fits either way. *sigh*
September! I miss YOU. Can't wait to be in the same city. Also I'm gonna need your expertise on how to find an apt.
hahaha good talkin to kevin today! i missed his ass(:
Is your favorite musician as a kid still one of your favorites today?
Cash for #College Family Night tonight @ LA Convention Center, spread the word to youth in need! 5:30-9pm, workshops in English and Spanish
Thanks so much for the RT!!
Thanks! Thanks! Thanks! Thanks! Thanks!
Vitamins linked with higher death risk in older women
Rangers-Devils in the Eastern Conference Finals? Even as a hockey fan, that will be painful to watch...
How the #YTB Ganovia Coffee Program stands head and shoulders above all others, & the new travel program? Can you say "They told me so?"
And you better read this time too!
OMG, my fave exercise web site, , is gone. I am devastated.
So wats up don't let the Heat fool yall niggaz
Im moving to Los Angeles. The countdown begins. Thanks for everything
chalkys closing really screwed us
Is it just me, or have people been especially weird lately? Something's in the air lately...
I'd like to clarify that is alive, and not at the bottom of Danger Cliff
felt led to pray for you today, praying.
Aw. I enjoyed it.
Many congrats! Huzzah!
I try! :)) You got any special plans for this summer!?
“: S/o to my new followers :) ” Thanks for the mention!
The Giants will get to meet Obama at the White House, while the Patriots will get to meet Newt Gingrich at the Waffle House
A. Keys and Bruno Mars got the same hair due..
The wall from my room >>>
It means u "In Love" lol RT : I smile real big every time he calls me...what that mean?? Hm *ponders*
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. ~Jim Rohn
watching all the new interview videos with the boyz, has seriously cheered me up so much.
So I hear Ur "dating" Drake ;-) Very nice *Borat voice*
so much great discussion everyday on the #eecms hashtag, wish we can dedicate a full-time person to focus only on the thread and offer help
My childhood team (dodgers) against my current love the Nationals. Great matchup.
Tonight & Present: ! Best House Music Night in LA!
oh Ok...that sounds fun..lol
. if Apple supported open web standards (webkit), does it follow that they should support open UI standards?
Caguioa May Miss Semifinal Series
That is cute, I used to love making those!
whatever. You can be mad at me if you want. I dont fucking care anymore. I hope I die.
Thank you for breaking my heart
In this town? Someone is always watching you. ;-}
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy Justin Bieber was "One Time." <U+2665>
all can be had very late in drafts... Aybar was 20th rounder in recent mock and could give $20 in value...
No lie
See an awesome & terrifying speaker moment when the presenter's totally out of sync with the slides. Lightning Talks #stc12 Not naming names
Happy Bday to my mom :D LOVE YOU <3 :*
RT #OFPP says more & more agencies are communicating during Pre-RFP & using online tools
Symphony Crack is in the building
Now everyone thinks and I are twins lmfao
BOYY you have no respect!
Follow me,I'm following u
Last day of school...it'll be rough lol
Hello Ben Brust!!!
After you guys win the Cup whats the first room in your new crib Fine Renovations is going to redo?
Dan Girardi help the ranger shot to give them a 1-0 score in MSG
what a day, what a day. so glad it's the last day of this work week.
Love the weather today!
The Duggar Family should all move on an island and Rick Santorum should be their king.
are you enjoying the beautiful spring weather? We sure are! Come out and visit us to find the perfect spring dress or shoes!
How are you on duck prosciutto?
of course. Thanks for all of the great, shareable info, as always!
thank you. :)
The Vikings took an offensive lineman at # 4 overall. Why do teams waste high picks on human shields??
I've been slowly coming to a scary realization the past few days.
Help! Does anyone know how to score Vermunt's Inventory of Learning Styles? The scoring key doesn't explain how to determine styles.
glad to meet you in Georgetown Rocky, hope your week goes well.
hey sorry I completely forgot!! My number is 3176901388
One of my #100thingsilove is All Time Low because they never fail at making me smile <U+2665>
is working on plans for the Internship Opportunity Fund's Dancing with the Heinz College Stars 3.25.11. Come one, come all!
Headed to Spring, TX to pick up a dumpster. Need us to pick up any of your trash? Give us a call: 713-464-9200
at the gym for a light workout now, audition later then... Who knows.
i miss my granny!
Yes, very sad about Whitney...
thanks for the RT... you make a good point
lol you already know:) ah he's so underrated!
gets 5 game suspension. Same old story
The tonight show with Conan O'Brien was just nominated for an Emmy. Leno was not. Good call, NBC.
oh happy birthday!
WOOT! Real World PR Conference, here I come! Excited!!
So sick.
tomorrow in the jungle...#Scarface the sequel!! Love it...er...Live it
You Can't Lie Your Way Out Of This One.
Its when I start too Add presure ever thing Goes Wrong lol my standerds are bye far way too high...... shitt ShaRonica
woo! AMEN to that sista!!! except mine would be "17 and 18" hehe
Morning time before finals test at the gym hoping to have an impressive morning
Time to turn to polyphasic sleep RT : Running on 2 hrs sleep, but the #d3 presentations are keeping me wide awake.
"Steven A. Smith said Jeremy Lin should play in Game 5, therefore, he should." Said, no one. Smith will be the 1st person cont.
I totally agree with you if you can't laugh at yourself you can't laugh at anything love ya Sonja.
Wow! Shutting it down finally.Went to church, then DC for a rehearsal for a live cd taping then to my studio to work on a track. GOD is luv
“: Shoutout To My New Followers - cheers guys ”thanks buddy!
AUSTIN R U NERVOUS!!?? IK EVERYTHING IS GOING TO BE GREAT!!! <33
Surprise Mom with a stretch from Step Ahead and see her smile! Actions speak louder than words. A stretch goes a long way to say I Love You
I missed 11:11. Oh well I'll just wait 100 years
Agreed RT : DIS DUDE DEZ SOUND LIKE A FLUFFY PIECE OF POUNDCAKE! MAYWEATHER IS A DEFINITE BRO!
The Valentines Day Bat Giveaway winner has been emailed but has not yet responded. Make sure you check your spam or junk folder!
Being called weird is like being called the limited edition. Meaning you're something people don't see that often. Remember that.
Vacation day 3: complete! , Wild Turkey, & - mission accomplished!
I don't act like I'm better than people cuz I'm not but I do love me :)
Playing a solo set tonight at USD at 8PM! Stop by the SLP if you're around!
I know a few things about WordPress...it's a pretty amazing platform :)
#procrastinating is one of my biggest weaknesses :/
you're icon ajfnhjrgrhg justin is too hot.
Beach Boys at the #GrammyAwards! They were my first concert. :)
GOD MORNING!!! Today is my birthday! I bought a truck on Wednesday. Today is a great day!
Saturday morning, enjoying some nice Atlanta gospel 45s purchased yesterday. Thanks for helping me feed the addiction!
RT : Do your friends follow ? Let them know they should. We're going to be posting regularly with news about SAPL.
Yea and fast speech RT : that and facial expressions...nervous twitches...sporadic hand movements
love the music! it was nice meeting you guys today
anyone but Kentucky plz
Thanks!! I definitely want to get into the Ross School of Business at UM but it will take alot of hard work and dedication!
..i thought id ever see them was by going to the UK and seeing them there. ive known about them and supported them ever since x factor (c)
I gottah pee so bad
Heading to an end of year grad party at AU. Should be fun.
Others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails
hi ! haha sorry my twitter has been buggin out, what up :)?
I caught the mother of all spiders in the lunch room this am. Bigger than my fist
That would be awesome! Too many acorns in back yard already, especially near the pool ladder!
So yeah, I've decided that will probably be my new twitter handle
: wanna come get you gift right now? EARLY!
Wednesday interview is up! M. Wilson Stoker talks about being a legal trailblazer in Austin, TX
No decision yet on bail for Catherine Greg, as we learn more about her life on the run with Whitey Bulger. More at 6:00 on
TOUCHDOWN BADGERS!
Time for the #Spurs to defuse the Rockets! Unite #Spurs fans.
Thanks :) It will be fun to be back on the scene!
Just got home from work and now I'm off the next two days lol
RT : RT : Speech was more of a Clintonesque laundry list than a single, sustained argument or narrative.
Eating Vanilla ice cream with orange juice in it
Giving thanks to all the amazing women working tirelessly to protect children everywhere.
And OMG go see as it is UhMazing....
Sam you're making me very jealous.
Time to get ready for church(: then going to the beach & having a bbq with the family(: Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers (: Love You Mom
Got my ring on for the first time in over a year... it's like getting engaged all over again!!
I,want to sit on the roof
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
My guides for love are Jesus and his mother and close friends, and Paul - Jewish mystics. Folks read with own perspectives.
you're so cute. I listen too city girl all the time. lol. nene actually goes too my school. aha. but thanks for the follow (:
Range Rovers should have a generator built in, we're paying for one!!!
any time girl!
nope. You are already entered. :)
did u get more fol
or is that media drinking?
I made Presidents Honor Roll during 2010 fall semester & I graduate Spring 2011 with a GPA 3.818 "A"!
I want to eat mac n cheese all day everyday
Nw one for the money
Between the city of chicago fees, airline tickets & cell phone companies, I just wanna scream!
thats good.... when will you been in Atl
Haha oh man. Tell her i'll leave her my car. And i will submit to a driving exam. And ok we will kill him on the way
No Pause For The Cause Taking Over OZ/W/Out Dorothy & The Yellow Brick Road Kangaroos & Koalas Marcupial Mode
one more day won't hurt. Lol.....coming from Queen Procrastination.
lmao!!!! That made me freaking laugh
i kno u been hear by someone else....if u let me....i'll take care of you...<3 ^__^
Yeah, in Stars, he goes off to the US for his first year of Harvard.
I was just listening to our song. Distance makes the heart grow fonder. Right?
have you spoken to em julian from bespoke greetings yet?
I didn't realize how much I missed talking to you.
Working the booksale, and find I need to get use to noise since we don't really have that in the library...
how bout taylor swift or justin bieber
Why is 's "The Drug" so good? At least, it's good working music for me right now.
Hey! Someone I finally agree with from my Philosophy book
Too bad, one of my docs has had some success with it ... but then your insomnia doesn't seem chronic
THIS CHICK UGLY AS A POLICE $KETCH! LOL
Your source for Unfinished Brazilian Hardwood Flooring * Decking * Lumber
In my world everyone eats rainbows and poops butterflies... -Dr. Seuss
I'll give you an 'A' for effort, but an 'A+' cuz you called me cute.
sorry vic I am tired...cut me some slack...
My 20 year old assistant is showing all kinds of ways I can waste time on my new sm toy, "Look Lark you can tweet an owl, so CUTE!"
I just finished a 3.01 mi run with a time of 26:35 with Nike+ GPS.
Point 8 event in nola this eve.
People really don't care what we give they watch how we live
We'd love to host you and Slick Willie for the day!
Uh we just had an earthquake in #dc....not cool
I'm there.
These ratchet ass bitches in Walmart.. smh.
Build a rapport with Imagination, keep it 100 with Reality ~Ashley Rosendo. Foreal tho when one has time, watch this from the gate.
yea it's cool....hot as hell.. How did u like Miami?
#FelizPrimavera! Happy Spring to our friends in the Southern Hemisphere!
Busbys right now.
YEAH! RT If there's a roller derby league in your city, you should totally go see it live. Unless you hate things that are awesome.
“To have great poets, there must be great audiences.” <U+2015> Walt Whitman
NYC trains are always late.that's y I have my car.
i believe you man
"Sunsetting Economic Regs". JPM: "Thanks" Grandmas 401k: Sorry granny, private sector is self-regulating.
We want Deron Williams in Portland! Just do it!
Old Arab men hike differently than the rest of us.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms in the world and on Twitter :)
The Nashville Predators............the Phoenix Coyotes..............The Bankrupt Series..........catch it before they go up for auction
hard to say that here...since I'm still watching here in South Korea...we have H50 Tuesday...the hangover will be Wednesday for us
That name is on point... Bro my fb tweaking lbs
I slapped them for not answering your email...
I finally figured out what classes I'm taking. Best part about it is my job is payin for it lol
My stomachs in nots. I can't focus, I just wish it was Friday all ready #nervous!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Me too! i need a tan for my BFAW!
Yeah, they definately are! (:
HEADSHOT TIP: You shouldn't wear tons of makeup to an audition, so don't do it in your headshots!
Most parfaits I'm guessing RT : McDonald's serves roughly 8.9% of the US population every day.
ok I follow thanks for telling me
It was a mess. But so well built that we figured it was worth the investment.
Oh. I had said "no wonder".
I've tried, it won't let me :D
Hey followers. Have you ever dealt with the Tasty Bite company. Be advised, they do not return phone calls.
Lol so get one
Ha! You finally make it to the Left Coast, and I'm going to be on the Right. When in June?
blahbahahah. so excited for my trip to IOWA :) (: can't sleep <3
I just moved about 1000 lbs of cement, hope my neighbor pays me back in beer
Says thank God for spring break!
...and I just stabbed myself with the thumbtack I've been playing with for the last three hours. Time to put that down.
lol think its just all talk huh???
I havent got to listen to 's new song cause im stuck in the hospital for day )': but I bet its amazing just like he is, love u
It would seriously blow my mind if seriously replied back to me! Keeping fingers and toes crossed!!! :X
when i click the link it brings me to a picture, is that yours ?
1.3 million people talking about us in India =)
Someone please tell me last night wasn't real? That Game 6 is still on it way?
No one laughs at God in a hospital. No ones laughing at God in a war.
There is an Manic Panic store in LA where you can make an order!
excellent point. as long as their api and data are valuable, users (slightly) decrease in importance
We like to think so! ;-)
heard from a good source some are wearing shower caps, etc. Not cool.
My teenage daughter is having a "teen moment". I'm about to have a "YOU BETTER GET SOME 'ACT RIGHT' IN YOU" moment. #mommadontplaydat !
With the things going on in the world does the idea of making your own electricity seem like an investment requiring your attention?
Chris Jones is going to blow minds tonight on !!
Your turn is coming! MT : I remember back at NICAR '09, I taught about XPDF. Now he's a #Pulitzer Prize winner!
need a place for a banquet after your concert??
Foollow me ? <U+2665> thanks (:
Lankan workers brought to Saudi from Kuwait illegally - Sunday Times.lk
Finally beat the campaign mode in Call of Duty: World at War
Wouldn't a hat trick to win it be nice? Go
ugh im so bored
i've been working with people to reach an agreement.
Too focused
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in everyday .....---
Getting there - ONLY 5 more "Likes" to go......(for a humble beginning ;-) Please feel free to ask friends. Love you. Thanks! <U+2665>
Amazing female talent at the Grammys tonight.
MT: is an anti-bullying champion, thanks Dwight for all you do!
Regardless of what you read and hear today, as of right now the BigXII has it's aim on Louisville & FSU. I promise. Chatting w/others too.
Good morning cruel world
looks like Romney surrendered to - but would you expect Romney to admit he takes orders from religious right?
Was it ironic that played ads over jesse j? It's not about the money? really?
I am having the roughest day right now.
my new Arizona driver's license expires in 2041
allies at six flags right now! where are you?
#Bride of The Killer Nerr II :Tom:
in serious need of a chiropractor right now !!!!! D:
the big money is made, then taking by Democrats with Higher Taxes.. vote for Conservatives if you want to keep more of your $$$
Yep, anyways what music you working on.
I wish I knew spanish so I can go fuck with some Spanish chicks.
Know today that,You don't walk alone.You don't fight alone.You & we don't do things in our own strength,but with God's.God Bless!
aw thank you soo much brittany!!!!
Dear #archivists, I think I have my first phone interview. Any advice?
OMG GLEE FOR 2 HOURS. YES YES YES YES YES.
you wanna be high for this
:( If I could trade places with you I would do it in a heartbeat.
I'm at the corner of 2nd and Market. I have a cramp in my calf. Send help. LOL
A smile can mean a thousand words, but it can also hide a thousand problems.
and - Thanks for following, y'all!
Yes! Go Rachel and Dave!
dammit It wouldn't have fit! Ok here. Thank you for helping me correct the spelling error in my last tweet.
Let's face it, we've all had our share of drama.
And this! MT : Colbert just announced Texans for a Better Tomorrow, Tomorrow PAC after a UT-Austin student emailed w/ the idea
Pikes mkt seattle. Chinese uhru player smoked salmon edamame salad bay view sail boats overcast.
Our season is slowly coming to a close! :( Just a few more weddings and then we will see you all next year!
Tancred~ Everything comes if a man will only wait.
people will wander in and out. Happiness bar shifts will be 1 hr-ish.
Feeling kinda blue.
Empty? Can you say the same for South Side?
My hairdresser is seriously AMAZING. I'm ridiculously spoiled.
mad at the world!
Im like the worst boyfriend in the world
Have a Good Evening....Spread Love!
TwinCitiesHappyHourDeal.com is launching soon with the best restaurant, bar, sports, theater and entertainment deals in the Twin Cities.
Can't sleep, so I'm finding all kinds of fun swing & dixieland piano music to buy later on SheetMusicPlus.com. New playing style 4 me!
Does anyone else accidentally call Rogan Josh chicken "Seth Rogan chicken" in their heads? Just me, then?
Refreshing - / Newark NJ is a politician that gets Twitter. He doesn't have all the answrs, but his team is trying.
SHU is a lock!
That's gave....lol
Tomorrow is the last Day for Restaurant Week....Thank you for another Successful Two Weeks!!
Young Folks
Not a thing wrong w/ that sir!!!
where at?
: it's true. It's been ingrained into me, pavlov's dog style. Thanks a lot.
Boarding zone 8? That's alot of zones
Alway's Follow your dream you will go along way in life at least if you fail you wont say i wish i did that a long time ago
Checking out episode 1 of "The Franchise: Miami Marlins" on doing his thing.
Seeing your friends at the mall and you both somehow agree not to say hi to each other.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter Most all y'all were gone, especially the celebs.
haha... I totally bought ruby slippers for this trip... I have to entertain myself somehow hahaha
Good luck at Cannes!
I'm wearing leggings as pants? What has this school done to me?
cool #heroku talk by , though we haven't gotten to yet
The 4 "C's" of boxing: Coachable, Concentration, Conditioning = Champion!
Sounds good man. I'll send you a friend request right now. My GT is the same as my twitter as well lol
love to dance & love to flirt.
wtf? He has not yet been charged? Sounds like a lot of inequality in Germany also!
Call time 8 am!!
Suddenly craving a soft pretzel. But a classic one...not one soaked in butter.
for #INFO #SUBMISSIONS you can also use
rise and shine
Don't forget the brie!!
Motorola Australia: Ice Cream Sandwich update for XOOM still ...
Atta girl! :D
200K pageviews! Hmm, a reason for giveaway?? Thank you all!
I'm obsessed w/ the ads on right now! Such a great idea! And Kevin Gillespie was my fave!
What day?
Preparing for a full day of multimedia training with our visiting high school students at #UJW2011 tomorrow.
My entire summer is going to be spent on the back of my boat enjoying life. No questions asked
our year of making/tinkering needs more circuit crafts!
yes at Pike Place Market :) its warm today, for once
nah thats called being a whore.
Gotta go back to work tomorrow. I don't wanna go.
Top 20 countdown (((:
I stay up till 12 cause i need to know if tommorow is coming
S/0 been fucking with the club for years!!
Casually crying my eyes out over the last episode of Buffy. Why am I so emotional!?
You suck! You are like the generic Adam Levine!
It was definitely a fun movie. But I wanted more. Was missing some emotional pull, and a few inconsistencies in script.
I couldn't resist the dig. who could?
oh hey sweet threads
Ken: I love you barbie. Barbie:... Ken:... Barbie:... Ken: You don't love me back? Barbie: HAVE YOU SEEN THE ONE DIRECTION DOLLS?!
can you say 80's do needs cut!
I'd buy that shit.
Would you like a rematch between Floyd and Cotto? It's the best fight that could be made. Pacquiao fight won't happen according to Floyd
#NBA season and NCAA bowl season is off to a good start, the #NHL Winter Classic was great & hello #NFL playoffs!
blessings always come back! Good for you!
Learning to play guitar
hahah, exactly. #SurvivalSunday RT : I love you mom, but I have to ignore you for the next two hours. My bad.
MU Stage 2 is going to be about standards, interoperability, and exchange. at
Not a grilled cheese fan but always up for
just chilling
Good song RT : generation lost -B.o.B classic track
hey get a night light ;)
He poops cinnamon rolls. ": Brad Pitt is so perfect. Do you guys think he even poops?"
Wait a second I can't listen to music and play draw something on my iPhone at the same time?!
that's good :-)
If my life was a dollar, you better believe I'll let you be a quarter in it.
What's good?
ok everyone i''m heading out now to watch the game. the place i have might not have net
We don't have much time left together...
Twitter: Where beliebers meet other beliebers!!
yay you were my 300th follower <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Any news on those upcoming gf beer options??
it been a wrap for my gin my nigga
Great game, great season
Hehe watching men in black. Why did you think little tiffany had to die
don't know who they are, but I'm still working on the "Hot Rain" so you can cum....I mean come! ;)
Floodgates were closed and water couldn't leave Broad Ripple. Wake up & get the parking garage approved. U need to act like a city
Whats everyone's plan for the weekend? Suns shining and its already almost 40 degrees out! Pretty nice for January
What up?
Xbox 360 & A Ninetendo Wii tonight!
guy who plays coach in mighty dux movites
thanks for following please share any content you enjoy :)
Lol I love stalking Austin & Alex's tweets.
I don't care so shut up -.-
I wake up to pee....then end up just staying awake. Darn it!
I brought some local kids to the park for a raw egg Easter egg hunt I set up. Funniest part: I left and they don't have rides home.
: (*laughs*) i was wondering what protocol for removing a cc: was, but since y'all kept including…deluge!
A sharp tongue sometimes cuts its own throat.- Jim Scancarelli
Of course you're in, that ? was to CU's, time for them to get on board
Ooh! I so want to watch that!! What's it about? ;)
I ate an entire large pizza last night and I am pretty sure I just shit the entire thing right out over the last 14 minutes
Happy wedding day to my lovely colleague/friend/social media mentor I hope it's the best of your life!
Sam did so good !
When told she'd been voted one of the 50 Most Beautiful Women in the World, Cate Blanchett said, "Oh, good. I can rest easy then."
That is so lame! Change networks :)
"If you want, you could have ones with lines, but that's really about as much as you can handle. Maybe graph lines. MAYBE."
oh mi gatos, I am so excited! I have not had all four of my children at my table at once since 2008 and they will all be here for my bday!
What are your fav healthy snacks? I'll rt you so everyone can share ideas :)
What are the Bucks doing?
Just had a delightful lunch with my daughter at Cafe NY NY, 4th grade fundraiser for
I think i would be the happiest person in the world if followed or retweeted me <3 (:
Off to practice!
The Heartland is good-- wknd anchorning now-- are you still at CVB? Say hi to Sharman for me!
Thanks for the love!
Reading through iPad stylus reviews... Seems like there's something negative about all of them! Any good recommendations, esp. for drawing?
I love my stop text app until I want them!!!
We LOVE it's fun to analyze it & see how it improves
I was saying you guys are evil :P lol brown recluse too! Haha
Commission breaks for lunch. Will reconvene at 1:40.
#MikeyFuscoTo100k please follow me (:
LINK Summer update: waiting list spots still available for grades 5-8!
Travel day today....Rock on the Range...I expect my instagram app is going to be working overtime this weekend
RUN UP ON US IF YOU WANT BLAH BLAH.......SMFH
Hope all is well. Looking forward to see you soon. Hugs
RT : Name three items you consider essential for a weekend away?
Hey MTA, fix the credit card slot on the Bedford L Driggs entry ticket machine. 4 months seems long enough.
Spicy sausages for dinner, although it appears I ate a little too much.
Today 1951: Tom Wopat born in Lodi, Wisconsin. Best known as Luke Duke on TV's "Dukes of Hazzard."
alright sounds god :)
i think so but who knows just last week jenn was punching pictures so maybe she has a plan in store or NOT.
FOLLOW ME?<3 I lovee you so much I met you at your Houston concert!:D Please??
If any Pink Ninja mothers have played semi-pro, we could probably use them on the coaching staff.
#Didyouknow the moon orbits the Earth every 27.32 days
Oh, hey, Internet, I didn't know it was 11.11.11 until you told me. Thanks for telling me 82 times so far today.
yo lets play ball??
THAT'S the one! Take that to the printer.
Off to Lambeau Field for a tour of the greatest facility (and team) in sports. Yes I'm from Wisconsin.
Finally got a chance to the see our Dolby glasses-free 3D demo! Very impressive.
i love medicine
We are looking forward to sampling your Hacienda Araucano Carmenere tonight at a wine tasting. Cheers!
My mommy is beautiful
Usually women's games are visibly slower than men's, but you can't really say that about this one
Make that 13 straight for LeBron. Miami now has the lead.
bwahaha.... You may just make the cut this time. There's a rule: uninvited after 3x no showing...
Lord please give me
It's so good. I just started MM. And Betty just hit some Reddi Wip...hard. Get excited.
a monster cause he took 8 guidos on one by himself last night in Gainesville
Somewhere, Bobby and David are reading this...and weeping that they both missed their shot at their eternal schoolyard legacy.
hahahaha, i totally know who this is about. #loveyou!
its a #fact that is sexii (:
kids these days
Down for that scene bros. As long as there are brews I'll be happy rooting on the #Caps tonight
One week until the next season of launches! Find us at on Mon., on Tues. and Wed.
For a second I was like, "What's wrong with tha---aaahhhh oghghghghh"
Line of the morning. Talking Stanley Cup trophy and reporter chimes in ”I took a sip from it back in '94, still get a cold sore there”.
Rip hamilton is making everyone in Chicago wonder if it's 2004
It's amazingly disgusting how many girls think "skank" is a halloween costume.
retweeting all of 's tweets because he's a dickheaaaaaad.
a simple "hey Pittsburgh, how ya doin'" would have alleviated the whole situation.
Dink Smallwood on my phone! One of my favorite games as a kid. Hello 1997! I missed you.
Back up off me, son.
Setting up for final. Gonna be a little busy. Out.
I've been using Go Postal app for yrs - also great but I will check out Red Stamp
no. might fill one out just for me though.
my dog dun know yew she will bite
Thought I'd never say this but i want a XBox 360 :
Happy bday to one of my idols Doris day!!! Such an amazing com/drama actress & singer-Shes the #1 money making female movie star of all time
got it to work! yay...new haircut!
Mark your calendars and join the fun! WNA's Annual Trees Retreat is scheduled for August 23-25, 2012.
yes! It's phenomenal!!
That moment when two strangers are talking about your favorite movie and your dying to join their conversation.
Wouldn't it be great if twitter had sound?
good night all!
Hi Missy, would love to interview ya via skype to hear how you started/grew sbotd...maybe even write a blog about the story?
can you and Katherine join us for Christmas??????
TS Eliot measured life with coffee spoons, whereas I measure mine by the number of empty 5 hour energy bottles on the floor of my car.
nothing! Now give me a calendar!
BACK IN THE UK!
Thanks for RTing that - I was kind of surprised that no one else did (since lots of my other tweets were widely RTed today)...
We just parked, see you in a bit!
Hey Baltimore, we're looking for a partner sponsor to print some T-shirts. Got leads?
#abaws to make better decisions
Okay is it too early for me to be drinking fruity lady drinks with rum? Bloody hope not. Getting drunk on your own is always good. -__-
no... i've been texting tea jenny paola and rachel but i never got one from you
I need my money pronto and I get in the morning like Alonzo!!
hi larry! thanks for the add, hope you are well and dandy! and rocking the radio world xx
awesome job! Hope we treated you well at the Blue Star!
#RainInLA An opportunity to eat up all the food in my apt before it expires.
“: To all Miami Heat fans/supporters/sympathizers: We're in a fight. Don't call me. #knicksin7” FYI people!
aw! That's good!
Just ask your server, we'll make you one anytime. The grill gets filled up w/ pancakes so we had to pull it during brunch. :)
Jays wit a polo money in the bag servin grams for the low low
That was absolutely not a foul. Incredible block by LeBron.
Getting the new that there's a free Justin Moore concert next Thursday >>>>
Awww. Feel better soon!
Oh what to do on a thursday night???? i think i'll get my drink on at the rose and listen to the fabulous musical stylings of Nathan Dean!…
Gym swag! If you ain't super settin get the hell outta here
Trying to keep the folks who hate me away from the folks who are undecided... Luv that bio
If you drive in Seattle, you ARE using Metro. YOUR road is clearer & safer when others take Metro. Pay UP!
So how close do you think you'll be to hitting that May 1 opening?
's avatar cracks me up every time I see it. Every. Single. Time.
I am the new curriculum outcome specialist at girl scouts swtx
... too cute! Welcome back:-)
Almost every day starts with a little Rush for me (I'm that guy), so I was excited to find.
YOUR WRONG!
We love you too! Hope you enjoyed your melt. RT “: is busy tonight!!! its ok. i <3 them”
#Portland Better Living Show TODAY at Expo Center. Learn about sustainable living to decrease carbon footprint
You are "verified" not that you needed to be lol.. RT : knows RT : How do u get verified
Why is McDonald's coffee always burnt? Every time i try it, it's burnt. I cant be just me.
Ah, I noticed that when I got back inside. Signed, "D.C."
we are! LOL
watch you randomly get a 5
Go For It! Already got mine! RT Not if I get to have one too. ;) RT : Does anyone mind if I have a drink?
New Movie "Redemption" AKA "For Robbing the Dead" to be released this summer!
Good Luck to all our Flo Fusion Athletes competing at The Aztec Invitational today, SDSU
Too Young To Live Wit Summone Who Aint Finna Compromise !
If you are in The Netherlands and visit Amsterdam, don't forget The Hague and see the Vermeers in the Mauritshuis.
We're back!!! Had a great performance with High Hat Hattie back in Feb-Mar! Coming in May-Annual Event & May-June our next play.
i think i literally slept ALL DAY today. amazing!
A survey last year revealed that the 18-34 age group prefers print advertising to online advertising
Getting ready to test out my new driver <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+26F3>
You can't control how someone acts but you can control what you'll accept from them. People will only rise to the standards you set.
Uh, oh... "Welcome to your new, simplified [FaceBook] home page." I'll be the judge!
if at first u don't succeed etc
haha your like a celebrity on here but I know we're pretty much unbeatable
Q2 is a difficult question. My last place of work actually paid for a building in cash. 6.5 million in cash. It just opened today.
Suni, was that a truthful RT?.
I am an infection, how you gonna stop it? Im all up in your blood stream, no antibotics
hey I've never met you, and this is CRAZY but here's my twitter.SO TWEET ME MAYBE! #IMissedYouSoBad #SoSoBad <3
It has always been my desire to see our community flourish into a place of quality living. Now we must work together to accomplish all...
April 10th "being broke is a sin" I'm bout to wake shit up...I'm the next up and coming nigga to look out for... I'm tellin y'all now!
Just reached 300 followers! Thx for getting involved. I'd like to see 3000 Newarkers following to make this truly effective. Make it happen!
Heather Joseph: this year, a major conversation in OA is around dropping non-commercial-use-only restrictions from more materials.
i would have to say i like all cold colors but i love mostly all colors cuz w/out each color it would make the world look..
I've said it before and I'll say it again: I love you, Austin.
How do you promote events through your organization's Facebook page if you have a ton of events? The Events app? A custom tab?
i'm not sure if i'm digging my new twitcon.
Goin to be in Miami then Los Angeles end of march holla
WHO'S EXCITED
SO still hasn't followed us D:
watching the 4th inning of ken burns' Baseball
I just figured out about you guys yesterday and I wanted to say your amazing<3
#aam2012 reminder 4 networking B-U -“Be who U R & say what U feel, cause those who mind dont matter & those who matter dont mind. Dr. Seuss”
best beaner out there! haha :D
Is anybody out there, nothing to lose, coming to america. and some more
Cocktails on the loggia at The Women's Club of Minneapolis tonight: Prost!
Hey, sorry. I haven't gotten to check you guys out yet. I'll be sure to let you know when I do though! :D
Remember - the questions were asked by 'forward' leaning MSNBC and CNN. They don't want to talk about the Obama economy.
Another day with this fight with this shit called cancer... I just wish it was all a bad dream...
ahh extremely jealous!
“: were u like "yup, yea, yes, yes!...oh wait no, thats not right"” haha exactly!
Hey ! Auto show goers can win 4 passes to the museum if they post a picture of them and their favorite Harley! Pass on the news!
like what ?
awh I loved her, Dana was my favourite tho :')
Asia Skye I can be the truest if you are true to me, I can be the coldest if you are cold to me. I am who I am.. I am ME
yep! every two weeks.. oh wait..
Niall is our sexy Leperechaun (; Oh yes he is <3
Joint C4ISR - Delivering Information Dominance in The Coalition Environment
That's just nasty
how are ya hitting them?
Guess what this week is? The launch of the Red Blue Voice Blog! Keyboards are buzzing!
I just tried to force-send a message to you and it looks like it went through… sweet!
you is so nice Talena
new infected.: i'm told it's eclectic & modern yet signature.
And of course Twitter references!
Easter Bunny dropped off a bit of Nugget Nectar, Gouden Carolus Easter Ale, Lavery IRA & Liopard Oir at the Deli. Won't last
Put it down to three like a boss (Durant)
Bingo! RT : Mitt thinks the Bin Laden raid was an easy call. PROVES he is NOT ready to be commander-in-chief. This is a dangerous man
#ThatDepressingMoment when u bend her over and the crack of her ass is ashy
R.I.P. Adam Y. of the Beastie Boys
playoff hopes over for the Titans...you're welcome Pittsburgh
If you are a bargain hunter, hunt no further: DealShow is here to make your #shopping much easier! www.dealshow.com
you're not permitted these days enough time to be sure of anything
goddamn the party is TONIGHT and i have NOT slept
Will there be booths and rides for the kiddies? ;-)
Saturdays are awful now. I have no issue with skipping Summer time just to get to fall.
She mines now
O it was quite tasty. Enjoy :)
haha so true! x) thank you! & who's that cute widdle puppy as your profile pic?! :}
True but I just felt embarrassed for him
Is everyone happy it's hump day? Yay my week is almost over.
Sloppy seconds for all
Like it matters. A win is a win.
Man I can't wait until these pork steaks are done!
i just read her feed. i cannot comprehend the amount of crazy.
purportedly :o
When a guy puts his hand thru your weave, you move quick as hell
ive master that long before i knew u. That wasmy life at 14 lol
Thanks! I'm sure you'll be in a shirt at some point. =)
August is miserable here. I'll gladly give it up for the hope of a few pretty days in May.
GO Magic!!!! Hoping for a Magic vs Nuggets FINALs!!
writing a report & having fond memories of the indepth #customer interviews we did, sigh, gotta love the #qual aspect of
The hell my brother wanted to do facetime knowing they won't have service at the semi old folks home smh
Heads up: Chain Lake Elementary in the Monroe School District is closed today due to a broken water main.
follow it up with "intervention" and you'll wonder why you're not winning the novel prize.... Seriously!
I was gonna tell you guys a poop joke, but its too corny
bogus wasn't a great choice of words but it fit :-)
We're famous! RT : PERFECT GAME ALERT: RHP Philip Humber has not allowed a baserunner through 5 innings against the
I got an 8 o' clock appointment with God's word......
I love seeing the HUGE smiles on the faces of the athletes when they succeed. Heartwarming!
Olympus e510 w/kit lens & 50mm f2 macro. Used to shoot 35mm through an Argus C-44; been a while since I shot film though.
ceviche! salads (dressing on side!) guac with veggies! fish!
well gallo is injured and injury prone. Felton is fat and not having a good year. Wilson is the best guy we gave up
Watched Stranger than Fiction (for a class). Made me a touch homesick for Chicago. Missing my Chicago friends. Thankful for LAX friends.
I want as my boyfriend. He actually listens
I think he must have drank a lot of Ecto Cooler on race day.
OH HELL YEAH! Congrats Romey
Just joined an acting casting company to do some background work. Should be interesting.
would love to be part of it! let me know where to send an email or I am happy to go through online process, let me know!
I miss my morning talk buddy . I hope Vegas is both productive and fun! I also hope that Harding is feeling better.
Are you headed to the mall this weekend? Let us know you are coming & bring a card for the troops, drop off at guest services.
The Secretary Shaun Donovan is on tonight! Proud to say he was recently hosted in Milwaukee by and !
Holy crap LA...can you be more humid!?
Groves provides personalized medication administration and incidental medical services
want to marry me? <3
Feel better soon! Sometimes when I get 'em, it feels like my eyeball has a head ache.
"The measure of the person's value and legacy … is his impact on your life." ~MilesMcPherson re: Seau
Asked my dad if Mormons go to heaven too with the rest of us. He said it's this other heaven where you still pay for meals. My dad's smart.
Let's collaborate on a song
...:::I NEED A JOB Anyone know of somewhere thats hiring? if so let me know!!!:::...
Not this time! Although we will have plenty of baby friendly events in the future!
Big things in the works! This weekend Woodfish was asked to perform on the main stage @ the Great South Bay Music Festival this summer!
very cool post.
My new Cami is still in her box, poor thing. Don't have an outfit or stand for her yet.
Finally u have a twitter :)
Of course, Tom pretty much goes in for whatever James Lasdun writes about, so there's that...
I hate iced coffee.
I've decided to think of this as winter. Because if it's winter, then the weather is amazing.
I swear if one more person calls me out for being the only person in the world without an iphone......
when cheese is criminalized, only criminals will have cheese.
Reducing the isolation writing sometimes bring can make you feel happier and more productive. Go to lunch with a friend!
Gore and Parker get standing ovation welcome
TY for the follow Professor Dirks.
Mike Tyson sounding the siren before the wranglers Kelly cup finals game. We'll show you at 10.
Enjoy! RT : Ah! I feel so much better. is just what I needed.
Driving/parking on campus is one of my least favorite activities. <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0095><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0095><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099>
Don't Luv Me When Im Dead, Luv Me While Im Here:-) BlacFritz-FrontLin3 #StaySafe:-)
Left for work 40 minutes early. Arrived at work 10 minutes early.
I'm so shocked about Taylor's husband Russell. So sad for their little girl Kennedy!
We aren't carrying any pro stock models of the Total One or APX sticks/skates, but we can place custom orders for both.
Testify. RT : #Aries are terrified of being anything but number 1.
What the hell Bart
1st love,you was that,my heart, you broke that,my trust,i gave you that, you cheated, I took it back
A1: teams should drive engagement with fans via players and own twitter handles
Just gonna throw this out there: Videos on the blog. Yay or Nay?
For the record, we at TCS are not fans of ... Talk about a good way to ruin lovely pictures.
God please help me in times of pain. Please help me find the way, and to always lift myself up after I've fallen.
our pleasure! :)
oh ok! thanks!
will do. It was great meeting you and at TBTL 1,000. Wasn't expecting to see you in the daylight.
I still remember you teaching me that. I would argue that my senior year might have had you beat though haha.
We want to collaborate! We'll contact you soon. We'll contact you soon!
it gets very simple. Just takes a little time :D
Anyone know why I can't email from another app on my iPhone? It was working fine the other day now nothing. Regular email works too.
What a song to have on ur mind when waking up...
How can you hate Grace Potter?
It's hard to effectively/honestly represent what you don't like, respect or believe. The insincerity always leaks out in one way or another.
Let's go Kobe. Do what you do and take-over! I can't believe I'm for the Lakers.
That's my next step. I'll tweet you when it's done! Thanks :)
Found a cool picture of some wood. #newbackground So what's up with you?
Definately not like the rest of my family usually.
good evening to all twitters!!~
": Evangelical leaders urged to mobilize against admnistration contraception policy" - I'm so tired of fighting the church.
I swear they all on me
Flag House staff will be there enjoying the 1814 party! RT : Visitor Center Dedication is tonight! PARTY LIKE IT'S 1814!!!
Bad* Rofl :) RT : Haters Selena isn't a bed man ! She has very good manners ! I love her <U+2665>
I knew the final question on jeopardy and none of the contestants did!
I’ll be in Green Bay through Thursday this week. Can’t wait to see famous #Packers landmarks!
lot of cross cryptic tweets last night. What I miss?
so funny since that song is on the teddy p album I played today after I heard the news. I nearly choked on my coffee.
You Only Get One In A Lifetime ,
So excited to experience my very dear friend & one of the most special chefs I know, 's, new concept tonight. Love you boo.
Great news RT Indiana has picked up a commitment in the class of 2013 from 6-9 Luke Fischer of Germantown (Wis.) High School
Dr. Steven Hyman: If u think of mental illness as being on a spectrum of normalcy, we'll all going to have periods of "sickness."
Middle age is when you're old enough to know better but still young enough to do it.
they're moving to Dumbo.
Oh ok- headed to Blue/White.
Fill in the blank: My all-time favorite Cheese Steak topping is _______.
Clemson receiver Watkins arrested on marijuana charge
“If you want to be great and successful, choose people who are great and successful and walk side by side with them.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
i love you more (;
6 months a half a year I love you so much
would like to have you read for a feature film entitled " Characters" hit me up ASAP
Does Danny "Radar" O'Rourke work?
ID HAS BEEN FOUND AT BENCHMARK!!
Please put in your mag!!!!
Seriously........ It's coo just watch and wait.....
Feeling like ugh right now
Just reached 15,000 connections this afternoon! Wonder if that makes me the most connected San Diegan?
- U're 'banannas'. Lol. Kim, Troyzan, and Colton is it for me this season. Matt had potential, but let his ego get involved.
Cute pic! Stay warm!! It's cold out there tonight.
Wanna see #CurtisBrinkley do his #RogerCraig impression and do some high knee kicks as he runs.
Loud and creepy, indeed! The MRI certainly did not help with my headache...
I have my license dingy.!
thanks! Is there a particular book by them u recc? She's a 5yr old mutt, house trained.
The Born This Way Ball will perform 110 shows around the world. The opening dates are out today, with more announcements to ensue.
I think it is.....use it 3x a day....and make my stock grow
EEK! What's goin' on? And okay. OH! I have a bunch of makeup tutorials on my youtube account that'll be AWESOME to use.
That would be sweet!
New Washington or New Palace? Or perhaps the one on Conant whose name I always space.
not in the past 8 months they haven't :)
Agreed. RT : A blog cant compete w/the tangibility of a good zine!
Enough with the commercials, bring on
A reasonable point. I just kind of like the idea of breaking embargoes via world travel to expose the lunacy of the system.
Seriously, there's no need for a standing ovation after every sentence.
Doesn't mean that we'll see snow. it just means if the showers are heavy enough you could find a few wet flakes. Mainly high up.
Not close at all. That boy ain't known for his speed.
AH...being hacked on twitter is sometimes better then coffee in the morning. Have a wonderful day
Cold Outside!!..
#Avengers last night was amazing! I am excited for the younger crowd to see it..this will be their Star Wars. seriously well done
Join RT : Men: if you came home to your GF having sex with another girl, what would you do?
RT : “The more articulate one is, the more dangerous words become.” —May Sarton, born May 3 1912
Finally back on the #NFL beat today for
Taking a day off tomorrow...where should I eat?
ANNOUNCING MWSA 2011 WINNER-Non-fiction Biography-True Blue: A Tale of the Enemy Within by Joe Sanchez & MoDhania-Honorable Mention
Happy #LawDay! This year's theme is "No Courts, No Justice, No Freedom." How are you celebrating?
Agreed! I think their hair - or lack of it, usually looks great. as long as they can see on the pitch!
girls don't text first boys suppose to text first so gettch some
That's what I meant :-) Is he going to come and measure you himself ahead of time :-)
I can;t stay mad at you for anything
S/o to thanks for the follower sweetie!!!
I have nothing to do!
Yay for today!!!
"Get Your Mind Set,Confidence Will Lead You On."
if by intriguing you mean mostly sporting oriented...your looking good haha
Dream what you want to dream; Go where you want to go; Be what you want to be, Because you have only one life And one chance to do all...
hot, jake - business school is over and now no showers? ;)
I've come to the conclusion that Herman Cain is Sarah Palin, only with less sex appeal.
Party at school and after school.<3
really a planned out thing is the most impressive SMH
no bullshyt be a leader moe
Thought you might have been home for a bit...
Got confirmation that I'm cast in a feature film....details coming soon!
Stop spreading lies. RT : My little sis didn't want to go to my line up :(
Humanity has only scratched the surface of its real potential. Peace Pilgrim
Please follow and let her know i sent yu! She is an AMMAAZING singer! thanks xo
Festival organizers take it to heart when planning event - Arizona Daily Star Festival organizers take it to heart when planning event Ar
Good night everyone! Off to China tomorrow-- see you when I return! No Facebook or Twitter there :( Smooches! Ha!
There's a fresh load of manure on the flower beds behind DMNS. Fragrant.
Thx! RT I *love* Agave in Grant Park. Also, maybe , South City Kitchen or La pietra cucina
good luck vannessa
#sca2012 Peter Chang also scripting out data from other software packages that they use for finding aid creation.
FACEBOOK I DON'T WANT A TIMELINE. Yet you changed my page to one anyways.
NF the ONE n ONLY sexy !")
Lmffaao. “ loves when do her hood dance!!! she be so serious!!”
At home but I'm on my mommy duties at the moment.
We just love your reviews!
Spent about 5 minutes today thinking I recorded the voice of a ghost. Turns out it was me. I quietly asked, "Where am I?"
I added your pin :)
My senior year is basically over once I get through this AP Stats test tomorrow.
Just entered a hot dog eating contest at Cafe Centraal for Sausage Fest. T-minus 5 minutes.
Who's your team?
Nothing like a little Insomnia!
90+ min of soccer + tequila early ass night
Why is twitter so quiet? Light up my notifications! (I don't mean spam me)
Wynn Rosser: ex. of El Paso - data showed varying performance by district/school; led to early assessment
great company I seem to have here!
Will be running Disney Half Marathon in Florida end of September. Training starts today. So excited!! :)
that's my freaking song #swag ;)
What's up with the glitter?? -#Touchdown!
Thanks for mentioning our app (BigOven!) Next step: you've got to post that great photo of the dish you made to BigOven.com
Today 1919: Wladziu Valentino Liberace was born in the Milwaukee suburb, West Allis. At 14 he debuted as a soloist for the Chicago Symphony
TMZ staff say they illegally voted on Oscar/Grammy forms instead of relatives just choosing anyone.No wonder some think da industry's a joke
On this day one year ago, my brother won a hot dog eating contest. Yep.
asking for a phone number takes serious guts.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
#money wont solve all your issues but it sure makes the ride a lot easier.....
All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine.
#100thingsilove the song "somebody that I used to know" by Gotye <33
I guess it really depends how clean/dirty the crawfish are and the source they're coming from.
Lmao!,its like.... Don't they know about the show by now?
Bout to cut tha hair
follow back?
that's just how good i am!
I went with the husband! They'd have to kill us both!
Hoping for a BU -BC Beanpot final
Allegro would like to dedicate a dance to Salvatore Capezio next year --can you help us out?
My aunt has five kids all under the age of 6... She's pregnant with twins... Is she fucking crazy!?!? not okay.
lol let's say your dad is a boss unfortunately my Dad is like you lmao
#DidYouKnow only 12 opening day closers are still the closers for their respective teams
very true, I can only imagine Yotes vs. Canucks in the playoffs...it'd be interesting.
Real Food Daily is our default. If ur in SF Valley try Vinh loi Tofu
Sunglasses and advil . Last nite was mad real .
I said Kalon is a liar, fraud and narcissist. Add to that psychopath. Seriously. I think he's psycho. Mark my words.
how about five restaurants where cocktails made with beer are King? yes please
tired but im too congested to sleep ugh
Less than an hour until we release a little treat for you all to enjoy! 10 PM be here!!!
Bye Twitter
your love is overrated.
Love your icon *.*
Is it just me or is school really boring
#2012c19 flight diversion from SFO to SJC has become an oddly relaxing bus ride up the peninsula on the 101. O California, you siren.
We are heading to soon. Will we see you there? #BeThere for fun! Mingle with our staff and Bigs!
the award isnt "who has the best message"..... Just claifying. I love Gaga lots but Adele is pretty awesome too.
And we need to have you here!! Patio's open and the weather's been gorgeous, what are you waiting for? ;)
#hybridshawty lol RT : In so sick of goin to the gas station!!!!!!
When a media outlet disappoints & isn't responsive to requests for change, you protest it best by moving on & supporting better media.
RT : Coach K not happy about the non-goaltending call. As usual Duke is getting hosed by the refs.
Feedback from today! "Macys is always pleased with the service & entertainment provided by EU"....We enjoy working with you as well!
my wife is from the east bay do we make it out there once or twice a year. Will prob take the baby out there soon to meet fam
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you! <U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A> 28
im going for my juris doctorate
Personal and Pro brands will be the same before long...esp as workforce becomes more contingent!
Aw yeah, in the building. What's up girl!
Many great guitar players that I know have pretty red-headed girlfriends. Just a 1am observation.
Possible rain tonight if you have a windshield chip cover it with packing tape to keep it dry & dirt free. Don't block driver's vision.
I do wish you would include a napkin (even just one!) with your delivery orders.
are you going to the game?
We are not the same persons this year as last; nor are those we love
lights are working on miramar rd
you can give me some:)
lmao you started it ! Your way more harsh then I am
My youth is eternal. I age gracefully, in fact I barely look like I age at all.
CH.5 Answer: the most common type of arrest are made after questioning of a suspect.
Sofia Vergara is not really that pretty.
I think I am registering for HealthCampBoston and SocialPharmerBoston!
When u posting up the pics u took
Time to rest a bit. Tomorrow is another day. G'night
your right its not
The flexible Half time Lady got my dick hard
Thank God you're not an Indian!
I'm going to stop following you because your picture scares me.
sure. already done :3
Finding out Arnold Schwarzenegger is your dad.
Some kids at school are calling me gay. How can u call an 11 year old gay?
There's nothing more awkward than accidentally following someone.
thanks for the support!
The hardway gets monotonous.
I might as well change my name to Paglio since they never spell it right in the paper thanks to my wonderful friend
"I'd buy that for a dollar" great movie. Now you know how men feel when they have to watch romantic movies.
is so hot.
that's cause you read.
I don't even need your love.
Tea House spa in Santa Cruz, all the tea we could drink while jacuzzin'.
the baby's out, she's clearly back to thin Hilary. I like that one but pre veneers. Those are too much.
Chapter 2012 Page 53 of 366 Excuses are tools of the weak and incompetent, which builds monuments of nothingness...I'm preaching to myself
Thanks Kristin, I hope the week is going well!
Yea Concords set the back for every release that has come after it. No shoe sits anymore.
"almost" is operative word. What was he thinking? Was he thinking?
playoff hockey is fun! Dis u see flyers vs pens series?
": If you had a choice to live somewhere... Would it be Beach? Mountains? Or country? And why?" Mountains-high & dry!!
Gallery Talk today 12PM on "Mao" by Andy Warhol - Meet in Griffin Court
Anyone used a Wacom Cintiq? I'm really wanting one.
Steve Stricker is pounding the field in the 1st round of the PGA Championship in Atlanta. I would love to see him win his first major.
Is it ok to not more off the couch the whole of this weekend??
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!!
Thank you, Karen!!! Appreciate it!
where is shisharitoh?
Lesson learned, always leave your phone on and put it next to you when you sleep :(
BYU doesn't appear to be very good at the basketball.
hahaha! Very true Parents under 30 are dumb
hahahah my mom dosent care. all we're doing at the mall is eating tho?
one need at least 3 feet bust a good windmill. Just sayin'...
so true! “Love doesn’t grow unless we do. It takes patience, knowledge, experience, determination, & every positive trait we possess.”
let us know if we can help at all
that party with wellington last night was.. interesting.. haha
good morning angels <3
yeah bro I know Reid showed me where you live
If you have a car and want some real barbecue, find your way to BoxCar BBQ in Sapulpa.
Spirit says to sing YOUR song!!
Got very little sleep last night...
RT So much fun messing with acapellas and other instrumentals
I'm going to enjoy being on the outside looking in!
thx Alex, good looking out. (I was following that one too, but event site listed the longer one.) And thx again Yochai.
&& who the fuck are you?
Dang it... Got to get some farm work done before I can follow live stream and tweets from #rva #obama2012 #ReadyToGo ;-)
Power trigger weaves itself throughout our life every day, guiding our behavior.
So long, Instagram. We hardly knew ye...
Thats a little weird for sure!
rosario from the rattlers to the mlb roster? Beast!
she likes my 9mm Ber. Highpower. Gun is to big for her hands. Nothing smaller then a 9.
like I live here in Florida you live in ___.. And like when a band comes over here . I could interview . Like a partnership
Do not, do not, put off until tomorrow what you can do today. There is no reason to wait.
burned 421 calories doing 60 minutes of "Bicycling, 10-12 mph, light (cycling, biking, bike riding)"
When a blind man bears the standard, pity those who follow. -- French Proverbs
I can't get Starships by Nicki Minaj out of my head, it's just so damn catchy!!
Closest projected first round #NBA series is #Lakers (59.6%) vs. the #Nuggets (40.4%)
“: Perla was sus for that” but you live with all your heart.
And some of them some folks coulda kept
Gasoline & a bic lighter do a much better job than a sharpie!
You'll get to at the National Metal Detecting Day events on 5/19! 1st chance to try out the CTX 3030...
36,000 parking spaces in and around downtown. Check govt center and iupui as an example.
The question is not what you look at, but what you see.
Ive been MIA on twitter! How do you use this??? lol
I can't wait to get the fuck out of this house
"This Is Spinal Tap"
word what size are you? 323-799-7455 im back in LA off 51st western holla
my mom just toldb me my brunette hair makes her sick amd i look gross
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing, beautiful mothers. You guys are absolutely amazing! (:
But *I* judge you.
I dont care what tweet it is! shout out to ! i <3 you!
You had great seats!
There's always that if in life .
why is it I love you so much and all you do is hate, hate, hate everything you've become?
Yes and...In the movie of your life..Gene Hackman would play you.
Hossa on Torres: “The jump upset me. The hit to my head, that’s the one thing that upset me. I’ve never been hit like that."
Your new profile looks great!
these tubules are pretty convoluted.
I love lower body weight reps, because I can tweet the time away.
You mad good to ya fans girl. Keep that sincerity strong for eva!
yes, I do. Not send out trash!!!
The de-identification of data will be a critical component of creating an #ICD10 testing environment. #Foxtrot can help.
cant wait til u guys r back in america Hope ur holiday went well:)
That would be, um, never.
Cleaned out all my credit card points to book a trip to Vegas -- where I will surely spend enough money to regain all those points back.
"took the" not toilets(?)
There is just one life for us to live, our own (:
A veterinary school double degree program…Now it makes sense.
class is still on. Remember we're in super speed this semester. But do not risk your health/car to be here...
Wishing all my followers an #awesome Weekend. #ThankYou for your continued support of my music guys! : ) XOXOXOXO
How does someone "lose" $3 billion. I can't even imagine it, can you?!?
Happy Mothers Day to the most wonderful mom in the world! Love you mom!<333
....... Nun nobody....i'm just fucking pissed the fuck off..... Real shit
SENDING OUT A BIRTHDAY #SHOUTOUT TO MY BRAH LIVE IT UP YOU KNOW WE PARTYING HARD!!!
How do we get Roy Adams to the top of Logan Young's stairs?
oh just watch the game like the rest of us :)
We could have it available next time you fellas come to town.
call me!
The truth!
Successfully mastered the sock bun on the third attempt. would be proud.
you tell em girl.
oh: Santorum is starting to close the gap a bit…
yeah probably!
punk rock wives from Chicago can bite it!
are you tweeting from Jim's house? That google map looks familiar...;)
Good catch. Thanks.
It's hot AF
I gotta fast so you can figure out how to eat? Curious.
How many of you are unaware of our new hot and spicy blend, Jimmy Luv's Sneaky Hot Bloody Mary Mix?
did you get my email???
Who else wonders.. what if someone could read your mind?
done. I look forward to seeing what you make of people's responses. Great stuff.
Alright nap. I certainly don't need you, but I definitely want you.
June 9th "RT Btw has the number 1 song in the country. And he will be at #shaggfest"
#ThingsIwantTheMost an unbroken family, meeting <3
if there was any speaker, author, performer or creative that you could meet and learn from. . who would it be?
It awesome when your iPhone headphones go through the washer and dryer and still work.
It took me three tries to get my shirt on this morning and the day is half over,it can only get better from here, right?
yes!! Hah im a heavy weight & i swear I had a buzz at the end of it lmao
Follow me on twitter..@ mrdetroit23.. Get @ me..
Keith - just quoted your 'Welcome to the end of our careers.' line on his debut show at
Thanks Ashley...you're the best! Please let me know if there is anything I can help you with in regards to your position.
RT : Results of NYC Teacher's Choice cuts Only $4/student=teachers spend $1,000 of their own $$ on supplies-...
Marta online host is flying alone in from Poland for Shine. Has housing but need to connect her with young ladies while here. Suggestions?
The only thing I can't wait for is to bash my dad in front of people who can actually help me go live with my mom.
FYI sometimes apps are owned by companies - more ppl than just devs have motive to increase # of good reviews :)
Awh, hott weather is gross. I prefer cold better. :) I just got home from a friends house.
I'm sorry but we "CAN'T" be friends...!!
Flyers nearing Granite Ridge softball title - St. Cloud Times
Unless you consider Sublime a ska band, then yes, they're all five.
What a gorgeous night! Enjoy it now before it gets too hot out there!
Just got tix for #Rangers at #Caps in #DC next week! Who wants to come with?
hope you liked the card.
Having fro yo with mini gummy bears!
Lord have mercy! What's a brotha to do? I can't even enjoy my memories now. WTF Lark? :(
thank you for the #drupal modules suggestions. Another drupaler mentioned those so they must be the way to go.
While prepping my current hard drive for transfer to my new computer, I realized I've got a lot of junk sitting around that I never use.
I'm doing alright, what you been up to?
at least you saw her yesterday :( there's always 1st period i guess..
You are a devil
I want to go ice skating. Right now.
nicole ari parker still bad
Send a picture of your smiling face next to a #Barnstorm poster on Cap Hill & she'll mail you art. Or hand it to you at the event.
The pass is good for 4 right? My folks are coming now. :)
Thanks to student newspaper for feverishly tweeting updates at Future of Journalism panel. Good stuff.
Ruben is piercing all day long!! Come on down!
I'm thinking I should start to blog (maybe). Better to do it through Wordpress or tumblr? I already have both...
ha! Almost. The wife actually said "You wish I'd pay you".
Online retailers - Sending me a daily '12 Days of Christmas' email is getting pretty old.
Craving some #BEERSonBEERSonBEERS!
Hot showers relax me, now time for sleep <U+2764>
- dream big! Momentum in the right direction!
Just tried OC myself - yes very very basic and some surprising omissions - but I like the streaming media folder.
Two more hours of work left in the year to grind through, then I'm free...
#Kobe lost them that one...
I LOVE it. You get the best hardware and windows. I use MACos a fair amount now too.
Sounds like someone needs to cool they shit.
In response to previous RT, high energy '80s and '90s songs, hands down!
says we will only hear from government witnesses today as public witnesses have already had the opportunity to testify
I have wings as of right now;)
ends his talk at #WFUD12 with a powerful reading of "Incantation," a powerful poem on the power of language &
museum as holodeck? Make it so!
Listen, we can handle it! LoL
cool... That'll work
That's possible, or what I lack is a crystal ball. I understand, but so to do should not be like pulling teeth.
how do u get in twitter jail?
dude weak as fcuk though.
.. #Faith liberates us from #Pain . It is the supreme medecine. #Believe me it does.
I should really think of another abbreviation for follow up.
he wears that signed Poole jersey All time to school n everyone asks how he got it
Prep Jerks: Spring/Summer 2012 - Prep Jerks ® Blog
Just managed to disable the network adapter on my remote dev machine. I don't have physical access... FML.
Just FYI, I think that the NEH softball team should be called the Waffletown Syrups.
Yes. Particularly strangers who care only for profit, not human health or animal welare...
Welcome to ! RT Happy NEO Monday, welcome to our 12 new employees - such great talent!
boom... looks like the storms are weakening as they approach tho... what a surprise, right?
Can you handle what I'm about to do?
'tis the season. We'll have to see you on board this summer. & have already pedaled
u from cleveland?
I've been on since 7:30 ;) <3 I can't wait!
Toronto sports media anointing Landeskog the Calder winner already. RNH 3 points back with 22 less games. Makes sense, right?
my grandmother Xenia, a successful lawyer and first woman with a driver's license in Uruguay
I dont hate you Justin! Dont say that
in part!
In this part of town you don't get away with something like this without having to answer where YOU from?
Studio 24/7 actor Eric Davis just booked a week on "Harry's Law" with Kathy Bates :)
I won't eat any more M&Ms today. It will take massive self-control but I can do it because I'm STRONG (and I've already eaten all of them )
#capirotada days r over.
I don't care who you are or where you're from, have the heart to tweet #bieber4potter and help and 8 year olds dream come true
Has anyone used a honeymoon registry before? If so, any recommendations?
according to untappd, you are having a killer night :)
Jasmin i thought Louis was your favorite ICONic Boy?
Does anybody following me watch Grey's Anatomy or Scandal?
My little voter guide, humbly offered, for your consideration:
The 1% understand the importance of having a roadmap, that it is no easy task and it requires time and commitment.
RT : No matter what you do in life and everything you do in life you are telling your story.
The counters in this match have been awesome.
I'll treat you better than your ex,make you forget about the rest,&never worry about the next,I'll show you the real definition of the best.
Couple hugging and snuggling in the clab... No one wants to see that.
cc: RT : , I'll be cooking for you & crew tomorrow in OB w/ the Islander.
that's awesome! haha that would be fun!
"Big feet mean big socks" yeah austin im sure thats what you meant ;)
Omg I think my stomach is dying
I assume Herman Cain decided to go the other direction?
my man Axel “: only Axel Foley would notice two guys about to rob a strip club”
lmfao I know :o
Oh I want a milkshake, strawberry milkshake to be exact
Free show tonight. After your family festivities, come join us for 93.3's music industry night at Oak Tavern. We play at 10.
Coletta speaking now, Vibrancy&Diversity key for community.
Tonight's show at Chevy sound garage is FREE. 21+ - Come see us at 10:45
We will have a chance tomorrow to ask your questions to Denver's newly elected mayor. What would you like to know?
Child's peace poem. RT : Children cry.The earth sighs/'Why do we shove?/We need more love'" Jamie Quibell
Girl just asked if -3 is more than -2 #weak #HowAreYouInThisClass ?
video isnt going up.. youtube doesnt want it up now i guess... so i will try tomorrow after school! (:
Go get 'em, Tiger! Wish I could be out there with you guys...
During the week early afternoon (But you can submit #AskZoe Q's whenever!) RT : what's the best time to #AskZoe a question
This is what happens when you're playing from behind. Bo could have done himself a favor by getting out ahead of this story earlier in week.
Two parts for a final? Tf?!
Power outage on the red line??
Her name is mrs. Hershey I don't know who would want to marry this bitch!! Lol
Great news on multi-million mis-spending by Tarrant Cty officials. Way to expose!!! Dale Parker
I'm just laughing :)
You are just an optimister! HAM got to keep the pole position.
I am looking for about 12 models....doin a fashion show March 24!
the name of that episode is " A woman's right to shoes" it's my absolute fave SATC episode ever!! I can watch it over and over
#SWFL place to be this weekend — catch me downtown at for some #cracker , #BBbann for #wicked #BBQ &
I agree - why make it so hard on everyone?
always will dude.
If I move I'll just find more sad kids. People just don't realize that they're doing it to themselves.
Learn from your mistakes. Realize that everything is a lesson in disguise. Forgive. And let go of the things you can’t control.
we hear you got beat up by a small bird today? If you need help, don't hesitate to call at (202)687-HELP!
That is good! You have to take care of yourself!
Didnt even have to use my AK, i gotta say it was a good day
Where theres a will, theres a way
Justin Coughlin had 14 points to go along with career highs in 3-pointers and blocks last night -- in only 18 minutes.
What do you think is the number one thing you can do online to accelerate any business?
I'm at a loss for words. Actually, I'm at a loss for nice words.
hell yeah we been yellin that since day one
I've learned that the thoughts in my head do NOT represent me
We love it and will post it soon!!! Thank you for a job well done!
Oh! Don't forget your and you're!
Im gonna #occupy my bed and favorite pillow now...
New plan
Good luck to and the UC Women's Bearcats BBall today!
We want to remind you that we are going to be receiving the "Fears" photos until January 15. Looking forward to see your work!
Do you need to yell at them or make a deal? :)
What is your favorite Mac product?
Another beautiful day & a bright and promising future IF WE DEVELOP THE MINDS OF OUR YOUTH THROUGH GOOD BOOKS - Indigo Tree Publishing
I'm happy that this day was so productive for me! I'm about to leave the studio and just watch a movie to relax. More work tomorrow!!!
Thanks Just went downstairs and heard 8pm and got a flashlight. This is taking a little longer than expected :/
Anybody wanna meet for a little karaoke and some drinks tonight?
Me and my sister was just talking about and then we see him on SNL in celebration of 100 digital shorts!! Congrats :)
Free...i need a drink
really happy =]
"It's 10pm, do you know where your children are?" In my testicles with the rest of my sperm. Too much?
Find a Humble Me hat at Chili's on the South West corner of Charleston and Ft. Apache in the next 20 minutes and win those FREE movie tix!!!
thanks. Ur right he's not we cardinal. In a meeting I said his name was "budget". I couldn't think of his name to redeem myself :)
the skinny blue fox hopped past the boring dog.
And also want to do some longitudinal analysis of the #99percent tumblr site . . . see if word frequencies chance over time. That'd be fun!
Wow, that is completely awesome. Props to your building managers on that one!
Joe Scott will be on FM 102.3 ESPN Radio with and this afternoon at 3:45 p.m. MT
Touch funnel...its not naughty
Live or dead? Can or should?
Aw! He hugged me today!! :D #FutureBoyfriend :)
Who wants to go workout with me today ?!
Got up way too early !
#FF Not entirely sure what this means but I'm going with it.
likewise Marnie - may your palate always be drenched with great wine (whenever you care to drink wine of course)!
Maybe I'll try this out again. Wonder how long it'll last.
In anti-abuse training from the Catholic Church, a condition for volunteering at my daughter's school. God, grant me serenity.
Attaining power ironically includes accepting others' directions to create space for your shot at small change
Or my early losses the inevitable opening chapter to the story of my road to immense wealth?
Deal Of The Day Nailwear Nail Enamel SAVE Nailwear Nail Enamel Strong wear with real diamond dust
My paper still isn't done..
Something tells me parking would be a Bitch.
How did it get so late so soon?
If students are to take control of their education, what role do faculty play?
Hi Kevin. Thanks! I watched yours, too! Great work! Happy New Year!
RT The lie about the #occupation is a lie that Goebbels would have been proud of.
It's time for the #Bruins 1st line to make an impact in this series.
yeah it's all good. Hat was the custom installment I saw on instagram?
thank you babe <3 love u too
hey what happened in the movie #50/50 i passed out 10 min in after spending 6 bucks to see it on vios does he live at least or die?
"Like" the video on the youtube page (:
really nice! Pretty humid though. Are you in Texas?
so i just got my school programed in my laptop so i can do it wihile iam on tour now im homed schooled starting tommorow
oh haha she parked the car inside...coz the exams were over by like 1pm soo I met her there :)
Excited for the elementary Fcat pep rally :D
-bows- YOUR WELCOME! I LOVE THEM THOSE DA IS MEH BESTFRIENDDS!
amazing to think people don't buy cars based on an ad on Facebook
Jacob the jeweler?
It wasn't me!
My English teacher just said "she don't comb her hair ..."
A good quote is worth a thousand words.
who is hot chelle rae? dude on the right looks like younger
To not have been home in the last 5 months is a record for me... Suddenly I've fallen madly in love with Kansas city!
RT : Thanks to & for sponsoring !
I should be a females last worries about fucking with they nigga....
not you your beautiful(: just some of the others
Blah!! Not giving a fuck!!!
a Madden guy from my hometown!
RT : RT : Twitter is boring today. Shall i go #offline ?
Brooklyn, what are you up to tonight?
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you can’t. What you’ve got to do is turn around and say, ‘watch me’.
That's a hot avatar picture, gurrrlieee!!!
not feeling well. Went back to bed.
hi hi
Life is a highway, and I wanna ride it;All night long.
Thanks for the birthday Email!(: loved it!(: thanks again
Fun stuff! Hope your holidays have been good ones!
music, music, music!
will you ever notice meh cuz boy I notice you(;
The new album from #everythingsfine comes out tonight check this album out its amazing!!!!!! =(
Ready for some football!!!!!!!!
Unless they find out I was born in Canada! But nobody in the States really pays attention to that stuff nowadays, do they?
www.williamsoncadillac.com www.agingbackwards.com www.monelgourmet.com were added to #TomorrowBook is your website logo on TomorrowBook?
Enjoy, my friend! :)
Outback flow
Dimmable LED lamps include R20,R30,R38 and MR16 styles in warm white and cool white ,and daylight kelvin temperatures
Also: possible ballot initiatives to be discussed at Tues #ChulaVista council mtg: infrastructure bond measure? A law to preserve parks?
Nice K Freddy!! Not get this hump Nick Johnson!!
Declaring it on Twitter: Before March 30, I will be marching down to the office and joining AFTRA! :)
#OneTime, YEARS 2!
shout out to Peanut Butter- Nation Peanut Butter Day
Got drunk and went home with.......OMG who the fuck is this? Better yet what the fuck is this?
Missed out again. Oh well. But the url to the sale was awesome.
Telling someone how awesome you are has no emotional capital for anyone but you.
#LetsDoThis stop lookn bck n go on wit my life cuz one monkey aint goin to stop no show
Are you saying that a money person might buy my prototype before it really proves itself?
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Daniel Chew °Rising 8th °San Francisco, CA °Travel Team: BullDawgs °Shooting Guard 5’3
Well, laughing is a good thing!
All individual cabinets are 50% off the marked price at the Washington Co. ReStore all month. Come start or complete your project.
I can't even sleep without them
Enjoyed the trunk show this weekend
dawg would u leave me the fuk alone for I blow ur $hit out
Not being able to listen to on makes me realize how much I listen to stuff on
Technological determinism or the social construction of technology: device-centric or thinking-centric?
SHOT. I should have made Harry sign '.xx" on my 1DVD instead of just 'x'
The only thing about the injuries that would really be relevant is that the prosecutor didn't mention them in the affadavit
finally off! Made bacon,eggs,& french toast for breakfast. Couldn't be that tired or just glad to be home. Time to get some rest...
o sorry to hear that I thought it was 1 of our friends kids that's why I asked
Just got a google reminder that will be in town tomorrow! Very excited!!
i swear I be feelin with the 90s R&B. I stay chilln and singing along when im at the apartment lol
Every mahomie talk to is so sweet & friendly :) we are a crazy awesome family there to support our idol
I will message you on tv then. :)
OK - I am trying again to be a good Tweeter. So far I consider myself a failure at this.
#Shoutout to ! Thanks for the follow hun!!
Awww #OpeningDay #MLB it's the only day where every team is in 1st Place. Let's go
mckernansports thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
are driving it all around the mall!! & the baby starts crying & austin goes oh shiiiiit. haha & we run to (c)
Sick of listening to so call sisters(black women...not all) say us black mean cant handle their being "independent". Bullshit I can't
Panthers is the first head-scratcher for me.
we got mrs oakes but nevermind...
Happy Valentine's Day everyone! <U+2665>
asked if you followed SAA on Twitter and a response was "I didn't know SAA was tweeting" I pointed out that other than #saa77 1/2
when sends me 17 picture messages in a row >>
Sometimes I dnt wana be just "your friend" !
Went to neverland in
There's a lot of things I would miss to see my team play in the #Superbowl. But my childs birth? That's a little
great group of young, hip musicians!
It was thought that UK was already off Jefferson's list. One to keep an eye on. Still probably a Duke lean.
we rocked 93!
will host open indoor fistball at Morning Star School in Jackson tomorrow Sun Feb 12th from 1:30 - 3 PM. New players welcome!
Gas going up or down tonight?
Happy 11th birthday to - the Internet term paper writing service. via
dont you live with 3 other girls? im pretty sure you can find somthin else to laugh at
Had a great night!
Does Donna Summer have a hologram tour yet?
Ok, giving a new try to this thing... Let's tweet :)
Happy 420 :) a day to smile and let the troubles go.
Nice to see the Cubs start the season the right way!
The way is handling the #bigShow, reminds me of how handles the interns.
i'm with her lol. greens? bleh!!
Connecticut is a little far but still we'd love to have you back to visit San Diego.
"It's so difficult for me to be happy. For everyone else, it just comes so easily, like they were born with it."
HA...thanks!!!! I'll still land in second, most definitely. Which is nice.
Now thumb wrestling
im literally heartbroken, i just dont wanna be here anymore.
Winners are chosen on Mondays. However, today marks the end of our Clear2Go sweepstakes. We may continue to do more, so stay tuned!
what's going on man. Just touching base with you again. Seeing about getting in with y'all and creating.
As skeptical as I was before the gorge, I find myself wishing I was in Chicago right now. Welcome back #phish. You were missed.
Acting classes can teach you to take the sounds, feelings, the emotions of others and incorporate it into a moment by moment performance....
Happy for Octavia but can't help but think it's been 73 years since Hattie McDaniel won for GWTW and very little progress has been made.
Micah pointed 2 #Vikings cheerleaders & said, "Mom,that could be you!" Hug or smack him?
I miss you too!! #comeseeme (I'll be honest, I don't know how to use hashtags) I can't believe I won't see you in Paris... :( :(
Falalalalala will YOU be my Valentine?
Yoo I think my teacher is out success
oh okay. Make sure your cellphone charged and call me. Dont forget!
Anyone in AZ have a slackline or know someone who does? Let us know.
Good morning! Here's to a fabulous Sunday, Cheers :)
Three words about my day. Checks. Blood. Nutella.
Kristina's never heard of Twilight ? Holy fuck .
Thanks so much! Glad you are digging that tune :)
The highest engagement through Facebook is from photos.
Finna gets this phone back on as soon as iGets off work ! ^_^
so we are super stoked to finish our acoustic ep next month : ).
The Smithsonian's Reynolds Ctr (Amer Art/National Portrait Gallery) also has an Art-o-Mat in the Luce Center. It's fantastic.
you wish I was a slut
looks amazing!
My meter does not get moved by Phil Mickelson. Never has. Never will. To me, he's just a completely uninteresting, standard, nice guy.
Johnston Health names suitors
Congrats to , who's transferring back to Clear Channel/St. Louis as OM!
And the beat goes on....
So excited for some on #glee!
Loved that book.
Jason's deli is here now!
Happy National Date Nut Bread Day
Pujols is no longer going to be wearing a Cardinal's jersey.
hahahah what a crazy day!!!
SO the vikes game was crazy!?!?!?
I inferred solid. He didn't indicate whether it was fresh or aged.
we'll run another in a few weeks
I hope we actually trend it like this :)
Great point from Noah Stephens: Too often we don't ask what the alternative to gentrification is.
Damn! Busey was a drummer! and a good one! played ball at Coffeyville Community College. Does he know "Bugs Henderson"?
Why do people resort to name calling and foul mouthed cursing if you disagree?Feel like you must win at all cost? Why?
I am really into carmen right now.
I had just listened to "Down Boys" yesterday...how very very weird. My condolences to the family. RIP Jani Lane.
Let's play Titanic. I yell "Iceberg!"... then you go down on me. -- Men's Humor
Click clack bang bang we in the murder business! Whats Louis my killas?
All fish-oil brands are not created equal. Necessary purification process varies from brand to brand.
PS Whitney rules the school.
Going for a motorcycle ride
Mixing at the studio tomorrow!! Yay! Check out my music && pass it along! Thanks for your support! <3
Do like, all nerds have crushes on me? -
OP mall for now though
<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> Climax song from (Usher Raymond)
BELIEF comes from DOING!!
Dope Joint
That works too!
like i said im moving to england or australia with my kids
He brought me kimche from s. Korea! I'm married to an angel.
The only real lawyers are trial lawyers, and trial lawyers try cases to juries.
oh yu fancy huh!
"Go." is the shortest complete sentence in the English language. "Lunch?" is another short one.
As I lay here and think about the day. It isn't the same without you. You'll be missed dear friend. Have fun in college.
RT : could not do what I do without the following people
tired and geekd
It’s not about time, it’s about choices. How are you spending your choices? Beverly Adamo
Cheekie my love!! Twitter did not show me this mention till now and I hate them for it! So sweet, thank you!!!
And the tying run is at the plate. This will be fun.
Went to the doctor and had to wait 1 1/2 hours.
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT IS LOOKING FOR SEXY MODELS!!!
never texts me back
They did the halftime show for the GB/DET game
is pissed that no theaters in Madison are still showing Star Wars in 3D.
And I even messed up that tweet. I have all of the frowns. All of them.
Rocking out to in my room with a BIG bowl of Mac and cheese. #Homealone :P
I'm ganna start my own tattoo in a couple of years after I'm done apprenticing,were gnna pay people to let us tat them for advertising.
& Y'all need to #Chill ! #Chill Will TREND!
Ugh can't be bothered.
It took me a minute to see what that was... thought it was some scat shit (no pun intended ) lol... child birth really is gross.
I texted her but she doesn't reply , I think she still sleeping :s
hm, yeah I think I do :o
Im ready BRAHHH
SO FUNNY tonight on Conan. Glad we found you. :)
Good morning fans!!! Did you get any new tattoos over the weekend??!
it was mustard
I dont wanna brag, but I'll be, the best you've eva had!!! #JohnLegend voice
Shop Diamonds & Pearls Couture
I am going to have to consider the reality that one of the cats has hidden my iPod.
I see you, Jim Jackson.
#Mr Swoope Artists Of The Year Praying that the lord gives you more wisdom...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALICE!! I miss your crazy ass SO much! <U+E405> I better be seeing you this summer! Have a great day boo:*
Ask permission when prospecting. Not everyone is looking for your opportunity. When you are given permission then share your information.
and all the #mahomiefamily (; love you both and i pray for the best for yall!(: #boymahomie :)
Thanks for the follow.
Success! After dozens of crashes, finally got through the Apple Store process an ordered the new iPad. Be patient!
what kind of ladies?
I'm A GRANDer! I Have That Vinny Virus!<3 Please Follow Me It Would Mean The World!(: Please Please Please Vinny!<3
This shit funny
it's hard to watch.
JURIES ARE DONE! AH!
Time to sort the spreadsheets
and now everyone... I am a big deal
I have too many shows to keep up with: #britishskins, #thelword, #jerseyshore and #glee. Thank goodness for #netflix!
Youu guys are great.
Order sent to Sarina in CA!
Sharon Needles is the clear choice. So original
An Orlando radio station is reporting that Dwight Howard recently called the Magic owner and told him he wouldn't play for Van Gundy.
RT : Staying at the ? Stop by the concierge desk for a flyer on finding #running routes in #Boston!...
Thanks everyone who came to the party Movies at 4 35
You know how Jason Bourne keeps on moving, no matter what? You should too. Bullet to the leg? Keep going. Don't think, just go.
Maybe if you were older I would consider it but I'm not rushing or going for anyone.
This is my first time using Twitter on my computer. I've always used my iPod..very different.
Setting up the last few things before launching the site!
I'm a little nervous that my acupuncturist may be stressed out. This will either be the best session...or the worst. (crossing fingers)
Apple wrote e-mails to a number of music industry executives saying it would soon offer longer samples for songs. Artists are not happy!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW NOW!
Beautiful day hanging out by the pool. Don't forget to use sunscreen everybody!
Enjoying discussions with partners re disruptive Cloud adoption and alternative services delivery for Law, Legal & Compliance.
You're absolutely right..I was protecting what I WANTED to happen. Completely jumping the gun. Have a nice day.
Been exporting files since Friday afternoon, only on clip 16 of 33. CRAZY!!!
congrats to who just passed his goal of $115,000 on kickstarter. can't wait to hear about production process and see the film.
Blahh I woke up late:P this sucks.
My cap and gown are wildly flattering. -_-
Retrain Tip: Add one superfood to your diet while subtracting one fatty food out. Use the weekend to prep!
so excited for show at terminal 5 in may!!!!! welcome back to nyc!
Last night was awesome. Thanks. and Lisa's sons. And that guy in the bear costume. Rad.
Woo-hoo!! Thanks! I can't wait to check out the show. :-)
Thanks for the advice! Registering is overwhelming. Like, what are condiment dishes and pasta bowls?!
I am not closing these eyes tonight cos it will not even shut down. Lol
that's very disappointing to hear.
3/4 tracks done and liking what I have so far.
Desiree, *flash, flame, flare, and glare* looks right
Does anyone have the .gif of Spongebob licking Nicki Minaj's ass?
i will be #foreveralone along with lol
Get your sweetie a massage. Openings available for Valentines Day!! Gift certificates also available. <U+2665>
Fuck you Ken you sending mad subs , in my eyes you a dub you don't get love but I love you doe bitch you contradicting ..
Haha yeah I hate that Too
Not sure I want to know!
I miss your gorgeous face!!):
thanks for a solid meal today!
Lmao hush! Where u play tho?
Finished PERDIDO STREET STATION. Loved it! On to the next in the series, THE SCAR.
From : "IU is hiring a GREAT basketball coach in Curt Miller. Along with Urban Meyer, he's the best coach I've been around."
Going out to grab some really good Mexican food and head over to the Girlfriend's Mom's house for whatever....
Yes! Far better production value; still, it's got the same vibe as both the Swedish version and the book/s, doncha think?
playing at Larimer Lounge tonight
just knocked out 3 miles, bout to shower and Skyrim. That's a win-win-win.
We're uncorking delicious bottles of Arbois from the Jura in France for half price to drink with our freshly shucked oysters!
tonight on !! interview with , Big Boi, and Slum Village with live in the mix!!!
but then she said things like we all have so much talent and we dont even know and we are all amazing and i just LOLed cause thats not me
I had my ultrasound because of the pain in my belly hope your ok
Philip Downer's talk was a call to arms to publishers to nurture the form of the book in the new environment. Powerful
She stay #UNDER me cuz she kno dat the only one over me is #GOD!
looks like I'm going to be super busy on 6/2
- Thank you very much for the mention!!!
I've told him that! But he feels he's wrestling against WP's blogging tools.
-- Thanks for the RTs! Have a great week.
ah fuckyessssss im so hyped :* a bottle each were gonna die haha
CF only reason we tolerate Cleveland. Very lovely place.
@ Lehigh kicking some asses!
Nice sunny morning in Seattle. Let us see how the rest of the day going to be :)
here i go,ready to study in the middle of night xd
I can't gain weight for shit 5 yrs ago I would've never thought I'd have this problem
It felt like i gave him a high five with my lips.
We're in Staten Island planting trees & greening the neighborhood on #ReforestationDay w/
When uses my suggestion to open his Small Sample Size song, how does that affect my score?
a coach purse!!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: ESPN Zone - Sports Bar (live updates)
Helluva job by Strop to get out of that giving up just 1 run
may need to.
Cities in Massachusetts, State of Massachusetts Cities ...
On my way to meet President Obama!
": Learn about the orchid with Amanda Bettin of at 1 p.m. today on the Garden Stage #HG2012"
ha, cool. Did you watch the iCarly? omFG
during my (re)orientation yesterday, it looked pretty good.
thanks for the follow! Do you have retail outlets or strictly wholesale for your pure Ceylon tea?
Hello Ingrid, Thanks for the follow on Twitter
BarIchi has the worst service ever! I hope you got free drinks out of it!
Watching Nurse Jackie just puts a smile on my face
Im sorry for my bro's loss . Smh ..
catching a flight back to DC in a few hours....sad to leave Boston but can't wait to see my boys!
Train, learn and grow EVERY day!!! Tests should come hard and often, if not, ur doing it wrong.
Happy Thanksgiving to ALL!!!! Please take time to acknowledge the people in your life & all that you have. Then say ~~~thanks~~~
Leggo Pretty Rickie, have some fun out there today with DJ “: #GOTIME”
i'll come
remember and love.
Oopsies you had a poopsies! Ha ha
Must really head to bed now.
"The first time I loved out loud was when I said your name. It came from my lungs and it rolled off my tongue..." Fave lyric
Some reasons that fun can improve quality of work -Fun improves communication & breaks up conflict & tension via
All the work will be worth it though! Looking at a 2013 graduation for my B.S. #library school
Happy Monday everyone!
My cracker jacks do NOT have peanuts. I'm ticked. At least they still have a garbagey nostalgic prize :-)
This is the big question isnt it? How do we fix it if we dont have resources to get ppl invested in knowledges to effect change? 1/2
I am almost positive that I havent seen a single film that has anything to do with Oscars this year. Am I lame or are the films lame?
So happy for going pro!! She came a long ways , very proud of her! Good job and good luck with your career! God bless!
Who is he e.e? Full name Please?
I was always a third wheel with you and your boyfriend but I never complained. Your 21 years old. Grow up and stop acting like your 12.
Hey What tool does Tyler use for billing?
Make sure you get one with enough space for weekend couch surfers like me!
guys did somthing happen to Roc because its going all over facebook that hes in the hospital. tell me its not true
Ok :) I need to go to the mall.
Attn. California Genealogical Society members: group photo today :45 p.m. at registration
Whoa look who's using her twitter! LOL. Gone was great and you know it!
Happy Tax Day Philly
hey Madison(: so you should hit my follow button cause YOLO.
congrats! the day we mailed mine, my dad took a picture of me holding it and wearing a Miami hoodie :)
omg! When I worked at Bdubs I was only working till like 12, 1am sometimes but THAT is insane. Why are you working so much??
Traffic is for the birds...sheesh!
It;s between Jessica and Phillip. The finale is next week
RT : Today's Lunch special: Linguine in a Parmesan Pesto Cream Sauce w/Grilled Chicken, Artichokes & Cherry Tomatoes ($15)
you the same!
I'm offering a special deal for those fans of the Three Imaginary Girls blog - check out their facebook page to find out more!
#ThingsIHate Over opinionated people who wonder why they're single and lonely.
: on the section symbol macro - did you get the link that sent you?
I am litterlly crying laughing watching this ridiculousness.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
take on Boston again at 7pm. Catch the action 5$ selected domestic pints 4-7pm!!
Cutting social programs to fund defense is saying we need more protection for the people in need so no one kills them other then us
high draft players in small markets on tms have a window of about 4 yrs to build a championship team or those dudes will bounce period
ES CEO Bob Lenz: " is proud to be on the Gloria R Davis campus living up to her legacy: to educate all kids at high levels"
Here is the latest Massachusetts news from The Associated Press - NECN
Why do I always have the urge to watch The Graduate? #favoritemovie Someone please buy me the DVD
relations.creation.incarceration.determination.equation.humiliation.reincarnation.situation.
Any magicians from the Magic Live! convention heading to Wonderground tonight that may want to share a cab?
No problem. Your tweet prompted us to add a question to our Q&A, so thanks for bringing the issue up.
Day 3 of the Cleveland Hard Hat FAM and we're still going strong! Next up, breakfast at the InterContinental.
my fishies name is sonic :)
Your practice of underhandedly sending more lessons after purchase is devious and I will never buy your product again.
I keep it real.. nothing like you actors do..
& shouldn't parents b included in the pd process-so every1 understands what exactly is being assessed?
Why do little kids feel the need to look through the cracks in the doors when I'm going pee?
did you make reservations at commons?
Epic summer weekend- rollerskating, go karts, waterballoons, bbqs, microbrews, marshmellow roasting, soccer, and it's April.
Wow I think J Lo wins best performance of the night! That was amazing! So much energy!
Danny tells us how yesterday went at home.... Hm....
I think Sam is really into this show he is watching.
This coming weekend we will be adding an Electrical section on our website. We have PVC conduit pieces, resistors/capacitor and much more.
Idiot who yelled that out
I love the fact that sent me an email letting me know that our presence was missed.
I can't even sleep , so much on my mind !
Batman or Superman or Spiderman?
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 24
If only every week was a short one!
Cool. What's up at the Brat House tonight?
go to ground floor, exit, take elevator back up.
Joy Behar's Drag Queen Revue
I hope you stop by!
#NYR Congrats to #Rangers DOMINATING third period !!! Definitely the better team.
:'') anything for you sis!! <333 and THANK YOU!! :') love you infinity and beyond beyond!! :)
Jazz concerts awesome....to bad I got homework left to do
hahaha chicago's not porn world! I'd have to go to Cali for that :p
“All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you ever are in need of company for either places let me know! I am always up for or
#OLTL should have been the one renewed.
giddyup? would love to hear your thoughts!
#Syracuse is amazingly fast on the break.
Warning: when I tweet it's usually hot and heavy but always awesome!
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher for the new year! Call me, Email me or Please see my website: w…
time to go to math :-/ be back on later tonight
I really started writing music to challenge myself, to see what I could write. -Amy Winehouse
What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
We waiting on you in the A bruh. You have a lot of fans down here!
if a man dont respect his mom most likely he he aint goin respect his woman .
Happy birthday!! partybus!! tuesday!
Been a great day! I feel like I got a good amount accomplished. Yard work, laundry, chess, biking, etc... Off to bed.
wuz good bun..do u have a email or info to where I can send my demo too..?
We'll be passing out demos at the RED and TFK show tonight! If you see us come say hi! We love talking to new people, and old friends too!
I like them too.
The authors at the #sljsummit are so nice! Making conversation, personalizing books. :)
-LOLOL! I have a special ruler just for that purpose!
okay, let's do something.
"Do or do not, there is no try"
Nice update ! Go get em !
downpour in the capitol city...and the lightening is fierce!
oh man, another day another place, I need a vacation...
Material Dreams.
lol. Google's a perv ... Just like teachers at my school xD
The wrong vocal mic can fuck up a disc like nothing else! Experiment, not everyone is great with microphones so ask A LOT of people!
RT : definitely EL DIABLO DENVER on s.1st at Broadway! Amazing Nachos Con Chorizo!
Been relaxing all day today. Feels fab!
: why not ask about plans to provide more mass transit instead of dumping money into endless road projects?
shaky what's good my dude dm me that number
If you drink don't drive. Don't even putt.
Let go of the bunny
Ha! Obviously not "blocked" enough b/c you are spot on. Lol.
#thatawkwardmoment when you're packing up your stuff and you mom sees a pregnancy test... Oops
I'm at Making Broadway Musicals: Artists and Scholars in Conversation at Princeton.
nahh too fattening
Sounds like my lil sister..
The work of Thomas #Kinkade, the processed food of painting.
I love #Rihanna We fell n Hopeless Place
My dream would be twitting me something cute:3
If you're free my dude.
You're welcome, oh wise one!
Amazing start to my day(:
Next week may be Black Friday, but it's also #smallbusinesssaturday! Support us and other locals-:) We heart you all!
Killer swim photo series. I used to swim competitively; you captured the mood well.
#daytona500 is reminding me of all the fun times that will be had at the All-Star race this year.
You should not be taken pics while you are driving that is dangerous!
What is this for, when is it needed and what do you want to do???
Phones allowed in lunch now..... Oh Heck Yeah!!!!
One day out of nowhere she said "I'm glad u r my mom. When I was a boy my mom died young, and my mean grandma raised me."
Breaking news: Anheuser-Busch President Dave Peacock is resigning, replaced by Luiz Edmond, the brewer's North America zone president.
RT - Miami Dolphins R the Old Lions!
Cupcake invasion ! Oh
You're welcome!
U Rocked the Fox Oakland ...were u penalized for going long???
from the looks of your think you might have that headset a little too tight. cutting off oxygen to ur brain.
You should of told me!! I was done a little bit after you. Your mom was worried. Haha.
15 hours left with DEVONthink. Baby, I just can't let you go.
Sent the audio in for the next video. Working on audio for the third!
ancient Egyptian art is one of my favorites. they did all that with their hands and it's absolutely beautiful
I'm nowhere near as awesome right now, as I would be if I had a ninja sword.
Hopefully not the last time RT : Unsuspected drinks with and Twitterless Kyle Mastey tonight. Success
Why does your nose run and your feet smell?
Too many shows and a wedding today. TOUCHÉ AMORE IS TOMORROW. Well them and Crowbar across the street.
The more I hear, the more convinced I am that Andrew Young was the problem. Cheating on your wife is bad, but what Young did is slimy.
Blitz team is more excited than ever to watch the #NFLDraft this year...
You going to be there at Teen Hoot? Great I will get to meet another great wonderful performer. I love your music! <3<3<3
Happy 1/11/11 everyone. Make a wish at 11:11 a.m. and 1:11 p.m. (You still have an hour to think about your first wish.)
Thanks to all who helped put together the #awesome new website!!! www.ascentium.com
4. every single one of my followers!
#RIPDirectionerPaula <3 You Will A L W A Y S ! be Part Of This Family ' As A Proud Directioner :')
hi there. I just wanna let you know that you're the luckiest girl in the world. Treat him right please (: best of luck!
- showed my son this pic. He says "does that guy in the blue shirt make bad choices?" Bwahahahaha!
Sandow Media acquires Fred Segal brand New York — Sandow Media, parent company of Furniture/Today, has acquired the worldwide rights...
RT - I'll be in Kingsland, GA near Jacksonville, FL with the Jaguars cheerleaders on Saturday! Check out vickipalooza.com...
Old people are funny
Things I learned, the people that party at the ica also take fashion tips from watching bravo reality shows.
But the word bama for us southerners is "fuck nigga" "fuckbowy" "blockhead" slutmouth, etc. We don't sugar coat shit.
At Clifford's in Hales Corner with and some Stritchers.
;) good to see you on Twitter. Have a great weekend.
Am watching last night's #OnceUponATime. As always it's one of the best shows on tv.
Not sure if this has been answered, but yes we are -- and I believe we're getting our review copy tomorrow. Week or less? ~JDE
We thank you! :) RT AT&T helped me get through college through an AT&T Academic Award! Thank you for helping so many others!
Check out my music www.myspace.com/tneptunemusic
Alshon Jeffery has better hands than all of our wr combined last yr, & oh yeah, we got Marshall too :)
Hey UConn defense is permissible.
My fitness center is PeCKs. (Everything in CKville has CK in the name.)
I'm learning thins here . . . Soap on a mosquito bite
We agree!!! RT : #Foodiechat Will Do!! Da Bears and food, what more can a woman ask for?? Lol!
how u know echo
get some Boobie.
Pre Ordered my book (on cd) like a month ago!! Email from amazon came today said 11/3! So excited!!
just another day
LAST DAY OF CLASS.
Great seeing you at the #StillStandingATL premier as well! I'll catch up with you next week.
“: racist” hey, I have black friends, right
Thank you to our business partners who raise $62,000 at the Northside Education Foundation golf tournament yesterday!
Spent the afternoon at , thanks Taylor! What great insights into student learning. :)
199 Twitter followers. 200th person will get a big shout out from me!
You know your obese when you look down and your mouth opens up and your tongue hangs out...
Sometimes we do too much. Have a seat.
Good morning loves :)
Our band is performing at tonight from 7-11pm! See you there!
#bestsexplace home a nigga respect you he won't take u anywhere he would take his hoes
settings for Vignette app needs to save original so you can see full photo to edit later in another app.
Smile for no reason? There has to be a reason. It's a secret though :x
Make your dreams a reality, its nice to dream but nothings better than actually seeing those dreams become real
yes please! Yummy, sucha cute. <3
having a beer at college station pub. nice arvo outside. cheers
Why does Brian Berrebbi keep following me around The Sundance Film Festival #Price Check
dang phone that was supposed to be a thank you
I'm so tired but my mom wants me to vacuum #ihatechores but I still have to do them.
My mom just got a Twitter account.She's so hip and cool
you're perfect
makes me think microsoft is a steal for its price and the potential of html5 and irrelevance of hardware and displays.
lol, yes. Why you ask? Lol!
What do you fix your kids for breakfast?
Your twitter is so dirty you need tune up lol
I failed my restricted test by one question -__-
i like tumblr
Thomas place on University is what you've been looking for! Call 612-703-RENT for more information about leasing!
My erratic ass parking lol
An affirmation however ardent, unless followed by massive action is but a wish.
It looks so good! I've been working on ours and it looks no where near as good as yours!
RT : Motivation comes & goes, like waves. You can use each Motivation Wave to make good behavior more likely in future
bad...bad
You're not kiddin......that is SWEET! =D
because I'm a first year architect student
Working at home is a lot like doing homework, turns out. Just more fun because I know it'll get put to use!
Please, please, please start wearing one sequenced glove and sunglasses out to the ring with that jacket.
soon I also want to get you @ my new Thursday night club!! @ Heat Ultra Lounge in Anaheim my grand opening is March 1st
Im so nice of a person, I hate when ppl try play me like I'm a joke
bdubs is awesome!
I'm still trying to figure out what went wrong, but bday are suppose to be remember!?!
: Mrs. Smith, took a look at "The Vow" and my girlfriend Racheal MsAdams was awesome as usual. But it wasn't a tear jerker.
glad I locked my clients in yesterday AM!!!
One latte and a cup of coffee later, I STILL can't wake up! Damn you #DaylightSaving Time...damn you.
Yes, I still have you down! Anytime. And time to become a Pack Fan? Hee hee. J/k
miss u too!
i feel bad for babies who's moms give up bfing at less than 6 months so they can drink alcohol?? Come on moms!
Dogs who are hyper and insecure around people and other dogs, were mostly not socialized enough when they were young
As the world turns.. But I wish it would stop and let me off right now..
It's a sketch comedy show in the works right now. My friend and I are trying to create. It's gonna be a YouTube series
Can I Get A Follow Back?
Everyone go to on Ridgeway between 4 and 9 today and support !
Will do!
Bring truffles as a gift this summer, it's a great guilt-free gift that no host or hostess will turn down.
is now registered with the
Congratulations! Well deserved :)
That pole got my head <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0080>
hallå! /waves :) Hope all is well and warm in Linköping!
Getting ready to read Leonardo the Terrible Monster via Skype to 1st graders!
I can't wait to find out what happened to the Kahlessi's dragons on next weeks
The miracle is not to fly in the air, or to walk on the water, but to walk on the earth. ~ Chinese Proverb
When your think your hungry and you start cooking food, then when its ready you decide your not as hungry as you thought.. <
haha oh I know!!!
Trivia Question#6 Who was the first and highest ranking African appointed to an official position after slavery?
Looking for lots of iPad 2's or the new iPad? We can hook you up! We just quoted out 225 of them to a #Baltimore client!
Sometimes, I hope that's exactly what they'll do.
hey!! so u and Tybear r fighting?? TEXT MEH and tell meh whats wrong:)
thanks for tweeting Livehoods!
Mmk then just ignore me.
An old friend of mine had sex with actress Maggie Grace, and now her career is still flying high
Watching Meet the Press, Chris Matthews, & Fox News Sunday. Shame on those who don't believe in equality and leverage race for Politics.
*JUST ANNOUNCED* July 27th - GWEN STACY w/ Lower Definition, Mozart Season, & A City Serene @ Bad Fish Bar
I'm hungry.... And can't wait til the 8th grade dance
Nude is worse! RT : Nothing worse than a ugly chick who keeps posting pictures of herself on Insagram
Craving triple chocolate cake for absolutely no reason at all!! Cant tho, im on a diet!
lol... you want to hear a snippet? DM me your info...
RT : learn to appreciate what you have before time forces you to appreciate what you had.
October is color or stache month
heyy!(: I got new phone we need to text again!(:
You made milkshakes? RT Seems to be a party in my front yard..........
Jayson Nix? RT : I can't tell who is up, all the boos. Wonder who on the #Yankees that would be?
I will and so will everybody else because people love you I love you
Good Morning! Tonight T Gozney Thornton performs at Sealy Flats, 630pm! It's not too late to join us! Tomorrow is T's Birthday!!! :)
Learning how to make gang signs at work. Time well spent.
Oh Healz YEAH!
Love you Susan!!!
i do that so much!!
File Manager Free
I picked you to win last night!!!!
Call me a geek, but I love the
My thought processes are changing for the best...
“It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man.” - Jack Handey
barbs tweet us and tell you friends to follow we will hook u and your OOC brother up LOL
Bonus! Get the new Small Business Case Studies eBook (right) when you register for the webinar
Only 4 days left to pre order your boat tour for this season at www.PortlandBoatTours.com!
Anchor Heather Myers falls HARD!!!! Safe and sound, but still can't stop laughing!
I'm still cleaning myself off after my nerdgasms during The Avengers.
Thanks for the follows! Have a great weekend!
RT : Sample tweet to get you started: Healthy mothers have healthier children.
We were in agreement that there's easily another collection just from the proposals that we didn't have room to accept.
uh no
Lovely blog post. Love the "firsts" theme.
i'm on it! eek, stab stabb
DRAKE DRAKE DRAKE DRAKE DRAKE DRAKE DRAKE DRAKE!!!!!!:D
Stretch your ad dollars with us! We are affordable! Get more impressions and higher-impact #advertising at a lower cost for your dollars!
5 times in last 3 hours.
FiOS is awesome! How long are you staying on the west coast?
keep me posted . My birthday this month on the 26 dang but please pretty please keep me posted love to see n hear u . Mwah
is gonna be LIVE on www.sa-urban.com at 6:30pm CST. Pop a few drinks and check out the show!!!
This whole series shouldn't have ever been made hahaha.
Do you have any Kleaning needs?
After a while they all seem the same
My new updated website is up and running. If you wish to see some exciting new works! Please have a look @ www.michaelinem.com
Carson and McMahon. Broadcast pioneers. They invented the late night format.I also cried with the Bette Midler song.
just checking... I know you will hop in a flight in a second... LOL
Just bought a feedback buster and some heavier gauge strings for my Martin D28. Not used to the bottom end!
About to play PKR $1k Freeroll while doing my Sociology paper...multi-tasking at its finest...which one is more important? Hm...yep, poker
That was good
We still have private and semi-private rooms available to rent for Super Bowl Sunday. Contact Jen 480-368-0369.
Yes, it escaped my notice, too, Actually came out back in December! I'm about halfway through it, really enjoying it so far.
At what point is the romance novel industry going to tell Fabio that it's just getting
Beastie Boys SO!!!! Sorry for you guys!! Love Ya!!
Still waiting.... The end is in sight, though! Big crowd?
Listened to ur podcast about Cincy fans hating UK. I totally agree, if we compare ourselves to Yankees we must accept the hatred.
We know ur rich Mitt! Show us the taxes! It shouldn't b a big deal
what your like two years older then me? :p so shut up! :D
Swoons!!! The BB Creams that grant you a shortcut to flawless, beautiful skin are finally here.
I know! So sad. RT i miss universal mall! that area has changed so much.
my doctors got canceled for tomorrow
Bet you didn't get the Norfolk State game right! What did that do to everyone's bracket! Greatest upset since Hampton. Go MEAC
Running errands in preparation for 's arrival!
Great point. I'm not saying KG necessarily should've gotten MVP, but the fact he didn't get a single vote is what irks me.
Don't forget who's taking you home and in whose arms you're gonna be. So, darling, save the last dance for me.
the f*ing Jemme. I think I ordered 8. Jemme kin me drunk!
When Lightning strikes, Jets are grounded. GO CHARGERS!
text me
Hope your day gets better!
thank you... plz pray for my silly kitty Page...
Im ready to party!
I love it!
I'm trying to prove a woman was named after a baby who died 8 months before she was born in the 1880s.
hahahaha u guys are funny :) am sorry yall I was just trying your Patience. For real am sorry man it won't happen. Again
I've got a ton to do today, film YT vids, clean, organize, grocery shopping, then cooking dinner tonight fir company....
You break into my car and take my owners manual and first aid kit but not my hundreds of CDs? Smart criminal...
You'd think I learned my lesson by now...
I know the feeling! "And the workaholic crawls into bed at 4am.. smh! I couldn't help it..had to finish a new song"
R-Truth to become a face when he gets back because Vince McMahon sees potential in Little Jimmy merchandise. I think this is bad
unfortunately, Kurt was also a cuddler to Scott as well. Poor dog, although I think he liked it.
Bout to get this party started at Palmer House in downtown Chi!
My iPod is teaching me patience by being so dreadfully slow to do anything.
So what if the #Steelers 2nd round pick is a cheef monkey, if he can block and dominate the line, I'm happy.
me ass....... u have 530 + followers
I think Y2J, then he defends the strap again Punk at Mania . . .
I know I could have been doing some work lol
any news on Axl performing or even showing up at the hall of fame induction?
Today is the last Friday of my high school career.
be nice!!!!! Hahaha
Everyone thinks am South African......read history
Coffee, show me a good time!
Another beautiful day in philly for #pla12! Excited for booth opening tonight. Stop by booth 945 for lots of galleys!
Best freebie of the day... t-shirt from the
RT if should do a cover of Not Over You (:
Looks like they found a way to genarate Commisions out of air , or swapping spit.
Are you speaking of tree ribbons?
Love listening to at #sdsms he's got a lot of good stuff to say and has the right mix of humor!
Another #drupal rant - I also now have over 120K spam comments in a forum despite having had Mollum up and running fine six months ago. WTF?
#Str8LykeDes.... Learning, retrieving more knowledge & wisdom as I get older...
i wish i could !!!
lol I'll check it out
We prefer wheat as well
Law don't go around here law dog.
Finally all moved in with and !
Watching Smallville =D
So was at the light and heard shots fired ive never ducked so quickly! I was looking around dude in car nxt to me doing the same
Pullup Game is Disgusting!
BRGO IS GONNA RUN HARD FOR THR NEXT FEW WEEKS! Q3 FINS ARE EXPECTED TO PRINT WITHIN THR NEXT TWO WEEKS! BRGO 10
Blah blah make money be happy :)
#miamiheat beat the Bulls! Woo Hoo! Lebron - we love you!
Fujifilm diversifies to include everything from cameras to skincare
I have got to b seeing things. I just mentioned good humor icecream and now I see the truck parked across from the park I'm in:-)
aww shucks! Thanks loo
Fuck! I think my face burned a little -_-
Our first 4G LTE phone is now in, come check out the Aviator
Well first facebook, then twitter, now instagram!!! I may have an addiction problem.... Anyone else?
#10confessions 1. I love justin bieber
Mini LA coffee tour, always love , great capp from , and a 1906 from
I said: "What you mean by body count" He went on to say: "The amount of bodies she slept with" -____- smh
Thats why oam not gonna follow you Trick ass yes I said TRICK trill thug out!
SO to my daughters & Kat16 on playing for the Wis State Championship for the U16 girls. Girls kick some butt
How did Rost injure his quad sitting on the plane back from London? Is that for real? Unbelievable!
Keep the weather away Mike, I know you can make some calls.
Groupon ; evening daily deal begins today. Will only sale 10 per day
I'm smoking on that gas
: "Please take me to Macy's, I have no clothes for tonight. If no one takes me, I'm not going out!!!" <--- uhh what????
Liking the direct outreach from today
much better thanks, and you?
My dad talks a lot about horse racing. I can't really hear him with all the wooshing going on. But I can feel the vibrations of his voice.
New post: France's Beaujolais region, 2009 is a standout vintage, arguably one of the best in the last 50 years
Listening to the radio about to got to bed goodnight twitter fam
How do we reach you?
my friend turned into a mahomie (: she listened to 11:11 and thought you were really good.
Hey lola!
Amen RT : Katrina death toll between 1,800 and 4,000; Tennessee floods have claimed 13 lives. Analogy may not work.
I friggin' hate editing my shit tight enough to fit on Twit. grrrrrr. (sigh) Must spread my sunshine, not my shit. That's what blogs r 4!
Thank you! RT : Congrats, on 125 years. Proud parent of an '09 Alum.
Just launching social sites. Fun!
I've somehow acquired a bar seat
Why did I agree to do this???
Does your kid need a boost in confidence...YAT WORKS...www.yatkids.org...check it out...
Beyond excited for you 2!!! RT : and I thought Valentines Day was the perfect day to introduce BABY GRAY!!
Dec 23 rush hour, the line at is all the way down to the end of the store. Last minute shopping at its best!
More and more encouraged each day. Getting closer to a reveal for #version7 looking forward tongetting back to
Hey! I haven't been in a long time...I mix it up with exercise a lot, maybe this summer I'll go back!
Hahahaha that I did
My coworker asked me to meet her at a bar near our work, turns out its a strip club.
You in #Vegas yet?
I love spending my spare time at the library
:( bummer! “: #Brewers lose. Final score: 8-10.”
When you think 5 years ahead, don't just make business goals. Make goals for your whole life and how your biz fits in it.
She so kool she give head with her shads on.
is having a meeting tomorrow so I will not be attending! We send our best wishes! Congratulations to Bob!
As a community of startups, startup supporters, and the like. What are your thoughts on the Instagram Backlash after acquisition?...
really so u was right by me and didn't tell me!!!!!
my company is looking to hire an experienced graphic designer (print and web). let me know if interested in more info
Grow up!!!
Don't you know that you yourselves are God's temple and that God's Spirit dwells in your midst? 1 Corinthians 3:16
He came back in the TL lol RT : Right.! RT : Ctfu he knew what it was
It's a lonely day
RT Illiteracy is the rootcause of every problem! So what's the #rootcause of Illiteracy?
I attempt it sometimes, but never in public.
dude? Text back
My brother, hah. Um, he's a sea man whose deeply lost and at sea, I fear. He's lovely, though. But he's not Ed.
My current fave green drink: Wheatgrass juice, lemon juice (no lemon bits), apple juice.
The cure for a #shittyday and #pms, a good cry on a long drive and
White widow under the Verizon tower
O wasn't that a pretty one !!
jersey shore is my guilty pleasure! I need your ringtone "oh yeah" can't stop saying it like you
I laughed when I heard it too! #MaytheFourth be with you!
Wow! Amazing drive! Are you kidding me?
Yes, it is systemic. Let's change the system!
New music coming soon...
": Fool Our Prom Is May 5th" I had forgot. I wasn't gonna go but i just might
LOL! thx for sharing RT : “: Marriage is the only war where you get to sleep with the enemy.”
will you please follow us? we are a new fan group for you! :)
YO GIRL, turn your skrillex down. it's not even 8 AM.
#AMERICANIDOLSPOILER #SPOILERALERT WTF teenage girls! Did you not vote for #idol this week? COST ME SO MUCH $$!
Following back: HELLO!!! ;p
sure you are lol
Just a Little Hoarse or My Little Pwney.
A. Chapman reaches 103mph on radar gun at game!
Hoppy Holidays! As a thank you to everyone we offering free downloads of all our songs on RN please have a song and enjoy, ho ho ho.
Really not sure if I want the Heat to win the championship because I am a fan or to shut up Charles Barkley once and for all....
"We have so much discount blood." (#dareproject chatter)
thanks, you are so helpful! I'm still at work, debating when to drive home.
he is a real cool person to meet I met him twice
The down side to working with all ladies! I can't talk #SportingKC w/ them...
#Mathai better kick some butt! Her version of "Rumor Has It" is the better then Adeles
It's wear your sunnys at Sonny's night. DJ will be pumping up the jams
Another great yr for us in the books! Final numbers: 118 broadcasts, 16 away games, and record listenership! Thank you. See you in the fall!
This weekend is really sucking!! I miss him to much!!<3/:
There are far bigger fish to fry within the realm of liberal ideology than Bob Beckel
Once again, I have managed to wear a light-colored shirt on a day when I'm going to be hauling dusty print volumes around.
heres a ??. if Pats lose. how big is their window for another title?
Better the long way than the wrong way. Trying to be patient but I hate to wait.
no it was this random thing we walked into at abilene, turned out hilarious, can't find the video though
Sure thing, man.
Somebody asked me why I go to school. I asked them the same question. They said they don't. I was like than why the hell am I going.
Hi Shawna! If your still job hunting, u can go to minorityjobs.net and make your resume FREE! Also have a job board! Julie
Who wants a playoff when you have all this. #BCSFakeChampionship Oregon/Wis was a way better game than this. Bring on the playoffs.
We're looking to hire an Interactive #projectmanager, dm me if you know anyone in the Richmond or DC areas
Enjoy the rest of your weekend..Come by tomorrow & receive a pack of THC capsules w/any $25 donation! Our strain of the day is White Walker!
application... I mean if that fails then ill still be able to room with my friend but I think it'd be awesome to room with 2 others
Switching between the GOP debate and the Betty White bday special
taking a day off today... Oh my, I have so much work to do today!
Yeah thats so very true.... <Zee>
Finally - Geez this day has been AWFUL when it comes to computers...hopefully things will go well during coverage of
A life of leisure and a life of laziness are two different things.
sub in 1st period <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I could never be 100 dependent on a female if I eat or not. I gets my own money, won't turn down no extra. If stress comes with it keep it!
These fucking kanker sores are gonna fuckin kill me
#Weber et al., In Fire Forged: Worlds of Honor #5. Military SF space opera shorts set in the Honor Harrington Universe. A guilty pleasure.
are those lyrics?
Watched east coast 30 Rock live feed (loved it). Now watching west coast feed.
This is the inner beauty of sports and competition, and it can serve us all well as adult athletes
how many days till okoboji I lost count?
#oomf Too Gorgeous
RT Not a fan Don't waste your money RT : is deer antler a performance enhancing substance
unless they think you want them. which is never the case.
Lazy day.
Smooches!! And to you too ladies!
OH at : Do you know what this sundae tastes like? What? Another.
Nice job at the anchor desk this AM. I'm sure there'll be many more to come.
On vacation in the NW w/ a friend from home. Tough decisions this week: which books to read, which wineries to visit, which coffee to drink.
ill link you in a few minutes
Good luck #Tunisia!
will do. Sad thing. I know where all my money is gonna go now.
I learned it from life, didn't learn it from you. Just because I don't show it doesn't mean that I'm through.
Toddler: why do people cry? Me: Sometimes because there's a difference bet what people want & what the reality is. Toddler: whats reality?
Hey tweeties! I can't wait to eat :)
#mscdeng3510 no class meeting on Wednesday. Check Blackboard this afternoon for instructions.
It was so good to see my show choir family yesterday...You all did so good...love you all!
/// YEZZIRR! RT : chopped it up w/ today. #thelasthope is in the fullest effect. stay tuned..
girl nothing at all about to grab some food with my fam. Ain't Memphis in May this weekend??
- I've heard - congratulations!
idk if this is ever gonna start..
Laying down.
Im just going to go home and sleep.
no interruption - hoodie allen it's my jam
After '99 UCL final, I would not have expected ManU to LOSE a title on 2 stoppage time goals, to say the least!
#contacts ;) ": #TheStruggle RT : lookin at the tv w/ my glasses off doing Cardio knowin damn well all i see is a blur"
Thanks, we agree! :-) RT : TWIN ANCHORS ON SEDGEWICK!!! AMAZING FOOD
Girlfriend, I'm a proud Texan. Wink.
of is on stage at #CitizenBiotech "Democratization of #biotech is important"
Hey hey! Nice job on the story Becca! PS - moving closer to you, hang out soon?
Watching and I love she is an awesome actress and so funny!
Good catch, though.
Forever Product of the Day: MPD, concentrated, liquid detergent. It cleans everything!
Conference sessions at #ASW12 so far are GREAT!
Getting settled in for talk about Facebook timeline.
My fried chicken sandwich was two (drastically different in size) chicken strips on a bun.
Don't hate God for not giving you what you want , Thank Him for giving you what you need .
I feel all washed up.
Sent my last text so uhmm night night peoples <U+E13C><U+E13C>
sounds good. Let you know when i get back south this week.
6/7/12 marks the Time to #TEDxAdMo. The Topic: "Forces of Change". The Reason: You and Me. RT to spread the word!
Boy, he should be a politian. Talk about the SUPERBOWL not the other stuff til next week!
you're welcome! I love getting involved w projects like this too and look forward to seeing your finished film!
Starting tomorrow will have Brew Dr. Kombucha on sale for 2/$6! Sale continues til the end of November.
you both should just both move to DC.
AWFUL. At the one hour mark.
It's all good. I've been slacking off on it myself.
For training I mean. Looking for a trainer.
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade. When life gives you Horny Goat Beer, make memories.
For the record today, no reports to the 311 line in Pittsburgh about unplowed or impassable streets.
Off to the Fox theatre to talk with the director of "How To Live Forever". Looks like a very funny doc.
Not planning the next trip quite yet (: Planning vacation tends to take a backseat to planning work stuff, ha
Tracy Morgan is a funny as Steve Harvey
Another SXSW concluded....happy to go home in the morning
You are right! I told if I can help you guys next year, just let me know. This is a powerful event you all have created!
Good Mornin Ladies & Gentlemen,
yup, played on "before & after science", "another green world" and "taking tiger mountain"
little tired, but i'm fine :)) what's new???
The good news this morning: No line at in the Merchandise Mart, Its a ghost town in there..Snow Schmoe
i love you Livi :)
Success is based on perception and nothing to do w/peers. God created u successful u just gotta perceive it!!!!
if you haven't yet, go check out the horse lamp in the lobby.
Need A New Vision for Your Company, Need Some Graphics for Your Next Promotion.. Has all your answers. DM ME
“: Im just in a shitty mood right now..I havent gotten any I was suppose to do today done.” -- sheesh <U+2614><U+2614>
I'm working so no Mifflin for me...
Finished the Face Lift of the Home Page www.itsartnotstuff...great feed back...working on a Face Book Widget this week..cause ItsArtNotStuff
Fuck it im playing women now a nigga do right shit never work*
Correct. Sorted by distance from the coordinate in your request.
Hey guys I have started my own funny pictures blog. Check it out www.ModernJunto.com !!!!!
oh yes! just had the best donuts in my life. :D
Smoke until it's all gone...
Maybe I'll go golfing tomorrow.
I have an official golf lesson on Thursday afternoon. Of course, my only question to her was "What do I wear?"
yes ma'am I tried to work both but I couldn't but I'm getting paid more
Making fashion photo animations
sorry should ask what aspects u r interested in
Psshh... Karen is such an idiotic
how's your fingering?
Good Morning :-)
did you look it up or anything? You should. Decide that shit for yourself.
there was sauce inside the breading.Not sure what it was but it was tasty. Jamon Manchego sandwiches with truffles were crazy good.
The "X" by my name in the picture was purely to show emphasis. I did vote for a full slate of 6 candidates, myself included of course. :-)
Which Eagles draft pick/free agent do you want as our next Twitterview subject? Had Cox/Kendricks before draft so they're out.
Lakers or Nuggets?
Yeah to bad :P And i would hang with you to . you seem awesome !
thank you!
Love me some orange drink
How's everyone's Saturday? :) #BeSafe out there!
and she goes la la la la la shes got the look! :P
thank you!!
Dear #Faffcon. Thanks for putting so many great voice actors out of commission for a few days. I finally get a shot at winning an audition.
Last night in the 20's... Kind of depressing but what a fun decade!
It's gonna be god
Sometimes it seems as if there isn't an entire country sitting between Boston and San Francisco.
I thought it wad bad for one day.. But I can't imagine how bad it was for you!
If anyone wonders, J Cole has the idea of what rapping should be...
Glad to hear it was good - can't wait to see it!
Miami better get it together over this halftime break!!
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one. - Dolly Parton
We're overbooked - so sorry!
step boys got it they did their routine in a mascot flying in the air and shit it was nice
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> precious cargo
Their keeper is all-time MLS leader in GAA. Of course, he's not behind the Galaxy defenders now.
Eating some chicken ramen noodles. Um um good ;-)
Do u think Starks is going 2b a weapon (even after grants 1st good week) vs.denver or do I go with Benson or is he losing momentum
nice well have fun & be safe!
cleaning my room like a madwoman because in less than five hours I get a new bed. AND CLEAN!
You are indeed an angel with whom I have been in love with ever since our first talk. <U+2665>
Happy Birthday my sweetie!!! LOVE YA!!! <3
How can people of any gender or ethnicity use bike lanes if they're inside watching tv (& eating trans fat)?
RT : Don't forget - First Friday THIS Friday from 6-9pm
agreed but i take it one step further: even when devices work perfectly, we still have plenty of drama in our modern lives.
Dear people in my mind, you all need to chill the fuck out so I can sleep. Sincerely, The Owner of This Body
I'm all sweaty right now. Austin sweats alot when he performs.
yeah I know me too!!
Shoutout for shoutout? Only if you have 500+ followers please.
Suggestion – First, Give thanks to the people who brought you in to speak and mention them by name.
so if I don't have a lot of followers that means I don't love u? :'(
Really feeling very good this morning
im excited to see what janet has to say tonight
No answer guess.I'll wait til she Call me
Respect experiences. Respect user effort
Oh! Sounds m!!!
hope you enjoyed it!
Sounds like a plan!
i really miss the days of bob saget on america's funniest home videos
#TheyNeed2BringBack surge, all sport , rocket power
MOS WANTED CREW.<U+E022><U+E00E><U+E418><U+E10E>
To the fans waiting outside: we will get you guys! I'm so sorry. The photographers ruin everything and were being such jerks.
Its a small world after all!
Can I put a moratorium on animals in band names? There are so many, my brain is getting confused
Alright, I'm less worried about the lack of lighting now. A customer just said it made a nice ambiance w/ what limited lights we do have on.
You're invited, Jen did say it was ladies night. Just kidding buddy! Lol.
no she just needs some encouragement! Maybe my+K for her was a nice little push.
Reason #9 to join us at the Gallery Aferro benefit auction on June 16: The beautiful William Spaulding Quartet will be playing from 6-9 pm.
Happy birthday, !
thank you bestfriend come on guys I need more followers and help my bestfriend 2
I love metaphor the way some people love junk food.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. -Beverly Sills
There's always these secrets.
Come over and eat a Meatloaf Sandwich!
no problem! How are you Matt?
What's your beef with Intel? Are you being paid by AMD?
Exactly. Too many independent contractors...none of them good. Time for Hoyer to br a GM.
yes his account looks hacked. Who is that?
OMG, THE ENDING. I FKN CANT.
Doesn't flop RT : No idea... RT : Not a rip on Melo, but why do you think he doesn't get star treatment from the refs?
Staffed the shelter, ran 4 miles, and walked the pup all before 8am. And before coffee. It's going to be a productive day!
Forreal??? Let me see. I was going to take you, but that's more fun.
P Sherman Wallaby Way, Sydney
what does "losecond" mean???
#ItsInsaneHow I'm always thinking about you
Aww Well Happy Mother's Day anyway! You're awesome!! Hope your day improves!
Will check it out. Thanks! Too bad no tweeps in room to share that with!
Body: Let's take a nap. Me: Sounds good. Training calendar: Let's hit the gym! Body: No nap? Me: *begrudgingly puts on workout clothes*
Does coffee or soda help or hurt you to stay hydrated? How about alcoholic drinks with water or soda?
"Gage hit himself in the mouth with his phone hahahahah" -__- my life is a lie, yall.
lmaooo! Your such a bo$$ haha!
I wanna go to walmart and get cotton candy so bad!!!
Listening to for news. We WILL have a show announcement whether there's a wildcard for us or not!
Had my hoodie pulled. up strings pulled tight , rolled up in a ball on the couch , 3 hours slept .
Congrats you are the sweetest Glad your on the #Tigers!
LV was awesome! Great time with team and attendees at the Super Retreat!
eledcrfop sorry I just typed that with my toe. I didn't wanna pick up my laptop off the floor but as you can see it didnt work
Tossing the softball, playing catch with = great summer evening
#FridayReads Gotta get through THE WENCH IS DEAD (Inspector Morse, Colin Dexter) before Monday Morning Mystery book group meeting.
Wish this pain would go away! Its makin my mood shift!
It was a great article!
So if we have bigger brains than average, even less energy than average?
Getting ready to attend No Dog Left behind - lets reunite some soldiers with the dogs they cared for while in Afghanistan!
Hypothesis: the future belongs to the weird with a work ethic
You can lie to your friends, you can lie to yourself, but you can't lie to your heart. The one that is for you is out there somewhere.
Unfortunately, it is not publicly accessible. I can let you in tomorrow if you give me a couple hours warning, though.
what for?
I LOVE YOU.
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 4
pats4life no matter what
I can't wait for when #2NE1 performs in the US!
Mom: The neighbor's enormous Christmas penguin fell over. I'm glad.
Why is the day of Christ's crucifixion called Good Friday?
gasp. Eddie Murphy will not be hosting Oscars. sad.
If you a gold digger be 100 about yo shit bitch, dont try to trick me....
Welcome to the race Rob Halpin! As you know, Rahm can be nastier than a beaver with bedbugs in its beard!
been talking some real shit.. can't retweet everything.
Hate having allergies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I got one as well, but I can't accept the Music user agreement; the page doesn't display properly on Android browsers.
Thank god for twitter at this hour, otherwise i wouldn't know a better to way besides sleeping to ignore this cat Travis
thanks hows your training going?
On a brighter note GO SPURS GO! Memphis or the clippers? WE SHALL SEE!
Back like in the 1900's things where SO different .
There is a taint of class warfare to this #Healthcare debate Labeled Anti-socialism Poor must suffer and "learn" to work hard like the rich
Yeah, dude. That's why you're telling us about it on twitter. :-)
Don't do this to me.....expecialy in front of someone like her -_-
4:20am here in Germany ? Time's running so fast outside the school !!!
wow.i got to class on time! :o
#herestothemindlessgirls who will never learn.
This Sunday Easter! what are some of your family traditions? Egg Hunter, Dinner, Mass?
Lol! I'm just taking a back seat! I've driven for so long, thinking that I was in control. All along I, never was, but HE' always is...
Books should appeal to all of the senses - James Reid-Cunningham..
RT if you Love Zayn Malik, i will follow you :)
The mind ought sometimes to be diverted that it may return the better to thinking.
I was once a Jonas superfan.
Actually there are 20 of us in Mr. Bright's. Learn to count. :D
Learning today about a professor's research into bone and hair analysis. This should make for some intersting stories somewhere...
I have a feeling that one day we are going to look back at some of these videos and think, "Wow we came a long fucking way."
Yay! I'm still awake!!RT : Welcome to #TeamAM! We're happy you're joining us this week!
Got a speedy street? Let me know. #speedbusters segments is coming up on its 4th anniversary!
Rope swings>>
ariana your a awesome beautiful singer you should think about making y our own songs :)
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
when they started Mick Jagger up, he never stopped…just sayin
Your a worthless gutless pig.
then I'll forget to put it in
Broadcasting Games live all day on Listen in. Eddy covering games nationally for Yahoo Sports
and Monday will be a good day for bringing in some delightful leftovers for your morning show family.
“: But really: *must* I defend this thing?” Yes.
Thx for the follow! Those Raspberry Jam Thumbprint cookies sound divine!
Engl. PhD studies in contemp. global novel, new media lit/theory, post-postmod. narrative theory
Which one? I'm driving!
in a sea of authoring tools...Zebra has my attention and my curiosity peaked.
Trying to organize some things for the new home, but things have been delayed.....
Never let someone esle's rain shut down your parade. (aspire 2 inspire b4 u expire) Let's get it :-)
awesome interview on ! Really want to see Newlyweds now
Weekend train service will be the death of me. 2 hours to get to JFK from my apt? You gotta be kidding.
Football? Damn.
I had a nightmare that I was attacked by a spider. In the nightmare, I tweeted about the spider attack and was retweeted 42 times.
I"m not sure -/
God morning!
it's insane. Driver actually laughed at me when I asked why the lights mean nothing, then asked if I was from NYC
Honoured to have you following David. Looking forward to your tweets on
I told Austin about that ^.^
. . . .So, Checkitout and enjoy some real good music!!!! #TEAMVIP (Very Improved People) >>LEGGO>>
#know12 Used to be that best technology was at work: now it's personal tech. Increasingly about UI/UX, freemium approach
Jared Blake: interview from the voice at 12 noon CST. Nixacountry.com
He almost did a porno after Happy Days ended. Not saying you should open the conversation w/ that, but fyi in case porn comes up.
Excited to be back home for a few days this weekend!
u had him on the first cross CP3
sometimes i wished i lived in my fantasy world. lol
Hit. the. net
Follow my hair page
#Terry & #Barea COMBINED will score less than 40 total points in a series against either #Chicago or
"Sorry you were just ousted as mayor of your ex boyfriend from 1.5 yrs ago's t-shirt shop in a strip mall in #Omaha" haha, cool
Digital Empire Hitting Reno Nv In Nov !! GONNA SMASH ON NEW FACES!
thanks bud that means a lot
RT : "If you don't know what you want to do, how do you know whether to walk through the door?"
thank you Amy! You are the best! :-)
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 17
Without trust, words become the hollow sound of a wooden gong. With trust, words become life itself.
If you try to tell me I cant, I will sure as hell try to show you I can! If you think you can't you never will.
Anytime! RT : Thanks to for a look at Looking forward to its launch 4-4-12. Also, thanks for feeding me.
Help retired players with medical costs, but please do not tell me that these players did not know the risk.
yessir, they do
lunch next week? Thursday?
Menudo cook-off/car wash/ toilet program. Azusa Band and Pageantry needs da $$$. Haha. What a great day :)
I ain't sayin you a hoe But damn bitch, you a hoe
Um...so they're only going to campaign in states that HAVE voted?
Get down to Lunar tonight for some Pre-Valentines Day celebrations!! I'll be downstairs all night!!
Ah!!! Packers!!
you've been on the wrong side of town with hondurenas then !
thanks! and TileMill are amazing. The server side of things is still pretty intimidating, but it's a fantastic tool.
I wish I could be there. Had to choose between ALA and LOEX this year. What's your presentation on?
In the studio today .... delightful!
I've never really been one to leave well enough alone....
Gooooooallllll!! #WorldCup #USA way to go Alex Morgan
RT : "If your work is not fired with enthusiasm, You will be fired - with enthusiasm" - John Mazur So very true!
damn all the seniors in my high school are hot
Trying out some new marketing software, please bear with me.
We're done with practice for today.
Genealogy Boot Camp is right around the corner in Lapeer Michigan. Learn your how from A-Z. Oct 6, 2012
oh.. awkward... missed it by like... a minute.. haha
is your friend.
all I want for xmas is for you to notice me.
what are y'all doing?
If #press can get story out of #Bahrain if #protest turns violent, #F1 maybe good publicity for the
pass to Turiaf dunk
Yeah definitely!
thanks girl! see you in a couple weeks :)
The aroma of "NoSaleSmell".
I gave her two flea baths a few weeks ago. Now I suspect she's trying to tell me she likes baths? No idea. Weirdest cat ever
Super important question is Pictage throwing a party this year at #WPPI ? That's my top fav thing at convention!
The joys of working in my office.
anything to help
True! Ha I try to have fun even standing in heels for 4 hours. Lord That was a mission. And I get it from a seatfiller site.
When someone says they have to ask you a question, you think of all the bad things you've done recently.
done w/ assignment 3. finally. amazing how many ampersands can sneak into a URL! only(!) 102 errors for me, jackieo.
After wise counsel, please use #rbms09 to post comments re: the RBMS Preconference
tell your mom Happy Mothers day from all the ICONiacz
no lol I do too!! Lmao girl
YSP encourages the integration of the scientific process with the learning process
My internship is definitely teaching me the importance of having good/strong media lists!
u need to come visit but I kno you met a hawaian dude up there
There's a guy on my train who sounds exactly like Cleveland from Family Guy. Am trying not to giggle.
I thought it was pretty blatant. I was like say what???
Me and my gram are cool now(:
Come check out our northern lights!! $225.00 Ounces any strain!! Mix and Match! :D Open till 9 :)
oh nice
“: Why are flies so FUKIN FAST?!?!” why are you so slow?
that's what that gotye video reminded me of - this beck album cover.
Do hispanics vote? says numbers are rising but there are a lot who don't vote b/c they aren't registered or aren't citizens
what u told Jessica
riley is such a slut,bella is beautiful and the smell of the hair dye today omg
Next stop, ESPN RT : two sports in one tweet!
You know its great when you have to push the bed back 6 inches to be against the wall. :-P
happy 18th birthday<U+2661>:")
Rt! Great 2 see u too! Excited for launch
No problem. I always forget about this chat but now I've plugged it into my phone so I don't forget. So many great ones out there.
I really hate today
thanks for the RT, did a great job!
Listening to Neil Goldman's videos, consumers still don't know how to or if they can join a CU & don't think they're convenient.
lol no this is before service
ok well im gonna go :) byee
that's our understanding as well; VERY disappointing RT Leahy's bill (S.193) unlikely to get to the floor
Why especially w/ Dick Clark? What did he do that was so horrible?
you know that wedding you got invited to? said he was marrying me, so go kick his booty;) jkjk
Can we add "whiz" as well?
Tonight in #Denver come by zfREE live music with Acoustic Come get your funk on!
Many thanks to everyone who came to tonight's Craft Racket. You guys are awesome for supporting and sharing with each other.
like that's the most aggravating shit ever. Like people claim their bisexual/lesbian but never went out with a girl before o.O ..
WV: I-81 South (near Martinsburg) CLOSED at x8 with a SERIOUS Tractor Trailer accident involving a School Bus and a passenger vehicle.
do you like twitter?
ok, I'll allow it. the UVa colors make up for all the cooties.
Bren Bataclan will be signing his new book tonight from 6-9pm at the Porter BerryLine. He is the creator of the shop murals!
you're just subconsciously embracing being a civilian, lol!
Work all day today. Then resting tonight. Work tomorrow. Then schoolwork. Busy end of semester.
honey, is there none in house...or is this a specific need for "the usual" Grande Americano w/ room?
Soo glad to be doing Violet again, can't wait to start The show!!! :)
similar debates took place in the 1970s when Congress worked to revise Copyright Act - interests of cable TV giants v. locals
just text me when you're off. We will probably still be around.
All my favorite food places are closed on Sunday. :(
I just signed onto your website, now I'm looking for an immediate #Expat position in
OMG DUDE I HAD THAT IN THE LIST BUT I DELETED IT BECAUSE THEN MY TWEET WOULD'VE BEEN TOO LONG. FUCK!!!
Good morning TWEEPS!
Chet Millard: All workers deserve the freedoms to be in a union and collectively bargain.
I'm really enjoying Mad for Foucault!
This damn guy is pissing me off!
Thank you Velvet! If I tried to do everything you would I'd surely end up in the hospital, Lol. Hope yours is just as naughty
If you attemp to flop that automaticially makes you a bitch
Today's soup: Creamy tomato and garlic. Don't forget
IF I WAS YOUR BOYFRIEND ID NEVER LET YOU GO
No One Taeks Things Serious... Lbvs
Back in the great state of Georgia! With all our iPhones and other assorted igadgetry.
lol I do
Grandad Turner cd out now!! Fred Hammond, Derrick Horne, Calvin Rodgers, Phil Feaster. Frank McComb guests. It's hot!
Lmao RT : "Hey baby, I see you have a bra on, maybe I can put my face in there." That'd work on me .
Jesus told the disciples He was leaving them His 'joy', which shows He probably kept a good mood. Is your Jesus always angry?
After being ad-free for several days now, we've finally contracted a new ad system for WebCamWindow. Ads will reappear soon. Much safer!
luv U NOW GO TO WORK B4 I GO TELL OLLIE
"....Forget Mike, nobody even really knows why he works so hard, it seems like he never has time, because he writes evry note, and write ...
Niggas be in the club flashn they reup money
Yes, I've already suffered. I want you to know, that I'm riding on hell's hot flames. Coming up from below.
Darn! I hate the scale I have! First it says I gained. Than I step on it a second later and it says I lost. Than I step on it again and (c)
Thanks so much for the suggestion! Maybe we can model after theirs...
I was up all night on these realignment issues, and just one thing is clear: I can drink milk and eat cookies all night long.
The weird part is I wasn't even taking photos. I was just holding it in my hand. Museums still have a long way until they "let go"
Omggaahhh I need a long vacay. Stat.
Damn! France is stomping Canada! #world cup
yeah RT : That Dave in a dress shit was way before he decided to leave (like mid-season two N shit)
Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart as working for the Lord, not for men. Colossians 3:23
This guy will never learn...neither will his brother.
is there anything u don't like Lol
Have you heard of a Baker's Breakfast? It's a mix of bagels, muffins, croissants and signature breads from our hearth.
12 hours ago
I can't even imagine what people did at red lights before cellphones
Shouldnt have unzipped my Bookbag in class for that pen..forgot i left a skunk in there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
simulation needs #lordstanley in long island
My shirt today: "Writer's Block: When your imaginary friends won't talk to you." Those jerks. Okay, I added the last part. ;)
Excited. For me, I like taking risks & creating my own destiny. For others, I worry that it will be hard for them to adapt.
no problem and thanks for mine :D
"Americas sweetheart, Lindsay Lohan!" YES.
I guarantee I will meet more "U of L fans" this week than I have in my entire life.
I miss my good friend
Tonight, we are young
Lol Im going to bed Im tried I have to print out this stuff and hit the hay!
I can't wait until you get the fuck out of my house.
Its official #ForTheLoveOfMusicATL is now on Twitter. #Follow our radio show & tune in Tues-Thurs from 12p-3p on AM 1100!!
There were only 94 pitchers that threw enough innings to qualify. Did you miss the qualified part of the post?
<= laughing fuckin hard! RT : Lord of the Rings #describeyourpeniswithamovietitle (I'm having way too much fun with this lmao)
Hello Blondie, what type work outs are you doing and how are you today?
we have 143 followers ! I love you.
Gordon Dunsire; exploring the 'MARC Swamp' and its "primordial soup"
omg heather! Hope you're feeling better!!!!!!
I know your probably thinking oh no she didn't, but i just so totally did
great KC show tonight! I loved the line u used to open in New Orleans - hilarious!!
where in Asia?? I've traveled it well : )
how are u cutie?
fingers crossed AND I'll just start locking down locations, making room for trailers. I'm gonna see this flipping' movie.
yup crazy huh
CAnnaBuddies are so cute! go check em out! google em!
I only came to school because I'm in charge of pizza for my STaR party. Otherwise there is no point I me being here today.
As much as I loved the Cowboys, I love #TeamKentucky even more.
I'm not a working editor so everything goes at the grammar rodeo.
set my grandma up on facebook :) she cracks me up
Single Single Single lol
Lightning. Hail. Thunder. Rain. Best drive home ever.
Guess what...instead of flying back straight to CT tomorrow, I'm going to Indy to spend it with Steven for New Year's/his 23rd bday!!!!
Lisa Wingate-Dandelion Summer Beautiful book!
I love america
It's our pleasure!
No more lunch hours at Tutto on Old World 3rd St. after May 1.
wow thank you!! :) we have a new cd coming out! Pre sales have already begun, and with a pre sale you get a free download!!
no jersey girl..:)
Oh ive never heard of a boy fan boying
come to vegas!
Delivered just in time for my case of flu: "Paul Blaisdell, Monster Maker," bio of the low budget makeup-n-fx guy (AIP, Bert Gordon...).
RT : Dinner is over and it was so good. Thanks and !
yes. You did that last night. But you forgot the shutting up part.
I'm officially registered for school.
Excellent school. He must be a smarty pants like you. And yes, you haven't lived until u have a plate. Come visit!!! :)
#NOIData - For efficient IDing: start at highest scores and work down (also motivates volunteers). Granular scores for granular grid. Nuance
Having dinner ready thanks to when I get home, makes the long school day worth it.
Nova eyelash extensions , flirty eyelashes last up to 3 months tweet for discounts
About to walk into my closing. So nervous I could puke.
haha you play video games
and not get thrown out! Lol
Stop, No, Dont : #3turnoffwords ( I prefer, No, Dont Stop! )
Where's the one of me and James? :)
Gal pal Rachel Green
I quote: "hey girl, later in life I shall be a charming, utterly spherical zero, but till then I'll be the 6 to your 9"
It's beautiful outside today(:
we got a pack of librarians hunting for some fun. What/where tonite?
Dumb & Dumber. Never gets old.
agreed, overblown piece of shit.
of course you can! And just for the night!
Medium 1-topping Pizza & 6 Wings for $12.99, pick-up, dine-in or delivery, Monday-Sunday. Plus 99¢ Pizza Slices Monday-Thursday 10am-4pm.
am attending #PINcamp on Tuesday. Would love to connect in person
what is it
thanks to for the Darius Miller poster!
Was chatting with my friend about Israel and a guy nearby chimed in and said he's from Jerusalem.. Now I have a new conversation starter!
I can't believe this again smh!
More homeowners inquired about a refinance this past week as interest rates improved. Refinance activity was even higher than a year ago
Happy Birthday to you then. Hope your day was great!
HOLY SHIT , take ah picturee :b
I saw Lesbian Ballerina Fight Clublast week. I mean Black Swan.
Happy birthday to havent seen you since like 8th grade... Hope your doing great! Keep up with your music kiddo. God bless! <3333
Wear your powderpuff shirt tomorrow!
hey Josh are u a #mahomie too? Just want to know :^)
When's it booze time?
3 weeks ago, Chris Kreider was playing in the NCAA Championship. Unbelievable.
Sundays at UA... No one gets up till 2.
haha, totes! Found some really nice Brazilian ish tho'
Well, it's #restaurantweek and we're looking forward to seeing lots of new and familiar faces!
follow and RT and u may win!RT : hello i would like to know what are we supposed to do to win the wonderful cd?
that's deep
#Paleo FAIL of the week... coconut and almond flour are not a substitute when it comes to gravy. Must find an alternate...
I used to chase money... BUT GOD!!
thank you elizabethh , c:
It's a Swiss fuckin' watch.
If I misuse image macros and rage comics on facebook, would you know it's intentional? Does it matter?
Anyone near Mankato have any hail pictures?
#ThingsMyParentsMadeMeDo clean the whole house if i wanted to watch tv
Oh, you don't run through that mud ditch. You crawl. On your belly. :-)
senior year goes fast man!!
We're looking forward to your visit! See you tomorrow!
This is so creepy and straight out of a Dilbert strip.
wrong this was before drake came along, when drake was still jimmy on degrassi
Watching Veggie Tales with 2 very awake children.
no, but you know what I mean.
I'm never taking 18 credits again
I can't wait to live on the east coast :]]]
Comic book nerds are to funny!
true how are you liking it?
First day of work and I'm already employee of the month.
I've never been jealous of you until now.
What you feed your mind, you become in time. - Pastor Danny Chambers
When you tell a friend of mine you don't like me they will respond and say she don't care!
awww! thank you so much for listening to it!! aw!
hahahaha you and dad!!
i bet lol
I miss you megs!
Ben Santer of Lawrence Livermore Lab elected to National Academy of Science for pioneering #globalwarming work. GREAT !
oh my lands love, I have done that before. and turned solos into duets. what are you singing?
where you at?
liked it!
My first name is Elisabeth.:)I don't like2tell my last name for privacy reason's.I'm assuming your name is Gavin.Nice2meet u!
Happy mother's day.
RT Think I'll just go ahead and pick Kings to win the 2012 #StanleyCup, and '13 and '14 just to be safe.
Having fun with the questions ? loving the anwsers. Got a couple more lol
Congrats on the excellent presentations today Crisis PR
#makeitcount Work my butt off--and don't worry about what anyone else says is possible.
the card scans and works, but when I tried the balance had just dropped to zero. I'll try it again later though
I'm sorry I'm not gay
The doubledoodle is the crisis no one ever talks about! Thanks for addressing this! ;)
Finally called my landlord about my water pressure. I've had it with the low power showers, not to mention odd sounds emanating from pipes.
i really want to welcome all my new members and tell you all thank you very much!
wish you got further on the voice! please continue making music, I hope to hear more from you :) ps- love your glasses ;)
#edc clusterfluffery getting here, but just excited to end a great trip on a high note
I just asked Paddington what the difference was between Chewbacca and Bobafet (sp?) and I think his head exploded
Well, he is scary. Look at the jaw on that guy. One of my fave Disney movies:-)
Baby YOu light up my world like nobody else
Captiva's South Seas Island Resort kayaking nature tours and Sanibel Sea School must go this summer
On way to NYC duo recital with wonderful y. Hanani cello
Congratulations on the 6th MOTY!!! Now get that ring my man...
Looking on the bright side of life-we like that! Hope U enjoyed UR bar! RT: But on a positive note, sunbelt granola bars >>>
School today...ughh!!! #don'tmakemegoback!! But imma look better than ever!! #gonnarockthisbitch!
yes, perfect!
No. Where are you going with this?
Cooking with mesquite reminds me of a campfire...ok, gotta plan a camping trip soon!
Visionary of a company, asking us to Think Different. Brought life to toys, fish, monsters & a simple desk lamp and ball. Thank you Steve. <U+F8FF>
who wants to drink beer tonight?
Why is it that stupid people think they are smart and want the whole world to know it?
It feels good to be on Twitter again :3
I think I have a lil crush on
Baltimore! Free breakfast at Ikea, Saturday Dec. 26 until 11am! Whao! No purchase required.
happy birthday kim
bah. Dressed... It's taco bell.
I give, she gets, without giving anything to me.
“: Jeepers I sweat more on the subway than at the gym. I'd give anything for an unlimited taxi card.” // They have those in NYC?
moving on in, moving on out, nothing can stop me.
If only they walked a mile in your shoes.
Evernote is one the best apps!
Go UNC! Need them to win for to win some money in our pool!
I wanna make sushi <U+E043> >.<
The t-shirt predates the commercial, but not the dance.
DROPPING A NEW SONG TITLED "POT CREEK" ONCE WE GET TO 100 LIKES!!!!!
Little Bill>>>
Everyone keeps telling me that the right guy will come along. I think mine got hit by a truck.
A great life
Happy New Years!!!
Thanks to for the Linked In recommendation. I hope all is going well in the South. Love ya. We miss you in Chicago.
you just wait until the 18th. You're gonna like what you see. I guarantee it
Taurus's are speak how the feel && COULD CARELESS Who's feelings get hurt
ya sure!(:
My last retweet in order of occurrence... , , , and :)
I can't. I love her too much
Waiting for a table to eat the best burgers in Madison.
I hate my day job.
Beyond jealous
#ImWeakFor a girl wit her money right that make me wanna get my money up so i feel dominant
Some people say that a wife can ruin her husband if she doesn't give him stability in the home.
Welcome to Twitter. Sit down and get started. :)
S/O to strong campaign volunteers: and others not on twitter and those of you scheduled for volunteer time.
Missing two people today and it is so quiet... Calm before the storm??
ha yea I was starving and I told my bf lets go to whataburger.he ran into cruz and Cruz gave us like a 50% discount(:
finished my novella Claimed By Desire, now I'm on to editing. It needs much editing
Robert Pattinson looks like a movie star from Whoville. (via )
I'M TOO LAZY TO TEXT YOU BACK BUT YOU KNOW I'M AWAKE NOW
As I See It column: A new journey for Saugus begins on Winter Street
Remember kids, POPPING YOUR COLLAR IS WRONG. So very, very wrong.
Missed the late bus by literally 10 seconds -_-
Just sneezed so hard I'm almost certain I broke my hip...
special shoutout to my team Boston Celtics & my husband for the win tonight ..
Thanks even though it wasn't a very good game :p
Bethlehem, PA. What a place. Now off to find baby Jesus.
Trademark Search & Registration Services. Assistance with Federal or State filing. Email or call 800 221-2972, Ext. 570.
Congrats to on 's new home! Our Gospel Choir looks forward to celebrating w/you TODAY! The fun starts !
On land, yes. But most of the earth's surface is ocean, where blue is considerably more common.
Don't rain on my parade!
Anyone knows a certified Roofer? please call Tea Pot Lounge @ 303-656-9697
I now live outside of Philadelphia. Need to visit Boston soon!
I think Smackdown is overrated, the matches are very predictable, too much talking and in the end, the faces always win
Huzza, huzza to and and all ALSC elected book people!
Meryl Streep is such a classy lady and an amazing talent. Congrats!
There's still Yakima at the wine source in Hampden, as of about 6:00 this evening.
"Sorry I'm not being myself lately" </3
with a great story, got an exclusive from the brewer
The best gift I got for Christmas was being able to spend time with the people I love for another year. #Thankful"
you're in politics aren't you? Make it happen.
Yahoo! paid 4 firms a total of $160,000 for lobbying in first part of 2012
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont justin bieber ...
flyer is unacceptable. He coulda told us that paper is for another area and just happened to get in the Geauga area but no.
Swing w/ Jeremy Schrader & see footage from ur fave Rat Pack films @ 's patio launch - bringing something Neu to #Memphis!
Sarcastic people<<<
Good afternoon :)
follow him!
How much is paid by who is up to the conditions of the trade. If they release him, they pay all but the prorated league min. (more)
check ya email... sent some heat
Giants ending the eagles and jets seasons
Just want to thank you for all you did during the RISE Up taping in Dorchester this past summer. Changed lives.
Rucker: Current law works. Districts have a lot of broad latitude to remove teachers from the classroom.
I can't wait until I finally meet you!!!! All the other hoes not going to matter.
Happy Easter! Catch up time. Lunch? Drinks?
"Guys like that will try anything once....even love," ah Jessa.
:Thanks for following!
Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Soiux Falls..Winds possibly gusting to 50 mph
Students at Millsmont Academy finished their #digitalstories about their love of Oakland and their solutions for the challenges it faces.
Narf, been busy and I think I'm addicted to FB :)
SOLD OUT! TFOS Dinner at #ARVO2012 is at capacity. NO more tickets available! Safe travels & see you in Ft. Lauderdale!
no you are!
When I'm online, Justin is offline. When Justin is online, I'm offline. When I'm sleeping, Justin RT whole universe!
I hope you're feeling better! I hate that you're sick :( Praying for you!
u mean SCAM newton lmao
Back to the bay!
With the guys!
you are RIDICULOUS ... that seriously looks professional!!!
She pop that pussy on a Monday.. *Weeknd voice*
You are going to let a little snow keep you from your Friday night out are you? Come get warm and toasty with us!
haha thanks! Cats and pigs go good together.
OH: No, Chomsky retired, but he's basically undead.
Lou Williams......He's gotta be the last person named Lou.
did I miss the Doug Fir show?
Wanna get a hair cut
#wonch Hard to connect with audience while slides advance, relentlessly. A problem with the genre.
26 percent must have overdrawn checking accts.
Dwight, welcome to twitter :-)
I can't wait for the Olympics to start!
is this what kids these days are saying?
Diddy’s Son Justin Combs Signs to Play Football at UCLA -
If you're looking for a comfortable, laid back space with great beer and delicious New Mexican soul food, look no further!
I used to have nothing...now I got a whole lott of everything
Plz mahomies go follow my lil bro he has 3 follows I'll give a shout out and he follows back
Getting Married? Join Fran Hansen at Hilton San Diego Bayfront One Park Blvd San Diego, CA Friday August 19 also Sat and Sun Low Prices!
#madison Louder. Good gestures, posture, poised. but LOUDER. There's a lot of drama in the content you can use.
Sounds awesome..how is the club scene in Indy these days?
HBCU Students EVERYWHERE - Should be tweeting #HBCUAwards come 6pm tomorrow. Make sure rase attention to the African American Community.
yeah I hear that - KU has Roy's number in tourney
Seconded. #toteshilar RT : #FiveYearEngagement is hilarious! Had so many laughs tonight with some awesome roommates!
My sister going to a social, I remember the one time I went to one of those, its been soo longg
Here we go -- #SOTU #edreform wind up...
Thanks for the mention ! I haven't read Olive Kitteridge by Elizabeth Strout yet, what's it about? will check it out!
Cheese don't move like it oughta.
What's your favorite handbag this spring? Check the blog tomorrow for all the details on ours!
- Thx Bettinelli...let's catch up next week.
ugh seriously?!
Practice looks light tonight.
: You're very welcome :))
Lee doesn't understand the importance of tweets.
Goinq to spend time w/ my Family Today!!!!! Cnt Wait......
This way we can display our nonsensical back-and-fourth banter to at least 10 more people than we usually would.
Realistic and accurate information on mass media- Dr.Oz, TV shows, Epi-pen commercials, ~ would be a nice start!
Gotta imagine the Garden went nuts when they saw the final score of PHI-CHI.
Why cant we personalize it in the US? :/
RT : who can pick me up and tack me?
Watching star wars episode 5, what a crappy looking Yoda!
Thanks 4 the RT : RT Anybody need wine storage? I know a guy...
good :) not expecting anything less
Noise music panel w Katie Taft + Reproductive anatomy workshop starting now at Mercury Cafe
I don't involve/date people who possess a gpa lower than 3.5. Why?Because you wouldn't comprehend the intricate vocabulary that I excersize.
great piece on pixel-fitting, so incredibly noticeable. The computer anti-aliased Markdown hurts my eyes.
Desso Highlights the Danger of Particulate Matter at World Asthma Day 2012
Baltimore, we're open until 11 tonight. You know you need a caffeine fix if you plan on dancing till dawn. Come on down!
My ego even makes me laugh sometimes! Bwahahaha!!!
#gfree and just plain FREE ;) cupcakes can be won on r site www.knowledgesafari.com (u choose the flavors!)
RIP Andy Rooney. Mad respect to a great journalist.
I laugh at my constant desire for perfection. It's kind of boring and keeps me from accomplishing greatness.
Oh them huge Helga's . I got'chu now lmao
I've learned the hard way you can never trust a woman with to many male "friends".. cause when you not around you just another friend
Goals are dreams with deadlines
I swear it happened!!
I ran out for lunch today. Tomorrow were on!
Nov. 9, #Spurs vs. #Lakers. That's the day #SDSU product Kawhi Leonard comes just about as close to home as possible.
I got 99 problems & you ain't one. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I tell people that it's more gray than rainy here, but no one believes me. We get a lot of mist, rarely downpours.
9/1/42, 5 Lódz Ghetto hospitals raided, patients slaughtered, babies thrown from upper-story windows, some bayoneted before they hit ground
I am at the ABC upfront presentation. Just told to shut the laptop down.
I'm so ready for bed!!
that'd be awesome! We're launching Monday. Posting on my blog as well as Kickstarter and would love to feature your app!
. Nice week. Top 10 is always awesome for an aging 40 year old! #cycling Can't wait for Amgen.
Long lost goodbyes can bring with them hellos
I prefer getting gouged slightly more for slightly better snacks/food (example: Arclight popcorn)
Ehh, my big brother thinks he is a player. Pshhhhh, PlEASE!
still at the youth in government conference, someone has to make sure the students stay in their rooms. never get sleep
Battle between & 2nite over SMU hire has more fight in it than Brown will show in his likely 2yr future there
Listen up man, me an' my homeboy are in some serious shit. We're in a car we gotta get off the road, pronto!
Landlord sounds like greedy slumlord
#Adobe is pulling the plug on Mobile Flash.. Poor business move by Adobe in my opinion since it makes #HTML5 the most competitive video tech
What does one want when one is engaged in the sexual act That everything around you give you its utter attention, think only of
I'm so excited to be Betty Boop for Halloween! Thx for great tutorial!
#Tornado Siren a good 5 minutes AFTER shut our cable off with the emergency broadcast warning!
for the time being its just networking...but you never know
What day are you coming next wknd?
On a scale of 1-10 my motivation to study is a -45689 #hurryupderby <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
Why is Mother's Day and Father's Day unequal in relevance?
What ever happened to bow ties?
Making a chevron friendship bracelet cause I'm just so frikin' cool .
Doin work in the studio with Homicide and Keith Beatz
I've been playing the Yamaha Motif lately :') it's so nice to be able to play something that sounds as nice as it does <3
Not really...I'm resigned to the fact it'll have to run its course.
Did you know popcorn is a whole wheat food? Just three cups of popcorn equals one serving from the grains group!
thanks for the shutout!! Xo :)
and you have like 8 loves of your life (including me of course)
Additionally, I'd really like to hear more about your concerns re: security - shoot me an email at
When it comes to "Happy Hour," more is better. Island Time now even longer, 3-6p daily.
You're imperfections are what make you perfect.
Where can I find Christian Grey?
It happened, you can't change it.
Fuck D12, I'm outta this band. I'm gonna start a group with the real Roxanne.
Thanks for the mention!
no not at all that song is garbage he has punchlines that don't make any sense
Our service is free to hotels and hotels share in our revenue stream. Contact us to become a partner and better serve your guests.
Don’t forget to check out Fumare’s pastrami sandwich featured on #SandwichKing. 10am tomorrow!
8 o'clock
me and deon as a matter of fact
the Bears O Line sucks and they managed to keep your sorry ass in check. What a crying bitch.
Welcome to Twitter. Thanks for the follow!
He: "Can I have the last dance?" She: "You are having it!" ~Unknown~. have a happy Sunday!!!
North Carolina Aquarium Fort Fisher chooses for Media Content Player for new exhibit!
Success comes to those who never give up.
That's easy. As long as the government says so.
Why thanks, sir! Years of practice and a degree lol.
Hey baby... Whaddya say we take a quick trip to the Caymens and visit my money?
And there's the kiss with wife Anita.
If we don't work together as a country we all fail; GOP does not get this critical concept essential to sustainability and development
| It is the chiefest point of happiness that a man is willing to be what he is. ~Desiderius Erasmus
we also give her cranberry powder as a preventative.
RT : Chris Paquette is THE BEST Percussionist Ever.. OMG!! He's killin these loops
BOGO 50% off is such a cop out. It is not a sale if I have to buy one at full price...
yeah I'm cool. Just lost our dog is all.
Headed out to do some shopping before work.
haha right..it's a side effect from Twitter and ddub...LOL!
I need to check in with my twitter more often.
Congrats! I need to jumpstart my blog!
Watching Selena. Favorite Movie in the whole wide world!
Thx for chipping in for the TEDxATX Rejects party!
I'd totally follow you twice, if I could.
that's for sure lol
Thanks for the RT! The dessert tasted as good as it looked!
What do u call a fat boy who stutter? Porkey the pig
Welcome to #RogersPark! I can't wait for your cafe to open But the folks want to know what you envision for your cafe?
#TeamFollowBack Im putting a promo out there for if you have less then 5,000 followers you need to hit the follow button
Who's watching #the90sareallthat with us!?
" I don't have room in my life for another search engine." - just about swerved off thr roead on that one.. Classic!
Ever since Justin turned 18 he has been acting very sexual, every Beliebers dream to see him thrust Jerry.
So Proud To Be A K<U+0394> <3
Boyd and Jeff are working the lights during a night interview.
Break a leg! RT today's my put in with the cast on stage for How To Succeed! I hope I hit my steps, numbers and depths!!!
if only > j biebs
I want to go back for a few things i did wrong :x
haha right!!! Trying to get our merch sold.... Plus I'm super bored at work!
Huh, very interesting indeed. An interesting shift for SEO. I've seen rankings for synonyms moving up as well.
Bitch, I watch CSI, I can make your death look like an accident.
#nothingsmoreirritating than when u know something that needs to be said, but you hold your words in because u promised not to say anything
Not saying Mike Gonzalez has had two good years here, just wouldn't automatically rule-out bringing him back. Right player, right price, Oz?
#FolderNamesToHidePornOnPc Best of Pastor Chris ;-)
now only one ;-)
The Brewers are a pile of crap
sound like me.....
I sent my Pics
RT : What a great accomplishment - SKI-U-MAH!! RT : #Gophers win 4-2. National Champions!
yeah my mom started singing that today & i was like what the hell mom? how do you know that
when you don't text me back I assume it's cuz you don't wanna talk and I hesitate to text you again later.
Hamilton beach slow cooker coupons
no, i don't want to get any work done today, thanks. i'd rather make weird noises at my cats and say inane things on twitter.
Thanks bro! If you want to campaign with me and tweet it out to your peeps I'm not against that.
As a penn state alum O'Brien has my support. Do I have a choice?
How do i get into the Beta? Friend was telling me about the game, i wanna play!
hah yeah, it WAS Friday when I posted that =)
thank you for the mention!
Mf's need to stop getting in they chest over people they aren't fuckin. Simple as that.
Blame it on the traffic, no one else knows that you chose to walk.
my sister said my boobs feel like water balloons..now i cant stop touching them for confirmation #SMH boredom its so sad :(
Wut in sure someone was there to take my spot ;) ;) ;)
talk to you guys soon..going back to sleep....but keep on following ...luv all
Trying out hoot suite
Thanks for the
thanks for the RT!
Yes, the old (current) site was hand-coded. Thx for the feedback. Once I feel more comfortable with Drupal, I'll make the switch.
Great night.. We won our outdoor adult league soccer championship..
WHY ???? WHY??? WHY??? CAN"T MLB.TV GET THIS RIGHT!?!? I don't pay to NOT SEE MY TEAM PLAY ON THE FREAKING WEEKEND
I know everyone was tweeting it I'm like what
Laundry, errands, and bills. Grateful for all of it.
haven't had one in the longest. So good, bruh.
#ThankyouKidrauhl for everything you have done, you inspire me, and you are just the best<U+2665> I love you. :)
Is this a trick question? No, it's not three days. It's not even two, unless I am not mathing correctly.
Just joined the #Jaberwalkers team for , super excited for March 10th now! (sup )
When a new CC is provided the additional data must be present to submit to the gateway for auth, so no plans to implement this
JUSTIN, Y U NO TEXT BACK?
Oh really? Not sure I even know who runs that page, I just added it way back! :-)
YES also its big enuf that you can come see me :) :)
Off to the North Atlantic #Blues Festival in Rockland, #Maine to play this weekend with Can't wait!!
ahh yay :)) were gonna be together!! :))
I miss u 2 dear Jglia, I hope you are happy and well! po
Good morning! I feel great today. I realized I haven't had a migraine in two months. Yay!
I hate you chola !
Are you guys hiring? Could use something to do on the weekends.
Moneyball was such a great movie. Good to see in it for a second. I love baseball.
Did the full design for my poster. Edited the text. Then realized I forgot to put my name on the stupid thing. Grr.
Local 16 was great for happy hour!
True enough, but not THE Santa Penis... but creepy old man penis is creepy old man penis
Is it because you made a drum out of a bucket for the protest?
A full purse is not as good as an empty one is bad. - Yiddish Proverb
2 yr old just made me wish I was 2 again: I had a dream I was walking down the street and didn't have to hold anyone's hand
Monday Night Karaoke w/ Ryan Pardey & Richie "The Pirate Hippie" 10pm! shot+beer=$5
Thanks for the shoutout. Do you need any voice-over promos for your station?
New term - "eidoof" for that stuff's inventor. Like: "Chris has bizarre respect for that eidoof's creation"
": Seeing tonight at the pageant. Can hardly contain my excitement." Hav fun! #stlouis :)
Great app! It helps me keep up with my web site reading without the frustration of reading on my phone on my desk. Thanks!
followed lemon slice.
dude at one point he looked like susan boyle so just be happy thats over hahaha
We will! I promise. I'm probably getting there early cause I want to buy a shirt :)
Beat box imaginary in the snow....
Hello to everyone following me on Twitter. I still need some more people to review my 1st product. Anyone?
Do you have the info from the php class? I can't seem to get the link to work. Thanks!
"The person who pays an ounce of principle for a pound of popularity gets badly cheated."-Ronald Reagan, 40th U.S. president-via Brian Tracy
Chris' Wanderlust: Travel & Photography Adventures: Town of ...
Disney on ice 2night, Breaking Dawn friday, & my b-day next Wednesday...ao why am I trying to get sick now
I'm not doing shit for no body from here on out so don't even ask.
mostly work, but def going to have fun too.. Gotta take advantage of the opportunity!
Just did segment on fox business news on nfl kickoff. Why no sponsors naming sponsors at meadowlands????
Our last two-show day at the Beckett Theatre is today!
From the time they are preteens, women spend a significant amount of time concerned with beauty — makeup, skin care and, of course, hair
Hey dude, what's your gamertag? We gotta get on Gears together when it comes out
bigg is what???
NEW design coming soon! Fresh To Death 2nd Edition
What Kill's You Makes You Stronger <U+2665>
I feel better :)
OMG RT : This horrible spill wouldn't be happenin in the gulf of AMERICA! Arizona knows what I'm talkin bout!
POPular! ;) Did you survive it? I'd need a big nap after that.
Call me maybe is on
More movers&shakers we will be interviewing in the coming weeks include John Most, CEO of Most Advertising&Mike Weisman of DGWB stay tuned!
Watching some seriously creative stuff at the New York Tech Meetup
Spent the day with 23 Norwegian cousins. Learned a few songs in Norwegian, Bought books from two authors in the family.
Social Proof is a psychological concept describing our tendency toward conformity. Using this to your advantage is a big help in life
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
turns out my preorder won't come for another couple days.. I'm going to cry! But well fuck it i'll just buy it on iTunes now (:
She's just the girl I'm looking for.
now I'm just doing it on purpose (:
#YallNeedToBreakUpIf all you do is argue bout every little thing
I am trying to turn my writing passion into a career as we speak. Any advice? Thank you in advance...
ty you hve a good one also
just got me to LOL. Thanks for the birthday wishes all!
back in fl? Not Orlando?
it's not fair that I sit here and think about you and You sit there thinking about her..
Well, on the eve of opening weekend, I have to say the DW12 looks pretty damn cool.
When should you not exercise? If your OB puts your on bedrest or once your are 28 weeks don't lie on your back or do ab exercises.
You're awesome Carla!
HIM BEIN ON DA BUS WASNT DA ISSUE HE USED GODS NAME IN VAIN AS FAR AS IM CONCERNED TO RUN DAT WEAK AZZ GAME
All these favors I always am doing for everyone will eventually pay me back in the end..
nice, waking me up on the east coast
Now get on it! I refused to wait this time. I waited before and it was sold out within minutes.
I don't really care Too much for seafood.
#sheaintwifeymaterial if her aspirations are to be the baddest bitch on basketball wives or bad girls club...
I really liike the solo in Dyers Eve, and No Remorse.
: Welcome to Twitter; I hope you love it as much as I do!
checkn wit da bffs but it looks like Evergreen
Follow me also on Facebook @ Bobbysexy90
Great day for OKC that signed an extension! who?
Duh those first few years are gonna be tough on the wallet. Your gonna need a side gig.
I just packed a blazer. Washingtonian much?
I don't know if I need or I want so badly , go to forever 21 ._.
Vancouver is a beautiful, safe, friendly and peaceful city with excellent citizens. Last night was a set-up.
New dance "The Mcreery seizure"
u have 2 hit comment first, under which ever pic
Cannot write a poem recently without the word "turret"--
Let nature take its course and hope it passes
I'm stealing that line I hope we are blowING you mind
I miss the beginning of American idol when everyone sucked
Got some sun today w/o burning and had a conversation about 's mom being a milf. I'd call today a success.
I spent a lot of time searching for reasons, for answers. But you can't find what’s not there.
We're friends, You laugh, I laugh, You cry, I cry, You jump off a bridge, I jump into a boat and save your retarded ass.
What do you do with all of the extra paper that you cut the silhouettes from?
lipstick, llama,
Your welcome! Thx for following back!
not that I kno ma. just don't see nothin wrong wit tryin to help yourself.
#chicultural2012 but not there needs to be a more intimate discussion...Enter Cultural Conversations. 19 of them. Throughout to Chicago
Hope all of my LA tweeps are OK!
Thanks for watching. I appreciate it. Have a good week :-)
Things that are awesome: great friends and family.
I hear u. A new report says 2.5 million dead people have their ID stolen every year. Their surviving families get stuck.
/ Fellas good morn!!
Good luck and Men's Basketball tonight in the #DIIIFinalFour !
“: You can never make anything too simple, for simplicity is the law of wisdom.”
understood....you are drunk
RT : Jus say the have it beats family at the yard house they always show love
hey dude. im moving to the bay area in two weeks. Can't wait. Would love to meet up soon :).
Are Castle and Beckett gonna kiss! Spill the beans!
yessir, hustle don't die for me fam. How u been Plaga?
I just had jury duty last week...4 days. Ugh......
Thanks Greg! RT Thx for your outstanding support of students ! Great event last night
The Cavaliers roll on to the next round but get no rest. Next game is at 6:00 p.m. TONIGHT. Come on down and cheer on your baseball team.
Just getting in from the Emmy's Governor's Ball Party...
Gettin my hair done!
enjoy! Registrations should be up and ready shortly...thanks so much for your support!
This deserves MORE than a channel change. OFF it goes.
lost track of #asimov. TY for link. Have hundreds of old issues. Going to re-subscribe.
“: I've found all I've waited for, and I could not ask for more. -Sara Evans”
#didyounotice when you stop calling they start #Idon'twantyounow
I remember when I saw that on pay per view on a double bill with Hollow Gate way back some Halloween. Good stuff!
Is anyone else have problems getting service from ?
just takin care of bizness! U ready 4 tonight
I know right?!?!
Come on, you mean we have to talk to people too?
love that place
Did I mention BYOB?
that is how we all should roll today..
is rumored to be working with technology, to control the TV sets with devices...Can Graffiti be next?
"Not right now, things have been slow"--Stop using this excuse.
I should be able to get it myself but I have finals all that week and 4. Lol im not loved
happy new year!!!<U+2665>
You too freaky I'm over here rolling dats just nasty
Wherever you are - be all there. Jim Elliot
Had a great, great time at Safe Harbour last nite. Happy 50th Pas. Ramsey! TO GOD BE THE GLORY!
across the street...tempting, tempting....!
why are you doing this to yourself. It's literally killing me.
First of all who buys swishers? I got that white owl white grape
personally, I think sex doesn't play a part in it (or plays very little). It's just being human. /me shrugs
would love to see that!
i've got a few tracks from the Johnny's show to load if I can just find that special load music button....
Well, that's why I was concerned you were asking!
Agree! Thanks, Lolly! RT : Trust is knowing that is always going to lead a great chat!
Happy Tuesday folks!!
Revolutionary Cleaning provides reliable, high quality residential, commercial, and industrial cleaning services to florida area.
Thank you! Sorry for late response we are moving this weekend!
Meeting with Kendra from Citadel radio
RT : Manners do matter so make sure you thank people when they retweet you!
Nothing from the Spring comes out until late May, and June. They always release stuff after the season is over.
Anyone know what the word trust means or even know how to do so?? Damn!
Matt Kemp's 1st inning home run didn't even go that far. Come on man, step up your game. #BEASTMODE #MVP #Dodgers are lucky to have this man
no, no, no, no. #LSU and #Bama are the only legitimate programs in CFB as it stands and their dominance is only beginning
Ready to kick some butt tonight in the Volleyball tourney
i would get 80 tho....would only pocket 20...u would be out 20...u go back to school
Cleaned windows in Forest Lake and a house in Acadia, tomorrow will bring me to St. Paul Midway area.
Aggghh....this guy...
SQL Server Database Corruption–Part IX: Responding to Corruption - SQL Server Pro (blog)
Dear person trying to sabotage me: Please stop- hopefully, evidence is going in for fingerprints today. Who said South Milwaukee was safe.
If interest rates are so darn low, why will Congress double the Subsidized Stafford Loan rate? US Dept of Ed. rep presenting at
when people hurt you<<<<<<
Awh Man.. I'm not getting My World 2.0 till the 26. Ugh! I'm very sad right now:(
Man comcast is the best damn thing ever
I study for CAPTCHAs and I STILL fail!
Ah yes, thanks for reminder
17534: You're really nice(: & Pretty!
Auto glass,chip/crack/auto repairs 832-335-7386. #windshield repair service,chips/cracks on
Need alternative income source. Prostitution not really an option. Drugs either. Ugh.
My frenn not texting me back
These strawberries in this yogurt are nasty <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
just saw that a person's last name is Husband. does "husband" have another meaning in English? or is it from another language? ^_^
"To Kill a Mockingbird" at the is TO BE SEEN. Hurry, while there are still tickets.
Do you think Eric Cantor practices his stern face in the mirror at night?
Might have to check out explosions in the sky at the bottle.
If you are looking for a new computer or to fix your old one come and see us @ 1423 NE Fremont Street Portland, OR 97212 in our new store!
for you. I'll get the chocolate dip stuff so talk to about the cheese stuff is bringing wine.
Unfortunately yes, I'm going to Anaheim and Huntington Beach so I'm hoping I won't be completely surrounded by King fans.
JB VanHollen Wisc. AG Republican has had 2 years to find significant levels of voter fraud. Guess what? Not there.
is fine-tuning an offer, then meeting Crystal and her better half for dinner and biz talk..
Randolph College is getting ready to start a new academic year.
love you guys :D seriously you guys are REALLY talented <3 #ComedicDancers #FollowBack :)
#iTunesU has completely changed my morning commute - have to love the "free" flow of information
Screw it, go all in 100 Billion Dollars
Matt, thanks for the RT! Have a great week.
lmao id kill for 1 right now, im lierally faling aslp tryna reply to you but im off this ill text you till i fall back aslp<<3
Chapter 2012 Page 119 of 366 Stop over-thinking & and just go with the flow
byes are spread for fantasy football and betting.
Just because you are a police officer that does not mean rules don't apply to you.
Yes Jon Jones gets title shot !!!! #ufc126 #Vegas great card tonight! How could it get better?
RT : "Autism takes a double toll" Mothers of children w #autism earn far less than those of kids w other health conditions...
Come on down to for happy hour! $1 Olympia beer on draft and many food items! What else could you ask for?! 3PM - 7PM everyday!
Hi:)...do you remember me...Katie Lambert...how are you...are you okay??
_3_ years? I may be at least that long, but aich. Here's to 3rd floor IC. Enough ambient noise, but people are quieter.
Heyy, Haven't seen you in forever :( What's up?
can you tape it and send it to me? xo love you
With how many times you've tweeted that I think its time you take the hint :P
I'm curious about the teddy grahams too. Did anyone give you an answer?
lol I WAS JUST KIDDING ME PROMISE.
On our way to Pueblo for the 111th Bell Game. Catch the broadcast next Wednesday at 8pm on CET-105.
Mahalo. We are excited too!
and that is exactly why they sold it.
Thanks for the retweet Anne!
marketers value ROI. when social media provides it, they'll value it
Biggest challenge is teaching kids to use social media in a safe way
sometimes the worst thing for you is the best.
hi can you do me a huge favor real fast?(:
Now poor Candide is back in Europe after surviving perils at sea. Could his fortunes be looking up? Don't count on it.
The mannequins at American Apparel on 6th Ave and Bleecker aren't wearing bras! Good shit y'all, come thru!
Welcome to B-more! Glad the Ravens got you!
RT : Chun: Tools we use to augment reality have come to supplant reality.
Long weekend filming in Virginia and Philly... Acting can be so exhausting, but is so worth it!!
happy b-day
What a long 30 minutes.
brand me
Trust is like an eraser the more mistakes made the smaller it gets.
Good ride with C-Hill moto posse... Beacon hill, george town, waterfront, magnolia and ballard.
#celticschat Notice that Rondo only has 4 assists.
I should've got my chickens on video. I've never seen that before. Lol.
I went to Orlando :)) <3 wish I could went to all three haha
may is busy but I can figure something out. I'm out of town to dc/philly 18-21 tho
Too many stranded runners, #Gator baseball.
I hope when I try to help people that it actually helps them..
i hear you, huge cloud of smug surrounding my high school's cross country, constantly hating on the marching band
Respect to for keeping K2 the cleanest dorm on South campus
Oh my dwam, I can't recall everything I did last night.
Miss Martian crazy beootch with the crazy eyes!!! And Aqualad is evil!!!
If you go to the NFL draft, bring a more recent/better jersey than Brandon Stokley
SWW 1A tennis: Castle Rock 3, Montesano 2. Rockets win second and third singles, first doubles.
well looks like I know what's for lunch!!
Still need somewhere to stay?
When is The Meadow Man coming out? If it still is :)
I thought Unguarded was great. I liked how it incorporated him speaking to different groups as the story was told.
Thanks to for the retweet, his army of morons is inspiring #tcot?
Your so lucky Followed you and DM'd you! Congrats! (:
We are up! In 1st, QPR defend for your lives!!! Im rooting for you!!!
hey follow back? (:
We are looking for a PHP Developer in Dallas. Know anyone?
It's a cool topic- also, great post.
To answer your question, rhetorical or not...eating your lunch, bitch. Suck it.
"i love with all my circle,not my heart because hearts break and circle go on forever."
It's Sophie Level's birthday! remember when you, KJ, and I uses to talk about her on xbox? lol
#rush limbough-just because you were born in the 1800's doesn't mean you can act like it's the 1800s,
You were great, you got the spin and everything
we are happy to be a part of the Alex Laynor Foundation event this Saturday! Hope to see everyone there!!
daft punk and metadata
LMSOO RT : yo he literally picked me up! I was lost lol
"Words can break someone into a million pieces, but they can also put them back together."
oh god XD. I missed all that. Did she say when our next game is?
skipped graphic lab today you proud?
exactly what people said about twitter! and neither do i. just trying to suss it out a way to get out from under banking interests
Happy birthday to James Earl Jones (81), Muhammad Ali (70), and First Lady Michelle Obama (48)!
I think it's about time that lottery tickets exclusively sold at their own stores.
now your just somebody i used to know.
... Hey ! ... I still want a chance to sell every used car on your lot in the next 30 days ! Call me ! ... 323-370-6419 ...
Way to answer but let's cool it on penalties please. Play smart
South Georgia ! I am a Georgia Boy myself! Milledgeville, born and raised in Tifton! Here to you'll having a great weekend!:)
On Sunday 20 Mar @ 8 pm EST Myfreegenealogy.com will be hosting yet another online chat. The last chat went well. We met some members, discu
Coming to San Diego any time soon? Miss coverage of women of color, authors, thought leaders, catalysts, non celebs.
Instead of killing the tree, couldn't you have it pruned by me? :) Let's keep it clean and green :) but hilarious post!
In order to make your dream a reality you must first WAKE UP..GOODMORNING =)
I think u still owe me lunch miss
thanks so much <33
"Columbus sailed the world in a boat, and you can't get to the gym?"
I'll get back to you soon :)RT : sent to your LinkedIn inbox :)
We could use you tonight, overnight, or Sunday at 100 Innings of Baseball at Adams Field in Quincy. Come down!
For Halloween,next year,we're dressing up as carrot triplets&we're wearing a hat filled with salt&read a book outloud(;
Ugh i dont wanna go home! I jus wanna stay rite here wit him!
Going to Connecticut when I get home...again.
Responded to FIRE @ 3331 Bruckner Blvd, Bronx, NY 10461. Red Cross auto update.
Need a table anytime throughout the night? Text one of our hosts at 630.235.7357 or RT/DM this message and we'll get back to you ASAP!
If you're in the SF/Bay area this weekend, come see me at the Alternative Press Expo!
A Big thanks to for the support!
hey thanks for following us! keep up the good work.. :)
Lol why would you do such a thing!!!(x
truth:/ shit sucks
Star Trek marathon: a good way to spend a sick day :)
Need some music
:'-) MT : Before I knew who he was,Junebug hustled me on my gig at Utopia. Boy,I felt like a fool. Great player,bright spirit
Business Card BLITZ has been a hit! Most cards ever sold in a month for Business Cards Discounted! Get 250 for $19 or 1000 for $39
The rats were angry too. It was a chorus of squealing & squeaking w/overlay of painful screeching. Maybe a mother rat protecting nest?
Studio tomorrow! Tracking drums for a new single that will be out soon!
So ready for school to be over
Off to the mall to spend my birthday money on my siblings birthday presents and a mothers day gift.
I don't even like Nicki's music, but rapping and acting like her was just so funny.
It's not a party without 'Silhouettes' by Please play it! 'Gregory's Theme' by , too!
I feel like we've been driving forever.
I heart you Cuddy!
no, by virtual keyboard I mean the iPad's on screen keyboard. It's amazing how much I can get done on my iPad in a coffee shop..
it's amazing! I let my grandma listen to it today and she loved it! She enjoys Peyton's music! We listen to his EP all the time
Shout out to for being awesome
It's 4 Gram 1/8th Day at The Clinic!!!
It's creepy how much that looks like my cousin!
Photographers! If you want to submit work for our next issue, email us at !
U could win tix to Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol premiere in LA! Visit a Simon Mall vending machine to find out how to enter!
Small is the new big, everywhere.
“Those tax cuts, rather than the spending binge, are the primary cause of the (federal) deficit.”
Up and at it!!!
The great thing about the grab and go is we can constantly change things up. We've added a Turkey Avocado Wrap ($5.95) and a Cheese...
Glen Campbell's tribute is everything the Beach Boys tribute should have been...good and with people who can sing.
isn't that a song Karli Whetstone performs
Wrapping up a tremendous week at the #AynRand Center for Individual Rights in DC. Great work being done by the outreach and policy teams!
I'm off this shit for awhile peace...
"Ladies, don't settle for the bench, just because he's a player...you deserve to be starting."
Just a reminder! Still have 7-$10 Locks available for tonight. Each Lock backed with a 120% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE if it goes down. Email us!
that awkward moment when you turn up with a niece because your brother stole them.
To my parents Apostle Mary Brinson & Apostle Frank Brinson to show me true love is.... Thanks for being great examples
I'm glad to know that Jose Bautista follows Jennifer Lopez. Thanks, Twitter. As if I thought I couldn't have wasted more of this day.
Jim Harbaugh now qualifies for a Grip-Rite endorsement.
what did i say that was hateful towards him?
Lax bros.... They stick together I guess
Did my own "smoky eyes" last night for the first time ever, it was kind of a success, I mean you're supposed to look like a peacock, right?
I get so excited :P
No official mob. They just have some great deals and specials for Record Store Day (which is tomorrow)
who was on da bus today
Classy Saints RT This is awesome. Gronkowski takes the rec. yards lead. Then, Saints put Graham back in and start throwing to him.
that was a really great interview! Justifies why community college is so important these days.
Last class ever after this seminar presentation today. All #dissertation from here.
haha and yes is still dead
if you still need help, I'm actually working in InDesign this afternoon. I have CS5.5
Excited about my students' show on Friday in Westchester, NY. I'll be hosting, which is something I really love doing. All pressure is off!
snag a bagel!
O! I believe she did!
RT : No matter how many times I say I hate you, just remember you're really the only thing that is holding me together.
good answer :)
Take Care is one of the dopest albums ever made.
...'Bermuda Love Triangle'? Thoughts?
9 hours of sleep? Yeah, I needed that. BRING ON #Oysterbake !!!!!!!!!!
round 1 playoffs tonight ....get focused! ....one game at a time!!!!
Ok, so my myspace life is officially over...received a friend request from my mom.
Video Shoot for "I Do My Thang" is the weekend of Oct 15th-17th. If you wanna be in the video holla at
Eating girl Scout cookies and drinking cream soda to sober me up at 7am lmao
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved. ~ George Sand
I LOVE YOU so much Never 4 get that<3 xoxo
you're the coolest gal around I swear!
Looks yucky!
For real?! After 3 days of not seeing nor talking to me Alls you can do is txt me to tell me u'll tell me about ur trip next time u see me?!
Judging by that interview Georgia's head coach looked about as confused and surprised as LSUs offense
Lifes too easy to be so damn complicated
i wish that i could find someoneworth my time just like my bestfriend
The boyz Hella circling the block..
Playing ball today at mainland rdv
The sun isn't out at 7:30 am. Who knew?
Only if u study like I study Facebook lmao.
NY Jet Coach Rex Ryan
Brunch from 11-2 today. Come prep for some NFL playoff games and grab a bloody too. Games will be on with sound in the basement.
Moon SooRa is very pretty
PAAAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I CAN'T BREATHE
This is starting to become difficult ...
The best things in life, aren't things <3
Haven't watched you people in a Month... I see I've missed nothing.
I estimate that the percentage of women being assaulted is much higher.
No food and no one on campus wahh :(
advice from me to u, Go to sleep Cuz since the time changed ur gona lose an hour. Trust me i overslept this morning.
Jeez... Look what she does to me...
S/O to my new follower thanks for the follow
Monkey Walls
so proud of you ;)
hey y'all, any chance you can help us make it to 400 followers? we only need 30 more today! thanks so much in advance! :)
And husband...RT : I want Megan's entire wardrobe. And makeup artist. And apartment.
It looks as if #atsummit is more popular than #oatsummit. I'm taking off the "o".
RIP Steve Jobs
Goin To Get Inked :-)
Finally finished The Scorch Trials! Can't wait to finish The Death Cure now!
and blonds -______-
i hate hate when the warm weather like this 68-70 degree had to be really windy? why?
time to recruit some new blood, sorry I am only a year younger but would love to help
Thanks Sarah :) Happy Mother's Day!!
Dancing in my room inspired by the ^_^
30 rock is way funnier, and community has really low ratings...
#ShoutOut to my stomach for fucking up
And you're tweeting...haha this is interesting. Perhaps this discussion will have something to do with the exam to come?
Remember when children's books contained material that was appropriate for children? Sigh.
I never found the real me But when i find out i will let u know
Thanks Paul - love the remix!
|||+|+ WANT TO CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Actor or anyone else. :>)
Thanks for the recommendations. In the end I got a Kindle Touch from Amazon for $99. Still have $1 on gift card.
she was indeed...
he killed that shit last night. he ain't ask me did I want any & took all the shrimps out :( lol
When somone leaves us, don't hope & wait for them to come back, move on, feel good about yourself, & say:" I'll Be Fine Without You!".
I'm up from my sleeping break ...
Today I start my new job and we will walk along the land of the insured soon. So Happy.
thnx for the RT. we like guitar solos and great beer too. Go Wings!
Happy Mothers Day Mama Schmidt. Have a good and happy day
coming over for the pack game tomorrow night?
did you get any top secret intelligence from WOTV?
Glad you are enjoying Is there anything in particular that we are doing well?
Wishing a very happy & blessed birthday to !
Maiden tweet, lets get the first one out of the way shall we?
Only reason I watch NBA pregame, halftime, and postgame is because of Charles Barkley. Love him.
me either .... I'm jamming away though. Come help me and I'll go help u!
Be kind, be helpful, and make someone smile today!
We are...a little :)
good mornin Ace
RT Just got inside word that Channel 8 in DFW may be running a story on the Dallas Twestival in the 5PM broadcast! w00t!
getting more followers everyday! <3 much love.
COME DO A CONCERT IN CHICAGO<U+2665>!!! :D
did you break your foot at the campfire? feel better soon!
Fail (sure will argue this) but Scimitars don't deflect bullets with force guidance. You Loose.
RT: Your statements done hurt me, they kinda turn me on in a sick & twisted kind of way
I love ! On my way!
Hi guys! Check out my photos of the play I finished up in March for an idea of what it was like! Awesome fun with AWESOME friends!
u already
Comparing images of myself from today and a year ago. Only 2 points obscures mix of gradual change + burst of activity over last few months.
can't win
I'm diggin every second. I'm feelin every shake
I better see u tonight at Ivy! (thanks for the RT) ;)
On #Leopard: Build dependency: #OpenWrt can only be built on a case-sensitive filesystem. Better fire up Linux in a virtual machine...
Bol oh QT : I ain't paying for it so I ain't tripping
hey! :D its me from kellerarmy! lol :D
I need to get blazed right now....
JUST be happy :)
What a fail of a night.
Ask and you shall receive. ;-) The sky is the limit.Don't wait go get it!
are you guys getting these direct messages saying someone is talking bad about you? that's annoying, makes me not want to wade thu my inbox
it was great ! How was your Easter ? :)
#ClubPS3 #ClubiPad2 Fingers crossed, fingers crossed!
I did that as a prank a few times when I was much younger. Had to find some use for the road barriers I found.
As a former teacher in a Villaraigosa school, some hiring practices def. prevented reforms impacting student achievement
I am a pickle farmer
I remember where I was that night
hahhahaha nah u would never
Good morning world... make sure to check out our new site! Find out whats going on in the entertainment world! www.platinumposts.com
Fuse...is being pampering poolside. What a beautiful day!
week of June 20th?? Oh, I am so there -- whenever you're up for it.
A neutron walks into a bar and asks the bartender "how much for a drink?" The bartender says "for you, no charge."
Happy Mother's Day! Miss you so much Mom.
Man I just met my favorite singer wow she's beautiful....
I hate wen people thank God for dumb shit like shoes and diamonds thank God for life and all of us #had enough
omg, it did. That's so awkward.... I definitely didn't mean it like that.
why not?
Lumet's debut 12 ANGRY MEN (1957) is still absolutely riveting. Especially love Lee J. Cobb and E.G. Marshall in it.
that's what I told . it would be lovely to have a coffeehouse but expensive!
Out of extreme anticipation, I paid $30 extra to get my scores over the phone. This test all in all cost me over $450. Thank God I passed!!!
A lot of the times I'm just confused.
when does tour start for you guys? (;
No one is ever so powerful or successful that they don't appreciate a sincere compliment.
havent been on in a while..think imma do some imagines!!
RT For episode 35, Parlour to Parlour heads outdoors once again - this time with Josh Bruner of Magic Leaves.
Never - sick of it.
Paint & canvas and 30 solid days of studio. #metacognitive retreat.
Doing a night shoot. I love night shoots
&& De'Aaron Can Exit My Fucking Mentions As Well..
"She said I think I'll go to Boston.. Think I'll start a new life..."
10. Upgrade your systems. Replace older light bulbs with compact fluorescents--this saves electricity and fluorescents generate less heat.
I'll be honest with u that smells like pure gasoline.
Paranormal Investigation with & July 2 Space VERY limited Call Monica 414/218-2202
man I'm so out of touch, are you going to SMTown or Music Wave? I meant to say hi at Simon D but you guys left
Purchasing/Supply Chain Manager
Who inspires you?
and so now you think that makes you better because of that?
Nice ya that def makes more sense in LA. You must make the trip to NYC sometime tho its an amazing city. Ive never been west lol
fresh out the gym...wew!!!
John Brennan, at : "...targeted strikes against al-Qa’ida terrorists are indeed ethical and just." And "wise," he adds.
things to do in 2013: go to Coachella
#GWU are you standing in line or have you already won a prize? Let us know!
i can't stop thinking bout you.. i miss kissing on you!
The day u leave is the day i die<3
Absolutely prohibited.
That is just awful! You can never replace memories like that. Hopefully you took phenomenal photos?
RIP parsley plant, our puppy's first victim. Still pretty sure she's generally gifted, tho.
7..dishes...i wash my bro rince them off..kids these days dontdo shit!!
needs to text me back!
I hope Miller is OK after getting trampled.
it's going but right now I'm visiting the greater Dresden/Martin area lol
Good morning peeps! How is everyone this early morning?
Ghetto bitches are so proud to be working at Walmart, it's sad
Thank you Ryan! “: Just cast my vote for ! Best of luck.”
SHOUT OUT TO EVERYONE IN THE WORLD WHO TWEET!!!!NOW Y'ALL FOLLOW ME YA HEAR!!!
Good work!!!
Austin,Tx. Geisha Room Tonight.
Alright man!
elk is great too. Grew up eating mostly wild game, wish I could be so lucky now!
Yeah. Human rust... What a concept.
They really were such a sweet couple, though.
good morning #bestie! On my way to work. I'm too tired, need myself a day off.
Foerster new Skins Oline coach. Hated him in Bmore. Oline got great the minute he left and Matsko showed up.
Biked 19 miles today. #toohot. Time for a nap before Im on my way to the lake for the weekend.
Loving 's lookbook! Absolutely gorgeous, free-spirited, Alice-in-Wonderland fashion! (Who's the photog? Love their work!)
Perfect! Thank You again!!
And so far..worth every penny??
Tommorow should be fun. JB's finally back in LA so, im hanging with him, christian, and the rest of the crew. Gotta get some rest, night :)
me if u follow me we could direct message?
I love when a good movie gives me more energy to work on my #screenplays!
I think to have a perfect life is to have family and friends who love and care about you!(: wish for me to buy your tea(:
Going to see my friend Dan Schnelle perform at
yeah sure..ready to leave ; )
MAHOMIES DONT GIVE UP, I'm still calling (;
electricity comes from other planets
ooh, awesome, thanks! Gonna write you guys down to reach out to next year when submissions open!
excellent choice. You can PayPal me the first 10,000 at your convenience.
: exactly!! Utah Valley University.. Used to be a juco, now a d1 in Great West conf.. 27 in a row now btw!!
Wish I could hear my boo boo's voice before I go to sleep :(
I'm not a big fan of country at all (odd; I live in Nashville) but I LOVE Blake Shelton's 'Over'. Only thing makin' it country is his voice.
Indian food for lunch and lemon cupcake for snack and still I have a headache. Apparently my brain and my tummy do not talk.
sat down and had lunch thursday with donovan campbell. cool guy
ahhaha tell me about it!!(:
Now that Sleep No More has appeared on Gossip Girl, it can safely be said it's mainstream. I consider that progress!
HAHA!! It just made my morning to see a 3-way tweet involving you three.. Brad is a miss-able guy!
people can make jokes all they want about how were datin but i could really care less what they think.
That makes me feel just fabulous.
Thanks that's beautiful
I was gonna say it's like that Facebook friend who posts 5 times a day. Always something new on the agenda they have to tell us.
Another day, another dollar...
don't have one. thank god. i really don't want one :) haha
My body is beaten :/. I can't do this anymore >_<
Excited to be working with the amazing Jen Nikolaisen on Home Free!!
Bet! I Told You!
Whats up from Arlington! Thanks for sponsoring great music!
If I had a gun.. you don't even wanna know lmao
You doing Zepplin tonight! Terrific! Great show.
#kids Showtime Saturdays at Galleria Dallas, Sat, May 12 11:30a: Magic Mike, half magician and half comedian, entertains children and...
what happened to being a bro! you were supposed to come to the game last night!
hunger games????
- Sunday Afternoon!
Thank Joshua! your training about fast cash rocks go see Joshua's blog page! I made 90c tonite!
Cheese curds and Old Fashioneds. It is good to be back in Wisconsin.
You now say your pets name funny because Vinny calls his dog BELLLAAHH
lol you could've said just let me out. I would've
I don't know how Shogun survived early and Hendo survived late!
Aw... thanks! Love you. Super easy to make. Another super easy dish going up. BTW - love the new KiKi photos! She's a natural!
This is the "official" twitter account for the Houston Experience Design group. Welcome!
Yo Granny Like 97 yrs Old Dude....RT : me and my granny just killed a big ass hornet
I want company, but I guess ill just go to sleep. Tomorrow will be all about my beautiful mother :)
that was called sarcasm... We're making fun of people like YOU who take it so serious.
I'm at another one of my daughter's track meets with the family. This is my new past time. I love it!!! She's running three relays today.
Airflow Appliance Repair Now Offering Continued Five Year Major Part Warranty and Pre-Summer 15 Percent Plus $10 Off ...
My local NPR station informed me that there were DONKS at the capitol building yesterday!HOW COULD YOU LET ME MISS THEM? I LOVE DONKS!
Went crazy in #Bath&BodyWorks today....my apt. Smells so fucking good
i am a FILLIONAIRRR cause i <3 NATHAN FILLION
Handshakegate! Petty, sure. I'd rather have a star player (RvP) be petty in defeat than a racist or a cheat (or both).
Hope the #LTDArmy has a fantastic weekend and we'll see you guys and gals at the Smiling Moose on Saturay, March, 24th!
followback Is an Hot account related to sexy girls and videos ;P
Looking forward to our new Photo Backdrop arriving tomorrow!! Just in time to use at the end of the week!!
yo that track that ya boy liked is available. Plus I found a spot right on Barry Rd...thought I forgot??
I think you should have one.
Another Craig doin good things.
it was an honor to have y'all! Always great to have alumni come back!!
that is not my job
I'm starting to get into LoL enough that it might pop out soon. Also see you soon at No Quarter. We shall talk.
<U+266C> Happy Birthday Dean Sams, Keyboard player for the band "Lonestar" Happy Birthday Dean <U+266C> <U+266C>
That's perfect! So glad you took the plunge!
Is partying down at Bedrock LA, my best friends bad ass new recording studio in Echo Park. www.bedrockla.com
hi from
Nothing cheers you up during a droning ( oops riveting ) conference like an upgrade notice from
Yes Naima you better go head and get that Burn Feeling and get that excersise!!! ;) Come back soon I miss your face...k thanks!
thx. Can't wait either.
I hope you don't have to go east or west! May need a couple more cars, just in case.
See ya there!
#thatcamp matt gold on helping students take control of their Int Prop
That dan and dan uncut was hilarious :'D
"DH helps the humanities connect back to the public, and also reengage the public
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
every night i had to fight to get you chumps to stop wrestling w/them. Going for chops broke your glasses!
Hm.... I think i got a new phone waitin for me when i get home. guess i just have to wait and see
alias or textexpander that. :)
Depends what state you're in.......
I even named my Wii ^.^ It's White. His Name is Jack Grey Wii ! He's half Chinese cuaz he was Made over there =P LMAO
Do I love you because you're beautiful,
Btw. We still need to plan the #twittertourney sometime this summer.
The Games Over Why Am I Still On This Channel!? e.e
Dear face wash commercials, nobody actually splashes water on their face like that. Sincerely, my whole freakin’ bathroom floor is wet.
thanks for the RT :)
SWEET Home Run !!
It's crazy when Your best friend && I share The same birthday were special best friends (:
haha well... there good so shhhh send them 2 me.. im in the mood
Once you become aware of the manipulation no matter how sophisticated, it doesn't work anymore
Yet another baserunner for Marshall...
noo i deleted all my tweets :)
Do you take cases with domestic violence history?
Tweet tweet I want something good to eat...
Not watching but sounds like Wilton grabbed his balls and said NO MAS to Hanley.
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret of outward success. -Henry Ward Beecher
Who's Allen West and how was he rude?
Time to start mt day with cleaning this messy ass room of mine.
howd you get your tweets to show on tumblr ? i have the same theme and idk how .. smh
lol booty poppin and lots of hair!!! Better see you at the finals august 30th!
Anything exciting happening in #Columbus tonight?
The third set of workshop's are underway. We look forward to your feedback
A bitch better have my money!
Introducing 'Potter-inspired weddings' on MuggleNet bit.ly/zdua8a /// And I've just informed we'll be renewing our vows.
Milan was fun. Good day!
Sleep, got work very early 2morrow
Yeah she does, she's marrying him.
That awkward moment when someone texts you saying “Hey its been forever, let's chill!" "No Bitch, STFU it's been forever for a reason."hahah
Happiness is acceptance.
how was the weather for the 10k? It got much hotter from the start to finish for my 3 miles
enjoying at movie in park!
est part was I totally called him on it. Was like "fisher gonna make some big shots tonight huh?!" he was like "hell yeah!" hah
I was just typing your name into the FA program and accidentally wrote "Jeffrey McClurkey" cc:
I'm going to Maybe get in the 7pm tournament or play some STTs.
beautiful morning run in the city!
Guessing Cam Newton will be on the cover of Madden 13. Congrats to him. Was super impressive last year. I was definitely wrong about him.
Leo your such a jerk for writinq daht -___-
reagan! (: morning sista! (: not much! I have a voice lesson a little later & maybe dinner plans! How about you??
Hear that, ? You can come to ATL to hang with me and ! :] #ThankYouMommy ;]
You're welcome. Would love it if you follow me as well! :-)
No problem! Feel free to post then wherever you'd like. Enjoy.
Can't. I have a bunch of grading to do tonight. Anyone working anywhere tonight?
We are always sharpening our list of great places to eat in each city! Whats good in Arlington?
Was that spanish or gangsta? Haha
Why do people still say "no homo" we obviously know you're not.
do 4 more sets of 7 pullups and declare victory
Just finished a long day in pre production about 2 lay it down peoples!!!
"Let's Do Lunch" Non Members Welcome! Still time to sign up for the Executive Women's Golf Association Networking lunch on Wednesday, Octob…
Next book by #StephenKing, "Salem's Lot O'Taxes," about supernatural forces attacking underfunded government
Yes, me too. He prob won't win job in SEA, but definitely can. Flynn a little too Kolb-ish for me.
Good I hate you too, but by saying that you tweeted something! :D
obligated?! How bout you just wanna wish me a happy birthday?...
why are they called apartments if they are all stuck together?
ITS OFFICIAL(: Smile is going to be my first single. out in a few days.
Corfu,NY - what would the Dowager think of you with your liquor store, gun store & tattoo shop dotting the main thoroughfare?
Ready for spartan football again got some good players this year!!!
Had a successful #editorial #shoot at #Malibu for Chaos Magazine!
win. win. So far so good Sunday.
Thank you! I have been very fortunate to have been selected for these #NASASocial. Can't wait to share the excitement! :)
Welcome back students! :)
True dat but at the sametime the females are alil afraid to tell us how they feel real talk.
Last day as an intern!
im on some cool shit.
New appreciation for a good restaurant management. I've seen a place absolutely fall apart in about 3 weeks when the manager left.
Rest In Peace.
I could've swore I just saw Al Davis sitting next to Jack Nicholson...
haha you know i GOT you ..
I have been eyeing Balenciaga for a long time. Might need to take the plunge but you will of course need to hold my hand
Happy Easter! Had a wonderful one with family:)
Someone come see the Lorax with me
My own singing gives me headaches
Giants cheesecake cupcakes or Boston Cream pie for them Pats? #who'syourcupcake
The secret of happiness is to make others believe they are the cause of it. Batt, Al
yeah it's great they are reliving the 90s
Happy Valentine's day :)
Pandora time till I pass out
I think the mom is too skinny. Am I wrong?
neighborhood #Date with Rob ;D
Grand Prairie Native Kerry Wood announced his retirement :(
Detainees Deserve More
oh boy here go... We tag teaming nba debates now?..... Lol see ya tomorrow buddy....lol
Nothin like a little lizard hunting to start your day
I'm going to be doing a series of big monthly presentations on the state of the startup industry. Hope to keep things in check?
We are live at Milly's Tavern in Manchester, NH tomorrow night!! We can't wait to see our New England friends again!
BrandAOK My night still bright what u on bro bout to leave studio u woke??
#BlueSlidePark has already sold more on iTunes than carter 4, and watch the throne.
Seeing your own mother cry really makes your blood boil. Selfish asshole
Just giving this a try... any advice from junkies for a newby?
Here's something special 4 all you Sonic ice cream lovers. For the next month all Sonic Milk Shakes are 1/2 price after 8PM everyday!
"Houston, we have a problem"
AKQA is hiring in all departments! Message me if you are interested! (Search, Creative, Project Management etc....)
Almost an hour on thie phone w/ <3 love her.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
It's not a live performance if its a recording!
Working on my website today. Columns, headers, footers, static and dynamic content, oh my!
Ps got so darn excited forgot to mention it's The Monster Truck Mania in Amarillo tonight... See ya there !!!
(Sommerset Maugham) It is a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
Thanks so much for the follow<U+E328> Youre amazing!!!
I might be out of town this weekend! If not this Sunday, I'm definitely visiting soon. You come see me at MOCA too.
Hanging wih Jess! We're watching hangover 2!! We're at a FUCKIN IHOP!!! Lmaoo
« “We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.” -Aristotle»
yep we sure do!
We got a question the other day from Twitter saying this: "Can I install one SSL Cert on to multiple servers?"
I never use #FB chat -- I find it way too slow.
Mine? after three glasses of wine...hahaha
Thanks Jerry!
and the battle would probably be epic as hell to partake in
Today, I lost my mood ring... I'm not sure how I feel about that.
RT : RT : where the Hell have you been?
if I didn't tell my followers to follow you the first time you sent it to me I'm sure as hell not going to the second time.
I miss home ):
they had a bad week in news
i can haz new website www.jamiesaft.com
have a relaxing evening.
LOTR no brainer RT : Which trilogy should I start... 1...Lord of the rings 2...Transformers 3...Matrix
I hate when certain people overuse the word "rape." No, you did not just rape this Monday or rape that test or pointless other examples.
I just realized I forgot ur cupcake! Im so tuuuupid!!!! :(
Finally DONE with academia for the next week. Dear thesis, you are so very stressful I can barely stand it.
we grow mustaches #LIKEABOSS (:
New 50/50 tees out from tultex at a great price!
"Don't "bro" me if you don't know me."
I swear, smh.
This is it ! It's Pastrami Wednesday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint !!
I have a message icon on my blackberry that I can't get rid of. It is driving me crazy.
Is it time to go home yet?
Vibes Media
So go take a vacation to Rack City!
In the absence of a text, fans will create a text, says Paul Booth, in reference to Inspector Spacetime fan playbor
Hey, thanks! Sounds like you have a fantastic day planned!!
Crazy thought just popped in,.. "why is it so much fun to see bubbles pop or to be tempted to pop a ballon,espcially when no one is looking?
giving away tickets to KISS THE SUMMER HELLO 2K12 and backstage to meet
By org I mean both. Thanks
you mean *same thing* lol
Our booking reading call begins in 10 minutes. We are reading from the book "How to win friends and influence people" by Dale Carnegie...
oh ok I'm so Srry!
The Last Song!
I got that drive but I hope we don't crash
National Cleavage Day! Hm...
Watching this Sixers vs Boston game get me geeked. Fucking Bulls. FML
Let's party tonight, sofla!
Hey, 140 characters without the word "fuck" in it. LOL
this dj rocks!!
Congrats to exec, David Wright on his inclusion in the
Didn't think Obama would take that stance until after the election.
Goodnight wish you noticed me
RT : Dude, chill. It's P.E. not the Olympics.
I'm all for you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I absolutely love when I put my hair in a perfect bun <3 at work! Peace out!
U R welcome! Have a great day!
Yeeesssss Jesus loves me ...
preach it.
Love to put a Prince cd in just sit back shut my eyes and enjoy his music like a fine wine #teamprince s/o to all true Prince fans
The lady on the 31 bus is so talkative! Loves!
Finna Text My Bighead..
being single is better than being with someone who doesn't appreciate you
Red velvet cupcakes are my weakness <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
We need to collab in the near future.
Sent you a DM with my answer to this question. :-)
She is the most amazing girl in the world! She makes me so happy! (:
Citibank Rolls Out New ThankYou Rewards Program for Small Business - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)
yea you gone be just fine down there
Y'all and these September due dates. Christmas time must be real nice lol.
is it that flexin track?
It makes me sad that phone booths are pretty much a thing of the past.
did you use your mike morales salad tosser. Cuz everyone loves to have their salad tossed
Wednesday Kronum Routine: 2 miles @ 70%, 6 x 400m sprints, 8-station ladder drills, low hurdle footwork, weighted broad jumps.
On a one Kane dirt road in the middle of nowhere.
Men tell the most lies women tell the biggest lies #hesyourson!?
Me! Why What Shall I Do For You. :)?
yeah and We all are!!! lol
michelle bachman hm..scary
A little slugish today
As soon as I start watching the pacer game they go on a 9-0 run.
Hughes chants at Yankee Stadium as he exits.
The journey towards inner peace is like white water rafting without paddles.
Listening 2 J. Cole n chilling in this ratchet ass hotel
Thankful for grandchildren...they bless my life in so many ways!...
oh ok. Well u enjoy your hoop session lol
A shout out to Jarrod and Andrew, two new \'spek-<U+02CC>e-ze\ facebook fans!
bite-sized snacks are the best snacks
Inconsiderate people at the gym are awesome!
I'm an uncle!!!! Or as least as close as I'll ever be. Haha.
miss you dude!! how've you been?
Had to beg my sister to give me another dino ( and layout my resume)
Tomorrow I'll be a month away from my birthday. I'm excited to celebrate, but not to turn another year older. Ugh.
People change. You grow apart from the ones you could have sworn would be in your life forever.
Awwe the <U+2600> is trying to come out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
My #Duke boys strugglin hard..looks like they are in the 2nd tier this year next to osu ku and unc
i Think it is sad that i am not at 1,000 tweets.
I bet Hannibal Lector might know it! RT anyone know how the 'head shoulders knees and toes' song goes, but with eyes and ears?
It was no problem! The kids were adorable!!
the steve Willis show is carzy wow..
hey checked you out on reverb and facebook. cool tunes man!!! keep up the good work
Well said. I'd love to work on modernizing city system. I'd hate to work on managing legacy city systems.
I cant wait for this weekend!!! Ugh and its only wednesday!!
The things you could do before you had kids...
anything for you love! Just happy you're finally home :)
Check out this new company founded with the help of Georgetown interns, and enter their "Vampire Power Contest" www.facebook.com/SaveniaLabs
well lucky him!
When will the #US finally leave the outdated & irrelevant delegate/electoral college system behind & graduate to a POPULAR VOTE?!
upload a pic already!
Go Clarence and Garfiled musicians - swing them silly tonight!
and bouncy
lol my twitter is much more than a stan account. It's part of my life (everything included)!
Any Alexander Payne fans out there?
Oh my gosh Stella passed away? ;~; RIP Stella. You won't be forgotten <U+2606>
20 point lead... in yo face
thank you!!!!
let's go soon
good night ;-)
Great Marketing Conference Enjoyed the #positiveenergy. Thanks to all the PDRI staff and owners that made this possible.
This is why #publishing is amazing. RT: : we're standing with you today. Best of luck to all employees...
We all live each day w/ the same amount of time...24 hrs. Those who are most successful choose how they use their minutes wisely.
There are times when only a burger will do...enjoying in Hollywood love that oldskol hollywood history too
ZOMG, what happened?
who gives a shit. Why can't he stay where he is and try to learn how to be a QB from one of the best ever.
Go Team Blake!!
I can't wait to not wake up to my dog barking nonstop
Too bad LeBron isn't clutch...
Just discovered is FINALLY out for #Android...watch out!! Thanks !
same with me. LA is LA. But to be fair I don't do anything but go home and work lol
Will it cut into valuable sleeping time?
nice goal Tuesday night. You crawled up that guy, got some ups and put that ball where it needed to be. Fun to watch.
This dam test smh
thank You! They need to get that 90's mentality the Old Knicks had
thanks lovely ladies !!
Playing fruit ninja makes me want some fruit
I'm in town til the 27th..letd do something b4 I leave! :)
Casual Chocolate Waster!!! SHAME! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
He was my favorite Beastie :(
"The Information Diet: A Case for Conscious Consumption" makes a case for controlling our daily intake of information. Check it out.
Elise is gone. Can't say that I'm going to miss her.
Almost only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades.
That's just the saddest news. Tell Chris I'm coming to visit
FailFL website to launch today! Check back soon for updates!
#ItalianParentsQuotes God help you if your late for sunday dinner
I bet those sweater vests are made of mixed fibers.
party gone b weak
I love it!! <3 Rebecca is such a pretty name and Bex for short is adorable I love it. And your really pretty just to let you know
Question: I was flipped off by the same driver on two occasions in two states. Was it for the same incident, or did I cut him off twice?
This is a reminder for location of our salsa bootcamp classes tonight 500 8th Ave 4th floor, room 404
What is the plan for the gathering? I might be interested.
This game again!
I'm just gonna keep tweeting caausee I'm bored (x
im probably gonna be a loner in hs lol
We're serving up Salsa Verde Chicken Chili with Hominy so don't miss out on this awesome soup!
Tornado Warning issued for Eastern Louisa County through 6:30 pm
HiYa Linda...I am lurking away here, curating the greatest hits from this chat on :)
Hope you can get it fixed soon!! <3
the awk moment when you must not be receiving our texts back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>hahah we responded!
LOvee rollercoaster mania on facebook such a cool game <3 :)
Following the USA scrum, Malifa's clearance failed to find touch. Japan nearly scores by knocks on just before the try line
I feel the same way. Start planning for a summer trip haha I have kayaks :) SEE THE #STEELCITY FROM THE WATER!
The room next to me pounded on my wall to turn down Tupac at 1m last night yet I had to listen to them have pathetic sex for 6mins today.
Most in audience support rail to Dulles. Loudoun Co Leesurg Spvsr Ken Reid opposes extending past airport to Loudoun.
So you arrive on Monday. Would you like to do things Tuesday and Wednesday or do you have plans? I could ask for work off then
Chicago RT : Where is everyone Eating and Tweeting from tonight?
Props to CMW and all of last night's composers for a wonderful show.
Oh, good, now there's a Lifetime movie about teenagers playing some game like truth or dare. This could also be promising.
ugh. this is fucking retarded. I'm so done with all this drama. fuck off. P.L.U.R.<3
There's just no avoiding it: Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
agree! “: New Jack White sounds amazing on vinyl. Explosive stuff. cc: ”
I like finding an artist first. Because once they go mainstream, I already know all the lyrics.
I got six hours of sleep in a row last night. First time in oh about a year. I'm feeling pretty cocky tonight. Baby is out cold.
Built to last.
Who has backup singers for the national anthem?
Thank you for the kind words! RT : Everyone at is doing a wonderful job! Thank you, our behind-the-scenes #heroes!
Not investigation of natural workd but an attempt to create curiosity - to push them to ask and then answer the questions
love you <3
Watching Snatch, forgot how often Brad Pitt's character takes off his shirt ;-)
i know the poor folks at the quicken chat center are working hard, but jeez, if you can't fix it, give me someone who can.
actually enjoyed the #Beyonce special on MTV/VH1. Love Bey, but still not convinced to buy the album yet. Any feedback?
what is the ms hug?
did i even say that right idgaf
MT : #IUPUI Day of Remembrance begins @ 11am in CE 305 today, honors each of our IUPUI family members who passed away this semester.
and a pretty unbelievable play, to boot!
I will admit i want to kill you sometimes-_-. But i would kill for you n.n
New Cash Clown track uploaded I'm A Cash Clown ft Paris Ross an Luke G
Justin Beiber and 50 Cent of course they're cool with each other! That's a weird combo if I've ever seen one...
It's a "G" Thing! Lease One Now For $389.00 per month. Come and Drive One today!
Brain fried so to clear my brain I have to kick it off with Jerry Springer.
anyone wanna join my clan? i made it official today :p
RT : Hey, remember when the Raptors took Rafael Araujo over Andre Iguodala?
Aw, the next time you are in town, let me know, OK? We can meet up or something!
Woke up with Hall & Oates on the brain. Out of touch...
Friday May 11th, 2012 from 7pm-Midnight! CRAVE presents the MN Affiliate of Susan G. Komen for the Cure - Pink Carpet Event!
cuz appreciate all you do to support real talk
I hope you tell your friends, family, and others I'm a friend of the McClain and tell them about my personality
Thanks for a "great"
to follow me..
Listening to 1D on pandora & accidentally pressed thumbs down then ended the song
followed x
Now is the winter of our discontent, y'all.
Rum & diet coke tastes like chocolate when one is carb deprived.
I just told a man not to shove and he goes "this is New York baby, get the f*ck used to it."
Looking forward to your talk in #Chicago tomorrow!
You are a super sonic idiotic disconnected brain infected booger pickin' piece of chicken!!
Seven of our members will be travelling to D.C. next week for #CPAC2012! Please keep our organization in your prayers over the next week.
Wisdom for the ages..;-)
Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs. ~ Anonymous
I have often wondered if my evil twin has an evil twin
I'm guessing this is Karen....
Schilleci's banana fosters is to die for.
lmao I'm gonna make a racial slur so that he will come back
We need easy to build gaming tools for learning. Flash is not that easy to learn. Maybe HTML5?
#nowplaying the motto by drake.
everyhitng you do makes me wanna kill you becasue your such a FAKE (in the bad way) HYPOCRITE
#FF Big Web Company if you want an honestly hard working developer/graphic designer
Me & my best friend were saying "When I say Justin you say Bieber Justin BIEBER, Justin BIEBER!" in class(:
: nothing like a free cup of coffee, but nothing better then a good cup of coffee!
Some Super Shopper drawing prizes: Gift cards from Cute & Cuddly, My Sister’s Closet, Color Nail Salon & Spa & more. + $1000 grand prize!
Anyone. Thanks for the response!
Lmao!!! I promise ya we have some dumb people in our lunch. Hahaha!!!
Get to work
I have been watching off and on today - had no idea it would be such an undertaking.
": Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes."
Goal of the Day: Life can be too hectic. Commit to finding at least 15 minutes each day to relax, reflect and be thankful for what you have.
"I began to feel a certain restlessness, a sense of having been too long in the same place"- Lowell Thomas
if u get food during the game n not commercials ur either in #advertising or ur from #WI and pissed the arent playing sadly Im both
love that guy!
I want to go to the park and lie in the grass all day. <3
's has created model for STEM, education profs team teaching. Soon to be published!
I will let you know soon =D i hope =/
Portland Trail Blazers 83 Milwaukee Bucks 86 End Of 3rd #trailblazers #bucks #nba (Via )
Gary Carter passed away..sad
I'll bring it back some day
God's gotta plan for everything!(:
Great meeting Cindy and Jayme from ConsciousNest_ last night. They're just as cool as you said !
thanks I'll check it out, that's in the area I'm headed to!
Not sure exactly when, probably will be getting it today
ZB!! still in vegas..when are you and visiting? RT : Tiff where u been all my life homie? I hope all is well
Everything's uglier in Windows. Why, why, why, why, why?!?!
Her: "I've never loved anybody." Him: "You've never trusted that anyone could understand you, but I do."
You didn't hear the vocal performance...
yes! You boys should cover Bieber's song "Boyfriend" I would die....
Music coming off the BACK BURNER!
St. Johns?? Are you serious?You can't be this close with Lehigh! #cmonman (chris carter voice)
I'm so glad I finally got to see again today. Its been FOREVER. I missed my best friend so much. There's no one better. :)
Congrats to Tania Armenta, Tourism Pro of the year!
Senior & junior time.
And without a sense of humor, it gets mired in tedious self-pity.
It's the 8th inning, they play Sweet Carolina. Get over it people.
I don't know how people have the stupidity to make fun of people with mental disabilities.
I think it's time for a new pitcher.
blimey right you are Sir. Worked a treat. Good, that's my subway ride home sorted wallowing as City get a podcast big up.
Coaches if you are looking for a kicker Tommy Openshaw is guy you need 6'2" kicker from Jacksonville FLA come join today and see his tape
I'm indecisive. Baked half!
Wow, that's a remarkable story.
Doin my warm up for Dirty Cash tonight. Spinning and old N.O.R.E track I didn't know I had. He used to spit hard body!!!
um today no...im sure he's alive tho....I hope lol
Not perfect but the best I can be & god thinks I'm to die for.
Nothing like a good work-out 2 get you motivated on a cold rainy grey day!
more of a guided internship, I like it
Danny Green and Gary Neal hit back-to-back 3-pointers. The Spurs lead 43-28 with 7:37 left in the half.
there comes a day in life when everyone thinks, "i'm never going to be able to breathe through my nose again." welcome to my life, day.
I've been wanting to hear them try that for years now! That and HYHU->Africa->HYHU.
I can be your biggest fantasy or your worst nightmare!
True :D
is so pretty <3
I pray for the redsox daily so I guess I understand
Over/under on terrible "Luck" puns in tomorrow's papers though?
Not sure I want to travel with you... You seem like the type that may have already passed up on your Lotto Ticket!
As are we! #IAMMEMPHIS ": Looking forward and upward!"
just launched a new and improved Kuento. We invite you to create a profile to promote. The music section will be poppin soon.
yeah, but austin isn't every city! ;)
They stay thristy like ah animal in a desert.
“Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.”
Watching "Knocked Up" for the millionth time... Love me some Seth Rogen.
Is The Ugliest MotherFucker I Ever Saw In My Whole Life .
lmfao, I bet it was fun though!
believe me, I'm ready for them! Its just so stupid that they'd waste more time & money on doing another re-recording. wtf.
Come see us live at The Up & Under Pub tomorrow night (saturday)...we open up the show with Dangerfield and A Line Between. Brady St 9pm
Check out this excellent newspaper story about The Understory!
It wud b so nice if #oomf wud just stop playin around,n give me their number!!!!
Thanks for the follow! Are you familiar with America Recycles Day? www.Americarecyclesday.org
The Wildfire saga continues--like a creative jet stream that runs from Australia to New York!
RT : Time for me to do some seminars at Pilot season will be upon us soon. Time to get reacquainted with some CD's
I LOVE BEING TWITTER BFF'S WITH YOU BOTH!!!
10 year High school reunion .. to go or not to go, that is the question.
LOLL this made me laugh broo
Is #CES any more about games these days than it was years ago or is it still almost all non-gaming electronics and a reason to go to Vegas?
lol, Sims are cool...
I would die for then bitches awe
Looks like the crystal football will stay in the SEC again this year!
yes. Its hott outside already, so why not? :)
Leggings ain't for everybody, espiecially them hippo lookin bitches.
Accidentally clicked "Update All" when I had 23 app updates. I think my phone just had a heart attack.
Manhattan Mini Storage moving into Kenneth Cole territory, and we know where that ends.
ahaha this made my day. Be back tonight around midnight. Christiania day trip and movie night date with on sat?
Good morning world, some nice music on this morning
Sup brother. You Asian? RT Is a little tryout to much to ask for
Didn't know this screening was going to be TOP SECRET
STAR Convention - Las Vegas. Stenograph auctioning off new "clear" Diamante. Starting bid is $3,800!
Yes - the HOMESTEAD - for LESS THAN $100 a NIGHT - CAN'T TOP IT! #VAM2013 /
meek mill signs with roc nation hmm...
Wish we'd known you'd wanted to see the CIS talks -- we could have had the media services folks tape those talks, couldn't we?
just found on omegle
I miss u too lol u gonna call me tonight?
haha it's nuts
lmao xD I love how you just threw fap in there haha
Only person who didn't doubt me , my boyfriend . !
I'm excited to see your piece on tattoos in the workplace at 10pm!
RT if your going to watch the Season Premier of ABDC tonight on MTV?! <3
Why The Hell Are You Watching B.E.T?
Watching Victorious. And i realized... My group of friends is a lot like Tori's. Lol
We've added 3 very tasty breakfast burritos to our menu>the Ultimate Meat & Cheese,Fiesta Steak and Steak & Egg burritos. Sonic
Ok I want to crawl in a hole!!! Mowing and singing to my iPod (Slim Thug) So High and there's a delivery man behind me LOL!!! Dying
This lady had her entire family tree on her back window including a fkn bird and 10 other pets.
true legends in the sport. Heard you saw my friend Rick schwartz at the Shootout earlier this year
Did you know the Earth gets 100 tons heavier everyday due to falling space dust? Does this mean eventually the Earth will fall?
#ObamaBookTitles: Civil Disobedience... Will not be Tolerated.
Republican solution is to pretend there is no problem.
no way!!! maybe she can get them to perform at the iBall
Looking to make my New Year a 2012 to remember. I'm on a mission of success and broadening my horizons!
I think I'm gonna start a diet this summer.. I really hate my body.. -_-
I was really gonna do it all too, ask her to it, buy tickets, buy flowers n all, probably rent a limo, dinner etc. Sounded fun
Anyone can be passionate, but it takes real lovers to be silly.
No sugarcoating...Rockets collapse down the stretch is reminiscent of Choke City.
oh my gosh, kinda!!!
I'm gonna have to meet on the #BlownAway tour!! I just have 2!!!!
lmao sort of
#Starting to think my clock is #working backwards... how can it not be 4 pm yet?!
ok babe ty
I hate these shoes why'd i buy them
CASHERS TOP SUPER BOWL PROP PLAYS: Patriots OVER 5.5 3rd down Conversions YES to both teams making a FG OVER 33 yards (+140)
The power of creation is REAL!!! Try it. Speak it into existence!
If you can afford it, get a copy of Passion 101, it could be the thing you need to jump start you. Much love www.cdbaby.com/rshamar2
You can't "set somebody up" if they don't give a f**k. Better luck next time haha
the disruption will be to gamify and provide dynamic incentives NOT for Demand Response but for Supply Response...how ? wait to see...:-)
sorry guys just getting people for the site no more spam
certain grocery stores have a ton of gfree stuff!! it's not TOO bad.. it's all about planning ahead though!
john cena follow me my id is chrisperkins876 CeNation.for life no one can see u john cena the champ is here
sometimes, being scared is okay. Because in some cases, fear is the only thing that saves you from doing something foolish.
Yay!!!:) just joined my scentsy team!!
Fun night with the buds <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> lol
This weather is nuts! Tennis ball sized hail in August?!
PLEASE follow mee(: it would make my life, I've been trying to get u to follow me foreverr.
Congratulations, superstar! Have a blast!
is a GREAT Artist I just met at the Philly Show. Keep it up fam!
The beer garden should be renamed the nap garden.
You had a hilarious vegan comic on tonight's show, !
i dont know!
Sitting in on a #casting today. So many #talented actors!
Im over here killin these crunchy cheese curls lol
cool beans...
Today must have been "Annual Stupid Commuter Day." Drivers, bikers, pedestrians all had death wishes.
perhaps it's under a pile of swarovski, lol.
Happy hump day & giving thanks for fabulous new followers (whoohoo!) (hey lovely!)
Can this just go away now? RT : Dr. Conrad murray #guilty involuntary manslaughter
I gort my grandma singing marry the night hahahaha
Listening to a Pacha Chillout Classic compilation and it isn't awful!.
I have no reason to be mad at you. No reason at all, okay?
RT You will get signed and sell millions of records AI's Little Spitfire! No sadness here!
You can tell you're in #Cambridge when the graffiti on the bathroom wall is a quote from Sylvia Plath.
In my bunk on the way home. Very thankful for a lot of things in my life.
$10 Off Irish Flowers - Celebrate St. Patrick's Day: March 17th
Sympathy for the Devil - The Rolling Stones | Cool Videos Library
Watching Hope for Haiti Now.
Hope you'll check out our all-star tribute benefit for the #BradPaisley #VinceGill #Emmylou #Skaggs etc
#IAlwaysWonderIf One Direction like me! :O
Axl Rose, dude GET OVER IT! We wouldn't know your name if it wasn't for Gun N' Roses...stop the madness and get your Hall of Fame on!
is drinking coffee at Zingaro
Glasgow at the line :15 left chance to cut lead to 1
Wishing everyone a safe and great TGIF! The weekend is almost here...YEAH...Peace and love to all and thanks for following.:D
Going to see #21JumpStreet with :) bout time to make her feel better
what do u mean "selling out"???
“: #NeverBe in a relationship if you still have a single person's mentality.” You idiot!
I got you boo come on over!
yes. You are right. What was I thinking??? Lol. Happy Mother's Day to you, friend!
S/O to one of the dopest most unique skateboarders of all time. Watching you skate is truly inspiring brother.
I tried to send the ID back police took it I was in for a year.
Classic Rock > any other genre.
Yet another Halloween and also the scary Kardashian wedding/divorce extravaganza! Honestly, what would we do without good books?
I know. And seen just about every marriage either fail or be dysfunctional. *sigh*
I just lost 100 points...that person know what I'm talking about
When I was a kid I watched Home Alone every night for at least a month before Christmas day. I think that tradition needs to be revived!
The spirit of David Tyree is in the building
Excellent idea! I'll try it! There's a fine line between being negative & being snarky, and it's a line I'm constantly toeing.
Are you happy w your kitchen? We can help Black Forest Remodel & Tile WWW.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com Dec special available!
We must not see failure as final. My experience has shown me that failure has a purpose. It gives another opportunity to start over.
thanks Cathy! :-) are you work or college ?
just killed it! They're still alive
I Told Her She Is Pretty .
haha a guy named Drake asked me for my number.
You win. Nothing beats that. RT : Hardcore sex >> RT : Public sex >> RT : drunk sex >>
AS PER USUAL
. Have you read A Deepness in the Sky by Vernor Vinge? Highly recommend.
O,I wanna try that game,...I think>.>
Oh how I love bitching.
fucking cash machine saying it's temporarily out of service, I NEED MY MONEY
One thing I will say for DC: The allergies here are just magnifique.
I went at like 2:30 P.M. Ms. Simoes & Ms. Monteleone yelled at me. How nice ? Mr. Vivolo just smiled. He's cool. Very cool.
looks good
How does government work? We're finding out now ! With ellen teller of #frac and #WTH tammy
Copywriting rules: you're not a property investment portfolio, you're selling financial independece.
Thanks for the #followfriday nod!
I slept for 14 hrs. How am i still tired?
Mr. B's Brahms-Schoenberg Quartet was the juiciest of visual feasts. Like if my eyes & ears could eat macarons.
Nice to finally catch up with the guru of crisis communications,
this Sunday at 9 pm be there or be square!
Definitely want to go to this, let me know if you want a ride!
The first music I ever remember hearing was the superman theme, so John Williams is big on my list
And its sick that all these battles/Are what keep you satisfied
he actually know all my prs
what's that face mean ??
mitt= boring: Mitt up about 10 pts the first night of our South Carolina poll...Gingrich and Santorum close for 2nd.”
dig lark
hope you have a great day
Picked book by its cover; blown away by writing and story of immigrants from DR to NYC. I highly recommend Let It Rain Coffee by Angie Cruz.
Wow!!!!!! I've never seen someone have a picture with both of them. That's sweet! Congrats on that opportunity!
RT : What kind of world do we live in that the has to apologize for the "extinguished" remark on game 5.
i still wish you the best of lucky baby. and dont go thinkin that this was a waste of time. i couldnt forget you if i tried.
Men, how would you feel if your girl cheated on you with your favorite rapper?
- U paid us back when you got that degree.
good work, , for penning this bieber song. i'm ashamed of myself liking it so much.
So tired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Even better pro tip: Proofread it by reading it aloud to someone. RT : RT : Pro Tip for Students: Proof read your paper..
probably shouldn't tell you that I got it for $49 (originally $118)
Why am so irratated easily -.- Sigh
<U+266B> Listening to 'Crosses' from 'Zero 7' <U+266B>
Free Joe Lang
Any day next week looks good. Let me know what works for you. Looking forward to seeing you! :)
Everytime I make a frozen dinner I get inspired to make a really great dish.. But then again, why would I if it's already made & ready to go
The only reason why people hold onto memories, is cause memories are the only things that don`t change when everything else does...
ily and i miss 100% i really need ya to talk to
shutup with ya white ass
Only one rightful place to put the newly announced Bob Uecker statue at Miller Park: among the $1 Uecker seats behind a pillar.
“In the midst of our daily lives, we must find the juice to nourish our creative souls.” Sark
"The soul should always stand ajar. Ready to welcome the ecstatic experience." - Emily Dickinson
EVERYBODY SKATE! peace & luhv ya'll
Happy birthday Lauren. I hope you get everything you wish for!! ox
Sadly, it shows Josh Beckett's total disregard for the fans and his team by playing golf after announcing he is too hurt to pitch.
We were thinking "Grease." RT : Dear #OccupyWallStreet: We've read your demands, we've seen this play before. It's called "Greece."
Content precedes design. Design in the absence of content is not design, it’s decoration. — Jeffrey Zeldman
Good Morning! Blessed to be among the land of the living. He didn't have to let me live.
so AWESOME wish I could be there you guys rock <3
that's one of my favorite songs too. You won't be disappointed when you see them live.
I lost it a long time ago. I've done much better since realizing it.
Im at Therapy 52nd St/9th St
Nice win for ASU last night. Come to Fatso's to watch the D'backs and Cardinals today as well as all the games!
Just stared at Nathan Jerde's HoZac Blackout poster for thirty minutes. Fell asleep. Woke up drunk!
Happy #Friday #Boston!!!!
Dude! How did you know? ;) Thanks for the
Love this RT : i want wine
Being a sysadmin, I feel for the IT team right now. Entire reservation system is down
Its like Lady Gaga and Nicki Minaj are out to prove to the world who can dress the whackiest on red carpets... Not impressed.
Holding back my own credit card while shopping for clients is a form of self torture.
We have definitely lost a legend today!! RIP Whitney Houston.
yeah no problem and hea not on now so but ubknow whobi want to follow me :)
frans frans frans frans frans!!!! It's fran time!
I'm just tweeting because i decided yesterday to tweet at least once a day. Re-dedicating myself to twitter for the first time. Go bills.
That awkward moment when you find out that your exit interview at work is in 15 minutes and not tomorrow. Shiiiiiit :\
stick shift.
Did not even know that show was even on anymore !!! Lol
still coming off of last night's show--so much fun you guys. THANK YOU to everyone who came!
congrats sam adams beer, who do you love just came on the radio and i thought to myself, "hey it's the sam adams beer song"
Just a day, just an ordinary day, just tryin to get by
In the words of Thom Yorke: "You can try your best to please everyone, but it just isn't happening. Cause this is fucked up"
P.S. The Uninvited is next!
Follow us too! Let's work together to get rid of #HFCS!
I'm so damn happy that Game of Thrones is back. Anyone else?
Awww you're just too sweet! I love you and I promise i'll see you around! <U+2764>
Lost the greatest person in the world my grandma. I miss her everyday & I cry becus I miss her so much. a hole will forever be in my heart.
It's raining in buffalo
Sushi time! ;)
still touring! We have about 4 weeks until we are back in LA!
I love mysterious people.. you know people I have to figure out. It's a challenge. I like challenges.
First day of work under my belt
- lmfao !! I'm done with you ! But as long as they ain't small right ?
The moon is void of course all day- your license to relax
what do u mean?
I see we have lots of suggestions here LOL We are TERRIBLE at making a plan. ick. lol. I say let's try someplace new!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!89
I just ate half a bag of goldfish....
These so called bitches are nothing but hypocrites.
ur welcome where u from
Jus now about to go to sleep :/
MSFT's "no compromises" approach has them pleasing neither users nor carriers/OEMs. Pick one and nail it. They didn't. Game over.
I keep forgetting that it's almost Christmas...the mall was CRAZY at lunch today!
I'm going to kill myself now !!!
I sound like an old lady.
#EBUS118 Send me a Direct Message with your Twitter username and actual name - Start your What's Happening box with DM meersman to begin
Never do things others can do and will do if there are things others cannot do or will not do. - Amelia Earhart
Sleepy on a Friday night....
thankful for my family, friends and amazing boyfriend- so blessed :) Happy Thanksgiving!
Issa claims recent DOJ letter "regurgitated misleading no.s and irrelevant internal memoranda discused as legal opinions..."
Whatya gonna do know?
William Shakespeare~ Thou shalt be both the plaintiff and the judge of thine own cause.
“: Spent 2.5 hrs on skype w/ plotting re: s 40hr show. I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT SHE IS TALKING ABOUT!!!
Late nights, bikinis, short shorts, flip flops, sunglasses, sunshine , loud music, pool parties, no makeup ,the list goes on. SUMMER 20'12<3
About to book a business class award itinerary to Bangkok on Thai Airways and Singapore Airlines. Yes please.
If there is one thing in this world that I am actually serious about it's the use of the word "irony."
thats why you see me walkin around like nothin is botherin me
Law enforcement entered oscar grant plaza. Loud bangs, flashes of light
Yes! More of our mystery garden. We bought the house in winter, now we're watching all the mystery bulbs and bushes bloom...
Still in bed cuddled up with channel <3
Um, An empty Keg-- Could be the reason your beer won't pour
I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. Michael Jordan
U must be very special. I worry & pray for you as much as I pray for my own daughter. Keep leaning on the Lord; He's got you
": Is that a bird? No wait, It's the flying fu*k i don't give."
My breath smells like some nasty cheese cake I just ate..
Because u are not use to it.
L is for the liars that had surrounded me I insecurities my head down in these streets F my future there isn't 1 E eternal hope.
The Freak List, the parties in the plaza, tht long ass walk to the caf, if you went 2 #MississippiValleyStateUniversity u kno wht I mean
yo my dude
You could try your best to beat us , but we aren't giving up !
#ThatOnePersonWho can make you smile just by saying your name... :)
RT : OPM: Fed agencies in the #WashDC, area have option for unscheduled leave or telework, due to forecasted snow.
WELL?! Think I'm fixin to go make me Some Turkey Chili to eat as I'm Watchin.. The Packers - Rams.. Then Milw Brewers - St Louis Cardinal's
lol I just have to leave it at that ;) for now...
Humbled and amazed by God's unlimited mercy and grace everyday!
Lisa, Laura, Chris, Matt, and Tom are excited about welcoming all of our supporters who have sojourned to Lake Arrowhead this wkd.
I am going to let go and use the term "omg" to refer to the SMOG from and now I'm relishing the cherry pie. M....
How is China?
THIS JUST IN: The Mac-N-Cheese-Truck WINS the Car Show.
Love this concept! Check out if you enjoy
Booking tour dates for Looking for local acts in Shreveport LA, Texarkana TX, Houston TX and Springfield MO!
If marriage is such a sacred institution why dont more ppl fire to end such liberal divorce laws?
lonnnggg #fun day at the tournament. Highlight: first place in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (: now it's cruise time!
Christmas shopping but there should be snow O-o
omg yes they should I hate that, then the gel was cold and I had to pee so bad!!!!
Championship belt is on the line as and the take on the What game are you looking forward to Wk 3?
Remarkably bad experience flying Delta this weekend. Luckily there are alternatives.
Ignoring someone is a sport! The score right now is 7-7 tied game and it's going into overtime...
Psst... It's late, so I'm whispering, but I wanna say that I love my wife.
thanks for the follow! haha, bowling soon?
haha monumental moment
That's why I reactivated my personal Twitter; I almost posted something snarky to a friend then remembered I wasn't "myself"
Haha! Yeah, I bet it's been ridiculous. I might use it, we'll see. :)
Happy Mother's Day
How many tears must we cry & how many must die before they listen? Meningitis must be stopped. Vaccinate infants-young adults.
Just got home from a good workout and a food run! Lol
Gotta love takin walks on the beach with someone..(:
Not beat tryna sip then eat.
Just walked by another biker with no helmet. How can so many smart people in DC be so dumb?
Follow, follow, follow....#FF! Our picks this week are
Don't give away the same promotional product everybody else does. Be unique. You want to be remembered, right?
You are very crafty.
u not coming by?
Oh sorry, no. A song of theirs came on the K-POP radio I was listening to...
I SMELL BACON.
As a matter of fact, I did.
“: yes absolutely!” building bridges...love it.
Gonna try and convince the wife to let me watch the Tribe game at the bar.
#ImReallyGoodAt being lazy
honestly I dont give a fuck. Your the most bipolar bitch I've ever met
haha i was just getting home of course =P
Happy bout that <U+2709> I got from #oomf <U+263A> #mademyday!
thanks now I can stop constantly refreshing my email lol
Pittsburgh is a beautiful! Amazing weekend. Back to reality
good plan...we try not to support the
Let me know if I left out anything from a sealed basket ;)
--Great to see you ma'am, almost 4am sunday here,just woke up in the middle of the night sorta ,Glad your ok,have Blessed day
Backyard BBQ, Man they Rock!
What the fuck!! Why is it so damn hot!
Thank you so much for including me in the Activists Daily, Ana. I'm honored to appear w/ , too.
its over that
CForce had a good Spring Game and is looking forward to the upcoming season :)
Thanks David! Have a great week!
Tony stark is my hero
yes I play for the SA HITT. :)
MISSING GIRL INFO: Abagail, 5'4" 140lbs, 13, white. Walked away from Wright Middle School 90 min ago (Fish Hatch/Belt area)
They do the wave at Turner Field.
Probably yes, but I honestly haven't met anyone from KY. Lots of known relatives near Lima, OH.
Don't worry about people #unfollowing you. Most of the time it's because they're just #robots. Just keep being you :-)
I,sitting on an antique, olive colored sofa,was reading his favorite novel.He,wearing only a pair of old saddle shoes,gazed out the window.
glad to hear from you both! I'm doing well, wish I could come visit in Chile! Michael, I'll see you at the SAIS event?
Cubeland requirement: earbuds and volume that goes to eleven.
And also, for real, looks more like every week!
Alright lets do this!
Ya thought he was ya dawg? said he was a G? Sounds like anotha co-defendant to me
Driving back to Zanesville is like being an Ice Trucker. Wow... Snow fog is weird. I just washed all the dang salt off van.
Cause im dreaming of you tonight (8) viendo Selina esse!
After my ipod got stolen and my mac died, I was deeply saddened. But now, NOW I can access my itunes and have on repeat. <3
#quotes Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
Women still remember the first kiss after men have forgotten the last. - Remy de Gourmant
My pleasure. Have a great weekend!
Good Morning!
Thanks for the mentions! I certainly appreciate it.
Ima get you high today! Cause its Friday plus its 4/20, you aint got no job, and you aint got shit to do !
Really, YES Network? You're now calling slo-mo "YES-mo?" Reason 57317 to hate the
CanU dig it 4a minute?Let it grabUr interest?Lyrics r explicit,so grab a ticket,2the biggest,wickedest shindig in the business-dont miss it!
"I think you sound like an angel, and everyone else sounds like demons."
i will text you
9:30-11:30 a.m. is prime time. Make sure you give reporters enough time to meet their deadlines. They need three hours to cover a story.
I hear u, throw some 1s 4 me! RT lol not by choice.I was dragged here. I'm in Charlotte. When in Rome tho...
My lesbionic sisters...why w/ the no bra, cut up T, & buzzcut. Add a dash of rainbow jewerly in case you didn't know that they dont do dick
there their they're, patients and patience
Sundays are my favorite.
I will always love and support you !!! Even if I can't go to this one I will make the next(: Hopefully in Cali<33
anytime! Good luck! I'll vote for you when I'm back at my computer.
Transported back to the 1940's gotta love swing dancing!
is a great movie! I highly recommend it. It was the perfect blend of a guy action movie and a chick flick.
avaya unified communications
Just leased a Chevy Cruise from Mike Barnard Chevrolet totally amazing customer service and I love my new fuel efficient car :) Beep Beep
Meditation is not what you think.
Some respect for Hammond called him MR orange Cone. How do we know it is a he!
You suggest I "like" your page. I suggest you see my show.
do you know anything about Baltimore superblock?
Happy Jelly Bean Day!!!! How are you celebrating this special day?????
you need to put in a space before and after the or it won't link
Thank God you blew it, thank God I dodged the bullet, I'm so over you baby good lookin out
well that's true but I don't know why all of America needs to know what we're chatting about! Lol
#UCBLA had another hilarious Maude show last night. The Get Go and Oh Brother rocked it. Plus: I love their music choices between scenes.
Q: How much does it cost to attend? A: $10 for presenters (includes lunch), $10 to attend & eat lunch, free to attend w/o lunch.
i know the feelin
HAPPY MAY DAY, EVERY ONE! #MAYDAY!
thanks for RT - and the blog is about to be published, on 1, 2, 3...
What happened to Spring????
lol my life sucks
I don't get how people have time to take pictures during class? Don't you have more important things to do? Like WORK?
and it's getting cold.. loose fitting sweaters + girl scout cookies = happy Elizabeth
proud dork! *click* wait one more! This time from ur good side please? :p
I believe you lol
tyga ft. chris brown snapback back go HAM
I wish I was 's friend...<3
has a sick style at graffiti!! too dope dude
It's so nice out ohmygoshhhh :)
“: Says football players are just like blondes, they all are fighting for a diamond ring #nfl”<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>
now-a-days its about how quickly you can make the music...not about how well the music is made
HOSTING AT FULLMOON IN Y'BOR TONIGHT! SEE YA THERE!
*goes back to the room, falls across the bed, rolling onto my back. Rubs my eyes, yawning* wonder if there's any pills? Maybe just a nap
I'm really sorry that I missed my friends' book signings, but my son was in town and things got crazy. But my heart was there!
I would not last three minutes driving in Nyc <U+E153><U+E038><U+E037><U+E15A><U+E15A><U+E15A><U+E11C>
Aw man...sorry it wasn't too good earlier. Glad that you're feeling better tho
Hahaha. Thanks for the shout out! Our Dream House might be a little quieter, though :)
THANKS FAM, ONE OF MY FAVORITE BEANIE SIGEL SONGS. "IM THINKING POUNDS FOR CLOWNS, YOU SHAKE MY HAND LIKE A GROWN MAN"
ah, I see.
A2. Ours is the Golden Gate Fortune Cookie factory in SFO which was just a guy asking for money while people did laundry in the back
Good work Fella!
hello! Friend still in town?
Sometimes I do the dishes just cause they're dirty.
Friday morning crew. Did somebody say body shots? (cc: )
ugh. I hate greyhound racing. When will people stop abusing animals and allow them to run for fun and be happy?
#Congress: “#Afterschool programs provide a #safe and structured environment for children” –Mary
Happy Easter, everbody!
if schools wanted to teach bike safety, they'd first need money to purchase bikes.
Suet, first attempt, today. See you at Market tomorrow!
Studio sesh, meeting, then I think I'm gonna go see Avengers and see what the hyped about
Let's talk citizen science! Join us for mini #tweetup in bar at 5pm
Ugh. The fire alarm inspection really did not help my headache.
Swag champ... Yea I got the belt
just because you're nice doesn't mean you're weak
dang u dnt live in houston do u?
bruhs will be participating in the on friday and on Saturday
love them!!
I want him to volunteer somewhere. It's good for him. :)
Thanks friend!
excuse me YOU'RE!! GTFO
It all comes down to this.. I miss your morning kiss
If you can dream it, you can achieve it- InSpotter mobile app
Not bad... But the maturity level would make it a bitch. =P
Hmm....that name sounds really familiar to me. Is he perhaps a Brown graduate?
Thx to everyone who shared their fave #Superbowl Snacks! We've placed $5 driving on your accounts; maybe you can use it for snack shopping?
It's ok L Breezy we need u to b in kill mode
both of the ones i'm part of are boring coins ones. one on the RIC project in the linked data/ancient world session
I used to care, but I take a pill for that now
life is good.
And again, , what is your position on marriage equality? How many stories have you done on the need for this?
Thank you for making returns so easy!
Pet peeve
Love is when you love to kiss him/her again and again though you pretend that you don't like to
Acme Hotdogs has spectacular Butter Sugar Cookies made by Appalachian Granny! Pick some up today! Cleveland Av., north of Morse
Awesome bro! So you're twitterpated again?...maybe that's not the right word...no...I don't think it is...oh well...
rich does 0 work, pays 0 taxes. Middle class does all work, pays all taxes. Poor are there to scare the shit out of the Middle Class
Need some Bulls apparel to take to Mom? Stop by and pick up some at great deals!
And nobody from outside Michigan is going to understand that whatsoever.
I've been following your work for about a year now...keep up the creativity...you're very inspiring!
. Customer service is SO bad.
is it the npr one?
I have very short time please follow and get followed
Yes I know
When stairs are right there, I don't walk on escalators. Granted, I'm usually carrying my bike. But still.
ah, fun. 15mo refused to eat dinner tonight until I gave him a fork. Oh the screaming.
young wild and free, best song
Any #NZwine and cuisine pairs planned for this week? RT with your pick!
Unfinished Brazilian Teak 3/4" x 5" - Add the beauty of wood to your space.
Have an amazing time at Colorado State Finals! Good luck to you and all the other teams!
When someone says they have your back, it often means "turn around so I can stab you" What happened to loyalty and ethics!
congratulations on signing with #Columbia Records. Can't wait to hear the album.
negotiated -- not well, but not terribly. No one died. Let's leave it at that.
I'm getting to that point where school is not important to me at all. I do nothing all day. I don't like it here.
If you could have ONE thing...ANY thing...what would that be?
Also, PINS. Pins of both the bobby and the safety variety!
Can't wait till Raven Symone comes out w another single/album/soundtrack! luv Cheetah Girls! :)
thanks for the follows! have you heard of the #UWP???
"We're going down, down in an earlier round - And Sugar, we're going down swinging." ::fall out boy::
Dumb ass hill
Do you know how many gift cards I'd have to purchase if Mothers Day was everyday?!?!?!?! 365.
Is he the one for me or are we not meant to be.?
That was EXACTLY what I wanted to see...those boys are ready
The start to Gamel's steal was pathetic. AJ Ellis should be embarrassed he couldn't throw him out.
Officially decided to study Speech and Hearing Sciences. Pre-Med, here I come!
eye opening! I interviewed a few guys and asked Harbs a question during the press conference
hey there! thanks so much for following us! (: be sure to follow & listen to too! xoxo
RT : I'm missing wicked hotness! Happy New Year Sexy Ladies!!
thank you for tweet mention <U+E443>
My fingers hurt like so bad
Every block and every step in your dream journey has its purpose..
Super excited for #CMMeetupBOS with and tonight!
I am fucking determined to have a good fucking day. Which Means I will probably need more fucking bullets. #TGIF #fail <U+E416><U+E113><U+E421>
we should hang out some day over the rainbow.. no? oh.. cool.. mmk..
I'm in love with and 's avi. They look beautiful
Happy birthday to Wally's mom!
Yes-Falling asleep after 4am & getting up at 8am is a bit rough. Going to make this day a good one though-with the help of a cup-o-brown
People Confuse Love For Who They Spend the Most Time With
You got smurfed in the smurf.
Style is very much owning a look and becoming that character
It's not so important who starts the game but who finishes it.
My 5 year old needs to get himself a job!
No way! No booty shake from me. I can't make it look as good as Denise did.
- when is the next #LeadFromWithin ??
Two days of filming down....4 to go!! I am SO PROUD of my cast!! They are OUTSTANDING!!
butch car + gay color I love it
Ci... http://./public_html/administrator/components/com_feedgator/news/texas-news/central-texas-news/item/15255-city-manager-may-get-a-bonus
his are the best
hey its augie remember me?
RT if you can't wait for 2012 <3
lol not Homy Ghost, was the audience doing the fast clap?
And now I get to watch my sister shop. FUN!
Thanks for the shoutout ! Can we get a #FollowBack ???
yes yes they are... Lmao
LOVE you and I will always support you! I cried watching your elimination. You didn't deserve to go home at all<U+2665> 2
I got nuthin'.
I am so MAD about who got voted off American Idol!
watched all streaming episodes, can't wait for the new ones
People that dis on are jeleous cuz they cant ball like him! Let's go rebels! #let'srun
you should come to the orlando marble slab. then i can meet you! :)
Purely as a mental exercise, if Sanders turned SD around, and BD turns it again, that sounds bad.
Anyone know what night the #Grammys are on? Looking forward to missing them again this year (and next year and the year after that).
....So in my lesson learned - I hope that no one that has followed me understands why I have not followed back - Twitter has chained me.
yeah dude Priscilla packed me a snack and everything! I aired up my ball!! Hahaha naw kidding I've been xboxin this bitch up
~I don't know what's worse: people who lie or people who think I am stupid enough to believe the lies~
Make #savelapl trend so everyone knows about the rally. Really need this.
Hi!! I've done that, too! D'oh.
Dessert looks DELISH! Hope you enjoyed it...
for sure. I'll get back to you on that.
what was the reason before 2010??
Wake up stds by asking why they came to school - if "had to" is heard, change their psyche to "wanted to" via your actions.
FREE BEER TASTING & Live music & POP's cheesesteaks with premiere amateur Fighting at South Point FIST-IVAL tomorrow, 4/7; 4-10p. Be there!
I dislike AR for that reason. Who cares if they don't "comprehend" it all, let them enjoy!
Love the infographic. ("normal" people)
make sure to check out and
If you never give your heart fully, you'll never be fully disappointed.
This is the end of a chapter not the story of my life. It's not over until God closes his book upon Jesus return.
~Thx for the thx! Last night I thought, "why did I post that?"but that TIM+TOM is honored by Tim made me feel better about it ~
aah sorry ... just joking with ya. :)
RT : A beautiful life does not just happen, it is built daily by prayer, humility, sacrifice and love. Dennis Castillo
Back pain? Call Dr. Black.
": The only thing I need from you now, is solitude."
How is it? Saw the flavor and was wondering if it was based on the Dolly Madison snack. I see from the description that it is!
I don't subscribe to the whole reptilian humanoid conspiracy theory, but if anyone is a reptilian humanoid it is Jon Hamm.
HELLO!!! TWITTER WORLD!
You forgot a comma after "resolution."
admit it. you've atleast once done 'the duck face'. 'nuff said.
Hogg: Key to metadata policies in the cloud is to have strong, defined, validated service level agreements.
Ray Negron and Joe Stiglitz today, Manil Suri tomorrow -- it's sales conference week!
#AAM2012, May 1, 9AM, Copyrights, Wrongs, & the Creative Commons: panel presentations from , MIA, U of M, Yale, and Columbia.
their sound makes them current ( as do their collaborators, who ought be used sparingly), but their songs make them relevant.
You may delay, but time will not. Benjamin Franklin
Anyone wants to commute together to #SWRedmond from Downtown Bellevue at 6pm?
that's too much doe
CSU-Pueblo servers down during finals week
hey bro, I just joined my 1st dynasty lg and its a start up too. Im thinking its a diff stategy than normal? Watcha think?
Belief, disbelief: // each the same false relief: // unknowable truth
Yeah I know. I was so confused I guess I don't really need closure.
yes! Ill eat my own baby food
Great photo of 16th Probably an advantage for players like me. Aim for bunker, land somewhere nearby (on green!)
50% of teachers leave within 5 years!! The discussion now is WHY????
Someone sent me a reference request in Dutch. I do not speak Dutch.
Yes only Tweet 100 limit time that it
IAN McCULLOCH has new album in the works. (I, for one, always preferred Big Mac's solo work) NYC show at Le Poisson Rouge on sale now!
Worst excuse for not turning in homework: I couldn't find anyone to copy it from
Good Morning #NYC! I'm sick, but not down...well, not exactly up yet. Getting up soon.
any hard copies of the new mixtape? if so where at?
nyquil...my one shot of the night
This is hands down the worst officiating I have ever seen in the nfl. God awful.
I am INCREDIBLY irritated by the people in my house. LEAVE PLEASE. x
The bot that's following me has a disturbing pic; can some new bots follow me so it gets bumped off my Twitter frontpage?
talks about her mentors at #upstream2012. So great to have a mentor!
The person that factors receivables is called a “Factor” and the individual or business that works with a “Factor” is called the “Client”
do u have a feel for the breakdown of first time scripts to refills for an average pharmacy? Avg Wait times?
I think everyone else is just wrong.
I think twitter is the perfect place to go to be "in the loop" and know what's going on in the world,
Welcome to the Canyon China, Welcome to the boat , Our best whises to Minneapolis, welcome aboard.
You know it sister. Gerry and I will be there around 10
aw its adorable :) :)
Oh crap ite
I returned to Facebook just to help me find a place to crash and already it's probably sucked 15 minutes away from me.
Thank you for RTs. We are just trying to bring attention to this problem.
Check out #PencilChat for a funny (but powerful) analogy for technology integration in education.
real enough for me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
RT : I'm at The Ritz-Carlton (Dallas, TX) // One of my heroes is in town and no way for me to meet him. :( Have a good visit, Woz!
Spring into a NEW U w/ a NEW 'DO! Go 2 www.drwiggys.com & view R gallery & call 855-DRWIGGY 4 a free consultation or email
New office is officially "mine"--put my nameplate up. With double-sided tape, but up is up.
I had one but my country ass grandpa uses to threaten to eat it o.0 they make wonderful pets though
Saw Avengers. Great movie It was the blue eyes, right? My wife said she'd bail me for him too. Wtf? I'm taller..
the babies wanna hang
RT Polling time! Pic From San Antonio event #expertsystems >> COOL!
Do drugs tip you off when there's a sercret Foo Fighters gig?
Big thanks to Laurie Winters, Director of Exhibitions, ! So glad you were able to speak at "An Evening with the Arts"
See, that's just what they want you to think!
His drunk ass momma tho :/ ugh
I plan to be spontaneous.....tomorrow.
Im gonna kick butt playing legend of zelda today!! YEAHH!!!! \m/>_<\m/
Yeah I'm not crazy about the #NYRB coach. Watch #Agudelo really bloom with Chivas USA.
I can almost smell the new bodies just waiting to come inside the dungeon this year we are all waiting September 30th the fear begins!!!
Glad to have several new followers! Thank you
Last I checked, it was 5GB.. not three.
Have you talked to your momma yet?!
MVP...MVP...MVP! Joey Votto with the walk off win for the
I didn't know what the singer for looked like. Now I know, and I wouldn't have guessed. Not *bad*, just not what I might have expected
I believe those are three shot glasses in front of Speaker Boehner.
I think the NFL got it right in the severity of the suspensions of the 4 saints players, I now have ZERO respect for Johnathon Vilma
I find it hardest to be a human being when I've lost my internal footing - things don't come together - I don't feel centered - like now...
Can we send LASIK consultation coupons to the umpire staff in Boston?
sup merc i been listening to #pil2 album its too classic fuck politics
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ A person reveals his character by nothing so clearly as the joke he resents.
Watching AMA with my love
i'm not outta school yet
sick of wat
lets make sure to trend it before the day ends hahaha! xo
2 in 3 consumers say that their basic mobile or cell service is an untouchable item within their budget.
The #redsox right now are like those websites that throw huge full-page ads in your face every time you go to them. All flash, no substance
Nailed a spot in THATCamp Prime. I'm stoked!!!
you and me both!
Happy 4th everyone. Be safe!
good luck on dancing with stars hope you win it all i am voting and pulling for you
normally I would say yes, but today is Amy's bday so it is her day. Nice dinner then party at
": Your actions tell me what your mouth won't say" RT says it LOUD
Although I'm against the flu shot I'll get it for you
nothings better then bein sick and eating a bowl of cereal and watching the looney tunes!! :D
see ya Saturday?
Glad to hear it! :)
MOTHER FUCKN FOLLOW ME :)
I remember the luxury of WATCHING movies. Now all I have time for is MAKING them. I miss it terribly, but I wouldn't trade it for anything.
network error, neither side took a loss. Gone be back on in a little while
I LOVE the dandelion wall painting and sun ceiling light!! Her room is going to be adorable!!
": NY RT : u in Miami or NY?" I'm either coming to NY or going 2 mia this wk. Depends on
I have the best boyfriend ever! His so sweet, loving, funny and clever! Shame his in my dreams though
I would vomit... again
An international conference of world leaders. It's the NATO conference.
Brandon Wright
....hates being given the short end of the rope!!!.
well, a lot of people have told me he uses singers for pocket money for hiself well when he has with Dylan and etc.
I have witness light skin privilege in the work place, but not at my current job. Their is light skin privilege in the CJ system.
Reminder to FOLLOW ME! Donating 50 dollars per 500 #followers to by easter! Help raise some money for a great cause
#HappyBirthdayMamaMahone hope you have a great day !
You should join us next Sunday!
she is just cruel! I'm sorry sweetie.
thanks for mention my friend
just said it was the most secret mission in US history. Ever heard of The Manhattan Project you FOOL!
Never do anything to get anyone jealous or mad etc etc...it will backfire on you sooner or later <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Haha. Sounds good!
Tried out Merzi-the new quick Indian place on 7th NW. Pretty good. Gave leftovers to guy on train who just got out of prison.
They have Axe for girls..
Wow you are AWESOME!
What does everyone think about the new Taylor Swift & The Civil Wars song Safe & Sound?
#ripple is just hours away from submitting our updated iPad app to Apple! Anyone want a sneak peek? :) Reply.
Lumberjill attempt failed! I was not able to throw the axe at a target:(
And Bolton scores to tie Stoke...
Just shot 3 under 69 at Bluff Creek. Now off to Lake Tonka Town to ski the night away
Ann Hood writing process: Write 2 hrs/day. Start w read prev day's work aloud & edit; then continue. Edit as go = less edit later.
Wow, you're getting around. Sound delicious!!
heeyyyy twitter!! Cant wait till tmr #saturday (:
Please welcome Randzoo to the Max life
stop touching yourself
I and I had SO hoped that I would be Eponine! Rats.
yea. Definitely
While I was driving my sister said "I'm gonna choke you when you stop the car." #SayWhat!
It's not so problematic w. Wilde because I have read almost everything he ever wrote. Reading all of Goethe would take me ~40 yrs.
Hey, thanks for the share!
possibly, 60% chance of rain and about 40, but I would be willing to 5 it.
I told her meet me in the bathroom. I fux her while the water running. #houseparty life yeeee
My Old High School Caught On Fire. ,:/
Getting ready for the first pub crawl that I've organized! The pubs are going to give us special discounts and I can't wait to hang out!
T3 Though costly now, is it short sighted to avoid the new? I don't want to save $ today at the expense of tomorrow's breakthrough
2 more days till weekend! Yay! Shit... what am I gonna wear?
RT In the future, we'll cross-breed Joseph Gordon Levitt & Zooey Deschanel to produce a human being unstoppable across Tumblr.
Hahaha SAME(: I Lovee Their Accents!! I Am Stalking Christian Beadles Pics On Facebook <3 Ah He Is So Gorgeous!
Uuggghhh i cannot believe I'm getting grounded for something i never did. This is soo wrong :((
Finally get to the hotel, me and my fam get into an elevator with 3 drunk assholes. They decide to press every single button. LMFAO
followed back xo
That was so fresh! Much appreciated. Glad to be on your team. Win 100 Grand. Atlanta supports team black, Escape Route.
K..TELL Mi BABY OCTAViUS i LOVE HiM!...<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
I have the power to create ANY interpretation of reality I choose. Today, I shift my perception and things shift for me.
An Alcohol Addiction: Definition Of Addiction
RT : Have the Courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. – Steve...
RT“ catch flights not feelings .”
not creepy. Would only be creepy if he picked it out for you lol
I got sorted into Slytherin on Pottermore. Well, Slytherin it is.
Happiness is Homemade
apparently there was a flea on rich peverly's face that needed hurting.
Soft raking flames of morning light illuminate ancient palempest of human life scribed into the manuscript of this green land.
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
Taking the MAT today. It's been a few years since my last standardized test, but at least this one is short and isn't the GRE. Wish me luck!
I was justifying it to myself by justifying it to you!
If stole is the past tense of steal, is "stoled" like a double negative? Double past tense, maybe?
Loe needs to sit for a long time-RR should know this-he pitches him too much. It was obvious tonight he didn't have his stuff.
today is going by so slow
As a guy who respects his game, glad he went to place he can play soon RT Great situation for you here... Hillman to Broncs
Im a #SavageBeast!!! With
: So far, so on par | “: is the only social platform that makes me laugh, smile, think and remember good times.”
Gap,Gap,Gap= God Answers Prayers!
sounds like a good plan to me! I'm sure will tell you the Manuel Antonio area rocks.
talk to your boy Burns about that one
Yep. I was ok with us taking the TD in that case. IN this one, the dude should have fallen down.
Hahaha I know right. SMH weak! Dev gets no love.
Just overheard: "I don't even remember what Dukakis looked like".
Falls Road Carry Out 4100 Falls Rd, Baltimore, MD. HOT STEAMED CRABS for dinner?
Gym swag
"California Cheese Rider"..
no problem man, we're glad you like it!
....you're the man. You get a humpback whale!
I have no idea who this kid #JordanyValdespin is but he just put the #Mets up over the #Phillies! Off #JonathanPapelbon no less!
....ALREADY... the most wonderful day ever, with warmest wishes from,me Tom Tomalin x (ps in the middle of seeing JLS rock my..
Thanks for following and Welcome!
Allow me to be your fortune cookie: "Beware the man with the little pee pee. Your lucky numbers: 15, 33, 4, 21, 22, 6."
An update for the iOS app is now available in the App Store! Go download it and don't forget to rate it 5 stars! ;)
LOVED PLL tonight!!! Although if I dont find out who A is soon i might have to go to rosewood and find out myself!
May sound like homer here but...interference...hit his body. Schenn left his feet too. Didn't hit his head.
Good! That kind of bias against women (and moms) drives me nuts. Lots of moms work in tech for crying out loud! :D
Pulling an all nighter to read this book and write a 6 pager
I said bye.
lol. I have no clue what you were talking about but Hell made me laugh lol
It's like, I don't want to keep texting them and risk them getting mad but I'm really anxious!
Sam Edelman, your beautiful sandals are not made for walking.
As As As As As Bitxh shut the Fuxk up ! yo booty stank ! (Only me) (:
Today is gonna be a good time. Gotta meet with some agents.
RT : If you'll only be home for Christmas in your dreams, I guess I can't count on you to help with the dishes.
I cant go to sleep now..... omfg <3
Thanks. This was a really good piece.
I feel like the photo of people playing Cricket in a non-descript Asian country is taunting me when I login to Twitter. BC I dont understand
You finished studying for the test?!
Push it two the limit.
will be hosting major events in the #DMV #TDOT #TX #CALIBAYBAY #NYC >>>>Follow Support our Troops!
I'll know more re: effectiveness when I read final papers. I couldn't tell what they were discussing from my vantage pt
Wife is talking about me working out. Somehow it doesn't sound right when she says "look at your little results" :/
I love it I love it I love the way you eat it.
90's were the years of the Locked Door parties. Ah, good times...
he wasn't, that's why I want to be friends with him.
Nice to see the Hart of the order come through in the clutch
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Colts owner Jim Irsay says the team is releasing quarterback Peyton Manning after a 14-year run that included one...
So excited to make the dress she won at #pivotboston!
Is it bad that I'm craving a Corna, better yet, a Panama?
also weird, when youre on the elevator and both ppl are clearly having that awkward moment of silence. It's polarizing lol
Listening to the new Malkmus album. So far, so good!
Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?
of course your moms cooking is good she learned from my mom
indiana smoking ban debate now under way in senate ...
No regrets thats what her tatt says
On the 15th of May, Eyal<U+0092>s interview at KravTalk
How is going to a bar and having a couple drinks considered a relapse? Give Josh Hamilton a break
but fuck who u want and fuck who you like! THATS OUR LIFE NO END IN SIGHT!
Thank you! you're super cool Dave, not to mention cute. I'm in NY. would LOVE to see your standup act.
Robert Cunard Modeling Agent is getting a great response from his Episode of MTV HIRED! Thanks for all of the support guys!
More posters going up around #Nashville today for , , , and Greg Brown so keep your eyes peeled!
sweet! I can swing by around 1:30?
Aww thanks for the Love sis! I had fun with you yesterday. So much Light!
come on mavs! Durant just beat you with one shot!
Don't forget to send us your music so we can RT! Support the movement...
2012 a powerful year!! What better time than now to reinvent yourself!!
Great workweek. New contacts, new projects. Hello, golf; hello weekend. See you Tuesday.
Type 2 #diabetes is increasingly being diagnosed in children and adolescents.
please follow ! its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY ! GO FOLLOW & ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME! XOX!
Bringing Goretorium to Las Vegas? Details please :) ... (Nick Karvounis )
You know what happens when you're a douche bag to every girl? You end up having to date an ugly or desperate girl because no one wants you.
Amazing day full of new initiatives and networking. #somuchtodosolittletime!
Ohio libraries: There is a problem with the AT&T connection--no ETA yet on fix. We'll try to keep you posted.
Well he is already hitting better than Janish!
Some people walked into my life and made it better, but you walked out and made my life super fantastic.
Free Screening: powerful story of #eatingdisorder, loss & hope catch it on 10-16 at jccmetrowest W Orange
Yeah Giants!! More importantly, my boss will be in a good mood tomorrow.
just admitted those were fouls
it looks like it is! Maybe it like the attention hah :)
I NEED you 2 come2 America I LOVE you, u have talent like no bodys business, and are beautiful and a role model
Give your memory a boost by trying something new. Learn a new language, meet new people, take a different path home from work.
we all have our ways x;D
You haven't spoken to me in weeks.
Channing Tatum rockin' the #Tribe cap. Nice!
New kid over for a playdate, and husband is cleaning guns at the table and I have the Clap-Off Bra pulled up online. What a nice family!
I seriously just met a psychic.. Lol
Who wants to buy a slightly used #Tebow jersey?
just saw this..sydney.you are awesome.
The refs really do have the voice of god, though.
soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur, happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr purr purr <3
RT Fridays are crap without
He was chilling. I did speak with him, but he wasn't feeling his best. But I agree a life gone too soon.
We're back in this!
- THANK YOU for answering my question about Google+. It seems that many people whom I admire have dropped G+.
I love your attitude. Where'd you get it, Ambercrombie & Bitch?
I love mama's... Happy mother days, BEAUTIFUL ladies!
So it's been way to long since ive talk to either of you! So here's me saying HELLO!!! :)
maybe you're still napping? :-p
OMG tweeps!!!! ZOMBIE strippers, holy cripes baby birds!!!! LOL wanna play with my friend and me?
Authentic #leadership... It's the way to lead.
Holistic lecture at IONS Tucson all based on clinical trials absolutely fantastic, confirm epigenetics, or neurogenetics
Yea I guess
How Did You Go about your Layout an form, I'm also tryn to change My Notes Into Pages!
i miss you 2
burnin' up burnin' up show em what you got ;)
My boss told me I can't get on AOL at work...but she was all over Yahoo...the Fuck?!?!
How was your fourth of July?
. Brewmaster Jeff is AWESOME and a super nice guy to boot! we <3 our neighbors at GB!
u got the duck face
I just woke up and no one was home but I think my grandpa was telling me that he was going some where when I was sleeping lol
what an idiot! Vote him out
that sad moment.
We live in a generation where they throw out "I love you" to there three day boy/girlfriend.
nothing like the smell of napalm in the morning....
writing up some notes on O'Reilly Cloud Security & Privacy webcast; I feel a blog post coming...
Vegans are modern day hippies !!!
I get that a lot! Aha
suck one
Stop! Hammer time!
And? RT Matt Hasselbeck's bro, Tim, picked Titans for PM on ESPN free agent show. -- Rob Anthony ()
Chris Ray. 2 IP tonight, no hits, 2 K's. for the Mo: 11 IP, 6 hits, 2 Walks, 11Ks. Is Chris Ray back?????? backup plan for League???
The fight for glow sticks is on....
words i may or may not take back to the states w/ me after 10 days in london office: posh, nutter, keen, chuffed, probably more...
GO DUCKS! Tough challenge. Big opportunity.
I'd #FF and , but you probably already are following them. they are... just... THAT .... good.
Doing pretty well, m'dear. I've been off the social mediaz a while, but I'm slowly getting back into it.
? What happened to getting the phones...
A&B ticket Sat. 85 bucks going once going twice I got a bid
Listening to the airport orchestral version of how do I live with out you at lax... surprisingly tasteful arrangement...
will gather at their Silent Auction, 5/1, 6-9 PM, Poe Middle Schl. More info at fairfaxchoralsociety.org Catered by Hard Times Cafe. COME!
that's terrible
Great win today. We needed that.
YES!!!! “: Our fiscal birthday week is here! You pumped?”
I know I never do shit. Lol. Once I get up out this brace I'll be tweetin all the time !!
That is hot! Secondly, she is not conventionally attractive (like me) but she is indeed attractive and her body is off-the-chainhook
Why? No one is ugly! U am 10000% sure tht ur are perfect just the way u r! Just the rigjt people can see it! <3 :)
I have never been so car sick in my life. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
You have to be really down for someone to help them clean their house.
perfect! See you then :)
That awkward moment when your toes crack.
Wish I was @ library camp! Heading to Monterey tomorrow for
u n me both!!
On The Road: Quad Rugby
I just sent you some information. Thank you!!
#Follow the crew!
My daughter also has Senioritist! Ugh. Can't wait until the school year is over. Torture!
I found my neww twitter bestiee!!!!:))
can I hear #onedirection ? :)
Client update: Visit at #ASCO2011 conference, June 3-7 in Chicago. Visit their exhibit and booth #22025. www.SiliconBioUSA.com
Where can citizens go to have actions of police monitored and/or investigated?
Mom chill its juss my bed thats not made
It's June 2nd.
Yes!!! Last karaoke singer singing to a No Doubt song. The night has bern salvaged! :D
Good couch action ": who enjoys sex on the couch?"
#DaveWolf: mobile is driving desktop design. MODEVUX
It's funny in times of adversity that you find out who your real faith family is and who is just reciting a catchphrase...
Looking for a job is so stressful! I don't wanna grow up.
Tip to Live By: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in Amarillo!
#dearyyoungself I have your dream within your reach. Keep opening those doors.You can do it!
This class if just dragging on.. Just get me too lifting!
no problem :-)
happy birthday
Oh rough day....but hey tomorrow never dies, right? How are you?! Bet you have more free time w/ tax season being over!
NC State and Cin play today the good games are this weekend
I'm going to convince my mom to take me and my cousin there before she goes to work
omg, I want that! I have been wishing it would happen.
Got choked up tonight while watching Jamie Wilson's story about a wounded soldier with an inspiring attitude.
(Not sure I ever expected to put and seaworld in the same tweet!)
proud of the ladies at , they are in cannes doing their thing! They came to work!!!!! get em ladies :-)
What is the point of making doctor appointments when they keep you waiting anyway?
“: Pussy weed and alcohol” EveryDay All Day..
at the bar that dare not speak its name.
Thanks for your kindness! RT : #iacpnyc doing an AWESOME job w panel on partnerships btwn bloggers & businesses.
We need all our friends to like us on Facebook!
thanks for the mention...have a great week...!!
Read rate for text messages: Over 96% 5x higher than emails. So why are you still sending emails out to customers? Text me : 916-420-6020
when this song kme on im spending money play something i kan spend some money 2<<<<wiz
um, okay whatever YOU say! LOL
#TheyNeedToBringBack to & while they r at it don't let another cast member go right now.
#BBN RT Sick, sick crowd at The Cliff tonight...gotta bring it again tomorrow!
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Unless your name is Google... stop acting like you know everything. lol.
P.S. This thunderstorm is perfect.
Always remember that, no matter how useless you feel, you're someone's reason to smile
I would like to meet a person named Christian who's Muslim or a person named Muhammad.
thanks for the #FF!! It means a lot to us!
Followed back (:
Chicken biscuits w/hash browns!!
He deserves Whatever bad comes his way.
#IRememberWhen My Girl video use to come on. And I would run to the tv just to watch it.
Thanks for tuning in, Beethovenfest!
Just waking up its a new day
solo true!! They all want a hand out!!
finally watched #Trust. You. Killed. It.
Won our match! Beyond #pumped love you boo!
People need to relax about the bulls loss yesterday. Down 21, Rose's first game back, Rose and Rip first time since April 5. Still forced OT
Tomorrow: Go Higgs. Or go home.
Finally getting into Jello Biafra! My punk-o-meter just went up a few more.brutal notches. Thanks !
Does anyone have a YouTube recording of the weekend show??! I don't have a comp and I can't watch stickam on my phone
Thank you for the favorite!
Nail broke im like depressed now......
You poor bastard. Oh, and hi!
Live music this weekend! Jimmy T. kicks off the fun on Friday from 7-11 pm then get down with Mirage on Saturday night from 7-11.
lol whats good? I'm just grabing some food real quick then it's whatever
Everybody always say lebron would beat that ass if something happen, man lebron scared as fuck he the only "great" who's never put in work
So my resolution is to make people remember me.
I'd learn more in my online improv class if I wasn't still on dialup.
Forgive don't forget. Respect don't expect.
hey, thanks'
Sorry to have to miss Sports Lawyers Assn annual conf, but happy to be enjoying Commencement Weekend w/our students!
I adopted two kids from another sperm donor and raised them as my own. Both are happy successful people. They call me DAD!!
#onlyif people talked to me :(
Listening to my Cuz's Internet Radio show while getting throught to so many emails. OMG! Ive been at this all day!
Thoughts and prayers with the lost loved ones and tragedy in Norway.
stop texting boys.
any, rather.
Congratulations to David & Beth!
I want that shirt
Laura Chapman: being competitive is not the same as innovation. Beware the iron triangle of innovation, competition and jobs.
got my gummies & big red and ready to learn thanks to !
“: You are more likely to get throat cancer from oral sex than you are from smoking.” what???
Q6: Where's the best place to find interns or internships?
"I am one boob, you are the other boob & together? Breast friends" bahaha!!
damn I wish more women felt that way.
thinks people who don't respond to email-not even to say "I don't have time to read this now but I got it and will look later" suck
Yep wifey type but might have to transform it...
My friend in Colorado got one too.
That's my job to enhance our talents given abilities. Great Work!
we need to hang this weekend
They talk behind my bitch back, they musta seen her ass then
congratulations for renewed tier 1 status on the state's preferred hospital list!
same time that resilience became resiliency...sketch traded the y for a vowel to be named later
There will be plenty of pictures :)
I'm really wondering what the difference in quality (if any) is between the replicator and more expensive 3d printers (eg Z corp)
if I didn't have work tomorrow morning I would <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Today, I was sitting next to Vicer and listening to music. <333 c:
Thanks for your support, Daddy'O! Have a great day!
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes what to do if a spouse becomes extremely ill or disabled.
i know right...what can you do with someones twitter account....dumbasses
sometimes I enjoy pointless crap too :P
Home from work, 13 hour day! Left a very promising happy hour with a very beatable number YOY. Let's get that comp!
waynes ace is nasty he's the best pitcher we faced all year he throws like 85-88 and has a nasty curve ball
We're playing The Double Door in Chicago tonight. Shows at 9 so come hang.
oh ok :p well remember to bring it so you can start tanning haha
All in about a year. I think that's brilliant.
Staying with my sister for the holiday. Watched more Nickelodeon cartoons in two days than I do in a year.
Lincoln and Gresham tied 14-14 in the 2nd qtr...and the rain continues to pour
Had a great time with some friends in from out of town... The French Quarter was NUTS! Now back to Saints daydreaming ;)
great night. Someone should've taken a picture of the stunning redhead in the back of the room.
Thanks for the props John!
#FollowReader Really looking forward to the new Murakami!
Perfect love is rare
u say douche bag in sapnish : Idota it also means asshole
NOT MY BABY
Getting very excited about #cbb2012 and my first ever trip to New York.
So when's it going to be cool for celebrities to say they had a good time at their high school prom?
This Reevers fella on your airwaves... boy. Just put any old nonsensical homer on the air, I guess...
Preparring to consume a beer at a pub. Just one. For now.
Randy Butternubs is the only name I will use at a coffee shop ever again.
I knew we should have gone to bells earlier. Instead of watching rufio hit on girls......
cool :) I don't have school till the 10th of August :)
I would
Have a good weekend! :)
I loathe people who keep dogs. They are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves. ~Author Unknown
agree completely! I do miss Dudar in there but come on last yrs team would have given up before 2nd half
and compared to the other answers your's was actually pretty much the most normal one. Humans frighten me
Do the things you know, and you shall learn the truth you need to know. -Louisa May Alcott
Casper is darker than you are trick!!!
This man talking loud as SHIT! Hope he knows that's not attractive.
Making an A in a class that you think you'll have a C in
GUESS WHAT? Casart Coverings will be featured on One Kings Lane starting on Monday, for the 3-day "Enliven Your Walls" sale!!
hello!! An good day to you :)
Oh don't worry, I wanted to spend my Thursday night baking bread till 11 o'clock
I love to know that you can be mine... <U+2665>
Cats Are Scared Of Water .
Congrats , , #Awesome team win tonight
do you have a fear of onions?
Minor Threat !
At the house chillaxn on the couch!! Had a good night at On The Rox. Sure wish I had someone to share the time with or fill that empty spot
Fuck society! All of you are beautiful <3
Embed reporters fall in love with the candidate they cover. Let's face it getting close to politicians is like having 'sex' for 'embed'
MKG must have heard my bro in law say he was choking
hehe, i can sing in this like super high voice and i kind of sound like a chipmunk.. but everytime i do it, my throat hurts like hell.
Wilson Mizner~ When you take stuff from one writer its plagiarism but when you take it from many writers its research.
A week of 80s... Thank you mother nature!
I know, yuum ;)
first of all it is stupid to think that rostra "pushes moderates away". Anyone who reads a blog like that already
Heard this morning during fundraising on WHYY: "We don't just want to have a relationship with you, we want to go all the way"
Rachel is the new Nick!
HAHAHAHAHA YOU GO TO SLEEP! I IZ HUNGRY!
I always buy pre-written cards for people I dislike. If I'm going to lie about my feelings, it may as well be a lie written by someone else.
will you be there today from 12-2 for the lunch meetup with ? I am headed through in about an hour. Your map story rocked
A 300 DOLLAR PHONE WHAT THE HELL
I'm gonna make my life worth watching when it flashes before my eyes.
So Rome is leaving Houston's airwaves, but #romeonamobile will still be with us!
Quite true :)
I just need one beat....lol
Looks like im buying 48202928 copies of #BELIEVE to get the OLLG tickets. Bankrupcy here i come ~
Happiest I've ever been..
if you write in one washed up, ex-steroid user for mlb all star this year make it
too Many things :(
FOLLOW Only 15 and killing the underground game. Lets collab bro, got a mixtape dropping late june, i want you on it!
“: You not texting me back is the best diet. #whitegirlproblems”
#nisoEbook Barblan repeats "Metadata is King!" Common view that good metadata improves sales.
jesus christ hurry up already lady
no you c'mon man! haha
“ RT : Girls want attention. Hoes want drama. Women want respect. Boys want pussy. Man want a real women.”
wow 7 points wow?!?!?! in the whole 3rd quarter?!?! wow!!!
make sure you video tape it so we can see it.
it feels like winter today. Only good thing about all that snow that is to come, is snowboarding
Thanks to you, I'll definitely try out these eyeshadows!!! Thanks for the review. :) <3 Love the blog.
how many miles was the ride?
#ideas2action fantastic 2 days at the summit-what a welcome opportunity.Congrats to all who made it happen-Lisa & Michael especially.
Abc radio news reported he was there but left that part out. If not for the interwebs you'd never know.
Love the Wharf. We did our karoake out there last month.
Nobody ever pays me in gum.
Monday afternoon markups are weird.
oh! meredith! no! i dont have one! i was recovering from the kick lol
Welcome, Camerons and entourage. Hope you get to do some fun stuff while you're here!
Late night workin on cut-it-out recycled t's.....
this finale is making no sense. the scenes are so sporadic!
Twitter kicks back, yo!
or when you're with me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
used to be
It means "its" in French.
I secretly like days when none of my facebook friends have birthdays.
Happy Blessed Easter to y'all too! xxox's
My fam>>> #LetsWork RT : In the stu w/ listening to Taylor J music....the kid from St. Paul, MINUTE is
It's kinda awkward laying out with all these Mexicans working on a house across the street.. oh well
Did a photo shoot with a new model, Anthony. Been a long day and I'm exhausted but it was worth it.
By the time I removed all the protective packaging from a new bottle of aspirin, the headache went away.
Haha...you'd think! Have you planted yet? RT : of course I do! I live in Illinois! isn't it a cultural...
BEST FRAN DAY WITH :D
THEIR MUSIC IS SHIT AND SO IS THE WAY THEY DRESS ;(
congrats on the house offer acceptance!!!
I'm with ABC News in New York, trying to reach Leo Millar's parents. Orthaedic clinic closed. Contact info? Help
- dislike. What happened??
i know :( he had to stay in an animal hospital in a pet store for a day but hes better now :)
#JennaMarblesTaughtMe that sometimes your neighbors will report you to the police when you play Sorry.
Dallas runs shit!
This dude in target line is BLARING michelle branch. Really? Lmao
William Shakespeare~ Pity is the virture of the law and none but tyrants use it cruelly.
he's the guestt ?
van what's urs?
Get the best people and train them well.
Arts and crafts with mom Made my 1st duct tape pen^_^
Sending loads of love to #tata4now Love, ATFDC
because we have our cheer banquet and I have to work its only 5-9:30
I was just thinking about how long we've known eachother. Holy shit, it's been close to 5 years, Kristine. Jesus christ.
absolutely, I rt some articles and secretly think to myself, "that's news?!" this was one of those articles. ;)
Watching Next Iron Chef. Rooting for Marcus.
Only for you, and your Win98/IE5 technology stack!
Hello World!!!
twitter timeline is dead.
Women in business... and we have to travel too?? Lisa and Cheryl offered up some good tips today!
You're welcome! Good luck with the benefit concert on Friday!
Home sweet home!.
My dog got her heartworm pill and Frontline today. Have you given your dogs their monthly treatments? An ounce of prevention! :-)
I gotta check 'em out...
Apparently my birth certificate expired.....
Some things never change. Get all the attention and looks from all the guys you can. They all want your ass. I wanted your heart.
can you follow
There is nothing glorious in dying, anyone can do it.
Johnny Got His Gun by Dalton Trumbo.
yeah,far from austin's country. :D m..I have what?
Great job hun!!!! You get my vote
Yes. They were amazing @ Who was your favorite from last week?
Loving all the golfers wearing pink for Mother's Day at #TPC! GO PHIL!
keep up the spring cleaning sweeping those brooms in Cincinasty! GO CARDS!
Finished 'Rowing the Atlantic' by Roz Savage. Think I'm going to take 'Applied Cryptography' by Bruce Schneier on the train with me today.
What was kohl's thinking about when they decided to make a mark anthony brand of clothing?? Might as well throw money in the trash.
Actually yes, my life is a joke.
Don't forget it's Meat Lover's Wednesday tomorrow! A pound of meat for $8.99 just for being awesome :)
Never unfaithful..
#FF the most smoove cat I know
because you are 1) fascinating 2) beautiful. duh.
very interesting. I need to look into HPs tools. Thanks
My breaks don't work. There will be no slowing down. “: slow down, love, ya killin' em (c) notorious b.i.g.”
'coffeeDrip2CalendarUnit|varchar(5)|Coffee maker drip (brew cycle) usage rate denominator' - coffee maker usage for building energy model
Bring Back secret circle! I don't understand it had almost the same ratings as Vamp. Diaries, which is your highest rating show!
BPADs are still being evaluated. We will notify applicants as soon as they are completed.
Man, would have liked to see Lucroy get an AB there.
Congrats to the Orioles! First AL Team to start a game with 3 straight Home Runs!
Watching his teams was not always either RT : I cannot say that covering TLR was enjoyable every hour of every day.
Man I have seen everybody here#Orlando. Its cold tho.
YYYYYEESSS !!! You deserve so much better!
where can i pick up a recording of you spinning? itunes? podcast? cd?
Opportunity is knocking for men, women need a ring..
Indeed it was! Glad I was awake! RT : what a night last night!
Welcome (back) to town. Let me kno if u need NE recs on places to eat or an update on what's new
the leaf blower is a fine tool
Yes and double yes. Thanks for tweeting the link, Tim. You're good people. Stew, do you have a review online yet?
Silence can be a brilliancy yet it can also be a burden.
I GOT THE JOB!!!!! Start Monday!!!!
Listening to "Skinny Genes" today- inspiring me. She's the cutest and love her Brit style!
Still don't get track meets.
Coming up w/Voices For Children: April 30 = wine tasting at , May 21-22 Soccer Tournament, June 1 our #bowling event!! Stay tuned!
Today's Soups: Cheezy Broccoli & Navy Bean with Ham
Hope everyone is having a great Monday morning, remember pending tdlr we will be having a show on Jan. 28!
Would your grandparents like the music you listen to today?
and churches that teach the parents how to be leaders.
I'll be honest I love chicken. Not fried chicken, or chicken with BBQ sauce. Chicken with ranch is just amazing....
#WeWontWork if you keep continuing not to care .
Dude. Great work.
said: sorry,sorry sar *with innocent voice' . Ih :p
Heavy #sportsbiz activity here Opportunity abounds and work plate getting very full.
Thanks for sending the info.
This is definitely a T-Bone Walker sort of day.
well your just plain out beautiful, so it goes hand and hand :)
Congratulations! It's beautiful.
We thank you more I'm in some serious need of some dub time!! Xoxo : )
i wanna sleep but i wanna watch friends. what to do, what to do?
Is everyone having a great weekend?
We are always looking for writers and photographers. Email with your info and clips.
Will someone with authority to make a correction to my payment history from #bankofamerica please call me? 9188525036 Lori Cain
#RHOA let it go! #Sheree is a troublemaker....
someone had to style those soldier's hair!
Hopefully. They sure do cast a ... wide net with their content. I don't see how pictures of my friends and I will help with that
Heading home. Chatty bus drver yammering on about "King Tut" exhibit. Sadly uninterested in local "Power of Children Gallery"
Great thought. Very true! RT : "The door to power only opens from the inside." -Cat Posey. LOVE THIS!
The Dark Knight is where it's at! All others are pretenders!
Thankyewverymuch! Only 5 more years 'til I can apply for those sweet, sweet AARP benefits and discounts! ;-)
someone punch me in the face.
Just found out a student who never showed up and didn't respond to emails dropped the class officially. That makes sense.
Lady bug, or lady bird, always was a bird person myself
I try and cook things that are naturally glutenfree but am so happy for udis cookies and bread
8 more followers till 400.Thanks.Contest or games soon:]
I can see why she needs a leash for a kid... Bad parenting. She just smacked the shit out of him hah
Just watched 's Oscar worthy performance in the Game Plan...
Syracuse gets A$AP Rocky and Schoolboy Q to perform for them...that's some shit. Can we transfer?
Let the show begin
RT Can we all just agree to unfriend anyone who makes a Facebook page for their dogs?
Craving KFC after seeing the commercial
I haven't even showed that to Lolly because I bawl
Listening to the Carter 2 by Lil Wayne through West Virginia
I was talking about u warning me about macdonalds nasty milkshakes
ha its all good.. its morning now! :)
Stand your ground, even when it looks like it might fall out from under you.
This Friday we are playing with ! Come out for a great party!
. Exactly my age, I believe.
3 Unique Environments, VIP Table Service, and the Hottest Party in Town. Come Experience the Difference at Stilllife Nightclub.
Ridiculousness was hilarious. Did anyone else see it???
So do not want to go to work today!
wth.!!! I work tomorrow till tuesday. Find a way out here or come to my track meet saturday lmao.!!!
Yum! RT : Btw I'm making shortbread w/lime zest from 's book for the CooktheBookClub potluck on Sat
they probably are but you're just into crappy music haha
Congrats to Jordyn Lucas on her Nickelodeon Pet Promo commercial today. Quality talent you can bank on!
hey guys whats up?
Jennifer Hudson - Think Like A Man >
The Bellmen of course.
lmao a punch phone!?
right on! I'll be participating in #sacburgermonth so watch out! ;)
#Im4Falk because she is an amazing role model for me as a local elected official.
Where thaaaaa party at?????
One of my accounts is for Dad's HOF campaign. This is my personal acct, where I can cuss and rant :) JUST KIDDING
#cil11 Just caught up with from UofM. Good to see you and congrats on your new job @ NASA!
Are TV on the Radio afraid to make the vocals louder? Can't hear them
#ThingsIDislike hash tags on Facebook
. W/al due respect, I think marriage equality is VERY prescient, especially if a partner is ailing or in an accident.
From what I just saw on the Dallas vs. Miami game's National Anthem, is going to be amazing live!
Come on, you do dress up for a living! lol And you do it well I might add...
Fuller: other studies have underestimated real estate impacts, factors. Not sure we can squeeze more taxes from non-residents.
YES I knew I could count on you to laugh at my tweet!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Thanks! We hope to recruit more great biz's to the Irvington area to complement our good merchants.
Re: Rebranding- should be simple to change "documentary" to "non-fiction.Where to start, though? How to make this happen?
So happy for and for their good news :) gotta love progress!
I don't bruise, but if I could I would do this too.
thanks for correcting me! Much appreciated!
Yes, perception is everything.
#DrinkToThat feeling all rebecca black this eve of Dan Adams wedding
Now we just got to track bieber . <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Lucky for you.
thx for coming out last night & for your venue suggestion too of course - you'd make for a fine event planner!
Using Survey Monkey to get staff wish list for next year's computer budget. Now want to do all office communication using Survey Monkey.
Happy New Year Janie!! :) RT : HAPPY NEW YEAR'S
is a networking space for Latino entertainment professionals. Come Join!
Goodbye NFL season. Amen.
It's a beautiful morninnnn.. O.
my kwyboard is broken
A<U+2660> RT : Dirty Hollywood is goin down right now! Check it out! Gonna shit n shower then I'm on my way
John hit me with a water bottle, time to attack.
I followed them :)
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 14
it's freezing here in tijuana and my room y so so cold :s I just need a long warm hug :)
a foo tell dem folks at tuner field bout me i went up there bt the man wun there
it's beautiful here!
Where no one intrudes, many can live in harmony.
good call! Take a look at #SymantecO3 - a means to protect your cloud properties, even if accessed from mobile devices.
hahah its only cause i love you;)
Boo, I have a headache and still have homework to finish. :(
My iPhone has said 100% battery for like 2 days now :/ I don't think thats a good thing! lol
thanks for listening !!!
Listening to VP Biden channel the Gipper on taxes, a seemingly popular Obama Admin theme lately @
That was sweet.
: No one playin games just u by procrastinating an makin excuses ..maybe you scared to get mixed into this :) lol
sry to hear that. You jus been preachin the past 2 nites an a brotha done got used to it. Hope you feel better gorgeous!
Just got so much shit at the warehouse sale
With the exception of Twitter & texts, it annoys me when people don't use two spaces in between their sentences.
doesnt look alot like my next boyfriend?... i think so :)
Photo shoot with the talented Ron Soto today!
I wanted a paper bird that could fly = Birdyjosh and Birdylu in paper back and Kindle...they fly & have fun = www.AntiquesArtBookworld.com
Good luck. lost my bag Jan 2 . Was told today that they lost my reimbursement claim and have to start over!
ok then. his yours.. my husband is THUNDER/ CHEONDUNG :) #wonderful ^^
I really need food trucks to come to John Carlyle in Old Town. Asian Street Tacos are my friend.
people r crazy....smh
debit card hacked. just what i needed. anyone have lifelock or other identity protection? worth it? :)
Can anyone share an interesting article? Need to get my mind away from my worries.
cough cough
Clayton, NC- even if it's from a chain restaurant it's tough to beat Carolina BBQ
Jack shares his dream and jealously from the camp. His dream was to eat a loaf of bread, his jealously was of the free butterfly.
be hating on my
lol watch your mouth :p
negro look at your texts. I have questions. Lol
lmfao I'm sorry! At least I'm sending picturess <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> ! What are you guys going to do with them again?
Best day ever. We scored a table on the back patio So content.
why arnt you doing paradise fears next tour mr!?!
Hvrtujikdsjktrfedwqcvbntrfedsw1123456787654325678876543234567865432456765432345678654214565tredscvbhjutwsdfvghyu. ! How I feel.
I gotta say, whoever does the horoscopes for Yahoo! is pretty spot on, and I really don't buy into that biz.
We had a great evening. Thanks for the hospitality!
how much for the dj host
wait till you see next version. is designing it.
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
That awkward moment when you just see someone and you automatically know he'll be on your mind for the rest of the day. :)
that is the cutest thing I've ever seen <3
having a car is a big responsibilty lol all my money goes into my car
&#39;I am cycling for my life,&#39; says Rwanda&#39;s Byukusenge
someone pull a hill with mee
Thank you, if you'd like, send info to Stay tuned, we have some exciting new changes for 2012!
We want to so bad! We're working out plans for the future right now and we're not quite sure what to expect yet.
Middleton named finalist for National Sustainability Award. Congratulations Mike Davis!
Thanks! Been looking to get there for _ages_, and now with 2013 SFRA it'll be twice the next year.
They're trying to get us primed for the 3D re-re-release.
This weekend we have the new spring menu, a wedding, and Easter Brunch....bring it!
What motivates you to #workout?
Taylor i don't miss you!
#ThingsMyExSaid "Me & Her Dont Even Talk" .. Oh but who was the one hittin her up every day ?
Hope you're doing well Bryan! Any chance you'll make it to graduation in May??
This was the best day of my life with 2 special people! Had a great time ;)
DAMN IT FEELS GOOD TO BE A GANGSTA....
Thanks Matt!
What kills me the most about that awful loss is the missed tackles, dropped balls and fumbles. A great season ended by bad play.
It's a bullshit story. You don't need to do that.
I'm making some serious moves
Check out our free climate change awareness program any person can bring to a school.
SO privileged and excited to be a part of the 2012 Emerge program through Leadership Austin!
Time to see what this "Hunger Games" business is all about.
New #Chopped viewing game: drink every time you hear Aaron Sanchez say "unctuous."
Hi Jennifer! If your still looking for work, u can go to minorityjobs.net for FREE resume & job board. Best 2 U, Julie
God damnit I knew it was too go to be true.
Katie likes the sound of kittens in love with alpacas.
to Garry Shandling's show piss
This child purposely avoided making friends to bypass being invited to social gatherings, because Orphan V was not allowed to attend.
do you wanna ride....
Read Getting Things Done by David Allen for starts
You're correct, the Travel Reports dataset just links out to the raw reports that each of the agencies filed with the OGE.
Since I haven't been watching, I'll assume likely scenario is Ryan Hollins going for 28/15 & not being the worst basketball player alive?
I won't forget!
I dont wanna goto bed mad at you and i dont want you to goto bed mad at me -MAD- ne-yo
#ThingsWeAllHate waking up..
fine. only since you twisted my leg so much.
last to jump on the bandwagon and am 110% clueless...
i dont care I'm just craving carne asada so badly! lol
#doritoslocostacos are heavenly.
Drake flow while doing credit recovery <U+270C>
And thank you!
National kiss day huh..???? FUCK THAT SHIT...thats how yu spread shit n get pregnant.!
Ask to be invited to the wedding. :-)
Happy Birthday Lucia!!!
ActorStuff: Always be ready. Always be prepared. Keep your instrument tuned and polished.
The terrific Agnes Martin show closes Saturday If you go, be sure to read her letter posted just inside the doors.
Why are we allowing the governments to dummy down our school system? 4 days of school for our children? A work day is 5 days!
Ever had the lyrics wrong in a song? finally figured out that in The Damned's "Therapy" they aren't saying "there will be".therewillbtherapy
HAS RETURNED!
thanks! Loved making that film. Can't wait to someday meet up and trade stories.
#FF to some folk of the goodkind. Check em out:
nO He did not
#teamfollowback I will follow you back, <3
Friends are far and few but she's a keeper FOLLOW AND GET FOLLOWED BACK---->>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Oh “: I call good head dat good neck pussy because the head just as bomb as the pussy”
my little cousins themselves are another form of birth control.
do you have your keys
you know Penn thru a few points because she is cute. Cant blame him. Next time wear a skirt, might help.
Why I'm not more productive: RT Shouldn't you be reading right now? A handy flowchart to help you decide: ow.ly/8QX8X
Doing things you never thought you'll do .
Why since I 1st started my #TeamJoker now everybody #TeamSomething ???
grateful today. deeply.
I'm surprised matt hasn't done the bus thing yet
Hey! You don't live too far from me. How r ya?
Event sounds exciting! Check it out!
Dancing on the tailgate in the full moon. That kinda thing makes a man go m m..
Dinner at Waterway(: I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>Soflo!!
Its like one of dem "penchetta" things. -bob
Never trust a girl who doesn't love dogs!
Damn it. Its more than cold here :// most terrible part of the day: walking to school in the morning or walikg home afterwords :S
This line at ihop ain't playin tho!!! People be starving in church services.They don't even be paying attention 4real...lol
Dear Chris go to bed
they've lost the other times so..
ah yes. I may see if I can swing it. I was on TV tonight right behind the Bird. I will send the pics.
Last night I added a few more services under the "computer services and cost of labor" section of the website.
ACCESS names new finance director - Ashland Daily Tidings
I have been praying for more auditions and today I got booked for 7 to go to during the next 3 days! Talk about when it rains it pours!!
"Yes, Officer, that's the one. Third from the left."
I'm going to tweet all the dumb stuff the person I'm with says
when was the last time you were at #toysrus? it is not a pleasant experience, trust me!!
I just started watching Homeland a few days ago myself. Good stuff times 10!
Obama's remarks on the war in Afghanistan: TRANSCRIPT - New York Daily News
#nf this handsome guy
We're on it:) It was such a blast to meet Akevy!
When I wake up early on a saturday<<<
drinking on ciroc feeling nice
Many schools are in chaos and danger. The bigger story should be stories of violence that occurs inside of Philly schools.
I love love love this cold weather
The drive movie was amazing was spot on! Very impressed.
Getting so close! Better Block OKC is this weekend! We're so excited to show off our work and inspire OKC! Hope to see you there!
alrightt all these blackout pics have got to STOP.. i forget how many are out there
G. Bateson and C. Levi-Strauss grokked info theory and cybernetics early on. Good sources for crit in context of digital remediation.
I hope so. Going to bed before sunset is tough.
we can bet a beer or 2 or 3
That's a great question. Currently work in marketing data analytics
Kara, a clever thought perversity of chance
This would also be great outside of class. Taking photos of things that they can connect to learning.
This in relation to that teacher assessment thing or just in general?
I feel like one day you'll understand me, dawg. You can still love yo mans and be manly, dawg.
follow back? Please and thanks(;
"Writers need two things: 1. A deadline. 2. Knowing someone who is crazy about our #writing is waiting for these pages."
SEX IS EASY TO GET... LOVE IS HARDER TO FIND...
Is it only #Tuesday? Sleep time I suppose.
Sometimes the one you want is not the one you need.
an unappreciative journo on a famil, petal? Some people can't be pleased - and they should just be avoided :) Mwah.
Super stoked 4 later this a.m. - 150 cops motorcade delivering toys 2 Children's Hosp. Tune in 2 Denver news. Cops Fighting Cancer.
Yes, matter of fact I DO wanna bet! Cx and oh, that's right. :,(. Who's with her at the hospital now?
Construction disaster. Plumbing not where building said it was. Now for design on the fly. Bring on the change orders
Gonna try really hard to not give a shit.
Thank you new friends
#4famouswords Who is ya Daddy lol
how long have they known each other?
Thinking of the day when you went away, what a life to take, what a heart to break I'll be missing you.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is a hard movie to follow. I love it.
Home button :-)
All thoughts and prayers go to Bolton FC and his family. It's moments like these that remind us that football is just a game
Hahah i hate you. ps- check your facebook inbox, i think it will make your day lol
Check out for their coverage on new video and album!!!! Don't forget to dl
Some old starsky and hutch and taco bell!
Kate Nash stop ripping out my heart with your music okay
what's mennas??
Falling asleep to lazy to get up <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
It's V-Neck season guise!
hm i doubt you'll get a chance to read my tweet :/ but YOUR AWSOME!!.... OH and CUTE :p
This RT Stack all winter to play all summer.
needs some kind of archival crank to get rolling but just can't muster the mojo
Oh my goulash--- I tried copying the surfers by trying to stand on my boogie--- i was stunting for .035 seconds then wave tumble
Thanks back at ya! Cool pinterest page. Gotta get myself on gentlemint, man!
you're one of those kids everyone wants to punch in the throat.
Just had a meeting with the MMJ State Department - Everything is looking good...
Last year, we helped nearly 160 h.s. seniors get into college. What about next year's class? Fund human services!
Seeing in two days with , , and ! Plus I get to see ! Hell yes yes!
Working hard to reach our goals! #2011 is going to be a great year!
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo is underestimate their true potential and settle for a satisfactory life. Don't create limitations to your success.
who plays like that in the play offs!?!?
LOL RT : CELL PHONE Battery...... Gutter Minded Girls... *shame Shame* lol
Checking out the #Chivas USA vs. Club Tijuana #Soccer game at #USD . Its a Good One!
<U+266B><U+266B><U+266B><U+266B> It's so good to follow somebody, and dat somebody follow u back!
You the only boy in my life.............. SIKE ~im a gift that just keeps giving ~im a slut and i wont stop oh Red cup,you know i fly *solo*
RT NEW BRIGHTEN SONG UP NOW! www.myspace.com/wearebrighten
it's very nice
do you use massive?
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea. - Napoleon Hill
Not in it to win it tonight!
Creighton crew, volleyball game, wine date. Perfect way to end a 2 day week
I am going to see my cousins house yeee
thank you
"NO!" JIMMY PROTESTED! RT/Follow me if you smiled at that(;
My parents are being to nice right now 0.o
That sounds fascinating. Would you be interested in working together on it?
If you have two tattoos you are not "tatted up"
i praise you. omg
Php 4:4 Rejoice in the Lord alway: and again I say, Rejoice.
I'm a part of this NBA party too! Only thing better would be some Gold Rush.
ha you're welcome lovely <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I enjoyed the tat on Flo.
I've been smoking like a maniac cause I found out I may not be able to have kids.
And when RapRadar decides to pivot. Ha! Media Power House. Whoops! #GAMEOVER!
Paige is here :)
To the people making Lebron ring jokes with his finger injury: YOU GUYS ARE SO FUNNY. That's such an original joke I've never heard before..
Yes. RT : says she a cleat chaser huh;)
new hash 4 the whacko trolls U encounter >
Taxes, doctors, bills. Best day ever.
- Madison loves you Ohio. Walker is next! On to Wisconsin!
always is lol!
Lololol :o you just called me a fish cake haha you vaginawaffle :P
I hate to be mean, BUT - obese COMICON-goers: please wear more clothes! Not even your fellow nerds want to see your pale ass-cheeks. Thanks!
We would love to have you stay with us, Kurt!
no "probably" about it. brought a guy over, be4 he could say "hello sir" dad was cleanin the guns
unless ur getting ur tongue mixed up then no I don't have 1 ;-*
Prepared mustard greens from my garden this evening Really good The rain doesn't look like its gonna happen so I watered. Garden beautiful!
Apples and Oranges for breakfast!!!!!!!!
Am I the only person who thinks Scott Skiles hates his team?
M, sounds tasty! Is that what you're having for dinner tonight?
IDK ive honestly never watched glee but I think I heard they've done other songs by journey
Actually at work today, although pretty distracted
Lunch speaker- French Minister Christine Lagarde at Exec Club of Chicago Women's Leadership Summit.
1D Flawless Homosexuals. The great thing about this is that directioners are making fun of the boys more than the haters <U+2764>
what up hommie
Thanks D. Hope all is well with you!
Sometimes i wonder what it would be like to be a guy ..
Happy mothers day to the high school moms too ... They count as well
Perfection is something that you will never achieve once you accept that you will accept yourself. :-/
Hey , Jon wanted me to tell you we saw the bowl balancing unicyclist at the game last night.
Josh Hamilton 2 Run Home Run Rangers lead 9-7
thanks lady! Funny how some decisions can change the course of your life completely. You know the feeling ;)
New Year's comes but once a year...and so do our Champagne Truffles! A guaranteed hit at any New Year's party!!
C'mon Chelsea!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I'm fine but my pussys finer <U+30C4>
#FF Soon-to-be-published #ya author - congrats again!
Thank you! Checking these links out right now. :)
Neither did I RIP Donna Summers :-( RT I didn't even know Donna Summer had cancer :(
RT : Definite #steam on the #Rockies this afternoon, &amp; I do agree with it, fwiw.
Walking the mile and a half up the street to see Taming if the Shrew with ! I love living in the city!
Aww, pity party for me, but many CONGRATS to AND !!
damn . You got that shit . . .
Thanks for the retweet...glad you liked this one! Therese'
Hehe It all happens tomorrow :3
Hey Matthew, it would be so great to say hi while you're out in the LA. It's been so long since Turks & Caicos.
RT : Playing with 80legs.com. Although early, this seems like an interesting service. I like their crawl packages and market place.
thanks, lady! I hope it was a good ride for , too!
Boom. RT : how would u like to be a #rangers pitcher and have Nolan Ryan in the front row every night.
Yes, I'm interested in an 18thC virtual rdg group
File that last tweet under hashtag:
dug addict....
People, never eat your lunch at 10 a.m. It's just bad voodoo. *exits for scrounging mission*
well duh. Haha. I'm talking about the new smaller ones though. Haha
thank you!!!!!! youre amazing
Warren Watch: 'Secretary' flak - Omaha World-Herald
Happy Mothers Day!
Is an Eazy E hologram too much to ask for tonight?
I'd like to do more too, but it's hard to imagine fitting consistent social media in with my other work
Are you visiting Seattle or moving? Have fun!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Kurt Cobain. If he was alive, that'd be cool.
honestly, I thought it was great. $5 for $10 with $3 going to charity? Good move, imo.
Malachi just said that he "has too much knowledge"
Nope, , no more Gunsmoke yet. How about Peyton Place?
We're so excited for tomorrow's class on brainstorming, inspired by 's book Gamestorming. Full report coming soon!
Crazy HUH, They are talking about and using #fot but not following us :) GO GET EM!
Ever really want something and then you get it... And realize that was the dumbest idea I ever had... Yeah never doing that again.
I had an amazing time at WordCamp Miami. Can't wait until the next one!
so I'm braiding my hair right now & it's totally reminding me of you which is kinda weird... Haha.
U.G.L.Y = U Gotta Love Yourself
Another cool day on tap for you around San Diego - clouds likely sticking at the beaches till early afternoon - low 70s your highs there.
We're pleading the 5th here. (-:
What does it mean to be a "college prep" high school? Please respond or RT if you have the time. Thank you!
I followed the RT from for your post about the band...so well written I got chills!
could not be happier that has grapefruit radler. Mine got taken in the Munich airport
Slowly becoming addicted to the swedish "girl withe the dragon tattoo" trilogy.
heheh any way how exam goin on, last term test that your goin to have dhw
The fireworks are for the #SFGiants private World Series Gala.
How long has #Silas coached? Coached Hornets in both Charlotte & New Orleans. Also Bobcats in Charlotte...& the San Diego Clippers.
Architecture industry has highest rate of unemployment in US 13.8%; now is the time 4 candidate relationship mgt strategy!
TP Elite, Playmakers, Swing and Running Rebels 17U squads all competing in the Adidas Spring Classic in Indianapolis this weekend.
um...that's Softball Guy. And yes, Softball Guy dies
I've heard that it's a great proposal. I hope I get to see if sometime soon!
yes, I believe I would.. How?
You Can Get The Bankroll Baby!
Noticing that replied to me, just #mademyday. Hahah! :D
I'm playing at the High Dive in Fremont on 7/17/2011 with Fortune Dwellers & The Fabulous Party Boys come out and get your Sunday groove on!
Oh, Three Days Grace. <3
Haven't watched yet!! Omg now I must. RT : DID YOU SEE THE JEEP ON GIRLS LAST NIGHT?!?!?
#knicks blowing it...Stoudemire has his coach to thank for not teaching him any defense in Phoenix
Everything is easier then admitting that I miss you like crazy.</3
Rams Josh McDaniels likely to replace O'Brien as Pats' OC...
Amen sister :D
. Cork Wine Bar #HappyHour sounds amazing! I was just telling about it! Hopefully we can make it!
Great recap of last week & preview of upcoming #fulhamfc match against #sunderland on ... Kudos to &
Let's see how fast it takes for advertisers to react ...
Waiting in line to get The New iPad. Why aren't we just calling it the iPad 3? Or iPad HD? The New iPad. Please. Gimmie a break.
elohel bitch go back to bed.
My new favorite handle:
oh yaOnly real men like you ride in n' black mustangs!! (; lolz love ya plz reply nd follow me
I wonder how you do that? become famous?
let me know - looking forward to your feedback
When your heart wears thin, I will hold you up and I will hide you when it gets too much.
"you shouldn't get too good at farming or housework or ppl will expect it from you." Dr. Kim on why her mom sent her to school.
The passage of time n all of itz crimez
please follow me!!! <333333
#ipadbeatslocalnews RT : Fairfax/sunset "a crime scene." We just got kicked block west. Filming w/ ipad.
No broken bones. Worst fall I've had. A sprain wrist.
I'm so jealous lol
Is Mildred Pierce, Joan Crawford’s best known movie?
": Halitophobia is the fear of having bad breath." I hate bad breath!
Thanks babe!
Looking at the "Thompson House" ad in the new CityBeat just made me puke in my mouth a bit. Show Tune Tuesday? Newport is Branson now? YUCK!
:( I'm really sorry to hear that. Let me know if you need anything. Anything at all.
just bought a tix to Patti Smith. My first show in Detroit is seeing another New Yorker. Excited
Great Session today - hoping to resume shooting this summer
that's a great deal!
I'm attending the Masie LMS conference tomorrow in Chicago. Looking forward to some great intelligence on the current state of lms systems.
Now Mr. B. is going against the test obsessed culture in schools.
Thanks girl! (:
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
Worrying only about me, my child, and MY family. They're far from perfect, but I love them more than anything! (:
This <U+2615> giving me the <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>shakes
It was fun! What a great city.
that girl gotta moo moo stains!
Looking for donations of gift certificates to give as prizes to donors. Any national restaurant or retail, hotel, etc. DM me if you can help
We'll drink to that. RT : Justin Bieber has good hair.
hahaha i love it when you say "you stupid s.o.b"
Dear Pacific Resources Partnership instead of #BeNiceBen how about #StopCryingDan PRP and Dan are beyond out of touch wakeup and listen...
THIS GIRL IS FUNNY.
If what's on the inside is taken care of, it will show on the outside. Hair, skin, weight, nails, etc...
Walk'n into Taft for
Haha. We're in the same spot judging by your picture
Want free tickets to the ISS Fort Worth show?
Seriously...a spam reply EVERY time I tweet something. WTF..., get on it!
Ky. counties converting old school buses into ambulances to handle accidents, disasters
What's your favorite drink when it is hot like this?
. Mrs. Bennett from Pride & Prejudice for sheer aggravation. Or a childhood fave, Mrs. Frisby
Sports stars should have to win a championship before they can get tattoos.
Never tasted a WA Malbec, although some of their their cab and pinot I Like!
Also, if your service is double that of your competitors, don't get irate with me when I call you out on it.
Two words I never thought I'd see collocated: "kitten huffing". Dare I ask?
Celebrate Fat Tuesday & big savings at the gift idea shoppe! Find fun & festive madri gras gift ideas now 20% OFF!
I like Kentucky 78-71 tonight
A big hello to our new followers! We'll celebrate on Monday with a ticket giveaway! Follow us to win!
lucky yu h
lol let's not hate on them if they make it this easy to hate.
I think we all lost...
Problems like dis can turn a girl into a pot head...Lol
Review of petitions in #wirecall will take longer than 60 days, oversight board unsure how long exactly.
Mayor proposed $5.6 million reduction to the overall DYRS budget leaving the agency with approximately a $106 million budget.
I will appearing before the City of Tijuana's Commission on Border Affairs today to address several joint projects that benefit the region.
a only 1 baby mi have :p gweeh
Bored as hell!
Jacob is so sweet!! :)
Master mixologist tonight
Happy album release day! I shall have 'Neck of the Woods' on repeat for days to come, I'm sure.
Is Afterschool good? Just added it to my Netflix queue, after seeing that Jody Lee Lipes shot it.
yay! So happy you like dollface!
Haydar isn't w/ Milwaukee anymore....The best AHL team!
Does anyone own a glass pitcher?
love ? what love ? ! mia , are you ok ? are you on drugs ? GET HELP MIA , NOW !
Awaiting Team Blade Bikini Athlete Rachel Ponder to step on stage at the Shannon Dey Clasaic! Pre judging is tonight!!! Fingers crossed!
Skeptical scrutiny is the means, in both science and religion, by which deep insights can be winnowed from deep nonsense. Carl Sagan
uh wat. u stopped replying, boob. u_u RT“: its barely 11:05, and the only person whos up is and i. sigh.”
well good luck! I'm sure you'll do great!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
Day 1: youth #CommunityJournalism / #DigitalStorytelling project in E St. Louis today. Cross your fingers for us & for working tech!
dirty dirt bag
Your beautiful
I have the book on my kindle. I will read it and post a review.
What song would you like to hear us cover next?
It's just the book everyone is reading right now. I read it. I liked it. It's really "cool" right now to hate it.
and when he smiles, the whole world stops and stares for a while, cuz you're amazing, JUST THE WAY YOU ARE <U+2665>
It was pretty intense. Staying up for 24 hours for something you care about is life-changing.
Another underwear bomb? Release the drones.
well 3 weeks till summer classes start lol
#homesteading practice in full effect. Baking bread, cakes and making cheese and homemade yoohoo.
just landed in Denver.
I miss Michael. And you, I suppose.
You go boy! : I'm a true professional
Agree with #pseweb is a great success. Well done
I want oysters for dinner! Now... where on the F line in Brooklyn can I find them?
I once passed a place in Ohio selling guns, ammo, jewelry, coins, and bagpipes. I get everything but the bagpipes. In Ohio. Random
Grace Krilanovich, James Warner, & Louise Mathias confirmed for Sunday, April 1. Save the date, and don't forget the first reading 2/12/12!
Testing Seesmic - like integration of twitter/facebook and multiple accounts. Will report back as I try out new features.
I am fortunate to be here thank you all for making me feel at home
": its "nshit" all one word"
Hi, my loves, Copperrose is very excited we are all most finished with our final mix on our new CD. coming soon. ITS GOING TO BE YUMMY, HOT
The greater danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it ~Michelangelo
Smart women who want to slap me...Twitter's kind of like being married only without all the paperwork or in-laws.
I'm getting a lot of texts from people Who need relationship advice. If I don't get back to you tonight I will In the morning. Promise!
We're drawing for an iPad at 12:30 come by booth #607to register!
Welcome to our twitter. As we progress in our startup, we will keep everyone up to date here.
i dont want this ipod touch anymore...
Tweets everyone besides me :( </3 Thanks Dylan
I'm just gonna go out with Danielle tonight. We will have a girl's night. Maybe go to the movies. Can't wait to hear ur story
Love the Miller 64 tune on radio! Makes me want to dance...but not drink Miller 64...
#Transsexual #Homosexual #Bisexual #Straight? No worries. We enjoy all lovers. Sign up now at mydateishere.com to find your date today!
Hello Columbus.. and Hello Monday!
#OOMF Has a birthday next week!!
YES RT : RT : Text from "Wait, I got mocked from the stage? I HAVE ARRIVED."
With air force one expected over us soon, the guy shooting artillery at the Seahawks tailgate may want to save those for next week...
the only girl there haha
Candy withdraws.! </3
sketchy dudes' car blocking the gate. had to crawl through the nasty ivy to get to the door. kind of sick of epa
French Montana - I Think I Love Her
Integrators, this one's for you: Learn about video surveillance in the clouds. Attend my moderated session at ISC West....
cheer up Charlie!
Crazy is the new sane.
We have the freedom to believe what we want in this country! Which is why I choose to believe it won't snow tomorrow.
Oh thieves, you will get yours
long island, New York
i wanna hoop today .
wyatt family dinner conversation of the night= world longest and oldest river trivia
Pool time...
I got 9200 on vocab today!!! Ima get some shut eye.. better u get some too besty! nite^^
Comment your twitter name for a S/O , but you gotta follow me (:
always you Josh... Stop by my friend
One can dream. It is sad to see the program in such shambles.
what you think about having?
discovered President Obama created White House Council on Women and Girls.. Want to know why it didnt get press and how i get a voice?
Shocked to see the Crimson ranked. They made Florida State look awful earlier this year. Cinderella tourney run?
it was love at first sight ever since I came out of ur belly haha
how do you get put in twitter jail??
Who wears heels to go shopping?
DH is a highly visible community of people online/on Twitter that use technology & communication +
Damn twitter...yal & these spam Dm's need to be laid to rest!!
we was hooping today i crossed the hit out a nigga he fell on his but
I hate it
#FemaleAttentionSeekingStatusUpdates I think You're the father
Latest addition to my list of potential start up ideas: a way to organize potential start up ideas.
And freeze warning tonight.
I am only even thinking about it because of being on it.
Enjoying the nature in our yard - from squirrels to myriad birds -Cardinals, Nuthatches, Titmice, Tweedle Der's??
That could be both live/love!!! I've been more productive with everything in one place and sync-able. It's really nice.
Thank you so much for your support! I'm way excited!
#HIPDC Valerie Rodgers 1st speaker at HIP discusses meaningful use of public health data & socioeconomic implications.
Dylan Byers of Politico is a fraud!
So does every one have iTunes
dont get me started on your Knicks again now that the star has returned
vice principle didnt 'approve' of my shirt..so now i have to wear kevins polo. i look like a man. and smell like axe.
Southern Fried Chicken in Great Britain?
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe - That old person doing 40 on the Freeway! PLEASE move it!
Just interviewed a drummer with an amazing goatee and mustache. Couldn't stop looking at it.
RT TO GET MORE Followers!
thanks Melanie RT : Nice photo Ankur
HAPPENING NOW: #bartrivia and #allyoucaneatwings tonight.
Yeah, I may go ahead and update today at some point. I got my pasties and hose in for the thingy this Saturday, I wanna show ya
hey u
your special pies are getting seriously elaborate. where you coming up with this stuff??
weekend, lots to do. hope you all are well. The new pics are fantastic. check em out! more in a bit....
A vast city island built opon ancient granite
i need yu to do this remix bro .
Ready for a King Holiday weekend? Come on OUT & get a spiced Chai Tea tonight. here for you until 10PM with a King Sized Sale on Everything!
turgeon is great coach they will be better. Good class and he has cleaned out riff raff
A6: I really scratch my head at some stadium naming deals...
Little power scare for a couple secs, but FULL #Grizzlies network is rocking 92.9 FM 680 AM with tip at around 12n
I think you are well within the range of doing that as always!
what does that mean excatly?
RT : Dining out 4 Life by tonight! Eat, imbibe, and enjoy and you did your good deed for folks in need!
Educated Girls >
Love my talented husband Congrats on your Grand #Prize story in #ReadersDigest. Pick up a copy today!
PINA definitely brings out the nurturing-care giver, doesn't it? But so lovely!
Almost to 450 followers! Wonder if I'll get there on glorious April 13, the day I joined the earth :)
happy birthday ya coy...wish you the best
Come join us this weekend...
*me & Seamus fighting infront of reilly* reilly:"Stop! I dont want this interaction in front of my face!" Me:"....that's what she said.."
My parents on learning of my worktrip to Argentina: Mom: "Are there cannibals?" Dad: "I don't care if you get raped, just don't get killed."
The last couple of weeks of the semester are so stressful!
Groovology with Gerald Albright sounding good.
Its Monday afternoon, Stop by to see us, here til 7pm!
On the lookout for WiFi (the free'er the better). Anybody have success?
Also at the Fair on Thursday, Passport photos!!!! If you don't already have yours come get your Passport Photo taken, Special 2 for $5.
was great
Is it just me, or have the Bruins breakout passes been just a bit off all series long?
are u ok go take a chill pill u have nothing "hater gonna hate" I am gonna eat
Rain, rain...go away!!
False. Look at the stats & compare 1st year to 1st year & 2nd year to 2nd year- Elway eons better
hey thanks for the mention!
You sure will. As long as you make the flight.
I've been known to go at 8ish for breakfast of champions.
i didnt mean to re tweet it :/
how is that even possible?
and just retweeted me. this day could literally get no better.
#USF #Library closed Monday for MLK Jr. Day.
The suspense is killing me! I am going Ides of March Madness!
Lil Wayne tought me maybe she won't...but then again..maybe she will
How am I supposed to eat a sub if its as hard as a log??
Are you following me? Follow your brother-in-law while you at it.
Ultimately, presence of children of illegal immigration in the public school system, and the general expenses that surround them
Well that made me feel better....for a second.
School! Yay, what a joy :/
Know what to do during medical emergency @ your library? Good idea to go over protocol. A young man had a seizure here this morning.
Who wants to party after graduation?
Where's candie ? ;o
Nick calm yo sperm down! o.O
Please turn your location settings back on, so each of your tweets reveals a detailed google map of Tukwila
People need to know that do their thing!! Well done fellas, well done.
am i missing something or is this just a random shout out to long-ago glory days?
u r so cute.. Follow me back
90' trail run with intervals in Z4-5a. Going to crush it today.
Pickup Line: Do you sleep on your stomach? No. Can I?
I've just tweeted for the fan vid,but I tweeted from my personal account , look at my tweets and you'll see :)
"Why is she going to be a little sailfish? Boats are cool but wtf" "Selfish Scott, Selfish"
"The Clever Contributor"
You've got this!
Shy person
wonder what Chris Paul & Dwayne Wade had as pregame meals
RT : Mr Gnome could be the best show ive witnessed this year. Absolutely silly that that much sound can be derived from only 2 ppl.
yes!! Hope you're loving London!
Let's get down to business, to defeat this test. I am el loco.
It's been great, it's been swell... Can we make everyone leave now?
ibeen findd im home right now cooking food
- thanks for the RT! :)
Greinke with 10 Ks. His last 10-strikeout game also was against #Reds. Last year on Sept. 18.
starting work on our new ep! recording today
You're the one who went to rehab, but I'm the one with issues? Something isn't right here.
OH: She looks like a Kenny G fan to me.
im good bby thinkin about u
Awesome! We would love to know for sure!
Woo hoo. RT : hyped to see the homie speak at today!
So let me get this straight; #Pats aren't doing anything and the #Bruins are down 4-0 after one with 2 shots on net.
works like a charm man... Or you give em the look.. If you havnt seen it go search it on utube haha
Imagine a 24-hour stellar Chinese restaurant... *Insert pause*
Conviction is the inner sensor alarming us to what is wrong & what is right.
I haven't taken a shower in 5 days #hipsterlife #twerk it out
No more loneliness and heartaches
I wonder what it feels like to be a normal height, and not a
Happy New Years!
So true! GM": It's a beautiful day, but I can feel the high pollen counts. I seems allergy season is starting early!"
why the sad face? thanks for following!
Lunch time. Then practicing more.
mike jones
is the quality of patient food in the hospital setting as important as medications?
Blake griffin has such a diverse offensive game lmao
It was a graphic by never made it to a sticker...but maybe it should : Anymore of those TBAG stickers left?
Thank YOU! RT Another great day at #masslib12 & fantastic career & resume advice from - thank you!
hope you had a great bday!
Recipes for dinner and for life with Nice way to spend an evening on the stoop in DC.
yeah, drug taking is like Dr. Seuss's "waiting place." It's strategic tho. The later he arrives, the more I will buy.
Going out to eat with my family then a movie #lifesgood :D
on da way now
Geneva has the most amazing spas...had the most blissful, heavenly experience<U+2665> Now onto late lunch trying the infamous Fresh D'lite Grill(:
I'll check it out!
the free market has already priced healthy alternatives out of reach for most.
It's LOBO HAPPY HOUR!!! Come in with your ticket from Sat game and print a coupon off the Lobo Facebook page to redeem a FREE LOBO CUPCAKE!
Can't wait for June!
Somebody just got shot...I'm bout to get the fuuck..
I wonder if he is ever mistaken for some trailer park kid walking to school
super interesting blog, thanks for sharing
Nice! RT : This Bishop is imbued with Stockholm Syndrome in addition to being disingenuous and intolerant
Thanks for shoutout...right back at ya!!
Thanks for the heads up on Berlin film festivals. You told a friend who told us! Great Idea.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>what he said <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>RT : Wouldn't mind doing something tonight........
So grateful thankful and lucky. :)
The funny thing is, I've often wondered ...
Yay is following me I just though I should mention that :-)
We <3 you too! RT : I swear one day I am going to overdose on my vitamins. I love my gummies!
Yayy thank you (: !
well it's not like he tweeted the best tweet of all time of Erik Duckart. Elliot's motto
Next week I cite a tweet of yours in English in a lecture. One month till it is in print. NB: media archaeology unfolding...
Well played Sir!
Now you're talking.
assembling in Denver next! But I am moving to LA next week!!!! :)
i dont have a phone right now
Max Pain I can't wait!
I can't cuss in front of adults. It's difficult and awkward.
take it easy n rest
nigga y'all been puttin y'all CDL to work.
Haha. I remember wondering why my parents always awkwardly left the room!
loser you don't have any 'preme.
not here! lol
Wish I knew what I wanted to do for school
Our favorite holding period is forever. Warren Buffett
Lol, now MY dad thinks we're lesbian! x)
Free Queso and great beer and wine prices 4:30-6:30 M-F all day Saturdays
Someday we will be open for lunch!
That's an unfair and unnecessary question. Dirk clearly has the best hair.
Crazy day yesterday. Just now recovering from the workload. And then there's more workload!
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield. Warren Buffett (1930 - ).
I'm sick and staying off of work...
Dan Isett, PTC: dominant form of media remains television. V-chip has been an abject failure.
Starting your Monday off right will produce a productive rest of the week!!
Happy birthday to Bob Marley, the legend.
Pretentious coffee sounds great. Tuesday or Thursday best for me. Let me know!
:When you encounter a wall, tell yourself: "Since there is a wall here, a wide, open expanse must lie on the other side."
is hearing rumors... about stuff... and things...
So when LeBron scores 0 points in the fourth quarter because he sits out, are we going to argue that he's un-clutch?
Why cant i be old enough already to move to a new country?…
hey just got back from the game. wow. w e beat detroit's asses today. sorry I saw you lost...
Gurl, chill that winky face out..
very cool!
Hi RB Thx 4 Flwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
IKSRTFO<<< I'M KNOCKING SOMEBODY RIGHT THE FUCK OUT!
Lmao!!! Why are these cats posting profile pic's of there lips!? I don't wanna see pro-pics of lips!!! Well... Hum? Lmao!) Hahaa!!!
if you mean the Business of Golf Instruction, yes I am. or is there a different? i've seein your stuff, good work!
lol it means exactly what u just said to me i say to u to but instead of saying it u say likewise. lol u never heard of it
O baby I won't give up on us.
I really need a 2nd round of Anybody wanna help me out?
Its so good! so much drama, I love it!
When it Rains it fucking pours.
it would be worth it though
these guys don't stink. Virginia seems to have the most kamikaze skunks.
A birthday is just the first day of another 365-day journey around the sun. Enjoy the trip. HAPPY BIRTHDAY
lmao. True that :)
I want my slice of the American Pie
quickest shower in the history of mankind?
I am now following 2,000 people.
Three more followers until we reach 1000! Who's gonna be the one!?
Feeling VERY liberated... Watch your step :)
O goodness! I didn't mean to keep you up! I'm going to go to bed too! What are you watching?
R/T S/O in #Bella32 wit my fam, y'all need to get here, it's going down
stupid skyrim update makes my ps3 freeze everytime i go underwater. i'll cut somebodeh!
Big game tonight against New Jersey. Whose Tuning in?
RT : Running and yoga is the fitness plan today
"There ain't no party like a knitting party." - knows.
The most money ever paid for a cow in an auction was $1.3 million.
Have you encouraged anyone today? Find someone to speak life to. Yes, you count, too.
Rytes Warriors 2013 playing in Central Texas Shootout in Austin. 2-0, defeating Texas Ambassadors - Carlton and SA Mustangs in Pool Play
possibly. I dunno, I rarely watch other NFL or MLB games. but NBA playoffs... that's my shit.
Special Sun night event at David's! “: Tmrw night for SKC v. ChivasUSA: My house at 8pm if anyone's available.
So Lil B is giving a lecture at NYU. I have officially lost all hope in humanity and the value of literacy
Can't wait to see & on Saturday night. Hope it's a nice night at CBP!
sometimes, yes.
RT : Man is rated the highest animal,at least among all animals who returned the questionnaire.~Robert Brault LOL!
Whatever you're most consistent in will B evident in your life. Actions speak louder than words. But never forget: Words R powerful—ask God!
Don Brown!
That is surface. Techniques changed, brain research added. Tasks & way we treat kids different.
After watching that cheap hot on #Hossa, I'm about ready to put my pads back on & beat that worthless Coyote's ass myself!
Got the official word-my one woman show, LIFE ENCOUNTERS will be listed in Theatre World..a part of NYC theater history
MJ and Scottie made rodman a HOFer...he did squat shit for pistons and spurs...
About to jump on the phone with NFL HOFer Lynn Swann to talk some
Guy who knocked me out of yesterdays tourney made the final table. At least he made good use of my chips
I'm gonna stop trying right then.
Welches fruit snacks are disgusting!
Ya i roll a blunt, but my girl does it for mee
Smh im be str8 getting them hours since school over
boy they sure snatched defeat from the jaws of victory tonight
Followed. Follow back please :)
ME PLEASE. i love you
Respect my Gangster. Man I forgot how funny this movie is
Studio Sundays !!
Can't seem to bring himself to grade the last few project proposals. Why are the last few always the hardest?
Did you make it back? Lloyd & I walked the waterfront this morning. Let me know.
hey ;) come here often?
thanks. Show the follow back love!
With a Ph.D. in Chemistry, suprised she didn't come up with something a bit more original than a vinegar and baking soda volcano
Refine your tactics of level-headed, calm and confident defense in the midst of an attack, rather than resorting to emotional return fire.
We're working on it. IT is supportive. Just need to get others on board.
BRITTANY IS A WEIRDO!
Chillin on a dirt road.
Anyone else notice any slow connection problems?
M&#39;s Art Impressions: Make it: Citrus Salt Body Scrub
i'm not.
#ObamaFirsts First President to get zero votes for his budget.
My momma told me about #Tumeric the new miracle food.
I'd rather burn $100 billz then end up like a rich dick head.
Need a shawty to come an replace my teddy bear thats layin next to :-( #thunder an rain thoughts
Sleepy but still on lol
Two tweets below yours in my feed was this from : "Graphic: Qaddafi family tree"
Work At Home Mum Makes £4,397/Month Part-Time .... ?????? :D
Sorry- w/ Cenk on illegal immigrant issue. Blame her parents, but cannot reward ppl for breaking the law.
whoops, only saw this now. I don't know, but I'm sure we'd all chip in for a taxi if you need!
: hahaha classic. salty she had a cape on doe!
I have created a few posters like your RA of my own if you would like me to contribute them to your cause, let me know. I share :)
Today One Of Dem Dayz.. Monday -_-
Sure is, best breed and only breed I've ever owned. Chesty just turned 6.
#YouWereCuteUntil I figured out you smoke
that was amazing!
They really separated !
"One civilized reader is worth a thousand boneheads." - H. L. Mencken // thanks to
miss ya too. Let's make another video soon. And I really want to meet your new family member... So happy for you.
Just got done with Planet Gemini, great crowd, with
i love skypee:]
Well I did few up in Morocco actually. I got here when I was 18 to go to college :-) Been here around 10 years now!
Relationships are worth fighting for, but you can't be the only one fighting.
Get to see in like 12 hours.
Centerfield has played. 2012 is officially underway.
Aye i left my hard drive on the floor by the stairs. put it in dads rom with my phone & shit fa me.
Whats the point in liking someone who doesn't like you back? There is no point. But you cant help who you like, it's not up to you.. Your <3
Why every time I go to panda express there cooks are always Hispanic ! I swear they whip it up better than the Asians lol #real talk
Kobe "The Closer" Bryant
okay I'll come by and pic them up
3 more periods until we go off on defense
Questions Continue to Linger Over Berkshire Succession
Happy new year east coast
How big/diverse is the crowd? Is it the choir? Any insights? [Yes, inquiring minds ....]
Hello Raymond, thank you for the mention and as always I appreciate your support and encouragement.
Sorry #grammys - music's biggest night this year was when Justin Vernon finished mixing "Bon Iver". I ain't watching.
#clippernation due to an ill untimely CPRFirst Aid training ill be missing the game. Cant even check my phone. Please win.
great minds think alike!
Uploading pictures from Erics <U+2665> party last night !
Being ungrateful only leads to disappointment
Call DUI Trudy if you have a pending arrest for a DUI or need legal counsel (615) 250-8000 # taking care of business!
People only wanna talk to me when my phones on silent.
She Did that
hey guy we are getting like tons of snow here in the Outerbanks,NC.
Thanks! I'm a firm believer in offering everything possible in HighRes for free.
Then again, if you're tall & attractive, bring yo ass over here lol
Use real words! MT : Companies who use text speak (like 'ur gr8') make 40% less revenue than those who spell words correctly.
what happened???
Congrats RT : “: League source confirms four-year deal for Lions rookie wide receiver Ryan Broyles.”
Pro Rata => Proportionally
#FTW > RT : Gaylord, big night dc party w friends RT : 22. Any NYE/NY plans?
Let's be honest, your girlfriend looks like Courtney Love did while reading Kurt's suicide note to fans.
Was anyone at the pop punks not dead tour in jersey if so you might have seen the tta shirt on NFGS bass drum :)
Its a beautiful day out... That means Happy Hour Wednesdays at Bounce Sporting Club #NYKnicks vs #Spurs Tn 8:30 Countdown to
Eyes are tired from staring at computer, time for diner and a movie
#whatwomenrthinking why do women look at other guys when they with there man
...& i'll say it again: life moves pretty fast. you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it. ferris bueller
Such a joyful weekend with perfect weather in a long time.
you make me giggle. Thanks Twit!
Hi all. Currently, our site is unexpectedly down. We are working on remedying the issue quickly. Thanks for your patience!
Mommy Time in ONE week!!!!
Okay John the ripper RT : My kinda town RT “: One in five women in 1700s London were prostitutes.”
RT : Just saw a probably 4yo girl say to her dad, "So, what's this "Egypt" thing?" complete with air quotes. Classic.
Ice cream+girl scout cookies+bourbon+blender=sure solution for a post-class tonic? Or...MUDDER'S MILK?? You decide.
*removed* RT FATabul0us_Lola I had all four wisdom teeth removal at one time and was just numbed up... Saw and hear everything!
Big Donkey
yes it sure does!
#ThingsMyExsaid your penis is tiny!
I love you though!
oh ok shit Didnt know. You live n your own
Kellan Lutz looks sexy in the new Breaking Dawn trailer.. Unf.
thank you kindly for the
i noticed that Austin eats at Olive Garden. a loot.
Cool, come to Akron when you're done!
Looking forward to introducing Molino High #School in Forestville, CA to the tomorrow afternoon.
private show
#WhenImAlone I think about how it used to be <3
is having a marathon on USA :)
#nowplaying Treading Water <U+266A> Chris Brown
Statistics show that if you dont have a burrito and a margarita everyday, you will die. Its science man.
Anytime I see #7 on the floor for the #Bulls, I still think it's Ben Gordon.
": when you hit the coast, maybe you'll finally see, and then you'll turn it all around and come back to me"
RT : The forum will give community members a chance to testify about city's jail conditions Check our homepage tmrw 4 link.
I stand in solidarity w/ my colleague in demanding all sides be heard & insist women not be demonized for expressing their views
Thanks for the shout out Trevor!
love that place! I'm at old Chicago in Lexington... Hm
so #excited for tomorrow :) gonna watch 'The Lucky One' in cinema with my friends :)
Get out.
Some girls are so oblivious to everything
Fucking auto type. Meant Kat Stacks.
OhEmGee. Im bored
Coming home from the gym and having some fire ass food waiting for you >>>>
Time goes by super fast.
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657 on youtube. please follow me back angeles. =)
Maybe because you haven't tried Tamale Boy ;)
might do that when I have some time. thanks!
Any and all good vibes sent my way today, or at least for the next hour or so, would be greatly appreciated.
Pinnnnttttssss :) I love you follow me :)?
saving me the trouble of deciding! :-) (2/2)
It's nice when others think you are great but much more important is to know you are special unique&wonderful regardless what THEY think!
"I can't possibly say what I mean/need to say..." Stop writing like this, people. Not everything is predicated on your perceived failure.
What is your favorite mobile app?
Thanks Vince! It's not just a pretty face, the new-look is the foundation for substantial work to come. Stay tuned.
just yelled #AmberAlert at the bar
very cool. I left the one I made on your cam if you want to check it out.
Our chi girl is a LH as well. Love all Chi babies, but there is something extra special about the LH variety! :D
Listening to #CallMeMaybe by 's artist So awesome!!
&T you sold me some crap accessories for my iPhone for $50! A hard case that broke when it fell & a protector screen that doesn't stick.
this is utterly INANE i am in disbelief :(
Dear Minka Kelly, How do you go from Derek Jeter to Wilmer Valderrama?
No accountant needed...just bring your drinking pants and your math skills (to count the bottles)!
Not sure either, lol. I'll look at them tonight, it's a great shot and it will be fun.
First tweet!
#Sharks tie it up. Go
god, loll
Goodnight Twitter! Bad night but whatever...
haha sorry... I get distracted easily.
Going classic...poker, smoke and whiskey.
Your newest episode 'Driving Tori Crazy' was very interesting,specially the part with the song 'Five Fingaz to the face'!
When? I'm down if I don't have 2 work
Occupiers at terminal 6 just left with the big, blow up pig. Just a few remain. Kind of boring, actually.
Emergency Patches Pushed for Flash, PHP - CSO
#1DReadSheaStylinsonsStory help trend it!
Foxtrot in the driveway under the moonlight...incredible!
how are you hungry bro we ate like 3 hours ago.
would love to see the family violence study added to issuelab. DM me if you want me to upload it!
Do you realize if it weren't for Edison we'd be watching TV by candlelight? Al Boliska
- Thanks for the bday wishes!
sorry aroldis chapman... steve nebraska is still better
Is anyone else in the real estate industry experiencing a flurry in the market??Things are picking up these days!
As a kid, my choice come from this formula: ((Weather+Chicks+Playing Time)-(institutional control))+partybus=UCLA
Larry Stylinson is so much to handle right now.
another fiscal year, another delicious summit! beard still smells of ribs, though. no complaints.
GifBoom is awesome :D
When he fits like a glove how can you say no !? haha jus bullshtn
The #Mavericks respond with a 7-0 run to start the 4th. #Blazers lead 74-73.
Please let me know if you know how to publish book or illustration
aman I dont play about my daughter. I will my grandma did that when I was little but my child her life ill do 25 life play me
Seriously, no one is asking you to sing.
That is too cute! Yeah kitties!
#Steiner sports memorabilia doing a nice job partnering with Neiman Marcus and Chase Ultimate Rewards
trying to muster up the strength to punch Hollywood in the dick for the second week in a row... Okay.
Changing so much water per week might seem like a waste. Tip: Water potted plants with old aquarium water.
My children are the best, brightest, most untainted part of me.
I should make cookies.
35 minute wait on hold is ridiculous
finally over the cold! I think that sampling a bottle from my collection of The Colonial Estate-Exile 2005 last night helped. Pure magic!
Love it! RT Don't try to win over haters. You're not the Jackass Whisperer.
cant believe tomorrow is
Ayye Bruh I'm feeling that Attire Beat. What you selling ya beats for
Uhmmm I'm just gonna say that was completely on purpose.... We need Artest in the next series
If you're with gay marriage being against your morals, you should take a look at your own life. I'm sure you'll find more than a few "sins".
yeah, what was up with that. Did go rogue?
I feel like Clark has so many lesbians
Most iranians do not want this ayatollah regime. They detain, murder,kill.
#FF thanks for RTs and mentions this week:
I wish I could tweet smells cause this food im eating smells great
Check out the new Twitter account for tweets in English from the Foreign Ministry
thanks girl <3
haha I feel ya
I have a select # of FREE tix to my improv comedy show tomorrow! 8PM in Shrm Oaks, CA. Message me to be "on the list". Oh- and its BYOB.
Well at the end of the day I think the biggest bitch was Tami because well I think all bullies are bitches that's just what I think
Toy Bombs playing at dba256 wine bar in Pomona tonight, 9pm!
That said, he is using a new approach, little used since Jimmy Carter: Telling the obvious truth. Too bad lies are always in season.
Hey Chris, we do have different payment plans. Would you like someone to reach out to you regarding promotions for any plans?
Anyone have connections for Knoxville, Chattanooga, and Nashville for this summer?
You can be on the radio. get in touch.
my daughter got a million words this year too! congrats to your son!
And that's Real
Viditza will be using the #healthycities tag for posts related to specific projects in specific cities around the globe.
That was another missed call.
will you meet us by the front?
Happy Mothers Day! You don't know me but I've watched you for hundreds of hours! Oh wait that sounds so creepy! Love #24 best ever.
Lil Wayne taught me that if your drowning in the pussy you can swim to the butt . - Jenna Marbels
No one likes a hypebeast
greatest of all time
CAN'T WAIT UNTILL SEP.20th.METH COMING I'M TALKING ABOUT BARRVIN GAYE,ROTHA VANDROSS,OR ANY OTHER NAMES THAT BOY COME WITH I FUCKS WITH.
Well today sucked.
To be interested in the changing seasons is a happier state of mind than to be hopelessly in love with spring. G Santayana Love 4 Seasons!
oh I will for sure!
I look like a bum right now.. but im comfy ^_^ lol
Audition in the valley:)
Its hot af.
#belfor website is busy because of the show that was just on tv?
looking forward to your review of american born chinese. and sad that these months of ya reading are coming to an end... sigh
Good stuff! Thanks!
Live like Spongebob. Laugh out loud all day without any reason, and annoy the mean people with your happiness.
Ughh, i never wanna get up in the morning -__-
why might you be moving? :/
#GlenCampbell is a very nice guy who deserves a Lifetime Achievement from #Grammys. Let's find a cure for Alzheimer's.
Totally in love with #CFFolks - pretty awesome venison and convo
I'd like it if you brought me yourself
Only 2 MANIC MONDAY DEALS LEFT!
Pancho's in Huntington Beach, Los Toros in Chatsworth or El Cholo's in Santa Monica! My fave places.
mhmmm :( but it will be nice to relax!
Thank you so much! Hope you are both having a wonderful day :))
Yeah, man...I thought the internet was supposed to be the end of that kind of thing.
National Emergency Alert System Test 2 p.m.
Just completed a nat'l commercial audition. It was my perfect type. And it went very well! Fingers crossed.
I want there to be one celeb who ACTUALLY dates a fan.
It is good to be home for a bit!!
What about XKCD?
me either so glad!!!!!!! How was vegas??? Have u saved for Hawaii?
I refuse to watch Sister Wives anymore until Cody gets a 5th wife. Playaaa playaa!
u got those NB 890s at Peak still if so what's a guy like me gonna get those for
“: Bye, bye Penguins...” I knew I liked you!
Incredibly cleansing to set up the new laptop from scratch but also incredibly time consuming.
Yard work then watch the Masters...nice little Sunday
I wish twitter had a like button and facebook had a retweet button.
Dance party at Hooters!
Nice to hear from another brother! Sadly, the foot business is busy...summer brings too many injuries! How is it with you?
NCAA UPDATE: Ohio State, seeded No. 2 in East region, to play Loyola, MD on Thursday in Pittsburgh.
RT : #UnfitMitt has no economic plans for the country which haven't already been tried & failed by Bush
Fuck yeah Giants!!!!
Sid the squid of the chesapeake salt water association came to our plot and is reminiscing about the good ol days in the prohabition era
Is it dumb to learn spanish for almost a decade and then drop it for chinese just b.c i have the plague? The pay in Latin america sux too..
Thank you to everyone! The more fans we get the more people we can get the ladies exposure 2 & make them stars.
Hi! Please email your question to: craftybastards[at]washingtoncitypaper[dot]com
ewww don't remind me, I swear I thought he was gay
8 hour birthing class today. Chair is killing me. Can only imagine how my wife feels. Ughh
#QuoteOfTheDay "There's only one person that can rub their nuts on my back." Umm... That just came out of 's mouth!
I know 125lbs will be great
You can't drive without car insurance.
“ Wrath is not the opposite of love. It is the love of God in action against anything that opposes it.”
Not sure why t-rex is trending but I like it.
Happy Valentines Day - Gleukos is looking at the 3 area Jensen's stores. Swing by and pick up few pouches, before heading out of town.
Thanks for the follow...I would love to come on your show and make my Muligatawney Soup sometime! Larry Thomas
Electric Windmill #2 will be up in a few days!
VMAs Are On., Holy Fuck., Did You See GaGa.????????? JUSTIN BIEBER IS GONNA BE ON.!!!!(:
Thanks for retweeting the Scripture. May your day and week be filled with the sparkling clean feeling that God can give.
Look Out for Yung Bambino "The Intro 2" Featuring Memphis Biggest Artists - Coming Soon!!!!!
Just woke up from a after party in LA. The Bet awards was last night. Ate some Jerrys Deli!
Watching the Halo 4 trailer. :O
When I did- I would compare it 2 ripping the Devil's claws right out of u... Continued next tweet
best song ever!
Happy Game of Thrones Day! Kill em ALL Starks!!!!
No, they're probably just the first "fake newlyweds" to separate so quickly.
Sounds lovely.
Nice! I Love So much talent!
which might surprise some people that think the use of their personal accounts matters.....
four more days :) can't wait
so does john think his brother is annoying still?
thank you my son
Thinking about going for a network certification...I just can't seem to quit this education game.
That song, impossible for nearly everyone but Houston, had to have been made for her.
Yes, please get on that. I'd like to meet KD also. Thanks!
thanks my dude
Time to dance
I can't wait to get home to listen to this! RT : Good Old War - Come Back as Rain - 2012 (320 kbps)
Hopefully, Libya will turn out better that the last time. And the time before that. And that time before that other time. And that time ...
Looking at apartments!
Are you coming home?
"The Hunger Games": really good (and almost as terrifying as middle school)
is so sexy (;
Shoutouts to Warbeats for posting our videos in their "How to Sell Beats" tutorials section! Thanks for showin' love!
Oh holidays. Getting started at the tonight!
it's testimony time! ;-)
Damn...don't know bout that call...
I'm betting the ovation is going to be long and loud! Did you get a good seat?
WAIT?!?!?! ITS 's birthday!! happy bday! MUST BE AMAZING 2 HAVE SUCH AMAZING FANS LIKE US!!
I am thinking about getting a BMW 320i Cabriolet for a new car!
Thank you, , for having a strong record and belief in supporting a woman's right to choose
being white
Nice piece in Speaking Freely about science. The practice of calling conservatives anti-science is anti-science.
Great workout ;) #floating&stinging
I think I'm anne of green gables
- haha me too. phone at 68%!
u super late. I been on here. I didn't know u were on here either tho
you mimic that lil asian kid?
Hit the corners & mix in the splitfinger w/huge drop.
never would.. ;)
- I am so proud of u. U were amazing & despite the judges mean & wrong comments. U killed on the trio. U are perfect!! <3 u.
": One week from today #KingsIsland begins its 40th anniversary season!"
Teaching "dialog" lesson tomorrow. Any suggestions on great scenes to show that r high school freindly?
Cops: Alcohol a factor in wrong-way crash
WOW...Fantasy football stud AND you tweet during the games...is there anything you don't do?
Awesome! Did she like it?
Thank to all the sponsors at Texas Get Online with /cc , I plan to learn a ton! :)
haha yea sge also wanted to go up but she didnt
love that one ( new Hampshire)
Fireworks from Marine Barracks woke up our kids.
We have shipped the next batch of bandcamp orders folks. Vote for us to play warped tour at "www.battleofthebands.com/u/CoyoteTheory"!
There is power in thought! The mind is a powerful thing!
Finishing my author-speaker training website in the next several days. Excited to share it with you. XX
kissed right in front of
what's up sergie? :)
putting in a request to be included in the phalanx
tough loss... didn't have a great game but I'm still a #Linsanity fan!
they showed mary a minute ago she's there!!
“: Meant to say...absolutely HATE depending on people”.
We are that awesome for sure!
Greater Wash Haiti Relief Committee sponsoring events at Haitian Emb tomorrow. W.Gwhrc.org
Take a break from your holiday shopping. Stop by on 1st & Lomas for some hot fresh french toast!
hahahahahaha!!! OMG!! maybe johnson will do it NEXT time:)
I just ate 5 Twizzlers for lunch at 2:30. That's probably OK.
God im tired and bored ass hell, eh fuck it gunna sleep with hollywood undead playing.
Sunday blues are the worst.
I didn't know you were from MD! My folks live in Bowie. Small world :)
Tub Doctor (TubDoctorIndy) thanks for the follow.
people started talking to each other in my head, that's when I started to write the novel #USC #writers conference
lol you look nothing like that!
That's a big reason I ended up in the online end of preservation. Couldn't draw my way out of a bag.
19 year old talent RT“: that looks like something a prisoner on 20yr sentence would make.”
craig how much for a drawing of victor cruz, he is going a huge event dor me on tuesday... lmk thanks
LAYING DOWN WATCHING PAID IN FULL B4 I TAKE THIS NAP!
for the record straight your aunt kate is the only one to teach you bad words cause she teaches my son them 2
We do what we can!
Didn't anyone tell these players that horizontal stripes make your ankles look fat?
I wonder if I tweet candyman 3 times what would happen
Your love is my drug :D
Found out they passed the gay marriage law today:) good, they have no right to keep people in love from marrying.
Attending CLE-Two Hats, One Lawyer: Demystifying Privilege and Confidentiality for In-House Counsel sponsored by
#informantbureau is at #sxsw some of the coolest tshirts ever!!! Follow!
but if they are then....its okayy guyz(: lololol
Is the way it is DD got this we know this MR DEPENDABLE will get it.all good just giving you crap.
In May 1867, Black protesters staged ride-ins to protest segregation of streetcars in NOLA & around the south
And I have been reminded again today why I'm not in accounting...
eh, nah I'm still not even sleepy -.-
Yes please! <33
Talking PR missteps with on WCCO-AM w/ Susie Jones, G.R. Anderson and Amy Gustafson at 1:00 pm. Gotta be more interesting than the Vikes!
Agreed... Cities are a party! Good thing, because they are hard work too...
“: I tweeted a picture! You're clearly not on your Twitter game today!” get it together
Yes, very cool! Interesting to see how people perceive their neighborhood or "Livehood"!
Bout to go back to the old me
watching celtics heat draw 95 / 95 ! okay pierce just got a free throw...
I'm afraid Nashville is done. Phx LA will be a bruising series.
Beltre's grand slam, and a 4-0 record!
New Year's resolutions in the works include belly dancing, writing, seeing friends. Need to focus, though!
hitting the treadmill can be a real grind - but in cold climates it's sort of a necessary evil.
Tell me something I don't know. RT : President Obama: "Same-sex couples should be able to get married"
Happy Cinco De Mayo and S/O to all my sexy Latina women
I want to talk about the tour so bad, but there are a couple more brush strokes...Been painting my ass off though.
been editing like crazy. NOW U will b able 2 listen 2 episodes anytime u want! by site/ill post them/or by email. details soon
Myth: hair grows after you die.
Homemade spaghetti and meatballs and my favorite show is back! #Bachelor tonight!!
The more bizarre my suits get the more I feel like... Matthew Lesko.
Thank you so much!! We'll have some videos to go along with the album pretty soon!
ice cream for KE$HA
So I hear has butt jewelry. Starting the new trend.
Lap Dance is trending.....gives me ideas.....
Are you or someone you know looking for a Marketing Coordinator?, Help you through social media?, Event Coordinator? Let me know.
;) Don't drink anymore Jameson!! It has turned u green!! lol J/k cute pic
Jamming to some Jeff Lorber...
Welcome Wheels, love your commentary "that's nasty"!
Legooooooooooo! Adam Freakin Jones! Solo Bomb!
love the show! but why don't the guys ever get makeovers? don't leave them in the dust!
Hope u & ur lovely wife had a great opening of tonite! I have a few friends in it too. Can't wait to see it!
The fucking face has two eyes like this *-.- !!! you put it like this, -. ! aha
mom, stop being a boob punch
are you talking about expansions on KEXP?
Hopping in the shower
#Orioles magic!
Sing Your Song makes me want to buy all of Harry Belafonte's music. He sings a mean Have Nagila & Guantanamera.
Hearing about Responsive Design by w/
what's with the red hat
I think you should go ahead with the end party just in case... :)
Maybe kissing is sort of like natureMy coffee
ECUSA has this trouble too. It's outrageous! Kids have spiritual needs, and we can't go on without them.
Great stats and definitely inspiring; reinforces that life starts after 40...make that 55!
you think? I've been staring at them for months trying to decided what needed to be added.
dont let me fork your flat spoon butt
New topic - Trip to Monterey Region
WE LOVE ALL OF OUR FOLLOWER ..... LOVE <3 <3
I want to watch The Human Centipede >:o
The Morning Ledger: Risky Loans Make Comeback - Wall Street Journal (blog)
Taking 5 steps forward but 15 steps back....
Sorry to hear that. We are VERY affordable and have financing. Hope you get relief soon.
I'm here having breakfast - ordered sweet potato pancakes, eggs and sausage off senior menu - seniors over 55 eat free 3p to 5 p m - m - f
A Separate Piece of Piece
Am thankful to have served in Iraq but am glad the troops are coming home and that it is over. Thanks for ending it!
When life's path is steep, keep your mind even
Kirschenbaum begins with NYTimes story in 1981 about deletion of text from using a word processor
considering your personality?
Lamborghini murcie ; your man is so thirsty <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
My professor sounds like the teacher from Jimmy Neutron
The weather in Echo Park today is perfect!
$10 off our Hot Stone Pedicure! This week only!
like i am craving them. sigh
Third time in two weeks someone has complained to me about their job then added, "But I'm glad to have one." Brutal times.
On any given night in America, anywhere from 700,000 to 2 million people are homeless.
Youve gone away, but the love still lives here.
Flo lives at 187 unicorn dr
my biggest fan wrote "GALLUPER FOR LIFE" today on the board in english. love you xox.
(Monika Codourey) examines ever more exacerbated questions of class (and aesthetics) in contemporary airports
swear never stay in my ears
The concert was amazing.
Congrats to for advancing in the #NCAATourney last night!
Really like the color choices, #graphics & #layout on your #website. Very nice, well done #design work! :) :)
New pic published: Portraits of New York Big Mike, umbrella pictures, underwater cameras
here this Saturday! Use code Hillman15 for a ticket discount!
RT : One good thing about Brantley on TV: His refusal to give score/inning/out updates isn't a problem. On radio, it's maddening.
shut up and come on xbox ya dink
all the way in #Miami but still thinking bout dat #seperationanxiety lol
#JohnnyGant is currently at #GoldenGloves nationals with but stop by! Workout!
RT : Amig de #LATISM let's show my students what a real-time is #MAUSMClass < here!
"Hit the Lights" premieres on Vevo/MTV this Wednesday Nov. 16th... take a peek at the live performance from the...
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
D3 extends good luck wishes today to: N.N., J.O., P.W., C.M., R.N., G.P., M.H., and of course, K.G.! Thanks R.M. for your exemplary work!
Nick C:its christmas Bitches Me: No it aint u dumb ass >:-( NICK C:BUT I STILL LUV U <3 my Swagg stupid bestie Nick Cora
Yep, you right!
haha...yes, they are.
Happy Birthday my love:)!
haha! that's a new one!
#ThoughtsWhileRunning just keep running.
Until you can be true to yourself, you cannot be true to anyone else!!!
- Go Donna Go!
The fog is clearing . . . .life returning to normal? No more being stuck in tenant/landlrod law hell for a while!
I'll be your Valentine! RT: : Why doesn't want to be our Valentime? Is it that floozy again?
Looking for a talented Senior Oracle/Microsoft SQL Server DBA to provide database technology leadership to a team of developers building bu…
playing with a plastic flippy light-up menorah
Allegro Dance Company on the road this weekend at St Francis University in Loretto Pa!
Light housework has turned into a full day of chores and errands. Shouldn't I be out riding? I need a beer.
The TV hiatus is over!! All Stars and Jersey Shore tonight!
It was really good! Give it at least 9 months!
heey ! i have the shirt your wearing in your profile picture.i know random.kbye.<33 :)
yes we will run contests here on Twitter too :)
Guess I'll go tan!!<U+2600>
It's supposed to drop into the mid 30's tonight! Yikes.
Up early on em
This bitch !
Just hopped on the Amtrak in New Orleans after meetings at the Final Four
The tube of super glue is glued to the cap
are you having a blast at playlist live??
Just saw it a week or so ago. Love Kristin Wigg.
Trust is like a broken mirror; you piece together all the pieces, but you'll always see the cracks in your reflection…
guitar, begin! and GO CAPS!
Can you imagine the jobs that will be created if the housing market were to start correcting itself now??? Ask me, I will tell you.
Wish We could Go Back to The 70's Dance Like Theres No Tomorrow Have Peace & Groovy Love Get High and Have Fun.<U+265B> Best Fucking Life EVER<3
sounds fun, but I'm SO not meant for LA lol
Did u c me checkin u out @ musicfest? ;)
was a pleasure meeting you last month when we were leaving the tech meetup. Told you I follow you on Twitter!
Mighty lil fundraiser in the making here! Working on my, I WALK- Colorado AIDS Walk photo now!
im so tired all i want to do is go to sleep but its to early :(
It was like of him and his friends and it said HI. (:
no. They're 4 different friends in 4 different locations.One had her baby last night. Just lots of pregnant friends right now.
Been locked down since 1:30 glad this shift almost over
Gleukos "mobile" on ice. Pretty Cool
I see that the Sesame Street Challenge is over, when will you announce the winner?
I think you talk to every guy in our school #DesperateMuch?
I wish Eric Souliere would call me in again! Work it Universe.
sounds like a great gig and a great way to be #productive while working.
this will help me get there alot easier
rt <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>. What are these three squares?
Rachel Maddow is awesome.
A huge glass of water, Advil, a long hot shower, and a bowl pack is the perfect cure. End of story.
Why the tension!!
Director Frank Straub on the air live tomorrow 7-9pm the JT Show on 95.9 FM. Tune in or stream at freedom959.com. Don't miss this interview
okie dokie! sorry to miss you!
I wonder if they will laugh when I am dead?
Ryan Butcher is our DJ tonight. Come listen to him spin.
Touche. But in this case, yes. :)
Fourth Thursday afternoons of the month
They are rarely worth the cost, actually :/
I trained my first client today and it went really well, bring on more clients!
why are you making fun of me?
Congrats to the newlyweds Mr. & Mrs. Joel Terry!! Time to change your #twitter handle :)
Is it bedtime yet?!?
Gotta a headache :/
"You going home early is comparable to a unicorn roaming the streets of NYC. Highly unlikely."
Great photos! and a cool idea for a blog/project thing. :)
Hey is tha mane!
is going to sign up to become a Reston Runner, and prepare for the Baltimore half-marathon in October.
loves getting paid to workout. One of the best jobs ever. Second to working in a library, of course.
HoraceIn this world a man must either be an anvil or hammer
Yeah that Hologram thingy. Already been done. TLC did it with Left Eye. Not new. Stop your blood clot gawking. (just being a jerk;)
I wish you would and google 3
#Redskins bitch
I am going with Memphis and Miami in the Finals. This year, I believe LeBron will silence his critics. What do u think?
My Money < Ur Cash
": thanks. All the beat downs u gave me helped make me strong." At least you know it was for the greater good.
New Holland Brewing bringing their "Art in Fermented Form" to Beer Hoptacular! 18 Days and counting...
If you're ever in Los Feliz go to Cap n' Cork liquor store. 10 freezer cases full of the best selection of craft beer I've ever encountered.
morning Brian and Tim :-)
I have a feeling Kobe will have a Jordan-esque game tonight.
I get ANGRY. Karma will get even for me. lol
Oh, changing the profile pic.! RT so cute honey:)
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
My manager trying to get me "dates" that's not cute -__-
Love seeing close up!! Da Beast!!!!
Thanks for the follow
#theartist - very clever movie
- Yes - and what He experienced to gain it all back and some...
LOVED seeing the smash the punk lakers. LOVE IT !!!!!!!
I just don't know
Because selena's with the illuminati they promote her way... More & demi is not whick is way better
Friday Night Lights baby!
if u do make it to #innotech try & bring old cell phones to donate for a great cause . stop by and check us out
and he continues...1 more hour to redeem himself, but not sure if he can make it up though.
Great meeting you man! N.O. is a crazy place. Call you this week about scheduling.
I was able to watch only 50:48 minutes of the movie. Ugh. I'll download the rest tomorrow.
You shouldn't throw stones If you live in a glass house
Ok. Will do. could be a good book too.
The Salty Caramels are playing Hookahville this Sunday at 5pm!!
you can now buy 's new album,
Damn, fuck that dream. That would be tragic. Gonna sound crazy but i had a dream my brother died before i found out
Nah he isn't coming back I think he is playing for The Puerto Rican or Dominican Basketball team
Not right now, but will keep you in mind for future.
st marten in octooooobeerrrrrrrrrrrrr
Get your TAN ON*Specials*Buy 5 UV Tans, get 2 FREE! Buy ANY membership, and tan the rest of March FREE! Be sure to ask about our LOTION SALE
i wish you would follow me :)
Just finished this month's Book Club read -- Fairy Tale Interrupted. (r terenzio). And I cried at the end. Naturally.
Philly's Youth vs Boston's experience. Who do you have winning Game 1? Respond with
“: Gabby Giffords looks great! God bless her recovery! #tcot” Amen!
thanks so much! :)
Favorite DC coffee shop (must also have sweets)?
: know of any way of doing DM messages over Android?
I believe USA wants a leader not a politician as Commander in Chief. Support a president who won't play politics with our future
You're welcome. Thanks for posting about the show.
Nah, it's cyclical...all radio decisions are ultimately about ratings and revenue. Hence, the demise of air America.
why is like every celebrity on the planet getting a gifboom i do not understand
and sad part now is no more local broadcast with Bill and Sean. great work as usual to those guys
Wearing a bowtie
buy the new book 77 Tried-and-True Home Based Businesses for Today’s Entrepreneur at my website www.reatemoneyweb.com
Okay, enough of the shoes. I am off to the dentist. Fun, fun, fun.
Follow Friday Magic SHOUTZ to
4th of July is right around the corner...how are you planning on celebrating??
and totally loved the post ;)
Never gazing in her eyes; destination is her thighs
when do we see a trailer?
thank you for following us! Let us know if there are any events you would like us to get out and support!
Just love this girl!
okay so why is #vegetarians a tt? the thangs that are being said are so not funny . #teamvegetarian .
Try our Guatemalan! Light roast. Grown in the midst of volcanoes, this coffee excites the senses with its lingering aroma, unique and...
The pleasure was all mine - what a fabulous day!
Just finished reading The Magician King by Extremely glad to know there will be a third book.
Go pray RT : I am wide awake and have not a clue what to do with myself since my homework is done...(for the night)
ATTENTION FOLLOWERS: It appears our twitter account has been hacked. We did NOT send out any links. DO NOT click them.
Am I your friend ?
It's time to sign up for fall courses already?! I can't believe we're already juniors
Does anyone still use Google+?
If you hear lock pick, inside information or money back guarantee, stay away!
Tying my shoe strings! What a busy day! Reconnecting with my online buddies...
Don't flatter yourself! ; )
The day the world went monochrome. 9/11
you & yall need to show the world yall are
stoked to make money so I can finally expand on clothing!
Hardest part of moving: slowly packing away every memory from the past 4 years.
Wed-Thursday! I got a puppy!!!!!
lets go Heat! Im the one getting free food! ;D
It's already a good morning, let's make it a productive one!
Good evening Hon.....how are you and what happened??
Or Sabbath. Or Slayer. Yeah, introduce him to Slayer.
Day 2 of sugar and coffee cleanse. Snacking on sweet, sweet pineapple. Any other suggestions for substitute health foods?
NPR just sampled Black and Yellow then transitioned into a story about online prostitution. My life is complete.
I Guess They Got Tired Of Laughing
always watch infront and behind you.... lol all creeeeppy
looks like #Bruins either forgot to set their clocks ahead or they decided to use Tyler Seguin's alarm clock for this one
Just caught a screening of The Help. Viola Davis, Bryce Dallas Howard, Allison Janney, Octavia Spencer and Emma Stone talked afterwards!
my comment on Macca's bias stems from watching the Arsenal-Liverpool matches. So maybe less anti-Ars & more pro-Pool.
Lol I'm bout to cut mine too
Looks like the media is back to hating .... hope he doesn't beat himself up over it.
I bet would
LMAO that's sum real life shit
its like watchin a
lol I feel you bruh. Aye do y'all need some help over there, I need another job lol. How u like ya spot?
I saw it in the theater, didn't care for it too much. The suspense kept building and building but nothing happened!
ohh good :) hehe.. it was good :D but I worked the all week lol
Look at your shoes! Your not a G
Yo So As Soin As Asia Got In Jameaka Face that Bell Ringed And Jameka Dipped lmao punk
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
Thanks sweetie!! <3
I have found another dedicated Mahomie that deserves to be followed by you!
Good evening fam :)
The high in the sky
Not to be a Debbie Downer, but it's true. RT : Mother's Day isn't so easy when your mom is dead. Pls remember that this year.
Watching him play in college was awesome!
#IfYouWereSmart you wouldnt say one thing to me then another thing to someone else
good luck! is about to start hers!
Of course this is not say, working hard and smart was not involved. But learning to manifest was key!
I love you (: i just thought you should know.
It's on the bulletin board in my apartment building.
Sally Fans> please post your reviews of the show on AMAZON! It really helps! thanks!
there are highs?
It's OK if you missed their call. I miss them a lot. You called back and that is good enough.
So many people have checked into the airport recently and I'm jealous.. Can't wait to check in June 30th!!
morning world (Y)
Let's get Perk-o-lating!
We are seeking #Piano #Bar #Entertainers to be the star attraction for our onboard piano bar lounges. Must have a great stage personality.
No, I don't have Showtime! Dying to see it, looks so good! Try FNL! Definitely not as cheesy as it looks.
I politely said "no" when asked if there was a reason I was speeding. Truthfully, I should have said: "caffiene & dubstep"
And yes, according to , it is not a misprint, wow, must've been a really bad year for NBA guys improving
Looking for a place at work with some peace and quiet before the night shift starts. Day crew milling around loudly before they go home :-(
We r ready!!!
Oh the conversations my friends and I have.
Dodged em all yesterday <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I can't believe Freedom Makes You Beautiful is still trending! Well done!
After laying in bed most of the day due to migraines, apparently I am a bit punchy. :P
Awww you romantic
Thanks Jimmy! ;-) You guys rock. Hows going!?
So far the Trivial League of Trivia is in first place
Zomg now i can bike to the beach :D
My nomination for the Top Phrases of the First Week of 2011 List: incendiary device
That sounds awesome!
What was your biggest bridal splurge?
Being interesting makes you hotter. Looks are only for the moment- personality, talent and education win it!
# GoodLifeSaturdays this SAT!!!!
haha its fine. And thanks :) they just got up on Facebook. Lol
I've been on the road for a month now, every shit is now an emergency.
that is why you are smarter than me
The argument is at an end.
Thanks for the RT! If you have any questions, let us know!
It’s not about time, it’s about choices. How are you spending your choices? Beverly Adamo
go check out my band
follow back bitch
Happy T Day Wanie and Tricky nick #20Mobb free Head
The League of Woman Voters 12th district forum just started. Still time to get here. 501 E. Chase Street
John Adams, 1796: "I read forever, and am determined to sacrifice my eyes, like John Milton, rather than give up the amusement"
JJBLT with Becky. Obv! Thanks heather :)
Word up Doc. Gonna Rock The Shop this Fri & Sat night...
ahaha....i was too busy laughing to pay attention...
Have fun!
Happy Mothers day to all of the mothers out there! Thanks for bringin all us kids into the world.(:
Hey bro, thanks for the RT.
That's fine if he's really sick and cant make it, but don't act like it isn't a detriment when every other GM will be there
Love this. RT : I'm at Swig in Milwaukee we have the same waiter! we ordered the same food!
Aw:) Nikki looks normal in this video!
Currently attending a luau...
Moms, Dads, Grandparents...don't forget to like us on Facebook & post your Twitter name on our wall for a chance to #win an Exploracise DVD!
is LIVE on w/ more Haunted House passes than I can count! Let's give it a whirl, Chicago! YOU are winning EVERY hour!...
Good point! Updated to "potential" moms. Thanks!
Why I wear thick, fluffy socks: 1%Comfort 1%Warmth 98%Increased ability to slide across floor like a fricken ninja on an invisible surfboard
Hate it when u put a screen protector on your phone and there is a bubble in the middle
Good morning everyone!!!
Recession 101: Chill (Hysteria leads to Recessions)
"You know what they say: love is blind." -
getting used to the new TweetDeck look and WORD 2010 - feeling overloaded that I can't do yet what I used ot do on both-learning curve
where can we get that #OVERNIGHTCELEBRITY Mixtape w
Idk how many times I can say that I love my friends #CBFamily :-)
Welcome and thanks for following us
if there's this big party going on inside the barrel that you get to enjoy, that we don't see. like the movie Contact.
nope not a thing.
RT : Go see the first three floors of the Moore building #DesignDistrict amazing!!
finishing the week on a massive high after receiving amazing compliments from awesome clients , &
I'M SORRY.
#Learn The #Bully, The #Bullied students and the By-Stander. Most students do NOT want to be By-Standers, but how?
Not that there should be a reward but what is the point to being a gentleman if you can't say thank you?
shipping out these beats all night! Getting these hits to your favorite artists!
I certainly will!
Politics just suck in general.
Thanks! And good meeting you at
make sure you follow J-LYRIC & MTG EVENTS
hi pls check out my music at kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
big east teams playing?
Please just grow up
I don't deserve to be this happy...
: I like your tweets. Happy 4th of July 2 u 2
Sign-up for tomorrow: “Design-a-Kitchen” @ Paramus 8:30 am. Hands-on design project, meet faculty. The fee is $35 (includes lunch)
I feel like whoever is behind and I would get along great. Literally laughing out loud! I could read these things for days
Taco Time!
Sorry, I couldn't find ur Name.... Did u chanqe ur screen name???. Maybe my phone was messinq up..afterall,it IS freezin a lot.
Are you ready for the end of the world on Saturday? Might want to get cleaned up before rapture.
nice MMG Excuse My French coming soon bangerrr!
well only if you're joking, some people troll in chats then go on camera naked... not so funny #vomit haha ;P
what's up sexy
Sunny all weekend...what sport will you be attending/playing?
#gotosong Call Me Maybe! :)
Hey i'm from tumblr :D
FOLLOW ME PLZ (: I NVR GET NOTICED BY YOU GUYS ):
If Monday were a person, it'd be a Directionator.
When you coming back to lala little gypsy?? We miss you!!!
i swa your youtube vids bhudd bra please follow me
Hanging in there; loving playoff series in NHL/NBA, Triple Crown fever and waiting on 1st night of NYCBallet's spring season.
indeed - even though the Streak is only a couple of years old, in Tech years it's time for it to retire
Don't forget to get your tickets to Paradise Hotel-Opening Friday @ 7:30-before there is No Vacancy!! theatre.sdsu.edu
": Back up QB with a news conference cmon son" exactly my thoughts
Some country music this morning to sooth my soul
Husband turns to me and says information is useless if you can't find it. Then realizes that's the crux of my field.
Our SORRY TO HEAR ABOUT YOUR ARREST greeting card would be appropriate.
YOU HAVE 999 FOLLOWERS!!!!!!!
Delta pre check saved me at least 30 mins in line today!!! Ah-mazing!
Baltimore Orioles staying at Mayflower hotel in Farragut North
who will?
lol you couldn't even tell they was fake.
What a travel day. Finally at the hotel, just in time to work. Thank goodness for sparkling water.
I fucking hate guys. My boyfriend kissed me, told me he loves me, and then broke up with me two days later, and didnt even give a legit (c)
Correction: The (pre) Yuri's Night #DCDrinkUp will be on Thursday, April 5th at Rocket Bar!
this trade will be based on results of Bryzgalov. What has #Bryzgalov done lately?
great! lets do it up!! what is your email address? Ill email you the Q&A!
I need a bourbon that works for marinating pork and making cocktails, and don't really know bourbons. Is Elijah Craig a good choice?
Tweeting just to tweet
was asleep. Got my morning shift today and tonorrow so 345 wake up call
TriCity and Sunseri are good movers. U rent truck and drive it. They do all hauling. Saves money that way.
Thank you! I will!
Thanks! I love the plasma too. :D
It's the price tag. Sales would take off if more of the 99% could afford it
Spent all day listening to an elementary teacher tell me how to teach vocabulary. I am a foreign language teacher. I rest my case.
Enjoying a few seconds of R&R before rejoining the fray of hundreds of noobs in Manhattan
I suppose it's better than Morg.
hi i love you k bai!(:
( Black with Vibrant Pink Trim )Dual Pocket Zipper Laptop Carrying Case Sleeve Cover (Checkpoint Friendly) for the Apple MacBook Air or Appl
Thank you for the mention.
Thanks for the follow! I'm in BOS & toying the idea of a #highered PhD one day, too :)
how are you not reporting the Oklahoma City airport bomb story?
Playing with Yahoo! Pipes for the first time. It's so cool and easy to use!
THANK YOU for an amazing show tonight! Brilliant, funny, wise, loving and dirty at the same time!
Tuning in AND recording it - looking forward to this venture for you, Wynton. Best of luck!
what just happened?
Enrollment appointments will be available in Orion during the first week of november. email me if you need to chat re schedule.
hah! I thought you meant music *from* the Bahamas... i'm so square.
Ick. MT : Maybe I'm being 2 critical, but I feel like titling an Alzheimer's awareness gala "Unforgettable" is a tad tacky.
Boo. Who u talking about?
or halls cough drops
me to
was your smoothie good? LOL
VERY HEALTHILY
Thanks for the follow: People who
hey there(: follow back? RT
Life is meaningless only if we allow it to be. Each of us has the power to give life meaning.
just dm the email address thanks judy xo
OMG best birthday cake ever! I'm eating birthday cake pancakes right now.
Passion motivates the journey. That can only be shown in communication, & not faked.
Even though it doesn't look that warm I feel like going to the beach.
Inhale love, exhale hate.
I'm really good at smelling good.
the #wiunion - #jan25 parallels are creepy sometimes
Turns out, I'm no repairman. Two new parts and $120 later, it's cheaper to just buy a new washing machine. Sigh.
Kieffer is no good for you. For what he did to you screw him
How come Maysonet never gets to start?
I can't sleep cause I'm still excited. Haha
P&R em to death.
One down, about three thousand more to go! The harder they come, the harder they fall, one and all!!!
i dont see anythin in my messages?
What are your plans for
RT : Me & autocorrect have a love/hate relationship .
Finally a sunny spring day in chicago!
that one for me too? :/
Some guy just took it...
Tipped punt or just shanked off the side of his foot? Eiother way, Ducks get great field position at the 39 going in.
“: I won't give GOP or RNC one dime. The corruption runs deep.”.
If you're happy with your life right now, pat yourself on the back. If you're not, what are you waiting for? Action Begets Action !!
thanks, danny. :-)
I was always afraid to work at a bank. I was afraid I'd short change someone and I would lose my job.
Anyone else think bailey from next generation is cute?
As I'm watching this Honda commercial with the black superhero that looks like she was in the cast of "Set it off"...
Did you watch Primeval at all? I really like that one. Drama and dinosaurs.
oops forgot
will you marry me?
Devils just won is OT!
no! I have2 soo much to tell you! Well actualy not alot, lets just say dimples noticed me in my skirt today(;
Thank you!
he's pretty cool
Kidding me Josh Hamilton? 4 2-run HR's in one game
Only team im cool w beating Heat is Pacers.
Partying w/ it's her Birthday.....it's a celebration Bitches!!
I can't fucking stand the people in my life.
Looking forward to sharing more about the Dispatch Media Group's Farm to Plate Restaurant Week coming in August! Message Natalie for details
Improptu Chicks In Charge lunch today @ Torrey Pines. Contact me for details!
Denny's just went #Baconalia and created a Maple Bacon Sundae.. what are your thoughts???
Hope you know that you ain't got shit coming here
exactly. ps, I need real pizza when there. Also probably salami & other Italian specialties.
When I Make It We All Make It!
I.smoked weed before it was cool... Now I do meth
Writing a lot of <div>'s today and actually remembering to close them </div>.
too funny!
correction, next time I want a FREE cab ride I call you RT The cop let him off on the ticket so he paid it forward...
I have a chicken McNugget that looks exactly like Jeb Bush. Got it up on EBay right now.
Word on the street is that my sugar cookies are a hit with the two year-olds. Srsly, mob scene. :)
Timmy needs to be Kryptonite...tonight!
Let me go grab some lunch
She'd probably only get the animal right if presented with the animal on a bag of Cheetos.
after tomorrow, i'm off for three days!
my bed feels so comfortable after a long day.
Thanks for the #FF shout out Chad.
yea I'm sorry well I might keep it but I don't know yet
RT "Eskimo brothers always forgive" Yeah I'm pretty sure they don't. Ever.
S/O to my new follower
yea I get them delivered to me also but there's nothing like goin to movies to see on the big screen. Nice website
If u build a new sch and DON'T take adv of opp to accelerate improvement thru #PBL, #elearning & #edtech u r wasting opportunity!
Having an awesome time in New York with the iNickelodeonShow cast! I really love this city!
Audience Partners: top website visited by Republicans. #Targus interactive insight summit
Have the next two weekends planned out. Just waiting for the days to come.
RT : What's up with your #FitFriday?
RT : Will have live updates from the Barlow-Clackamas football game. About 14 minutes until kickoff.
2 days of waking up before 6am is two too many.
RT Aw. Cervelli's gonna catch Pettitte on Sunday. And I'll be stuck at work...<Is game avail anywhere to watch?...
A little relaxation then to the office to catch up on paperwork for RGM Records
My Vibrams are amazing. You will not be sorry.
my cats breath smells like dog food :/
thank you for the rt!
I hear ya - can't blame the athlete for taking the money these dumb owners are throwing out there...
men who beat women deserve the death penalty. strong opinion? i know!
Oh yeah, make a Laker prediction for tonight so I can favorite it too...lol
follow me please ??
You can't force yourself to stop liking someone, but you can tell yourself that you deserve better & try to move on.
Hey bloggers: If you'd like to take part in a blog tour for THE WATER WARS by Cameron Stracher email us at
Obama does this. RT : #worstfasiontrends suits cut so fitted, they look like youre borrowing your little brothers
I think Chris Davis is my new hero.
S/O to all my new
“: I didnt think I'd catch feelings..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>”RT you ok ?
Sure thing. ;) Just say when.
Laying out getting my tan on :)
Kenyon Martin is a thug. Dirty play all game.
Oh yeah, I vaguely remember hearing about that movie being the source of the name.
Ain't NO jive-I'm awake and alive and makin' the big drive up the I-Five! Blessings to all for a great day!!
If followed me, I'd be the happiest girl in the world! #NoJoke Ah I just love him <33333 :*
just it back from the y
To my spiritual children....... U know who u r.......(really u do) Luv ya!
Sweet photo, Tom.
If Chipotle wants to stay a premium provider they'll need to quit arm wrestling me for more rice.
Oh so u are not ? Ok <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> RT : lol u sure about tht
Hi Christina! Just wanted to say THANKS for ur sweet msg! Thx 4 watching! :)
Jacuzzi was bomb!!
when you coming back to Chicago?!
Ha! Yeah, a 6 month old, 2 and a half and 6 year old singing "Dirty crusty asses ride with us!" my brother will love that.
Girls who are changing the world:
Thank you. And they're so relevant.
I miss when Austin would post a cover every week.
Half OFF! It's Monday. Half OFF if any bottled wine you choose!
Agreed! They were great!
Not the asshole part, no.
You either are a fan or a hater of someone because you want their swag.
hahaha I need to talk to you more when I'm having a rough day!
3:30 is an hour after the dentist. Which is tooth hurty.. Hah, happy birthday
LMFAOOOOOOOO OMFG. I LOVE IT HOW REBA JUST TXTED ME CUSSING ME OUT CAUSE TRISTAN GAVE ME A HUG AND NOT HER. LMFAOOOOOOO. OMG. OMG. -DIES-
super excited to see what you bring for the youth sizes...my daughter has already requested 2 pair
Ron droppin elbows and knees LMAO
Tweet me your favorite pun. Not an oxymoron.
true story
Kerry Rose is on - she looks stunning
Total panic attack in Bellevue with their holiday shenanigans.
Spending the day with Tashh exploring Hollywood and grabbing dinner at the grove.
All hail the Chicago Citation Style and for including a template for podcast sources!
And I did awesome karate chop dancing while driving.
You love me despite all of my imperfections.
Ha! But seriously, that's a grand question. If they came from the earth, they wouldn't need umbilical cords would they?
One word:
Singing, dancing, and my instruments are my life!! What are your hobbies?
Goes to king of Prussia mall... first stop- food court.
This has been a very depressing sports week.
NASA MESSENGER Image of Mercury: Crater Debussy
Dmg is a HUGE loss center. Rental cos often back down from small clms because cost of fighting>reward.
good luck!
Agree!! We are lucky to be able to do this fun stuff
What I hate most about Twitter finishing a good tweet, having -1 characters left, and then having to decide which grammar crime to commi
In the end, your gotta do what’s best for yourself.
I'm finally on this! Your welcome! :D
sad but true
What's the best looking wine label you've ever seen on a bottle?
dam woke up sick wtf!
Yo working on this joint rite now for dj dj, all i gotta say is MURDA blackcaesar
Thank you for the support :) Keep following us for recent updates & invite your friends to follow us too :)
Haha so true! :'D
Yuor freaking awesome, i love you! will you follow me please? :D <3
awww that makes you even cuter!
i got this new app where you milk a cow hahaha!
When the broken hearted people living in the world agree.. There will be an answer. Let it be!
S/o to the oh so delightful
Don't forget to go to Orangeleaf for NEHS!
Now let's go back to talking about jobs and the economy, please! From now on, no more distractions, please!
Music, music, music ..
And the winner is chef Flicker #ChefChallenge congratulations!
The troll deserved it. I told them earlier that we were still voting en masse for JoKlo no matter the BS they spread.
“: ": Please make your long stories shorter..." this tweet reminds me of you lol” - haha "ur exhausting"
Ashley Young #love :)
Imma make you my bitch
I just prayed for each and every one of you to have what you need and receive what you want.
All I have to say to him is thank you for showing me how every person is NOT what they seem like c:
does toast toast toast?
Need to go home and pack for #WSWRC12. Safe travels, everyone!
For the love of God! REBOUNDS!!
No problem! Thanks for your involvement with the event. :)
Now Playing 'Hope' by Anything Box.Their third album.I'm in a mood.
If Tim Tebow had the numbers that Sanchez's had which improved every year U would be calling him the greatest QB ever
Americans worry about Human Rights in other lands while they Torture and Slaughter Native immigrant children likes rats on theBorder!
looks like you had "good" seats
: I know I'm not fully California yet when Rick Ross does a song for Tupac and I could care less.
no school. now to the mall :)
More to the point, there's no parallel: creepy stalking is creepy, making a $5 test donation is clearly legit.
So where's a place you'd like to see LevelUp that currently does not have it?
Love it!
Dear Lady Gaga, if you were "Born This Way" why the fuck are you pretending to be a dude? Sincerely, Confused.
I vote tiff cuz she said she no how to work that damn thing
u welcome nothing takin mom dukes out to eat
I'm not speeding. I'm just qualifying.
Ah... much better... lawnboy has left the scene. Now, I get to work. Yeah!
You're welcome! So glad it got to you. Where will you be for New Years?
... you should also try to come see me, Jacob, & Katie in "Songs for a New World".
call was returned, and I'm thankful. no surprise packages in your future. thanks!
please feel free to send them my way (I'll give credit, of course). I'm amberdemure at gmail.
"Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference."
waiting to get up outta terre haute
In Hollywood we're rockin'
Watching a movie in history
Spent the morning recording songs about afternoon tea and guns for Props to Rob Collier for the arrangements!
In-store tasting w Belle Meade Bourbon & the Nelson brothers,Friday,4:30-6:30.Mark your calendars & don't miss it!
I'm so proud of you for getting 3 million followers! I love you Niall(:
Our new restaurant currently has 21 locations & three international restaurants. They're opening their first Houston location in CITYCENTRE!
U thought u was in love wit money til the first time we did the
Have a happy Thanksgiving from us at Remodel America!
I followed you. Asked others to as well. Because you are cool. :)
I would switch to in a heartbeat if I could bring over my Sierra Wireless Overdrive hotspot. Sad I can't.
The reason I exercise is for the quality of life I enjoy
It is 3*F (-16*C) outside with over 15* wind-chill below that. The Snow shoveling Party is in the morning!
If ya can't take the heat get ya ass out the kitchen
Gene Wilder was nominated for a Golden Globe in 1976 for his work in Silver Streak. He lost to Kris Kristofferson (A Star is Born).
Yes, they taste bad but the glow also is to communicate with potential mates.
#Follow he will follow back right away
COMPLETELY RELEVANT
hey tiff lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
My mans a sleep drank too much...lol
A lot of repubs backed Ryans new bill, which in part addresses medicare. It's garbage. repubs now trying to back out.
Good Morning! Another beautiful day! Week has been fantastic so far...can't wait to see what the rest of the week brings! How's yours going?
So... you think we can make that x x collaboration happen anytime soon?
i got my stitches out today!
I suppose but i'm not condoning dropping outta High School tho lol
Big thanks to last night for a fun show - look forward to seeing Anarchy and its great fans represent at the Fanfest next wknd!
If the grass is greener in the other fellow's yard - let him worry about cutting it.
Back in High Point, NC! Love it here but it's so cold!
Tradish lunch at Free State Brewery with Next up, should we see Harry Potter or The Fighter?
you and Justin together Almost too much to handle lol
RT : Awesome! RT : Thank you to the member who tracked me down and returned my phone. Best surprise I've had in...
Now tell me this ?
Any ideas for dinner tonight? It's going to be hard to beat last night's stuffed green peppers.
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
Its not a good idea for anybody to goto the Raiders.. God bless them and their weird ways!
Tasks for today: copy edits and more copy edits. *sigh*
I hate that awkward distance when you don't know if you should hold the door or not.
I moved my desk to the back; have a table when you walk in at which we can sit side by side
oh we beer twins meow #wtf ale
It kills me that the Mayyors are no more. That 4 song 12'' they put out is damn near as good as it gets.
I have crossed a major life threshold. My next move will require professional movers, rather than a friend and a Buick.
City Feast Dinning out to Conquer Diabetes tonight
I still have my old one, and it's more suited for dj'ing anyway. Don't think I won't bring it in. ;)
I slept the whole day away. ):
Ok #padres, are you going to try to convince me that all these strikeouts at home are because of #petcopark?
-- jobs before climate.
Hahaha :P Very Funny Scary Guy :P :) <3
I honestly don't care how short I am, but good try to make fun of me, I aplaud you <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
seriously. There was an unopened bottle of Terrapin Depth Charge literally ON the bar. When i inquired: "not for sale".
Eastern Michigan University was the worst school that I had ever attended this decade.
one of the best cash songs! Welk, they're all good!
My bodys more sore than after my sisters accident last yr.Good thing the gym hits me harder than pickup trucks...
avant hit me up
Why am i in michigan?
What is going on with this weather? Do we even have seasons anymore?!
I don't think I'm Doing a piggy this year. I'm doing a goat for sure and chickens.
The internet has really taken all the sportsmanship out of stalking...
have you seen the Thai Pad? It's at levenger. Just ordered it. Google it. Very cool.
Dodgers lead the Cubs 3-0 in the top of the 3rd.
Making farting noises in German>>
Omg you still have it?
Dancing like crazy to Wicked.... If you coulsn't guess, I'm tired!
what not Spock!
Best day of the year. Cheers! RT Happy Repeal Day, everyone!
If someone seeks advice, give them direction, not correction. Do not force your opinions on others. Steer them to make their owns decisions.
I haven't taken chemistry in a while. What is it?
I came here for the cilantro crawfish gumbo
whenever. I leave in 2 weeks. There's some spots in downtown riverside ud probably like
#marc 511 about 5min delay. That only happens when I arrive 5 min early!
hey you! How are you?
How about no fees for snowboards? Any special there to CO?
Funny, my bourbon collection is always dwindling.
just watched all episodes of #TheFashionFund and i saw my favorite #malemodel in a presensation for the
Tho I never knew before, I know it now.That we can breach the distance of heaven &earth, and share love. For I have done so.
RT : "You just shouldn't depend on next times and second chances. You never know if they come."
Scavenger Hunt!
Happy Halloween! Have you ran or raced in costume to celebrate? Send us your pictures!
#itmakesmesmilewhen All beliebers will finally get along
thanks for the follow!
on my way home from NYC
So excited for Wango Tango!!! With
In the Meantime time just travels
so you started in on thr Laphroiag in preschool.
Striking out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
Haven't done CIF, but the SkyTower at SeaWorld is pretty cool and a little cheaper.
Welcome Annual Conference Committee chair to twitter for
Playing our zumba songs in El Torito
As a girlfriend of mine recently said; "It doesn't matter if the word isn't bad in Europe, what matters is it is in US!"
just passed the welcome to illinois sign!!
did I ever!
lol a car lady or a cat lady?
All the time! Regardless of cause, they're drunk bumps - “: Finding a bruise or cut on your body and not knowing how you got it”
ooh.., brekkie? RT : Bigmista's back and cooking up REAL. GOOD. MEAT at the Atwater Village #FarmersMarket today.
What fist fight? After the show got out I grabbed the free vitaminwater and left.
vmware is pretty slow on it 'cause i didn't want to devote the disk space etc, so it may actually be faster to use work machines
You're so welcome!! We should catch up more tmr!
FILL IN THE BLANK: This Thanksgiving, I’m most thankful for __________
Kohl's Black Friday sneak peek now on store website - 4 am to 1 pm for early bird specials including 50% off entire stock of toys.
I'm absolutely loving the Patrick Melrose novels put out by Makes you laugh--and want to read--out loud.
Wow really !!! Its late here dark
Another giant thank you to for the purple fringe TA scarf as a wedding gift. Gisele would most definitely approve :)
Ugh I know, so much to do, and I have 1 year of it left. :/ Congratulations on the interviews, though! :)
im serious! I'm like damn I miss looking at her ass
Finally finished up a knitted blanket for the baby girl that joined our family last week. Started it the day after our wedding.
Putting this desk in my room is making me feel like the most professional bum.
who's your favorite NBA team and player?
try vocabsushi.com! We pull sentences from news articles and show you sentence completions. - use 'ilovevocab' for $10off
Text "Xtamina" to 69302 to join our VIP List for free Parties & Concerts tickets, plus get a free sample of Xtamina Energy Drink by joining!
Haha! You know tailgating is regional thing. Cuisine varies by culture.
I love learning new info about my craft....this market really is a business; ur in control. Learn the info & Take off!!!
rebel without a cause
Back in SF! Long long long day...
Hi ! Thanks for being curious. Yes I am a entreprenuer. I'm a model.
Yay, Sophie! Thrilled for you. ACA is a place of great happiness & transformation for me/my work. & Gregory Orr is your mentor!
Hope solo is effinn gorgeous ! She's so hot ! Go team USA
I just got in the office....I'm drinking my coffee and having my morning yogurt....you?
Hi Cyndy - hope you're having a terrific Wednesday!
Adam Levine was in Chi and we wanted him to join us on the trolley for my trunk club bach party... Ha! And yes Nash dress!! Xo
Shut up you sand colored fuck boy.
I Can't Tell You
Quirky PS: bubble-gum scented bubble bath! (I have a very strange palate for scents!)
Gone be a long nite of tears!
What a difference a year makes!
Ugh, i might have to reformat my computer again -___-
Well now, as consolation, Sony is offering free ID theft protection to safeguard you against threats like... Sony.
I'm proud of my bros.
Headed to and South Lake Union. Who wants pie cookies?
I hope this beautiful cake is as yummy as it is pretty! Happy 50th Rosie!!!! Best Wishes!
Omni = Seattle developer that successfully jumped from NeXT to OS X. Used to have an office next to Zoka in UVillage.
ha! We use to yell that in school!
youre welcome :D want to know what i got sam for her birthday?
Teasing early releases of programs in Arab Spring panel.
prom & competition is 2mrw :D
There's still a chance! Go Penguins!
Bo: "Jordan Taylor will be sorely missed."
Book I of Anders Breivik's manifesto is surprisingly interesting.
Ugh with all this mediocre bullshit. At the same time, these cats are puttin shit out there so I cant say shit. I'm a perfectionist but damn
Got a dollar and a dream
Red Wings game and Whitey Morgan at the Magic Bag. The makings of a great night!
not as much as track - but I still miss it.
Getting ready for the / office visit this afternoon. Hoping to catch a glimpse of Tina Brown
REALLY?! RT : Clint Dempsey scores for the USA! #USMNT 1, ITA 0. He's only the fourth U.S. player to score against Italy.
Not Fond Of Establishing Relationships With People Only To End Up Cutting Them Off In The Future
Thanks! RT Like your blog!!!!
I HAVE A COUGH NOW
Hi Liam pls follow me :)
. I found out about them on too! They are one of my new favs! And they rocked it last night.
"Finish each day & be done with it. You have done what you could. Learn from it. tomorrow is a new day. " Ralph Waldo Emerson
I miss coffee.
busy day. Gearing up to kick ass and take names ;-)
I'm so happy the local news is telling me that it's hot outside...I didn't notice the heat when I was outside.
So if we trade Garza AND Zambrano, who gets to pitch? Bryan LaHair?
Don't know how much more I can take......
Where are you moving? Have you seen The Edge Condos? Right on the river and convenient to downtown activities. Let us know!
ravens kept it at one score. Opening drive win for them, I think.
Who has their tickets for #HungerGames?
Shout to @ deebaby86
Alexander McQueen and Whitney Houston both died on Feb 11th :/
College students from all over MI checking out #Detroit. At City Bird, Nest Housewares, Canfield Lofts
Josh Hamilton to become free agent means are in the mix!
awesome show tonight. Couldn't find any of you afterwards
sure you did.
Young Bravo
Your health is SO important! Get in amazing shape and have me personally coach you to reach your goals! Details on my blog:...
we're all good now.
If Barbie is so fucking popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
The Capitol Steps will be performing @ The Kuss Auditorium in Springfield Ohio October 14th. Showtime is 8:00pm. Don't miss it!
Life is short. Live tall.
hi new friends :)
Oh, and someone tell Maggie we'll be a day late, have fun with friends at the hotel, and check her email for details! Namaste.
I would love to go, but this Sunday is our Italian festival at the Ronald Reagan Building.
RT The true mark of leadership is creating a cause that transcends individual differences, loyalties and backgrounds - & hard 2 do
My head is fucking killing me
Hello wrist, I hear you. Stop complaining. At least you don't live in North Carolina.
Playin drums tomorrow with and in Houston!
Well, my #RedSox didn't fare too well yesterday. Will the #Rangers bring it today?
Testing my VST Instrument in Cubase Today...
you're almost 35!! Damn your OLD, but I still <U+E328> you.
happy birthday!! hope you had a wonderful time on your birthday! I love your character on H2R!!
- the "lovestache" looks great!
Being extremely picky and knowing exactly what you want means you'll go to great lengths to find things.
Got Sully to eat some yogurt and dog food. Yes, he is named after Capt Sully, who landed in the Hudson, because he is a survivor.
time to party
I wish that hissing had succeeded booing as the standard vocalization of disapproval
I WANT TO WIN A metroPup goodie basket COURTESY of AND
awww it's never too late to start back up again!
SMH at some of the fuckery I see this early at RDU!!!!
Flying out to Tennessee today. Coming to Tri-Cities - if you want to hang out this week give me a shout.
All day/Everyday
RT : Today is our last for Live From the Red Carpet giveaway!We're giving it away in just a few minutesStay tuned
Was it just sour grapes or was it true when a relative told me that the best social networkers have no lives and pretend to be someone else?
Congrats! I am so proud of you!
His lips are dripping honey, but he'll sting you like a bee. <U+2764>
I speak of the colic
World peace right back in the middle of drama again! So much for
Fresh baked bread. Still warm. Yum! Hope this is a sign for how delicious my day will be.
My pet "peeve" is "random" use of "quotation marks." "Someone" I know writes this way and it "drives" "me" "CRAZY!!!:
yeah! nobody knows it haha
great magazine covers
cheers! Thanks for the love!
Although it took entirely too long, I finally downloaded "(What's The Story) Morning Glory" to my MP3 player.
That refill song gets easily stucj in my head. I like it though
Thanks for following !
back on top of the leader board $5188!!!
Should be a service for having people remind me to do stuff during business hours. I keep forgetting to call places til after they close!
Leaving from hanging out in Pico Riveira.
what's the possibilities of getting our girl Jennifer Newberry on the playlist for JBB 2011 :) you know I gotta ask again lol
I will report back once I listen. I am sick as a dog today. Watching movies on the couch.
watching women fight over men on #jerryspringer. my male ego loves it! my manhood mourns 4 our community esp those women & their children!
hmm, should i stop? (:
You must be IN IT to WIN IT
Tonight $6 Liters, $5 Jager, $4.50 Bacardi drinks!!! Come in and get the holiday started off right at The Anchor Bar
Congratulations Trey Burton on a -14 yd QB sneak on 4th and inches.
very true
busy running the fest. Didn't get a chance to sample until the last hour.
With my best frand brianna :) happy late birthday girl!!!!!!!
Wait How TF Do You Flop An Elbow Straight To The Face? O.o
dear internet, if there's something you don't want people to know about you, stop tweeting/blogging it! that would be
When Courtney cries it makes me feel funny inside ... just like when I cash a winning lottery ticket.
LeBron is MVP of the box score, but zero rings make him a glorified Karl Malone.
im not free so
i hope it wasnt me telling u my story that caused u to have to bite ur toungue. if it is...im so sorry.i didnt mean to hurt u
Tired of the same shit. I need something new im my life
good how r u!
There are more than 2000 youth that are homeless in the District of Columbia.
What's your favorite salon across the country? We're looking for great places to feature in our blog!
is having a great year and so is the team!!! Can you follow our card shop
Spirit of Amendmt 2 “ This is a disgrace to the entire state of Colorado #coleg”
Planning something AMAZING for his birthday !
can i get a RT from your your biggest fan. i supported you since you beat justin credible.
#WWE fan are going to elimination chamber? Do u know how much the tickets are?
Pinterest co-founder is currently speaking at #SxSW! I love and I love ! Great combo!
Sometimes I say hash tag in real life... RT : Sometimes I catch myself typing hash tags in my text messages...
Grabbing a quick brunch between AIPAD lectures. Lucked out & scored a window seat in a very busy coffee shop. Perfect 4 people watching. :)
#knicks on FIRE.
We learned how to dodge and burn in my photography class today. "If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball!"
haha thanks my dude! not much just planning out some shows, how about you?
check out western esoteric traditions- good intro book to western esotericism!
Thank you Jen Kelchner. We gotta share with the world why they should have a relationship with us. The website is a tool!
International community has a record of failing at "Never Again" | Dr. Lori Handrahan
Leave it to jealous whiners to do the same to me RT Leave it to people like & to piss me off
He was one of my earliest followers and has always been so sweet!!
"Solo I be, but I'm on my feet. I got these angels with me."
Python just got really fun - we're orienting objects! Esp. after working with the front end of video instantiations w/
RT "There must be more to life than having everything." -Maurice Sendak
When you hit every red light home <
Fear Factor<3
I wanna get rid of all the unnecessary shit in my closet and start over....<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Thanks for the heads up, Mia. Really dug that piece w/ and via
Hey I'm back it's been a while my friends where on the news they got robbed and it was right after I left from there
Hahaha. I wondered where you went. Lets hang out, fellow hermit. :)
It's a twitter cooking lesson staring &
you looked gorgeous at prom Laura! :D
Who's coming with me tomorrow for 6am yoga?
Started off the day with two spoonfuls of raw cookie dough. YUM!
Heading out soon to the Mirage to register for Digital World Expo! Kickoff party at 6:30, see you there!
Trying to get back all my followers & ppl I follow :(
Fashion Friday - HOT or NOT: Retro cut bathing suits.
I Love It
Damn, they're waiting at the door. They are gonna beat me inside.
apologized if I said anything I don't mean..
Soon as it warms up!
Socialcam is no different from when someone's email get's hacked and they send out links for advertising.
Life without a friend is death without a witness. - Eugene Benge
Get the fuck out my car !!!!
Ikr, I am too. I'm ready to just go home.
“A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.”
when you coming to the A?
Wow, this twitter should increase the capacity of Following, it is too little, not giving back for me to follow anyone else ...Unfortunately
Lionel Richie in the audience...YES!
did yanks fall apart after arod cheated..no they won the world searies at end of that year
Well isn't this the truth RT : Mom forgot to buy Fruit Roll Ups from the store!
Today was the day that fucking was.
Golazo is a top notch company. If you don't know them you should.
I do!
Comeback season!!
Glad you're enjoying them. Just posted another. I'm so smitten with this pretty little bird mama.
#WLN - I have had to show attys the 'Advanced: "your search terms" ' trick for the main WLN search box countless times since rollout.
Anyone know if there's a way to remove 'thumbs up' without doing 'thumbs down' instead?
i didnt get tickets for the concert either:( & yeah, me too.. im gonna get there hours earlier... & i have school that day!
I read the first time but I plan to read the rest soon
wow! Honored for the follow. I think you are the first mayor to follow us. We <U+2764> Southfield!
Have to make them pay for
Lots of alcohol and a sour attitude. ;)
You are the best! Thank you for the beautiful images!!! thinks you rock!
Fun Facts about teeth: George Washington's dentures were made from walrus, hippopotamus, and cows' teeth, as well as elephant tusks.
RT : Vision Airlines will start nonstop service to Myrtle Beach from Rickenbacker 6/1, on Mondays and Fridays. More info:...
I love u! Lmao! Plz marry me. Out kids will be smart and light skinned.
No no. Retweeting the things you just mentioned is what is annoying. The endless songs especially, goodness
offers readers a pumpkin soup recipe with cinnamon croutons in this month's issue - on newsstands now!
Happy Birthday :)
I'm looking for some cool people to join my Clique, and also to just hang out with.
Tonight, we are young, so lets set the world on fire... we're brighter than the sun
Seeking an app developer.
what's up?
"Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge." - Leonardo da Vinci
#jayholladay suffocate if I couldn't say it to your face the song says it all
Dear : Pls hold for complaint re: rude treatment. I estimate your wait time to be...
It's easy to become a part of TheCrazyJumpingFox. Just go by and like the Facebook page and explore to find out what it can do for you!
Junior #Seau dead...possible suicide. Prayers go out to his family. There was intense speculation about suicide with his last car accident.
here... I'll make it explode even more! Lol jk :b
Always! I'm doing well how are you missy?
Looking forward to our website launch July 1st! Register at www.rx2you.com for more details..
My back hurts.
U r absolutely INSANE!!! Had me in tears in #THNIKLIKEAMAN! Great Job...Thumbs Up! Too Damn funny! LMBAO!
What does -null equal?
those look fabulous! And healthier than traditional french fries ;)
My advice to strippers: Dont stop, get it, get it. Get that payment for your Civic.
Anyone had the #Monster that has protein in it? What it taste like?
new album "Television of Saints" out on April3rd, tour in ay.
My day was pretty bad but the heat won so ended aight hopefully better days to come god bless
that just made me fall off the couch laughing
Can't wait for South Philly #PhillyRising kickoff tonight.
lol No. A move that brought both my hands close together. I smacked the knuckle with the remote.
The reply from Mitt Romney was an
That is Ian Somerhalder and he's my Christian Grey
alright, sick of writing definitions/critiques/confessions. time to make sounds & songs....
thanks Lauren!
How ghetto are we talking?
Rex is no Buddy
RT : Are you coming to for dinner tonight to see ?! #SobeWff Grand Tasting...
Good morning! How will you empower your community this week?
Why is it I get the worst reception at the two places I'm at most often?
way to go. Congrats! :-)
State Championship this year.
Happy #FF fabulous one!
Had a really good client meeting today to review wires for an upcoming site redesign. Got a great response from everyone. Onward and upward.
Who were all those people in my dream?
I wish would #FaceTime with me So I could see his adorable face.
Thats okay. Thanks for the support!!
I dont cry often but if my mom says i cant go and see then i am gonna cry:(
i have broken up my homework into sections and timelined my week. i can do this. Ugh.
A new study finds too much of the sweet stuff is bad for your brain. ... wowww but i love me some candy
aww! You miss me when i'm at school!?
Or throwing confetti! (at least that's what the 2nd pic looks like to me)
You too! any big plans?
Get at me on instagram smoke__THAT
I most likely would do that <3
#YouShouldNeverTrust anyone who starts a conversation with, "Can I be honest with you for a moment?"
Thanks, me too. Kind of dizzy working through this all now, and really looking for a chance to slow down and reflect.
- Im Going To Be At Your School Around 5 If You Wanna Chill (: Im About To Text You Back Baee .
#Nuggets!!! I love to see you tearin it up on St. Patty's against the #Celtics!!
So I had this pretty weird dream last night, about Austin and a Mahomie and a bunch of mahomies fought to see him,then he kissed a Mahomie.
Let's go Caps!
500? that's admirable! Yes, ebooks are definitely improving the situation-but harder to keep up w/the files across platforms.
quiet you mean?
“: Knocked interview out of the park. 3rd round next week. Offer, hopefully, the week after.” ---- Get it!
I'm sure we'll get somethin goin again soon! Off to sleep gentlemen! Up in 5 hours!
Clippers teeing off on the pitcher who says "Ni".
I hate when I have to sacrifice punctuation for a tweet.
- i Hate Birds Now .
Ace will open in jan located on upshur and kansas RT : Guess what the up and coming area of Petworth could use...
2012 fun fact: This is the 20th anniversary of the release of Reservoir Dogs & the 10th of Snow Dogs. Old Dogs came out 3 years too early.
Here's a brief video update regarding our goodwill mission in Guatemala to work with
watching George Lopez - Amanda
---- "I SWEAR YOU WONT FORGET ME, YOU'LL BE HAPPY THAT YOU LET ME....SHUT IT DOWN DOWN DOWN !"
Clearly. “: Rondo tripped on someone's foot there...”
Hoping I get a job,
haha ill take one in every flavor actually:) haha
Wow, calm the fuck down.
: lol I read it when it came out. It's more the awe of her having a voice (as she doesn't spill the beans 2the media like some)
You insecure cause you doing something wrong Step Yo game up
#YouKnowYoureFromBostonWhen You've suffered liver failure attributed to parades. Winning can take a serious toll on the body.
HER: What do u do for fun? ME: www.facebook.com/shotkingphotography
Seen perform in Long Beach a couple of years back, it was a great show.
Sucking down another pot of hot, sugary tea, trying to wake up. Hope I can finally be human again before I'm due at work today! Damn!
didn't say exactly what??????
Ughh I love and hate my life right now
Black 5's
I love the internet. So helpful. I've really needed a lot for my banking course lately as well. Do u watch American Idol?
Some people go to church on Sunday morning - I watch CBS Sunday Morning.
having 'and so the lion fell in love with the lamb' as my next tattoo!
Hoyas lead 36-27 at the half. Porter finishes strong--he's got 10 points and 5 boards. GU played without Sims for the last 11 minutes
Damn...Really! Lmao
You don't have that already?
Ash by for my #fridayreads. Yours?
Exactly my thought. But she's never really been my favorite tbh. I'm not sure how it helped the ratings, lol.
come jam it @ nine72 bring this tweet and u good
I've seen love die way too many times when it deserved to be alive #paramore #neverfailstoremindme <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
we did, ended up too heavy for the wings though. Drops like a rock :)
I need followers I follow bak
love you baby girl :D <33
The Doods are getting a rework on the blog...
Beliefs become reality!
damn red sox..
thanks for letting me know!
Dude is having a Late Life crisis…Going Crazy!!!
its been so long since ive had one lol
or a Fiat
#randomfacts I Love .
Tina is such a good person..!!!
Got in line for the Beverly & Fairfax gas at 4:50... Updates to come
Teach the kids, and the world becomes a calmer place. See our kids' fitness device with price tag too good 2B true right now.
dawg my mentions still come though ill eventually see it, but shit man out here travelin hbu ?
Good bird with the Cassin's Kingbird! Nice!
As underwriting in health insurance goes away, carrier consolidation will accelerate dramatically.
Graduate in 20 days!!!
No problem at all.
Exactly! and now their beloved Staal and Beloved Malkin could be gone
that's the hook right there! happy to give you some
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious. ~Oscar Wilde
hmm.. Maybe go out for a meal somewhere, or just hang out at home :)
real cool, guys. Real cool. I lost the game.
Slowly falling in complete love with jQuery. Seriously? Context and attribute selection is like a Officer and a Gentleman kind of moment..
I hate the fact that we have to wait to see if we stay together or not<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and now Small Business Saturday and Black Saturday from some of the big box stores...where does it end?!
You were hot and had a lot of money but you were kind of an asshole
RT : Oh drifter come closer
People who write the same thing on twitter and Facebook everytime<<<
yeah :) Im sure you will meet him sometime. he will be going to alot of places in 2011 and 2012! :)
Today I met a woman with the most intense makeup & demeanor ever who claims to own 10,000+ elephant collectibles. Google confirms her claim.
oh yea! must go to your hometown ASAP.
who the fuck needs friends when they're only there 4 u when it's convenient 4 them?
off teitter I go cause I cant seem to get my work done, now that im done voting for my contestant on AI
this time last year was prom all I remember thinking was that I dont get share any of those mother/daughter moments with my mom </3
pitchin bottles right now live in tha mix.
Hope you all had a fabulous mothers day. I love you all.
He once gave a friend directions to the Apple store in Palo Alto.
Im so bored txt me lol
Evrything hurts. Just finished a 40 mile ride. Gonna sleep like a baby tonite.
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1864, CSA forces under Joseph Finegan defeated Truman Seymour's US troops at the Battle of Olustee.
I'd prefer an Ali victory though :)
i'd actually rather have low-fat frozen yogurt right now... RT : getting #bacon?
fuck I look like ? Lol & is so gullible lmao
Break it. Smash it. Rip it. Do what you want with my heart but I will always find some cheap glue to put it back together for awhile.
Second Day of Summer Institute presented by University of Nebraska at Lincoln formerly big 12- NOW BIG 10
so true!
Every elite player to be drafted in the last 20 years have been called selfish. We called them game changers.
Dear santa u a bitch nigga... no no u a bitch ass nigga lml
lol it's horrible!! I wish I knew it, yes, but regardless it makes me want to cry.
What a strange debate format.
Outrageous actions with obscene objectives
if i was Samardzija i woulda threw at AJ cause of how much i hate him
Came to dance, came to play, (living that disco life) :D
Trying to figure out how to delete photos from my iPhone so I can make more space. Anyone know how?
We also welcome a new visitor to wussup damie!!!
#itscrazyhow fast this year is going by...
Just ate a thing of brocolli n it was yucky
In new Jersey we made it safely :)
hahahahaha! Don't worry we got andrew too!
My boyfriend wear the same stuff
Oh no! RT : #officer 3 gongs coming from the lookout and a report on the telephone – Iceberg Right Ahead. Hard-a-starboard!!
Check out coffeenate's blog really cool for us coffee lovers!
Now that is a gorgeous bike!
The ToyMaker outing with the Czech meet-up group went great at the Bohemian Beer Garden in Astoria! Great new friends and a fun time!
Glad we had that talk, it was just a big misunderstanding
- Yes, u can now get the new Cosmos jersey on line at www.u90soccer.com!
Everybody, stop what you are doing: the font on one of the words in the presentation is wrong.
Omg 2 kids fell through ice in gvr and cbs4 glosses over it but does in depth story about a dog that fell through ice. But no mention ...
New rule for getting elected president..if you can't sing Al Green, forget it..tee hee..:)
How often will you go back to check in on a show, post-opening?
It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do.
Woah not cool! My lil brother being dumb on my twitter wtf!!!
thanks for getting back to me. Greatly appreciate it.
damn i know they made. but they get to decide what day they want to celebrate it tho. the 28th or the 1
Follow Wickless Evolution on Facbook, leave a comment and get entered into a drawing to win FREE Scentsy goodies!
very good!
Has another blast at johnny's Irish pub tonight. Can't wait to have the cd available for you
Shout out to fellow sponsors of : !! WAR HD!!
we should trend #JustinNoticeAustin or #LAReidSignAustin someday :)
Mike Fernandez: Your reputation: once you lose it, you can't get it back.
Do we really need to ask our iPhone "is that rain"? An intelligence that needs to ask that question isn't capable of using a phone.
I want to see myself from other peoples perspective..
are you playing that Logo game too?!
-- Thanks for RT!
RE: Rush: Romney is weak. He has no backbone.
Are you at a City Council meeting?
"Let the miraculous life you were born to lead unfold in all of its magnificence." ~Henry Thoreau
is one of the cutest boy!<3 your super handsome & your smile is out of this world!:D
While your sleeping in, I'm up gettin' this money $$$
Total #newbie question, but is there anything else you're supposed to get with the Interactive badge at #SXSW?
I bet!! Where do you work now?
Louisville needs some practice on dunking.
the real question is what are YOU going to be
Chicago dog at Sonic.
Saved by the Bell on Netflix all day <3
idk. But it's
believe me, I didn't forget! I'm stoked for it. Why is that bummer? It doesn't really make a difference at all haha.
You'd be so much prettier with less foundation and eyebrows that don't look like stickers. =\
miss ya blackieee.
hey hun how are u
The Holy Ghost. She down on her knees speaking in tongues.
... or refer the rabid ones directly to her.
lol high school fights are gay Shannon!
Listen to Kat Jackson at 7:40pm to win movie tickets for "The Lorax" at Cinemark movie theater!
Every woman deserves a man that can make her heart forget that it was ever broken.
Good to know. I fell in love with a gorgeous rose breasted cockatoo, but way too $$$!!! How well does she communicate?
Hey : dig the new design, but can you please put lists back on the front page? Otherwise I'll just have to bookmark it.
What would i do without You Twitter..*hugs Screen and daps* You don't judge..
Not gonna lie I like it when they say my name on the radio. Haha.
AUDITION: Lead role in LITTLE MATCHSTICK BOY (feature film)
Cheating on a girl is deeper than people realize. It destroys her outlook on love, her future relationships, & her peace within herself.
Mission for today, complete!
No joke. Seems to me that most of the celebs house hunting on that show couldn't possibly have enough $ left 2 buy!
I plan to do both! RT : What's ur next move? We need folks like u fighting for the city & putting families 1st.
there it goes..taking 4ever
not long :(
Man, Is it Friday yet?
the movie "Home Alone" makes me cry
HAROLD!!! Please notice me? I really adore you so much!
Was it just me, #Milwaukee, or did #TheArcticMonkeys seem underwhelmed to be here? Cheers to #TheBlackKeys for wiping that from my brain!
he is, lol. I'll never forget that Jarnell Stokes had to learn how to stretch.
mall later with the group:)
Some of #Memphis' most fab will be swingin w/ us on the patio! - lookin forward to seeing you guys!
It's actually a key repository for gut flora that are important for digestion and immune response.
pippen was the most overrated player in Nba history. Dude was trash without MJ.
I think french fries in general are better than human beings.
the crease between your arm...!
he'll b back
"Habit is the explanation of why we seem to forget things so quickly." Remarque, "All Quiet on the Western Front"
I'm gonna miss you Pudge!!
There was so much wrong with that McDonald's commercial
Every guy in here gives me the look. You know, that look that he would rather rip off his fingernails with plyers than shop 4 a derby dress
#RIPMCA the beastie boys have and always will be one of my favorite groups!
Want to mingle with Dems who care about gender issues? Join the Women's Caucus on Nov 12 Contact for more info.
I know I can't wait I'm totally done with basketball :)
i'm on board with that decision!
So Ive been running twice a day, once in the morning and once in the evening and now my legs feel like Rick James on the Dave Chappell show
good morning
Thanks for doing a great job!
You know, you could hire yourself out for this and make some cash off your issues.
You cant be happy if your always trying to please others. You have to make yourself happy. Its not selfish to put yourself first .
Hahaha i think im losing my mind, I was talking to my dog for 15 mins hahahaha :p
I just realized I can shake one butt cheek a time.
damn I think im going to get sick I can feel a sore throat coming |:
Why the long night, V?
Nice work on jumper negotiator piece. Don't see that every day.
Verizon but staying with them when I get the Iphone.
Lame niggas be quiet
She ain't selfish about me tho.
Let the verse slide over, let the chorus in.
Thanks.... that really means a lot to me... You are truly a ray of sunshine.. :)
The secret to achieve correct execution of legato is for the pianist (CONT.)
I know it's strang but I love Big An from deh mob wives..
Happy Mother's Day!(:
If you haven't yet , follow lokii jay from gifted miinds
Workouts gotta start back up nxt waaah. But tonight...I indulge in tater tots :)
oohh gotcha. where was he?
But agrees that they do look similar, so all is well.
was just corrected, French battle was 1862...
Well guess what Bitches , guess who did it , Briana Desean Little .
This just cracks me up!
"Libraries need to become more like kitchens than grocery stores." How can we encourage discovery & creation in our library?
unfortunate furniture. The beauty of good surroundings is that it don't take much.
Love that six pence none the richer is still in my life :)
Also, don't forget to watch A.N.T. Farm "Some enchANTed evening" tonight at 8:30/7:30c on Disney Channel, with gueststar
's part in #BothofUsRemix is already stuck in my head! Good job guys! :D
Q6 - Who or what inspired you the most while recording #Radioactive?
Oh yes, I agree! RT Confession: I think bacon is just okay, and I find the flavor a little overwhelming sometimes.
That's an *amazing* word count for today! Good job. Way to rock it lady!
Sorry for not tweeting my twitter friends been really busy lately! Thanks for the positive tweets regarding about my book :)
Advertisement appears now!
dylan and jack white record here...great studios
Just found on twitter and itunes! Voice of Yakko Warner and tons of others, but most importantly, RUDE DOG!!!
REMEDIES FOR YEAST INFECTION
RT : Excellent! RT : A5: Remember you are networking with PEOPLE , not companies. Research who to talk to
#supportlocalmusic Live at 5p. not now. still good music. Catch me on Brain Office and Gashouse Live on
I like that one too. that would be my vote but everyone has been asking for the other:)
This Twitter newbie, who should be #writing instead of checking here, thanks you.
Wild sports day..I'm taking Floyd Mayweather, Clippers, Bodemeister, Pacers, Caps, Jazz, Mavericks, O's
Hey! One guess at a time! LOL RT : ONE DIRECTION.? Justin bieber? Carli rae jepsen?
"Fancy Dancer" Commodores ... # NP
Oh my...Aztecs win...5-1...can you say top 25??? They deserve it...go Aztecs!!!
Wish that I could have been there with you.Love the snow!
Next up, the only thing standing between #FranCamp and happy hour. No pressure, ;)
Tony Allen is Tyson Wright in shape.
Working on linking my Twitter to the page... having some tech issues...
Guitar is fantastic - sounds and plays wonderfully. Love it. Will send a photo as soon as I can get one taken.
Think i'm gonna base this year of my life off scrubs quotes and my tennis coach.
It's looking now like we'll be lucky! Everything's set to arrive on time.
NEW EPISODE OF WHALE WARS TONIGHT AT 9 <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B3>
send us an email to and we'll take a look.
Council atty John Christmas: "They're going to start profiling raccoons now." Council Prez : "They need to."
No!!!! Your not insane!!!! IT'S A SILLY BAND!!!!! JOSH WEARS SILLY BANDS!!!!!!! lol
#FF thx for the follows & mentions!
I will never understand why they pinch run a catcher for a catcher.
Dressing up on the first day of school at college... Really?
i hear ya.
excited for the future
The SD Home Garden team is headed to for Fixtures Friday Lunch !! Can't wait to see what Chef Bridget is cooking up :)
Felt like juicy j
Finally, SOMEbody said it.
They say, best men are moulded out of faults, <br>And, for the most, become much more the better <br>For being a little bad.
Playing at the Blue Nile tonight! 10:30pm! Guaranteed to be a party!
She might have made one though.
Be a part of this HISTORIC Run-off! Be a part of the CHANGE that is coming to ALL of District 2! Together we CAN make this happen! Please...
salivating at the #avengers end tease. shame some parties in the comic arc can't be involved.
I love when I think I completely bomb a test but end up passing... Awwwwh yeah :)
is lakyn on tonight??
First game at the Palestra. Not quite the hotbed of basketball excitement it was made out to be.
Wish I could get rid of this headache would go away had it for 3 days
": Guys, go tell Rian not to leave :(" You heard the lady!
Heyya. All is going well here! Hope things are going good on your end as well.
I thought it was teen spirit. RT : smells like cat pee. awesome.
"There are not iconic digital ads," to
The Olsen twins are pretty fucking attractive.
Hey everyone go check out my YouTube channel the link is on my page
it's just more obvious now
I'd love a copy if you're willing to share! I have some I could add to your 4th/5th grade list.
Help Boyfriend Make History :)
Happy Easter people!
it was great working with you. Thank you for the book! For some reason I am getting dirty looks from my pregnant wife...
In her ear or nose??
I've worn more beer than I ever drank at concerts, so I'm with u on the slushie.
hey jake, what's your blog url? If you already have songs on there the site player might be a great option for you.
yeah JONAS WORLD TOUR WOO! that tour did wonders for them, we're really glad so many people were exposed to them then!
Been a good night. :)
This one made me 'lol' Love corny jokes RT : In honor of the Easter Bunny, the only music I'll listen to today is hip hop.
Thanks or the #FF and Happy Friday! :)
Dear XCode, it would be awesome if you wouldn't consistently crash while I was trying figure out why my App is crashing.
True courage is pursuing your dream even when everyone else says its impossible.
I'm exhausted, grateful, satisfied, stimulated and now happily in a food coma. Thank you #BabesAtSea!
You sure buy a lot of food in buckets or helmets at Target Field
I know exactly how you feel
I have been, but nothing to the point where I feel comfortable sharing yet. ;) cc:
The only time u should ever look back is to see how far you've come.
Time to race girls on the eliptical machine... Then Settlers of Catan-age
I WANT TO HEAR CHER LLOYD ON THE RADIO
Springsteen & Rod Stewart both sound to me like they are forcing themselves to get enough air to sing.
how do u get the kitty gang sweater???
Keep the runs up on these beautiful days!
cool. Thanks. We just may go :D
Feeling good. Got my license and only 10 days till my girl gets here <3
Day 2 keynotes have been excellent choices by the Queen and her TEAM. Good take aways. Thanks
Sorry for the delayed response.
Thanksfor the love and the diner breakfast, Burlington - off to Northampton now
Please show some love and follow my girl and business partner she knows the inside track of the world entertainment.
done and done...I have a lot of hate in my heart.
Practice together and you will get better. This goes for everything.. including sex.
Only If You Go To Sleep : )
Twweeeeeps! We're going to be on tomorrow morning (Thurs). Tune in for some DD love!
mos is sold out my dear... Did you get ur ticket?
rainy Saturday
Oh my god, King's Island maybe this weekend with 1st time ever going to an amusement park.
Bout to get something done to my head.
trust me, you are not alone, I'm just afraid to pull the rip cord, for now
“The day that you discover that you are in charge of your life is the day you turn your life around.” ~ Patricia Fripp
Truth. Represent. “: a.k.a Flip will be best playmaker in college hoops next season”
“: I cant win tonight fuck it! I quit!” sure can't! I win hahahaha
NCORE 2012 will take place in NYC May 29 to June 2 at Marriott Marquis in Times Square! Registration starts later this summer
Question I'm struggling with: What is the difference between "training" and "education"?
Lol try it.
Gonna talk in spanish for a little bit
Woke up to class being cancelled. Ah the
up like a mf i need a bad yellow thang layin here
Finding out a feature you've desperately wanted in a studio app has been there for two years.
When your "guy friend" calls you a knock out girl >
can't believe you would consider getting a snowcone without me... gonna need some cafe adobe when I hit the H!!!
omg if i took a pic with them i wouldnt hug them cause i would like passout no joke i would prob. Start crying
Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing
Homeschoolers, Lana will be in from 10-4 on Friday. She will be available for consultations and to review trade-ins.
I have a book called SLIDE:OLOGY by Nancy Duarte.
he got hacked and can't get into his YouTube!!! Blah! That's bad. :/ haha
Looks like it was true exhibition game. Big Syl and Cash not in at the end.
Champion Announces New Racing Products for High Horsepower Racing Engines
Happy Cinco de Mayo and Kentucky Derby Day! This presents a very serious issue: tequila or bourbon?
strongest people i know, & i know you're going to make it out of here okay. please try not to hurt yourself drastically anymore
Cream of Mushroom with Brandy and Goat Cheese?! Yeah, we've got that...come and get it!
Yes, well I fear I must depart with haste! I have alot of homework to do! And since its either 9:31-10:31 in Michigan
what sports could you beat in one-on-one?
Where's my boyfriend
a solo emission?
did you make that whole big stack of bracelets?:O
The Best Part About Losing Your Mind Is The Peace, Serenity, And The Freedom :)
lol i wuss wearinq a short ass shirt it wuss two cold n i felt like my ass wuss hanqinq out two much.! so i chanqed lol
Still haven't found a good drummer in Seattle. All of them are either taken or are metal-heads.
I'm not missing today. Can't wait.
Get a nice tan and make new memories. That's all I really wanna do. This summer will be a summer to remember.
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree. -Jim Rohn
my family is seeing it in Northgate unfortunately. But itll do.
Support the artist, entertainers, industry ppl of our generation! We thrive on love for what we do..!!
Most of these "go go dancers" look like deceased prostitutes! ha!
If you liked the eagle cam, this one looks interesting. A live African Safari Cam. www.africansafaricam.com
purchase directly online or call to reserve your space: 212.594.9616
#DearTwitter when ur best players are Playin 2of6 innings in a baseball game odds are they won't like it
#Nowfollowing now i want SEXY ASS to follow me :o)
2 c my fam. happy is worth so much more than money
cafeteria duty
Yea, I don't know. I was at the gym. Old school memories.
Must shift gears, the thing that was supposed to take all afternoon took two minutes.
You're confusing book and author.
Texas Rangers slugger Josh Hamilton has hit four home runs against the Orioles, the first time a player has hit four in one game since 2003.
I cried when he told me what he tried to do.
congrats, send me info so I can post to list.
": Reckless! Dylan Bundy will go 4 innings tmrw and next start he'll go 5."" Do you think Bundy is being mishandled?
Oh baby give me one more chance... (I want you back)
Ugh now I'm getting sick :(
You two are so cute together!
Watching just my luck.
Don't be mad when someone else starts to appreciate the person u took for granted. What u won't do, someone else will.
whatever bro.
1990s Russian saying: Easier to turn an aquarium into fish soup than fish soup into an aquarium.
hey hows tour shoulder buddy ive been worried
Just listened to my first full Mitt Romney speech. That was a lot of words to not actually say anything.
Pleasure sharing the Technologies of Identity panel with you! Keep in touch :-) looking forward to following your work
Save $5 on Indy Jazz Fest Tickets at Central Indiana Marsh Supermarkets. Indy Jazz Fest could sell out this year.
Remember to look for our #pollen counts. We have the only REAL (not estimated) pollen count in the Richmond metro area
#2PeolpeThatBelongTogether Me and
love this....so true.
before april 6 lol the teacher assigned us to do a persuasive speech now oh & btw he loved my amber alert presentation thanx
Just kidding. It was probably me, anyway...
Haha that old man on adult swim.
Fuck! I hate it when i put a burrito in the damn microwave and it blows the fuck up from the sides.. but the middle is cold a'f D; !
Great night! My #Gamecocks beat Alabama by scoring 3 in bottom of the 9th and my , #1 in the state, beat James Island 4-1!
So I'm bored lol who wants to entertain me? :-p
contact case is the best travel case for mustache wax-- I can take two stiffnesses in the same case!
been up since FOUR trying to get to NYC !
Good morning everyone! :) well I'm gonna hit the gym and then gotta work on a school project.
My mom finally gave in <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
then no one would know what they look like, how weird would they be o:
Nice night for an 80+ block walk. Happy Hannukah to all my soul sisters and brothers.
Are you on Instagram? If so, follow me here: BadNewsBears
haha I just saw this...too sweet! I always forget to check twitter :)
"You can avoid reality, but you cannot avoid the consequences of avoiding reality." - Ayn Rand (1905-1982)
Thanks for the follow!
Good Morning!! Doc appointment today...gonna see what the little princess is up to. We're on an every two weeks schedule now.
haha I didnt have signal earlier to ask!
OOF that's a little rich for a scrabble set for my blood.
what are the plans today
Will be following Lobos basketball all season long. At home, on the road, struggles, success, tough nights, big wins. It all matters.
Can't wait to see the Harlem Globetrotters in my homeland of Israel! Thank you for coming to entertain us!
girl you fine from head to toe
Just got home from Australia, wow what a beautiful place... What a case of jet lag.
I wish my mistake was as innocuous as that... I kinda confronted someone without having the whole story. UGH!
you're so awesome
:( feel better
"It is better to live your own destiny imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else's life with perfection." - From the B. Gita
WOW. Really cool -- Memorial Hermann hospital is LIVE tweeting a brain surgery this morning. Follow it at
I do hike, camp and bike ride often... the meth helps
I know! You're so bossy! I feel bad for !
Another week.... Lets hope this one is better
thanks healss and yes she did!
omg I better sell my iPhone & run out & buy a Blackberry!
I never had the courage to ask people for money. But niggas quick to as me.
Tickets on sale now at all TicketMaster locations and ticketmaster.com. Going fast, get 'em today! www.kdf.org
How many bad bitches here? ...zero!
#FollowMeAlexConstancio I've been trying forever.... please Alex !
O rappers what have happen to you guys~ smh
Only the 1500 meters remains following the decathlon javelin at the 2012 SBC Outdoor Championships. Race scheduled for 2:20 p.m. CT.
Repub party seems completely unaware Boehner is a massive tool. Good news for Dems, I hope.
Also, happy birthday to my friend ! The man w/ the "golden voice"! Love u bro
Tickets for our PJ Party on the Trolley with Chris Monroe on sale tonight at 7pm! Check out our website for more info!
Leaving work! Wahoooo!
the cuban hunk is my fav! I also luv watching the English classical singer she is amazing! this season is pretty good!
#amreading "Real Unreal: Best American Fantasy Vol. 3". Good imaginative stuff.
we got dogged hard wit this virus dowo.. what the shiiiittt!!!
ABQ rocked the last night! Congrats 2 guitar winner Venita, front-row FBook and our TextClub and Twitter followers who won tix!
Good evening #dollchat folks! :)
Wow! Awesome news. Can't wait to see what you do with it, Larry. Know it will be great.
FUCK , CUBS LOST IN THE FIRST GAME OF THE SEASON AND I PAID $90 TO GO SEE THEM LOSE , THE STORIE OF THE CUBS
They are them. We are us. Fck them. All.
if u even think about sayin 1 less than nice thing bout , they fans gonna murda u on twitter!
what up tho, shout out to all my new followerson here just BullShiTTen
THANKS!!!!! I really worked hard on it- so that means so much!
RT Big issue for the future: managing dual eligibles -we need #innovation to focus; all this #EHR stuff is cool,but
play that - "Girls Talkin Bout". thx!
Tuesday & Wednesday
Good thing I'm listening to this tonight because I'm going to have to re-encode this oral history all over again tomorrow. :(
#houston Modern Online Greek Language Lesson Tutor Teaches Kids and Adults to Learn to Speak Greek Silver Spring, MD – Kids and adu
Good night Sweet Dreams or Beautiful Nightmares ;)
Can't wait for tomorrow morning - New Moon and great friends. *so excited* and miss u s+j.
I sleep with my Mac right next to me, as if it were my lover.
If I worked at a tanning bed I would mess with the people and turn there tanning beds off and on.
happy birthday you swaggot
there's a great BBQ place there - hope you have a chance to try it. Not like TN but good!
What was the penalty for?
#YouveDoneItToo had a silent poot and blamed it on someone else.
Funny, everybody jumps at report of 1 company that had issues w a Groupon special... and it was their own fault by not limiting quantity!
#imagine Louis climbing into your window at night and then going under the covers to sleep with you.
I can not wait to go home and go back to sleep.
It's Kyrnan's fault that I drank too much vino last night. OK, maybe not. But I'll still blame him.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
A balanced life requires work, rest, worship and play. If you are missing any part of it, you are not likely to be happy. -Joyce Meyer
That has to be one of the weirdest things I've ever read. Kind of Hunter S. Thompson meets Wodehouse meets Bill O'Reilly.
down the street from where i live
Did I get lost or did u find and triyin to get him in bed with u.
MT : Day 2 of #TCEA2012. At 2:30 pm Join our Tweets for Treats Tweet-up at booth 1639. Yummy goodies and prizes.
Praising the Lord, keep so busy
thanks for the RT. that was a fun session! Enjoy
We don't need better social media strategies...we need better management. We don't do management well. #ihrim keynote
lolol I thought so but I wasnt sure! Thank you tho :]
we live on our own set of rules
may Gods blessings flow in you richly! King Jesus!
Valentine smarts "When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain." Mark Twain - Riverboys, follow your heart.
That awkward moment when your balloon pops in a restaurant and everyones eyes are on you..
Blessed to be alive, great things are coming! Thank you God!
Globalnet Telecom- Your one-stop shop for all your business telecoms requirements. ***0844 880 2010***
Stupid dude hit my chin and didn't even apologize <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Purchase our album on iTunes, rhapsody, amazon.com, zune and cdbaby.com/twoyearsaga2 So far our most popular song is "Heroes".
but will you be my Orangina?
I was doubting the pres' love for pope but I think he really does love her so we'll have to see how this plays out.
when your bestfriend has a boyfriend & you can't hang out with her<<<< :/
Taylor gang or put on a pound of makeup for twitcons. see for further details.
Finally learning to play my guitar. With my ghetto plastic cup pick.
If i could have One more day w/ my great aunt.. #oneHappyGirl. <3 You hunny , until we meet agaain :D
your gay
Im that girl that girl that follows on twitter
going night swimming (naked)
hi legs!
She like that pisses me tf off .
Omg the puppy is lost inside my house!
u have to stop posting pics like u r!! I left u a MSG on FB why...
I saw it.
Enter our raffle & you can win a custom 2011 Harley-Davidson 122HP VROD Muscle, or a 130HP custom metallic O School Chopper or $15K in cash.
to Europe for a year. That boys definitely got my heart...and he'll never even know it.
Is it bad that I'm imagining what Will and Cary will do in their "downtime" or time"off"?
RT : One day I'll cash out my loyalty and in turn karma will drop kick you in the face. And I'll laugh and laugh and laugh....
With many #brands RIP in '11 we're happy one of our favs returned. CLEAR speeds you thru airport & we love their friendly image
wat did i do
love it!! Brings back fond memories of when you first called my twitter handle.
Anyone out there looking for dance tracks? I'm looking for talented singers to do colabs! Inbox me
Regulars make the world go round.
first run after the #shamrockshuffle I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I can't believe has left me behind at the gas station once again! My traveling days with her are officially over :-(
That's true. They may have many personal + professional reasons to not be out, but if they're not out they can't be counted.
Yes! Let's hope Obamacare is repealed.
teach you how to Dougie? m you don't want that. I cuts rug!
Wishing the best! : Heading into office soon. Hoping for 2 more positive #pregnancy tests from 2 women struggling w
i would but he talkin bout paying.
10:30 tee time tomorrow. It's going to be a GREAT Friday! FORE!
": sorry I have a life"yea on my Nuts!!!!!
it adds absolutely nothing. I can think of maybe 5 films tops that use it or punk to decent effect.
Tryin to go straight n narrow ain't for me I want that quick fast money
Good girls bed at the knees, but bad girls bend at the waist [;
Great movie weekend! Midnight in Paris (Woody Allen) on Friday night. Very interesting! We Bought a Zoo last night. Wonderful!
Want something to do tomorrow night??? Go to the QBar for 50% food and drink specials and AMAZING MUSIC!!!! 6pm to close!
The hometown date show isn't as fun to tweet. Not much drama, and I kinda feel families are off-limits for too much snark.
UGH I wanted to go see that movie!! And you know Imma be working hard lol
Last second gift shopping a success!!
#Saramago, Cain. Cain/Saramago wanders through the harsh Old Testament, disputing God: "They continued to argue and are arguing still." RIP.
Great deals in our yellow coupon book, 'sclosethawaii, 15% off entire purchase of $50 or more, , two for1 smoothies.
": #WhatMeansTheWorldTo #Capricorn Fairness. We want to get back what we give out, otherwise we're disappointed."
RT : "It's easy to overthink things, sometimes it's best to just build, ship it & see how it works out" -
Even when I lose, I still win!
Just saw it. Fascinating. We need to catch up!
I'm so down
Actually, just looked at the weather for tomorrow...might have to make that
Oh make me come alive come one and turn me on
women are like flies, they're always on shit or sugar
I want some no homo lol
Ellen. I am here at Limmud. Hopefully I will see you or get to one of your sessions.
Not my brightest idea..but then again when do i have any bright ideas... Hahahaha
*** Character Artist *** UK This studio needs experienced character artists. If you are looking for a change, a better environment, more pr…
Wait, really?I think Chrome is way prettier than Safari! I think the tabs are more elegant in Chrome and there's no search box
you're my kryptoniiiiiiiiiite
Thanks for making it possible with your sponsorship! RT : Looking forward to a great boat cruise this Friday with
WWYD if tweeted you?? id die of happiness <3 cept its not gunna happen! :(
If you or someone you know sells telecom services & would like to benefit from 100% profit from those services.. call us on: 0844 880 2010
This just cut me lolol! RT : If you text me && I take forever to text back it's cause im on twitter ??
im so happy. its such a nice day today
you live in hawaii
Ahh love sleeping late!
*tugs at collar* Um, per its self-incrimination clause, I would like to invoke my Fifth Amendment rights…
I'm halfway through Friday Night Lights season 1. Should I watch the movie before I get any further?
heck ya...
why do people feel the need to read all the tweets about shows and stuff? ;)
Shoutout to Austin's build a bear >>> (:
Still have faith in #NYR for this game
well..if you can handle it. (p.s. If you get on, punch a bitch for me : )
it'll be great if the house doesn't act coz Obama is just doing fine without it.
and if Syracuse wins?
If you want something, go get it. Don't let anyone convince you that it's impossible. Make the impossible possible
Our neighbors rock, they went fishing for salmon in Newport, and we're having salmon caught this morning for diner tonight,
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you give warm hugs !
WHY is ELF on #Syfy right now? Santa Clause is NOT fiction! Nor is this even close to a SCI-FI movie! This dumb channel just doesn't get it!
Thanks so much for coming in tonight, Ms. Jones!
Congrats to the 11 years being married! Its great to see yall still crazy in love. Love yall and blessing to the both of u
The Big Lebowski Juniors T-Shirt – The Dude Is My Boyfriend White
As bad as it sounds I love Mondays lol
Presidential Candidates Promise Simpler Tax Code. Do You Believe Them? Keep up with the laws as soon as they are passed or phased in....
I do say last night was pretty harsh basketball games
I think when someone changes their relationship status more than 5 times in one year it should default to "unstable"
Turn to National Geographic channel now! Deep analysis what to do if aliens or robots attack. This is HEAVY
One of the more positive articles I have read of yours lately.
Programmers tools FTW! I'd have chosen a different editor, but at least I've not had to deal with Notepad on my platform.
If you are ever in need of American Indian stock photos or video then let me do the research. It's free.
I understand. Twitter bro hug?
You would never believe how hard it is to find photos of presidents in jeans. See also: what has my job come to...
you aint about that life
Had so much fun today!
Who you are is not where you've been, your still an innocent.
yeah, a lot of Bostonians are turning on him. It's just a matter of time.
Brighten your day. Come check-in on Facebook at Fife Flowers and Gifts for your free rose!
IT'Z TYME 2 SLAB ON ANOTHER TRACK I'LL GET BACK AT YA WORLD WHEN I'M THREW BALL'N TILL NEXT TYME ALL DA HATRZ CAN SUC A DOGZ DIC N DIE......
Im weird
Please send Direct Message If interested,Looking for Players in Denver area for Fantasy Basketball.Fee is $50 with prizes up to $500.
RT if you love playing guitar!
you should be proud, most girls would kill for a boyfriend like you.
UTAH's female prison group photo...
I blew kissy faces at you lmao
LMFAO at "BREAST wishes!" Love you!
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you. ~ Maori Proverb
Someday somebodys gonna wana make you turn around and say goodbye. Until then baby, are you gonna let them hold you down & make u <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>?
Did you get the new IPad 3 this weekend??
ill be your bird if you will be my bold fella.
Sometimes we look for love in all the wrong places. When we can't find it here, we look there as if it would be, but we know it's not there.
charlie has some trouble with math.
Looking 4 human capital consultants 2 join team Fed competency mgmt exp is +. Lots of great projects! DM me
Daniel Tosh is a funny mo' fo'
Maybe by the 20th season of "Teen Mom"...these ladies will have their sh*t together.
I know I saw that on Facebook. Has she come down yet?
I fuckin hate school.
Is anyone using ? Look me up!
Hi , thanks for catching my typo! Have a great day!
someday.. i promise! it'll happen :)
who will she bitch at and humiliate now that he's gone? are the kids next?!
Happy Earth Day!
I'm at giovannis this place has somegood pizza:)
good to see you as well love!
Thank you for the reminder.
God does not call us to be successful, He calls us to be obedient...
Love doesn't make the world go round, love is what makes the ride worthwhile. ~Elizabeth Browning
alright can i do it tomorrow cause i need to rest
Okay, here is my huge sign to success.... !!!!!
aight cool sounds like a better pick then yesterdays
who's the chick in your avi?? She's hot :)
Didn't see any hail but definitely a downpour! It has since abated.
Practice was okay. New picture comments? Texts are welcome.
It's freezing in FL i can't really enjoy anything! I like coco's dress
First day of work was great...no its time to study
Ugh, I should've been in bed HOURS ago. I really need to take better care of myself. Especially with a growing little girl, haha.
#RETWEET NO MORE FINALS COME OUT AND PARTY AT ULTRABAR HIT MY PHONE TO RSVP 202-200-7627
#ReasonsWeCantBeTogether You're Not My Jenna ;)
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 77
WHERE'S THE TREE?!
Everybody's worried about stopping terrorism. Well, there's a really easy way; stop participating in it.-Noam Chomsky
Tomorrow, maybe?
You'll recognize one when you see it.... #MIKELPATRIK originals!
We got sushi from Banzai and it was pretty damn good. I thank you for inspiring my dinner choice.
I'm so freaking irritated man. OMG......
Ha, I didn't even realize that. Must be the magic of the interwebs. :)
it's great having you here!!
need some idears for a job
OH: "I said you were the Morgan Freeman of New Media" regarding speaking voices
in tha booth shout to all in my area makin moves cville a problem
hey have a wonderful Saturday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>be safe <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
where are you??
4 more days until the Schubas stage rocks out with , , and The Bright White. It will be a night to remember.
Any tracks you recommend playing around Glendale?
i dont wanna play your gay little army games Josh..
What you weigh
Video Review - Prototype 2: Tom Mc Shea savagely slaughters his way through this video review for Prototype 2. ...
The Social Media Breakfast Madison team:
Finding from study: homepage should tell me who you are, not give me a bunch of news & info
you know what I mean! Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00A7>
Possibility just did the creepiest thing I've ever done...
y'all some wild ones. Lol.
GoodMorning Afternoon Whatever LOL!! ND it's Coo How Ya Day goin so Far?
Sidewalk advertising?
hm....snow on saturday!! And it's still October ??
Wanna Hear A Joke ? , Your Boyfriend . !
Litchfield Public Utilities to offer lighting rebates - Litchfield Independent Review Litchfield Public Utilities to offer lighting rebat
NEMO'S DAD: "Don't touch the boat!" NEMO: "YOLO."
Had dinner plans at town square but that's ruined. Thanks Obama. Firefly it is.
So I finally caved and am on the twitter...am I interesting enough to keep this up?
FOREX-Euro rallies vs US dollar on data, risk appetite
nice!! Have fun!!
can you please have a great and mee right here in Orlando or miame Florida. I'm not aloud to fligh out of are state right now
That should've been rain in Spain
Today in coconut water news: is a convert -- she's nuts for the drink. Are you next, ?
merry christmas x-mas ?
If you got a problem, take it up with my ass its the only thing that gives a shit
's video for #BAR will premiere Friday on 's Big New Music Weekend! Lots of cameos from Get excited!
You've got to be thin, hot, fertile and breastfeeding for years.
These Refs high
Girl you gonna get tweeting again?
What potential ideas have you come up with so far?
it will(:
that sounds phenomenal <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>lets all meet up later !
Be yourself! We dont need more of what we have!
Flying SW from BWI to STL tomorrow and starting to ask, "WHAT KIND OF PLANE?"
no problem if I didn't offer what kind of friend would I be
"Is that your real hair?" really tho -_- Its like black ppl can't have naturally long hair
I sent over some thoughts via email and we are willing to provide some support.
hey it could be worse, atleast you no longer have an owner who drafts solely on 40 times lol
I suck at basketball
your fat
Google SavageShaine and support your artist
": Is it lame that I'm STILL smiling from that 93% on my math midterm? Even if it is idc I worked & studied HARD I deserve this A
I grab you a Large Ray Rice Jersey lol
where at?
Well, after I solve the problem they're explaining. If I don't get the answer right I go back to paying attention.
well I like cheeseburgers (;
no prob bro, thanks for the support.
Thanks for the RT and spreading the news on Early Childhood!
Single's Safari is always fun! You should come all you can eat & drink for $35 plus it's good people watching ;)
dino-be careful how you talk to "The Plastic".
Thx for sharing the news!
I suspect I'm going to have to learn SAS. Hmm...
ife is half spent prior to we know what it is.
haha! I need to learn German b/c is 1/16th Belgian...haha!
Hey Now!!!! Seeking a solid coder with PS3 dev experience who wants to work at a A studio in Boston. Hit me up if you're interested - JEl…
you did... and i noticed it a few minutes ago
: makes the connection we're all thinking of: the L Word's chart as academic network of queer thank-yous
Girls put up with a lot of shit from us guys.
I really fucking hate you :-)
Open: A Separation, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, Live Nude Girls Unite-March 7,6:30, tix $10, Cont:Pina,Pariah,The Descendents,The Artist
It's decided...I'm going to cover "Mistletoe" by Justin Bieber next! Can't wait to show you guys my version of it<3
yes sd....still lol
Plow came through 4 times in a row. Neighbor was blowing and had to redo each time.
YEEE no school for me!
Happy Hump Day ! (;
is it too early for a drink?
Nice dunk guy from Siena!!!
LOL! Everybody thinks we're twins!
Lord God, please help the alarm not to go off again
It's hilarious when a guy is obviously using a girl, but the girl is too stupid to realize that and thinks the guy actually likes her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
welcome! If I end up goin to breadco,what do you want?ill prob change my mind 10x before I get food..
Tanning feels so good!
Only those who have the passion for playing can truly succeed as game testers
I See my #Grizzlies let's go hustle
lol dont be jealous just cuz your awesome and im amazing. you'll have your time someday shawwwwnnna lmao
A bit delayed but really, really hoping Northwestern breaks their NCAA tourney drought
I miss you too! And she's doing good. She had surgery this morning and it went well. She might get to come home saturday!
Not yet! Hoping she hangs on a while longer as she is still a wee little one. Due date May 29!
lol that was to cute
Thank you, what would be in your opinion, the best translation?
#Thingsthatgetmeupset When my company makes 4billion in profits but theres 5 people at work in forclosure.
the amazing thing about Steve Jobs wasn't just that he was honest, he was also right.
usually a pornstar
in my 28 yrs of GOP activism, I have never been prouder, than to stand for Liberty, with #ronpaul Republicans
Will You Go Out With Me ? Retweet Yes Or Reply No
i love austin mahome
how's the snow? I'm heading there Friday and it's so warm.
Rain and snow??? I could of sworn the weather guy said just scattered showers! They are always 80% wrong.. I should of been prepared. Bo
with your god ma! How you doin? We miss ya!
Gotta admit, that's kind of rad. RT: . covering Fight For Your Right.
Love bloomed like a flower...then the petals fell.
At least I'm not alone. Now how do we fix it? RT : yup. #Netflix is down.
blue and I don't know what other color! But the spacers hurt like crap! I fill like taking them out!!
i dont agree with this.....at all.lol
What do you think of a Top-40 station I would run... called KERR-FM?
L0L!!! I am awesome. Those Hooligans and Ice Holes won't ever know what hit em.
Got a B on my psych final!
Life is not life at all without God in it.
We had lean for lunch :)
A man never likes you so well as when he leaves your company liking himself.
You only live once, so fuck it up right.
slacking on my following back! sorry twitter i still love ya :) busy weekend ahead of me! & may is gunna be crazy! so much to do!
and this is beautiful!
Haha! I didn't even think about that. Fine with me. Great album cover...and great album.
I think it might. But part of me wonders if it isn't sortof true? I'm agnostic about religion, except for libraries.
Q: Are there examples of successful Postsecondary efforts? How do we address the concerns of independent schools and colleges?
Backpacking and real estate business — the Ayala way - Rappler
Check out 's post about the The “Ready, Set, Grow!” program run by
Parade was fun with
100 Dollars? That's all it take? Let's go have some fun
thanks, have a great time in Vegas
If money only thing that motivates you, you already lost.
DONE :D
: no it's okay, i don't wanna disturb/distract you.! :P ahaha & no youre writing that paper. & mee too.! =)
Vibin and working out while in my homeschooled classes. I don't got p.e. so im giving myself a class for it XD
Leadership is action, not position. ~Donald H. McGannon
I wonder if I ever come across your mind every once in a while, like how you do in mine.
“: Finally in Houston home sweet home :)” did you bring me a hot puerto rican from new York?! Lol jk ;D
"Current city 311 system is a road to nowhere," says caller to our Town Hall, regarding vacants. Call 1-888-886-6603, ext.17188# to listen
really hoping I get that call now
David Deming of Harvard up now to talk about outcomes.
“Better to sleep with a sober cannibal than a drunk Christian.” <U+2015> Herman Melville
I'm on a panel talking about urban agriculture for the April 19th Urban Land Insitute lunch. I hope my lovely assistant will be with me!
nothing just bored :/
I got the chance to point someone at a Google eBook as part of my job. I like my job.
lolol drunkassss, where are u always flying though??
thanks hun hope u been gud dont be a stranger
Ugh, I can't sleep. & ofc, my boyfriends sound asleep.
Super Talented & will be - listen & learn from them! #scriptchat (I'll be there 2 - more later)
Who's coming to with us? Oh and did we mention Kin Valley is giving away a Kindle Fire. 10 questions to win it.
Definately, maybe, quite probably, in like:)
ITS NOT WHERE HE AT, ITS WHERE HE WANA BEE.!! HAA
Bitches got starin problems.
Robin hits a smash DOWN THE LINE IN LEFT! Moore scores, Gantner scores, and it's 7-4. Who knows?
Basement rooms>>>>
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice | Wayne Dyer
#spanishTrailsProblems the mazzarati has a smudge on it
Thought is action in rehearsal. –Sigmund Freud
"she was super granola"
dem nah go go bun him a dat dem like ....tight hole....lol
Over half of men spend more than $50 on a date, while 65% of women spend that much prepping for it. Appreciate each other's efforts.
cold be... but depends on why they are under performing.
i grew up with soldiers. i learned how to die a long time ago
They want me to beware . You're dangerous but I don't care .
So the trojan horse might be the increasing standardization of postdocs?
Crusher Sound System, Sean Watson & Dumperfoo's Birthday party @ Cheap Thrills. may wanna stay home if you don't want to be sore tomorrow.
Getting the hang of this whole twitter thing and enjoying the whole connectedness of it all as well as discovering new museum related things
Beetle&#39;s Kitchen Escapades: Breakfast Bars by Nigella Lawson
u mad? Stay mad
I love where a day can end up... As in randomly on the radio. Thanks and ! Playing the epicurean in p'ville @ 9
I can't wait until the big comic book con this weekend.
NM Jazz Workshop Under the Stars. 6/11 @ 7pm @ the art museum. Humoso and Doug Lawrence. Going to be a great show!
GAME ON! Season opener for the Missouri Mavericks starts right now. Good luck boys!!!!! Who is ready for some #HOCKEY?!
FOLLOW -> she follows back!
Stuntin on my old hoes stylin on my haters !
Ms. G gave me some takis & I got Gatorade in that young backpack!
I guess dads are in.
Can't Sleep >.<
Babies are born without kneecaps, they appear between 2 and 6 years old. So if you plan to steal from the mafia, get a child to do it!
me...so fun
I wont stop until im where i wanna be and need to be. With me or against me.
Does the far-left suggest by not support'g a DEM president, they will see progressive policies from a GOP WIN? Stop whining
Our hats off to William and Kate. We hope they enjoyed their wedding cake!
If you could help spread word about our upcoming events that would be great. We'll be sharing them starting next week. Thanks!
where is that?
I'm sorry._.
Hornover: what one wakes up with the morning after a night of getting too horny without release.
ENCORE! ANOTHER HOUR! MAKE IT TWO!
Serving with some amazing people from at bethel house. God is good!
Senior prank and last chapel today at Casady! Seeeeeeya
Absolutely amazing job on GH this week. Wow!
Atleast its almost summer?
Girl u kno I I I...girl u kno I I I
no worries. I'll definantly check her out. Got a song to recommend to get me started?
Where do you??(Not to be a creeper lol) It looks really pretty!
Wayne already has his loyal fans. He could care less what you say about him.
Chael wins! Now just 1 step from replacing his fake belt w/a real one. Amazing he has the energy to stay in character for his intv via
I know! I'm here! The Protein Breakfast is the bomb!!!
Have a Smoked Salmon and bagel Breakfast @ Firehook Bakery!
Remember all day today, free groung shipping on all Continental US orders. No minimum. Use code UNCLESAM11
What's up with this pacers game!
Thanks for stopping in! RT Love that place had the buzz this morning!
Religious girls are funny
Who needs abs when they deliver chinese food to your house?
"If ya don't know, now ya know."
no your mom jokes today since susan's mom is in the house
Midnight pad run for the wife
Insert your favorite gay joke - lights out in San Francisco with 124 men in spandex...
the front door may be closed, but my back door is always open. ;)
Hey Trisha I'm good wbu
But honestly I can't respect either band very much because they're both comprised of horny teenagers.
Did you guys ever decide who to give the free tickets to on the facebook/twitter testimonial giveaway?
RT : In 1st year of SIG grants, 1 in 5 schools saw double digit increases in reading proficiency, says
Aah I miss you !
What a week, amazing week!
When u make up ur own words to a song cause u don't kno the real onez...
really? you're polluting my tweetdeck! I can't open it anyway---access denied!
Another incredibly kewl day ... Looking as if it will be anotha all nighter ...
Men take care of their famiy while boys seek attention and approval from others. Which one are you?
Playing the song "snap backs back" tyag ft chris brown. Anber said is that tiger and I laughed and said no its tyga though lmao !
4. I like big butts
Aw, miss you too sweetie. You gotta come out and see the new house. I live a half mile from Rivertowne.
I just had to say it! Catch me when I look the baddest man THEY FUCKIN HATE IT
hungry hippos.....just when you thought it was safe to go in the water......
I never knew it was that deep/serious, that these chicks wanna wish death on me ! Haha <U+E412><U+E412><U+E412>
oh man that is so cool!
Sounds good, message me on FB when you are here.
Man, that joke was
cute, love the scarf
Ryan Tannenhill's girlfriend
Blah Blahh Blah!
RT : Verizon cuts wait on exclusive handsets for small cos. but will it make a difference? Interesting reader comments. http:/ ...
Need to take a walk. Maybe I will get lucky and a bus hits me. :( gotta go
make that happen!
I know its crazy. We had planned to interview today but the whole site is down for a few hours.
Respectfully disagree, Marvin Gaye's rendition at NBA all star game was the best of all time. But Whitney is in the top 3. RIP WH!
": lol, I'm ready bro lol"yea so we will talk
how on earth can you cancel GCB? why don't you give them a better time slot? Like where desperate housewives was?
Sounds good to me!
Thanks for the follow :)
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 16
some guys just dont know when to give up
hey, i like your icon:)
I've uploaded my version of "The Figure Study" to hassynyc.com #hassynyc I enjoyed creating this piece
I'm trying to hold on, but you keep making it harder.....
I'm still here!!! I fell out of the tweet mode thanks to Facebook! Yes I can...Yes I can...Yes I can. Hope everyone is happy.
what up!
Ha..he text and said why we stoped talking..I don't know you tell me.
RT I love and we will follow you!!
The only boy i know in high school with shit as his dreads gtfoh lmao
Don't touch me there, that is, my no no square :3
oh yea! Yaaay I'm excited =D
I got lots of black girl booty to share.
Eating some wonderful orange chicken
You're welcome! It's going to be GREAT!!! RT Another amazing #impasse backer... ! THANK YOU! xoxoxo
scennic bike ride to the country waterfotd, not quite
Damn you Aaron and your shoe porn
NABEF Webinar: On-Air Talent and Programmers – Promote Yourself Inside and Outside of Your Current Company! Oct. 5 at 2pm. Just $9.99.
is such a great actress... I LOVE A,N.T FARM!!! will you please follow me <3
Enough of these dumbass questions of "When does Mayweather-Ortiz hit the ring?" questions. How the eff are we supposed to know?
I will be hosting the Organically Funny comedy show on Thursday, May 17 at 10pm. Be there--or well....be a square.
the legal profession ought not to be so anachronistic, but it often is
I can't deal with it being so cold..
Its okay, i'm a #POWERBOTTOM!!!
Ugh class
Heartbreak is a trend these days. I couldn't care less; I've never been that trendy anyway.
Oh my gosh I soo agree on that one!
Alright well sorry. But you are kinda a Packer hater.
Having an executive committee meeting to discuss bringing on some paid help to keep the wheels greased. More info soon.
HAHAA! I love you guys!
Where did you get it? Savor?
well I don't work out yet. Im waiting till i have too! But I do have birthdays and presents are always a plus!
Good morning!!! Have a good day!!!
are you on break
Taking a break from job searching getting ready for #FameCandy event....
Can a long time time fan of yours get a hello from you. Thanks a lot man.
I report and tweet to torment you char
Thank you to 6abc Action News for the coverage yesterday evening!
I Dont Wana Seem Harsh But . . I Really Dont Care .
Rm335: Making students find full length films on their own=teaching them to fish
no I haven't
As thanks to readers for naming us Best Late Night Dining destination, we're offering HH food prices from 11-1am all this week!
Insomnia is a harsh mistress. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2> So tired this morning.
its best if you keep your grindr and your facebook profile pictures the same. Makes it easier for your stalkers to find you
sweden ;) and watching movie ;D
Merry Christmas!
Thank you! We will look into you guys!
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3 LoveYouNiall
That's right now, but I'm planning on dranking a little bit & vibing to some flocka in a couple hours. Where we pregaming?
I thought a flash drive was when you drove by someone and showed them your dick
my principal this year (not on twitter yet:/) has started that and it makes a heck of a difference!
Full body massage time:)
If You're Going To Have Doubts, I Encourage You To Doubt 1 Thing....."Doubt Your Limits!!"
If my twitter is sending y'all that wack a** messages about spreading rumors or whatever do me a favor n ignore it. My twitter trippin smh.
Today is the last day for our Online Fundraising Challenge. Did you know that donations to the March of Dimes are tax deductible ?
For those of you who are following the 7-book Oracle series, the cover for book 2 is finished and ready! Would anyone like to see a sneak …
Dose anyone need someone to follow then cause I will And I even need more followers<U+E415><U+E057><U+E32C><U+E32A><U+E32D><U+E32B><U+E32B>
Phil 911 -- Help! He's Having a Heart Attack!Jennifer Hudson Hospitalized for Food Poisoning
I wonder if I can actually have a conversation with you not just a reply to my tweet deal?? Hm. ;D Hey how are you? Pie x
I found a dollar under my bed. lol I feel rich. (;
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 50
its gotta be killin you too shawn. Its messed and funny at thhe same time.
hey I can't DM now but I'll DM you later
We'll win 3 & 4 @ the sea of red then figure out the spurs on the road 2 x's lol
You gotta listen to the words! It's FU Rockytop!
you should mention me. I need more follows. xD
Great service. Thanks fir the follow
hi yikes!!
Seems like all political analysts, commentators, & spokesmen start responses to questions with "Look, ..". Does it seem condescending 2 u?
Clemson only a consideration if FSU's big boyfriend comes back from the bathroom to sit at the bar.
Shout out to !! Go show him some love!:)
When your parents make your favorite for dinner but you can't swallow
People Are STILL Talking About Missoni For Target via
RT NP: my fav song in the world GOIN CRAZY by natalie --> Follow
what treatment would you recommend for dry winter skin? With the warm weather starting we want to leave winter behind!
i hope you been practicing lol
man, I don't know what you are talking about now...
can u follow me plz
FUCK Feds FUCK WHY DO U TAKE THAT PENALTY
no no no. I'm a smartass. SMARTass
Good ole Michael Caine.
we need team jerseys. see you tonight!
I believe the after lunch at work we should get a 30min nap time!
slave in heaven, or a star in hell
Hey I like range rovers too!
Another great event @ Chateau Ste. Michelle - fabulous scholar stories!!
and his product will be all glittery with scantily clad women...
Agreed! RT : Ugh. Reading that racist stuff about Rue makes me wanna cry.
Massage therapy has become a staple of many professional athletes' training regimens
I'm so over school. <U+E421><U+E404>
Yours was contrsuctive excess. No mention or pics of food or comments about the fat guy sitting next to you on airplane.
I stumbled across your blog and left a comment on there. Good stuff.
bought my Dallas ticket! 6 months in advance :D can't wait to see u guys! i shall camp out with other killjoys and eat power pup
The great Whitney Houston died today and all you can do is bitch about Nickelodeon?
Dear Zune, just because I picked Evanescence doesn't mean you should play the *one* Nicklecrack song. I've no idea why it's on my phone!
Practice photos from 5/24 going up now www.metrowestcolonials.com
RT : Fun dinner with clients! Great #socialmedia convo with , the rising PR superstar :)
the cold autumn drizzle makes me insanely happy
A girl who buys me food and gives a gnarly blowjob is
not alone Trogdorrrrrrr
in Vegas?
Where have you seen effective team work in action?
what Twitter tool do you use to tell exactly you left you?
This gorgeous sunset is rockin my nuts off ... hahahaha
How do you use technology to express your Jewishness?
LE FAINTS. GAAAAAAH I LOVE YOU TOO BOO BEAR!! <33333 :)
Brain: "I hate you" .. Heart: "I love you"
Sixers would be way ahead if they could make their free throws and would stop missing the bunnies inside
chillin on it mane tryna get it back goin again... u been good?
A poverty of compassion allows the untapped potential of our youth to rot away in detention centers & prisons. via
So ready to move to ATL next month
It annoys how dudes dog u after yall breakup wats the point u stfu cuz once upon a time i was everything u needed
or mabel vernon for that matter. why didn't i see you over break girlfriend?
Ahh congratulations for becoming my first follower. I can now rest easy.
wow-2011 is almost over!
We just finished a lovely dinner with the Morse College Master at the famous Mory's. Delicious, and great company!
$17m/yr not too shabby. Also, actually like that and tabbed to host one Friday night game per season.
Am I the only person who doesn't know what instagram is?
my living room lol, u wont be down to dancee thoee :p
You liked it don't lie.
Happy Mother's Day to Daenerys Targaryen, Calisi, Mother of Dragons
I figured that our a while ago. I was the youngest so my siblings have hated me a LONG time. It's a family tradition.
my mom busts out laughing and says my 5 year old sister is planking on the kitchen floor
When are you coming to florida?? I LOVE YOU! Your my idol! I got people to buy #alltherage :D i listen to it everyday. Its addicting lol
They invented hugs to let people know you love them without saying anything. - Bil Keane
where ru?
Kennedy re: lack of mental health providers. Rural areas are short on them. People get help every few months instead of few days
Foursquare emailed everyone saying I went shopping at Marshalls! Like I'd ever!
and I discussed needing a "no reply needed" flag instead of "important" :)
That's BS. You're fricking ah-mazing! You should be gaining followers, not losing them!
I guess sleep is my only option. As I prepare for another depressing day.
hell yes! Love my girls <333333
Running out of patience .....
keep me and in the loop por favor :)
YEAH KNICKS ALL DAY
Its wonderful to fight falling asleep because laying in your arms feels so great that I dont want to miss a moment of it. :-):-)
It is, thanks man. Hope all's well with you. :)
a relationship doesnt work out unless there are fights. because if you fight and get through them, then you guys are meant for eachother<3
: Swag up! #DJsforObama < Image is everything!
"I closed 5 out of the 11 open Catering contracts on my desk this week ! Go Team Platinum ! at Platinum Creations Catering & Events"
The Puritans can't stand the thought of two men together. Which is ironic considering they've already got a stick up their rear
thanks for the mention!
good! Hurry we miss you.
All for it, whatever it is!
Thursday nights this fall are gonna rock. followed by and then :)
We're hiring! Follow for all the latest info.
I feel you, my son is 5 going on 18! And my daughter is 3 and she tells me I'm not her best friend anymore everyday:)
i cant wait till my mom gets home from work tonight and sees the letter i left her on the fridge ! <3 #HappyMothersDay <3(:
RT : if i could transport myself I'd go find my undergrad library too -- is pretty awesome place
If you were my lunch, you would be under the false impression that you are on reprieve from being devoured. No,no... just a small oversight!
What areas are you looking at?
If she don't shut it up then its #TeamShutItDown :)
try being a girl. It's like fucking acid
Britney and Demi look amazing!!! <U+2665>
#nowplaying & Whiskey's Gone
Communication is key!
I love how I pick clothes in the morning! Oh that's clean. Put it on!
annie just hit a car with her shoe and some man was in it
All American Combo Saturday Special at Acme! Add some tasty Mac N Cheese & Creamy Cole Slaw! South of 161 off Cleveland Ave.
Congratulations Thanks to all the contestants for making this season of #TheVoice really great. Can't wait for the next one.
should i even ask about this mysterious alcohol related injury?
Mayweather is the best ever!!:)
Hello ppl ;) Let's talk bc im really really bored..: P
; ) I'm wrangling today. enjoy the sun!
it's a mystery about a mystery within a mystery :)
I wish would tell us where Peyton Manning will play next season. Getting tired of hearing and reading stories about him.
Monday morning, do you know where your Hospitality Consultant is? Hard at work on your website, your branding, your beverage list and menus!
Watching a documentary called HARLAN COUNTY U.S.A. to get some more info about some real-life incidents featured on "Justified."
Going through Tony Robbins Ultimate Edge Program. Have you completed any self-improvement programs that you would recommend?
Share with me, what questions do you have about Twitter?
I had u-verse when I lived in Tosa. Never ever had problems. I unfortunately have TWC now, but want to switch when it's available
Jamming to A Loss For Words.~
Maybe you should coach up then. And we aren't paying you.
yeah I bet! Hopefully no brawls in the stands! When we were in Philly for a Sox game I chickened out and didn't wear all my stuff
ur rite lol, its still funny though
According to spox no change in #WalkerFailure on right to work. So, one answer for billionaires & different one for the rest of us?
hope you honestly didn't think yall would win could've at least shown up, & your coach is soo cocky it's dumb.
good moving advice! RT : If you hire movers, get several quotes, and then confirm a moving date.
Omg... the whole time I was walking through Time Square I was humming the Law & Order theme song... just in case. (dun dun)
I seriously will pay somebody $20 to massage me and scratch my back for an hour tonight
I Think has been abducted by aliens or he is on a social fast...
SOME PEOPLE BE ACTIN TO SENSITIVE
Michelle please retweet my toilet idea I really did dream it one night and was on the shark tank rofl!
Life is all about the camera and the action! Because every where u go or your at people are watching u like if your a star!
Do you know...your reason is God, your virtue is God and nothing but your liberty can you call securely and absolutely your own?
“: #MentionTo your tallest friend.”
My YA/crossover zombie novel w/ , DEVIL'S WAKE, comes out in July! Follow for updates & cool survival tips.
Oh twitter I'm back... I know you've missed me...
My life is effing priceless, its been a while TWITTER DONE!
If being lost, dragging my luggage through Harlem after 10pm was on my "to do" list, I can check that one off.
Damn well that's whats up lol,I would of handled it differently thenUguys if someone hit my sis,but yeah broIhateWOMENbeaters!
Thanks Damian! :D
I want to win the arcade #AuctionHunters -
School bus drivers are very educated because they technically "go to school" everyday #deepthought <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008E>
Missed #WheresChorizo , no way I'm getting up at 4:30.....
Did you receive my email? I have a motivated seller and he is looking for a quick close. 'MovingCompany.com
The first, a valid assumption. The second...notsomuch, haha.
my gut says smith too. Just hope he holds up. One score and 40 yards...not asking a lot
I appreciate your vague tweets! Can't wait to watch before bed.
4 % ruin it for everyone
whelp... i finally gave in and got an iPhone!
SB198 passed committee 5-4 and goes to appropriations due to large fiscal.
preaches child abuse.
Sherlock is awesome! Was able to meet some of the behind the scenes folks for it while in Cardiff.
. Areed! Mitt using auditory terrorism
Fuck that store.
thank you! RT: “: Done! By the way, love that you remixed 're awesome.”
This sox game is terribly detrimental for my history test tomorrow.
Listening to Skrillex "first of the year" SO sick!
just saw previews for next week's glee and they sing "what makes you beautiful" -- you must be dying right now!! Lol
You're about to be in the hot seat if these service interruptions dont stop
Mourdock, Fischer...but the Tea Party is Dead! Go !
They were very popular at #SOBCon. RT : The lego people are in high demand. Think they will be on tour soon!
CRASH: I-5 northbound @ Macadam, on right shoulder. I-5 northbound commute extremely heavy!
$2!!! Support your local eateries! $25 gift certs for $2. Nationwide. DM me for details or find it here www.majkltravel.net shopYTB link
lmao oh my
Who has never tasted what is bitter does not know what is sweet. -German proverb
I used Shazam to discover Happy Up Here by Röyksopp
Um...... I was talking about the cook..... Awkward...
Listening to Monica sing a new song
wishes Mr. Miyagi had trained me.
YIKES! RT : The Carl’s Jr. Dbl $6 Burger is nutritionally one of the worst fast food choices - over 1500 calories and 100 g of fat
My mother is pissed and i need to find all my crap for dr kinsman and do sum cuz shes gonna tlk to her
Had an amazing time at the #otisrolley for Mayor Fundraiser last night! Check in later for pictures!
I was hesitant to buy, but after diving in more, best $90 spent in a long time :)
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
Just typed 7 pages, and coffee was not involved. This is monumental.
I miss you more ! :( a couple more weeks!!!
yes we are!
Someone please tell #DavidGregory that lapels should be less narrow than your shoulders.
Nice song man ! Check my site out if you ever need beats .
Fabulous of course! :)
a photo please!
Congrats to , who will be playing at clinic, and to , who will be attending the luncheon!
This time won't you save me!
Follow me is yu want to be my #1followers High as fuckk
I'm back
I'm leaving on Sunday!
it's like watching #mubb, just one big heart attack....
My cat keeps biting me :(
give her the pimp hand! Lmao
I am Mrs.Malik:)
#AsAKid I was a romantic, #AsAnAdult, I'm logical.
guy has a great last name
Also, let's use the #Frashour tag when talking about him. Cause this NEEDS to be talked about. And acted on.
you were def with me!
If u people follow me u will get like 300 new followers due it now
It's Disability History Week! This week, we're counting down the top 10 events in disability history. Which events stick out in your mind?
Is it me or are all girls starting to look the same??? At least 80%
I'm sad now lol :( Ight I wait for it tomorrow lol :P
SHow tonight at Lorelei 8:00pm MM 82 Florida Keys. Gonna be a HOT NIGHT! Time to sweat.
#100thingsilove 78; when people play with my hair
I watched #richierich today too, one of my favorites when I was a kid
'he's not a boy- she's a girl' 'no- he's a man': mom correcting her little girl observing that although I have long hair- I have a big beard
Marlins winning tonight again until now!!!!
I'm gonna hit u when u come home
Bernard Cote (canada), Sheray Thomas (canada), Shaghari Alleyne (Saturn)
Awesome day so far! :D
thanks to all our new followers! get ready for awesomeness...the IWITOT site launch is so close!!
It's 3 degrees, but feels like -16- ouch! Stay warm out there!
What do you mean by a "channel shift policy"?
Trying to think of a better/funnier LinkedIn headline. Really liked "Digital Overlord," but it's just not me. Hm.
So true. RT It takes teamwork. Mistakes happen, esp when rushed. Headers, cert pgs, etc. Catch so many in production b4 they go out
follow me??!
RT: First Watch is NOW OPEN in Indianapolis at the Keystone Crossing Shoppes (across from the fashion mall).
Haters are what make you famous!!!
thank you for following, I'm new so it means a lot <3
- you as well! Please pass our resources on to fellow educators!
Jst finished having a meeting regarding our next steps for “The Harvest Coalition”.
bribery gets you something amazing things ;) In our case... T-shirts
Am I a negative person?
seriously? I want to hear it x)
Tomorrow night is the night of ALL nights!! will be at HOSTED by SOUNDS by: &
Marcus Kruger is having himself a nice tournament so far for Sweden. In 4 games he has 2 Gs, 4pts & is a +3.
tI like that I'm getting more followers on #pinterest than I have in the last year on #twitter... i like being appreciated for my taste :)
yes it does but isn't it true.... A man carved it on granite so close up it does. Lol.
Gettin ready to go run with Emma. 5 miles tonight. Should be fun :)
Outbid for leather harness at the Gay Men's Chorus fundraiser; looks like same-old, same-old tonight.
just what the doctor ordered!
that's because the NY times sucks and you don't. Keep 'em going. Cheers!
If you live in the Milwaukee area & need new replacement windows put on your home, we are the one & only choice for your home.
You do indeed!
Holy Crap! You guys, SEVEN PM. 7PM #ourbad #proofreading RT : You Are In An Open Field is actually at 7:00 pm.
its a bad cycle. Losses lead to less confidence which leads to losses. Do what you do. Get your team pumped and turn some heads
Poynter's Iron Pit Gym / Richmond, Ky is open on #christmas eve from 9am-2pm
Just put a rhubarb/berry crumble into the oven, my very FIRST recipe ever using rhubarb
Eagles are dissapointing
who's revenge!
Won a $50 gift card to Rock Bottom Brewery and 2 movie tickets tonight! It's going to be a great Spring Break 2012 :)
and I are bringing the heavy heavy monster sound down tonight. no cover. 9-2
Kevin and David's soundcheck is #nerdmayhem - going to be a terrific show tonight! 7:30p at Vogel Hall, -
RT: A wise man once told me fuck with the people who fuck with you. the people who don't mean nothing at all.
What's w/ people leaving "the" or "a" off "majority" in writing? This is apparently an endemic problem now.
Can't wait for the season 2 premiere of Louie tomorrow. I hope it doesn't suck a bag of dicks.
And I'm starving!
ps out before the 22nd. A few of those still left.
Just fangirled out at Girls Nite Out....they looked at me like I had 3 heads. Ah so sad when real life does not reflect here and Tum. ;(
I know b. i will try not to!
Noah-- what kind of tips are u looking for?
Thanks for the post!
I want my kids to eat all their dinner except when they get cheese curds
Thanks! So glad you enjoyed stay. We will be sure to give you credit for this photo on Facebook too!
Seeing iPhone users belittle android users makes me want to get off instagram anyways, keep it up
Screen Shopping I go!!!! (that's window shopping on the intranet for those who don't know)
you need to go to school
yea... at this point i just tell people that hockey has 4 quarters.
email me for instructions or to send the stems to me
you better watch it, kiddo.
let me retweet this!
That is so hott!! Love you geez..Can't wait to hear you sing more!
I'm gettin money just taking care of me girrrrlllll.
So out of curiosity, why do you oppose returning SD's Black Hills to indigenous people?
yeah sure son
#youknoyoughettowhen every color ever made is on yo finger nails while you wearin a pink, purple, and orange dress with white and pink shoes
Wow, I haven't done a "Block & Report Spam" in several days. But, I see they're beginning again...
The party is at #OktoberFest in St. Louis! has you SET! I'm on now and the #ZliciousMix starts at Midnight!...
listening to that ether! "it's that ether, make your soul burn slow". Luv Nas!
D'aww :') I bet Rob's gonna drag you to the next shop shop he sees, Alex. :'D
Experience isn't just what happens -- but rather what happens to you!
every ICONiac know to man.
Obviously not. Look at those clowns.
Enjoy a wonderful Easter weekend with your friends and family! -Your friendly GFL staff
another whisper out !
#AWD 3302 students: due date for Unit 2 is now Monday the 17th
doesnt love me =(, he doesnt follow me or RT any of my tweets, im sad =( I*LOVE*JB<3
you don't need my lovin, you just want lovin in general.
Auditioning for a fresh ass film script today involving the golden era of hip hop. #couldhollywoodbesteppingitsgameup?
I spent 1/3 of my check already on pizza & paying my phone bill.. In less than an hour. Smh
it was yum
Now on tap-Buffalo Belgian Stout, Hinterland Saison, Piraat. Watch for some special tappings from The Livery, The Bruery, and more soon!
Pre-excusing is not becoming. Rub some dirt on it.
Quiet Sunday night at home
Just got my laptop in the mail ! Fuck yeah !
I posted a new petition on the White House website today in support of school libraries. Read more here...and sign! bit.ly/yi2wis
Beautiful Day! Enjoy the Ritz RT : On my way 2 Marina del Rey 2 finally meet my NYC couple & parents
tomorrow (sunday) is our show at the nashville jazz workshop. 7-9pm. come hear the other music. #nashville jazz
When you and your friend start singing the same song at the same time because the teacher says the words "this is..." xD
Danielle is a genius! How inspiring.
VITA gets income tax results for families
Getting new exhaust! 3r racing special
Wish I was tired again.
Boston Bound.
Dude, where's my Zipcar? Want to know if there's a Zipcar bearing your name? Tweet us to find out!
Madison No Fear Dentistry is looking for a talented, fun, and passionate Associate Dentist to join our team! Call 608-836-5700
retirement for a week?
G.M.N.I.: Every man I knew was pimpin', selling drugs, abusing women, or making women knotches on a belt.
DC: Had a blast from the past. 20 years later and she is still beautiful!
I'm starting to feel your hate towards these spammers bro
New web app launched by and - #Mapping emancipation events during the Civil War
yes sir - we will bask in all our glory
Thanks! All advice welcome
So for all who called and texted sorry but it was neccesary to take a break...
how goes it?
Yep, Williams transferred in the middle of the 2006 season. Also Mickey Perry
Lifting 's tummy up in prayer, preemptively. , wont you join in?
You can never get a cup of Tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me. ~C.S. Lewis
Pompa: assessments will only work if you set goals for students. States have a poor history of that without federal guide.
Come on people wake up!!! It's time to get this baby a rollin :)
Don't forget to stop by this weekend and pick up some delicious, homemade menudo!! (para la cruda) :P
It's so cold! What the fuck L.A.?
you've made millions of dollars! how depressed can you be?!
I will honey! Have a safe flight!! Text me when you land! XO
Actions tomorrow & Friday! www.savethelibrary.org. RT to the masses!
Don't forget some more of my niggas doin they thing in dis rap ish! show some love co everythingispolo
This mix is vicious!
I thought it was almost midnight... Did time STOP???
I'm 20 days away from not having to put up with your shit anymore.
RT : I don't think I could ever stab someone. I mean, let's be honest. I can barely get the straw through the Capri Sun.
white grape loovvvee it :-)
when's your birthday? :)
I gess when friday right boo.!?
Most popular pet #tarantula is the Chilean Rose. Ground dwelling/burrower is hardy, slower, more docile and easier to handle
“: Bout to Turn up tonight !!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>” that means ur going to bed! Lol
Also, after 10yrs of waytoopersonal blogging, it's nice to be talking into what is currently an Internet Black Hole.
you dont remember?! we'd buy them at outakes with our argo bucks
Can't stop thinking about what's next for me around the corner
Barely enough time to even send a tweet we've been so busy lately!
Today's Goals: Speed Interval Workout; Vacuum Lvg Rm; Write for 45 min. What are yours?
Majority of Supreme Court there! Please don't overturn Affordable Care Act - homeless people need Medicaid.
i feel like everyone os agnoring me!!:(
ah ha no ma'am to young for this party
Got my cap and gown
Well it'll be delicious no matter what but I'm from Chicago, I have high standards.
Adelaide: "I want to be a *Pretty Girl*!" Constance: "No! You'll go as Snoopy or not at all."
thx for the follow
I won't be getting any sleep tonight with all this work -.-
Going to make breakfast
RT I'm worried that if I give up smoking I'll replace it with murdering.
Thanks for following, It was great to have worked with you..JC
#ff realizing that the hole in the donut is the donut hole, and those other things are donut balls
yay! Let's celebrate it!...jk
Blowing my mind, here. The production limit is a federal law. What's Ross have to do with it? Is he selling it?
thanks all party bus riders for a great weekend!
All about the L today - National Lipstick day and National Lasagna Day. M on both
Hi. I love Sonny Moore. <3
is wondering what's going on with #pdxboom. It was definitely alarming!
Speaking of animation, congrats to "A Morning Stroll," one of our 2011 animation fest selections, on the Oscar nom for animated short.
S/o to all my followers....
we provide custom crawling at scale; pull out the exact data you want for the URLs you want -> more than a web content dump
Good Morning World!! Currently at 7:56am in Atlanta, GA it is 37 degrees. High: 64* Low: 46*
We just tested a fabulous O'so Hopdinger!
Now we are down to 8 days. Time hasn't moved so slowly since I was a kid. It's kind of cool, actually, this warped elongation of each hour.
I dont want to get up.
Only Wisconsin fries food as much as the south and then it's almost always in beer batter.
What is #oomf?
Yes, 1:30 pm it is. We'll meet in the Regency ballroom and go from there.
Towson University to host celebration of Greg Giovanazzi, former NCAA, Olympic volleyball coach Giovanazzi, 54, died Monday; spouse is un
haha my parents are dumb they let me pierce my lip not my tongue and I can get a tat but not my tongue -_-
Yeah, I hear ya! Small, but fun. Been eating Mexican leftovers all week ;)
Looking forward to your new shows... congrats!
Yes!!! Thanks for taking the time to compile all those hashtags.
Hope u recovering well brotha. I know how it feels. I know nothing is gonna keep u down though.
At the art fairs in NYC? Let us know what you liked the most
Me too. Lots of runaway reports lately. Don't know what's going on at home but if they knew what we knew... :-(
The only place I'll call home, is my death bed.
I have an unhealthy Angry Birds Addiction, "Space" was my latest fix... ;-)
Kronwall not Stuart scored.
Numbers don't lie. RT US newspapers lost $27 in print for every $1 they have made online since 2005, says
We are racing here in Long Beach. What a beautiful cool California day.
We have 2 tables open and 2 let's get those booked. Giving away a bottle tonight.
Of course, now you tell me.
better late than never!
HIHOHIHO OFF TO THE GYM I GO BIGCHESTDAY!
Where is the future of entrepreneurship? Where people are the hungriest for it--not in the USA.
oh ok, i believe ya
In addition to our regular menu, we will have a prix fixe menu available for $30. Winter root salad or French Onion Oxtail soup...
&#39;Dancing with the Stars&#39;: Gladys Knight leaves on midnight train
Had a great night
It's on Eastern & St. Rose! 10100 S. Eastern. Hope to see you there!
i hate storms.
: no! I love storms but i am playing outside! Bo!
Lmfao my dad stepped on dog shit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Thanks for the invite when you eat six blocks away... Ha.
No just County Fair/Hickory Hill/Sweet 16. I'm thinking abt bigger proj re postwar girls/intell spaces & hadn't thought of 4H.
Bah! Spoilers! I haven't listened to it yet!
Switching servers later today to help with the load. Should be resolved by refreshing for now.
IT'S SO NASTY THO
Lolz...Herbal Breast Augmentation Products Studies? The Hunger Games
theohgroup Looking for a sales person for an interactive and marketing. Contact www.theohgroup.us/214-405-5597
I got a mink for a pet!
hahaha well i'm glad you're cheering on the devils! :D
Workin on finals bleh, at least I had an awesome St. Patricks Day!
its crazy how many kids coming into our practice are diagnosed with spectrum disorders!
I'm watching The Way official video of on TV :D I love this video! Jesus, You're the Way!
dibs! i'll take you
just jump in. you learn most of what you need to know along the way
That's sweet dude!
8 more followers to have a 600 followers..:))
FACT: You don't have your next chance to get this right!!! You have this opportunity right now! Because the next chance isn't promised!!
Singer-Songwriter's circle showcase tonight. 334 Mass Ave Cambridge, MA with a $6 cover. Hosted by Plectrum Ent.
Getting my first tattoo in a couple hours...super excited!!!!
I'd be the Rev lol RT ": * kneels down on one knee grabs your hand * will you marry me on twitter ? -.-"
Okay so then I was right. HAHAHA!
We're having a HUGE 3 Day Sale on our Used Cars, starting 2morrow. Over 100 vehicles marked down, we have something for everyone! c u there
Thank you for the recommendation. Really building my traffic a ton. It's amazing.
#anyone have a good LAMB CHOP recipe? #lamb chop recipe #raising bebe #French women dont get Fat #recipe ideas #food blog #good eats
Its OFFICIALLY to hit to be a thug, there is no need to have on a oversized hoodie
Steve Aoki is the shit right now! gym making it happen!!
ok good. I was going to say cause I'm not prepared for that shit.!!! I would
Girl: I'm da kholdest female in dis bitch! Dude: bitch if you don't sit yo room temperature azz down! Lmao
Riiker_Blade says we lovce the show!!
auditions are on the 25th and 26th
thanks for the good word!!!
Happy Birthday to me!!!!!! :D
because you love someone for who they are, not what they wear. if you don't like what they wear, you probably don't like them.
#mystrangeaddiction is you.
uh oh mouth pieces flyin! No it was a head band
It's the new all terrain Lexus
Techno music is a lullabye to my heart.
. is AMAZING on #DWTS and she looks absolutely magnificent for her age! She has my vote!!! <3
I'm so glad I ended up watching the Jersey Shore episode that included 'Ashamed'. I discovered a great band! Great music :)
2 straight hours of drumming without a single interruption. I'm pretty sure I found heaven.
praying for little #RyanKennedy hoping he is healed. Trend #RyanKennedy please! 9-yr-old w/brain cancer.
I look fwd 2 showing everyone how much more awesome it is in person, after finals :D
About to hoop at Pioneer Park. I want to play with someone good though....
People who advertise their sexual ignorance & immaturity on twitter or anywhere else: seek counseling/grow up/shut up, get a life & SHUT UP
No worries Justin, we know you're with us in spirit. Take care of your lady for us and we'll kick it w/ you next time ;-)
Leila: Thanks for following me. ;) Are you living in Seattle area?
Cant wait to get home
Motion. Good one. Lick the stamp! Ha ha.
Lol this is awesome
Molly Quinn Is Perfect www.funnyordie.com. check it out!
What bad rap?
I am really excited about #DC! Can't wait :-)
Lmao i swear you're my best friend. "Friends knock on your door. Best friends walk into your house and start eating."
": You are what you think." < basic concept but everyone needs a remainder! Thx! Positive thoughts!
You Name it - We Can Make it! =) RT What kind of filipino food you making?!
Fine-I'll go to the Brewers game, choke down delicious food and have a wonderful time if I have to.
I officially have sunburn on my right half only ;)
1 of the 4 almost cut my hair 4 the 2nd time
I honestly don't think, in your destructive zeal, you understand why America just turned against you
Thank you, !
I love you fam omg lol
bou to go shoot tha saw gun
Good lunch @ Stella's
Do you need Change Management to implement Change Management?
In the words of Dennis Green fmr coach of the Arizona Cardinals... Rush Limbaugh,& the other cowards. "they are who we thought they were"
Bill/Kevin trade Chisenhall $6 and 3rd round reserve pick to Rockers (me) for Ichiro $19 and 2nd round reserve pick.
Exciting things happening on #blackfriday!
love that album...
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 48
so excited!!! haha
I'm sick, going to the chocolate milk factory today and riding camels to tonight... Yes I said camels!
Its free www.tdmwebacademy.com - - we need everyone to help - Beta test - thx about 1 hour ago from web
I don't know, I've dug pretty much everything so far. Blunderbuss has just been surprisingly dull so far
Great Game, great dinner and great friends:)
"We are gonna keep coming at these guys...trust me...guns blazing every game" Rick Carlisle
I got called at 3:30am and had to make a critical decision!
Now the hard ass spurs we got to play
I know. I have one too. 289?
Healy Clock Tower is now handless, sentient, and on Twitter. Everybody say hello to
absolutely can't wait for KTUphoria this weekend! :) and more!
Amazed at the fakeness in the world it's sad
No matter what the media says You'll always be the girl who's warm hearted,talented,beautiful n amazing. I love u MC :-)
Congratulations - God's blessings.. you have an appointment yet?
good. Shit be to easy these dayz
"...a program I believe in."
I'm ready for that 2003, 2005, 2006, and 2011 rematch!!!!! Coach Taylor get past Shaw this year!!
Honestly just showing how fake you really are.
Unless its some red wine lol RT : Holy early!!! Up for this flight to Cali... Hm too early to drink?!
If your not sure what to get gift to give the birthday boy or girl visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com to help you choose at great prices!!
With August 15th marking National Relaxation Day, we want to know how YOU unplug and recharge. So how will you celebrate today?
Looking forward to acrl technology & libraries lightning round-up!
Irrigation boost for tribal belt
thanks a mil Jake! If I can actually see the vote button to vote, you definitely have my vote as well man!
Im folliwing everyone who follows me
we do! Thanks so much love.
Join Lottie's for our "Greek Bailout" brunch - we're bailing Greece out 1 kalamata olive at a time!
r ur snake bites fake
youtube Gutta J Nino Brown Dallas Yeah
Spiritual practice is a full-time awareness of the Truth, not a part-time pastime.
I'm loving Malibu RED
If this is something would be interested in doing, we'd love to have you.
What has been the most useful lighting fixture this holiday season?
Karoubi FB objected widespread arrests & asked 4 the immediate release of all detainees, and reparation of their reputation
Simply Fight Week
yup! My heart just dropped! Ugh!
: Believe it or not, a quake was felt here in #Milwaukee, WI.
If you are or know of a published/up and coming model #DBHH is now looking for models to feature on our new section #DreamGirls. RT
i'm not perfect...i'm human<3
its gettin hot in here, so take off all ya clothes.
"Man! Look at the working over he's giving his crapper! You could break a pool cue across it!"
This dudes butt is throwing up in the stall next to me.. I feel sick
#andypoll Vacay with Mr Davis. PNW maybe? I want to put a bird on it.
I piss on people that say " #nohomo " :)
oh okay. Why wouldn't you like it?
And I know that. Sorry!
Just went on rollercoaster at mission beach and heading back to Vegas!
10days!!!! I'm down to two hands!!
It appears our Twitter account has been hacked. We did NOT send out any spam messages or links. Change your PW immediately.
True that
After awesome shows in #Louisville & #Cleveland this amazing journey of a tour has concluded
Sometimes I wish it was legal to punch students
They got me the one with the two sticks. It's so awesome, I was freaking out. haha.
Be nice to people on your way up because you may meet them on your way back down. - Jimmy Durante
Probably go to
bro ill be home tomorrow i swear i wont forget you poster lol
Fun is seriously the best band ever. There is not a song of theirs I don't like
feel you my daddy is just not a daddy he is a father. Can talk about anything and not be judged by him love him to DEATH
See you guys soon :-)
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 15
I have to go to see it again.
What do I have to do to get you to follow me?
Hilarious. Rebecca Black being a victim of antisocial media is being discussed. Friday has made its way into #SheCon!
HAHHAHA Nice Joke No OneLoves Him More Than Me
Finally a gorgeous day in Boston! Come have lunch on the patio. Today's lunch special is a cup of chowder w/ a swordfish taco!
U selfish! : I need a cold POP!
I know . TT_TT it's such a perfect day for it . rainy .
Yes please!
I already do brah:)
the symbol is the logo for our new agency on campus run by the undergrad marketing assoc. check us out!
Vic seems pretty copacetic this morning after blowing off steam yesterday playing computer games and some UNO. Keeping an eye on him tho.
I love a 2.30p call time! Shooting very funny anti-smoking campaign. Comedy set is an excellent place to spend a Fri. Ahh doing what u love!
MY DOG RT : #NowWatching Cocaine Cowboys
Grandmother passed last night. Cancelled my FL trip and am headed to Houston.
people that can't keep a conversation going for more than 10 minutes.... shouldn't have a phone.
guess some got bored & basically its what happened was tumblr & 1D.
Get on twitter you Hooligan!!!!
Happy #InterNationalWomensRideDay. I wouldn't trade my Harley for anything. Rubber side down, ladies!
Whaaaa? RT : Phil? RT : Sources tell me Taylor getting an MRI..possible torn pec
There's Hack Night for Beginners at Vertical Response tomorrow night. Are you going? It's at the same time as study group though.
All gate info screens down at Detroit Airport. Chaos ensues.
done trying to be nice.
#UFC145 did the main event start?
r u going 2 watch Ellen
Good luck! Love that show!
I just had a PB&J and didn't wash my hands. I am not a germaphobe!! :p
Watching the parent trap with Lindsey Lohan just look at her then and now it's a shame now. I want our Lindsey Lohan back that we knew more
nice seeing at the SAT yesterday
lmao I sure do and i was the only child for 9 years I'm not good at sharing lol
u should read Bill Gates recent comments on energy innovation and investments required for the future
very nicely put
Is there a way to make a partial refund to a customer?
How about a "Bassmasters" Mockumentary starring you, Christopher Guest and the crew??? Please.
it will have you leanin'!! Lol now I'm drinking "call a,cab"
I am suddenly jealous.
I'm good
fuck you u u and u mf
Gonna Tour today so its a #MensFashion #FollowFriday Primer
In Chicagoland, it's 60 degrees and sunny. Enjoy the beautiful day, everyone!
Wait... They sent Nunez down?!?! How did I not know till now?!?!?!
on my way to Jersey . jk im on my way to the movies with
#SpringBreak Homework sucks! :P
May 17th 7pm ET TWITTER CHAT Lupus dermatological issues w/
The Superbowl is a marketing major's holiday. You get to see so much of your product in motion, then the after effect.
Movie recommendation is Tim Curry in "Clue"
According to a rumor I'm starting is going to be playing 'Cyborg' and a sweet live version of 'Sitting' next month!
Congrats to Rick!
hell yes.
": Gmorning." How bout them Coyotes...NOT!! JK...
better than Standard Definition special features.
hows sorority life?
to the magical land of blueberries!!! Lol ;)
Looks heavenly
Yes, mostly the W&OD trail, sometimes the C&O canal towpath. Going to do some rallies in the spring.
say dat find me one dwn there wit da crib already cuz these bums scoutin witout a pot to piss n
GIRL we didn't know you needed a ride! Well get you after dinner!
welp volleyball is cancelled. I'm bored now.
well, I drink everyday... So hahahahaha
Yet money is so dang imortant. RT : Vevo: Music is now an experience, not a product, like it was many years ago.
Gotta get it
Voice recognition is *hard* on all levels. Siri will only improve with time. This is totally a first-world complaint and bogus.
I'm finally done with high school lol
FACEBOOK? If I had $$ to invest perhaps...
I will give you the subs free on Monday with everything on it, nothing missing
My mind on my money and my money on my mind
lmao no problem <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I'm glad all the spanish ppl bout to be mad tonight & tomorrow! Floyd mayweather niggas!!!!
while shopping for final preparation for Christmas Eve Dinner, 3 different strangers thanked my father for his service to our country- :)
We are! We need sales people and an installer! Feel free to retweet!
ScarJo was a bad casting choice for a superhero movie, should've been Kate Beckinsale or Halle Berry... Someone intimidating!
Solutions-Light plays an important part in lighting spaces,layering of light ,reflecting light,using light as architectural tool
Repudiate your murder threats and your namecalling friends, and I will.
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Virgin Strawberry Daiquiri 4.11 / 5 Stars | 20 Reviews by Helena W. "This drink is probably the best drink I hav
Raise your glass, proud bitches!
Calling all Whitney Meyer / The Voice fans!!!! Whitney is playing the first set of songs at the Museum's First Thursday tonight! Starts...
Salsa @ QBar Tonight! See you there!
Someone bought a toilet seat bass guitar on e-bay! the guitar player in Jay Leno's band! LMAO that is sick. He played it onstage. :O
Go USA women soccer!!! win the World Cup
your teeth might not make it but at least your apartment will smell good :)
Thanks for tweeting! Can’t wait to see your official video for
Im still beautiful even with my busted lips! ;)
In Baltimore County lol
Ok. Not sure what that means but keep up the good work
you are my friend
About that. They're giving me my schedule for the next day every night at 7:00... so I'm not sure yet. Saturday or Sunday!
Pictures from the Sex and the City II Event will be up in a few, stay tuned.
LINSANITY! is sweeping the nation, and you're still fairly certain that that's not even a word
Home from the dance. It was worth the pain I'll be feeling tomorrow.
I just want to run away :'(
Leaves town. terrible blow to the Ravens. Coincidence?
#ThingsILove Records that come with MP3 downloads. Love the past and embrace the future at the same time <3
get ready for wet republic to open! Bring the crew!
I'm hoping to. Are you?
in your bio you forgot most beautiful girl : )
I'm working on this one beat. What I need is a new beat machine I think
Yes, I like Yes To Carrots. Try their face wash, it's the best and it's also sold at Target. xD
Mortgage Rates Completely Flat Ahead of Tomorrow's Jobs Data
Iced coffee in front of cathedral, reading guide to all religious bldgs in Manhattan for a paper, wishing all of grad school was in Spring!
Yes please I will.
Despite the terrible luck experienced today on the lovely 13th, things could've definitely been a lot worse.
When I am rich, my actions will speak not my words.
Are you by any chance acquainted with ? He's right now tweeting about his idea for a "Timehouse" magazine.
Never give up! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Tanner sure is cute but he just hates to let me sleep
The renovations on the in Sun Prairie, Wisconsin are looking great!
Clients: our phone system is down for incoming calls. We apologize for the inconvenience. Please contact us via email until resolved.
The key to a better workplace is better co-workers. Not video games, music or cool shit on the walls.
Sometimes I over think things. #
Wish that I could steal away for a while...
Gotta do the Lord's work going to the jails, prisons, hoods, streets & anywhere else. They need it, we don't deserve nuttin
The rich and corporations must be made to pay their fair share of taxes again, and then some to pay for massive reparations.
Plant the seed of desire in your mind and it forms a nucleus with power to attract to itself everything needed for its fulfillment. -
do you have a location in Columbus? If so, please close it. cc
Girl with a dragon tattoo?....not in my house
Happy Mardi Gras to all you non-louisiana folx.
I'll be there. See you Friday night/Saturday?
"I have found some kind of temporary sanity in this."
I would not have it any other way!!!!
-She Go Out Er Night Doee..!
A few hours of downtime, and then it's back to the Drupal byte mines ...
Smart for any R-rated movie, but many dispute this particular rating. Watch it and see for yourself - Should #Bully be R?
Follow me on Instagram if you like Cats, Food, Culture, etc... my username is MillerKrause I WILL NO LONGER BE USING TWITTER!!!
One Day, Everythings Gonna Be Alright.
On the road to rock Natrona then overnite event at WVU owwwwwwww
When my Litto sister was a baby she used to call the kitty cats titty tats Haha how cute=')
its actually really good!
if you have the power to end the world then you should have the power to make "it" work.
I REALLY want to go to the "Out of the Attic and Into the Stacks" : Feminism and LIS : the Unconference
No, I don't deserve to see RT of Nicholas Sarkozy in my timeline in a Saturday morning.
Even though the ice cube supply is in the driveway, you certainly want to be a "deck person" when the fight breaks out.
NBC Best Friends Forever= beyond painful. Props 4 taking risk but Writing & acting your own stuff, not always best idea
at least you're still my day late friend...
I want to be righteous like Abraham n Noah so I can live a couple hundred years serving the lord.
would you like to piss off a hispanic person? pronounce the letter "j" in every spanish word.
was there 4yrs ago,love #Chinatown in #SF! Enjoy some good food:)
Whitefish Can't Jump
Fun time at the green turtle olney!
Thanks! I'm *so* nervous at the moment with day before jitters but used it as an excuse to by a new bra from
Cliff Harris quick off the block this morning.
Just finna get in my bed .. I feel horrible .. & my attitude is ridiculous & I feel like punching someone in the face!
Doesn't even feel like its 8:11. More like 10 or after
as soon as we get bikes!
meant to say g+t=din if you nibble on the lime to get a taste of pulp. Din needs solid martini w/ olive = meal for example.
fantastic moves for both teams. eagles really lost out by passing both up and sticking with castillo.
RT - Does Rick "Wild Thing" Vaughn's admission to using steroids tarnish the Cleveland Indians run in the late 80s and early 90s?
dang straight!
I'm what's new like white chicks wit ass lol
Have no idea but definitely not in the #holiday mood. :O/
Dear Austin, i love you. K bye
Long, deep, slow....breathes out
If State Farm were such a good neighbor they'd come over and pick up all the dog shit in my yard.
RT : You should have seen the responses I got from the contest question I posted a few hours ago
Damn we shoulda tried to trade Amare, nobody was goin tho I bet...
Love how you fucking ignored me.
Hello my people, the party is about to start. Dj let's go. Shawty whare's no makeup.....
“ “ Don't confuse the people who are always around with the ones who are always there.””
People would like you more, if you weren't such an obnoxious bitch. <3
- cooking is sure to be tasty. That woman can cook! I still remember one of the best desserts I've had made by her.
Best sentence i've heard all day! #positive #affirmation #backatya RT : Thank you. You're always a winner with us!
Touch me, tease me. Feel me and caress me, hold on tight and don't let go.
let's go later !!!
If you've ever had the thought: "I'll just get a bunch of food for emergencies", this is the way to do it, at FastPreparedness.com. RT/visit
Pin Up Party coming soon! Stay tuned for details!!!
It's Monday #JustRead and we're talking books. What's on your list this week?
Good luck to the seniors, don't forget about us!
Just finished photographing the Supreme Court and now off to shoot The Reno Bachata Festival!!
michelle shocked is in town......free concert, downtown, at noon.
awl OK
RT : Deli at home: Henry Hong's do-it-yourself pastrami at 1 pm
Join me, Royce Boyles, and Chuck Carlson at the Radisson Paper Valley Hotel in Appleton, Saturday at 1:30, to talk #books and
thank you sweet girl!
Got the Citizen's Bank apron my father-in-law gave me on, which means it's grill time.
Where you moving? --Glynn
WHO DEEEEEEEEEEYY!!!!!!! I'm shaking right now!!!
Happy bday to our boy the jon jon
NB to sr. attorneys: don't muck up my work with unsupportable arguments and then ask me to sign the brief. Your voodoo effigy will suffer.
Interested in law school? Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer tomorrow, 11/9/11 from 2pm-5pm at Rutgers’ Robeson Campus Center
Watching Phillip sauce. Fucking awesooooooommmmme. Loving the bass players hair lol
hahaha classic you call Curds" lol
"Freedom of expression is the mother of truth" Jeffrey Yang translates Liu Xiaobo's June Fourth Elegies
Tonight=best night ever. I'm closing with all my boys and having a blast
I didn't make it either... was really looking forward to it.
GoodLuck Bro... Chicago got ya back
thanks for following :) cheers!
All projects result in museum exhibition that emphasized the communication element
Thanks Marlow!! I'm having a blast!!
you too doll, I'm tryin to be a good jewish boy..yeah that ain't happenin.. ;)
fuck with me my nigg hit me on the DM
Nobody did it, but God!
I would like to invite everyone attending NBA AllStar Weekend & whatever golf course ur on in Orlando to Church this morning!
Another shout out to for a great talk today
Picking a winner is like drawing a name from a hat, but I'll go with Rory because the English guys will choke as usual. You?
h/d pears so good! Go for it, and pair them with raw honey, walnuts & pt reyes blue cheese. Yum!
It was fun! Good to see familiar and new faces. You could start your own LDR... :)
dude where the fudge were you and who were youbeith
I figured out why they are called numbers; they are numb-ing me.
I hate waking up alone :'3
im on now...make it happen..lets go..loser :)
Max Bratman is just one of the cutest little kids EVER :)
sleeping isn't an option for me tonight.
Join me 2nite at Park 52 Rest in Hyde Park for Mon nite football! Free! Prizes plus drink & food specials! Special celeb guests
samesies! don't want to spoil it all at once - want to savor the goodness.
<U+2728>Good<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>Night<U+2728> <U+2764>Tweet<U+2764>Hearts<U+2764>
Can There be A Black Emo Person
That great! There are so many opportunities for scholarships out there. Does he have a profile on beRecruited.com?
How stuborn are the scars when they won't fade away, or just a gental reminder that now are better days?
Well, "sharing my feelings" failed me
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RAY RAY. i hope u have an awsome day with friends and family. we love you :)
's new mixtape is beast. Everyone needs some sick stuff like that.
Now my room smells like weed & everyone is high. Party er what???
WHATEVER YOU DO, DO NOT TRUST ME.
that would totally happen haha omg itll be a joke
i sit back and laugh at you hoes i dont waste my time getting mad just crack that devil smile...#;)
Is everyone feeling the need to get out of the heat and get away already? I know I am.
Excuse my charisma, vodka with a spritza.
Gosh, has been rocking my world. I'm all shook up! Keep going, [;
If I only followed Charlotte Observer I'd have no clue how Silatolu fits in w/ team, but I'd know his mom was a housekeeper. Pertinent info.
Still on the bus.!
I made that up.
Yay for exercise endorphines! Started Beach Body's Brazil Butt Lift workout Day 1 today!
So is some kind of hoax, right? The pictures associate with the twitter account are of the model Jennifer England.
you're welcome
Are you ok with 10-pin American bowling, instead of that wacky 5-pin Canadian style?
From : "They understood things of the spirit in Japan. They disemboweled themselves when anything went wrong." — Sylvia Plath
K1 pretty tasty but you should try some Chopin.
that'll change this year
OMG they should make a law that people who lost their voice should not b allowed to sing until its back!!!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085>
Congrats to Wesley Korir of Kenya - Men's winner of todays Boston Marathon. Finished in 2:12:40. That's a 5:04 per mile pace!
Got to see my son ' band Your Last Decent rock with Honour Crest (WV) at Sonar last night. Great show
Working until 1am stinks, but getting caught up on a bunch of stuff feels great. Feeling re-energized in an odd, sleep-deprived way.
how about cock fighting? When I loved in Thailand ppl watch that.
A Rush buddy of mine told me that! Funny. He also told me the Idol contestant singing Tom Sawyer wasn't so good.
Can you pick just one favorite #teacher?
We are in the process of becoming every day, every moment.
"you can't see the #forest for the #trees"
You know... it might be time to upgrade the old cellphone when it just dies for no apparent reason...
exploring who/when/why of word processing - examing relationship to word processing, evolution of written language
Couldn't agree more. Great job this morning. Good luck w/ everything
from that example you have, is that chart updated in real time or just an image that shows generally the best time to call?
LOL! RT : Person near me has updated healthcare plan, ordered an iPhone and shopped for groceries during the session
:O RT : Last circle i was in a bailed the bitch outta jail bro & helped one of em get a loan to stay in school..still got be
Sigh enjoying Ashley while I still can! Smh~
Really don't know how I should feel right now...
Thanks for the RT ! Much appreciated :)
if you're in #Chicago I'm looking for
“: "Hey bruh, stop messing with the earth bruh" - #NYULilB”
RT : Lolol...Manscaping...*it's good to see someone is keeping up the task, do i dare ask if u own a weed whacker?! lol!
ESPN NFL - Minnesota governor signs bill to build $975 million Vikings stadium; target opening 2016
This food is going to be legen-- wait for it...
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080> love u too bugzy<U+2764>
Jack Gill upon accepting his #AF2012 "Man of Action" Award " is only going to get bigger and better!"
thank you #BCGAwards for bringing awareness to so many worthy causes. We salute you!
Lol at these kids talking about how selling weed is so hard and annoying. Try selling fucking coke and then come talk to me.
Cause that's what you are.... Of you know what that means
Change business models for renewable energy
Buenos Dias Everybody! You should have some Cherry's for breakfast.
I won tickets yesterday and I emailed the address they gave me. But I didn't get an email back??
Huh. I just made myself walk up and down my stairs about 8 times so I could get my 25 flights badge on Go me!
omg i am so glad your coming to sanjose ca cant wait to se you demi:D
yeah i know ;/, i changed my password
My fingertips are holding onto the cracks in our foundations
Please follow the new twitter account for Mislead: America's Secret Epidemic for posts about our progress on the film! Thank you! - Tamara
is attempting to program her brain to ignore the freezing cold temperatures. It's not working yet.
this situation will get ugly RT : Yes. RT : Would anyone else like to see the make Jeter an offer?
Wow, fantastic reading by Paula Meehan and Nuala ni Dhomhnaill at #HybridIrelands conference #notredame. Very impressed by conference so far
I'm just telling the truth abt Society & Culture if you don't like it or can't comprehend bc your Incompetent plz be my guest & UNFOLLOW!
you can see the hesitance in mantan & sleep and eats eyes before the show but they go out anyways
Good morning #LosAngeles. I'm headed back to Columbus, Ohio again today. On my way to LAX now.
My Whole Block && Other People From Where I Live Was In The Plan ( ;
“: I just got hit on by a gay man at the airport .lol”
the sickest
Dental x-rays linked to brain tumors CBS42 Meningioma is mostly caused by ionizing radiation. Dental x-rays are the most common artif
If Yal musicians don't start being professional your will learn the hard way it doesn't matter how good you are. You'll be sitting at home.
Thanks for following! Q? - what's your fave line dance?
Ready to party for the Lord with this Saturday @ 7 PM!
LETS GO MAVS!
The day the music died. RIP John Lennon
Wow...one thing after another..smh. My dad.
dude Ur ripped u do any personal training
soo ..i was watching American #Idol & when & Jimmy were talking &i saw 'Jake' from Touch in the back & i was like "THATS JAKE"
soon people are gonna be saying
I don't know about DC but the Dallas Palomar lets you borrow a goldfish.
#RnBThrowBacks Loose Ends- Hanging on a string
Status update today & Tuesday no more appointments available. Wednesday limited time still available.
You can't tell me lies. Don't even try cause this is goodbye.
Pop quiz.
Ain't gotta man, but she paid man
Happy New Year!!!
yeah well my last paycheck went to gas and a money order for my state exam. Net income= -8.25
shit was great.
Three hours in the doc's office and still waiting to hear something. Ugh!
I want my mom to get home..I want cheddars :)
although both important, i dont think we can equate sexual orientation and racial status.
ready to go right now
RT : I'm convinced...CJ Watson had classes in the basement in High School
Jesus said to her, 'I am the resurrection & the life. He who believes in me will live, even though he dies; & whoever lives & believes in...
for following ....also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience.
I think that's how every ep ends! RT ...and then they sleep together
If either team gets someone to 3rd, it should count as a run. That's the only way either of these teams will score.
Thank you to all who were responsible at Mifflin and didn't get arrested
I want some!
Why are S, M & L cups of tea different prices? They're only different amounts of water??
are you by chance at a cell phone dinner?
I love this song (:::
Panel sharing HUGE opportunities with working with #pharma More innovation through collaboration.
I'd like to return my Master's Degree please. I'm totally not using it.
rachelgurulong - Kimpton&#39;s Hotel Monaco Baltimore Knocks it out of ...
when do you need wacom tablet? for how long?
yea buddy
#mysuperpowerwouldbe to get more people to
SCISSORS ~ You're awesome! I love talking to you! & I love your way of being! I love your icon too!<U+2661>
We're watching Back to the Future. Come on over.
My daughter saw a photo of Ronnie James Dio and she said "I will call him Peace Zombie".
You're too hard on older Newberys! First Shen of the Sea and now Hitty! Not perfect but not dregs either!
SO PROUD OF THE WANTED FOLLOW?
iPad giveway tonight during the NCAA Championship, must be present to win!
Up til 11 last night finishing "A Thousand Splendid Suns." Made that 2am wake-up kinda tough. This new sched will take some getting used to!
Thanks for the shout-out about our apps guide! It was a fun class, too!
With our luck.. Jail #Blazers then Frail #Blazers now Fail #Blazers next its Hail #Blazers, a bunch of awful 5 foot slow Neo Nazis.
I've been through a lot and have come out on top but still can't find Someone who sees me... If you have that person hold Them Dear.
There are so many great shops in St Pete.
this right here is a panty dropppaaaaaaa !
"My only task is to 'spit disgustedly.'"- Erica
Nice article Where's your next trip?
it's unprofessional and careless to imply or indirectly claim that you know how an entire institution feels about this hire.
Only visited once for a weekend. Was glorious. Didn't appreciate 45 degree/windy day for a Cubs game in May. But that's Chicago.
Oh #Mandy will u kiss me and stop me from shakin' ...and I need you! #barrymanilow thanks for the great meeting. see ya soon
im bout to swerve back around n take a pic .... Btw she str8
your so...-_- lmao how do you lose a number
updating linkedin profile
Wake n Bake!!!
and by works in hospitality, I mean he's CFO of company that insures nightclubs & bars...he's not joe redner or anything...lol
“It's crazy how: Monday is so far from Friday, but Friday is so close to Monday.” (via )
my mommy in laww can cook thouu
Senior year wasn't supposed to be like this .
can't wait to see what's been cooking at 's camp, check out the #SDLI hashtag for homegrown
Maybe you will be more enchanted when our pour-over bar comes to town.
Good luck today!
haha okay, why are you beauty and beast?
Las Vegas $10 off driveway cleanings in Sep/Oct go to vegaspressurewashing.com to find out how.
Ugh can't sleep :(
Would you be interested in doing a story on a diabetic disabled personal trainer who helps kids w/cerebral palsy& motivates ppl
Thanks again for visiting yesterday! If you haven't yet, we'd love your feedback at Yelp and Google Places!
No, I hadn't noticed this, yet. Thanks for pointing it out! Maybe we can host a west coast version in 2013? Let's think about it.
was great seeing u!!! & I got my hug! Love u!
--> I agree. However leaving a huge void in the middle east is not good.
OK That's done. Let's see if it'll preach
I Been Fat My WHOLE LIFE So Dem Jokes Dont Phaze Me. If U Wanna Hurt My Feelings Tell Me Coney Island Went Outta Businezz.
America WANTS to KNOW: JUST HOW MUCH will #GOP SuperPacs 'PONY UP' to BUILD A BRAND NEW CUBBY STADIUM in Chicago, NOW?!? #justsayin lol
Quality conversations are better than quantity of conversations. Networking tip from ,
how is everyone feeling
iPad for sure huh? I hear ya!
Tonight Don't Forget About The Only Salsa Class For Chicas Dance Studio. Its Ladies Styling! All Walk-Ins Welcome!
Bus came early today so my face is currently naked on the day I probably need my makeup the most
hey thanks! Hope yours was good too!
Bumped into David schwimmer w his very pregnant gf Zoe buckman. She must be do soon. He was rather camera shy
you'll have to be more specific
maybe you should still bring your air mattress in case we have anyone who passes out here :)
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you pales in comparison to what lies inside of you. ~Ralph Emerson
I kind of like that Flickr makes you click "Thanks" to acknowledge that a thing was done.
Kindly send me your email. Thanks
Everytime I try to tweet you.... you NEVER see it... Its been 8 MONTHS!!!!!!
LMFAO NASTY JEN!!!!! :P
I do not recall saying such a preposterous thing.
How is it i've drank the past 3 days in a row and lost 5 lbs!!! So glad I hit the Gym!
Now I have to decide if I want to battle evil or perpetrate it.... -Greg Plesur
Congrats to my seniors! Thanks for a blessed year
Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place. -- Billy Crystal
let the church say Amen! We totally need to talk tomorrow! Call me ASAP .love u
Then you'd hate my awesomely frequent use of the word awesome. Seriously, its my crutch word. Awesome.
Only something that would happen to a Seattle team...
In regards to what? Obama/Romney/Marriage? Time Magazine? Josh Hamilton?
But if you never try, you'll never know!
Addicted to entourage!
Moshcam Puts Thousands of Concerts On your iPhone
make a wish!!
enjoyed our get together last night! listened to book on eating animals while driving and felt a little guilty though :o)
You're cute ;)
Lose yourself in a moment and own it....
We're very glad to hear this!
that's so cool!(:
"The Big Bang Theory" makes me want to punch a baby.
What a shame.
I don't blame em I'll be by err Nigga ol lady house lol
rry I missed it...this will be easier when I can follow you!
RT : Great event this evening UM & Haas: Future of Innovation. Thx and soniqplay for making it even more fun
Williams' deal could come in around six years and be worth $96 million with $50 million guaranteed, according to league sources.
Not sure what I ate for dinner last night but I was pretty strong at the gym today. Bumping 310lbs with ease.
Just woke up from a nap and I'm wishing I wouldn't have woke up! #z's
AND I love the open mics : D keeping it alive and real
Pick your fave place and inspire us to travel there with just one word.
THE PULSE PRESENTS TECH N9NE AND MURS LIVE IN CONCERT AT MARQUEE THEATER THURSDAY MAY 21st! TEXT 9 to 98336 for YOUR tix!
Just watched your video. Did you get that job? Too funny
RT : Today is our winter gathering, talking the past and the future. 3-5:30pm on the west side. Are you coming?
#xfactor #astro too late. Wrong attitude for this business. Talent needs to be more well rounded.
Such ceremonies as sunsets, funerals, circumcisions, camp entertainment, children's songs, rites of passage, and other community occasions.
My right knee doesn't want to fully extend without pain. Why, knee, why? Sigh.
Number one...Happy Birthday to our resident craft pro and Ambassador to Honduras, !
I also find data curation
It's raining :)
You Should Come See Me 2dai Baby Moma
I feel so stupid I forgot that your first name is Ana Jeje hi sweety, how are you? :) Hope you are having a great weekend :3
thank you! Happy New Year to you, too.
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Wow so im guna have to learn french take all CAS classes& then my elective 1st choice gym& what sports i wanna do,highschool gunna b hard!!
Oh, and the Nats won tonight, but the Caps bowed out in a Game 7 overtime.
Why do you play fantasy sports? I've played for over 10 years now and still haven't figured out why I do this....
Im ready to film already!!
Ad campaign Twitter extension #advertising #sportsbiz RT : Baseball, hot dogs, apple pie &
I miss you, my little blonde vegetarian betch. Enjoy not having to come to work anymore! How many points did you leave with? Ha!
Love this one but it's so hard!! Marry: Tom Hardy OBVI, Fuck: JGL & Kill: Christian Bale.
yes but I don't!
u welcome n I kno but shit I'm going.thru
Let's plan on it. Small conference, shouldn't be hard to find each other.
ouch. What makes you say that about our printers? Always looking for feedback. Just launched two great new models.
Momentary breakout of Monty Python - thank you for "I'm a librarian, and I'm ok.... search all night and I talk all day" !
no need to tell Ashley what I say on here
The first year we didn't exhibit at #imagineRIT, since we graduated the incubator, but some our our team went with
You know you should probably clean your apartment when the ketchup in the fridge is expired.
Ever have a 'fuck was I thinking moment? '
aha who! I didn't know you knew how to bag??
You only get one life, and you may as well make it into a great one. You have little to lose and much to gain
I'm in need of a
Both LA teams lose after being up 3-1? I think so
Pheadra is just what ATL needed!
Thanks! I can't wait to release it :)
RT : So thankful we participated & met so met so many nice people Baby Shower event.
I don't hate anyone but fake people!
I know it's ridiculous....
What's up guys? I don't know what to talk about. Got any suggestions? (:
there's a photo going around Fb of their chicken... It comes out of a tube (guts eyes and all) is soaked in ammonia then dyed
"The idea on which all sound economics is based?" #WTF?!?! How do people believe this crap?
RT I am fairly certain that the first beer after a long day of travel is the best!
Mariah Carey says... Take A Look at Me Now!
Ok. Here's a great beat: Whisky Magazine's new US Contributing Editor-- "He will be covering Bourbons and other American whiskies..."
Thanks! We'll miss you! RT : Listening to "Vienna Waits for You" in honor of and Bon voyage, you guys.
": Chad why aint you following me yet lol" ha, sorry bro. I'm on it.
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music ? 6
thanks for the kind compliment!
The MARINE in me is fighting with the GOD in me. I don't take threats lightly. Especially directed to my seed! It's on!
Roger Clemens doesn't want his former teammates testifying at his trial. Details at 5:30 on
the upper peninsula.
thanks for the input!
I like am so worried for my best friend .
I'm DJing at Chi-Cha Lounge tonight in DC... Come by and say Hello!~ Best HOSE in the city!!
and You guys are great . Thanks for your help. Mucho Mahalos. ^dy
tweet back. Manual in my hand...
RT : BNBuilders is proud to be the Wine Sponsor for the Installation Dinner & "Ultimate State of...
Watching The Blind Side! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
I wish I could
got laughed at in class today
oh spicy v8 juice, lemon and lime
did i miss something ?
I'll just get one on my back then :p
and making history.
I also think a college education is a great thing, and that 'jocks' are often very smart people. But mix of 2 can be dangerous.
#FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE but wait your already are can I get a tweet/DM instead? (;
Good. I'll bring you in the loop as we move along.
I will make her first visit count tomorrow
RT : 1. Statement of learning goals is first priority 2. Match between learning goals and type of assessment
Be prepared for the official announcement for the Jezebel Press launch party in June. Coming very soon!
This Dodgers closer, Javy Guerra, is pitching like he wants to lose this game.
thank you so much Carlos.
for real though. They need to chill and hear her without her stupid auto tune. I've heard her live, it's just barely there.
Easy, albeit for very simple functionality (a calculator). The way you interact with objects is quite sensible once you get it. :o)
Kinetik Entertainment - Bringing you the hottest young artists from around the country!
Now that the Guthrie has been covered, which LORT theaters deserve the most kudos?
tonight i'd like us to take a moment to contemplate & celebrate the wondrous modern convenience that is the grocery store rotisserie chicken
No, they're $20... $5 goes to Marco's memorial fund.
YAY! is planning!
LA teachers were told, if you want programs restored- teachers need to take furlough days to pay for it.
Great meeting today with
The Wanted said no to an offer of collaborating with One Direction?! HAHAHAHAHHAHAA, bitches think they better or some shit? screw them.
We got an Apple TV this weekend - I am obsessed! and I are such nerds - so many electronics.
I got a 4-pack of #Leines #SummerShandy NEW 16oz cans hand delivered to me today.
Hey Aaron! You should check out They're a clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!!
I have an iPad. Only problem is I have a hard time keeping up with the games...I still want to give it a shot.
Tweet extensions just seem wrong. If you can't say it in 140, write an FN blog.
dana fisher: you can't do online ethnography without offline ethnography
when are your awesome headphones coming out! I wanna buy them so badly
DUSS is amazing!!!!
gets the award for best designed slideshow at #il2011 not that I'm the giver of that award or anything.
Congrats ESM's just the beginning...keep fighting I will always have your back
How did it go at the Showcase? I had a gig! Miss your face.
Follow Me Please! Congratulations for yours songs are fantastics Like you<U+2665> . Kiss:)
When "soloing" follow your heart!..it will lead you where you need to go.Make your instrument sing!
Spent the last 2 hours pretending to be 7 year olds with and !!!!!!
you can judge whatever you want. just can't get paid for it.
Sounds good! What time do you want to come over?
Leaving cigari di stanzi, north end boston. Great date night tonight.
At the bank. Are we having fun yet? Tired? Yes!!
haay chachi im a big fan :)
First day done on the slopes and my ass feels likes abused baby seal
My baby took 3 steps today :) so proud!
Day 33 of the #40daysforlife campaign and 496 babies have been saved so far. Praise the Lord!
Lol Aw thanks. I've always wanted to go to Paris. I hope you have an amazing time!! :D Make sure to take a lot of pictures!!
#fridayreads Norton Juster's Phantom Tollbooth. Just love it!
Ted Leo is covering "Angelfuck" right now.
Spending this perfect Easter Sunday finally seeing The Hunger Games. Kids killing each other for sport? The perfect Easter entertainment!
Bout to go to sleep. I feel sick as fuck.
rocking diamonds!!!!
Thanks to & for joining today on !
thanks C A Holmes. stark story.
I am so glad I moved those pizza's. I felt like the pepperoni was staring at me.
I need a nap so I popped in Casablanca. There's something comforting about black & white glare, war noise, & lost love. As Time Goes By.
Thanks for the #FF!
just had my first discussion with about my blog. Lucky you, it will be a reality soon!
hahah hell yeah
Hi! I'm a British musician performing at Mulligans, W Mifflin tonight from 8pm. Please come out to the gig!
Do you support rail in Wisconsin? If so, follow and let your voice be heard.
This is going to be a long horrid day I can tell already.
“: Yes, I know who killed me. Yes, I see the irony of the Head of Slytherin being killed by a snake.”
Beach Beauty and Top Model competitions going on NOW! Stay tuned for the final results!
My tweets are bipolar you say? well duh, check my diagnosis (: I'm not ashamed by it, just annoyed sometimes.
Dad watching American Idol: "This songs the shit. He's the shit. Oh shit."
Interesting fact... there are cars in our parking lot purchased for more than what I paid for my first house!
Pretty pumped for this Will Ferrell SNL.
#onw12 conference was FANTASTIC. There are so many enthusiastic, brilliant librarians in the world. Feeling inspired/exhausted.
Yes, I like strawberry but that doesn't mean I'm gay !!!! C'mon people !!! >.<
woman lie as well..
u mean ? Lol
what's worse, an essay-length paragraph or a paragraph-length essay?? because i really don't want to lose this 565-word paragraph
Thank you! <3
hope you have had a great birthday x
it's impossible to find a great place to live near BART
Everyone look at me a lot over the next coupla weeks cause I just shopped at Kohls!
cause ur hot y else lollol its a curse lol
Ye gotta go with Coop girl!
Yeah. What shocks me is that there are so many willing buyers.
lol i made it like yesterday :p
#FF thanks, I try to live it every day. have a great weekend.
where is the teen jam at?
Now. I'll be shocked if it's only just one you can find there.
Yeah, but if an unanticipated thing happens, you failed to expect it. You really CAN'T expect the unexpected. :-)
My teacher names her stuff. Her chalkboard is Gosling, her chair is Ryan, and her students are her little Bradleys.
I agree. You rarely get that out here, so I'm glad I brought it with me
I hate rain. It makes me feel like I need a shower ._.
because its a crazy news market sometimes..I say the same thing about Charlotte tho.. :)
yeah it doesn't feel so great
- Meet us at luch tomorrow to talk to other Regional Bloggers
Can't tell if synonyms or multiple choice. If it's multiple choice, which one won't scare the crap out of me?
add to the tour
. of course I am always game for more info! You can email literature to . Thanks!
I know right ;-)
Hi boys! xoxo
Congrats! It's great when it's finally over =)
; C.Y.B <333333
Happy easter, I hope you have a good day. (:
It is vital that when educating our children’s brains that we do not neglect to educate their hearts. – Dalai Lama
BIGG BOOTY HOEESSSS!!!!! JUMP WIT IT
I intend to and hope it will be a collaboration with another brewer or chef.
Humber throws a perfect game!!!!!! Unbelievable!
Mom is good, Cubs win, surf was fun, nachos didn't go nuclear this time, Wounded Lion basement show. Not too shabby, this life. Keep it up.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. – Albert Einstein
I know... I don't know why I'm up right now. And yes food does fix all!
i cant
Tomorrow starts the 2012 season at DallasBaptist! Have some #Patriotpride and support the boys in blue #PatriotNation PTWT
Why did the dolphin feel crabby? Because he ate too many crabs!
Don't just blame the UN. What are we doing? We don't expect them to have a plan for us, do we?
thank you for creating such talented respectful kids that are a pleasure to be around!! Loved seeing you! & YES, please soon!
work 3-9! come visit me :)
“: So Samoan is the same a Hawaiian?! #IGetThatALot hell no!!!” you're Samoan?
I met your uncle in new Orleans haha
looking for my ring you gave me (;
RT : Why Might A Publisher Pull Its E-Books From Libraries? by Laura Hazard Owen ()/paidContent...
i can't stop listening to vampire weekend lol
Me too!! Carmel sauce m had a GReat time hanging out with you yesterday. Ice Cream was perfect ending to our fun day!
I'm hungry. :T I want pizza.
I'm definitely curious. It's something I haven't had to think about in awhile. Keeping a file of tips for whenever I do.
The NOFX Pandora station is pretty much the best thing ever.
This summer, NIST and DOE will announce commty college grant awards to prepare bldg industry professionals for comm bldg retrofit campaign.
Massages make everything better :)
Thank you #IRIS for supporting our anti-bullying project!
HAPPY FRIDAY. GOOD FRIDAYS, HOPE YOU HAVE A NICE WEEKEND.
Really looking forward to Milwaukee this week and #ncph2012 #oah2012 . Are you going?
I wonder if he regrets his decision.
def still on the same page.. But also passing out slowly.
Bottles of Wine are 1/2 price tonight after 6PM
I might know someone. I just e-mailed her to see if she's interested. Will let you know if she is... ~Jordanna
Dang. Bring me back some of that gorgeous blue sky (just drop it off over California on your way home).
Congrats to #Aztec Women's Basketball for making it to tomorrow's MWC Championship!
^Joe Namath, New York Jets quarterback (Super Bowl I): "We're going to win on Sunday. I guarantee it."2
Ashamed of playing boyfriend on my ipod so I lower the volume and lock the ipod as soon as his picture shows
#SMCRockRoadTrip is on for Thursday night to attend the #SOBCon 2012 launch party hosted by #SMCChicago! (PlzRT)
: Goodbye Desperate Housewives. Thank you for 8 fantastic years! #Goodbye Wisteria Lane
anytime honored to serve ok's kids with you!
can't forget the Mark Smith walk-off in the bottom of the 10th giving Cordova & Rincon a combined no-hitter
Working on my John Jackson interview (stoked!) for next weeks to promote premier 9/20 @ Crest in Sacramento!
Remember to include #EBUS118 in your tweets to show up with class. Also, need space after DM and no a direct message
. Is a ban on civil unions the official NC Republican Party position?
is planning an errand laden bike ride! Getting out and enjoying the "cooler" weather. =)
Note to self. Lemon Bundt cake at Dark Horse. Also, they make a mean panini.
Hahahaha. Trimet pulls that same shit here. I started biking 2 yrs ago, and usually, it takes me the same amt of time as the bus.
i know i'll be graced with the presence of tonight but the true question is ... will the blind man see?
Nice morning at torah study, now just working on some tax forms and taking it easy. Might have to break out some work stuff later...
We are live on with right now !!!
I swear that I seen the other day...
post production house opening soirée
Woah! I've never done #ImagineAustin for a long time:l
Came thru and fucked with us at & Myself!!
i take the kids to play at holliday often, and always see groups w/grills. it's a decent option
trying to figure out how to install fedora on a box w/o a cd drive.
fall line coming in Oct!!! www.SMIRKCLOTHING.COM
Of course, girl. (:
Happy beautiful day and night :)
I told my story, and made history...
you're welcomee (: ,ohh & one questionn ,are you from the USA? ((:
watching #blindside right now on abc family :) best movie ever
No picture can capture the mood in the WI capitol like being there.
Everyone can crack their fingers their neck their back and even their toes but is it possible to crack ur ass??
32° The light snow that is falling is melting on contact. The gd stuff won't hit until l8r. I say good chance for game on!
2 hours early for work today. Oops.
TGIF! Might even whip up some songs this weekend.
How'd the consult go?
The meaning of the word Producing can be summed up in three simple words.........'Making it happen'
it seems there's no way to complain other than a civil rights complaint. There are plenty of issues in addition to the civ. rt.
enjoy your winnings like i will
Brazilian - "Favela Soul Party" Bollywood Cafe : 19th and Mission San Francisco Sat, January 1, 10pm
How the hell did 7 Nation Army by The White Stripes become a fight song for sports?
so like i keep losing followers.....
I wish I could like someone as much as I liked you.. Because I know I don't have a chance with you. I've been told by three others... :/
ill get my Dog > on YOU....Keep it up haa
What are you hiding? Release your tax returns!
What would you like to learn from DR? Connect | Learn | Succeed
Just went crazy at the private sale. Why am I so good at spending money?
hm... Dunno why the link is going to a generic photo page instead of the right one. Must investigate. :-/
gpoy RT : HOW IS IT PEOPLE DON'T UNDERSTAND HARRY IS MINE OR NIALL'S OH MAH GAH
I never make the first move...just saying.
Thank you for talking about you social media strategy to our Communications workshop!
Don't forget to sign up for free computer classes at the Main Library for the month of February.
Come on in and look through our bins for some Victory Records releases that MAY (one does!) contain a kewl koupon for a VR prize pack!
Pearl Izumi Men&#39;s Launch Jacket | Men Sports Coat
We love Mondays at AvantGarb!!!
What's up #abq? HAPPY FRIDAY! More
Hi, I'm a reporter w/, I saw your tweet abt ur brother being a Devils fan, can I talk w/u for a story? Thx, let me know!
Or how efficiently the house can get clean!
cleaning my room because I'm bored :)
Rise n shine. Have to get the day going.
All the shit I do for and she still acts like that!
you're so lucky omg when I give Ryan his cake on his birthday I think I'm gonna make a card with my twitter on it!
Local Honey performs on our patio tonight for the Paseo's First Friday Gallery Walk. Don't miss it, folks!
love isn't a plan. It doesn't have a certain beginning and it certainly has no end, or a visible finish line to those deeply in it.
Amen! RT amazing how much time/$ companies spend trying to game Social Media channels rather than adding value to them.
i gotta take a piss...i drank too much liquids
If ever I travel with my significant other in coordinating outfits, my friends and family have full permission to disown me.
I was heated from the recent loss. I apologize for any distress my response may have caused.
its snowing in Alabama and 65 degrees in DC!
#np Miss Me Now-
If you can get ahold of some EMERGEN-C and/or Airborne, they are BOTH miraclulous at staying off a cold while traveling - trust me!
Big group of rail supervisors (white shirts) walking down the platform at Glenmont. Dunno what they're up to.
Are you a heat fan too....fingers crossed.
Weekend plans? Not too early to think about grabbing some brews with your favorite people.
": ": theres no high like a morning high from that morning blunt!"// im sparkin up now" you beat me to it by a hour.
Massive attack! Massive attack! What's been done don't need no more say that's that aye!
is like fine wine she keeps getting better with age
cause it ain't how fast you get there, it's how long you plan to stay
Jesus is awesome, just saying...
10 year old Tyreke Thompson will be performing at the Sweet Auburn Festival this evening May 8- May 10th.
Take a deep breathe! Submit this issue to explaining how you accidentally deleted your grades.
Good morning sunshine!
Going to Magic in Las Vegas in August!!! So excited!!!
and I just found out that is performing in our green room in a couple of months. Stoked!
i need to try it!
Here starts a whole new adventure…whew!
Thanks for coming out last night! Great to meet you in person.
If you have Hello Kitty seat/head rest covers please punch yourself directly in the neck
Thanks to the great farmers at for the amazing donation of produce, meat and eggs this weekend. More than 350 pounds!
ugh #WTF?? my eyes have been violated lmaobvs.. but i still think yu look good tho ;)
I have to believe its not true.
THE HIDDEN, EVERYDAY THREATS TO THE SME SERVER ROOM
Jerome gone make me pop his head off
If My Bitch Cheatin I Hope God W| Her ! and i hope she got condoms lmao
Historic Anacostia is rocking!
hi George. Looking forward to hearing from you.
Enough is enough.
WTF you trying to say cause i got one on right now
thanks, girl! :)
Well now we need to get our hands on an ipad.
thank your for RT!
Time to celebrate Jax best young pros at #jbj40under40 event.
Would you like to help and do your part in keeping it that way?
Dave Williams Visit our company Facebook Page and enter the drawing for a free IPad 2. "Like" the page and click the Promotions tab on the …
in case my wifey is getting mad at me for not picking up my phone.... I left it at a bar last night! 0<=D
Dear Internet I hate you sometimes.
No one ever told me they were from Providence! RT : Me and laughing at Dumb and Dumber with fantastic verve.
well I'm sure when your not grounded joelito you will be able to EAT IT!!! Again lol
RT Announcing the official BIG DIRTY () Android app, powered by !
thanks man!
Cause you are married now and family has a whole new meaning.
He's a gentlemen, that's why.
Danger Dave is heading your way very soon
I sue cops, and I represent cops! I'm pretty fair!
Hello! Oh, yes, love ABQ. I just didn't need a house/housework/house maintenance any more :)
women's key and editing my NextReads newsletter. i'm a big fan of permission marketing.
Seabug will be livestreamed on G+ tomorrow! Follow Oscar Baechler on G+, hangout will start around 2 PM.
U probably thinkin im with a new broad every night, but then again ur probably
I'm on a spending freeze until vacation.
did you hear about zach?
Large up original Abyssinians (Ethiopians) & Kushites...Yes I, Original Kings & Queens...that our pickney know not of. TEACH De Youth ~SELAH
omgg... im in the doghouse for something I did that I don't know about.. haha
I love when someone posts a status, basically bashing gay marriage, and then see them dig themselves in a bigger hole. #noarguments lol
Sports betting chick hired by ESPN, used that to scam popular sports-themed FB/Twitter people with promises of big $ website.
oh my grande SAME! the world is so mysterious and i have so many Qs that have prob have no answers to! love u ariana!<U+2665>
My fave TNB show was tonight, what a way to go out.
My EX Still Wanna Work Things Out , HELL NO..I Wanna Find Someone NEW ;) <3
Also, sad to hear of the untimely passing of James Isaac, director of JASON X and HOUSE I. First FRIDAY director we've lost.
the kind of man that would break the heart of a woman like you does not deserve to be called a man at all! Just sayin
Are the bears even really trying right now
are you guys at school?
is there really a competition for that? lol you would take the prize on that award!
Thanks for following! See you in sometime soon...
This is very tempting!
I CAN'T WAIT FOR SUMMER CONCERTS!
Having the worst morning ever.
Here's hoping 'Karaoke With Ken' can also hit a 20-year milestone. #AALL12 (started in 1997, right?)
Writing epic dubstep.
#NYR. There is no substitute.
DRIVER TEACHER: "What do you do at a red light?” ME: "I usually respond to texts, check my emails & Facebook."
"That is All" looks a little bit #scary!
in the slow process of finding little bits of time to complete some demos and ideas-in vans, at home, in airports, bathrooms...
The law of attraction - we attract what we mostly think about.
hi could i get a follow back? :)
Uh oh. Mine was in Mexico for 7 days, home for 3 and now in Scotland for 9. I'm dying. And mildly pathetic. But I'm ok with it
oh wait, I got it! Dont nibble on the barrel, pull the trigger!
follow us please
Wait, really? This fugitive kidnapper's alias is Paco Rodrigass?
taking the fascinate back. too many cons and not enuf pros to keep.
How do you get holy water? Boil the hell out of it.
I wanted to be the first woman to burn her bra, but it would have taken the fire department four days to put it out. - Dolly Parton
Dear UPS delivery guy at my eye doctors office, I didnt need to know your vasechtomy reversed itself and now you have a 2 month old #TMI!
Even though i'm ridiculously sick, thank you god for letting me live another day!
I've been up all day...I haven't even sleep...i'm still on this bus going back home to Jacksonville, NC...I miss my bed. -.-
The facial hair on the left side of my face thinks I'm 14, the facial hair on the right side thinks I'm 17. The problem is I'm 22.
All good tho
Great jobs report. Let's see if we can turn business confidence into consumer confidence.
Two days isn't enough...
Can someone tel me wtf kobe bryant did?!??? I'm not near a tv!
aww, thank YOU for the retweets and comments. glad you enjoyed the post!
The relaxing tea is piping hot and we're ready for Happy (ness) Hour! Stop by from 4-6 today and recharge with some ear acupuncture.
Nice to hear from you. Great to have it behind us!
Anyone know if this is the first game Mike Dunleavy, Sr. has attended at the ?
I think I'm a convert to with honey. SO GOOD.
any luck with that shipping address?!
Save the Date: Sept. 23 GB Magazine's 4th Annual Perfect Pitch Polo to benefit SD Opera & SD Symphony at Polo Fields in Rancho Santa Fe!!
where in the world is and
Good morning! How was your weekend?
#YouKnowItsReal wen u feel lik u gotta b faithful to a person and u not even with them
ok gonna go watch austins youtube covers peace:) <3
as we near the halfway point of 2012, the odds on favorite for best tweet responses in my world is hands down, 100%
I'm feeling so good today! I missed you guys! Live. Love. Dance!
heyy veee , can you follow me ? :D
He makes me smile!...
thanks for the previous tweeted information.
good morn'n queen happy happy friday
what time? I will be across the street at 2pm
lol I just don't want people to see when I talk shit about them aha
Eyes bleary from too much screen time, off to to hear women talk about being geeky/entrepreneurial females.
- that is FANTASTIC! Thanks so much for listening, for being moved, and for being part of the change for homeless kids!
After this Theraflu I'm goin'a lay in bed, a phone call is welcome.
#Panthers score 4 unanswered goals to take the lead! #Devils looking like the #Pens right now
Half day of work tomorrow, for dinner, then the Brad Paisley concert. Can't think of a better Friday!
Gettin my hair done!(:
Spread the word! Express Lube is giving away CENTER COURT FRONT ROW SEATS to a Spurs game. Visit www.expresslube.com to enter.
it was Awesome, you both look'd really cute, xoxoxoxo
I also really liked Vertosick's Natural History of Pain. Am reading Atul Gawande's Complications.
Merry Christmas
Sometimes Architects don't get design respect either. Aren't all dry FAR calcs & fire codes.
with my wife <3
because you cool like that.
Shows that he really cares
Am back
I WOULD IF I COULD!
When I'm down. Musicals always brings me up.
": #Next2Naked Is Only A Couple Of Hourse Away"
“The word “Equality” shows up too much in our founding documents for anyone to pretend it’s not the American way. - M. Plimpton
- language to you, hostile workplace environment to me.
After 2 disappointing losses this past week, will #Barca make a comeback today? Watch with us live at 12:30pm!
Just moved in? Make sure to fill out your check-in sheet thoroughly! If its on there, you can't be charged at move out! Take pictures too!
replace the words sorry n hot
“: Didn't John Maniaci have a cup of coffee there? And John Hart
look ma, no pants!
Spent last 3 hrs dealing with "a criminal malware gang [who] is uploading backdoor hacker shells to victimized users."
Howard's Business Hit: Joe Toy (HawaiiNewsNow) - Howard has an in depth tourism update! He 's joined by Joe Toy, CEO of Hospitality Advis
Get out of your own way and stop searching for obstacles that aren't there! No excuses today!
lol yeah I just completely forgot to text you!
if phillip phillips gets illiminated tonight on american idol i will flip shits
Cottonwood High School --sorry, the news release the DA sent said Cottonwood Heights High School, so I posted CHHS
Woaaah, I am lmao. I'm sorry haha. and you're too kind ahaha.
so are you c:
Casting male models today in the office. Thinking of every possible excuse to go downstairs and casually walk by....
Boys up first! So nerve racking. Brian starts it out, good luck !
cool tip, thx! MT : prefixing a google search with ~ finds synonyms for the main search-term automatically.
Don't wanna break your heart, wanna give your heart a break.
I see you Cassie! :D “ Benched 130!!!!#Beast”
Busy weekend and stressful day now to go play some more music
I'm not sure what I just ate, but it sure tastes better than traffic.
It's funny when people think i'll change who i am just because they don't like who i am XD! LOL well guess what... IDGAF :)!
Busy day! Cmte. meetings, testified before board, met MD Anderson Prez Ronald DePinho, and Exec Director Phil Wilson.
I'm enjoying the new iPad app so much that I don't even care that the music is playing out of the crappy iPad speakers.
I just got the if I had a hammer thing. Clever :)
stay classy<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
how you been doing?
how have you been :)?
Buy Agora Forte's "Monuments" on iTunes and Amazon, it's well worth it!
psh do you live in south fl?
I wanna be a guidance counselor again. I miss my kids :'c
Medical Hospital Sales candidates - send me your resume if interested in Saracuse, NY or Gainesville, FL position TOP $$$$
My first AND last time flying Spirit airlines--a $40 fee FOR A CARRY-ON!! Not an extra carry-on...just my one little suitcase.
yeah, i'm actually still up.. just finished my homework.. like i don't have anything to do tomorrow.... UGH! Gotta catch up on sleep.
Time to smoke a bowl haha
“: I AM SO READY FOR BARCELONA!!! is June 15th - 17th … who else wants to go with and I? I wish I could.
The bus driver got hungry jumped off and got some damn McDonald's what the hell is on her head #smh I got no time gotta be at work soon
Loud as I've heard the RG in years right now.
Just cousins? In those "states" anything goes! You saw Deliverance didn't you?
auntie its me and u yesterday. . . But i teach ur students futbol sha
just made the best damn sweet potato waffle I've EVER tasted on God's green earth!!!!
Still can't get over 20 Brix from last night. A good restaurant gets everything right.
Tennis tournament tomorrow!
Good Luck Natasha !! Have a great run !
Thank you for your membership!
Thanks for the RT! You've always been one of my favorites :-)
Hanging out at music studio is like seeing sausage bein made
Drinking a well-earned martini from the top of the Excelsior Hotel. Fantastic view. Suspicious men watching me, but I think I'll survive.
Any friends out there work as a web developer/programmer that would be willing to design a website? There is pay involved! :)
I HATE minecraft spiders.
I decided go out with my friends tomorrow!! Aww Playtime
Let's go Detroit Tigers! Woo, Woo!
One day you're going to need me, and my response is going to be "Fuck you".
Ya they need to be cleam while i'm doing tonight on a table hehe! (;
RT ": Ok #Milwaukee, the #BrewCrew start in an hour! It's a perfect night for $2.50 TallBoys!"
The rich are getting richer, but are you.?
Watching a show on lightening with my son's electric guitar resounding in the backroom. Wishing it was quiet but glad he's being productive.
hm, now you're making it hard. My original plan was seeing but sold out.
those better contain cannabis!
sorry,i just needed to get mad at someone and you were the closest to my Last Nerve.
last night I was on an airplane and I was reading a sky mall magazine! I was thinking of how you were obsessed with the sk ...
Seeing "What's Wrong with Angry" starring the very talented at the Celebration Theatre!
What a goal Pouliot!!!
There's room for a cross-media perspective of the ad film genre. -Julia Noordegraaf
what's wrong with that?
When I worked at ad agency in '80s we had the Head account. They'd moved beyond skis by then.
Are you going to be number 8 again this year?
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Ross Bennett
Why do birds walk as if they've just entered the club?
Last final done and Spring semester officially over; on to Summer session and UVA orientation!
I would like to place an order for one of those for my bf's bday next month! :)
Not enough!
biebersbakery came up with it :D
#zacbrownband tonight bitches
I'm sure you did. Because you got bitch in your blood. Your mother should have raised you not to be such a stupid little bitch
Poop on ya chest
he touched me softly, gently on my head then carelessly to my back
i love this bad girl ; my type of bad girl [;
everyone better vote for #RNG one of the sickest crews there!(:
Got the job offer for my new job with Air Wisconsin Airlines. Moving to Portland, Maine in about a month :)
Want easy way 2 Volunteer? Any student #coloradosprings just take a photo of park near you.
Congrats to Steve Bertrand, the communicator of the year!
I'm so glad my mom was able to come visit, but I wish she could have stayed longer. It always sucks to say goodbye!
no not you, you're alright in my book
haha no way!!! I do all the time sir!! :) Charles is always open!
The office is surprisingly quiet this morning...
Goingg To Mayfairr Mall With To Try On Dresses For Formal :)
i think ive bewn on twitter very long ,good bye twitland come on later
I had a great bottle of your '82 last week - love cannot get deeper than this!
I swear most people are so brain dead! Oh and stupid.
It feels good 2kno that ur the [ONLY] one I want.. <U+2661>
Is this your mantra? MT : When life gives you sour grapes, make wine. Feel better now?
lol i'm in ATL where Justin Bieber lives:)
Savor it. It's one of the last times you're going to feel REALLY accomplished in a while...
William Levy is in the finals. Bad news for Driver.
Nope just your party shoes///“: Do I need to bring anything if I paid for the tickets online? #NOVAswag”
Cookies just landed at City Market and at Capitol Hill...
3 DAY WEEKEND
I JUST WANNA DANCE HERE ALL NIGHT LONG
It takes two to speak truth, one to speak and another to hear
Why is Sony offering Identity Theft Protection as a premium service for PlayStation users? Is this a joke, spam, or scam?
You meet thousands of people&none of them touched you,then you meet one person and your life's changed forever :,) -love and other drugs
yoo u down to hit it up??
hey Austin if you are gOing to do another cover you should do the full cover of not just you by Cody Simpson please :) luv u
Immunization worked so well for my daughter, when she got it was very mild. Only was itchy & uncomfortable for about a day.
I'm printing on t-shirts that aren't black today.
The Society for Human Resource Management has found that the economy has negatively affected employee benefit plans
Dang I'm bored!!! WELP listening to nicki Minaj always get me hyper
isn't it on coral way..not bird..which is 40th. You suck at directions lol
#MondayMood check in. Mine: b real! Yours?
We'll look into adding both cities, thanks for the heads up!
you can come play a round with me today... In Chicago.
Williamson Co DA Bradley is the biggest threat to Texas maintaining the option to use Capital Punishment.
Leave it up to the radio to fuck up one of your favorite Songs
Oh #caps, I know you're tired. Score, pls!
Continue being an agent of change, it starts inward and spread like wildfire...luvyamuch!!!
I love it when guys know how to treat a girl <3
Okay time to get back to these reviews! Twitter is such a distraction.
“: Absolutely! Best time of the year!” I hear you on that.
Needs a Mocha frappe!
Whoa, is an #AHA2012 all star with his review of the conference.
Why is Capps in? This is the second tie he's blown so far this year.
Thanks for sharing this! ICT doesnt equal democracy
unoffically declared one of our primary sources of inspiration - for all time.
For the first time since Thursday Adam Dunn didn't strike out, too bad that also fell on an off day
Dijon vu: the feeling you've had this mustard before
What's up my man? I hope all is well. Keep in touch...
It seems like every time you come up something happens to bring you back down
Thanks for swinging by the Oyster Last Night! How was everything?
Life may bring us down but never to the fullest cause as soon as I recover I'm back at it like nothing never effected me.
really? That's BADASS Danielle's Gorgeous, Brazil ;-)
I'm on that #Psychadlic Funk Tip 2day...feeling #damngood about everything that's happening with JenoLo 5 days till
That Honda commercial is hilarious. With the little kid asking every question under the sun
I just turned it off, I felt bad. It was so funny though. Hahaha.
seriously im messing up looool
on that note, the train # in The Happening was a nod to Dylan, am I right?
We have fun magazines (Sports Illustrated/Entertainment Weekly) across from the newspapers in Zimmerman if you need a break :)
If anyone wants to join the #RObot Twitter Team& help take over the world tweet your City and State & they will hook you up!
it's really well made for a free game and it is super addicting
where were ya? I pretty much got most of what I wanted. You?
: Ah! TY! Was @ restaurant. Introduced 2 man. Man says, "You do traffic?". I say, Yes." Man says, "O, I like Kajon Cermak!"
Just finished first programming class. Holy testosterone batman!
yes I saw the engagement!
Conf: Children, Media & Race: Exploring the Implications of Racial & Ethnic Differences in Media Use Among Children & Youth
Hello everyone! I'm Patricia (aka Suzi) and I do #prospectresearch !
A dog in distress often indicates a problem that may need immediate attention.....
Botticelli's Birth of Venus?
House cat flu or bird flu? What would be worse?
“: #1790. Be nice to taxi drivers, bro. If you lose something in their cab, you might not get it back.
What ^ P.C
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 7
coolest book title of the day so far: "the boy who cried abba". Suppose he dances too?
Paige loves my truck too :)
What do you make of all this media hype surrounding the UK-IU game? It seems way over the top to me?
Yes! Go Blackhawks!
Follow my new twitter cuz I'm deleting this one soon!
overly dedicated.
RT God is GOOD everyday ««« indeed
To jort, or not to jort?
RT ***Starting Tomorrow, TEMA will pay your sales tax through the end of APRIL 2011.***
Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity. - Hippocrates (via )
Finish Christmas shopping. My daughter going to have a wonderful time. I'm excited for her.
Happy mothers day to all mothers out there! Natural, biological, adoptive, spiritual, etc.... May you have a blessed day!
Classic RT : t.r.o.y. *cue the horns*
amen have a favor n joyfull day..
Beautiful muscle babies they would be!
This would be where he plugs RT : : Kpark had a lot to do with Yates not looking like Yates yesterday.
Everybody meet on the 1st floor of the UC tomorrow morning. Buses will be leaving at 7:30am sharp!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No exceptions
Only 4 more hours in my 10 hour shift woohoo
I'm extremely ready to start my damn summer.
where I come from rain is a good thing ;)
you look hot check us .com for a cham\nce at 50k and a modeling contract
lmao i worked with a kid who asked me what kind of cheese comes on a cheesy CHEDDAR burger. Lmao i was like GTFO
I miss u sister <3
Off to a working lunch with my research group. M food! M coded transcripts!
Do you know what this salad needs? Cheese. And meat. And a hard-boiled egg.
Congrats to all my friends graduating out at #umass !!! Proud of every one of you!!!
So excited to watch boardwalk empire... I wonder If the premier is the 18 mil $ episode! I have high expectations
I love you!!!
I hope soo
Wish the designers fashions were made in the USA then I would be buying them. Could be really great pr, made in USA!
Love those doors!
and Rachel, you girls are my life and I love you with my entire heart. You are the best<3333333333
Increase communication by using open ended questions.
my neighbor is selfish. He uses the front of my house as a personal parking lot by moving one car & parking another. Its terrible!
We love each and every one of you!
I have babe :) xx
Fun Facts Friday! The human eye blinks an average of 4,200,000 times a year.
We leave in 3 days for #inaug09. Driving from Wichita (airport code ICT) to Wash, DC, for
yo Bridget, someones looking a bit sexy in their picture (;
Get ready for some classic rock with Kevin Jacobs and Terry Brock starting at 830!
Again, again, again, again, again!
RT dialogue is not one person bulldozing into a discussion that's been going on for years then acting like participants are stupid.
omg! Be a model please :) i'll post 2 pics of them for ya. They're little. People tell me to get big ones. I am not coverin
melts my heart..
Beginning to understand why people love -- the amount of cool content is simply amazing!
Happy St. Patrick's Day - if the drinking holiday isn't your thing, Pintxo is your respite! Drop by for tapas and sangria!
TMOY is outstanding start to finish.Rabbit's Foot is awesome.Great writing, great execution / production.MMB never fails!
i'd have to agree, no thanks. hmm, I say me + you = mcdonalds date?
haters might chatter but we aint really trippn tho
Woohoo empty train. Looks like everyone went home early. I did too! It's only 5:30.
"Rich and poor have this in common: The LORD is the Maker of them all" -PROVERBDS 22:2
A's giving Chris Carter more ABs. Not sure if serious or trying to laugh to keep from crying.
its a shame smh. I really dont see this helping his election. I dont judge homosexuality but I dont agree with it
Oh those are great! Thanks :)
Kids playing yu-gi-oh in the music commons <<
Dayumm love it when mofos think dey got 1-up on me!
thanks for the "Higher" album! Blessing!!
some new great sounds out here
Why are people still setting off fireworks in this neighborhood in August?? My dog is terrified.
yes can we?
#RyanKennedy will be heard
it was a great game. Both teams played their heart out. KY was just unreal at FT line.
I have known them all already known them all. Have known the evenings, mornings, afternoons. I have measured out my life with coffee spoons
huhum no props!!
I can't wait either
There was history between us.... But now your just history!(: buhhbyee
A freeze is expected tonight! Make sure your pet stays warm and has plenty of clean, non-frozen water.
hahaah....now that's just funny.
awesome show last night, the sound was great, thank you to all that came out! plus a great picnic day overall!
Weekend double feature? /
Still dragging from last night just enough time for Starbucks then a Show!
Thanks for the recommendation. Have a great weekend.
Happy Easter!!
Take a risk..take chance..make a change and BREAKAWAY<3
next to Nye and st. Patties day its one of the craziest days in Denver... Everyone is high and smoking in front of cops lol
I just got a critical care paramedic on my volunteer staff. The people in this city are so amazing.
Just played a soccer game; now on my way to Chick-Fil-A for my brother's 6th birthday(:
Yes, yes it does. RT : since is playing here on my 21st birthday does that mean i get to party especially hard or...
I miss you
Tonight's rainout constitutes a moral victory for Red Sox Nation.
Being alone with your own thoughts for too long can seriously make you go crazy.
I talk so much shit.
yea i do also
I have to FF this part, I am not about to watch her roll around on the ground crying...smh
judging a person does not define who they are, it defines who you are
Prone to wander, Lord, I feel it, Prone to leave the God I love; Here’s my heart, O take and seal it, Seal it for Thy courts above.
Unscramble this spy word and reply or DM me your answer and I'll DM you the #CovertTU password! The word: GRATET
Thanks for the follow Classic Theatre (ClassicSA)! :)
prop 8 ruled unconstitutional, karen handel out of a job, & countless RWNJs with panties in a bunch. not bad for a tuesday.
thanks, Laura!
wow people that talk shit and cant say it to my face ! stupid mother fucker !
It's worth spending a Christmas wish on. RT : just filled out my application for keeping my fingers crossed!!
Thank you to those that tuned in to our stream. We will be doing again shortly.
2day A/M & I honored 3 great Queens women: A/M Cathy Nolan, civic leader Eartha Washington, APAC head Taryn Sacramone
People are still falling for the "someone said something horrible about you" Twitter scam?? How?
No. 9 Duke defeats No. 5 North Carolina, 85-84. Austin Rivers hits a 3 as time expires.
I hide it well. My shameful past. But some friends in San Francisco still think I am!
Now that a few people are following me, I feel this pressure to have something to say... Hello, for starters.
Jammin to christmas songs!!(:
Once oupn a time. Once upon what time?!
I know it was about a week ago, but thanks for the RT!
A Horrible Way to Die. Pretty incredible selection but definitely not preferable to streaming. 12 dollars for 3 movies. Included
so all we have to worry about is slick roads tomorrow from the snow?
PLEASE ANSWER MY LAST QUESTION CAUSE IM A DIE HARD MAHOMIE N I REALLY WANT TO WATCH U PERFORM LOVE YEW MAHOMIE FOR LIFE
Weather's been going crazy today. It was cold then rainy now it's warmer and sunny and we're really just looking forward to 5 o'clock.
Miss America Laura Kaeppeler just gave a rousing rendition of God Bless America. Crowd loved it.
Facebook IPO Expected Friday | New Jersey City Bans Texting and Walking | Yahoo Interim CEO Oversaw Myspace Acquisition...
Blake Griffin looks like a werewolf. Still cute tho'.
Ok fine!/:
MDR! Welcome to Twitter. :)
I had an EKG and a sonogram of my neck yesterday to check the blood flow, so I'll know in 3-5 days. It sucks. :[
Yes, round two. does #rootwire also come with a complementary 9am wakeup call?
Who are you spotlighting? Donors, beneficiaries ...
A nice bowl full of power outages today, with wire and equipment theft like a cherry on top!
all day, everyday B)
Hopefully we can get some shooting in!! With
So glad you enjoy it! :)
happy mothers day to all the moms who work their butt off for raising us kids:) Show your mom how greatful you are 4bring you in this world!
still feel kind of sleepy
That annoying ass feeling when your hair on your legs begin to grow back <<
I'm Mindless Alright lol
Lacy Green is rocking Tunes today. There's dancing on the lawn - come join in!
Great blog highlighting ChildFund and Nokero's partnership to illuminate children's lives.
why wasn't I informed of this!!?
haha no prob I dozed off also
He's one of the few people who would be very excited about steroids, RT: If Michelangelo were alive today...
My parents where both so hot, ughh
Thanks Scott! RT : #TT shouts to my friends Got a question about #freight or #logistics? Call Blue Grace today!
no issue whatsoever. What position did you land?
We'll be right back after this short union break...
Where is my prime rib? lol don't forget the au ju and horse radish lol :)
Tell dem boys I gt sum game I can sell em
Great find!
What covers would you like to hear from us?
Looks like we're having a boy! Spencer James it is!
miss yall too. Quit talking to me so figured u didnt care for what i had to say. Glad to know yall r doing well
On the radio last night, heard this lady singing about a boy who won't write a Christmas list because "God is my Santa Claus." Yikes.
God's will is not always the easiest, but it is always the best
when are you coming back to NC.? (:
I just wanna go home and get in my own bed....this sucks...Im exhausted and club Hilton just wont let me sleep.
I'm scared of alot of things..
tim salmon?
The BOTB show saturday is mostly metal bands... Hmm... (O_o)
Don’t Leave something Good to Find something Better . Once you Realize you Had the Best ; The Best has Found Better . <3
Western & Southern Financial Group, with 10 offices in IND, are looking for Sales rep. Top 100 US Training Programs. Visit them!
I hate mondays! And most of all, i hate northside. *-*
I love sake!!!!!!! Woo sushi
ok will do
wow! That's awesome! Congratulations!
I question why me and are friends sometimes she's mean :(
...With the sharpeners on the back.
cough drops work
April 1st kicks off our 30 Math Mentor Texts in 30 Days!!! Start following us today & begin adding to your math classroom library!!! :)
The Love of God does not condemn but offers hope, peace, and salvation
wait, for who?
Finally got home and started watching the Bulls game. When I started, we were down 12. We're now tied. They can thank me later.
that's if you have good thespian skills, if you don't we may end up taking away your sandwich.
Touring anchor steam brewery!!!!! When is the tasting?
Well I wasn't home, and I think racing is boring :P
ion wanna time travel no mo
so. Does it neg8 the fact that it's true tho lol
Tsunami warning for Hawaii. Two meter wave expected to hit a little after 3:00 AM.
Gotta head to class now cos i got to make my hommies proud
My Favorite #Finance follows!! #FF if ya don't know well...
You went from my TOP 5 to my Remaining 5.
A plumber had to come in this morning to work on the toilet in the bathroom in our classroom. He found a water bottle down there.
Is that a fat joke...
Rules for building a strategy: make it fast, transparent, actionable and synthesize
Thanks so much for the comment. Glad you like the jewelry.
if you like Addams Family watch the original episodes on Hulu. So funny & quirky!
Sometimes I wish I had a pair of big boobs... My life would be so much easier
Yah! RT : BIG Spring/Summer April , May , June
Sure thing :-)
4ALL PEOPLE: International Women's YEAR Challenge: Repeat it + BELIEVE it; "I am absolutely gorgeous. I am totally perfect exactly as I am."
thanks for ushering! hope you liked the show. :)
that AMAZING moment when Austin Mahone tweets u bak xD (: luv ya Austin!!
You is kind, you is smart, you is important.
MUSE journal Philippine Studies: Historical and Ethnographic Viewpoints, new subtitle reflects focus on history as a broad field of inquiry.
Baby it's cold outside! Come in warm up with a free glass of house wine
Pop Stop Popcorn is opening 04-01-10 at the Galleria @ Sunset Mall in Henderson, NV! Come "pop" by soon for fresh popcorn and cold drinks!
I didn't realize 8 year olds were allowed to work the cash register @ subway. This one wasn't very quick about it.
Stop giving them open shots
Nobody knows it but me :-\
Casket Lottery killed it last night!
you're one of the people that i would love to manage me!
Certainly enjoyed her whispering "Just so you know, you're not too old for me" in my ear, but what I meant was, you're too young for me.
Apparently shouldn't watch football with alarm on. Excessive whooping will set it off. At least I hope that is what set it off...
~ Well in spirit, in spirit fellow Gemini! xo Happy Birthday Month to you also:-)
thanks for playing our song "Wanted the Illist" in the mix
It's not that we're antisocial here at #AWP. It's just that our lattes need chairs of their own.
As of September 7th, DT2 will be only be open Friday through Sunday from 10 am to 5 pm. DT2 will still be open Weds the 31st and Sept 1st.
Did you find them?!
yeah they are like firefighters and cops except they don't provide any service other than playing gym and taking big checks.
If #TheRaven ends with #Poe saying, "Nevermore, you son of a bitch," I just hope I never see that scene.
Is good. Should cc:
Listen to this story on All Things Considered tonight!...
"Digging" for previous sonic histories may not require going down, but rather looking at the surface, and looking up.
hi to you guys! How are you? Its been a while. I actually need to tell you something. Will call you this week.
Alright, I am now pissed off enough. I need no more instances of getting pissed off to keep me from registering a domain.
Dear GetGlue: Uh-oh.
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP[
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. Epictetus
Baltimore bartender & cocktail revivalist Brendan Dorr on Midday Eats with Hong & Shields, 1 pm
thanks for allowing me to leave the city without shoving food down my throat. I'm now eating my own flesh for the next 8 hrs.
Soo much going on! Loving auditioning and have a lot of projects going on!
I hope my house can be as nice as theirs some day...
o girl yew friskay
Hate wen bitches walk around wit the /stuck up face like erbody n the world wanna holla get a personality then u can feel like u the shit
[Campus Bulletin] Now that cooler weather is here, we'll be saving energy by turning off all housing A/C until March.
Thanks it really was a great turnout! Let's hear it for #TechInMotion and #techinmotionphilly!
what's that
You can't soar with the eagles if you hang out with turkeys.
#Thingsthatiwanttohappen LeBron James get a ring, Kentucky Basketball put 6 players in the 1st round, and Kobe finally get his 6th!!
Life lesson: Ladies: If you let em sperm in ya. You might grow a baby. Guys: if u do the spermin. You just might make a baby.
Gig 'em AGGIES! #ugh What brings you to College Station?
flash forward is even more mind blowing watching it the second time through.
what will you be doing then? By the way you created the best game ever man thanks a lot for all the work you have done!
I may have just won the lottery
Tim Howard. A goalie. Scored a goal. From across the entire field.
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 35
HEY TWITTER FAM!!! JUST WAKING UP WANT TO THINK GOD FOR WAKING ME UP THIS MORNING..
If Chelsea plays like this in the Champions League semifinal against Barcelona, this group doesn't stand a chance.
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up, they have no holidays. ~ Henry Youngman
Ann Cheng of talking TOD. Good community involvement and data is key. parking gets overlooked.
This steak tastes like pot.
You get to see that Francisco meltdown?
HEY GUYS SAY SOMETHING! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Thanks, I'll be anxiously checking my email later today and will flip out if I get one! :) Obvi, I'll tweet to let you kno!
#NBAChamp The #Bulls beat the #Thunder in an epic 7-game series.
with who
Hanging at house...took a nice nap. :)
How about "She" and not a "He"?
I'm so cool now
Roasted chicken with veggies for dinner and now fresh brownies and ice cream for dessert.
You should never cry over someone who isn't worth your time..
Its Cold!!!
Two hours til magic class. Talking about the victory cartons tonight. :)
Just saw the movie Think Like a Man. It exceeded my expectations. Great movie! stole the show! He was hilarious!
About to record in this studio at Alisha (:
This game is kind of the shit!
haha. just woke up. recovering : /
Thank you for the dispensation!
I am, but I miss hanging out. Will drop you a line when I'm back. Hope the meds help the Iz! XO
If it can be done, there's a doc that will do it!
A dip in my cold pool this morning helped alleviate some of the #PFX12 hangover :-)
You talked to me, I smiled. I laughed and everything I've ever hated about you was forgotten in an instant.
Today's #vinyl buys part 2: Arthur Lyman: Paradise (Crescendo), The Everly Brothers: All They Had to Do Was Dream 1957-1960 (Rhino Records)
Thanks for the follow!!
It was Tyler. He probably thought it was lipstick.
you go girl! #Miami2012 :D Like our Facebook page!
Go Chelsea! FA Cup winner...
Hug me, hug me. Kiss me, squeeze me.
Oh I agree, but honestly I have no idea what motivates voters with this award anymore. Maybe exposure, but who knows.
It was pretty brutal, but I made it through the first night... You making it to Shenan's Mon? Def make a game asap...
As reflected by that last tweet, due to travel/schedule conflicts I've had to reschedule this months' office hours to 5/23.
Get some free BlancaWhite Resurgence of Rock stuff at State Farm Arena tonight at Styx, Nugent, REO concert. Look for Q94.5 van. Rock on!
Lmfao! Everyone is done at this cookout lol
i would go so hard in a bakery right now.
I <3 no matter who he shares commercial with See u in Chicago!
said: "I've used up all of my sick days so I'm gonna call in dead" <--tha's funny
That's offensive.
How did I miss this announcement? This is awesome news - can't wait! :-)
": "You get that right tickin' rhythm man & its ON!" Fats Waller #jazz #music"
me too most of the time! But you should try youth.
After a week of working 3 jobs I would like to simply sleep but I been up since 7am. At least I #working from home.
They say that if you are bad in this life, you re-encarnate into a 'Nickelback' song in the next one.
SAT word of the day: trenchant (adj.) effective, articulate, clear-cut
Again Still Can't Put His Team On His Back When They Need It. MVP Of What? All Hail The #KingOfNoRings COUGH COUGH CHOKE
So much city, so little time! We heart NYC.
Correct. RT : So that you never have to consider drinking it again?
nothing to do all day
There's only one aspect of what Hip Hop is, and that shit you listen to ain't.
Happy Homecoming Day #Spartans!
Well I'm not gonna talk to you anymore cuz this is stupid. *hang up* - Matt G.
if you like heroes and academies, then YEAH, it is totally cool.
Straight not narrow
27 days till pretty little liars! #soexcited <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Rock Hall Induction Concert at The Q 2night- George Clinton & P-Funk followed by Kid Cudi.
In terms of predicting outness for LGBT Latinas/os we found that age, gender, education and income did not matter.
SAME! RT : Can't stop listening to Willie's cover of "The Scientist."
#sleepy, goodnight tweeters !! Xx
we r hanging in his family room. Eating pizza. Me bstew and ray. Talking about Iowa. Love it
JLO will be presenting the 84th Annual Academy Awards. In other words...more Fiat plugs please!
Good mornin all my sexy followers!!!<U+E032>
Vikings are getting a new stadium!!! Cost is 1 billion bucks!!!!
yo-wuts ur email so i can send u sum crack muzik
#lifeisgood I got on #pandora, sun is out and I'm cleaning windows outside!!
I'm here now my nigg
that dream will soon be a reality
It's never to late to make a difference, exercise your right to vote!
These "Are you this close to Jesus?" stickers on cars have given me an idea. Lemme go make a "Are you this close to Beyoncé?" sticker.
we weren't born to follow, you gotta stand up to what you believe.
someday you won't get stuck being the last panel presenter...
what are ur plans for today babe;)
For as much as you tweet about Dr Pepper you should know there is no period after Dr.
please dunk on #Lebrick James.
I don't care about exploring. i am not an explorer nor am i going to be one. therefore information about exploration is highly irrelevant.
Changing password to 'incorrect' so my computer tells me my password is incorrect when I get it wrong.
A key criterion seems to be divisiveness, and what's more divisive than the Non Blondes?
girl well lets get together this weekend...
can I play it on my phone?
You're a coward till the end
He's much less polished and a little erratic but physically he's on Patrick Willis' level. Oozing potential if he matures.
"get your head outta your ass. calm down & figure it out." lmfao, that's the perfect thing to tell a 10 year old.
#BillMillersBBQ with my parents
Overcast day with the smell of incoming rain...love it!
Send it to me on skype.
Bitches saw the movie without me SOFT
back staircase...
hahahah you should write for Barry! split milk joke was awful.
Had a moment of panic when TV guide showed "Fear Factor" instead of tonight's #FLdebate; how could I bear missing such a rare event??
Children in juicy track suits freak me out.
i just followed you..:D
*sidenote* who remembers Tracie Spencers version of "Imagine"? Who remembers Tracie Spencer? I loved her!
lol he is done RT : I like Mangini but I really want to hit the same bong he does.
Hi Belinda I'm the editor for #HighGlitzLounge. Would like to interview you about your reign and platform.
The result of this shift in shopping patterns is that the internet has tended to make every marketplace more efficient
Ohh! SO TRUE! I'd much rather be in my bed than on my couch!
Pinnacle Airlines Corp. COO John Spanjers to Succeed Sean Menke as CEO Effective June 1
Happy Fat Tuesday, the day people drink like theres no bottom and dress like theres no top! thanks !!
Are you the victim of a recent crime? FOX 12 can tell your story. Drop me a message if you have a story idea!
You must be talking about the one and only #ATHF!
it was decent. That makes it way better than anything else I've had here.
Haberdashery is a dying art.
no I don't think we are going to be parents again tonight...I'll tell her about the bball but she's bout 2 go 2 bed.:)
FOX 12 calls Oregon Attorney General race for Ellen Rosenblum.
Don't be where you're not wanted/ appreciated!
ChiIL Productions (ChiILevents) thanks for the follow.
and you deserve the greatest! Thank you, friend!
bro JPs class was insane!
Not playing down at Potawatomi are you? Damn it'd be cool to run into you down there sometime!
I have Craftstravaganza on Saturday. The kid is not allowed to share her nasty germs with me!
lol miss u too. I thought u forgot all about me. But I'm n atl now and live in SC for school
i THINK WE SHOULD HAVE PROFILE PICTURE OF THE WEEK OF EVEN MONTH! LIKE IF YOU AGREE! ~aSHLEY
RT : Sacramento Kings will be in the stands for tonight's #RiverCats game First pitch set for 7:05.
Getting really excited about the Grand Opening of the new Ainsley model at Estates at Shayler Ridge - it's only a couple of weeks away!
A Pick and then the FUMBLE #GopackGo destroy this.
I been around boo....how you been?!
ah!!! Wassup!!! Ugh its been ages hasent it
I sent my <3 to all my supporters<3
6 hours until my next practice? Didn't I just leave the boat house?
N i hate idiots who get 2 do what i want 2 do cause they dont have phobias n major related panic attacks
Hey, thanks! :)
vince young will forever be my all time favorite college football player
I think it was seeing Built to Spill that got me into the whole indy music thing. I didn't know music could get that good.
#GoSpursGo - Great finish! #Spurs 107 Wolves 101 - we pulled it off thanks to turnovers & George Hill spark! Join >> www.spursconnect.com
I've done that before! xD
Hey babe. How's life treatin ya?
you're watching/listening to the wrong DJ's then, haha.
This one girl.
- We couldn't agree more Kalimah!
Is your snow gone? Are you still digging out? How's the wild winter weather treating you?
perseverance On the 10,000th try, there was light. -Thomas Edison
thanks for the support! It's just about the only sugar left I take in everyday. I LOVE creamed up coffee but will get this done :)
Let's hope it's nothing serious. MT : Unfortunately, left the game with an apparent groin injury.
Really can't wait to take my pants off
Like this status if you are craving some Island Frydays!!
I know you wanna click that following button under my name !;)
Who were the ad wizards...
Damn. I have not been on twitter for the longest.. :O
A jury should decide if he's innocent or guilty. My point of the arrest was to show how race is a factor.
Yep, I'll be at the FTDNA booth ALL day Fri & Sat, except when presenting (Fri 11:30am, Sat 8am). Stop by anytime!
my favorite episode of fresh prince is on lmao
Don't feel dumb! It's a picture taken of your computer's screen
guess it's then. I gotta see this. How close was he to a HR cycle?
I love you too, I suppose :P
Thursday, Thursday, Thursday.
lol u wont pass out dramatico !.
Is Taylor Green an option for the #Brewers at 3B? Good numbers at Nashville.
Can't wait for Bamboozle <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
it was fun but cold but we both still went skinny dippin lol i inaa ask gage 2 b my boyfrnd an i thak he says he wants 2 :)
RT : I LOVE SO MUCH I WILL DRIVE FROM RENO TO OZ JUST TO HAVE LUNCH. No way can win again...
dude… is all over it! I can't believe you haven't been getting served!!
dnt say my name
If he hadn't ran tht double out the other night, it woulda been #3. Ha But he was like, "Naw, I'm good off that single!" Lol
Can someone please tell me why we have boys on this Earth?
Great to have alum and commissioner Bud Selig on campus right now for a guest lecture.
buying houses. En route
All I want to do right now is go to Barnes and noble and get all of Lauren Conrad's books!!
. Fear mongers will distort the truth to convince younger workers to give up on the program.
hm good eye. Would you believe I was going for a picaso look?
love you :)
About to start the week -- wishing I had a trick for cleaning the slate so I didn't feel like at the beginning I am already behind
Having lunch with Mom.
It's like Lynn Drury sings. All is forgiven on
Hair losing moves. I'm looking more like Jack Z. RT : I do agree. Certainly a lot of head scratching moves.
#ASKALEX do you currently have a crush?[:
There's no better way to enjoy the city, really.
glee is fantastic tonight
Did the real Carl Crawford get lost somewhere between Tampa and Bostonj Maybe an Amber Alert is needed.
just a little shine, not trying to scare everyone on my first day ;)
Our lunch special today is a Sesame Chicken Sandwich with pico de gallo, sprouts and ginger sesame dressing!
Close... but no cigar. It's a woman I also spend a lot of time with.
sorry my boss wanted me to go to the fb one! I wasn't blowing you off!
just like they Relay. Can't beat americans so they find away to sceme "usa stepped on the line". Loll
I would love to discuss! May I send you an email? Also, more details to follow on our website.
If Newt got elected, would Callista be the "Third Lady"?
Thanks! Hope you had a sweet valentine's day!!
Good moooorrrrnnninnnnggg #SouthFlorida! Happy Friday - and 3 cheers for football!
We are our own worst enemy, We need to stop bringing each other down and start building each other up
#BracketBuster game. Five minutes until tip and they're playing Rebecca Black's "Friday" #pumped?
I remember Q and Bishop fighting over Steele house, they broke a vase and Steele screamed A yo chill
I need voice lessons. :)
Thanks for the follow from Down Under.
How to Build a Rabbit Hutchjaphocom - wooden rabbit hutches
Yo Kevin Hart got me rollin rite now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
#inmiddelschool I couldn't wait until I graduated
Seward told France and England that recognition of the South would lead to war with the US-"we will wrap the world in fire."
maybe when you learn how to close your mouth you can work on those legs ({}__{})
It doesn't feel friendly when you get more than one. :o/
there to*
I love you pa pi!!!!! You r a huge piece of my life n hold the only key to my heart!!!
I'll never understand the love for Acceptance/Phantoms. Always felt it was a pretty generic pop/rock album.
don't forget to check us out at www.StMongooseEnt.com
Tuesday means $10 buckets. Free pool! And Sarah! Open at noon Sat for Football.
Transformer blew at candlestick park. 5-10 mins alternate power supposed to start working. Don't expect on-time kickoff for pit-sf
ah okay. I've only ever been to Allentown. I love it there :)
I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks
thanks for fallowing me! And you got some awesome quotes you have there! :)
Just bought my first pair of roller blades since I was like 7
have a link?
Y'all stfu with that #TT with y'all single asses <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Holy crap was amazing tonight!! So many talented people in one place!
#BackWhenIWasAKid you were only cool if your mongoose bike had "pegs"
That awkward moment when you get called 'the ugliest fat bitch to have ever existed.'
hi thank you for the follow. you should also check out , #author of 'Star-Spangled Sailors' out in november!
It's just not Final Destination without multiple people being impaled...
Should really be out celebrating Valentines with loved ones.. But LOVE the learning going on in the classroom right now!
New album does wonders for my state of mind :)
<---- Rappers & Singers GO follow for BEATS
Getting close to my 9,000th tweet
I have one tiny fork and when I grab it from the silverware drawer randomly I feel like a giant. Highly recommend.
I don't respond well to a recording of some dude yelling "Make some noose!!!!!"
But what about the money?
yes but if someone misses that DAY. I think it is owed to the person. Like a Belated B-day Drink??
#Follow best QB in the game also
man ole man They be killing me!!!
Was due to arrive BOS c. 1640. At this rate, that's when we'll board here in CLT.
Look what they've done to us!!!! I bet is really here too, probably sent his clone on vacation :)
if you could be any flavor jolly rancher, what flav would you be and why?
you're from the big O? I did not know that. Learn something new everyday.
I love you too!
In the time this has been on, we could have watched at least two truly great movies.
I'm already home sick :(
I lost the CA delegate #election today by ONE vote. Yup, 1. That stings.
Writing Web Host Industry Review story about security monitoring services that prevent malware attacks from infecting web sites.
Happy birthday!!! :)
Happy Friday! Hey-Who's watching the Superbowl this weekend?
Daily Rental Tip: Make sure wherever you stay, you have an emergency contact. TXCV has a 24hr. number: 901-569-2525
RT : SAG + AFTRA: VOTE YES > "ONE LOVE, ONE HEART. Let's get together & feel ALRIGHT..." by BOB Marley
tell him next time to open shove preflop, turn his hand face up and say "I'm happy with what's in the middle"
whats up jennifer hows it goin ur one of my favorite actress i seen all of ur movies can i get a tweet back from you!!!
Cant get ride of the smile i just got with that opening to 24/7 haha
"With no TGS, I see you self publishing your novel" - Jack to Liz on a 30 Rock rerun. I wasn't in publishing then, but I am now, so....ENJOY
pshhhh! Who said that? -puts bag over my head in embarrassment-
Like you don't know Danny. Ha ha
what's the actual move date?
Reminded of all the things I don't know. Thankful for the opportunity to learn.
Hells yeah!!! Stopping at the store now! ;)
Im laying across 3 seats here at the press conference.
I just don't want to be your last resort.
sittin here looking at this sexy dude pics *FAINTS* omg lmao .
Still here celebrating a birthday at the tequila bar!
So much love and hard work have been put into #daydreamsandnightmares and I can't wait to share it with you.
This weekend is gonna POP
ur dad worked his ass off and so did ur step dad u had sex on film with ray j now ur famous get real and off tv
People at work r PISSIN me off. Gonna hit Legs in the a.m. Dont need xtra motivation but they have assured that it will be Epic.
your birthday is the same day as my sisters((:
I'd rather cheer a baby step than push over the baby, you know? How about leveraging positive response here to pressure Senate?
i don't have to please everybody
Rice University 100 year celebration...just enjoy!
Back on the road after providing #genealogy database workshops for a great group of librarians and staff in NJ.
YAYYYY! I'm so excited for you! Congrats on Pandora! :)
RT THANKS FOR THE LOVE LAST NIGHT BRO I WAS GLAD TO BE APART OF IT BRO THANK YOU
indoors on a star scattered night seems cruel. i have no one to blame but myself. going out in the yard to gaze up for a bit
I spent 30 minutes doing Elliptical - 525. 525 calories burned.
On top of a motherf***ing mountain!!!
thank you!
Just finished a smoothie made from kale, parsley, banana, flaxseed and berries. Consider my good deeds for the day done.
Amor de mocos means love of boomers. And that's what u have.
Good morning! We are wondering how many moms are now using Pinterest? Any fun loving boards to share? Thanks! ^^mac
Not into the Packers or Brewers today? Come back E and J Record Shop 1242 S. Cesar Chavez Dr. Check out the RED DOT items for upto 20% off.
Hard news not on the Today show: Today, more than 26,000 children around the world will die of preventable causes related to poverty.
Wow, and I believe you!
On my way! RT : CROSSwalk steps off at 5:30 pm. Join 1,000+ neighbors to protect #Chicago kids and neighborhoods.
cats are just gross man... cant deal with em creepin all over the place all sneaky and shit
Cups of the XO
Yessir. With me every day.
naw I was just fucking wit you
Without sleep, I'm grumpy like hell!
The new official Twitter app for iPad is AWESOME. Makes all the other iPad apps I've seen look like it was amateur hour.
I'll be rolling more than one! ;)
Follow back me! is a Awsome account related to Porn!;P
Just swapped palms w/ and on 6th st. Bat bridge I come
lol im making myself look desperate meanwhile you keep going from girl to girl, LMFAO GET REAL BITCH
we use a couple of sources. What do you need?
i am a duke fan hell yea but i dont think theyre the best team in the country obviously
Thanks for following me! ;)
YUMMO RT : having a shift cocktail at work. ;) 'cool as a cucumber' so yummy!!
Thanks Wynton for visiting my kids at St. Francis yesterday. You turned a lot of lightbulbs on! Hope to see you back soon!
I moved out, he moved in, the girl is sick she likes a lot of men.
Who just hit me up on WWF?
Yeah :D
#Bored someone Talk To Me ???
Strike out
ten graduation tickets, why does my entire family feel they're invited ? you can come to dinner afterwards ! (:
#Online. HEY!
great website. Following from ooomph.
what do you mean !? That he looks like Santa !! That's a compliment dude.. Your welcome :)
I love being nothing more than an anonymous hole for men.
will share her journey
Want to play in the IRT Florida Spring Break Pro Am? Contact Kim Roy.
Do not work for food that spoils, but for food that endures to eternal life, which the Son of Man will give you. - John 6:27
“: ... #DjGonnaSaveUs is #15 Now on the #iTUNES POP Charts! Remember this is ALL in UNDER 24 HRS!! #Blessed”
I'm ready for the next match are u ???
hahaha so Am I
It's terrible that you don't even care about the person who cares about you most. :/
one of our founders worked audio production for about 5 years too
When people text you the morning and wish you a good day >>>>> :)
Tonight show will be fueled by The Black Keys experience of last night. Maloneys at 930 hope to see you there!
What's up Houston!? Show tomo at the junction with
Girl, when do we get another song? :) I'm obsessed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Don't just read about life. Don't just watch life. Know it. Live it. Experience it.
Sometimes, sappy love movies make you forget what love is really is. Sometimes it is discovered in everyday life and talks from the heart
Was great bumping into you today! You'll have to invite me down to the square for beers soon.
its awkward when black people think they look cute in highlighter yellow clothing and shit.
RIDDLE: Here on earth it is true yesterday is always before today; but there is a place where yesterday always follows today. Where?
trying to figure out how seemingly incomprehensible internet multicast video works
I wonder how long I can keep up this self-inflicted insomnia...
hello people on earth how u been???:D
“: #Aquarians believe in being honest and sincere in a relationship. They are highly possessive over their lover”
some public libraries have institutional subscriptions but we don't. I (Megan) have a personal account and just use it for both.
Hey, Mike Rowe did a segment on the Gum Busters years ago. And NBC just did a story on them.
My girl said I can't match for shit lmao
Goodbye Chase bank. I'm officially a credit union costumer!
"I'd be lying if I told youu, losing youu was something I could handle".
I sing , Lil Johnson's "Hot Nuts" in auditions.
I can't wait <3
Very sorry to announce that MONA at Subterranean on Wednesday, 2/29 has been cancelled due to scheduling conflicts.
Rt if the number I tweet u will txt it! It's mine!
Y'all call 9546935795 show ya boi love
yeah I know - as does my wallet :(
I'm drooling... that looks amazing.
I found my last house rental there, but somehow when u start getting into smaller consumer goods it gets weird.
<3 <3 <3 RT : I found my new favorite spot for healthy, fast food in LA
Brrr so cold and windy. Need coffee and cozy, stat!
how can I get a #nastygalsdoitbetter sticker?! so awesome
lmfao hell no
Hoping the Packers can pull this one off.
Almost too nervous to watch the Celtics game during intermission... this almost never happens
no shirt.
Happy 29. Hope this one is stellar! Xo.
Be sure to enjoy an Iced Honey Bee today!
Thank you and looking forward to reading yours as well.
...transition from "old-school" to "21st century"... I figured, why not? I'll give it a try!" part2of2
If you can't drive your car correctly, build a garage around it.
As always, is awesome twitter friend. Follow them, check out their cool stuff! They donate generously to rescue organizations!
At the public hearing we had on the mayor's proposal, there was overwhelming opposition to an extension of bar hours.
tomorrow is TWOsday! Two for one piercings by Chris AL DAY! questions? call us!!
My strange addiction is watching "my strange addiction."
Some veggie patties have lots and lots of wheat and brown rice
Lamb jam completus. slingin fantastic lamb tartar and budweiser. You got me!
not sure yet, another exam Monday
I just don't respond at all...then they get upset and yell at me till they block me.
Let's save some characters. #dayoffosterly now
I'm amazed that the Celts can come out looking so awful after playing so well the last 2. No urgency. No hustle. Really Disappointing
The game is now lock at 77-77 with 3:40 left in the game.
Ty for saying most & not all ... There r a few good men left , very rare
It is SO GOOD to be back in the greatest city in the world.
Could you follow us so we can DM you your invites? :)
Part of the inhumanity of the computer is that, once it is competently programmed and working smoothly, it is completely honest Isaac Asimov
How to hang a door in an existing opening at 6:30 pm sign up at bethsdiy workshop.com
Take the fucking base. Take the goddamn base. Take the motherfucking goddamn data fucking base. All my base belong 2 the world. Come hack it
Someone please get me B&C's acoustic vinyl. PLEASE.
now you need some for after your workouts- the choice for many many pros
like a stun gun stunned? or just slowed by, say, a tranquilizer?
is that what you call it??
Hi guys what is URL I have to know please tweet back
haven't been on in a while! Anyways HI ! I'M GOING TO MIAMI JUST FOR YOU(;
I slept in this morning instead of running. I don't regret it now that it is snowing.
Absolutely. If I've done that within the last week, is there anything else I could do to secure a meeting or is waiting the game
Sometimes the chefs get crazy...Ballpark pancake o' day "Pig in a Sleeping Bag" inside, Maple Syrup & butter on top
keep hearing that ..what is it?
“: It is considered an offense to hunt whales. (Utah)” ... Good to know.
now following this chico>>>>
Enjoy every bit of your fucking youth.
School for the first time since last thursday.
they don`t mind when it aint a friend because they not gone see them again lol
Blazed rite nw ; feeling good
i love you too :)
and then there were three..... ocraM is officially a member of Superheroes.
lol I can't choose one, I hope he sings both of them again
I hope this #Reds game can get in. I hate the rain.
Chika Chika has a new kiosk at Town Square!!! Las Vegas Boulevard South!!! Kawaii!!! Bling! Bling!!
Cause I'm on display
Is that another way to say you're horney??
mic ultra fair all involved
New pool is now open! Bring your swim trunks and join us in the water!
I just gave in and started using the twitter lists feature and it works very well for me.
I do wanna fix it. I hate not being able to talk to you.
It's a swim day for the #WednesdayWorkout. Gonna go see about some sprint sets & some 3 x 1000 business. Did I mention I miss running.....
Can't wait to see you either! Downtown Friday? And Saturday? And possibly Sunday?
Keep it 100 if it's no it's no not tripping
What can we learn from French food culture to improve American eating habits? - 89.3 KPCC
cuz you're awesome! duh!
" Love can touch us one time and last for a lifetime, and never let go till we're gone." Titanic Theme, My Heart Will Go On
hey cutie what's up
...if only there were a location-based app for finding writrs
I usually feel sad when my pen runs out of ink... thanks for the fresh perspective. :)
The heart of collaboration is communication! Listen as much as you talk for real collaborative learning to happen.
Lovely morning at new england historical assoc conference. As usual, i have many new books to track down and read...
": hurry up and blow up"=we already blowed up!!
Happy holidaze!!! Make sure to drink a Kind or Skunk in honor of the day. The Dude abides.
Really? Afropolitan is a word?
FOLLOW ME
BBJ also was the Winner of the Excellence in Research award and Winner of Best Special Publication at annual ACBJ News awards! WoooHooo!
#hogab hoes on grand avenue blow
Lol at all the flat chested girls trying to show that they have "something" in all their instagram pictures. Stop, just stop plz & thx.
Yep lol but I don't like the lakers I was happy when they got beat by the nuggets
which ones i mean songs
i love taking pictures. But you honestly got jealous over everything. I mean even Justin bieber like honestly?
Forreal, the heat getting away with some stuff. I know the pacers can win, its a matter of WILL they...?
Do you think Walker spent $60K because he read JSOnline?
It's awfully damn close! Not quite enough business on top. Plenty of party in the back. RT : Pretty sure Ryan Braun has a mullet.
Leaving the 505. Next visit will be for 's wedding this June!
Back from the #DigitalPeepShow - best take away - if you aren't planning a mobile strategy, you're missing out.
did a commercial with him
Batum always has his #IIIooIII on vs. Los Lakers
you shouldn't be able to, but there shouldn't be anything to hide either.
Touché! RT : But u can get a free iPhone 4. ;) RT : Gave up on the #smbmad Twitter search. Darn Twitter spam!
can you tell me happy early birthday my birthday is in 2 weeks please julian?!(:
I knew you were a firm believer in
can I get some sugar?
#Taurus MB guy of the day: Ray Ray
"Dude, foreal I could shop at kids footlocker"
Lol": lmao can't concentrate while people are around talkin. Me & dying laughin. Tonight is stupid funny"
trying very hard to get retwitterized
Not really liking the new Google Reader, in looks or function.
Woke up and on the go now..
Some real gems at the SAIC MFA show: really liked Allison Wade, Alex Zhang, Josh Reames (et al room) &
Well, I learned Derby day is also Cinco d Mayo and sombreros are acceptable re: How's that work for you?
vote Houston please!
Just voted for and 25 times on 3 different email accounts! You should go vote too! :)
Trying to find an appropriate soundtrack for the day...
funny story, this wasn't even about YOU
I agree! I have a 10 yr. old, he has read Hunger Games. We discussed it... end of story.
agreed! You around next week? Would love to get together...
I'm not going to kiss your ass for you to like me sorry
trust me when I say it's not even a convo, they make sandwiches to order, they have fountain soda and slurpee machines
Hey if I said I like your face will you ship me nd phil
wait do we have to RSVP now. Or is this all still a maybe?
yo all about it
We only hope that Lifetime Members were also given a chance to vote. Please write the WAA and Interim Chancellor David Ward
Wow, has gotta be confused about which corner he's standing in for #WWE28 Good job Laurinaitis
Little man asleep mom wide awake. What's with that!
u inspire me to believe that there is a guy out there that will treet me right
Los Angeles LOLakers
Damn I need a new tripod.
Dang is good at futbol. Pretty sweet shot kid.
haha chillinnn, bouta get ready for work ;/ what you up to?
When and where is this Travel Show?
Trying to call mom tonight for a chat and keep getting a busy signal. A friggin' busy signal. Who doesn't have call waiting? My mother.
Looking forward to seeing you guys on Monday at the August Wilson Center for the 4th Annual August Wilson Monologue Competition!
Wanna go back to sleep. Lawd.
she had no arms
#badovinac Like how images fill whole screen, nearly. "Label to table"? Maybe--got a laugh. Laugh is good.
2011 I plan to some changes. My choices will be different. It's time to make a true difference.
He joins M.Rivera, P.Sandoval, C.Young and J.Werth as injured guys on my fantasy team RT : Nats announce Wilson Ramos a torn ACL
on my way!
yes! :) btw I love your icon.
what? why?
i HATE sitting in traffic :(
MAN wat is there to do? i dont want to go to sleep #iJussDontKnowWhatToD:\
i messed up smmfh
Love these kind of nights
Star Wars:Episode 1, 101 Dalmatians and Last House on the Left
Enjoy the rest of your day :-)
After his recent remarks AGAINST PREZI, I have decided NOT to endorse for his campaign
Have BEYOND BOUNDARIES but haven't read it yet. June 1 is free - tell me your nearest metro and we'll set something up.
"My work is a game, a very serious game." - M.C. Escher
New shows added to Netflix..looks like my Sunday night is all planned.
Welcome to my insomnia. I won't live tweet the whole several-week long cycle. I'm just pissed at the sleeping population at present.
Got really excited that there was a Car2Go by movie theater, but now its not there anymore...
See, I already made you laugh today. Woo hoo!
Just finished up w a new client who found me on Yelp - solid Swedish session! Almost put myself to sleep. :)
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Zedd - Stars Come Out
Um...I just have one question to ask you...do you ever sleep???
watchin this court show this man got a box cut imma grab one
I'm trying not to miss you so much but so far it's not working.
dreams really do come true!
It is suggested that I follow What the shit?! I don't even wear makeup every time I wear dresses.
so excited only 20 min till we officially meet #runforyourlife :D that hashtag is for trending purposes only bahhaaaa
I've never heard of Saturday school . ?
Can you believe #Thanksgiving is THIS Thursday!? What's your favorite Thanksgiving food? We love the sweet potatoes and stuffing! Yumm
that's beautiful!
yeah womanizing isn't really my thing.
would you rather have it any different?
RT : Awarding 2 - $4500 PPC Aruba Packages today @ the Isle. Good luck 2 all playing!
Guten Tag, Bonjour etc. Welcome to our twinning tweets and watch out for our competition!
did justin told you something about the present?
Yup, and is this you in this video? And the new one: make 3,000 to 8,000 a day from home guaranteed. I want to delete them, bu
yeah haha ! & I'm from Hawaii (:
thank you!
Even tho I never lived here Lmaoo
Doing some footwork so they will let me in the Cathedral of Learning tonight.
lmfao you're tight
know anyone I can follow on twitter who might know?
Yup hit me up anytime.
thanks “ NY Times coffee column was by . Fave line: "Reporters are expected to call experts for comment, so I did."”
I was just looking out for the team! Haha
So i pretty much got happy day down for my first night of playing tonight.pray for me:)extremely stoked! HE>i
Our good friend has offered to have a stack of "Otaku Spaces" at his Emerald City Comicon booth. Thanks, man!
Nato Green at COBO just now: "Some of these are jokes, some are tips for revolution."
I had a tone of fun. Going back soon, that I'd have to rethink. Lol
Don't worry over what other people R thinking about U. They're too busy worrying over what U R thinking about them.
Definitely met a funky smell getting off the wapo elevator this morning. Like pizza and sweet tarts and onion dip.
Web updates in prep for tomorrow are on my to-do list for today, so both Twitter accounts may be quieter than normal.
Could you sum up what Ol' Blue Eyes means to you in ten words or less?
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 11
Tried to figure out what is cutting my appetite. Electro-magnetic diathermy or piezoelectric diathermy. Turns out its both.
What should the beer selection be for me tonight?? I've done Hacker Pschorr/Abbey Ale/Spotted recently...
No, that Forrest/Silva fight wasn't boring. Heartbreaking, but not boring. I don't know why, but I'd like to see Silva lose.
New professor for central Asian world affairs is hot and a film studies guy. He knows nothing about the material and increased participation
Should we have a GBV Hoot Night in Austin? Yes.
rt I hear it's going to tape there from here on out < pretty hot right? lol! the school has state of the art everything lol
I miss you too :)
Harry Potter for the mutha freaking win. #swagg :D
ill follow u if u promises to start making more tweets
and I am eternally grateful for that. But Hunter, Issa, Billbray are being very shortsighted & I'd like to see some visionaries
Preparing my class final: 3 Cheese Ravioli w/ sauteed spinach and garlic with crumbled bacon paired with Colosi Rosso Red, 2005!
Please follow ! New 1D blog. She'll follow back other 1D blogs if you ask (:
lol! You're right. Maybe that's why it feels homier, feel like I could spend hours in there. Don't feel the same about Walgreens.
Need to make up some body butter samples today. Our supply is dwindling down to nothing again!
#CNNDebate PLEASE PUT ME ON TV!
Monday is here! Let's get some good shots of what makes us happiest this week! :)
So excited to be heading back to today!
I have a big family but I haven't met most of them :)
Just got on "Draw something" add me jtott13
is john always on raw
Is there really ice on that lake or is that your impression of jesus?
Whats up with the bell cental some hoes now
: Welcome to our new Facebook site! Do you mean Twitter?
This people watching is better than probation.
Somebody who gets it! RT Everything looks brighter when you choose to be happy for absolutely no reason. It is a choice.
Wow!! Amazing show so far! so much energy & great performers! in the bldg!
I know I'm just that good(:
what's gucci my gorilla in paris?
#JcCaelynRicardoMTV I'd watch it cause duh you guys are perfect. <3
OMG U MET HIM WHY DIDNT U TELL ME :P
you blow up my twitter almost as much as
Need help evicting a tenant? Call us today to help you get started ~ 619.338.9500
Lunch time hour walks holler!
what a wonderful day praise God !
What do you think of the gray, violet hair trend a la #eredcarpet Kelly Osborne?
“: It is snowing in South Austin! :) (tiny amount) :)” What??? Where are you? None at the airport :(
Everything about him out there says the contrary. He has a mechanical or health flaw right now.
In need of more followers, what I gotta do?
": Jus cooked an AMAZING dinner yall wanna see it?"--yea, didn't know u could cook
I am on record with saying all the way until the don't, orange and blue bowl, go
She lived in my building in NYC. Stunning as ever and sweet as can be.
The goal is 300 followers by #tomorrow night. #WeBelieve its
Panel on "Poetry and Community" at St. Mark's. Everyone is braced for a fight.
Feliz cinco de mayo enjoy :D
In the building at 8:30: the dean, the janitor, and 3/5 of the English dept. Welcome to break!
Doing a nandroid backup.
. Thanks for the follow! Love staying at the Sheraton. Let me know if you need someone to "jazz up" your lounge! lol
11:11 make a wish. Lord keep my wish safe. <3.
Had planned on 10 miles today, but with a meeting that popped up, that means that I wouldn't shower before work. 6 miles it is...
you better say that sis....
haha don't worry I made sure he was okay!
I love my Big Brother He is my everything. We are way close (;
is on fire today RT "OBAMA SAYS U.S. `ON TRACK' TO GOAL OF DOUBLING EXPORTS. And quadrupling imports..."
OMG I GOT SO SCARED I WAS LIKE OMG MY BABYS HURT OR SICK ONE O THE 2 WHAT COULD HAVE HAPPED!!!!:(
Fun times ahead! RT : I can't believe 's #SOBCon party is tomorrow, the week is flying by. I'm stoked!
is that even a possibility? > “: Should Buffalo move up for Morris Claiborne? #Bills”
I AGREE !
Wow...Tebow can do push-ups with chains on his shoulders. Wow. Forget about his pro career. He can do push ups with chains on his shoulder.
lol he tried to play you
well this woman really should be more aware of her camel toe
Wait. The Bachelorette is tonight? Gentlemen! We just took back Monday.
I think it might have been me.
first time in life I've enjoyed running. Bought a supply of blue headbands in case I run by the comic store. . . .
John Derbyshire, racist hack, gets canned - Salon
96 on my math test and 97 on Econ
Be happy & active in order to divert yourself from being tempted to spend.
I agree RT : Best show on TV. I love Shark Tank. I wish you guys were on more than just one night.
Thanks for the RT, and you know, if you ever want to sponsor a band... we're here for you! :)
#YouKnowYourRatchetWhen Your Ratchet
Just voted. East Ramapo, get your butts down to your polling station and vote YES, Thomson, Rivera and Foskew!
Why do they keep showing this hoe?
guessing this Fri will be the biggest presser and will have dealt with in Maryvale! Best of luck, #GoBrewers !!!
Cash cab picks the smartest people I swear!
Freedom, we gotta little surprise for ya...
Listening to Lucy Shelton perform sprechstimme. Literally speech-song where notes are a guesstimate
Eli has an amazing match up and probably will have to throw even more without Bradshaw, start him with confidence
um, do the headphones emit sound or are they just for effect?
Not at the moment, but you can get them at http:/shop.iheartballs.org
I wish!
Excited to be heading to NYC for Kendyl's birthday and Anna's 5K!
The more you eat, the less flavor; the less you eat, the more flavor.
resume to and let's talk
on the phone with my grandma ^_^
Kansas City picks Dontari Poe .DT from Memphis. Huge pick up. ..no really, dude is freaking huge!
What would you do if you won the #MEGAMILLIONS ?
so glad put me on to Glasper!
Had a great time singin in Iowa this weekend. Now time to head back to Nashville - but not until I have lunch with my dad!
thanks for listing me again, it's been a while
They nice to you cuz you a HOTTIE.
Public Easter egg hunts are terrifyingly similar to #hungergames for toddlers.
plase followme :) I LOVE YOU AN
Are you going to the NAB this year?
Standing out because we outstanding
You forgot the #thisiswhythereisemail tag.
Or, reporters who don't know what the @$&# they're talking about and just want clicks from #BBN?
follow me back!!!
Looking forward to hearing from soon about my PhD application!
Ah..there's never enough time between work shifts.
You're very welcome.
Thanks for sharing our deal!! :)
": Indiana sucks dick ." Very true
That blows dude :(
Helen, thank you so much for writing on the Linoit about your PLN! I appreciate it.
I think that the @#EFashionPolice will be doing a diservice if isnt on the list.
#icantgoadaywithout CayLeigh Lynn and my Jesus
Shoutout to killin it right now! Representing the
you are missed already! hope you're having fun!
RT : Here it is...New Orleans Stand up! San Diego Stand up!<They can stand. U sit the fuck down. Ive lost all respect. Bo
Finished with Geometry EOC. If I don't pass I'll probably kill a bitch.
aw thank you
hmm, oh Jesus :p i need to get out of town, im getting sick of seeing the same things everyday. Maybe ill walk to Canada..i dunno yet...
Funny, seen 2 hockey games tonight, white-outs. In Pittsburgh fans wearing white....what team wearing white? Tampa Bay. Wtf? Whiteout FAIL!
I'll be up there next weekend
My friend has some serious third degree burns, and needs some serious love, he is only 13!
Lou Williams just died on a pick & roll. Then he took an ill-advised jumper while the rest of #Sixers were still getting across half court
When my mom screams at me, and I really don't know why.. But its happening and there's nothing I can do to shut her up.
last time we came to Haubstadt we had to stop on our way so my dad could get new shoes cause he didn't want to wear the ones he had onhaha.
jojah aka , shadow, and I are otw to MLG raleigh, saw a place called biscuit world!!
I feel like I'm married. I'm 'shopping' with while she picks out her moms bras and panties. I want to go home.
If you want to live the life of your dreams we can train and certify you to become a professional teen coach in #2DAYS 16 hours contact us!
"You never get a second chance to make a first impression"
i hear your in london! luck lucky them! hope to see you in bmore soon
Blue jeans are the most beautiful things since the gondola. -Diana Vreeland
It's tough to juggle so many things by yourself, but we have a newsletter coming out and another staged reading of a renowned playwright.
Citing a study that says players out of HS perform better than those who spent 1 year in college has minimal relevance to the big picture.
U have more Swag than Columbia Babe!!! We Love U Perez from !
Don't let today's www.crowdclick.com deal pass you by - $25 gets you $50 towards ANY spa/salon service at the Knick Salon and Spa
Congrats. Gotta admit I love me some soaps, YR especially. :)
No disrespect, but Diddy in all his artists' videos has ALWAYS been corny!
Passion makes the world go round. Love just makes it a safer place. ---Ice T
Ran into Sanjaya recently. He was desperately seeking attention walking two small dogs at Pike Place Market in Seattle.
Oh sweet! right?
Who's been "apologizing for America"? Throw that red meat to the base, Mittens!
Went to all my classes today.
Who else scrolls down their FB Newsfeed & thinks: "Don't care.""Whore." "Ur life sucks." "Song lyrics." "Inside joke?" "Needs a therapist!"?
RT : RT : Do not label your feelings good or bad, right or wrong. Feel what you feel and allow it to pass.
Hi Susan! Thanks for the follow.
Why don't you get on it and put together a new design for us. Clocks tickin
UB solar strand opens April 23. Looks like DNA titration from above.
If loving you is wrong I don't want to be right if being right means being with out ya I'd rather be alone
The new Bruce single is seriously awesome.
omfg. dead at mos wanted crew. let me love you.
Hey you! Follow me :) I follow back! XD
YOU NEED TO GET ON TWITTER AND FULLY UTILIZE YOUR ACCOUNT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ahora mismo Mr! lol
" and I had a tee time at 9am. We'll probably have to push that back an hour now."- Dad
I'll go! This weekend is baby shower, so I need to leave this madness for a bit. DESPITE ALL MY RAGE, I AM STILL JUST NICOLAS CAGE.
blue and orange have the last and black vs yellow have fist know
so much fun love you all
u shuld follow me back.. :)
I don't wanna settle for good, not great <3
Ugh. Knowing that Afrojack is producing means she is going to dive into dance music and house. No.
Awesome! Glad you enjoyed the show and thanks for checkin' the site on the regular!
Ive been a bulls fan for a while. But since theyre gone im cheering my second favorite team OKC THUNDER!!
Love. RT : We're extending breakfast until 1! Maybe longer...
Postponing further reading of Homer's Iliad due to chance encounter with unlimited feast of RuPaul's Drag Race episodes.
then don't wear clothes, because your hiding God's master peice ;)
RT : #StandYourGroundLaw *>*It should not be used but what if i'm walking to my car tonight and someone attempts to rob me?
Ah, thanks
#DailyRebellion: Support women's sports! The home opener is today, 5 pm, Lazier Field, 2285 Church, Evanston.
anything filthy, sexual, or deviant. Or about homeless peoples pubic hair ...but that goes w/o saying. Lol
Tip #197: When short stacked out of position vs. weak/avg opponents that have raised your blinds...try a go-n-go or a stop-n-go =
I smile because I don't know what the hell is going on.
I've never seen someone so obsessed with Twitter;)
Partying on Friday in Austin!!
Loved living with and for a day! :)
So nice meeting you today! Congrats on your bundle of "joy" :-)
Thank you! I emailed off my files to you. :)
RT : Getting ready for myself and . Chicago and NYC in Vegas .. FIST PuMpin for sure !
#FOLLOW us and let us know so we can
on expressway lol... Multi tasking like a mo fo
T-3 and counting...
#ThingsICantLiveWithout GOD ALMIGHTY
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT!Please!!?
RT : Arrived in SD ftom Oslo to speak at Assn conf, "Athletes & Philanthropy: Risks & Rewards."
All of Canada? That's what I hear from Northern friends.
Oh my god, I was going to go, now that is there. I'm absolutely going now! #Woo !
Oh man. You're never gonna look at roadkill the same way again.
Bug fixing the sound design module today...
#saascon Schumacher could support business growth by adopting cloud. Agility helped to delight the physicians.
Brrr! Come on Ohio, turn up the heat!
I'd go have a drink if I were you - that'll make the Pinkel thing easier to take.
There is way to much snow in New York city, Harlem will never recover ???? will we ???? Dr. Bobby Jones
I feel like pulling an all nighter with blogging, tweeting, reading fanfics, and editing pics.
Ugh.. my head hurts! Freak ponytails -_-
yes we do
well hey I love your photo
please follow me Madison <3 come to Florida :) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Being single is like a vacuum cleaner: its sucks when you're turned on
Hoosiers riding Zeller to next round.
don't do it ! Lol plz Don't haha....
Gonna tell me my eyes are lieing!
Just arrived at #bonnaroo! Now the long wait to get in and park.
I love skype!
wtf i dnt want him u trippin well y am i writing u back
RT ": A woman's <U+2665> should be so hidden in God that a man should have to seek Him first to find her"
come out to gallerybar NYC tonight!
Thanks for the garden tips! This spring will be a seedling experiment.
Thx - Had a nice time on vacation but good to be home :-)
When things seem cloudy...just be patient and wait it out..with the help of God you will eventually see clear and understand
Gasp * ... thought Mr Martin called on me lmao
I was going to write, but then knitting sounded so much more appealing.
s/o to my newest follower
I fucking hate my sister. Ok bye.
Way to go Wade. Cost your team two shots and a possession in a close, key game.
Anyone else still waiting on their reward for being above average?
if they ask u how u doin.. tellem "better than u"!!! *kanye shrugg*
Could Facebook and Twitter be the key to marketing your small business?
RT never seen move w/ more speed and intention than when he's trying to make #Cubs game. miller park is beautiful tonight!
Lmao! Mine too! && I just seen a couple people say it on here.
tell cowboy I have enjoyed his pitch demonstrations tonight!!
awesome! Can't wait to see pix!
finally getting a good night's sleep, good night
RT :“Dont use takes out reviews of people who aren't regular "yelpers" nothing u can do to get back good reviews-tx
#nobu was awful @ #atlantisresort so disappointed! Bad service, mediocre food
I have a problem with 21 year olds that have really bad grammar!!!
Firs time @ langers! About to have an epic pastrami sandwich feast :)
#myfirstredsoxgame was in 1988 & I almost didn't get to go because my dad was upset I referred to the Red Sox as "those old giesers"
I need that one friend that'd be down to do my homework all.the.time.
Yay! Let's get some good news!
Every 10th person to RT wins 2 tickets. Visit Ward's House of Prime at Irish Fest this wkend!
yeah is our ROLE MODEL we look up to him
Check out the tweets about u
The book sale is only 3.5 weeks away! Have you put it on your calendar yet? Sat., Oct. 23 @ the ALC from 10-2.
of course he did because Dallas is a major tv market and will continue to watch espn praise all their draft pics
I hear you. Agreed. But Sanchez does better when he's not gettin his butt bashed on every down.
En route to conducting a #tea tasting, using , and feeling last night's festivities.
We are addicted to this show!
The path to a great workplace is about attitude
best SNL in recent years
I have both naked palettes as well (;
Competition for Romo? RT Kyle Orton reached a three-year agreement with the Dallas Cowboys.
and better not flake on me!
“: Well Nicki actually outdid Charlie Wilson straw set!!”lmao!!!!
no one messes with my boo!! That bitch needs to be in hell and burn!!
Please join us at www.dealoria.com fro some unbelievable upcoming deals. Past deals includes 75% Off State Street Brats
"The possibility for rich relationships exists all around you -- you simply have to open your eyes, open your mouth and most importantly, op
Falling asleep slowly .
good morning Miss black & beautiful America holla at Squala
forget it
more of an inside joke that a low blow. :)
I just had a pic on my avi ctfup look at yours no nigga wanna look at that shit you cnt make a serious face in a pic cause you hate to see u
well then follow back
Stormy Monday...
really want some chicken
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation! We thought your were looking sexier!!
Summer, hurry the fuck up.
May 13th, anniversary of the abolition of slavery in Brazil, the last country to abolish slavery in the Americas in 1888.
I got a messed up sleep schedule.
Some kid came up to me last night and was like do you remember my name? No weirdo because I didn't find you the least bit attractive
It would go well with Rajon Rondos jacket from last night...
Optimistic, grateful, unique,and happy
Unlock your tweets, fag.
Welcome dear. <U+E414><U+E022>
go Carlos!! miss ya, take care. hope to see ya soon.
Welcome Home.
I miss when Kevin,Joe n Nick makin music together.
always 1 step ahead!
Never realized the Gingrich Super-PAC was Winning Our Future and Romney Super-PAC was Restore Our Future. that's too similar guys come on
Finally checked twitter and yeah I suppose we can be friends
follow back
Want to start your week off with a PARTY? It's gonna be a blast and you're not going to want to miss it!
LETS GO HEAT!!! GAME #5 IS OURS!! BRING IT HOME FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP WIN!!!!
On certain Sundays I stay in bed all day.
The #Redsox last 2 games made mistakes on basepaths.Punto at 3rd ball hit to SS was out,today Ross on 3rd ball hit to 1st didn't score
Sure. Eating in bed. :)
I cant see you on livestream :( its not working! :/
Yu got friends QT : I wanna go to six flags But I dont have any friends lol
Yup, definitely feeling sick again... pushing through my inbox so I can maybe go home early
This Saturday is the parade. PLS RT post your photos to #cincinnati #cincystpatrickparade and our Facebook page
There may be four Ohio teams in in the sweet sixteen, but there is still only one THE Ohio State University, Go Bucks!
are you really going to be at the Savoy in Inglewood Friday night?
the only earbuds I've found to stay in my ears are those made by Shure. I have the SE115.
For those who are childish and still haven't grown up..hit the Unfollow button. Promise life is better without cha. #SMILE <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Stamp aside, hope u liked it! RT : Got our invitation to the wedding. Would have classier if the stamp was straight
<U+200E>"A world where hiearchy is inevitable would be one where possibility is finite and ... little room would be available for imagination."
you right im going to sleep now lol
I'm like 5'2, my SAT scores was high too ; But I don't mean to brag a Louis Vuitton bag Hopped out the Jag, proceeded to shag shag them , <3
Anyone thats like 5'3 and wants to be tall i will gladly give you my height.
glad we still have you here !
Play Beat the Bar today Finley Dunne's. College Basketball Pick 'Em. Beat Finley Dunne's!
"Couple bad independent women in my section/You be trickin' dollars/I don't even pay attention" (c) Wale - Face Down
Loving my new gym tho!
uhm.. i was too lazy to switch browsers and log onto this account?
Thanks for thinking of us! What location are you ordering from?
How much did ur relatives throw away in their sleep@ the hotel they just booked? This audio, some won't like, then again some may thank U?
Tell a man he is brave, and you help him to become so. ~Thomas Carlyle
OPMG Big news. Tmr is going to be a big day!
Only childish bitches fight over pickles
lol welcome!! <3 i like finding nice people it gives me hope that the world isnt all bad ;P haha
I like Big Brains, Quick wits, Deep Thoughts, ankles & feet & everything else that comes attached naturally; clean
real classy move by the Minnesota captain taking two cheap shots while losing 6-1.
i love androgyny. and hoss. i was about to approve our matching tats. but fuck star wars?
Who is this ?
Behold the turtle. He only makes progress when he sticks his neck out. James Bryant Conant
Ask Kerry & Sue - they use them a lot when they travel! Sue is on FB.
Tonight The Melismatics "In Droves" on Jersey Shore TONIGHT!
lol nah were just letting it go on.
Stop calling yourself hot. The only thing you turn on is the microwave
went great...will be out in about 6 weeks. Ok see you later hopefully
ARE DELICIOUS!
OMG!!! Now you know tweeting this scripture to EVERYBODY!! Thanks :)
Women are unique. Not all words that spoken by their mouth is the same with what they feel in the heart.
You don't talk to me silly :p
No, we closed it at the end of 2011... :( We are still open at the end Louisiana and Menaul!
Few 1:1 seem 2 have gone 2 voters 4 bonds. Appears most R funding via SILO, PPEL & instruct support levy. Some dip into txtbook $
Mastering some singles today. CD & DVD short-runs on the agenda to.
i absolutely LOVE this quote.... "Worrying is temporary Atheism!"
HELL YEAH!!! The show is coming to Portland!!!! So freaking excited!!!
New song being posted on our youtube and facebook account tomorrow!! so excited to release it :)
Jim Mesi Band & Ed Neumen Playin' Golden Oldies til 10PM LIVE TONIGHT Happy Hour Drinks & Food 3pm - close GREAT Crowd!
Probably a logistical nightmare, but also tradition. People already went nuts when the start moved from noon to 10 am.
Tried Costa Brava last night based on the eblast recommendation. Delicious meal, excellent service.
it grinds my gears when i show up at work, and people see ahmad 2.0
my legs are handling these #hillrepeats on the bike like my arms handled #hillrepeats in the pool yesterday....
not winning
Oh and thats the conundrum. I want all the success in the world for him....but then I want to steal him away an hide him LoL.
When people go through your stuff <
you know better than anyone I have no problem saying anything to your face. I just havnt had time yet lol
Youth Prayer - TONIGHT @ 6:30pm! Saturday prayer moved to 6:00pm before the FUSION Service.
Why do some people put MT instead of RT? what does MT mean? Thanks :)
Gee. Funny that the cable show happens in Boston in a few weeks. Must be a coincidence.
yes yes you should! Why'd yougo Home
shit I seen you were pissed I've never seen the bitch before either
Coming back to Michigan, I've remembered that there are very few things I miss...
i gotta feeling
love you too xoxox
Actually, what I said was, you should see what is doing. Maybe you can hang out with him during the shower.
let's marry hobos..
So what ??? Second half play bad , big Deal!!!! So check stats last night!!!
I want to thank all my new #followers. I always follow back. Please retweet so I can get more #Followers up in my HotelParty.
jesus cody rhodes has me going... lol WILD.... GIRL GONE WILD.
that sucks!
Coach always stops me in the hall to talk about moving :(
The Ryan budget: "Fed subsidies for NEA, NEH, and CPB can no longer be justified." Really? Seriously?
April is right around the corner - excited to join our partners in Jessamine County today to talk Child Abuse Prevention Month activities.
nil = null; right? (in global scope of course :)
Austin has the cutest nose
Remember to get your entries in for our Caption The Photo contest! Winner will be announced at 3 p.m. today!
If they don't score soon, it's a legitimate question as to whether or not they'd even be able to get Mike Smith off the ice.
she's totally playing u dude. such a player. I hate players.
i just started listening to and everyday iam loving her more and more!
Every time I lay in bed, my mind is like, "Oh, it's midnight? Time to think about everything you want to forget."
I was looking forward to 35 year old dudes making jokes about poop and dicks. Why did have to cancel on me?
A few spots left on our February Biz Kid$ Camp! Don't miss out on the opportunity to learn about business and have fun too!
ya giirrl lol thanks for the love
Have a messeage behind your music.
wordd ? of what
am i the only one who just doesn't get the carson mccullers love?
Money,Tree, Cars and Karsyn the only things i want in life and music # need a vacation from my vaction...I make it happen soon
thanks guys...
cant wait for friday!!!
We'll see about that.
you just made my life!
": ": Black mamba looking like a damn earthworm!" - and kg look like a blk billy goat !!! Lol"...LOL!
one more reason to go back!
#Peak Discovery to attend #ILTA 2011 in Nashville, Tennessee
A huge thanks to your volunteers that contributed to the CIS room makeover! :-)
I bet those dinners suck for all sorts of reasons.
Thats cus all of sudden everybody wanna be a rapper..So they dnt give real niggas Props cuz they wana be yu!!!
“: Follow the homie ” follow me to friend. Heard a nice story about you on U street the other day...
Happy Valentines Day to especially Sydeny Kirby with love always and forever. I LOVE YOU!!!
ok. Good luck boo boos!!!! Parker loves y'all!!!! Do ur BEST!!!!!
Friend just invited me to Everyone "I know" using it is a woman. Looks like they have a very specific demographic.
Omg in N out , i just got a boner
#imagine Austin: You’re my forever. You: Aw :’) Austin: And your forever is all I need. <3
La la world right bout now !
sex in the lounge (;
My growling stomach must indicate that my body needs food. Ok then.
“Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.” Carl Sagan
You bitches aint ready for the real in me.
QUESTION TIME! What is the difference between heritage professionals and prof. archaeologist?
ugh.. the POT.
I am hungry for success! I am not their yet but I am on my way!
All my friends that hated Justin, now love him after watching #NeverSayNever :))
is going to be in a commercial on abc !? Pretty sure i`m going to scream at my tv when i see it.
How very good and pleasant it is when kindred live together in unity. Psalm 133:1
Oil spil is my jam. That lady is a trippy little hippie
Watching and in the movie "Tal Como Somos"
“: Sorry, honey. Sarcasm falls from my mouth as easily as stupidity falls from yours...”
What about '99 class? Anyone besides Driver? RT : Only one NFL player from 1998 draft class remains with team that selected him
truth is beauty - and beauty is truth
We offer the Bands, DJs, National Acts, Games shows, Video Game Walls, Sports Games, String Ensembles, Tribute Acts, Casino Parties & More
politicians that continue to bring up the Obama birth certificate issue don't have anything better to do. Don't deserve our vote!!!
Grizzlies will take it in OT.
Dude looked my perverted uncle lmao
": I think I'm movin to San Fran for the year"go ahead #SELLOUT and I hope nobody takes you home from the games
Bahahaah omg i just died! arent they hideous??? like i wouldnt talk to anyone who wore those lmaoo
When your brain makes every single song, place, food, picture, movie, & thing somehow relate exactly to what's on your mind...
Powerful images from U.S. military and Foreign Service members for my new Serving Abroad project w/ ,
where's mt. crumpit? Good thin crust?
Sure is cold here in Minnesota (-12!).
I think the egret is visiting the pond. I'm too far away for a good pic, but white, long neck, similar shape to a heron?
; you are my hero :) I've never laughed so hard .
Movie time! #TheRaven. Looks freaking epic.
Well, Rush can retire now, Kirk Cameron is ready to step in for him, geeze
Thanks n I'm Luvin " I'm gone B Alright"
#dancin Viola..Magic!
It just couldn't be me smh....
World should unite together against cruelty of terrorism
Oh my back just went out, it's time to Stretch
The Texas Hold 'Em Poker Tournament starts at 8:15pm. Hardly anyone is signed up yet, your odds of winning a reserved study table are high!
make time for those who love you and your music/poetry:)
Herb Williams wuz robbed.
loved the live 30 rock
thanks for an invite...friend
really stoked for aaron gillespies new cd anthem song in out 20 days, and wish that joel piper would release some new music already!lol!:P
This implies people ARE watching during the daytime hours.
I missed you to boo<33
Dared the 65km wind and went for a walk. Nearly blown over but Iceland really is beautiful at sunset!
yes their unifying strategy apparently is to cater to influential women who buy stuff
if you can get in, Cafe Chloe 721 9th Ave (at G St) downtown SD. Yummy last time I was there.
I'm getting trained in the kitchen at Chick-fila-A
congrats on qualifying for Indy and the shoutout tweet from !!
HALFTIME SCORE: Ohio State 24, Michigan 23
When girls ask me for a tampon. I am not the tampon store. Go get you own
maybe Filters/Streams for ed (music/visual art/sports/science). Helpful?
you know who I have not heard from in awhile... this needs to change :P
Aww, thanks y'all! :)
I'm not gonna Hayd it any longer...I like Haydn!
DUH. Me and will throw you one!
Productivity now halted in the whole state as #WVU takes on UCONN ... No, I'm not watching ... I'm working ...
Thank you so much - will do. Safe travels.
need to quit obsessively refreshing the green500 list and go about my business.
Good morning world! Off to a day at The Salon Professional Academy Nashville
CST helped overcome attitudes of fear, anxiety, resistance & to build new teams,establish new leaders, explore values & cultural differences
I won't vote Obama ever and this psycho republican shit on twitter is worthless. Get your shit right and together. You hinder what u help!!!
Taylor looks stronger than nick
mine keep having to -re-memorize multiplication also
CAN'T WAIT! SEE YOU THERE! “: looking forward to your reading this afternoon #HereCometheBrides”
meadowlark, fly your way down, I hold a cornucopia and a golden crown
Wow sure is grouchy in his 25th year
At #smacsrit - Enjoying opening keynote by and
There was a hot naked man in my apartment and I DIDN'T bang him. I must've hit my head out something.
Nothing better than Man vs. Food Kansas City style! And they opened with the best, OK Joes!
Hey night!!!!
MT “: Just delivered 127,481-records of 25+ years of PBS programs to the American Archive Content Inventory Project
What's up? I love your tweets
Heyy on the flip side my brother gets out wednsday..
' Some good living right about now!
grits and cheese get's me thick lol
Probably. I need to do some research
Jim got mugged
Don't let any kids drowned to more....GO TO BED so you don't fall asleep on the lifeguard stand
I should seriously just make this a fan account......
I'm obsessed with that game. Such a creative idea, so well-executed.
A thug ass nigga eating tropical skittles. ?
i love the wallpaper behind head when he is at his desk. tried to google but couldnt find any info on it
I missed Your Birthday, Er. So sorry! Wish You a Very Happy Birthday Professor! :)
Ti amo con Tutto Il Cuore, do you know what this means? Cause if you do I really mean it<3
i'm totally a yankees girl but i can't help the soft spot in my heart for i just love a man with a good beard...
Thank you for following! <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
Yes I pointed out that they currently suck...which is a fact. Dude just stop
You're supposed to be off the grid. Put it away.
my phone broke, once again! -.-
generally I avoid food that has been mashed together with random ingredients
Totally just saw the shuttle fly over Connecticut Ave. You are dwindling, bucket list.
"Everyone is a genius, but if you judge a fish on it's ability to climb a tree it will lives it's whole life believing that it is stupid."
your "go-to" beef is stella? While I do like stella... and I love their custom glasses... I think you can do better?!
It's funny because I think a lot of it is simply
haha yeah just been busy I'm auditioning for X factor look out for me k ? :) so what you've been up to ?
Met the Los Angeles mayor great guy.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop. -- Confucius
The way Heinz Pius is running here he must win this
don't threaten us with a good time!
Bouncers checkin my individual cigs in the pack in my pocket & I move my real IDs from my other pocket 2 my sleeve
GH 11 South, we need a polaroid! RT : Rule at Tibi - if 2 ppl wears same item to office, we photo "who wore it better".
you have to try the Grilled Vegetable and Fresh Mozzarella Baguette for lunch. #Delicious cc
in an ideal world, spontaneous emotion is replaced by calculated analysis and/or forced responses? :P
I know the ISL people who competed against him like him a great deal.
hey there check us out:)
What's ur email address?
Hey , this video auto play shit on your iPhone app has got to go.
Finally going to get my phone fixed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
finished rough draft of grant, finished with presentation tonight. Next up: turkey and pumpkin pie w/ the family! Yipee!
streetcredittv going live for yall at 12:15 watch us get rowdy because it been a damn good night so far and it's going to keep going!!!
I love yhu.....sexiest BGC EVER!!!
I swear each and everyday my #Twitter page is gettin #SwaggedOut every minute
everyone follow me
Good Luck tonight #Pens!! Kick the Flyers asses and show them you're the best!
me too!
Sleepp or not to sleep fuck sleeping
I love you so much! I wish you'd follow me!
S/O TO ! FOLLOW MY BRO!
yay, thanks! :D
I feel crappy.
Enjoyed Fox News coverage of the War on Multi-Millionaire, Over-Staffed, Faux Outraged Women today.
i made it to round 30 last night and you're right it's insane!
we all came into this world with dreams of becoming a princess or a prince. its my fault...
I heard from a great my beats are pure
I know!!
Seeking Retail Management position....www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
There was a point in time where I thought I knew it all. Now I take all critques humbly because looking back, I realize I didn't know shit.
you tweet! Stash!
To my friends at American Heroes Radio, thank you for the RT mention, I appreciate your support. Keep up your good works!
WE LOVE IT! #car2gostyle RT At our shared office (Co-Merge) we have several groups ridin in car2go style!
8pm tonight!! Walking dead on the projector!!!
thanks for the follow....looks like you got a nice business going!
Thanks, have a good evening.
I am new on Tweeter, I will be posting videos of me singing and acting so please follow me and comment.
1984's Victory Tour >>>>
Have fun performing your new play tonight !
Proud to be a
is it October 6 yet? Wishing it would hurry and get here. Then I will be BOUND!!!!
I need a bad bitch on my hip
You are very welcome. :)
Lol this flowers family makin me look bad that have NO points
Looking forward to working with you guys! Just like old times, except for funner!! :)
The shows over.. SWIMMING TIME. :D
Hey ladies, is live in our studio at 9:15 to tell us about Wine, Women and Purses 2012!
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him
yes I am and around here there is always trouble. I like like it when wevstay farther outside city
living off of saltines and blue gatorade. That has all the essential nutrients right?
It's Happy Hour all day long! Come by and have a beer and BBQ Beef Ribs.
Ty for changing my life with that last soul train bomb...epic
I really hate when someone goes and asks my counterpart the same question, hoping for a different answer.
This was the tweet that made me follow you many months ago. Very funny.
Quote of the day "Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in feeling creates love."
not true... I'm right next to you. Haha
by "sometimes" do u mean all the time??
"Create in me a pure heart, O God, and renew a steadfast spirit within me." I'm tired and tired of - so Ps. 51:10 is my Mon. p.m. prayer.
Never trust a man in a business suit on Hollywood blvd
iwana pull bak up n get another steak...oh boy
Minnesota House approves $975M #Vikings stadium, but with big hike in team's share. Passes 73-58.
We have multiple listings around the #DePaul and #LUC campuses. Anyone students looking to live in those areas?
Unfortunately, I'll be in a car, driving 18 hours home from Baltimore... :P
That sounds pretty cool!! Can't wait to see it!!
aight aight well we gon get sum bacci's tmaw but we should both put on 20 for..............YOU KNOW lmao
For the next 2 hours swing by Western Fantasy YP and get the deal shown here: Free Apps & Drink Specials in LoDo
Thanks for the follow. Come visit if you're ever in DC.
Haha in your face. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Uncomplicated Woman uses her femininity in a powerful, persuasive (POSITIVE) way to lift the men in her life.
Hanging in there! Hustling this wrestling like always.lol.
Do you receive this newsletter in the mail?
Good point lol
Cause my little cousin will be bad at me
are you her bitch ?! Haha
We have a gang of people that will come back and get the discussion board back to fun if you want. Up to you. DM me.
busy week! 3 day jury trial (verdict for our client!) and YLD conference. Looking forward to narrating palm sunday concert at Peace UMC.
Just finished reading Escape from Camp 14 by on the way back from South Korea. Powerfu!! Not history, it's happening today.
Packed for the SLB Executive Committee Meeting. lets go
And do not set your heart on what you will eat or drink; do not worry about it.
Otherwise those jerks might inadvertantly have a huge sales day due to confused fans looking for Trespassing! D:
all ladys should be treated like a princess.
Follow <-- Super cool guy! --- Hey Blitch! It was a pleasure to meet you!
Ay u sent be a beat "over_again". Can I use that?
just submitted style guide for final project. Now to finish the project!!
Gina, I don't get it! Millionaires protecting what? No one wants their dirty $! Decisions made by them for Middle Class?
Its like everytime I see you I get a bad vibe*
- This weekend is Off The Clock's First Anniversary...live music Sat. night & give-a-ways all day Sun. Could we get a RT?
Timeline for pages is awesome!!!
We've been doing so well on Kickstarter we've decided to give 20% of anything we make in the last few days to the tribal women in the film.
hahah, how romantic.
Ready to go home but I don't wanna leave. Haha that doesn't even make sense.
awe i MISS you too bestie :'(
pretty easy just post your video on our WALL...Facebook.com/ibileyuniforms
Use The Force!
In skool bored
Mtf ers truly forget were they come from smh.
This RT : The Black Eyed Peas just made the Who's halftime show look decent. What a total failure.
Try not to become just a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value....... Marinate on that world...
About to put an extra blanket on bed jum in the shower and watch tv until it watches me, GN congrats to Floyd
family stuck at SFO because our flight was oversold.#ruinedchristmass I guess if we paid the xtra seat fee we could've made it home
Sad day, man. I'll let them use "It will boost sales of strawberry-scented things" too, if they give me royalties.
no doubleheader for you today?
Got Wordpress Multisites running most of my blogs now. Super nice to only update once for everything. Tutorial to follow.
do they shuffle themselves and predict the future?
dreaming of hanging Xmas lights
I've been dying to get a reply from you! I'm your Boston covergirl, please notice me iloveyou!
thanks! I'm sure my mudskipper will make it safely! The pilot has 20 yrs AA under his belt ;-)
I know, right? #nannerpuss and if you haven't seen that commercial I advise you to look it up haha
what are u talking about lmao. YOU'RE CRAZY!!!
Big shoutout to and from Jane Lang and Paul Sprenger on the #HHAwards stage.
Who doesn't like sushi?? (I listen to Bret every single morning and have ALL kinds of things occur to me to say, heh.)
haha If Dukes is still playing. We might see him in the Sunday beer leagues at the park.
Why does alcohol do that? Sober me hates cigs now. But give me 5 shots & I want a drag <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC>
Hunger Games was good. Too violent for kids under 11 or so, though.
#thingsthatgetmeupset knowing will never notice me <\3
me too. First time I wore it my bf asked if I had a fat lip. Not the look I was going for, but...
Its funny, you really think I give a shit what you say about me, see how Mich I care ? Noooonnnneeee (:
Today is my kids last day of school before the break. I have many last minute errands to run but woke up with a headache.
I just replaced both headlight bulbs in my Mini Cooper-->all by myself. Got my hands real dirty but I saved at least $100! Pretty Sweet. :)
yeah, out now, won't be home til about 11 tonight. :-(
Can't stand when men I don't know think it's okay to touch me- partic when it's a man who's singing to himself at a coffee shop!
I cant sleep!:(
Coo, wat size?
Watching johnny test (:
umm i haven't seen it yet Dx... so you're good lol
Ah massage time
Your tweet are so wise haha I love them RT : My iPod’s shuffle is the Magic 8 Ball of my adult life.
14 Tweets till my next picture. Who should it be? Already had Pacman.
“: Florida is shaped like a penis but it's America's penis and that means it's OUR penis. Bad news. We have herpes” and ED
Also same token if my last tweet got u feelin some kinda way check ya self and see why
Who you guys got in the #NCAAFinals? I got #KANSAS!!
what music class is it?
Its a beautiful day to relax with us!! We are open 10AM-4PM today!!!
Can't make it tonight - but I have the last one on my calendar!
Are you looking for a job? Do you have sales experience? You may want to hit that #DM button and send us a message.
Why the he// are beliebers so selfish?! Justin can't win err'thing.
“: Dispatch: Theft occurred at Save-A-Lot 2125 Weinbach..female loaded meat in purse and fled in a Lumina.
Thanks for the work you did this week. I'm sorry we could not connect after the session.
Doing some tallying. I've got at least 9 videos of from 's Round. There's still time! Fax me your videos!
ilove being around people that can make me laugh cuz im a total goof ball
Love you SBW!! Can't wait for our date next week with xo
its ok i just asked dem :-*
Mike Wallace dies he was 93 RIP Mike
We're tech-based, so our locations have projectors. Not sure it'd work as well without a large screen.
I KNOW. Just when you thought it was all over.
When you buy a whole pig, your going to have a lot of pork. Just sayin'.
Thanks for the RT ! How's the beer in Peoria?
lol noo I had the grilled salmon salad with asparagus and full of amazingness lol happy mothers day to you pretty lady!
Taylor gang or die
Tonight our slate of new executives takes over for the 2011-2012 term. Wish them luck!
This is Tutor Delphia's new SAT and ACT feed. Ask questions about the tests, get tips and tricks! Visit tutordelphia.com for one on one help
she's on her latest rant!!! Take notice
The JFR transfers funds to rescuers in Poland via the PEKAO. Met with an IT person in Warsaw to resolve a techincal issue. Problem solved
when I read this tweet, the song came on(:
I'm excited by what I heard - particularly re: the emphasis on rewarding interdisciplinary innovation. #GWU is on the right track!
lady in pink, whussup?
New Job Opportunities For These Changing Times The art of working at home is becoming more and more relevant to the world. It is a fact t
Big win for the coyotes. Never get tired of seeing the Canucks lose
Those old heads who just drop a bomb of wisdom >>>
Back in the studio...2 def doe productions AKA: sticcy is killing the keys...
that's good! Well me I've gotten myself into quite a situation!
Another day waking up drunk with a mystery stain on the screen of my iPhone haha
Easter morning in the gym. Six people, Zero foreskin.
ooh can we co-write it?
Throw at the reigning MVP just to be a pussy....and then.....pull all your star players to avoid having any retaliation occur...
Tweet me dares and me and will take a video of us doing them and post it ~
The doods are missing their twitter pals...
So, do you do the chop if you're home alone watching the Braves?
Hmm, my upstairs office window is open and I just spotted my kid's cape. Wish me luck!
...and the gallery in New York is: Julie: Artisan's Gallery 762 Madison Ave. New York, NY I'm going to the post office right now.
Kid Architect, SymphonicRefrain, Attractions, & Duke Walker TONIGHT | $10 | Doors 7PM |
ditto on not knowing anyone who owns a Revolution Money card.
As much as I love Stadium Hardware, it sure is great when I find exactly what I need in my own garage.
fruit boots
that's what I said. "Friday" I'll bring u a donut... The Library of Congress is WRONG! I said Friday...
I just got two tickets to (Sun) and they're not yet showing up in my account - is this to be expected? Thx!
I know lol I don't like being mean. I woke up with a sick ass headache :( and I lost my Beanie! !!
Where should I put my tattoo shop? Getting ready to look for locations soon.
For access to medical services to all human beings in the US regardless of job, age, etc.. Everyone needs to have the same access.
um yeah, no vacated titles here homeboy. Getchee facts straight son.
why the hell you up so early
Thank you to Luma, Molly and the team for a great American Archive Inventory kick-start meeting today!
Leaving #aam2012. Thank you again to for the incredible opportunity through the EMP Fellowship.
Writing that short story would beat cleaning.
Speaking at the World Scientific Congress of Golf today. Once on the science of shooting and then on Building Self-Image.
I don't play i get right down to business.
girl yes. Stay where you are! You probably a lot safer lol
oh you poor baby.
you make me feel like lalalalala.
Thursday is the MAMS picnic!
what job?
At razoos with the bm for mothers day...
Day 2! RT : Starting the new year off right -- PRO partners meeting in CA w/ and Exciting 2012!
Partyin with all the Tallarico grandchildren...
Had the Mexicue today and was thoroughly impressed. You'll be seeing the crew again soon enough.
I'm gay
Why on earth is SASmith so negative in his "reporting" from tonight? It's not a report, it's a lecture!
you made the new Daybreak promo! I just spotted you!
i have a headache ;skfjalg;fs;jksfd kill me
u should stayed with a pc how u been though we have not talk n forever
Miami Heat we got The ring next seasons
That's what I was gonna bring anyway!
I'm very jealous that is having the bday party I want! I want performing at my birthday on the 27th!
Crispy! Nutty! :)
Off this week, but
just spotted a pair of ringneck pheasants outside the Visitor Center. Perhaps they'll decide to call the Rouge home. : )
"patience is the key to joy." — rumi
Just made some more purchases for my kit ;)
“: Ommgggg just followed me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> #bffsagain” lol and you followed me back! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
funny enough, I was rocking out to the Crue album with Corabi. Lots of stuff that was ahead of it's time on that baby!!
Tim Tebro is a WAY better quarterback than he is a singer!
We do this! We from the Hood!
RT : RT : Dulles flyby completed; South to North. Here it comes, DC!
oh:/:L no pressure or nun? :L hhahah I will if I don't forget!:L
Two and a half more hours (:
#StevenTyler looked like teenage girl thats strung out on crack & heroin...
did someone mention food?
ima do more than that ;-)
Sleep well, my queen. I hope you have a great time tomorrow.
Funny how we can get so many supplies to Haiti in less than 24 hours but it was a different story for New Orleans.
we'll see
OMG I LOVE IT!!!
Time is Money +_O
Two inspiring ESL graduations last night! More this week and next, and Spanish graduations coming soon as well. People are bilingualizing!
Use GeneDX testing panels of genes for different trials. Few clinical hints+same mutation has different phenotypes within family
<< naw u safe
I want a Nikon camera.
Happy birthday! Your rookie year was my first year playing football I wore #67 felt like a badass for wearing your number man
You know it's good when a line stays long thru lunch hour. Lucky got here early. Try it if you're ever in Perris: Taqueria 2 Potrillos
Just now leaving work...Next destination: key west :)
hey you, get on gchat and talk to me! I'm bored!
I want to see ur beautiful face
Need to plan outdoor stuff with the boy this weekend. The sun returns to Portland.
Im in need of a left shoulder massage
Sunday would be great. Gives people a bit more than a week and a chance to RT/add.
who'd y'all pick for MVP?
RT : Heads up Prince Eric, Aladdin, Peter Pan & other Disney leading men. If Roethlisberger wins he's coming for your ladies
You remind me of my chinese friend...Ug Lee
In high school I was voted most likely to suck seed
My favorite Beastie Boys song? ~The Egg Man~ Saw the convertible driving by Loaded up the slingshot and let one fly.....
Hiya, your profile looked interesting. I tweet science, atheism, skepticism, other culture.
Keep up this attitude homegirl, and I'll never return your Perfect Strangers box set.
is really enjoying watching the Harry Potter movies with Jesse. Yay Lupin!
Wow is fucking crazy !! Boom boom boom /via
Government control of the uterus has been a main goal of conservatives for years.
They truly are the greatest generation....... Not a history buff? start reading some books about WWII
Just found a #Redbox dvd down in a pocket of my coupon binder that I thought I had returned 2 wks ago. That's gonna hurt.
His #thirdtheologicaloration is the best.
Dont choke on my salty pretzal
Would you let me host a banner of yours on my site?
I love your music but have even more respect 4 U after I saw ur interview with Oprah. LadyGaGa follow me I put out meaning quotes.
Wow sick photo! Makes me miss my media buying days.
didn't you start prop d?
good times to come!!!
just ripped my eyebrow off from a peeling face mask
Seeking for an exciting career? Bramson ORT College could you to reach that goal! Admissions is in progress now http//www.bramsonort.edu/
I know! It would be amazing if he tweeted me too! :)
#WorstRapLineEver harlem world we got gatas, not dead i said they alive lions tigers bears ohh my - camron smh
Glad to make the connection! RT : #RamonWOW just called because is AWESOME...left voicemail
Betsey Johnson stores are closing! I'm so sad...I hope they're still open in Las Vegas next month so I can buy out the whole store!!!
for sure! Good luck at your interview!!
Thanks We're excited about gardening, too. Let's pool tips to show people how easy it can be :)
I'm working on sth very cool :)
we loved all of the photos it would be difficult to choose one. loved to see village members helping & engaging in the process!
So ... how did your tattoo come out?
I wish I would of played a sport this year , I feel like such a loner lol
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
I'm thinking of leaving work, growing a beard and joining a circus
Tired af but twitter is so damn addicting. More than fucking nicotine.
whats all this talk about you and kim. FUCK DAT
Two years away from 30. Ugh
do you got the car
How you Doing Mr. Kweli? Name is Leon Bates...Wanted to ask you to listen to a Columbus artist named 5Fold!
If you have an ought with someone take it to them. Harboring anger inside hardens your heart.
1) To earn money without working. 2) Pass exams w/o studying 3) To love w/o being hurt. 4) Eat w/o getting fat. That's all I really wanna do
#MahoneOnB96 Trend it?
What pic I'm lost??
Food Trucks in Rice Park today! Come grab lunch! Music by McNally Smith too!
Maybe I shouldn't have passed that last gas station
are you, MAD, woman?!
LeBron you are doing the right thing
i'm so exhausted...o.-
simply stunning!
pubilc hocked over #SOPA, Congress/Senate need to listen, election time is coming!
We hope the New Year is treating you well. This shall be the year of The Non-Com. We hope you can join us.
uh oh....that explains it! I'm almost afraid to ask who...
Get a great haircut compliments will follow ....
Great weekend birthday treat--La Nouba. My kids are the best.
Mine either
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst! His work is absolutely superb!
hey did u ever get da diploma?
Tough to watch that crash yesterday in Las Vegas. RIP Dan Wheldon. We never know when it's our time to go, so make every day count.
Mike and Molly was funny.... Had a good time!!
Im not sure I believe you, Lindsay.
That's awesome! 8-10 might work, definitely not 15-17 since we have a mega conference those days. Keep me posted! =))
True ish RT : #Cancer has a need for a permanent partner, no flings just likes straight up relationships.
Thanks for checking in on #Foursquare always a pleasure to have you stay with us!
get to work too....stop being a baked potato...
Done at Mother's? Git on into the Cow and get you moolicious drink on!! Giddy Up!
Boys That Fight Alot #TURNOFF . control your fucking anger the consequences are worse than the reward
says you want a good idea for "Survivor" ? How about Suvivor: Compton.
That's what I mean. .353 batting average, .464 on-base, 52 home runs
OMG What do she got on? SHE RATCHET!
makes me wanna train to do that but I took one class and couldn't move after lol
xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxoxdo I love my phone
Monday moping: I did just miss the bus though.
glad to hear “: the issue has been resolved. Thanks!”
A little bummed b/c I'm not headed to Chicago to run the marathon like i was for the last 2 years! Finishing a marathon=BEST feeling ever:)
I elect to lead the "Alex is our QB" campaign! New offense, no offseason, and we went 13-3 and made it to NFCC game!
I dreamt that I, at long last, finally got a smart phone. My dream smart phone blew the iphone out of the water, just sayin.
If I don't say this now, I will surely break As I'm leaving the one I want to take Forgive the urgency but hurry up and wait.
My arm muscle is spazzin !.
Thanks for that !
RT - If the Jacksonville Jaguars are known as the "Jags" & the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are known as the "Bucs" what do you ca...
plannin to create some movies and give some other people some opportunity...
It's a myth that all black men have big dicks. We have ginormous dicks! Ask your girl!
Bend but don't break mentality....
"Annie" (most famous red-hair girl, eva!!) ;)
Book reveals how a Scottish snail changed the law
Readying for four readings in six days in three towns. I need to brew some coffee so I have something responsible to pour this scotch into.
No map of Hindenburg's final flight exists--it burned in the disaster. But a DC passenger mapped the route each day.
#starwarsgasm im having, hm yes
yes it better.
that song always reminds me that there is probably shitty indie rock being written about me RIGHT NOW
never mind
I brought you some last weekend! My family and I were in town & it was gorgeous, but I heard it's been a tough winter.
need to read....will i? prolly not
it's the only thing keeping our muscles from spontaneously combusting
it's good to find someone who likes to rely on data!
I'm waiting for that one as well
For me it's Tulle. So Delicate, so soft.
Everyone wish a happy birthday!!
tebow my ass lets go pats!
I wish I can take my bed with me to college... my bed is a sanctuary to me
: "When #women feel more self-confident, it can change the course of her life and perhaps the course of life."
Thanks for the RT :) Looking forward to reading more of your tweets!
Echoes. Robert Henri said to look for them. Sometimes the shape or direction will echo through the picture. #quote #art #fine art
I WANT TO MAKE A MOVIE :)
we could be interested. our list has over 1. mil members
Why do I see my RA this early?
“: The question is not "Are games art?" but rather, "Is art puzzle-platformers?"” Gafaw!
Or me. If you ever hear some guy that starts screaming at people who stop walking near the bottom of an escalator, it's me.
I'm just hoping that status wasn't bout me
Wish he'd go back to his cave. Neanderthal. : Walker didn’t cave during 8 years as Milwaukee County Executive... & won't cave now.
uh are we the only ones??
Yeah! I did my Intro to Public Relations project about them. Aww yeah I remember they had an Aussie!
uh oh?
Welcome publisher of indies!
OMG!!! That's a miracle. I thought I'd sent them to San Francisco!!!!
Yes. My position interacts with MDs/PhDs. You're nothing if you don't have letters behind your name.
Nope, no sun. We were just in Surrey recently (near Vancouver?) and didn't get a break there either!
hey sup. How r things goin?
can't even flex, once i hit 100, i'm goin to the Bermuda Triangle.
The kid has no one to blame but his father for whats happening. SAD we all wanted to see him succeed
just drank some OJ. Will stock up on the others! Thanks :)
2nd place is the 1st loser.
After each sip of blue kool-aid, my son runs to the bathroom to look at his blue tongue.
Not sure what to read at open mic tonight--I've been misheard twice in a row as if my work grants permission for discomforting performances.
please come to chicago
Oh hey trackpad on MacBook... Way to stop working like you're supposed to
On my way to this derby party
Obviously they couldn't respond to every tweet/comment, but I think ANY response would have gone a long way.
Tuesday nights in Rome will never the same! Hope you pulled out all the stops.
Protect yourself at ALL times - Floyd Mayweather
We certainly are! We'd love to have you! #runnerds RT : you came up in convo last night. I heard you're a fun race!
Ignorance and servitude and poor social priorities cost more. Worth every penny I say to call out those who are screwing us!
still alive... Matt's got ideas. Julian on video. Ryan on mixing board. Fine is biz. All playing instruments. Breath for air soon.
And you thought we died... Ha
Are Magazines on the same path as books? - User generated tech ...
Custom made necklaces have been so much fun to make for everyone! I may do this again once I'm back from the Texas tour!
FYI, It's also hard to pee with the devil on your back,
Just noticed that my twat of a roommate that moved out a month early stole my swifter mop. Guess I'll be cleaning my floor with baby wipes.
Have you ever had scrapple for breakfast?
Welcome Thanks so much for following! Glad to connect with you.
fuck no my bro
I remember when I went to chicago.
Off for a run with let's do this buddy !
I'll be there!! It's been a minute sense I've had a good laugh
The best 15th Birthday present would be tweeting me. :) Then my day would be COMPLETTEEE
I got an A on my debate notes and a C on the debate itself. But my grade only went up 1%. Its still a D (68.9%). WTF!!!!!!!!!
with compass yeaa I just have to get an 86 in class but with my absences idk :/
If u want a baby with the birth date of 11-11-11, get on it tonight. Last chance.
Thank you for the reply. What is your specialty and how long have you been practicing? I'm a networker and an entrepreneur.
Even if you protect pictures by coding people an snip using grab on Mac or snipping tool on PC.
Just had the best lunch w/ !!! Love that girl!! Happy birthday my darling!!!
the Republican blow-back re: Obama's comments about Trayvon Martin is literally insane. Disgraceful that it morphs into political rhetoric.
Change your password. Your twitter account has been sending spam DM's.
love the saying "no matter where you go there you are."
No problem, great blog you have on tumblr
In case you don't already know Felix Salmon is a genius, pls watch Counterparties.com trailer here tinyurl.com/3uj2pfd
Missed you!!!<3
Wiped from beach vollyball and beers. Nice night on the water.
Hey love!!!! xo xo xo
congrats! Big days like this don't come around often, try to savor it!
Maturity is only a short break in adolescence.
I'm figuring the biggest lesson most of those kids took home is"our religion is full of dicks."Which probably won't serve the Church
Pork chops for dinnnaaa!
were u able to eat all that food in one sitting?
Keep your head up you guys, things will ALWAYS get better.
yeah, you'll never get bored......lol starting to miss, heading back up there in june for the bball tournaments
Day one of London 2012 meeting! The program started with an informative presentation from Dr. Murray Fingeret. We will post pictures soon!
Narration/Edit so close! Re-budgeting,planning fundraising for finishing $, marketing & distribution.
This x factor show is so similar to american idol that its ridiculous!
Ya hook me up please! Dying over here.
I'm so tired!
Let the fittings begin!
that girl he's sitting next to is his supposed girlfriend. Looks like a grade A whore
AH so many "to-dos" on my editorial calendar this week and so little time! I've been an MIA busy bee, but back soon, PROMISE!
Deal or No Deal Model Ursula Mayes by dohn121
breakfast consists of peanut butter & jelly sandwich with a banana a cup of milk & cup of coffee !!!! M :)
thanks for the #FF!
I agree.
u already went back??
Hoping to make it from MKE to DEN this evening.
Every day I'm shuffling
Lol only my cat likes for me to use the blow dryer on her..
Models, dancers, vixens, etc just don't realize how many dudes on college campuses went crazy over this pic...they soon will
DealShow is on and selling great items as low as $1 or $2! Go check it out, www.dealshow.com
where at?
In a 'More than a Woman' kinda mood
Feeling very white right now.
Black ops 2 hell yea :) cant wait
Why her hands all wrinkle tho??
Hi Geneva, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
RT : What's a reliable source for what USA-awarded PhDs are doing 5 years post-degree? I read a claim that I'd like to compare.
RT : do you guys have a gluten free menu? // yes!
I ain't trying to be in Detroit this summer
follow. Follow. Follow
thanks for sharing. Hope you had a great weekend! ^ag
i can't, my computer isn't working
Absolutely, but it is still a shame. I may be a Bronco, but I absolutely feel for you guys. Best of luck this upcoming season.
Great Night Last night at the Land Of Ahhs In Scottsdale!! I Opened with Daniel Nahmod at the Emerald City Concert series .
if Denver is not a good destination for manning how the hell is AZ ... They have nothing ...
Finally back home from my Grandmother's house. I'm so exhausted. Good night everyone.
o lol sorry it's just I luv Roc n I get MADD when people tawlk bout him n they ain't clean whoo :/
I just DM you Bro!
happy birthday my nigga
i GOT A BIG DICK KANYA
Awesome! RT : Two #WPIAL kids on #ESPN today
#EverydayIThinkAbout texting you first. But then I think, "If you really wanted to talk to me, you'd text me first."
Are you completely moving away from SA? Like all your stuff from your house?
Jaysee Amaya Clemenzie (Payhorastylinsonlik), Happy birthday I love you so much<U+2665> You have finally reached 15 (c)
Does Another Earth have scenes shot in Hamden? Loved the West Haven shots. Been there so many times. Never imagined it filmed.
Taking in a bit of the ol ultra violence. Cabin in the woods and The raid double feature. With
Double chocolate chunk!!
I can go all night long ;)
About to talk to 30+ 7th graders at Wilson Middle School about National History Day! Very excited to share how awesome archives are w/ kids!
enjoying some scarves, soup and space heaters. happy monday!
you are the MASTER! i'm watching my video of you..haha
apps labeled "FBML" is still funny
GL: attempt 2 discredit Ethnic Studies in advance. Part of why I'm here today 2 speak to AsAm students. I'll speak to Philosophy assoc next
he has, Duquesne
I just love getting sick... #ihatethrowingup I wish Tim was here... I need a hug. :/
What a lovely day for tacos
my life is not my own. Lord I will go where YOU want me to go and do what YOU want me to do. Daddy, I trust YOU.
don't keep running back to the person you need to walk away from.
How are my followers doing tonight? :D
Damn girl! I see gettin low.
Is there a formal search happening for dog Patch in Johnston Co? Which I-40 rest stop was it? I'm w/SPCA of Wake Co in Raleigh.
Pre-workshop training for anyone attending the upcoming L2 Gaming Literacy workshop begins in half an hour! Check your email for the link.
No one is superior or special in the eyes of God.
I want you to become the president of the gay community.
of course!
as seen on tv. No shipping and handling on twitter though.
"Splish Splash!!" :D
From UB Police: All orientation and Access UB activities are canceled this weekend, and all classes/events after 2pm on Sat are canceled.
If you are in Vegas you can find me on the floor.
I'm gonna miss that lil Jew
they're all gonna want to see it bc of ZE. Too sexy??
you're annoying as fuck
Thanks for your input
TONIGHT - DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Play the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music at Albuquerque's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!!!
I can't even think about ticks. Will be swatting phantom crawlies all night.
Today's the last day of CERCLL's summer workshops: a participant says she's learning about herself as well as others' cultural understanding
RT : sessions! | yes let's do it!
Thank you very much!!
Where will you Eat this weekend? Try
oh well the pats got chandler jones dt from syr. And Hightower from from Alabama olb.
What's my rate?? :) : Doing features all this week name your own price
Sofia Vargara breaks the chart ratio of hottest woman to most annoying voice.
now is also showing his video tools that he believe will be a simple fix to make citable
#Gratitude: working twitter account!!! Garden almost done, , support of friends, clean dogs (finally), nice dinner, warm bed.
Nathan could you pretty please call 857 719 6904 at some point today to wish my sister Marie a happy 17th birthday? :3
Thank you! I am always reachable if you have questions or comments! RT At the Chamber of Commerce meeting this morning...
The worst part is that I think the guys on the other team hurt me on purpose. The game was getting a little unfriendly.
Thank You! RT : . it was fantastic! Saw it last night & have been recommending that others go see it!
Also addicted to words with friends. Lawd these people make like the best apps!
thanks for adding me to your list!
#Tiger is also a huge fan of #NFL #Raiders. #Superbowl is going to be battle of the Bay #SF vs #Oakland. ROCK :)
Good to hear your better now. Hope you recover fast. Yeah! Life is good, better take good care of your health. always add...
Glad you like it!
I'm even still up...
Timber score 1 minute & 15 seconds in!
Smoking on that purple call me Ninja Turtle!
In homeroom, walking around the school bored with some friends.
Congrats to you and your class!
yo was up sir
Here are three things you can do to recover from a crash. 1. Pres Ctrl + ALT + Delete Then start task manager, under the application tab...
You actually have to pay them.
This weekend in #1863CWJ: Meet up with the recruiting officer to find out if you're fit to join the infantry, cavalry, or artillery.
I need my hair done
just worked at 8 and a half hour shift. jealous?
I don't get to stay on Twitter late & do hoodrat tweets with my friends when she comes over lol, tonight was WAY too fun to have been missed
ATTENTION: SUMMER DEALS 50%....FOR BOOKIN ME...... $125 for you tube videos,shows and events.... $75 to HOST OR MC,PROMOTE OR MARKETING...
WHAT THE FUCK
Perfection! Have fun!!! RT : 13 girls, 6 guys, VIP, one epic trip.. priceless. #Vegas were ready for you!!
Technically, it's not a podium. It's a dais.
I rlly miss you too dude! And ur gonna die of shock once we talk but as far as I know everything is gravynowmayb:p :)
np! <3 have you had a chance to check out my music ? =))
She's just a handcuffy kind of lady...?
I think I'm getting really mature because I just walked away with a sip of wine still in my glass.
Thanks for the follow
if 7% communication is words, then what is your body language giving away about your personal brand? Time to get congruent inside and out
he's gonna be at the fight!
I can't help but read tweets from in a loud monotone voice inside my head.
Follow / #fny2012 for a panel on Expanding #Museums happening right now
I am runnin this shit, I am so exhausted. Batter up bitches, but approach with caution.
Set your clocks ahead so you're up in time for Healthy Matters, 730 AM Sunday morning on
RT : Tee hee! (Throwing down the gauntlet.)
Hanging out with I know you're jealous... And
...and please remember, most writers don't actually enjoy doing all this promo stuff. except maybe (it's a joke, joe :P)
I Can't wiat to visit South korea! I've been talking about it since last winter, come sometime around August I'll finally get 2 go!
I'm allergic to negative people.
Tonight: Against Grace/ The Chuck Shaffer Picture Show w/ The Overtones and Others May Fall....Music starts at 8:00pm
Fuckin wit me is like Russian Roulette : Im cold as Quebec
Backstage at a show, sitting on the good vibes of artists.
Squirting isn't great either, but better than oozing. I always associate moist with sweat/other personal liquids
what's up mane
In traffic and realize I have a serious wait problem. I hate waiting!
Ok, i'm following :)
Um I'm sure I'm not alone but I want a Jersey, oh and a slightly longer contract
Baking with Mom and then to the park for a cookout
yea sowwy boo :/ and OMG take a pic and chance ur picture
Get excited for tonight's opening! MFA student work + Popsicles= a good way to start off a Friday night. See you at 6pm!
Saturday will be a big day!!! 9-picks in the 4th-7th rounds. Where Ted Thompson makes his money!! Love that GM!!
Look what this Boy sent to his Grandma instead of his Girlfriend
me too
America - The Story of Us
What said. You really don't want to have to explain to your parents (or future employers) what they saw on Facebook. Trust me.
Rabbit feet are luck for everyone, except for rabbits. #HappyEaster!
haha that's awesome! definitely not an easy task when we've built our lifestyle around it
Tru, but Clinton was an incumbent. Like Clinton, made a mistake. I'm glad he's recovering but it will take some time.
Looking forward to taking my first Horticultural Therapy class today!
working away
tick tock. T-11 days 'til his due date. :)
Never Once Have I Said I Dont Care, But He Has, Smh, Cool Beans
Anti-carbs? We got you covered. Try the Low Carb Burger: no bun, no fries just the meat with bacon, cheese and baby greens!
Hosting business summit for 250+ Students/Entrepreneurs on campus Apr4. Hav press passes avail. Would u be interested? Thx!
One more week!
Why can I only eat two pieces of pizza and I feel like I'm gonna vom. So sad
Wanna know a secret? Shhh, you can't tell anyone. Okay? K. I uh.... Shower naked.
don't drink the koolaid that this isn't a major failure by bo and his staff.
Failure? Sorry, I'm not familiar with that term.
... Shannon what is the likelihood the broncos have or are going to offer Payton a contract before he leaves ??
Well thanks for the invite on that one.
we all love you too! <3 #acon :D
The more memes, the better. Tip of the cap.
I COULD HAVE TOLD YOU THATT. :)) hahah
Happy birthday to my partner Fence
Lmfao it's crazy how I thought that tweet was about ya girl >>>> LMFAO shit not healthy.
lmao. No worries.
Talking shit, you just digging your grave.
I try 2 make a peace shaped cookie... but it KINDA FAILED!;)
And the award goes to ! Congrats!!
Back at work after a lovely Westport weekend. AB's on a train to Annapolis. It's the last week of the Sept close. And Monday.
Thank you Jason Keyser for the great recommendation! We appreciate it!
I do what I'm told!
Cheers to for redeeming the first #FreeDrinkFriday today! Another to be announced at 7pm. Stay tuned.
Money Tip: Buy Gas on Mon. & Tues - Dept of Energy Releases Reports Every Wed. & If the News is Bad - Gas Prices Usually Go Up After it...
Saw Robert Toensend's "Hollywood Shuffle" last night. Still funny and true as ever today
Needs a big hug :( as of next week I'm homeless. I might stay in Ibiza and not come back
He had major complications from a ruptured appendix several years ago. He was very sick.
much appreciated Larry!
Ditto. Thoughts? RT : Nook or Kindle?
Thank you, Gaga! Have a marvelous day yourself! :)
damn boul ! , where you been ! lol
M lobster!
Try try try you are pwettyful you are pwettyful you're a sexy beast
Let me give your heart a break <3
"Men, like nails, lose their usefulness when they lose direction and begin to bend." ~Walter Savage Landor
Pitt is battling against East Tenn State
Do enjoy wallowing in your debt? Want to accumulate even more, rather than conquer it? Then don't read tomorrow's post on Bite Size Idea...
that happened!?
it's annoying
what cafeteria do we go to todat?
Good mornin everybody didn't get any GM text this morning so let's see who says it back
If anyone saw what I just did they would throw up
School tommorow:) tell me are you happy:) or not happy:(?
I feel absolutely no rage about spending my Saturday morning watching CSPAN as the Chick-Fil-A guy gets a honorary degree from Liberty.
10/27/1942: As 3,000 Jews were deported from Opoczno, Poland, to Treblinka death camp, a few escaped to forests & form partisan group Lions
Why they still allow radio stations to play anything (beside Pump It) by the Black Eye Peas is beyond me...just stop.
we should have all become skateboarders. Then we could just have a blast everyday like Rob & Big.
Marvin Harrison! My favorite #colts player of all time!
Can you topic model poetry? Does it work on polysemic texts?
Well you gave it your best shot. Now you know how that guy on Man vs. Food Feels. Some days the food wins.
We are super fly pumped to have you! Those French toast sticks look yummy!!!!!!!!
your wife is amazing.
Loved the One Thing Video!!! Ahh-Ma-Zing! Love me some :)
Yea, I wouldn't be surprised if that's been done with some kinds of psychedelics. DMT hasn't been widely explored though.
Hopefully Monta tips when he comes to Vegas unlike you.
I Want A White Tattoo......18 Should Come Faster! Wanna Be Tattooed Up. lol
Happy Mother's Day Preds Fans!
Get a free cup of regular, decaf or hazelnut coffee to go at any Yours Truly on Tues, 8/30, 6:30 to 10 am. Thanks for 30 delicious years!
Wtf I'm supposed to do with that?! It's smaller than my finger!
Yeah! I stop taking thm last month but, my Iron dropped to 10.4 so now im taking red iron pills twice a day. Did they make you sick
Govt. is like the air we breath -- totally necessary, if not a little dirty from time to time.
Why are people I don't even follow showing up on my timeline?
Today there is one goal and one goal only.....have fun and party hard
Then did you send me a private message to visit a website to lose weight? =P
I am the third wheel on this night. I was the fifth wheel last night. Always the odd person out.
thanks for the RT's
Yeah? Yeah? Well you know what? THIS IS WHAT I THINK ABOUT YOU. *unfollows*
And Emily too come to think about it...
Been at for 15.5 hours now. Hoops!
green red? same thing..
he only puts up with being my FRIEND because he wants to get closer with you.
Studying for finals begins now. Welcome to
get it how you live..... lil nigga
#YoureInTheFriendzoneIf Im always "busy" on the weekends.
lmfaoo hell no
Great Day at Midway as the Lord truly blessed!
just say you'll go. anyway no one ever shows up when they say they will to fb events
I have the MN one pinned! It would be cool if someone did one of #Milwaukee with all the neighborhoods.
tell me u wouldn't love to watch a first baseman chase a fucker down and check him into the wall ;)
that's they fault they're scared off goons
Day 3 without dessert. I feel like Renton from Trainspotting.
I must have had some kind of subconscious and subversive new year's resolution to have insomnia this year.
What up nobody?
I really don't know if I want to teach summer lessons.. Ugh.
i think they should kill all current NBA players, make new teams, get new people, and see where it goes from there.
Girl put yourself on the damn mini bus …
After today, I've decided to quit my job to pursue my dreams of becoming teen model. Good day.
Our health always seems much more valuable after we lose it.
Gamel done for season...
Twitters being a ratred.
"The Nutty Professor."
you two are crazy(:
I need new friends. Seriously these motherfuckers got to go
Is it just me or is this wedding thing on #ACMs a little weird?
Im not to worried just gonna go with the flow... What more can I do ??
3 Lafayette Square-area restaurants offer tastes of China, Vietnam, India
apparently thinks Obama does every job in his admin all by himself
You can book me for Event Hosting, Special Appearances, Birthday Parties, and More!
Details please?! RT: THE CUPCAKE CRAWL IS 6 DAYS AWAY! Excited, ? (cc: )
The last thing we need is another bad singing show.
Picking up the Wolf...getting ready to throw down in athens...
Lol suck a mean one I'm hella weak !!
When building online student services, recognize that on campus students will probably be the majority users. Design accordingly.
Everytime 's american express commercial comes on my sister and I are on the floor laughing! So freaking funny! Xx
Stop worrying about what gifts you r born with and more about what you do with it!
congrats on making a favre story even more unappealing and annoying by including Bernard expletive berrian.
you only live once? :)
Exercise is one of the best activities to keep you young <3
Hilites of Globetrotters on News4 at 11:“: Yup! Managed to sink a 3 pointer and drove pretty hard to the basket."
Check out our buddies in cause they're all sexy beasts!!
I'm from ky but currently living in Paris Tn
Chipotle and The Polar Express
I'm sorry baby, do you have a sorethroat ?
#itgrindsmygears When youu dont follow me or notice me:( but i never say never<3
let me know wen u find out
- ok, but no "the pieces are in place"!
thank you!! <U+2665>
Thanks also for the follow. I hope you have a wonderful day!
is there any1 worth taking a look @ w/ the miniMLE that is above 6'9"? Putting a lot of stock in health/stamina of KG & JO
So, apparently, I'm doing so well at my temp job, that they're gonna let go another temp, and I'm gonna do both jobs. Um... O_o
hey noww ! Don`t make funn ! Goldfish are my favoritee (:
Virtual Scavenger Hunt! $25 Gift Card prizes from Starbucks, JambaJuice, Subway, Olive Garden and BJ's! First Hint on 10/7 @ 11 a.m. sharp!
You just wasted your time reading this. Congrats.
S/O To Just love Latinas hahaha
“: we get it poppinn in the parking lot.”
Chinese for the day: <U+80CC><U+90E8> [bèibù] the back of the body
RT - World Series. #TheShow Cleveland Indians vs Atlanta Braves. Let's get it!
How are the spurs boring to watch ????
Fuck.. Since when did relationships become so complicated?
I really don't want to do this Florida virtual school thing but my mom says she won't be the tickets if I don't.
Come downtown for the ONE UP experience. Happy hour drink specials and (better than bar food) eats!! DJ Hump spinning hip hop, R&B 9-close
Nothing cuter then Man Mahomies & Dude Directioners ;p
Cake vodka?!?
"every African ain't that beautiful." -Shadae on #RestlessCity - Bold choices. Beautiful.
welcome Greg - we need more literary people on Twitter, most definitely
This is being recorded! Will post videos asap!
You may find a degree of comfort in identifying the successful people with whom you share faults. But never let it become a source of pride.
I didn't listen to Donna Summer and i don't even know who she is so i'm not gonna pretend i did but showing respects
Can it really be 50 years since John Glenn orbited the Earth?
im just imagining you lookin exactly how you do in your prof pic on the train chatting this girl up
who are these people? Intorduce me to them, I'm not comfortable talking to strangers, especially over the world wide web
ok ok! I apologize.
Sarah and her husband discovered was an amazing
wrds r cheap. encourging words dont cost us anything..we throw thm around like we r acomplishng somthing noble.Tangible help..that is noble
I wonder if we could possibly ask Justin Vernon to not use falsetto for a while...
whats new tonight?
I hold the world but as the world...A stage where every man must play a part...
what is iitttt follow me!
waiting on these nigga &
Awesome! Thanks..
I don't know taking a semester at the very least for myself to feel better and be back to "normal" wouldn't be bad
#6000th tweet! Woot woot I like to thank my mom for having me lol.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I work with kids therefore I am happy. Why aren't you happy?
For chrissake, how is it already 6? I came in early & didn't even take lunch. Not feeling good & being super sore from workout doesn't help.
awesome thing about KMail: when you write that you are sending an attachment but press send w/o attaching, it reminds you
Yes, I don't want to remember that one. SURREAL! Campus and city were like zombies for days.
The real question is will I ever use my computer again?
Walmart after midnight because yolo
Quests who just arrived in Charlotte, NC!!! EEk!!! So excited!
I really need to work out but I can't stop watching big bang theory.
ordering a lot of printer ink there my friend.
Learning about apples falling?
and thanks Jaime!
Work till 6, then birthday dinners with the fam, plus so much homework, this sunday's gonna suck:(
- *closeup of bead of sweat moving slowly down Sam's brow* *audible exhale*
Haha guys we just want pictures of you handing out shit, taping posters, and our bands - but now I've learned Andrew W.K. has pits haha
Threading eyebrows with #ouch but worth it I will definately keep getting them done that way :))
I literarily dropped my iPhone for the very first time when I saw RT me!!!Good thing nothing happend to it or I'll be dead lol
back atcha! Looking forward to next time.
With Living Stress Free® solutions happen effortlessly as by-products of the program.
vinyl junkie?
RT Did you know Brian Williams was hilarious?? Super funny dude.
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 11
So true. Interviews should not be complicated--- Exec Recruiters Agree There Are Only 3 True Job Interview Questions - Forbes via
Making my way back to the U.S.
I was so close temple run ... i did that run with no wings or head starts. I was just earning coins and got a new high
People always fear what they don't understand. Be afraid of what you think you do.
@ us if ur going2 at on 5th and K NW! ALL KINDS OF YUMMY TREATS 4a GREAT CAUSE! Try our green tea cupcakes!
I have literally done that. Programming has its highs and lows.
From Everyone here at STUFF, we wish you and yours a safe and fun New Years Eve and Day!
What are your kids' favorite excercises?
those who practice goodness breed good nature.
peace through poetry - a powerful possibility
oh I do. I am old. Lol.
Mark Milby of the Sykesville Rotary Club is telling us about how they got 14 new members in one month! People want to get involved...
Take what??
RT : Disney and Lake Underhill Park runs. RT : What is your favorite family-friendly activity in Central...
I dont know what I can do at here twitter...
Just bought ticket to Avengers next Friday. No interest in seeing it in 3D but I did want to see it in IMAX. No 2D IMAX?
Yes i made it to 200 followers shout out to my 200th follower you rock. =D
Friendly pedantic reminder: -- <U+2260> —
Nice! I'm Wilshire+Sepulveda, right next to 405. Every week is different but if next week is cool lets circle back on monday
pictures please
It happens, long season though RT“ Wish the game in St. Louis was cancelled”
Deuce chains I'm fung shway
Just confirmed a call with this week to talk about GameHouse & our investments in social.
lol where my white boy's at
Take care of your body- It’s where you live- InSpotter mobile app
This afternoon's project? Going grocery shopping with my wife, Cinda. It's strange I know, but this is our idea of fun.
LOL u never cease to surprise me with the new words lol
#clippernation lets do this tonight!
What color did you dye it?
$5,000 for 1934B series Fed Reserve Note with a star in the serial number issued by the Kansas City Federal uncirculated condition.
Automotive repair and collision body repair shop - Customer Satisfaction is our first priority.
There's tons of info out there - feel free to email me and I will help if I can -
Hurry! We only have 4 buy one get one free Latisse sets!
Registered this morning...looking forward to checking it out.
LHC keynote reception starting in 15 min! Come meet Tony Plana Keynote address to follow at 6:30!
“: My hell would involve a party bus” I'm so glad someone else shares this sentiment.
I love when people doubt me, cause when I prove them wrong they feel stupid as shit,
i completely agree!!!!!! love #thevoice!!!!
RT : ok...Ive been checkn daily! I luvvv u by far my FAVE #BBW!!< I agree she has really grown!
First candy cane of the season.. #Ohjeeze :p
So distracted by the Charger Girls you couldn’t finish that story? Don’t worry I won’t tell the wife…
- My most recent fav is a (spectacle) show called HOMINID that toured Europe for 3 months.
just in the beginning. You will see. Gather yourself up.
too funny. any takers? (waits for some dude to tweet, "but women do this too....)
True Story!
is my hero. i would want to make it in the industry just for a chance to have a conversation w/ him XD
When cute boys get with ugly girls <<<<
Free the weed!!!
Goodwill Industries - Big Bend, Inc.
oh ok...yea last I remember you moved to DFW .. goin in with that boy
Dont think im a go out tonight..... And damn sho aint touchin the rest of the Goose
Thank you! That means a lot!
How can you love and respect yourself today? I am going to start by taking a nice, long hot bath. Aaahhh...
Thanks for the shout out!
We are trying out Oscar's at the Plaza for the first time. I'm about to eat my arm off. But hey, the decor is well done!
I wouldn't be surprised if I pass out tomorrow during school.
Inspiration and Perspiration...recipe for today.
Follow for tweets from todays's rally for unarmed black teen fatally shot neighborhood Watch Captain in Florida.
This will be the longest 18 days of my life.
Sleeping and driving is the new Texting and driving
They utilize art & materials to design spaces to both reflect & inspire their users
shut up. You're not the one whos in love with josh hutcherson. loljk
I love all time low!
Never look back, just keep on going! And when you get there, breathe and be proud!!!
I can't walk in these shorts. Too short when I walk and then I feel awkward.
Ok all tables booked...ladies get in free b4 11... on the tables and hosting...
Ugh, I should go home.. .
Are you a Holistic Health Practitioner?
We need to get this budget ready to go on the road.
Yesterdays 15 hour day has me moving in slow motion today.
#NP oh well - juicy j and 2 chains..
Nothin better than having a wingman like getting your back w/ Raider/Laker fans around watching throwdown!
Well not waiting didn't do Diana any favors - I am glad they waited until it was right - for them. Much love xoxo
you gotta make me famous too<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><U+263A>
Has your partner ever prevented you from leaving the house, seeing friends/family, getting a job, or continuing
please write a blog on the art of the hustle. I'd like to hear your definitions and experiences
Also - North Coast 2010 Old Stock Ale at Dilly - awesome!
Use Nurses at Mercy are AWESOME ! CONGRATULATIONS !!!!!!
Some people need to lay of the Hater-ade <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
ha u crack me up!
another one what? A movie? Lol
I did..but it might've been too late
Wishing everyone a fun a safe
But we old right ?? LOL that rondo response » »
Our booking agent dropped us from the tour 2 months ago and never told anyone. We had no idea no one else knew.
heh, lost another follower... guess I shouldn't be surprised
DONE! If this doesn't get me some bush & coke then I don't know what will?
I prefer it anyway.
u need to come holla at me thinking bout a trip in may
#top100lies I'm over him!(:
Lower back: lower back pain at the lumbar vertebrae
Mad & tried to crowd surf on a nigga haha. No go
that's how we do baby!!!!!
Keith: I love the news on #current! Would love to see on a morning show from 7-9am. Possible?
I'm going to try it tonight.
One of the keys to being successful in business is to avoid sleeping with your colleagues.
8 page paper done and its not even 5 o'clock
If its strawberries I'll be there,Boo vanilla or chocolateR T Mine hasn't in a while RT : My milk shake
love u2 baby<3
I just got in the worst mood, for like no reason :(
wow 260 tweets and almost all of them are for you #FeelSpecial lol
freaking awesome. what a stud. welcome to the world, little man.
“: If your an artist looking for Dub Step Beats or production with a "BUDGET" . Please contact Taira Daniel
Good to connect with you on LinkedIn. What number can I reach you at (feel free to DM me)?
You can look me in the eyes and see that I hate myself.
Eventually, I expect my entire wardrobe to consist of XKCD t-shirts.
I will, I'll let you know what I think
Well this Google+ redesign looks interesting.
Call it a hunch, but I got a feeling that shows are going to be especially amazing tonight.
#mus105 posted essay from last week on Blackboard. Will be revising for Wednesday.
Almost forgot to sort my M&Ms by color and number before consuming them! Narrowly averted that disaster, phew.
If your a laker fan and u live in michigan it clearly means your parents dont love u
I'm always instagramming my cats :D
On this day in 1789 Congress officially adopted the title of "President" for the nation's chief executive.
you're just jealous of my relationship with your girlfriend, I understand. We can get past this..
List I have head several of your entries . Your stuff is all amazing and perfectly related to what we are doing!
want what? Im zak can u follow me back
Lecrae's 'Church Clothes' comes out tomorrow!!
i wanna learn to play guitar, bass & drums && scream lol
Do you think they sent Betty to a spa?
Whoa! The Militant's favorite Dodger gives a jersey to his favorite Laker. Awesome sauce.
i made the background image fixed
young lady always take your makeup off or you'll end up looking like an old lady.
make me !
Amazing! Like the best one yet. Thomas could you get anymore perfect<U+2764> fantastic I loved it and I love you!
Looking for a personal assistant job, preferably in the entertainment business, in the Los Angeles area! Contact me! :D
CDC: Record asthma rates
never confuse motion, with action
Del Negro slumps around like a member of the Addams Family.
I want my pink shirt back! I want my pink shirt back!!!!
President Abraham Lincoln: "Whatever shall appear to be God's will I will do." Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches, p. 40.
I'd say. Good stuff.
I'd love to have you speak to my group, how much do you charge?
Many thanks for the mention! Happy #FF !
Were you there when they nailed him to a tree? Were you there when they laid him in the tomb?
Joline Blais: connections are for home & family (ritual) or for commerce (entertainment); digital tech can establish both
Oh, I just love Tim Burton!!! <333
Come in & check them out!
RT :Truly humbling to lift at the OTC weight room. Some of these chicks are so strong and badass!
As a kid,When I got mad at my mom I went outside and stepped on every crack tryna break her back... It never worked... Glad it didnt
who r u going with and how much?
#Arsenal still best team in North London. United not the best team in Manchester. Hell not even close.
#uword about content of our heart
So I have two book that I need to finish reading by the end of this week but they both bore me to tears.
I have the biggest headache. Wish I had somewhere quiet to bury my head and go to sleep.
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1865, Lee informed Davis that troops in SC were scattered but could be reunited "by diligence and boldness."
#NowPlaying – David Vendetta – Thomas Gold vs. Katy Perry - I Kissed A Girl (David Vendetta & Monte Cristo 2011 Re-Mash)
Finally done with that test :)
laughing so hard that, no noise is coming out, so you sit there clapping like a retarded seal.
lol bra i wulda passed out twice if i got a ps3 & a flat screen all in 1 day!
Reading your tweets from today, sounds like you've had a busy & productive #MayDay. Rockin' over there, ain't it?
#OTGTIPS 99.5% OF THE PEOPLE WHO SAY THEY KEEP IT REAL, KEEP IT REAL FAKE.
shoot... you didn't mention the chips!!! Salt and Vinegar chips are hands down the best kind!!!
good seeing y'all bro. Hope u don't get on the same episode as me. Hate to have to send u home with a red ass.
prolly my ex. RT tall dark haired white in 20's guy around Santa Monica and la cienaga following women. Be careful ladies!"
#TheVoice hit me baby one more time, unexpected and well done
you are the deffinition of sex.
Ok I have been gone a while, but I don't remember my twitter looking like this, sweet.
Pool parties at the summit rooftop all summer... Just got the acceptance call for the new pad, my new neighbors the :-)
yup. On USA.
I don't even watch hockey but holy shit...
Tomorrow Gonna Take FOREVER , I have This Feeling !
O2 oh what have you done to me lol <3
Looking forward to your updates. Cheers!
Thanks for helping us with our project. Freaaking cutie
follow back?
Now we can say that all good things come to and end,but we know each other way too well to pretend
Tonight the Memphis and Shelby County Music Commission present First Friday Rocks! Live music by Speakerboxx! Free, show at 10!
follow back?
Im ready for the mbfw contest
Hi Twitterverse! So how 'bout them Avengers? I loved the movie - what'd you think?
Steve Remember: Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open. Continue to be amazed!
LOL THIS IS WHAT I DON'T GET. HOW U GONE TWEET THE PPL THAT UNFOLLOW U... WHEN U DON'T #FOLLOW NOBODY???
Vampire Diaries >>>>>
we miss you too!
Thank you! :)
hahah well why not??
If anyone has seen my brother, could you tell him iv been looking for him since Friday...!
Nothing is so admirable in politics as a short memory.
The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ability to reach it.
Our fingerprints never fade from the lives we touch.
Congrats YES! There we go but I wasn't worried :-)
"If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from that person's...
Single on Valentine's Day. Oh well.
Congrats to you both and to your teams on the #enemygraph coverage! Great to see.
THURSDAY! 6pm! Free Bike Ride and a Beer! Starts at the shop, ends at Von Trier!
Will you guys be out at CIA today?
Back at the office. BL and I already wrecked the new RR Evoque. Never a dull moment!
get me one!!
Getting ready for to start this weekend! Very excited to be a part of it this year!!
Hahaha! Thanks for looking out for me, even if I'm not in the market for a new job.
I'll take common sense over any of them
about ???/(: my husband Madison
Oh no I've said too much.
You mad bro?
Awesome! I'll add that in there!
I remember we always used to text. I don't know if you even think of me but I regret that we haven't kept in touch.
Encarta vs. Wikipedia "Having a living document where everyone can collaborate"
My candle burns at both its ends; It will not last the night; But oh, my foes, and oh, my friends -- It gives a lovely light
I wish #Brewers season would just start already so I could have even more specific reasons to hate corey hart
Sent out some un-holiday greeting cards for the day.
If only you knew.
GUYS!! You should all follow :)
UGH working late on a Saturday night. Got a lot done tho. Rending some cool 3D video tomorrow in After Effects CS5 - Looking forward to that
Thank you for the follow! :)
Steak #FoodieChat Q8 Favorite Entrée to order? A. Fish B. Steak C. Chicken D. Pasta E. Veggie or other…
90 good for the tempo?
Floyd wins 9th 5-4 Floyd... Cotto better guard against the uppercut
"Only 1.8% of women run businesses are million dollar businesses." - Nell Merlino
Thomas Hofmann on browsing without language barriers: translating web pages and cross-lingual Information Retrieval
Work has me scheduled until 1:30. Class starts at 12:30. Guess which one I find more important. (Hint: It's not work.)
Oh Sirius. Every time I said NO to the price, the hard sell continued. "Well, let's try this" only works if one of the options costs less!
Ya gonna make biscuits? -Gir
Bingo! RT : yea I gotcha when I go the studio tomorrow....
"No, me seeing a movie with another guy tonight isn't a date. Don't worry. Also we should break up."
": RETWEET IF YOU WANT A FOLLOW BACK AND HUGE SHOUT OUT FROM ME!!! [Did&FollowingBothPages]
2 more days until Christmas!
Ready to knock this niggga head off
Yep. Caribb. countries with online betting have antitrade judgements on us n this, and AUS games broadcast current lines.
Im mad
Just saw the best Hulk movie ever.
Just woke up from an Epic dream tht I didn't get to finish...but just saying....I feel like Jet Lee.
NO RUSH, DAHHLING ;D
that's my favorite type of weather :)
Outwardly directed thinking can be flawed by failure of the senses, false reports or mistaken learned assumptions.
Does your business or organization need some banners? Or really bump up the marketing with a car wrap? Contact ! Best deals evah!
I know you're here! I'm stalking you. Lol
So the details being confidential quote is from Doherty, not Uthoff.
Shut up lol
haha, and be like this for you Martin since London cheated on me Lmao!
Extended gas curtailment jolts FFBL | Business Recorder
Happy April Fool's- April 10th for us, way more fun than April 1st. No AMERICAN IDOL for Lights Resolve. C'mon people!
Nice! Uncle steve got me season 1 & 2 for xmas : mad men with a cocktail in hand
A3: I talk to God, write in my gratitude journal and call a friend if need be.
rub up against the man.
I should sign up 4 Google Drive 2 go w/ Box,Dropbox & every other cloud acct I have so I can ensure my data is in DC's on all continents
How could I stand here and not be moved by You! (Jesus) <3
every single episode is on Netflix streaming.
" We are pretty excited to see some of the fun things you guys will bring to the !
aye real sh*t (peep game) If I tip around girl that I'm seeing naked, ain't that considered a stripper?
Watching Fullham vs Wolvs hoping Demps gets himself a goal this week.
Come on Lakers need to win
Let go and let God deal with it
it's never to late to turn you'r life around and make a difference in someones life and become a someone and go back to school.
Annex Bingo is back! Stop by the on Wednesday for some late nighty fun!
's new album "This Warm December" is amazing! From the new hit "In The Morning" to the newly rearranged "Angel" Go Mellow Man!
lmfaoo! No cuz im laughing too. Its sad tho.
Is there really a "chance to win"? I always wonder if it's worth my time.
I am not sure, I know at the very least it is in my bladder. All I saw in the filters was like a crystal sand. I hope that was it
no hard feelings...this is just business
So it turns out I broke my tibia and my fibula...haha the X-ray is pretty gruesome. But I'm doing well! Appreciate the concerns!
miss my boyfriend so much..
#WFUD12 It's a common misconception that attribution is the keystone of fair use. Not irrelevant to the analysis, but hardly determinative.
ihave gained so much weight
wait, wait, wat... Amy's not coming back? Don't start rumors! Is it true??
Thanks for the tweet about our virtual staging service!
Everybody's a genius. But if you judge a fish by it's ability to climb a tree, it will live it's whole life believing it's stupid.
Cut my hair while home. Last time. I made this promise to myself. Lol
If we can't be there, do you have an Amazon wish list or something so we can get you a present?
Thanks for the #FF!
Thanks for having a look! :)
States are required to have strong #ChildAbuse fatality disclosure laws as a condition of receiving CAPTA $, but many still fall far short
I guess today is National Llet's all Drive 20 mph Under the Speed Limit Day."
. to LA Chamber: We're losing 5.4 businesses a week in CA. And I'm not blaming one side or the other. We're all in this together.
Marketing opportunity to advertise yourself/company at RIFT Red Carpet Premiere. 300 ppl attending. 7 levels of partnerships available.
I'm so in love with that our work shifts make it feel like an eternity apart! Counting down the mins til I see him again!
I walk out of the elevator to the Security buildup for the Occupy March. Whoa...
Emergen-C for breakfast: not as awesome as Huevos Rancheros but sometimes a good idea.
We vote white!
( I sort of suspect my shilling for is going to earn me an unfollow from )
why do u want to go to the strip club????
Every person who left a review on #SeeNoMoreOniTunes has given 5/5 stars!
The best way to start the weekend? FREE appetizers at Blackthorn during Happy hour!
I'm going to agree with that.
Back in 2008: *person sneezes* ... Everyone around them: "Ewww, Swine flu!"
2: point at his shoe lace, (like in telling him they're loose) he's gonna bend down, you're gonna slap his ass. ;)
- way too risky.
Way too much fun last night. Work has never been more rude!
I hate awkward moments SO much. Like really...so so so much... -__-
she's crazy.
why do you follow sesame street?
#Wine Fact: European wines tend to be classified by region (Bordeaux, Chianti), while non-European wines are most often classified by grape.
Exciting audition for an original hulu series today... :-)
Im hungry ,, Like alwayss
Headed to play with Tommy and his edit of Life Tracker.
at least mine has an optin for bagel ;)
crazy lightening!
Stinky Gringo will be giving away FREE samples on Monday April 4th to the tailgaters at Opening Day for the Milwaukee Brewers! GO Brewers GO
I love weed
is at school :)
boys I meet randomly at the beach and vacation think I am. Wut is life :0?
i was reffering to you....
www.Benchplayersports.com will be on ESPN's Sportsnation today at 4 EST 1 PST. Tune in
great voice over session yesterday! Glad to have you on board!
I'm so tired of always being in the wrong.
Look at my background homies
Where the eff is my bio book.. I already lost my math book...
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant
Ok. I love one direction. KCA got me hooked.
The stupid smoke alarm thingy is out of batteries and it wont shut up and I just wanna sleep
#100thingsilove my cousins girlfriend i got you back
when me and go to the Rangers game we kill more than half of the bag by the end of the game!
Donation appeals need to be positive and emotional
Thank you!
I miss
Just out of curiosity RT this if your in the Los Angeles/Pasadena area? or reply with "ME!" lol
Stop looking for someone to make u happy,and start looking for someone who cares about ur happiness
try meditating. If that doesn't work, drugs.
Watching the #Jerzathon!!! <3 Cuz i have nothing else to do lol(:
Majority need to hear things 3-5 times from different sources to believe
so your taking shots of dude all night or are u trying to do a dude on the bar? Gotta say
Wait no.i don't wanna go back to school. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Stop by our website! We've got all the #office #design solutions you need - furniture, dividers, and much more!
Finally made it into Texas where slow people don't drive in the fast lane!!
Alan Kay: "Stories construct the waking dream." "You don't see what's on your retina." Davidson: Invisible gorillas are everywhere.
Ah thank you so much Robin!! You rock ;)
four elements of tching & lrning experiences: Learners, mentors, knowledge, environment [plus] management & perf goals Boettcher
Sorry but with Tbone on the mound our team definitely would've won. The only pos that was better was CF.
I titled it "The one who got away...or did it?" I got to stay positive. Its about love and a childhood dream.
Ouron is on Netflix. Thus begins an unproductive night.
RT : The next 2 new followers we get will win tix to the May 7th game!
RT: 4 days until Founder's Day. Performances, tours, visit classes, meet our faculty, special guests. April 21 12noon-4pm.
AGREED - where's the ladies?
Do not doubt in the darkness what you have learned in the Light. Happy Weekend <3
Technically Beethoven would've called it B. RT : Beethoven Awareness Month. Be there or B-flat.
Kells, you still wanna go to game tomorrow? I'm going and two girls from work wanna go...Holla Balla!!!
Thanks for the RT
Waking up to Muscle Spasm is Not a Good feeling<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> ugh!!!! Grrrrr!!!
Working at TPS report since 5AM...
Just back from work...Just in time to see my Cavs in action
thanks for the follow & keeping our harbor safe... We never charge extra for emergencies, nights, weekends, holidays.. 24/7
Tummys hurting a lil bit... Missing him already :/
I Haven't Pooped Yet.
lmfao what class was it?
I'd love it if you'd follow me! You honestly are an inspiration, wish you the best, God bless you and your son =) <3
the one with JECKES? And WHY IS HE GOING WHY?? :'(
Did you just hear a cork pop? - We did! It's National #Champange Day and we're celebrating with a Delamotte Blanc de Blancs
OH-THANK U 4 THAT I BET THESE TALK SHOWS WONT LAST 5 YRS. LET ALONE 42 YRS.GIVE ME MY SOAPS BACK.
it would have been settled if you didnt try to give me them ugly names
I love talking to u only if its for a few minutes
I don't have a place in Norway anymore, and leaving my wife to play WCOOP would not give me extra points ;)
not yet, sitting below the jackson bluff dam right now drowning bream...we have a 9lb channel cat on board
Thank goodness it is Friday. I am ready for a weekend of margaritas by the pool!
Give it a bit more time. If it miraculously jumps to #50 or above tonight then yes, I'd ball my eyes out.
You are most welcome on the follow!
Grateful for another year of life, and for a wonderful birthday!!
And great owner back story! This is why I love the Derby!
How many times can I break til I shatter, over the line cant define what I'm after. ~
follow the these boys too they #liveaf-----.>
I reiterate: We can...barbecue? (Also, akjdglajd;lkasdjlakjdg puppies!)
It's only 2 wks until the first show of the season at the Farm Bureau Insurance Lawn - - Fri, May 4th
Brewers 94-68 will win the Central
NP. Thanks for the follow and the RTs! Have a great EOW. Paul
Me too! Lets have a circle jerk-off
beat everyone
I fell asleep in 6th period and Rudy had to wake me up when the bell rang. Real embarrasing >.<
Vampire Diaries baby!
AND IT A GONER FOR NOW AT LEAST !!!
If its not you Jen ask Dan or Nickelodeon if they are MAJ... someone has to be MAJ there lol
at the mall with mom shopping !
funniest 10 year old ever ' are u born guy?' RT if u think its funny! (must be following)
R.I.P..Dwayne Muhammed......A great Pittsburgh Music Pioneer and friend.
For the record, I don't see CAR taking Floyd, but I also have zero clue who they are taking. It's down to prob 6 players.
ATTN #interiordesign #bloggers : We know that many of you have questions about your websites and we would like to help.
R.I.P. MCA....No Sleep Till Brooklyn.
All power is from within and therefore under our control... Robert Cullier
“Joy is the serious business of Heaven.” - C. S. Lewis
aw she has such a great doggie smile :D
Youre Welcome Raja return the favor...You Have A Good day Now!
like. have fun.
just a note to say... I believe in your work! Keep pushing forward. PS. will never look at SMPTE bars in the same way again.
Our soup today is Roasted Garlic-Chicken-Potato
How do people rejoice in death?
lol um yeah I do know I see y'all !!!!! Lmfao
APEX Museum Salutes Our Veterans. Free Admission this weekend for veterans. Friday & Saturday 10am-5pm.
entry is free, parking is $5
“: My lips are the gun. My smile is the trigger. My kisses are the bullets. Label me a killer.”
There is always a story, and if there isn't I'm doing something wrong. -Me
you randomly said megan foxx??
I love you Jacob!!!
Great American College of Cardiology Conference in Chicago. Lot of discussion around stem cell therapy.
don't forget next weeks party for with march 12th next fri. hope to c u there..luv ya salvador ;)
We need some wide receivers! Ok? Ok. And Timmy - throw the damn ball!
any good?
“: Sad. Davonte Neal gave his verbal commitment to UA today and his dad wouldn't allow it” so what now???
I think that he just said you need to learn how to control virgins.....WTF is he talking about?
#edshow OBAMA buckles under the weight of the Gay Agenda.
"You teach best what you most need to learn." -- Richard David Bach
I try surround maself with love not friends
Hate smelling like chlorine
The $10 store got The hoes lookin good tonight but u wont fool me..i can Smell a broke bitch frome a mile away
S/o to my new
That is a pretty big jump in responsibility to me. Just proves government is in the pocket of big business.
I can't fall asleep either. Catching up on my DVR. Many episodes of parks and recreation have been watched
Knoxville sure is getting closer.
I refer you to my previous tweet that hungover me is far more productive than normal me and that has created worry within me.
when youre in a sucky mood and you go on to twitter only to find that everyone else is having a great day<<oh and first flat tire today.whoo
is now following me... Im honored :) y'all should follow her!
Awww me & Laura's song is on. <333
Wow. That's quite a tradition. But sometimes Thanksgiving can make that seem a totally appropriate choice.
nutella taste best with wheat bread.
Unfinished Brazilian Teak - Cumaru 3/4" x 4" and 5" natural tan tones, with tight even grain. Both in-stock!
Chase Shields coming out "In the Air Tonight" Badass. #boxing -ms
Great to hear! Come back soon! RT : Dinner at Two thumbs WAY up. Great job, Chef
Why cant your office provide information on Ingraham Street bridge light change--this was made more than three weeks ago? jw
Well I will be back later! I tweet you once the movie is over! Love ya! <3
Our Valentine's Day baskets make a great addition/alternative to flowers for that special someone! Grab yours at the Shoppe today!...
Are you craving delicious Italian food? Check out our Nine for $9 on Cafe Napolitana in the newest issue of C Magazine.
Fascinating #SwingVision comparison of at ages 3 and 23. Kostis: "He's never lost the naturalness of his swing." Unlike some.
no...can't say I do Cameron....Haha.
continuing with aging detectives: HARRY LIPKIN, PRIVATE DETECTIVE by Barry Fantoni - the oldest P.I in Miami Booklist star
n i was like wait u like BREASTS
HOORAY! Thanks for all the updates!
Happy Birthday Joseph
We're a little late in opening the Sherwood Ave store due to the marathon, bare with us! DT2 is open.
just got done with 4 hours of practice out in the frezzing cold :/
I'm ready to get out of the burgh for a while.. In less than 1 week! Yes
Just turned a friend on to yesterday, mere hours B4 they migrated to a new build that DOESN'T WORK! Beta test much???
Call the trademark lawyers! I think we can win thisF!
Dayumm kid. You weren't playing around. You better check all those numbers on your own.
Hollie went home .-. im sad.
We will raffle off a new BMW, so register for your chance to win. Register at www.globalwomansummit.org
it had the babies bashed bones stored in it?
I just met Yvon Chouinard at Seatac. I'm going to Chicago, he's going fishing. Really nice guy.
15 straight wins, 64 point in the last game, player of the week jan26-feb2
I think I know who you might be talking about...
best move of the draft - colts keeping TMs together
I'm here/Starla, Dear.
just tell her you're married to all of them?
everyones excited. Preserve the hog....
SHOUTS 2 DEM TEXAS BOY"S !! YEA YEA WE EVERYWHERE RAIN 2NITE WIT CHALIE BOY & DA VIP CROWD REPP N AZ ! WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes Page T
I can't afford to live in fear
agreed - with that perspective that person will definitely not be learn anything anyway!
“: U in Vegas, son? San Gennaro Feast this week! #FatKidCarnival #TeamFastMetabolism u already know!
even Clipper fans would agree Stern should win.
rather disappointing. I haven't forgotten your recommendation of The Last Circus, which I plan on watching while on break.
if you're asking if we sell fan shirts, we do not. only official stuff. :>)
I know! Nirvana! Well, throw in French fries and a shake, and it would be nirvana. HA!
Someone just called looking for a 20 year old ImageWriter II printer cable. We could not find one, but we're digging deep to locate one.
Asian Kung-Fu Generation. Too Dope.
; -runs to corner and sits down . Nibbles cracker-
RT : Songdo - entire city networked, running city based upon networked information - all Cisco products?
#Panthers and #Devils now tied with 3:28 left in 3rd period of Game 7. Exciting stuff!
I'll be a judge tonite fashion show. Can't wait to see the amazing creations from Boston's best interior designers!
Being blessed is a beautiful thing. In knowing that you are blessed, how do you try and help others? :)
Unless someone magically drives by and says "here's your ticket to Ojai, now slap some makeup on" then all bets are off ;)
I need a good laugh I'm bored
Effective tomorrow, our stores are opening at 6am (except Grand Ave). Sip slowly 30 min earlier! No foolin'!
I'm on a diet.
I need a second job for the summer any suggestions babes?
#20thingsaboutme I don't see the point in doing dumb things. I have my whole life to experience with stupidity. (:
Ringling Bros circus is coming to San Diego in July. Have not been to the circus in years, even though sometimes I feel like I live in one.
on a PP!
so awesome! right!
Only six more days until the SCT Movement Workshop!
Passion is fuel. Tricia Harris
hello to all my twits out there Mr-X is back at ya with some new shiznit yo. :D
Waffle fries are the perfect vehicle for your favorite dipping sauce. Which sauce do you take for a ride?
Really can't wait to start my career so I can see people and actually have social interaction.
I was visiting the weird side of y'know with all the "Aliens." "Tumor people." and "Deformed faces." .......
ah, yes! What kind of music? What do you play?
man I needhella tracks mix and master get back at me. If u can help
you donate a lot of tweets yeah?
omg the security just offered me a pixie stick and i was like "no" LOL
lmfao... How dare u make up stories lol lol
did it also make you think about stuff?
Thx + all of the faculty/staff for the support, dedication + hard work
(damned auto correct). Commie bot. Just watch.
...and that was YOUR best tweet ever.
Everything is bigger in Texas. How about a huge comeback?
feeling almost invisible to . Lolololol. Hi jake(:
This guy reminds me of Chris Rock >.<
sure knows her stuff
Thanks, dear.
alright. cool. whats up?
I love how my mom kept calling me Madam President all weekend. Lol
Whenever you get there will be fantastic, love!
Universe, that was unnecessary...and kind of a dick move on your part today.
Don't miss 's first event with & ! bit.ly/sYqO1P
McFarland: it's easier to appeal to solidarity with those who are far away or famous than those within your community
wow. Can't compete with that. It's finals week here. Then, summer sessions starts. New position begins July 1.
Check out our diverse portfolio of closings at www.remingtoncapitalclosings.com
We coming for Summer Jam my Nugg!
good analysis. I'm going to remember this tweet.
You know you're on the internet too much if you read "0mg Cholesterol" on the salad label as: "Oh my God, Cholesterol."
There was a little payback in there but it was SO worth it! Look for the story on Tues morn.
#AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay , "I Love My Haters" -Stfu ! Nobody Hates On You -.-
Going to sleep. Goodnite everyone
i have a migraine. ouch
gotcha! (re: Hirsch)
during the incident, they may include her testimony as a witness as to what she heard during the encounter
We love the Brick Oven Zesty Supreme.
Really? Uh.
No!!! My heart cannot go on!
Here we go! Cotto vs Mayweather! Who do you got?
We're all still energized by Monday's advisers meeting. Got lots of helpful feedback and some new ideas for the documentary.
RT Super Hyped!!!! me too
RT Jets r marching...ugh , were marching
Yo if is following I believe that u shld too!
Cookies...?: double choc, Chico chip, double chocolate sea salt, banana choco truffle, carry cake, potato chip, red velvet, peanut butter...
WHAT UP DOE?!
Marlins offer Albert Pujols a 9 year deal
The reasons why a bird was meant to fly.
Kanye liked Jennifer Hudson's rendition of "I Will Always Love You" but says Beyonce would've done it better.
Chi-chi-chia!
Serving in front of bluebird 6th and 7th on Walnut.
Chill pills need to unite!
“: Oh now that #Republicans know they have no Minority Women Gays Youth & Half of White votes The race is up 2 Independents
BROOKLYN'S HERE!
I love Hendrick's. I tried one called Right Gin from Sweden last night that was awesome too
you shaved your head, huh? (; you can't fool us biebs! xD
Trade proposal: Chris Johnson/Jay Cutler for Beanie Wells/Cam Newton. Stupid or smart?
You can get what you want if you help enough people get what they want. -Zig Ziglar
Check out Jatropha Oil at www.sgbiofuels.com - Usable fuel for planes, cars etc from a plant that grows easily all over the place!
yikes! That night you just mentioned will come back to punish you!!!
trying to figure this out
Indeed, Mr. Speaker. Where *are* the jobs?
made a "totally-unrelated-to-christmas" christmas mix CD...fun :) merry christmas!
Come on, post office. I know you have my movie. Email me already.
YOU FINALLY GOT YOUR EARS PIERCED!!
i guess its good i don't care what guys think....or else my feelings might be hurt right now. :|
Yeah- kind of a milquetoast endorsement. Moms.
Oversized sweatshirts are probably the best things ever. It's like a giant hug with sleeves
STOP TAKING PPL.THE THINGS YU HVE N LIFE FOR GRANTED
Anyone know how to find pdfs of the Story Time brochures does? I swear I've found them before...
would love to chat about the job. Follow me so I can DM.
We're doe-moo, as in a female deer and the vocal stylings of a cow.
they chose from James Beard finalists- we weren't eligible as we haven't been open long enough. Not that it matters;)
All in top 20 on Atlanta hip hop charts Cash Clown Planet Moolah Album Coming Soon
so tomorrow? Lmao
I've run outta energy... Good night my awesome earthlings!
why hello der
Good morning and Happy Friday! We're pumped to play some more music for you tonight!
Interesting o.o...lol!
RT ": #YourBiggestProblem you need to realize what you have now, before its gone."
Up to early and not feeling to good.
it won't let me see it! :(
TJ looked right at ref smacked hands together and said something. He prob deserved it.
Use LinkedIn Groups to find partnerships, project help, other people you wouldn't normally think of to work with!
Watch 's interview with in a few minutes on coming up.
keep grinding I heard the songs you wrote too good work
right! agreed
HE gave me an amazing bday Jay...feel so blessed..had fun with friends as well..it was great!! :-) ur so funny...lol
He told me to "be patient." WTF! I got bills and kids to feed! I've been patient now I need a JOB!
there are all these pregnancy rumors and engagement rumors can you clear them up please
Thxs! RT : There is a line out the door at Twin Anchors and people talk about fall-off-the-bone tender. Sad, but true.
Oh my god, I AM "plucky and dishevelled," aren't I?
Omg My Mom Drives So Slow -.-
hate to disagree, but there are plenty of women who are exactly that stupid. I grew up in the south & live in the Midwest
Aw thanks grrl, you are the sweetest eva. Lucky to have such an awesome editor/reporter
Out of context, feels a little like culture snobbery, instead of a lower class we have lower cultures? Interesting can o'worms.
.Drum & Bass in yo Face muthafukkkkkka!!!
S/O to Chauncy Billups the hometown hero on The Toyota halftime show
what you guys did there was simply amazing! Congrats to you all!
So much fun in L.A. We don't want to leave!!!
Hope to see you girls this Sunday at Ripple! Bring new Winos if ya can.
NEVER enough time. I swear, if fangirling was a job, Directioners would be billionaires!
Do you like me? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no.
Shekinah Glory "I Will Obey," Kari Jobe "The More I Seek You," William McDowell "Closer," & Hillsong "Jesus"...............
We will be turning in 2500 voter registration forms for the primaries. Everyone, make sure to vote on March 20th!
Administering massage & verbal abuse are my 2 greatest skills. I'll rub your back and call you "bitch," bitch. Miss you, too!
Doing exciting new unit for 10th grade: students choosing books with stories not often heard in American lit classes
A man on a standing room-only bus just offered a pregnant woman his seat. Always nice to see such kindness on
So great to be w/great men of God at SBTC evangelism conf! Great job !
hanging out wit nicole
thanks Terry
You can watch the game, you can play the game, or you can change the way the game is played...be a Gamechanger!
yeah man! it's definitely really really hard.Hopefully our new album will break some barriers and change some lives.
Nvm... I think you deleted the tweet... Haha xD
EXCEPT that it wasn't even open early enough for those affected by it :p hahaha boo
Thanks for your eloquent support.
Pretty girls shouldn't waste time on careless boys.
no, fuck that! I'm staying home & watching movies all day >_>
I agree. Fage is The Awesome.
we back on the 15th
it's kind of my obsession.
I'm simply twitterpated today . . .that's all!
Just implemented the <marquee> tag in an HTML5 site. ...no, really!
I'm gonna live my life No matter what, we party tonight I'm gonna li-li-live my life I know that we gon' be alright
Thanks to all who joined us for our webinar today! And if you missed it, an archived version will be available online later this week!
how is it that I have jeans that fit perfectly but as petites are too short.. I buy same brand, same size in avg. and they are too small?
I was pretty sure she was. Now it is confirmed xD
#ff because he's lovely <U+2665>
Thanks for the #FF mention! Have a wonderful weekend!
Don't make any plans for June 10th until I say so.
#BackInElementarySchool i had buck teeth now that ive grown my teeth r PERFECT while u got all that metal in your mouth. who's laughing now!
Everyone follow I guarantee she'll follow everyone who follows her.
Ahahaa oh she is TOO good!!! Earrings off - bleeped out every other word AND Why y'all gotta stop me all the *#@#ing time!?
We need more buses at rush hour in Oakland.
KILLED IT!!
called me and screamed in the phone after she watched the mail vlog today. Haha too funny
Attending a recruiting event with a client today. Speaking to a group of college students today about careers in SAP Consulting.
it better be there or Im coming to get you! :*
Can we all just stop for a moment and talk about how awesome is? // Lis Pardi is awesome.
Lots of great live demos on VMware View 5: Technical Deep Dive Breakout #vForum w/Todd Dayton, Desktop Specialist
Life's good, if I do say so myself (:
come up here please and come see me
Thanks so much for the #followfriday love! I hope you have a fantastic Friday and an even better weekend! :)
I became a fanatic about healthy food in 1944
Most talented singer hiphop singer? Most talented rapper? most talented country singer?
Don't worii, it's okay :) RT sorii that was just #random lol
Bitches b claiming 2 have some cold ass agendas when they ain't around u but when shits supposed 2 pop off she at the house smokin Dro smph
Avs have traded Winnick & Galiardi to San Jose for F Jamie McGinn & two prospects....
Home to the
Prepping for the first ever #SSSMTweetup! Booze? Check. Boats? Check.
**sings** What is love? Baby dont hurt me...." Ok how many of you started shaking ur head to the side? Liars.
#Nw remember the titans
broke my computer. . again
joe rocks. How were the kids on the ride? Hopefully u and joe can come out for roxann & my Christmas party Saturday night
Can someone introduce me to a #graphic designer
...DC missed us! Feels good to be home!!! Where u qt
Thank you. That's still closer than the one I know in Slidell. :-)
You can call an apple tree an orange tree all you want. But at the end of the day, a tree is known by it's fruit.
focusing on the job market this week - preparing 20ish applications hoping to send out 50+
Agree. Every Wozniak needs a Jobs.
I wanna touch ya body<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I'm scared to go home tonight. I think is the ice truck killer.
yes I can. How do you think I got this belly?
Im bored. I hope I don't fall asleep in class tomorrow.
Custom DNS service of supports update packets, but only for A records. Their docs don't make this clear. What's up with that?
Fact learned on this morning: #Pittsburgh has the highest elevation of any city east of the Mississippi
never been so excited to read a book in all my life, "Sh*t My Dad Says" and "I Suck At Girls" by Justin Halpern
Oh my gosh, my dad is so drunk right now -.-
by "sax" I assume you mean "cock"
What's good twit fam, being getting some other things in line for vol.2, time to gone wrap it up, Haan
that was easy: apt-get install s3cmd. Who knew it was in a the standard repositories for Debian/Ubuntu?
Finally done with wack ass Manzano.!
been a heat fan since harold miner glenn rice tim hardaway n mourning... Fuck off. Lakers, packers.. #bandwagon?
Those lakes better be filling fast with all this heavy rain...no one messes with my sleep without a damn good excuse!!
which comes 1st? Shanahan makes decision or crosby gets his 1st pubic hair
I'm in section 19, at the top corner of the stairwell
hey are you covering LAAPFF?
hey man, Thanks for the follow, i'd love to hear your songwriting catalog...
: Thanks for following Rod! Back atcha!
Can the #49ers win the division or will they falter down the stretch?
I believe what you say only when you prove that you mean it
a jadne li smo... I'll be cooped up in my room memorizing artworks.
Good. Now Nana will stay with us all year round, holidays and all. :P
...you sound great: warm, understanding, etc. You follow her leads well: food, legal sec, etc., but she wasn't letting you in.
"They say we learn from mistakes, well that's why they mistake me." ;)
Regional Director Conference call = on!
Can't sleep right now because of how exciting it is to see and Jack White tomorrow. here we come
not bad. I think I'm inspired to try it.
Don't you hate when someone hacks your twitter and makes you look dumb? -_-
Happy World Theatre Day!!!
hi.lol I wore my bvb shirt today and sum girl gave me a dirty look
I think if I'm Cundiff I'm hitch hiking home!
thanks for the RT!
Story of my life ": My bedhead this morning looks better than my normal hair style. #firstworldpain"
I'm gonna feel that in the morning
Almost back to the windmills!
RT : "We wish we could play this week," Pickett says. Guys excited, watching film. Want to bring Lombardi Trophy back to GB.
Thinkin about makin the trek to Kansas in February to see and possibly to both Kansas shows!
I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry. That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste. ~ David Bissonnette
"Blame It On The Boogie"
Guns, razors, knifes!! RT : FUCK WITH ME!
thanks for the mention.
Haven't been able to sleep since 4... Suppose i should try again now tho.
i gave up food 'cause that shit's expensive
AWESOME Saturday night Stacked Pickle! A million thanks to the dancers! We had a blast! Who's wanting another round of GEMINI at the Pickle?
What issue or topic do you think will be the most important for the candidates to focus on in the 2012 Presidential race?
Cheers to H2 friend & colleague on his 2nd gig! This FN junkie is stoked!
I miss u
Am i really about to study tonight? Oh the things i do for my education
Tom Beaver
May the good Saints protect you and sorrow neglect you. And wicked bad luck to the ones that disrespect you!
I bet half the people on Hoarders met their significant others in chat rooms…or through their World of Warcraft guild.
Jesus paid it all, all to Him I owe.
What are your thoughts on the best place for a church plant to host sermons? (in addition to iTunes)
loved your photos on playbill! I wanted to check out the Hoboken art fair but was at crumbs all day /:
And so its begun :-) RT Look at me! -- Angelina Jolie's Leg ()
Wasn't it to get to 100K got 3 months left <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
if Kat's not busy I hope she can come. .___.
that for following me
Gorgeous, gorgeous day! Love walking to work on days like this
Live without pretending. Love without depending. Listen without defending. Speak without offending.
All I owe the world is my art.
Thanks for the follow! We LOVE Belvedere!
Carroll. 6. Acceptance would repudiate some key philosophy
- I heard its a lot of ppl from west Mifflin n steel valley there and I applied at the fish market tryna get a job
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. Wayne Dyer
Since I'll be in meetings all afternoon and unable to listen to baseball, I will put this up early: Go Nats!
I swear I've met #oomf in another life.
it appears I missed this somehow- shirt looks amazing!!
Stay Close my number on fav song right now. Stay awesome (: XOXO
The very first Opera on Tap at Benders in Denver
Damn it. RT RT : #Yankees announce David Robertson to DL with strained left oblique.
Beastie Boys are a part if all of us!! MCA RIP
At Andrew Hull has been the best so far :) really enjoyed his presentation!
15 years and you are just figuring this out...unreal... Did I hit the nail on what you made
that's awesome! I'm great! Back in Columbus. How are you???
Masters is the only golf I ever watch
Can't wait to see what the sing-along will be!
haha me too:)
#ASACollege ends in 2 wks. Despite some students who cheated, never paid attention, or misbehaved, I had 5 wonderful sections of
There is the LJ Placement and Salaries Survey but I think their data is a year behind the current graduating class.
mothers day Sunday funday anyone?
ADR's 4 JV PLC Victoria Island Nigeria Nira has support downloads ur SEC forms majority fine Agriculture Oil & Gas
collection developing social work books at
Why are you up so late.. lol
And if authors will give away 6 book box sets on Kindle, why can't we arrange a similar program for public libraries?
Show: 2011-09-29 - Say What You Will's First Show @ Brewster Pub and Pit
GET BURNED!!!!!! Jordan just shitted on em!
Moment of truth... Do we think Hunger Games is in Film Symposium tonight? No e-mail about security leads me to lean towards no...
What's your favorite music to run/workout to? Does certain music push you harder?
Good news Lions fans, Matt Flynn will be available at the end of the season.
Happy Easter!
I just realized how big of a decision I'm gonna have to make pretty soon. And it's going to be so hard. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
that light snow just turned into hail.
We have just lauched our new hotsite www.florensegreen.com
Welcome to Pennsylvania!
my grandmother spoil me just like tiny mom spoil king lol
don't get up this twit twit talkin smack lol I am one of ur faithful followers !!
It rained? Wtffff.
cool thank you!
Follow for the rise to the top.
at least it's relatively safe at work.
I love you cuzzooo
Go online to register and secure a seat. Or call: 212.594.9616
bird is what it is but Terps playing a heck of a gam and you are posting no love
Fudge im losing followers :/ What a sad dayy
For the NBA Jamz game call Courtesy Coin in NW PHX. They rent games, but prob know where to buy. 623-516-0544
Cadillac, Mini and Ford are accentuating the stick shift in ads in response to consumer interest in cars that drive more like sports cars.
Sometimes all you can say is: 'Who Cares!!!!!'
Come out to tonight for night 2! Vote for your favorite singer and earn driving credit!
Lye: Cal constitution is better than federal on battling private censorship.
s/o to all my new follower thanks to the
Family is where the heart is.
Ima d boy you just a decoy whoop whoop !
check it out ;) ~ xo
not even 5 min after I picked up my car... So mad. Also, while we're here, thanks again for the coffee because it's been ruling
Your House Sits a Long Time on the Market This is every homeowner’s’ biggest fear. Your house will sit too long on the market. It sounds
well if ur ever in #Denver id love to take u out an show u a good time
Beauty Tip: Put a little bit of shimmer on your legs & collar bones when dressing up.
That walk was good, and to those of you who asked it was very very nice, the trees and sun and water were all so relaxing =)
loved Vegas Vacation! That one, the original and Christmas Vacation were the best. European Vacation was funny but the weakest
Sorry, I was/am up in Appleton for my sister's birthday. I didn't see this until now. We should hang soon, though.
Also Rocky loves emily and phone calls from home with be playing the canvas clash show on saturday!! so get as many people you can to go!
no he didn't. And it's okay
RT ": Cee Lo green can't be serious" he is wearing a glittery dress...
yeah ill def be at Wouldn't miss it!
Domino's doing me a solid, so be cool. He, Mon & Al r all my familia...learn 2 love, like the fake laughs
thank YOU. it was a really great segment. please, you have an open invite on the show if you're ever in town.
Hi HI!! How's it goin Cam!!?? I hope good.
We're looking for an experienced blogger to be our correspondent in NYC to cover hot events and blog for us. Interested? Follow and Ping us!
same schedule for me but imma nap instead of Thornton
Whats the details? (:
How many pets do you have Deidra lol??
Lebron getting killed on Twitter trends right now LOL
oh definitely the 20/20/20 - get a little bit of everything!
Happy Valentine's Day to my hubby ! And hope everyone else has a great day
Just bought a hunger games poster for my new room :3
Loved the 3 ?'s post. Can see I need to talk to my new character!
Idea: Maybe you could have a separate account for bus alerts? There's a lot, and so far none have pertained to lines I ever ride.
The vertical lines on the #Heat's unis really accentuate the length of Bosh's neck.
If you don't sense the love within, you can never sense it in another. Your feelings come from inside of you!
I drink two kinds of beer...free and anything from Wisconsin!
a non-profit handed out comps to inner-city stu if they +fam went thru training, why isnt tech a community activity?
I know MWSU`s win was huge
We are currently having issues with 500 internal server error. Sorry for the inconvenience
Exciting and entertaining bowl game! Go NIU! Get that ref's mic fixed!
Q9 Once I start getting a #cashflow, how can I continue to grow?
My lucky friend gets to see you and I get stuck at home!!:(
they have women's too.
Thanks Tyler! I've been looking forward to seeing them for a while now, should be a great show!
Katahdin, in Maine? Enjoy your walk! Oh the memories! (AT 2004...)
and tht y ur my idol and my role model
Hm thinking of changing the layout on the site....... feeling artistic ....
Thank you for adding links to my tweets!
When you're super stoked to play tennis, but all the courts are full.
Will is making us listen to megadeath. Double door in chicago tonight! Totes excited
#OscarTweet Show is really well produced this year.
...version of Now's the Time & Bob Dorough did Yardbird Suite. They should both be easy to find.
Good Morning! Getting coffee now.....
#dh11 All collaborations need a reason for collaboration; don't collaborate for collaboration's sake.
I want hot tea with lemon! Wohoo! Boo!
Not if you get acquired! RT : You Must Have Customers Or Your Business Will Die.
THIS BITCH IS GOING TO WIN A FIAT 500!! I WANT THAT!!! GIVE ME THAT!!
man forget goin to meetings i just want to watch #ESPN all day
If it will make you feel better, then you do what you have to do.
Someone just told me "I've got it made in the shade"
I've the best reward system ever: If I get in A in the 1 college class I'm taking- I'm buying myself a flashing toothbrush.
I'm in end of year ebook purchases #cataloging hell. I have staff on vacation. And I've got CONSER OpCo later this week. NOT ENOUGH HOURS.
oh well lol
when is the big race?
hooray!!! back to running?
RT not a nice feeling when people hate you for no reason
Have a great vacation :-)
lets do it!
RT Can't wait to find my soulmate <3
#SmackDown wow that was cool
IT'S FINALLY HERE! Dr. Joel Gendelman presenting Consulting Basics & more. Is consulting the life for you? June16, Denver www.ispi-frc.org
No problem. Thanks for saying hi! You use Facebook?
having to login in on office computer, internet been down all day!!! :(
head of digital projects and metadata at the Beinecke. SO thrilled!!
Doing our big interview of Oscar right now. Sure to be the soul of the film!
Follow the young g !
really? april?
no lolol I'm mad at myself for not getting myself a dang ticket LOL
Planning a fun week of accomplishing things, cooking things and more :)
I have not. I will have to add them to my list!
#shutup bitches say u got
I'm dj'ing tonight at 9pm eastern time on with the legendary , rockin' with the OG's tonight
Nice looking loaf!
Meet me under the Kaufmann's clock.
Wow! Some people never learn.
LASIK pre-op appointment. In less than a week my glasses will go bye-bye.
hahah, stop complaining (;
I Wanna Go Home And Sleep D:
Plume isnt really working for me, idk
Getting ready to go to SixFlags wbu?
Plans for New Years Eve? Stop by Applebee’s for great late night specials running long after ball drops!
have sexy times with jojo
I seriously wish i had someone to talk to, that understood me, and texted back immediately.
Charlie Sheen is quality entertainment. Not his work...but HIM!
two birds, one stone.
congrats on being done with exams!
Haha! Oh, I'm sure that could be arranged...
#thatawkwardmoment when you catch someone taking a picture of themself at the gym and then he catches you tweeting about it
But hey - different strokes for different folks
Chamber's Gary Tobin: "Thank you for open door to business."
When someone tries to outsmart me and they fail =] .. pure enjoyment on my part, hehe
Happy Ray Allen's back, hope T-Macs ok though. These injuries need to end!
hay quae where u at
I should be focusing on Fall 12 manuscripts, but I got sucked in to and was forced to check out 2 books.
I don't know. Its been quite a while since I've stepped. :) though if it's in my neck of the woods... Who knows - maybe! :)
studio session @ 3 1st of the new year.
nope, low carb here. More cupcakes for you!!
I would say so. Is it possible to be totally impartial?
In the end, will you sink? will you float?
Individually, we are one drop. Together we are an ocean.
We are dealing with the best-educated generation in history. But they've got a brain dressed up with nowhere to go.
is moving her grandma's furniture into her new apartment.
SHOTS FIRED!!!
As sad as I am that #OV103 is retired, I'm grateful the next generation can be inspired by her legacy
#ff everyone in my followers list, go!
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
What the fuck is the Lakers problem,their defense is so messed up. They are guarding Jason Kidd and leaving the 3 point studs open.
Alert! Alert! Thursday Drunks are downstairs at Fanny Ann's! Well, until the karaoke starts at 9pm. *hiss*
all my step sisters and my step mother and my teacher thats pretty much it lol.. I just officially joined today
Study: Filling out your bracket after the tournament is over greatly increases your chances of winning.
I wanna perform. You can check me out if you'd like to.
Jury duty today
when you always seem to lose your underwear
How are you?
. You know, I debated complaining about this on Twitter due to probability of finger-wagging. Wasn't my fault, I'm just the inheritor
I WANNA MAKE HISTORY TOMORROW NIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!
shhh don't say that she's still a baby
Hahaha. We don't do anything in physical wellness <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Nope! Keeping my V-card. Hahahaha
I'm so bored at work
What we really need to fix in this economy is jobs for teens. Bachmann for President!
Novak damn smh dat suppose to been n but melo save him tho wat a team mate
Yay its friday! And im up in the gym working out to
Pretty sure I just got completely ignored..but it's cool.
Congrats for raising $4.5 Million In funding!
One more to go
WOW!Massive 0,0 man everyone think im buff at school benching 150 normal days and 185max 0,0 when they look at u they will faint
The Man Who Was Thursday by G.K. Chesterton
yet another song for all the ladies!!!!!
THIS IS GOING TO BE MY STATUS RIGHT NOW Lol
Thanks for writing it! It's fascinating that some peoples success almost solemnly depend on them being unnoticed.
Being a good listener means you are a good friend.
Let there be more joy and laughter in our living.
what next for you? You'll be missed!
wheres my mom O.o
Don't get caught in the rain hailing a cab in Boston today! Use coupon code TWITTER2010 for 50% off your first ride!
Photos from Earth Day are coming soon - blame NICOLE for the delay!!
When people put dots after everything they type, I feel awkward..
Wow we just had a great meeting with Taa from Business is good, we refuse to stop reaching. Thanks for your time Taa.
Just bought my ticket for the midnight screening of the avengers on the 3rd.
They say this cat Shaft was a bad mother - CSI: Isaac Hayes
Down Square until 1:30 pm. Come on down!
That's where $ and politics are a factor. I don't want to pay to have my brand associated w/ a stiff.
“: awweeeeeeewwwee” worst table in room and familiar faces
RT : "Mr. Cain, without repeating yourself, how many Supreme Court Justices are there?"
#ParticipatoryBudgeting going in #NYC!! Do it in your community!
Tweet me #AustinMahoneDeservesARecordDeal !! I'll rt, it'll make it trends faster!
I know! Surprising isn't it... it's still #1 in our books :)
When we win big we celebrate big. Car flipping may seem extreme to some people, but those people's team probably lost second round =]
Everybody go follow she follows back:)
ugh yeah very up and down but nice to see Ovi score that final Power Play goal since he struggled in game 1 (ONE shot on goal!!)
i miss ya already </3
not surprised--he's always ahead of the game. Every game. #wwJJMd = amazing
great to meet you yesterday at Showbiz Expo. Thanks for the great tips!!
Z sleeping...now on to some laundry, dinner, dishes, emails, reading....
Thank you for sharing! Love hot-air balloons! :)
Thanks for including me in your daily. Following you back now.
RT Proud to stand with our President in support of marriage equality. Thank you,
link to replay?
Can't wait 4 my B-Day
Makes me laugh every time! RT "Angela Lansbury's man's berries"
Thanks to all who attended #thatcamptx and made it such a success! Our leftover food went to Mission Arlington, so yay! Safe travels home :)
Congratulations #TexasTech debaters!
I used to be pretty.
The Victorian era is the sexiest age for me, but I also like a woman in a pair of Jeans. ~Dylan McDermott
Wake Up Bake Up gotta get my cake up
hell yea I'm rooting for a Ravens-49ers Super Bowl
Now am tryna figure which truck in my apartments parking lot has more gas in it.. Ford? .. Chevy?
Getting ready for a trip to Chicago tomorrow. Looking forward to admiring their wonderful architecture and urban fabric!
First lobby day at State Capitol a great success, followed by well attended reception. We appreciated the invite to participate!
"Let her Rip"
I do! And I will go if they ever come back. :D
RT : "Good Stuff . . . . ” Hopefully today brings even better stuff! Cheers!
that's great, I'll be sure to read yours when you post - looking forward to it!
We also have an awesomely passionate team here at HubSpot
BUT THATS OKAY HE IS THE EPITOME OF PERFECT
Is MADDLY IN LOVE WITH YOU PLEASE TWEET HER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!;D <33333333333333333333333
If you count the granny I hit in summer 1993 I have one more than he does. But you probably won't.
Reputation is what the world thinks a man is; character is what he really is. -Anonymous
the really snazzy chocolatiers wanted to charge $25 for shipping. Forget it. Etsy is fantastic.
Polarizing. Concussion talk is here to stay. There are more than 12,000 former NFLers, less than 15% are plaintiffs. More stories coming.
RIP Gma B. You were the strongest person I had the privilege of knowing. I'm the person I am today because you, I <3 you and will miss you.
I just want you to talk to me.
I am such an idiot sometimes
what's good in da studio?
nah not real. Yet
Oh.my.goodness.The Great Gatsby - w/ and - this world is finally starting to make sense...can't wait!
WE ARE THE NEW BREED!!!!!
Doing the TM on saturday too. What's ur run time starts? 09:30 here..
Thank you for the follows , #HappyWednesday!
Thanks for the opportunity to speak at #VA1 -- I really enjoyed it!
RT IsntShay_Lovely If the money get Low ima Grind Some more!!!
Does anyone actually know what National Lampoon is?
,ok,see you then.
Q : Are you dating someone ? A : No I'm single.. For now..
You got lucky..lol..
Alien Nation with James Caan was the #1 this day in 1988.
With the exception of the Blaine's brother-centric episode, I think it's been pretty good.
when you were my friend .. :(
aww you look so cute!
Saturday FEB. 18th LIVE at Club Dajtumir 356 Chestnut Hill Ave Brighton, Ma Hosted by of
It was great meeting u after Cheryl's workshop last wknd. Enjoy the warmth of Mexico while you still can!
LOL. Yeah some of the scenes I'm like um... didn't happen but as TV show, it fits. Plus I love GoT so I'm more lenient haha.
once or the cover of crown of thorns. i can't decide.
Sub again. Ah
Hey coach Purdue hit and obvious HR by getting Painter and a Grand slam by keeping him Strong & honest perspective always
Go Scorpions!!!! I am watching online now.
Nice. Great post and great comments.
I DONT EVEN CARE IF IT RAINS! YOLO. hahahaha
Pretty stoked to see STOKE :) here in Kansas City, August 1st. Brit boys running wild! Hide your wife! Hide your keeddzzz! Haha :)
EP is basically done now. We just have to get our guest vocalist to come in and record then we can start getting these CD's made.
tuesday meeting! tonight, fourth floor, 8pm!
Wow... Romney demeaning Santorum! "Nice try... Let's look at the facts."
I find u!!! Hehe! Lol how ya been stranger!?
I'm making a film about bullying, inspired by your video. Send me yr email so I can send you the script x
Apparently knowing how to use Excel (sorta kinda) makes me a computer expert. Scary.
Am I an old man?
KMSL yea I hear mike show me wat he be doing dats crazy
Erin & Christina, PLEASE contact me ASAP. We have many Financial backers, Adam would have wanted you 2 involved. If only 2 others wouldn't b
Finished video interviews with all of the SYTYCD judges panel. Got all but Tyce. I'll post them next week. Back to solos.
I wonder how often a business cleans their data.
name a dh tool you would LOVE to use in your research or classes but you find inaccessible (for whatever reason).
I jumped on the Netflix train, any recommendations?
be careful out there lil sis
Woah! Audrey from Mocket sighting at the Octant show.
I'll look forward to listening to you on with . I also look forward to some hot pics.
i'd love to
aw hi Tommie! So sweet :) Happy Thursday!
Can't wait to hear the string quartet on the bridge of my song, "Plans". Should be ready in late June/early July.
Sounds fun!
"It's not gonna work unless we dig deep."Kayla Kelly, American sandcastle builder re: your career aspirations, are you digging deep enough?
Heard about on the news yesterday. How fascinating!
When Zimmerman get off, what yall gonna do?
i love ice creame boys
Order a “Cool Bird” sandwich or Salad & get a FREE medium soft drink by mentioning Twitter!
if u really respected yourself then you would naturally respect others,life would be so much easier that way!
Heya, I'm finally following up from #THATCampAHA a million yrs ago. Howdy!
Oh fuck off Monday you filthy whore
is this from Chile?
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove
#thewantedonthevoice this might be the worst song I have ever heard...
Shooting a poetry in motion video for "Chained expression." It's gonna be Hot! Stay tuned!
thank you !
You only get so much time to live, so enjoy every moment (a2ib4ue) Let's get it :-)
just saw the advengers with my boy. <3
Mischiefmaker and In Case Of Attack are up and ready. Bring on the consumers!
Watching "War Games" Blast from the past (1983). TRS-80 used an 8" floppy. Just about the size of an iPad.
Niggas know I'm sick.. I don't spit I vomit, got it
#7daysofsex ? Yes, please.
and yet somehow that abortion #Glee hasn't been yet! WTF!
Sure feels like it!
How come every time I get done watching porn.. I always feel so dirty lol :-)
Pat your weave girl
Boo Yeah!
is hosting their annual drawing show tonight and we will be attending in full swing. Go see what they've got!
you promised.
One benefit to being up at 6am is that I get to experience the most amazing, refreshing weather.
GOODNIGHT TWITTER!!!!
Indiana's 11th District American Legion: home to Speedway Post 500 next door to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
Watching Ella Enchanted with my mini. Love this movie!
°RT/ i listed to some of your music and i love it
(Anonymous) Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.
Finally found air heads!
we can do it
most gay guys date evil wicked women so it appears as if she emasculates him.
Checking out the Mileaukee #BizExpo this morning!
I was just reading that article! Seems like a great idea.
lol shit I know i'm guilty *shrug*
Celebrating Friday the 13th by watching the NHL playoffs with Jason Voorhees. He swears every goalie is his cousin. I call BS.
LETS go get a gamer of football before the krew or whatever i have kyle ahckett here
I love eating in chick-fil-a
Fact: when I can't sleep at night I listen to the podcast Design Matters. Turns out I find Debbie Millman's voice soothing.
En route 2 to c some of my favorite peoples in GA Ave
'96 = tornadoes in the spring, leap year, and a ring for UK. '12 = tornadoes in the spring and leap year. Coincidence?
optimus grind! Nice!! Wanna go the Dolphin Game?? Hillis won't fumble, I promise,
Up early getting my daily dose
is excited about attending Experis Client Open House on Wednesday June 29th at 4 PM
The conference call - oh God, there has got to be a better way to communicate in 2012.
Making an audacious, hopeful wish on this #SuperMoon ...
so you think you can tell heaven from hell?
THANK YOU for introducing for the 2012! Incredibly: this year´s program just got even better! :)
Thank you!!
Haha, where is this coming from?
We're back! Look for Honcidie stickers this weekend!
Eh. I deleted that tweet...
Nice! I also miss Godzilla....
So close to get the really good scores! swing is solid, need to make some more putts and less 3 putts!
Nothing phony, don't hate on me watchu get is what u see
Cleveland needs the Barons back, screw the Blue Jackets. Cleveland Hockey!
Just ordered Grace's birthday outfit!! I can't believe she'll be 1 in under 2 months....
How many entrants expected for the poker tournament?
I got a cheesesteak spot for you
Nate's gonna have a Baby Sister...yay!! Congrats Mahons we can't wait for London to get here :)
I see! Lawl. And ah-greed! I luh-v <3
Follow me for free!!!!!!
Exactly. I always knew Red Sox fans were douche bags. RT“: just a bunch of swagger jackers”
Try eating at #thebigtexan in amarillo when you dont eat meat.. salad was awesome tho!!
Driver coming upn ESPN
Phew! Power tweeting 101 - get all of yr tweets out in 20 mins or less... ...Thank U all 4 being such gr8 twttr friends! now back 2 work :)
Baron Davis kicks fresh doe
Utterly telling that the main industry pushing for the Pirate Bay ban in the UK is the British Phonographic Industry.
You are seriously the biggest dbag ever lol glad I kicked your sorry ass to the curb
Congrats for getting $$ to produce #TapCaps. Loved having the project on VitaminW's crowdfunding column.
it's looking like the new steelers 3rd jersey will be the 1933 jersey. They wore this jersey in for a game in 1994 for the NFL 75th
Chat with us live today until 4pm ET if you have any questions while shopping.
That is so frustrating! Why does Vanisha always have the same ideas as me!? It looks like I'm copying her>:l
soup and pudding? somebody forgot to take their plan b pill!
Even though I haven't seen the movie, I can see The Avengers taking the crown for best "popcorn" movie.
Why is it so fucking hot ?
Compassion and humility - these are two qualities that should never be weary woman.
wrong city guys! London, not San Francisco! ;-)
I wish BELIEVE would just come out tomorrow...
please follow us? We love you! :) <U+E328>
On set for short film!
It is satisfying, I have to say. I know all the things!
Hey, you know I saved those papers for you? Lol
Happy birthday to Glazer Children's Museum, Children's Museums of New Hampshire, and Children's Museum at Holyoke!
C': lol. it's cool. i tried to play it off but it was too late. haha
#CAFcruise getting ready to cruise! We will follow bridges opening.
They just struck up the Redneck Locator Song at the MN State Fair rodeo, where the bulls are throwing cowboys with
The three great fundamentals to accomplish anything worth while are, 1st, hard work; 2nd, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.
Rest in sweet peace Vidal Sassoon. You will Forever be missed.
I hope we have a Cardneasada!!!!<3
Thanks for the hospitality ... our guests will come see you next week while they are visiting Charlotte
Okay good! lol, and its starts at 7
Will you be performing in the Midwest any time soon? Would like to go check you all out.
It's bad when commercials are more original than movies we have these days.
Thanks for listing us!
well debra sucked i wouldn't even compare her close to how really great k2 is kelly kelly is definatly in my top 3
Here at #ERANYC is starting to go viral using the power of referrals in a $53B market
"Get out of your way. You can spend your life tripping over yourself & tripping yourself up. Get out of your own way." ~ Suzan-Lori Park
Best line all day "I just shit myself! You got some tp miss"
You are so confusing...
just made two posters for check me out. download. give em away. SPREAD THE WORD. you ready for your opener tomorrow?
Wth...I kinda like candy mafia
“: Momma you deserve the world for bringing me in it!!!”. And for that I thank her!
long time no see! how are things London way? was in your old stomping grounds at TRiP last night. tell Giles I said hello.
You went down nigga! RT : your going down nigga!
looks a little like a tick to me
RT : The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. - Leo Tolstoy
Woj: LeBron is the best player in these Eastern Conference playoffs, but Rondo controls a basketball game like no one but else but James.
Thanks for following kula, the world's first social marketplace!
Edupunks are learning on their own and then just want to sit for the test or certifications.
Brenna is making up random songs on a voice changer thingy &is laughing at them.... Shes such a dork (:
Keep digging! I have a Whole Foods a mile away from me. You just got a new loyal customer!
Just one time they truly delighted me, but it took a carefully-crafted letter. As to the rest, we are cattle.
that makes me sad :( i miss you! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Is the solution to U.S. educ issues? Probably. RT Failing out of school unless tweets at me
I really love reading but I swear if I see one more it's/its error I am going to scream. Seriously.
Where to this week? to name a few. Go #studyabroad!
Vickie, why are you such a hypocrite, not so funny being on the other side of the deadbeat dad situation is it?
you spelled poon wrong
I don't think anybody here is advocating making theater more passive. If anything, more interactive and social.
Haha, step two: Join FBI / Go on Speaking Tour / Write Book / Movie Deal. That would make a good session...
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone! We are thankful for our new fans...
Homebuilder sentiment index jumps 2 points in July as builders benefit from low rates
Kirkland looks terrible against the counter-punching Molina.
#gettingoldsucks stick with beer away from liquor too much sugar
LOTS of chocolate at the Meadowlands Expo Center Sunday! www.chocolateworldexpo.com
“: Next week is My last week of school and feels like its taking forever.” congratulations ;)
She said she love me but she knw I'm social
okay my pet peeves - women who pee on the toilet seat, men who cut women off when they are speaking and chewing gum - yuck!
I'm very nervous..like I'm excited but I just enter wnna get homesick
yes! Love what you guys are doing and can't wait to figure out a way to work together in the future!
There were good discussions @ MEIEA. The young ppl R smokin w/ideas on developing the music biz. Gratifying 2 witness. Ck out www.MEIEA.Org/
Protect her like a daughter, love her like a wife, and respect her like your mother.
pretty sure you did buddy
we love you guys! you inspire us!
Have questions about waivers? Participate in our twitter chat tomorrow at 11:30 EST!
Another great day of working on my book at Paradise Bakery. The best place to get away and write.
Grounded, never thought I was gonna love it this much. Slept in till 3pm. HELL YEAH
well my friend called and im afraid im gonna get in trouble bc i said i was gonna kill myself and shes probs gonna tell
Rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic.
Thanks, Ezzy. I'm going to stick to sign language for the rest of the day.
Thank you very much!!!!!!!
Vlad and Morgana have been using my AP page, Teemo my AD page.
What happened to the 70 degree weather we had yesterday #Detroit? I need gloves and a winter coat IN the office today!
gorgeous lady!!!
I dont think she is here right now, or at least, i dont feel her here Another question, did she know a person named adam?
Taking #oomfs out this weekend ,
lol, I believe u..
Junior Seau's mom pleading for God to take her not Junior...my heart is breaking for her right now </3
To be real, it doesn't matter anyways..
Sorry to hear this, Best of luck in your future endeavors and we are looking forward to seeing you in a new project soon!
Congrats to our partners for adding a new sponsor to their roster: International Autos! Exciting news.
!! I've been outside !!
Yeah I'm using my account to test for work, but I think it's got great potential to promote our photos and our Tumblr.
its the shit aint it....shit u cruise around the city on a summer nite wit yo girl
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: have loss their main player Sam Bradford for most of the season
it saddens me that juan uribe isn't close to the worst offensive player on the team anymore
Duplicating/Printing DVDs today as well as editing video clips for YouTube. Mastering a single for Vamp Angel right now...
totally agree, i've always felt that their differences made them great together
sounds good. Looking forward to it. Who knows :)
States and cities seeking to balance budgets by rethinking green initiatives are trying to turn the clock back.
Is Netflix down? And I don't mean the stock price.
Nnamdi texts Al Davis, stating: "Thanks for the great time in Oakland, but Green Bay is my home now."
I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do because I notice it always coincides w/ their own desires-Susan B Anthony
I'm so happy for you! I hope you can marry! And forget those judging people. They judge from their own fear.
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Vincent Pasqua °Rising 8th °Newton, PA °Travel Team: Perkasie Knights °Shooting Guard 5’0
RT : "Life has no limitations, except the ones you make." - Les Brown
yay! RT : Super excited about HTML5 hackathon this weekend. And seeing speak is geek bonus!
#OsOGang #BAMSQUAD.........The Movement is coming.....
you exist! as a person! this makes me happy.
thanks for spending Earth Day with us!
It is really my least favorite state. : I. Hate. Arkansas.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter It Was Something Fun, Not Everyone Has One.
Hold steadfast and faithful to your vision. That fork in the road will vanish and a single path will eventually appear. ~Me
Just read that is now a free agent. Congratulations bala, we'll miss you in
Welcome to the family !
thanks. Minus 10lbs since the first of #2012 .
On the couch cuddling with and making pot roast, mashed potatoes and homemade rolls! Yum yum :) love homemade meals with friends
Apollo is now a registered Service Dog. :-) He is legally allowed access to all public buildings.
and i are getting stuff done on this campus. what!
I've got a lot on my mind for the 140. Might go old school w a journal for this mess. Learning too late about people I made a life around.
Why not?
understandable. When working with larger more custom projects I usually think about custom a lot.
why not what??
Yes you should post new pictures (:
I honestly wish I could share it with the world. *latte
Need like 20 more followers
nothing much outside of what Ive reported thru Twitter!
DO YOUR THING JOSH TRUE TALENT
got me at a bad time, just about to log off, got to study
Social networking that cares? That's what we're all about! Jessica, we should be in touch!
I talk to everybody. That's just how I am. I don't talk to a select 'type' of people.
#mytestimony!RT : so glad I made it!!! :)
I'm disgusted by this delusional american military soldier worship. I Avoid All Sides.
Most of our #ForumEA attendees are on their way to Boston - looking forward to seeing everyone!
ahh Thanks bro!
They say sharks are more afraid of us than we are of them, which I find hard to believe. I don’t think they have nightmares about us..
Thanks for the follow. We really like your tweets! Happy to know you are out there for
my dad told me I was logged onto "tweeter" all night.
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness.
The Grannies are wishing everyone safe travels this holiday season whether it be by car, train, or plane!
he's a lab, he thought he was having a spa day
should of had her come with you!! Would of been awesome I'm sure!
Our twitter connect function is Greatness! Check it out!
Guy next 2 me is telling this obvious 1st date how well he knows geography & can draw each country/continent from memory. #she'snotimpressed
only a 30 min layover... Next time! “: come see us big boy!
so jealous of your life. I can't find my CDs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
all I get is a wave??? Wow lol
But they are convinced that having sex will get the a diamond on the left hand. Um, okaaaayyyy!
not sure how I feel about that. :-|
Just saw a really really super cute boy. We called him Swedish Boy.
In the Spring of 2012, you'll have the opportunity to invest in life change through the purchase of MOVEMENT121's CAUSEGEAR® and CAUSEWEAR®.
My First my last my everything. God
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
There is only one pretty child in the world, and every mother has it ;)
jelly baby girl
My first class tonight , I can't wait!
Having lunch with my mommy
Roberts using *Julia and the Illuminated Baron* to revisit narratives of the American Gothic. Glad to see 2nd paper on Sally Wood.
2nd annual Swimming With Autism Conference starts Friday in San Diego!
Galen - and yet again they tweeted excessive zeal
I use a Star Trek phaser - set to stun. It's much less messy than the light saber....
SURE!! :) Any person u would want? :)
Does RG3 think that punting stats are going to put him over the top for the Heisman?
Don't even kno da situations but wanna start drama..
#Tips: Remove draperies, #pictures, mirrors, area rugs, hardware (if possible), and switch and receptacle cover plates before
Yoga this morning at the Squirrel Hill JCC!
you just woke up !
I have to figure out a Mother's Day present.
While the last 30 minutes end things on a sour note, #HungerGames is fantastic. The rare blockbuster that achieves poetry.
seems like all they do lately is talk. NO ACTION!!! What ever happened to actions speak louder than words. Still don't get it!!!
In all the hecticness, I forgot to mention I'm performing some improv this Sunday! Come by the UCB theater, Hollywood, 3/4, noon, $5. FUN!
hey I was stuffed into a can before I knew what was going on and didn't get to say goodbye...but I'm doing it now
skip the first two chapters. it's stuff you already know. and her stuff about Indians is just so lame, at least so far. bleh
On that note, any Denver chiro recommendations? Capitol Hill?
hi im kens cousin. i went to the game at pepperdine on 9th. u no where u dunked. im the loud one.lol
Who's the Bossk
#smwchic love where you are, life beats you down at every turn make your home your own identity
Happy Spring Break Everyone!
Ok I have to many pages, this one is tied to twitter and I'm trying to change it to my real FB page...
what is #teamfoe about? I love my Jayhawks and I am seeing a lot of them hash tag it? Thoughts!?! PS excited to see u in the NBA
Can I really post once and have it go to all SMM accounts? Way cool
glad testing is over can wait for the weekend!!
"If you give, you get. If you don't ask, you'll never get." Mike Ross --- Abraham
Sitting in a kid's play place waiting for my girl to wear herself out. My saving grace? "Good". This place is 10x better.
#TimeWarner 4 months in & these assholes still can't fix my Internet issue...lies, not showing up, not doing the work..pathetic
sounds like a new take on the "Barney" theme song. Memba Barney on PBS? The annoying kids' show???
Your chick she's so thirsty!
My 1000th tweet goes to myself. Birfday let's go
that's an old project new one is coming in June homie!
Its not that I can't its just that I wont bow down to bitches its not in me not to stand up for myself fuck it be about it
": I got Alabama! Who yall got?" What u said b!
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I AM STRAIGHT!
So far Pip is my fave on #TheVoice tonight! Awesome singer. I like this show way better than Idol:)
I hope lil D is hungry.. I'm thinking Five Guys..
never ceases to amaze me. i don't think i've ever cried so much during an episode than this passed Thurdays!
Adults are always asking kids what they want to be when they grow up because they are looking for ideas. ~ Paula Poundstone
where did you hear that cody shaves? lol
Seriously, why is Spider-Man dodging the question? "He's got radioactive blood" is NOT an acceptable answer to the question "Is he strong?"
There's a good chance that we did, but I'll take a look when I get there later today.
Anyone get out on the #OakLeafTrail the last couple days? It's my favorite.
nice! I had some Chelsea Grin blarin' for bis and tris
Can you imagine being blind & deaf? Living in a world of darkness
we totally feel your pain.. our online summer classes are only 99 per month. let us know if we can help out!
At the highlight factory, Go HAWKS!!!
Get ready for Takashi Shimizu's newest #horror flick #7500!
Really??? I am shocked and disappointed! That's a dusty old chestnut when I and my geeky friends go there!
Sometimes i feel like i need to cry to just let everything go Im holding on inside
stay hungry, stay foolish
Almost ready for the Fall/Winter preview show! So many beautiful people here at !
So cute. Poor Peanut, at least he has you guys to take care of him.
We're caught in an inescapable network of mutuality tied in a single garment of destiny.
Lion is out! Are you brave enough get it now? or are you waiting?
Last day of the NCL Freestyle Dash Sale - don't miss out on reduced deposits & onboard credits! Hurry! Call our NCL experts 800-803-7245!
When is this warm up supposed to start again??
tha Giant won whoop whoop
Good riddance Due to a third horse's death attributed to filming, production for the HBO series LUCK has been shut down indefinitely.
is (pending a few formalities) officially back to being employed within the Cincinnati broadcasting industry. Hooray for the Vast Wasteland!
talked to student using Viewshare abt sharing & she's fine with it. Will send invite to site. Using pie charts, timeline, & sorter
No worries. I actually was going to ask you if it was legit and was going to research it some more. Someone hack your account?
Not running #Boston #Marathon, Eating pizza with my dog, & 2 time PGA Major Champion is following me on Twitter:) Priceless!!
RT : When all else fails, read the instructions.
Today, the Friar's Tale--it even has a picture! www.twitter.com/brackman1066/cbtweets
We understand yesterday was Fat Tuesday...but how does that differ from today (Fat Wednesday) or tomorrow (Fat Thursday).
I wish Verne and Raftery were working the Louisville Michigan State game. Need
what was it?! Im in minnesota so i cant see it!
damn right!
I'm good! :) Glad to see biz is going so well!
#LAStageTalks Frances I know what u mean. My pet peeve, bad intonation since my study is music.
Manhattan foot traffic is Frogger extreme. People, cars, bikes, and skateboards come at you from all sides. Maybe It's more like Asteroids.
No doubt there will be lots of tweets and squeeing
says social media has nothing to do w/ recruiting whatesoever - does Toledo Tommy agree?
...to expand learning and facilitate the creation of new knowledge. #ACRL Standards for Libraries in Higher Education, approved in Oct.
2 in stoppage time ... Insane way to go man city!
nice photos-did you know high def fullscreen hosting has a free trial?you can use RTV hardware/software-no switching cost
And finally, the Heat in six.
#WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan posts are yet another example of how misogyny is demeaning to men as well as women.
Also... I think this is the youngest PIO I've ever seen? But he's good.
Life does not build character... it reveals it.
where have you been? Are you okay? I miss your Youtube videos:)
Thanks so much! Yeah my lungs were "way to go man, thanks for wanting to live a long life" and I was all "No prob bro:)"
Entertainment Books are now available @ our downtown location. Books are $35, and contain $17,000 in value for hundreds of local merchants.
On anniversary of Bin Laden&#39;s death, Romney says he would have ...
Did Miranda respond yet
Doing P.A. 4 game 230 @ Alamodome w/ & many Tank Downs from
Me too. I know I'm going to hit a wall at 2pm.
DM sent. Sorry so late! I was out running errands! :)
I don't have tight jeans I have straight leg so your lying to yourself!
Police horses are even wearing gas masks here in Chgo have lots of family that r working security for NATO & my bro goes to H.S. in the city
What is up with this George Zimmerman news now? First he has no bruises and now their are pix with him all busted up.
Why can't every day be Halloween?
Even though he is 43 and still saying 'yo, dawg', I really enjoyed Toby Mac!
For sold out shows you can come early and wait for stand-by tickets! Get there early bc it's first come first served basis!
it was so good meeting you! keep in touch okay?
remember when you said we were gonna get married in spring? Yeah. Let's get on that ;)
Woohoo! Caps beat the Rangers! GAME 7 here we come. cc:
How far can i go just wait nd c as my dreaming mommy tells me dont stop just keep goin fill the flow of interesting things jk who u r.
My new black lace shirt is so soft! *Cuddles with self*
Louisiana idol chases American title - WWL First News
Okay. And your point is?
OK :) I'm a 5E acupuncturist who didn't read the fine print!
Chicago, capital of Ill.? NATO goofs in video
Don't ask me 4 tha truth if ur sensitive...cuz I probly don't like u enuf to spare ya feelins¡
They had just went in tomorrow i am seeing them i will ask them for u ok
I underestimated the value of being healthy, pain free & able to use all my extremities.
'Twas nationwide when I logged in. Now I'm getting angry OKC fans tweeting at me. Whoops.
What is the purpose of the Tuesday noon siren in San Francisco you mentioned? Oh, btw, love your pinterest collection!
Our sincerest condolences. What a sweet face Cooper had. We're dog lovers, so we totally feel your pain. R.I.P. Cooper.
And if one door opens to another door closed, You better keep on walking till you find a window.
i am!(: you shall be very proud!;:
Good night All & God Bless
I can back it if backs it!
Thank you!
Thanks for the info! I will check is out Amy
Haha just used the word #TWEET the ancient way. My son & I were talking to
that is weird indeed lol
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Cheers to you #pepguardiola - it was a glorious run. Thanks for the memories.
smart woman
We the new guys in the neighborhood!!!
When we move with the Holy Spirit-all kinds of amazing things happen!
Your grace is all need
What are you listening to right now?
no. We r very proud! Cross promote all the time :) its the "daughter" co. Younger image. Very proud :)
please follow me <33333
I have the same problem...most of the time. Such fun. :)
Great news, Mark. Congratulations.
Thank goodness our phones change automatically bc I never remember when daylight savings is.. Guess it was today!
food truck or ambulance?
Isn't ham radio early social media itself?
RT if you know and love joe mothafuckin eames
Finishing soundtracking for this documentary. Jeez, someone keep me company!!!
Last #TitansofIT cat. is "Consultant." Honorees are Bruce Bower, Joshua Dennis, John Freienmuth, Jeff Lunsford, Abel Murrietta & John Sharp.
Google Analytics is a great software for measuring traffic to your website.Check it out if you havent already!
as long as I get to drive the truck :) Seriously though, I am free if you need help.
should I be sleeping at 5 in the morning??? Meeeh. Sleeping is overrated
my vote is Garrard.
In related online video news, DISH's Charlie Ergen is talking about launching a live TV-via-internet service under the Blockbuster name. Th…
Need a band for a March 30th slot!!
Does your dog respond to tweets? RT SERIOUSLY DOG YOU ARE SO ANNOYING I HATE YOU RIGHT NOW.
PLEASE JOIN US Thu Sept 15 for our 1 year anniv FREE GRAB BAG worth over $25 with $30 donation ALL DAY LONG! WEEDMAPS.com search bella flora
Hey, you want to go get some Subway!? :-)
That akward moment when you're handed a prescription and you can't read it,and you wonder if the doctor is trying to kill you.
Hows you #packing coming on? Need help call me ;) x
Loved the team last year, we dont need no stinkin mannings...now go give Hass and Locker a big hug and lets get to work!
ive had a terrible day. the guy i like started dating my friend. it sucks.
wake up!!! Lol
What is your greatest fishing memory?
Commissioner Scott promises to be much more candid once he's out of office. Sounds good to me.
Hi :)I just wanted 2 say dat U don't Deserve 2 get bullied at all! NOONE DOES!!,What happened? why r they bullying u though?
that's only cause we in the same situation keep you're head up love will find you ma
meant ".. problem .. solve?"
3 Philly actors 3 penalties against us hm
your as cold as ice ...
Deal of the Day : Red Cluster Collar Necklace Gift Set OFFER Good Thru Noon Today Only. SAVE $$$ Red Cluster Collar Necklace Gift Set
what?! You moved to LA??
#Brett! #Muppets!! Hhhhuuuuuurraaaahhhh!!
I'm taking lol and nice bud!! Who you taking?
Hey, Good Morning. How's them glasses treatin' ya?
Virginia Woolf~ I have lost friends some by death... others through sheer inability to cross the street.
oh wow
the worst thing about 2/5 is having to hear all the terrible hand analysis
Who's sizzlin'? :)
RT Lulu's is almost open for a Mothers Day Breakfast 4 Dinner special! We're in the parkin lot of Lee's on Lake Mead 6-10pm!
Fridays RT : Olive garden or Fridays
Awesome day! More jewelry making. Caught up with DVR. Finished a book. Winter closet. Made pumpkin black bean soup. Still in my pjs!!!
My voice will be heard
pita imma kick her tail !!! Lol
Checked out the farm to table festivities, now margs at Lauriol Plaza. Yum!
Hey hey hey this is Alexander Miller aka Daniel Triton! I voted for ! He's an awesome, fun guy!
DID YOU FREAKIN' HEAR THAT IM GONNA LEE MYSELF
Up early with as we get ready to head to York, PA's !
Getting Prom Planned out
Yeah, I sort of miss those old ongoal rants of his. =)
FREE DRINK TODAY. for the first 3 people who come in and say the secret word "SHIPWRECK" to the bartender, your first drink is free
"Lead the way, straight ahead. You gave me the time of my life and cut like a knife to the bone."
Hw done for now. Now what
The first wealth is health. -- R.W. Emerson
Re: #code4lib 2010 proposals. Based on past experience, I'd venture that people are waiting for the last day to submit.
I am loving this 90s station. Only thing I miss about the past!
congrats to cuz she is deputy head girl of our scul YAY
Since Facebook is getting crazy, add me on Google+! gplus.to/christiancapuchino
boy he really gets around
The Fuckin' Freshmen This Year... They're Dumb
: Please please please follow me!!!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!! PLEASE <3 6
And Happy 1st Mother's Day to me:)
Please welcome Rashad_Catorce to the Max life
Writing a short story, I love writing :)
Pho is yummy during this chilly weather.
He's always ready
This. Is. Surreal.
welcome gorgeous xx
oh randoms lol ok so what are you gonna draw for me?
We are raising $ to help a fine young man become an ambassador - brunch n wine fundraiser #DC Sat 4/14,11am-3pm,$35!
SUGAR RUSH!
one more and you're getting unfollowed
HaPpY BiRtHdAy Beautiful!
Right now? Wanna?
gotcha --> Follow us 4 great #smallbiz tips
All this BS about #Obama spiking the football over Bin Laden is just ridiculous. #Bush had a victory banner made before the war was over.
Never felt so sick in my freaking life. #smh #stomachflu <U+E40E>
I know I'm not the one she wana go wit lol.. Never C !
OMFG!!! $196 n 2 points, for not coming to a complete stop??!!?? Smdh my husband is gonna kill me
so festive.
I would like to purchase a very loud megaphone and use it to whisper "be quiet" at strangers from far away.
It comes from an episode of "Community."
Big props to our amazing hands-on instructors! , , , &
RT : New #Bears RB Michael Bush sings during 7th inning stretch at Wrigley Field. Somewhere, Matt Forte feels disrespected.
Shout out to my newest follower and honorary clevelander
What do you think about Stiemsma? Are you on #teamstiem?
Cut the digital divide by allowing students to advocate for themselves -
Havent cried this much in a long long time... Damn
thanks :) you rock!
Kentucky vs Georgia!!!
Thanks. Glad you like them.
But why does it smell like perfume and bacon in the hallway.
Hi, my name is Kiki & I love money :-)
You bet! Good luck!
Plz take pix and tweet them out..
Perhaps. Taylor will be going to the Disney on ice with Big E and Zoe so we shall see
Hi Leon! Wanted to stop in and say hello How is the studio project coming along? I trust and hope you're doing well Take care
Oh, excellent. I'm on my way to Specialty right now!
Short sales are not going away for what I predict to be about 5 years. We have an incredible system in place to get them done quickly.
It's not every day I get to use ichthyophobia on twitter. RT : Yes. Totally petrified of fish. I know, it is so weird.
NM news tonight is full of losers, violent crime, death, crashes, & birds??? I quit...
"Don’t crossover to try to be somebody. Just be yourself." - Scarface, in a interview.
You say a man cant make a team them what happened to the bulls?
Is watching #1girl5gays god love my life.
Only 13% of all online users even use Twitter, so who exactly are we disseminating knowledge to?
i wnt some red n pink cupcakezzzzzz :))
Bishop, watchn u on wdntwk..good word n u look great, r u workng out?
And I agree with the overall point, I'm just saying that I think Marshall is being honest about what he personally sees.
Damn that was a busy day!
S.I.N. night is in full swing! Have nothing to do on a Tuesday night?Come join us for a drink!
Asked to prepare an intro to GitHub. And Git. Next maybe Python Generators / Iterators and then Monads in Haskell. And building a fixie.
i wonder y lol
Got Ya. Everything Is Together On This End. I Believe I'm Ready To Send You An Outline !!
Just recieved orders to start twitting more........OK....Just got done brushing my teeth.
Thank you! Having an exciting and busy summer, and fall is looking to be the same. Love it!
thank you! Greatly appreciated.
You sent an email that made several things fall into place!
Nm just watchin videos of Randy from when he first started lol
... unless it conflicts with their collection development policy, which is why a library buying & then pulling is so stupid
Can you like, come teach all of the guys in Omaha this?
Wonder if any other big companies will follow Microsoft's lead on #CES? I personally never liked the timing of the show.
Go to hell. like honestly, your just causing a ton of drama.
Sorry :( I've just been feeling so powerful and destructive lately.
Thanks for spreading the word about the open position!
Look at this bitch
Oh Nia you're so pretty!! here's a great book you can recommend to actors who come to you for advice: One Less Bitter Actor
yay hope! Sounds silly to say it like that, but I mean it.
i enjoy long romantic walks to the Refrigerator
If you don't text back , then why do you bother text me at all ? HM. Just wondering.
or maybe...BEER CAN! Good thing you are out of there. Hope you have everything you need. Let me know if I can help.
Anyone not see that Bruce shot coming a mile away?
feel for ya with Butler, why didnt they let Raftery announce, he could of said "Norad has elevated this game to defcon 5"
Left off the last ... maybe a meet and greet.
Wud up twitterville... Long time no tweet.
Haha.....What the heck was wrong with that bird? :/
Ugh and I need to start promoting Grapefruit Records this week but the wifi here keeps going out so it's kinda difficult :x
And their tickets were free. : OSU steals spring game attendance title from Bama. Crowd of 81,112 is 2,586 more than the Tide
hahahaa. lady GAG. i guess they have to cover all the genres to make everyone happy campers:\
you get my tweets?!?
I swear I do nothing to please you at all.
yes, yes we are
I have no better sense of accomplishment then when showering, I drop the soap, & am able to knock it up into the air & field it cleanly
Awww sorry girly! Wish you could be here!!
a GUY a talked to thought ALL Spelman PSYCH majors wanted to be Relationship therapist..lol #WELP i guess thats me..but its NEEDED
lover of great food...nuff said!
My mom #YeahILoveThat ;-*
Ok, these Il Volo guys are aliens.
remember about this guy I was talking about yesterday who asked me pictures of him that I deleted/im here on my laptop not knwing what to do
A3. They can function as a place to continue the discussion
I <U+2764> You babe!! You take my breath away everyday and I cant stand being away from you.
If you can't find a ticket you can always pay at the door.
The older woman in the car behind me, is definitely toking on #Maryjane ! She must be at least 65
Friend of mines brother owns a bar in the Arena district, he opened a tab for us. After drinking all night, the bill was $28.
New #GeekTrivia from : What staff-wielding witch acts as the leader of the teenage superhero team known as the Runaways?
it is amazing it is going to be
Very unconventional! I had to Google it! :) But really cool they have their own style.
When you fall down, get back up! The rewards and blessings go to those who refuse to give up.
I know...and thank you! Much appreciated. : )
“: Waste your money and you're only out of money, but waste your time and you've lost a part of your life.”
killed a demonic spider in my bedroom. it's #FUBAR now.... but there's still no way i'm sleeping in my room tonight.
how awesome!!! U look great. Miss you.
Preach it sister!
Value = FCF/(1+WACC)^1 = ugh. Can I go back to Iowa please?
I just want to hear sing more.
seems to forget that I watch Humphrey this weekend and will pay her Cards trashtalking back in a major way
In an effort to save gas post BP how about we knock this NASCAR shit off for a while? Or convert stockcars to run on biodiesel & xenophobia?
I gotta hurry up n get away
Word by word, inch by inch, nations nudge closer to agreement on #Rioplus20 final document, but still a long way to go at
the kid starving in africa with a belly full of tape worms said: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
None of the team wanted to drink with me tonight. I'm a little hurt.
Well someone should send me a goodnight text? goodnight <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Sunny warm day giving me even more #313DLove today!
good luck at almost 200 a plate. Clay Matthews came last year and my dad was soo mad he didn't go.
To the lady who buys the shirt wrapped in masking tape that's peppered with half my mustache hairs: i'm sorry
He died for me! Forgive me my Lord. . . . All of my Sins
Ride to Empower October 22-25 in Red Rock Canyon, Nevada benefiting Breast Cancer Network of Strength. Join the Colorado team today!
Be on the lookout for Neda Ulaby, Getty Fellow of 2009.
Little boy: "My dad can beat up your Dad." Other boy: "Big deal. So can my mother."
Yes please :]
fuck im tired
I don't get H2!! Good move history channel
Hello world! We are OccupyCinemaNYC! We've come to make the world a better place through cinema.
Soon I was headed for Virginia. I had been born and raised there, but now it seemed an alien land.
Great decision to wear dark jeans today. Just spilled coffee all over myself.
Well Gary, OBP =\= batting average. That is how a low BA guy draws walks.
#theCAMpaign.....A statement will be made this summer
Not my finest moment. But of course, for a while, since it was you drawing, I thought the caption "rude boy" had to do w/ ska.
Fck what yuh heard ; just listen to what i'm sayin ' to you . There's no lies , all truth . SHIT , WERES THE TRUST ?
OK tell me how i taste :D Oh ! Don't forget the butter !!
Bill. Thanks for the 101 on the Shave Well in my email this AM. Can't wait to use it.
Can you move the party to Minneapolis? Please no Chicago-pizza tweets during it though..drool isn't good for my keyboard.
I would love to be a part of a Sound Diego live event!
Out to eat with the fam.
The Bloody Irish Boys are looking for a good booking agent. Please spread the word.
miss u too boo! I'll be in the roc this summa
90% of what’s stressing you today will be irrelevant in a year. Get over it. Move on and enjoy your life.
I didn't get it can you try sending it in again to thanks! :)
Yay It's Friday!!! First friday to be exact!
@ MTMK102 I have listened to tracks 2,5, & 6 so far and I like what I hear. No matter what keep going for it. You have some serious talent.
#np mac miller-fuck em all. new theme song to my life, i think yaaah.
is in #Clintonville WI checking out those mysterious sounds. Be sure to stay tuned right after This Morning today.
Why does the PSN keep getting hacked?
People ask how I became a programmer of Really Hard Stuff w/o school. That's easy: nobody told me it was hard, so I just went and did it.
Im falling asleep on this line <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
what did you do this time?
I hope you got a helmet for that bike! Safety first!!!
“Maturity, one discovers, has everything to do with the acceptance of ‘not knowing.” <U+2015> Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves
i dont have friends i have haters and i love every last one ov them :) lol r.s
Water For Elephants. When Pattenson kisses Witherspoon. Zoe: O Bella is gonna be so angry when she sees her husband kissing another woman!
Mine is over a foot long and an inch wide. Super crazy.
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo : The Harder I Work, The Luckier I Am.
do you go to psu? i have that exact same hoodie
he needs to be stoned to death
All power corrupts, but we need electricity.
Just landed at LAX hoping for a quick turn to get home to ATX
you haven't taken my Monday and made it happy yet, all is lost! :(
Will do
I don't give a fuck. Never have, and maybe never will.
what does greek yogurt taste like in comparison to yogurt?
I did (: hope you did too love!
#YourJeansAreTooDamnTight when you look like a muffin.
Top tips for your landing pages: link your adverts to the right page, mirror your ad-title, ensure your USP is clear.
Big props to the homie for the American Express commercial/endorsement. Good looks!
Romance and your LMS? You'll think differently after our webinar on turning your LMS into a profit center. Tues., Feb. 14 Sign up now!
Chris Brown has an Amazing voice (:
Totally. This maybe the best way for me to learn an instrument. It's my Asian obligation.
RT : #TXST Heights 2 Spring Splash Pool Party. Come kick it with me and 1000 of my closest college friends.
I wish summer would get pregnant so we'd have 9 months off. :]
Today is a good day
Love Motown!!! The singers are looking & sounding awesome and we're loving the dances!!!
Come visit us online at www.stayinportland.com
Oh gosh.... I think I know where my moms convo is leading to.... :o
People that say, "Don't get old" are full of sh*t. I can't wait until I can wear a diaper in public and not be judged.
Drop on by! We're getting ready to move so things are a bit hectic, but we're still functional.
why not?
They breaking that team up forreal if they don't!
Going to attempt this drive to Rio Rathole, again. Pray I don't murder anyone...
Anyone have tumblr?
#Xvideos takeover is going to well its like emails won't stop coming lol..
Thanks for the follow Joseph. Look forward to your content.
THANK GOD FOR THE DAY TODAY!! ANOTHER GREAT DAY TO GIVE HIM GLORY.
there ain't nothing yu can't do. ii just wanna be with yu, and ii hope yu feel it too, you're my superman
Im in no rush.
thinking about how can virtual lib spaces have the same qualities of excellent 1on1 interactions? Keynote int Andrea Resmini
I forgot to mention you in the last one
Contest is still open! RT for a chance to win a signed hardcover copy of Grosvenor Square! Historical fiction fans, take note!
sun sun sun sun
is on fire tonight!
What Is Going On ?
We'll be happy to do so!
you take good pictures for having such tiny arms and no opposable thumbs
im now following u
hey Jill, hope all is groovy with you. Watch the show tonight.
Scarlett Johansson and Jeremy Renner need to have lots of little babies together. maybe then the world would be beautiful.
definitely possible; especially w/ Xmas specials all in December.
to find great places to shop, eat & play in SD!!
glad all was good with u'r time in fla. :) i wish U great success in the coming clay court season :) & always :) go get-em :)!
right!! well I just have to finish the take home then i'm good! :) thank God!
#fortgeorgebrewery has great beer! But 10 stouts on tap and zero pales... Gonna be a short night
Taking a random trip to SF on Thurs.
.: what is financial formula to get a new Chargers stadium?
But I do see the problem! Thanks for sticking with us!!
It's Greek-American Heritage Month and Irish-American Heritage Month!!!!
As far as is concerned, 12-0 doesn't count unless it's done with a team based in the original 13 colonies.
When sees that i'm texting a guy, and she asks if i'm pregnant >>
Average life of a web page is about 100 days before it is changed or taken down. Brewster Kahle
don't have an official name yet, we're still in preproduction. But we might go with Zompocalypse, or something cheesier
A true teacher defends his students against his own personal influences. - Amos Bronson Alcott
Oh yum! :D
...we'll find that the stereotype disappears, or at least morphs. Just prattling about how cool we are won't do that.
Nothing like watching the Yankees get a good old ass kicking at Fenway. The Boston Red Sox can't wait to see CC in the playoffs :)
"It is not outrageous to hypothesize that competition would have continued to flourish" isn't a very strong conclusion.
is it true? Did rosy tell u we are going to prom together? Or is lying? Lol
Cutting down nets tomorrow.
This is still about killing Osama Bin Laden
RT : Definitely a lot of TV time coming this week, for sure.
The LOLcafs thesis is on Scribd!
Eating pineapple makes me sweat..
Garden class went great today! Thanks everybody for comin' out!!
#Shoutout to Promise Sports Management and Promotions...Thank You soo much for the opportunity!!
I think trying to keep political conversations about the issues is a good priority. I'm w/ Jeff on this one.
thx big sis. You didn't look so well yesterday. Hope you're better. I'm drinking massive amounts of water!
Welcome BoyIwishYouWood's retreat.... I hope you enjoy your stay.. complimentary slaps available upon entry.
#MyMomIsTheBest bc she made me.
#EBUS118 Find example of emerging company, such as Groupon , who is relying on Social Media to get word out. Tweet about it.
Gave up reading a Meg Cabot novel. Insatiable had a cute premise, but couldn't carry me to a finish.
Overslept. Again. But I was dreaming that I was getting ready for work- surely that counts for something?
Please tweet w/ the hashtag #DragRace & vote in favor of winning the title of America's Next Drag Superstar
my husband is such an butt
sounds good we font book music just parties
We <3 you. Whoever you are. Let's all chomp on some poems today.
Ughh ikk , well at least we got a couple days left(:
I'm android less for the next 2 weeks. I feel like I went back in time.
New York Knicks need to rid themselves of Toney Douglas. Dude is a BUM
Nothing quite like the fainting goat for an after christmas drunkening!
AMAZING NIGHT
RT : RT : Here are the 4 Ps to putting on a great event: practice, patience, perseverance and passion.
The pollen count raises the HR. We burned 618 this morning... "on the Q."
Yay! And then the Friday fish dinners!!
Wow... the end really must be near
I'm by chipotle trying to figure out what to eat. Where we goin? Lol
got my vitamix hate veggies only lettuce going to try GGS anything I can add to make it taste not like greens??
you only live twice.
appreciate the RT. thanks! :-)
Tip: If logged in, you can create a Twitter list of any FollowEDU Interest page using the "Create List" button.
there seriously has to be an easier way to pack and get the hell outta here!
My baby turned 3
PINK SOLUTION on the way son!!! LOL!
hi , and I are having horrible problems! Had 2 appts today and no one showed up or called all day!
I fear I have reached that time in life when it is obvious that ‘my best used by date’ has come and gone.
#Memphis in the #NBA cashes for all on the list now 21-4 in #NBA playoffs get on the list
created on Acrobat pro use pdf pro but couldn't save it?
A shout out to Spidvid.com for their amazing support of Vegan 101 series!
trying to go sky diving
Glad to have you back (& blogging?) : im excited about being back in SD, NOT excited about having assignments already
What the Jets need, is to get Edwards back in the fold. Mistake he was let go, bring him back.
Maybe yinz are right. I'll just have a sammich and watch the news.
Will need a 3rd cup of coffee to even come close!
Looking forward to our time! RT : In the studio with the folks from today. We're working towards some comedy...
now i have to buy ymas' album bite my tongue. and 1D's up all night. and cher's sticks & stones.
All you have to do is stand still and look stupid
Facebook facebook.com/JavitaWorld
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn When ur girl aint tryin to give u no pussy! Or ur Whack in bed! Or Ur Dick Small LMAO
The season finale of "The Walking Dead" totally killed me.
doing me dirty lmao
you're right, it was more like your shoulder plowing into my nose. my bad.
tell me ur watching the #brewers still
Omg. LOVE LOVE LOVE the yellow dress! Good find!
duh im sure u dont have balls lmaoo
Very, very, very...tired
Give me a break.
playoff atmosphere n players playing to stay alive in the race and non contending teams playing for pride n to stay on their teams nxt seasn
c'mon man...are you a true fan?
On lunch break reading tweets wtf
I love driving at night.
Vision turned into reality.
Willie Nelson's "On the Road Again" for their dominate play on the road!
Little scrum after the whistle when Streit pulls down Giroux. Streit was pulled down in the #Flyers zone but #isles didn't get the call
No food at the new place, so dinner is red wine, leek and morel cheese, genoa salami and bread. I feel so French
IPhone users mad cause androids got instergram water y'all mad for. So now androids got beef with iPhones
NBC News projects: Six-term Senator Richard Lugar defeated in Indiana GOP primary
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain. - Lily Tomlin
Thanks - am excited! Let me know if there's anyone you'd be interested in hearing more about!
Coming new Accord MUST be a hit for Honda - USA TODAY
Thanks for the follow:)! Wishing you
i loved our hang time today senorita!!
sorry I was listening to music
Thank you Christopher. I will look at more of your work soon.
I beez in the trap be-beez in the trap
We are happy to introduce/welcome a new member to our Sales Team. Steve Chen (Jr. Sales). You can contact him at
Dear Mr. Spider, unless you pay rent, you can't live in my house.
me too! I wish I was SJP!
omg you looked incredibly beautiful Julie!! i loved your dress you two are the perfect couple<3
So proud!!! It...umm..looks like it may need a string...or four :)
Yeah I'm just doing my part for the economy, nom nom nom.
With a frigid day like today we’re pretty sure all groundhogs will be staying inside!
Despite badgers impending loss, should be happy, Colfax is headed to state
do you think 2x per week would be overkill? Or do you think it is a valid option?
I wish my best friends were pornographers.
What a good Monday: I passed a class I was worried about and my roomie got a job!! Yay
Nice; thanks for the suggestion!
90s Pandora station to pump me up for the day!
FOX 9 wants to know your connection to the Royal Wedding? Are you going? Do you have a MN connection? Email us at
Catch up day after a week of focused work. Lifting the head to get perspective. Thanks for yesterday's inspiration.
Over by Aderhold. Or am I thinking of Sidebar... I don't know the name! lol.
That's awesome. Most of those guys look like CPAs rather than pro athletes. Also may appreciate one of those cards.
Washingtonian magazine readers have chosen Firehook's cookies as the best in town! Stop by your local Firehook Bakery and try one!!!
Collaborative Prototyping with ProtoShare Business Edition Now Available for ... - Seattle Post Intelligencer
This is a played out prob but it's real for me right now: I own print bks. I need to get digital copies. Not buying twice. What 2 do?
WVU defensive end Bruce Irvin's highlight tape included sacks of Danny O'Brien at Maryland, and Russell Wilson at NC St.
Good Girl(;
Played on a small1X12 Ampeg combo last nite,it was very clean sounding!nice balance+great tone! I think it was a Ampeg B1...very nice!
I want to see Chicago's software written in Python 3.
We are officially California residents.
As soon as 12:00 hits I am out
how much for a collab Adam ??
glad to see you on a real show!
To check out Prince Fielder and Miguel Cabrera, avg tix run at $31. Above league avg.
DM any links would be dope. Thanks!
Great night with family... It really is a Wonderful Life
hey will u text me? I have a question and also have to tell you something.
A friend told me my “pineneedle” green spring coat really IS the name of Packer green! Wonder what the gold is called?
Rangers score in the third because itS past Brodeur's bed time so he's tired
Having a great time on a panel with for on non -profit careers.
Thank you for #Latism #education chat!
Thanks, and you are most welcome.
What?... tweeted me back? I would so attempt a cartwheel right now if I knew I wouldn't break any bones
I want my own guru.
I almost forgot. My daughter has early release from school today.
hit me up cuz
Pau show that you can do that more...
So COOL! Thanks for sharing!
. It definitely can be, yes. Btw-really like the portfolio of your work on your site!
If you follow me maybe you will make my day :D.
I can't drive 55. First speeding ticket ever.
G'Morning. :]
we love your work, Keep it up!
I can't feel my legs.
will be played at "Copa L.A." 10th annual youth soccer tournament on May 28 & 29, Ab Brown Soccer Complex, Riverside, CA.
is in Arkansas for conference. Only race today is the 3000m at 6:45pm (central time.)
I can't wait for Thursday it'll be a battle.
Dang Legit!
meant many!! haha
Congrats to Point Park baseball head coach Loren Torres with his 100th win at the school, 3-2 over Taylor today.
Yeah for an hour of sleep, yeah for odd Thomas shooting
I may not be the best at giving advice but , I promise I'm ALWAYS here to listen . <3
Never underestimate the power of passion. – Eve Sawyer
THAT HAHA GAVE U AWAY LOL
WHY NOT
But we do it so well
Be an inspiration to others by refusing to give up. Who knows what someone else can achieve because you never gave up.
as do we are you a lubbock area resident?
...that's going in my bra.
are you serious?
This sub got a million moles on her thumb.
My yorkie just attacked my rotwailer loll
Can we take a break now? #seriously Haha. Thought we'd be the last ones. Guess not.
Man I done had to tell this mf to stop moving like 30 times already, nbs. I'm done coaching this nigga...
OH: Well, we just took care of
i'm watching it! also can't wait for the Avengers commercial and spiderman one!u want 2c avengers more or dark knight rises?
lol whatever it is I'm sure it was awesome
it's always, it's all for you.
o is following us! What an honor ^-^ thank you!
Probably just went to my last ever track meet. Almost cried twice. You never realize how much you miss something until its gone.
haha good call. Must turn off auto tweets.
Man wat am I going to eat
talking to a viewer about a story we aired...
welcome to New York! If you're around Sunday there's a comedy show at the knitting factory and I think something at union hall.
Bucket list #546 Learn to spell Venice.
Hey your work out partner from good 'ol Eau Claire (Bon Iver) is representing #WisconsinCelebs on tonight's grammys
Haha. Would be hard to find in the 39 hours of podcasts. I'll try! I wonder if I will run into cat noises.
Ar u tried of being on twitter whts up.
Great reporting!
This. RT : Wonder what Clifton thinks about Sapp's bankruptcy? RT : Wonder what Sapp thinks about Clifton's release?
Today's Soups: Chicken Noodle & Cream of Asparagus
Wishing you amazing brightness, purity and truth, eternal joy and everlasting love!" Happy holidays! --Thomas Otway
-_____- it's a bad time to order but you want wings?
Ready for to rock the keynote.
Watching the drama unfold between and
Playing a show in Tennessee Saturday! Gonna be great!
Stop singing you suck
RT Just voted for ! Join me!!! / Thank you, Amy!
I want to see 1 up close! RT : This can open a lot of doors for new possibilities. Cool idea! #LED contact lens! bit.ly/ny6PQ7
is making a Thai curry w/ potatoes, spinach, leeks, & coconut milk. Perfect for this weather.
I was a Selena account anyways.
Francesca Pagliasotti was found guilty of being an accessory to murder in the Alicia Martinez murder case. She will be sentenced in July.
. asks: "Do scholars get their hands dirty?" (With image of printer's shop on the screen). No one right answer of course
I'm listening to music to help me. #AlwaysHelps -Caity xoxo
who is Conley? I had to google him.
Stress will be the death of me!
Summertime in the Chi and one year of art school under my belt. Feelin good, feelin great.
when exactly do you sleep? lol
A fan of special needs kids
I would get the drug affected baby.
So proud of all of the graduates! Welcome to this mighty circle of Bison alum! Enjoy every moment! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
it's possible! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> lmao
I know how that is Bel, but is all worth it! you are an awesome mom. Have fun with Karinita,
Yes! RT He'd probably pick up a $16 tab
What??? RT I am here I a simple mission to slap a hater and complete you
Thanks for feeding all of us at the at and for being generally awesome!
Chillen at Ivy for ms Christina Vegas bday!!!!! on the turntables!!!! Heaven!
Dumbo has big ears and big eyes! Bonus. Lol (: Get my joke?? :O Probably not... I tried!
Beyond pumped!!!
<U+25BA> You can't use a pitchfork to unload a truckload of bowling balls.
The epic journey home for Christmas begins: today flying Berlin-Amsterdam-Detroit-Boston. Tomorrow bussing or car-ing to Camden.
Huffington Post reports 95% chance someone will win the Mega Millions tonight. Good luck to you.
best "nap" ever ;) hahah
RT : come hang at the hideout tonight! making pear-pistachio soup w/ pistachio romesco. benefits hunger relief in chicago!
love you too <3
RT : I changed all my passwords to "incorrect". So whenever I forget, it will tell me "Your password is incorrect."
Heading to the Digital Media event at Audio Advice this week. Thursday in Raleigh, Friday in Charlotte. www.audioadvice.com
just me, and Sidney Poiter tonight!
“: Why don't they just give the best band ever award and get it over with! :-)” agreed!
lol we are friends :)
Singing along sotto voce to Jackson Browne in cat food aisle of Dominicks. Such is my life.
& if u going through something and u see no end in sight....remember.....U gotta walk by faith n not by sight!
I'm addicted to painting my nails.
Need new counter-tops? Come visit us and pick out from our great selection ...
Next year I'm gonna make a fake bracket and one where I actually try and see which one does better
Thanks for support everyone. We pitched, got some useful feedback, and are now working on next steps. Stay tuned.
we need to Skype this weekend. Like, NEED
Thank you Kristina for all your hard work! RT: : Congrats to our volunteer of the month !
Met with my professors and got a lot off of my chest. I feel much better and not going to give up on my training.
way to go Lisa!
Next up, Sugar cookies!!! :)
Going to the snow finally!!! :)
And then I gave him to a good home (:
Love DC! I get off the Metro and immediately run into Sandra Diaz. Having dinner with Lauren and Bagby tonight. Life is good.
going to see #SilentHouse with Liz.
So...uh...has the position been filled yet?
Passover is just around the corner. Get your Seder orders in early! Call 529-DELI
ashbroook --- when does in#civility become dangerous? what if people believe the hyperbole
that is my jam!
she's sleeping
#FF - my March volunteer project in South Africa.
Nice long day working #Brewers & #DBacks press conferences. Listen to my work on MLB Network!
WOWWW that's so messed up
Just got home! We started the day by driving marathon route. Made me SO tired just driving it. She did great, beat her PR!
What? No, you already had class. My afternoon class got to go home early.
Thank you! We do our best!
The modern meeting is a 'special event,' it's a tool for change.
have you checked out our service??
Thanks! But in that case I have to disappoint you: have moved to Washington DC :-)
Awesome!! RT : The Boss says the Big Man's nephew, Jake Clemons, will fill those big shoes on sax for his upcoming tour
Matt Saracen may be getting a call from the Cowboys
Can't do homework without listening to music <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Monday Nov 7 listen live to Anna Cuevas Save Your Home tips on KFWB Los Angeles with Bob McCormick on Money 101 9am
I've been playing w/ the beta of a tablet app that controls our Blu-ray players. It's pretty neat how technology works together.
Find out how much AFP paid Palin to be here.
It's not available through the "build an indicator list" function. You have to do each indicator separately for PDFs.
I'm Scared :(
just a side note, if a guy says he's not like other guys, he's exactly like other guys.
Chad TBagginAllDayErryday Walters
I WILL NOT BE IGNORED MIKEY FUSCO.
thanks Jerry!! Happy Turkey Day to you and Gail & the fam!!! :)
Suggestion – Eighth, Mention something positive about the speakers who spoke before you, if there were any speakers.
A late-night writing session. Well, starting to get late. Haven't done this in awhile.
aiight ima email u. I got you email on my other account
I can't take it...to..to voluminous!
RT At this rate, I'm expecting 100's of drunk tweets from and
Brooklyn is not the easiest place to grow up in, although I wouldn't change that experience for anything. - Neil Diamond
Thank you!
Lls. Right! He Is So Damn Sexyy!
Big storm, short duration! Gotta love the Richmond summertime....
Sun. June 5th writers reading: Wynne Renz, Patrick O'Neil, Stacy Gnall, and James Brown. The Good Luck Bar. Doors open 7pm. See you there!
Everyone at the PIrates game better head to consol for the Power game! your game ticket gets you 50 percent off lower level seat!
Happy Birthday to !
you're welcome! Will I see you this summer?
just to chill & hang out
Good Kickstarter tps from "Go after your core target audience once you have raised some money from your close followers".
not really...I am always afraid of murdering the names but if you really want me to I can
GOOD LUCK BABE! You will do great!
Thank you City Tavern for a great night! We always have so much fun when we play there! Tonight we are at Tilted Kilt in Lewisville!
I love how you are so interactive with your fans<U+2665> :)
A video ad popped in the middle of the chat screen. My computer was slow, ad kept stalling - it took a few minutes.
The Colts should be as serious about RGIII as LeBron is about his 4th quarter play.
Awesome. I'm looking forward to your tweets too.
Yes you are !
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOMS (AND AUNTIES WHO ACT AS MOMS) ON TWITTER #HappyMother'sDayEve
Just talked about in trevor potts class! Happy birthday again buddy!
Do you like dogs?:P
Diaz and Lopez - gorgeous! Great dresses for awarding #best costume to #mark bridges for The Artist. Knew this would happen! -- Michael
Apparently it's relationship season on facebook.
Playing on turntable with my coworkers. We need more inter-office collaboration like this ;-)
I do think Tony is a decent entertainer, but not big on his voice....and he's kinda nice to look at :-D
I'm the opposite. The 1st half was rather shitty. I feel myself going on a tear for the rest of the 2nd. Join the resistance.
New vinyl album releases give record stores a kick
Yup work never stops <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> lol “: So you're just booking jobs while you're in Alaska, huh?? Lol! I see you...! ”
Happy 4th of July! Enjoy the holiday! If you are still looking for family fun this summer in Los Angeles, check out www.nourishedfamilys.com
RT : Omgeeeee it smells great in the boutique thanks to candles! If you like candles, stop by BK Stone boutique!
gotta go study for history not really in the mode!!
thanks!! You too!!
And what can I do? :D :D
Very nice but it would've been just as easy to draw both.
On Netflix watching sum good movies...
love to take my 3 daughters to the NFC championship game so they can share in what I was blessed with at 11,14,18,19, & 24. 5 bowls
You can catch more chicks with money than u can with none,
Modern warfare baby
Editing video of #EARTHFAIR (!). SO funny how NOW I see all the people who were staring at me. Thought I was being discrete :(
No matter what tiger woods will always be my favorite golfer
I agree. Perhaps also with a sprinkle of "inherent," since SM is better when you have a good pool of people to share with.
He traded up for Clay
okay lol I don't really care more power to ya I'm just saying it could be worse
I call not moving your bed downstairs... that railing is a biotch.
“: #nicelittlesaturday” bed, bath, and beyond or olive garden?
Watching Todrick Hall videos on youtube haha(:
Hey we have the Timberland boat shoes in brown n khaki, red, blue, and black!!!!!!
Fun meetings on the East Coast this week
I'm watching the best video ever:{D of , Live>>unplugged>>Franklin Tennessee;) I love this video, DVD!
possibly...dm me now
Our #Packers guy in office made good point. Boise, where McClellin went, has kinda become Green Bay of college football.
- looking good guys!
He should be... he was in the damn movie!
Making plans to shop on Devon for the best-tasting Easter meal ever!
I Wonder What He's Doing ?
Right! Ignorant! That can be used in a court!
On my way to Marine City to pick up my dad! He'll be home from New York (work) for the weekend! :)
it is but cant put a/c on for very long. it freezes up. havnet called office yet. need to tomm.
indeed. it was like a sauna.. I gotta get some moneyand start taking choppers or private jets. I lost 10 pounds in 10 minutes
you could buy the Large wash it in hot water, then throw it in the dryer. I'm sure it will shrink down to a Medium..Just saying.
Im bored and hungry
Nelly Songs List
#Huguely judge says there will be half and hour between primary verdict and sentencing phase of trial.
the truth gon hurt you ....<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
you might want to rethink having your picture up at all. you should be embarrassed to be alive.
Damn. Madonna for the win.
I just got pierced by this guy from Finland nd he was telling it's like the hardest language to learn lol i'm determined though
Sometimes you have to get out of LA. Thank you Warren, now back to the real world!
Archery Seems Like Fun !
What's your #1 driving accessory? I HAVE to have sunglasses!
After the Karateka remake, of course.
NP I'm Sprung T-Pain
oh my god, my dad thinks im crazy but im like still laughing from that snl digital short. seriously that was hilarious ahahaha
I was really hoping that was gonna be a sneaked pic of you and the Prez
blah, of course a social network is over capacity :) makes sense, but now where am I supposed to hang out?! Myspace?!
RT : Watching , for the first time. C/o 09
finals start today. I'm not ready.. :/
wait. is that the mom from MSCL doling out the hallucinogens? Patty?!
no Lauren Gray no Niko Star? BLASPHEMY!!!!
just made our day with that one
anybody wanna buy (or knows anyone who wants to buy) a pretty good drum set and mic w/ mic stand for $350?
“: So many awesome events scheduled for next weekend!” Can't wait for fun in the SUN on the waterfront!!
I could seriously sit and watch #GAC all day, everyday.
I thought we were connected on there but I can't find you now. Maybe it was always just twitter.
Theres no fucking way im going to school like this.
Alex! Can you follow me again? :) Oh and Nice picture up there ^^ :)
Gniadek comes in for relief and retires one batter to end the fourth. North Texas leads 7-0. Simmons in the circle for NT.
Thank you Becky my account was compromised I deleted all the weight loss posts changed the password and notified twitter:-)
At SlutWalk DC!!! Next to the Sylvan Theater. Stop by and say Hi!
3.5 Mile run outside in 83 degree Nashville. Whoa.
Thanks Anna! It was good to see you as always!
are you watching ABC?
What’s the most important part of having killer #hair: genes or a rock-star stylist? Discuss.
This has been our Car of the Day before, but it’s so good, it gets to be our Car of the Day again. We reward excellence....
next year !
It's my birthday in one hour!!! #woo #22 !!
: We're not sure about the whole lineup, so please contact for more details! Either way, enjoy the show! :)
Today I heard about a friend who 40+ years ago was gang raped when he was 8 & who suffered from cerebral palsy.
Let's Go Thunder!!!
He might hug other guys, laugh with other guys, or hangout with other guys. But none of them will ever mean to him as much as you do.
Since I can't RT my friend I just fav all of her awesome tweets!
is cuckoo for twitter puffs. A twitter giant amongst NFL owners.
tweet at us how your experience with #ProgressivePlumbing was!
my phone number hasn't changed, but yours has. So who you calling a stranger? Stranger!
Don't forget to write me in as the AL starting 1st baseman for the All-Star game. I'm only 1 home run behind Pujols, after all.
Wow that's pretty nice c: how does this Mina free pass work and where can I get one? ;b
Thanks for the follow! Loving !
gee Thanks
In n out is so #fratty right now.
yes we are, at all 3 locations, come by!!
Just caught myself saying "got it" for the third time today.
working away on Couch Sessions, volume four. keep those questions coming....a Dear Abby for bands. www.weallmakemusic.com
I can't write about the Westminster Dog Show without thinking about Best In Show movie references - "No, that's a bear in a bee costume."
it is because I'm there isnt it?
praise the Lord that he is better! God is good.
Peter F. Drucker
u there???
OKC shoulda stayed in Seattle...idk what a "SuperSonic" suppose to look like but I'm willing to bet money it looks like KD Lmmfao
Man I wish would stop spending so much time on the saints BS, nobody cares!!!
Dear radio, play music not commercials!
A food revolution is on in Harlem + doesn't want you to miss it. His special Savoring Harlem airs tonight on 8PM
trying to get all my work done before the cafe wifi signal cuts me off...oh the joys of working for yourself these days
I love your hair. Do you love to curl it or straighten it?
keep me from not being bored
What a beautiful Wednesday Ya'll! Hope to see everyone out at Wednesday At The Square.
Clearly Dick Cheney was put at the top of the list for a heart because he was the only candidate who had never had one.
Thanks for the RT
There's a Cinco De Mayo party in our hotel's lobby...
tornadoes, orange skies, fallen trees...the usual.
I'm not. I'm leaving. See you at graduation!!!
I tear up every time I watch what a cool show!
I'm a "double bagger". That's good, right?
haha it was fun making them :)
Increasing frequency of trH3N2 cases and the genetic similarity between these sequences support an emerging trH3N2 swine pandemic.
Sounds good! RT : I could really go for some monicals right about now
You're not the only one mind fucked haha thanks
have fun in Sweden :)
I am! I work and live near UCI.
Where all is but a dream, reasoning and arguments are of no use, truth and knowledge nothing. ~ John Locke
it was legit flying yo.
Aw I miss u too. Your fake ass!
aww...“: Following makes me kinda sad!! I just wanna go back to #PCB”
Uh I wish I was close enough to #Wahlburgers to go there and catch the game! Thanks for rubbing it in tho lol ; )
I think Wagner used to do the same thing
Level of severity has no relation to parent's level of optimism. Apparently, it's a matter of choice. #andthatislife ;)
Stressful morning today - heavy traffic which was odd for a Thursday.
how was Monty Python? You and Marco and Brandon are a triple threat! Congrads on the engagement!
What in the "Dune"? “: I don't quite know if I'm tired or if I've been asleep all this time and finally prepared to awaken...”
Late night cravings... But it's only 10...
Let's get C.L.E.A.R. about Addiction, Coalition 4 Leadership, Education & Advocacy 4 Recovery conf. in Pgh. Open up, look up & let's heal us
yes it has!!.. How are you??
I've been on tweet limit on my other account for over an HOUR! So mad >.<
I'm just assuming it was in reference to a huge cock. Can't be insulted by that;)
Wow...I'm extremely sad this morning to the point of tears...why is this happening to my family?:'(
omg u feel my pain! Haha. Its too much!
“There is no way to peace, peace is the way.” – Peace activist A.J. Muste
where all the taylors ?? gimme some good "taylor gang or..." to retweet.
My dog woke me up when he yawned in my face. My revenge: leaving him in a room I farted in.
Hollywood Special f/x, killer music, huge bar, costumes, & killer sound system , join us with ur friends for just $30!
a big reason to reason to watch the #NFLDraft...on MUTE!
- digging their stage setup
#100factsaboutme 7. ive been on tv over 15 times and love it!
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work. John G. Pollard
Why does your Droid Bionic battery suck SO BADLY? You just expect everyone to shell out an extra $25+ for the extended battery?
NXBL LIVE BROADCAST NOW Tampa vs Polk County (double header) @ Henley Field in Lakeland FL www.doublediamondbaseball.com
call the weed man tell him bring another zip....yeah i know he just let he gotta make another tripp
The kid wants $300 beats by dre, he's 13! Kids these days, sheesh.
in such ah fuckin bad mood. !
Always love when I put a project aside, then return in a couple of months and can't remember what all my detailed color coding means.
M&amp;A News: Private Equity Buys Oil and Gas | Avid Investor Group
will never notice me.. and i cant stop the tears because nobody will take me to see him in milwaukee, i love cody soo much D:
Cool kid status. Literally.
that sounds like torture! have you tried using socks?
I just found on twitter
#SenWarneratUMW "We have the best intellectual capital..." Innovation needs some help with funding.
Thanks for the add . How is the weather in AZ? Getting hot?
#rip Chuck Brown anyone who ever listened to him knows he was the Godfather of his genre
RT The Father-Son relationship is very important & I work hard to be a great example for him & as a Man in general..
No i dont wanna study...i just wanna watch the playoffs all day!!
I need Bryce Avary in my life again.
Sometimes AT&T + T-Mo doesn't seem so bad. Getting DC'd by AT&T 5x in one call and getting connected to a stranger's call changes my mind.
add me please gummy_bear243
Almost a month until I fly back. Not exactly sure how I should feel.
Well I just wanna see everyone before I go abroad, so I'll make it happen.
#greys me thinks they won't reveal who failed til next week
I'm usually a nice, easy going person. This poor lady has no idea who she is dealing with....I can be very mean.
As always, rocked the Sinatra solo.
I was thinking the Foo Fighters in drag and one of the New Boyz.
Those late night convos between you and someone who used to be special........
hey - how about a follow! Great work on our website and blog. www.hq-law.com
Goodbye Jack. You were a great dog.
hehe :) The less steps the better for me :) xoxo
Thanks for the RT!
Do you take reservations?
DAMMN. its been FOREVER.
just saying there as a Mr Daniels on an Andy Petree hood that crossed the finishline first all those many years ago
exactly if u let da crowd get to u n battle rap.... U in the wrong job... Lol everybody is not go feel what u saying.
We In Here Playin Pinball>>>>
Access Hollywood should be called Excess hollywood
We got this!
Okay I am going to start a practice called the tip of the day!!it's going to be fun
are you ok . I miss you a lot drew .
I just learned of the show last night and saw it for the first time. How excellent! I love it!!!
AnyWays I'ma Try To Sleep Night:)
oh right. I always forget about that part
haha! Good point, I like how you think ;)
At the EXACT moment there's any kind of flash forward (no spoilers) just stop the DVD and say "Well, THAT sure was a good series!"
can you make hoagies?
ha ha, in my classes it seems like everyone is either BFFs who will talk, or nemeses that refuse to sit together, teenagers!
No apes were used in the making of Rise of the Planet of the Apes. Apes don't look like apes on film - you have to use cats.
We Voted!
7 hospitalized with carbon monoxide poisoning in Greenwich - Greenwich Time
so un-stoked for stealing my rightful followers :'( i want to cry forever </3 I DESERVE AT LEAST 30! lawlzzz
awesome, have em put it up on the site or something when it's finalized haha
about what
“: and u like Miami. Before that Cavs, Denver, pistons, Memphis and Philly!!! ~ Frequent Flyer Miles!!!
#RonPaul fills arenas for a reason. Pay attention.
YOU WUUT? you lucky mothertrucker. ballsack bro. thats hot. omg. i think ima die. <3 wut if he had a twitter&saw this. O.o
ID RATHER BE LET DOWN THAN BE A LET DOWN BLEGHHH!
that literally made me laugh out loud.
yay! See you tonight!
Dead baby found at Oprah school
Going bo see today
Followed brother
"Everywhere" isn't accurate: it really seems to be just California and London, as far as Eventful is concerned
just announced an $82,000 contribution to theatre campaign on behalf if Indy!
If you've never seen a #buffalo dance, well, we're dancin' in 2012! Congrats #cubuffs! #gobuffs!
#dh2010 Thanks, Heard there were problems earlier.
you done being mad at me :X
One in seven thinks end of world is coming, says poll
You going to argue about the Brewers line up again? Z
Went to sleep early last night but i wasn't really tired. It was purely recreational.
Anyone else like FRREEEAAKKKINGGG out about the Google+ hangout tonight?! XD
textbook just got stolen while i was upstairs getting coffee
hangin in there....!
S/O to zgokc. Liking that #lonelyroad track. Bless you brother.
Heading to to pick up some surprises for !
When the cat's away, the mouse will wear sweatpants and catch up on back eps of Missing already...
Vegas, sorry!
Going to bed. Goodnight everyone! <3
On the ground in Philadelphia... Woohoo!!! L<U+2764>ve getting home to spend time with friends and family <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
why am i losing followers on tumblr :(
Very much looking forward to your story, First Time events are always entertaining
Body weak
Thinking about creating a Play! framework module to simplify generating a vCard-focused QR code. Pass in some data, render the image, done.
that moment when your in the middle of an awesome dream and your parents start calling out your name so you start hearing in your dream too.
Every night, no matter how tired I am, I stay up until 11:11 to make a wish, because I know that someday that wish I make will come true.
db does it every fckn time :)
king of rap? Lol
HAHAHAH going to have a good time tonight...
like legit you are beautiful. passed him on my way to the buses.
Why do people think so called "school choice" will solve anything? In 30 years it has only widened achieve gap in Chicago.
maybe after 20 attempts, iTunes will finally load today?
so...was that a green thief? Does that make it ok? #no&NO": That's an awful feeling. RT : Someone stole my bike.
Devious deeds occasionally occur at the library....
Arizona sees rise in revenues from tribal casinos
it's only toxic I you eat it, not if you put it in your bloodstream
Can I get a RT for being a 3 year follower of ??
Wishing you a great week as well!!
I know it's nice outside, but come to cycling 2nite and you won't have to fight the LFPath
Thanks you, Georgia :)
Thanks for the warning.
Check out this new film I'm working on!
It's 5:02 over here but its like around 2:00 or some shxt on the West Coast:(
My phone says does not follow you. You think we can change that? ;)
Perhaps you could use this prayer app ==> www.birdofprayer.org
Hanging Valentine's Day decorations? Be sure they don't interfere with any of your door or window contacts.
There comes a time when you need somebody to pray for you and give you Godly advice.
Oh YEA its #Friday guess what
I hate people -_-
Of course we're going to a seafood place for lunch...
Thanks for the #ff. Right back at you.
Me:(to dad) I drive or what??:p Dad: ha, u don't even know how to drive Me: if I know how to drive in my psp, I know how to drive>:P
"No, mom, it's not a scary movie. It has Meryl Streep in it". "Who?" Dear god, now she's just fucking with me. Except she's not.
stop screaming, you're hurting my ears.
Find dolma at Tootsies in Atlanta, ga!
": Why is it I see the people I hate more than the people I love? #whatislife"
Holy shit I live in the east village!
did you see his new movie? I loved it.
Doc takes out Ray Allen, who's completely ineffective
Now that it's all over, what did you really do yesterday that's worth mentioning? ~ Coleman Cox
So so happy you're back in my life :)
I kinda thought that. Do we get a boost in our score for tweeting about it???
My neighbor's cat is in heat and its perpetual meowing is driving me insane. Somebody please come over and fuck this cat, I need to sleep
Tom, in class,trying to tweet to message board. using hashtag. not working. shows lock by my tweets on home page. suggestions?
Me too. Thankfully I caught it before the conference even started!
Don't even tweet me about politics. I'll win a debate 9 times outta 10
When you text someone and see them tweeting or on instagram/Facebook - YOU SUCK. Gtfo.
Watching MU and the Badgers at Trinity w -- lets go wisco sports!
#HowCanYouExpect to be a boss, unless you started out entry level??
Two trailer park girls go round the outside
Nobody can acquire honor by doing what is wrong. – Thomas Jefferson
Sittin in bed smokin a bowl to the dome!!! #Life good night!
Oh, he's just gearing up for his next story: "Why blacks should act more blacky".
... look for custom shirts coming your way VERY soon
I just passed that, hopefully I'll get it soon. Thanks!
": Just Got Thru Hoopin Wit & Now Time For #Next2Naked"
Life is short and we humans are so fragile. I will try harder to make a big difference and leave nothing on the field.
i used it to bring a friend back to MKE! I used it. I used a voodoo doll. Oh gosh. Ugh. I'm weird.
getting a restraining order? I was considering suggesting that. >hugs<
He's probably drunk rn.
I stand by my tweet :) And they were good live! A little sleepy at times but sounded great.
Dose of Finley needs to be used early and often against the G-men.
sounds great. God blesses those who show compassion to the meek. My contributions are direct to the villages.
let's go #Rams ! RT : College basketball is finally here! Come pick up all your #VCU gear and lets get ready for game time!
RT Is Iron Lady a sequel of Iron Man? #oscars Jeffrey Ross is pure genius
Ain't that the truth! RT “: If your crew is locked up and you're chilling, you're probably a snitch!”
thanks so much for following me!
Walking about in South Park
There truly is a thin line between love and hate...
Thank you for the RT, Jessica!
when did snooki become a Hokie?
work it girl, you look hot (no homo)* lol
Home Sales for May – Los Feliz Ledger
Kiss Me Under The Mistletoe <333
Sometimes u just have to walk away form everything... "if I had so much to say that's y i had to walk away"
come on you know I got nothing but love for u!
sounds like an uneducated opinion
Alright let's turn this around
Few things help an individual more than to place responsibility on him and to let him know that you trust him. - Booker T. Washington
Love this and love TJs. Doug Rauch, fmr prez of Trader Joe's, explains how grocer failed its way to success by taking risks. Via
I would just like to say that Alison Bechdel's ARE YOU MY MOTHER has outsold 50 SHADES OF GRAY nearly twofold. Huzzah.
Don't pour your heart into your music only to waste it with horrible #mixing. Take the right step, mix it professionally...
had a great time being back in my old hometown and conducting the Detroit Symphony today!
aw he's to kuteee!<3
some ceviche would b nice right now
Just ate all of 's oreos. She's gonna be ticked...
you sound like an advertisement for a running store.
God must love the common man, he made so many of them. - Abraham Lincoln
My brackets are done after today. Xavier is one of the few "upsets" that I got right.
Loving this twitter thing.....
Hey guess what i live near Albany ( The capitol of NY<3) but i cant go im sad tho i love you
Nebulone: Any wad of ground meat shaped like a turtle and adorned with bacon.
Tan time, YEAH! Can't wait for my first KD formal tonight with the best date ever !
Kids' Day later this morning !! kid filmmakers get hands on demonstrations. (1/2)
its funny how you're lieing to laci
Evening of the arts :)
Look at my dip, bitch.
Oh. Look at that. I guess I kneed to learn to spell knead.
I can't wait to see on Thursday night!!!
its national tourism week - let's celebrate
yea its still the same, you still got it?
happy birthday brah (:
What did we serve 2day 4 's wklong Organic Care Wrkshp? BBQ woodsmokd Pulled Pork on UpperCrust Bakery buns &Manila Sunset Slaw
I'm about to eat my fist off. How am I supposed to study when I'm this hungry. SOS Bring treats to the cubbies!
Todd Buchholz was a drag on this panel. Freeland and Frank were much, much better.
Only a few hours? You need at least a week to see everything!
Is 4-5pm nutter hour in every bookshop, or just ours?
#HipHop #Gangster #Fiction. Download your copy of A-Town Veteran today.
4 Letter Word.
Dam...who's the party for?
It's a super storm outside...
playing video games with my dad and brother ow ow owww
great meeting you all! Thanks for support (cc )
Someone tweet me
mine was fine y was yours horrible
mhm c; I thought you had bad aim? lol
Offense now officially heating up?
don't forget about us little people. I'll be happy with a burrito or a cup of coffee :)
thx! come by 's booth during the Innovator Spotlight to play w/the wireframe prototype of our new mobile app
Usually just housebound due to baby plus work
Goodnight Columbus, good morning Chicago
thanks to you as well!
Richardson is the only logical answer to the Great Heisman Question, in the name of Science!
Romney should release all his tax returns so that we can see how many nannies "stay at home mom" Ann had. Release ur taxes!!
sorry forgot the appropriate hashtag #JerseyShore. I'm new to this algegra stuff! Love you.
its raining and my baby is sick, but God never puts more on us than we can bare. #blessed anyhow!
adamyas is in knee deep in belief
RT : Had great visit in Columbus today. Will need to hire several thousand engineers to keep pace with incredible...
Fulop is the man of the match for Arsenal.
Thanks for the follow ! If you haven't been to the Flag House, I'd love for you to stop by!
Very Nice!
Hey everyone! Our FF's have been super low lately... care to change that please?
#RedSox mercy rule?
Back at ya, sweetie. xo
thanks! love your bookmarks:)
. well then. i think we both know what we're gonna do tomorrow till 4:30 :) bahahahahahahahahah <3
yes,, tough time of year coming
The best version IMO of Baby it's Cold Outside- from ELF - it is so cold out in #NYC I couldn't help but think of this great song!
I just can't get enough jalapenos. God damn.
hell ya! I just miss being behind a drum set and jammin with u! I think I'll be home in April or may
Three NCAA basketball games in 7 days, two teams ranked in the top 5...not a bad sports week! Goal now: tix to the final 4 in NOLA!
": ": Tired if jacking off" ewww"lol
#NihonWhiskeyLounge in #SF takes great care of my #foodallergies everytime, so I can enjoy yummy sushi! Thank you!
What's so appealing about being a thug: Most people dont know. They just do it because others do it.
least exciting. Probably not worst.
Magnalogix - Hosted VOIP Predicitive dialer. For all your call center needs. Intro special, lead data and more !
Good points. There's generally more than one motive behind shooting/publishing video online.
lol why are you looking thru my old tweets? Haha
#feelbetterjustin <3 your fans love you and want you to get better.
Mavs Fans if you haven't already be sure you follow and welcome to your 2011-2012 Mavs Roster. #mavsnation #mavs #GoMavs!
Maybe it's just me but when I think of GOONIES I think more about Spielberg. Has his fingerprints all over it.
Marker made the typo.. not me!
Uh, we have mouse problems like crazy. Get a cat. They are awesome at getting them. Ours was a mouse hunting machine.
was OBSESSED with twitter but have been so busy lately:( must start the obsession again!
Only a few more performances of A Crack in Everything! Starts at 1pm & it's FREE! If you love innovative dance & video, it's a must see!
shot im tired af
I felt the same way- the finale is gold. Best finale ever.
contact MISL or USL.com, who will be strating a new indoor league next year - good luck!
We're shutting it down in Bentleyville, PA. Almost to our new home.
Yep right at the top of the pass it is snowing! Love it.
woke up!!!!!!!! I love you too <3 but you should click my follow button(:
yes bring the whole family.... why not!!!
Those jolly ranchers weren't even as great >_>
If they had a Penalty Jar for Douchebaggery in the Halls of DC, the National Debt would be paid off in a matter of months!
My youngest I'd performing as a contortionist at the Chinese New Year show in San Jose, she comes out of a huge clam shell...
what was that task question xx
I feel lucky I got Gil, the man, the myth, the legend following me now!
I don't have 9 Youtube accounts, sweetheart. All those dislikes aren't mine.
oakland in the house
Senate minority leader john sampson says albany is "organized chaos" in press conference by dems about "war on women"
thx :) appreciate it buddy :)
Next Buick LaCrosse To Be “Really Expensive And Premium” - GM Authority (blog)
- they're like Macs. They don't fail. LoL
So. Suddenly. Sick. Thought I was getting better. Wrong. I may never be able to eat spaghetti again.
Shut up, cab driver, I hate you so much, ah!!!!!
Anthony Lukas made an its/it's error in a letter. Do I give my students more slack because of this?
Who's going to the Derby Parade today? I want to see Cyndi Lauper!
Poised Creation is blessed to be backed by some of the best business professionals in the country!
Thank u Brianna! Glad u liked, sometimes is good to change music ;)
Ex-Frontier CEO Sean Menke resigns from Pinnacle Airlines
Love you guys!
I know!! She looked like a skeleton!!
Wanna get odd looks at the gym? Dont be aware that you're singing "Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks" with ur ipod on thats how i do it
Are you posting the trailer online?
bad news
really? not even an earlier Elvis Costello record?
#primFTISLANDNYC So.....how about coming to New York? ;D
Great time at the TGI Fridays Golf Tourney Monday...Thanks Again! And all for a great cause.
YOUR THE BADDEST BITCH I LOVED U ON BGC7
Bye, Guys. I'm going out, have a great week early. hug
Free movie Friday ! Caller 98 on the touchtones wins passes to
We now offer our Herradura Double Barrel Reposado "to-go" with you for $80!
Everyone says you only fall in love once, but thats not true, because every time I see you, I fall in love all over again.
CONGRATS FOR YOU TWO!!
Awww wtfuuuuuck! Your getting raped on this, keep searching! :c
Commissioner Larry Scott: Expectations are exceedingly high for
The joys of motherhood at 345a my 3 year old was sleep walkin woke me up askin me to get the fungus off her hands! What? Gonna b a long day!
Bulls lost...
Perfume doesn't taste good at all!
or, or, or. he could be announcing that he's coming to the uk to find my sexy self so we can get married and live happily ever after(;
Facebook is One of the greatest social inventions of the 21st Century!!!
Reading Shakespear's Hamlet. He is one messed up guy
if you had the chance to be a superhero, what would your name and super power be? :)
have fun!
Video - 50 Cent Registers As Bone Marrow Donor To Help 11-Year-Old 'Lion King' Star
Ruben and I are going to see dark shadows tonight IF YOU DON'T WORK COME ! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
hey how do u change ur background on here?
The next one is Sat. 3/31. Waiting on one last piece of the lineup before we announce. It's gonna be a good one though.
We're negotiating and hope to air the games. No timeline yet-sorry for miscommunication. Will keep you posted.
#tinydancer ! Best song ever!!
HA! She's a bit more crazy/angry. Maybe "Not gonna let u rain on my parade. Got a pistol in my pocket, u should be afra-iidd."
Please send an adorable blonde my way and we'll find out.
Somewhere Lee Corso is putting on a Rebel head and saying "NOT so fast!"
Life just isn't the same with out that special some1 especially when u know they wana be with you but shit is in the way of everything
Just got done with my workouts , practice means perfect.
wonder how much different everyone feels about drinkin today
Sometimes I wish I could just say everything on my mind and not worry about the outcome.
don't forget...it's also World Kidney Day!
Rumor is that Reid and Boehner have a deal and defunding planned parenthood off the table. Anyone have the source?
thank you :)
Day 75 of 100: I am thankful for my flat tire today - it got me to see that I can do much more than I think I can :)
amare gotta go. He has no idea where to go on defense and constantly loses everybody on the pick and roll.
Watched your youtube video.. lol. Very funny!
RT Thanks to for the great presentation. Mind sufficiently blown #ScaleConf thanks!
San Francisco, so much culture, great food, and not far from wine country :)
lol..gotta flash light?
Finally arrived! Green line bus 19 has a really nice driver this morning. Thanks!
ok I'll try for an hour I'm still in bed (:
should deff check out cover of PAYPHONE
i got nothin...
. #TEDMED: Docs should prescribe to address health (ex. food, heating assistance) instead of just diagnosing disease.
yeah suddenly this class is extremely fun now :3
Knocked it outta of the park, girl!
definitley! i might cry, so wear somethin' waterproof. <U+2665>
THAT'S THE WAY YOU PLAY FOR YOUR CAPTAIN
cousins!! Hands down Bynum has all the makings of bad knees.
with this weather???? Ta bien Ta bien, I'll be waiting for your <U+E00A>
Lost my mind somewhere... dropped emotions and feelings along with it. But how do I still cry?
Be back about to make a client beautiful for the club tonight ( Couture lashes & makeup)
seeing Harry's acne makes me feel good about myself lol idek.
Thanks to The Surf Rats, I am now on a psychobilly kick.
College football!!!
Didn't want you slowing down YouPorn for the rest of us again. RT : Are you shitting me?! Lent is over? Why did nobody tell me?
don't forget the day after #StarWarsDay is #RevengeOfTheFifth!
Want or need? #BurritoNecessity RT : btw: I want a burrito.
Really REALLY interesting what they just did right there with Phil and his friend on
aw that song by 50
Please ignore this tweet. Im standing here im public like a loser trying to pretend im texting.
ohmygod don't say your talking about suicide!
ORANGE LEAF IS THE BEST
who has a run and walk event coming up? and need custom shirts?
Can't read my, can't read my, no he can't read my Poker Face.
Congrats! I shall be there! Start training soon Visit for all running needs!
rightfully so... happy finance quiz day!
Hello fellow twitters.... My Birthday is in 10 days im so excited.... Doing it real big in the D baby
you should teach #jidf and their gang of zombies how to do something right. They seem to be advocating in a hail digital smoke.
I wish more people can #RESPECT Austin Carter Mahone
I don't wanna do this anymore, I don't wanna be the reason why every time I walk out the door, I see him die a little more inside.
we love Conan!
Its becuz I'm me duh
Playing drums and singing w/ clareandreasons tonight @ Joe's Pub :)))
More headshots than Call of Duty
oh wow. Super early drive. Yes, we found a place. We are at the Rio.
Hows the summer going Tweeps? How 'bout a summer equipment review? Any great new pieces out there that chefs are touting?
unloads full clip in the air*
Hopefully not the start of a trend.
Just tapped, Brewing Hoptimum Whole Cone Imperial IPA (replaces Brewing Solice Ale)
I hate when customers call me after "work" hours. Do I call you when your not @ your Bar and I need to order a Beer?
I have an amazingly wonderful fiance! Came over to her house tonight and she had a great dinner waiting for me!!
omg u guys r hanging out without me
thanks for the follow, m'dears :-)
#MakesMeSMH when people won't pay for a #personaltrainer to save $$$ but end up spending all that $$$ on medical complications later in life
{Wake me up if there is a singer and a song to be heard. Enjoyed #xfactor Stacy-Francis}
I'm really enjoying THOMAS BECKET - very readable history of the life story
Hey Red Wire Fans! Sorry it has been so long since our last update. We've been renovating and livening up our whole act! We have now...
These players can only take so much...I think a lot of the T's that are called can be blamed on the referees!
Watching spongebob before church
Thinking about a nap
By the way Apple documentation and sample projects are really clear and complete.
I can't message you because you aren't following me, but please use this email: thanks!
Fact1: I had the worst 18th bday ever. Nd now my outlook on fam is different.
We listening too that "lockout" got this on replay! Wavy ass mixtape right there.
LOL! the weather report for tonight is COLD COLD COLD!!! LOL
And a Happy Festivus to you! What is your feat of strength? :)
this is too much work to tweet. I will email u and u can post it if u like
We're getting such a great response from our new initiative #attackwatch. I urge all of you great Progressives to keep up the good work!!!!!
Awww! Your amazing ;) XO
If only her mom knew what she did..
How can you just kill the father or mother of your kids?? Folks are crazy
they clearly don't care about the real students here. #TRU!!
I really really like you cause you really really like
Nice!!! They did their thing tonight. I'm proud of those guys.
Great, Courtney!
Craziest part is always creating the Media Kit and Sponsorship packages...so ready to get back to uploading videos and getting more content!
im sleeping in the living room -.-
Im pretty sure last night was the best ever..
Oh man, ezell's on lake city.
hush it kobe lover
What kind of chopper is it, Hawk?! // RT : Chopper [pregnant pause] Three-hopper.
Looking for the pack
we were thinking of trying to add maybe some dancing, too, but... maybe too ambitious.
So Kim Jong Il is dead. What does that mean for Kim Kardashian?
Like with anything we all do-we get better with time, The Secret War book was my first book-and now I write (I think anyway :) tons better!
Awkward moment when a teacher flips out on you for something somebody else did
If I get one more WONDERING WHO THIS IS BOX? I'm going to scream. We get it; you can stop now!
Ain't she tho? She was in my RA class at DU last time. I'm excited to teach it again this summer. I'd totally take your class!!
what's good with u girl!
thanks. Yours is to!
Design Beyond Objects: A Guide to Making Stuff, Without Focusing on the Stuff
give me some crazies to follow. or entertain me more.
Lol! now I'm hungry.. Follow Wendy Day on Twitter ... She really knows the music business and shares it!
I feel I needa spend all summer reading these books so I geta feel for what im in for
"The artist must be in his work as God is in creation, invisible and all-powerful; one must sense him everywhere but never see him."
Nope not yet. Thanks for your opinion. :) I grew up watching Muppet Babies and Muppets in Space and Muppets Take Manhattan. :)
long island yo
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? He is the best.!
There is currently a homeless man reciting the bible and having sex with a tree on Market Street
I wonder what curse words were 2000 years ago..
breaking ms. bradley's antique lamp freshman year.. HAHAHAHAH! hilarious.
You never need to pretend. Open invitation stands, always :)
Bananas and Strawberrys for breakfast then working my butt off.
Thanks for all of the excitement at the Princeton activities fair!
Working on JenoLo Clothing Blog...looking at different themes to publish...decisions decisions
hahah, all the laziness in the world! Although not quite sure how/why someone would go about eating a tv. Staticy, I assume.
Wish I was at weenie roast! But dinner at Madeo tonight should be fun
RT : Newt is set to pull a Romney by endorsing Romney.
But can it run CS4 Master Collection? If not, it's an iPhone. We already have those. And this won't fit in my pocket. :(
Beautiful weather in Chi, what a great night to stop by ;
What are you kid-friendly plans while in Pittsburgh?
I wana swim!!
josh wsup my brotha...yeah buddy it was good seeing you at the concert! It was good seeing everybody...hope all is well with u G!
Is it good if a vacuum really sucks
"Your mother rated E for EVERYONE" LMFAO saw that on a locker today...hahahahahahaha
goinb school jus to get kicked out
I have that voice too... it also frets over my lack of a 401k and notices when I gain a few pounds.
Candy flower arrangements are great for any occasion. Give me a call at 608-838-8749
keep your head up man! You all made a lot of people proud!
I LOVE when plays beats in the morning on !!!
: isn't that from a Seinfeld episode?!
Sometimes in this life there is no fairness, there is only the reality that life makes no sense at all.We are all at its mercy everyday.
Hahaha yes! It's always the day before that drags on.
How is it I don't have Russ's new book?
Who all is taking #summer classes at
On-Target! Marketing &amp; Advertising Helps Small Businesses Increase SEO Ranking by Adding VOD, Meaningful Content &amp; Blogs
Garage doors are up tonight! Come in and enjoy some onion rings and our new Hemingway Daiquiri!
haha! a bird landed on my pillow!!
that is too funny lookn good i love da pix
Follow to win- One follower wins a $25 visa gift card. #freebie #contest #starbucks #win We are #WebDesign, #Development, and
Finally watched McGraw #WDYTYA. I thougth it was a great show, interesting facts the show brought out on historical events.
JFC how does that not bounce over?
#Phish tix posted on my CC. But the price indicates I didn't get the shell for all 3 shows at SPAC. Still 6 shows this summer! Can't Wait!
but its the weekend. have a blast. then get home early and make work.
Blake Griffin because I don't believe what I see on tv.
I NEED TO SEE SO BADLY we need a date mi amigaa <3 text me gurll
Santorum just conflated "Latino voters" with "illegal voters"
Everyone threw a fit bc my dad got the smallest piece of cake and it had the baby.
Some new content will be added on my site soon.
Hey daughter. :))
Have a friend of my little bro who's in the #halftimeshow dressed as a roman gladiator I hear hopefully he exposes #Madonna lip-synching
can you tell me why you're so adorable?(:
I'm guna attempt to go to sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
i wont give up on u even if the sky gets rough im giving u all my love and im still lookin up<3
I can't believe she picked Stefan wish would have done something different. Disappointed
Nice, thanks for the link. Totally onboard with his logic.
The bases for historical knowledge are not empirical facts but written texts, even if these texts masquerade in the guise of wars or rev ...
#worstfeeling WHEN UR FOOD STAMPS GET CUT OFF LOL
hey I havent talke to you in so Long we should talk more
Thank jesus for doctor notes
RT : APD tells news crews to pull back from double homicide scene because of upset neighbors; I'll be in studio with updates at 10
I WANNA HUG YOU! :( idk why, but i just do :c hope you are good :) and healthy and happy <3 miss you bby :3 have fun ALWAYS SMILE
Can somebody pray for She need it bad
lets go #NyK!
Idk y but every time I see the Metta world peace elbow I can't stop laughing
Its funny how I dress very extravagant, not afraid to bare, or express my self with fashion yet my partner dresses simple tshirt jeans creps
Lord of the Ringtones
Tri City went bad after new owners took over & raised prices, lowered quality.
Ohio Senate approves fracking rules: Supporters said the bill balances environment, public health and safety, and commerce by expandi...
I hada really good birthday! Thank you :)
sighting at Savage's!
U should totally go as yourself - party city has the stuff... Would be too funny! Then post it! ;-)
Today is a great day to cuddle up with a good book! What are you reading?
why don't you just get a job where you are paid to sleep?!?
I agree. MT : We have to move off dependence on foreign oil. The long-term solution lies in investing in alternative energy
Kobe just flew with one ankle, amazing!
hey case sister I'm now following
#PeopleNeedToStop and realize what they have before it's gone.
does he do windows?
Fuck LHS. Fuck the people here. Fuck everyone. Done. I'm about to switch to ECC.
Goals should be SMART: S = Specific M = Measurable A = Assignable (who does what) R = Realistic T = Time-Related
Just ran in circles up/down/around the library, trying to locate a USB cable for external hd. Did not find...
If you work directly with me for the next 3-6 months, Your boss will ask you FOR MONEY!!
If you ask me to hold your drink, I will drink it.
National Walking Day is Wednesday! Join & at 5th & University at noon for the Downtown Seattle walking route.
To audition, or to not audition. That is the question.
hahahahaha love it! Hello Kitty freak :)
Are the Os determined to acquire every Double-A prospect in baseball by signing Miguel Tejada every season to a 1yr contract then trade him?
my mom us always like 'OMG THEY DID TOO MUCH FLOORWORK' and I'm like YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING SHUTUP.
Oh hey, a hockey double header!!
heck yea - doin it right guys!!
You've gotta go check out The 1011 tonight. We The Granada, Pygmaeus, Ants In A Tree's last show and band from Cali. Starskate
Bitch talking to the queen when she looking like a lab rat.
RT #browns Weeden: "I've always been kind of a natural thrower. It's in my blood." -> , know what this makes him?
Thanks for all the wonderful Birthday Wishes!!!! Love you all!!!
I love you dearly, but Annie wants to do it tomorrow at 8 our time and skype for at least 2 hours!
Yep had to get my hair chopped off today .. But trying to embrace it.. Love the color & the cut .. Just gotta get used to it 8-)
Why do i have to be the one to flush all the toilets in this family?
So proud of boys basketball team at tech. Their fundraiser was great!
Could you move weather alert up or over - we can't see bball score!
Anybody who is one with what he or she does is building the new earth.~Eckhart Tolle
Have an #angrybirds band-aid on my forehead.
I love this time of year. I just took a long walk outside with my daughter. It's a beautiful night in Western NY!
If u have a dream don't be cheap about it because shit don't come for free in the life every one want money! #aboutmakingmusic&money
Dora:where are we going?WISHING WELL! where are we going?WISHING WELL! where are we going? Me: we're are going to the f****** wishing well.
What percentage of men would date a Cool, cute faced girl with an average to good body if her head was buzzed like NP in V for Vendetta?
thank you for the #SHOUTOUT :)
I need some love this morning <U+2764>
Everybody is an environmentalist, some are just more aware than others.
we can never satisfy everyone, don't let it get you down. baby yourself tonight and be extra happy tommrow at work, and see
The tighter the hug, the better it feels:)
Go Suunto! “: thanks for the rapid turnaround on my request. Didn't expect it this fast nor did I expect a new t6d!”
Miranda Lambert is one of my favorite female country artists.
Cool - well I look fwd to reading your stuff!
Flee from fake fucks
Seriously I'm losing you to this.
I miss you lacy!!! I thought about calling you yesterday to hang but I figured you were busy... :/
Louis Amundson Skills Academy! June 18-21 at Horizon HS in Thornton, CO. Basketball instruction at its best! Registration details to follow!
you're now ready for the Jeopardy category "NBA GMs"!
almost a year! Y'all aren't cruising, right?
What if you hashtagged the word "hashtag"? Would Twitter explode?
Nice RT : Trail Blazers: LaMarcus Aldridge to undergo surgery on right hip, will miss remainder of season
connefetion ???? should i do them ???
Congrats lebron you dominated the pacers...
I miss New York
indeed it's a crucial game! I wish I could go, I would be the happiest girl! :D
Thanks , those are some wonderful tips! These are especially helpful when working with Pre-K and Kindergarteners!
“A man who treats his girlfriend like a princess proves that he was raised in the arms of a queen" <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Thanks for the retweet…it is truly appreciated!
gonna go rant to a piece of paper bye
dude i have no idea what's up with it...are u trying to get on from an app or from online?
The NEW month BEGINS the MOMENT the old MONTH ENDS!! Here is to a MONSTER MAY!!
Listening to Ricky Nelson and Beatles while getting ready for sushi night with the biffles! Biffles meaning guy bff :D
sure bro pero can you take me to wal-mart? i have to pay my phone bill .. :T
I know, it really is...certainly all banks will be making the same offer soon!
Woke up in a good mood today. WTF is wrong with me?!?
#iloveagirl with the same qualities as (close to impossible)
#follow Thanks for the kind mention! Cheers.
Nothing says summer like the ice cream truck & our son's first ever drumstick!
just talked to a friend that i havent talk to in a while (: it was great talking to him
Great practice today in the rain!! See you on Tuesday...bring your battle gear!!
absolutely! add great weather and it's shaping up to be a pretty sweet weekend.
Address ALL complaints to All compliments please send to
Ran out of shampoo & had to use my brothers'. Now I smell like a dude, but at least I smell good.
LOL, you are a Goledn Girl !!!! Dorothy :)
once again was damned hilarious. great show.
that looks all dried out food
In some cruel twist of fate, while I was stuck on US time my entire stay in Paris, I am stuck on Paris time now that I'm home.
The downside to drug abuse comes down to education. Right now, the dealers are getting all the free & paid adverts! Where r u Mr President?
JUST GOT BACK FROM 24 HOUR FITNESS,,
I see mostly science, engineering, & math materials highlighted; are humanities materials being developed for OpenStax?
Ladies where do you get your hair styled in Tampa, Fl???
got the bongkiss congkiss of the blow hole ... ( meaning im sick ) in case you all thought i went nits of something like that lol
Waiting on sum pizza with ma babies
Congrats to all the 2012 Grads! Go out and grab life by the balls! lmao
thank you!
#R.I.P. Amy Winehouse
WHOOP!! SWAG I get to see My Hebrew !!
got a twitter !
We just might have to stop by ;)
Headed to the Wydham West hotel this morning to figure out our VIP party situation for !
Women get tired of being used and unappreciated. Yea, where the real men at who know how to treat a lady?
which one?
Jets and Chiefs are always so far ahead at the end of regulation that it won't matter.
Hi Ashley, Thanks for connecting. Great blog topic! If you're planning to cover nonprofits, we'd love to participate!
well I'm totally in love with
have you changed your stance on Paterno in all of this?
where are we drinking tonight ppl?
Watching footage from our archives on the flat-panel monitor at the new Merrie Way National Park Service visitor center.
Somebody talk too me. Im bored
u killed that 1+1 on your YouTube channel
"Without question" most important thing is sharing. Engagement means people are doing your job for you.
isn't following me =( I am invisible 2 them! =( RT if u feel same
*compation stupid auto correct!
thanks for the Follow recommendation.
no but I bet they would turn out good.
Do the saints have a punter on their roster?
I've been listening to sad love songs all day. Wats wrong with me?
"The depth of my struggles will determine the height of my success"
they will be! When I'm lucky, I can sometimes find those in the woods around my house. Haven't seen any this year yet.
where is there... and should we meet you there?!
I get a kick out of hearing people cut there grass on the weekend, knowing that mine is already cut!
Yep! Haha, I hope you enjoy it! I'll get one someday.
why i haven't had a girl all school year? cause most of them hoes.
you're*
Good Morning dude!
Just pulled my back chasing kids during pewee
My wife just explained to me that Angelina Jolie and J-Lo are not the same person. God, I need to work on my cultural capital.
And by good book, I mean the reading for tomorrow night's class. Let's not kid ourselves, grad students don't have time for pleasure reading
Full body massage... (rolls eyes in the back of head)
Skip is hilarious!
Becky is old school technology stupid (; RT : Sleepover with ...sorry i broke your lamp
FEED ME
yay! I can't wait.
Ah finally.
I like to swap w/pals too. ": I like to force limitations to inspire myself. Work from only my stash.
Following you back :-)
Nobody EVER says god bless you to me after i sneeze in class. EVER. For the past 4 years. Its fuckin crazy.
Betcha by golly wow - The Stylistics
I live among dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and murderers, and idolaters, and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie.
what a nice way to end the night. sleep tight everyone. xoxo.
Newt has a considerable problem with eye shift.
"Crush my fantasies of how this life is supposed to be. Dont you abandon me"
Idk which is more awkward, cutting your nipple shaving your chest or realizing that the only bandaids you have are dora the explorer ban ...
if youre in the neighborhood come to strangebrew and help me with my puzzle
RT Someone's weight loss looks more like coke addiction than diet and exercise to me.
nope, just really funny afterwards.
yea they are
RT : Do you know why I am mad becos todays podcast of first take is not available yet for download.
Asking myself: What is my edge as a leader? #CFALeadercast Thank you,
#np Chris brown sweet love
olivia gets hotter with age too!
I agree, you have to do it in moderation. You can always favorite it when you don't want to share to everyone
I'm watchin it now I get it but why does it seem like evelyn's assistant all of a sudden got balls an that's why she stepped up
Yeah it would, when else can you go? I'm sorry for this being so complicated!
Sitting here wondering what songs from my world and my world 2.0 on the
1 in 10 Americans have kidney dysfunction. Blacks are 4X more likely to experience late stage kidney dysfunction (kidney failure).
Heading back to sd now hopefully talk soon
#portfolio district "I have yet to see something that SCHOOLS should DO that government can do better." So True!
I'm smart enough to never get involved in other peoples problems. No one can ever say anything bad involving me.
: Go hug your mom!
did you see the last Parks and Rec?
Defiantly ready for lunch. I'm pretty hungry. More like starving! :o lunch today before anything! :)
you'd think I'd be used to doing things on my own by now, but I still get annoyed when I can't find anyone to do things with. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
www.InquisitiveTongue.com: Cafe Largo Indian Rocks nouveau beaujolais, steamed grouper cheeks/gamey sauce, country pate, hot pear tarte!
austin hi im carmen and im a big fan ur the best singer and super cute follow me plez thanks a love u
Virgos stand up
sorry can't we already have an obligation that night but we would normally do it. So keep us in mind
it looks like somthing
#discosperfectos find a great rehearsal studio in nyc opny.tv
I just cleaned my entire car.
Give you 5 bucks if you put the Orioles on that list.
needs a location in Austin. My favorite store & I'm nowhere near one
“: Making 1000 friends in 1 year is not a miracle, keepin 1 friend for 1000 years is :)”
Thanks! We loved having ya!
Time goes by very slow.
Nothing last forever so live for Never
Hope your having fun in Arizona(: I Love You!! <3
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives
Hungry people = less energy for activity = work is less productive, yet labor is their only asset
1 more quarter of good basketball, and were back in the series...... Lets go!!!!!
lol of course not !
Went to bed at 9:45 last night. Can you say grandma?!
Didnt think u were like that Ur fucking annoying.
thanks for the RT.
My band is playing sexy music while sexy girls dance at Cheetahs Hollywood TONIGHT!!!
#WorstBreakUpExcuses "I want to focus on school" < nevahhhhhh
Just finished first set and it came out pretty good. On to the next.
Snack machines in NYC taxis. Really?
Woot! Just got the ultimate compliment from a prof (teaching his class for first time): "I learned a lot .. and I use PubMed all the time!"
i have a boston hat on look at me im x i like hardcore music gauges and im getting tats soon.
NOW YOU KNOW HOW MY SCHOOL BATHROOMS ARE
use code tweet1 when buying your tickets and get them for only $12!
i know! wahhhh! aare you going?
@ Fantastic! Be sure to share!
RT : when you do, please let me know. Would love to meet you and have you sign my book!>>>With honor, sir!
Thanks, Noah, we got the word out.
Okay... How many Cardassians does it take to screw in a light bulb? What?! Kardashians? There aren't any Kardashians in
looks like you'll stay hungry til they play again on Thursday.
Everyone has the one person from work that wasn't invited to happy hour but comes anyway. Be nice, order them the Tag-a-Long cocktail.
#kyste2012 what if every classroom everyday incorporated one thing you learned today. The power of implementation.
Nice relaxing win for the #Badgers, good start for the tourney.
yes. I'm close to declaring it dead to me.
It is lol
Re-re-reading Mrs. Dalloway, one of my faves since high school English. Now preparing to present on it for a modernist arch. class. Excited!
Since starting my healthier living life I am proud to say 17 pounds of me have disappeared since the beginning of 2012. <U+E404>
apologizes, sort of, for anti-Romney tweet rant. Now, if she'll just say she's sorry for "Halfbreed," we'll call it square.
We were going to start our half-training today, but it was raining. So, in keeping with our lameness, we put it off till tomorrow. ;-)
We're keeping the celebration rolling in the New Year. Stop in tomorrow, order a mimosa and your second is on us when you show this tweet!
#OneTreeHill is on right now!! Yippee!! :) such a pleasant surprise to find out just a few hours ago that it's premiering tonight!!
#getschman Not sure about the last joke--make other places secular?
at home chillin after a nice workout
okay one movie starts 7:50? and are we seeing it in 3D?
just joined Mercury. Expecting a shirtless Greek God to arrive in my lap every Tuesday. Glad you're up for the challenge.
Thanks for the RT! No better time than dawn in city!
Went to sleep wit a afro and woke up wit a box smh
When someone sends you the wrong text message and it's just awkward for both of you
& what's worse, the twitition has raised public awareness of him & his stupid ideas 10 fold.
RT hey my site is up! Check it out. is awesome. www.amylaurel.com HUGS
Congrats! RT : The Indy Star released 2011 Super Team today. Sheldon Day DT from Warren Central was named Player Of The Year.
Josh's U5 team has scored two beautiful goals. Both in our net.
why yes I did!!!! Do a lil dance
Yes, we can do gluten free. If you want something fried (like wings) please allow extra time, as we have to do them on the...
*exhale* Glad to read it.
%15 off all P.F. Chang's meals today to celebrate Tax Day? Gee whiz thats swell
seeing Monsieur Lazhar.
Jury is still out? Jeff is sad :(
ikr. how old are u now?
So did you get laughs?
That was fantastic. Made my night.
Eleven (11) days until the annual celebration of NASCAR Day! Let me know if you need a limited edition, collectible 2012 NASCAR Day pin! :)
Nothing to be ashamed of. I am still to chicken to go.
Smart idea, bring the heavenly scent into the house!
I need a good old fashioned patron to fund this dream of mine...or this crappy serving job.
dont be upset their lives is more INTERESTING then your!!! PUSSY!!
#BuckeyeNation is hoping will soon become a Buckeye!
- thinking about you!!! Sending lots of love and prayers!!! Xo
Wishing a Wonderful and Merry Christmas to all. God Bless and Be Safe. Kevin Stallworth - Granda Jethro
The so-called experts in the Astronomical Society of the Pacific are closed-minded dogmatists.
After my first trial ended in a mistrial, a new trial was set for May but it had to be pushed back because of rumors of jury tampering..
It's National Walking Day! If you're downtown, join us and local sponsor at the World Trade Center Plaza at noon today...
If you need me, take a four lane headed my way.<3
That is what #MarchMadness is all about.
I Have Not One Clue For Who You Are. I Don't Even Remember you.
don't do it Nibbles. I was gonna join the air force, then the marines then the national guard. But it's fucking stupid
What up Orlando Lock Up (or shut up) Free
Yeah I know:/.I miss you guys so much ! Yeah I miss those days when Laura didn't care what I did.
Tayler Lofquist () Everything tasted great- my only regret was that it stopped at two plates! ;-)
Ha. RT : did you hear the joke about the floor? nevermind, its beneath you. (my kindergartner's fav).
I've only read gwtdt but r u talking bout the Swedish films or American version of gwtdt because that was amazing
no guy is worth losing my best guy friend over!
a bra somebody just told me we shud do something togather
LeBron deserves a B-
lol its okay
I think thats when teachers go back and we go back on the regular day.
Bloomberg Sports predicts that John Mayberry will finish with 18 HR's and 65 RBI this season. I predict that they are way off.
I can puke right now that's how bad my headache is fml
The payphone that worked a month ago at St. Charles&Julia no longer works.Why does this bother me?
Don't compare ur life to others, You have no idea what their journey is about.
I totally agree!
OMG you made me laugh.. But wait.. it gets even worse..
RT : These cats are always into something! $$$$ << thanks for the mention!!
I am working on designing a new mobile ap for Hope to have it done before Black Friday hits.
thanks for following me!! I followed back
thank u sista
Damn it...did it again. Stayed up drooling over other people's home interior. I'm obsessed.
I believe you are a coward. I will NRVER do business with you and I promise I will do everything I can to discourage anyone
And let #NFLmadness begin!!
Ink cartridges taking up space in your house or office? #Donate them to BASE Camp!!
duh! Freedom unifies people. Winning Dems is how Reagan won
Good looking article on :)
Awkward moment when a fan picks his nose and notices we're all watching. Any movement inside the rim is a pick.
": Followed . [: Follow Back ? :3" i already followed u :-)
Our pleasure! Thank You for the order.
It's another beautiful day! I'm sure it will bring lots of good things with it :) Happy Thursday
#Leverage Everybody have fun!
Early bird gets the worm. Nola, I'm coming for you!
We do not just want density. Greenways. Parks. Bike-ped trails.
My dad said he's taking me shopping this weekend (':
all kinds but london fruit is my best seller by far.
True Born Records w
sorry we are going to miss the show. Had no idea it was at 6 sunday. Had a babysitter and everything...
like Hulk Hogan? #noalimony4u! :-)
some great #networking this afternoon at #NYTechDay!
90% of all text messages are read within the first 3 minutes of being received
Gearing up for the Passenger Vessel show in Portland, OR at the Portland Hilton!
um someone suggest a live chat site i can go to!?
We can pretend to be twins and fuck each other.
Lovin Kauai with the kids!
You're coming to Tulsa?! I will see you at Toby Keith’s, sir.
haha I'm cool how about you?
well isn't everyone going to the city?
R.I.P whitneyy . you will be missed . thiss was aah sadd funeral and im qlad her home qoin went like it did R.I.P
Your flaws make you perfect.
The weather is looking great this week Memphis! Let's keep the murders to a minimum and have a great week. :)
lol its okay I like favoring your tweets (:
big things in the works
