I'm so lucky to have such supportive family.
Welcome to twitter-world!
#childhoodmemories making barbies get into fights.
was hooked on Grimspace by the first minute of the audiobook.
You ask someone for content review on collateral. They add their (unsolicited and style-breaking) design commentary. How do you respond?
I hate when we dont get along.
Fucking listening to Death Cab for Cutie and getting fucking depressed...
That was my first answer, too :-)
thanks, hope ya have a great day.
#LetsGoGiants! Eli Manning!
Indonesia keeps US beef ban amid mad cow fears
Thanks, Nicole! And thank you for your wisdom and guidance.
we will be
Don't forget! We're doing a live webcast this Saturday night (technically Sunday morning) at 12 A.M. EST on PatCast TV!
I once slept from ten pm to 3pm the next day.
My friends want me 2 go out but I just want 2 catch them z's
#mc220 let's talk about Dexter!
Tornadoes to the north and south. Hardly got a drop of rain here in fhills.
Thanks for the RTs
I totally agree. You are old.
Holy cow! The 2nd Annual Backroads Brewrey Bus Tour is tomorrow. That really came up quick. A few spots are left so buy some tickets!
Sheet yeah good stuf y'all can't wait to tear it up wit' da POSSE!!!
He alright after that closet falling on him or did you have to take him to the hospital?
Wow what a great work out and practice!!! 3 HOTS and 6 dances in only 3 practices... The CCD's ROCK!! :-)
Holy shit, I have time to pleasure read!
I hope it's ! RT : Alright West Coast – Who do you think gets fired tonight? A new #CelebApprentice starts NOW!
@ pshhhhh. Wish I could!
Equal Vision!!!!!!
In Spanish I had to give out my number then my teacher put it on the board for everyone to see so now everyone is calling me! Get q life!
I make homes that inspire, what do you do?
Have been wondering if I should create a Wordpress or Blogger back end for Maybe this is reason?
My New Young Chick Look Exactly Like Rihanna....Ass Like Nicki.... But She Yellow Like Madonna....
I haven't had pop in over a month - and diet for longer than that. Blech.
Welcome to the world of Apple enthusiasts, !
it honestly upsets me you fell behind on #Revenge. Pull.It.Together.Boyd.
My thoughts exactly. Wore the Nealer one last week and that didn't end well.... Not that I'm superstitious at all...
thanks for the follow & Pls also check us out
thanks for stepping into the forums for me. I'm always appreciative of your help.
Thing is, O'Malley would win a 3rd term. Which tells you how goofy our politics are here.
finally Nate Diaz will be taken seriously. gifted fighter. Can't wait to see him take on Henderson or Edgar.
We hope that all emerging artists following us takes advantage of the opportunity we give. Please visit www.theadamouski.blogspot.com
I CANT BE TAMED
Major performance boost for Upgrade Soul after tweaking shaders... nice start to the day!
I need a pair of beats too
Dear San Diego, you just received a good free agent software developer... who needs work done?!
Thanks for the follow!
Hearing little noises when it's dark as shit and you walking alone DOWNTOWN. Wondering, *have i ever seen This place, this empty*
"You may delay, but time will not." ~Benjamin Franklin
#ifiwas50yearsyounger I would still be flexin
Quit smoking 3 days ago
last run in Winston. Glad to PR #anywhere5k I just finished a 3.13 mi run with a pace of 7'11"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Lets get drunk
So memory foam was invented by NASA. If it can help people sleep in zero gravity, surely it can help me, right?
today is a wild day in my emotions. Fine, then sobbing. Laughing. My friend's funeral is on my birthday Saturday. cruel irony..
Will do. Was just thinking of you - just got a reprint of an 1878 moon chart (Lohrmann). & great to see you!
Great! We love candy! RT : Sally gives out the best candy at parades!!!
2006. Not old enough for a new engine.
: 2 hours left. These kids are on cotton candy highs.
Using the down time during roving reference provides the perfect opportunity to get caught up with old listserv emails #somanyofthem!
Thank ya, friend. Will do!!! :)
#idRatherHave a dog with its vocals taken out than your attitude
you have been right all along. Rogers is a special player and person. The guy is such a leader for all of us fans. Thanks
French press coffee plus a T. of peanut butter spread on a banana equals great start to a beautiful day? What did you have for breakfast?
Are the shuttles running today?
RT: Surprise dinner for sister, happy birthday that we have been celebrating for 2 weeks. - LOL
Stoked to see tonight!
It's Thursday, which means the weekend is right around the corner! What are your plans?!
How hot are you? Omaha at 115 degree heat index.
If you love America, show it by buying American made products! Singing Stone Art, Jewelry and gifts are hand-made in the USA.
Wieters just missed his second homerun of the night by about 3ft.
you are so gorgeous!!!! Loved u on Stern!
I'm picking the Beast guy, not the sarcastic fellow with flowing locks
Let's see how long until you unfriend me... 5...4...3..2...
he's becoming to Americanized
Looking for a great summer theater or sports program? Look no further than our #TeenLifeLIVE NYC sponsor Vassar College...
ive had my x1s for over two years now
RT : Thinking of Trayvon Martin's mother today; Emmett Till's mother. Sean Bell's mother. Amadou Diallo's mother...
you are so sweet!! I think people should follow You!!!! #SouthernGhosts xoxo
Work made new mad at myself but its all goods hanging out with best friends.
My homie Jasmine is ready to Drill.
I wan a snack wish I was at home so I can just reach under my pillow
your blog is AWESOME! Have a great story to help you with. Can you DM us?
cut it giiiirrrrlll(;
hey man. Thanks 4 the s/o.
Pres "No one built this country on their own...we're great, because we got each others' back" #SOTU -- words to live by Bmore.
You're not really a full-service sporting goods store if you don't sell fishing licenses.
Boss RT : Getting interviewed by an then tweeting with multiple ambassadors sums up a pretty cool day
it was but at the end it was just nasty lol
Life aint nothin but muscles and money
what's with you and your hair tweets? ;P
Oh, huh, who knew? Are you union?
Yes I will be present on the first day of school and graduation... But the days in between no promises.
Let me know if you need someone to bounce ideas off of. Check out the Call for Content & last year's program. Happy to help.
Laughter is always the best medicine... unless you have diarrhea.
My CELTICS are struggling this year, we better get it together for the playoffs
Hired by concussion police RT : last year when player got hurt, lockout-caused-inj police rushed to scene? Where did they go?
they tell me only you can make an impossible dream possible
Properly trained, a man can be dog's best friend. ~Corey Ford
Fuck yeah, let's go see the Avengers. Maybe a Giants game as well? Athletics aren't in town until next week.
There is no end. There is no beginning. There is only the infinite passion of life. -Frederico Fellini
Bored and watching Netfilx
Who is Ali
Sorry, I forgot the link the first tweet. Thanks for sharing it!
replying! beep beep :D
"To write about this city is in some essential way to create it." -Janet Fitch (who will be at #LitFest this Sat.) in
I only have 25 days to figure out my life...
That sounds like a blast! Im in. :) Things are going good here. I hope life is treating you fantastic as well.
welcome Jenny
Getting my hair done today, WAY over due. Time for some pampering and beautifying. :)
Worley with the literal quality start. The 6 IP 3 ER game comprises a small % of total QS's in a season.
thanks for the mention Krista!
Out in this sun, im loving it ;)
I hope today is a good day! I'm feeling kind of sick though :( x
Great debrief meeting w. producers & Lowel. Missed you Could not have asked for a better group!
HAHAHAHA!! I think you should go as smurfs as a family.
...so the issue of serious nonfiction is also a trad. publishing one...
is fried right about now. Watching do their laps
Oh. I would've never guessed. :)
I'm really easy to get along with once people learn to worship me.
Join us on FB to find out what they are
My Pantry - Literally I'm at Sendik's Food Market (8616 W North Ave, at 86th St, Wauwatosa) w/ 2 others 4sq.com/xlWCRZ
Congrats to on the impressive win. Good luck the rest of the year!
Are there any animals that clap their hands? (and I mean really clap their hands, not some pansy quasi-clapping)
Still thinking about Saturday's dinner fun bartender, sublime pork belly entree, amazing beef tongue. That's right, I ate tongue.
Its goin down at saga right now everybody meet me there and cOme get throwed wot cha boi
The steel is so cold
WEB NEWS: IM Creator Giveaway
I mean this family so fucking nosey. If I let your business be your business, why can't you let mine be mine? #YouWon'tHearFromMe
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Tim Young
Sondheim Unscripted tonight at the Odyssey Theater. 8pm.
How does a woman show she's planning for the future? Plastic Surgery.
RT At 11:59 PM Cinderella should've said to the Prince, "I bet you a million bucks I can turn that carriage into a pumpkin."
Thanks! RT : Check out !! I love their music and they're a great musical influence on me.
... sun rising while your moaning
Good morning to all... Looks like a busy day, let's do this...
Lmfao more like
Hey dude, what happened to your Alphabet Soup column on PWTorch? I really enjoyed it!
omfg lucky! doing some palm tree nails lol. pretty boring.
i'd love to hear some - "So Many Girls"
Just got schooled on how to create halftones in Photoshop.
thanks for the #FF love. xoxo Ben Stock of Brainpower
Libros Schmibros reopens today in Boyle Heights at noon! Stop by this week, Wednesday to Saturday, noon - 6PM and check us out!
All the time, love to read!
A pretzel sounds really good right now, yummy!
The worlds most ruthless
It's cold af outside
A RomCom?? LoL you are definitely a newlywed!
What's that Alex Gaskarth quote where he says like be yourself because blah blah blah?
The more I learn about space science, the more impressed I am. Thanks
glad u liked it. We shot the film w no budget, so thats why we didn't visit places other than the US. Maybe in VF 2!!
#NP: #LloydBanks #AnyGirl ft #Lloyd I listen to this song everytime I wear a suit or dress up or anytime i look in the mirror lmao
Mer-Merrrrrrp. I die instantly. It's the weekend. POWER RAGERS UNITE.
lol I guess it's uncle lennies daughter and man that sucks.
yes sir! I gotta get home first lol
Damn comic sans, you chase my in my nightmares.
Foods I hated as a kid but love now would probably be spinach, and pretty much anything whole wheat...
heart breaking.... The prayers of our whole nation are with them all...
Thanks for re-tweeting!
YEAAAAHHH!!! Nice recovery #chiefs!
#LAWellers are living my dreams.. 1-To live in California.. and 2-To get to hang out with Wellington. I wish I lived in LA<3
is now following me, luvs it when cool ppl follow back, #FF tweeties!
I. Love. Alex. Morgan.
"Hannah, if you don't follow me I'm gonna crawl across the room and pinch your butt!" (As she holds her pillow pet)
The electricity was off for most of the evening. >_<
I just talked shit about you. But really I love you. It's the love-hate thing, brah
Thank you! RT hilarious blog!
Okay, AP tests are over. Time to get back to tweeting!
RFT “: seriously if you dont like A$AP go home !”
Nope. Noah is though.
I am starving.
Happy Friday!!!
#lifewouldbebetter if I didn't have to wake up at 630 every morning!
says IBM uses #gamification for training, demand gen and more.
good luck tomorrow my dude what time does it start
The soul is born old but grows young. That is the comedy of life.
RT : Please tune into Good Morning America tomorrow morn for a retrospective look back at SAG Awards! Thanks !
Diggin' the new jam, man. Let's get together soon. I finally got an iPhone and lost all my contacts in the process. DM me.
#lamarathon participants: got big pigging out plans for after the race? -lisa
he still.. Well I think he just tries to make me jealous, but oh well.
we're so glad you enjoyed them. Congrats on graduating from law school -- what an accomplishment!
I am going to a counseler and I am going to get some help. I need to know how to fix my situations. I am starting to be a young adult...
Can't remember...do you watch Game of Thrones? Because you should!
You are most welcome! Have a great weekend!
He killed 80 people in 2 days Thor: He's adopted
Beyonce is the only woman I'd go gay for
Idk why I didn't think to tweet while I was waiting. It's helping the time go by quicker
ironic since Sierra Club disliked in KY almost as much as Obama. Why? coal. UK mbb players live in "coal lodge"
To bowl so if she really doesn't WANT to she doesn't have to
good luck and maybe some of those kiddos will be future UMKC students!
Children are likely to live up to what you believe of them
RT : Scripture says :: God gives perfect peace, to those whose mind is STAYED on Him, because your trust is in God
Horribly neglecting this twitter feed cuz I've been into my new site but welcome to Twin Cities #aam2012 Go see Art-in-Bloom!!
what time is her party
Tami didnt u file a law suit against Evelyn wen she had a shirts? Now u talking shit
i hate when that happens.
watchin how to dress when seeing mindlless bhavior by she is hilarius.subscribe to her youtube channel
If I played for the Ravens I'd be tempted to change my name to Avon Barksdale.
So I just checked, and yep, still hate Android phones.
LOL I try to tell'em Pianca! The ones who go to fast won't listen!
Job offer from HondaJet today! Time to make a decision...
One month from now I'll be in San Francisco!!
M, the power of Scotch. RT : Man, Miguel Cabrera... Is so good.
thanks for a great lunch and for the Twitter tutorial! We'll have you come here to spread the gospel sometime. Best to u and Kyle
Ripping your eyeball out and mailing it to Helen Keller
I cant right now cuz im on a follow limit but ill try when I can (: (:
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 328
Nearly had a breakdown when they told me there was no more spicy ketchup.
I agree. Waiting area has a metal detector. Pt.floors are secure. Lobby is vulnerable.
I read that as Chuck Barris and was disappointed to not see The Gong Show set in the pic.
never fails to surprise us! Check out some of her wild style in today's post!: bit.ly/mSvmh6
Thank GOD its Friday! WOOT WOOT
Love who you are, there is nobody like you who can do the things you do in the way that you do them.
I want to punch you in the face dude. I hope you know you made me feel stupid for ever helping you. And I won't help again.
I get to see tomorrow!
Mike Mayock on Dont'a Hightower "There is a certain demographic to be a Baltimore Raven and that cat fits it"
Baby, you've been driving me crazy
Weekly Ketchup: Ben Kingsley Cast as Iron Man 3 Villain This Week's Ketchup includes movies a movie about the making of Mary Poppins , a
First I have to announce my MANCRUSH for skip bayless! He is awesome! but 4* Rings! Go Tom Brady!
Or the Bengals RT : This kind of performance will not cut it against the 49ers
Island Night The Anchor Bar.. Come in for $3 Coronas and $4.50 Margaritas!!!
drinking. drinking. DRINKING!
Hoping you have a great birthday! ;-)
She say I'm cocky I say that's not me she call me papi I say ven aqui
Or for anyone. ;)
DUDE. guess what.
Damn I like watching The #RegularShow on Cartoon network too tho. They're soo weird & funny
Hell yeah ! RT : gold room leggggooooo!!!!!
Juss me & my rod up
of course!
RT : "I WILL b a polished diamond!" Say to urself/ ur family/2 friends/spouse/boss! Let ur world know what's comin n 2012!
RT : "Why is it always the B string?!" #itsamusicianthing #TTXTues <-so true :)
take you down by chris brown
The director !
Cant wait for the Yanks to start. I enjoy the great work you do. You are very versatile as a play by play and radio host
How interesting is it really tho? The Celts had 5 fouls as a TEAM in a game 7...
If you don't alter, reality in the end forces that change upon you.
Join us at 10 AM for our Creative Arts and Healthcare: "Developing a Passion for Nursing Through the Power of the Creative Arts"
follow me on skypeeeeee i added you like the day u tweeted it still #pendingrequest :(
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. ~ Albert Einstein
#EveryoneHasThatOneFamilyMember whos like CNN and knows the cover story in all the gossip
That's awesome, thanks a lot! I think it's really cool when someone other than my Mom says they like it.
I love you so much! Look for my poster that says Long Live the Swifties it is neon and has lights on it!
Have fun out there!
so impressed. Take a nap :)
"A person cannot survive on bread alone" my late grandmother.
I checked my phone & my cat put her paw against the screen. Must be too bright for her. Silly kitty. :)
CAN YOU DIG IT!!!!!! CHECK OUT Gimme One: via
Have you ever seen a person with no eye brows its uglah
Seems like that dude is the ONLY one talking like he has sense about basketball.
i was thinking if my mom would pick u up but i don't want her to miss my graduation :/
Why an I driving windows down SR open jamming Katy Perry??? LOL
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I dropped out
EveryDay,I had Surprise.{}
Wait, I thought hated Minneapolis? It'd be better if they were opening for 4 On The Floor.
Oh shit. My birthday. I actually care
Whew. Survived teaching Tender Button. Never know if people will throw things at me when I first walk in.
I shall pimp thee. RT : Officially #unemployed. Now what to do with my life...
Hahaha, I know. ;p
IDC If Camilla Is About That Life I DON'T LIKE HER !
Dwight Howard's agent says that D12 will have season-ending back surgery in Los Angeles on Friday....
Sounds like the ancient version of can't make an omelette without breaking eggs!
Hey guys just putting up casting notices
poemas on the home page of purevolume! you can check them out at purevolume.com/poema!!!! :)
Has to be major cross-over of same people!
it is now.
Aloe Vera King.
Getting ready to shoot!
#QuestionOfTheDay: What is your favorite cartoon character?
Old news of Pat Robertson being a terrible person is old.
This is the lineup and type of look we want...
The "send" button can be a wicked thing.. #do's & #don'ts
My dad's going to be so surprised when he opens his birthday present! <U+E404>
JIM JORDAN PHOTOGRAPHY Hey, what's up JJ? Howz life treating you?
Unfortunately I'm working all day at a hospital, where clothing (and teeth) are also optional
outstanding I will see u there w a in hand
I know from hoot fest, to port A
RT : If 1 advances confidently in direction of his dreams & endeavors 2live the life he's imagined, he'll meet w/success (Thoreau)
"We Rushers Love Our Boy
This wifi right now... No.
omg imma have to get up so early in the morning im going to a graduation woot! and then a party imma be tired!!!!
very nice bestie!
Tyranny of the majority is real, isn't a talking point, and is why we don't vote on civil rights.
#never I use AM and PM, or in case of Napoleon-level chapping. Dr P is my steady for all other cases.
It Feels so good to be a Senior. Counting down the days. My mind already checked out. #gradbashonfriday #Seniors2012 .
ah, a classic for sure!
We agree! Let us know what else you'd like to hear on State Street.
I love airplane Wi-Fi. So are you an aisle seat or window seat kinda person?
thanks. Everyone likes to see their name in... steel?
I ain't no front-runnin' punk
Weekend of research :)
Yummy! Hazelnut's my favorite flave! You're a lucky gal ;)
is playing at Ultra Lounge in Chicago #LoganSquare tonight. For details check out www.mpshows.com
how to cite interactive animated widgets? #citabledataset demo being done by at
Just bought a homeless guy a Subway footlong. I'll feed somebody before I just give them money.
Hey you, go read something. Yes, you.
Nothing is either good or bad but thinking makes it so. -Shakespeare
RT : Nancy Grace's voice makes us die faster. [Hahahaha]
me too man it seems like something made up but NO IT REALLY HAPPENED
Playing NBA 2K12 with my husband!!! I'm killing him lol
is working on some new songs.
had a good night!!
At the Walk for Autism event in Pasadena,CA this morning! What a beautiful day for a great cause! Join me at the Rose Bowl!
The Spurs are without question the most under appreciated team in all of professional sports.
I love that 30 seconds in the morning just after grabbing my coffee when I feel like I can do ANYTHING!
OMG! Boom it went.
Check out discussing his amazing childrens book on tomorrow at 1pm.
starbucks will keep me from going to ihop and getting completely distracted....I think. although the hankerin for hashbrowns is real today.
that is a deceitful muffin, of course.
#Scion puts 4 seats into a tiny car and calls it iQ. Do you really want folks with such a small IQ on a highway?
i put my heart in everything i do.
I hate when peeps act like they all mad at you when they was the one that got messed up drivin skillz
Brad, Eres un amor! Love the pic & you look good <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Dave Mathews Band sounds like a scratched CD of square dance music where the caller is a clucking chicken.
invite me please!
Album of the day: The Big Roar by The Joy Formidable.
When did we become this society of "hate each other" or "make the other person feel bad"
nah, come to the bay hoe
I'm sorry if I offended you by pointing out that you're stupid but you should stop being stupid.
Big congrats to and the team on another Sports Emmy. Well deserved!
I'm going to the Freedom party... in NYC!! have fun tnt!!
don't be in there fighting !!!
I just finished a 7.41 mi run with a time of 1:28:15 with Nike+ GPS.
Loving Cali and spending time with my hubby!
This game....
I am thankful to be working this week. Looking forward to a strong 2012.
iDO THE SHiT HALF OF YOU BiTCHES WiSH YOU COULD DO
Congratulations to & on their new #UX #DCjobs at ! & his team got some real #DCtech talent.
SAT in DC 21+ FREE till 11 @ TEATRO 1909 K St. NW email w/ FULL NAME & Teatro as Subject
Poop on Favre says Mr Roger's
RT : I tried to tell you all when this first went down. Ryan is a man of character and represents the game very well.
#dhtrial lawyers say three days is typical before considering jury as hung. Today will be a short day. Nic is freindly in the hall as usual.
I'm the pickiest of the picky eaters out there, you have no idea how plain I am every day.
Getting ready! Tonight's gonna be a great night<333 #Excited!
Awesome preso by at #uxsconf: The Mobile Frontier. The Great Mobile Rush has begun!
Twitter after dark
You know you're a nerdy family when you need a router for a hotel room. And 7 devices are connected.
Planning a meet up with and !
Project Hexapod's Stompy is a giant, passenger-carrying robot - Recombu
By being sober, I have witnessed the entire dorm floor implode upon itself in one day...only for Lil 5. What a nightmare
have fun ;p
Dozens of new hacking lawsuits for News Corp. So when is this empire of yellow journalist going to fall already?
I hope you're talking about yourself, cause ur perf:*
Ok I just said it I hope it goes well :/ I am so nervous..
As long as you didn't mean Kiss was 'punk' in the Zero Boys sort of way.
DJ Kiss borrowed gloves for a photo shoot. She is the best DJ in NY
#leadership isn't about what you accomplish. It's about what the people around you accomplish, often after you leave.
i figure some people just really like easter lilies and poinsettias.
I have done the kisses but never the bars. The bars my friend bought said processed with peanuts and tree nuts.
Would love 2 c #ios6 include option 2 send songs 2 contacts via #imessage with the option to purchase the song via #itunes link.
I'M SO FREAKING HAPPY.
so far it is
#YouGePointsIf you're a good baseball player. Like, 10,000 points...
Imprenta Communications tearing it up at the #Pollies12! I've counted at least 7 Pollies so far. Congrats to Ron Wong and crew.
good night!!!
How's you guys ?
Another nice one. I've begun to get responses to my post of yesterday...
YA WE JUST MADE DA PLANZ YESTERDAY
how is it? I'm a fig fan of the Ass Clown Coffee so far
There's a commercial for diapers where a bunch of animated kids see who can shit their pants the most and are given a 1-10 rating.
Look for THB's candidate profiles in the Sunday print edition.
u r a wierdo
After the game, free highlighters for everyone!!!!!!
MySQL Now Has Two User Conferences
God morning :)
“: #Leo is self-centered but protective of those they care about.”
THIRSTY Thursdays!!!!!!!! Get your drank on =]
A visit to the Outer Banks seems less appealing after tonight.
Stay optimistic there's one w/ y'all name on it.
If you want me to, I will.
Just a phisher, I've now learned. Not the stalker.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY VINNYY!!! have fun :)
what I really want Is a 135mm. IT'S EXPENSIVE. YET SO BEAUTIFUL.
Warren Beatty~ Youve achieved success in your field when you dont know whether what youre doing is work or play.
Respect who you are and do not be afraid to show the world what you can do.
Hey everyone!
The wife is under the weather so I think I will throw some food on in a couple of minutes.
It might be a postural problem. Or do you have fluffy pillows that make your neck comfortable. :-) Try some small pillows.
its great! Get paid and watch the clips. Cant beat it
heck yes!! I'll totally need a homework break later! Today is BEA-utiful.
DailyHookahTips#74: To mix shisha flavors together, throw all the shisha in a bowl, cut it with scissors, and warm to room temperature.
Happy Monday! Shout out to all January Babies!
Levon wears his war wound like a crown...
Thanks for the RT!
I just want to be happy
It was excellent! I love the direction you're taking that study.
That's cool! Maybe I should try that!
So the #Raiders have Matt Leinart and Terrelle Pryor as potential backups for Carson Palmer? Yikes.
In need of Mulah! “: Why does work al week long?”
YANKEES WIN THAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA YANKEES WIN
I got a question would u go out with me
Okc just plays harder.
*Waves hands excitedly* RT : Tamron Hall/Olivia Pope fan club. Who's in?
Love you Con
I remember my first beer
Work was a nightmare. Someone keep me company
I'm so irritated with you and you don't have the slightest clue.
Thanks, I'll check!
The Color Purple
nope cussing is cussing noexcuses;)
yes she has and too fast but thanks hun :)
it doesn't matter what neighbors say abt GZ. What matters is what happened that night. And those tons of times Z called 911 may b a factor
I have decided, unequivocably, that I do not like "Beth/Rest," mostly because no one needs 80's soft rock to return to prominence.
Busiest travel day of the year? Yeah right! Made it to our VA rendezvous in record time. Zero traffic whatsoever!
#WeWontWork if you're not willing to keep me happy
yea... I am sure this guy has a real dope cheerleading competition to go to!!!
Halcomb running into a chair
Does anyone really like macarons? They're basically the Ding Dongs of French pâtisserie.
Oh lawd I Just fainted. ORDERING RIGHT MEOW! CC
I thought there was some trembling.. but it might of been in my head ;)
yeah exactly. Daniel who right. Lol
5360 texts in less than 2 weeks .. Thank god my mom got unlimited
One crazy opening
:( feel better.
Big brains big websites
nope chuck testa!
Honestly, highlight of the day: the Library of Congress just sent me an email with a smiley face in it :)
Some People Get On My Nerves .
Or caught a harvest moon in Kansas, they'd understand why god made those fly over states.
thanks, Sharon!
If our country had a child limit history haz shown us we wud virtually have no BlackLeaderzOrFamousAthletez' StrongBlackMomas
morning - how is the day going?
External Resources is currently attending the Central Valley Economic Recovery Focus Group Luncheon. We value all attendees input....
RT ": #HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork < i should receive an honorary PhD from "ball so hard university" in this discipline."
Can't wait to play Diablo I. Going to try the free guest pass tonight & see ifs been worth the wait. Longest wait for a sequel video game.
lookin' on here. ugh.. she made a twitter & followed me..
Presentation for tomorrow is almost done and its only 4:19pm! To yoga or to #occupy? = Mental health or civic duty?
Take note , u should be playing
That awkward moment when your just jammin out and you start singing really loud and don't realize it !
- haha. I always wondered why people do that. #Really?
Membership Drive was very successful, volunteers visited 86 fellow Legionnaire's homes and received 8 renewals.
I got a filling out application buddy :)
Thank you :) lol
Have a wonderful time Ally and Ryan! Say Hi to your Dad and Mom for me. Enjoy...
“ “ Hate when females only like a sports team because they find a player attractive.””
Oh one more follow to 700! Yayy! :)
I hope you have a great day!!
Hey Bugs, if yer passin' through Albuquerque you oughtta try that blue meth. Shit'll fuck you up so bad you won't know which way to turn!
uh yea...let's not do that again -__- so not American
Just another morning when I can't sleep. I like to think it's because I'm excited about life. Life! I'm awake!
Thanks for following Z.
looks like you got the night off!
Stagazers on flickr: check out the Astrometry pool to see robot-tagged images of the stars, courtesy of David Hogg.
renting you're better off just looking online, don't waste money by going through a third party...
Best feeling in the world is know "HE'S" by myside . <3
I Love How These Mufuckas Just Stand On The Block All Day N Talk Bout Ppl. Get A Fawkin Job Then U Can Talk Some Shit Broke Basic Bitch.
Finally got a much overdue car wash. Car looks much better sans a layer of pollen on it. We'll see how long it lasts.
#vsa2011 great posters TIGHT space!
okay lemme find my cameraa :p
Annual contest putting out a stream of real and fake stories and guessing which is which?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> I love you hun and miss you <U+2764>
When 2/6 books you return have coffee stains on the edge, I no longer believe you when you say "they were like that when I checked them out"
My reductive age is 53 what is yours????
the real truth is we met wilde in africa with a bunch of waterbuffalo, well, noah we found in prison. And killa is my child :-)
chillin and a killin watching #glee at butlins :) missing home tbh, and :) and im ssooooo ill and tireeeddd! Love you:')
": Andrew Bynum got fined by the Lakers. Kobe should take him to a secluded Colorado hotel and show him who is boss."
At work... Gonna be a very long night! Hoping I don't have to do these 24 hrs!
Well.. Now I've gotta find another cutest couple award...
The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and know that it wont always comeback
"Do you know how many bones are in the hand?" - Tony LaRussa
I for one, am extremely jealous.
hey brotha not much thanks for the follow! Lol how'd you find my FP?
Things are getting weird. Just sayin'.
appears you're a Peggy fanatic, and a fanatic is always concealing a secret doubt.
purchased the Samsung Galaxy S II last month, yesterday purchased the Samsung Galaxy Note. Same phones, one just bigger. Waste of $ oh well!
What #tedxhuntsville and #TED help me with is not just to think, or think differently, but to think for myself
When boys cuddle with you>>>
Thanks for the shout out Dave! The clothes looked great. Enjoy!
okay he did!
Wow. We're about to get a station wagon.
I'm sorry we're not the goody two shoes,perfect children you guys are used to,but we're still gifted and you should treat us so.
Wow. I love that word.
My rose tatt, is my rosa de guadalupe. <3
Still learning this Twitter stuff.
Looking forward to being with our Holy Father, Pope Benedict, who just arrived in Spain!
that's alot of cash to spend for a one off on only GD. #welldone haha
#WalkingDead was amazing tonight! I knew Shane was a walker!!
That does sound pretty damn good.
Had a nice trip to Chicago. Great flights both ways (thx Delta/Mesaba). Oatmeal and tea for bfast. Off to 1st day of work in 60 minutes.
Breaking News: Mother's Day has been extended through today!
Hot Carl.
Welcome to the Cowboys Family. Go get set the NFL on FIRE!!!!
that's not very nice of them 2 pick on a Weshie! Could be that you aren't 25 like me (yeesh I am old). You get a break at 25...
No Doubt Fam!
Lol..Chewy playin on my foot like a teeter totter nd gon say "mama like a playground" idk how dis gurl b comin up wit dis stuff..
In the ModoLabs Kurogo Framework training session on Webex. Nice to be working on the couch today!
RT : RT : Doc Searls up at #Telco2. "Business should learn free customers are more valuable than captive ones"
Maybe a happy ending doesn't include a guy. Maybe it's you, on your own, picking up the pieces & starting over.
its all yours! lol. I liked it too :) It was a pleasure meeting you.
Why Pay-Per-Click Ads Are Wasting Your Money
#houston How Does Small Business Power the US Economy? ...
I don't usually complain about the weather because it is pointless, but this sucks.
Headphones playing Mac, laying on a hammock with my dog
Thank you! Hope you're having an awesome Tuesday!
Save Chuck and Blair Bass , ohmygod this is so relevant right now. I need a bucket for my creys
Gettin ready for springfield!!!
remember going to Einstein's arcade on the drag, then stopping at Inner Sanctum on the way back? those were the days.
So bummed that Philly's early lead AND late attempt at a comeback fell short! I won't lie...I woulda loved to see the Heat go down 1-0.
- Wow! You guys be careful! We'll be thinking of you out here in PHX with our short sleeves and flip flops. :)
LOL He follow me too.. .but I'm going to hope he doesn't ever look at his timeline! lol
it finds u be patient
Then ill see if I can get the crew to come muahhh
music loves u back! so inspired by your gift and humility sis... FLY!!
Half Price sale going on now on all seasonal items
Im liking my security claass..i get to go to the gun range tommorow
the app stitched it together!
people don't understand why I read so much. so here's the answer: its an escape. from the annoying. the bitchy. the rude. from everything..
"A lot of amenities disappear when an H becomes an M."
Thank you so much for the very kind and considerate Mention. Happiness Fill Your Life :)
FINALLY, Heading to brick and mortar to close my account tonight.
I'm seeing tons to Subway, Kardashian, Biebs, and avocado
Sunny (FINALLY) in Austin - this is a very cool town ... SanFrancisco meets Texas
i can eat candy at 11o'clock at night and id still be tired!
Who is coming to our party tonight??
I don't know where she is currently, but I'm pretty sure my dog is still wearing that Tony Parker jersey hahahaha
But wants to dirty my dishes, use my bathroom, rub there fragrance into my clean clothes, & eat my food.
RT : A girl marries a prince, and a bad guy dies. This weekend's news cycle sounds like it was written by Disney. -Needs A theme song
Eww! Ate some Hot Chicken Wangs! They were GoD.
That interview with Oil Can Boyd might've been the best interview ever.
happy Mothers Day ..enjoy it
Has broken into the emergency supplied of kale and sausage.
So we wear our nike flip flops to the club ??? AND yeen have the decency to at lease wear socks wit it ? ..... O ok <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Kinda. he's the next monta ellis
Some people are petty to the very end... sad.
We're excited to be at #SCUP 's Mid-Atlantic conference. Good conversations thus far about campus planning and design.
I tossed out one. Four remain...
Wow! Maybe next year
September 10th.Thanks man
That will be like a mini vaca!
naw i think i saw u wipe a tear when u was leaving class lol ": well psy is officially over #ThankYouJesus"
really bitch... Really? You know exsactly what im talking about....
Watching tv in Chicago. Follow me on twiiter Karlton85.
rarely leaves her desk at lunchtime, so a quick catch up & bite with was a nice and much needed change of pace.
Built in gas cooktop :-)
Give us a #ff shout out please!!
Good question! Ha! “: I wonder if Peyton will Tebow, when he arrives in Denver?”
$4 Bud Light Pints
RT : Perfect Mother's Day gift: donate in her honor-provide education scholarships for amazing #Cambodian kids
is excited about her first NY visitor who is on her way AND softball tomorrow night! Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!!!!! :)
Thank you Wizehive, for helping us improve our data request process at the California Department of Education. Good times!
A hashtag to follow right now: #changeyourworldcairo - the superb work done by the team
y am i so bored on my spring break
“: Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one. ~ Malcolm Forbes”
Thanks Seattle Girl!
More SULLY - respect elders; experience matters!
Awh that sucks. and its totally fine haa.
Jersey shore soon bitchezz!!!!!
hm you really think so? I'm more of a primantis fan (original primantis, not those ridiculous chain versions).
he is?
Hi! Dawn from Albuquerque, NM...massage therapist and school owner
thinkin of one big room full of bad bitches.
Each moment one has to be at ease with oneself - not trying to improve, not cultivating anything, not practicing anything. ~ Osho Quote
Okay, I'm a bad live-tweeter of academic conferences. I don't know how people do it.
What was interesting w/ the Depression was how it affected my grandmother who was a child later in life-lots of food stocked.
We didn't win Mega Millions. Back to mortal life plans for the day. Off to clean the kitty litter...
The only endorsement with less enthusiasm than Santorum's via email would have been a note tied to a brick through Romney's window.
I'll always support Austin(:
When he says "forward," he means Charge of the Light Brigade-style forward.
wow thats so obv must be nice!
holy work out. never walking that far again with a 12 pack of guinness, a bottle of jameson, and a bottle of tequilla, least im all stocked!
what happened?
I can't believe it's Friday again! #FF happy St. Patricks! have a safe a profitable weekend.
Bring that quality = I'll make it happen :-)
the economy of 'carcass balancing' meets/meats the agentive visceral object - Roe
OMG WE AGREE
Aww that's awesome, thank's for the love...even tho you made me sound old as hell...I am still in my 20's LOL!
Thanks for the kind words!! Much appreciated.
Reverend Raven & The Chain Smkoin Altar Boys are bringing the blues to River Rhythms this Wednesday!
Thanks a lot!
just do ur thing. haha we woulda fought if that was 2 yrs ago.
The thought of a new Star Wars saga didn't foment jihad.
I hate having a stuffy nose & trying to eat I CAN'T BREATHE !!
Bout to have a twitter party send in your questions/comments
Want some
oh Randy... no no no
#ColeAldridge! Looking/playing like a skinny
hey what's up
Definitely will!!!
Have you ever pranced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
Covering breaking news in NE Cbus...police confirm 2 ppl shot on Jermain Dr. One victim not expected to survive.
LOVING LIFE RIGHT NOW!
GO GLORIA!
As I already own an autographed copy of this gem, I held off clicking Like a bit. Congrats on 1000!
im sick.
Yeah! Then I'd get to see a show! : Seriously thinking about moving to Southern California..
#2012 candidates Herman Cain, Michelle Bachmann, Ron Paul, and Rick Perry @ 2011 Values Voter Summit in #DC today
feelin' the burn this morning...how are you holding up?
Amare said GET SOME
I learn more on twitter than i do at school...
Music doesn't lie. If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music. -Jimi Hendrix
Nothing beats an orange popsicle on a warm winter day.
Runs deferrals... I like it RT : #Phillies may want to save some of these runs for the Mets.
let's go to Isaiah's sometime
WOW! tough life to have 8 house keepers ;) how big is your MANSION???
I wouldn't be suprised if both teams combined score 27 points, 2 defenses packed with NFL talent!
Menu Item of the Day: French Cut Black Pearl Porkchop: Brushed with Barrel 44 whiskey glaze, served with cornbread stuffing/roasted carrots
If you wanna ride you need to give me cash or grass.
I hope Kobe's 7ft team mates will show up tonight... Then there should be no worries.
I guess the Heat want these niggas to have their shine since they at home that's nice but time to stop playin and PLAY
So tired I can't sleep and it's 01:30
Much love to all the support that my fans have given me! I just want to say thank u!
live in concert tonight ! #UTSA #SWAGGY guaranteed to be jumpin! doors open at 9p
#thought. Can fabricated experience be authentic? Where does self-awareness fade into unawareness?
Could you all follow us so we can DM you an invite? :)
North Carolina wouldn't be the first state to find scapegoating simpler than understanding.
Oh cool!!! We will check your stuff out later today. Just catching up. Thanks for the compliment. ;-)
One day I went into my friends house but I couldn't see him but he was saying hi to me so iwa like wtf he was black
Shit.. fuckin spurs running circles on these dudes. Cmon now
Every reclusive genius needs a Jarvis.
did you get my text earlier? Picking you up at 7:15!
AP Test Today -.-
My daughter just said "m these peanuts are peanut butter flavored."
BA boss says Heathrow chaos has made UK a &#39;laughing stock&#39; | The ...
Draw something! <-- get it and play me!!!!!
Also a clear road map of the overall program would be helpful. They need to see where the pre-work is leading.
It also helps that the iMac has 1333 MHz RAM, which is double the speed of the Pro at 667 MHz. :)
I heard that.
you failed it was a test from God and no more blessings for you
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success. - Henry Ward Beecher
6 more weeks of winter... and it sure feels like it
Rob Wilson exits the Kohl Center floor for the last time to resounding applause.
Work spares us from three evils: boredom, vice, and need. - Voltaire
Three California youth hockey teams left standing at Nationals - Jr. Kings 18AAA, Anaheim Wildcats 12AA and Lady Sharks 16AA
thanks chick!
What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life. -Leo Buscaglia
thank you...trying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Confidence Is Like Not Giving Up And Being Brave. Lucky is the happiness you have in your life to be happy. These two words are very wise.
I am attempting to follow my own hedgehog concept- what can I be the best at, make money doing and be passionate about?
rain sun or snow...tear it up!
you guys are a freakin riot! I wanted to challenge the loch ness monster!
The great leaders are like the best conductors - they reach beyond the notes to reach the magic in the players.
I'll drink to that!
But the Wildcats are quick to respond.
Josh Hutchinson's jaw / is even more delicious / than his homophone
PHAME is pleased that the Trimet Lift drivers are returning to the bargaining table + that service will resume Thursday!
I really miss watching you guys at 9. Since the story did on the our business has been through the roof!
Tuesday... what surprises do you have in store? #RiseNGrind Morning Onlsow County!
yeah now your too cool for me but yet guess whos the one who knows all ur problems and listens me
Definitely the best tale I've read this week. :)
If yo tweets aint hittin on shit I dont care how many followers u got. Never been the bandwagon type.
#onanyc: Media & civic engagement in our own backyard: and Also check out and
Latin dancing with was so much fun tonight! Everyone at La Dolce Vita was so nice and friendly! #itsbecausetheywereLatinos ha!
call me
decisions, decisions. which new song to record...
struggling to get out the door. You can tell it's the end of the school year.
I had 980 in 4 years. I didn't do to bad.
going to go play t the motorcycle shop
Even better, it says Golf on the back.
I agree, better to be nice!
Would be very regressive. Public K-12 schools attended by everyone; higher ed disproportionately attended by children of affluent.
"Don't forget to like" It's good practice to like positive comment in your facebook. It's a Social Media Marketing "you welcome"
"just let me finish my paper! Gosh!" I think we all know what we have to do. #CBswag #CBswag <3
Go to Party City and get a black wig, and braid it. It'll save ya lots of money.
Going to see my mother in Maine!
Hoping #PeytonManning makes decision soon. Not sure how much more my heart can take!
Thank you! Yep The Hubby is taking me out to eat. And I hear there's presents. :)
u r my hero!
What? Our new DVD player has built in Michael Jackson videos! What else is on here?
#Ersquake!!! What a put back!
It sucks being blind..
oh yeah!!!
Actually pretty good! :)
Loving my "Healthcare Reform is a BFD" tshirt that just arrived for giving a few bucks to
so fricken true
I know! And graduation got pushed back a day for a special visitor. So, a little longer, but worth it.
A baseball game is simply a nervous breakdown divided into nine innings. ~Earl Wilson
you just wish you had a girl to tell you that!
taking a screenshot of the kid you like accepting your friend request...yolo.
Clever moon :)
On the slick I'm really kind of pissed, but hey it is what it is... I keep moving
IM REALLY GONNA MISS EVERYONE AT SMMCS , I LOVE YOU ALL , IMMA SEE SOME OF YOU NEXT YEAR BUT FOR THOSE WHO IM NOT , GOODBYE :((((
You know it's a busy day when you didn't even have time to tweet!
yo son!!!! You ready to kill it this summer????
thanks Steve and its nice to meet you!
maybe the banks don't want it? Lol
IF A TREE FALLS is a great great film. Powerful & Unbiased. It never tried to take part, just tells the story and lets you decide.
who? me? on work mode?
Ah, I should do that with my clients' deadlines.
I want to buy my mom the best gift this sunday.
You know what would be the perfect graduation gift now? A gigantic umbrella!
Killer Q & A at theatre last night. Packed house, much love! BIG THANKS!
ONE UNFOLLOW? REALLY?
Happy Friday ATL, who's has big plans for this weekend?
you can always do that to me <U+2665>
double the distance, double the....... pain!! haha-- and fun
Thankful it's Thursday? What are you thankful for? Want to be a nurse all are thankful for? Call us now at (888) 682-2761 to find out how!
Haha okay! Lunch at tomorrow!
I'm thinking...Herman Cain just might be my choice-strong, forthright, knowledgeable, speaks the truth!
Yes this is the High Guyz best moments! Watching WWE vhs with !
Welcome to the M&T Bank Ballroom, American Institute of Architects of NYS. Enjoy your evening at the MAG!
My Press Needs LLC expanding into UK and European Markets
Calling it a nite
I'm the best rapper this side of the shower curtain.
Avengers with and twitterless adam:)
#ShoutOut and gratitude to
Way to go Jay Pharaoh! You own the world!
I could buy some Facebook shares, but Aaron Sorkin has convinced me it'd only end with me screwing my friends & alone with my business cards
Getting my study on! Last finals ever!
IKEA just dropped off 184 boxes weighing 1693 lbs. It's going to be a long day.
Thanks for the mention! of politics? I like it!
Increasing amounts of spam followers recently
did u now
Canon shooters -Anyone interested in a 24-70 f2.8L lens at a decent price?
Open on Monday, Labor Day from 2 - 9 pm.
4411-Your hair is amazing!! Ill ship you with Liam Payne
My bed is callin my name
So stoked!! I got a #tedxaustin invite!!!
Mariano Rivera carted off during BP?!? That messes up everything about my fantasy team!!!
+ we'll also have in studio talking about new season of #WPT + giving away free headphones
Fair enough. Let's say 89% ;) - I agree with your original tweet though. I'm not sure if people don't get it or don't care.
If you need a serious touch from heaven tomorrow show up to Dwell! tomorrow will be special!
#BbWorld11 How to meet challenge learning outcomes are achieved? BbAnalytics focusing on this (iStrategy).
Ill put you over my knee and spank you like your Mama shoulda!
Celebrating KRay3's birthday (13th)! with her friends at
thanks for spreading the word. Hope to see you!
*high five*
Weekend alert!! Time for YOURSELF! Fun, friends, rest, relaxation... Whatever it may be, make it safe, happy and a lil irresponsible ;)
you are so funnyy !
QIAGEN Acquires AmniSure International to Add Unique Assay to Emerging Point of Need Portfolio
Running low on mill, sadly.
Is that your generic reply when you have run out of snappy comebacks?
You need to start going to class. This would never happen in the PAC12. RT : Man has NEVER been to the moon ..
great snip!
Lol, I'm gonna be alone at Prom next year .
haha damn college separating us! But hell yeah shiiit almost forgot about prom!
He's got get away from the cops speed!
Should I do dark brown to blonde tips ombré or golden blonde to peach tips like LC's new do? Need advice!
I'm using anything I can!!!
Make #huggle TREND
Fried chicken, mashed potatoes and modern warfare 3 sounds like a good night to me ;)
It's amazing how big of a prick magnet the Infinity car brand is.
I am trying to figuring out the history in 's name. What made them ignore the "e"?
srry for the random tweet! Just tryna spread the word! Needing all the help we can get to make his dream a reality! :D
So enjoy coaching my clients in the way they learn best. The #MBTI tool is so helpful in understanding and relating effectively.
thank you love hope you could make it out?
I think you have a very strong point.
Anybody know where I can get the files to Jailbreak a PS3? DM or Mention me.
Getting my nails done. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
You okay?
no I already applied!!!
Hey guys I think I'm going to delete my twitter if you think I should tweet me/: <3
Congrats dude:)
I don't have cable. Therefore these "nationally" televised games aren't televised for me, therefore I ask Why am I blacked out!?
Why does Santa give the rich kids more presents at Christmas?
If a parent was neglected or deprived, the child is spoiled -- a healthy relationship with food doesn't exist.
I've only gone with one girl with brown hair. Wat can I say
i seriously love how being drunk give you not one care in the world.....
hell yes #CeNation Forever cant wait until wwe raw
I feel like a total FB fangirl today.
Omw 2 the last game of the tournament, we gota finish strong
God is the best...
yeah you really do tho .
:D hello twitter
trying to figure out how to follow someone by their twitter username
#cildc starts today! Now if only I got more than three hours sleep last night. Yawn. Bring on the excitement, learning, and refreshments.
- following your incredible menu items. Wow!
my date!? Lol you crazy.. but yea puppy love shit lol
Everyone is talking about the weather today! Is it sunny where you are?
At school being boss!
I'll miss you. “: Died in my dream again last night. Car crash this time. Death in my dreams 2 out of the last 3 nights.”
I prefer Pixelmator. Way more lightweight.
I love wearing red. It always makes me feel extra happy.
Verizon service is down, so PVLA phones are down. Email us!
Yeah that was a subtweet too
Here you go lol RT : All females claim to be angels, but most of yall are not heaven sent
You go, you hedonist, you.
Hello All, I am back from Maternity Leave Monday and have lots of things going on! Email me at
I see your coffee mug obsession continues :)
what the junk, I don't even make it to season 4?!?! This sucks, I blame Claire and her stupid baby.
darn, ok. Well gets back to practicing !
Follow Great show also appearing in the NYMF with book, music and lyrics by the talented David Nugent!
hit the gym trunk
I'm not sure Mitt Romney has a concept of morality at all.
Thaank u sweetie! >RT : I love it!! It's an adorable FB page
i'm feelin a run
Good things happen to Good People Chris and you are great People.Steelers need Cb's.Have you spoken?
this shall be my last tweet.
I probably could. But she's named after a children's character named "Flat Stanley."
Guess La Dispute will have to be my morning orange juice. Now listening to Damaged Good by La Dispute. Get into it.
hey Yvonne. great to see you one Twitter. Have a fabulous day.
Facebook app requests from friends are F!@@# annoying, especially because I know its an automated system.
RT : thanks ! | you're welcome!
I play in the Majors for the Rays!
Meals available today to the elderly and disabled for Thanksgiving! A personal cook brings a personal touch. Visit me at michaelchase.ws
Ridin with Brian wolf was a blast!! Good training .. Doin it again tomorrow
Where did the 4 day weekend go ?!!??!?!?
LOL they ALL know ! you would not believe # of strangers who comment on "my corner jungle" as I'm on a major commuter route
Shopping makes me feel a WHOLE lot better !
Looking forward to shoot tomorrow w/ actor, David Pressman
Cracker, Blueberry, Banana, marshmallow and, as of last night Ketchup...
Great to meet your as well. Would love to get up to a game in Duluth sometime. Best of luck to the rest of the season.
Cam Newton is the truth
We have so Many Christian Music Concert Coming up at the Brumder Mansion Jessa Anderson is June 10 Red Star Express is June 3
#FollowMeAlexConstancio PLEASE ITS MY BIRTHDAY NEXT THURSDAY & THAT WOULD BE THE BEST EARLY BDAY PRESENT EVER!!!! (:
Want to enjoy four levels of Herradura tequila, learn from a Herradura expert and eat tasty food. Then we will see you tomorrow!
Let's do this shindig!
I have you scheduled to be the featured dotd on 5/19/12, for the "Saturday, the Fringes" experimental music series.
New trend among indulgent parents: chewing food for their young kids. Seriously.
"It's pronounced thermometer."
is it crossing a line to try to go see with my students since i have no adult friends to go with?
Everything does makes me melt
I've photographed a few wild animals. But most were two legged guitar players
that breeze feels nice coming through the windows today.
My last six weeks with braces....HELL YEA!
Lick Donkey Ass Lol.!
That might be open to interpretation, what is the line between temptation, and what you naturally want?
Birddog Miller wisdom: "If money makes the world go round, then we've got that son of a bitch spinning!" (I sure miss you buddy.)
Dude, I love Dr. Pepper like you! Dr. Pepper Rocks! Skillet Rocks.. YOU ROCK! :D Rt me please!
At a Big Time Rush concert. :)
#HIV advocates work towards prevention/education/outreach bc we simply can't give up come join the fight
Merry Christmas!
Gotta take the childrens to the library today
be prepared
If a review has the words minimalist/minimalism in it, I'm out.
I miss my Juliett! I had so much fun with her this past sat. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> lol
better not sleep on them Saturday.
Honestly, it wasn't a favorite. It was disappointing: heavy, odd flavor - maybe undercooked? Followed directions, so not sure. :(
Obviously, no one is monitoring the feed. Wonder when/if I'll hear back from them.
Smile! This week's #phillyhunt #prize is a digital #camera! RT means more followers, better prizes!
I have coffee grounds in my shoe. Damnit, !
Re: releases I keep hearing that links to releases are the new trend. How would you distribute a CD or flashdrive?
Tonight's Special: The "It's Always Sunny In Philly" Dog topped w/ melted swiss, grilled onions & peppers and creamy horseradish. A -Yooo!!
I'm looking for a LeBron James type of relationship. No ring and I can disappear whenever you really need me.
The lord always knw how to make my day... Lord is always good
My husband better get a heavy cash flow.
Great tip from #SCUP session on hiring architect: write RFP to get architects out of "marketing mode" & into "architect mode" w/ specific Qs
Make a lot of noise at 10am! LOL :)
I like Charlie and the physical trainer
Gotye also accused the Glee version of being bland, which is just beyond.
Hello, Canada. Whatcha got other than Horton's?
Anyone out there know where we can get solid numbers on the online art market?
that's rough! Lmao.. Frischs breakfast bar?
WE STOKED
I confess I am a Marky Mark fan. AND his funky bunch!
Use tools like #hootsuite to schedule your tweets. Craft tweets in advance.
Recording video of this military plane flying over my house with a light on going in circles. This is quite terrifying to say the least
Baron Davis can still ball.
RT Good Morning Lovies!!!! GM sister :*
Fish tacos & Cervezas! God I love San Diego, America's finest city. Arguably the finest in the world!!!
If OKC wins this game, where does everyone go to celebrate? Applebee's?
they took them !
I just washed my car for this very reason a couple of days ago. Little maple seedlings were rooted under the windshield wipers.
couldn't of said it better. He knew what he was getting into when he accepted the trade to milwaukee.
TONIGHT: America's #1 Unsigned Artist Showcase, Club Pyramid NYC-8pm. Artists perform FREE. Must bring @ least 1 paying guest.
But you won't be here yet!
You're welcome!
I can't argue with that.
I seriously thing I'm going to be sick.
I can't wait for prom and kings island!
Voiceover Lady is in da house! :-)
Yes it is but everyone is sleeping RT History is made at night
I hope you chew all the gum. ALL THE GUM.
We want to see Adam tomorrow! Singing along and getting down in the pit!
Tough choices lie ahead. RT Should we sacrifice wildlife for solar power? smrt.io/wYIWxb
Always getting logged out? Tip: You can extend your session time under the tools menu> my profile> display options
You know what sucks? How all the good guys are always taken.
We're doing that too!
Rehearsal quote: Great adjustment on your relationship to the meat.
cant wait to u see you there<3 5 days:) so excited!
Thank you Kyra:) You're very kind...
Her water never broke they just busted the bag. Aaaaahhhhhhh!
When comes into my Class & Ask's to be his girlfriend in front of everybody :') <3
I tried to tell yall Lauren Hill was coming back!!! In ur face wack as industry lol!
The only thing preventing me from smashing my alarm clock this morning is the fact that its my cellphone.
Received the classiest ILL package ever from Brown paper! Simple white label! Elegant font! I almost hate to open it. :)
bar hopping with Jesus, come with?
way she talks...
Such A long Day!!!
oops #FF is who to follow if you love all things lavender! We love lavender and use it in almost all of our products.
Gorgeous weather. Loving the outdoors <3
just in time! My prom is coming up soon(:
Tvs not working its the only good thing!
Made some great connections with the Montgomery Co Humane Society today. They have so many loving dogs that need homes.
Protesters given citation for criminal trespassing.
Downloading the great presentations from
By raising your legs slowly and lying on your back, you cannot sink into quicksand.
thanks for following!
fighting with some guy from school bout bieber.
Since I cant' attend, i'll be living for the tweets! RT : Can't believe #NGGS11 is this week. Going to be epic!
story of my life.
Just announced Texas In July at Skully's Music Diner on Sunday, August 7th! Details at www.facebook.com/collaterallive
oh yeah, because there isn't anything else to learn from our various indigenous cultures or the fusion of them in a globalcontext
“: just curious what in the world is a cocunut bath?” coconut oil in your bath
Twitter Is Not Easier Than Blogging | Six Pixels of Separation - Marketing and Communications Blog - By Mitch Joel at Twist Image...
At listening to #jazz!
cool! i'll ping Josh & see what works for you guys! <3
even if I Talked to my county housing worker and know its set up for inspection sometime after Tuesday the 12th???
I used to sneak books all the time - my siblings and I LOVED Reading Rainbow!
RT RT : Romney campaign aide trying to block reporters from rope line now. Reporters refuse to leave.
Trying to keep my energy up today
MVP MVP MVP!!!!!!!Great win for the Reds last night!
And on the 7th day man submitted...
#whatif advances in origami included the "realistic,"like live birds and vehicles.Good for the environment & tax credit for the best folding
Does anyone know what channel is sposed to be on tonight? Cuz isnt he in new york? Haha idkkkkk
So true!
#sandvb no better start!RT : Let's start the day nice and early with some sand volleyball
Fixing Education: S Korea: Where are the Smartboards and the laptops so prevalent in American schools? No tech?
tweeting and working out?
#lessexcitingbandnames Florence and the Do It Yourself
Good morning everyone. Off to the salon. :)
I think I would die if or ever tweeted me <3
seems like its hard to make a decision when in that spot. Espn is giving same answers as paterno gave
Things are great, when are you gonna make your way to NY?
watched Wizard of Oz with the little ones tonight. first time they saw it. hilarious. they kept referencing the Phineas and Ferb version.
here we go again. No love for music.
That awesome moment when I can translate my foreign followers Spanish tweets!
RT MRI confirms Batum w/ left knee bone contusion. Out for Wed. v Char. Listed DTD and will be re-evaluated later this week
Original Acrylic Paintings For Salewmv - paintings for sale
Hydrangeas are her kryptonite, quick, give her more!
“: preciate the #follow #NFB”. Thank u too. Have a good weekend.
Babysiting a live truck at #opdx today.
"i took the stars from my eyes, then i made a map.. i knew that somehow, i could find my way back."
Secretly I think Bella loves it when I'm sick. She gets to spend the day in bed with me. :-p
Yep they are killing k.u.
11th commandment or Ronald, guess what, is bigger than THOU SHALT NOT LIE, apparently.
In the Winnipeg news cafe journalists host events with the public rather than report about it for the public. So cool!
Less than 12 hours until the #Cardinals begin there quest for back-2-back WS.
would you like to purchase Office 2010 All-in-One For Dummies for 19.99 ?
are you trying to be a chef or something?
hey guys i rly need followers plz help me out!!! <3 thanks and check out my makeup videos on youtube.com/makeupgal16
Even in VA have to see the Steelers, at BW3 with to cheer our boys to a victory!
Thanks for the retweet!
Okay GOOD :D My phone's screwed up but I have an appointment with Apple at 4! Soo hopefully they can fix it and then i'll text you!
nope its To hot out there i might pass out lol
Overeating is an eating disorder.
Lol. You think I'm kidding. I'd do ANYTHING to meet one direction.
Going down to for #coffeeandcode in #phoenix today starts at noon.
your skin is flawless!!
In Chicago. Meetings start tomorrow. Right now the hard part: pick the first fabulous meal.
That feeling >>>>
also, thanks for the informative tweet re the referee situation. Appreciate it.
Let's go crush 'em today.....
you didnt un-follow mee :) but u do need to start following me on instagram mmmkay? ;)
Good luck and today in NSH 13.1 half. Proud of you both!
OMGOMGOMGOMG WHERED YOU FIND THAT?! :O I wonder how she got him to do that!/: I saw another one too
Yes I do! What show are you coming to?
GUESS WHAT?! : O
If you have to advertise that you are a princess across your butt, odds are you that are probably not.
wow! Avengers was awesome, so happy they fixed the Hulk
do ya lol ....what do you know
Ik u thought i was gon come back around like i use tew nope not dis time im duin sumthin new
they are
You chasin <U+E04F> you should be chasin ,'s cut your <U+E011> off and <U+E103> em to your momma.
#agirljustwants to be the center of his world....
S/O to my new follower #NFB :)
Rondo ejected b/c ref is terrible... kidding me
It's that old soul thing again. I am very wise.
"I miss you terribly"
He tells me he can make a lot of money off me hahahah
Sitting by the two of you makes this meeting fun.
That's what I'm thinking.
Atleast She Aint Go Out Like No Weak Bitch
: Random ear infection temp pain remedy that may only work on me: Pull earlobe down (& away a bit)
If I was from Paris, I would say ooh la la, la la la la la. . .
Wow! Definately didn't expect a game like this... interesting one <3 love it :D Real Madrid - Bayern M.
Gonna miss those sausage race pun recaps RT The follower bleed begins, I lost 4 last night while transitioning from WI to KY.
Leave it up to me to go to the swanky Ganesvoort Rooftop last night and try and order a beer. Beer was not an option.
Heading to visit friends & colleagues at Pioneer Farm to learn of new projects & opportunity
Pepsi Snacks Its Way To $69 As Beverages Fizzle - Forbes
there's always people who want control. There are some very um well let's say interesting people out there.
#feat.surging streams in my dreams
I suck at iceskating, and I thou it was dumb easy. Team brueses !
If you upgraded your storage within an hour of Google Drive's launch, you got MUCH lower prices. I got $5 per YEAR for 20 GB.
For my Twitter friends that follow me on fb, I deactivated it because I got pissed (censorship). I'm sure I'll get back on in a day or 2.
Professional 57 inch Tripod for Nikon Coolpix S3000, S3100 with Flexible Monopod and Touch screen gloves for Phones, Cameras and more http:/
RT : "People will hire you & then tell you not to do what you were doing when they heard you." Art Blakey
Don't be late on ur first day
Suck it Red Wings! Sharks win!
"A word after a word after a word is power." via
If you have netflix and a webcam, you should have a movie night with me later. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0085>
the crisis continues when guilders treat fellow guilders with impunity
K so sitting here with Katie, bored, nobody loves us.
RT : Shorty got potential I got your Shorty rite here
hurry up stupid bands i wanna see the all american rejects already
yeah im str8. How R U?
Watching documentaries with my uncle and grandmother on the history of theater and how beer saved the world (separately). Good times. :-)
Start by following some big names, and some people that tweet topics you like.
Downtown wheeling is smelling extra fruity today<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0093>
G. M. Trevelyan~ Education... has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading.
Are you studying alot tonight?
hard to believe as gorgeous as you are ;} lol
loving my design for the 2011 wedding planner and guide ad. Can't wait for everyone to see it!
Big Ups to my JMU Dukes for putting all their heart into the CAA Tourney. Almost pulled it out against the Tribe.
I feel guilty for gay tweeting today... Somehow it feels justified... does Obama support gay tweeting?
I give up. is never going to follow me... :(
Thank you for a wonderful time!
great news!
I'm gonna get a tattoo™™
it's not molesting from this side. It's #eyecandy!!
Wonderful Holiday Party Today at the Haitian Neighborhood Center, Sant La.
I wonder what I'd be doing with my life if I didnt know about the boys,
This is amazing!!!!!!!! Check your DM!! We love you!!!
Today's the day for the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu orientation!! 3:30pm-6pm 770 N Milwaukee St (upstairs). See you in a few hours!
OMG i'm on Tweet Limit AGAIN wtfudgeeeeee :)ILYShawty<3
When you're having a nice conversation with someone and then they don't answer and you're just sitting there like -____-
Made myself some shell noodles :3
RT : RT How u have the wrong number and u get mad at that person kill urself// Wait!! Did you retweet yourself cuzzo?!
We enjoyed having you and Ryan! RT : Sad that my 1st trip to Boston is coming 2 an end! We'll be back !
hahaha that seems like fun! what u planning to do?
Because of cover charge let's meet up instead at Kora in Crystal City! Right near the Metro (2250 Crystal Dr)!
God is using 's talents to uplift us all. Keep up the tweets they are so inspirational.
Earthquake! :o)
Hell no, never that How you been? i'm just getting ready to move up to Austin that's about it
...youngest and who cares.... agree.... all about the W's at the end of the season... Great McGinn article on roster BTW
Good stuff is on the way....
thank u :D
Hm did I misspell it or is that what I ment RT : My what? RT : Not from your point of you.
give me respect and loyalty and ill give you the best sex ever ;)
nice catch son! I haven't caught shit yet!
re: being removed from a friend's contact list...if U are the remover or new phone friend. Let the 1 texting u know u lost ur phone
OMG! ur on twitter:)
Only if I meth it up.
Infuriating emails from my insurance agent just put me over my quota for dealing with indifferent incompetence today
It's not until later on some girls will find their prince. Kiss a couple of frogs, to find your prince(:
In Rules for the Direction of the Mind, Descartes proposed rules for the pursuit of truth.~Don
Keep my aunt in your prayers, she lost her baby that was in her tummy. She's very heartbroken right now.. Thank you.
looking old as fuck, does he have a wedgie?
I used to relate to people a lot more.. Not quite sure when the change hit..
thanks Laurie! I could use some JOOS today. What's on dock for Spring JOOS?
DATS WATS UP NICKI KEEP DOING YA THING I AM A WITNESS TO U BEING ON YA FIRST COME UP DVD I BEEN A FAN SINCE THEN N WATCH U RIZE
Does #China love Starberry? www.USSportspages.com
No matter what
There is something comforting about using natural products. I know I am not rubbing toxins and chemicals in my skin. beautysnatural.com
"Multiculturalism" is pointing out aspects of people's culture in order to start fights between them about those differences.
Happy Birthday Austie! <3 I remember the day you were born like yesterday. <3
Wow! 's called us "astute and articulate" in our appearance on tonight's Kitchen Nightmares. He must have us confused.
its too many females on twitter for u to be talkin bout niggas
Bloody Mary & a Spotted Cow
Nicki minaj kind of scares me.
“: I don't have a face Jesse” I'd pee on your house
"If you want to be known for something amazing you have to do something amazing"- Cyndee Woolley
Success in the end erases all the mistakes along the way. - Chinese Proverb
really enjoying your book! Thank you for producing such thought provoking content.
lol funny stuff. :-)
whenever I sign w/ kids @ work I think about how I need to take classes. This girl found out I knew some and hasn't left my hip <U+E056>
I enjoyed some kenpo x tonight! I've been to 12 shows, seeing 4 more this summer :)
I've never heard of them, but their wiki page sounds interesting.. so yes!
Sitting in the panel Women in Media. These are some wise Latinas.
Hope everyone has a wonderful weekend! Take advantage of the nice weather 2day and 2morrow bc on Sunday a cold front is heading our way.
Eveyone is freaking out over JB's performance. So many ovaries exploded tonight I'm guessing..
call me when u go to joes me n erin will be in lv ya dig
drive all over town with 10 bucks!!! Man those were the days!!!
I want One Direction to come the Oklahoma. If they did I would go streaking with Harry, no joke.
BL Margs I assume? RT : I will be buying lemons, limes and oranges tonight. Tomorrow is 5 de May. Margaritas shall be had.
a little confused with the little "fun facts" the announcer says when anyone wins an
it was fun! Sofia Vergara is so beautiful. Can't deal...
#FollowFriday #FF Everyone welcome to the Twitterverse! Great coffee and food from New Mexico! :)
Got RxBandits - Mandala this morning. So sick. Will be on get file later for those interested in it.
fun thing to do when listening to NPR: write down every 7th word & form a random sentence that makes more sense than what they actually said
Ready to hang out with my girls at the Spurs game tonight!
« I have a feeling ima be a way different person next year .»
I wish......best spot for wings is right across the street at Sweetwater.
Thanks for the follow now I dont have to choke you as your eating me!!!
Yes it's really me! And thank you.
I went with the Mac version as well. So nice to have it as a launch option!
nahh I'm putting it down for the night before I totally overload my brain haha, I'm starting back up bright in the am :)
great work on the piece - loved learning about his plans for - have a great weekend honey
Don't miss the Good Friday Sale at our Thrift Stores, 50% off at all the stores in SD! I will be showing off some style @ Point Loma store!
haha my birthday went okay but my sister ruined it for me she made my dad mad so he didnt talk to me AT ALL during my b-day diner
"no shots til the sun goes down"...what kind of wack rule is that??
Hollywood is a sewer with service from the Ritz Carlton.
Amazing! I teach 6th graders, so I try to scaffold them through the research process. Many have never cited sources before.
People on avg end up overeating by 250+ calories/day when they start a cardio program and end up gaining weight -- Int'l Journal of Obesity
Seeing Paper G ads, woot!
real shit that was a solid little nigga
just being honest
Chillin with Audra today : ) might go see a movie and thinking about going on a road trip
#73-Trent Cole-DE-Philadelphia Eagles
I love genuine, nice, cool ppl.
Dear dirty old man, please don't leave me 2% tip and then ask for my facebook info.
If you take the trouble to go and lobby, they will listen to you and courteous and nice. Go lobby!
jesus need us like he needs a hole in his hand! Hahaha ba-da-dom!!
Only 273 days left to make fun of Sen. #OlympiaSnowe before she retires.
- so sick of love songs, so tired of tears so tired of wishing you were still here . :-(
Putting together our June issue: "High Crimes and Misdemeanors." Who are your favorite American criminals?
I don't know what else to say or do to make you realize that you mean the world to me.
New chapter starts today.
word!!!!! Send it to me I wanna hear it!!!
Majority of the people at IMDB liked Paradigms more. I LOL'ed at this more cause of the plot. Paradigms was hell good though
A nice day for one crazy ass night
Maybe the Mavs (ahem, Chandler) can rebound!
Wait, so we have black people on our team and you're laying out by the pool in a confederate flag bathing suit in front of them?
Having an early morning dance party in my car just isn't the same without
I <U+2764> #Smash so much!! Can't wait! What'd you think?
Thanks, Sadhbh!!! This could be a game changer.
@ maciel_96 oh ok
start it yo
Thanks, man! We'll try not to get existenially lost in translation or join a J-Pop group.
And I bet the test was totally worth the fee they made you pay for the privilege of taking it.
Just caught Thunderbolt and Lightfoot on HBO.. would love to see a Quentin Tarantino remake!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
One of the best things about #Faffcon 2 (and #Faffcon in general) is that egos are parked at the door.
awake. but dead. Finished my last paper of grad school. I'm done. Guaraná time.
Picking something up at Wildwood Park. It's so nice I don't want to leave!
Thanks for the RT!
How are you doing ? Mom & Dad said you were very polite today when they saw you. All thanks to your Mom, Dad &
I meant I not u lol. D: No the last novela i watched was "Cuidado con el Angel" xD
happy birthday dooooood!
Spring cleaning has begun...
i miss my old friends . .
So much to do but so tired. Sleep first. Always a good rule.
looks good man, is that turbo-4 or the V6?
Good evening everyone. What's new?
#MyFavoriteGame I agree RDR BOSS OF A GAME
I was talking about mine ;)
k i did thats like private message right
lets hope so :D
Very welcome! RT : Watching 's "The Boss". It's on the brothers. Awesome!! Thx to Guy for the heads up!
Guess I'm bout to find out what all the fuss is about and start on Fifty Shades Of Grey
follow me on instagram: jacklyynn :P
You don't know how much of an impact it can make on someone even if you just smile at them.
could never be a vegetarian purely due to the fact I love chicken too much
are you at the nerdery event?
it was the best gift they ever gave me--an 'upgrade' in name. has done wonders for my business.
Thank you RT “: sorry I missed meeting you in person last night! Fab party:)” Next time.
thanks, Jeff, for the RTs. Very appreciated -- you are awesome!!
Connie, looks like your Twitter profile got hacked.
Arcadia Farms was very inspirational and the Mobile market was the best thing I've seen on the tour!
People say live life to the fullest but alot of people can't #not swag
I just saw the East West Players production of Three Year Swim Club! I loved it!
lolla mud show flashback?
Yelling someone's name in different voices until they hear you.
Seriously: Ohio General Assembly + ?uestLove = Better Ohio General Assembly
Thanks for backing the #Kickstarter publication of the Caldwell viols catalogue!
he looked/smelled like he might have already been on his way to a "discrete" sunday morning pick-me-up
We need some urban cultural prophets raised up. Carl Ellis
was measured and thoughtful. There are elements to ed that need fixing-some criticism of ed based in reality.
EVERYONE ATTIOTION MACI LIKES LICKING FEET!!!!!!!!
Content sharing score at #tocchicago :: Some is free: 6 , Nothing for free: 2.
So good! Not to get your hopes up or anything. Now I need to go listen to it again.
You hate English don't you?
So tired... Funny night
RT : RT : I'm the daughter of an immigrant. I can't ignore immigrant rights.
"Every minute, every breath, is a gift from God.” - Mary Manin Morrissey
I seriously want to live in the movie Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo. The fashions are fucking 80's epicness.
Zombies r coming!
yeah buddy goodluck Manny. Glad your back in milwaukee and ready to dominate.
So rumor has it that there was a EARTHQUAKE in NYC....I was on the subway...so I honestly felt nothing....stop the jokes everyone!!!
I'm ready for the summer
Just got 20 class request!!!
I got my hair cut, now it is no longer like Justin Bieber's ex hair, more like his new one XD
Summerfest announcement new this morning on #wisn12. Alice cooper and iron maiden.
I only roll with niggas that'll carry me to my hoarse!
Kentucky and Louisville starts now!
RT : I've come to realize, given Trump's recent actions and decisions, how proud I am he didn't pick me to win Apprentice.
please follow back Justin!!(:
no look at my icon duhh
Had a dream about card catalogs last night... Actually, it was more of a nightmare...
Glenn Close looks GOOD for her! Wow! Just lose the jacket!
Please forward the following to Bill Gates and his family and anyone else that you think will benefit from it.
Adams put data on in-house website to share between 30 McClatchy papers. Each paper could use the data for their own reporting.
Anyone #StirOSU? RT : Creative & engaged thinkers... could find an affordable solution to curbside recycling in Cbus.
Welcome to The Cowboys! Wear 24 well, theres a lot of picks in the number. It belonged to my old friend Walls, he got 53.
Mike Wallace spoke out about his struggle with depression, suicide attempt to ... - New York Daily News
Coffeenated music time. Gonna try and finish 2 of these tracks tonight. Then 2 Much Fun!
Fresh attacks target symbols of Syrian state power - Charlotte Observer
oh good lord is he gorgeous. Too bad I really dislike his band. :-/
hahaha, yes and i'm still a pro
On the way to MARC!!! See you soon Sorors!!!!
We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything. - Blaise Pascal
ONE DIRECTION
exactly exact exactly
#Turnon... Chill laid back guys
And #BBN will be officially welcoming you!
Why didn't come to school today?!
Thanks for buying the book, Duane!
Loved The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. Also Major Pettigrew's Last Stand. Both awesome. What do U like?
in my thoughts!
Ya can't stop me. I gotta do wut I gotta do. Unity peace and love to all of you
should of been there for the #yoloberry moment ha ha
Finalist for #KIISFM Breakout Star for #WangoTango - Come to Universal City Walk this Friday at 7:00 to see me perform!
"But we are two worlds apart"
Will we go to heaven, or will we go to hell?
I'm more & more convinced that society is recreating librarians (information professionals) by other names.
#GOBEAUTYGONATURAL May 19th sacrifice the products that enhance your look and show the natural you! Go Natural, and be beautiful! RETWEET#
nice tits
Pres. Berman says that our innovative ideas at the conference need to continue into our classrooms
let's go to #FatFalfas and celebrate!
You could never please society. So just do you.
howard is nicer than piers morgan imo
Planning the new album. More details to come!
Chompers, creatine, and the gym. Deadliest combo ever
happy one month aniversary and yall love birds!
when I'm done with radiation I'm flying out here to set me up with a butt kicking workout
Bummed I missed #ExpChat. Next #allyquest episodes are filming in Yucatan #allyquest Will be covering the ancient Maya
wait until Billy Crystal takes the stage!
# NLC CCC10 - the only plan is to be as helpful as possible to MG, RB, & MM - nothing like 1st time jitters
Will my hair dry any faster .
Keep it Real young vinchi dope
Black eyed peas in Greenhouse tonight.
S/O TO LEVEL 3..JACKSON MISS ON FIRE.THANKS FOR ALL THE LOVE.WE WILL BE BACK.NEXT HEADED TO ATL IN THE MORNING
Studying for calc before noon was not a great wake up call.
Lunchtime concert in Rhapsody Hall: The Five Ensemble (classical chamber music)...and it's FREE!
My child's school AND teacher were in the CRCT report. Our school is on the merger list. Seems like I would be the last....
I wonder if Vinny ever watches the Boyz interviews.
and very cozy sleeping bags. ;)
Guess Netflix will become my BFF this summer! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
There is no better man than to be up there speaking right now. He's the Mariano Rivera sent in to close.
Saturday!! *GROOVE w/ TIM GARCIA of High Profile | 7pm | $7 | studio 702 spread the word! RT RT !!
I also have Britdar.
Tattoo appointment tomorrow.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Lol chill night with da earth bender
hearts change,i know they do.. but this heart will always belong to u..hearts hurt, i know they do... but this heart hurts more without you.
My momma didn't rise no fool :)
Love your username!
yes I have faith. Just need to do more volunteering and networking!
Need some advice from you lawyer types. Is there some legal way I can rob my neighbor, without the hassle and red tape of getting elected?
Are these chicks for real?
& You make me happy, when skies are grey. You'll never know, dear how much i LOVE YOU!
Just thought of something sick as fuck for clothing.
Looking for love in all the wrong places
TRU needs some volunteers for tomorrow's audition event. We need people for the morning shift. Contact me if avail to discuss compensation!
GL, well at least with lots of other people not playing, maybe you'll win!
yeah. I'm exploring all options. There's an EU YouTube channel that I've used. Vimeo I've thought ab. Need sustainable links.
Somebody keeps calling me <U+E40D>
I was nauseous and tingly all over. I was either in love or I had smallpox.
Yes, we'll be there registering people on-site. I know, what a nice surprise it was! :D
so excited to see you have entered the twitter game!
FREE SHIPPING EVERYWHERE IN THE US! AND FREE LOCAL MIAMI DELIVERIES!
Any word on Merritt Paulsons strange tweet? Anything serious? We don't need any Micro-fracture type situations.
Crap. New song for my hypothetical The Voice audition. You'll Never Be the Sun. Emmylou. Need I say more?
I SO TOTALLY AM!!
#SportingKC game tonight in the Cauldron-"I believe that we can win" featuring headless bobbleheads for player safety reasons.
Do you have a 'limited' insurance policy? If you do, it can mean big trouble when you need it most! Call us to learn more! 505-345-8757
A global genocide: blacks, Jews, Christian, poor, weak? America stopped Nazi; bad precedent being set by black leaders; can be used on them!
... lol smfh. Heat fans these days.
#MomentWhen you Just wan to strangle somebody so they could STFU !
Wow, these berries are fabulous. The most nutrition I've had yet at
RT : big thanks to for discussing my presentation and helping to tailor some of the content
Help for Haiti Auction Item 4: Tickets to Spoon at the HOB, $100 gift card to the Landsdown Pub, and 1 night’s stay at the Ames Hotel.
“ Weather Alert: NWS has issued a tornado watch for DC until 11PM. Tornado WARNINGS issued already to the S & W of DC. Be alert!”
I was unaware that it is currently frappucino #happyhour just throwin it out there
watchingg the day after tomorrow:)
Looking for youth leaders 5-25? Get involved in the new program Youth United! for more info
nah son I thought i was clavo and british?:o
How do you make your home appeal to the most buyers possible? Let me count the ways. Call me because I still make house calls.
Foreal bro? RT : real shit bro minds well im done at SRU
Just took my baby to the hospital for surgery. Get well soon baby :-(
Wow ... Georgina Sparks is Gossip Girl! I stopped watching ages ago but excited to hear the news
sounds good, let's shoot for first week of feb
Crashing the Party at ! Looking forward to some laughs. It's strange to see a very traditional home set on this stage!
did you block me? :( For the record, I haven't said anything bad about you once. In fact, i'm fucking in love with your band!
Thanks for the retweet!!
do u like Skrillex ? (:
Thanks for the support, dude! I was an on and off smoker for 4 yrs, and have been pretty much all on for the last 2.
did u get any of those texts?
I am failing to see the humor in this . . .
Word up! Come through. It's crazy!
Reason #4 to be there on June 16 for our 4th annual benefit art auction and party: ask someone who's been to one before.
RT HOT HEADLINE: Client Responds to Agency's Announcement of Being Closed Between Christmas and New Year's With "Like Hell You Are."
I feel the same way!!! How is your new job treating you?
"U got a dream, u gotta protect it. Ppl cant do something themselves they wanna tell u, u cant do it.You want something,go get it,period!"
haha, love it! Or at the very least, down with 3D post conversion...
You're pretty gorgeous.
def heatin it up dj ant on KISS 98.5 right now kid text me @ 98500
Watching my cousins baby while she's in the hospital get better soon faith amaree misses you
I don't have time for your stale smoke-smelling self.
Happy Just Another Day everyone :D
Hahaha the hell is your name
Lol i just had to xD
Great game so far... #GoCougs!
Dear ex best friend's little sister, no, I don't want to talk to you. Thanks again, East campus.
Need somewhere to watch the game tonight? Head on over to the at 8!
Thank you all for the follow!
Jeremy Lin looks fresh with the skinny tie, jacket, and thick rims.
MY BACK ITCH AND I AIN'T GOT NO NAILS...somebody come scratch my back please .....
Well it's official... & I are soon to be college roommates!
people throw rocks at things that shine.
I did the same thing today but with Conan.
Same. I could have bought it with my dad's card, but I didn't want to make him mad even though I'd pay him back.
Me too, THANK YOU for writing that (my eyes got a little misty by the way)! Just RT it :) Thanks for keeping it real!
That's OK. Keeping the ball out of Rodgers' hands.
I'm so taking my top off this weekend.
Thanks for the FF! What a great group! We love our partnerships
Holy shit the Cheetah Girls is on on demand
Thank you very much for the mention!
9 am on a Friday morning reading about quantum physics and parapsychology... I am not normal.
Crazy Town's hit Butterfly was a huge One Hit Wonder in The U.S. in 2001. Its #NowPlaying on Back in the Day Cafe
I didn't capitalize "Target" in a Facebook status, so my phone swore at me, and now the Feds have surrounded my house. Target is gangster.
Hi ariana, how are you today? happy early easter! <3
I hate being sick can someone kick me please
You claim you're a bad bitch. But you have no car, you have no house and you have no job. You're not a bad bitch, you doing bad bitch."
Same here!
: Make the son of a Bircher Koch Brothers
I think I've half convinced my mom to go with me to the next convention. :D
I'd much, much rather deal w/ Ticketmaster if I'm going to get screwed wholesale on fees. They at least can handle high-demand events.
Haha! I didn't say I was buying a jersey and changing my name to Jerry Rice. I've been a Moss fan for quite some time
no not last night, I was working on a scene & some sides
Can't wait to see that!!
the 10 oclock show is completely different than the 6 tip ur waitress
ST Pauly Girl appearance 9pm tonite - DJ Chris Roxx all night long at The Place
Allergy Suffers: Moderate to High levels of tree pollen measured in the #NYC metro area. Take your meds!
LOL no thanks ;)
haha love it!
justin bieber is in the money team lol
Preemptive strike! I like her style.
30 minutes or less with and
Driven by thoughts...no money required! Please join our think tank.
Save water,Drink beer:p
If furniture stores didn't have "going out of business sales," there would be no furniture business! -T
we are following back, hope you have a great night!
The Heat are such drama queens!
Playing the Blues on a bright and sunny day at Universal Studios Orlando
Gee, that was fast. Now there's a sign up at ex-Sil's saying The Drive-Thru is coming in June. Serving... mini doughnuts. And sloppy Joes.
I hope there are cats <3
thank you for the card - Happy Holidays!
severe weather tonite? Hope not till later .
''Don't insult facebook. I'm from facebook''. Jesus..
Let's plan a run sometime! I know, I've never been to SD so it'll be a blast. How long ago did you run it?
Formula for success = show racy screenshots, drive pageviews, organize field trips
hey jim, i'm stuck the same way in denver airport...truly a pain!
I love the sound of the rain coming down...
still finding sand everywhere on you
#TheAwkwardMoment When Your Talking To Someone And They Accidently Spit On You..! LMFAO
Where are the mustangs on Mustang Island?
: He's too adorable!! Can I borrow him for a few days? O:-)
Waiting to see if Women in Film approves my application.
So everybody watching the game I see
I ain't mad at you.
Just got an email that my shipped!!! Yayyyyyyyyyy!
Wrapping up a wonderful visit to #mvpschool for their #SAIS accreditation. Very much enjoyed meeting folks in this wonderful community.
I hear that Pooch Hall is leaving!
Guy on the bus: "how many cops does it take 2 push a guy down the stairs?" me: "idk,1." guy on bus: "nope, none he fell" RT if u get it
I love the show, my favorite is when you go to the old Jails. scares the hell out of me.How about a follow or RT
Not that I have any amount of dislike for or anything, but he's breaking man code and needs to be called out for it
if you want RIBS, you Got it!
Trash city bitch
Ok Everybody , I Got To Leave It Takes Forever To Get A Weave .
WI, remember to #vote today!
Been following U. Loved that clip.Wuz a hoot! Eagles no luck yesterday. Can't do 2morrow. I'm off 2 JEN in New Orleans.
I can't think of any better way to start off my day
Man there sure are a lot more panhandlers in Indy this year than I ever remember...
: Glad to have you back on the show!
thanks for following!
thats so funny :D
We wanna see Lola's jelly bean portrait when it's done!!
From the 1st episode, my suspicion was that Ellis was not being presented as "black" but as "mixed race..."
-Love is one thing,I want the one nd only to tell my from the BOTTOM of his heart nd the TOP of his mind
I have absolutely no clue what you're talking about nor who designated you a Negro spokesperson.
Waking up nest to him is the best. <3
Note to self: when you have a day off, run errands earlier in the day.
no problem! Glad to hear you dig our stuff. Play it loud!!
Thank you for the RT JC. Blessings...
Tarp is off, going to try to finish game. Hokies lead 4-1 and will bat first in the bottom of the 5th. Looking at about a 6:15 start.
Only 7 followers away from #500 !!!!
just finished. I think it went pretty well, but it's always hard for me to judge the usefulness of peer reviews.
Need professional production and lighting for your tour or festival? Contact JSL Productions @ www.JSLPRO.com...huge discounts if new 2 us.
He's just soo pretty ...
Getting stuff ready for tonight
HAHAHAHA RT : Its Candlestick park. Kinda ironic, don't ya think
did someone say gun party?
One too many commas, though.
On this trip to the final four I-10 east right to the heart of the city your fave city, thinking of ya
#SEO #CEO has blocked us! He has 32 followers :( Remember Brafton's 3 D's! #DISCRIMINATE, DON'T #Hire Over 40, & DENIAL!
If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee. - Abraham Lincoln
Cook out for the 4 with the family. I love steak
#oracle if a production app server opens tons of connections doing nothing, waiting 2 determine the prob is not gd 4 customer service
*Bieber* I *don't* have the fever
. is an amazingly courageous heroine. for all females. for all people
A5. Walk away.
Heading downtown to meet MTC for catching up drinks.
One hour 'til Gates Open at the BCA! Get here for Happy Hour and Playoff Hockey.
agreed. Work is best way to learn. Should go back to apprenticeships of 100yrs ago.
just wrapped feature film "Amanda" playing the role of Amanda. The very talented Randy Ryan played the other lead, Joe. Amazing experience.
Every fucking red light -.-
Preach RT I still refuse to sing sweet caroline
Why is it so hard for ESPN to stick with one shot for more than 3 seconds?
Thank you so much for all your support ! Its shows like your that help unsigned gospel artist like us.
My nail polish doe >>>
:) it was awesome! I can't wait to share w/you holly's message this morning. She is so amazing :)
I most definitely texted you last week and got nothing :/
call me bro.
I have the chicken pox :(
Can't stop watching #Grimm. What an incredible show :]]
RT Some ‘mistakes’ are too much fun to make only once.// true
Needs to find my happy place and vacation there for about a week :)
That first cup of Joe ...
make two dreams come true but following me nd 13
u not gunna get punched lol
In a wonderful mood. Woke up pretty early, got coffee, now I'm gonan go take a shower and call Jack. Hope today is good. :)
You're awesome! Is there a place to find out when and where these events happen? Hate missing them
agreed. The heroku stuff was interesting, but I wanted more heroku+play
I went dairy free about a month ago. No more Pinkberry for me :( Grab the mayorship if you haven't already.
going shopping with the boss ;) ->KimBeezy<-
HEY THANKS!
- You're such an Amazing Role Model Tracey - Thank you for being an Outstanding Woman!
Damn it Foxtrot. 3 nights in a row.
You fell asleep?! I missed that!
me too... Ppl need to. Start talking ... Im tired of waiting!!!!
I know, right? Its primary entry point used to be SMS!
Thanks Gina! We look forward to growing our community so that you'll have lots of people to eat with real soon :-)
mate, my wife swears that Viva Ronaldo/John Terry/Da Silva tune is "Pop Goes the World." I'm not convinced. Verdict? Cheers.
i feel so proud i can spell Gloucester ='} i got it on the 1st try..watch its misspelt..lol
Symphony Crack Orchestra "The Addiction" on iTunes! cop it!
so glad to hear this in action! (No surprise.) Remember, "if 1 dog is good, 2 are better..." possibly 3. Paws up!
I like this. RT : EO Wilson: A scientist should think like a poet and act like a bookkeeper.
they probably like you. Lol
On Friday Frankie and I were going to the park and my 19 yr old and his girlfriend came along with my 17 and 15 yr old...Mothers Day for me!
In my past life I may have been a bottle of red wine.
5 Hour Energy = 5 hours of energy. Extra Strength 5 Hour Energy = still just 5 hours of energy?
Have you seen the #creepingsharia tweets? Hilarious!
Lemon Pepper and Fries!!!!
Come see us at the Cincinnati Guitar Show tomorrow night!
We almost missed it ourselves! Were told a different time. It should be up on the site later this afternoon.
Wow. Instagram for Android was downloaded more than 1 million times within 24 hours of its release yesterday. Were you one of them?
Like RT what does that mean (I'm so confused
Success Is my idol
Marriage is a romance in which the hero dies in the first chapter.
It all starts with defense
Thanks guys for the new follows! check us out on facebook over at facebook.com/DrawOneCard. The full EP is streaming as well!
Antyway, gotta go. Have a nice bike ride!
it's hard to know what you're responding to when you reply via txt
all day, erryday.
Voter 375 at Tenney Park Apartments
Good CHRIST, Chuck Todd is bad reading lines into the camera solo.
Sounds like sinus infection=Dr visit
Tell me that you never brake my pretty little heart
7 days of consistancy develops a routine today is the 6th day of doin my 3 miles a day im so proud of myself im so focused :&#41;
So sad - but true :( RT Prevention and Public Health Fund back on the chopping block to pay for #SGR #Docfix?
GOOD JOB #ROLLRUS,
yeah hes a good actor! Pretty cute too! lol!
I'll give you a foot massage
It amazes me on how this woman still loves me! And I love her.Congratulations on your new job Stephanie Renee Caldwell Aka Mama.
MILEY CYRUS
So true! My fav neighborhood spot #northbeach “: I just love drinks and appetizers at - It just never disappoints!”
you are beautiful you <3
Broadcasting a big boys basketball battle between Pompton Lakes and Hawthorne on MSG VARSITY!!!!!!
Talk w/ SOC who studied in Australia prompted desire to have a larger community conversation about race & ethnicity in study abroad programs
I'm only a month in, and still have a LONG way to go, but I am proud of where I am and wanted to share my story and inspire others :)
Friday #MarchMadness > Thursday.
White people: shhh u cant say the "n" word! Black people: what u say u fucking crackar?
Happy Mothers Day!
Absolutely RT Q1: ROI often depends on the client- their expectations define what metrics to use/what defines success.
just the beginning to great summer with my brother and besty!
One of my quotes from my Real Estate 101 workbook. "Id rather regret the things I have done than the things I have not" Lucille Ball
In NYC & gotta sweet tooth? Try Tribeca Treats - $1 frosting shots OR Cupcakes by melissa-bite size servings! Portion Control is KEY
The only problem with words in paintings, is that people read them.
can i get some goodnight mentions
« #brewers prospect p tyler thornburg has 3 mlb ready pitches...says wut he's working on is not letting runners get free bases
Positive Vibes Only !!
Time to hit the mattress..looking forward to my Friday and getting ready for the weekend. Need to walk the Yorkie...have a great Friday!
that's so pimp. :)
Just purchased and downloading now. Thanks Frank!
Drizzzyyyyyy Ah Makes My Night Great To See Him,
Thanks for the celebrity endorsement! RT Great: a 'dry season' line of rain gear.
happy first mother's day!!
Girl's want a lot of things from ONE guy . & Guys want one thing from A LOT of girls.
kool so ur a Yankees fan
#Badgers pride. Your turn, Jordan Taylor. RT : Big news, sneaker fans: signed with Nike.
Oh my goodness , my phone is being so dumb -__-
Waiting to hear talk about artisanal pencil sharpening in Georgetown
he he he. Wanna pen?
Someone thought it would be funny to put a trip wire across my front door. #aprilfools >>> more like
I have the influence to put you in a totally different mindset when you journey with me through a novel. Follow me and see.
you hacked up a lung last week. Same lung or the other one?
“: follow me back please<33(:” followed
That was hands-down one of the best weekends we’ve had in a while. Thanks to all who came out and supported local music!
Amazing game !! Another "W" for the #Browns!
We wanna know... how was your #HCG weight loss this weekend?!?!?
evidence of summer
I will Bieber-stalk people ¬¬ are you very Kloutfluential?
Geek lunch in ABQ today, right?
"Don't be a dabbler. Go for it"
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing Mothers out there!
Get smart about your tags. If have a video about "school" don't tag school, tg "calculus 2" that is more searched
hell yeah! need a break.
stop being annoying
performing art a fashion show memorial day weekend...want yall to come through..keep you posted!
It really was. RT : How wonderful!
Plane rides are so relaxing so
Union prop proposed to raise the CA millionaire tax to 15.5%. At last -- a practical solution to CA's income inequality. Drive out the rich!
Risky move Instacast 2.0, taking a feature away and putting it behind an IAP. Not sure it will pay off.
Before I go to school anybody want my 8900th Tweet?
what do I do
Any advice for a new band starting over, after there singer left them?
what are you guys doing this weekend?
Next time you're looking for a great brunch, hit us up!
There's a girl at my school named Ariana Gomez omfg
Working on the site a little bit at a time! Please stay tuned for daily updates. :)
good and u :)
hahahaha! I luv it! Good strategy :)
sky is limit and you know have what you want if you just keep pressing on.
so do you call her a wocock or a peaman?
Congrats to all the graduates.
Wow! Thx for the awesome RT!
.. grant that I may not so much be understood as to understand-Prayer of #StFrancis My #coaching clients #enrich work, love & health Follow!
Getting my hair done toma.
“: thanks for each day jonas brothers get me a smile ”
Don't even suggest such a thing! I'll be sittin' there watchin' with some popcorn :)
JJ Barea dating ms. universe now, no wonder he tore up the clippers tonite
We rollin', we ridin' He like to go inside and I love to go all night and We rock the boat, Poseidon I love to call your name
Both Playboy and al Qaeda plans come in discreet packaging and apparently were delivered to the same place.
All these haters, see you later.
storms are my fav <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+2614><U+26A1>
Good Afternoon from Dubai, UAE. I've done a 360° around the world in 27 days!
RIP Lorenzen Wright former NBA first round draft pick our prayers go out to his family..
Cool as long as there are no Terminator people created looking like the Former Ca Gov
haha oh i didn't notice ...
idk cause im just leaving emmas now and idk if my momma will let meh
#PRDLA Yuen sees increased use of physical items in special collectoins after those items that have been partially OCRed & posted online.
Filner says his top priority is jobs. The port is being underutilized, he says:
Austin i'm so happy for you! I hope you have the best time in Miami! Good luck! <3
Bdavis to hollins, can't wait for next season. Playoff contnder for sure
I never knew that kissing ur bf is hummiliatimg but u dry hump him in public & key him grope ur ass an boobs smh pointing my eyes to Selena
You can hear the quintet from the Heinz Hall lobby, The Pittsburgh Brass Collective, during intermission on Classical QED 89.3
Iv been up since six with naps in between
lol we have to yo... I hope he has nothing going on... It would be such a diverse display of styles on one track. Something new
thems are good odds!
Thanks Sam!
Hi Kim! Hope you are having a Happy Thanksgiving. As you can probably tell tweeting is new to me!
I haven't heard of that one
And the adventure begins! Only 26 more hours till we're in the holy land
Shaking my head over my cat so all the little tiny hairs go on her. She's pissed.
If your home was built before 1976 make sure to have your ceilings tested by a Certified Asbestos consultant.
Prof Bies: Find the sacred in the ordinary. Whatever it is, there is dignity in that.
I hate ppl who use the # sign in every tweet its annoying as Fuck!
Players must be delicate in how they interact w/ each other, especially in public. The wrong word may destroy confidence.-Phil Jackson
Another talent has been requested to audition for an upcoming Feature Film!! I love it!!
hi To My New Follower
Great! I didn't know that you make it clear it's NOT allowed in your space. I STOPPED in 1979. PEACE
Why bother another stellar of season.
Heading to The Shack, make yer way there and I'm buying!!
Say it ain't so plz say it ain't so...
HAPPY HOLIDAYS TO ALL OUR MERCHANT CIRCLE FRIENDS ! STOP BY SAT/SUN AND RECEIVE SPECIAL DISCOUNT TOWARD NEXT YEARS WATCH BATTERIES,REPAIRS
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake - you can't learn anything from being perfect. - Adam Osborne
John Terry has several screws loose.
i would at least get tickets, in a video, n some damn money lmao
Our first brew is equal parts vodka, cheap beer, and expired orange juice. -JO
basically its the new way to cyber sex and watch people masturbate live
I grew up in Montrose, where Don Coram is from. I don't know how he can look his gay son in the eye. Disgraceful.
I will be first in line to taste some of those delicious c-cakes! :)
You've got to make your free-throws.
YES! I would lurv to. I'm actually going to #mpls the weekend of the 28th. Lets plan a photo adventure if you're around.
RT Thanks! it's just portion control and lots of water.
Sing to the Lord with thanksgiving, make melody to our God on the lyre. Psalm 147:7
Who do you think is a better rapper lyrically or
you retarted today is sundayy ! You busty!
Chris Medina on GMA, an inspirational story.
Send us an email this evening if you have any questions. We just released our latest newsletter with a nice coupon for you.
song is "reason to believe"
Going to to get mahhhh hot chocolate :) <U+2665> (hopefully I won't habitually order a "non-fat latte" by accident again)
RT You know someone means a lot to you when their mood can easily affect yours... :)
Snore. RT : NWS has now issued a Tropical Storm Watch for DC area beginning Saturday afternoon. Potential winds of 45-55 MPH
Why is it that a large majority of people can not talk politics without getting upset and resorting to personal attacks?
Supported local business Scratch Bakery at 4th and Termino. Near LB in the southland? visit & buy something yummy! Cranberry pie tomorrow!
Okay campers, rise and shine! And don't forget your booties cause it's cold out there today
Just came from this play pretty coo
Whats the point of this shit
I know- I'm so thankful!!
Quote from my father, "An Apple a day keeps the Dr away. An Onion a day keeps everybody away.". Thanks Ken Yeakley
Wrapped up a great weekend playing First Note Music Hall in Santa Rosa Beach Florida. It was a blast to say the least. Thx to all who came!
nice meeting you lastnight dude. You playing anywhere this evening?
Almost everything around you is die cut: the gaskets in your engine 2 drink coasters at your favorite restaurant
#thingsthatpissmeoff When websites continually decide to change their set up making me really confused and annoyed.
lol! Morning darling!
Oh the way it used to snow there is a thing of the past for sure! 1970s snow forts were awesome.
Rest in Peach Ms. Houston. I am really in shock right now :'-(
thanks for the plug about my reported commentary. I appreciate it.
What y'all on twitter
Hi , thanks for the mention. I think (based on the article) "computing" would do just fine, no need for #Cloud to be included.
#YEE Austin Mahone accepted my friend request one Facebook! :D
Pretty sure I've stayed at that hotel.
it's more than the do not call, survey fatigue is about every bus + culture org asking ?'s at the locals & online
Just left the gym. Loving it. I see Ms Nicole is following now. Welcome aboard
I'm sorry, does anyone like Mark Sanchez anymore? Any Sanchez lovers out there?
Good. That runner has no affect on the game, considering Brewers can't score 1 run, let alone 2. Get the batter you want.
More cowbell!!
Denver will elect a new mayor tomorrow. What do you think is the biggest issue facing the city?
Rap/hip-hop my junior year of high school>>>>>>
I wanna go to New York tomorrow
shes so cute
The characters actually have distinct personalities. They don't do something stupid every issue. Also the story keeps moving.
Yeah, it's pretty contagious. Which is why I get it every damn year. You have spots on your throat in the back on the sides?
SO TRUE. Way to call out ! How rude!
Wonder how many people will show for spin class today. Usually a full house.
eventually. now that people identify me with that tintin cover, I'll have a hard time not repeating it.
IT FEELS LIKE A LIFETIME!!! hi :)
forever frustrated
good morning everybody
What will you do FOR YOURSELF today?
Got home from practice. Danced so hard, got blisters on our feet.
move ya slow Bitches
Well....all I can say is fuck you Clippers...
Sitting at the eye doctor forever <<<<
sorry bout that. VIP treatment next visit. DM me and well make it right!!!
Support your PDX business community. Come out for the Fremont Festival of Lights Dec. 9th 5-9pm
Having (rights specialist) at NYPL is absolutely essential. Orgs like #AAS3rdcentury could hire lawyers to offer similar services.
its one of the best burgers, imo
"on a scale of 1-Kesha, how hard do you party?" -one of my kids from north allegheny
Birthday shout-out to Kelly Davies, daughter of EOI Owner Jackie Davies, & one of the sweetest people we know! Happy Birthday Kelly!
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help
Next: Clare Richie from up. Discussing what fed TANF cuts could mean to the state budget.
that's what u get for having an iphone!!
": he fucked me up, but that don't mean i can't try again ... im strong enough!"
Love McCarthy's glitter platforms!
Blah on the plane back to Arizona :(((
thanks for the plug!
No shit. He talks like a retarded Frankenstein's Monster. He adds nothing to the broadcast
RT if u follow back
Oh shit. That's what's up!! I'm hungry too!! Lol
Now all the Spurs fans know your full name!!! :)
See our Virtual Tours tab for this Sunday's Open Houses
I leave for Denmark in a month. Whoa.
Let's see if you're a man of your word...done
yea just shut up and get a life
When in doubt, buy the book ahead of time. So bummed!
That is flippin sweet!
Thank you!! So happy you enjoyed it.
& b/c you can do a REAL serious face to our faces w/o smiling neither can I Ctfu
Bethenny frankels husband was not happy to see me on Halloween. They had just come back from their fake trick or treating setup shot. Boo!
When asking your friends to vote for you recipe contest entry, please ask them to LIKE our page as well. Thanks.
Can we buy (e-versions of) little book futures? Like a subscription for what doesn't exist yet?
So glad to hear it - see you next time!
yeah mad props to him. It's just like last game, only him was doing work. Smh Lakers -____-
": "Don't worry I'm just doing ur marketing. Not raising ur kids" #quoteofthenight" Thx I thought it was a decent 1
Ok. Just let me know if you need anything, even if it's cleaning help or whatever.
That moment when the person buying your couch off of craigslist shows up and they're really hot.
I'm Just Emotionaly Frustrated And Emotionally Stressed
where's my puppeteer?
why?! roomies tweetin each other from different rooms!
Awww I remember that picture. Yes, good times! Are you two auditioning for Quartz again?
Productive day <U+263A>
derek zoolander: a model, idiot.
It just feels like the #Kings year. Really pulling for them.
Wow you're so fake
stop thnkn bout em I had to so u got 2
Santa is here in Dark, Milk or White Chocolate & dusted with edible gold for a beautiful, breathtaking finish.
I think has the opposite attitude of Favre and WILL take the next starting Packers QB and help him.
after is done with class and I'm down for whatever y'all want.
your obsessed with Jania.
JPP, easily. RT Tweet & complete this full sentence...The MVP on defense this season was _____!
Love + Trust + Honesty = Long Lasting Relationship.
Am i seeing this right. Is TSC cancelled???
has one of the most beautiful voices
do we really need another show with black people and wolves in it though?
At #orioles funfest. Long lines but I got a free helmet and bobble head
gayla is like holding me hostage and she put a curse on my phone! I tried to answer but the buttons didn't show up and then
What ya getting?
Above & Beyond Party Buses Book your next event in style go ABOVE & BEYOND FOR INFO 720-454-9662
Watching the movie Seven with my mother.
What do you do to recover your lost phone? I have the app "where's my phone". I love it. I've used it to find my phone in my house!
House Hunters!!!!
Panini was so good! What a lunch! Planning beef stroganoff for dinner...
If you're talking behind my back you're in a good position to kiss my ass.
The best thing about 60° weather in January--NO BUGS!!!
In my experience, most profs just want to get thru their subject material w/o attention to larger, versatile skills.
Hey worker bees! #EarthDay tip for today: Save a ton of energy by turning off your computer AND monitor when you leave work for the day.
Quote of the day: "Not everyone will support what you're doing. You just have to think, is it worth the hate??"
Watching hannah Montana the movie
yea if we got wes too so it's cheaper
do what I do, and whine constantly, it actually makes you feel better.
Interview subjects also tend to trust more as the people behind the cameras look like them
Oregon needs to watch these penalties
Psssst...Fashionistas....Be Sure to Follow Your New Favorite Digital Glossy.
Like your "dirty diaper" headline. Thanks.
Knowing that you are one step closer to becoming
if you don't have something in life to be passionate about then you might as well lay down and die ;)
Looking for some soup to warm up your day? La Prima is serving Buttery Squash with apple $3.65 www.wausautogo.com
Rosehaven Production touring in November. First stop. The great state of Mississippi!!!!
Thanks for the prompt call following the auto accident. You've got customers for life.
well.....yeah. But I love LA :( how awesome would it be of they actually got homes here though. That'd be pretty cool.
Chase your dreams and never give up!!!!
im so bored -__- R.E.T.W.E.E.T IF YOU WANT ME TO DO 50 or more confessions (;
what's up buttercup? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Straight up now tell me do you really wanna love me forever oh oh oh or is it just a hit and run...
Lewis got boarded by Doan and busted his face open. Doan tossed, 5 minute major. Lewis put himself in a bad spot but still.
Albuquerque is sure beautiful this time of year. Miss San Diego, but love my new/old home.
We have 3 locations in the DMV area. H Street NE, Friendship Heights and Bethesda. (cc )
you guys are gonna get blown away with PE's new stuff. pics coming soon!
Current bid is $700, do I hear $800?
"Q: Can you go to jail for this app? A: Absolutely!" Hahaha! OH weekend #TSW2012 via Easy Raffle
The Medieval Faire in Norman this weekend! Love their disclaimer: "Firearms not permitted. Blades must be kept sheathed and peace-tied."
I don't want to live in the reality that I'm in now. I hate that money is the center of everything.... SUCKS! i want my 40hours a week back.
A vigorous #5milerun will do more for an unhappy adult than all the medicine & psychology in the world. - Paul Dudley White
digital humanist nerdfighters FTW!!
Up and at em. Last day of the week
I'm gonna become a Hippie . Just for the hell of it .
I don't hate black people cause they're black. I hate them because they think I hate them cause they're black.
So don't change accts., just delete the joke acct. and let the current acct. take its handle.
At the Southwest District Council mtg. Great discussion about zoning & development issues Talking about channelization and Rapid Ride now.
Hey Ben, I just e-mailed you about being a guest on our movie podcast this week. We'd love to have you on!
Our time is so specialised that we have people who know more and more or less and less. - Alvar Aalto
Are u planning a mobile sbx exhibit?
#vsa2011 Tip #2 from Three Methods Workshop: Keep a journal (or for techies like me a google doc or wiki) of what works for your institution
#17 i really miss my friends from my private school :(
Agree! We were approached for a great opportunity near a ballpark. Details soon.
On my next tweet can you guys and girls help me out. Please Like, comment, and sub to the official MiRL youtube! Thanks....!
YES! I LOVE TORRES! <3 #football #soccer #i'mamerican
Let me hold you for a moment, it feels right, don't it?
What's this tent business? INSIST on trailer homes instead Tents are disposable shelters, trailers are real living spaces
one direction are flawless homos
honestly so am I lol
Teen Spirit playing at Gen X forum. Amazing. Its not enough to have cool parties at night and whisper during the day
US Debt Crisis is our greatest security risk.BO has NO plan. His 10 year plan rejected 414-0 in US House because it had no solution.
// That's 8 words out of our 31 word mission statement. Thanks for posting!
I'm inadvertently wearing Ohio st colors - ew ew ew.
good morning my friend.. game is at 7:30 pm my time. I don't know what time that is on your side if the world LOL
Learning how to use twitter for a valuable business tool, woo hoo
Apparently all that Bain experience means something. He's made a stock go up without even trying.
A little brunch, then watch tha brewers feast on tha Astros, for the sweep
Nope, he's still kickin
Where is the world's largest cinco party held & what is it called? Answer first and nab a spot at our Mexican cooking class on Wed. for $20
Seeing one of my favorite bands on the planet. Right now. Hell yeah
"I am responsible for what I speak, not for what you understand".
hm u couldn't have seen Trey tweet this pic yesterday sendin massive floods up & down twitter
Congrats to UK, EKU and Transy for big wins last night!
follow me follow me u are my favorite actor !!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks for the love!
u gotta stop doing that b4 you make friends w/ a murderer!
please follow me(:
Wouldn't it be great to collect recollections/trinkets/photos from Texans about #PresLBJ? We could develop a web exhibit.
Best advice from my #wharton #entrepreneurship professor, "need to become impervious to the word NO"
High of 86 tomorrow...wear your clam diggers!
Prom on Saturday. Talladega on Sunday. Best weekend ever.
fingers crossed!
Yeah, I'd be playing Jesus. No lie...it's Jay Roach film.
Took a look at your blog and enjoyed getting to know you a little. Well done.
Sun Belt announces Texas State as official member.
& Another One On Saturday
MS Lawmaker Andy Gipson should be the one put to death
surgery on wednesday bro bro
good luck! You'll do great! :)
Oh hi Allen
In theory, I like sharks. But I suspect that one or more of them could damage a camera!
hopefully soon please!?
I was really excited there for a minute...but that's sweet too I guess
We sure are! Our Operation Rebound injured military personnel can't wait to ride!
my uncle is telling my dad that i refused to do my work he wouldnt help me i did it &i got it wrong now hes lieing to my dad
Whaddup Jasmine, hit me up ASAP. Need to wrap to you about something. Gonna send you a message on FB
Thanks, Aaron!
Everyone at #shalerhighschool, let's rainbow it out tomorrow.
Thanks! Her dad always wanted to be a dealer so he can live vicariously through her! :)
It's official: Mark Ruffalo is my favorite Hulk ever. *swoons*
Everyone follow my instagram my usernames collerrblhynd DO IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!XD
we know it comes out different when he speaks in English, read his Tweets. I believe Ozzie. Ppl. Need to forgive
Thanks again for the RT
last day of school :D
My dad is a bitch. Seriously, he needs to fuck himself
how many awards have been televised so far
Sprit of Excellence Health Fair !!
On my way home so tired
Hope we get to meet at BAS meeting tonight. I saw part of your talk today in Scars but was in and out with the baby.
leave drake out of that aleck!! Lol
That's not a phone it's a tablet.
Our herbal line for the Winter season has arrived and we are all sipping on some peppermint chamomile blends. Come join us!
We're very glad you enjoyed our tweets :)
You made the worst decission today
Looking to end the week on a high note. Lots of work ahead ready for the challenge!
Jay-Z & Kanye West- Niggas In Paris
Yes. My first question for you: Anyone out there who thought SuPo race would be handily in Kloppenburg's favor?
still do. Yessir
did you watch it?
video games or baseball field
Bitch Dat Ass Clap
you sound very interesting. get in here!
sent a package of what I got each of u for xmas
praying for you & your family.
It's like I work with cartoon charactors so it's pretty awesome! :P Do you not like yours?
honestly I just can't wait til memorial day weekend
C: What's that on your foot? Did you cut it? J: That's probably chocolate. [Rubs it off with other foot.] Yup. C: I hate you so much.
I will not be Patty.
really b**** i might only be 120 but i can still kick your a** ...
shit was tryna see if mf's was tryna get a session
I think I might be in the mood to lose some followers tonight ... anybody up for being evil and subversive tonight?
#RajonRondo suspended??? SAY iT AiNT SO !
i see as rookie of the year. Definitely will be shocking alot of people
Apple Says Former CEO Steve Jobs Dies. Rest in peace Steve Jobs!
Goodnight twitter
#UNM just graduated a Christina Applegate. Or was it Sue Ellen Crandell? I wish it were Sue Ellen Crandell.
Thank you to all our wonderful follows who represent our many lines of products!
idk dawg im trying to figure things out im coming sometime this summer
The team will be at RUSH Gym tmw from 2-6pm for a fun #SpinandSampling event! Hope to see you all there!
for a while
That's really lovely... :)
Sounds like you've got a hard core productive day!
kielaa on one !
That awkward moment when you're writting to someone but you forgot how to spell a word so you change the whole sentence to avoid the word
Attention Service Animal Owners! Have you been denied access to a public place in Canada or USA? Contact us - we can help!
well will get info and keep you posted though i fell Kenya has already done this training
I hashtag Blockheads and stalks me...how does she find me!?
#mattarnold to #mcfarland @ #lpr2011 - #weinberger principles not being followed - mission scope creep occurs left and right but no funding.
Ready for Valentines Day with dailies?
Please work quickly, coffee. Mommy is tired and Robbie is not.
Miami's not the same without my brothers and ..
I'm always hungry...and I have more snack food coming from Amazon for my snack drawer today
Budgets are tight for most universities and individual travel is costly, #EdUSA can assist through online or technological ways
- Welcome JG! Impressive! Dr and graphic artist! My son Mat would love that! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Get my hair done Friday , thank god . Tshh !
It's easy to love your friends and family. Go love the unlovable, the undesirable or the one who slighted and hurt you. Now THAT'S love!!
Just got home from school
Yogurt v so good
Need a room for Thursday evening at the ? Get one for just $99 by mentioning the Holiday Gala while making your reservation!
Thank you! It's insanely long. :) What's new? Have you been running?
Hopefully that's a good thing, haha.
What i would do for some taco bell right now.
Colts remove Peyton Manning&#39;s banner at Indianapolis stadium
Valentines day will be spent punishing #NOOBS on the with !
Sad RT : GOODBYE -Adios- Auf Wiedersehen & Au Revoir. Our Art Knowledge News art magazine is closing forever on April 15th
when can I buy tickets? It's like 'Tom & Jerry - the day after'
good guess, but it's Woodland Hills.
You are amazing for trying to help us!!!!! Thank you: )
broken yolk...?
FOLLOW WE BACK:) 11
I wanna wear you like a hockey mask
Why did the chicken cross the road? COLONEL SANDERS Did I miss one?
no I'm going to stay home and try to get some laundry done and pack a little.
Some days writing becomes instinct no analysis just go > f spelling LOVE the state, does social media play into this? no,except the Tweets
Thx. Looking forward to reading it!
So fun having and in studio today! It was fun watching their parents too! :-)
At Maxie's near Johns Hopkins w doing an interview for
$65 for 2 movers and a 26-foot truck.10 Free Wardrobe Boxes and Wrapping.B,Licensed&Insured Movers. Student,Military,Senior Discount - 5%
Happy 21st Chris Kreider! Wow that's crazy
Please let it be episode 6!
We're at one of those fashion parties where there is food but no one is eating it...except us! No one is too chic for a cupcake!
15 days to go...
Everything is kosher! Lol. Weather is almost as good as Vegas'. RT : Things are good :) how's that down south life?
Tonight!!! #Wrestlemania28 Live from the M-I-A!!! The Rock vs John Cena!!! #TeamBringIt or #Cenation What team are you? I'm
Wade calls injury &#39;best-case scenario&#39;
But is a regular/fanatic visitor more likely to linger on your website? Few of our on-site peeps visit online.
": dear fans...beliebers...you know u sexy right? that's why i f@#$s with u :)"hes talking about (;
...and honestly , I just paid over $300 through your fan club for tickets in Row 9. You have GOT to be kidding me!!!!
great profile pic!!
The 2012 is coming soon. That's what May brings to the party!
My body is aching!!!!!! I need a massage!!!
. Have you tried their new release of 2011 Unoaked Chardonnay? Delicious! cc:
Jobless claims recently took a dive but hrjobboard.com are still getting job postings from employers. Visit us today at www.hrjobboard.com
SINGIN THE BEST SONG EVER
I am so glad 2morrow is Friday..but then again who isn't? :P
RT : Your inner intelligence is the ultimate & supreme genius & mirrors the wisdom of the universe
happens to the best of us.
Hehe, I dabble. What about you, Mr. 57 Klout score? :) Impressive stuff. Do you have any gigs coming up?
Thank you for the retweet!
club YOLO must have been too much fun for you to handle
Lol it needs to go down! RT : do I sense an Ambrose evacuation coming?
Not sure what you mean, but it's course. Kinkier than mine, but def manageable if my niece learns.
I'm gonna use that the next time someone asks me why I don't have kids, yet. Thanks!
Can read about this from poly scientists Hacker, Pierson in book "Winner Take All Politics"
Merry Christmas...ONE WISH is playing in my household..hugs to all!!
Cheerleaders popcorn >>>>
Knew it was going to happen, would have been wrong it it didn't! nice Harts...
ugh worst headache ever! so ready to go home and crash
Tweeting to me is kind of like talkin to urself lol #truth #Respect #
Every setback life throws at us, teaches us a lesson <3. Have a fabulous sleep and stay true to yourself.
Seems like a Christmas sock kind of day.
Well said!RT : Anyone can be happy and bubbly when winning &amp; everyone kisses your ass but true character is shown in defeat.
"Almost like magic, apology has the power to repair harm, mend relationships, soothe wounds, and heal broken hearts." The Power of Apology
Jamming some CCR and drinking by the pool!
Whats a "Luck of the Irish" Shake? Guiness Ice Cream, donuts, cappuccino almonds & all-natural green food coloring. Come and get em'!
Hm. Just like old times? Pretty much.
Gotta love the Five Guys. Great peanut oil-infused french fries
Tweet up! That's the day before my bday, came on!
I'm doing good :)
I keep meaning to follow up w/you - are you free in the near future to grab coffee and chat social? I know you've been super busy!
Masquerade Ball 2 | Noche de Pecados 2| BiGGie's Birthday Bash! Hope everyone is ready for tonight, because I am, See u there!
those were the times. and remember when we were in art that one day singing Beautiful Girls? then derrick got bitch slapped?
Marilyn and I will be at today. Looking forward to some good conversations. - Jessica
Having fun not doing APES work. Currently listening to two kids debating Captain America vs. Thor.
is it too early in the day to be thinking about it?
But the parity!!..haha..
Tribute, #TenaciousD game set match
We have tonight to share the T!
eggs and toast . :o
After a year of research, debating, looking at pics, watching Youtube videos, I know I'm ready to go
follow back hoe! :)
& what? No UFC tweets tonight?
Mondays can hurt. We'll help you with happy hour wine and beer specials starting now!
Thats just a negro people problem. lol Had me cracking up...
Take time to thank your audience and celebrate victories. Talk about your victory and show that you're making progress
": well you can pick up a few pounds and still be good... :)"girl if u see my booty I need to stop lol
My heart and prayers are extended to the Chimbarozo family. Seven of them died on the Indiana Toll Road on their way to a funeral.
Brazilian Wavy.
Update on Crash on I-84 EB: Only the left hand lane is getting by just prior to 181st- traffic backed up past 122nd
Josh turner..guh love his voice!!
companies named after schoolyard games do seem to do well!
Increasing income taxes, in an attempt to attack those who are wealthy, is like trying to starve out the owner of the farm.
go chrissie! and Mandy: ha ha ha! Lift heavy!
140 Characters just isn't enough this morning.
haha Mrs Martin might be able to whip some up Brown
Ladiess!!!! Dnt get mad when a niggh come at yu on sum shiit... blame it on the real hoez who give the female population a bad name... 101
She said she was bout to turn up
Apparently BigFoot's name is Larry.
Follow Me Please
My brother swears by Smashburger. I've been away at school, but we just got one in my area and I need to go
We were talking about China in World History today, & all I could think of was songs from Mulan c:
Q4) brainstorming new ideas for learning and seeing others use those ideas successfully later..
Thanks to everyone for coming to see last night! Have a safe #Easter break!
Univ. of Chicago study: Los Angeles area "second most corrupt region in the US". What? We lost to Chicago?
Nothing to do , nothing on tv , no company , & bored. Soo you kno what that means , time to watch a movie , by myself -_-
At an audition for a job that shoots Jan. 20 Really? Don't they know how different we could look by then?
I MISS PRETTY LITTL LIARS I CNT WAIT UNTILL OCTOBER LET A LONE JANUARY!!!!!! <33333
Pence might be the worse fielder we have seen in a while. Good guy and I like him a lot but terrible in the outfield.
did you tell mom what time to pick us up?
Its gonna start raining any second. If i get rained on...im punching my dad.
can you please care to tell us what the title of your new tv show might be??? please for a fan? :D
All Day Permit Center?
all of you add me on facebook!!
i would want to be the ultimate hall of famer,never had the big fat paycheck but helped the team to 3 or 4 SB's.that's just me
Android and iOS apps now published. But keeping all mum. Ah, enterprise politics.
I've said that! Then I removed the spider. cc:
And to those who have their siblings alive today, please... all I ask is for your to value your time with them. Some of us were not so lucky
#NW married with children
At a biz conference so #FF short this week...
awe :( that sucks lol
. -- appealing to today's modern youth MT : Dumanis shooting video for dinner. script includes word "wisenheimer."
so your a model?
That pic of your BBQ pit is getting me hungry. And I just ate! Nice, real nice.
Thanks... We'll see about that :) in the meantime, ROCK CHALK JAYHAWK! :)
LOL, LOVE IT, and we were waiting for a good story RT : Q7 That Reagan blog title was a joke.
Couldn't agree more. Happy to see him get the payoff and recognition he deserves.
HAHAHA! Your way with words never ceases to impress. :)
Thanx bro, you are right.
Your hair looks good!
break a leg!
Now accepting beta clients for Version .1 Release of our ProdigyApps. 50% off of our normal price with a nominal monthly fee. tweet us!
- Glad to be aboard captain!
Some of my favorite lol Gavin DeGraw- Not over you, The Script- Nothing
Open today til 7pm. 2 for 1 burgers and happy hour all day! Happy 4th be safe
Your own fault lol
“: haha they were literally the coolest pair I've ever seen!”< #cockysox hahaha get ya a pair
Going to the fair.
me? why?
You're welcome.
hah yeah right im not going back to studyhall
New phone. <3
i dont want go back to school :(
Send it to me direct and I will fix it in the system for you. Thanks! -T.J.
Thanks :) I hope so...it's a long shot so we'll see
Go to bed then!
Also, it's going to be weird having most of you read my tweets a couple of hours after I post them since it's like 2 am for you right now.
Happy mothers day Mommadukes :) I love you so much<3
Samadhi just told me that he wants to be a time traveller when he grows up.
Too bad. US lacked consistency to beat Brazil after beating Spain. Still, glad they played well. Great game US!
How many passengers can you cart around safely?
followed you, can you follow me please? :)
Have to say, the floats in this years Rose parade are just amazing!
Houston :) you ?
#Trivia: the Latin word for brewmaster is braxtor!
Just landed in NYC with !
Just arrived at Fox 6 wakeup. Waiting in the atrium
but y'all should've swept them if they sucked that bad
cheer up prince
Love Anderson cooper and Kathy Griffin on #NYE!!
haha, aw- I miss drew! His dad is hot!
#4 People expect to work, learn, socialize, and play whenever and where ever
Hey. Follow back please? (:
is a live in walking PETA ad for those sad animal commercials.. I <3 animals more than ever now :)
Ke$ha Cleaned Up Her Act: Ke$ha wore a black-and-gold dress to the 60th annual BMI Pop Music Awards in Beverly Hill...
Hi Debra, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
He was out on bond awaiting trial for the first incident. Unfortunately.
Thanks! I found it. Now I just need to cook it! haha
follow me back this is desmond
#josh Hamilton y wasn't he in home run Derby
haha yes it has zach braff from scrubs in it, and natalie portman. why?
Social Media & Video Marketing Trainer / Speaker / Consultant
Thank you all for the laughs and the tears. Bravo.
Not just Bill, everyone. No fear, that one! RT I love how handles
yay the judges stood for hollie <3 I love her
Aw thank you Suhyla
WHAT IS AIR? IM LEAVING TO SEE TRS IN 5 HOURS
I totally agree. Go Rox
#dropquest has stolen my soul. I can't stop. But I must step away from the computer for a while
Ringling Museum- what a fabulous place!!
Currently taking a dump. Comments/Questions/Concerns?
Allegro is heading down to the Wheeling Arts Fest today at noon to perform. Suprises will be revealed !! :)
Somebody call me b fo I go to sleep
Thanks for the wonderful Mother's Day wishes, , the nicest guy in the twitterverse. Hope you & your family had a great day, too!
You do anything fun this weekend?
Beautiful & moving. RT I am an undocumented immigrant. Read about it in : ow.ly/5nF2m
Words you don't want to EVER ask, "HOW DID HE GET IT SO FAR UP HIS NOSE?!"
Just got back from my romantic cruise with it was
Right back at cha, cowboy.
Last full day of high school. Ever.
So far this is kind of a horrible episode. :/
Totally stole that for my facebook status <21
": This nite is super weak! Line been dead since yester-year...SMH"<=cuz uon fucks wit a ninja no mo smh
Im going to go to one mall where is performing and drop a picture in front of him so he will take me to the movies :)
INSANE! This thing is so cool!
mall c:
alpha step... Omega step..... You got that smart and sexy
RT : I like your last name...:) ~ LOL! I wonder why ;) Wishing you a fabulous day!!!
Good start :D
Please do. We'll make one extra cheesy for ya!
watching tv....wats twitter for?
I need to start not following celebrities unless I know them, they just think I'm another fan.
I distrust camels, and anyone else who can go a week without a drink
It was a student film.
no actually only on my phone lol
omg no come to Antarctica.
Another hallmark of successful weight maintenance, according to the University of Pittsburgh study, is regularly counting calories.
glad you love coffee! Will bring back Ethiopian beans! does she drink buna (ethiopian name for coffee).
I saw a horse in person once. #IRanFaMyLife!
hahahahaha. Made my day.
That's a good point, you don't want to be the team that inspires him. Would NOH throw in that Minnesota pick this year as well?
Miss Saturdays at ! Kids miss the open skates and even more ice up here there is less open ice time!
I'm going to Jacksonville to see Giants play preseason game.its August 10th I think
American Dad ^_^
Damn straight! And we were so skeptical
do u know how jealous i am
Storms moving through right now. We have the latest on 7News at 6:00.
I'll be there for the high school band camp! Can't wait to be a part of the #AOB! got one more year! I love you TSU!
The Don't Ask-Don't Tell Policy is still in play- ---in the Ethics Rules in Congress
Theres nothing i hate more than the anoyance of an over obsessive boyfriend. I need some space in a relationship. Dang.
*Yells* Nothing!
I want sum icecream
I refuse to give you pictures of me urinating because 1) the pictures don't and should never exist and 2) I'll be naked
:) i have a blue you might like too i'll bring it tonight
you have to message me to win! please hit me up
wud up girl?
had a mitch buchannon lifeguard-esqe moment in the shower as the #baywatch theme played...
Don't forget Better Book Sale Today at OCC Library!
Thank you =]
Thanksgiving is tomorrow , so I'd like to say that I'm thankful for for always staying true to himself & his fans <3
what. we have to work today?
just got threw watching The Pharcyde - Drop video bout 5 times, ThatZ a trip out video. I remember when i bought the tape back in the days
damn news to me up here we gets it in as long as your shit ain't smelling like a garbage can & neatly groomed
1939: Rookie Ted Williams debuts as BOS loses to the NYY 2-0.It's the only game in which Williams &Gehrig ever appear together
#hth2012 interesting integration of game-play and teaching. one of the first examples I've seen where this actually looks fun
Hey! Thanks for the mentions. Good to hear from you!
I mean I'm not gonna fight for him.. Ha! I think you could get him ;)
ha ha yesir!! I gotcha homie
ha wow ghetto booty lol the things you see on that game priceless
Griffin Museum FOCUS AWARDS were announced today They will be featured during Boston's FLASH FORWARD festival 6 June 2012 They got me as MC
Zumba, baby!! RT : Retweet this if you started your week with a workout!
Follow and you could be lucky to win a ticket.. Now!
Lmao this nigga like nasty stuff, who eats those boah ?!
We see Maude Flander's last appearance on The Simpsons tonight at 5, tune in with us!
Good to know. Taking notes for our summer road trip.
I don't know about Israel but Jeffrey Goldberg is.
In upcoming weeks I will write about what happened to me, hoping they will guide others in some way. A first post in the morning, hopefully.
great #ihsmdc event tonight!! really enjoyed hearing from so many interesting people. well done and thank you for organizing!
Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't going away. ~ Elvis Presley
you knew that also hates ketchup, right? like, with a passion? ketchup and windchimes: scourges of civil society.
hmm hmm hmm my vote is all of em, but if i had to choose i'd say "John Stokedton"
An overuse of the word "seriously" tells us to never take you seriously.
#techraking starting here at Googleplex. Great investigative journalists and tech folks in one room
I am, too! Dagnabit. God, I can't handle being trapped in a tiny space with so much awkward facial hair.
Can't wait for dancing piece to air at 6:50 this morning! I've seen it and its awesome!
2k not trynna give me my wins. I think i hit the limit
Burning up.
I don't know why I believed you again .
This excel document has a lot of blue lines in it. I see orange stripes whenever I close my eyes.
That's fine, you gave me a bad rep. anyways.
Next Tuesday I will be performing at Piano Bar in Hollywood 10pm...Who's coming?
There are so many great heatseeking artists right now.
love the concept of your twitter page; makes me lol :)
this would be good on a t IT'S ALL ABOUT THE BBN! Would love to have one with that on it
Excited to be in San Diego playing tourist.
Hugging my turtle so tight! :3
Rumor has it that there is a building leaning on Devonshire St Boston. Just a rumor.
Unlike some other people, I don't sleep with everyone I make eye contact with.
I'm Looking For Interns In Atlanta, To Attend & Assist Me In Local Events. You MUST Have Your Own Car & Have People Skills! DM Me.
I need there to be at least 3 more Wednesdays to get all my work done. Holy cow.
thanks for the input! I'm thinking Canon...
On a very crowded cross town bus w/Kip who sounds like I am torturing him....
If you think I disagree with that, you don't know ME
#3wordstodescribeme Anti-Abductions Experts.. Check out our site at www.nationaldt.com
oh, so I kept trying and eventually I got one in section 4 which is in the middle! and in row B, which is near the front!
Wow..#williamshatner is trending..Did he kill another wife? Sorry..but he did..C'mon..we all know it!
Any observations on Windows 7 yet? I need a new laptop.
Great idea! But that requires me getting out of bed right now. That's asking a lot ... :) I'll do it tomorrow!
how was the show this weekend?
thnx for the cell phone drive shout out. Are you going to tomorrow?
Finally back in
fire those cameras up.
try to stick to crime on other one. Figure those followers wouldn't like my Bmore smack talk.
i'm not following anyone that has if that's what you're looking for lol
Watching "Game of Bones"
vever gonna give you up, Rick Astley
2 more weeks til the last day of school!
#Pittsburgh, Text all your Computer Questions to us....412-875-8340....We respond to all text messages every half hour during business hours
":Never leave something good to find something better, because once you realize you had the best, the best has found better"
: ii have been following you for over 2 years . can you follow me back ? RT this !
3 More Day Justin Bieber til Mistletoe. So Happy. xD
haha :) I really enjoy saying #swaggie (:
C'mon Nix!!
Bitch swear she bad fix ya tracks! Smfh
How do you feel in Monday evening?.
"Life is a sum of all our choices. Choose well!!!!
#tebowtime let's go
great highlights, definitely aggregate these afterward
great, thought-provoking piece. Even so, I'll still go running and screaming from the subject like I did in high school.
We applied about two weeks ago. SAG-AFTRA will notify you of approval about 1 wk before your scheduled SHOOT DATE.
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
Oh no - excuse me mister opposing baseball player. Wouldn't want to unfairly impede your path to the ball! That would be rude!
This cafeteria feels like a ice box
My skins not going to turn green... <3
Your tulips look very pleased with themselves! Thanks for shopping with AmazonFresh.
He wants this class to be discussion and film based, not anymore listening to a 70 yr old lecture for 2 hrs straight
hm Its Really H.O.T !! DAYUMM
Central Australian Walibri men from different tribes greet each other by shaking penises on ceremonial occasions.
As he should be. Love the Fridge forever.
how are you doing?
My Great Grandma Emma is not doing well, might be headed out to Long Beach CA to visit her tomorrow or the next.
I just spent SO much time doing something ridiculous... and YET, I feel quite accomplished. ^.^
Yeah LOL ! Has Landon Gotten home yet ?
A man never likes you so well as when he leaves your company liking himself.
thank ya thank ya! My bday was amazing! :-) Muah!
My heat lost last night saw a lot of problems n dem shyty ass refs was the main one O well
waiting for a follow back ?
DM'ing you!
Whoever is watching h20 and suit life of Zach and Cody on my Netflix needs to stop *cough cough and
Teacher:"Sit uo front." Me: "B*tch , i sit in the back for a reason. I dont want to see your ugly face in HD."
:>) thanks for the repeat business. we'll get this shipped 1st thing monday!
anyone who will listen I am really interested in substance abuse services provided/funded by the cityI have some leads can you help
Yep. That was at the Vet. The drunk said "F*ck LT!" and then threw a beer at my #56. What could I do. I was 15!
It's people like you that inspire me , social media really does give wings to learning, both for students and teachers!
what kind of bowl? :D
PlayStation had a dashboard?!?
I dont know every year new state makes regents exams and we take them at the end of the year
No Problem! Stay tuned! We're sure to post a lot of great information that you will be interested in!
My culinary tour of SF is over but delicious memories live on thanks to WaterBar, Zero Zero, Cotogna, Gitane, RN74 & Cowgirl Sidekick.
Follow-----> to gain more followers
oh crap! thanks for pointing it out man
tweets arent meant to be personal. but sumtimes it just happens
Just can't do it maybe because I'm a batman fan
Damn! Great job ! Thank you for including badass female fighters.
may have just gotten your wish!!! too early though
#Hugo is an amazing cinematic adventure! Watch for technical Oscar nods! Young actor Asa Butterfield gives an Oscar-worthy perf.! MUST SEE
at least u have some awesome company! Hope you're hanging in there and kicking butt ;)
I'm not a Player, I just Crush alot.
He thrives emotionally, spiritually and physically in a loving atmosphere. Creating a tranquil, harmonious home is in your power.
Don't miss out! RT The #IceBergHunt is coming! Follow next Tues to get clues on how to win a #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition ticket
Whenever I wear long skirts, I feel like Phoebe from Friends (:
it's quite warm over here, today ;-)
Haha!!!!! Also and on youtube before the ppv starts.
Really enjoyed the Easter church service at Celebration Church. "Jesus is a miracle worker!"
I want my bed, but this bitch is on some bull so fuck her.
Where are you commenting? Can't see that...
To cover up chipped polish fast,swipe on a top coat with chunky glitter. The bling will camouflage any bare spots!
Romans 8:34 "Christ Jesus is the one who died... who was raised–who is at the right hand of God, who indeed is interceding for us."
Thanks for the congrats.
In pre-production on the short film, "Table for Two". Shooting in L.A. March 5 & 6. More soon....
Let's turn a new leaf swoosh
#ofcourse they're perfect, but with David they're perfect too¡ ;)
lol ok I believe you.
Sometimes, it takes a good fall to really know where we stand.
On this Easter Sunday, perhaps the Kraken Sour is appropriate? (Kraken Black Spiced Rum, lemon juice, egg white) We're open at 5pm!
With #Dodgers #Rockies and #Astros coming to town, #Brewers had to be thinking better than a 5-4 homestand.
Dear Dominoes Your new Parmesan Bread Bites taste great when I'm drunk and are nit even that bad when I threw them up.
I like Aaron he cracks me up and I'd probably be running away like he always does too! haha
At and i'm the only one! Come on people! USA!
that is an interesting questions.
I'm giving up being a negligent tweeter for lent! Here's to more tweeting in 2012 :)
RT @ chrispirillo My heart has a neon OPEN sign. Know any Seattle-area, single, cute women who are up for "Costco Hot Dog" dates? Email me.
At muh house.
Will be signing at Mysterious Galaxy @ 10 am!
Theirs No Substitute In The Truth
Live in the NOW! Enjoy every second life has to offer you! If you're unhappy, find what makes you happy and go for it! 26Jewels
At the Workshop Uniting the Californias. Doctoral Consortium is kicking off.
B- in sociology -.- not what I expected..
What is it?
Consider a career in federal consulting. Attend the Deloitte Consulting Undergraduate Info Session tonight from 5-6:30pm in MGC 200.
well she was definitely the birth of you
I love the Lakers but when it comes to Thunders I gotta root for my home town
Thanks Peter.
Thank u to the ppl who follow. Now I have to go to school but don't want to
what's good son? Im heading back to the mil tonight. We gonna have to meet up one of these days n blow some
We are excited to announce that our new sports talk show "Sports Chat Live" will debut on March 15 at 10pm CT on
Obey a natural law: keep thinking objective.
listen up little lady, theres a kickback in my area, skaters&ballers jerkin, see dat hysteria, red cup in ya hand, they leavin you stayin
Go for me!
No. What's tumblr?
indeed. Jazz going to make it a rough game
Happy Labor Day!
AW BBY what happened to your car?
WELCOME TO TWITTER HOT STUFF!! ;)
RT : Imagining if we'd had smart phones in Srebrenica. In Rwanda. In Hama '82. In Grozny.
Did you catch any or was it a typical fishing trip for you?
Rt Looking forward 2the webinar this afternoon on Student Parents&
The Marina = SF's best kept secret. Castro = dead to me.
the Syrian Civil War is an excellent example of how the intersection between politics and ethics can lead to increased chaos.
Glad your healing well!!
Can honestly say, I'm tired of the fighting.. <U+E40E>
I'll have to check on that! :-)
same here. I get confused & frustrated when free. I try to remember that yoga makes me feel good.
Some girls should just eat makeup so they can be pretty on the inside.
Rehearsal with SNR in advance of the performance at Woodland Pattern. Feels like we are very much in sync - excited for Sunday night....
1 of best 2011 anthro moments: George Marcus recommends Jim Faubion's new book in Cult Anth, w.warning: intellectual price of admission high
For the next 8 hours swing by Rockabillies Bar and get the deal shown here: FREE DRINK Service Industry Sunday
BTW Fantasy Baseball note: I am an idiot for dropping Jake Peavy before the season... Thought I had too many old guys (Santana and Bedard)
you aren't going?
Watching Jeepers Creepers!
going to purchase a saber tooth so I can sink some putts from Downtown!!
plz add me or thnk you and i will add u back too!!!!!!!
Wednesday Night at the Q is happening tonight! 6pm @ QBar REMINDER DRINK RESPONSIBLY. PLEASE!!! We want everyone to have a fun SAFE night!
you confuse abiding by rules with accepting that bad rules should simply be accepted & not improved. cc
": I want someone to be afraid to lose me."Y?
Already Did Boss (Italian Voice)
I'd rather read that than the original. It's been stating me down all week. Friggin' Joyce.
Bahahaha! *side-eye* I hate people. LOL --> ": I am looking at a twitter bio that reads "i love drawing and wrighting storys ""
Hm I think your twitter was hacked again
Good morning and hello to the readers in Honduras...:)
Good Lord! It will be in the low 80F here today.
Kiss me, I'm Irish ;)
can we get a gif of that Z-bo intense clapping?
Having Hannah Montana songs stuck in your head while you're trying to learn conics<<<<<
Anyone know how to view #LostChristmas in the US? BBC player doesn't like Americans..... apparently. >.<
Aw shucks. Welcome to the table.
Back in 305 with
The last few days have been a bluuuurrr..just workin and playing my Tennis. It takes all I have to keep life going these days.Respect masses
Just took #winning to a whole 'nother level.
On week 3 of P90X - that shit works girl!
": $10 FOR THIS BANANA NUT BREAD BEER, AND THIS SHIT IS GROSS" banana anything is gross.. I would prolly puke if I drank that.
that's weird to me. Turkeys are huge! Will that fit?
Pinot was fine but I prefer red too. Love Malbec from Argentina. How's it going in your neck of the woods? :)
Thanks for the mention ... hope all is well!
Thanks for giving our takeout & delivery service a try :)
Thanks for the follow my man, saw your work on #Vimeo, very impressive.
Bout to go get sumthin to eat. Gotta wake up
RT : for a day of startup essentials
How was the antique venture? Pick up anything good?
right mme to
What if you don't? Many people trying to find out what they do and what they don't, instead of DOING
hahahahaha, that's fantastic.
Let me be the one you call when you tryna be a freak <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
it's heavy when people tell you that people are having 50 person meetings about you
I'd rather act as if I'm 14 than have a 14-year old's attempt at facial hair. Um. Yeah.
Me too. I stopped clicking the links because of it.
At a kfc that plays nothing but trance music in the background?!?
#Boston PD is the 4th most trending!!! The world will see it all!
Irritating People + BEAUTIFUL WEATHER + desperate need of some "Jen" Time = HOOKIE & a long run by the lakefront.
Dude if i knew i would tell ya! Lol
follow me please Justin :)) x
Nigga get out your feeling......
Those things lie. One size fits most
How to Calculate Cash on Cash Return | USTaxAid Services
Welcome to the KosherEye Twitter Community! See that you are in Louisiana.. Do you have a great #kosher gumbo recipe?
What a wonderful event!
Begun in the 1990s in New Orleans every year the 18th Annual Essence Fest will take place from Friday, July 1 through Sunday, July 3.
It turns out that may be looking to recruit another team member. Please dm for consideration if you would like to join. Please RT.
Lea's comeback to everything is "you're fat"
You are not having a good day.
"Realize deeply that the present moment is all you have. Make the NOW the primary focus of your life." — Eckhart Tolle (The Power of Now)
lol. I know many don't like him but I do think he is playing more D than he has ever played in his career. I like Melo
We did it! We helped raise money for football equipment for the neighborhood center.
Showers and thunderstorms continue through the night and tomorrow. Mid 60's tomo. Clearing tomo night and much cooler Sunday
Get up and get fit!!
no problem hope you have an amazing day i love you <3 and your day is full surprises :)
Thanks! Lemme know when you need promo codes.
What a man whore. Stick to one guy, my gosh.
RT : And #oomf always ruins my day.. *cough cough*
#industryissues #2012problems RT: why can't i sign up restie for opentable online? why do i have to talk to human on "phone?"
Bad design is the #1 way to age your exhibit. Technology ages, good design doesn't
655 followers...that's cool being I've done nothing to really to encourage it. But it would be even more fun to have 1,000! Tell ur friends!
starts yelling" he is ejaculating white stuff" after the person scatters pieces of white paper on the floor
at like the beginning of June
Love Is All You Need!
white shoes = secretary. Everyone knows strippers only go for clear lucite platform stilettos.
what other bands are you in to?
No way!! That is c-lassy! Is there an HBO show about your life yet? Please chill that ASAP. Congratulations!
Good luck to my Philly friends
I dont know how. I just looked at my hand and it was bleeding
- Thanks Woody!
I love Halal food
#Superbowl Is it over for the Pats? Way to stay cool #Giants!
does miap have an appraisal course? I'm hoping to see a syllabus...
I wonder wht mari doing
this made me think of u “: sc(H)ool is th(E) most wonderfu(L) (P)lace ever(!)”
The cookie I gave away at lunch? RT : Whatever you are thinking, think bigger. - Tony Hsieh
Cirque at the #Oscars amazing!
Might be back in April. I don't have dates yet, but will let you know once I do.
Held at DEN tsa for 45 minutes because toothpaste overlapped cell charger in bag.
#NeverShouldYouEver tell someone that you love them when you really don't...that is not cool
All I want right now is a chicken snack wrap from McDonalds! Is that to much to ask for
I love money two ever went I have enough so was good like the guy from How high said (I need money) lol thx for following
I love and I'm not afraid to admit it!
Thinking of God's Love.... #ItMakesMeSmile (thankin Jesus for my smiles!!!)
Hey you still have a chance to see #DETROPIA, it'll be opening in select cities in September! Like us on Facebook for more updates!
dm your number
me too! Let me know where you're at now. Gotta catch up!
is it to late to try out for bad girls season 8
Apparently cheese fries aren't made from cow patties anymore! Wtf it's been proven that Sam is a lezbo and miss heather it's sea turtles!
Got my grandma into liking Coldplay when she heard them on American idol every teardrop is a waterfall
Green tea con mint
Wedding dress shopping with the Wiseman ladies
Quicktime is best.
Goodnight Naptown...thanks for tunin in...back with you tomorrow for the all-request Mother's day brunch
you caught that movie voiceover voice narrating the intro to this, right? This is ridiculous (yet awesome, right?)
Acupressure. It works wonders. ;-)
Why does TweetDeck keep bothering me for my Facebook password?
Thanks a bunch everyone, all you reverbers rock :-: man what some talent ---rockin !
Want Portland FOX 12 forecasts sent to your phone? Just text the number "83350" and write "Brian" in the message area. It's free!
One Hub liked PSq bc of the great architecture and the atmosphere during the day, but needed high broadband speeds.
Amateur Hour in Fells Point.
miss seeing u on good day Colorado glad u made to twc tho
Is anyone actively still using Google+? I have to present on it to my colleagues but mine is umm...very quiet.
Welcome back to snowy Seattle #Unifi #CES team! Let's hope we can avoid another #snowmaggedon Don't want to be stuck in the house.
Whoop whoop! 7200 people "like" Bar Method Los Angeles!!!
when are you hopping over the pond again? and us should get together.
yep, jake sure did make that story pretty! Thx !
Virgin mobile has really done an impressive job w/youth homelessness.
feeling gutted...
never felt a thing at BU either.
We're thankful for our incredible food partners, fantastic clients and the opportunity to pursue our passion. Happy Thanksgiving! :)
penn precedent: in the now-defunct american civilization program, statistics could fill the language requirement.
Second place!!!!
It's gonna be your prom weekend and you just sitting there "tipsy" nah man niggas needa travel to other dimensions
YOU WERE ON OMEGLE AND I SAW YOU!!!!!! YOU SAID I SPELLED YOUR NAME WRONG WICH MY FRIEND DID !!!!!!!! OMG OMEGLE ME!! AGAIN
Milano Inn!!! RT Hey ! What restaurants do you recommend to the Super Bowl fans who will be coming in February?
Note to self: procure a freakin check register before adding more blank paper to this one.
Thanks! I'd love to know how old my hotmail is.
We're having a great time here at
#SDCChiHack Best Web Award goes to Quality Tabs
I heard that the radiation from Japan might reach the U.S. Hope I get some damn super powers!
everyday of our lives, wanna find you there wanna hold on tight.
a dolla make me holla honey boo bo
A Blue Jay flew into our warehouse this morning. It didn't leave for 3 hours. It kind of looked like the twitter bird.
Besides working, I did absolutely nothing this weekend. Haven't done that in a long time.
thanks Claire! Best303sounds rules.
When it's winter and you're super cold, then call Justin and the air will become super hot. :s
ok good, I am following you on here!
Oh sorry..my Facebook inbox is like 75% spam crap and I always miss the real messages :( Sorry. But now ur here! :-)
Omg!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>“: RT : #GhettoWaysToDie Twerking in the shower , & you slip on a bar of soap”
Some fucker just made a joke about forcing anal on a woman. What a dick! After I fell out of my chair laughing I made a mean face.
I'm the Director of Ethnic & Cultural affairs in and I'm also biracial. Let's get together and plan an event! :)
Every day is Cinco de Mayo when you are Uncle Joe Biden.
oh I gotchu. Lol he's gonna be mad tomorrow xD
Best memory is wheel chairing the bases at the end of last season and Dan Haren signing a baseball for both of us! 11 yo daughter of cou ...
That Tweet made my morning, thanks! lol RT when there something on my tits... I swipe it with my finger and lick it up..
i'm so flippin bored.
Karl Rove is a boil on the butt of humanity. He needs to be sliced and drained and the core cut out. Only then can we heal.
RT : "The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them." - Mark Twain
I am sure will be lined with flowers...
don't hate the player hate the game bro
see there is always a happy ending to every story ;)
Sounds like it might be the fan for the video equipment itself (which is sitting a few feet in front of the camera)
ah ure my rival todd beamer.... U watch kdramas?
"It's the little things that make the big things possible. Only close attention to the fine details of any operation [systems] makes the...
I'm so ready for the beach this year...
"i wasnt that drunk" "dude, you went to the train station and smashed yourself against the wall, trying to get to hogwarts"
When you find one, let me know! Ha! And who cares if you smell like a dude ... well, guess it depends on occasion & company!
I have seen that infograph, repurposed it. It's a good general starting point :-D
I wish I could be happy all the time.
Many thanks to our wonderful #5x7splurge and #5x7social media sponsors! , , , , &
That aint bad but you know college you going to
Definitely! I've been flirting with a few dissertation ideas that deal with space so I just might take you up on that offer.
What a fantastic finish to an exciting game! Great call by the refs.
Wat time are yall leaving tomorrow??
i had some homemade dosa today - good idea :)
Who's watching stuff on the royal wedding already I sure am
Shrimp taco. Rice. Black beans. Fries. Southwestern eggrolls.
We heard the Col McNish event was amazing - kudos!
Everyone is real excited about Apple's acquisition of Chomp, but I find there app to be tremendously poor. Hope the algorithms are strong.
A little lie is the same as a big lie. They both make you a liar and in turn make you untrustworthy. Is hiding it really worth all that?
Per your request, I've asked my Coordinator to forward the images to you for inclusion in the summer issue.
We trippy mane
bout to tear the gym up with #flexin lmao
Honda is back, once again I can drive to work, drive home, and drive to work again without the fuel gauge moving lol
Send him your 1040 so he knows to keep supporting candidates who comply with Article 1, Section 8
Check time!
same. But I didn't want to go.
Clients of the streaming APIs may be experiencing delivery delays. Our engineers are currently working on this issue.
just felt like sayin yo name cuz i seen u was on twitter
Dedication: ELWIN WILLIAMS, Grandpa Elwin Williams, the whole family loves & misses you very much. Love alaways, Tara & family
so you will send a link or you have sent a link??
wish people knew when enough is just enough, but no, we all must continue to argue until one we're blue in the fucking face.
ah... Yeah I know what you mean. I'm just saying if you really want her, you'll do anything to have her.
Good morning!
Your welcome. Will do. Never been to CA Right now just wondering when tickets go on sale for the #Bengals #Raiders game Wk 12
it was love at first site
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to One Tree Hill online streams on HD
hahahahhahaha "I'm not like every other girl."-every girl
Blergh. Empathy. Sounds like we need a new hashtag:
looks like another awesome video!! cant wait to watch it!
The two most common elements in the universe are Hydrogen and stupidity.
YAYAYAYAYAAAY! IM SERIOUSLY CRYING RIGT NOW!!!!!!
And next up "My Fluffy Pet Hamster"
I thought that the calling limit was 12 !!!!!
Im going home
Why am I shopping in TimesSquare.
Just found my 2011 Resolutions. I went 2 for 8. Guess I don't need any new ones for 2012.
do you know that you are awesome? Thanks for taking this.
picked up our race packets! Get ready to run :)
Hey are you depressed? I couldn't tell by your 50 depressing lyric tweets.
Is taking a social constructivist view on an educated life the right approach? I don't know if a constructed identity functions.
As Jack Hawksmoor is the King of Cities, I am the King of Geeks. At conventions I display my powers by parting crowds of costume contestants
Watching an episode of Family Guy from 1999 . The only thing that's sorta changed is the voices ! And a lil bit of the colors . Funny (: <3
Bil Lindsay, fmr Chmbr chr. "Promises are reciprocalwe have an obligation to support veterans transition back to civilian life"
Is a tastemaker? Certainly influential.
Not anymore ;)
no one gives a fuck
"MICA Takes Flight" VIP Reception: Thursday, 5:30-7:00PM, Reagan National Airport, Terminal A. Hope to see our DC alumni there!
you're welcome. I almost forgot, I made that comment. photography used to be my life too. you're still young. lol
i have that "i heard you were a wild one" stuck in my head. makes no sense
Buck Double, and they had a version of the Big Mac that was better than a Big Mac at one time.
waiting for #BOYFRIENDVideo to come out...
I love you girl <33
i kind of like that we have 1 semester a month
#iloveitwhen my neighbors do p90x every single night
hahah I might aswell watch too!:L she's class!:L oh and thanks for that! Lol what channel is on?
I wonder what my life would be like if I had made a different choice.
You have sympathy from me! #TTC is the hardest thing ever.
Finally done! GREATEST FEELING EVER. Time to catch up on all the hours of sleep I've missed this week
Yeah. And one of their names is Davaun ((x Haha!
finding you on twitter just made my day! Will be planning trip 2 4 dec. First time w/ food allergy daughter
2 more hours here and I'm free!!!!
Are you texting yourself yet? Tremendous things happen when you do...you will be amazed. If you are already texting just add your name.
Sounds like a great night to me. Happy early birthday!
Watching Billy The Exterminator, Drinking Margaritas with my Sweet Boy!
Sometimes, Facebook updates are like a sad, sad country song.
Who wants to travel around Korea with me??
Good luck to everyone competing at kwon sunday! Let me know how it goes! Oussu!
For sure.
#SomewhereintheHood Gearing up for the 1st of the month.
Just watching One Direction interviews :)
This is prolly the 1st time fisher has actually been happy not to be a
No... but I'm assuming it was amazing.
Ill send a free song to any one who requests one
no. It's only a few. Maybe like 10/15
yooo why u aint in school
First night at the new job. Stay tuned for d'tails.
oh wow! Yea u need to go...
very well...and shut the fuck up ok PAPERS are fuckin SHITTER...
The Gym Was Good (: Lmao ; I Was Scared ;p
Got invitation to your dad's wedding. Is this real life!?
#newyorkquotes "f**k outa here!", "ima bout my biz/ppr", "if u cud mak it here, u cud mak it n-e whr"-- sh*t New York in general!!
Short time ! You can do it boys! keep up the hard work!!
Can't say it enough! Thank You Joan <U+2665>
#walgreensgang cvs is for tools. Walgreens will always be there when we need them
and follow me back
This has happened a few times.
Fair enough.
After a six and a half month hiatus from twitter...the kid is back! What's up with my 31 followers?
I feel so BAD! I hurt Venus and now she is crying :'(
man we totally could have went shopping or something then been bored as fuck sitting here all day!!
Successful lake weekend w/ & So much fun!
I'm pretty sure knows what is up.
thanks for the rt
Whelp. #Flyers lost. Sad about saying good-bye to 's playoff beard. Until October...fly on.
Putting on snow pants...to walk to the grocery store
It's just plain weird, combining cupcakes, kids, and BYOB.
OMG, you guys, there is totally a red fern growing in between Mike Wallace and Andy Rooney's graves.
THE Alabama State
Shot a commercial for a pediatrician today. Hung out in the Hungry Caterpillar room. I ate through two pears. But I was still hungry.
Who's voting Obama? Be honest twitter folk.
Wow! You are so good to us!RT : I think decorated the world last night...or least most of LA...Edgar you and...
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE shelly from wisconsin i love you so much cody, i would cry if u saw this!
Sad day in
thanks, just making sure :-)
Buzz Aldrin in "Transformers" is like Stephen Hawking in "White Chicks"
If you saw what I saw in you, your confidence would SOAR!
"People rebuild what we've done badly in Flash in 1997, now in HTML5 but it takes more memory and it's slower, so it must be better"
going to sleep with a clean mouth#best feeling in the world
so tired ....everyday wanna exam exam and exam
Trivgov? Completely random.
Lovebird's
have you heard yet?
Guess who will be reunited with Chloe and Siena in 12 hours :D
There is nothing more annoying than when customers come in 5 minutes before closing....
my pants were just raptured. Wait..what?
#GiveObamaCreditfor... liberals being intolerant... The liberals I know are . Intolerant to opposition of their opinions.
The thermostat was invented 125 years ago, but I have yet to work in an office with one that has anything but Africa and Sibera as settings.
hahah I remember last spring when you got your letter and you put it on fb...#thirdtimesacharm if the pigs stay away.
So..according to Jesse Palmer we are already 0-1 before the season even starts...Humm
#Jeff #Stoutland replaces #Randy #Shannon for #University of
push is a great book!
can we talk about how that looks nothing like what I was talking about. okay. Tanner you are evil!
Have you had Fresh Squeezed Orange Juice lately!! Come to Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!!
Need to lose weight fast and keep it off? www.lasvegashcg.com can help. We offer free support and free shipping. We're here for you!
Start rooting for Donna summers. It's ur only hope cuz I hit people in the eye and make white sox trainers choke
are you going to get scared when android reaches version "jammie dodger"?
When the "Tonight we are young" song comes on and you start singing REALLY loud in the changing room of wet seal...
Water, check. Super fat logistics binder, check. Sunglasses, check. Heading to Miami with for 's Summit!
Please help get to 10K because they're a great band made of up two awesome people &
Going to the mall I'n merida
Yeah, talking about !!! No big deal.
thats right im watching atlas shrugged
:oD awesome choice
have fun! #RNGforever(:
Tsk, tsk, tsk. I bet it was the crappy buffet you ate. Never eat from the school. You better call, or I'll kill you.
I'm out the way
I deserve by Tank
kay was you that i met on the corner in greenwood? lmao
JVG lost his shit at the flagrant 2 call. lebrons head never got touched, he ran into chandlers back and whiplash flopped.
Hit some solid punts and kickoffs today!
M'fs Wanna Get Slapped Early In The A.M I See . . .
That's 10 this morning. I've been reporting as they come in.
DCEW Happy Hour 6-9 PM TONIGHT at Lost Society (2001 14th Street)- See you there!
If you don’t get lost, there’s a chance you may never be found
gym = no, court = very.
#626:) what's tut favorite movie??:)
sure was a tough way to end the year. But I really like the way Hunter has instilled the 3 musketeers mentality. Sign Hunter.
you are fantastic and lovely
your mom is shit
They're dyslexic grammar Nazis.
i can always count on and to retweet/favorite my innapropriate/weird tweets THANKSGURLSLOVEYOU
sounds right
oh don't forget Ron Hextall!
"go ahead: make my daytrip"
I hope the rain holds off for the #parkwayclassic run this morning by
rough day. havent been to a dance class in 2 months now. and it's taking it's toll
You'll never teach again!
i will after work!
she's better than the girl of my dreams she's real
Scott signs budget, no word on vetoes
gave that flea bag some medicine, dogs love flea medicine
People who say yolo every five seconds... Please be quiet
Disaster averted at #umd. 19 year old arrested for allegedly planning a shooting spree on campus. reports live on News4 at 11
Agreed. For the amount of money people pay for tuition, etc., schools should be falling all over themselves to assist.
Playing at B.L.U.E.S. on Halstead tomorrow night with Pistol Pete and Geoffery Lowe. Come on out!
Too much stress leaves little great memories, take a deep breathe not for me but for your dreams!
Glee time! Bee Gees style! Only sad thing is that Robin Gibb is in a coma :(
thx Susan! Happy Derby to you!
Having one of those moments where I think I should of went into business or law or something safe *sigh*
I would like to take this moment to apologize for whatever crappy thing I've done today to deserve One Direction stuck in my head as karma.
i'm trying to find the perfect way to make an omelette without brown stuff.
HOLD THE PHONE! August forgot to EAT?!? RT : Forgot to eat lunch! :( (@ EE-Sane Thai-Lao Cuisine)
Why are all the pretty boys gay???
well aren't you sweet! That's exactly why you're my favorite.
I need a rootbeer soda.... cold cold cold
Got me confused with someone else.
hahahaha nice (: my dad was good coz I didn't went to school :D
Things are going great - extremely busy these days. How are you doing?
wass your name
oh alright wyd later on today ?
AHH!! That would make my summer!
iiinnnteresting… Thanks for the note. We'll sort that out.
your a butt happy now?
Needs work out partners this week.. Get on it
Started new job today - need to convince the blacklist folks that Twitter is not Facebook, but a tool that I actually use/need for work!!
Thx to all who came out to Chima last night! Bringing on the HD season
Twins are bad, like Ralph Sampson I bad. Glad I am a #Brewer fan this year...but #Twins are my AL squad.
Still can't get pass the fact it's not just me..can't never let that go!!
I dropped my lighter great <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Young niggas taking over.
Isn't happy to be back in her regular cubicle, where she gets to hear a colleague's simplistic, misguided political views.
now why would you say that
Vented... Closure sorta taste like acid reflex... But it's closure none the less. How ever it went down... At least he is happy.
Who do you think is going to win March Madness???
..hell yeah, but I'm not Stressin, hopefully it goes by quick
Our waitress, Shayla, is providing great service to us tonight #twoforksup!
Lou Reed's Perfect Day plays as I walk on campus Florian Van Bael-smiling at everyone who passes me as I wait for 's announcement.
Watching twilight in Spanish it's hilarious
Hard to ride a bike with poor bike paths and lack there of Thank you Todd for supporting cyclist in SD!
^KC Ya? I think you still better do your lunges. LOL
I wanna know you that way
#Wake&bake then ima take a lil walk to the market
classes are done, projects are not.
And then I handed my ticket to the gate agent to board & it wouldn't scan my ticket. I'd been cancelled. I almost started crying on the spot
Retrain Research Tip: A recent study indicates that those taking statins may open your arteries but deteriorate your muscles.
&#39;95 Palisade murder links lives of Robert Dewey, Douglas Thames
nah it was in honor of Bynum and Phil Jackson
thank you! Whoa, you're in Nashville? That explains why I didn't see you yesterday to say buh bye?
Andy's behind the bar tonight, slinging $5 Dark & Stormy's during Happy Hour (till 8).Come keep him company.
umm, your Thor hat? Totally appropriate opera wear for Wagner.
Does anyone have a Machete I can borrow???? Urgent Matter that must be addressed immediatly!!!
Sadly, I didn't either. Massive migraine put me down! RT : Bummed I couldn't make it!
fyi, she won the bet (they are close on Sunday)..
joins me now on FM 93.7/AM 1510 discussing former #Rockies owner Jerry McMorris
you'll be fine be strong for your mccurdians like me.(: praying for you with lots of love<3
"walks in..YA GUILTY!" lmfaoooo
what is bad about the game room? I'm going there this weekend
follow back please
uh! Today I will reply! Sorry hw :(
Whenever your on, I can't think of anything to tweet you.. it's the opposite when your not. :( x
The #memphisairport once caught a falling elevator car, saving a lady and a baby. It held it in place for 17 hours, setting the world record
Lake Geneva for drinks and dinner!
With ben gordan, bull and bear!
At the #bigten tourney #IU within 1 point of Wisconsin !
Tip 3: Wealth - Wealth isn't something that is necessarily within the reach of most but the perception of wealth is.
S\0 yesterday somebody said I looked like you what an honor that was.
Westbound back to the Chi..
Wind chimes are just decorative noise pollution.
Occasionally I'm struck with the realization of how amazing this community is. I'm thankful that this sensation hasn't diminished
so tired & look like shit. lovely
Hot jazz trio gig tonight w/ & at Great Dane Brew Pub Downtown, Madison, WI. 10-1, gonna be swangin'!
Every time I see Tiger Woods struggle with age and injury--IN GOLF--I get worried bout Peyton Manning's return from injury
chatting about sub prime loans moving from people of color neighborhoods and moved on to the white suburban areas deregulation
Not really feeling like myself today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
What's so cool about Tuesday and why is everyone talking about how phat it is?
thinks he's a made guy now!!
They are on pace to go 0-162. Looks like it might be another down year.
I got bubbles too! (: we can have a bubble party at practice!
Nice pic of DW :D They are a great inspiration for us coming from our hometown .
That man is not truly brave who is afraid either to seem or to be, when it suits him, a coward."
follow friday!! do it.
just got 77 new songs on my pod.
A day without sunshine is like, night.
CK-12 Foundation: Khosla support. Mission to reduce textbook costs: flex books.
where the grass is green and the girls are pretty!
YES! YES! YES! YES!
Jesus has returned. Reported missing, Jesus Ruedas, 91, has been found by a concrete ditch, by pecan trees, in La Mesa, south of Las Cruces.
how was it
I like my little group of friends
Ya down ass bitch ^_^ lol
well, universal city. But really close:)
The fact that idgaf gives me a great advantage
It's NOT too late for the $8,000 tax credit for first time buyers!! Call Me at 719-599-3888
You're welcome! RT : Thanks for the shout out. Good to connect and glad you liked the article. Keep in touch :)
Number 1 step to IT accessibility: recruit executive sponsor.
We should be considering legislation that helps American people, not legislation that fulfills an ideological agenda. -Rep. Slaughter, D-NY
seeing all the couples in school makes me sick. i wish i had something like that.
well, it's not coming from Romania anymore. More shipments from China...
Furthur played my brother esau tonight! Do it again Friday!
I'm still in traffic
Love your rap. Why wasn't it in the music video.
Develop a pilot project for centrally allocating $2million in additional title I funds to up to 20 high poverty schools
OKC & Heat in the finals. Retweet if you agree.
2 bags of clothes to donate so far ... feeling good. Just wish I could find motivation to pack when it's earlier than 10PM.
does it matter how he got there and why or what he is doing about it now? You are probably correct, however.
my fairy godmother wings....OMG...you are drunk!
Tracked bass in under an hour today. Hella yeah.
Back from a European adventure...reality sets in.
tig ol' bitties & the name Robin has me picturing Ms. Quivers on the cover now. I don't have to photoshop that, do I ?
nope because I'm cool like that
im in school right now & i got on here JUST to tweet you! lol can i get a follow back? ;D
Lmao what i do? RT : Okay ... #DoubleTechnical. You're OUTTA HERE sir!
went from 6 to noon as soon as I woke up to a back run from
I like it. Sounds formal, yet exotic...almost unpredictable, but promises adventure.
we are currently uploading our first student video. Directed by Lee Rosch it examines the Eagle Rock Farmers Market.
now the draft is officially over for me
aren't you going with Kaylynn?
Thanks for all the great '80s/'90s memories...Exclamation! perfume, YM Magazine, Micromachines commercials...stay tuned!
Thanks for listing me! (I'm not a scout, but I love ya anyway!)
holy shit i just realized sounded like a groupie. Damit Im so sorry! I didnt mean to come off like that
Margaritas taste like sunshine.
There needs to be an internet shorthand for 'made me giggle', not just LOL. So: MMG, David. xo
Got your number! Will call you. Lunch Friday is open if you want?
why biology & history tests gotta be so close together?? ugghhh...happens every, single, time. smh
Canada&#39;s St. John Ambulance Chooses HP to Revive Ailing Storage Network
Overheard: "If I catch one of you kids chewing on your pencil..."
LOL... good point!
Tune in to the homie tues he's going to start the Fire!! lol RT : When pt 2 dropping???
'Never take a good person for granted. There's always a person around to appreciate what you didnt.' -- Kevin Green
And we never even know we have the key.
yeah, late night coding usually ends poorly.
man, you gals are really taking an interest in my future wife. This pleases me.
you're my favorite!!
MT : Happy Friday! Latest on the jobs numbers with Mark Zandi from Also on the show
passed in the interest of saving time. Forgot I bought veggies I never got to cook. So...
Haha I'll play with ya! :D
yes see i like that.... unfortunately i think this milwaukee rail car is just downtown thing!
The vacation count: Time elapsed without Internet: 46 hours. Live iguanas, 2. Dead iguanas, 1.
is Lorel Johnson playing for Downey?
It has been an epic battle of me versus wordpress this week. In the end I will win!
#Hate RT Looks like *somebody's* twitter got hacked.
ask one simple question and you going to say IDFK mean
Sipping gin with the boys for a good cause!
OK so I'm guessing the Celtics are the ONLY hope I have to beat the Heat? Even that's a slim hope, at best.
only to buy them online. Other than that it's all first come first serve :/
okay, where is the link? would love to see these art examples!
Reducing the size of some digital images backed up to the server long ago. Sometimes, you don't need an image to be one million pixels.
Well it was a good day until this shit happend..
I went to OSU, under no conditions can I ever root for UO
stupidest fucking show ever....
I knew it! Ha!
Global warming, yeah right. No such thing. It's only going to be 60 degrees in Chicago in January. Climate change? No way.
*waving back* My 8 yr-old daughter would LOVE 1/those, but mum's a tiny bit squeamish. Kitten soon, though. ;)
Today, December 19 @ 5 PM PST | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Betty Jo Tucker | Film Critic | latalkradio.com | Channel One
I do have a Poetry Novel out "The Book of Poems of That Traveler" out right now. It's on Xlibris.com Amazon.com Borders.com B&N.com
I love how my test averages are 88% and my homework average is 50% :O
Flowers last longer than a hard cock.
Happy Mother's Day to all the fantastic moms out there!
Sun, music and drinks
Okay. How is Justin and Selena being together or not change your life or who you are as a person? EXACTLY. SO STFU.
Baylor doesn't stand a chance.
I saw a commercial today. It was for a website called Cougarlife.com. I almost pissed my pants when I saw this! LOL... Really? Really?
Good work. Let's grab beers soon in the hood.
Congratulations to for the launch,and to all those who are now a part of this great tech center
I need a kite.
pretty excited to run errands in my aerial clothes.
- Wanda, you rocked last night at the Kessler!! Thanx so much 4 greeting the fans afterwards - wonderful 2 C U N concert!!
yes, you really do! Remember what I told you about him on Skype that one night? God obviously wanted you to have better!
what up
Jodie Foster's voice/accent in Silence of the Lambs is on my top 10 most annoying things ever.
Your mother. Who's there?
Titanic. in 3D.
Nah, I mean minorities actually use seasoning their not much fans of spicy foods. So, salt is a milder substitute.
Can't wait for my son to come back home to
lmaooo tbh I don't even have a clue if am doing this rite! Had twitter nearly a year n all iv done is stork celebs :$
Just met and gave her information on Carolinas Space Museum. She's all for it!
I just put in some work at that track meet
Bucket List Item: Driving with seventy Solstices and Skies on the Daytona International Speedway, top down, in a torrential downpour: Check!
I dont need a #Team, Imma one man band...
Jet Skiing <U+2665>
What were your thoughts on the Badger D last night? I think bend but don't break against UNLV = shattered against the B1G.
You guys are the best! <3
I miss talking to you guys :(
": Music options tonight.....Coldplay, Van Halen and Going to " tough but good choice!
Thanks for the Tweets/Retweets!
sad to hear that. I'll see if we have that information for the news. Thanks.
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure. - George Edward Woodberry
Great turnout last night. Over 40 people filled the back room! We will be at BWW Powell on Friday and Hilliard on Saturday!
"Beef: Feel something again."
uh nope. Them days is over.
oh and btw did you get my character for me3
Happy Tuesday!! Wait...who am I kidding? Tuesday is such a lame day of the week....
remember the one nigga escape from jail, everybody thought he was long gone...3weeks later they caught him in the basement
its okay , I taught you something
Just found another white hair!! Either I'm turning blonde or I am really just getting old...
next time try the fucking hostile focaccia. I think may have coined that one.
man, I feel like a fat ass for eating mcdonalds lol
awe man we gotta do sushi if you come visit
One man's folly is another man's wife.
Post a photo of how you're participating in America Recycles Day and we'll send you a reusable water bottle! www.facebook.com/wvamwater
Mr. Food: Amish Bakery Custard Pie
rajeevkgb129 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Classic Pearl Jam, or contemporary? Or somewhere in between?
a cruise again?!?! i am SO jealous
I want to start a vinyl collection.
will check it out. Thanks!
uh you should have been with me at d&bs Thursday night...lol
Happy hump day.
I could not love thee, Dear, so much, Loved I not Honorariums more.
What is that even? Eww.
“: Seems like everyone thinks Belmont will dump G'town. I don't. What about Iona over Marquette?” yes. Then Murray over Iona
is it bad to hope the #Nuggs don't get too big of a lead too early? Can't ever relax against Nash
Join talkcounts 10:am Saturday morning to explore pink and redflags in teen relationships.
DO WORK
what a beautiful day here at Los angeles.......=)
Special day today- happy Easter to those celebrating
ufff damn now I really want to meet her <U+E107>
Heard there's a tornado warning tonight in south FL :/
Anytime! :) Let me know if you ever want to take a look at packages, etc
Messin' with new Bass frequencies and filters. Audio Geekin' out!
Ah, memory lane!
our world has much bigger problems the Whittney Huston. She did this to herself and you the media are praising her. Drugs kill
Havin' a lot of fun with my mom today! She's so cool and stuff! Haha : )
Boo! Eric melted my face off in KC.
hilarious > RT : I only hope to see DJs who use the term "going in!" all go into the same place together...... a fucking bear trap
RT : 'Fix - The Ministry Movie' And Tunecore Team Up To Promote Artists @ Top40-Charts.com - Songs from 49 Top 20
skating as in skateboard?
gettin ready to start my training next week. U wanna join?
You tweeted first.
so glad to see you rejoin the twitter sphere
student talking to lib assistant behind me has most adorable southern belle accent. Feel homesick now.
Throw in the legalization of marijuana and you've got a deal. (There now, that wasn't so hard, was it?)
Headed to bed! Gotta be up at 6:30! #killmenow Ima be layin on the beach soon enough
An estimated 50 million Americans are uninsured and another 25 million are underinsured
New follower. :) lol its okay. took me awhile to realize it too
After a 3 month search i finally found a new apt. Hope everyone likes trivia nights at the elbow room bc they are my new neighbors
Join us for the next ICTC information session Wed. 12/7 at 6:00 pm! Email to register!
Thank you, right back at ya! RT : you know what I love? You guys. ::high five::
It Feels Like A Summer Weekend.. (:
Sweet! Can't wait to hear more about your project and read your write up of me :)
I can lose weight. I can dress better. You will always be an insensitive, materialistic asshole.
Time for the dvr'd version of
Eyes burn like cigarettes.
You go Girl. RT : Got a vote for this morning
hope everyone had a good day...
wow seriously i'd be scared too r they really close to ur house
....in that situation.
my father is a butthole and didn't let me go -.-
Vocalist extraordinare? Perhaps, you can sing a commerical for us? lol.
Im missing GoodMorning texts
What is this feeling, never missed someone like this before
Dazed & confused > best movie ever
Nope. I'm afraid not, but I will only be a HeyTell away.
i swear... we sign up for the blue skies but they left the thunderstorms out of the contract
so glad you saw the magazine! do you like it? :)
Our new radio spot is gonna scare the $hit out of the Bieber kids
I agree with , you should definitely come to #USCJ462!
The Lord said, 'If u had faith like a grain of mustard seed u could say to this tree B uprooted& planted n the sea& it would obey Luke17:6
Was at the Cincinnati Zoo yesterday & noticed that the little penguins make a distinctive "merp" sound. Thought about you.
good meeting you at #seasonsbeatings man.
Top secret. That or I'd have to confiscate your twitter page...
and failed <U+E421>
Coffee is magical sometimes
I read your interview with TRT. I was so excited to find a fellow fan of The Phantom Tollboth! That book is why I write.
Beyond annoyed with today
no wonder you were so good at bball..those fingers are crazy long ;-)
Thanks for the follow! Do you love HORROR actresses too? Wink, wink.
Home in bed with a bad cold. SUCKS.
I feel ya, n yea I preach dat shit.
you probably used it.
im going to tweet some things and you have to complete the blanks. okay? :P
check out my music /lildynamo
I thought you meant to say you "really" despise me lol
What to wear?
Hmm I wanna see u again
wanting your own way, wanting everything for yourself, wanting to appear important—has nothing to do with God. It just isolates you from him
The more you use something the the more proficient you become at it take time out to think!!!!
lol jokes and jokes and jokes
Had a great meeting with Wayne County Democrats in Richmond last night... looking good for their municipal elections
Loved the Bollywood number on - so fun. That was the dessert of this day.
Thanks for joining us last night!
oh wow.
From the looks of my timeline...It seems as if the BET Awards was a hot mess! lol
RT: : RTRTRT “: I wanna forget the junior high already. Use the experiences but forget it.”
#Northeastern University Apartment Listings Have Arrived FINALLY. Quite expensive this year. #Boston University Apartments any day now!
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. -Oscar Wilde
We have a paper due today, ladies!!
Finally getting to see Soul Surfer :)
Dear DC #Giant and #Safeway stores: I'm tired of you having no selection and being constantly out of whatever limited choice there is.
thanks for the follow! I've been meaning to swing by and buy some key caps. :)
NO Ipods Allowed AT School..... , Yeah like Eminem is gonna rap me the answers.
Oh never mind I remember why they call her that its because one a butter eating contest and Paula Deen camp!!
We're currently recruiting channel partners & thought you may be interested?
you throw a heck of a party. :) I had a great time, and I can't wait to visit again.
WTH #2pac live on stage with at
perfect because I only run in leotards, legwarmers, and a sweatband a la Olivia Newton John. Lets get physical!
ballmer says cloud computing is official according to business week
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. -Mark Twain
Send me a DM with your addy so I can mail your kit!
Money is the root of all evil, people are the reason it is evil, because they think about the evil things that want to use it for.
Succumbing to this Fifty Shades of Grey nonsense, but *only* because I'm sick. Seriously, I feel embarrassed to be reading it.
Made 3 of my titles are now #free with Amazon Prime membership.
Back from an awesome vacation in California with the Malingins & Pham now back to reality and getting ready for finals in a week
Thanks for being great to the fans at Axxess.
I'm planning a hike in the #grandcanyon in May and I need advice on where/how to camp for one night. Suggestions?
What a tool. RT : The spurs are kinda boring to watch. They need armbands and tattoos an shit
Lol I can't yet. Believe me I want to. I'm writing a paper :-(
Amy Knapp draws a bases-loaded walk to tie game at 4-4 in Michigan fourth inning. Pitching change for the Badgers.
thanks for the love I can't believe how fast you posted about
There are as many chickens on Earth as humans...wait aren't they the same thing
as a matter of policy, I am boycotting any company who spams my twitter feed. C ya.
#AskGreyson, , would you like to tour in Europe ?
Which orchestra are you playing in?
MJ did not need other mega stars , and he did not fall apart in the playoffs either
its weird how my new lil man looks like just like me
I just got Galaxy S on Tmobile so far so good! I hope this phone brings me long lasting productivity for the years to come!
The Age of Limitless Competition: for most of us, it ends up with nothing.
you make our makeup look good!
prepared surface for 9 new paintings.
Anyone wanna hang out?:(
maybe even a few years earlier...
Damn I'm soaked
lol I wanna visit u
The only good thing about being up this early is knowing I won't sleep through weight training...
true true
Don't forget to Follow she is the best!!!
follow xo
he has the same arm motion as troy aikman
|| that we can't promise, i'm sorry. but he's out there somewhere.
BBIIGG money Frat!!
Me & Jerry Jones Bout To Clip Up And Drive By Tony Homo's Crib.....
I sing love songs out of key for u
What kind of dirty hippie college did you go to to cause such trauma?
If I say leave me alone, actually I need you more than at any time.
What a stop and go, frustrating day. Time to go relax on Lake Union!
“News of Which Will Delight a Few and Frustrate Many”. Well, just call me the 1%.
listening to Frank Sinatra to get ready for #digitalratpack Las Vegas Monday will be there...
I'll be schmoozing @ A Vintage Affair Tonight @ "The Factory" in beautiful downtown Franklin TN.
“ Those Viva guys are the future.. Just like floating stuff”
IM GOING!! AH
I can't complain: I come out looking pretty good in the leaked diplomatic cables.
Help us spread the word about our cause by joining our project on crowdrise & following us on facebook! Everybody Deserves Music!
oh durrrr im really sorry you cant go):
lol just he got gang banged in mid air trying to lay it in on a fast break
RT : A total of 29,761 hot dogs were consumed tonight at 50-Cent Hot Dog Night.
why do these random ass numbers keep calling me
SO RANDOM! Tonight's episode was one of the best! <U+2665> Because was on it!<U+2665>
- are you performing here?
1859- " It was the Best of Times, It was the Worst of Times" Charles Dickens's novel "A Tale of Two Cities" published in magazine form.
each time I update mine, I save the old one with the date and "old" and the new one with just "updated." always looks fresh.
Bhang Ice supports the fight against Cancer; Bhang Fire supports the fight against HIV/AIDS. Use Bhang tohelp yourself and others.
Party hard, make mistakes, laugh endlessly. Do things you're afraid to do. After all, you're only young once
Wow! Gotta say this has been the best week. Kinda nerveous today. #talentshowtonight. Earliee dismissal! :D
hi shows i care. n it goes both ways
QOTD: "Google+ is giving me +headache" via
kudos for effort lol
got some beats 4 u homie
So I asked the tech to re-image the lab computers, so he decide that meant to remove all the software from them.
Thanks, Jake! Right back at ya!
Canada bound with abbey looking for crystal cottages <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
should I cry for you?
lol i hope them two boys Run your ass in the ground and cook ya dog
Tickets still available for this evening! Get 'em while they're hot (and they are ALWAYS hot with RED LIGHT WINTER).
Oh wait. They do talk. But didn't they change the rules???!!!! Also what about the poison alien gas!!!!! Season 8 is bullshit.
I could go for some eggs & bacon right now. Okay.....maybe just bacon.
The Persian restaurant my dad just took me to had belly dancers. Cause no dinner with dad would be complete without hip gyrations.
When a man's wife learns to understand him, she usually stops listening to him, and vice versa...
The Fire Tapes are in the teej studio right now and they are KILLIN IT. Tune in at 91.1FM!!! Donate!
his knees are so weird <U+E415>
im offiically scared of mirrors
without listening you you will be "History" because you only have half the conversation "Yourstory"
that kid has got to be so scary to live with!
aw yeeaahh. I look forward to it :D
super fast follow back tonight. Thx
oh god ya .. just didn't see that interview
you got a release date for the album yet? pumped to hear it brother!
"She likes it rough and that's rugby" Bahahahahaha that line made my day mac.
Thanks!! You're one of our faves too! :)
stop playing!! where about?
Well, I didn't have any books handy, and I just met the guy. Would been awkward. BTW, got your email yesterday.
damn my TL keep getting new tweets back to back smh
I have a #HalloweenResolution. To make it to 1,000 tweets by
Running Quote RT Loving my return to the running world. Never mind that some walkers have a faster pace than I right now! :)
thanks for putting another book on my list!
my dad used to say what goes around comes around! #mittromney turned his back on us in 08 n wil get bit on the ass in the Michigan primary!
Never make the same mistake twice, There are so many new ones, Try a different one each day.
heard via you are pursuing a downtown dog park? i am very interested in this prospect!
In Finland, teachers are not delivers of curriculum but developers.
Ugh, need to get out of the house. I'll probably end up just going for a quick bike ride
Oh do piss off. WordPress is an viable an option as Expression Engine. They both do exactly the same thing.
we can hang out and you can come to my games!
Shares your location to your friends when you're out of ammo.
" #DirectionersAreDisrespectful " I'm not a directioner but you shouldn't judge the whole fan base just because of 2-3 irrelevant asses.
Wow. That may have been the scariest airplane landing I've ever experienced. #airtran #Boston #crosswinds # fb
In other news, Romney takes scissors to an Irish setter and straps an effeminate young man to the roof of his station wagon. News at 11.
Join us 2nite 4 Winter Gala! $5 open bar, happy hour all night long. Post GC, come dance salsa at Habana Village!
So what about music apps on your phone? Do you have one that you just couldn't live without?
Ugh , I don't want to go to school and play for the veterans assembly :/!
how true that is. Fire station is right down the street from me too.
We have a great variety of hot soups today Try the 1/2 sandwich or wrap with a small soup for $6.50!
#TEDMED asking the Big Health Questions that us mere mortals ask.
#ICantStandPeople that follow other people
is wishing everyone a great sunday full of laughter and family.
gay lmao I kid I kid
Pool side. Gotta love the lazy river!
Extra drama at Dodger Stadium. Ethier tossed for arguing balls,strikes. Mattingly gets thumb, too. Mom might not approve of language.
Hurricane Irene is gone and Solo is back to our normal schedule. Call 212-420-7656 or order online for extra savings. www.solopizzanyc.com
Time to move on.
A freezing office demands resourcefulness. Wear a coat indoors, hold warm printer paper, scald your hands w/hot water in the bathroom, etc.
RT : RU going to enjoy Tequila on Cinco de Mayo? What is your favorite sipping tequila? Please share & follow 2 ...
Nice hearing Kyle Kover on just now! GIMME THE HOT SAUCE!
Good morning!
Fundamentals, first. Period!
awesome! have fun there!
SO your fiancee tore up my wedding invitation... I guess that's fair. All I could do is laugh.
Captivating speech by president Lets see if it is more than words by the end of the year...
You're gone, but not forever.
thanks you too!!:)
WAR DANCE
Time to brush up on Windows Paint.
"The mind has exactly the same power as the hands; not merely to grasp the world, but to change it." Colin Wilson (1956-)
“: we're like fam! Laura like me and you!:D” Lmfao this is awkzzz
RT : Idolatry is seeking security and meaning in someone or something other than God.~GOOD MORNING
Waiting to go see Fast 5 and playing around on my shiny new iPad2!! Thanks babe for the awesome gift!!
No worries, m'dear. You're on my unconditional love list.
not much! how about yourself?
agreed. Keep tebow, let him sit a few years and learn from an all time great.
tweeting and driving are how car accidents happen
Flickr too, actually...
"A free spin is like taking a woman to the mall & giving her a credit card, she'll be back when she is ready." ~Carter Butler, ATL~
I was so drunk I threw up bile at least five times, if that doesn't make me miscarriage I don't know what will, eat it #personhood bill
I can vouch for this! Awesome! “: Will tailor Pressure Pack Line Defense Clinics 2 fit ur needs-a great time & informative!"
ATTN: It looks like the wine tasting on the 18th is going to be on the 15th. I'll keep you posted.
Cherish forever what makes you unique, 'cuz you're really a yawn if it goes
I totally agree!
girl my husband bout to be goin out of town for work lol long as my dad will keep the kids ima def be out n about!!
Always good times hanging out with ! Can't wait to hang out tomorrow.
"When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps."
Back in my day, a "beef and cheese burrito with flamin' hot Fritos" was a sex move. What are they teaching kids these days?!
Hahah sorry!! I don't listen to country singers whose last name is a synonym of "money" That just means they're gay.
Whatever happens you will always be with me in my heart
Keep your smile white by visiting us at Studio B Smiles!
FOLLOW ME!
Bro my teacher just told me that when she sees freshmen in the hall she just wants to punch them. lmao.
Have you checked out Join.me?
definitely not looking like Camilla there.
i guess thats it!! thanks for sending me the pictures!! gonna upload it now cuz it will be too late if i upload it after school(: -Kristel
Memo to Alec Baldwin...crazy is as crazy does..
i think you'll enjoy it :) me and johnathan are also releasing an ep for a totally new project! should be out by fall :)
5 more days before I get my P90X!!!
State Patrol DRE program sparks state probe after #OccupyMN complaints
Awesome! Full bars on my Att cell. Of course I'm stranding under the tower touching the cell pole....
#LeaveItToNiecy funniest show ever(:
A quick PS for my other chums who may not know Smashers are Smashwords eBook authors!
Let's go Milwaukee Brewers! We want a sweep! Fear the Beer!!!
sure why not.. Follow!
Also coming: OGI conference "TweetBook" - great group of individuals sorting out tweets during keynotes and sessions.
Worlds Beauty from The Most Unusual Angle! Italian photography thatll change your perception!
Our website will be available soon. Minor difficulties have occured
i would love a follow back ;) I've been here since your audition <3
If you're around Santa Fe tomorrow afternoon, we'll be at Evangelo's on San Francisco St. near the plaza making music from 3-6pm.
Learning about how rhode island is moving forward with essential health benefits at a briefing
The raven was a mix of Sherlock Holmes and the phantom of the opera. It was defs interesting
I really did spit in your burger
Do not operate heavy machinery.
NY just got a ! Dear , please come to Chicago, perhaps take the empty Pipers Alley cinema next to ?
thank you! =) i hope i do.
#when things go wrong i cant bear to cry;&my friends should do something not just ask "is everythin ok"
Everyone NEEDS to follow He's absolutely killing these super bowl tweets.
This chick cocky af.
you were a great addition to our staff! Your energy & enthusiasm will be missed. :)
Walter Isaacson (Steve Jobs biographer) plans to be at the CityLit Festival on April 14th. Do you?
Listening to Uecker calling Morgan's game winning hit gives me goosebumps. Go Crew!
Sunday Funday - Baby Maker Style??
Okay just gonna download one more song then off to bed. My body is gonna hate me tomorrow.
Agreed, I'm glad he made it. Young Homie deserves the recognition.
yooo we need to pay or there ain't going to be no tournament
DAY SMOKEY EYE LOOK Wear brown instead of black: Charcoal & black eye shadows, when applied heavily, ar more dramatic than taupe & chocolate
well, let's hope I only have one weekend of it
yup. Everyone's got a persona to keep up on here haha.. Rizzo is mad defending his guy and schilling is trying to stay relevant
Livingston Taylor will be performing at the Henegar Center for The Arts on April 19th in Satellite Beach, Florida. Showtime is at 8:00pm.
hm... gonna have to check and see how long it will take to get there and if Im breaking any laws! lol
#YOLO? Excuse me, I have a few #zombie friends that would beg to differ.
They're coins to be made & bills to be paid.
99.7 The Blitz will be airing one of our songs tonight at 10pm in anticipation for our show on July 23rd with Twenty One Pilots!
FYI #FCPX rolling shutter filter doesn't do anything for camera flashes.
yes! #annoying P.S. Happy, belated, Birthday!
Everyone be sure to wish our guitarist Danny a happy birthday tomorrow!
Orange essential oil lifts the spirit while providing a calming influence on the body; it brings peace/happiness to the mind....
I <U+2665> #startups, too! Have known many successful college entrepreneurs !
at the very least can we agree lebron didn't "take the easy way out" by going to miami?
I think the default Portland weather forecast is rain unless they look outside and see something else. Even then change is optional.
i am in charge of all national talent, who and what goes on our station. at the first and largest internet radio station
yeeah. Lil turned off. RT : Thrillist delivers what guys want, discounts on strippers #BigOmaha wish ya used a different slide bro
$$-$$$, not fancy, casual - biz casual, like all cuisines but italian the most. thx!!
fighting a damn Cold...No fun
Cat almost ate my gdc schedule, stopped him just in time
If it weren't for internet friends, explaining my life between 1992-1999 would be very, very difficult.
only pussies run away like you
Almost finished with a client after this its time for the
t'will miss you :(
Tomorrow's the big day. Cape Town, South Africa!
be ready for any/all intel based programs to no longer run. but it is a cool OS!
5 Google Search Stats Every Marketer Should See
we could go together in a year when I get my drivers liscence.... its a date:) ?
I had no idea that #EbenOnEllen trended world wide, Haha, I'm a trend setter, literally!
Thanks for your wonderful #FF!
All that glove-to-the-ground training really backfires when you're carrying urine samples.
Finally home from school. ~.~
My aunt used to do that legitimately. She'd get contracted by places like the mall, and Fourth of July Festivals.
Must not eat a Cinnabon at the airport...
Posted in our new office, Schlitz Park, at my temporary cubical until our part is done in 2 weeks.
I don't really care about what's going on with Jon and Kate- can we please move on?!?!!?
Is it pathetic that I am totally psyched because I found a really cool screen saver for my Mac? I'm such a dork.
hm i just remeberd lmfao. But still so he can tweet youu
"Don't judge a person, judge their behavior." Beautiful, toughtful, inspirational words from Laura Diaz.
no when prod gf dad came n ask where she was and rayray was tryna answer him it was funny
Just met my butler for the day. Yes. Apparently I have a butler. Shoulda figured this out sooner.
Who wants to do the dishes for me? Anyone?
RT : thanks for the follow! I enjoyed your interview on filmspotting ... very cool to have someone so...
As an undergrad I went to Lehigh... parties and the library, so I have an affinity for the Engineers.
sounds great- Let us know if you have questions, would be more than happy to have someone from our team email you!
Now that you mention it, I like that idea much better.
The international debate is heating up People all over are talking about the #warondrugs and you havnt posted in days lets step it up
#socialismineightwords the best people can find happiness in misery.
Agreed, I don't respond 99% of the time, and never click on any link included in the DM...great new avatar btw!
Watching Dancing With the Stars with Viggle Mon | 6PM | ABC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Today's the day! #BlackRadio is out! 2nd show added on Wednesday... Congrats to !
If potus supports amendment to take money out of politics he could get things done. NOW IS THE TIME.- think of the possiblities
I work next door to Boudoir Divas
ahorita van a pasar el comercial d hunger games, Avengers, y otros en el super bowl.
Safety Alert! -There is a hidden fire hazard in almost every home...and it is in the dryer! Call Ortega's Appliance Service Today..
gotta love it when people ask for your major cross streets WHERE YOU LIVE and say, 'those streets don't cross' I'm standing right here fool!
I Hate When People Continuously Text You Over And Over Even Though You Havent Replied Yet -__-
Jack White's new solo cd is awesome. Very White Stipeish....can wait to see him in less then 2 weeks...woo hoo
I speak the truth!
i miss you
Enable patrons to do so? MT Write something every day about an object in the collection. How do we find the time?
Photos of most of the 70 participants of the Expert and Graduate camps, coming from around the world:
Last chorus concert ever
What happened to a man having a key to open a woman's heart?
Need Management for Latin Artist.
You're not convinced that it's GOOD? Or that the only HS theater that counts are ragtag cobbled-together plays?
"Oral picture" is a really awful turn of phrase that I never need to hear again. Please pass the bar of soap and giant q-tips.
good luck! RT : Thank u! Heading to my last for 2 weeks. Relieved surgery almost here!
I hear ya.. its like that some that shit ridiculous..Life can be sometimes ridiculous. #swizzbeats lol where u been??
“: GL tomorrow sir!” Lost the maximum many times the last hr. Thank you buddy
Come celebrate this beautiful warm Cinco de Mayo with an ice cold sangria! Only $5 from 5-7pm along with $20 carafes & $20 selected bottles!
Solitude is the single most healing thin there is. -- Linda Poole
I grind so fuckin hard!!!!
And you can't fight the tears that ain't comin.
RT : #QOTD "I've learned it's what you do with your miles, rather than how many you've run." Rod DeHaven, Olympic marathoner
Participating in an all-day healthcare law compliance and FDA regulation training. Should be riveting!
... and I'd really like to get my magazine.
Tuesday morning lovefest.
RT : You know who else is here ?? and many more!! Come thru!
good ones. Thanks! How are you honey?
had dinner last night w/ a great crew that included the owner of ShareASale. Felt he could provide you some insight.
Good man. I'm in the midst of recording my album and a mixtape that'll be out before the album. I've got some bangers
If #decker has a serious knee injury he can thank
Watching Rudolph & my mom actually thought Santa sang "I'm the king of dinga-ling" instead of "jingle-ing" she so silly lmao
Come on ATL blow these mummies away.
People who talk shit to you, usually talk shit about you.
smh I'm bout to go steal it and pose for da camera lol
you're so amazing:))
Happy New Year!
It's official. 24 hours left living in Indiana
5 Grammy nominations for tonight. exciting indeed.
dude. AERIAL LOOKALIKE. only blonde <-Kelsey xoxo>
I miss my fam wish he would come kicks it like karate in the Chi with me...
Just In! Caesars Palace Las Vegas Tonight? Call 877 551 6633 to book for only $129 plus tax.
damn good one sir
I need to get me a tempur pedic
liked Clive S. Johnson's blog post: Eureka
#ItsAmazingHow ive gone a week without my phone and probably have another one coming -___-
Exam one done. 3 questions = 18 single spaced pages or 8500 words on what I know about Planning. Written in about 15 hours.
Shannon and I are going HAM next weekend.
“: if we enter and then get a better hair day can we send again?? LOL jk” haha love it!
there was only old people there today haha
Happy weekend to you!
It's always bad news to hear a designer quit on a big project the year before.
I will say that Men in Chicago are so much different & the marriage rate they is 33% better than all cites! I'm not tryin to get married
Google seeks to eject authors guild from NY case over fate of world's largest ... - Washington Post
Coming to the show tonight? Either get tickets now or show up early. Not sure how long they are going to last.
All you guys out there who have Girlfriends and it's raining you better be with her cuddling and keeping her safe!
Wait what happened? I'm so out of the loop
But she doesn't tweet!
man their fanchat is insane!
Both of those things would be awesome! But I can't guarantee either, sadly.
RT : One of my favorite things @ onenote: I come up with all sorts of ideas here at the gym; onenote mobile on my phone syncs w desktop
Ha! RT : Word 2 wise: dont jump in an alleyway. She may wield a blade on u the same way shes carving ice...
The sound of rain on the window is the soundtrack to a perfect Sunday evening.
I hope u r having fun!!!!!
Kids Easter outfits - check.
I'm ready in Virginia!! RT : Morning NYC! Who's ready for #Survivor Finale & Reunion tonight w/ ?
just out of curiosity how many run-ins/arguments have you had with WBC?
Getting ready for our trip to Nashville. We play at the Hard Rock Cafe on Wednesday!
also, do u have tix to the show? we have them for $15. it'd be awesome if u could buy them here www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
Google: How to Find Other Sites Linked to Yours?
on and off insomniac... working on a lil project
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to my Twitter Moms!!! ~ ENJOY!
Thanks for the link!
I learned bitches aren't shit, just ho's and tricks
"Maybe I'll save a couple bucks and buy Trader Joe's coffee" - Me, being an idiot.
Did anyone lose an AT&T LG smartphone last night at the Brew Haus?
is wishing one of the most clever girls I know a happy birthday. Alisa, I love you So Very Much.
get ur broom ready
I cannot say what the stock price will do exactly because of the manipulation but we will have a monster 10K. GLTY bro.
Mike ’s Early View of the News April 26, 2012 Google opens foray into cloud with Drive Google stepped up competition with Apple and
great post about brands and logos
Using GOP debate for class today to spur discussion about presidential war rhetoric and campaigns. Thanks
Dang ma legs feel super smooth today!
First 2 goals of my #FIFA12 were scored by and !!
maybe next year... don't think i'm gonna make it this time :(
thanks! will check on that. hm.
Voter turnout was shockingly low @ my precinct. I was # 76 and the pools had been opened for 2 hours. No people in line under 40.
To anyone who ever told you that you're no good, They're No Better.
Yes. PC gamers console themselves with lots and lots of smugness
sorry to hear you had a tough day :( Pancakes ought to do it though!
Anyone I know at the #Giants ticker tape parade? Theater stuff this morning, but my heart is on the Canyon of Heroes.
Watching any of the jackass movies always gives me a good laugh and puts a smile on my face
u are forgetting Booberry!! That's better than Frankenberry and Count Chocula!!
Lindsey Lohann is just creating a buzz about herself & all media bit the buzz. Now she's back in the news-her goal!
i lovee twitter :)
I got a safety dance extended 12" mix dying to be heard
Robert Andino! Three run jack!
Come back to virginia?(: <3
she brought it any ways!!!! Told my friends abt it. They made fun of it until they saw she slipped it in!
Such enlightenments are so wastefully human. Now I won't give them a dime.
sweet :) have fun!
Spend money on branding! (and shoes an a bed) - Joe Englert
Nesrien: if you email me your zip file in the next hour I'll host it for you on my site and send you both the URL
Under #COasset students paying standard-rate tuition will be doing so on their own - w/ no state $ supporting those tuition costs
#swseaedu Death Math looks addicting!
No fiercer than 's.
"John is dead, but His word lives on" -Mary Magdelene . Same with the #Lord #Jesus #Christ! #ForeverTheKingLives !
“Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can - there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did.”
You are oh, so very right. You might as well flip a coin.
“: Just wanna be in my own bed”yes!
Yup!! Everyone is good just about to leave ....
Miss you.
WTF. RT His season likely over, Mariano Rivera unsure if he will pitch again
“: Oh yea I'm flame at dat”just go one step further, she will love it! My man said he didn't.... Well he is boss now
According to Arne Duncan some community colleges serve students 24 hours a day! it's like a 7-11 for education!
Song of the night: Heartbeats, either by The Knives or Jose Gonzalez. Both awesome.
Repp So Follow Me ASAP
Damn that Wizards of Waverly Place and its supernatural powers that make me stare blankly at the screen whenever it airs.
Substance > style seems to be the trend we've noticed so far 2k12. Excited to see some of the great art that pops up this year
I wish Up With Chris Hayes and Melissa Harris Perry were on (or on again) later. Also, I'm sick of Alex Witt.
"the world is your oyster, it is yours for the taking!"<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Wonder seafood dim sum , whole fish, Chinese broccoli woodbridge nj
#BetterWithNYC The city is where I roll and getting tickets for the Better W/ U Tour would be the greatest thing on earth
Thanks! So far so good, looks like all on time and to Providence by noon.
So proud of our Mustangs...we got us another road win!
I appreciate the times when I'm in the house by myself
The people on Hoarders make me emotional, especially if they have kids. Why would you make your kids live like that?!
sounds like a plan Stan
Why can't I have normal friends.
hey former student of ur yoga class! Got me?
oh I'm sorry, I didn't catch what your number was. mind giving it to me again? :) xx
From work to parent teacher conference to rehearsal....
"Critically compassionate" curriculum. Love the concept. Too bad AZ govt fought it and the curriculum does not exist anymore.
what does that suppose to mean lol
": I hate that feeling of saying goodbye to someone you just wanna spend every minute with."
I like elder scrolls oblivion.
Why is the new iPad edition of a 480MB download? That's more than 4 times last week's issue.
Caught the last quartr of American Idol with my family. How about a Baltimore native closing down the Pittsburgh auditions!?
congrats jh, one day hope to work with you, I admire your talent
Yes, it was, so sorry!
Fired up for the Draft tonight!
What would like to know more about real estate investing?
Good morning, tweeps! How are you on this fine Saturday?
Going to bed watching Bucks vs. Hawks Game 4 on my laptop, because I'm cool like that. And because I refuse to watch S-Jax vs. Paul, Griffin
chances I could get in on a beta test?
is glad ktbird & baby O escaped huge falling tree!!!
find it interesting that students don't immediately see similarity between the OOP 'bar.foo' & functional 'foo bar'
I see how it is, text me if you ever feel like young longer want to distance yourself from your wife or if you just wanna talk.
I thought Mississippi to Africa was going 2 be my summer read. I couldn't put it down. Only took 7 days to read. Great Work!
Laying here thinking about lyfe
RT : Wow! Thanks for the shout out Ray! RT : Great new singer, Angie Johnson, is on twitter as
Madison! Double encore!?! Thank you!!
happy birthday Brandon! :) xx
I don't like the thought that I'm going to die in the 21st century.
when tells me she wants my body. #GUUUURL no. you're perfect the way you are. <3
I will, same to you!
I am so bored anyone want to chat
Lmao . Some guys really don't know how to flirt . At all .
Your sparkling energy draws those things that you desire toward you, and there is nothing at all to push them away.
#funfact "Almost" is the longest word in the English language with all the letters in alphabetical order.
What are you doing?
#Health #Tip, Eat a variety of fruits, vegetables, and whole grains every day.
"Nothing can prevent war except the acquiescence of the President in our secession." Pickens' voice rose. "Regarding Sumter..."
Late night photo shoot. Eyes burning. Can't stop thinking bout my bed & comforter.
Happy Veteran's Day!
... Hello as well!
i swear this is why i'm single.
you'll see soon ;)
The District's 2012 Middle School Educator of the Year is Theresa Heim, AVID teacher at Connally MS!!
thanks Beulah. Had a great time yesterday at book signing in So Padre Island.
It half price mondays at Salon Prodigys
we are looking forward to your response to the proposal packet
what happened
right on!
is filming the feature TEN-BUCK BATON on 15th & 6th in Manhattan all day today! Look for me(MENISH) driving a yellow cab all over the place!
thanks for the FF
RT : The Sherriffs dept. found him 2 miles away down the road with his shirt off!! Thank the Lord//!!!! glory.
ahh yes I should check that out!
With Keyona and Miracle
What's the cheesiest song you're willing to admit liking? "Unwritten" by Natasha Bedingfield is going to be hard to beat, folks.
I'm in the #burbs with my parents, but I'll be in the city tonight.
Need bib list with item status = n (for billed), but not equal to anything else (i.e. no other items with any other statuses)
Thank you all for serving our country and risking your lives to keep us safe. Happy #VeteransDay!
How excited do you feel when the Fit2Go delivery folks show up to drop off your food?
Dumb rule but they know about it. His fault.
Yes, I did. And I liked it.
Today Day at Cascade Waterpark. Admission $5 kids 9-under. $10 for adults. proceeds help local kids www.cascadeAC.com RT me
Sullivan's reax is interestingly complex. Say he did it for donors, well, good for us--people can't turn on us.
Reeves birthday tomorrow!! :)
NBC what's with not showing the girls competing while watching the guys chalk?
#NC just opted out of the human race..may the powers that be have more grace for you than you deserve
Jamming to WMYB on the bus YOLO
unbelievable. Dying!
sending magic vibes thru the interwebz & purrs from my cats & virtual chocolate. Hope you're better soon.
OK, so where is the kid?
100 days til I see you guys in concert!! I'm so excited! I've been waiting for this forever, literally <3 #FollowMe :) 15
Thank you for supporting senior citizens in Madison, WI! We are honored and grateful for your sponsorship.
Yippie! That's a great sign. Did it taste delicious?
$10 won't buy shipping/customs on a donation but will buy 1 net to prevent malaria for a family through !
did not play good today
alright i get home the the 19th
Anyone know of a good multi-author Twitter app? Or generally how to set up a multi-author Twitter account?
#Kony2012 becomes the most viral video ever. Nothing else competing in the top 10 viral videos is longer than 5 and a half minutes.
I try to talk to you, & you don't talk back..
man I feel find any extra let me know
oh. #blonde !
Nice work tonight, Brew Crew!
Anyone have a G+ invite they want to share?
people 1. care about you 2. pay attention to what you have to say 3. would help find you if you ever went missing!!
"I wanna hold hands and call you pet names"
Miss the bachelor?! How dare you. Its my number source of dating advice every week!
That rocks! Thank you!
RT : u better take pictures of everything up there in tally, I'm going to miss you so much! I already miss you!
you know we love you Yuleta...<3
Amen bro!
so are you simply a gossip sight? it's cheap and lame now stop it!
nice studio
GET YOUR TICKETS NOW!! ACstyle Performing LIVE in Hollywood NEXT Friday! Exclusive Single Release Party & Access to the VIP Plush Lounge!
Thought for Today: Move More! Make it a daily challenge 2 move your body.Moving your limbs isb;t hyst a fitness tool, it's a stress buster.
I just got home from a film archivist party with projecting of 16mm home movies from the 1930s thru 1960s. Awesome stuff.
I think Im dying. My hearts been hurting since I woke up yesturday.
ah looking forward to my mediterranean lunch now
#Goodnight. #God bless each and every one of you with the conviction to share the #gospel with every nation. Put the #word into action!
lol he knows my teacher so he knows
Elle Fanning ‘Freaking Out ’ Over Ryan Gosling Crush (VIDEO) Elle Fanning is growing up so fast — and sometimes it ’s difficult t
Colleen, Uli, and I miss you
O tell me how will I know?
Hahaha, I've had that happen too! Definitely an awful feeling.
a hotel?! Lmfaoo thats too much!
Lived a dream today, did public address at PNC Park. Got asked to come back tomorrow.
things are coming along. expect us coming.
RT : Any good #foodie restaurants in #Seattle nr 5th & Stewart? Local, sustainable yumminess anyone? Let me know.
Thank you!!
The big girl on "Best Ink" is a wuss! I just had 2 tatts done on my feet. I didn't move once. She's a pussy. Respectfully speaking of course
Wow not quite 11am , bars a full in Southie for parade!<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
read USN years ago B4 it originally went out of print. Awesome book. Love the chapter on water and on sleep 2 promote HGH release
This time i want it all . .
agree: re: "Social Enterprise" semantics. I'd say no to 'social media' & 'soc biz' but I can live w/ 'social technology & platforms'
*(gets up) ughh I hate fucking school (walks to the bathroom and brushes teeth all mad and sh.t)*
who are u then?
K, finally feel confident w my prep work 4 "can u survive a horror movie" shoot tomorrow! Im now proficient in ALL the urban legends! Gnite!
“Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.” Lou Holtz
20 pages of homework. THEY'RE TRYING TO KILL ME.
I get asking for leniency on overdue fines just for the sake of asking... you know, just in case. I don't get anger over not waiving them.
. A 212 pound sturgeon?!? Now #thatsaREALLYbigfish!
Great show weekend! Everyone in #chromatic looked beautiful!!
But because he ran the play out, he was in position to score on the second error.
Haha, i would be too! :) you should a music video to unfriend you. i might be. :]
oh. Loll
the show.?
It's been awhile since I have been able to sit back, relax and enjoy my Sunday evening. So nice to be done with my #jms481 #SLP!
It is the first, immediate thing that could be done to destroy the conflict of interest between commercial and investment
take a swig out of the opposing tendys water bottle
No music just wanna hear the ...,,,
And you're so '60s surfer. LOL
Mom is trying to not let me have any contact with the world all because im pregnant ! tf ?!
I haven't always had this pace, trust!
nothing better than going to bed early on a Sunday night -- then waking up at 1:30am...oh, it's a Monday - lol.
Need to stay in Los Angeles for two nights any good promo codes right now?
I really have to catch every redlight...
I was but I told her my mom said no even though that was a lie I just didn't wanna go I wasn't feeling it today :/
Paging Phil Jackson...
praise dancing n this pageant tonight. It still hasn't started but good luck to everyone. God bless u :)
he could let up 12 runs tonight, and still would be worth more than what u offered....
follow me:)
Fans in NYC, our new samples are here & we're looking for a few models to wear them in a small photo shoot, ya dig?...
Yes! All events are free and open to the public. We'd love to see you there!
On one slideline you have Tebow Tebowing and on the other you have nature calling
At the Green Marketing presentation by the amazing, !
#waystomakemehappy spending time wit me :-)
Thanks for the #FF, sweetie. Spread the word!
Thanks! RT Liking your new name/identity!
Thanx to everyone who came out to RebelFest2 lastnite!! Fuckin rad time!!! Next stop Indy fer Danny & Rachel's wedding!! Cheers
Big things coming
I can't wait for Monday to be done! Only 30 more minutes of pure hell...
not really friends but becky katie i hear other gurls talk bout u i dont see why they do noavence but theydonthaveachance
Should have a disclaimer (our signal may not actually work as advertised in your "best coverage" area as listed on our map)
yeah it's whatever at this point
Yes ": Are you ready to win a copy of “The Music of #Smash”?"
Packing up the car with lots of fun art for Adams Morgan Day Festival tomorrow, Sunday, Sept. 11th. Stop by Belmont and say hello!
How Dare Breyanna Talk About My Movie Like That! *Dramatic Exit*
LMFAO she just started freaking out cause she realized goodbye friday is gonna be here
yes I'm surprised & afriad that team will b dismantled if they can't turnit around
About time to get the basics right and create an environment for innovation, entrepreneurship and growth. Let people create the #jobs needed
Tonight is poker night at the house. I hope to win tonight instead of donking off all my chips
why do people ride the elevator to the basement? Going down, gravity does all of the work anyways.
I don't like finding a piece of chicken in my "vegetarian soup." Pissed right now!
I have a hard time even considering giving up coffee while I work these crazy hours at work. Coffee has literally been my life saver.
> MT : Tickets are $8 for adults, $6 for youth/srs. & can be purchased at will call; any student w/ ID gets in for just $5.
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?! :)
In manalpan with jess ;*
Listening to HEAVEN by The Rolling Stones - mesmerizing! <U+2665> it!
I'll get it but I'm in Vegas till Friday with my mom.
agreed. Prolly not gonna be pac but we can dream :-)
I have a real talent for getting on the wrong bus when it's raining.
Happy Birthday !
faded the whole wide world
I'm so ready for lunch already...only 9 minutes to go!
Today Fuckedd Up Friday. . .
Be sure to check out for all of your website needs! :)
I need those blu rays! print traffic mike here haha
RT : Using analytics has increased as a set of strategic actions for contingent labor according to Aberdeen
RT if you've watched in underwear 10 times or more ;D
we need you to tour asap. May 27th would be a good day to come to Pittsburgh... ;)
My twitter fail ... Missed the #GenEd12 hashtag; used #AACU12GenEd during afternoon workshop. Oops!
Love it! RT : Every shoe in my suitcase I purchased from - I cross country.
Practice makes perfect, but nobody is perfect so why practice
Free Fastinos Sandwich! Score a Carne Adovada sandwich totally free when you mention the promo code: CA10
can't wait to possibly meet u Mr Herta at Indy this year.Remember, as if u had forgotten, U ARE DEFENDING CHAMPS!
Pete the Cat Saves Christmas by Eric Litwin & James Dean has a Night Before Christmas theme
32 & I almost forgot lol my age
thanks for following me cant wait to work with you soon .
to see about those pictures mane lol
A pun is the lowest form of humor, unless you thought of it yourself. -Doug Larson
Aw!! I miss you guys too! And all of our weird jokes haha
God damn it, I wish this was 1991. Good year of coaching for me. Less angry fans and dumb writers.
Last month we crawled 2.3 billion URLs. Guess it was a slow month.
Im Working On A Few Projects Do You Have A Portfolio?
Neal on fire #GoSpursGo!!!
I live about a mile from my job yet I'm always late.
Dancing With The Stars > The Voice :)
hobbit & evil smurf also could apply. Such a hater.
you've been saying that as long as i've known you
awesome video!
#indieview I'm here!
Some sort of Twitter hack going on. Ignore any direct messages from me.
ONE OUT LEFT
fine... but only because you asked nicely & because I happen to be done with bad boys.
. My takeaway from these sorts of n-grams critiques is not "Ha! See digital sucks!" but wow, let's fix that.
Only about ten more minutes till we serve up some Milwaukee Mexican Love!
I'm a little insulted you declined my invitation .....
i was only kidding about ernest.. I was watching #gardenstate it was so bad it was scary
Have a great day everyone
Specifically wondering if you'd travel to Madison, WI for a wedding on Fri 8/10/12 and rates, etc. Help! :)
were coming for ya tonight, better barricade the cuz bring Jamo & Powers always!
Arm and hand: weak arm
To love someone deeply gives you strength. Being loved by someone deeply gives you courage. <U+2665>
We've preached it all spring. Play the game the right way RT Best team in baseball! can they call the season?
our CEO is in Louisiana w/fam. A cousin just handed her a ball you signed/gave the cousin when on a show in LA. Cool coincidence!
lol... r u sure she did it. Well sort of funny, hope she did not do to much damage.. sorry
"I thought I had a handle on life, but then it fell off."
wow I'm tired .
aww you must have a tumblr on the count of how many FUCKING TIMES YOU SHARE YOUR URL. WE GET IT!! STOP!!
I KNOW!!") IF did do it i would have fone in my NEIGHBOORHOOD callin!(:
Want to say its fabricated but I have always heard rumors about him. I'll say money grab for now.
I forgot to mention I'm wearing a smoking jacket and a monocle while I'm drink it. Now *that's* class.
I love your gages!! What size are they? I have my conch and my industrial pierced:)
good. Headed back to the A next month.
Who wants to hear the truth when they can hear they're right?! -
saaaweet! Let's go this summer and knock that sucka off my bucket list!!
#heterosexual #iWasBornThisWay ROFL!
So happy I discovered the Monday night specials at tonight! Yum!
NEED A BF PLEASE HELP
Hey Princeton tell ur mom i said Happy Birthday! :)
With an off day to follow, I may have to stay off the internet until Saturday morning.
Zombie Wonderland for iPad?
large pizza with three toppings for seven bucks
I feel bad for the girl who is having to give a pedicure to the chick with Harry and the Hendersons legs!
Looked in to this about a year ago & it seems like the answer is no. Pls let me know if someone has devised a way since then.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> ok sweetie I'm tryin to get u lol
HSAs...unit tests...final exams <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Rascal Flatts talking CMA's, Taylor talks goals, Brad and Carrie too! Artist Audio up now on #productionvault!
Watching National Treasure with my mommy
Your book looks interesting. I haven't tried teaching online yet although do lots of online assignments in classes.
beautiful morning to head to set!
weather in Chile is beautiful
being a little kid and not havin anything to worry about is definately #SomethingIMissTheMost !!
Crystal Welsh is Steve's sister,the 1 who heard about this walk,gathered a team of her closest friends,&stepped out to lead
Its great because its hot and sunny in California today! ...and other stuff that i dont want to jinx.
Ur breath stinks...go rocking in the tree top
Tommy Boy eports you can get a good look at a T-bone by sticking your head up a bull's ass, but he'd rather take his butcher's word for it.
Party bus tonight.... can't wait.
the thing i hate most abt holiday season: the over-commercialization of #Christmas. 9 out of 10 commercials all abt xmas shopping, spending
Seeds from this orange soak, To grow Granny's tree again, In a blue clay bowl.
aw! As long as we have cell phones and computers I'll always have you.
Omg turkeys have testacles...I had no idea...
All the problems stuck between mind and matter. . If u don't mind, It doesn't matter..
thank you, thank you for sharing blog & vote - love ya! Excited for zoo Wed!
One day you'll see the clear blue, Beyond the Gray Sky. Happy day to all and to all a good night!
any chance for special 'v-neck editions' of the standard issue tees?
Bored. Bout to go to school. I repersent ECMS RAMS Baby. We be rocking ova hea.So if u think bout moving to dewy rose or elberton! RAMS BOO
It can be an incredible challenge to effectively communicate something new to someone who doesn’t see it.
I like a Year In Paratexts more than a Year In Film
“: YOU MUST! It's interactive with chefs @ the bar.” Sounds fun!
the awkward moment when im wide awake and i didn'mr get any sleep last night..
When goes off on me for no reason lol IDK what I did
as much as you mention him, I'm surprised he hasn't put out a restraining order on you.
Isn't this just the EPL version of Houston? Not sure that will be fun to watch. 4. 4. 2. Hoof it into the box.
RT : Don't worry, North Carolina, you'll do fine when all the smart young folks move away.
Joel-E-oly, I do have a few friends at the Royals... I'm trying to find them on twitter so I can put you in touch.
Rush's venom now envelops the GOP and its candidates. No clear and unambiguous condemnation. Americans won't tolerate this.
I'll email you two and we'll get working on it!
Hi Chris, great to a have a theater artist on board.
I just love when my fantasy players starting kicking butt...esp. a week after the start of the playoffs I failed to make. Good times.
I'm so sorry! thank you so much!
Promote your Text Coupons and QR Codes FREE at www.GoCityText.com Contact me and I'll post it under your select city! Offer expires 7/30/11
On my way to Napa to debut Qponomics partnership with the Napa Chamber of Commerce!
$50 for a slightly used Alpinestars padded jacket that matches my bike when retail is about $200? I think I got a pretty good deal :)
Sunday Funday! Happy hour prices on wells and drafts all night, 5pm-close! Bring your 21+ self, your I.D., and have fun!
Sir I'm a huge fan!!! Started listing to you when I was a truck driver. Of course it was at night in sat. Radio in repeat.
“Whoever thought a tiny candy bar should be called fun size was a moron.” <U+2015> Glenn Beck
Just had an awesome class with . Our guest speaker was very helpful. Taught us about google and youtube. Thank you Jess
Getting ready to watch the #RevolverGoldengods awards :D only on
good to meet you. So what's the deal with this cheeseburger club? Cheers
my latest obsession: Summer Heights High. Has anyone else heard of it?
I'm beginning to think that it's the other way around. These hips don't lie. Thanks for the support!
rofl! Their not THAT hot! I gave one to my mom.. She unknowingly took a big bite of death!
I just want to lie in bed and watch TV but I can't find my glasses.
Well, here we go. Looks down again after the digestion.
RT : Tribune company (LA Times/Chicago Trib) hooking up with fan journalism sites is one of the worst branding moves ever.
I almost forgot. My official last tweet as a 14 year old goes out to my little brother He's the ultimate friend and my brother.
RT :lots of love & a huge #FF shoutout 2 4 giving the best #wax in town! :)She's an amazing & talented aesthetician! ty
Playing big my man! Time to turn it up and play above what you and the team thought was possible! Boston's scared.
I never make an effort to get up unless my iPod dies.
Google... or Hipmunk
Lovers dance when there feelin in love spotlight shinning it's all about us
The first time a prof introduced that concept, my brain basically exploded. I've never been the same. (Thankfully.)
Thanks so much! I can't wait to get out on the line :) Two more weeks, two more weeks!
hey, go easy on those calendars. They are the most useful thing I get out of the city.
Most exciting sporting event in NYC tonite... #NYRangers, hands down.
$2 Rumchatas tonight at The Harp Irish Pub! 113 E Juneau
Can someone elist all man made problems on earth?!
Thanks for following us! We look forward to your updates.
You know where to find me. RT : this 7 is up and ragin..call me maybe??
WOW! Thanks for that. Now I feel 10x more like crap ._. Loljk
Need something to do after this boring ass class
Cassandra, can you be at Portraits by Carolyn Foster on W. Weiuca at 1:30 for a photoshoot? Xo
Love when a cool article idea pops in your head, then you Google it up, and see that it was covered already in 2003.
xoxo RT : Check out Really cool stuff. Heck, while you're at it, say hello to my little friend
Our mission to detect drug use for Newark NJ school kids should be of interest to you. www.drugfreehomefoundation.org
Netflix you are dead to me. No streaming of Anchorman?!
u n dallas ?
lol really? its like that?
South of France Inspired Quiche! Get New recipes every day! join the banwagon!
Yup, Jay and I holding it down this morning. I've got info on the Dolan Holy Hill Mass tonight, and Honor Flight!
Aw, why thank you :)
Need to register for next semester's courses.
Starting at 2pm in Room C (2nd floor) Social organizing with Come see your Facebook friends become your call list!
Had crucial conversations w/ new clients yesterday.Some r taking advantage of the Twitter coaching discount I offered.
Please log off. Forever. RT : Everythang Look Good On Ha But Her Head
Who am I where am I what am I?
Props to the NYPD for loving my look last night <3
By the way, I hate .co as a url suffix. This is made worse when GoDaddy tries to sell it by objectifying women.
When a person is happy, he is always good. But it is not always good people are happy
Love face to face! Just met at #ibmsocbiz Congrats on wedding and new gig!
WEEKLY drink special: PUMPKIN FRAPPE!!!
Amsterdam/London/Dublin in three days. Excited to catch up with folks.
You can now support AUTISM RECOVERY with Sign up and use your "loose change" to help in buying an Early Screening Mobile Clinic.
making your own choses in life everyone has there own opinion and wether they like it or not just tell them to fuck off !
It can be so very expensive for a musicians to record music!
WILL YOU EVER SEE MY TWEETS :(
really misses my best friend needs chives times
yeah I still been looking, and what's the name u came up with g
Listening to talk on MapR: a highly optimized version of Hadoop. If the filesystem works well outside of MR, this could be big.
I'd sell ur stuff! Lol and buy weed! Haha
did you do Frye's work?
Heading to press conference on the windy shores of lake Michigan. Say tuned for updates & pics!
Todays special summer sausage and colby jack with lettce maYo and onion on wheat toast. choice of side $6.95
Everyone wish my girl a happy birthday! Love you sweets! I'm ready for tonight's festivities! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Love love love work days where I'm done by 10am!
So the music dude said that my songs sound like everything else on the radio. I said that was good enough for me. He said radio songs suck
alright see ya and im serious bout the running thing
Sound like dog shit once, shame on you... Sound like dog shit twice, shame on me.
construction sites are always moments away from destruction.
omg Whit, I think that show is SO hilarious! ps you were in my dream last night. san big red van, unfortunately.
is back today with their new Spring Line! Go show them so love
Can anyone suggest an article/ blog post/ other resource with suggestions for how an #archive can effectively use Twitter?
col. I think sleep is going to win right now.
In 1880, Richard Etheridge became the US LifeSaving Service's first Black commander when he took charge of Pea Island, NC lifesaving station
Vicki your great! Can't wait for you to return to Louisville, KY.
yeah it was pretty legit
Right back at you. MT : #FF some of my talented media friend diaspora. , , and
only if you tickle my balls
Playing sunset towers (tower bar) tonight, in duo, 7:30.
sicily and bari Italy
I'm not kidding about the restrooms.
Ugh, I want to meet him so bad.
Have fun!
I hope it's fun for you and thanks for the compliment sweetie.
Cardiac Nats...tonight's 4-3 win over Phillies is their 10th one run victory of season
why jamika calling me out? lol
Happy #MothersDay to all Moms and stepmoms out there.
Finally won at a casino.
Special Shout Out To Ya. # FF. FB.
well tell her I said thanks! Who is it?
It's not always about who helps you... But paying it forward to help them.. Good karma going around via
Of course, you can add anyone to your list of contacts, but aim for your targeted market
Aw,I love your profile pic too, it is so cute:)! I'm doing good lady, trying to live in the studio. How's my beautiful sis?
You can close your eyes and pretend its all a bad dream, but eventually you will have to wake up to reality
Saving you life is getting more common haha
And we're off!! is under way.
Its great to see so many active tweeters!!!
i gotta work tomorrow, but maybe Thursday
#HappyMothersDay love u
I feel like a genius watching kids Jeopardy week.
Thank goodness for computers. OMG does my handwriting suck.
whoa someone sounds angry
oh... They might've. I was only on during the first part of the argument. I didn't talk to dillon today though because I-
Today in Invention History: Drs. Leder and Stewart issued first patent for new animal life form - a genetically altered mouse in 1988
thanks. really glad you got to see it. cool evening overall, huh?
It was a great joy to work on this wonderful audiobook project this year! Thank you.
now THAT is the truth. We get an A for effort right? Most of my teachers go for that. JK they totally dont!
its been two weeks since i saw my granddaughter yikes! this weekend is the time especially since i am leave again.
I won't be home lol I can't call in or listen :(
thanks you so much!!! prayers always needed, especially now as we jump off the cliff with God!
The most precious gift you can give a girl is the gift of your time and attention.
I think that's what it's called..
Life's a moderately good play with a horribly written third act.
M what ya say? M that you only meant well? M what ya say? M that its all for the best, of course it is!
#OnceYou read The Hunger Games, will be #foreverinourhearts!
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
": Me too QT : I want a diamond grill for my bottom teeth lol" they sell em errywhere down here bruh
My life couldnt get any better right now :)
we honestly don't wanna see Philly so I invite the Knicks to the united center
I am
A truly excellent article!
Oh boy, we have some exciting news for you guys. Check back in with us tomorrow!
Finally having the first drink of the night. Vodka and cranberry juice.
I'm feeling good as fuck right now
The winning combination: Grape, Lemon, Watermelon by Maria S. Congrats on guessing the combo! We will be announcing our next giveaway soon!
Good Night Family
Unsolicited Advice: Avoid any man who uses the word "preggers".
What? No Joomla love? ;-)
Happy, happy Birthday to ! Have a glorious day!
thank god!! I thought I left it at the lakehouse!
Good morning #chicago have you tasted our new Artisan Bagels yet?
Sports Illustrated NBA Insider joins me on in moments.......we'll talk NBA Playoffs, D Rose & Blazers GM search.
This time there was a woman to blame.
Another world is not only possible,she is on her way.On a quiet day I can hear her breathing- Arundhati Roy via Steven Lewis
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not
FYI: If your traveling in San Antonio, avoid the 1604 N eastbound at Stone Oak. TOTAL shut due to major accident.
A l w a y s gotta have my music playing when I get ready nisshh.
I also love that twitter now lets you "emoji" :)
the truck visits the #AmericanU quad today from 11:30-2. Wear your #wonk shirt and get $1 off wonky fries or wonky dog
Somebody wake me from this nightmare. I can't escape this hell!
Very true that there is nothing better then iced Kenya brewed on the Clover or in a Toddy. :)
I don't need to justify it. I just like drinking beer. And it's making me gain weight. Yaaaay
work any missing persons cases like in the 80s?
amazon = life
I create content and have had it stolen. But, I oppose SOPA & PIPA. Censorship is more dangerous than copyright infringement.
(kendall) I will try (me) lol
Its supposed to rain tomorrow, but i still make this job uniform look sexy....
hm.....we should recruit NPH to host!
We have a new server ready - vpn-in110 OpenVPN (SSL) server in New York
Great drawing of Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber!
I would tweet you something crazy, but mr. popular never acknowledges my existence .___.
I also blocked you so the fact that you saw that me means that you proved my point
getting my nails done <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
your prob a good dude. My wife tho? Come on dude
#havingayoungersiblingsucksbecause if they're a jerk yo you,you can't really say "blah blah was being mean to me!"If there youngerbylike
Heh, yeah, I don't even know what I'm ranting for. Everybody knows it sucks. Some folks just think they have to do it anyway.
LIES! RT : But You Ain't Got No Ass Doe
Canada. Swag. Dream. Never Say Never. 16 millions of followers. the best fan base. Supras. = Justin Drew Bieber. <U+2665>
Great. Thanks, Kathleen. Now I'm hooligan angry. Aggressive pitching to follow.
We have a big project in Laguna Niguel, CA. Pacific Wildlife Project needs help with roofing, flooring, wire cage construction, etc. etc.
Going to do a little Twitter/Facebook scraping with #Apache #Cassandra and #Ruby on #Rails. 500% more WUB WUB
R.I.P former #Raider DT Chester McGlockton. Chester we hope you and Al give 'em hell up there! Best wishes to Chester's friends and family.
Actions speak louder than words.
Did we mention we are throwing a bday party tomorrow night at Sticky Lips with our boys in AudioInflux? Be there
Before we had our son I said he wasn't gon wear nuttin but polo but damn these baby clothes expensive..."wal-mart this,target that" smdh
Family game night with 3 new games from goes to ! Congrats!
But who wants to be followed by 7 jerks? Not me.
agreed. Everything is the same, Day after day. quite frankly, I'm absolutely sick of it! :p
That was really fucked up but oh well....
- We are so excited that we get to work with you at the Maggie Mae's show on Thursday! Let us know if you need anything!
"Transcoding": kind of a fancy word for screen scraping regular site for mobile. Hard to do, hard to maintain, doesn't work well.
wonderful, will the proceeds be coming in shortly?
Actress Tori Spelling is 39. Actress Lynn Collins is 35. Actress Melanie Lynskey is 35. Actress Megan Fox is 26. Actor Jacob Zachar is 26.
The rain ruined my day :/
I'm replacing a leak. :)
Click "Collect Me" to help me win $10,000 and a show in the most immense exhibition of art in New York City : Art Takes Times Square....
Christ & spirituality-proximity is priority.
uh oh whAt makes you say this?
Murphy's Law of Laundry states that the article of clean clothing that I drop when removing clothes from the dryer must be something black.
I hope they ate made of something edible so the starving people can eat them!
digging the tunes, all you need now is a beer at skippers and baseball, and you have officially made it to summer!
Bahahaha! We had snow like a week and a half ago here in Kansas... It's all melted now :)
yea hit me wit a txt 2103093139
Whoops. Great nugget regarding usability testing from web improvement sess. watch users test, don't ask what they want.
Why is it snowing at the stadium but not here, a few blocks away?
WHEN WILL THE DAY COME WHEN YOU FOLLOW ME WHY DO YOU LIKE TO IGNORE ME :(
We live in a buyer-driven economy
Nice to see you, Andre Iguodala.
that paper cut might have gone a bit too deep, it's not light out...it's 11.45pm!
so many job apps...trying to create the perfect resume!
Lynne, that sounds wonderful! How did they respond?
yes him! Never leaving my room again hahaha
hell ya publicity can i help 12inch cock
A balanced diet is important, but they sure are delicious!
totally jealous!!
Never seen this movie
Feel like I've overstayed my welcome and I feel like death.
The bro next to me at MoMA: "I love paintings with tits in them but if i did hang stuff in my house I'd have to keep it bitch-friendly"
I would be happy to sign your "excused absence," though I'm not sure how much weight it would carry! LOL!
#ReplaceEminemSongWithShady shady conscience
No room for all the drama
Michael Brodkorb not at press conference
Chillin at Phonathon this lovely Sunday afternoon trying to make that mula$! Give to the RISD Annual Fund!
Oh so nervous about this game!
you need sleep precious <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
We are waiting for the new bride to make her grand appearance in Champagne Palace <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D> C O N G R A D U L A T I O N S<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
I had a pretty wild night, not gonna lie. Played Bejeweled till 3am.
#teamfollowback. Let's go. I follow back.
We don't mind either! :) Let us know what you think
Sorry, Karl didn't have a string of albums and top hits that changed the entire music industry ... regardless of his personal life ... I ...
Hi Lindsay! You're doing a great job btw! So happy my Bearcats have won he LB! Now the Bengals' game- FINISH STRONG CINFB!
We are closed for the weekend. With predicted rain over the next few days check your wiper blades, Bad Blades=Scratched Windshield
Only reason I'm on twitter is because of not .99¢ porn
Aw, we can't choose. How nice of you to send a card!
Oh!!!! Your finally on twitter!!!
The 1-cr word study class I was teaching-- today was our last day. I think they will all sleep well tonight! :)
I am watching the Hazmat team pull up at the HIlton in Portland. The whole place has yellow tape around it. What's going on?
At the Games: Creating Connections to Collections session Minn Convention Center 101 GH
Finally off Saturday fa now she said unless sumdan cum up
forward to the Texas shows in march. Missed the show last year now it's time to rock. Hook it up so I can hang with u guys
Marlene didn't remember the Regal Beagle!!Larry? Jack? oh shit 3s Company! 4s a Party!
twitter is so distracting.
Haha !!! And what are you think about it ?? More than 1000 tweets, more than 2000 following, and more than 200 followers... <U+2665>
Auditioned for season 3! Maybe I will have better luck this time around! Haha
RT : About 2 watch 'I Want Your Money' again, a must-see documentary.. Shout2 !!! // Wazzzup?! ;)
:/ if its possible. You def should do both :D
going to The Roxy this eve...anyone else?!
The AL East is flip-flopped from years past. So interesting.
It costs about 3 reais. ( called the dollar in your country ) Reais = dollar. is the same thing.
love seeing the season 1 final four in the after show! Can't wait for tomorrow!
would sara go on a date with me?
Xtamina is doing it big in Miami on South Beach, come out and join us for free food, drink, and cash.
Sitting up straight and standing tall makes me feel...
concert august 31st! i know, i have said it a million times, but i'm so excitedd!!!! :D
#twitterhugs Jackie, I know Nick was your favorite player.
oh yeah deviants r lurking. im installing a deviant monitor in my passenger seat ...and bedroom.
so, apparently.. because I'm home, I'm supposed to clean house..? HA. no?
When I'm scrolling on my phone and accidentally delete things on Facebook and then have no clue what I just deleted.
#ThankATeacher goes out to both of my parents, three of my cousins, my step-brother, and all the teachers who taught me and teach my kids!
downloading mayday parades new sound which suckss cause they sound lke every other boy band now! =(
plus, you've got to spend money to make money #phrasespetetheplannerprobablyhates cc:
Dude - when r u back in town? RT : wish I could get some quality time with that guy!
Descuento Libre now has coupons for food and personal products! Do you use coupons at the supermarket or pharmacy? How much do you save?
vic dya know what awards ceremony/event eva longoria was at lat night? Or any chance u have a pic of her hair?
who's driving to the 859 tonight?
missed the slogan, but they're always stupid.
Anyone out there coming in for Dolla Burg's tonight?
Who does Dracula get letters from? His fang club.
hi rose, I'm also looking at intersections between critical theory and LIS. Cheers, salud! Johnny
i am so tired of being sad all the time, i'm tired of caring so much and being treated like crap for it. i need a punching bag.
Yes, it's amazing. Never had a complaint.
We'll burn like falling stars tonight. And run like vampires from the daylight.
Guest from Yesterday: You guys are so happy, is that real or a façade? My thought: Lady, if you only knew...
Saints Deserve This Martyrdom at Hands of NFL’s Goodell After leading the New Orleans Saints from the post-Hurricane Katrina doldrums t
we gon have to play sometime
yes,he uses his real name!!!!!
Your hand-made jewelry is beautiful. Keep making more please :)
Terrific dinner at Acadia tonight. Cocktails-menu-wines-service-everything spot on. Many thanks, will be back soon!
Since white people get to say nigga n nigger freely I'm saying cracker,honkey, n jive turkey to respond
Trust me. You have never seen this many turkeys.
It's Saturday! Basically my Friday, I get a day off tomorrow from work!
Obama: I want America to win the future
ill be waiting .
must get moving, must get moving!!! can't get moving.......!!
No joke. My birthdays tomorrow and I forgot how old I will be. It must be pretty old!
Body policing is a social disease. Don't let it infect you.
CFO: Entering into discussion with labor, wkrs to fine tune 401k. Rahm: Nothing can undermine DB plan though. 70% wkrs have both plans.
I'm. really going to bed now
Call us immediately for all of your online media and marketing needs (949) 407-6253
Um I'm at a lower east side bar waiting for macullay culkin come out & DJ...on his iPod. They sectioned off a couch n table 4 him w candles!
Had an amazing 23rd birthday yesterday!
Thank you for the recs!
my woman is on twitter. Her!
Good morning, kids!
f***ing awsome and school start in 3 days lol
oof, Angel Pagan goes down swining; some of this is the peril of facing unknown pitcher for 1st time, but this kid Friedrich looks legit
"I don't want a Happy Meal, I want a Sad Meal."
Our office is colder today than any day #Nashville had this winter
no pressure at all then! #sportingkc till I die! gonna try and get out there tonight....
I don't do girl on girl but u 2 go right ahead!!! LMAO J/k I am so high right now!!!!
meh it's just the 10K 6-max. Probably a fish laced field obv.
Come to the premiere of Una Noche at Tribeca this Thursday please! its an INCREDIBLE FILM!!!
Soldier Shooting Spurs Focus on Combat Stress By C ROBERTSON &A O'CONNOR 44-year-old Army sgt has been charged w murder aggravated assault
Me too!! SO many sex-bots!! Money scams too.
Feels like Thursday... is PAN pub starting in 45 minutes?
I like that you attributed the rumor to "this guy" though. :)
Add a little Medical Marajauna to your brownies and you will get your dairy your greens and your carbs and an open mind
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 70
Just read the #hungergames. I think part of our love of the story is that we would love the Games if they were real. Thoughts?
I'm from Portland and my mother Melody was friends with Mona, wondering if you are still in touch would love to find her.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> RT : S/o to for being the only senior that has to go to school tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Celebrate National Margarita Weekend at our Doral location. Half priced Margaritas during happy hour today and ALL day Saturday and Sunday.
Experience is how life catches up with us and teaches us to love and forgive each other.
If Russ smith comes out Pitino should be fired immediately after this game.
lmao you never said anything and me and cain had like an hour long conversation haha
have u watched via 2 nd one ? ITS AWESOME
Sandbar Lounge will be Packed Out Tonight! Dj Spinnin Hot Music All Nite. 710 West. Willow Ave Long Beach 90806.
California Flower Mall DIY Mother's Day Flower Gift Guide Shows How to Give ... - PR Web (press release)
seminar live NOW - The Science of E-mail marketing #EmailSci Email = Homework to the average consumer
MONSTER'S INC with Hannah. LOVE this movie. :] <3
I can only keep 1 present...
I'm going to a function Wed that honors local law enforcement. Usu an interesting event.
outlook? *ducks*
I want to meet you too girl! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
I should really put a "welcome home" mat in front of the donut hole end cap at Walgreens.
hey! ur not following me?
I swear mothers day was in march?
LOL....you speak the truth, brother. :-)
We cracked a towel in half this morning
I think its the silky DJ Quik hair.. Like a big ass pimp tattoo. I ain't mad ya tho country croonin playa <3
TGIF! Come in for a fish fry made with 's Louies Demise Amber ale!
If you lost in space, you surely can't show me how to stay grounded on earth.
Jah lives! Children yeah!
One of those days when you have to just forget about the first half and start fresh. It's never too late for a new beginning <3
Stoked! Seriously, cannot wait! RT I think I have a new reason to like the holidays. My favorite people come back to MKE.
Agreed. Look what happened at EMA! Nothing short of stellar!!!
cool.. Imma meet u dwn da street, to pick it up...
Kill like we know how. Killing like we’re allowed.
#rt Some lucky person is going to win 2 Drivn Apparel tees today just for mentioning & following us. Will it be you?
Following you pfb
Loved the story!
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf She finds out I'm on twitter. -Tweet by childish
Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best. -H. Jackson Brown
Everyone follow so we can make this City better.
BABE FINA COME C ME......OMG I LOVE DAT SEXY ASS TALL RED TATTED DREAD HEAD DADDY DO SOME TO ME!!!!!!!
Battle ship is too funny lmao
NONE cuz the guy wuld be under the jail quick fast, like common sense, no questions asked! That's all the folks protesting wnt in this case
JUST RANDOMLY REPLIED TO ME I AM FREAKING OUT OMFG
This thunder <<<<<
Today I watched Paula Deen wrap a block of mac n cheese in bacon, bread it, then deep fry it in peanut oil. I am in awe.
Our Sushi & Champagne Dinner Party is looking really good this Saturday. Make Reservations ASAP Contact for Birthdays - Tables
I wanna dance with somebody- my favorite Whitney Houston song. <3 rip
No one tests the depth of a river with both feet.
Seth or the drink? ;) Hahahaha
I need a new Avi .
Rolland deserves a win after all the help for Voeckler, EuropeCar has raced and amazing #tdf TT will be so exciting go
Party was so fun (: Off to bed. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> Nightt loves. (:
yup yup besties
#Huguely attorney, doesn't contest "an altercation occurred". But asks jury, "where's the intent to kill?"
It's amazing what you find when you excavate tree pits in New York City! Tons of bricks and bits of years gone by.
NRLC presser starts in one hour. Hope all goes well.
why the sad faces?
you see our new snapbacks?
re: Matches Patches - didn't Hop also come out in 3D this year?
I am not a student anymore ... I finished my masters degree two years ago and have been looking for a job since Jan. 2010
flying to DFW tomorrow!
Cool! Get up to Boston or Portland, ME. We could put on a sick show!
Holy shit, its so soft.
no matter what you do, much respect for your game and what you did this season.
Thanks 4 the bike lane up Admiral in W. Sea. -- not. What a waste & it is so pleasant 2 drive up the hill now through potholes!
Let see what happens, i track dumped on everything.
Playing tonight at Twins Jazz Club in Washington, DC. 8 & 10 sets.
bubba cales says hey. I'm his bros friend and was gonna tell you that this weekend
"Dear Martins, we need to talk" e-blast idea that got a large open rate, but freaked out the staff...
CONGRATULATIONS on ACS's 20th! The best yet to come:)
done plz tell Justin to follow me
My worst hangover was me in a bath three inches with my head on the side of the tub. I was afraid I would drown. ( author :anonymous)
Just thought of my next Halloween costume: Ken Burns. Carry a frame around, and walk slowly towards people. Too bad, I said it 1st.
my email is and phone is 602-624-0303. Let's connect soon.
funny shit..I'm vacationing.. also turned 40..& mostly cause I can too..living the dream!!
I like that you guys are basically arguing over whether a playoff would be too popular and awesome.
a punter questions a qb maturity .... pre season game rivalry talk
Todays the day! :) Definitely gonna cry today... <3
And yes, I understand how wrong "contentious" is for Portland, but that's too bad. Blending in has never been my deal.
Aww sorry for not replying sooner! I was at youth group! :)
he's getting there! “: big arms huh? hulk big”
did u get it? I sent it marcovitz
I cant download instagram on my phone i cant find it in the andriod store. What do i do!!!
Playing the new fruit ninja like its my job
It doesn't matter where you're coming from. All that matters is where you are going to. ~Stephen Covey
Time? What's that?
but I do bad things when I am a crazy bitch like act like a crazy bitch. :-) I feel calm after but full of remorse.
follows me please : ) im fans of u :D 4
I had a feeling you would be excited, lol!
Yeah I'm now sure that Elvis Crespo has the same affect at Erotic City!
Of course gets it too!!! Cheers
hearing this song brings a smile to my face:)
All my followers plz follow she is my cuz, she is lucky bc I'm famous, keep up the followers and I will keep followin bak!!!
Well I guess I know what song I'll be listening 2 repeatedly for a 1/2hour. Needed a break from jazz anyway.
album TODAY! Help support local business and pick up your copy ! Schweet!
Just finished cool outdoor kitchen for Arciform architecture firm using our random assorted circle #mosaic #tile. Want 2 C pics!
episode of big bang i havent seen yet =D
just finished setting Wm Blake (Holy Thursday) poem for voice and piano. To hear my music Primalcine.com/Brian Cheverie's Music Page.html
I'm offended that you don't even remember being there... HAH!
What the fuck man
You are part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor!
Dear Pope, Religion and birth control are more compatible than you may think. Every time a condom breaks, someone learns to pray
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>RT : The clap turned into a standing ovation then the wave....#oomf moms booty does this....
Thank you -you as well!
looks like the laker fans on my timeline went to bed early as fuck
I was born in the wrong era.
The Clippers are getting cheated in their own building. Damn shame
Downtown St Pete, FL for the night....
can't watch tonight, hockey game and bbq but i'll catch the episode tomorrow
perfect, I'd also like a shot glass, T-Shirt, Guiness, Jameson, some dirt in jar and a key chain.
Everything is lookin' fresh and delicious today. Come eat at San Su!
Miami's what i'm reppin'.
Lunch Hour: NEWS: Kimchi BBQ Taco Launches Today!
I may be wrong here, but I think the household poll was 1 of many polls they used, other than the estimate poll.
: U downtown today w/ for the race?
Flagrant foul? If chandler gets thrown out I'm not watching the playoffs anymore.
TONIGHT ONLY! Get 1/2 off a pepperoni, sausage & pepper or eggplant & fennel pizza! Password is "INFINITY" *Dine in only*
DOH! soon enough :)
Forty is the old age of youth; fifty the youth of old age
#sarcasm #thirdeyedblindstation #playing <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
I think I like Khloè the best out of all the Kardashians
At birthday celebration at Sea in Bklyn. Thai food rules!!!!!
C'mon Heat!!
Loiter Squad <
West Virginia Bound with my family : )
wait hold on. In order, left to right. Me, bro, sis and dad
Yes they will be there :)
RT : In their contract negotiations, the Celtics should just play the Gino video until KG re-signs.
Hi Every one! Check out our brand new website! www.aeiweb.org!
They still dodnt start my hair yet
yeah but playin lacrosse in this weather sucks
When people in your school try and tell you something about Austin, and you're just like "Yep, I knew that months ago, bye."
This choir sounds like they just took all the black keys on a keyboard and tried to make harmony. The complete pits
sorry for worrying you!
" I don’t know what band shirt to wear for warped..... this is a serious problem, people"
Developing powerful strikes, starts with a feel for the physical ground beneath your feet and knowing how to utilize your body's motion.
My favorite non-Disney cartoon character. (Pluto's my favorite Disney.)
RIP Whitney.
i like beach hut and i cannot lie..
": My aunti made me some greens dressin mac n fried chicken bout to smash" u at my mama house ?
I used to think "No More Moves" meant you beat Bejeweled. Oh, what a fucking fool I once was.
Ten years ago: President George W. Bush announced that he and Russian President Vladimir Putin (POO'-tihn) would sign a treaty to shrink
never put that in my head!
I'm 18 baby. Turn in that first cut pass
oh that sounds fun!
Thanks, , I probably never would have connected Chihuly and Chthulu without your post - now I can't avoid the similarity.
Home Front: news from the home improvement community
: Hey Kevin! Thanks for being my first REAL follower! I literally signed up just to follow others, but we'll see - looks fun!!!
It's the last of our #CrafternoonDelight events w/ today! Gonna be a fun day with lots of great people! See you there!
My prayer for you today is that you walk in love, share your faith, and execute your gifts for kingdom glorification. God bless!
Decided to start up a custom game/animation fab. media business..can't wait to get it off the ground!
oh my gosh! haha. real life?! good thing ur the prof and it wasn't an assignment you had to turn in ;)
Andrew Luck, welcome to Indianapolis! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
The Application for London Fall Semester is April 1st! Hurry and apply now for this amazing experience!
God bless you. We will always stand with you.
Finally home . (: <3
“The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.” Chuck Palahniuk
I have no idea what the hell that is but still don't think it's worth it
Me too! I love Mobwives!
Coaching's going well. Schedule's not jam-packed but working on it! :)
Good news: our floors have been buffed & waxed to a beautiful sheen. Bad news: they aren't yet dry, so we may open late today. Stay tuned.
what's being done to combat car breakins in SF? 3x in two mos personally; reduces my diet to water and bread. Thx. Retweet!
Due to weather, tomorrow's breakfast has been moved to Ritz-Carlton Ballroom Salon 1 & 2.
women that suck dick with comndoms on....how does nonoxynol-9 taste???
Ha. That's funny. Love. RT : There's another Republican debate tonight? I thought they were against assisted suicide?
but i care about you. that's all that matters c:
He's done on Tuesday. Are you done yet in St Louis?
Edward Norton, where have you been lately??
Happy Bday Tim! RT : Happy Birthday to Angels' PR Machine Tim Mead
Hey everyone!
SMH. I have the typical male response to all the judgy ppl. "I will kick somebody's a$$ if they say something" LOL!
As much as I hated band in the past, I really am gonna miss it.
I love how introduced me to his friends: "Remember how I talk a lot about hugs? This is her."
I think you mean Tom Hanks
Yupp I think Donald is going home.
And kids are so proud of their casts. They get their classmates and friends to sign them.
your uncle and I went to the #Rockies game tonight
Guys who get really into sports and yell at the TV >>>>>
the big question: to map one comprehensive transit map tool, or map diverse mapping tools/apps? #transpo thanks
Why do people insist on pronouncing his name "reim-hold." There's no h & if anyone is "holding" him, it's me
cooking. yes.
I really want to read the book Information Diet
How sweet! Thanks! I can keep secrets. ss. ;)
it's definitely a tear?
You can sponsor a Twitter party? RT It's commercial time, but the party isn't missing a beat! Brt to u by Salon.com
#teachers-we want to follow you! Mention us and if you have a picture & bio related to K12 Ed we'll follow back!
YES and YES
“God doesn’t give you the people you want, he gives you the people you need
Just turned in my Traffic Director app for !
#LAStageTalks Readings have become a genre of their own (Alice) got a big response.
Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed. -
Yes he is! All kinds of fine.
sweet! I'll check that stuff out. I can send you some of my blofeld patches too, once I figure out how to dump a patch
Sweet potatoes are great for healthy vision - they contain #Vitamin A, C, B12, and E.
Let the GAMES begin!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #24hours !!!!!! 43
Just checked out the blog, you got an awesome looking site!
G'Morning<U+2665>
ARIANA<3 you're such a princess, please tweet me back! i love u mucho<3 i hope you see this :((((<\3
. . . ALYSSA WTF DO IT. If you have ever listened to me before, listen to me now omfg.
#IThankGod that He is a trending topic on twitter! Let's go Body of #Christ! Let's exalt the name of #Jesus !!!
In the dr whit bristny
Going to sleep in my monkey hat... Don't judge me.
MKSAP: 36-year-old woman with a history of migraine
What's the news?
it's such a good feeling, isn't it. :-)
i just read that is going to judge on the next season of the x factor. i feel like a child for how excited i am right now...
WTH!!?? Ntelos is underneath USC and they have the iPhone and USC doesn't come on USC get the iPhone!
Smell is to the 5 senses as Tito was to the Jackson 5.
Fixing an RV has never been so sad.
I has a hot dog!
So hard to get ROI in training, but take a look at the benefit (I call it ROE: Return on Expectations)
I admire my mom for having two jobs and being a single mom doing it all . I love her !
now i knw he has someone look @ his tweets
RT : Want to join and put finishing touches on the Exhibit Wed evening? DM us if so
seersucker is always adorable
Starting off my Monday morning with some basketball (:
Gays in here be looking like Juan Gabriel eww I said eww!!!!!!!
CIVIL surgeon Mary Walker Evans - TONIGHT! Ohio Chautauqua on the Commons, Chester, SR 248
sleep now...
All the brothas got dreads shoulda kept my hair lol
while you're on you're PS3 maybe you can finally add me as your friend lol. Good game btw lol.
They predictable now. I'm not even shocked at the shit they say these females doing these days.
Migraines are not normal. There is an underlying problem.
I'm sure #tolkein would be astonished and annoyed. #Hollywood it's not #art it's
Stepford wife Michelle Bachmann on Sunday talk shows. No threat to Obama here. Next.
i should just go to bed since no one is replying
So tired. Night y'all.
Just saw a commercial for adult gummy vitamins. If you're taking these, you have bigger issues than vitamin deficiency.
By helping you, perhaps I was trying to lift up my life a trifle
Where it's at tonight??
Alright! Text me tomorrow! & if he doesn't work, we'll go! :))
The pacific ocean is cold.
this was an outstanding show!
bad day for sports
RT Houston has never been the same without ya :-) Things are good, but I think about to get crazy better :-)/ I<U+2764>you
Headache at work!! Need sleep
Obama2012. Ah yeah. I'm in like Ray Flynn at the Vatican, smelling like gin, without sin, to beat the Republicans - Word to David Axe
that's great glad for you can't wait to see you Saturday ~**~
first bitch i ever loved played me like a guitar, to help me cope i stuff the strongest reefer in my cigar, Money aint so funny no mo lol
I wish i was there also baby. I miss you terriably :(
Whee, a day full of arguing with people I respect!
That awkmoment when you see you spelt something wrong in one of your last tweets....
I would die, pee, cry, die, mourn, die, pee, cry,and, cry, get into a big depression and start yelling "CONSPIRACY" LoL!
hahahah that's too funny
Your finances appear to be in a similar status to our own. We wish you glad tidings this season.
#gwu ZeBi opens tomorrow in the brand new Ames Hall. Stop by for breakfast, lunch, or dinner from 8-630.
It was a great weekend to get out and do something fun. What did you do this weekend?
Who has bike parts??
Wtf.....What r talking about......ASIAN
<U+25BA> Friday! Live at ! Holler for list & bottles & hugs ;)
ALERT$$$HUGE PICK TODAY PLAYERS TRADES SUBPENNY~BOOM IS COMING 3PM AFPW TYPE RUN BUT POTENTIALLY BIGGER$$$$$$BE AROUND 3PM EST
not stressful,
If it has a cool meaning I'll use it. What's the meaning to the word "smitten"
And that was a very generous response to O'Donnell's lame question.
CD Release Party at BLUES ALLEY November 29th!! (Tuesday AFTER Thanksgiving)
It's the Seattle home opener today, and the weather couldn't be better. Go M's!
open time
I can't wait until has another acoustic show here. his music keeps me going. <3
Totally. Blooms and birds singing. Anything newsworthy happening today that you've captured?
Good Morning TweeterPeeps! How Are You Guys Doing? Just A Reminder New Shake It Up With Guest Dancers Winners Of Make Your Mark "AKSquared!"
You'd think a different college was better if you went there too. Pointing out what makes UW better also makes you look like a douchebag.
Can finally see normally again after getting the drops at the eye doctors today, 5 hours later, sheesh
hey, whatever works to bring you over to the dark side
Happy New Year to all of my students! Much success in your college search process. Remember there is no ONE perfect college.
Debate matchup #2: + vs. + on virtual vs. onsite visitors
Lol my mom bought the legit cutest nail polish removers
...forever" It would be the biggest Garden ever because I Love To Laugh & Smile ! :) :D XD
Tuesday's schedule is full now. Still have openings on Wednesday. Keep in mind latest prediction good chance of rain on Thursday.
Lmao you know you a real fan when you play a video game against the team that beat your team and destroy them. I used to do that w/ da lions
Who do u like better Miami Heat or New York Knicks? <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
thanks for the RT
What a pretty group of ladies! Should we try & watch it at Conojitos Sunday?
Family Table in Osceola for best tenderloins!
done my workout,my cardio,back 2 my pool,try 2 tan my ass !!!!
I do not understand settling for shitty, unappetizing food, just because it's free. Especially when there is a Five Guys across the street.
Michael Ealy know he is fine as hell and I dnt even do lightskin
Oh to live in an age when acronyms don't determine program names...
Check out Rackspace Email, I think that's what you're looking for.
Crushing Malbec & Cab Franc today.
Only an hour & 15 mins and i'm off work! Can't wait.
I actively seek out bands and go to shows... I couldn't tell you what 99.9% of their web sites look like!! F CONTROL!!!
Grow up and have an adult conversation, please.
Newt rewrites the old Willie Nelson classic as "Me and Ron".
Congrats "Yo" on landing that Higurea style contract after your 1 fluke season...
Music is my story
The days I have work all day are the days it's the nicest outside
My first experience
have a great party. What time does it last until/
but does it work??
I didn't watch videos or listen to rap music until 1999 ...CTFU
and by coach you mean he designed the uniforms for that league?
We haven't seen any eyecare people using it yet. Are you? RT : Instagram on track to hit 100M users, joining LinkedIn Twitter & FB
Aw GoodNight Hun! I love you! :) xoxo
So is on a following spree? (: we love you nick! TI AMO<3
You know it's time to turn off the game when Aldrich dunks over the whole team. Looking to Game 2.
Apartment hunting in Mountain View... Schizophrenic weather today.
sometimes the simple things should just stay simple!
I can has owl fire!
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 12
RT : Travel editors have to stay nimble to serve where readers are, how needs change, new platforms
when the other guys get a haircut it's not much of a big deal, but when pat get's one it's like part of him is missing... i don't know
looks like he did... : Looks like he didn't get that off.
Need a solution for outdoor power? Check out our products from Solis Energy! www.SolisEnergy.com
forgot to mention this sexy profile pic! What r u watching?
There finally changing prescotts name to "Prescott Junior High"
aye! Lol shiiiit. Actually. You gotta go to ballentine at all today? I can grab somethin quick.
I love #LA <3
Thank you so much for tweeting this. It was necessary.
At the canal!
Its hot as fuck outside tho.
Baby Bee Body Bar available 4/28
Fat suit or post-pregnancy January Jones?
Everybody acting like Peyton was never here... yes I'm happy for #Luck but look here boys and girls......
Good morning Twitter buddies(:
I'd so call you
Butler opened as an 8.5 point favorite tonight against the Green Bay Phoenix.
Thanks for coming out to College Night everyone! We will have Family Night tomorrow starting @ 5pm. Free 4pc nuggets for your Lil' One...
I've already passed them on to I was hoping to get a little something more. HT
Damn you, Coachella, for being so expensivo!
Google+ hangouts are a good idea. /cc
How are the 120 ppl chosen for the Q&A w/ Goodell?
Oddly, even with the exchange rate, $0 American is also $0 Canadian.
I'm super excited, as well!! RT Super Excited to meet the legendary #Comedy Guru this weekend!
in the words of the ever eloquent Ke$ha: "I like your beard"
Did you ever finish Complications by ?
Russian Deposit Files: "Expect: 49 seconds... 48 seconds... 47 seconds...."
Ryan - that's not K-Rod. That's Frank Francisco from the Blue Jays.
Ebooks are not going away, so think about the experience you want and buy your ereader accordingly.
Its gotta be you only you
Rise and shine...
MVP say what ?!?!? Couldn't have done it without my team by my side ! #lovethem #secondfamily <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
no problem :)
hey I just couldn't do it man, I've had the name for 7 months now i believe....but I have changed my blogs name
$1 bilion? Wow. That's the most I've heard so far. Earlier, it was only $300 million. And jail for top execs? We'll see.
RT : Very excited for next week's artist announcement! I know u have ideas of who u'd like on the lineup - let ‘em fly!
aw, I miss you love bug! We most certainly do have a #girlmance forever and always. Come visit already!! Xoxo
My brother is cutting his own hair.
..250 units, residential & commercial .. 4 stories w/ parking deck. Will have to exit the hood via Old Concord
I'M GOING TO ALLWAYZ BE YUNG RICH LIKE A TATTOO AND 4 YOU NIGGAS HATING FINSH DOING YOU
i wish i had enough money to need a money manager. After that, I wish that person to be as cool as yours.
Good morning tweeter! :) Today feels like it's going to be a good week
Beleive In Yourself :)
i'm very hyper and odd atm. sorry.
She was covered by a towel haha she got locked out
as of right now, we aren't doing sponsorships but we'll keep you posted when we do
Thanks for the RT love !
My writing fiction class is making me want to read again. My bucket list of books has gotten bigger, so much to read, so little time!
me too babe ;)
Thank you! RT : Yes I have. My only Yelp review, and of course it's a great one.
When my dad shook Chris's hand it kinda got awkward. lolol
Is something wrong with me? I read one of snookis tweets and got chills..Chills are only supposed to be reserved for Oprah and cute kittens!
If I ever DO "make it" I ll never be "famous" I'm a low key guy...staying under the radar doing my thing
Happy Birthday dear!! Hope it's the best one yet!! xoxo
Lmao thanks bro
NATO, G8 In Chicago: Mayor Hints At City Dollars For Closed Businesses, Then Reverses Course - Huffington Post With massive protests and
I'm glad I was the only person in the dressing room when "I Try" came on and I needed to bust out my inner Macy Gray.
Another hour and a half to go and a night off. I need it.
RT : Elle McPherson arrived and suddenly the #GoldenGlobes #redcarpet turned into the Victoria Secret #fashion show....
Rookie Blue comes back on the last day of school! :D yayyyyyyy
Billy Joel blew the doors off with his piano skills and the duets were amazing! Great to see such talent.
Honestly, if I had gone to elementary school with you, I too would pretend like I didn't know you... :D love ya bud lol
thanks a bunch! feel free to give suggestions. the project is in very active development
you will love everything about this story. Chat on Sunday?
The River Campus is a great place! Let me know if you have any questions I can help with at all.
that, or it would also be identifiable as part of a URL (tho I don't think that'd be the case on FB or G+).
Call me Mikey Mook
Love is the syntax between what exist & what does not. This gives us meaning, for a life without love, is one not worth living.
very few people get what the hell I'm talking about. Hell, half the time I don't even know. #enigmatic #dumb jokes
. Watching film should be easy after this week's performance!
Don't say that! He's fine. We took him to Falls Road Animal Hospital. I'm going to name him Charlie. Because he was charred
You lol he said so its bad for tha late nite kickin it ?
I agree god first, but I thought god taught us to have faith in each other?? So by believing in him we most also believe in us
Updating all the 2012-2013 #finaid night handouts today. Lots of changes this year.
The group was looking forward to sharing their experience and our story at Gemeinhardt with other fellow music dealers!
The StyleLikeU clip so cool!
HAPPY WEDNESDAY!!!! Send a request my way!
Furthermore---what was in that dude's pants who sang w/her? A burrito?
can you please please please please follow me back? i'll give you some nutella :3
my limited exposure has been in between channel changes but thats enough.
Teen sues Facebook bullies for libel
go Follow Please!!!!<3
email us at ASAP! We've been finding a few rare, isolated issues, but we're resolving them quickly.
Oh VoiceOver, Ily. Nothing like waking up and recording weird, creative voices bringing characters to life! My neighbors probably hate me.
Sometimes giving someone a second chance is like...giving them an extra bullet for their gun because they missed you the first time.
#CLIPPERNATION STAND UP Battle Cry!! RT : Ok team... Strap up... We r going 2 war... We need y'all
back to the hospital. I am trying to do to much and trying to impress to many professors. I need to just take a break.
True that. TGIF-been a long week! #FF to the survivors!!
I hope there's a fireman around, when your singing cause you're smoking !
Just listened to Queen's Corner on your site. Great song. Are you going to make a music video for it?
Sure :) RT : Hi (: follow our Brazilian fan club dedicated to the Elektrolytes, please
am wondering what they mean when they say "recovery"? What recovery? Whose recovery? Where is this happening?
After a day off, its back to shooting episodes 1-2 for #webseries. Checou out our progress at www.CigaretteCinemas.com
no i just finished taking my chemistry test online
Designer Roller shades have reinvented the traditional roller shade with modern styling and design.
There is an insane Somali man at my bus stop & spends every morning shouting insults at everyone in earshot.
gosh! i just love love music so much!!!<33 :D
long tme i hvnt gone on twitter! im back!
but I'm allergic to ice-cream! lol
That homey would be
I hate driving so much.
Wade led the Heat with 31 points, Chris Bosh added 23 and Lebron James scored 14 and had 14 rebounds in the big win.
During the thing this Chinese lady was arguing about something other than her speeding on the high way dumb ass
We should feel sad for We should pity him. And I don't really think he's paying attention in school.
We want to make it easy for music from the islands to have a longer reach into the mainland. We are all about expanding the island sound
I'm not living LiFE . I'm not living RiGHT . I'm not living if you're not by my SiDE .
STILL IN THE LAB WORKING
John Dalhback at Mansion tonight. Someone hook me up with a fake ID!!
im all for watching the nba. But if you call college ball mediocrity, then you clearly have no respect for the game itself and your
You're just jealous. ;)
She does see you & she is with you. RT : I'm sad my gran isn't here to see me doing this. She'd be happy.
yup!! Still no coffee though :( but I can try reintroducing it in 6 weeks we're getting Dunkin iced coffees :)
The side job that pays my bills has been keeping me busy. I really need to tweet more. But I also think tweeting has killed my blog writting
You know you just like fuckin when you start forgettin names and times of bitches you done fucked
Australian PM, Julia Gillard, didn't bow or curtsy to the Queen of England! she shook her hand.
Thank you for retweeting!!
I didn't know who Dick Smith was until just this minute but I <3 him
holler at that one. ACCEPT UR FUCKING GORGEOUS.
#RVA Good Morning Sunshine!
just in time to host the cards at home and widen the lead
Rockford College, in northern Illinois! And thanks!
"Sometimes I Forget" by Kinsey Sadler #2 worldwide request on SoundCloud / Resnik Music Group this week.
A5- grads should also seek out the A.D., attempt to help generate revenue from non-revenue sports (Ex. Track & Field, etc..).
LOL!! And make sure to buckle up!! :P And I'm sure it will.
Hey!they should take the wins from paterno during that time,leaving eddie robinson as the winningest coach.this is terrible!!!
Took a day off from coding yesterday. Looking forward to diving back in tonight.
Can't make it in tonight but come Sunday the Globe is going to turn into the Chicauldron
omg how cutes
Pepsi MAX Field of Dreams game is TOMORROW, 6p, at Huntington Park! Come see some of the biggest names in baseball!
I almost had a mental breakdown...
Really? V.v : i just found out ciggs can cause cancer
Sometimes i play the villan sometimes im the hero sometimes im the deala sometimes im play pre mo sometimes i be feelin i got a big ego
Send me a message anyone who want 2 talk:))
Yesterday we made 8 or so batches of lip balm. Need to make 3 more batches of *NEW* flavors today. Stay tuned for the flavor announcements!
#Heat game2 tom!! 3 dubs away from the sweep let's get it!!
Will I be going to Miami to work for 5 months?...this is so sudden, I just don't know what to do!!!!
I know, sad. And it was just starting to get it's swimming legs.
#LiesIvToldMyParents , Ill be back in a minute , or Im gonna clean my room , or My homework is done ....... Lol. Sorry.
I miss the times when I'd come on twitter and didn't have about 2 million followers that clogged my timeline
Buffalo Springfield needs bengay and a lung replacement
Tweet us your questions for We’ll pose them during her lecture tonight at 6:30pm.
30-sum pound One year old sleeping on top of ya... kid this was fun when you was one month old.. now I just can't breath D:
I don't believe my eyes (Felton)
- check out Good shop located in Atlanta
=) Its a great quote ... TRUTH <3
oh fuck. i hate when that happens.
will need young kids for The Color Purple! Stay tuned.
Tonight is Pro Teacher night! Wish I felt well enough to stick around for that. :-( Melissa Wald is speaking! Come on out!
I love it
We definitely do lots of going places - so terrific for following interests, new things, books, objects.
goodluck to you too,'babe.. Break a leg *crack* lol
Looking for firmware engineers familiar with the CSR BC5 platform. Contact me if interested!
Referred a client to you who should be calling tomorrow.. Gime em your usual A+++ service!! you guys are great!
Art Crawl, downtown LA
Buckeye Nation - STAND UP!!! We Earned it...wow!!!
Album is not good at all... RT Oh, El Producto... How I've missed thee.... Cancer For Cure >>>>
LOL. Is that sarcasm, my friend?!
sorry to hear that! :o(
Like us @ www.facebook.com/teamtwilightuk :)
Right?! Just... maybe in ten years when that age gap isn't so sketch.
lmao! Maybe Melo could make a career turnaround if he came here like most black holes lol
Starbucks before work yess dammit I'm makin this a daily habit but oh well ima workn woman nd i need my caffeine
Got a text from someone that wants too get me drunk and take advantage of me
I could be in a better mood right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
guess what! , i'm free till Monday!
It takes a lot of strength to do this, but more than anything strength is the motive. You might ask what her motive is.
We loved it because parking was easy and it was never busy... uh oh
I made it through a Friday the 13th with no issues.
Hangin up the phone and callin back a few hours later . thats childish
After a weekend of non-stop Incan ruins and markets, we're about to start work at the libraries! Can't wait to dig in.
because obviously you like it duh... And you're cute :)
I would care! It might make spots more competitive though (good for you, bad for me). Or I could just run certain dates by you :)
People shouldn't burn bridges and then turn around and ask for help across. ~~~~~
Congrats to and everyone else involved that I couldn't find on twitter on your great work in Deathtrap.
not appropriate for any private club I've been to, but if the local muni allows them, go for it if you want.
Brevity may be the soul of wit, but the ability to hold the attention of the long copy reader may be equally impressive.
Miss ya tonight
What is your plans this weekend?
Count Down For Kon-E-Zee pizza in a Kone to hit the road
#Ilovewhenyou wake up and see new hashtags like
wicked tasty turkey & brie sando en route to BOS. thank you for edible food and interwebs !
To bad the aren't playing on their home turf. I remember when...
thankyou so much
yes. That was a spam message. Sorry :(
Bookworm Room » Obama&#39;s peculiar definition of “courage” vis a vis ...
<--- Is ready to get faded
I Swear You Is Badd
theyy are cooking her up!
I think they all think I look for a gag reflex and thicken liquids.
Octavia Spencer! Well deserved best actress in supporting role.
After several stops we're on our last stop now getting some to go breakfast at Jollibee then go straight home!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
2 Ice cold 3s by Philly to take the lead on those Stinking #Heat.... No sweep for you
thank you, thank you. We are booze-hounds, so stupidly drunk is what usually transpires!
you are good. I can't even force myself. Ugh
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:)v26
Folks gotta get up on Twisted Sister to really know what that means..... :)
I sometimes meow randomly. #Meow <U+E04F>
I may be old school, but is awesome. I love when it has the latest bollywood music :).
Yay. :D I'll be there!
20 miles at Legacy Trail .. 13 for & 7 more for ..Great Day .. lots of runners out.
Training for 11 mile trail run in Oct- any tips on getting into great running shape? Or ways to stick on a running schedule when super busy?
Heat average 7 points less a game w/o Bosh and show 6% worse from the field. He's the only legit big the Heat have
thinks I found a new favorite artist, if your not up on Chocolate, look her up. You won't be dissapointed!
can't wait to meet and see you perform at teen hoot! You are so amazing! Love you 21
Laid back time...
“He did me wrong but made me strong.”
At work.great day,mite go buy my self a lil somethin after I get out of this place.
THANK YOU so much. It's means so much! :)
All day power outage. Managed till noon on battery backup. Forced off the grid since. Running on acid fumes now. Yay! #Chennai. /facetious.
Bouta roll to this concert by myself. Hoping for a little catharsis. Something deep.
Test was easier than I thought it would be...
IT'S TIME MOTHERFUCKERS
Coming to town to taste some cupcakes? ;-) Either way, there's so much to do in #Hoboken It's like #roc Park Ave meets NYC!
Just saw someone lock up their stroller at Disneyland. I've never seen anyone do that.
Never lend money to frogs. They like to keep their greenbacks.
thinks she's cute;)
Simple exercise tip: Go for an evening walk after dinner. Bring your family with you!
#FF my dad (NB may not actually be my dad)
GOOD LUCK ON YOUR SOL. <33333.
Anyone have any favorite ways to cook up sword fish?
slow day at the office or are just twitter bombing for the fun of it?
I'm thinking about getting really into rating amazon products that I haven't purchased.
GYM TIME... Gotta give people some sort of inspiration at the beach & Pool parties this summer....
God-given
I dont believe you have to be better than anybody else. I believe you ve to be better than you ever thought you could be
RT : OneNote is a magnificent program for organizing information-efficient and easy on tablet pc. Just wish the info were cloud-ac ...
i feel so prayed for and looked after nd guided just by loving u, u try to fight and be special but u shudnt becuz u r thats u
My customer said he doesnt need his warranty ext. till 13, bcuz the world is ending in'12, HE been watching 2 many movies!!LOL
Artichoke > shaq's mom
Um you forgot me</3
yeah, mel said to dm you guys if we wanted info about the boys being in ny
:o you come to Nashville the day Justin Bieber's new cd comes out. That's Gonna be a pretty freakin awesome day! x :D
"Cogitate" seems about due for a revival. The world could definitely use some more cogitating.
less than one week
RT : #Follow These Guys Chicago “: Very beautiful apartments. Very.”
Are you a fan of Christ or a follower ? Theres a difference
its been one heck of a day. Time to meet up with that chiropractor of mine. :)
THANKS for that! And for the RT. Hope you know how much it's appreciated. Lots! :)
#wakeup the movie PR starts next week with screen shots, sound bites, Out takes, and our website is going to get an overhall.
God knows I love my black sistas....GOD KNOWS I DOES....But if I ever run into Charlize Theron or Lucy Liu....*sigh*
4 followers more? C:
If babymoma man not on shit who fault is that???
However, Scott Walker has more votes than Barrett and Falk combined in the #recallwalker election right now.
#momstrosity is whisper yelling at her ex again today, but it is noisy in here and hard to hear.
Congrats to inaugural class. Looking forward to Demo Day! RT we picked our class and we are stoked!
Wanna get on the Party Bus? Meet us at the corner of Sheffield and Belmont at 9.30 tonite! Free ride! See ya at tonite!
2 jobs & a wedding is driving my mind & body crazy! But I wouldn't trade it for anything. Not feeling good, but I still know I'm
hahaha that would be awesome!!
Just opened new Toni Morrison novel Home. Dedication page reads: Slade. Look forward to seeing/hearing her in Philly.
Hey I would love to come to ur bday party in my fav city in the states, my birthday is on oct 23. lol : )
'm looking toget some press for thisweekends marathon inAustin.I'm doing blindfolded for charity!
Im on google earth and Im lookin at your housee x its so gorgeouse & you have a lovely street ill come & live there one day xx
is proud to be the Official Coconut Water of this weekend's Los Angeles Triathlon! Stay hydrated, triathletes!
#OscarsRedCarpetLiveSpecial makes me want to cut my hair off!!! Ah!!!
He already choked man
Stubbs can be frustrating at times, but not time to give up on him. Bailey has been fine this year minus his last start.
2011.10.13 #Brewers 4 #Cardinals 2 after 6 | "Cards come up empty" / Uecker says on radio / Randy Wolf works well.
Should I go to LA LIVE wit my Celtics Gear on?
Sag argues that non expressive uses meet four factors of fair use
...up all nite.
Asking God of He can pause time for a couple days. I could use it
My baby cousin Lexi is so cute! ((:
#nf And thanks!
Many people have inquired if they can publish their own works on ReadPrint.com -- As such we've began work on a self-publishing feature.
Mom in law is the best! Plus, she can cook her butt off. Sunday dinner, here we come!
can you download it as a podcast? Or do you have to listen on site? Thanks.
Thanks for sharing. That's an interesting article. ^AW
W/ no dedicated space, little institutional support, Fulwiler & Middleton create. Networked Teaching Commons
missing u guys at fridays :( just not the same. Hope all is well.
sweats, two shirts and some. Under clothes, next time I will text u when I go
Have a great Friday!! Make the best use of your time and spend time with people you love!
Bored AF! I should have a conversation with an insomniac.
was great as the emcee. Had me #lol a lot. Appreciated time you spent chatting w/ athletes.
At this point, we're going to have to shift the Betancourt "Can he play short?" meme to "Can he play first?"
Dont Miss! What I Love About America on youtube,amazon.com,itunes, Rhapsody,Napster,CD Baby,Lala, Cd connection, Iphone Music, google more!
Really, I understand you're sad, but please. We don't need a status about every emotional thought you have.
I have been listening to that for at LEAST 2 hours tonight! On replay! And on YouTube watching your videos!.(: Iloveyou(:
hell maw.they better not! #threat!
RT : Keep everything organized, having instant access to search your entire set of notes - I love OneNote unconditionally! www. ...
seattle is crazy today. there's this bright ball of fire in the sky, shining on the city.
let me know when that pop off
well, i am a FatAss and I like their food! :D
Happy! I've been selected to guest judge Engineering Society Detroit's Future Cities comp. Can't wait to see the kids designs!
Come by for some Champagne or Hot Buttered Whiskey and celebrate the New Year tonight with us ~ We are open until 10pm with full VF Menu
Congratulations to Assistant Risha, Employee of the Month!
can't leave! She just can't!!
Best of both worlds: 1,400 words (with footnotes and never ketchup) on Chicago hot dog stand collusion?
I wish #KU fans would shut the fuck up. You are no better than
#twitter makes #football 100000000x funnier
You too!
Just had a nice 5 days off, hate to come back to work. Only 607 days to go.
So exited , 13 Days to Christmas <3
Everybody on dick now.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck, I don't wanna! (:
Woke up with a scratch on my nose. I don't own a cat. Damn you Jameson.
: I vomitted after that finals match today. What disappointment!
Sure, in the USA take a look at www.appliedsportpsych.org or for UK www.bases.org.uk both routes are universally accepted.
Stupid phone sent variations on a tweet three times. Apologies.
Probably Bones. You?
Free trip to China?
2 shows next week, blue room Thursday and lovin' cup Saturday
Making sloppy Joe's for dinner! MY FAVORITE!
She's always here for me and I'm always here for her
Indeed but tis a passing thing, this shadow.
I still have to do homework ...
Just heard an early Todd Edwards tune on a Scion iQ commercial. crazy.
Nobody gives you a dollar or chance in this old town.
40+ for FNM Tonight! Come on down next week to join the fun!
It's hot af.
So true. Dry calm weekend, unfortunately. Maybe hope for a good freak summer thunderstorm tho :)
Thanks, James
starting now w getting back in tune
Two ships passing in the night: NYT questions whether they should act as "truth vigilantes." The Onion gives a sloppy wet kiss to Norquist.
Sorry all for the erroneous messages the last few days my acct got hacked. I promise that i did not send any spam messages.
Tree problem on Taylor's Ferry causing big delays SB Macadam Ave/Hwy 43.
it! Are the weekends the best for you?
doing well... how r u?
Internet is finally working after almost a week. Thank you person on the phone named Jodi!
How are the Lakers and "Black Mamba" doing? Ohh okay..
Party People in the House Tonight!! Everybody's gonna have a GOOD TIME!! ..And we gon make U Lose ur mind!!!! ... Shake That!! 2011!!
That's what I heard.
yep, she's been my asst for years, now proud to do it herself. We stay in the room of course, but she's learned to be safe
Gearing up for Deas Vail, Love of Everything, Sick of Sarah, Now Now, Max Dvorak, Loftland, & The Daze THIS WEEK at Redamte Coffee House!
All good. Hope all is well
Mercedes, NICE! Bringing in the wild, out-of-the-box stuff to help Vera...
Sharp $ hit Bulls this a.m at +4....leaning towards Spurs
C'mon out tonight 2 Puckett's Downtown Nashville tonight 7:30-9:00. Hear some music & get you some good southern food. Hope 2 see you there!
I Love You In Blue, I Love You In Red, But Most Of All I Love You In Bed ;]
It is beautiful outside! RT : Looking out the window... I want to be outside!!!
YOU HAVE A PROBLEM. IT'S JUST A PHONE
FACT (F)orget the past (A)ccept the present (C)hange the future (T)hen smile : )
That is about what our apartment was this morning. We've already turned our heat off.
was about 2 weeks for me!
thanks for the #FF! see you Sunday!
OKAY BETCH LEMME GO OVER THE CLARKSON RESIDENCE RN CUZ WE BEST FRANZ AND I'LL TELL HER TOO haha
Movie Review: The Lucky One Jinxed by Far-Fetched Plot Review in a Hurry: Zac Efron has fallen in love with Taylor Schilling before he's
im cool with the teacher aha & im done with everything so she said for the rest of the year to check in then i could leave ;)
"Without honor, victory is hollow"-swcw
and that FDOTUS gag is ancient
UPCOMING: Sept. 17th Bring a plain t-shirt to the Museum & add Silicon Valley style w fusionwear on the spot! AbsoluteZERO Festival
been there
I want to be friends with you!
Tina get in the groove bro! I was dancin:)
Tonight! Have a laid-back evening at , 8:30pm
What are your top #AV forums? Everyone seems to have a favorite.
RT : You cant be Mark Zuckerberg and excel in healthcare, you have to be able to relate to people.
I need to get this bump on my back checked out.
Party planning as we speak....!
is it online yet? link?
Are you still watching fringe? Tonight is gonna be sweet!
If he fucks u raw the first time, just think who he fucked raw the last time! Safe sex is great sex!
I know I am a AUSTINITE but I bleed Green and Gold!!! RG3 is going to win the Heisman Trophy! Baylor killed it today! WAHOO
happy easter day!!!! :D
I have no heart or soul then as I'm still alive.
I'm watching your interview with Lady GaGa. Interesting. Time to do a report in honor of Trayvon Martin! RIP!
#OneTimeInPalestine those in Gaza could fish the sea without being assassinated by Israeli snipers.
Why am I watching 4 yen year olds behave like Chris Brown or something for money pft #America minis behaviour my sister informs me
sounds interesting...
Watching mtv woop
A SHOUTOUT TO MY NEW FOLLOW U ROCK
Omg my shoulder :(
and we miss our wonderful intern, Aaron!
aww lol I apologize haha ,Is he lost again ??
Very cool, great PR idea by Head & Shoulders.
thank you very much
Lol my mama said she spread the news like WiFi
For the Stanley Cup Finals in order I want... 1. Kings-Rangers... 2. Coyotes-Rangers... 3. Kings-Devils... 4. Coyotes-Devils.
Hey guys. This is Todd.
NEW FEATURE: 10 DAY FORECASTS are now live!! /hourly10day/ and /forecast10day/ (the 7 day format still works, just removed from docs)
New outdoor seating coming soon to Eggfast-OSU!!
New cover of is posted on the FB page. SE readers are the best in the world - but you knew that. :D
send 'em Graham.
Megan Good Ass!
Las vegas on march 29th... yeah, why not!
And it begins... can't wait to see the beautiful bride #realtimewedding ;)
WORD. RT : Just realized most people operate on a "what can you do for me" basis. F*ck being a brand, be a person first.
Dang, Miami must've gotten shut down after I started my show. 55 in the beginning of the 4th?
my dad says sushi is japan's greatest invention
Storage Ottomans for Your House DecorHome Blog - storage ottomans
this is great :-)
right now, i'm just another face in the crowd / but i'd rather be on stage facing the crowd
Way to go Avon! County Champs!<3
Quintana looks angry so i think latimore will fall..daugnestraudamus spoke..fight time!
it's only true :3
waching Scott Pilgrim VS the World with Tina.this movie is oustandingly random.
If something does not work, next time do the opposite!
So I was and others playing ball. Had a good time :-) God is good ALL the time!
thanks all those who supported us to launch, and then those who helped entrepreneurs on our site!
If Katy Perry had said no... Niall wouldn't be in One direction. </3
Sunday fundayy. Breaking out a mini sundress.. 80 degree weather I'm ready for you.
Its really cold >.<
thanks for following!!!! xoxo
RT : "Statistics are no substitute for judgment" Henry Clay
Free hugs! Come and get 'em!
Thanks for the follow!!! #TEAMCOOLWITHME lol
Im such a bad twitfriend but speech therapy and saynplay keeping me very busy.SayNPlay now being carried by laureate learning-oh happy days!
Did you know the trunk of an elephant can hold up to two gallons of water?
try-ing
Congrats... and Happy Canada Day
I no u don't sleep much but it's Friday u ain't got no job and u ain't got stuff to do
Am I not worth more then that?
yes i'm part of the YRL social media team. why what up?
any news about bringing in the root beer Gus soda?
Went to the new #Baltimore today. It was brilliant. Highly recommended, but not very busy. Must be the lack of advertising.
The Purple Sage is probably the only thing about HS that I get nostalgic about.
oh lucky guess.. And it was on my floor!
great question
Moralizing and morals are two entirely different things and are always found in entirely different people. -Don Herold
send some music in make sure it's clean CEO DJ Grimm
Happy Easter everyone.
Why do we narrow down #presidential candidates? Why not skip primaries & simply vote on 1 day, with all candidates on the same ballot??
Definitely not "authentic." Glad you enjoyed the food!
My mum's op was really good,she feels much better now I guess she comes out of hospital Tomo : )Just wanted to tell ya :-*
what do you think about interactive widget-based apps in the cloud?
Luke Scott lines out to Gonzo. End of the inning
Draft budget: hope to hire 8 new FT staff for center by 2014-15, including exec dir., marketing dir., and fundraiser by next year.
So ready!!
Lol RT : thanks for coming to the gym with me. THAT'S directed towards you...
Not saying today was the best or something I just liked the tweet yea
Get TAN TODAY! *Specials* Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 FREE! Buy 10 Instants for $99! LOTION and MEMBERSHIPS on SALE TOO!
Inspiration is receiving, inhaling. Expression is giving, exhaling. Existence is a living art form. I breathe, therefore I create.
"Tools for building future audiences." Yep, that's a big one.
Home loan borrowing costs rose about as much as they could today without having it negatively impact CURRENT MARKET...
Getting ready for E. #roc parade. Too hot for this tonight
From now until we close at 8pm, a free Red Rabbit Cooperative Bakery donut if you mention this post. :)
call of duty and diet snapples ? its gonna be a god day <U+E056>
Is the future of education in the cloud?
How's it going? Been a minute.
it's like 8 bucks to mail a package! that's like... 8 tacos at jack in the box, dude. we need a plan...
thanks for the follow!! Always happy to connect with great minds in the industry! ;) Keep in touch!
Shopping with the ladies(:
Just finished brainstorming some custom recommendations for and They will be in email tomorrow!
Hope everyone at SLHS had a great experience at prom....
Thanks for showing me around the boston startup scene, Paul! Great meeting you!
Tweet me Get Austin Mahone Verified and ill RT it!!!!
“: Still missing that lost hour? What's your secret caffeine cure for the day?” TCB white mocha, to bad there is no TCB here!
I think there is something wrong if you don't like big lips. . . Maybe it's just because I love lips..
Lincoln Park Pub on 14th and Starkweather!
I'm cool haha
i didn't slap you...i just simply high-fived your face xD
Love ya! You have a great week too!!! When is the birthday party again? I misplaced my invite - but we got it!
May shall be a fun month.
I wish would tweet me :'(
Totally! Good morning Janis, how was mother's day?
why is that ?
Recruit specialists and execs on Linkedin groups validate/expand participant profiles on Facebook
I'm a counselor, mentor and friend to others
"Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot"
Ok, I know two wrongs don't make a right. So, what's the number? 50? 75? I'm on 32.
good hanging yesterday. reminded me of our first date (tear).
I feel like a majority of this trip has consisted of waiting for public transportation and sitting in vehicles for 40 thousand hours <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
one direction
You've never cried to me before like this Chase..I'm on my way.. Don't make me regret this okay?
Thank you
follow back
WOW Chicago... Wow
Jerry Coleman~ Thats Hendricks th home run. One more and he reaches double figures.
“: The Goonies in math! ”
I coulda invited someone.. Or tried to ahah
Order sent to Miss Mieke in Canada!
Social Media Special: Window insulation kit 3 pack, free with $20 purchase. Something you can really use!
I can't even wrap my head around the idea of winning $336M. Where to begin?
Being the Easter bunny is expensive! Or my kids are super spoiled...
I'm that make ya say oh!!!! Nigga I'm that chill, real, killin, big deal, grilling nigga
dawn dish soap, with its "grease releasers" :), is my go-to for stain removal. good luck!
hail Hitler! Just kidding Annie.
I'm at Bounce U :(
yes ... Find me
can't freaking wait to hear your new music !!
Clever girl...
Reality though is WIAA wouldn't want to deal with the PR nightmare of moving the boys tourney from Madison, if only for a year.
I love Katy :D
IM HOLDING A CASTING FOR A NEW YORK REALITY SHOW HIT ME UP$$$$
I had a amazing blessing come to me today tweeters....... God is Great!!!!!!!!
I thought you felt like a ROCK STAR every day.
I LOVE hair metal!
i gotta record for u too! I'm on my shit again! Ima set up a new dropbox and start flooding it with material as it comes!
Send a hello to Pam and Dan tell them PackABag&Go Scott Ford sends a hello from Portland can't find them on Twitter...
follow back ugly nigga
First Justin Hawkins outfit of the night: American flag-themed leather vest and pants combo.
Thanks for the shout out! you're awesome :)
Melissa said that would be wonderful! Right now LP is on break and Melissa is doing musical theater but LP is not over!
In class looking at posters with gothic type knowing where I can find it in wood at globe
it was good! It's for a client but totally cool to see behind the scenes
Just saw a tweet-reminded me that the Easter bunny brought some to my house-must find where my husband hid it from me...
I already miss I'm thinking I won't let him move away from home until he's 30… maybe 35!
annoyed my phone isn't getting service
may take you up on that someday...
Im bout that fitness ball life ! lol
You fuckin' know it!
great meeting you today!
7 exes ! with Vegan! Vegone ! be gone! yeah! milk of an animal ! strength of love is not effective !
Indeed, that was a fabulous show among fabulous company. Woo!
Eli Manning was spectacular at making plays against that Niner defense..He took some hits and shook it off
Tell your mom i said Happy Mothers Day we all love ya<3 (;
Can't think of anything goofier than the Olympic torch lighting ceremony. I mean, really?
Sherry Leedy Contemporary Art’s exhibit “Present Tense” compliments & contributes to the #anh conversation of the role of art in our society
Just got my voting on!
Now she wanna photo, you already know though you only live once that's the motto nigga yolo
You're not in Kansas anymore, Kansas
always gay
YES MAN!
Haven't read anything for fun in awhile. You recommend?
Or sooner RT we had our eye out for you, mister! that's ok, maybe next time. :)
what's the difference between genius and stupid??? genius has its limits.
#FF! Hit us up with a #FF and we'll hit you back!
Seriously? That's such BS. I'm glad you're doing it though. I've considered fighting but it's hard to know if it's worth it.
come check out SBSChicago and we will give you $10 off your first cut (773) 252-9522
there's a old guy in the car next to us who is reading the paper while driving, that's skill.
Totally agree - Love Kings of Leon!
I'm new to twitter party and cloth diapering.
We sent you a DM
haha well he does look like it!
Definitely going to be following on learning constructed around cognitive process at Learning & the Brain Cambridge
SO you and I had an awesome time together the other night...in my dream!! Lol
OK the 2nd base ump in Philly has brass balls calling that in Philly. But he is absolutely right.
It's a good day to go hit 4th St! Santa , card making at {OPEN}, holiday bike decorating contest etc... (via )
i wish i could stay mad at people..but i always end up forgiving them..
finally! dont do that to us again aaron lol
is the man. It don't matter Ryder there is no title on the line no 24/7 rules here buddy
She's so loved : ) RT your photos by are so amazing they are breath taking!
I really want to shoot a video for
aw Madison your so sweet!!!!!<3
Not only have I referenced Alien in the novel in progress, now a Ted Bundy reference slipped in as well.
So much to do and morning came this afternoon ;-)
<U+266C> Paul Anka Born in Ottawa Canada, At the age of 13 Paul formed his own vocal group called the Bobbysoxers. <U+266C>
so tempting
OHMYGAWWWD YES finally following me! Oh thank you :3
I guess you are done tweeting
A healthy dose of Sarcasm keeps me from tripping my co-workers.
Just left Chi Cha lounge
Area residents to work on hospital ship - Altavista
Best supporting actor. I'm pulling for Christopher Plummer!
also, is it #panic time for other bills that were to be voted on this evening???
Hell yeah! Stupid Spec work.
who's calling me "men." Seriously.
pac better not come out with beiber ill personally write a letter to Manny telling him how disappointing that was
Sorry for my lack of tweets lately, I'm having some technical issues with my page! Am determined to figure it out. Don't give up on me!
You mean drink our pee like Bear Grylls? XD
nice flow.
Men In Black I. May 25th. Who's down to go?
Zach brown I like the musician better! Sorry your a 5th rd guy
C U There! RT“: I get to see this weekend at our first competition! #gowinterguard”
Making the decision to have a child is momentous. It is to decide forever to have your heart go walking around outside your body.
I think everywhere I eat they play a game called 'Slip some meat into the last bite of Ryan's food so he gets a stomach ache'. Shitty game.
What do you mean it's not Saturday?? I totally tried sleeping in...
I'm ready to see M. Ward and Black Keys for the first time live at #coachella today!
You're the beautiful one. :)
How were early telegrams understood as "written" at all?
Thinking the #WhiteSox screwed up big time by letting Buehrle walk and signing Danks.
Run! Police!
I'm actually really excited to see the music video for BOYFRIEND!!
youll see them more then i will! lol
Beginning a very different shift at work tonight - play-by-play satellite ops. Busy night tonight!
no joke. We reported it tonight!
Who regularly goes into work at 7:30ish ????
All of those people were fired.
Haaliwood state of mind!
Good morning, have a fantastic week and Monday everyone! Keep in touch!
I thought Amish didn't use electric so wtf is with the electric fire place things they make. how does that work if they don't use electric??
If a story needs a birthday party attended by every other mag in order to be any good, it is not any good.
Too. Many. Cornfields. That's all there is! The drive home is so boring :P
Also remember a random follower will be chosen to win 2 tickets!
Its Currently 54 degrees, hopefully climbing to 64 in Detroit today. STS-GRIOT would like to welcome spring with open arms!
shes turned out to be just perfect.
according to my girl, its not in the feet. She says she sums up a man and the size of his dik by da size of his hands
when can teams sign gilbert arenas? Are the hawks in the mix?
Love B B & B too much. Always need to stay focused or I end up with neat stuff I don't really need in basket.
anyone have a copy of the dragon book i can borrow?
lol....and all I want to do is know what's going on in their head...
ha. Timeout is over! Let the favoriting continue.
He had to have learned that from you, lmfao.
Kroy and that tragic hair.
Lunch time..
Like what the Cosmpoltian of Vegas has done at the Open.
I work hard 2 find employees 2 work 4 me in #ABQ, so that I can then turn around & fire them so they can collect unemployment
LOL Do you have already have a membership with us?
Glad get back in the game!! Thanks to everyone who supported me
S/O 2 and the rest of the #SCRSCReamTeam for being RYDAZ! We Luv yall ! #SCRSCReamTeam All Day!!!
u comin to ashley concert??
So many choices. Tops: Equiano, The Female American, The Coquette, then there are some good pairings...
some guy there ._. Her "friend"
pretty good, a bit tired
Carving my initials on your forehead
that's why and I are staying in the car.
We've been nominated as Best in Sports Technology by Sports Business Journal! Couldn't have done it without all you awesome users!
RT : FREE Dessert with ANY food Special Today!!
Looking forward to tonight's Mystery Wine Supper. A % of wine sales will benefit !
Cavaliers down 44-71 to the Bucks at the half.
it was actually decent, thank you:-)
trance always helps me relax in the best and worst of times :)
Evelyn and her boyfriend are so annoying. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
RT : Had a great rehearsal with the band! We r gonna have a good time Friday
Im not fred flinstone or Young Money but I I I I can make yo bed rock(;
Is it opening day yet?
blake it's flu season
I envy you...I wish I could skip school today haha
RT if you like
4XEM will be launching a new line of cameras and PoE products soon. They will all be available through existing resellers and distributors
My white IPhone #love and my blue earphone with smiles and my fav music. #Hair and and and other singers..
Nope I Do!
get off work already
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture.
Great game, we still have ourselves a series
Great insight into Social Media and how to use it to grow your business. Katelynn Alexander
. Indeed. Timeless. Whatcha got?
RT The team that kept us from our potential Super Bowl in 08 is back on OUR turf now. Trust me, we haven't forgotten.
Do check Amazon where you live though, Amazon is certain countries is showing the book in stock...
I live in a world of abundance&gratefully receive the blessings of God With deep gratitude I acknowledge that I live in a world of abundance
A little perturbed by the people from the other 28 states with marriage amendments, including California, taking pot shots at NC.
I read Hollywood Wives when I was 14 and I've been hooked ever since!
Stuff by Paul Brown » The first football video game
And we're homeowners!! Who wants to celebrate with us this wknd?!
We had a great time at #Chilibrew in hampden last weekend. Looking forward to summer fun, food, an baltimore night life this summer.
Making it a Star Wars night. Episode VI.
Stoltenberg: We'll do everything in our power to maintain Norway as an open and free society in which youth can express opinion without fear
Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind. -Rudyard Kipling
Let's get it! Let's work hard. Live your dreams!
Track: Canby junior Karley Baggerly's long jump of 18 feet last week vs Lakeridge ties her for No. 1 in state w/ Jesuit's Sierra Arlauskas
i had a crush on you when i was little. :) can i get a replay and follow from your biggest fan.
Happy #Monday!! Have a great week!
sitting in on a "mad men" webinar ads of 60's vs. today
RT Sell your items in the ServiceBox Market Place. Never have to repost! Feature your product, SELL IT FAST!...
General subjects or something techcomm related? We had a dunking booth on campus today. If you answer incorrectly. Splash.
Gonna be a ling day of sling cosmetics
went 2 years ago for a wknd...so clean
2nd time tonight, there is seemingly ethereal trumpeteer playing music outside my window. This time it was TAPS.
my will shall shape my future:)
Damn looks like T-Mac is going to be out
RT : ..The only way to beat RIL or any legacy energy/chemicals company is by controlling, monitoring & predicting demand
Ok oh
Mine also. RT : New #Cubs Bowden says fave player growing up was Ryne Sandberg.
"Bitch don't wanna mess with me, I'm mentally unstable" quote of the night
- Welcome Frankie! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Making lists for #SXSW. Going to be a busy 10 days.
yea I'm excited
If there were a day for #mj we would bet today is the day!
LOL! : Please go to Zahm Hall and tell my son Aaron what a bad decision he is making by leaving ND. Thank yo
One week left before Christmas Vacation! CSHS is preparing for the talent show...yesterday, Santa Claus visited!
Going to the Comedy Attic tonight to see Hannibal Buress. It's so great to have a place in Bloomington that has great comedy every week!!
what does yizzer mean? Lol I'm lost... :)
and I would have made big ray white lbs
wow 4month reply:P~
So excited to go apartment shopping this Saturday-looking forward to this next chapter!
Worst day of my life with right now. Furious. Unreal. I have no words.
Needs sleep!
I guess it was as good as its gna get...such is life
where'd you end up tonight?
All violence consists in some people forcing others, under threat of suffering or death, to do what they do not want to do.
- i wont be bothered with to many ppl when i get back either imma be prob more to myself
It's tricky
here's a tip never decline a blocked number I could be , , or
I always remember how I been treated I never forget the good or the bad so when I dish you out a plate just remember what you gave me to ate
---nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,nah...bat cam! Where's Ozzy Osbourne when you need him. How do you catch a bat in the newsroom?
On side of road heading to Augusta. Pulled over so Van could wipe dog shit off boot.
sorry I missed you call me soon, one!
Do you have any idea how difficult it is to find a radio without an ipod dock, clock, or cd player? Thanks for keeping it old school gram.
is one Mrs. Emily Weixler McKay. Really enjoying #CornbreadMafia, btw. Great work.
We have been getting lots of bookings from our lovely Twitter Followers! Keep it up everyone!! We LOVE new clients!
TIGERS IN RED WEATHER just came in. Family drama on Martha's Vineyard in the 1950s with a murder thrown in. What's not to love?!
WOW!!! “: The typical museum devotes 3/4 of its education budget specifically to K-12 students. #museumsadvocacy”
glad to hear it. Welcome to the addiction.
mistaken and always second guessing
Incline your ear, and come unto me: hear, and your soul shall live; and I will make an everlasting covenant with you . . . Isaiah 55: 3
George Morgan: #genealogy societies need to use new technologies eg.) Digitization projects, Electronic seminars, etc.
We'll hope not. At the worst, it's a check, exposure, and maybe a foot in the door. Never know what might come of it!
Glad you guys enjoyed it.
FTW: "We're a library," Mr. Riordan says. "We believe in privacy."
In other news im also going to Ohio.
Hey ! Could you add us to the sticker gallery please? Thanks!
Elise got a instagram!! Who told her to join us in the 21st century. Lmaoo
it's the simplest lines that are often most effective.
#OTRC Gary Goldman really needs that Oscar. Don't make us riot.
oh. Ahah. Like i said im good. Soo whats up?
Q: Rate meh?And date or pass?
I just found out my boyfriend was cheating on me <U+E401>
Kanye west is not attractive what so ever! What is kim kardashian thinking?
I'm thinking Kaiser's and tonight! What about you?
great fun this morning
ME: "I think it's an Asian thing" HER: "Yeah, you know how we're raised to be perfect" O_O (LMAO)
This is true! I had a change of heart after I moved to Mke and decided to go back and get my certification in grades 1-8.
That awkward moment when your mom locks her bedroom door and won't answer you..?
Hailing from Richmond VA, I'd have to say Virginia Tech - Virginia. Go Hoos!
E87 really iS #magic!
nice running into last night at Legends! hope the JD didnt kick your ass too hard ;-)
TWEET us if you want us to follow you back!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people dont stay true to their word.
looking forward to it!
#SportsTacklesCancer is thinking about every #cancer survivor- & #NSMN charity bd members- today on Nat'l Cancer Survivor's Day.
I took 3 showers already and i havent even steped out the house.
tell golic I still walk funny from my onesie
When I'm low he take me high
Speaker available - Brick Wall Battering Rams - www.unyg.com
um that is hardly a decision... NY!
started Friday Night Lights Sunday and I'm already on episode 15. I'm such a sucker for a good TV show.
Hope no1 blinked during that match GIVE THE DIVAS A CHANCE
You listen to country music? You just suddenly became sexier. <3
Thank you so very much pastor. God bless.
Let's talk about how it's 64 degrees and I'm wearing pants... and how HUGE of a problem that is.
Let's go Clips!!
RT : Dear Rick Santorum: If we want to encourage abstinence, we shouldn't ban porn. We should make all porn feature you.
Monday morning classes: 6:45am mat pilates class, 8am cardiocore class. 1 week free of unlimited group classes to new clients!
I think so. You probably don't have to read Schumacher's book though, you can just ask about it.
You could've made it <3
Of course Oh Tonight would come on the radio right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Thumbs are the sort of cheating that made this species GREAT, hippie
Work in the morning! Come visit for lunch !:)) #rookies goodnight!
My computer is messed up again, FUCK MY LIFE!!!! What am i gonna do nowww ??? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Jam sesh in Santa Monica with and like a boss.
Kickstarter is going to hit goal today. Who is going to make the next pre-order and make this dream a reality?
Loud talkers really bother me.
This weekend the family celebrated the 4th (and my birthday!) with a parade, grilling and a new pool to keep cool! Been in it every day!
Happy birthday to my sister that is 20 today!!!! :) love you Ashley
Does anyone else's dad read the entire menu out loud at dinner?
Great panel on the future of educational technology at the Philadelphia #edtech Meetup at
Most def ! Feel free to let us know up-coming shows, we'll RT & FB them :) Emmi
waiting to get a new tire
too busy yday..
Congratulations and THANK YOU to Charles Haddix for 26 years of dedication and service to UMKC libraries!
If you see on campus today, be sure to give her a big #OkYo cus she'll be having the best day ever!
pretty sure I need to keep a fully stocked first aid kit in my room!
. Lies about the Pres r fine but the truth about Romney is a bit too much??? Mean Core early-on!!
No prob! If nothing else we can have the panel discussion on my couch. It comfortably seats three.
Monday Night and another great class at our exclusive Beer School at Taproom. Come by or call for details at 212 725-4766
you should follow they talk about exactly what their tweet name is.
RT Bah time to be strict on my diet again. And I'm tired of just saying it. I'm disgusting.
Grt! RT : Filtering through notes from Some pretty nice wines in attendance, and a well organized event.
the darkness fall beneath us as we rise above the city.
Blank Tweet.
with three dipping sauces?!? Nice!
Only 13 more followers needed until the half off code!! Let's do this! RT
no problem! thank you... for being amazingg!
the best option is Not to backpack tomorrow
I Miss Him Terribly >;\
I wish I was with u but I'm stuck at home being sick I love u and i wish I was better or cousin but I'm not:(
Yes! RT : TSA "iPads don't have to come out of your bag. I repeat iPads can stay in your bag" Idiot "what about my kindle??"
Anyone have experience with colocation within ~150 miles of Madison?
see you guys soon!
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
"they make wine for Jews but now want to make wine for normal people" #Roger #madmen Oy vey.
#IfIWereU i would go to bed. night all.
We have added listener capacity to our Stream! Be sure to listen to the talent of solo piano artists from around the world!
p.s. I am getting your shirt tonight! :) I'll let you know when I mail it!
Ask #Siri what her favorite color is. :)
ha, can't say I do. I'm in draft mode.
Austin is so excited to see all of you this summer!
Just paid for something at the Apple store using the Apple app and EasyPay. Totally feel like I just shoplifted.
Atta boy Nunez. Atta boy Stewart. Yankees lead 4-2...<<Glad to see some nice comments towards NOONIE...!
absolutely LOVE the coca cola christmas adverts!
I miss you too. But ya know... You can always text me back :)
Do something a lil strange for some change
Some new sign-ups have reported log-in problems. Also, voting page was loading slowly earlier. Let us know if we can help.
I hate when i cant get the sleep , i so desperately want .
I didn't have my camera at the time & my crappy phone doesn't have a cam! But I go there all the time, I'll see if it's there!(:
Come spy me tonight at the #PKETweEATup & Taste of Lake Country, twitpic me and enter to win FREE MKE movie tix!
I've been seeing u in alot in the press lately and luv how grounded you are, don't change!
LOL! Who am I kidding? I was mostly reading books in high school.
Bout to cut this grass then hop in this #showerflow #sapdoe and this grass high as hell
BIG news tomorrow morning!!! STAY TUNED!! xx :-)
give the tickets to ppl who cant afford them not like unless he wants to take a cool white guy like myself
Det, Atl, NYG would be my pref. Way we handled Det with JV today would leave me feeling confident.
Whoo-hoo! Lovin' all of our fans!! Big welcome to our latest fans from #Jordan! Enjoy! Thxs !!
I love Easter candy and these hips don't lie.
was in re: mickey rourke character in "sin city." well-deserved.
Get your end of year requests in ASAP. RT : Central Library closes at 5pm today, reopen 8:30am on Tuesday. Happy New Year!
so I just got a job offer at a hospital for the summer & I'll be working with patients. YES! (:
For $4 mil #KerryCollins willing not only to take fall for flawed Colts team but tarnish his own rep, when he actually had a good career.
like what
:) You surely will not be disappointed! Best Marvel adaptation yet! Yes, surpasses the first X-Men and Iron Man for me!
did u get a perm??
#ShowSumLove to the troops who risk their lives everyday to keep our country safe.
Waiting for these doors to open!!! Its roasting out hurr. Haha
If you like our sound, please support our band by downloading your favorite songs at 99 cents/song in the "store" icon, signing up as a...
ive been paleo for a year- its not hard for me anymore, but i do remember! good for you! what are your struggles?
Hodge not in a tie...he looks like he had a red solo cup party last night.
George Dennison Prentice~ What some call health if purchased by perpetual anxiety about diet isnt much better than tedious disease.
Getting rid of AQ Status, just in time for us to have one season in the Big East...
i literally just spent 10 minutes staring & daydreaming at my posters...
He siad you didn't say anything.. he said you were just high and he just threw it away cause it was taking up too much room
Heavy moves man heavy moves...
we'll believe it. it's a classic so everyone should see it at some point no matter when they were born
#ghettocrayolacolors rusty hubcap brown
can i please get my tattoo this year? i already know what i want!
NEW CAT
Stunning! Only way 2 describe 2nite's event! Thnks 2 Linda Tony Amy Jason Thomas Dustin Shawna Kamal Gary Donna Bill Bev Patrick & Sharon!
": I'm clumsy as hell today." Yeah you tore that metal stand up! Lmbo
Spanish class < the beach!
"I put cheese on EVERYTHING." -- America
your twitcon is really pretty!
If a back hand is discipline, and the front of a hand is abuse... then what's a karate chop?
I'm planning on it. Looks like a good program.
im just doing me bruh
I just want to eat all the time.
Studio flow
#MyPastRelationships led me where I'm at today... Happy. Didn't need you
Showing properties today from Fed Hill to Severna Park to Ellicott City to Catonsville and everywhere in between. Wish us luck!
Every time I watch a post game interview I think, "Why can't Ryan Braun say good things like this?"
No, we will be in DC! I'm going to write you right now.
I wanna go out , get loose .
brah I heart you ;)
#TwSIG Hey, this presentation is awesome!! Really... that's a real time response!! Very informative!!
Turn partial contact data into Rich Social Profiles with the FullContact API. We'll be at next week, let's meetup!
I should be doing my homework. So much for applying myself. I guess no Princeton for me thenn. :|
wait, people collapse expectedly? : Andrew Breitbart Collapsed Unexpectedly Outside His Westwood Home After Midnight
how do you keep track of the enormous amount of bandwagons you have jumped on? Bet you DVR the Kardashian show as well?
Latest poll numbers show Obama is starting to pull away from McCain, in three key states: Ohio, Florida, Pennsylvania!
It was great to have lunch with you today! Excited about the great things to come.
hahahahaha omg....just bein a hippie
God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son
hey sorry it took so long to reply I was in the shower haha nuthin much what bout you? (:
Wow, never been invited to a party by you...kind of insulted...
I am sick.
thx for following edu_marketing is a Twitter acct curated by Digital Pulp, one of the leading digital agencies in edu space
You can destroy the future by not dealing with the past.
Happy Valentine's Day BFT Family! I hope you all had a wonderful day! Any plans?
yeah I am I hope you like them :)
thanks brother!
Ahh geeze I have a little under 9 days left to get my damn costume finished for tekko!! *freaking out*
haha it's okay I won't hold it against you. I'll blame twitter for not displaying my sarcasm better. Stupid twitter!
hook it up baby ;)
you are blowing my mind
Just woke up... Want to go somewhere but where? Ahh haa Luke's house he's JUST A FRIEND!!
I'm in Iraq! It's not bad, but it's effin cold right now, 8 hours ahead of NY!
My mirror just laughed and said "You are not Tom Brady. Haircut. Now."
Can't wait to hear Arcade Fire featuring David Byrne!! Yes!
Haha...I've realized that saying # TeamFollowBack (purposefully written wrong), that you get some strangers to follow you. Weird.
Thanks for the retweet!
here outside to pick up my mom from work are you going swimming!! :)
So sad to hear about the passing of #EttaJames. She will not be forgotten! #AtLast has become a timeless wedding tune.
Home is where the heart is <3
RT #ryankennedy is a 9 yr old from Michigan w/ brain cancer. His wish is 2 trend. LETS MAKE HIS WISH COME TRUE!
But I am #letired. So have a nap zen fire ze missiles!
Excellent! Hope they worked well!
It's unfortunate that we've turned the act of flying in an airplane into a chore.
My only wish is that I die real.
JustSoGorgeous follow me please<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Books on tape? Comfy shoes? Rainbow ribbon gummy candy? Her very own Star Trek language translator app?
5-10% of the U.S. engages in SM for sexual pleasure on at least an occasional basis (Lowe, 1983).
Can't wait to see that! In the newsroom though...
Pancake, sausage, and blueberry muffins? Yes, in fact I WILL eat all of them.
Wish it was 7 weeks from now! Ready for my fella to take me to South Beach for lots of loving! Oh yeah! Lady in the street.....
We'll be doing a couple songs with Jessica (of ) at tomorrow night! 8-10PM
Just saw AWESOME film. So glad that there are movies like this to show people whats wrong with our education system.
Uncle Green and 3 LB Thrill tonight Smith's Olde Bar! Rock it and dig it, boys!
Congrats on going to and a Big welcome in advance to the Big D!
Yay, I can think of more“: all of those sound amazing! We'll have to get into the test kitchen with some of those!”
thank you <333 I will....
is a Cutiee :-)
What the hell was Beyonce thinking men run the world
RT : A great list of design-related public good in 2011 by including AIGA Design for Good at
Fixing to tear this city up with work friends.
It's pretty obvious that Georgia is not one of the SEC's elite teams this year. I wonder what their record will be in December?
Oh yeah. The Penguins also stomped the Flyers yesterday with a 10-3 win. What's up, ?
agreed. Feels more like June. I've got to get the hell out of Dodge by July
RT : Be sure & follow for quality fitness info.Great resource with awesome fitness professionals! Check it out
Something like that. From Urban Dictionary: "remedy a situation by issuing an apology." Something like that.
Glad to hear it! I'm sure the interview will be heavy!
Congrats on your election!
National Film Challenge starts at 7:00pm tonight! Come Monday there will be an all new Ultimatum Picture...
I just lost two followes :'(
Five hours sleep in the last two days feeling a bit psycho. Just have to get over this hump.
This is awesome, and probably applies to more of you than the original. LOL ,
Trying to decide on breakfast, bananas and peanut butter sounds delish
Take care of business today , do work
It's always been me.
Hey, #Twitter friends! Will you please help us reach 250 followers by Friday?
The world is wacky. When Zoey Dechanel does something off beat, she is cute & quirky. When I do something off beat, I have Aspergers's.
"The human mind is our fundamental resource." John F. Kennedy
No base runners have reached base for the Mariners thru 6.
you are easily the greatest country guitarist of all time. Keep up the good work.
Well, that sounds terrible. What happend?
lol ive been craving some. It's been so long lol
Do you have to be from Chicago or have some emotional connection to it to not hate hearing ppl call it Chi Town? Been curious for some time.
Hows it going? Havin fun bein your amazing self?
Happy Friday! It is Superbowl weekend!!! Get excited!!
My brackets are gonna win me some money! Bout to make like 20 so I can make bank!
thanks for the mention!!
wow Andy I had no idea nice guns look god
fruit cake! I am all about the fruitcake!
I want to know how can I book
Just found out I've missed about 3/4ths of the #Superbowl. Thought it started at 6. Oh well. Two teams I know nothing about anyhow....
This game is stressing me out!
you'll know about 3 min after we do.
this morn I hit my thumb with a hammer, walked a mile in the rain, and took a 2 hr bus ride. those were the golden days, now onto DMV-hour 3
Stupid, dumb, bitches gonna die. I find this amusing. :D
They're together in case at store. LOL RT : Amazing that adults do not know that cheese IS dairy AND eggs are not.
Perhaps, though there's still hope that Mike Brown's apparent lobotomy will yield some results, too.
u did not say dat when I was fucking u in tha ass tho lol
Megatron always, Vincent Brown is in my top 20 this week, Bennet really coming on and slightly above Robinson for your third
I'm a steel trap when it comes to letting myself be emotional... Unless I'm watching Grey's Anatomy.
Padres Opening Day with the Murph, last Junior League training as a provisional, now meeting with residents of the Normal Heights community.
Is Subcomandante Marcos on twitter?
Merry Christmas and a happy, healthy New Year to all of you :)
anywhere there is open space, there will be opportunities for ad sales...effectiveness of those ads? Extremely low.
Population Justice: The Link Between Family Planning and Climate Change! Tonight, Tuesday, March 16 @ 5pm in Higgins 300 FREE DINNER!
Just finished The Road of Lost Innocence. What a horrific eye opener!! :(
you're welcome
Thanks man. we wanted our other Packer fans to see this. We wish it was up in Wisconsin and not Cowboy territory
*at Walmart* random lady: this is where I got my balls
I like when someone tweets something I said.. then they get retweeted by tons of people! Evil Bitch!
So can you state your position clearly so we aren't so confused? What does #toomanylaws have to do with it?
Take it into overtime at least if your gonna get swept
yeah pretty epic, making this flight rather less than pleasant, and inspiring deep apathy for tonights shift...
Seriously am so depressed right now :(
Oh, I'd totally hit that. It's true. Sad to miss the show in Indy bc of all the crazy Superbowl people.
Snowing in Bear Valley. Spring in
"She came through, she brought food, she got fucked, she knew wassup"
If you still wanna party when you leave beamers come hang with us #nine72 afters right behind beamers
I want to know the % of people that named their travel board "I want to go to there." I personally know 2.
Just catching this story about the psycho pastor and his anti-gay sermon. Charming.
LOL! friends wondering if he had on pajamas...shocked by him in general
Check out Mike Irace. I'll send a DM with the number. Not the cheapest, but reliable, knows his stuff, and no bull.
awhh, ! We need hang !
dinner 'Hare 2nite, not up to par. Mid rare - not exactly, many time gaps in service, no visible MOD...sorry, but I'd wanna know
Going to see grandma..
Is this really an infringement of the estate of Miles Davis? The Miles Cafe changes its name to "Somethin Jazz Club" after lawsuit..
Everybody's recommended registry cleaner
Dont you thing if we were going to invent time travel someone would have came back and told us by now?(:
Hell yeah! Can't wait! GO !
I'd forgotten about Lopez until he came to bat for the Tribe just now.
Intricate musical arrangements and lyrics about elements of nature? Sounds like beautiful, hipster-friendly music to us....
There are lots of Blackhawks fans in our house tonight. Let's get loud #Denver!
Oh, and I need to finish filling out my dance card for NAR
Wait Wait Wait.....we are calling lane violations in the playoffs now?....never mind..
Honoring all mothers, step-mothers, grandmothers, and like-a-mother-to-me's today. Happy Mother's Day!! <U+2665>
Just had a going away party for Ken! Its time to get some gifts!
feelme that bitch got that ice t money
and uhh my stomach feels like shit
How did CAG get involved with helping sponsor Final Round? Would CAG be interested in sponsoring other big tournaments?
love ur new single :)
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing custom homes throughout San Antonio.
I want to go to there. RT : Amazing Court Gala tonight -- Bethany Thomas, casts of Angels and Porgy joined together in song
Might take in a matinee tomorrow...what Broadway (or off-Broadway) show should we see?
To all you moms out there, Happy Mother's Day!
I was just told I look like David Blaine... Compliment?
Niggas be funny just cause U VISITED THE HOOD , DONT MEAN THAT UR HOOD ..
It's like Nabokov was hired to write for the Disney Channel
Playing at corner of Lombardy and Birch to entertain 10K runners Sat 9-12. Say hi if you are out and about. We're near the finish line.
So, we want to know.. you have an extra tire laying around. How would you recycle or re-use it?
RT : The swift gray anteater bounced near the hibernating bison
"Guh she say that she ax him and he say he wuh not the baby daddy!"
The great #book swap at the dudes' school! Great way to #recycle #reuse books- & share the book wealth!
ching, ching! :)
Bad day. I need a drink.
Android Update: v1.5 is live. go get it!
OK. I'll ask for Pinterest, too, as more and more of my clients are starting to use it. Thanks!
If you stop by our booth (#1117) , follow us on Twitter, 'like' us on Facebook, write on our wall to win a monster!
I am not a score! What did I do? Lol
I'm going to start my #GhostAdventuresFriday with pizza & drinks with the boyfriend <3
“: "Take pride in how far you have come, have faith in how far you can go." #fb”
Bear Down and beat the Cardinal!
Couldn't have said it better ourselves! RT : MEMORY TRAINING!!!! ;-)
Wish I had met Frank Grimes before his unfortunate and untimely death.
Everything in my life—from doing the laundry to picking up the kiddo—is recorded in my mind in 15-minute billable increments.
I've spent the last hour and a half running, while it's raining.
#smcrva key to successful #socialmedia #fundraising campaign: short term (36-48 hrs), specific ask (amount & purpose), & excitement
I already do! I'm so hooked.
#BiggestFear my dad.
Do we think #LittleBear and Emily ever hooked up? I actually liked "in the night kitchen"
Hey, I'm in Denver. Our Nuggets play you tonight.
All Gold Crown Volleyball Players have free admission if they wear there team jersey! Don't miss the clinic before the game at 4:30!
Me and have a front row seat
he has really big feet. Hehe (;
“: you look like ur about 20 or 21” --- u close but you'll find out soon
hot topic! Classic!
If she wasn't three, I'd think she was on drugs.
Apparently I woke up at 8am for nothing... Thanks MSU Career Services.
{Italian} Dining Etiquette « msmehuljain
Need To See The Vow This Weekend
Your train-y boredom has turned you into a social media monster.
-- I can make an exception to a Twitter follower. Can I email you at the email address on your website?
Men of Bonhoeffer and will be working for Advancement Department this summer!
Tweet, tweet, tweet....
they're already making it! Thanks a lot twitter search bar...
I hope one day I get to meet you just to say Thanks for the Years of laughs and comedy you bring to the table bro.. DAILY.
Almost 19M adult males have been sexually abused. The Life of Riley short film has an audience. Help us make this film.
blow me haley
ready for Easter breakfast? we are!!!
Who bloody cares what the tallest building in NYC is now! Move past our "compensating" era & start building for the future?
"LIKE FA REAL DOE BRUH"
But Wallace was still less accurate than McCoy last year.
Mission homemade almond roca: gooey, messy fail. Mission maple garlic salmon: delicious, nutritious success.
Looks like might have the idea. Thinking we may have to follow his words with action...
by the way, we have vegan cheese and gluten free pizza dough.
I have been on the phone with support:)
I love the work you've done #FacesofAddiction. Would love to talk to you about including your work in an exhibition
thanks so much!!
those pants were a little tight.
When your change up is 90, you throw gas!
that's morning energy
you back from Texas? I'm starting to use this account so tweet me here for now on(:
aww thank you :) my co~owner thought of it :)
Armageddon is on FX rt now. I find it hilarious that everyone drinks from #NASA meatball mugs. Not sure I've seen one ever.
why must today be so damn boring
is killing me at work. "I got three cheeseburgers and I know you want all of them! Dumb hoe." I love it. Lol.
#blueNotes is the place to be!!!
Following Spree(: Follow me(:
disappointingly, no.
It's funny how all the news channels in LA call the president coming to Studio City StarMageddon
We're going to do a nice walk around the west #medford local art studios, and enjoy the sunshine.
This game? On edge of seat! Metta's group hug (floor slam) didn't initiate #Worldpeace. Only bad calls. #OKC!!!!
most are, but some aren't. It's a good show...u will enjoy it. Holton & I may squeeze out after to catch 2nd half
Twitterverse: Looking for a company/person who does story boarding?
Raspect to the writer!
DAMN can't even sleep
• This is one of those things that will just take time. Myself I'm DONE. I believe him. Time to actually WATCH baseball.
Holy tits im tired
Wow. Those are AWFUL! And here I was trying to be all positive in my talk!
The strangest part of today was last night I dreamed I was driving in a black limo with the King of Pop himself-yeah Michael Jackson-crazy!!
ahh. Cool. :p
Delayed 2 hours on the tarmac and Frontier hands out warm chocolate chip cookies. Torture for this very hangry gf person!
lol thanks!! "sometimes," haha RT : if anything they should follow u, ur tweets r informative and sometimes entertaining.
Starbucks black coffee w hazelnut syrup.... Simply the best!
message!!! rt Im not fucking with Hoes anymore. So if I stop fucking with you all of a sudden.
I'd like to give a shoutout SHOUTOUT!!!!!!!!
yea, truth is I really don't know anything. its all an illusion lmao!!
My Dominic is doing so good. He has came a long way!!
I can't find my baseball mitt and that is everybody's problem.
That's a weird message Chris. Heads up in case you didn't mean to send it! :)
Why does it take so much work to actually be informed and not just vote along partisan lines?
Can't wait to go see at Russell County! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Good Morning. It's May 1st. On the grind real soon. Will be that kind of day.
Haha, Noo problem And thanks. Mine was alright too :D
-Robert Mueller Municipal Airport
Yes, that's why I said the age was fine. The feedback I get here is that I look younger than my headshot. Mid 20s early 30s.
Obama has lied that Court overturning Laws is unprecedented, that he enourages drilling ( down 36%), that border is secured, etc.
Once the storm has finished....
Hello birthday girl! Now that you're 14 U can get high heel boots! Having a beautiful wkend! Tell your Mom hi!
I think you're cool
Paul not up..wen i really need him
Don't tell me when to go to bed. I stay up till my homework is done. I'll go to bed when I'm ready.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
At #donkindoughnuts with and
Good luck with that! Lol
Come play poker with Me, Annie Duke, John SIngleton, and Jerry Yang tonight! Edgemar.org/events $50 bucks gets you buy-in, booze, and food!
Money saving print tip: Order bulk, screen printing offers bulk discounts. Think you'll reorder soon? Just add extras to your first order.
Columbia: most cataloging starts from some sort of existing record, eg vendor records and then enhance. Thus partial RDA
I love you.
Thank you and have a great weekend! RT
Philadelphia Pennsylvania
Who else out there has a picture of themselves shaking Bill Mallory's hand?
SxSW podcast on Echospace.org--6 museums collaborating to create a site for sharing /remixing collections & public resources: is.gd/twYO
Since they save searches, Google could blackmail anyone. In other news, I fully support Google's 2012 presidential campaign.
Design is like giving birth to a new baby, when you start putting the elements together you cants stop until the baby is out n alife.
Young Rembrandts is now on Facebook! Become a friend and support After School Programs that benefit students, schools and communities!
GETTING THE DAILY "you're taking 2 AP classes and 2 honors next year, stop procrastinating and be responsible" SPEECH RIGHT NOW.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present
It's #October! This is the month that #DianeMorlan's new #cozymystery #SHAKEDOWNDEAD is due out! Watch for it! www.cozycatpress.com
RE: "The Business of Being Born" --> and I would be remiss if I didn't mention the feminist insights that can be found throughout the film
To salt or not to salt...that is the 'rim' question. How do you like your margarita?!?! $5 margaritas TONIGHT!
Wind, more wind, with a slight chance of wind.
What am I doing up this early on a Sunday? Z
You just gotta score more points so ppl forget it happen, just like kobe did when he raped that girl
Bruce Springsteen Gives a Master Class at the Garden on Being a Rock Star
Means... Thank you my love...kisses! Lol
A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it
*falls out of chair* We can't retweet that, but we so agree!!! :) #getyerHOGon :) :) muwaaaahahahaaaa!!!!
Scout Sunday, February 12th , Main St UMC. Join us as we celebrate the great tradition of Scouting at 8:30 & 10:30 AM, 81 W. Main St,. Peru!
So inspiring to see the debut film of Hara Motion Pictures last night! Such a wonderful program for young film-makers in Monterey, CA.
": We've all got a past, but you can't let the sorrows of your past determine your future."
its gonna be scaryy :$ i used to be scared of behemoth.. its like.. A QUARTER OF IT.
is having a hard time being on a golf course & not playing so he's been hitting a few for the teams that have been coming by
Un cordial saludo Christian.
Wow! Four talented ppl now debating for the presidency of the
No way!!! That's awesome. Small world. :)
1) Never give up. - Donald Trump’s 10 rules of success. Rule #2 in 4 hours.
I have changed for the better and whether it was a solo change or a relationship change, I changed. And I changed for me.
lol yeah. Nick was in my dreams last night. Lol hes trolling my dreams.
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE If your focused on your goals... Your on that
these new #nfl #kickoff rules are lame!! at least we still have punts.
At connect your community. CYC lab. Can't wait to learn about this program.
every time I think I've finally repressed all memory of the Pier 1 summer of r&b misappropriating 2010 soundtrack...
makes sure that the first thing he consumes doesn't contain alcohol. But he never mentioned anything about second...
Good luck to all the students during finals week!
Completely unintentional. If you look closely you'll see that some are grey and it just didn't print well. :/
NO TUMBLR DOESNT WORK AGAIN UGH
Join the call for #freeandfair elections in Congo and a #SpecialEnvoy. fallingwhistles.com We would love a David Corn column!
Has new Fox show Touch killed The 24: Jack Bauer movie?
Clearly you refer to the fourth Little Pig, Gummo, whose brothers never respected his love of poetry. & Big Bad Wolf = Amazon.
I finally know what happens after we die...thanks Google!
no cuz I'm probobly having a concert there!
are you @ #momsterpalooza next month?
Gig tonight w/ our group, Elby Brass! Gig tomorrow w/ our group, Third Stream Giants! www.elbybrass.com, www.3sgiants.com! Hope all is well!
My husband & my son attended # WARONWOMEN rally today with me in Madison Wisconsin. Great crowd & speakers.
#Bruins wingers need to come down the boards more on breakouts. Capitals stealing clearing passes from B's defense too often. Go B's!!
We love our customers! Thank you for another great year!
Thank you again Simple Plan for putting me in tears with your amazing music
Which panel are you attending?
great! And thanks so much for facilitating every week. It's always informative
U inspire me. I have been attending at DeVry University for 3 years.I would like to show u my Beats.I produce R&B music.
New York shopping= the most beautiful thing in the world.
or gay!
“: . Have to do it evenly to everyone. $20 a pay check would have balanced the budget.
Waiting for Vegas round 2
What's the saying? The days are long but the years are short.
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
Make sure you visit http:///www.LoveBoobsX3.com for sexy babes wth boobs.
Thanks for sharing Ben!
Tell me is jelena together or broke apart
You got it! Added to the Twitter Hashtags category now.
Do you wanna do karate in the garage?
Wiki has gone into hiding in the basement. Tried to coax her out, but didn't last long.
Im craving some hot wings right now, foreal though.
who make s there name dhat small ass dick nigga
against=vs. which is the exact language of your ad. Don't backtrack now. We are offended and we will boycott.
people keep saying that law can't keep up w/ tech. right. But if it's designed right, law doesn't have to play catch-up
sure thing! My mom sees you guys.
Fuck everyone, say what you feel, not say what they want
I'm honestly jealous. That's a fun album.
Writing a new record is my favorite thing to do. If only someone were to pay me for this behavior, then I'd have something.
The English are funny group of people.
V neck sweater Fridays.
Happy New You, ladies n gents! Get five 50 min personal training sessions w/me for $100. Ends jan 15!
Life is Golden..!
I might just have to swing by - thanks man!
TGIM! Happy Hour goes all day and all night every Monday and Tuesday
2nd session of chronic illness group... I have to remember never to say I'm sick of attending ;)
OK, that is WAY worse.
Now Following Thanks for the RT!
Sleepy time
Since MoMA admission is free tonight, the least I can do is support art with a $9 Captain Lawrence Pale Ale in the garden.
Problem with windowless office - weather never matches what's outside. This morning, sunny in my office, rainy out there. Now, opposite.
Cranium contest win chance to win stuff and star in a TV commerical - visit Cranium facebook page, Ends May 31st.
Can't sleep. Watching Cheaters. Lol.
3am and the singing birds are at it again......someone please go tell them that's the moon not the sun lol
missing out! SEXY GHETTO GUY IN OUR CLASS.<333
I can't stop listening to #SaySomethin Its so AMAZING!!! #BestSongEver <3
I looked up who Hillary Rosen is. I still don't care about whatever she said, though.
Ayy Pimp Usah Funny Dude I Burn Sum O.g Nd Watch you Almost Every Video. Outa Sac-Town SUPPORT MY MUSIC GOIN HARD PRODUCTIONS
Send a picture of your steelers get together today. best picture wins a autograph
#FreshCutFridays Tomorrow You Already Know We On It.
maybe YOU talk to them on a lifelong period, but not me.
does anyone know what pumped up kicks is bout.....hm?????????
It's the weekend . I'm happy af ^_<
If you get the ulitmate '80s icon at your party, you would have the best '80s party ever.
The barbers at headquarters barbershop is the best in the hood. They actually have skills unlike them other nervous barbers
The #INConversation with Jim Lehrer is kicking off! We'll hear about his experience moderating prez debates.
I finally found you Danny!
If there was a zombie apocolypse&we were gettin' chased&u tripped&fell i would come back&help u get up even if tht meant riskin' my life:))
living & loving my life, my biggest worry today was trying to decide which color nail polish to wear, pretty awesome! #Serenity&Gratitude
Can someone help me get more followers please!!!!:) I don't care who!!!! I will really appertiate it!!!<3
a friend just calculated that if you played every permutation of megamillions, it would cost you 175mm but you're "guaranteed" to win 80mm
yeah... new glass and a new titanium case... ive seen it already... it looks
wish me a happy birthday ?
it's great for running Day of the Tentacle ;)
considering this is a history lesson I have heard in various forms MANY times... I consider myself quite knowledgable. Lmao. People.
actually, class likely won't last the entire time, so we will be able to collect papers & then discuss assessment right after.
Who has blackberry? Send me ur pin :)
Recession or not, Trichet may not lower interest rates due to ego. Retiring form ECB in a month, about face would leave a tarnished legacy.
Yep. Can't go this long and fail now.
going out to the lake to wakeskate (hmm maybe wakeboard) for the first time this year yeah!!
welcome back you classy fellow,, The US just wasn't the same without you and your Australian swagge <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Yea he told me that. He went to the new SMG studio.
I'm so ready to move. I need to make a difference. I need a change.
i'm always curious when a west coaster has a draw to the east. I mean.. Why?!
Shut up thunder. I'm tired of you faking me out, and blowing over my plants and still no rain. Even my okra died. I don't want to hear it.
I've already lost track of the days of the week this week! I was thinking tomorrow was Tuesday. Think I'm loosing it! Lol
Don't be scared to take risk in your life... That's what differs you from others! Who wants a boring LIFE anyway???
that's best friend <3 :)
So this mama bird decided to lay her eggs on our construction site (months ago) and TODAY 3 of the 4 HATCHED!! ONE MORE TO GO!! <3
This just in! Special offer: Get 20% off of your next order RIGHT NOW! Use flyer code 9s! Thanks to our AMAZING customers and pass it on!...
really starting to regret my whole relationship with
In my mind there never was a Jefferson, there was only a Starship.
hey um are you going to make a time for that?
Thank you so much!
Cordy is a stupid name... but he gets to the Bills I may name my son that
Get your 1-day sale coupon sheets at the Bingo card table this Sunday! Get 30% off all apparel and shoes at Cute & Cuddly this Sunday.
Bye bye UNC
what been up. How u been
Be aware of how you sound when talking. People are not mind readers. If you're unclear in speech or your message, you may aggravate others
hahaha how does that make you head honcho?
Some things never change in this business.
Oh god, my brain might just explode over everyone :/ #migraine <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080>
Dear Guitar, #Teleport2Me. I don't care if i'm in the middle of class. Pull a Nike and
; jeez', you weren't suppose to go public with that crap. :o
what's good wit ya
Then he rings me up and says "I owe you three cents, but I think you'll be ok". I tell him to keep the rest of the coins in the register.
Okay, organic foodies. Is a half CSA too much for a single person household? Or should I stick with farmers markets???
Spurs win! #PuroPincheSpurs!
According to a recent Trulia report, it's cheaper to buy than rent in 98% of US metro areas.
If someone has a sister and your dad let your sis te get and IPod Touch What do you think? You think that you should get want too?
Hey Mark miss you on #KSR all we got is Matt !! Please come back !!!!!!
colonel asking me what i've been up to lol its only been four days so nothing
If you are looking for a pity party I am not the person to text.
How many pairs of shoes did and bring to Vegas
It's the first day of the spring semester for our traditional students. Welcome back!
Sure the truth hurts, but it's better then being lied to
You begging her for everything but she never telling me no, i got your GIRLFRIEND ong speedial if you redial it u go be suprised
I would call you but!!!! I don't have your number ))):
is proud to acknowledge the great American Hero, Martin Luther King, Jr., on his birthday!
Y u gotta b a HATER
ohh soo happy for my eveymae who just landed herself an official boyfriend :))
Roopa's great. Not sure who else is going.This will be the first time in 3 years I won't be at NAGAP.
I hate Kate bush.
“: got my dad tickets to see the red hot chili peppers next month! I am such a #greatdaughter” my dad & I are going!
it smells like Chinese food at my house >.<
Tablets make it much easier to stay connected. Haven't checked my email on my home cmptr in months #
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there’s only a scarcity of resolve to make it happen. ~Wayne Dyer
Sweet! Ditto!
It's pretty convenient that I'm from the best state in America
They're going to try to sell more at lower prices--on everything. That's what Amazon is about.
my brother's red & white game tomorrow afternoon!!!
Ya my mom got them 4me,but I think they r way 2difficult 4what it's worth &if I think their hard then you will prob hate it
I'm going to bed don't feel good and it is late goodnight
The holidays are over, but & are still recovering, so the show will return next Monday. Go enjoy a past episode!
A Pen?? Very gutsy ;)
you know you not a baller when Monte calls you out on the game cube
This whole not sleeping at night is taking its toll.
Listening 2 Kaiser Chiefs while reading briefs from December's ban by the Indian Supreme Court on plastic tobacco packaging.
I legit cried when I watched TVD season 3 finale D:
On giving shoes for the first time: "the kids were so so excited, like Christmas day"
I need a partner in crime to crash this Arlington party across the street...
Comfort objects for souls who feel better in closed spaces. Endorphin emitters through smell, touch. Most isolating objet ever.
Let's hope that continues and we see you on the Packer starting roster next year. the year the team regives the NFL the business!
I jus hurt my shoulder cookin too hard to the I Don't Like song.
hahaha Beth I can't get enough of you!
hahaha it would have been then...not so much now :p I would've peed my pants too don't feel bad
-_____- your only goal in life is to cause me pain
I watch your show Ellen cuz you laugh,love and dance everyday, just love you baby !!
I think Huntsman uses the same paint shop as Boehner.
it is lovely, and busy! Are you planning another trip?
ABC announces 'Glass House,' Big Brother-style reality show that enables ... - New York Daily News
It was a phantom "wiff" bc there is no vodka around whatsoever. I'd say it's my Lush bubble bar.
Great run of shows tonight to keep the studying not so boring: , , , &
I always forget a PC is different than a MAC!
Just started my morning with whipping cream in my coffee. I think it's going to be a good day!
All Day Every Day RT To Do List: Big Time Rush
better thank the fans and for all the publicity this season
Wow! Hoping Em will connect soon w others w food related issues...really need more kids in her situation.
Worst Day Of Practice <U+E403>
Just broke a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc in my car. The aroma of grapefruit mixed with alcohol is overwhelming.
I am a color (maroon) ? and you call me names? You sent me the response first. Typical.
Thanks for the #FF, Chris. Have a great weekend.
TGIF!Come get $2.50 Stella & $6.00 Jameson drinks!Full line of gorgeous Ladies and a full bar will have you coming back for more...and more!
please please please please
wait, what do you do then ;-)
Conception to Production. On set: Day 1
For many teachers collaboration is cheating.
Theater kids did to Monty Python what 8 year olds and 45 to 50 year olds did to austin powers.
u still on the subliminal shit huh
R.I.P Cailix and Beau Shenecker.
“: Word to my momma I'm the coldest nigga living”
Happy Mothers Day to Mi Mamá! & all the awesome mommas out there! Be thankful for your family & friends. Love hard. Our time is precious. xo
i wonder if my dog know my name or what does he calls me as.
Have a happy Sunday!!
lmmfao... Boy u CHILDISH!!!
I wish you would talk to me as much as I want to talk to you.
"No furniture is so charming as books." - Sydney Smith
I'm sorry that I don't #ff anybody. Should I?
Next to you go to BW3 try the Jammin Jalapeno mm m good! :-)
Barrack Obama supporting gay marriage, he gets my vote this fall!
Today in 1982, Who Can It Be Now (Men At Work) was a hit.
PR is pleased to announce we're beginning to roll out our new web-site. THANK YOU for your patience as we grow
I sent you an email before I left the office today. There are a bunch of PDF's that I attached with info on what to take.
Great day with family today. NYC tomorrow!
Hi Joyce Walker! Thanks for the follow and for being one of our longtime contributors/supporters.
Apparently re-seating the cables didn't fix it. ACMT > Mail-in repair service, except when you get bad parts. Sigh.
Ppppppusssyy - Walter Jr.
#MyTop10GucciSongs Emergency ....my girl was in the video :-) :-) :-)
hey im a big fan of ur music
Yea CC was leaving. If anything they should be pissed about the Cliff trade. Carrasco,Donald,Marson? Lol talk about shitty.
we all know that's not true lol
We all with you Robb G!
Jeff is a good college buddy. Saw him here in NYC recently. Tell Knowshown I don't say hi.
aw! I can't wait to see you both soon!!!
2nd period under way at the RG and it's Tri-City with a 1-0 lead over the a carbon copy of last night!
Keep up the great MMA work! Our BATTLE OF ATL XLIII June 17-18 is adding Sport Jiu Jitsu sparring. See www.battleofatlanta.in
that would have been much more exciting!
Be sure to stop by while you're in #Indy next week.
They sure don't make it affordable to show off that you are an student
Not yet!
“: hi man find me a descent manager pleeaase country singer/songwriter Noll brothers”Please DM me a YouTube link.
best book for creating a more positive mindset...suggestions?
And they were not close enough.
around them that have."
very cool seeing again today for a #StudioSession! See you guys soon!
I want to see the movie where Abraham Lincoln is a vampire
I presume you'll be at Enterprise Connect? DM me and I'll make sure you get a demo
Took me a bit to follow back, but I think I am there! If I missed you, let me know. RAIDERS!!!!!
how was it?
So What Btch !
3 more weeks until i get out of school praise the lord im SICK of that place
Listen to him. RT : Listen to
And I'm chillin watchin this movie wit Meelah...for now <U+E405>
hey thanks for the follow! music is our life too! "like" us on facebook! turkey is my TEAM!
aww boo lets meet on saturday I got somethin for you
. Thank you for your support!! will be a great museum and everyone should follow its upcoming successes!!
Thanks broo I appreciate that! Let me know if you ever cop something ill get you 10% off/ Free stickers/ lanyard/ and tee!
me and my son will welcome you guys back at the airport on Monday.
I was really happy all day, and one text just ruined it....STAY OUT OF MY LIFE!
Wow! #brewers let the lowly #padres offense put up a snowman in the eighth.
I'm from San Diego ,California <3(:
glad you got there safely! can't wait to hear all about it!
Does this quote apply to political advertising, as well? "You can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertising." Norman Douglas
We want more on
gets me today,that acoustic album is perfect-even if everyone leaves FL,it's a year old,and you know more than me;)
Didn't you learn from not to make silly predictions against the CATS, put that in blood!!!!!!!
either you keep but dialing me or you are calling me but you cant speak!!
If youre a human being on twitter I'd like to have more acknowlegdement that I exist. Sincerely, thanks :)
Nuggets @ Jazz just started
Offensive rebounds and second-chance points are why the Pistons built up this lead..
I haven't seen it- thanks
iPad forces me to sit on left side of train to boston, sitting on right side theres so much glare i can't see anything, lol
Still got to get in the studio! Sometime next year!!
Heading upstate to cool off at the in-laws.
I'll put ya out if you really want it. I mean I have killed someone.. It was my sisters jb cardboard cutout
Sometimes i wish that i had never met you, so i could go to sleep at night not knowing there was someone like you out there.
I don't like the fact that I basically live alone because everyone decides to go places and not invite me or even tell me they're leaving.
Just Registered!!! Can't wait.
Cracking up watching #TopGear - they're crossing mountainous, crazy terrain in minivans - it's Mythbusters meets Three Stooges
I think my brain is going to explode due to over capacity! -.-
Thank You<U+2665>!!!
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music. Aldous Huxley
From leopard-print get-ups to wild and off-the-wall wigs , Nicki Minaj gets attention for her style as often as her stage presence.
But great to see you FINALLY admit, at least implicitly, that allowing gay marriage would enhance individual liberty.
Once you hate someone, everything they do is offensive. "Look at this bitch, eating those fucking crackers like she owns the place!"
I believe in the underdog, who chases dreams and breaks down walls.
getting ready for #catalyst Dallas. Hmm...what should and I wear so we can blend in? :)
Wine Tasting from 4-6pm tonight from our friends Cascade Cliffs
looking forward to seeing u guys soon hope u chose my video this time miss hearing from u both xo
what was wrong?
RT : Manning to Broncos...more coming on Espn
As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big. – Donald Trump
Really trying to keep my religion
Thank you for everyone who came to support our business & the fire hall this weekend! :) Have a wonderful fall week, stay warm everyone!
of course you cant answer that question, because art is not to be defined...jus expressed
its even more fun than it looks
Do uever sit in a conversation between two people&wish u could run far away.if I'm forced2listen atleast talk about something intersting!
did you see Polanski's CARNAGE? If so, did you likey?
um I dunno what RAAM is??
#What2ChainsWouldSay 2chainz on twitter Wrist cost rich Dinners Nutt on her face she a sitter Made a track with WEST imma a winnnnneeeerrr
This friday around like 4pm biz kids real will be selling juice at the ryan city rec basketball game at 530 webster ave
proposed edit: "try a smaller re-usable lunch container".
Follow back Fam!! its about that time!! i got a spot we can go to!! DM #
thanks boo! It was a great night. now back to shitty weather :-/
school uniform. just another wednesday
Don't forget - tonight is Associates of Applied Arts #Degree #College Open House Night! Please RSVP at 214.638.0484.
Thanks for 'favoriting' The Life That's Waiting for You, Marie I appreciate that & am glad you enjoyed it.
I am he, I am he, Hajji stepped up on the scene, I been going so hard they saying Go-lightly (Drake Voice) Ha
Some thing tells me that your kids are telepathic.
what job are you applying for there?
Hey, man, where is the slap bracelet?
#ONTHETABLEFRESHANDHOT - Why Cook when the #ChicagoSoupCompany can deliver #Soup NOW!
Yea, because horse racing, cocaine distribution, & murder all go hand-in-hand...
Hello, stranger. :)
Last exam of undergraduate career. Let's go!
have one for me too please!
"did you just home?" lmao yeah you caught me~~
Shut that shit up!
RT : Thanks ! So happy to be chatting about #MainStreets!
We didn't realize we were making memories, we were just having FUN!!!!!
I have no excuse for today.
Go NC state!
awesome performance at Letterman tonight, absolutely love you guys!!
been using both that and pad mapper :) I think you tipped me off to it before, thanks!
so my december the DART rail by my house will be in use. finally
Out in bumblefuck, usa
clutch, shift.. gas...
Any suggestions on what to get 2 little girly- girls for their kindergarden graduation?
Also stay tuned fans as coach John Spencer will be reppin' the 503 at 4:15 with !
Watching lingo.. Omg im dying from laughter at this one guy :)
Why do people cuss? I don't understand lol.
i slept with Domo last night...
isn't it your birthday on may 4th
i don't ike them i LOVE them
College is a sham. RT : My extensive knowledge of American and European history has yet to make me any money lol.
haha. zach probably got some on his computer. my old laptop broke so i lost all mine.
ha, i get season tickets, & i will be at that game cheering on !!
so jealous right now. I'm working on finals. :-(
PAZZ and Jop poll published. Most of my top ten are in there somewhere, just not at the top. DON'T SLEEP ON
get better I love you and you still look amazing when you are sick!<3
At work. Apparently, someone stole our collection copy of Beastie Boys "Paul's Boutique". Ugh. That's infuriating.
“Volunteers are the only human beings on the face of the earth who reflect this nation’s compassion, unselfish caring, patience and just...
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 6
are you friends with austin mahone?
Well the show was canceled Saturday. But what a productive camp weekend!
I would if I knew when you had free time lol so just ask me whenever you'd like to :)
My phone is goin off about MERGE tonight sheesh!!
Good to see puhppy happy :)
buying Carlo Rossi on the way home.....
Does anyone else out there have their picture books shelved in bins? And if so, how do you keep patrons from dumping any old book into them?
Yea that was straight outta the JFo handbook! Let's go shopping together for Baby Gideon's gift btw!!
Have 2 Act Unsatisfied or Uninterested Till You Get Want You Want In Some Situations..
The untimely death of Macho Man Randy Savage has filled me with the desire to play the NES version of Wrestlemania in his honor.
my brother sam is dead hit the road freak,the mighty the cage wish you well goose girl where the red fern grows northen light
ATL vs BOS. Let's gets this W boys!!
I procrastinate cuz the challenge is so fun :)
Think I've finally recovered from last night!
Some music festival in Charlotte in 00 or 01. We hung out in lawn chairs and shot the shit for a while. Wonderfully nice girl.
Blake shelton & miranda lambert make the cutest couple:B <33
fabd was good, but smoketown USA was better. Near nachbar...
Hellenic Caucus cochairs & I are hosting briefing for Caucus members on #Greekdebt crisis by #Greece's Ambassador to US.
Looking forward to being there! RT Initial list of beers for the International Beer Festival at the IX Center posted!
I want to open presents noww. Please.
lmao mine! Nick hahaha and I really wouldn't call it a sex life lol. More like hanging/ dating / meeting life lol
That's cool.
most ppl has an agenda, especially politicians.
Dear 49ers.... Please please DESTROY the Aints!!!
from the previews Camilla looks like the badest..
Margarita time!!!
Further 300 jobs in the pipeline as firm expands - Galway News
I keep seeing famous people everywhere. I'll take that as a sign.
Merry Christmas Eve!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
": lol still aint got dem shirts" u never came to the fieldhouse...
have to say if i had a gf like misa amane i would be happy as hell haha
Omg, I had a great dream last night.
Totally love love love !! Must get out to Murfreesboro soon!
well if you are here to stay.... Welcome back.
Re-Tweet this 100 times and you will get to hear myself, Ron Burgundy, play jazz flute. And that's no lie.
Hooray! Thank you!
Why is "W" not called double v?
Cheeeee back from san jose now bbq with my honey, my keiki, kiana and kai...fun times
we did too. Cheers! RT :
: Enjoying the last tracks in DC
I expect to see lots of bithday wishes for my man Happy Birthday Dude!
COBRA DICK IS THERE...4th quarter let's go!!!!!
which bank are you at? Campus Credit Union has a container of pens (orange and blue) that you can take with you!
If you want to sound powerful, always say "I know a guy "
just get @ me tomorrow after 6pm
Today in 1968 Martin Luther King, Jr. delivered his "I've Been to the Mountaintop" speech.
Boy get outta here!! You know nuggets weren't gonna let the Lakers win like that...
Unlike NYC, the OSI-Baltimore targeted schools are not Baltimore's "beat the odds" schools.
have a good time :)
Thanks to everyone whom made ArtWalk possible! We had an excellent time! and you can still yarnbomb the aqua trees outside the gallery!
haha! no but it was Tim and Dylan that introduced me to this horror show.
Twice this week, TWICE, I forgot to pick up some bags of salt to put on the driveway.
! Thx for all you do. We will see you soon. RT
WHO PUT ALL THESE 7%&)!! TABLES HERE? WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON? WHY ISN'T THIS QUERY WORKING? Oh, right.
My sorority allows us to store 4 boxes. I hope they're okay with my 17,000 boxes.
Most EPIC thing I enjoy is seeing educators really *get* it in terms of what is possible to do in virtual worlds
....With a zip up hoodie on...."Derek, Pat is so predictable"
She call u when wanna shop and she call me when she want da cock!
...food. I should make some.
Yeah i know, who reads anymore!!!!
love it!!! I'm not going to the game, but I'll keep an eye out for it on tv
Who has Buzznet?
Florida Panthers will play 1st playoff game since being swept by these same NJ Devils in 2000. Panthers are even money tonight.
Anger - Every time you give someone a piece of your mind you make your head a little emptier!
now thats a good hubby;)
Kansas needs to make a run. Now.
Lilly and marshal finally had their baby!!! :)))
Thanks 4 coming down--RT : At <U+E047><U+E044>
post it on my wall. i'll see it tomorrow o:
it has your name written al over it!! I wish you would come
we need to get you some new tees with the new logo!
is having a beer on this glorious Sunday morning
the time when you typed something up but then didnt end up sending it
. I guess we are not building the pyramids. #software is incremental
ok red vow renewal shirt 2nd to last row blonde long curly locks !!
Brand new Baltbuster coming up in 10 minutes! Plus getting you Kelli's Cookies with the Baltbuster Bonus!
When are you back from nawlins??
": Why must I get hungry at this time??" Me too :/ bring me food
Alright. I've been on campus for 2.5 hours. Knocked out some tasks and visited with scholar-colleagues. Now, on to the greater task at hand.
I agree... He's the #Bruins backbone tonight RT Bergy berg with a huge goal tonight, you watch.
Broke a board with a side kick and earned my orange belt this evening.
i love my girlfriend :) she farts.
Fresh ingredients, inspired preparation and a friendly atmosphere combined to make dining at Mesa Grill a memorable experience!
I love to laugh!
Cant wait till the weekend!!!!
Heading to Guns N' Roses - an invite from "sweet child of mine"...Marcus. He even bought the tickets - now I am really excited!!!
"I'm friends with the rat people" ahhaaha
“: forward to seeing all the duck alumni and fans in portland this week! #GODUCKS!”--same Cam!
dear Jenica, you seem super cool! & you're really pretty.(:
what are you going to ?
you suck why are you on the Knicks you not even that good to play Cba you herb
oh okay !
RT : the sun descends on #westernma. let there be barbecue and sweet tea this afternoon, pretty please. Amen, sister!
I don't feel good <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Awkward moment when I go to watch video chat on silent and a commercial goes on really loud in class :(
So I totally missed the memo about Earl Scruggs
Happy Easter guys!:D hope u have a fun day kuz i know i am!
Caps fan next to me at bar, in a heavy NY accent: "If the Islanders ever start winning we're going back to being Islanders fans"
Are you interested in auditioning for Allegro? Visit www.allegrodancecompany.net seeking college age students to tour in 2012.
reminds me of the time(s) I was kicked out of other establishments for tacking $1 bills on ladies normal legs
U nig**s on the bench, like the bus commin
is it worth all this traffic?
Hey, have a good time at Harrison's? Use Yelp? Please leave us a review!
you are up early for that kind of evening.
ahh wish you were here, soo much sports talk lol. Cant wait for boxing and cinco de mayoing, see you toniiighttt!!! :)
so does Thursday work for everyone?? Where should we go? :)
tell me why I can see this happening? Lol.
To what news do you refer?
When you say you feel so alone I just want to be with you, but I dot know the right way to approach you.
Hey Bryan, I have a really cool segment idea for Evening Mag. that I think you'd be interested in. What's the best way to send?
Was privileged to attend the Interstate Softball Tourney this past year and see how much the Briscoes love their friends in Paraguay.
this is not a drive by
The dollar is at its lowest level against the euro since July 2008. Expect to see more European buyers take advantage.
The easiest way to treat people with kindness is to remember that God is watching.
Julia...thanks!!! Hope to see you to at the arena too....can't wait for hockey to start again!!!
Protect your #1 investment with a paint job from Mr.D's Painting check out our web site @ www.mrdspainting.com or call us @ 619-562-5848
Newark next and a trip to Stockholm, Sweden is coming up.
While arranging groceries in the trunk, the wind caught the trunk lid and thwacked me in the head. Now I can't remember if I have amnesia.
My body hurts like Kooo razy but I can't sleep cuz of the ghosts!
Nice to meet you Robesoir!
something i love is that my whole family says "good luck" instead of "break a leg" to me. do they want me to fail? or is it just habit?
I feel good that's the important part.
Come and get pierced, two for the price of one!
What's up in San Diego? Besides the low ceiling.
Heard pulled our fire alarm
looks great!
hey Kyle! It's Ross from VIDA! Hope to see you, again, soon!
I saw that guy give a TED talk, and he jumped around just as much. Hard to follow.
RT : S/O to professional fellow 'connect-the-dotters' , , , ,
Finish them
Goodnight guys! I'm so tired..
Baby, next time you're gonna try and make me jealous, pick a girl who doesn't look like she's been hit by a car. -Ex Girlfriend
thanks man!
cccollab got hacked & deleted. omfg. NO THIS IS NOT HAPPENING. NO. all of logan's videos on there are gone ):
how are you doing?
sorry that happened to you too, but it does make me feel better.
I know it's one of my favorites, but I can't believe they don't even use apple from Julian!
I'm super busy in Vegas tracking a new vocalist. This guy is on another level, HOMies. I am in shock and awe that he is gracious enough...
You're welcome. Looking forward to
thats cool but that means we may be able to meet before hand
Sum of that good good. 70bucks per good
Back at Superstar to show off the , , Paul, Chilina, & rest of crazy talent to Dad!
Uh-oh ... Just lost power 5 mins ago. Looks like everyone else on C'ville Rio Rd East did too.
#fringe Lost again but better
What's good twitter friends
Yup ! RT : who baby ik you not talking about who I think you talking about !?
it was ur fault.
The woman next to me just switched from listening to Iron Maiden to listen to the Postal Service.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
God in the midst of you is omnipotence. There is no power external to you. All power is given unto you.
G'mornin! I'm dragging... Who told me to stay up late watching the NBA playoffs? Have a great day, I'm looking for my coffee cup!
I think just because of steve harvey.
It's the TV show Who's in Who's Out, which I'm in, just not on IMDb but still...first step! ;P
Can you keep a secret ?
u really dont know y?
Round two of questions focus on general city issues
Congrats! You're logo is great!
Just woke Up feeling good bout to watch heat and lakers game
GOOD MORNING TO ALL YOU PRECIOUS WOMEN I HOPE YOUR DAY IS AS BEAUTIFUL AS YOU ARE !
haha :D thats cool :D your grandpa seems to be cool, haha :)
Great! Looking forward to it.
I meant they lol...but this george bush spell check I got on here is failing a nigga! Quit tryna sell pussy on twitter too
I personally find it amusing that the majority of online arguments end up as a question of one or the other's intelligence or grammar.
all the time. we're pretty easy going here, and we'll look up their record, but I usually ask for address, etc. cont.
Agreed. That was some good journalism there. I can only hope something good comes of this.
what are you going to bring in next week m-f? CC:
All of the Hope Has Come EP is now uploaded to Youtube where you can listen. Praying that it will point you not to me, but to Jesus.
And on Chinese New Year! Better get to inventing!! :)
I emailed you
OMFG L00OOL i cant believe we did that a year ago! where da fuck does time g00000?
Yes! Tania is amazing :) Thanks for supporting #WaitingForLefty!
Ready to go to a haunted house!
The Silk Tie likes Tim! Put a Tie in front, thesilktie.com
Who would you rather get into a serious relationship with? or Lamb Chop?
first day the same, then new roads near Bishop. Stay tuned for details...
Just got tatted (;
follow me and ill follow back
Dad got Kyle the Edge 3 disc DVD.
#MoviesILove starting with the Letter "X"
Your the man triple h get better soon
Haha oh the #irony. World sleep day and happens to be the one day I get 2 hrs sleep
nope it woulda been to obvious haha #Japan now we got 3 pitchers from japan, tateyama, uehara & now darvish!
UUHHGG!!! Why cant I fall asleep! I really want to but everytime I try, it doesnt work!!! I guess I could start by turning off the computer.
Pretty much my last night of ever studying or doing homework in highschool...
clear your throat one more time and I'm going to rip it out
I definitely don't use this enough. so i should. and will. yeah.
if Myles only tweeted you I'd be so jealous
Honestly wish that 1) my parents were in the military 2) I went to the military or 3) I married someone in the military cuz them benefits >>
that's what you said last time...are u for reals this time?.... 8|
was sleeping soundly until I was rudely awakened at 5am by the cat jumping and clawing my face. Thanks cat, for the lovely, bloody wound.
Every WEDNESDAY at 8PM #FUCKYOURFEELINGS on w/ and Big Zu!!
Thanks , , - for being top influencers in my community this week :) (insight by )
Getting props from artists I respect puts a huge smile on my face.
1423: your really pretty and I like your hair a lot oh and I agree with your bio 143% <3
Happy mother's day!!!! Let's go Let's go
I'd be so much smarter if I were to just keep Facebook deactivated and redirect my all my excess attention to my Twitter feed.
killin it today in he meet! She's a boss
Just had a dream I was at the Tech Oscars and Kelsy Grammar chipped my tooth playing a pre-game of dodgeball.
I can't say whether God likes Tebow more, but it's pretty clear that the refs do. . . .
so 7 or 13 for Derby?
Oh nice!(: if you still have my number you should text me???
Gotta finish getting ready for work all overtime this week with no days off...detemined
Love the new season. Funny to laugh at ourselves. The recycling bit and loved seeing Jeff Goldblum in the Knot Store. Pink shirt perfect.
Had so much fun at the avs practice. Bout to go to the pens hotel in a little while. :)
oh no
Lets fuckin go Pettite aint a damn thing changed
- aha, What I Do Traniqua
thank all of you for the support. Keep spreading the word, so we can keep pumping out those riffs!
EPIC FAIL: Man has issue with 24" #iMac, goes to unplug, Unit falls over, glass and LCD crack, unit fell over on iPhone 4, cracks that too!
so glad it's friday
The Trucks are at Kendal Baptist Hospital Today for lunch.
is the only person worth following on twitter more people ahould just not care and be original like her.
Ex has disappeared for good, it seems.
Brig. General steven Anderson, Iraq vet, says the #keystone #pipeline will "delight our enemies."
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 49
. Help us spread the word that #Nov8 is the day that the #VAGOP will have a majority in the State Senate.
I don't get it.
My bed feels positively delicious. Tell me again why I'd get up?
Yep! RT : How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. -Wayne Dyer
It is I MikeyWild me Lion and not a spaming twit!LOL!check your email
tiny let dat woman live! damn.. yu got plenty money!!
Now these two girls are in the quiet car talking about their horoscopes. Refused to be quiet. Reminds me of a trashy
My sister had an incredibly difficult paper due in an intense class. She also happened to be house sitting for my aunt. The morning of he...
its filthy in the office with the music being blasted. Filthy I tell you.
LOVE! That made my day that you just finished the words<3 what a powerful song! Love you girl! (:
hey it's ur bday you getting old hahahahahahaha j/k
And...they're all gone! Thx for that taste of heaven! Stay tuned for what's happening next week!
“ Seven times down. Eight times up. ” - Japanese proverb
Contrary to popular belief, it's actually the fat that makes you look fat. It was never the dress
Drat! I did not get to pick up my geraniums from the Assistance League today.
Wore my hoodie to work out this morning. Didn't get shot.
the awkward moment when your alone with your ex
I'll admit, I felt nothing while reading that poem.
that was dumb what you just wrote in the CR, haha what you think
Keats dance recital was tonite. Can't wait to post a vid link of his group YUP to G1Cs Breakdown = amazing stuff!
Someone's tryin' to catch me ridin' dirty. You'll win. Just sayin'. =P
flights booked for #Ohio! Excited to see family, have baby Kendall meet the rest of the Ferguson family, and watch in action!
that's right. that is how it must be! The law of attraction. I always try to avoid the opposite cause its contagious as well.
": THANKZ FAM" C'mon homeboy.. thats what we do #Supportfamily. I still gotta get u on dat record...
Operation Free is open to everyone
Idk if anyone has ever watched Money from Strangers, but this is legit the funniest show ever. I've never laughed this hard
Haha! But I'm a dog person, really.
Thanks to the Hotel Foster crew and BJ, Shane, and the Schoepp boys for bringing our residency to close in a blaze of glory last night!
and last but NOT least. thanks for the #f (faithful friday follow) shout out! , you rock!
I remember when people when they were mad at some one would tell them to "drop dead"
Miami Heat are now 2 games (1 loss column) behind Bulls for #1 seed in East after 98-93 win over Thunder. Miami will face Bulls next Thurs.
You have become master of yourself and master of your likes and dislikes by surrendering to your purpose in life. – Albert Gray
The only thing to cure a Brett Favre vs Aaron Rodgers argument is MacGruber. The opposite of
Predictions on tonights #bruins game..??
"All great change in America begins at the dinner table." ~Ronald Reagan
A lot of work to do today! Has to get done!
"#greatapes are on the brink of #extinction. The fate of the great apes has great symbolic implications..." greatapesroad02nell.pdf
I can mention myself . Lol
I assume your income is north of 300k?
Where do you get your clothes? :)
Deefizzy loves pasta.
Thats goal of the week 9 times out of ten for Roger
What was your favorite part of the Dog Show? No spoilers for those who are waiting until Thanksgiving!
Things you should probably never do during a storm....GO!
anyone outside of ESPN it seems
Thanks for the tix. My date and I had a great time
what to bring home as a souvenir from oslo... a troll or woolen underwear?
h*** yeah f***** right. Its a drake song
come over later and ill show you
Lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>RT : yes we were! Omg do you remember all of the little dramas we had on our team? LOL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
one of these days.... when #ginaboo starts trending...
This fucking weather can [expletive deleted].
who is funny acting
How da fuck do I reply to "Lol" like seriously :/
Regarding #MothersDay - I do not celebrate a reminder that I was unequivocally rejected by both of my mothers.
#Betty White can get away with saying "the Twitter" and "the Facebook." Anyone else - not so much.
Boom goes the dynamite times three for Prince tonight. Wow.
Even Racheal Nichols knows your a sidekick.I hope Delonte is giving it to your crackhead mom real good.
When buying a home you can often get a discount on insurance if you combine your auto and home policies
Had a talk with my mom about certain things, she has to face the facts already <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Waiting is the hardest part. Can you just tell me already!! Either way I just want to know so I can go about my day!!!
no its not, its pats fault lol
no u not
Indeed. Forgive & Forward March...": The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook."
Sweet goodness we Florida residents are loving this delicious weather!
YO, HOW THE F#%K ARE YOU!
#SOTD is Beast by the Acacia Strain. Also #LOTD "We cannot be enemies, but we cannot be friends."
Watching get Punk'd! >>>
So were prisoners in our own house.... Lovely
Aye this nutella has been calling me every since I woke up from my nap, been too lazy to get up and get it
ya and it was at this festival outside so during aar's set there was so many drunk people just standing there watching them omg
Fag? What is that, another term for "a guy who can get more chicks than you"?
Projecting 's leading headline for Wednesday: "Rupert Murdoch acknowledges he is indeed Sarah J. Phillips."
Sadly, I did not. I don't have skills like Katniss.
Chef Steve will be back to Tivoli next week along with the Kids Art Park. Should be beautiful!
Element of suprise
So kimchi made with that pepper paste is my most delicious batch to date. So good!
“: Set your standards so high that it may seem impossible to reach them. Scare yourself with high standards of excellence.”
Gilchrist was #3 on ESPN top plays. UNC losses. UK is #1 GO KENTUCKY!! GO BIG BLUE
iight, you gotta tell me what time to come over though
Do the English people eat English muffins, or are they just called muffins?
wait until you watch Toy Story 3 when your son is older. That's when you'll really be sad.
we can play radar dubs man!!!
Why people want to know if superstars got Facebook? You on twitter and following them. They may respond to you and you can talk to em.
Ty Happy Easter!!
how in the world can a phone cost literally 1 cent with a two year contract but cost $550 without the contract
World wide trip, new offices, new team, great office in Bartlett Tenn, can you believe huge space for almost nothing. We bought a house too
Stop and go on i5 N to portland, after barber
That's benefit increases. 401k argument seems to be that DC can't be underfunded. Does '06-propB also prevent underfunding?
yooo was up sir. We still need to link up
much love! that's awesome man!
Gotta plan something for spring break
How do you know when you have a strong hook?
Send us your urban artwork and we will post to our network
There is bourbon in my blood, music in the air, and a calmness upon my heart :)
#sschat Reviews with QR code scavenger hunt.
“ what u talking about
good just got the never say never dvd hahaa i watched every bit of it even the previews hahaa
My exciting update for the day... Working on enrollment status reporting. :)
- thanks, Tony...as always, appreciated.
OMG! Come on Tom Brady!
"Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking." - Marcus Aurelius
Was not able to see it yesterday so no Lost spoilers today please
Another class act - there should be more people like her - Pat Summitt steps aside as coach of Lady Vols
Thank you so much! #MuchLove to you! <U+2665> ;)
I feel like shits changing . Im about to be on my SOLO-DOLO shit again . .
Observation is a lost art.
true. I thought I did too but I guess not. Meh.
yasnippet2 is a lifesaver. Love it.
Stupid clicky games like Farmville? That's my guess.
The 1st step in conquering the dreaded QLC is def admitting it which includes self reflection & taking control of ur own happiness!
Dallas wins ! Dirk Nowitzki !
Wrote a story today, so not bad :)
I've always wanted to ejaculate all over the Happiest Place on Earth.
The art of Enagement = actions, reactions, transactions - Brian Solis
Loko June 2nd we need a whiteboy scene and this classic video.
unfiltered sex scenes, awkward bedroom dialogue, mayer hawthorne & LCD on #GIRLS. i'm obsessed.
Im definitely starting to learn "Patience is a virtue" with my whole job hunting. I can't wait to start a new position ASAP.
What do you think about the new e-reader textbooks? Do you think they would be beneficial?
A little smile goes a long way.
": Accidentally sent an email to someone I hate. Recall, recall. This morning is not going well. Ug."Its ok I havent got it yet
Happy National Coffee Day! Where will you be getting your coffee today?
CONGRATS! ! KEEP CHOPPING WOOD!!
supposed to be representative in any way--despite the title's anonymity.
One little tweet can make my entire day even better :)
i hate everyone in this class omg.
Step Up is the best movie ever
"all teh metadatas" talk - Why RDF? triples can be expressed in any format with a stylesheet. FTW!
Yes you get to see Magnolia!! #HartOfDixie glad you love the show!
This home plate umpire has been so inconsistent this whole game both ways.
For some reasons a men that knows how to dress is such a turn on .........plus he smells good with nice smile ......yumm LOL
exactly! You were in the back laughing and texting and I was trying to get her to calm down lol
this relationship shit for the birds!
If I've learned anything from this game... You can't touch Lebron.
Come on by Talin Market for lunch and Oz has FREE Mobile Hot Spot for customers.
sweet man, hope you can go, i dont want to go alone lol
definitely going to check Project Foundry out. Thanks for sharing!
I spend so much time reading. Guess it is the nature of the job. I need to travel more. Been quite some time since I was away
We're quite busy on the weekend. Reservations are highly suggested.
"When dispensing bad news, do it well and people won't forget you. Do it poorly and people will never forgive you."
Number 1 prayer right now: My brother gets the money he needs for him to go to Duke
I will be all weekend. Headed to Florida.
Bout Time .
do yuo want to 2 follower go follow she follow nack and i follow you
off to have some japanese yumyum and then off to a movie!
FYI: George Zimmerman is a murderer. #trayvonmartin. Don't forget!!!
The boy & the football player! ;-) RT : I'm watching too! Best one yet! I want that baby boy! My heart aches for...
Whats for you, is for YOU!! Can't look at everybody else .
Getting ready for a big week.
"Be careful when you think an expensive education is gonna get you a job when there are no jobs to be gotten" been thinking this for a while
My line yesterday though>>>>>>> wet as hell.. Lbs
I wish I had someone to talk to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Reading #50ShadesDarker and picturing the yummy as the smoldering, dysfunctional Christian Grey.
RT : Everyone please be safe tonight !!!!
Haha... Too funny. Tell your mates I say hello. Enjoy.
u should be! Lebron looked shook in that final minute! Sucha #BUM guarantee he never wins a championship!
#cbb2012 Question: Where does Ed White make the case for CBB and Rowson being in conversation? Is this published work or a conversation?
Back from the Caribbean. Tonight- family dinner to commemorate my Dad. It's been 7 long years since we lost him. Still miss him.
Went to presentation on Sakai. Next week edvance360 is presenting. Anyone know anything pro/con for either? How about Moodle?
Yes, I think Lance Armstrong is a liar. Nobody enjoys Michelob Ultra.
that is the most ridiculous picture of me that has ever made it to the internet. And that is REALLY saying something.
370-participant card sort done. I've already noticed different search behaviors among diff user groups.
: Game opponents will need to find a new angle to restrict content and hope another SCOTUS case overturns the ruling.
off to bed
Skylar didn't deserve to go. And I'm not just saying that because I'm from Mississippi. She's an amazing performer.
Good luck!
Go Swimming
RT : I see my klout score has slipped from 61.55 to 61.48. Someone needs to give them a long talk about "significant figures".
Hey, hey, catalog systems aren't boring! They're epic! Gripping! We're getting a new one soon too, so I should know.
We Film MUSIC VIDEOS!
New cover and profile images for The Edit Foundry!
If this was a boxing match between Dallas and LA...Phil should just throw out the white towel.
Happy Mothers day to all you teen mommies out there! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
I wanna go back to sleep!
Check out the book 2 cover (it is now my profile picture). "Oracle - Fire Island" will be released soon!
Nothing else gets my soul stirring and mind racing like ART. GOOD ART/SMART ART/BRILLIANT BEAUTIFUL COMPLEX ODDITIES
Just throwing it out there. He went from 0.7 ppg last year to 7.3 ppg this year and hit 7 treys in a game twice.
we are glass.
Ha ha awesome
yep! Do you have awesome birthday plans?
i might just have to refer him to my twitter
Follow Back Please :)
Temperament=a predisposition to react in a particular way to stimuli
i do think Cody should pick us up and bring us to his concert...i don't think it would be too hard..
Ok. Slight difference. RT : Goodness. Scratch that again. 5-for-6 on squeeze bunts. And I'm 1-for-3 in Tweeting about it.
Remember when my sister and I didn't hate eachother? Neither do I.
Fuckin love green day<U+2665>
New Background! And by the way, send us a tweet about how the kefir smoothie tasted if one of you tried it!
Anyone else amused that a recent biography of William F. Buckley is written by a man named Bogus?
I couldn't prepare myself for this fall, so when I did it hurt.
I have read, watched movies, surfed the Net, talked on the phone--Lawd, we still ain't home!
rockin' on my birthday. Thanks for the gifts...
Positivity may lead to Possibility...
Apparently many of you were far more emotionally invested in TV's Bloopers & Practical Jokes than I.
Blame Corbett. NA is having a big retirement. Chances are they are hiring.
“But the land, whither ye go to possess it, is a land of hills and valleys, and drinketh water of the rain of heaven.” - Deuteronomy 11:11
Countdown: 74 days
RT “: When it comes to love, #Virgo analyses every single Goddamn thing.”
I guess Bret Michaels did "walk it off"...you are a dick......
Q2 aesthetics are important, but you're getting into Plato territory when you try to describe what makes a library a library
7 Must Read Content Marketing Links
Front page of #USAToday has striking article: "Violence ages Children." Talks about the impact of violent experiences on children's DNA.
Books do make awesome gifts. Thanks for sharing!
na i was like let me go to Star ( ISS ) and he said go to the office upstairs and ask so i did and they made me go to class -.-
HaHa! Kevin Bacon in Animal House.
not to sure how i feel about kid cudi's new rock album
I give up on this class, time to eat my breakfast.
when the devil is talking - Knocking you gotta choose sides we never call him SAT** we dont give him that kind of glory
I hate when girls be talking shit but they never doo shit
Good night Irma
Nothing angers me more than people who try and disrespect me, who have zero intellect,
Bosh was very much needed in this game
Thanks for the mentions!
thanks partner :)
Thanks- Am I smarter than yet?! Lol!
I'll be there babe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Done.. Ok, now we pray!
Hope you get that nap! / RT : registration done, paper submitted, house estimates faxed. Desperately need a nap.
Hi Beverly! Those data (and the graph) only include tweets with the #grammys hashtag, not all mentions of the show or artists.
Why is it wee-ber state, not weber state?
Oh and Happy Veterans Day everyone! <3333
MIT's Woodie Flowers: Life on Earth text book, Kahn Academy Etc "There is an explosion of training aids"
Wow...didn't know the littlest things could turn into a HUGE ORDEAL!!
the woman in black was so gay. with
#WeGetLow when we sit at the beach six feet under the stars.
very tempted! Bit pricey mind!
": Mosquitoes should suck fat instead of blood."
u go shoot me that info to hit u up
dude, iFart for OS X is going to rock. So glad to see working on something that meets a real need.
Spread it! RT Why, I must say I feel MUCH better after having you fling those turds for me. Nothing like a little fiber! ;)
Thanks for sponsoring Digital Live - should be a great program and look forward to seeing you there!
yes, there was a Wishbone Phantom. :-)
Thanks...Seriously I needed the laugh...visiting my dad tomor, he has Alzheimer's. It Sucks.
Today, airplanes are shooting stars.
There it is! Thanks Mary
maybe! Where in Florida are you?
Dear anonymous. Thanks for killing my library buzz. Did it have to be today?!
would try and kill a mosquito in my room but only injure it so it still is flying somewhere in my room -.- hahaha
"if I'm not wearing pants tomorrow I'm not wearing underwear"
Love barley! RT : Did you know barley is the top whole grain in #fiber?
#tastemakersks Expendable income for fans is spread past people just buying music = Phones, games, movies etc. You have to make great music!
A pair of #Huskies got their names called. DT Ta'amu Alameda to the Steelers in the 4th round, OT Senio Kelemete to Arizona in the 5th.
...ok im off wrk nw...(all wrked up earlier.. and i must play later)...going out 2nite...get tipsy...and..shake my booty..(wanna come???)
good idea!
Getting outta class and going home before lunch>>
So glad you enjoyed the 18th century recipes for my quick breads!
love when he goes "tomorrow is void rays and void rays comes afterwards" for some reason. mass vr is def annoying in a game.
Mexican for dinner on Cinco de Mayo. Delicioso!
cause he has a girlfriend ? hahaha
come to the thanksgiving for lost souls party with me!
Words of a true hater lol : MARK MY WORDS LEBRON JAMES WILL NEVER WIN A RING HE ISN'T BOUT THAT LIFE.
when it lets you on in safe mode, just go to restart and pick a time before you got the virus. Works for me all the time.
We are so food truckin!!!
whoever brings me french fries will be my favorite person in the world
fuuuck, imma come pick it up from yo house. Where U live ?
Who heard us on the radio in Pittsburgh last night?! Thank you
I feel like this trends once a week. I have so many it's hard to keep count lok
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me! UR amazin
Business is built face to face, belly to belly.
There are great people doing cool stuff everywhere. You just have to keep your eyes and your mind open.
Um.. I mean nothing open. How's the repairs going Lady?!
I did folow for u
only if once I get there you shamrock my shake. Haha. What?
That which does not kill us makes us stronger. Truer words were never spoken.
hey cobra (;
Great young work.
Oh Mike Brown's gonna call a time out... brilliant. Draw up anything other than get the ball to Kobe, and he's a tool.
my place in NOVA
M, warm bath of milk and honey!
- Never even knew you tweeted. Will be very refreshing to have you in my twitter feed.
"Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goals; nothing can help the man with the wrong mental attitude."
haha! where is that?
Taking my ballerina out on the town - Such a treat.
We're headed over to see perform at "Raise Your Voice to End FGM" concert. Hope to see you all there!
Having the Ishii / / Japanese Green Tea IPA - helping out Japan never tasted so good.
Special thnx to Dr. Michelle Scott,Milton Corsey,Alvin Perry for their expertise and inspiration! We look forward to working w. them again!
Wallet full of singles = at a bar last night. Wallet with singles & $20 &$10 bill means bartender got with it & stopped charging me so much
la la la . I want to go to one of Vinny's dance practices he does real ' bad . - The Jenster<3
YESS! Ahh I'm so excited!!! It's going to be so fun!
#Hawks beat #Celtics, 87-86, in Game 5 of ECQs. Streamers fall from Philips Arena. Boston had plenty of opportunities. Choked the game away.
I'm just saying what I'm saying & talking about what I'm talking about.
which one?
BREAKING: Phone is responding again.
I need the revive tent right about now. It is happy hour time though....
great win over Stanford, Ducks! Keep playing hard and good things happen. Way to finish.
Preview the galleries for free this Saturday before our Arts & Eats for Justice Gala on December 6th!
Exciting stuff is happening in the planetarium today! We can't wait until the renovation is complete, you guys are gonna be blown away.
#Nurses are lucky to have someone like you on the #California Board of #Nursing! Congrats a million times over!
2nd time this year the Brewers have wasted a gem from Marcum (at Atlanta too)
Nope gets the intentional walk
Just watched mark zuckerberg on 60 min. FB is taking over! Big changes tomorrow:) Nerd luv :)
u knw ur mexican when ur mom always says carlos jr. instead of carl's jr. LMAO she craks me up:)
Do you think M83 is being supported by a group of Victoria's Secret models on this current US tour?
Loved Midnight in Paris. Agree to disagree.
takes stage at #HRSummit2012 on 7 things HR Must Stop Doing - focuses on being connectors not barriers.
#2012c19 Michael Stancliff draws connections between Tea Party politics and attacks on the freedmens bureau 150 yrs ago.
Big ups to my DJ homeys spinnin' tonight! at Lavish, @ Suite21, @ Razzmatazz
kendra i love you your show is amazing and your so beautiful
Harry Potter.~ <3
“: loved doing say yes with you lastnight at #tuesdayverses! :)”>>>Me too Sis!! FAB as always <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
. "bat their lashes" - you ARE good at the visuals in writing... still seeing u in front of the record player as a kid!
Noo I meant I was tired of all the yays.
My 4-yr-old: "Mom! Guess how many days I've been wearing these underpants? Ten!" (Thankfully I know this is not true.)
my room is finally cold n i get to eat spaghetti today and today is a special day today finally is looking gooodd
Successful shopping
Hanging with today<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
SO true.
It's been a much to do about nothing so far today. I'll make it out to London. Seattle people = snow wimps ;)
If you lend someone $20 and never see that person again, it was probably worth it.
I miss the hot dogs more than the pizza. :) You miss Michigan?
I wish these punk asses would get out of my class -.-
Thanks for the R.T., Kenn
Made in Dagenham. Great movie. Wish more people had seen it.
Just released a sigh of relief
Well done MT : there is now nonstop service staring June 8 from San Diego to Washington DC Reagan International
yeah cant be doing with brommy on a monday haha x
Rain forecast for NYc MayDay. gods are apparently in the one percent
up all night
i love cheesy quotes
I will hold nothing back in my effort to live. I will not hesitate to be.
I'm pretty sure I will be the 500th caller tomorrow to get an appointment for my snow tires. I can haz prize?
I want a twitter best friend -.-
oh and there aint nothin bout you that dont do somethin for me by brooks and dun.. thats been my my shyt
Is there a list somewhere of the reported bad plugins? I try to keep track of them to protect my clients.
Anyone else panic each time they receive an update from ?
KEEP IT OPEN NEVER CLOSED
I love how I just refer to Universal as "the park" now.
Thx to for informative & timely presentation this morning. Talk to her abt social media for your business!
... in the future, please address me as R-Snid .... that is all !!!!
Going to get my labs done. Needles dont scare me!
you're vety welcome! Enjoyed a nice visit to your site today!
Cool, thanks you gon' be there? or should I even ask? lol
Proud of my head game lol
A jug fills drop by drop. - Buddha
RT : Clinton/Booker
I will go to college far away from anybody, probably in Greenland.
Shots on goal after 1st period: Rangers 17, #Caps 4.
welcome to the community
hehe My recent book was The Circle of Sorcerers, epic fantasy.
rats. Made plans to see avengers that night.
I'm really bad at being mean
Pretty damn nervous with the whole wisdom teeth getting pulled today.
if that were true, you'd have gotten my # from Cutler & invited me to a sympathy writing session. ;-)
Lmfao. He's all business.
"I'm sorry I'm not perfect but either are you"
Awww that sucks!
deflated...note the uncapitalized "d" for emphasis...
it's not quite the same view here in Lex.
President Obama at a Fundraiser in California: "I've said this before, this election will not be as sexy as the first one."
Happy First Day of Spring!
here's to #breakingnewyearsresolutions on
and I are on an epic quest for sushi. bought a groupon and adventuring on the trains due to construction. I love this girl <3
No kindle no product, right?
Porsche Mongolian Push Shows Chinese Wealth Heading West
hey what's your contact info?
why do you think I'm going to bring you food... /:
You're just jealous because we're young & in love.
girlfriend makin tuna melt sandwhiches C: #win / #bestgfever :D
Could really go for some Mac n Cheese right now... sounds so good!
$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 474 9988 \Clearwater Call NOW......
What's the popular kids toy this holiday season?
Do you have playoff tickets?
hahaha I just saw this... "I'LL DO IT!"
Buy $300 worth of Morton's Gift Cards and get an extra $50 Morton's reward Gift Card for YOU!
My head hurt ;/
Now we're intrigued -- what's your "agenda"?
An old man came up to me in the park while i was feeding zeus and said that he breastfed until he was 7.
This page is here to support artist in the metroplex ..... Even the whole Texas. Let's get it!
OK, here we go - RT the next msg for your chance to win a FREE gift card to Dogwood. Four lucky winners today!
Creepy road o.O
Thanks so much for speading the word on our amazing device! We love to get new people connected!
Congrats man!! I was listening to 1010 today at 6 and the guy was nat'l and terrible and thought it would be a great opp for you
thx for the tweet greet! I'm a big fan of - and his twitter tips. Feel free to pass along yours too
Our newest client came to us paying $10,237 a year to insure his house and collection of cars. He now pays $7,371. You ready to save yet?
it's those endorphins girl that keep my hyped!! #missumore :)
same thing as you... Sitting on the bus..
can't get ya girl from that twitter tonight? dats because that Johnny Ready s.o.b. is on the mic! haha .wuts happn ya'll how are ya
when my mom is sad thus making me sad <
Do you think anyone would judge me if I got a tattoo across my gut that read "Hall&Oates Life" in the script of Tupac's?
Monday 9AM...we'll be featured on Real Milwaukee! Set your DVR!
check out for notes from a #detroitfuture / DDJC talk at MIT!
Yeah dude. I miss you! :(
Final in Acting Class today...I'm excited, I've spent weeks working on it!
got it! Thanks, I've passed it to the appropriate people.
on draft.. Part of limited brewer series.. Will do growlers
Congratulations, Miles! Keep allowing God to use you. Be sure to post a picture of that baby (#juniorPatriot) when it arrives!
I started out by just getting up and walking/ running for 30 mins 6 days a week until it became a habit, not stressing distance
RETWEET if your a 90's baby and not pregnant
is wondering how Nancy Pelosi ever became the head of anything. I mean, really.
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each Firehook Bakery & Coffee House neighborhood store.
Productive Week.
: Breaking news: Bulls guard Derrick Rose tore his Anterior Cruciate Ligament and he is out for the remainder of the season.
for what
Up bright and early. All emails returned.
Cheers dude :)
Ready for
Nah playa. RT : I was knocked by 10pm, but I already know LA fans mentioned Bron at SOME point during the gm last night. Mandatory.
Thanks for following us. Let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
but how old are you in your mind? That's the true question
You know your room is tiny when you can almost reach everything from your twin bed in the corner.
White girl problems right?
I'm buzz at the moment.
yeah,yeah whatever tell Brooke I say hi
I will smack you one day. And you will take it.
Manny Ramirez suspended. Steroids. God dammit
Thank you #cleveland! Stop by and fall in love with the future of our city.
but I wanted to see Annie as a flapper girl!
love that video
hi Livy can we get copy made for the studio and we will frame it..I am so please you were so inspired by the song...means a lot!
No endorsement for school board position 2. 43rd does endorse the Veterans & Human Services Levy.
:) Indeed! Thanks for the link!
11:11 is a great song but just wait till you hear 's next single!!!! All i can say is OH MY GOSH!!!!!!!!!! GET READY!!!
Bacon and eggs bitches. I just need to find some eggs.
If you are up you should come post on my wall ! Lets talk!
I want my hot Cheetos. But I bet someone ate them. I bought that big bag for me.
Obstacles are just chances for us to better ourselves and make money
Shortly headed off to NNLM's E-Science Day in Sacramento, to see what medical librarians get up to.
“: youtube singing video .” you should
My 2012 fashion resolution is to evolve my 'sportswear collection' beyond yoga pants and (gasp!) sweats.
Haha nah. My ninja warrior assassin skills keep all potential kidnappers at bay.
"Making Mirrors" -Gotye
I'm bored lol
You can't kill me, I live forever through these bars.
Pioneers answer right back. Demopoulos from Flint. 7-6 with 13:34 to go in the third.
hi! im from long island and interested in coming(: im in the group on fb too!
People mourn differently
u have no idea. Want to hurt someone!
come on back in! What are you waiting for? I'll be in the office on Tuesday. Can you make it in?
It's Cosmic Horror Day! Celebrate by staring incredulously into the Bottomless Abyss!
The 4 cheeses on our Quattro Formaggi are fresh Mozzarella, Provolone, Pecorino, and Gorgonzola. How much you love it is up to you!
pace the 4hr group with me.
I can imagine.. Lol
Miami dj
What's good everybody?
it was brilliant! And now they have a completely clean slate for all new "original team" movies! Thanks for recommending!
Got a chance to watch True Blood new Season I like it....
Watching my favorite episode of iCarly, the one with #OneDirection :)
What time do we have to be there this afternoon?
wow those roof shots are amazing
But you're traveling to #Napa...it'll be a good day. Make Casey drive!
Awesome episode last night.
allstate commercials <3
HEELS go on your feet. HEALS go on your tank.
God is SO good. I know I say that all the time, but He truly is! Had amazing conversation w/ 3 beautiful women of God. Woo..amped rt now!
yeah... and yeah I just did(:
Nothing beats inside the actors studio! Alec Baldwin is great!
Hey speak of the devil...
You are loved. By many. Someone right now is thinking of you.
Ending the war in time for the holidays! Merry Christmas America! Love, Obama
Come see a large selection of candle warmers and fragrances!
I think are the same person... Every phone call we found out we are more alike!
S/O 2 my new followers!!
Guess what is a mere two weeks away? OUR LAUNCH PARTY! Sept. 20th at 6pm at Mie N Yu! Hope you (and all your friends) can make it!
Our process for industrial carpet cleaning has earned us a reputation as the go to provider for carpet cleaning.
Heading to my first critique group ... nothing like putting your blood & sweat on the table for all to read!
More like turkaboo right?
but unlike them you and I will make our time count in this world and well make good
um doin well woke up n a good mood so I know ima hve a good day
Just saw a hydroplane flying over the harbor and felt like I was in Seattle for a second.
just something to make u laugh about! It's true though!
Choe's Facebook payout proves truancy and parole officers everywhere wrong. Graffiti does pay.
The high for Friday is 68 degrees :O <3
SAVE 30% On Pruitt's Mech. of Biomats - incredibly important to understand medical implant design - just use code ENGINEER30 at checkout
Muscat Wine: A white wine grape, used in light & dry wines, low-alcohol sparkling wines, & sweet, late-harvest wines.
Hi, Jen. I think the most important thing is to learn about and practice open-book management on the SRC model.
Josh and Phillip are dueting! This is gonna' be amazing!
I've had my bike for years they are all copy cats-Skaggs
ATTENTION: every girl should not wear makeup, so guys can fall in love with the true you!
Camp is going great and we would like to welcome all of our new students. They are a great addition to camp. Thanks for jointing us.
Make money money, make money money
Just when you start to become discouraged things start looking up!
We are open today until 12:30 PM - plenty of time to get here and enjoy country music artist Nick Smith!
I hope Blake Griffin doesn't get beat up too bad by Sugar Shane tonight.
Hhahaha, just saw an ad for new shoe called "BOBS" - thought it was an SNL skit on shoes... nope, they just ripped em off
if you don't say that Saturday we are fighting!
www.houstonapartmentlocator.org has the most experienced apartment locators in houston
On my way to Kidquake! A great lineup of authors and artists this morning. ()
Finally got my free nano!
Lofty Dog is officially open for business at our newest location in the Village Shopping Center 2700 W Anderson Ln Ste 402. Come say hi!
Once you take the inflation out of Oscar's numbers, LeBron has him beat across the board.
oh sorry that was rude to put a wink face considering that's you:P.
i feel like you know me so well that you know how to make me feel sorry for you…
Hey Hydeia ! So great to see you on twitter. We hope ALL is well with you, & perhaps link up again sometime in the future
Thx. You too.
Doubt I'll be able to make it to practice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
The last three #Surrey wickets went for 8 runs.
Use the microwave for cleaning?
": I Love RT's from Great Folks like: thk u
Don't bring chicken nuggets to a prose reading potluck
Werners brats and sausages, jalepeño relish, beer cheese soup Opening Day! Good beer!
Agreed! I plan on being that sassy when I'm a grandma, I'm loving this.
I'm more than a little bit worried what might happen if I say "RoundarchIsobar" three times.
they are making every jumper ever
baby girl yu are the star .. Forget About the about the bitch man im all yours ;) no homo tho <33
Simple Educational Toys Hacked From Electronic Waste [E-Waste] # ewaste After passing a mountainous pile of e-waste crawling wit
did sum1 say tools? RT : "Tools arent everything, but try 2 build a house w/out any" - its about the technology
and u Krusty bro
Iced coffee toddy, anyone? :)
yea..but I love all my peeps..FBers, Twits and 4squares!! lol..
RT : podcast of and Forrest Livengood from #dcavl. Want to hear it, let us know.
Church politics,Appearances, attendance?!? #Christ walked around, saw a need and met it. He said to the woman, "now go and don't sin again"
Oh what glorious fall weather in #ABQ today! Here's hoping the first week of October is filled with the same!
who's jumping from team to team I like 2 teams staying neutral this series whom ever wins I'm with them all the way.
thanks bro(:
Blazers need a bit more toughness... A little sissy like right now. get a body on some one... Damn
Who is going to be our #300 person to like up our page ?
congrats on the news!
got any suggestions????
Oh Colonel, me so hungry. Me want chicken. Baak Baak.
Dangerous catch phrase: "Open Mind". Instead, have an Active Mind, which doesn't grant equal status to truth and falsehoods.
...:::im so numb right now i dont care who says or does what!!!:::...
no disrespect but y do u have ta b gay u r soo cute y?
Who attended the Human Service Career Fair at - we were there!!!!
awesome! Ill be wearing one of the eye piercing blue volunteer shirts!
Tatum O'Neal was 10 when she won Best Supporting Actress for "Paper Moon" in '74, making her the youngest person ever to win.
Retirees move, but not very far
So sorry dear! Got tons of prayers coming your way!
Wow. RT BREAKING: Jockey Robby Albarado arrested, according to Chief State Steward Barbara Borden. He's off today's mounts.
#WhatHurtsTheMost was being so close and having so much to say and watching you walk away and knowing what could've been & seeing that (c)
one word- YAY!
#ndpl 'mass digitization collaboratives' reduce the barriers - you don't have to go it alone.
so people worth ship the devil that don't make it right
Jaime told me she seen you ! I'm blind girl lol
NO STRIKE! REGULAR SCHOOL ON WEDNESDAY via Parkrose district and teachers reached 'tentative' agreement on contract.
Fuck you man
What is a special memory of being loved on Valentines Day that you can share with me?
Agreed! Super fun to see you in your new digs. Glad your desk is a little crazy, like mine always is. I can see why you love it. :)
Can I go back to sleep?
She can sing omg
Home cooked lunch while studying bio and chemistry with my vivaldi vinyl playing =] just one thing away from a perfect day
Well, looks like my grandma's dog is gonna die. Sorry, I'm not crossing the road to save you. There is a strange man/woman over there..
TIGERS! AVILA! HAPPY EASTER! WALK OFF HOMER!
you dirty scoundrel.
Pauly, when will filming start for Season 6?
-Plastics, young man. There's your future!
Ok I know I'm a day late but 'you can't shoot here' is a great premise.
Big scary boom just woke me up. #apocalypse?
Excuse me seat belt extension passenger, would you like to move and have the two seats in row 5? rewarding obesity in 2011
Thank you for motivating me to open my Twitter Account. Let's start with a good morning twit!
That was quick lol
Thanks so much!
Congratulations to the Saints!
I like the new approach"if we weren't honest, we wouldn't be dominos" I will weigh that comment with past experience
SHOW DATE CHANGE! Santigold w/ Theophilus London @ the Newport has moved to 6/28. All previously purchased tickets will be honored!
Hey you! Head on over to Stage 773 at 8pm tonight! We want to sing wiener jokes to you! Trick or teets! Tonight! Do it!
"A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than knowledge that is idle." -- Kahil Gibran, Lebanese Poet
#lakers are getting abused
I miss my Scottish friends! Hope you're all doing great!
Hey, thanks for the follow!
Your lips my biggest weakness, shouldn't have Let you know.
Thought Easter egg hunts had an age limit
#everygirl deserves a guy just like ;)
I like using two people for time estimates. One is the estimator. One is the dedicated reality checker and number padder.
when do they come out?:)
Haven't in a while but need to!
haha I'm happy to, but I'm REALLY bored!!(;
. I think SDB could push in opp direction, esp w/ prompt emphasizing diffs signaling "weirdness" abt Mormons.
"Good women are obedient. Bad women are outspoken."
Oh and I just got a flat tire so that's cool.....
- really good article, Mike...spot on!
1. Chain of command 2. You're creepy sending my gf and I a tweet about something you obviously know nothing about.
hey what sups
Happy Thanksgiving!
Me too. Want to spend more time there
Upset the upset.
Life is about living and enjoying. Never waste it and keep dreaming BIG!!
allowing sum1 2 remain in ur life afta they've betrayed or hurt u is simply givin dem permission & opportunity 2 do it again
Lynn <3 David
i am high on pcp
Thanks for passing the internship along. We really appreciate it!
This NFL shit is
That's crazy nice of you to say! Have you checked out facebook? We post all of our stuff there :)
lmao c: i was thinking of doing a callab cover of a song with you :) but i'm torn between a few lol
Getting defriended on Facebook
going to class with Guest speaker from people magazine today. How cool!
": #Nf follow her she follows back. Yes yes Lol
and that's the truth!
the funny cruel world we live in lmao
Why the sudden kiln lust?
get in touch with me asap babe either by FB OR BY PERSONAL MESSAGE ON HERE Bobby:-)
Clairemont has the BEST mexican food in San Diego... Sorry to say, but you're bat shit crazy if you argue that.
It's snowing. Blech!
Dogs are driving me nuts today
Micheal woods killed last night ! Had a blast
It's some people that make things difficult for themselves. Starting to realize I'm one of those people.
Awh, that's an excellent point. Hope you have an awesome day, regardless!
How hard is it to get a blowjob after a comedy show these days?
I've never fangirled this Much this song is just to much !!!!!
you're talking about the owner being a douche right?
Congrats on being in LA - BS reader's top 4 comm CD most want to audition for.
If you're at the event today, look for in the gray UD basketball t-shirt!
Most fall classes r now full get on the waiting list today....www.yatkids.org
yes! I've had the same quote for the past 20 years. Maybe I need a new one, I think that's the problem.
The moderators are doing there job and weeding out these candidates, Pawlenty, Bachman and Santorum gotta go, sorry, not qualified
And if i follow you plz follow back!!!!!!
I'm pretty sure imma be stuck on Hunter Hayes for awhile cause I actually bought his album, unlike David Archuleta, Bruno Mars, etc. Heh ...
We're at Traders Point getting ready for the and concert tonight. Stop by our table and say hi!
The guy behind her seems pretty choked up, too.
Two very nice innings from Mr Jones.
Happy new year 2 everybody!!! Thanking God 4 bringing through crazy 2011. 2012 gonna b great. Making sure I dedicate more time 2 u as well!!
My ticket for HITTING A DEER was dismissed. Maryland traffic court was surprisingly efficient.
Talked to middle school kids today about starting their first newspaper - hope some of them stay interested!
Love my friends...now onto bball bright and early!
someone bring me chipotle k.
Taco Cabana run. Only took 36 Hrs.
I hated that tweet. RT everyone hates everything
Off to tend my bees this fine morning! Can't wait to see what they are doing with all of these spring blooms! Certainly they have been busy.
If you are the smartest one in your circle, you're in the wrong circle.
cool, I've seen it like 100 times...the songs I like are ones sung by Zac Efron.
I will do it if you do!
It is very eye opening when you have to carry the water three people use over a mile. How wasteful we are!
BlessUp Queen! LOVE Da VIBES. SELASSIE I! UK to da World wid CULTURE!!! bun out de slackness. YES,Yes clean heart massive
So ..... 's theme song isInescapable by Jessica Mauboy. :O)
She'd definitely be a good addition
nice to meet you
So far so good! Go #49ers #ducks !!
Feel free to bring things I might otherwise miss over the next few days to my attention.
Danger! Danger!
so u'll help me i cant believe u will do that for me lol thx if u r
LIVE AND LEARN - Columbia Daily Tribune
RT : My lipstick's called #WITHtheDJ by :) Very fitting as I'm omw 2 2 dance my feet off!
good for you man! glad you can finally be yourself.
Taraji Henson, that's all I'm gonna say.
It's too little too late for
Yup, taking a weekend away caused me to lose momentum on my WIP. I think I need to reread the entire novel to write the last 20 pages.
Yeah, that was REALLY uncomfortable.
The schedule says TBD while we all know who its gonna be.
Thank you for including in your Daily!
Thanks for the RT!
how the hell does ANYONE see that as even?
I prefer Cher.
A friend from hs just killed himself by jumping off The Swamp (football stadium at the University of Florida). We weren't close, but...damn.
Pickle and pepperoni sandwich.
so bord dnt want to go to skool marrow
Strange that there's a fitness conference at our hotel and they wear workout clothes to meetings, but you always see them on The elevator
What a buzz kill man its raining!
Most of us live in a virtual reality. It will be good to remember that we have real lives.
I'll probably never attend a prom again cause of you
So since we moved, and timewarner decided to be stupid, we switched to satelite cable service......
Are these clouds sticking around? Tonight's the supermoon. . .
same here but im moving to la this summer so help but im going to be a singer
VOTED BEST IN THE VALLEY BY THE EAST VALLEY TRIBUNE... Try our new Chicken Lettuce Wraps today! www.goldenvalleychinesemesaaz.com.
Thank you Matt!
#longhairdontcare I better see you this weekend for some cocktails..
morning I would be happy networking with you Ms.Kang
huh? MY fave docs are Winged Migration and 1 Giant Leap. I haven't even seen THE LAST GAME.
It's time for lunch. I'm on my way to get the new Smokehouse BBQ Chicken sub. It has only 6g of fat so this sub's healthy and delicious!
Some ppl talk too much...shhh...just a little...
Get up, get up, get up and shake your napkin :-)
What did I give myself for MOM's Day? A r/t ticket to Portland, OR this fall to visit 2 wonderful women <U+2665> who are the reason I am a MOTHER<U+2665>
Lol, You Ok?
SWEET!!!! I would love ANY Cooke jersey
I can't believe y'all did it!! So proud, but now Yay for fast food!!!
Cnt wait to see u Andrea!! :D
kicked out? Didn't think you had it in you. Would pay to see that
thanks for spreading the MAC wealth. This SSAer learned a thing or two!
"How do you turn on the stove"
good great actually you.
Only a matter of time.
fuck ya dude
Crystal Pistol Tonight!!! 8pm FREE! Sleepwalking Home Absence of Ink Twofold For the Wolf! and you sons of guns!
HAPPY ST. PATTY'S DAY!!
but I would have to wear that black shirt thingy over it
YES! that's RYAN KKook!
god bless the lives lost in haiti we pray for quick recovory to the wounded, Caliburr Records
haha make a visit, i know your ass will be lighting up all day
Hanging with fashion folks getting ready for a photo shoot, yeah i know odd post for sure!
dangit, I totally missed getting tickets today.
Last speech.. Thank god
Would rank CB's like this: 1) M. Claiborne, 2) D. Kirkpatrick, 3) T. Johnson, 4) S. Gilmore, 5) J. Jenkins. All are 1st round talent to me.
Hard to believe it's already the last class of our first quarter.
Thanks for the response Do you think eliminating the allocation would stop $$ from being raised entirely?
I'm t-t-ticking like a timebomb baby baby. When you told me to forget you I went crazehhhhh.
Good Morning Everyone! Have A Zswaggin' and Zentastic Day :)
*swats your head*
Would like to be included in your Richmond, VA listings...thank you!
still huge for that product
..."DOC TALK" meet n greet with medical friends at Wheeling Country Club from 4-5 pm, then Lauren's BDHS Sports Banquet at 5 pm, then...
SO proud to be involved! RT Big thanks to for sponsoring !
got to follow the fan club lol
No problem (: It was easy enough to remind you! I love twitter, haha!
Anyone attending #BlogHer? will be hosting a happy hour on Thursday @ Marriott's Tequila Bar & Grille
On my way home!! Hope everyone's having a great day!
Try some Aloe Vera Gel :)
THIS!!! #crew96 fans are the best RT : Joined the Dharma Initiative.
Would love a triple-shot espresso right now...
Hahahha(: Sorry bout that!:D
This is stupid, shut up.
maybe, but it doesnt take much to be the highllight
Agreed. Only a fan but I'd prefer the NCAA leave it alone. Everyone is on twitter now, how could a school control that? jmo
Join in following and supporting their Lawrence, KS area #DV shelter !
Just saw Teenage Paparazzo, and now I'm curious to know how you felt about fame and stardom before you ever became famous..?
He's not in my top 305. RT : Oh word? RT : Nelly is one of my top five rappers
I'm proud of my immigrant parent because she believed in herself despite peoples attempts to prove her inferiority.
Thanks for following Rosa!
Jarrod Polson and Kyle Wiltjer have the best rap about UK winning ever!
“: my boy in the place! #tonightsparty” || ALWAYS A PLEASURE MY MAN
: Smiling in the middle of a kiss .. <U+2764>
me too! Omg tonight was so good. Can't wait for next week and dreading it too
Joe Paterno dead at 85. Official
So tell me dear, can your heart still break. If it's already stopped beating?
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Goals. Intelligence. Independence. Spontaneity. Honesty. Confidence. Loyalty. Muscles. Good in bed. Great credit.
Being in the right place at the right time won't make you a success- unless you are ready! Question is, "Are YOU ready??" :)
#NF hottest online celebrity site ever
*You fuck with dolphins*
okay (: did your mom get my voice mail yesterday?
I'm afraid that i've thrown it all away.
Bring on Christmas!!!!!
thx for sharing! I'll investigate.
Librarians understand the value of archives, right? So why is it that we don't do a good job of recording our own history? Just wondering...
happy late birthday! I'm sorry I missed it. I love you!
Chemistry test time...anxiety starts now
I'm not psychic. :)
I'm not gonna lie, it made me cry at times.
Thanks, Brett. It should be out by the first of March.
ha! no doubt!!
I'm sorry ): I was doing my nails :/
Hated it at the time. (I was 16.) Have grown to realize it's FAR superior to Gremlins 1. Should be more sequels like it.
Working to put the finishing touches on this big announcement!!!! Be looking for it!! I promise you're going to love it!! :-D
hey baby, you've been lookin' lonely.
#ILoveWhenYou text me every minute :)
Only a few more days till The Red Wire and Flatfoot 56!!
lol @ moody when hungry
#HappyMothersDay Unconditional love and support, working all hours to feed & cloth their children. A mother's love never dies.
Minneapolis 48 Hour Film Project Award Winners playing at Saint Anthony Main Theater Aug 5&6. Lineup includes The Cabin (Green Sea - Horror)
Austin I know you see this(; #SaySomethin was amazing! :)
love watching UFC
Gloomy good morning Seattle!!
sadly instagram doesn't work on my kindle or I totay would.
I'd do anything to be with you just a moment. Maybe you answer me -with love
Hey.... i write songs... and i sing... but only in my room. in my head. :)
its abt a gay boy who gets so jealous of the boy he couldnt have, he turns in2 aphrodite & reeks havoc on everybodys luv lfe
Sick again. Let's see, I've been in LA for 2 weeks. I think its time to quit the pizza and beer and buy some groceries.
Which fans are you talking about again? RT : We have the greatest most loyal fans in basketball period!
RT : I wish soldiers in Afghanistan would just make funny cat videos like everybody else.
Got super excited bc i thought RT a tweet of mine then realized it was just some other fan I was so happy+now so depressed
When I'm away from #WeHo I feel like I'm in slo-mo.
This energy drink is neverending energy....
What does it say about us when offering supplemental tutoring to low-income kids is considered "controversial"?
Rewarded for speed -- Malone: We wait until Steve Jobs steps on stage, the flag is dropped, and we write fast as we can.
You can become blind by seeing each day as a similar one.
I miss my roomies already
Thanks Matt. I am glad u like my performances....I am working in my new Album... Hope u like it... Bless u
Hi, Reverb community. Wishing you a wonderful weekend. We at HQ appreciate you!
Damn good thing there's a workplace policy against lunch hour cocktails. Saving it up for
Ladies if you think you're Hot let America be the judge sign up for THE EROTIC .com. Chance at 50k
S/O To Everyone that Came and Bought their St. Patty's Day shirts and hats Today and not waiting till last minute!
Shrooms on Netflix
55k at dinner break
“: Djokovic is my hero.” I second that!
Wow. Just wow. She's amazing.
“: I have an irrational fear of wasting a good outfit on an insignificant day. #CTL”
NO!!!! not cool man. wait til you meet at the wedding & you will understand my total love for that show!!
i am a huge fan looking forward to reading your tweets !
That say no to smoking commercial is :o
thank you for your support of and kids affected by disasters. Great event tonight!
Wish I was at #miami #artbasel looking at things I would never buy even if I can afford it, free artbooze & random party photo ops
It means a lot when someone sticks to their word....it means even more when you finally see thru the fake of someone u thought was real
When was the last time you had a warranty issue with your mattress? Did everything work out?
by ourselves, but we will be playing with local bands
Bout to Hoop been waitin a min to get some in
"A bad attitude is like a flat tire. If you don't change it, you'll never go anywhere."
good morning everyone!:) I'm off school today, what's everyone else up to?:)
need to hear 911 tape & how incident reported by shooter. Right now I don't see PC for stop by either party.
This Starbucks is playing Samba followed by Bossa Nova this morning. Making me feel like I'm back in Rio
Bacon is so good;) RT : you used to have the most #AMAZING bacon at your Sunday buffet brunch. I miss that
The train offers up And I receive Two swollen butt cheeks Upon my right sleeve
I just thought of the worst DJ name: DJ remarried.
#ForcesOfNature Gears community is a force of nature trending worldwide
I've just been promoted to Level 6 in #MobsterWorld. Beat me in the game!
This girl in my class has Dunkin Donuts, where did that bitch get that
Sweet tea, pecan pie, and homemade wine where the peaches grow
RT : Smallholder farmers will be "indispensable" in efforts to double food production by 2050, says Roger Thurow....
u know it. Only houses I know I can walk into anytime day or night and def find CNN on tv is ur house and my nana's LOL
Are you madd?? <U+E415>
#1DVDforme cause I need to see all my boyfriends
I saw a bunch at Nordstrom that were fantastic! Love Maggie London.
you got gas $$ lol
Yeah and James's and Logan's dads were there too. but I know some moms will have a thing or two to say about this ;~;
#wcphilly How to write your posts. No. 1: Be objective. Provide value to your audience.
I'm for the Clips and against the Spurs but have to appreciate the Spurs fans not all wearing the same freakin' t-shirt.
i swear ive heard the word shunned about 4389 times today
Having worked in a book store, they are only well set up for browsing. Need a specific book? Could be in three places.
#BecauseOfYou I know who to trust and who not to thxs
If things go wrong, don't go with them.
new girl sucks.
My muffin top spilleth over...
Crosbywatch continues. Groan. Can't we talk about something else?
I feel like going to the clubs right now. It's 9am.
I beat it. How were the flaming lips. Spaceland show was good. Local natives are also playing at sunset junction. Check 'em
Basketball practice in a few>>>>
It’s beginning to look a lot like summertime! #Northpoint Custard opens today. Who else is excited?
Banana split for dessert (;
good old Al Not-Too Sharpton
listening to Jamie foxx's intuition album reminds me of Jae
Screw Jim Tressel and OSU, today is about the people who serve our country, both alive and dead.
Hope to see you both again this year!
cool video. 2 things I liked (other then the cool news items) google's use of all their media tools, and he aside on the iPhone4
Damn, #canlis4free has got me looking at every post in the city!
Will mobile commerce destroy traditional shopping habits or is there a place for both? Is it what we want?
People are more comfortable with certain sins than others and ultimately, it results in hypocritical and bigoted finger pointing.
I would never do that and YOU KNOW IT. Seriously, I can't afford to do that.
I missed you!! :D
. These Stamford people are setting an example of active kindness. Good post.
oh yeah they are a confused group of people.
You made me fry lol
Really liking the TWCable TV iPad app. Video is beautiful. Keep up the good work!
Have you seen the new vid?
Doing some market research today, then finishing up the design, and then we get down to coding... Hopefully soon.
Scratch that. Jameson Gold Reserve. It has essentially changed my life.
it's gonna be calledTwitanon-and it's coming to a streetcorner near you;-)
ok thanks!
see you fools tonight!
thanks for the Art! Awesome!
I was just saying what everyone was thinking :)
RT : Job at CUNY Graduate Center as Reference Librarian: The Mina Rees Library (CUNY Graduate Center) seeks an Adjunc......
oh i know, me too. Hahaha ugh. Hot. Guy.
sounds awesome! When do we simple folk get to see it? :)
Happy birthday, ! Mama Lombardo making a favorite bday meal later or what?! :D
I feel like if I were never too text you first we would never talk. :/
Carbon in south side is the shit!! Burrito bowl yum!!
It's insane. I went this morning for the 12:05 (pre bought tix), and got there at 11:30, and our group of 4 had to split up.
Great staff community spirit! “: let's see what in store for annual agency retreat thanks to !”
My tweets are getting too thought-out; I think I need a binge of unfiltered thoughts.
#GURT 2011 panel Fri am: Epic fail: Errors, Mis-takes and meaning-making in human-computer interaction
Hey come check out my friends group on Facebook called the Hog Slop only Razorback fans can join!! Message me on here if interested!! WPS
Thanks for all of the suggestions re: linux. I'm going to try DSL and puppy linux. If neither works, I'll try a few more.
Hiltermann: 50% of bargain economy from saudi offshore field, and more % from crude from Saudi to refine in Bahrain
awesome thanks
RT : If you've been putting off writing, I challenge you to write 3 pages of anything today.it doesn't have to be a masterpiece.
I cannot believe I am actually getting to bed pretty early tonight.
I don't like them either but I'll go to support anyway. Besides, just another excuse to grill and have beers.
your mom
yes, unforgivable to give this much confidence to a team with far more $$ to spend when you could have crushed their pysche
hah! good. thought about sending a joke-y retraction but am now glad i didn't draw more attention to it
Friends make everything better :)
Why does look this good? Finally Dwayne DeRosario plays at attacking midfielder. They should never move him again from there.
nothing chillin thinkin bout earth cake and workability oh and some
do what??
You are right on!
I think the tennis teams just got 2 new players
Save the Date 5/30!: Join us for a free lunchtime webinar on children's health: Practical Solutions to Cover Florida's Kids...
Dang everyone hates on Lebron
now getting 'bad key' notice cannot join channel
When you smile, I melt inside. I'm not worthy for a minute of your time.
Nice colors!
#bored. :) our hair defines us!
What's up Rip Hamilton? Hope you can help us beat teams. That's what we do in Chicago.
SI Folklife focuses on understanding contemporary grassroots world culture; thanks to Smithsonian ethnomusicologist Atesh Sonneborn for time
#stopkony? The only difference being made is informing the blind people of society of things that have been going on since forever.
OMEGA PRODUCTIONS LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT UNIQUE BALLROOM!!! GONNA BE A FUN QUINCE TONIGHT!
Just spent a completely useless but totally fun 20 minutes mentally spending my Mega Millions winnings...
I'm up early too. Thankfully, I have nowhere to go. :)
I think he said he was going to the galleria
you've got
i'm craftier than a glue-gunned construction paper googly eyed dry macaroni glitter pipe cleaner sequin fantasy!
antonio valencia, gonna beat a man or two. antonio valencia, he’s from ecuador, it’s true. watch him running down the wing...
2 Mo Days Till Thanksgiving.. Decent
Need Sponsors for Indy celebrity black tie event bring inspirtion hope financial support families affected cancer
just 4 more pages c'mon
Officially mad at :'( You made me cry. I was so embarrased... how could you do that to me!!!!
I Love spongebob !!!!
Just when I thought Nana couldn't get any cooler, I find out she watches New Girl and Game of Thrones. What a woman.
I am a fan of LOST, so I'm quite ok with unbelievable realness lol
Wats the theme tomorrow night ultra lounge
Phew. Livestream over. Awesome work, team:
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear: Child services.
I am so 100% gay for beef male! SUPER!
#Imagine Austin pulls you close from behind and kisses your neck before whispering "I love you baby."
#long but one of the best ones #ihadagreattime at the #betawards did yhu...?
In the Myriad Gardens an the Water Stage. Cool place. I owe you an email!
Maybe if I didn't write so much elaborate #BS then I wouldn't have to cut out so many words.
George William Curtis~ It is not observed in history that families improve with time.
Last day of work before taking a few days off for Christmas... brought treats made by to share with the newsroom!
tweet me more of your answers #KissKillFuck Chris Brown, Terrence J, and Lil Twist
My name is not Susan…
That's my movie! Lol
Tune in now to for We're featured in a great ep. about light & healthy meals!
Bored at work like normal... Check out www.throwthefight.com let me know what you think! Entertain me please!!!
Join me in my commitment of less quotes and more original thinking. is brilliant at this.
He's so concentrated doing his work lol
Is making me angry...
which is?
tweet me anything !(:
I was wondering if they even had it - website was not very descriptive on the matter... Verdict?
I'm sorry to hear that Tom. Yes, hang in there you guys. I've had some medical issues myself but doing better. :)
well then... Lol.go to bed
Great Halloween campagin by Chipolte to help raise $1 million for Jamie Oliver's Food Revolution.
Just saw the illest '68 dodge charger in Silverlake
Hi Sara, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
I swear people can't be peaceful with each other for a while.
Wake up sweet pussy I'm on way home (text to da queen)
The Reds win and I
thanks boo
If people keep bringing up old stuff, just tell them to "kiss your past!!
Thank you to Tapestry's submitters this year! Please try again next year if you are not published this year. Submit early and often!
Twitter team strategy: need guidelines, a plan, schedules for monitoring, content strategy and coverage assignments
Knee deep! RT: We know it's raining in San Diego... but we're still gonna play. Bring your slickers.”
NBA GMs take note of Thomas Robinson's emotion - clearly has heart and cares. Big fan of his game and effort tonight.
Do you use Twitter as a job hunting tool? Have you found success? I want your feedback....send it my way.
Hello everyone, go follow this wondeful and amazing directioner! promise you won't regret it haha
That's how we all feel.
Getting ready to get on Amtrak to go back to L.A. I will be absent for a while..my cell phone sucks:)
Wow Thanks for helping spread the word!
hey any chance Abele is available for an interview about War Memorial restoration before 9am?
Some people need to realize what they have in front of them, before they lose it all.
Go for it! Do you have an account on beRecruited.com? Registration is free! Let us know if you have questions
Canyon Road and Mother's Day. That could be very nice.
Blah . Just the same shit .
Thanks for the follow! Saw you at the Hub meeting and sorry we didn't get to catch up.
Two men out and three men on. Nowhere to look but inside, where we all respond to PRESSURE!
That's adorable. Glad you two are having a great day!
RT : Union Square SF yesterday. Union Square NYC today. Will be on at 1:55! // Rock on, JHF!
hey, some of your old high school buddies are state employees and union members ;) but I'll still buy you a beer.
but wont sell directly to law firms. Erm...
We got The Megatome & we are the smartest.
Don't worry I won't. :) I'm not surprised the bounties existed, but the league's response to them has been consistent.
Thanks for connecting Ciara.
cool.. see u then!
Must've been Mack's stepson who did the touching (again). Cal ball.
Giants and NYC are pusses, Philly would party. NYC barely cares. Let's go
One thing I've noticed - When you look directly at you, you never get to the "end." There is no end to you. Take a look.
One day I will go out with cody simpson
if you truly read each tweet, why are you ignoring me? Insulted! But I love you anyway!
if you are on PS3,go to your game management,delete the NBA2K12 file,put game back in,wait for update,and you are golden...
Had a blast DJ'n at Lakewood High School this morning for the American Heart Association's Jump Rope for Heart! Great bunch of kids!
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
Yes it took me back!
true. do u think parents who want the best educ 4 their kids have reason 2 want 2 go 2 chartrs? & there r parallel Qs in hc
Welcome and thank you for liking this page! Check back for updates on the website!
Soccer games and graduations prevent you from getting your oil changed this weekend? No worries - we'll come to you and take care of it!
Man, the cops are put thick tonight!
20.I love chips!
How do ppl Forget to turn on they headlights at Night????.
1 thing 4sure this Trayvon kid incident just possibly may have saved tons of lives.
this knee i busted last night <<<
Always hard to decide....work or go lay by the pool?
One half down, one to go!
Nice shot
“: When Gemini is sleepy, they'd have an 'attitude'” this could not be more true.
In this week of thankfulness, we would love to know, what are you #thankful for?
Lmao RT Nigga suck it up ..u missed a bunny anyways lmao !RT : My toe stills hurt from ball last night
come bring me that elote from your pants.
Probably 5,000 degrees in my house right now. <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Going nowhere fast we've reached a climax -Usher
some serious lightning is going on outside. really think someone is messing with a light switch or something.
This past 2 days have been somen else. (: haha.
RT : : Great ... someone in Atlanta is holding our dog ransom! Poor Shawty... He has been kidnapped! No lie
I love painting my nails :) #it'ssofun ! :)
All in a days work :)
aww you're the sweetest! Xxoxox
I've done the Forum. Interesting stuff.
#Askaquestion through chat on our homepage if you're having any problems or need help. We're online from 8-11 am and 6-9 pm.
theyre all on there re done LOL
sure u do, easy access ;)
#MentionYourCrush well my crush doesn't have a twitter so<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
why not?
Why have phone insurance if I have to pay $100 if my phone breaks?
I've stopped trying to respond to people who are just inattentive and too arrogant to think they might have missed something.
he be saying, "sorry I didn't know" I mean my name is printed on there. Mad af lol
are you there today?
First thoughts on 2 and a 1/2 men. Time to clear TiVo.
I wish #oomf would get the fuck on
I beat my sister on 2 k12
do you mean in the oregonian article? just saw that. we should sick the fat positive community on him! ;)
Can't wait for my brothers to grow up and drive.. All I want to do is take a nap, but no.. I'm their damn taxi.
"the voice in my head for a long time was like simba+Luke skywalker+zac Hanson." "so you were a trifecta lesbian lion from outer space..."
I've been there. Not a good look RT : Not the best idea to eat about 30 dumplings at 3 in the morning.
nope didn't make it, heard it was fun though
Wait do u mean like or LIKE?!?!?!?!
I'll be there in soon. I would have recommended some great breakfast spots had I known you were going.
Man!!! Breaking dawn was interesting and funny :) Can't wait for part 2 to come out!!!!
Love it!
I don't understand why we want what we can't have. Why we can't be content with what we have now?
awe we lov u 2!! Miss ya superstar- GO CATs
Listen TODAY at 12:30pm for 's LIVE acoustic set in our studios! Listen at simmons.edu/radio or stop by L311!
I think I found my car <U+2764>
What did the five fingers to the face ?<U+E012><U+E41E><U+E334>
OMG. I had no idea she was from Boston. I am sorry. RIP. I can't believe she is gone. RIP
"There's a reason they don't say that sissy shit puts hair on your chest. If you're not a man, your a woman." - The Late Grandpa Hamilton
Not really feelin #MW3 tonight. What the fuck is wrong with me? #
So today is like National Peanut Butter & Jelly day and I have been looking for sexy vids to post about it for aprox 2 hours now lol
glad orioles let him go for a guy with no hits this year. Ugh we could use him
Another mouse carcass in my office. Shit.
Yay I didn't know you had twitter, I just made mine!
Loved seeing the images of your youth and your parents. I now know why everyone loves you. Great life, great job, great girl.
Is potatoe salad too sedate to bring to a bbq w/foodies? I do make an awesome potatoe salad....
Why couldn't teaching collaboration time and planning time be one in the same?
Oh well...not much we can do about it I guess! :P Have a great night anyways!
I need to sleep.
Will do on all counts! Thanks.
Finally stretched my ears to an 8g. I'm happy, I'll stop when I hit about 2g or 0g even. We'll see in time. (;
does watching game of thrones and then working late count as crazy?
This great evil.. Where does it come from?
Thanks a lot! Tama was really cool to work with. Hopefully we'll get to do it again someday.
RT ": I understand. Youll be just perfect. I hope you're releived instead of beating yourself up. Geeze I want to hug you so much."
oh, Guinness. duh.
aha yea ok my son!!
we hope you can come too!! we have tickets right here www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
Likewise; should be fun!
It's the smaller things I see people do that gives me hope for this world!
I did everything I can do..
Doing anything fun tonight? We are looking forward to dinner at 5 courses of deliciousness!
xtina looks like a blond snooki
I do think introversion makes it harder. The compatibility numbers game works less in our favor.
Just wrote to State Dept. asking for help. I hope you're okay.
GO OSPREYS!!
Guise please watch this, tell me what you think, and tweet the link to anyone famous!
#10ThingsIWantToHappen -->> Me taking 's V card >>>> <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Thanks for the retweet Mark. Keep up your great work....
In our fast-paced, globally connected world, kids need and deserve more time to learn. is working to make that a reality.
not being Tom...but I hope you lose!
hells yeah...by eye too! say what!..need a dream wedding dress!..;)
I am a poor texter. Just told my honey, "I miss the shot out of you". It pretty much gets worse from there, in general.
is #yummy . Who agree RT [follow me first and i'll follow u back] :DD
Thsi week, , reading Sandra Dallas' True Sisters, followed by Anna Quindlen's Lots of Candles, Plenty of Cake.
proud a dem parrots.
Today is Valentine's Day. Or, as men like to call it, Extortion day.~ Jay Leno
Happy Monday! It sure is a windy one.
the real thing is so much sexier than the meaningless thing. #whoknew?
begins day 2 where yesterday left off-with O-in order to give us a longer trajectory.
#ThingsIDislike us not being together..:/
I saw something like that a few weeked ago, may have been that one... Give it a try :)
“: 10 million white guys are crying right now. Celtics loose! #lakers” improper use of the lame ass race card...
SeeThruEquity, LLC now distributing equity research reports on Zacks
what two of u
"What has two thumbs and is gonna marry the Bachelorette? THIS GUY!" - d-bag on the Bachelorette
Per SO on scanner, rolled-over semi wb 119 at Jay Rd. No injuries.
it's a pretty wrathful robe.
Cleaning and organizing the choral library with Bret. It's so dusty & dirty down here!
Our foul ranking must have gone up that Saturday night we played the Magic. Pretty sure they fouled Bogut about 20 times that night
Have they said what happens next on the voice? Is the whole "judge gets 100 percent to split between two contestants angle" coming back?
I really stirred that one up lol. All I'm saying is I call it praying. It should be about god, not marketing or drawing personal attention.
My wife hangs my shirts in closet. I tell her they get scared if they face back of closet. She says I'm crazy I don't know why.
Thanks for the follow!
Stefano is off #idol but has a promising career as a chippendales star!
i was thinking i'd take the kids downtown...give Dave awhile to work childfree before all the gang show up. you like curry chips?
I'm beginning to think that #mountunion and #uw-whitewater are the only two teams that play division 3 football
How am I just not realizing the Haring influence in Adventure Time!?
I am so sorry to hear about your Dog . What breed is it ? and how old ?
Can Liver Cleanse Melt Away Pounds? How to Stop Food Cravings - 7 Tips Healthy Snacking: Which Nuts are Best?
my liver would <3 that!!
In Philly, waiting for my flight back to DC. Looking forward to getting home after a great week in California.
". . .In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world" -John 16:33
What if you believed this to be true? Every aspect of your life is working to bring you closer to knowing your true nature more completely.
Cartmenez file personally reviewed by Deasy! No X allegations, just reprimand for teaching about white people cheating strategies. Yes!
Just watched the last season finales of my fav. shows!!! ;( sniff, sniff ;)until we meet again!
Im back people.
#KeMVP was robbed. Further proof that the BBWAA only cares about postseason teams. WE ALL KNOW WHO REALLY WON.
Don't forget Green Monkey Members can bring their moms (or Monkey Moms bring your kids) for a free class tomorrow!
Giving a great introduction to her charter school legislation. Discussing expansion provisions for location and sponsors.
I'm not sayin, I'm just sayin
hah wow i haven't heard that one but that's stupidd
Thx - I definitely didn't learn it in law school. Excellent explanation in way less than 140 chararacters :-)
“Girls spit in my face — people were so mean to me, I’d cry every day.” — Zooey Deschanel
Don't become a wandering generality. Be a meaningful specific. - Zig Ziglar
I love you!
YEAH IMAGINE THE SALES AT THE #CANUCKS STORE! I CAN GET A NEW JERSEY :D
the son's gonna rise in a mile...
Gone was intense but I liked it a lot.
Please.. Who wants to be in my video? Need 5+ Mahomies!
That awesome feeling when youve been power walking/normal walking for 3 hours straight and you get to relax! :)
My #Grizzlies let's go
Everybody's FREAKING OUT!
I really want one of those sexy #LGTruesteam dishwashers!
It's been a very long time! That's great. Are you enjoying it there?
that's a shame.
when my family watches a movie&eats lunch without me<<< ...like LOVE YOU TOO
Vegas in may =))
its me but with a haircut
I was asked what diversity is during diversity training and I really wanted to say and old wooden ship
it's so you can still use your iPhone! Otherwise you have to take the entire glove off..
I may need close-up pics to render an informed opinion.
Hey - I like the new logo!!
yo we say fuck it now raiders can beat on peyton 2 times a year
G'morning Tweeps. So, who's making breakfast <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B3>?
Just want to say happy mothers day to the best mom in the world! I love you mommy! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Twitter isn't letting me follow anymore people! Why is it doing this to me????!!!!!
How long is acceptable before trading in your brand new car?
No worries. Stood against the wall. Awesome class :)
gay best friend whose not gay <3
Let's do it.
because of i might just get a longboard.
this is just the beginning Austin. There's much more to come. I'm so proud of you.<3
Farmers Insurance Open Golf Tourney in San Diego starts tommorrow... Anybody going????
The neighbors hate me for sure
We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Buffalo!
YES! And yeah, I feel you on that. Plus SF is just a cooler city. :)
Every little bit helps!
Had a great time with family today. Loved seeing my parents who are here for my sisters wedding next Friday. Busy week ahead.
Lost 5 pounds over the holidays. Pretty much due to a mostly vegan diet.
I think tonight is attempt no. 5 or 6 for the Sox to hit that .500 mark...would be nice to do it against the yanks
Haven't seen any shirts yet at #ragnarsocal so I'll be sporting the Blue Ink shirt for my final 14.9 mile leg in La Jolla.
Don't even tweet about her. She's not worth the time of day #loveyou <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
You're so pretty!
Its Friday, Friday gotta watch Austream on Friday... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> RT if you read this(;
Turkey,rice and veggies for lunch!
I couldn't make it, I'll have to watch the rest of the game tomorrow. It's time for me to go to bed
Just look at how good Henley was at pitching to the score.
looking to get off the ground acting, any words
Hopefully my Uncle's operation goes well :P
If OBAMA-Minions go for idiot stories like Romney's High-School pranks, we could talk about the time OBAMA was still a Kenyan.
I'm going to be so freakin mad if we lose this game.
That I will!
The USA has more people in prison per capita than almost every other country. More than half of those people are there due to drug charges.
If you hate kickers...this is your day...
Happy Friday every1. To celebrate there's a new episode tonight. "Evil Times Two" at 8/7c; plus, I'll be answering qs threw the day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> Xoxo!
RT : Have you heard the big news? Milwaukee is going to build a new stadium and it's even going to have a roof!
RT : drums << we're all guitarists and one didgeridoo player!
Good morning tweepz! Be thankful for today because u didn't have to make it this far. :) be blessed!
is that your natural hair ? it looks so cute ! you should totally keep it that way sometimes :)
waiting on the new video from the music box series to finish processing. stay tuned..
we would shout at the drop of a hat! now they definition of shoutin is them doin the "duggy"....God ain't in that!!!!
“: well it's a great website!” Thanks
haha just having a revised surgery lol
Thanks, Wim. Appreciate the mention!
What did the really ugly man do for a living? He posed for Halloween masks.
Something wonderful will happen today
:) so would love too! Tell me more!
Sit that booty pad down
In Johannesburg working on a taxonomy project for UNDP collaboration system.
Beltran just had the most graceful strike out ever.
ha zechs marquise RT me the other day from ATDI live tweet- i just now saw it! #rockstar 9 Apr: Zechs marquise is kinda killin it.
A dozen new disaster response volunteers completed shelter operations training with me Monday night. Great to have fresh talent!
the dolphins were soulful. Special creatures.
you guys gave my best friend bugs in her pistachios :(
Indeed! Somehow I missed "dickweet" in my high school German grammar! My day is complete, for I have learned a new thing!
haha I was thinking the same about macgrubber so far!
Jzell Music Baby!!!!!
RT : It's blazing hot out. WTF does one drink on an afternoon like this? Don't say water either. - Tea... Piping hot!
Anyone going to the AFI Silver Docs next week?
So, I guess we can all assume Jackson will now be traded? tick,tock,tick,tock
Santorum's wife isn't there because he doesn't let her leave the house.
pizza and bandmates :)
Thanks! I'm here! Happy Birthday!
I kind of wish Dwight Howard went to the Lakers, would make this series a lot easier on Wizards fans.
Its a norts and chaco kind of day.
Works for me! :)
You might not fix things well, but it looks like you do some beautiful restorations.
u probably dont but u look amazin,hot,sexy i could go on but u probably dont want to hear it
new car!
wut. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? I TOLD ME CAT TO BUY THE WOOL.
Yes!! RT : Don't forget senior crowns tmrw!
How are you doing? & I are getting settled in, up in Spring Hill Let me know if you're ever up this way.
When u look at me can u tell im different?
Happy Mother's Day
He should have opened his eyes. She was crazy for him. But he didn't, now she's gone and there's nothing he can do.
FOLLOW > IF HE GETS TO 100k HE'LL DO Q LIVE CHAT
-that's too bad, they should value 'audition process' more. Hopefully a learning experience for them & def one for you.
I don't want them to recover ... I don't trust Angelo even a little bit!
Did Darlene wink?
BUT MY BABIES ARE OPEN ENDED
I often go #nopants on our second floor - but never on first floor - hey, passersby shouldn't be looking up there anyway, right?
im looking forward to the memories of.right
yes there are mirrors in the boys bathroom.
How did Rondo get that pass to Avery so quick?!
Is it too late for Denver to trade Knowshon?
A city bus driver just pulled over and stopped when he saw me running for the stop. Nice day.
#GunHillRoad is amazing! You've never seen Esai Morales & Judy Reyes like this before. Harmony Santana is splendid!
Cant put down book....end too near...
I don't want to ask anyone to get me a wristband... 1. The fear of being cursed out 2. I'd feel like I'm a burden to them 3...
What the heck is this
My Patriots boyfriend looks like a zombie... he's so mad Hahahahaha!
I will miss you
Crazy girl.
Yes!! Shonda is gonna be the death of me.
You guys meeting up for dinner anywhere after the tour?
2nd paragraph in "Art teachers hate glitter" says it all!!!
I wish I could go to
So glad!! RT : The Love-of-my-life, and I, had an incredible dinner last night at #Gingham. Highly recommend the #KobiBeef ribs
Yea, we actually have a handful of presale tickets for $12. They might be charging more at the door so you can get them from us!
"Feed your faith, and your fears will starve to death."
... just implying that atheistic position is an intellectually narcissistic emotional bias. :)
hey stud muffin
it's unseemly, how often you come to me fishing for answers about the sports...
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
lol i ha ve a piece of paper he wrote down for me that says the 18th hes dumb.
Great set by you I should say.
we're serious. It can be a huge problem!
I don't know everything for the record.
Today: mothers day, graduation, two weeks until Ireland and other various points of emotional situations = Sarah has a mental break down.
:::Adjusting red cape::: thank you, thank you RT : Happy Mothers day to all. Act accordingly
#TILTS2011 Or y Pr: empire thoroughly de-centered in Mass Empire. Collaboration among species (no "people" or 'culture") always selfish
wait, what's a pay phone?
I will be rockin wit yo boy at tonight!!
Can you do anything about the glee 2012 tour so that there is one?!?!? please try i really want to go!! Thanks so much
Praying for you and your grandma love! God is great! Stay strong. <3
you do have a phat ass. Very
Well everyone knew that on draft day, right? Havent listened to pcast, but confused how you could call "early returns" disappointing
#InMiddleSchool myspace was cool \m/
Tried to text and vote for Jamar and realized I didn't have Sprint. Dang it!
Costs can oftentimes be recouped in 6 months or a year, making a 20yr patent overkill, according to
Was it akin to "The Great ???" Wish I was more helpful; also I think Dave Smith is another bandmate, not Casioman after all. Sorry.
Pancakes and vino for 's 21st!
Great win tonight against a very good Campbell University team. Congratulations to Head Coach Ron Cottrell on WIN #400 at HBU.
Lmao : what happens when black people get on wife swap !!
“: #salute #love The One & only #PeoplesRapper let's get em!” I already know you will
haha yeauuuhh! tomorrow im gonna make macaroons wif my friend kathy! XD lawl seriously red car? or blue? mackenzie..
Is there a #Noodles&Co near you?! : I am craving good mac&cheese
Anyone know about those multiple choice questions for physics? Do we have to do anything other than the first page?
In outline, my day tends to go like this: AM's of review and research, then lunch, then an hour of screwing up, followed by productivity.
Just signed up for Wish would hurry up and sign up so I can start the smack talk....
Fish sticks and custard? (And will anyone be geeky enough to admit they get that reference?)
thank you (x
Its the #Monday before #Christmas..... What???
Tell us, what is your favorite holiday movie ?!
I hope this is in reference to 9021bro
Today just didnt feel the same....somethings missing
Superstitions are self fulfilling prophecies.
Epic #quote:"If I don't eavesdrop, I've got nothing to tweet about".
Check out The Ink Spot 1718 E. Valley Parkway Escondido CA 92027 $5 body piercing and FREE Charger Bolt Tattoos from noon-?
You're welcome! Keep up the good work!
Free bike lights! Even if not a legislative non-starter, I fear the unlighted night riders would tell state to go screw.
She has her Nick Jr and I have my ID.
Already over?!?!?!?!! Theres still 7 hours left and at least 2 full hours of daylight
I know! I feel bad about missing my brothers game and my cousins graduation. Lol what are y'all doing in the other room?
you do not have many allies in that POV, which makes me respect it all the more...even though it is insane.
#elevateyouth beyond excited!!!
Thanks for the sassy new birthday tshirt- PROFESH SUCCESS
Because of 1D I got my brother that new Pokemon thing for his birthday. Marry me??
Light jacket weather.
BOY FIGHTS 2012: THE CRIPS/BLOODS YEAR
bad sports night, no doubt!!!
I guess I ran out of time to be a Gowalla user. Let that be a lesson to SEIZE THE DAY.
And she go's"lol you would NEVER; but thats my song though"......lmao damnn i mad she just shot ALL my lil Singing confidence down though :/
ok clean it up...naw I know...
home were did you go
No time to film your #OutrageousBiz 90-sec pitch before tonight's deadline? We'll film it for you in Warren Hall tomorrow, 5-6pm.
It is important to have an SEO mindset for all operational and marketing activities in business.
#MahoneToLondon for all you UK Mahomies I'm voting!(:
Thanks! Great quote--do you know where/which book or source? I adore "Darkness and Scattered Light."
what do you think it is?!
Congratulations on your wedding day! Hope you and your wife have a fun night at the #Sheraton tonight!
Waiting for a Lean Cuisine to cool down before eating it is the most anti-climactic form of anticipation ever.
Last night of Wing Night is TONIGHT from 4-10pm so make sure you take advantage of all those 25c wings!
thank you very much for the mention! Follow
If it makes you feel better, you're not alone hahahah. #ghostonfire :p
By definition, there are already enough people to do that
Good morning(/
Ohh and now I have a craving for McDonald's poutine Ha! RT : A3. The poutine! Cheese, fries & gravy. A must for any visitor
Apostle Paul said that the love of God is so great that it can never be fully understood. That's woe!!
Tia Harrison! will also be a presenter at Chefs Confluence.Co-founder of the Butcher's Guild, co-owner of Avedano's & Sociale in SF.
I love Nick Faldo keeping it light talking about Phil and Tiger trending on Twitter! Jim Nance who only gets excited when Tiger wins #PGA :(
the link Raj sent you was the exact place I was going to direct you.
D: oh no!! you love food, but food does not love you back! </3 #forbiddenlove can I take it's place in your heart?
4 dozen down.... 8 to go. Still need to coat the Sexual Chocolate and the Lemon Amaretto Cheesecake.
Going through all the notes/handouts from #acte11. I may manage a blog post later about the conference.
aka "Polenta" amazing how one thing can have so many names! And dinner sounds good! :)
Thanks. Have a fab day.
nice bass bro.
I don't like being around prudish people...loosen up and live a little...Geesh!
France, eh? well I need your help to spread the word so I can come tour over there! :)
learn to cook series is in session. talking mac n chz right now.
Ohh the things I'd do to the idiots who call Louis 'Lewis' and say that Niall doesn't belong in 1D #IfIHadAGun yeah, that'd be a great day.
From what I've heard, MTN and GLO are messed up now.. Think I'm switching to Zain (or whatever its called) when I get back
RIP Abbey Lincoln
Seriously you are the bomb and hottest girl alive!!!
Need followers
we sure do((:
RT : Plenty of people sit around listening to dubstep in their living rooms - Julia, Black City Lights
Victory is in your DNA. Almighty God has infused strength, talent, value and confidence into you!
Watch Public Exposure's interview tomorrow with , CEO of discussing Social Media at 8 PM on channel 77/23.
great guitar solo #frusciante “: Jam du jour: "I Could Have Lied" by the Chili Peppers. Congrats to them for making
#vra2012 Rebecca Cleman - if you can't view, comment and re-use works, they essentially die.
thanks! I really appreciate all your advice, emotional support, and supply of cute pics! I couldn't have survived without you!
It's your lack of reading comprehension and deflection that leads me to believe you're stupid. I have no problem with disagreement
Being home sick not the best thing ever<U+E058><U+E421>
I think such an overcast/cloudy day calls 4 peanut butter fudge.
Draw something ya_Digggggg
that's far more attractive than I'd like to admit.
So ready for bed and it's not even 9. Try not to be too jealous of my awesomeness.
the zit on my forehead gave me the idea to start this account.
hey back at ya. Gonna ba back in NYC next month so hopefully we can grab a bite :)
Mommy just got home :).
362 St. Nicholas - Parksideflats.com - Just had a price improvement! Check it out. 1 & 2 beds from $399k - $499k. Move in this Spring.
Everyone always tell me I can' hide my thoughts cus my face tells it all. Damn! Idk if that's good or bad.
Megan, I want to fuck you is my friend. Would you like a threesome? P.S. I LOVE YOU<U+2665>! x
Diamond Footwear is in !
Not the nostril. But definitely all hail the apostle.
looks beyond beautiful on her default pic.
what time do you have to e home tonight? 9:00?
I know right? I think Beliebers would flip out though. Scooter would be rich though. 1D, Cody Simpson, TW and Justin.
Happy Holidays blue hens! Enjoy your holiday break!
I may have jumped the gun last night, I'm having second thoughts about the Weeden pick. Just didn't like where they drafted him at
What's with the double-posting ?
Eventually you learn that you can't do everything, but that is okay. You learn to be picky about what you spend time on.
heyy prsn, u kno that we can hack each other's twitter now cuz of when we switched ipods
That would have worked as well. Ever heard of "Juno" or "Engine Down" those both are mathy alternatives as well.
THAT WAS ME LOL YOU DIDNT ANSWER “: I feel like i can never walk by east hill without hearing my name be yelled out the window”
Why Destiny Warren Keep Staring At Me ??? She Scaring Me
thank you! I'm gonna study history that exams tomorrow.
Meeting with a potential director for my short film "Tactics".
RT : Oh, so you're naturally beautiful? Mind if I test that out with a wet wipe?
It is pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness; poverty and wealth have both failed. - Kin Hubbard
Very true!
braced myself for the goodbye cos that's all I've ever known, then you took me by surprise and said i'll never leave you alone <3
Just like that, it appears to be over. Wind has died down. No hail. Just some light rain.
Big news for anyone who has ever been deeply annoyed by my voicemail greeting. It's changed. I hate the new one but that's me
Getting 2 teeths taken out today, no bueno. D;
Vegas never changes!
Good god, this is awful already.
Welcome to the #CXP Team! We're excited to have you onboard!
try drinking a Lot of water that should be able to stop your Hiccups :)
Your are a very good dancer you really do inspire me and one day I would like to meet you. I dance to I'm just not as good as you
Extraordinarily useful and fun. Thanks, Jeremy!
Well, Gates hadn't even thought about it until Buffett got on his case. Then he said "I guess you have a point."
hell yes!! stub hub looks reasonable too
the new song is awesome. Keep it up dude.
BUT THIS IS SOO MUCH MORE FUNN.
I remember the #washingtonbullets warmup song used to be "pick up the pieces" by Average White Band
New TechCrunch logo:
Lets go
Happy that the program on Al Jazeera in Doha, Qatar that we developed with is a finalist in the innovation awards :)
Confidence is the Bridge between where you are and Where you are going.
my parents.....
DID YOU KNOW? Les Mis is the 3rd longest-running Broadway production of all time, seen by nearly 60 million ppl, 42 countries & 21 languages
just made some chicken noodle soup that will outdo ur nuggets, lol! Better get a bowl fo it get cold!
My brother is wrestling for 1st in a tournament! :)))
Driving through ashville, nc with the ramps is pure insanity! It's like bumper cars out here, this is stupid.
That which holds the attention determines the action
Support the work of Joseph Loewen by attending Acoustic Nights in the Pearl March 31st 7:30 at Cloud Seven Cafe
The first video from last nights meetup is processing now, should be up in about an hour! /cc
yea Ik I think math is the easiest but yours is probably hard!!!!!!!
I'll be putting in my vacation notice at work tomorrow. XD
Welcome to the show now grab hooked on phonics and lets move forward with out you
don't worry, you're not the only one
Huge thanks to for sponsoring the signage for #MKEShindig at #sxsw! Keep your eye out *wink, wink* for their stuff!
Eating crab in Maryland ... Thank you cancun cantina
all i see is flashing lights out my window haha getting outta hand now.
leviathan parasite just devoured 2.5 trillion more of it's heroin-cash...
Well..Goodnight & Sweets Dreams Everyone :)
post office uptown does photos along with processing passport application. At least they use to. Go early line can be long
Plz follow me back If u follow
Eddie Murphey shit Yeah we Trade Places Rehearse lines to them and then we fuck faces
thanks! *hug*
Enforce Contract Laws, Enforce Bankruptcy Laws! for
What's funny about your comment is that when asked hotel guests what is most important to them, #1 answer was free wifi.
OK, a far-right twitter-er just followed me. But I won't count it twit-spam. I'm just tired of beautiful female twits offering me blowjobs.
I will be adding more jewelry later on this week!! :)
The roads are not very happy today so take your time getting around today.
Had a fun night playing basketball and nerf wars with the niece and nephew
Time to watch the #Preds!!! Come on boys we need a home win!!
We made a new music video that should be coming out soon, and writing new sketch stuff
RT : Thank goodness I have #mhpshow recording at home. These tweets are wild.
Yes, after I film one...
yes, yay... I'm more bear like. Cousin Sven would appreciate that.
off to work I go..then out with anthony jeanne and mike :-)
Thinking of doing an unforgettaball for Comerica Park and the Detroit Tigers, any input? Do fans like this stadium?
Beautiful day at the ballpark. Great opening day tailgate.
When talking about the royal wedding, one of my students asked me if everyone turns into a princess when they get married.
are you going to the mass?
Tell your friends about us!! <3
I'm proud of you. I expected you to make a josh groban joke.
"And yes her ass clappin' so that's a round of applause <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>" -J.Cole Hahahaha
I miss when Moccasins were cool. You know, when the natives wore them?
Major cf on #MARC tonight. Breakdown at Halethorp held up next train. Incompetent muddle offloading passengers.
Already getting excited for the theatre tonight. Two nights in a row! Who am I???
They support the development of a public fund that will generate $113 M over 10 years for arts education & arts in
Please tell the facts. The GOP is the only political party trying to suppress voters
Our ancestors call out for color.
anytime girl<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Switzerland is getting #PROMETHEUS on May 30, two weeks before it hits the U.S. It's the birthplace and home of H.R. Giger. So, why not?
d'aaw so are you!
if you haven't voted on WIN yet today, get on it! #homecomingcourt ,
Jesus died for his own sins, not mine.
Proverbs 27:6Proverbs 27:6 Faithful [are] the wounds of a friend; but the kisses of an enemy [are] deceitful...
Well, done studying!just wish it was over with already!
haha!!! She's going to need a vacation after her vacation to Erin.
"Save our Schools" chant happening at APS board meeting. Public comment supposed to start at 6, hasn't started yet.
Thank you Seattle for a great day. You are wonderful customers and friends. Have a great evening! See you tomorrow!
"Men are like pearls they look good with my curls , i string em to get the best necklace in the world" MIA
inbox clean, research started bring on the end of this semester!
I have a hard time looking at the pictures of Trayvon and not seeing my son.
This weather is so bipolar
I need a backpack <U+E413> my nooks are just getting too much
Fucking ponderous, man.
#20ThingsAboutMe I refuse to leave my house without makeup ..
You're in luck - ArtGameLab opens this Saturday. If you're in on a weekday, though, drop me a line!
Mann its super hot outside today
See y'all then! I'll be chick dancing foolishly all night long :)
RT:“: You could say that what's happening with the euro and Greece is a prime case of Acropolis Now :)”
Super cute pedicure for Easter! I <U+2665> =)
The birds are singing, flowers are blooming.#Earthawakeningfromwinterslumber. #Lovin'it
srsly it's too early for #goatse Chelsea.
If you like Sketch Comedy follow our page! Our show debuts next month! Follow the page for updates
will be presenting March 13th
bahaha same as your work one!
Gonna keep our undefeated status today.
The press awarded MVP honors to Chuck Howley of the defeated Cowboys in SB V. The NY chapter of PFWA corrected this & voted Curtis SB MVP.
Thanks for the RTs and !
Connecting Truth via "Good things come to those who have patience & take consistent, persistent actions toward what they want."
"Mind your own bidness, rich boy!"
YES! tomorrow?
RT Do you have any case studies of a #nonprofit using #socialmedia that really made a mark?
When it comes to ants on sidewalks, I am the Vishnu. When it comes to fruit flies, I am Shiva.
It's nice to see you on Twitter, !
College football 2011 kicks off today. Should be a great season.
In other words, what in fact constitutes communication?
Fatboy Slim looking forward to gorge on Indian food - Apun Ka Choice
you could always tell him you know his son after your awkward facebook encounter with him (; <3
I JUST DID. CALM YOURSELF :)))))
can you guys tell me your payer ID # on a w-2 form for poker winnings from one of your tournaments? doing last min taxes. ty!
RT : Alright, , let's keep the #Wisconsin wins coming! RT if you're ready to smell the roses!
Soon I will be living in a much bigger city.
I wonder how the #NFLdraft is v going to turnout
what is the brand of the gluten free matzo? i have someone at my seder who will need that!
All I did today was lay down text all day :(
The Blessed Eucharist is the perfect Sacrament of the Lord's Passion, since It contains Christ Himself and his Passion. - St. Thomas Aquinas
No rest for the weary this weekend... *sigh*
I swear Jess is slow! Lmao
Yes. RT : Happy happy birthday !! Miss you!! Xoxox
Time to quit...I did. ": Holly shit $30.00 for 2 packs of cigarettes in Connecticut"
we have are ups & downs :) but I'll always love her <3 thanks bro :)
i just saw a commercial saying supercuts is just like being a dj.. hahahahahahhahaha
Renew...unwind...nourish..let go...HEAL! www.desertskyhealing.com
having a birthday party for my sister
didn't want to tell her that I really wasn't listening haha but that line struck my heart
yh I will but I hit the following limit so I hav to wait a few days??
#FF Fighting #foreclosure in Springfield. Welcome to Twitter!
im followin random ass people i find (:
RT : This day is too precious to waste resenting the things I can't change. #xa - Try that when I get out of this fucking office!
What do I want? You. You and only you. And I know you're reading this. So you better be smiling gorgeous.
My mom just laughed at me for saying that i was going to be on wipe out. Its gonna happen!
This episode of is too good. The case is just freaky weird & the tension between Chase & Park is too funny.
I wish we could just fast forward to OKC vs Miami game 1
#ItsCuteWhen Girls wear their boyfriend's hoodie. <U+E022>
Lighten up, Francis... ;o)
Ben:"I've heard U have been bad to the other girls. Courtney"Bad?wait until I get U in the Fantasy Suite!
Attending BarCamp Nashville? Help us out with digital signage tests: tweet a few with hashtags #bcn09gamerz & #bcn09kungfu - thanks!
RT : The latest issue of the MBA News was sent today. article appears. LEED course coming up.
So Mr.Player do you feel like "the man" now?
didn't mean to butt in. It's a great topic!
I'll keep watching your videos and try to figure it out? It's hard with the fingerstyle even when my fingers bleed, I still try!
I feel your pain :<
thanks for following me!
thank you!! Yes, I should be asleep. I waaayy over-slept on a nap today, so now I can't sleep!
I will cut you
I made it my business 2 always be there 4 u no matter what.. G'Morning Tweepz
I know im excited but yet terrified! XD RT : I'm ready to go see The Devil Inside this weekend.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY ILL GET HIGH IF I WANT TO!! (dont worry people i am not getting high) :)
cum see me
BULLS WIN!!
Happy 6th 'first-tweet-anniversary' to !
Don't mistake kindness for weakness. Just because someone is nice doesn't mean you should take advantage. Have a heart.
I'll cheer for Chalmers since we went High school together!
you mean with me and the "baby whisperer"
RT Only thing worse than lyin TO me is lyin ON me
RIP Pop singer Whitney Houston! We will always love u!
heading over to the General Assembly to learn more about the current state of hosuing in VA.
how do you hate heath slater
She may be somali RT Right, the complexion and forehead RT : RT : Is his girlfriend Ethiopian?
Thanks for the info!! First match at 830 pm est I believe.
Almost home from a lovely day trip to Kistler's...
we cant wait 2 show u what we're about! RT : I can't wait to try you out for our next gathering. Keep up the good work!
Oh, little tree, you are not a Charlie Brown tree & you are so fake, but I rescued you from that box of stuff where nobody cares, Now, I do.
Getting at lot done today -Happy Friday everyone!
this bday is gonna be the best :D
[1Corinthians 15:57] Thanks be to FatherGod, who gives us the victory through our Lord Christ Jesus (Messiah Yeshua.)
Its Sat night..i work till about midnite then i might be in these streets..whas poppin folks?
you're cool. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
- you should sign w our CHARGERS - great weather and u can go to the ROCK!
We could be the kings and queens.
Moving up the date for the Action Item prize pack contest winner to midnight tonight! Get your last minute referrals in!
Downloaded and think it could be great for urban, neighborhood group organizing, e.g. bandit signs.
Lynda I'm so very sorry 2 hear about your aunt's passing. I've been away from Twitter. U & ur family r n my thoughts & prayers
Throwing your phone across the room in anger, then checking to see if it's okay."
Trustory: I once found a copy of Your Sinclair in the cellar of an Abbey next to the unmarked bones of several monks.
lmfaooo yeah come over :p
he knows his industry and has created value - compelling. clean pitch. well done.
Damn nigg* bored and sh*t
Ohh, soudns good! :D I'll be awaiting them in the mail :]
William Rotsler~ You cannot hold back a good laugh any more than you can the tide. Both are forces of nature.
"My man MCA's got a beard like a billy goat"
I heart naps...they are good for the soul. Now, Shhhhh! I'm trying to sleep:)
We had chicken caesar salads without dressing from #Cosi, we're hitting the healthy foods hard to get ready for NYC!
thanks Nate, appreciate it! let me know what you think
Due to very little conditions, surf practice is canceled for today.
TGIF Napa Hour is waiting for you!
My kinda party by Jason aldean is the most complete country album I have heard in a long time. It will be hard for Jason to do better.
wouldn't say I lost childhood but definitely did my share of translating
Oscar Time! is gifting #handmade #pottery earrings to #celebrities #Oscars #GBKOscarsLounge Feb 24-25 via
Nice! Derby's a good time. RT has sponsored a Derby Girl! sMel U l8r of the Steel City Derby Demons! Go MEL!
and then Work out!
RT : 50% of women who schedule their free time regularly are satisfied with their lives.
Transcendental Meditation to create world peace by creating inner peace within the individual.
why am I last mention? They're my hundo's!
that sounds good add strawberrys
Workin to live or livin to work? Job or Career? Passion or Paycheck? Professional or Employee? Kno ur worth n still step it up a few notches
trying out McDonald's healthy choice foods
Series Q in general, rest its soul, has been spectacular re: cover design since about 2003. No Future is pretty great, too.
she only 2 and she try to sing the A.N.T FARM theme song
bru in town and ain't hit ya boi up??..
there are probably people with sanborns owl tattoos
HI ROBBIE! Long time no contact! How is life?! TALK TO ME! And then send me a sloppy joe. I've never had one.
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
I work for the beer company
Fun to see the pic of the parade in Mtn. Brook. I grew up there!
Still working on that part
Getting ready to be the "Tequila Man" at a big Cinco de Mayo party! Gonna be a fun night!
me and determined my voice was sexy as fuck on your podcast. Any thoughts?
Arts And Crafts - Knitting News
I am so dizy , ugh .
And I wouldnt put it past Greyhound to drive recklessly and yet still arrive late
We'd love to interview you on air anytime between 11am-12pm tomorrow
Follow and for tweets about today's Community Summit on violence prevention.
Or the Spurs model. Be a championship contender pretty much every year for over a decade.
I only ever get money to get out of debt.
Touching up a few mashups before I post them :)
ANY TIME ~<U+FFFD>shelley<U+FFFD>~
you know what? tonight im not gonna beg you to tweet me, or follow me, im just going to say. hi. how are YOU? and i love you.
is a fucking dirty slug.
you're on a roll tonight! Lol
were amazing on
I am gonna perform 4 songs and then do my one I wrote for her last
): RT : Want to meet the iconic boyz so bad why can't they just come to chicago :) but no :(
what happens if he gets hurt? wonder if he would the. Sign right away haha
Demo'ing #livefeed, new #socialIT capability that got a good round of applause. Good helpdesk use cases.
Congrats Luke!
Just saw an Amish person in a buggy being pulled by a big brown horse.
good to hear! :)
I need more context. I want to be mad at someone with you but I don't know who!
me and just won an international Competition for cheerleading, can u plz tweet us good job or something?:)<U+2665>
I came to twitter to escape Facebook , now that twitter had become Facebook. I am done.
Need some FUN. in your life?Tune in now to win tix to see 8/16 - 1020 !
I read the first chapter as it was printed in the Believer...
The avengers was so awesome
With only 20 roster spots and $500 a year, I'm playing to win sooner rather than later. QB won't help there
I had some fun with those, too, at that age. I bought an Elfball deck from a guy at school when I was 14.
"Faith without works is like a hug without U." ~ Solomon James 2:17
Whoever owns this Netflix account I am using has really shitty taste in movies and tv like I do! Huzzah!
Thanks for the RT! I'd love to see you at the event this Thursday! :)
so EmpireHouse sounds good! :)
how did TN and Denver go?
Cool! Which one are you doing?
Received your update email. So excited to be a customer (one day)! Must be a year ago that I signed up, will be so worth the wait.
Good Morning NYC & Tweeters
“: RT if there's one genre of music you absolutely cannot stand.” uh yeah county. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
BLAH! IT'S TO DAMN HOT OUTSIDE! 116 YESTERDAY. WHAT WILL IT B TODAY?
Actions Speak Louder Than Words !
Turkey Day is nearly here! I wanna here some of your latest turkey day tweets, jokes, anything of everything, I wanna know. So go n tweet!
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it.
Felt like home today at marian#mexicansunite!
Last night three polite teenages stopped me on Geary Street at 1:58 in the a m & asked me location of the nearest karaoke bar. I told them.
Case in point: I just tried to get a sandwich, at 6:40pm. Sandwich shop closed for the day. Downtown is officially dead. And I am hungry.
My Party: food Dj liquor and a good time starts at 12-1 till whenever text or inbox me for full details an invites. "Respect is the Key"
New music in upcoming "Priest" Trailer!
just sad
Only two more days until Dominican Republic!
Just finished a nice Friday night workout w a few of our college guys.
I have quite the list of things to do, so maybe I should get around to that.
Thats just how we do.
Pundits feel #Gingrich not ideal. Best of worst not good enough. A repub president is no guarantee to solve US economic woes.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 59
This just in: KFC chicken grease removes frowns.(when rubbed on your forehead) Sorry shorty but at least a valuable lesson was learned.
damn back heel tail's are beast!! Nice!
Bradley Brown's wines continue to impres
That is what I thought too.
Beliebers the number one thing has told us is to forget about haters :) he is so inspirational <3 All i want is him to follow
Want a new WordPress based site but can't budget a custom design? No problem! You have options. Contact for details!
#i312m5 Do you think there could be consequences to the government(s) regulating software?
That's all fine and well. Fortunately, all of these shows are on the air the past two years. We have options
Saturday Evangelos was packed.
Wednesday is definitely the longest day of the week. Ugh.
lol the place, some cool ppl though.
this makes me very very happy.
Thanks for the RTs! Hope you're enjoying today's beautiful weather.
Kingmaker is fucking amazing! Miss TXMHF2 and you're dumb!
I listen to country in my car, throw salsa parties, and film hip hop videos. Is it time to start a rock band?
and Roger Zelaznys The chronicles of amber and tell me what you think. I love them.
Well, will be relieved to know I'm following him again, after a lengthy hiatus. Or not. In any event #thesingoff does truly rock.
you didn't see me do the worm?
Honestly I dont care if I go platinum or not I got a beautiful Wife and Kidz and dont wanna tour right now ANYWAY<< Tourin sux>> U aint kno?
Thanks for following me back (:
i have been counting ever since i found out what alcohol was hahaha
high fives yo
I love Tom Petty!
Final Houston Hoops 52, Georgia Stars 65
and that's old picture na , I just woke up at that time, haha!!:) #noMakeUp -- just bare clean face!:)
I'll be there! Beat the cows! “: Who is coming to tomorrow's game against Minnesota State? #gophers”
Thanks to The Fifth Minute, Lenny Solomon, Sam Chase, and Jason Labbe for your performances during our singer-songwriter series event
7 back handsprings today on tramp? I think yes(;
- did not know; are details on your web site?
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are always asking, What's in it for me
the PTs are in full force tonight! Watch out!!
How has your luck been?
All I care about is money and the city that I'm from.
Alright Bud Adams - As a #Titans fan you have made some questionable decisions. Make it happen this time though.
If your gunna b like that we shouldn't be friends...
hey, sure np. Perhaps next time! Thanks! :)
I hope you survived! :) “: I was just harassed by a swarm of sneezes.”
Everyone have a great day
R. S. Thomas--reluctant shepherd, astronaut of the God-space, troubler of the Welsh conscience--would have been 99 today.
When you come party on Boston street, let me know!
how are you buddy how is Jamie
Estrada looking slightly less sharp at the plate... *cough*
Holloway-Attaway: How does one read and write in mixed reality environments?
the world would be a better place with as VP!!!!!!!! (:
People wanna see you do good... but not better than themselves these days. smh
take a pedicab.
As a child, did you have a #favorite #book series? #Share with us!
nice, I think were looking good for A's
Looking forward to seeing you! Track me down.
what are doing to drive the loss?
Chilling in Arizona with my oldest daughter!! Going to Changing Hands bookstore on Saturday!! Hope all of you are having a great evening!!
Gonna Have A Great Day Today.
personally I love cartography, particularly alternative methods. but was popping in on general thread and domain thoughts
First name poo. Last name py.
#YouCuteAndAllBut you not fine!
He finally made up his mind... Lebron James with Miami Heat!
5/4/1792->A. Hamilton: Your wish to see the world encreasing in knowledge prosperity&happiness is pleasing to me as a Citizen of the World
Your coupons stink. They exclude anything worth getting a discount on
Actually so tired
Dude, it would be impossible to NOT make you look good. It's awesome to interview folks w/their ego in check. Thanks again!!
what's Right for you may not be Right for everybody else...
Newark and Sherwood District Council has approved proposals to charge developers up to £1,200 for pre-application planning advice
“: Great things always happen when religion and legislation collide. Right? Waitaminute...”
Hm, it's tempting ... but purely for scientific purposes I assure you.
Worked all day on projects for sweet Amanda's wedding! Personalized DIY details make all the difference <3
#thingsmybestfrienddoes gives the best advice, obsesses over 's beauty with me, is always there when i need her most.
#hateitwhen teachers will be likee ok ur not raisingg ur hand so Im gonna call on yu. its lik WTF.? U THINK I NO THE ANSWER.?
ITS GOIN DOWN TONITE IN THE MIX WIT & WIT
In the beginning of their creation they did. RT ": If McDonalds Ever DELIVERED >>>>>>>>”"
Of course I'd love to see some pictures of Fox. :))
You have such a beautiful voice, Danielle. I just had to get all 4 songs! Stay strong & positive. Best wishes.
WOW CUTE SO WAT YA HOBBY
There we go, finally about to get some sleep.
My new Reviews website in beta stage: Take a look, give some feedback? Thanks! magneticflix.yolasite.com
These rib tips are to good
Law & Order SVU is too real.
Now I eat healthy so I can be healthy.
RT : RT “ I don't like ppl in my business!!!”
haha its been a long couple of days. i forgot what i had tweeted.
Worst father of the year goes to my sperm donor.
I love KG's offball movement. Just so, so, so good.
Thank you hun! (:
Good luck Mike thats a great room to play at.
Me to! But the first thing I asked when I got there is, "Where is ?" But I know you had to dip. But I will see you. Im set on it
Celebrated May 5th the righter way. At Los Bravos.
Let's Go Pokes!
class #3. I'm going slow cuz of my lame back problems. I'm gonna do every other day until my back/shoulder issues subside.
On behalf of Toast, Mika tweets :There're so many people in this country.
THATS FRESH!!! MAN!!!
so when will you be back??
In that case, I pay for the right to plow through/elbow them with my tax dollars.
Such a perfect way to end a good day!:) So blessed that I know such a sweet guy!
we were already planning to move. We knew he would be getting out. Just not if it'd be medically retired, separated, or for ERB
nothing, wondering when youre going to follow me? (; wbu?
regression is good.
My mom is ridiculous.
I need some chicken delight in my life.
El Nino&#39;s next step
#ALLTIMEGreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Born This Way, The Fame, The Fame Monster. Animal, Cannibal..
Today just keeps getting better and better!!!
lol no, license is revoked so I love when I get to drive!
I hate when people say I have a pretty name...but its hard to pronounce
I've had Reiter Syndrome/Reactive Arthritis (which is really a lot more than just arthritis) for about 10 yrs now....
Love being sold out for tonight's performance!
"New York, it looks funny" N. Fried. First best quote of the day of 2010
Hey how are you holding up today? I hope all is going well!
I had no room left ???
Shutting it down...
Yes you can on iTunes!
Sister Anne O'Donnell, RSM built one of the best schools in
Thanks! Im SO obsessed w orange right now!
lol aw ok
how do you know?! :O
I <3 you too baby. How are you today?
Before I die I am determind to go see the Concentration camps in Germany or where ever they are.idk why.but I want to see them.
i really want brewer's to start offering that crab hot dog on their regular menu.
Great one!
The sun is out!!
Let's use sustainability as a strategic lens for Phoenix to move forward - Mayor Greg Stanton
Haters don't really hate you. They hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they wish to be. Poor, confused people.
Ding Dong the witch is dead, we dropped a bomb on that bastards head!!!!
they are pretty yummy! Now I just need some ice cream or whipping cream :P
I'm happy I got me a job $11hr I'm n there as long as I can have sundays off & b n bible study on wed!!!! Thankin GOD
I really want to not got them
Never fails that right after #verizon calls and wants to know if I want an upgrade my #droid becomes possessed.
just my point
just learned behind the back with balls and clubs.
oh no! Kri...for no reason lol
Chronicle comes out today. I loved that movie.
hhahaha! your to crazy OMW ( oh my weirdo lol) how are you? i miss you
Anyone want to guess what our favorite movie is? We got some inspiration for some of our new curriculum from it!
I never get hang overs.
Here I am again... At the alter of the data recovery gods.
I won't get any work done today. I'll just stare at that photo for hours.
same homie! stay up
As beloved children of G-d we are perfect, whole and complete right now.
RT If you are tuned into #CC250!
u out there
Omg I can't take this. Lol whoa!
We've been building a History Pin collection lately. You may see more about it soon on
I run by the pool, and go swimming right after I eat because I am a
great to hear! Thanks for getting in touch!
We the people are the masters of congress & courts, not to overthrow the constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert it - Abe Lincoln
Don't forget the code, they can all save on that
EXACTLY. the day the tickets went on sale, i sat there for HOURS pressing retry to get tickets. and these stupid idiots (c)
a man i mite come down there
Alberta street is closed today for September #lastthursday at 6pm. Bring your crafty, artsy self and help #keepportlandweird!
A2b: Managment interest driving Rams move, not fan interest. Undermines motives for game/growth IMO
No lezzie rock today , we're rocking new Jack White ALL DAY!!
Some things are better not being said. twitter doesn't mean you have to posted everything about ur life lol
I think my head is about to pop.
Awesome! Sadly, I did not have a computer until 1997.
Happy Patriots Day! Stay hydrated, runners!
I mean, if his knee is healthy, I guess I'm okay with it being tested against a top D. But the risk just isn't worth the reward.
It really stinks watching the Kings adv while the close the season. Bring back Lomb, Sutter and Nabby.
3 - Sit there & wait for it to get you tomorrow, & gloat over it's ability to continue
So if your going to Hershey park out in pennsylvania August 11th WE SHOULD MEET UP. Because I'm going to the Cody Simpson and BTR concert!(:
well thats great news. at least its still not in its stomach. glad it worked out. the vet can be big bucks.
Been using for 6 years...love it. Whole biz runs through it. Raising $200k now to build healthcare app on force.
The LeFors Easter egg hunt is on like donkey Kong
send some pics please
What a game! Just remembered why March is my favorite month. Can't decide whether to pull for Norfolk State for the upset or my bracket
Watching last nights Teen Mom. Janelle is such a LOSER!!!
Build succeeded. Yay! I haven't forgotten all my C++ yet.
LOOL. my tv.
that is def good to know hehe
i want more followers;o.
short and sweet, like the other politicians that are running. "San Francisco is not fun and fair and as mayor
Great tasting and fab food last night. Thanks to and Chef Ryan Rose!
Cadet enthralled by war history
Today's Strange Law: In Boise, ID, residents may not fish from a giraffe’s back.
Lol idiot! RT to Pam: did you just wink with both eyes? All of us: ah hahahahh:D <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
well they physically grew up. Mentally not so much. Look at their jackass expressions in the picture.
first place i always check. they ended up being the bread basket in the kitchen. rando.
RT : OMG this iPhone does it all! Got an app that'll wipe my ass.
#BOSSPROOF THE NEW BLACK PANTHERS, THEM BOYS ASK QUESTIONS...WE DO NOT ANSWER!!
Sweet! TY! RT : I guess #37. Hubby loves cheesecake so this would make a nice birthday treat!
another 3 more hours and im off to cinema :)
YES! I finally got Autonets proximity sensing working! The sweet sweet taste of technological success! (preceeded by "i hate electronics")
I know what you thinking, what happend to me? I dropped of the face of the earth, but thanks to gravitational pull I finaly came back.
#tigers are going to give me a heart attack.
Its really nice to know ya Lets do it again cuz we did it on a one night stand cuz i wanna be more then a friend to ya. GodsGirl777
tweet tweet
Yeah well if I didn't suggest it then we wouldn't be going!
Happy to be home
You can send them right our way! ; )
When my bestfriends mad upset or dont feel good #badday for me to :/
Working this week on casting our next free public reading for Dec 6th. Lots to do.
Wondering how big little Jayden has gotten.... I see pics of Jayda often, but wonder about the little man....... Hm
WOW! Amazing fan page you got going on for Mr ... Have been very busy and haven't been up to date!
Thanks to everyone who joined the Mashup team at Burrito Loco in Minneapolis last night!
love u too
creating moment by moment our listening, speaking, & actions - what questions you ask guide your path among possibilities
now following our teen facts for ya and don't forget to follow your fan back!!!!!!!! Love ur voice
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all. Peter Drucker
thanks, brooklynmuseum...I'll check it out.
Sweet. Thanks a lot!
what's the chance of y'all broadcasting in South Florida anytime soon? Can I stream you online?
I will never understand how marketing people get paid for such dumb ass commercials.
“: Make Your Future So Big, Yesterday Is Embarrassed To Show Up. #drMM #fb”
That's awesome! I was a few minutes late and was around #30. Pretty sweet print & a bit different from his other stuff.
That was close my dog almost fucked up my all white UCLA sweater <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
What should we do for our first feature-length indie? Zombie movie, hard-R dramedy or road trip comedy?
All of my books for yoga teacher training showed up in the mail yesterday... so much wonderful reading to do in the coming months!
Gm ladies and gentleman
who plans your game? Cant remember the last time i got to watch the 2nd gamez tip-off! Sucks!
he must not have any options on $AAPL any more ;-)
I hate when that happens. Happens 2 me everyday, everywhere I go RT : Headed to class...far more traffic than normal. No Bueno
Kites rise highest against the wind... not with it. Something to remember when others try to drag you down. Rise higher than them.
Thanks! We really appreciate you sharing that article.
Girl it's #TITTYTUESDAY all the freaks are out lol
I wouldn't have considered 30th St. at 6th Ave. as Chelsea. NY pals, what say you?
'As the proportion of working age people to dependent rises, growth should get a boost.' #Africa via The Economist
Just felt like tweeting from the laptop ain't did that in forever, the new site is a #thumbsup looks like all the apps now...
It's one of my favorites! The wordplay and tongue twisters are especially fun.
Is it too early to start looking forward to the weekend? I'm checking out the soap box races on Mt. Tabor. What's everyone else doing?
PickUpLine: Why don't you come over here, sit on my lap and we'll talk about the first thing that pops up?
love your work and randomly found out I know your cuz- mr. Scott,
hiya:)will you follow back plz? You performed at my school(castleford academy)today and you was amazing!!! I'm defiantly a fan :)
Orange Mic Night 2012 is in the books! Thanks to everyone who came out
today was unreal...unbelievable. four years goes faster than you'd think.
sorry bout that... I'll be texting you today Shaun!
someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you today just the way you are <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Wholesale Deal Available at 46% of ARV. Profit Potential of $40k-$100k (depending on fix up). Call or email for details. Purchase at $170k
RT : "My mother, she was my first friend in the proper sense of the word"
Why is it OK for dudes to slap other dudes' asses in football, but not in any other situation?
play Super lame 4 me G!
aww thanks *wipes tear away* I feel the exact way about you!!
thank you for the mention
#IPNC2010 and I'm eating paella with all the chefs and volunteers. Chef Berger is really starting to tell stories...
follow me As i am already following you friends
LOVE YOU JEN<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
black girls always angry, black girls always have short hair, black girls this black girls that. nobody cares!
Just read about Livejournal users in Kazakhstan complaining of censorship after being unable to access the blogging service .
Hey , great speech yesterday event.....and poof then you were gone.
Ta ta for now twitter.
Just got the greatest news ever from :D
The only people who are there for you in the end, are the ones who can't be there for you.
I thought I had it last night but did not. Slept with it in, didn't notice this morning. And it happened to be time to replace.
Just sitting around :p i have to go to dance soon.
Success is the Accomplishment of The Necessary. - Manly P. Hall
Congrats to ! Looking forward to seeing you play on Sunday. Thanks for the great memories in the 'bus!
The Screen Door for my dad's birthday ~
Every attendee will receive a raffle ticket to enter to win these items at the event. :-)
It's where we live. Thanks Kruse.
2nd paragraph? am i reading it wrong? "After falling to the Los Angeles Galaxy in the first-ever MLS Cup",
From the front it's lookin like she got some ass probably. We call that a sign, Asstrology
Come watch us play tomorrow night before Hawthorne Heights at Gallery13! $10, doors open at 6:30. Let's having a rad Friday night together!
Best wishes from Alexandria, Va! We're rooting for you.
Greyhound racing is fun. I recieve tired after a couple of laps though, the old legs arent the things they used to be...
As of this morning Transform is working with 8 highly active bands from across the metal genre. Its time!
Jim Wirt is killing it.
Hey hey hey!!! Who wants to play?
Apparently I made up my own gibberish language & refused to speak English. Bottomless drinks are the Devil.
Laugh your workday away --> Family Guy coming up at 5PM! On-air trivia will unfold = Test your knowledge!
I don't understand this. Is it really a fire-able offense?
Taking care of fam ain't easy
yeah chris powell.
Been using git for a few years. Still don't actually understand it.
": Some of you bitches need a reality check, not a welfare check"
sing it. So tired of woman of a certain age have to be gray.
I only give someone so many chances after that you're dead to me....
Well this just got awakard
Make a god damn free throw!
?The only real disability in life is a bad attitude
Having sex before marriage isn't the " only" sin. It's that you think its okay that makes it bad
Nature lover leaves wildlife haven to RSPCA ¿ who sell it to be bulldozed and built on
Women don't like being lied to, but can't handle being told the truth. Just smile and nod, fellas. That's the only way to win with a woman.
I already checked 25 times, but ... just one more time to make sure no passports are expired. Just checkin'.
“: Tat my name on you so i know its fucking real”
What's up
I already know these things and yet yu keep tellingg me . No need fer repeating yourself .
Yay no cross country today I took a sat act prep test it was hard even the personal info part of the test was hard
AMAZING CONCERT!!
It's so hot outside
Lol hush, but let me know whenever. I will be home Friday!
Tell us about one of your parenting success stories
Totally rockin high school senior portraits! Book from our Twitter feed and save 15%, totally cool!
Working on a tutorial on this lovely April Day. One week until my birthday!
volunteers: Have you listed your volunteer service on LinkedIn?
hahahha...the line for that request is long.......few peeks tomorrow...Sunday is the day *el sol* returns!
Dolo Murder She Wrote December 2011 YSM at ya neck!
RT : Me and got work to do when I touch down in ATL <== Let's work
About Time!
Trying to catch out here in Austin biggest fan..
hahaha idkk ryan has long lucious hair and I wanna braid it.
Who are you guys rooting for on #AmericanIdol?
Can't wait to drop this guest mix on youse on next month's Rub Radio on , it's a stinkah! #BREAKFACE <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
about 16 hours i think. hopefully we will have fun with it.
I cant see emojis :(
y do they sound butt as hell on der do u go to a specific site or wat??
Hahaha so many people im gonna freak!
ugh let's go!! I wish I was there omg<3
Devils fans talked shit for days now they're down 1-0 and complaining already
Must...Find...New...Ad Campaign... #Priceline Killing Off William Shatner's Priceline Negotiator character.
radio interviews 101: if you are too busy thinking about the next question, you aren't really listening
of course! Anything for the Clark's! :)
Ok, I've made it this far... time for lunch and rehearsal...
Currently seeking new management.
Hi Skip, what do I have to do to get you to reply back? I message you when I have time, I agree with everything you say!
Thanks H. What's sad is Marks still doesn't get that some who can afford b'band can't get it b/c they live in poor 'hood.
ima go check it out
Alright sounds good I'll watch the forums
Morning!! :o Today you should have some Blackcurrant.
Good morning beautiful ladies of Detroit
My mind is saying forgive & my heart is telling me not to. For once i'm going to go w/ my heart & not my mind!
are you playin tonight???
all about the Patriots!
NSF Campus Bridging report: campus grids to national infrastructure (both compute and data) and international CI
Can I live in a happy family like on those disney channel and nickelodeon tv shows? Can I live in a peaceful house? Maybe, someday?
Could I plead w/ you to bring back a ?!? Besides Ithaca brewery, you have Mendocino,Saranac,Adirondack,Lake Placid..
Must be same software as Stars.
Spent all day working on urban gardens in and around DC. I met some amazing people, and had a blast! Happy Earth Day.
Thanks for the RT! Hope you get to go!
I am now influential in typos, according to AWESOME.
Alex Seropian Bill Roper Disney Interactive
didn't you know? zombies hibernate.
#NW Money Talks
The same nigga thats in your music video tryning to get 3 seconds of fame could actually be the same nigga that wants to see you fail.
The song is pretty hilarious too.
Yup I signed up to be auctioned as a bachelorette, for charity of course. Mark your calendars for May 19. I need bidders to show!
Happy Holidays from our family to yours!
make more postss
Cheers, to making it happen.
It's funny how time changes, but feelings don't.
She's your GIRLFRIEND, not your fucking puppet!
that is fine! I do u made if i embred on our tumblr? And can u give it a tag with
Absolutely. POTUS: "This Nation is great because we built it together."
Temps are dropping... scramble for reasonable heating options for the studio...Made some storm windows for the remaining 80 yr old windows.
A hello to the readers from Jamaica...:-)
One of the greatest music festivals is SXSW in Austin, Texas.
Just realized i have to stay at school till five
If you're not a Duggar you're a Bone Child.
BABE I LOVE YOU THAT WAS AMAZING OMG I LVE YOU THANK YOU BABE
Just got a call from my long lost relative from Moscow. That's was very pleasent.
Saying a prayer for Charlotte and the family.
he is a must-follow for all elected and aspiring-to-be elected officials
Pet peeve: letters of rec for former students that need to be uploaded and submitted separately for every job or grad program. PITA!
Bout ready too wash my hands w. dia friendship
Consider the audience of the media outlet before you craft the pitch. Do the flavors mesh? is their audience YOUR audience?
Monday morning...back to work!
Wish we could... life on the road - ya know?
Hey Karma Card members, get 25 bonus points each time you dine for weekend brunch at in January.
seinfeld is AWESOME!
Some chilli would be nice
before I got t-mobile
When I watch tv or movies, most of the actors are (not ate) also white a
Furman and Michigan Wins! Go Paladins...Go Blue!
So cool! RT : Trevor Hoffman just walked by my table.
Really appreciate this chart. It's dramatically reduced number of times my mom asks me "Has [show] been renewed yet?"
Don't summarize/ my sunrise
Is creeping?
What time is face off on Sunday?
aww you dumped your android lol.
Thanks friend!!---“: Have fun in my favorite city this weekend. Walk the High Line!”
thank you for an amazing afternoon!
Yay! Penning new "Meet Your Maker" column for featuring winemakers/chefs of #wawine #ww - where 2 start?
I wonder who will win the NBA playoffs? Who y'all think gone take it
Oh holy sass pants.
O, does someone have a crush??? RT : On a scale of 1 to Dreamy, is one fine looking man.
Grove Holiday Open House is today through Sun. Drop by for free mulled wine, samples of local gourmet foods, gift ideas, sales & much more.
nah. Cashier.
Congrats to - heading to the #Vikings! All kinds of Florida-style talent heading north. Love it.
#HappyMothersDay to all the wonderful mothers! May all your day be filled with joy and happiness!
“ Next relationship, I hope is my last”
just look around there are a lot of places hiring <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
got too much money
Was A MA ZING tonight!!!
#Insurance consultant Marshall & Swift/Boeckh estimates that 58% of #homes nationwide are underinsured by an average of 21%
"Proper Foreplay (e.g., make a business plan)" Hm...never wrote one...should I?
APUSH-ers: Please bring your textbooks to class tomorrow. I need to collect those this week.
two 15 seeds. a 13 and a 12. two 11 seeds. #MarchMadness is absolute madness this year.
I miss producing the MACC Sports Auction at and meeting all the MACC stars
Knows how to move in a room full of volchers
Let me go dwnstairs wit her !
#Macadelic tour!! Clarion or Penn state?? Hmm maybe I'll just have to go to both..
where to?
That was a good round for Cotto.
JUSTIN BIEBER follows ; follow her too
Songs are timelines of our emotions, you can tell what we were feeling, by the color of the melody, the depth of the lyrics
LOL. Road trips are the only time I break down & pay for reupping my satellite radio.
what have you guys done so far?
WHAT IT DO BRA
Very good 1st Game for my team, The Cannons. We came from behind to win 4-3. I drew 2 walks and a HBP, and scored the tying run! Let's go!!
vs #go panthers
Don't know about that one.
We're enjoying the warm weather...and we're planning some exciting things for the next time summer rolls around...stay posted!
Its just me {&} this captain crunch blunt i guess I'll watch some ancient aliens on netflix
aww....soon enough!
I suspect drunk tweeting.. =)
Thanks for the RT's!
Entering notes into Kutub->TimeTables in the 500 AD timeframe. What a time that must have been. Britain was post Roman and pre-AngloSaxon
So tired from night shift that I just added "bell lepers" to my grocery list. Thanks, autocorrect.
to bad you guys can't take another road trip for the suprise B*****......
180*South makes me feel like such a pansy. Let's climb Corcovado.
Snow is tapering off in the city. How is your street? Let me know via Pittsburgh's 311 line. Anyone going to ?
Nick also was one of 1st to say after the blown save "everyone in this clubhouse support DRob..."
Where is the fest held? Downtown near Juneau Village?
I want to go back to camp.
oh my gosh ur like my cousin shes 12 im 17 and she passes me by alottttttttttttt
or a pair of asu crocs
I have a weird love for hip bones.
is there a fee if I transfer money from my reserve account to my spend account online?
I had a great time over my parents house. More great food.
sounds like an Adidas commercial lol
Stay tuned! Big news coming soon...
" You ain't that cute"
RT if u want a shout out im really bored so just RT LLN! Xx
China unveils new economic plan
Noell says these songs are hard on his sticks.
LOVE your recipes! Tonight..Pumpkin Apple Soup! YUM
my 14yr old sis and 13yr old cousin dont like talking in front of me cause apparently Im "too old" to understand what theyre talking about.
thank you & tell mma happy mothers day to
yes, my kind of pothead. bitch was jamming out to "my moon, my man."
Thanks for such kind words!
Shopping online tomorrow or monday? (black friday/cyber monday) Install this app right now! pungle.me
I'm a reporter/grad student researching a particular murder & its lack of media coverage. Could we chat?
ew my lips are so chapped -.-
I'm out the next two week but after that I'm totally game!!
Im trying to watch the #clippers game somewhere tomorrow night. I need to.be with clips fans
Or not. I have YET to see the genius.
it comes on around 11:30 and it's on NBC
Buying low on Adam Wainwright - Sports Network
Did you know that My Psychic business has been 40% busier due to the economy and the Paridigm shift we are going through?
I dunno if there's slang I'm not aware of, but google image searching for picnic photos yielded some titties. GONNA GET SO FIRED.
do you like my new twitpic :)
it's just supposed to be a hard rain, maybe some hail. Meteorologists tend to hyperbole around here. ;-)
sorry I haven't been updating or following you back! I've been really busy with school & practice,but I will follow you & update soon!
COOL! I'll be cheering and hollaring WAY TO GO, GIRL!!!!!
Super awesome #Community, #30Rock & #UpAllNight made up for the lack of new #Office & #Parks&Rec. But, alas, still not enough 4 this girl.
Can't wait to see what I hear is beautiful Vancouver some day. Go Irish!
She has my vote - - iTunes style. LOVE the originality of her voice.
Someone told me I had a really nice Velocipede on my way to work. I got sad because i always wanted one of those big ass Victorian bikes
The winner of the 2012 team of the year has to be #Baylor: 40-0 and a national championship and only 4 gms were won by single digits.
Are you a Mac or PC person?
and so nice to meet you guys! I'll be sending you guys some twitter training info later! Have a great weekend! :)
My credit is above 750
Gotta get through this exam and then its time for Crawfish, Senior Roast, and nelo..
Tell that bitch, hop up on my dick, rolled up on her quick, In a six, told her suck the dick, motorboat her tits. I'm the shit.
Huh. The Salem-Keizer Volcanoes' mascot was just chased from the field by a bat'leth wielding Klingon.
Can you feel it? Upset brewing. Jackrabbits trail by 4 with 1:11 to play!
Thanks again for the tickets to last night's vs. game. Great times!
Help us spread the sound of Miserable end. Download us. If you like us, tell your friends about us. if you don't write us and tell us...
I bet it will the biggest celebration ever haha ya right huh
Good morning all. You know when you feel like bursting into tears over nothing? That
"Do you ever feel like the guys at sonic are looking into your soul?"
I miss you!! I so wish we could take it together! when are you visiting us??
My wife just asked me if I know who "Pretty Boy Nick Flair" is. I said yes.
A guy just picked up used pants on our doorstep at work. Hilarious conversations ensue. Oh, no, I guess he left them.
Your website is badass. Let us know if you have any questions about our API or if you want a demo.
You might think of it as aging, I think of it as growing, learning, exploring and gaining more wisdom...
what is wrong with you? Looks like you will never have a head coaching job again making comments like that.
awww thanx Dame thou you super late on this one lol
Goodbye day, Hello Bed
Oh no she didn't she just pulled the washer/dryer was hers before the marriage card.
Thanks, friend!
Nope! But there's always tomorrow!
Awful quiet in Hampden, today. No chatter from the local talent. Must be too cold.
that's what I'm talkin about!
I'll tell you if I get her! And you're welcome :)
lol. It's stupid.
www.miamiherald.com/2010/08/25/1790858/this-is-who-we-really-is-glenn.html -- This is who `we' really is, Glenn
I hope you have a productive day, good luck!
All the folks in those pizza photos look scared. It's the fear that got to them I bet. No fear.
Time Warner cable stinks - no NFL for me tonight.
Lauren: "I'm tired of praying to a God that doesn't answer." Summer: "'No' is an answer too."
Ew dude I mess up on my tweets so much, i just want to never tweet again and hide under a rock
Bahaha just asked me for my a/s/l
if only I knew! You just have to learn to not give fuck. Just know who to really trust is all.
We aren't a part of Pipila... sorry if you thought we were spamming though :) just trying to join the twitter chat!
I was there. Going back for more today. You?
Thank you sir. :)
Woot! RT : Did you get the holiday catalog? A photo of my kids taken by is smack dab on page 2.
They dug that slug out and I put down the pipe and picked up a mic.
don't forget to carbo-load
Yes and yes.
OMG I FORGOT HOW TO DO THE HOMEWORK ;( HEEELPPPPPPP ME
but still the only place in SF you'll get a classic old world, "old New York", pie.
we are goin downtown Thursday.... Just a heads up
It's happening, people caused it, things can be done about it.
Haha. This twitter is more fun cause people cant judge. ^-^
Erick's Last morning show with us :( He's moving up the news ladder and going to Boston! Congratulations to him but we're trying not to cry
Cru De Gra flyer is now up.
If Santorum wins the primary I... no, you know what, I have too much faith in mankind to even consider that possibility.
Cookies are model monsters
man a hella day so far goin good basketball wize
Still can't get enough of this Jam City xlr8r mix!!
Finally set up instagram on my phone. Now I just gotta get myself to use it. Zero people will follow me & thats okay. Candyeatingblt is me.
LET GOT PATS ! COME ON TOMMY !!
We're not in a small town, but this kind of thing could help with organizing stories about the school itself.
Think gay marriage shouldn't be legal? Be sure to check out our sanctity of marriage issue page. We want America to be heard on both sides.
Happy New Year to you and yours, may 2012 be full of adventure and fresh beginnings!
(Lunch, why yes... Are you in Chicago?)
“: I love a woman that cheats but puts her boyfriend first” Since when has that been okay??
I love my baby
Austin Mahone will never follow me or notice me no matter how hard I try or wish he would
Happy New Years Weekend Everybody - I'll be tweeting next, next year.
ya kno I thi.k they r the best thing so far in this show
Superintendent Deasy needs report cards too! He hasn't brought it home signed yet.
IS FUCKING GORGEOUS AND HAS A SUPER SEXY BODY!!!
Where do you live?
Congrats to , , , and Johanna Drucker on their ACH election!
If Aldridge does this right out of gate next season he will be an all-star.
We can not thank you enough for your overwhelming support and help in exceeding our goal on Kickstarter! It means the world.
Have you seen Citizen Ruth?
#SDSU #Aztecs have reached a Home and Home agreement in basketball with
Can't let down one of your oldest frriends.
Tip of the day: if you dont want to get bank robbed then alls you got to do is deposit your money not at banks.
Google drive was just updated on my phone. neat
Carl DeMaio, carpetbagger: Today, he confused venerated local Sushi Arts with raw fish designs. He's making funding decisions on this stuff!
1st day of spring practice!! Anxious to see who will lead this team!!
Tell me about it!! RT": Running back & forth from ad to mussafa7 is not fun.... Not fun at all...."
your * not you're
hey, you (and maybe ) tell me, I'll facilitate. ;^) Documentation workflows = ISO9000 or something else?
#NowSmoking Alec Bradley Black Market Toro @ Signature
To once think I called this woman my best friend is comical.. dumb two timing people ...
The universe bears no ill to me, I bear no ill to it.....Phylicia Rashad (Pure Wisdom!!)
Feel Better! <3
well it's homecoming this weekend, so obviously that means you have to come home. haha
:) RT : you're not helping, you know
I've done nearly 30 years in the region as a whole: Sydney, Hong Kong , Singapore, and Bangkok.
did ya'll see treme tonight..i was on it...in 3 scenes..yeah first time i saw myself on the small screen in a tv series! HBO tonight treme
Tasty Tuesday's @ One Up 25 cent Wing Special (from 4pm to 12am) , $5.00 you call it on DRINKS & TAPAS
Rocktagon MMA Elite 14 Rock-n-Rage is 2 weeks from today at Craneway Pavilion in Point Richmond, CA!! Tickets at www.rocktagonmma.com
Don't know how to tell the weight of the sun & mathematics - I want none I may be the Mayor of Simpleton but i know 1 thing & that's I luv u
TONIGHT! Art-inspired VIP Happy Hour for professionals by EBN Law Firm. The Well 6pm - 9pm 2-4-1 drinks! Art by Alex Turco & Gil Bitton.
we'd love to show you a great night & delicious food!! :)
Every day, when I eat lunch at my desk: OOOHHHH WHAT DO YOU HAVE THERE? IS IT FOOD? WOW, WHERE DID YOU GET FOOD?
Hello Thursday! Wish it was Friday!
ur a marvelous & dashing companion...
when u gttn mines
Good Morning :)
Tophat & tails my boy! xo
So the mix of the month is going to be a day late. Please don't hate, we promise it will be worth the wait!!!! Xx ~TRR
why are denying honor and killing infants for gold, gold? Out of context they just seem like pretty shitty things to do lol
I agree. Now following you.
lots of love in the middle school gym
Thanks for the follow! ( :
Need A Music Video?
very funny on Conan and you look awesome in your underwear
Phones dying at work so I'm turning it off
Could be. Very frustrating when it happens for sure!
& I had a delish dinner adventure last nite! Every bite amazing, Chef Zoe is awesome! The quail, the salmon.. :) #yum!
Lunch was fantastic. Great job Beth!
My hand always falls asleep while I play temple run -__-
Watching a #FenwayPark documentary which is unreal! Gotta see a game there soon...
Hey girl! How the heck are ya? I miss you. We need to get together soon!
Have I really changed that much..?
Find out what C.J. has to say about the Kardashian-Humphries divorce tonight on FOX 9 @ 9:30PM
You lucked out! I'll try to remember to tell you what it's like this year.
Im hungry...
RT : We are so diggin' your girl modern aesthetic. LOVE! LOVE!
Thank The Lord for that!!
RT Gutted that I can't make it to the next #digitalpreservation #hackathon. Expect it to be a good one. W...
You called it -- should have put money down…
I'm in love with
The curse is BROKEN!!!
Aaahhhaaa. I C.
made it out of Ikea for under $35...it's a miracle!
THE INTELLIGENCE OF PARENTS
hey, how's everything? It's creative than most of the usernames I've seen on twitter and it's not gross!!
>:D yeah! bring yo friends if u want..
Going though Columbia. Missouri billboards everywhere.
Dude, tell me about it.
True, but the Phoebe Cates scene is, narratively, all about the male gaze. GOT, very often, just IS the male gaze.
its a good excuse as any for Fb terminal instability. yea for google plus!
...and we're really excited! You won't be disappointed!
idk cause I didnt say it?
wonder wht's for dinner....
Wondering Why People Type Like This
Finally.. The TV to myself! Buhahaa I'm watching quality television. - -'Don't be Tardy for the Wedding.' ()
Great event yesterday. BBJ Biz Expo. We had over 50 vendors + over 450 registered attendees.
I miss your face!
whoa #stars, i forgot they existed
New character just invented: wage-slave-turned-once-hopeful-now-jaded-food-trailer-owner-and-operator.
right here
First rule of Team DIET, don't talk about Team DIET.
Happy mothers day to all your moms! Love you mom<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
the Salina Art Center?!?!....wow congrats.
Well, tonight I cranked hard on a last-minute commission for financial reasons; tomorrow I have to do the same for altruistic ones.
Nordstom-Gilma: nice demo of converting Flash to use on iPad using Adobe AIR turns Flash element into app
:) I wish things like these weren't that hard -.-
Nothing changes until your mind and thought changes.
Way to go patriots!
Napoleon Bonaparte Rely on your own strength of body and soul
Acknowledge all things are a blessings because all things are of God
that's a bet same this way whats going on for the 4th that way
Beat some ass.
I love them
hey dave where can i get the audio of the thanks for the sex bit?
I'll be on campus today, but I'll be far, far away at my lab. Have fun!
We use a water base urethane. Not the most durable, but can be removed it there is a problem.
(((Debbie & Alicia))) I hope we get to see you today - you are twitter! Have a great weekend and thank you for being you!
thankfs for the #FF! Enjoy your weekend!
yes, did you wear all black? or not wear not-black? re: Existential Crisis Thursday
let's go Loyola
My Life Is So Beautiful=(!!
Anyone have any good juicing recipes to share???
Massachusetts!;D
Uh, is now following me. And that about sums it up.
Seven #charterschools ranked among the city’s top 10 middle schools; among non-exam middle schools, charters held the top eight spots
Oh I get it. You are planning your presidential archive. Makes sense.
Late nights aren't what they use to be anymore.
I'm in love with Austin but would move anywhere at this point! :)
about to grab some din din in the city with the family
Good luck to everyone on their finals this week!
guaranteed to be a Portland weathergasm!
I need someone to talk to, kiss with, hug me, love me, be there when i'm crying. #thatrealnigga :)
Twitter, of course. also
Homie iont 'eem want ya girl, you can keep her
You too , hope you had a lucky 13th too.
BIG thank you to of for being our guest host for tonight's chat.
A6. Nice furniture, drapes. That's why I'm not inviting any of u to my house.
Omg feeling great
I love spoiling beautiful women!
Please follow us now
you is kind, you is smart, you is POTENT, wheww! So stinky!
Today, I rang 3x our usual daily sales in 8 hours. Long story short, my boss kissed me.
ANGRY Dave!!!
I don't care how close was that play to the 2007 Eli to Tyree play. Gronk got to locate the ball
HEEY that's fine by me, when ?
#its2020 omg i thought that ment it was december 20th then i realised it wasnt the 20th, then i released there are only 12 months in a year.
Go ahead nay-sayers who say Rodgers isn't MVP due 2 system, he will keep on proving ya wrong
LOL Sorry about that :)
get a pimp number 12.
#Np Good ones gone....
Drinking a beer after class at 1:30 in the afternoon. Life ain't so bad.
The Edge of Heaven (2007) tracks 2 women caught in a tragic dance as one seeks meaning by helping a Turkish lover entangled with terrorists.
RT : Ready for a great meeting with this morning. is a great community partner in MKE
Happy Friday Joey!!
it is from my Jersey office, not from my Manhattan one.
Katy "Buzz Lightyear" Perry- "Is she preg?" -
I have to get up really early.. Class starts at 7 a.m
Taking a small liberty, We are going with Danny Stapleton and the "Blonde, James Blonde Ale"!!!!
Windwood: I see a lot of amazing things going on in the world. There is so much possibility
ITS GAMEDAY!!! takes on FGCU at 1230pm in ASun Tourney!! #fearthefin Let's Get It Ladies!! GO FINS!!!
#sabres are winning
In my own little zone good night cyber world...
Right then 6969th tweet is dedicated to cos she wanted it, cos she's a slag;) and *takethehintmax*;)
Swinging something naughty tonight. Heather Moran. Katerina's. 8:30pm.
There's a way to do a good green screen and there's a way to do a half assed crappy way. #Unforgettable death scene was just crappy.
Good morning!
who you talking about??
Drunk dad arrives late, screams at his son the entire soccer match, leaves early. Ugh!
come to Louisville! Home of
Missed my flight..
yes its over they are done they gave out all their tickets
found it thanks to Find a lot of quality articles that way.
Normally my brainstorms are just slight showers but THIS one was a hurricane. BRB. Gonna go buy a domain.
you're welcm bro
nun b n atl soon
Woah. Everyone, follows us. This is crazy, call me maybe?
found anything good yet?
Time to fuck!!
no we can't. Just send me a picture.
Welcome my friend as the new seattle mommy. See my post at seattlemommy.com
Listen, I don't think is feeling up to practicing today. I'm ready to go though.
Somebody needs to figure out how to deep fry a salad
In order for Donald to get a 30 I am thinking something with a Super Bowl Ring and an orifice on Lens body may have to be coupled.
#TwoThingsThatDontMix #facebook and real friends
hey what you doing ? (:
I wanna take tomorrow and friday off but I'll be stuck doing make-ups for the rest of my life! #Exhaustedandburnedout I'm doing it anyway!
Let's go ! Time to step it up and take the last 2 games in this series against the Orioles!
First day of my last quarter with ! Enjoying my #CrisisCom class with and !
How is it that Windows admins are so fucking clueless how their systems work? My 4 year old can push buttons too.
Fantastic attitude. RT : "Getting it right rather than getting it first is really important to our brand."
ramming your car into a tree on purpose is pretty fun
Adam Hughes, Fall '12 #sagrad at Western Carolina Univ.
let's go see it and cry together
I go there every year. I'm planning a few trips later this month.
Jack and Arnie each won 6 times as part of a team
LMFAO my little brothers listening to rap and reading the lyrics off...hes so cute...sometimes.
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen your manager tries to be a wingman...and fails. Lol!
Anyone coming out to the Chester County Satellite Meeting tomorrow?
An answer for the extension of the tax credit should be here VERY soon!!
Liking the spring weather today, Just hope it will stick around this time!
i know
Keep your face to the sun and you will never see the shadows.
Swimming Lessons for Baby Sharks at 20% off for a limited time: Google "Thomson West" and buy through the sponsored link.
Aw man! I want my quilt!
that is really sad since she has to leave. why does she have to leave anyways?
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (iqi-vi)
Just pigged out at Roxy's Island Grill. Where did u pig out today?
how do you think our #bcfootball recruiting class will look next year? Its only going to get worse.
and twitter was a badd idea -__-
thank you for your support !
ok thanks
Agree with his view of the immaterial 'work' but dislike his casual dismissal of the materiality of literary texts
What's the shortcoming?
WILD crowd of book lovers for John & Hank Green. Thx !
Commission meeting is back in session
Seriously. Let's make that the new sx. But without the 20,000 people.
High surf advisory in So Cal.
Today was very tiring!
Off to the movies :-)
da fro is back again!
Recognition to a down sistah who lack all superficiality and is full of kind humbleness #FF !
whatever not even true, you don't even believe that yourself! I called you this morning about some business your phone was dead
#12 Victorious is my favorite show. (if you didnt already know that...)
Valentine's Day baking...love is in the air...and my hands are stained red...
Mother's day weekend has no sundays races! He He
and I hope life treats you kind..and I hope you get all that u dream of..wish u well..but above all this WE WISH U LOVE..IWALY!
oh how you go to see that video ? Lol
oh yes most definitely!!! It's a date!
Thanks to Tarpinian 151, Walnuts for Later and Ten96 for Saturday night's show at Beer Co!
I'm not immature...I just know how to have fun!
about damn time!
the best dude. Still eat it with my hands like the old days too
now all I wanna do it go home & take a nap
I've had beers with you, you're a little... well, different :)
um, AGREED!!! Holy crap...I love Ave Maria...can you please sing at my wedding?
It seems like pain&regret are your best friends.Because everything you do leads to them
Got an award from tonight at the Hawk Awards!
never really though i would like handguns this much but yeah. i do. they're legit.
Looks like we're throwing Matt Mantsch under the bus tonight. If you voted that way, come and pay five bucks to see it happen!
One full week of high school left. I can do this. .....maybe.
Or a good friend that's a girl
The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does.
With the dumb and above crack n' slider.
Everyday, 200 million couples around the world have sex, which is about over 2000 couples at any given moment.
Thanks a lot!!
Working on my song "Breakable". Looking forward to my next recording session with Bonnie.
. Hm...although not sure I accept that definition of libraries, I nonetheless think Google Books provides both.
The d in derose could mean.. dead. Ya, just hear that on the news
Final performance of Coda @ 6.30 Sunday @ Complex/Flight stage on Santa Monica. See me dance ballet...ish!
And now that you're goin to bed, I still feel like theres so much to get off my chest.
etting rid of deion branch dont think hes good enough steve smith the one who plays for the eagles is on my team
Bitches be crazy!
Aren't rules just a suggestion?
yeah it's ridiculous!! I might get a job at HEB or something
To scale the coverage of Hurricane Irene it's now the size of Europe!
love the designers!!!
There is no greater beauty than a person doing what they love and chasing their dreams, their smile is contagious. Amazingly Awesome.
Cherokee Phoenix, great job on your email newsletter format!
“: ... #girlscouts100 posts [are] full of fascinating facts about the org & about young women!” -- Thank you!
only person im excited to hang out with tomorrow is youre my favorite :)
you should definitely touch base with - I feel like you have a lot to talk/collaborate about!
It&#39;s so easy to give others advice. How bout trying to walk a mile in my shoes?
Happy Birthday
This is why you never, I repeat never, stray from the Red Hot Chili Peppers roll. You clearly need supervision in FL!
Opps meant crowder.. Of course it's gonna be crowded :)
Thanks so much for the #ff mention!!!!!
I will always love you too (:
Is Tuesday a big day for NBA talks? Shouldn't they all be big days if you really want to get deal done?
Conquer yourself before you conquer others. <U+4EBA><U+306B><U+52DD><U+3064><U+3088><U+308A><U+81EA><U+5206><U+306B><U+52DD><U+3066>
but she knew what she was doing then said she was using her sons phone why you on his phone trynna see who tweeting
I was skeptical of 21 jump street initially. But after seeing some previews and reading about it, I think I'm in.
Don't miss our Monday special - 1/2 off all bottles of wine! Call us & make a dinner reservation: 770-671-0100.
Would u consider releasing ur Twitter handle? We are part of a small startup called "Trovu". We'd REALLY like to use . Thx!
Is anyone following the move to call a constiutional convention--are we really just one state away from it happening?
Hey, it's #FollowFriday! Follow our crazy cast: , , , ,
All the crazy mixed up emotions she's going thru knowing that she's about to lose him but in the end she comes out stronger & even saves him
no ewwwww but I ain't forget about u I'm waitin for my brother to give me full details
i has mono:{
9 o'clock mix tape lets get it
Are yall ready lemme get the roar.
I have eaten everything in my house with these snow days..time for a trip to and maybe a long run at the gym.
what the heck theres tweets i didnt even tweet like trying to lose weight fast and crap
hahahaah, chill girl
When Dante wanted to call Jason re: rescuing Sam, & McBain said "He's not a cop--he doesn't belong," I may have yelled "Yeah!" at my TV.
im onto anothaa cause ya change like the weathaaa ¤
Tip from Focus on the Customer webinar: no marketer should be w/o Google keyword tool & analytics per
I'm just a soul whose intentions are good, Dear Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood
Last PiYo Wednesday, doodles!
Pot calling the kettle black.
I'm going to get better...no matter what!!!
hungry, hot & sober.
I love flirting and my partner hates it.
Michigan or Notre Dame?
oh i wish i was from america! :P
Who were you guys up against?
Word Lens and google translate = star trek universal communicator...now i they can put that tech in sunglasses
We're excited to welcome to the summer internship program!
I know! I rather just get a mule and burn myself!
Gonna be tweeting later today(: dude! My bro possibly has to get surgery
Emmanuel College wins the SSAC for the first time in school history. And, TJ Rosene is crowned SSAC Coach of the Year. Next: NAIA tourny.
Socially conscious artists are overlooked today
You're welcome! :)
Having a sound mind allows one to make sound decisions.
We love you, sweet thing.
My first goal as Sports Director here in Augusta, get one of my tweets read on the Braves TV broadcast
Chair Wachtmann stops Rep. Carney from asking questions "so that opponents can testify." Chair could have called expert witnesses first.
he's taking a dip from the Phil playbook
Best Shelby Lynne concert ever! Seeing her in Alabama is always extra-special.
Meetings today with SAG-AFTRA discussing contracts for the future possibility of 'Briefcase' becoming a feature film
Applied to get tickets to the 2013 Masters
If you use the word "swag" with me, I will rip off your dick and feed it to a group of geese
Just creeping on A BOSS!!!!:)
RT 96% of all fed life sciences jobs are in the MD Capital Region - Frederick, Montgomery and Prince George’s.
Hi, im good and you ?
or something.
Turtle neck shirts are hideous.
Hey are youi ok?
BEST START: Pink Eye vs. Allergies
?In every forest, on every farm, in every orchard on earth, it<U+FFFD>s what<U+FFFD>s under ground that creates what<U+FFFD>s above ground
Richard Peck says I'm standing in the back of the room here bombing "the ruins of our language" via text and tweets. Bombs away.
Twitter account to promote textbook savings/coupons for college students and more.
Touch screen is my biggest enemy.
#inhabitation emphasizes "the material rhetoric of abandoned houses" -- a belief in "thingamajigisms" --
sounds good
Great day with Tim yesterday! Got almost all of my homework done! Proud of myself.
Thank you Elizabeth #Warren for showing Democrats how to fight the Republicans'
#What2ChainsWouldSay I'm ridin mario cart, 2chainz hot like a pop tart, I play the movie no pause got my sack SANTA CLAUSE!
Prying: 2day Father hear my cry & my call, hold my hand least I fall. take my hand Precious Lord and lead me on. I am out
The awkward moment when your friends mom is yelling at your friend while you're chilling there
huh? huh? oh!
Much appreciation for the reetweet:-)) Have a great Weekend!
All in all, great night for Mitt. I can't say the same for his underwhelming speech, but on to New Hampshire!
Just deleted about 10 contacts from my phone. Gotta get rid of dead weight
Not only does eating an Ice Bhang Bar help you feel healthy, but simply buying one contributes money toward breast cancer research.
would you like to be apart of our project could use your skills an experience
#ABestFriend or.. :D
thanks Aaron, will do! Have a nice night.
I'd give a try to this gmail backup
: You should be askin your self why am I not following the best in the twitter world, well here they are
While we dine on turkey this #Thanksgiving, our #Packers plan to feast on some Lion.*(*tastes like chicken.)
Galileo circulated his early discoveries about Saturn in anagrams, to establish precedence without revealing too much.
Wonderful. All the hip hop specialists are wearing paisley these days.
$ goes further & gives what is needed faster & for less! #cashisbest EX: $1 will provide clean water for 1 African for 1 year
hahah i noe rite it was epic hahah :D
yeah they are wonderful products :) if you want me to recommend you some DM me :D
Going to see #Springsteen in Charlotte next week. Just what the dr. ordered!
": Capping off lovely weekend by anchoring 11 news tonight w/ my pal,the one and only " Great duo! See you on TV!
you're the best and you're gettin screwed by haters!
one more follower till i reach 6OO :}
About to go and meet !!! woohoo!
I wonder why you are hurting people that love you???
come see me!!
": You can't have a relationship without any fights, but you can make your relationship worth the fight"
Bored to the max
Justin is fucking flawless x: ~
Last final at 1
That is rather hilarious. I didn't know. I may have to demote Game of Thones on my Netflix queue for that.
Most people would say that being stuck in the house with the wind roaring outside is an avenue for creative expression. Thoughts?
Work then about get some new digs.
Have fun at prom ! Love you :)
Summer May <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Hot TA is hot.
Maybe the news anchors should be given a mandatory snow day.
Yikes mothers day is right round the conner
**Looking for a Controller for a great client of mine in the construction industry - paying between 60-70K plus great benefits. If interes…
Love me or hate me, both are in my favor. If you love me, I'll always be in your heart, If you hate me, I'll always be in your mind.
WOO!!!! Thank ya Jesus!!!
Tumblr and co.nr are both currently down please check the new link on our profile to get to the official website remember love not hate
Who else hates wal mart
WOW. My Xbox Live subscription & Comcast just got me full access to HBOGo. All HBO shows (past and present) streaming for free via Xbox.
Listening to the wise words of big bill on the way to dinner
Happy Cinco De Mayo! Come check us out on Federal and 17th! We have bubble hash, new strains, and some of our favorites! No appt. Needed
Such thoughtful tweets for #learnedin2010. Heck, I was just gonna say I #learnedin2010 that I look good in skinny jeans! :o)
Could not happen to a better person!
Starting out early in this cold ass weather at the Dentist. Ugh!
Aerolyn is sick, love those dudes
BUCH wants Ernie Ball endorsement!! Lets help him get that!!
Don't be scared baby I won't drop you
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE KENTUCKY WILDCATS! (Well Done). My bracket didn't do amazing but I picked you to win it all.
Today crackin thou.
#grammylive Its amazing that two pieces of flesh in the throat, the vocal folds, are so important to these artists!
plz follow me
Lots of chocolate happening at Booth 313, Alexander Street Press, 4 pm on Thursday, if you're at ACRL, please come!
pleassee follow me!! you guys are awesome I LOVE YOU!!!! <3 and dont eat all the food in Australia x]
Always smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 13
You can either take it as a way to motivate yourself or be happy with what you've got. ~ Jeremy Bonderman ~
Praise God. Take your time and be ready for me to talk trash during football season :)
how much for a feature?
Everything happens to everybody sooner or later if there is time enough.-- George Bernard Shaw
-- See you in NY I will tell the front desk to tell you my room number
Thanks 4 the info!
&you hear what you want to hear. & they take what they want to take.
people these days are just so self-obsessed and insular with their... portable record players!
Comical watching Mobility CEO Ralph de la Vega on shamelessly plug the latest #Nokia phone in response to qns about the
1st Month FREE, $30/Month for a New Wellness Website - 1st Month FREE, $30/Month for a New Website Includes: UNLIMITED WordPress...
Why do I always dream about the world ending? Way to start the day...Yuck
Finally done writing my final speech!! Hope I do good presenting it tomorrow.
U a wanksta and u need to stop frontin!!!
7 hours of opera in an 18-hour period. Patrick, you are a better man than I.
Easy for consultants to say. Then help stop the shootouts! RT : "Stop giving everything away."
“: Man I missed my nigga nick Fleischmann I love this kid to death. Same life goals etc. we are the same person”
39 seconds let's go!!
Dearborn Truck not in production today in honor of MLK Day holiday; Rouge Tours are still running.
So good to see you too. Thanks for stopping by!
Believe it or not.. I ordered the good health CD for $10 like 2 years ago! It was the son shine album with homemade cases
come study with Hillel! snacks and study rooms for everyone!
thanks back! :)
50 sit ups down! 50 more to go!.
The midget is the baby's daddy.
great advice. Won't be a victim anymore!
don't let Sean Penn hear you say that.
i like what Feherty said about ego coming into play on it though. and we'll see what they have in mind for tees for the weekend
With people investing a lot in home theaters, I think most people would pay more $$ to watch it at home without loud a** people
Every dude should wear a watch.
I can check out a microphone to you at least.
I think that best case scenario, Houston goes on with a draw v. Impact
How can a slim chance and a fat chance be the same?
don't tell me the sky is the limit, when there's footprints on the moon
She might have been a fast machine, but it takes AC/DC a long time to finish an album.
phone lags.. yay
Alright...fine. We'll have wood burning furnace/sculptures designed by beer loving Clark Ashton. He'll be at WBC to toast to the festivities
Tonight at 10pm (DJ Niros) is gunna help work off all that turkey with beats you just can't stop dancing to! Join the party!
Finna make this calc exam my bitch
The future is big for HR Professionals! The economy will do better because we are out of options and have no choice but to succeed.
Am enjoying it so far, but am not that far along yet.
I got something for his ass tho...
I feel The same way about my fuzzy steelers blanket
says the shorts show Sat night by TC fountain is really cool w/ winner "Fant Flying Bks of Mr. Morr Less"
Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose!!! <3
okay good!!! I thought you were still playing! Just making sure :) miss you and hope you get back in the game soon!!
Was on Howard. O&A, ran superbowls for Patriots etc.
Satellite radio-good idea, terrible execution.
The problem with libertarians is that they will never be elected to a powerful office.
im back bitches
Just got back from the drake concert CRAZY he brought out weezy to do the motto hole bay went crazy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Every time I see a tweet, for a moment I think, I need a Dark Angel movie!
Instead of asking, "what's the ROI of social media", ask "What can I get in return"?
I would've liked to have it to, but we lost..now we have to adjust, and get back to what works.
We're set up at the front of Koffee Therapy till it gets warmer, then maybe migrating to back courtyard. Come on by!
Living in LA is like living in Candyland.
Get your brand noticed over and over with our great new #logo screen cleaner for #ipad, #ipod, #blackberry. Contact !
July 30th Revolution (A Beatles Tribute group) performs at The Foellinger Theater in Ft. Wayne, IN. Show time: 8pm.
RT : there's an amazing sense of relief that comes with accepting you can't control everything in life
So upset about this Peyton news.
#hokemm the thought is to make the helmet color closer to the color of the pants. DM for details
So fucking annoyed. No one talk to me
Congrats to on their grand opening today! Way to go guys! ^dr
I'm feeling her but I can't let her control me
Thats scary. Let me kno wht they say so I dnt worry lol.. How u feel better .. <3
what is up with all these families that are so damn attractive popping up out of nowhere dammit!!
you're welcome, glad to be of service...
jim carrey is #unreal as the grinch.
I'd like to be the tin can coating that makes opening less violent.
Film Factory Launches Saturday, November 7th, 2009 at 10:30 AM at Pittsburgh Filmmakers! For more info, go to www.steeltownfilmfactory.org!
I know your joking around- but it's really true
L o l
Please don't be in love with someone else..
How can an injury to your brain cause...injury? Wait a second.
Yeah! Well I'm going to keep requesting! :)
Im thinkin of a master plan :)
Barely got in to Kristina Halvorson's talk on Content Strategy. SRO. 2nd session added for the 130 people who couldn't get in.
i hope you fall into the ocean, and the current leaves you helpless, swimming around. as the waves crash over you until you drown.
36 players left. Just below average. Let's go !!!
I'm ready to play with books! Thank goodness it's almost my "weekend"!
BCAC has 6 interviews with children scheduled today - very busy start to the week, but very real sign of the times.
Tommorow Justin bieber is on Ellen. Everybody watch(: -brooke<3
A resounding Amen.
I need all the luck in the world! Luck be with me this time...
another collection effort i really don't want to go to court.
This is. Gonna be funny as balls
Seriously, there's no need to be so loud when talking on your cell phone, ass!
Man somebody call the IRS, too many lambos Yea I'm talking bottles and blunts, all you can handle
yes!! Him & his blowout lmao I'm excited!! I'll pick you up right after school on Friday ok :)
Dude!that's groovy!
Just realized my dress ain't EVEN mostly white.....oh well lol
Picking my sister up from high school #forever ago
I had to reupload milik mix!
Looks like I'mma just stay in again!! Yall party up tonite!!
"In life, as in football, you won't go far unless you know where the goalposts are." - Arnold H. Glasgow
did justin got the guiness award for holding his breath for a longtime?
but I wonder at the implications of throwing out all the dishes, pots, and pans whenever you love.
do I wear the same thing again? or whatever I want?
3 to 7 Saints. falcons on the 20 yard line...
Just saw Eddie Palmieri at Yoshis with El Negro, Giovanni, David Sanchez and more. If ur lucky a room can levitate. IT DID Latin Alchemy GO!
: For jobs & money for the #deficit & govt programs, please push online #poker legislation in the Senate. Thanks!
-- North Korean President Kim Jong Il has pardoned two U.S. journalists, state-run news agency KCNA said Tuesday.
you're so sweet! Thanks angie! Hope to see you soon!
Who cares about SOPA and Cispa when any site that tries to make money gets destroyed by a Google monopoly?
"...that they create good habits, that they understand you have to sacrifice for each other,
The Eastern Conference is shaping up nicely for the Miami #Heat. I cant see the Hawks,Bulls,76ers, Celtics or Pacers posing a problem.
Loving your twitter feed!!!!
#GazoPa - a similar image search service on the web by Hitachi. Search images on the web based on photos, drawings, images. www.gazopa.com
The quake's origin was det to be a cem just outside DC u know the 1 the Founding Fathers are in they all turned over in graves at same time.
Man I miss Jimmy now that I live in Chicago....made my Friday mornings living in Milwaukee.
shhh they're going to kick you out! you do have facial hair tho, no? i think that counts.
WHY?D;
playground sessions is changing my life. I'd love to work for a company like PGS. "I am aiming to inspire."
Where's everyone at ??
Reminder: Deadline to apply to the #OralHistory MA program is April 15!
When I say JUSTIN you say BIEBER! JUSTIN.....!
jenna hacked.
Team work make a dream work..loyalty
that'll probably be the first song done.. can't wait to start practing!!
dude we need to get a bro tat me u n d ungay
Our very own is playing a full set of her soulful songs at tonight at 7:30! Come on out and enjoy with us.
plucking eyebrows sucks balls ugh! specially when you grab skin instead of hair! >:o
Buck-up man, you only have to wait until Jan 8th while the rest of us have waited months and months.
MOA in a minute with my crew. :)
An interactive Resource Community for actors in the Los Angeles area. Post and read Ratings and Reviews on everything acting.
When i look back, i don't want to remember how badly we ended, i want to remember the good things, the reasons why i love you....
Already watched two great movies this week: 21 Jump Street & The Lorax. Hopefully I'll be adding The Hunger Games to that list this weekend!
These kids keep knocking on this door, its locked for a reason!
Overheard on set: Grip #1: "Vodka" was my nickname in prison. Grip #2: Mine was "Lemon Twist."
Only allowing #windowslivemoviemaker users to save files in .wmv format is the kind of idiocy driving me to buy a Mac.
when you get pulled over after having an amazing night :(
We could never learn to be brave & patient, if there were only joys in the world ~ Helen Keller
just had blue moon barbeque amazing(:
wish I was there!
thanks for the retweet ;-)
RT man. haven't eaten dinner. am i goin on a diet? i guess not. >;p
This #epic day is about to take place.
Im jealous that the seniors are at Cedarpoint!
You should take a little 5-minute break before hitting the books again. No internet, though, or you may not come back at all!
Happy Thanksgiving tweetie pies!!
Just had #lunch with my #daughter whom I #cherish the #time. She is all so #grown up!
I waited 8 long months, she finally set him free, I told him I couldn't lie he was the only one for me</3
Thank you for supporting Kempe and for being a superhero for abused kids!
Goodnight for real! :) God Bless everyone! Love you all!(:
This sunshine motivates me to get back into shape :))
#YouKnowYouveBeenInSchoolTooLong when you highlight in a book you're reading for pleasure
What untraditional wedding dress style would you go for?
Social media is like teen sex, everyone wants to do it, no one knows how-Linda Goldstein
ya it is and k bye
i would have taken you broski </3
I thank you for your steadfast support, Ian.
..So who else doesn't have power STILL? I'm only able to tolerate so many days without electric!
kayyyllllaaaaa im going to die tomorrow morning. Gahh 6am /: too early!
no problem! check out our music? :)
Cool thanks!!! I know most of them!!! We'll do our best to interview them!! :)
Is it just me or have the Minis gotten awfully big?
Assume you are tied up the whole time, but might be able to make it downtown after 4ish if you have any free time.
I just gave half the class gum what do I look like
its a hockey night in pgh!!!
Good to see Jason Hammel back on the mound...hopefully the Orioles actually score runs for him tonight...
superfluous comma, but not an Oxford comma. Oxford comma is the one before the conjunction in lists.
-choppin it up shit don't stop. I wil not Lose.
Happy Birthday Wait. Oh well - happy birthday!
I think my husband is in love with Siri. Guess he has a thing for informative types.
sailed, absorbed; living, questioning ongoing, forever!
Our radar's working overtime with so much great stuff going on right now....all very inspiring!
it was awhile ago I got those bieber cases, maybe they don't have them anymore.
Any juniors teams need a goal scorer let me know. Either NA or J. Looking at the open market, not signed yet.
Now folks sharing war stories about emotions and tech -- lots of frustration/wanting to throw stuff stories.
Lets GO CARDINALS!!!!!!!
The shoe designers these days need a foot in their ass.If 2pac went to foot locker these days he would think it was still 1996 lol.
RT : Upcoming ATA conference: The 52nd annual conference of the American Translators Association is fast......
RT : And don't forget that Brew Dr. kombucha's on tap in our juice bar! We've got White Rose and Spiced Apple Kava.
RT : It's your life. Live it fully. Quit giving a rat's ass about what other people are thinking about you and get on with...
What are you talking about? Are you talking about our* sexy cousin Sammy? LOL we're so weird
Made a chai banana milkshake after lunch. It was like liquid banana bread. So tasty!
My good friend has joined Twitter, after several years of hearing me brag about it: cc:
Glad I'm not the only 1 that noticed
Harry: two bananas for a pound! Zayn: two bananas for a eurrooo! Harry: three bananas for a euro!!! remember this?
only one left!
or crashed in a helicopter...
trippin out on a sunday afternoon
RT : RT : RT It is only by following your deepest instinct that you can lead a rich life ~K. Hathaway
just let them knw its important
Ah, Alex Trebek and your school marm style comments.
Today I Love me.
you guys are Crazy if we dont see on open fight night soon!!! TNA needs Jamin!
#onlyif you knew...
I miss my bitch <3 u
you forgot
there's a lot more this year. There's actually a decent amount of ppl tweeting too.
finishing up writing this song i started last night it just might be the best song i wrote so far
Broncos, GM Brian Xanders part ways (The Associated Press)
What’s an Exquisite Corpse? Come play the game with acclaimed writers 5/4
reasons I love you
so now mississippi can have a team to best up on. A&m was ranked 8th two weeks ago??? Come on man
RT ...being driven to hotel. Chatting to VdV & spot cyclist on autoroute ahead, dressed in full Europcar kit. Looks familiar.
LUCKeSHOPPER shop shop shop and shop some more with LUCKeSHOPPER you always win! Get rewarded for ALL your purchases!!! GET PAID TO SHOP!
Fun to hear POV from some of the agencies on AMC's "The Pitch." Good to know they thought it was a great experience.
I swear I thought I was going to fail stats bcuz my teacher lost my test but NOPE I'm passing! Hella happy right now
Oh hush. I only said it was nice for a person my size. In the real world I have no ass.
you're dead when I see you<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080>
The whole emphasis of our spiritual practice should be aimed at creating positive and healthy thoughts and actions.
Lots of folks want schools to be better...but they don't want them to be different
lol Its All Good
Follow back me,Is Hot related to Watch One Tree Hill Online Episodes
Thanks ! It was a fun night!
"don't knock it till you've tried it" ~ doesn't apply for prison.
I'm guessing we'll get you around 3. And okay sounds good! Love you can't wait ah!
You're welcome to stay with us longer, we'd love to have you! :)
I don't get why anything I've ever done or said should shock people, but I guess I'm just not easily shocked.
Still time to drop in and craft a gift for Mother's Day! All day until 5 then Craft Swap 5-7!
Listening to some Sean Price.
done with this champagne campaign, time to get some work donee I gotta make money to stay off the streets
Apparently its tantrum wednesday, if my toddler has one more, I may just have one too. If you can't beat em join em, right?
Yup, looks like the Heat will take Game 1. David Stern claps and nods for approval.
At #DrDog with an extra pair of free tix. Who wants?
That is some FIERCE Duct tape, sir.
yours as well. Nd u top. Thank you.
So office people, if you thought that "staying up" for the Super Bowl was an excuse for not going to work, you thought wrong.
DST ends 2am Sunday. Don't forget to turn back clocks one hour. And change the batteries in your smoke detectors.
Stimes dehydration is mistaken for hunger but not this time ,, !! I should make an attempt to wash my grubby azz
Good Morning Logan! “: Good morning!”
Why on God's green Earth is Chuck Barkley dressed like a woman? Some things you can't unsee.
yes - it is Sunday only at 1286 Folsom. Original venue fell through. However there will likely be sponsored antics Sat.
Happy Hour!!!
Sol Hurok~ Get pleasure out of life...as much as you can. Nobody every died from pleasure.
WELCOME TO CRYSTAL LAKE! Living Each Day Like It Was Our Last SInce 1980.
Call me
thanks Michael! I appreciate that! Looking forward to reading your writing. gkb
choked up, grateful & glad. thanks,
Among invitees to the White House Correspondence dinner Sat: George Clooney, Reese Witherspoon, Diane Keaton, Viiola Davis, Daniel Day-Lewis
Finding the best usage of my time; anyone have any sources on how best to develop a work process when it comes to freelancing?
I want to start glitter-bombing everyone I see with a Tapout sticker on their car.
More water in general! Stretch and massage! Also turmeric and CoQ10 as a supplement.
bored, watching JB youtube videos. i have a life (:
I wonder what they are serving for dinner at the #goldenglobes ?
Am P Okla him John's
DT is that a S/O to ur fellow Blue Hen Joe Flacco???
yeah! It's so much fun! Kind of an open jam!
Texas, but in a couple of months I am moving to Gorgia!:|
Been listening to In Flames with the husband tonight!
Now you're reminding me that I need another excuse to go to and get some brisket. My hunt for ribs continues.
I hope u guys had a wonderful day today... I have! And I'm so tired so....... goodnight!
I try not to live up to expectation... I just do what I think I can do. ~Danica Patrick
Good Luck today.
take a picture first, then call
Shows Fri and Sat at The Crossroads went great! My good friend from hs is actually booking our band at The Crossroads! Small world!
Its way too nice out not to go for a run.
What a goal!
Im amazing not a groupie. I make shit happen yo! haha
awesome! You should! :)
ipads are bad for peoples souls
After a quick demo of some tools, currently brainstorming about ideas for #dpla hackathon. (a "more like this" option?)
That Zumba commercial is still seductive to me ....please don't judge me
na (; RT I'd be a bad ass black guy doe!”
The heart holds answers the brain refuses to see. ~ Kall
Believes that every great idea begins with "Hold my beer and watch this"
I reaaaaaalllllly wish I had an iPhone.
in Brooklyn!
beast for miami baby!
Heading to & ’s call-in event to answer questions from NYers seeking help w/ immigration & citizenship issues
We're live tweeting from Brands with Benefits: Hooking Up with Good Deals
WTF are you talking bout
I need to modify my friends...hahha
Just did a belly dancing workout...lol n man my abbs really tired
you might get a laugh out of this :)
"Coach Frank, he believes. He's like the Tebow of coaches." --
Had a great time at the Celebration of the Arts Program at the High School tonight. Son sang in choir & played in Chamber Orchestra.
I'M PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN!!! WE WILL NEVER FORGET!!! 09/11/2001
Ongoing: Rethink the things you think.
It gets deep nigga!
may be next week, LOL. What's up?
ready 2 get beat in soccer
I think it's patchy.
#26HOURS till #BOYFRIEND #26HOURS till my birthday!
#taxi #cab #sxsw #tip Electric Cabs look like golfcarts on steroids and we want to hook you up with a ride Downtown
good what about yourself ?
The sun is shining and it's a great day to salute the sun with a noon class. A great class that will add to your weekend enjoyment.
RT : I started running (at 37!!) to impress my husband! So glad I did >> awesome!
My roof is leaking too.
Megan Styles(: or Megan Payne(:
if you have some examples from your professional life to share illustrating the ease with and success it can bring
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history - with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila.
Having the heaters on in my car...
this tweet is so provocative lol
Great Minds Think Alike RT : photo montage plays & features photos from this year’s campaign set to ‘Seasons of Love.’
It's not even similar to car.
Have questions about Peyton Manning's neck surgery. Ask Dr Won at Facebook.com/zerospinepain Or Facebook.com/SpineDrWon
"It's nights like these that just make me want to blow all my money on drugs."
- yes! I am very excited as it's my first mixer!
Flook, that is
Amanda Ashley coming up soon on The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz!
Met the legendary today at SXSW. He's incredibly charming and pleasant. Smart goes without saying.
Talk about a full day! Started with a great #smbmad and following up with the workplace diversity and leadership summit
alot of those pics on facebook...good thing i'm private
I'm pretty sure the dabbawallah system can't be improved upon.
You can't just say "And X was there too, but he doesn't do anything and he doesn't have any lines."
FOLLOW ME PLEASE :) IT WOULD BE AMAZING IF YOU GUYS DID :) imma have a Minnie heart attack if you followed XD
your on punishment this wknd....
#DontGiveUpOnYou there's so much for life to offer<3
Can't wait to get my daily laugh from mrs isacs.
friends come and go but karma is there forever.
Does anyone have hair clippers I can borrow? Need to cut the flow
off-menu cocktail.
I cant wait for The Crossing on Saturday night(:
It sounds like someone's vacuuming in here.
worst. night. ever.
Nissan launches new sedan for global sale
Werd up!! RT : Wouldn't mind hitting up tonight haven't been there in a minute
Tomorrow is last day of work & I will be off to the East Coast for 2 weeks! NYC, DC and Boston for all the good reasons! #Art&Revolt
Being the mature person I am. I thought I left this all bullshit behind in the past. But clearly "what's behind me is still in front of me"
It's going to be hard to fill Paul Plishka's shoes @
~!*Reach for the stars and if you don't grab 'em..at least you'll fall on top of the world*!~ Send ur requests now 2 !!!
Fri the 13th is a good day for spooky stories. About the old days when we hoarded, tried to one-up the neighbors and forgot the environment.
aye hoe ! i think nbdy wants to read yo crap! "blah im short"
which one I cant see it
Wear jeans everyday and nobody cares, wear the same shirt twice in a row and your suddenly homeless and poor in the eyes of everyone
“: People who work later at night tend to gain more weight.” do you think studio counts
#Bears D is on Shut Down mood for the one!!
both/and, Kellie, both/and...
pointed out that I forgot to mention that his teacher is the drummer of Don Juan y Los Blancos. HA!
Heart. Hustle. Grit. Grind. If we go at OKC with those four things, we cannot lose regardless of what the final score reads.
The N&O estimates 30,000 employers in NC have no Workers' compensation coverage. Have you checked with the NCIC to verify your coverage?
listened to that all day yesterday... felt like i was falling asleep inside of a dream inside of Urban Outfitters
looking for 330 more followers PLEASE FOLLOW ME XD
Thank you for the supoort that you give to the community and us all --Dr. Cynthia Harris--
We'll be doing that again! RT: “: Great Time with !! Glad you like the New one "The Whole Damn Thing"
Hi, Darwin. Nice to "meet" you. Sending you a virtual dog treat!
Gonna meet Larry Flynt for my birthday! Stoked!
Klout's on krack, yo. They now say I'm influential about being Jewish.
You filming something somewhere?
Morning Rockstars! > The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it. - Marcus Aurelius
I'm alive. Hard to find time to tweet amidst so much awesome.
just changed it
Good morning peeps !! What's for breakfasts ? I'm craving for a coffee in this foggy day !
some day I may upgrade my pc to enjoy games such as #Diablo3 , #Starcraft , etc but it won't be for awhile
Go Sox I'm tired, let's win!
M Ghostland Observatory.
it is a sad reality that I am shocked so few admit -- MLB is becoming culturally irrelevant. Boxing died. Baseball is next.
Good morning beautiful faces
Thanks for visiting us again! Hope you had fun!
I rely on tweets 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad.
should favor this just because I <3 him (:
I would but u didn't send me anything
No matter where I go, I always end up vintage clothes/accessories shopping. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0092>
U won b4 you even showed up 2nite. From Becker 2 S.W.A.T. 2 Flypaper 2 The Help & Tons in between. U won my heart long ago
Thanks, Tarak. Hope you have a fun, relaxed day. :)
Steve Youngs suckage tonight really comes into perspective when I'm hoping he shuts up so Mel Kiper of all people can speak
biking is beautiful!!!!
I love Oscar too!!!!!
I never do any work in math!:b
Some of my best friends are fuckbuddies.
you are funny, just thought id let you know.
#ihatemondays because they are so far from friday...
Why, yes it is! :D In other news, bears do certain things in the woods! RT : Um - is it an election year?
RT : Good morning from Sedona; Good Morning from CT!
oh you think its a game. Want even brush my teeth with they water. Loll
Wow! The excitement around 3D 'rapid tech' here in Bmore is amazing! Huge interest in our 3D capabilities especially ShapeShot for 3D faces!
Just thought you should know...I'm thinking of all of you wonderful people today, thank you for being my friends and amazing customers
On the #4 bus headed home. Long day. Thank you drivers!
I consider myself an animal lover, but I will pound the shit out of a beaver!!
o yea tell issa to follow me back i tweeted him
S-curved career paths: plateaus and tapering off means it's time to learn something new.
Rocks Found At Trestles Beach Ignite In Woman's Pocket KGTV San Diego SAN ONOFRE,Calif How rocks collected from a southern Orange beach....
": I want a bed that has a tv that comes up when you press a button" don't we al!
Pretty good, actually. He actually worked on JLo's Fiat video, which was aired during the Super Bowl.
Well this is odd. PHX-NSH is on CNBC. So the longer NYR-WSH goes OT, the more of this I can watch b4 they switch to the channel I don't get
Exactly 1 week from today...we will be flying to Austin for yet another year as the official presentation provider for SXSW!
My Boy who I played ball with is a Pastor now....I just joined his church!
Home tip of the week: When unclogging double-sinks, block one drain with a towel or rag to prevent backsplash!
naked ppl <3 .
I'm not him, so can't answer for him but I'm pretty sure it was cuz of sampling rights
Don't forget to Check-in with #FifeFlowers on Facebook to recieve your #free #rose!
Homecoming tailgate on 3 hours sleep? Sign me up.
Haven't had the opportunity to try it. Thanks for the tip. RT : It's easy to do with Storify.
This shots getting boring..
I'm checking with the various platforms whether this would delay the next user getting the book
haha. This is why you do smoke. That text message, made my day.
Great to meet you. If you ever want to talk grade tools, hit me up. :)
whats your favorite song? :)
Waiting flew the bus. Ugh, its fucking lagging it, Imma be late to school. -.-
I can't stand his stupid dunks
My mom said the guy I like is using me. Cuz he slept with me and hasn't texted me since..should i assume he's busy or just a man whore?
Thanks for the article. Good basic primer for people just getting into UX.
BELLADERMA BEAUTY BENEFITS 2012 Annual Membership ONLY $50! Call now for details & save on all your skin care needs.
Tweet us a picture when you all get your doughnuts! We would love to see you enjoying your sweet treats!
Keep people in your life that truly love you, motivate you, encourage you, and inspire you.
Happy Wednesday! Hope you're having a great week so far!
long ways to go bro!!!
just starting her #2020workplace presentation & it is fantastic!! Cc
Just because I don't text you first or talk to you, don't mean I'm not thinking about you.
No school tomorrow!!!!!! :D
"When darkness veils the world, four Warriors of Light shall come."
When he no longer blames others for his failures & can forgive those who have hurt him w/o making others pay for their mistakes
I can hardly wait. This trip is going to he magical!!!
New episode of eastbound and down
All t-shirts on sale!
RT : Dear #SEIU members, it will be free transportation back to Chicago and LA, buses will wait by all major inters. in
I like it! I think I'm going to do Carmen Sandiego, which should be sufficient nerdy.
well change that please...:))) right on thick mama
Couldn't have said it better myself!!!!
Where you invest your love, you invest your life.
Bout to shoot this little video at I'd labs ...
Working at Cuatros tonight! Come say hi to your favorite waitress (;
Catalina Island on Saturday. She loved it.
Such an amazing day! <3 :)
There is no such thing as a little garlic.
The Artist, awesome concept, beautifully photographed but ... Best Picture..,????
RT : We are so excited for our #Mother's Day Tea party tomorrow in #Greenwich, CT. We hope to see you there!
i didn't think you'd be able to go, so i didnt ask (x
What does it actually mean to develop the patience of a saint? I think I'm close, but objective metrics would be useful.
i feel like i xan run like 10 miles right now!! im so up
If you have the skout app please fix your head.
This is my first visit to twitter so I'm just trying to find out what it is all about.
please play "So Many Girls" by
A lot smarter then your average bear.
I have blonde streaks but should I get the highlights or the red highlights in my hair retweet or text meh
You make me laugh
Omg how do I go to ustream so that I could see austines amizing face!!!!lol <3 seriously how do I??o_0
Now following follow back:)
sorry for your loss brit!! :( feel better
Love Alicia Keys'
Each man will be at a different school. I'll be at George Washington Elementary #33. DM your email for the mentor info.
Dear Lord, thank you for blessing me with my husband For he is more than I deserve & more than I could have ever dreamed of!
: youu a dumb ass.
New Post: Emma signs with Coast to Coast. www.stagemomma.wordpress.com
Raiders break up the pass on 4th & 8
why are you yelling
<3 RT : Happy new years to my big cuzzin
Cph waiting 4 the attica 40 yrs later presentation talk of jobs or lack thereof by presnters
I guess I don't exist after like 8 on weekends. Okay.
#VampireLife . We never sleep!
bumpin some usher
: I just hate violence in sports when it s not part of game.
RT : "relationships, not transactions."
I have 100 followers and now 102 tweets. Thank you , , for the follows!
There's another Chancellor's Game Day party coming up tomorrow, rain or shine. It'll probably be cold, so bring a blanket.
a big thank you to everyone who participated in the 47th Ward Cleanup on Saturday!
that's more than my Jax job paid...
Some of yall be making the same damn mistakes.
Lego's. Awesome time since its conducive to talking, creating, thinking, challenging and no tv.
Is it weird I like to stand in front of my mirror and make #awkward faces at myself?(:
tickets go on sale soon !
my hs homecomin friday no car n my sis wanna go to famu homecomin saturday. talkin bout do i REALLY wanna go to states -___-
omg your background....omg. i cant. <3 asdkjsadhashkashdahsd
If you only really want 3 hours of energy, what portion of a bottle of 5 hour energy should you consume?
Watching The Business of Being Born. My interest in having a midwife had been sparked.
duh , where at ?
Let it be
Hahahaha nice! I'm at a loss, I like em both!!
if im fake to u then its probably cause im real and your fake/iwilltake that proposal......so ure just another fake friend......peace out2..
#HarrysLaw was the only legal show still airing I liked... but I wont miss it
Thanks Mike!
RT: : Giving away #SevenSprings lift tickets to new members tonight! We'll be outside the #Pitt Union!
:( This makes me ANGRY!! Is that why no one has anything closer than section 4? Or what? That effin blows!
oh well that explains it lol I didn't know that, that's crazy tho...I spent a lot of time n Franklin co, my cuz from there
Wow, I just realized I moved 30 days ago. Time truly is an illusion.
DNS change complete... moving to faster wifi to finish up and then we will launch just a little bit later this afternoon!
" Hey I just added you to my Mafia Family " WTF ???!! I don't give a Fuck if you did OR not ;D
Shouldve Told Me Your Self You Son Of A Bitch.
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 27
alright guurrl!(: can't wait!
If my mom loves me she's write me a check
Hope everyone has a productive day!
awesome! Reason to awesome to share on twitter. Will tell u tomorrow. But I think u might be my "jenine" .
My mother always told me if you cant say anything nice, dont say anything at all...and some people wonder why I'm so quiet around them. Hmm
I miss you already!!!!! =/ But I'll see you again on Friday!!!! :D
aww thanks for the shout out! ;)
and Blazers, and Timbers, and... other things WE ALL LOVE!
Ha! Curious if your love of WWF has waned or if it's just me.
I forgot what snow was like--it's been ages! That's what living in coastal California does to people...
haha any chance of a second place prize?
Yes...I meant You & I. :) It invovles us & maybe the boys! :) x
And we pretty much amazing! “: Chiddy Bang!!!”
#FamousLies He Did It
Subaru Details BRZ Coupe Development In New Video - The Motor Report
- 60 Minutes has a profile/interview of Rahm Emanuel! So timely and original!
This is just crap that you can hear one in every 5 words
MJ - YOU ARE NOT ALONE
I think Rose is still my favorite Companion.
time to work on some remixes !
What cannot be measured cannot be managed .... Dr. Aspasia Camarga at Eye on Earth
Just taking pinholes
Dammit I hate this spell check on the iPod /:<
not every night but many nights!
I need to pray.
curious - are you two sisters??
A test and packing filled day. (null) My day via
Florida or Mexico it is. We'll have to avoid hurricanes, though. ;)
try the design and ya might stick with it- remember the reason you picked the name in the first place and it might b worthit
Boy boy boy. How ready i am to move out
Another day worshiping
im taking over your house tonight man.
This girl came in the library smelling like a pound..
Name 52 of them Ana. ;)
thanks collin. I am patiently waiting for my phone interview and surpressing the urge to cough. it's good times all around.
Tune into tonight from 9-11 for 's Fall Arts Festival w/ HMS Pinafore & a segment from Artown's Beth Macmillan.
Thank you to everyone who came out last night!
Get your head in the game...we're not GOING to Havasu, we're just writing a 200 page ppr about it! ;)
Ghonim at Harvard speaking on the Arab Spring: the Internet can mobilize and organize for change.
I got to think, drink and pray on this one! Kenny Lloyd AMC lol
Ironically, gerontologists do 2 things well. Extend life expectancy and then ignore social policy consequences.
Did you have a good time?! =)
The rest of the month...will be at New Gideon tomorrow and Antioch in Brusly next Sunday...and I want an ICEE today...lol
Ready for ?
My Finn may be yours! U have the same beautiful brown eyes & delightful freckles! You inspire me Jyl - all the time!
A torrent had carried us fromone sea to the other
Most of are blatant ripoffs. Apparently the most common design trend of 2011 was plagarism
Strengthen yourselves so that you will live here on earth doing what God wants, not evil things people want."
so next great idea is a chip inside their skin, correct? Because I can think of 10 ways kids will work around this. God...
As of rite now I really don't like my momma she starting to highly piss me off
My heart maybe breaking, my makeup is flaking, but my smile is still on.
OLD is BOLD, and BOLD is GOLD.
"If there were no such thing as eating, we would have to invent it to save man from despairing." ~Dr. Wilhelm Stekhel
Pacquiao vs. Mayweather: 10 Reasons Pretty Boy Is Scared to Fight Pac-Man
im going!!!
it's a pun :P KyleSTOCK -> get STOCKed ;)
- How many days is it now?
You're a good man.
going to the deli and it's closed. <<<<
Alex Pettyfer as Finnick? NO. Why does everyone think that guy could play everyone? *Dies*
"Said she'd be there forever, no matter what's the weather She'd always have my back even when we weren't together" I'll Be There.Mac Miller
Wow, I know of four people who are going to see The Avengers instead of Dark Shadows this weekend. I do want to see it. But, Avengers!
THANKS, Eric Cohen, WAER!"Can't thank you enough for sending your new holiday record. Jews & Christians alike will love it! Thrilled to add"
Going by what it says in the invite... is it wrong?
That was kind of a let down.
lol i didnt even notice that
Oh Jesus!! Maybe you boys should be getting paid. 50-0?
Iconic viyz #TypeICONicBoyzWithoutLooking LOL I Tried My Best. i Swear. i Didnt Cheat.
OMG POTATOES ARE THE BEST.
ha ... that was kindof my thoughts too ... !
Don't mind the browns picking Weeden actually. He is 3 years older than McCoy but he can come in right away and play. We can use him
Thanks to beatwriter for joining for the 1st time to preview #MarlinsvsMets series that begins tonight in NY.
DOES THIS MEAN WE CANT HANGOUT THERE?
His wife is a Mormon. Apparently his father-in-law is a big LDS Scholar.
Wow. That's hardly fair.
cum on man. King James aint gon let that happen
haha never hit but u my nigga the long way
People who abuse hashtags/pound signs >>>>> seriously, it's/you're fucking dumb
oh that's good that it is working properly now.
Everybody breaking up before Valentine's haa y'all cheap asses smh
A freeze warning? Are you kidding me. It's almost may.
I want Her!
I have 2 sons. I don't care who you are, you let something like that happen you're OUT. Criminal to stand by & let that happen
...just gave me a reason to stop caring and trying.....
An ear of corn contains 80% water.
do you have any idea what I can do with sourdough starter, tonight?
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 33
Movie time
American pie eww
lol sure you are
At the "insights Into GE panel"-is business inherently social?
I need a fix but not a cookie fix.
#Replay #Milwaukee may be one of the worst bars ever.
With my buddy at his show miami improv!
ouch!! That isn't good!
me too!
"I enjoy a tired and emotional as much as anyone". classic #quote!
i don't know, but it can get truly annoying especially when I'm halfway through the song begore I make the connection.
": well DON'T YELL AT ME SOFT ASS NIGGA !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>" Tiny hush up.. You asked I told! Haha
This weekend was absolutely perfect. I am the luckiest girl.
well. tonight i guess i'll be missing american idol due to my mother. someone will have to fill me in later. -.-
I hate sitting next to this man when he eats.
- Hey David. You know gumby? aka Darren? Tell him Don from the old Bristol skate park days says WHADDDUP?!
We are doin the damn thang low key.....you'll see us public in a few
"This basketball matchup is for a younger team, wouldn't you say?'
lol shit just started coming to me, had to run with it!
this girl is officially OFF. THE. MARKET. (the job market, that is.)
Party all day, AM to PM.
I'm just exciting that after what seems like a decade of this fucker, the era is coming to a close. Thank god!
If you eat something and nobody sees you eat it, does it have any calories?
#MUSICNEWS Whitney Houston's daughter stars in reality TV series
AUSTYYYYYYY BABY IS MY NICKNAME FOR like it? ;)
someone is getting lucky :) have fun
they are ! and when i see cute ones im like awww(:
Love is a condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
There are two types of people: those who divide the world into halves and those who don't.
Aye, it is pretty awesome, but I'll be more impressed if that line holds together enough to bring it here at home!
Holy balls. They sound so....so....perfect.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook - When people hate on Justin Bieber. omfg.
MT SFGiants are wearing their jerseys in honor of
thanks sarah!!
Any woman who wears heels everyday is a friend of mine. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I jus had a cookie w/ an oreo in it, great way 2 start the day
SKINS FEST wraps up summer youth film workshops.Thnx to IML at USC for camera, mic, boom and laptop. couldn't be done without your help
Still at OPACY this might never end
were your Uncle Conrad and Aunt Ginny millionaires?
lmao I swear I was shitfaced the whole weekend and yeah definitely just Hmu
$GWSC stands for Green Wind Solar its on the OTCBB
when r u going?
Thanks for the heads up. Looks like my 745 followers know I like Korean pop music.
hey everyone, make a difference in the life of a #poor #Romania #mother and help her provide for her family: www.sperantsa.com
The most provocative name in the industry...CG Philosophie- The Cerebral Approach to Fitness.
do you have any modeling projects coming up soon?
putting the mortal kombat theme on external laptop speakers, then I'm gonna watch a bunch of videos of girls making out while I sit in a bar
The world can be a very big place, so be yourself don't get out of place.
congrats to for the 7.9 pitchfork review of his new album. Been listening to it for a while, so good.
To it feels so good outside. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
This is great news! RT : Board voted 5-0 to approve MOU with Youth Challenge Academy. Wayne bridges called it a win-win.
BC up 2-0 over #UMD in the Northeast Regional Hockey Finals--2 period
yeah lol she got mad cause i said i was a Kobe fan
What's going on twitterverse? Today has some interesting global trending topics huh?
my sister just had a baby boy, his name is Liam Thomas and he is perfect!
I love you so much. asdfghjkl. <U+2665>
Impressed w/freshness & size of Iggle sub. But PLEASE just put marinara on touchscreen so every time isn't a special order! :-)
Join us Friday for '80s Night, as we celebrate like it's 1989!
Black Ops 2?! Omg freaking out. I became insanely addicted to Black Ops. I'm talking 23 hour gaming sessions w/ n00bz.
so texts work! Almost there!
Happy Valentines Day & to those in relationships who forgot what today was, your welcome...
Not bad! Better Us! We'd just be able to draw a stick figure with another stick in his hand and call it his broom : )
only a few days til you get it from
I don't know. But don't trunk-cook chicken in the crockpot. That'll make you sick.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that not a real friend.
okay thanks for telling me
myrtle beach today possible with the coolest white boy ever! lol
welcomes new Fellows today: Dr. Madge Dresser of the Univ. of the West of England and Steve Scott of George Mason Univ.
Glad the armband made it. Wear it proudly (sadly? madly?) Monday night!
Haha! I know, its my first week on twitter
Just got to the arena to prep for tonights Bucks/Bulls game, hopefully everyone here isn't from or for Chicago tonight!
There's something magical about laying in bed with your kids and listening to the rain. Uh...and tweeting, too. Heh.
Reaching out to mothers in need with care & compassion.
whatever(: im call you!
Rower Kate's amazing fashion makeover - Belfast Telegraph
Thanks! Have a wonderful weekend :)
do you like cauliflower, sweet potato, squash, pumpkin. What do you want to bring?
Played at least twenty games the last two days
Love the creativity of your photos.
At the movies watching twilight! Lol out of the moment!
lmao love our duets!
Mr Saxobeat where are you? I think I need you.
im having a bad day..it would really make me happy if you replied back or followed me! you are my vINSPIRATION
he hits you...lol...
First time? Trib never sent you to Chi-town?
lmfaoo I know! I found it!
SO yeah
why are we skipping meals!?!
Funny how things change
‘Criminal Minds’ boss: I begged Paget Brewster to stay. Plus, scoop on Emily’s ‘proper exit’
Anyone wanna see some screenshots of the video?
BREAKING NEWS---Petrino to coach Saints, beginning Monday
Hi! Do I know you? You dont recognize me? No? It's me the girl you love!Ooh could you remove the make up because I love you for who you are.
I'm comin home today ;) hmu lets chill this week
Watch us on 7news with Colfax Community Network - they've got 40++ runners!
#March6The6th Love the single.... Can't wait 4 the Album and young Noah is great beats
I think he talks more sh&t when he's up against some of his rival reps. I wonder what he'd say against a dem.
Thanks for using ShowClix Caroline! Have a Happy Holidays and wonderful NYE!
U better be up makin my money .... LOL
Http://www.saintclairclothing.com
Three cheers for Website didn't charge me for checked bag, and they didn't let me pay in person when I tried. Woohoo!
Yooo, Sleepy ! Put God before everythinng & everyone !
R U coming to #NEHA2012AEC? What session R U excited about attending?
“: Cinco de Mayo Sale! All yarn 15% off! Intarsia class at 4 pm. See you @ the knitting nest!”
I always spell Venezuela wrong... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
First concert for me? Lollapallooza with Pearl Jam, Soundgarden, Chili Peppers, ministry. Awesome
prima where are u working at now ??
Probably not me.
“: Taurus - gets what they want, when they want it. #RTIfs”
There's a lot of shit going on and now I'm getting the blame for someone who is hacking me and stalking me all over the place :(
Im so dumb
bout to walk in right now 15 min wait
Forget EMP and solar flares. Where is the book format that will survive the end of the universe? A topic for TOC2012?
I will my friend
Oh North Carolina.
they were saying you want to go to a big market team but doubt you'll turn down 80mil from the bucks bro.
Living in Chicago over a decade, just now discovering niftiness of Bourgeois Pig's tea selection
: It was a whole lot of work. I know that she wanted a party versus a traditional funeral,
Ok, camping for war on drugs. Andrew wk is here and doing some weird shit.
Inspired! Pitcher of Margaritas! Boom. #FeelingIt :-)
Hey everyone, this is the real Please welcome him to Twitter :) #Packers # LombardiLegend
The sounds of julian bashmore...and more wine... Feelin' very londony rt about meow!
Use your brain. Say no to religion!
& I was like "Foster!" & he was like "Im Jacob" & I was like "oh" & he was like "yeah" & then it was just awkward so I walked away
A good Boyfriend can't fix all your problems, but he can promise you won't face them alone
Part of that didn't make since... but once you have your M-endorsement, we should rent motorcycles.
Green flag is underway in the Aaron's 499.
The Jeans Whisperer will be opening a new store location! Will keep you posted...
just laying in bed, hbu?
Hey tosh ... put down your girlfriends purse
doing my #TransformationalDeclarations while running this morning:) love it! "My biggest dreams are manifesting right now!"
Thanks Stanton!
you're the best<3
GM. I can completely see why Kobe would get so frustrated with the front office and Shaq. He feels like his effort is being wasted
Follow this epic band please :D
Hi - any word on whether there are weekday lunchtime rides?
Check out our website, www.ubakpsi.org
A Girl Gotta Spa - or a Girl Just Got Have Fun Cyndi Lauper- www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
Yeah, we wanted to not have descrips/stories included, make people think about them, but want to make sure everyone "gets" them 2
I love you for you<3 forever and always(:
Haha I took a nap and I'm just more tired..
I wonder if Johnny Depp and Madonna grew up in the same part of England??
pull'n out the red & white bat bike... smoke clears... faces screwed...
Kicking off a new series this week. Looking at what the Bible says about satisfaction. Don't miss: centralonline.tv
you know I'm down
Nope, no chance. Someone call me afterwards.
Ga peaches welcome #gacollegereunion at #mansionelan this friday
last starring role! (I had to wiki that shit)
We are pretty sure that #SENIORWEEK at had something to do with it. Those #seniors rocked out last night!
John L. Smith reports in the RJ- DW Bistro to move Downtown to the old Andre's location on 6th and Andre Rochat. Time to change the St name!
Still under the weather. Managed to make it to my coaching session and NACWE event. Hoping I adjust to medicine soon.
Boy: Send me a picture. Girl: Of what? Well bitch since you gone give me a option you should already know what's coming next right?
Wow what a shot
S/O To All my New Followers Im Sure you All Have some Great things going on in You Career Welcome to #Teamambition U KIDDIN ME?
Hello how are you? can't wait to see you in miami! Follow me
Oh good another follower with zero tweets!! Why is she even wearing a dress? I'm sure the web address in her bio is legitimate!!
The European Union has ratified the use of the rosé wine labelling term, White Zinfandel, following lobbying by the WSTA and Diageo.
Hey! Any chance we could connect in regards to doing an interview for our business show on campus? Appreciate it! :)
I maybe a rye beer.
Exactly! Pepsi, not Coke. Target, not Walmart. Jesse Jackson, not Al Sharpton. Wait...
I enjoyed doing 21 confessions about me, turn ons and turn offs anything else direct message or tweet me
Insider tip: If you put song lyrics on Facebook and I even vaguely recognize them, I'm gonna give em a Like.
I loveyou please notice &follow me(been trying for 2yrs),&very excited about #BOYFRIEND aaahhhhh oohh myy Bieber #4DAYS :-D 7
I love Brandy!
Solis Energy's Power HotSpots will be deployed around the track at the 12 Hours of Sebring race saturday
thanks for the follow. How are our friends doing?
Somewhere Kevin Plank is smiling as these Nike & Adidas guys are wearing Under Armour track jackets in their ESPN highlight videos
Animal prods cause more damage than [producing] construction minerals such as sand or cement, plastics or metals.
Heading to Waterloo to watch some USHL action. Fingers are crossed that I don't get caught in a white out.
u be saying some real shit in yo tweets
NO ONE WANTS YOUR FUCKEN EGG ROLL KATHY!
ACTIVITY! I finally got it!
I never get jealous when I see my ex with someone else, because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate.
Good luck to both of them! Next Cane in...
Crazy people mann.
...the sweet smell of burning engine oil. I think it's time for a new car.
second half is underway in Boulder 20-10 CU
I used to love catching a glimpse of that bike! That's a good neighborhood.
you must be very proud to be the buffalo bills of the MLS. Doubt you were 1 of the 50 there at the stadium to see such flopping
Good Morning Tweetville :)
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 98
Yo son Steve Kerr is so a-non-ing right now STFU!!
Planning to visit mom later today - just like I do every Sunday.
u ain't wrong bout that...only if people like us came around more often, music a prolly b a better place
just leaving Honolulu and on the way to Hilo!
My train of thought is that the #Grizzlies should be leading this series!!!! But what do I know?
is hitting the nail on the head. Follow him for a great leader in this space.
Mother's Day Weekend is still on track to be the warmest yet of 2012. Low 80s today, upper 80s Sunday, and 90 on Monday!
Automatic/timed syncing of Google Spreadsheet to Google Fusion Table achieved...
It's in the county, but only a very small percentage. Not even close to the whole county this time.
You see alexis, I was telling you no, I will not shut diagonal. Stupid!
Make the world a better place, be fair, be virtuous.
you can cook for me any day!
So church today AND tomorrow! This poor musical theatre student thanks you! See you there
When someone hurts you or leaves you with any reason, the best revenge is to live better.
"start doing things that aren't in the long term interest of the country..." like, say, contempt of Parliament?
Thanks for the follow, Monty Congratulations and all the best with your new book!
I'd say, "tie up all your loose ends," b/c it's satisfying, but that's the thing I'm trying to avoid. Wanna switch?
I can hear listening to Rihanna over there
My idol jokes on her own bra size.......... like a boss.
I think I might have just managed to save my job for a little while longer.
hey go check your facebook messages asap...i'll b at work till 4:30 so hurry
What term(s) do you like | prefer: eScience, xInformatics, Data-Intensive Science, cyber-infrastructure? Why?
Yes. RT : I keep saying this. Even if you only type, write, smudge or think of one word today, then that's better than none.
and now becomes friends with please
Open mic question: how is your technology relevant to bridging the digital divide?
Hope all of our #finalfour friends are enjoying our beautiful #nola weather this weekend.
UK is in the Final Four for second straight year. No going on Broadway celebrating because we expect to be there.
RT : I hope Schmidt and Kucinich will co-host a TV show next year.
Only if it included several replays of the Taiwanese video recreation where he got whacked w/ a golf club by Elin
that's weird. It works for me.
Alberta foster-care supervisor faces child porn charges - Vancouver Sun
Mopping the floor this AM ... Plyos
Happy Birthday Muhummad Ali yesterday.
Thanks for the follow. Mention and we'll direct message you a promotional code.
Howdy sweetie! Saw that X-ray. You're a real trooper. Hope you're feeling stronger every day. I'm rooting for you! :)
Hope you like the new Exciting Stories Facebook page!
Home from tour last nite and Jaymz and Flemball are laying down more vocal tracks right now! Keep movin', heshers!
Haha yay! And you got your picture...
Been at the galleria the past two days along with shaq, weezy, and drizzy. Its called the #syrupcity for a reason
will do Dana...probably be a little bit.
Merry Christmas to Everyone!!!
I really need to get back up on my tweeting
all you fake bitches can stay out my face!
Walking through the halls of Seth's work. There's an alien cyborg walking around in a bra & panties. Has there been a take over?
I'm addicted to Grey's Anatomy..so what.
Even though me and on another page I still fucks with Shawty regardless
wow this needs to happen
you know I was watching(:
In the studio for a session :)
Why doesn't anyone in my company believe my ideas on how to make money? I know what I'm taking about!
u are the thunder and i am the lighten
So, if there never was, how will there ever be? I'm with you...stop wishing, get creative, use what works, change...
IPhone V.S. Android???? apple makes everything, android makes phones.... IPhone wins!!! RT if you agree!
Change it to Richard.
Doing nothing all day
What you say in that first sentence of your press release is much more important than how it's laid out or what kind of paper stock you use.
Anyone have a gently used iPhone for sale?
I feel like hittin somebody in dey dam mouth
I love basketball (LA Clippers is my team) and football (cincinnati bengals) those are my sports lol
Visiting #RhinoRecords in Claremont. This place is outrageous. They get it!
Cliff Lynch's opening plenary will begin soon in Renaissance West.
Got my first homerun !! (:
can u follow me on Keek?!: elizabethcb. I love u so so so much<U+2665> .
It's like CONGRESS is filled with Bullies & Cowards, or knee-jerk reactionaries at best. Damn.
Ship Me (: & I'll ship you
Decent start to the 2nd half for KU.
CHUBBY'S BBQ haha
Did a little pre production work at rehearsal tonight. We're absolutely stoked to get back in the studio.
Just crushed a side of mac and cheese w/pulled chicken and kc sauce
So tired to the point where you can't go to sleep <<<
Who the fuck is Steve Blake?
Eating at Mcdonalds then a worker sprays windex on my surrounding tables
Thanks, ladies! I'll feel even more innovative if I can get more sleep with my new baby ;-)
"In one day? : Tupelo Honey Festival. Visiting all 14 counties."
Who knew! There's a breath of life left in chivalry yet. Thanks to the dude who gave us his parking pass and saved me $11 today-
Everyone has different preferences & those who like in-school learning are important too
This RT hope everyone remembers all the "good riddance" tweets when was annc'd the Mtn was going away.
Amen brother! RT : Thank you Veterans, we honor and appreciate you. Love all serve all!!
"The Big Green" sustainable music festival will take place August 18, 2012 at Sunset Park in Kimberly. Just got Village Board approval!
thank you very little for the earwig. know I can't get the chorus out of my head.
The poolside bar is good, but for the best piña coladas, go to Leblon Caipirinhas in Old San Juan!
Congratulations to the newest executive board....especially to the PRESIDENT
you excited? I mean I am head of group at Windom, every kid loves me and also I won employee of the month. Want me to keep going?
who? Who would do that?!?
President has assured me that tomorrow he will be offering state of NC up for auction, he hears Iran needs a new territory..
you haven't been open that long...why so soon with the remodel?
RT - Better secondary- Miami U or the Dolphins?
#AskDerulo Are you ready for your next album?
Sometimes days just suck. I'm sorry about your grandfather but am really happy to hear your tumor is shrinking.
hope you come to the packers!! We really need you!!!
Stupid people. <<<<<
Tempt me push me pussies i need a good reason to give this trigger a good squeeze : )
"Don't Ever Think You Know..Make Sure You Know"
Clippers will close it out at home on Friday night. Not like the lakers failing to do so yesterday.
Why does breakfast on #gossipgirl look so good?!?
Hey guys
“: That moment when deletes your whole paper...” it was six sentences...sorry
No bitch-ass-ness!
Wen he does anything to ge it
Thur. Ember Fri. Movies Sat. Ember & Sun. Ixtapa ..this past weekend was awesome!!! Shout out to the friends I saw :-)
I. Love. #UnSung #TVOne knocked this one out of the ballpark!
Watching my brother poorly make sangria.
Jury duty today. I will be making 9.00 plus 4.00 for travel expense
I could turn this into a productive session. Ask for input on an upcoming project. Flatter or flaunt. Throw in a hashtag for good measure.
APPLE CHILL!! SHYT LIVE ALREADY
So upset <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Braves win. Had a great time at the Ted with my jr HS best friend. Known him 25 years now
w/LaFollette, #WI amended state constitution 1926: right to recall for any reason if signature threshold met
The Con is a wrap!! All the footage will flow out soon...can't wait to share it with you.
RT : Thursday will be our #mediachat guest on the topic of "Brand Loyalty". Starts at 10pm EST.
this is me reacting
amazing. cool mommy. umm wouldnt it be like learning zulu. I'll look into it
In retrospect, the hibachi dinner was probably a bit too much sound and movement for mom.
Students ask friends before anyone else, including librarians. I wish this shocked me.
I'll will have mine w/out tomato juice pwease!~
great meeting you in philly. hope you kept my card, check out my site. Would love to work with you and the DL team.
Have you guys checked out 's sale yet?! Really great deals :)
Also wikipedia claims their leaves can give you a chemical burn that's sensitive to ultraviolet light!?
Good Night, and sleep with the angels.....don't forget I love you more than life
my cat does the same thing!(:
No WAY! Welcome to our BRO ! Follow him for a vicarious taste of the open road. He's making his way across the USA.
Tomorrow night @ 6pm - on the patio @ Buster's BBQ in Lakeway, TX! Solo show with special guests - good food, good music, good times!
let me know what you think when you're finished. I read it fir a book club and so far everyone is a big fan.
will you follow me(:
I'm starting to wonder if the 2 weeks off for #SportingKC was really a good thing or not for them...
My guest is a huge fine dining fan and she practically gasped when she tasted it. outdid himself.
This is the funniest day of the year. You get to see how everyone look without makeup haha.
called that...only on twitter right now....so want Glenn
LOL No, did she not want to prescribe a script for the tinea???
nope! I kinda did say this, is the gayest school ever but there's no way the can kick me out for that!
Fell's Point?
We will be offering FREE BLOOD GLUCOSE Testing Machines to those with a prescription!
I wish i was a guy it's not fair D:
Love you!
It's National Night Out. We're at McCoy Park...it's one of the largest events in the city. See you Live
Are you Team Mole or Team Captain Justice? Only way to decide is to see #MenofSteel Visit midwesttix.com to reserve your tickets!
I wouldnt mind being a fisherman
wow, where are you?
I Cried When Derrick Rose got injured today, but they were tears of joy...haha Chicago!
#Chelsea gives a penalty!
RT : #LiNC talk social marketing. Fox Netwkw American Idol . Brandon Vallade //Better explain why Skylar still on. LOL
ALA names THE TECH SET the winner of the Greenwood Publishing Group Award for the Best Book in Library Literature! Learn more: bit.ly/gf1uoN
ROFLMAO! #Bottenjols If you aren't already following, you have to follow NINTCMAD!!!!
SICK sick
agree 100% she got $17 million just for filming rights for her wedding..
I think you would be awesome, I know I miss you!
great dinner with you at Charley's last night!!
BUSINESS/LEADERSHIP TIPS:
Can't wait till march 26th!
The Platinum Highway can be your. Here is your chance to meet some of the top multiplatinum producers- www.starmentors.com
J&J's Baby Oil Gel to your legs add a shimmery bronzer down front of ur legs give the appearance of long flawless legs w/ a glow.
NJICM's HOOP IT UP is Saturday! Call HOOP IT UP Hotline: 1-800-515-0337 for tickets. Tailgate party following the game at 3 Lakes Park!
Testing Facebook Text Update!
Okay, much easier than I thought. Whenever it's slightly advanced I assume it's only on FG...and get lost.
wrapping up today's work with piano practice. My instructor should be very proud of me!
If you work smarter you don't have to work longer
maybe it's not what we don't know? efficiencies online & less overlap -overseas news biz continues to grow. natural evolution?
Apparently there is a blue light special in trending
Crowd is kind of in shock with the early placement of YEM
That summer we became friends you understood my dreams By winter we were lovers the snow brought us closer it seems The seasons of love:)
Apparently word got out that Memorial now has outlets at every table. Go back to your shanties people.
I'm going to sleep, nothing better to do
Came home at 12 and asked my sister if the food from dinner that I didn't have was in the fridge and she says yes, I don't see shit -_-
WOW! A sure sign I've lived in #LA for too long...I am looking up #protein shakes in England for when I'm there in 1 week!
It's pretty clear from this "brand training" I'm sitting on that the folks giving it don't *really* get that. It's too bad.
unusual- trey songz feat drake is the shit. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
will do.
im trying to set the world reweet record folks..give sumthing good
Valentino's new fragrance, Valentina, is first perfume to incorporate white truffles...I think I've found my new scent.
that was quick.
There is a significant possibility that H1N1 has entered our household...
Hawks Score!!!!
are you having trouble reading catalog on tablet?
Project management - plans, calendars, progress reports, etc.
Anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire
great list so far! RT Let’s do it! Librarians-share intro to a useful tech in a 1 Tweet blurb & use the #inatweet hashtag
I hate hearing myself talk.
Bumming is with Casper <3
Happy Friday everyone ! First of the year...
A tragic way for Joe Paterno to end his career and life. This scandal definitely contributed to his death :(. RIP Joe_Pa
RT RT : getting naked to is good for your health.
I want to punch him in his throat
The really happy person is the one who can enjoy the scenery of a detour. ~Anonymous
One reason I prefer the over the 8th Note: less mall goths.
Hollywood: Rebooting Inspiration For Over 80 Years!
I'm happy I have today off. Nice to relax and be super lazy :-)
Could be worse ;)
Happy #WW to you too!
Updating my twitter page
we need 200$ in 2 days
i'm sure you'll have fun in Chi over memorial day weekend. what's up with you these days?
we were freniemies ok. I dint know, i thought they broke up but to my surprise they didn't lol i was opps my bad. He wanted it bad
Thanks for the follow!
Wen are you guys are going to make a new album. Your guys are awsome.
Overwhelmed with all the love for the ZEST collection! Keep those orders coming in folks! :)
This is BiebersBakery. I'm on stupid 'daily status update limit'. -___- #lamesauce -Kayla
conclusion: data shows facebook/texting NOT opposed to offline, one does not displace the other, they can grow each other.
“You work now like no one else will, so you can live like no one else can.” Unknown
Goin to bed....night guys <3
Thank you young women for having the courage to go against the palette of "you better fit in".
The response comes back with the 'weather' payload missing, so you could say: if response['weather']: display_weather().
Looks like I'll be sleeping on the couch tonight
We LOVE our Butler Bulldogs!
huge sigh of relief. today's a good to be grateful...
you'll ace the test for sure!
yay! im bored i need something 2 do any ideas tell me
So hard to walk away..
You are very welcome! Just let us know when you need more. loves to walk the Ward. :)
Stuck in reading waiting again Boring boring boring
Slowin down from the good old days eh?
pretty crazy how fast sold out. if you have that kind of cash to burn help us get some nice vinyl pressed please!
Denver got lucky
I hate it when they're cutting the grass outside and I'm just trying to study..I just hear this buzzing..grr!
8 months till my brother comes home then he is off to England.
: Good morning!
it's because we miss you :)
Attendees paint their faces red & bring their mistresses? RT Supporters hold rally for Arkansas football coach Bobby Petrino
the only jobs the Repugniacs haven't outsourced overseas is their online troll commentator minions
Thanks for the supportive comment and very cool to hear your model is working!
Perfect day for homemade biscuits with sausage gravy and a strong cup of joe.
RT : This kid looks so like MAC from always sunny... So true
Starting to get a little nervous that Obama will be running a reality-based reelection campaign.
it was pretty funn. I learned how too dance bachata.
Off to see Alison Sandman: "What you needed to know to get to the Philippines in early seventeenth century Iberia". You know, just in case.
Working on executing our Strategic Plan!!! An exciting time to be a part of our YMCA.
That what I assume!
Hahaha. I love it. "Does this look like a man who's had all he could eat?"
NO! :| she's my sister bahahaha
What' s fellas! Hope we can come on tomorrow and talk UTSA to C-USA!
Thanks for the #FF!
making photo filter effect on pictures = $1 billion, EZ GAME.
Always Keeping My Thoughts Positive &'ND Keeping The Negavtive Out Of My Thoughts .!
perks of dating ? Theoretically, she's short enough to crop out of a picture for my LinkedIn profile.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone. I'm thankful for my friends and family. Without you I would not be the person I am today.
This crowd is confusing me, they keep clapping for the idiot.
FF Important causes to help
#WORLD CUP BABY!!!
Cmon Denver stop playing like you won. WE ARE DOWN IN THE SERIES. Play hard all the time.
Just devoured the Thin Lizzy at Crocker Park. Best burger ever & great staff! Thank you !!
Bout to just wrap my hair, brush my teeth, & go right back to sleep........NIGHTY NIGHT <U+E105><U+E011>
She tryna replace all the love that I gave to her its ashame u couldn't keep it
Rappers really need to find something else to do in their videos besides waving their arms in the same motion over and over again
Well, here's to today being more productive than yesterday...!
Mayor: imagine what your neighborhood can be and we'll work with you to make it a reality.
RT : #TeamCYJ is jamming to "I Like big Butts" on the radio right now. We're finding second wind! #RO12 #RunLA NICE nillaice 4us
That's how we roll!! Now what??? lol Um, kinda feel left out...Karate person is not following me!!! LOL
I need some new girl friends. Who wants to be friends? :)
me to taking the baby down
Alright...I kind of miss my mom now.
Dick Cheney has heart transplant at 71. Was on waiting list for 20 months. How many younger people were on the list longer, and still don't?
No, not with 9 kids and two husbands between us. ha!
My nana tryed to put her dirty hands in my face i was about to go H.A.M on her.
Warren Buffet's secret weapon: 5 Diet Cokes a day.
like hard'core :x :3
Wake up grateful today. Thank before you stress. <U+2764>
The blimps overhead usually park at Bowman Field, a general aviation airport. Charity rides before and after race duty.
I would tell you all to check out our soundcloud for production... but soundcloud is down
we got arouse more, and Lin when he comes back. We are gettin that ring
"The realist sees reality as concrete. The optimist sees reality as clay." ~Robert Brault... What do YOU see? Have fun sculpting YOUR day...
250 million photos are uploaded to Facebook each day. If printed, the stack would be as tall as the Eiffel tower via
iPhone keeps wanting to autocorrect #wckc to "ack" - guess it's anticipating lots of activity today.
Damnit, why do TV shows and movies have to be so sad snd have people cry? I'm trying to sleep, I don't have time to cry.
Please check out my new Legal Guide: On Ye Olde Fee Waiver: Not How to Apply for a Fee Waier, But Should One Ap...
Thanks for the RT! That's definitely on the reading list for May. Have you read it before?
You'll get there. Chin up:-) You just need this break then you'll be recharged.
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Kobe Headspeth °Rising 8th °Sacramento, CA °Travel Team: JT Elite Yellow Jackets °Small Forward 6’2
#wwmd? #CGMD12 what would MacGyver do if he was stuck teaching w limited technology? Come to rm 327 315 and find out.
Sold out of our #cubsicles in 20 minutes! Don't worry, they'll be back!
I PICKED UP MY CAP & GOWN TODAY!!! SO PROUD...SO GRATEFUL....TO GOD BE THE GLORY!!!!
Shhh, Julia-Louis Dreyfus is on CNN, talking politics.
Disappointed that Marty brooks isn't playing tonight...
I heard Niall got braces and is trying to get them straighten. He's my favorite since a few weeks ago.
omg,really? we are so close
Specs and even storyboards miscommunicate. via Michale Allen
can you please follow my sister , its her 14th Birthday today
I will trade you the cold weather there for this damn Texas heat.
thx! you too!
is so cray cray was dying with her today!!!!
Backing up my iPhone before updating is taking FOREVER!
Remember to do something great today!
What ever happened to ?
RT : At CW 6 news in SD remember tomorrow @ tilted kilt downtown 10th & K come hangout & watch UFC fights w/ simpson, maynard
Tickets. I have season tickets. I bought season tickets today. I have season tickets to Sporting.
sent it.
See baby I got missed calls and emails all goin into detail bout how you used to love me I keep changin like the leaves so go.
all rested up post cinco?
Thanks ! Would love to try - wish I was going to be at the #Nantucket Wine Fest this year!
... it's totally cool to rip the entire toilet out of the wall and throw it through a window.
Good to know advil pms no longer have an effect on me
where are you watching the game?Are you pumped?
only if they came with a long plastic tube to store them in.
Went over my calorie goal today. Behind on homework. Feeling mentally sluggish. I feel so weighed down by stress and fear. Need support.
that woman is like 60
Miller Grove is up 39-11 at halftime over Loganville in Sweet Sixteen.
By now I should be used to this hurt
Congrats on your first layout!
ha! I wish people in Chicago were more into the idea, it could be so much fun (and very, very nerdy!)
I'm pretty sure cops hate that too... :P
oh yeah...but then that's the first thing ppl see when they walk in :/ if u had one extra bedroom it'd be perfect
Hopefully a few days of rest will get it back in shape :(
Happy mothers day
it probably blew up my 4 mile run but it is better than you think.
loving cara black's murder in the marais!
My mom probably thinks I'm high as fuck
Glad you enjoyed it“: Grilled duck breast special with seared foie gras and rissoto blew me away last night
Looks like Texas is out for revenge in Ames
I'm waitin' for "Tupperware Wars".
Can't be having a regular texting convo on twitter smh... #cmon now
Getting a little teary-eyed listening to My Old Kentucky Home.
Chat chat chat chat There, I got it out of my system for awhile
Either someone s been messing with my acct or Twitter has its own mind. Following some peeps again
I'm beyond pissed that don't get to walk. It's stupid as hell!
Whomever invented the thong was a sick bastard if you really think about it.
ur a mother fucking boss and so is billie and mike and ur the best fucking drummer ever!!!!!!!!!!
Pet peave:crazy women who sit down @ ur table uninvited. And who proceed to put in a chew and ask you to dance. And kick you under the t ...
Can't buy memories, and you can't eat money... Just the way it is :)
Make it a great weekend peepz.....Rock On!
When im married my legs will only open for # whoeverimarry
and sadly with the PSU news of the last two days, it's only going to get worse
On this 4th of July holiday weekend, feel free to drop by the Museum for a tour & be sure to see our memorial garden!
check out the show photos from GOOD PERSON on facebook at SDSU Theatre
Ok. Scrap it. I hate twin towers.
is fucking ridiculous. They'll make a mistake, blame it on you and treat you like a goddamn criminal. Way to run your business
"I like my beer cold, my TV loud and my homosexuals FLAMING!" Homer Simpson
were can I send u my singles
RT : Getting my microfilm on in on Aug. 1, 1907. Quoting telegrams and covering steam ship collisions.
I've never been so stressed out about weather in all my life as I have been the last few weeks.
it might have been so much fun back then. No Internet, just vinyl and record stores and word of mouth
Put a diaper & a pull up on 8 month old boy tonight. 2T pull up barely fit over his chubby thighs. Hopefully keeps him from wetting bed.
We have talent you might be interested in, in your area!! And surrounding areas!! Please contact us!!
Summertime = Air 1's & White T's
Check out a Q&A with featureshoot.com RT Q
I miss you not school-_- lol
these bridal expos make me realize that I'm on more of a budget for my wedding than most of America.
I lost my mom in the store. it's not even a big store. MOMMY WHERE ARE YOU?
Betty White, you are the best!
I missed this weather.
Hah of course. It's exciting to put together!
Only need 15 more followers to get too #500 followers! I kno my #BBNFam can help me out!!! RT!!! Hopefully I can't get there by Saturday!
no :O haha i didnt take a book home and he said he would give us time in the morning to do it...
Congrats to the Clippers, but that game 7 was everything Rangers/Caps wasn't. Brutal game.
they are remaking Point Break. They actually already did with Fast and the Furious. Dumber than Keanu? Paul Walker
Agreed, man! He's dope. Always will be.
I act how I want to cuz Imma cold blooded person
Admit it...Your life would be boring without me! ;-)
Awesome worship this a.m. @ Lithia Springs A/G!!! Now Pastor James Cowan straight bringing the Word!!!
Best Chocolate Recipes ... Read Full Post
Miami Heat going for not 1, not 2, not 3, not 4, not 5... Losses in a row
You're welcome. See you soon!
Upcoming: Judging a Book by Its Cover: A panel discussion by 3 of Boston's top book designers about craft, the business, and what's ahead.
haha imagine what she would say!
Today is the day
Bruh ..... Jemele Hill got turned down over a Madden Franchise O____O and lowkey snitched on Mike to lmaooo
I saw the first mountain laurel blooms today.
Well, sure, when you figure in 2nd/3rd/4th jobs.
If I haven't talked to u in probably a year don't call me and see if I can find someone to buy u beer fuckin dumbass
it's okay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I know.
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG GUESS WHAT !!!!!! .. i love you . hehe .
Just asked to be matron of honor and was totally freaked out by the matron part!
Saw a new spiderman trailer... you can bet all of your toes and your elbows i'll be at the midnight opening.
When I'm in a bad mood, it's so hard to cheer me up. Stupid people.
Had a great time mingling w/ #mrx peeps at the #truegritnyc gathering last night!
I love that Baltimore is small enough to feel familiar and comfortable but big enough to meet new people and realize there's more out there.
Good luck Tony!
you think after 8 years together he would understand when i was upset and know how to deal with me. frustrated at his lack of people skills!
tomorrow is my day off. a real, whole day off.
used to be an excel sheet but have recently moved it to so that i can edit/check on mobile. i guess same for to-think
Off to bedforshire...
that would be rad!!
What a beautiful day for our 1st Annual Spring Fling (disc golf)! Over 80 people learned & played for the 1st time!
Google Buzz still exists (but nobody uses it) and you can feed your posts into your Google Profile.
..."spaghetti"...it was mis spelt with an 'e', where the 'a' should have been....as regards the second re-tweet i have put on my timeline,..
I GUARANTEE you that if you work w/ your dog in the ways I teach you for 15 min. everyday, within ONE MONTH you'll see a different dog!
Here, use my Chapstick.
Hollywood martial arts master Jet Li in DC area this Sunday (8/13) to join group of worlds top wushu kung fu athletes @ George Mason
Thank you girl and I hope you and Chris have a blast at the derby<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
m ready to bet 100k cash Black Friday is 10x better then Pink Friday !
Have an excellent time in Tokyo! I'm green with envy.
letting you in was easy but letting you go was the hard part...
Dont hesitate to hate
‘The investor of today does not profit from yesterday’s growth.’ ~Warren Buffett
THE JAZZ BAR WAS REAL NICE
Ha. I know... (dammit). I saw the pictures... sigh. It was painful. Next time... please dear Lord! haha.
Mavs finally get a win without Odom. Much better team.
Yeah true. Hopefully not.
Who's the big winner? RT : After watching Swingers, I always feel like I should respond to everything with "that's so money"
Happy Birthday to the King of the Lab!!!!!
Time to take a break from writing, get started on the spicy potato soup we're having for dinner!
Finally got a time tracker for client work. One problem solved. No more scratching times out on Post-It notes.
They're so many great neighborhoods in Brooklyn, that's a tough call... what are your preferences so far?
2 years, 4 months ago Whole Foods began its journey to open their first Detroit location. Today they broke ground & changed the city forever
Great article on Tavis Smiley Inc. He's the man!
I'm still not fond of squeezing anything out of there
Thank u Thunderbirds & for havin me !
Happiness consists in getting enough sleep. Just that, nothing more. Robert A. Heinlein
Thank God It's Friday y'all be cool & Have a nice day.
My Head Is In The Shitter
that wasnt the right option Tim
That May Or May Not be good news for you :)
EyreAffair: Received 10 applications from outstanding students, took 3. They start today! 15h/wk from each, will get so much done!
I need a band to come out with a new album...
Hi Alice thanks for follow, we used to laugh at our mother for eating fruitcake. To this day I can't eat it :)
Korean bbq AND I get to stare in JKs eyes all night? Count me in!! Name a date :)
Thanks for tweeting along with us! Hope you enjoyed #SunbeltTT :)
it's almost peep's season. peeps are kind of freaky.
Like good beer? $1 off all draft & cask pours every Tuesday at Burnhearts! Love you too...
I'll be at the booth from 2:15 to 3:45 today. Come on by!
LOL!!! I'll Ask Next Time!!
Aww, thanks! That's sweet! I know! How are you?
I had the same thought about last night! So good to have a bookstore in Katonah again!
RT : #idRatherHave longer nights and shorter days.
ugh homework then dinner then dance y do i go to dance soo far away
Congrats on your awesome news! Sorry you had a rough week. I'm proud of you!
never going to quit. thats to easy. i'm a fighter for what i believe in.twugs kisses
Just Kidding
I just got the #ITIS from eating popeyes smh
Spending time with my Tj before I go to work... He makes me happy <3
I can relate that back to one person. Hm
Yeah I'm going to do that from now on. 2 QB's is tough. Plus, most other leagues are like that with a W/R.
oh for sure :)
If you don't drink your milk, young man, you know it will turn sour, and I watch sixty minutes go by hour after hour, after hour...
killing my babies...
#2012c19 fascinating paper on black women's friendship albums links elite women's private and political lives - "flowers from racist muck"
Check us out were taking the entire midwest by storm!
let's not pretend bball players r recruited for their GPA potential, nor pretend that grading difficulty is equal across schools.
Have you mobilized your website yet. Http://www.zesmo has a mobile website builder that makes it easy try it free click ,build ,publish
thank u baby love u more!
1/female/the internet
Freeking beach -.- I'm peeling everywhere now. Fml
At parents found copy of the UC Irvine Law Review 1(3), symposium on legal history. Now that's what I call taking an interest in yr kids
Going into writer mode. G'nite everyone.
grades submitted! This crazy last week finally slowing down.
It's Rosa Parks' birthday.
RT : Medical Interpreting and Cross-cultural Communication: Claudia Angelelli explores the role of medical interprete......
I want Philly cheesesteak.
and I truly believe in the idea of six degrees of separation! Our sisters randomly met in Italy and of course we met in SD :)
brb! ems call brb soon!
Excited to use Wunderlist now thanks to the Web 2.0 tools session!
SWAMP PEOPLE STAR DEAD OF SEIZURE RIP MITCH
At the Starlight Halloween Bash inCovina! Happy Halloween!
good night handsome! I got u playin on my ipod to put me to bed: -)
Why yes I did just follow a twitter account for a cat...
if you turn off wifi in settings, it stops asking...and saves battery - Turn on when you want to join a known network.
Reason to look forward to Monday as + Yerba Buena is hosting Paella Mondays w $10 sangrias and 4 varieties of Paella for $22
damn dude
no funny business you two. I know all about teens in movie theaters <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Yo Soulja...U Should Let Me Be In SODMG...
Did you see the Easter Bunny on this morning? In case you missed him hop over to #Alpenrose tomorrow morning, he'll be there ;)
dude im freaking out right now and im super mad....
Its a perfect day to sit outside for lunch! Today's lunch special is 1/2 RACK OF BBQ RIBS, served with french fries for $12.95
i just wanted to tell you that I LOVE YOU with ALL my heart :) <3
hey thanks a lot!
finally using my hands in my entire life to work on something, #trueStory humbling experience, yet finding grace& inner peace inside... :)
#geek what's the exact tag to be a geek? To have a new iPad, or to write codes and develop own cool app to have fun?
Do you create a diigo group for your students?
yes! If and when we find it it'll go up on Facebook and twitter
I wish spring break wouldn't end. </3
That awkward moment when mrs peters stops to have a conversation with you in costco.
Also, can we talk about the fact that her copy of Money got soaked cuz her toilet overflowed? Guess she reads on the bowl...
hey what's up jeydonn :)
Music...it's just that simple
Thank you for all the new followers tonight! Hope some of the tips & info posted were useful to you.
and my mom for not standing up to him
go to sleep
Back from NYC. Need. Sleep.
Wow! Laura Leighton from melrose place was eating lunch today at fuse! Anyone coming to the party Saturday?
Ive been so bitchy lately smh
there was more than one website. I'll look it up and send it to you.
datsyuk. the greatest player in the nhl.
i cant sleep ;(
Stop by the shop and pick up a !
Air Force? Doing what?
#WhiteSox #baseball They found a way to turn a 3-1 starter into a closer with a botched save. I don't believe it's the elbow, either.
(Arthur Schopenhauer) Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
I should have worn a sweater.
we are shortstaffed now. Is he saying which positions?
hahaha Jumbo Pen!!
That cake is absolutely awesome! Can u text me the name and number? I have a shower next weekend and I need a fabulous cake!
And the NL west gets weaker after trading away the second best pitcher Ubaldo Jimenez damn giants get the easy way out
“: Chill mode then goin out in a bit” Goin out!? O great
I hate when I'm trying to sleep and my brother won't #STFU!
can the brewers not score 4 runs with nine outs? against the arizona diamondbacks relief core? we owe it to them to at least watch calmly.
Drought or flood. The only shades of grey are in our books apparently.
Those sound amazing! RT : u need white chocolate covered #Oreos w/ur logo. We can do that.
it is kind of implied in your tweet.
but you was going to call warms though....thanks!
I'm sure you'll look just fine :P
sliced and browned up in a pan with eggs in the morning is good. Loses the weird texture.
There is no way this is going to happen, but COME ON UNITED AND QPR!
Crazy day!
JonnyTEE on Island/Def Jam Digi Dist. "Friday Night" Video Shoot May 12th @ Sandbar Lounge in
Fantastic! Thanks!
RT : Favorite cocktail this week: Lavender pisco sour
safe sex guys,safe sex.
ALERT: FOLLOW ! Only cuz they r competing w/ 4 followers. #beatthebruins (via )
yeah I just did. Mine is due at 8am. I'm just gonna live on the edge and HOPE for anything better than a d
i'm dense. i'm an academic. :)
Thank you so much! RT #FF Guitar Instructors
We were so terrified that we dared not go on, but turned aside and hid in a shed in a garden
My defenses hit the ground & they shatter all around so open & exposed. But I found strength in the struggle. Face to face with my troubles.
In life, when your not sure of your move, talk to the Creator(God) and He will guide you! -CJ
If I was Chinese the only way I'd be Hung is if it was my last name.
At chiropractor exersizing :-)
The sheer gut wrenching pain is only NOW starting to subside *sigh* Ur still the best..thanks 4 a GREAT season!!
uses cheap Mexican labor to build their TV's but won't stand behind their workmanship, shame on you. Cynthia Germanotta
I is be so bored.
Im about to burst out laughing from all these tweets. shit could get awkward
#69Factsaboutme 51. I watch horror movies!
I love when people sit in their car and they know u r waiting 4 their parking spot
“: * Bowie State Becomes First HBCU to Open #GLBT Resource Center | News” good news but sad in a way
. rewind to yesterday: not sure what the collab. looks like. links to featured author's favorite indie? plugs on show?
Online foreign language courses seem pretty rare - faculty are often skeptical. Looking forward to seeing what you rustle up!
Always a great time at , especially since I was PRACTICING MINE LAST NIGHT!! Wednesday at 9 pm.
I just had to work out a fart while standing at a urinal. At first I thought I was going to shit my pants, but I didn't.
girl partying without you and ain't the same my boys would love you two!
I walk by one every day, perhaps that's why it's in my dreams...
HOT LUNCH DATE <U+270C>
i wish capcom made a devil may cry game about Sparta instead of the reboot
lol were USED to it be like that here in April... Sometimes even may!
“: I’m a girl who usually laughs at her mistakes, so excuse me if I laugh in your face.”
um I have another ear infection :(
Love today's Google doodle.
One time I had a dream that I was on waterside and the water was milk filled with cereal! I went the whole way down with my mouth wide open!
yes we will!
Speaking of weight loss, there's a guy at the bus stop eating an entire pizza.
#TeamFergie <U+2665> Anyone want to shout me out? I'd love more followers. All #Fergie fans welcome to follow, & I'll #follow back if you ask. :)
OMG! Thanks, Lisa!
"Can I leave my laptop &all my belongings for 15or20minutes while I go elsewhere?" Yeah... do not recommend, sir.
Your will, your way.. Always!
Why are we still in Afghanistan and Iraq? We are there because our Republican and Democratic politicians want us there. Bring troops home!
our last day of class is friday right?
Want updates on the Nike NFL unveiling happening right now? Follow Keep the Browns updates coming Paul!
Almost forgot! Ice cold fresh papaya!!! SO GOOD!!! M
But what about his mom? RT : DE Aaron Lynch has signed scholarship paperwork at USF. Will enroll in summer B starts June 25.”
they are both great! Depends on what type of benefits he's looking for!
Coffee, Red Bull, Snow patrol coding music ... in the zone for coding.
I look forward to a year of driving the vendors out of the temple and subverting the empire.
keep in mind I wasn't drinking tonight. Otherwise things may have gone very differently! Can't wait to play you!
Chalmers can't guard George Hill
oh this week's #soup is fantastic!
ayy follow me i need more
Isn't it just good Twitter courtesy that if you follow someone they should follow you back so you can talk to them??
THX Greg. Your "Taming the Web" tutorials are awesome, btw.
Wow.. shitty night's sleep, then woke up to pain in my ribs, numbness in my arm, and no cuddle buddy #meh /:
Ok it's still Friday on the West Coast. Who wants to give us a #FF to make it an even 80 followers. Ps we love the support <3
Drinking Kokanee tall boys. Jason would be proud! (Amy knows what I mean).
Welcome to the spectrum.
My brother is so lazy
Great new pic of the director at work on Facebook.
I mean, what would the Event Dude say?...
We're setting up to do some big things! Literally.
cause it's true :)
Don't fear change. Change fear.
RT Sorry to hear you got no support from the team. You were our first connection and best convo for game days. <--Thanks buddy
RT : Nice allusion to Highlander in #WJChat question #LR4 . My moneys on for that little flourish.
T-REP is the teen CEO/Founder of Youngsta Grind Entertainment, Inc. Follow and stay up to date. R/T
When fish are in schools they sometimes take debate.
The people around me must find me so annoying playing fire on replay
Getting ready to leave for the Bonefish Grill to have Holiday eats & drinks with my brother.
T3 idea for #hpm journal paper: map of first 10,000 followers and rate of growth for hola doc! (he once called me a renegade)
lol, yea bro: they had a show recently didnt they?
Thanks for tweet on Xyleme Voices!
why can't the day look like sunset or sunrise for the whole day, it's so pretty out! ^__^
my first application was... interesting. ;)
stop counting. Start burning.
as youve heard i need a new brochure. can you help me with that?
Editing fun video footage from today's Ladybug event at the SD Botanic Garden, airing (w/me LIVE) at 5:45 a.m. Monday on
i seriously can't wait till summer.
I would like to thank KU/Lawrence also and for showing me and all of my teammates a great time yesterday
there cheap and its only for like 6 hours and am not using it again heh x
Happy New Year Aplin Family, Jakarta, Hanoi, Dhaka, Bangkok, Surabaya
Every end is the start of something new
RT : ... Analytics: How to Spin a Blog into Gold (on ) <- Written by a true Houstonian!
When the moon is in the 7th house and Jupiter aligns with Mars, don't bother getting out of bed & by all means, don't buy any electronics!
Tabitha Hope your day is full of Sunshine
the party is crazy fun! is having a great time with lots of friends
RT : Spring break= brunch and bloodies everyday.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up.
someone on my fb posted that :)
Some girl just chest raped me v.v
dude text me real quick 3174749906
haha, regular comb. I'm classy like that.
ATTN airlines: if u loaded passengers last row 1st it would speed up boarding process by 15 mins (no waiting to get by people stuffing bins)
sounds good scotty. Nice chatting with ya!
Heading over to Redmond again today, and will probably spend all day in cold rain. Where can I get a good, cheap coat? Need one!
Found out they served rabbit for lunch yesterday. *faint* Luckily I was too busy & didn't have time to eat.
Hope For Haiti Now!!! c'mon let's help!!!
i work here as a volunteer every saturday. :p
#HighBloodPressure Obesity Prevention Should Focus on Day Care Study : Obesity Prevention Should Focus on Day Care
Dirk: "Elite teams in the league now have 2 or 3 guys who can go off" - on what the #Mavs need to add in the summer #Deron and ??
Humans are not born fighters. There is evidence that humans are protective, fights and wars happen because we think we're protecting.
Shooting range with homo on tuesday....this gon' b clown!
im thankful she's ok & that the guy got arrested. he's apparently not doing so hot now but he needs prayers like the rest of us
But aren't we in a "camwhore" culture, then? Like, would you call all those who Facebook as much?
catch the fade ugly cunt xx
me too... I'm just dreading the transition from blondish to grayish... i hate roots This is what I'm considering...
The cast Gucci mane, you kory, , and skoodabug,
I love the conversations me and have (:
#YouWasCuteUntil you decided to use WAS in that sentence instead of WERE.
Two new winners of a free annual license tonight. See our Facebook page for more information.
The benevolent Beastie: Adam Yauch remembered
My daughter sprained her foot two weeks ago. X-rays came back fine but no soccer until that heals. Writing going well. 2 in Aug
So, what's a Blue Blazer have in it? (Besides small batch Maker's Mark?)
Durant killing them
CONGRATULATIONS to ALL the graduations of #HowardUniversity and most of all my eldest child
Sometimes I wish someone out there would find me
In Lord of the Flies, Mitt was the one who stepped on Piggy's glasses, cause he was fat.
right...everyone still talks no matter where we're sitting. So it's pointless to keep moving us around.
And all the d-bag whiners complaining about the #Browns draft class like they actually know anything.
Sweet! I figured as much. :) Thank you again, I really appreciate it.
If City win, they win the league. If they lose, their cross-town rivals Manchester United win the league.
Hi Justin I can take if you please If you = D
Will be mapping curriculum to mission most of next week, so have to do ALL THE THINGS today.
First Muslim president?
Thinking this morning about cognitive dissonance... Do we want what we want, or simply tell ourselves we just want what we have?
When I doubt play fruit ninja.
"higher than any other" hahahahahahaha!
If you are a Mahomie then tweet me so we can be best friends forever haha
One of my office walls at mpow is getting painted with chalkboard paint this week. Haven't been this excited in a long time.
sad day in the music world
I think people were traumatized by yesterday's wait to get in, huge crowd, so passed on keynote this a.m. Or else came late.
why is my instagram being fucked up?!
omgg. im dying back here
Didn't realize how out of touch I was with current A/V Receiver tech. Internet connectivity, Air Play, 7.2 channels, 3D...
Thank you so much for being my first follower! :) everyone follow her! :)
Hey Have you been on the USS Hornet? It'll be featured at our Maritime Ghost Conference this year. We hope you'll make it.
and ever...
Pure localism is unworkable politically and economically.
unc vs wisconsin... don't know who to root for ah
- you can send me an email with your name and I would be happy to check for you.
Yell Often Leap Often
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 42
girl, you are always talking about eating! how do you stay so skinny haha
Don't improve. Don't improve. Don't improve. [2 months later] WHAT, our codebase is fragile, why the $%^%^& did you let it get that way?
Well that stunk. #Reds 9th.
Tornado Warning for Daviess, Greene, Knox and Martin County in IN until 4:00amEDT
idk if I told you but your really pretty
Um...am I missing something? That's not what that chart says.....
I always thought he lived on the Queen City Yacht Club side of Portage Bay, not the Seattle Yacht Club side. No?
Just realized that #ecowed is at 10pm on Wed. too! I want to try the 10pm slot but maybe one a different night!
Cool I am following you! I love your pics! You up at #NYFW?
I try to follow individuals who produce unique content and original thoughts. As opposed to too many blog/news feeds
Put Beckett the stiff on the DL tomorrow and give Tazawa, Mortenson or Melancon deserved crack. Let Aceves or Padilla start. Awful.
"Think Local ... Act Local" Community Driven!
Still thinking of #TroyDavis. Still thinking of how we change this system.
it the truth! Lol. Glad i could give you a laugh for the day! :D
For some reason, people don't listen when I talk. My goal for next week: be heard.
Hidden among trash and brush and blocks and tires—left to rot on a South Valley dumping ground—a body. Unidentified. Near I-25, in a field.
#ir12 add me to the list please
Im not sayin she's a gold digger , but she aint messin with no broke niggaaas . -Kanye
Thank you! ;-)RT : Watching Fox 43 News #Anchor. I gave a her MAC Makeover today. #Humbling She's such a...
I hope it's a bigf deal. It is HUGE and also corrupt as hell.
i dont even know where itd
thanks for the follow! We love The Fishing School!!
PickUpLine: You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
We're not above begging for retweets!! Help us spread the word on PDX Duck Biz Lunch and make this PDX's premiere networking event!
I wish I can tap my feet like mumbul #happyfeet #taptap hahaha
Everyone else is at SXSW and I... am stuck in jury duty, actually on a jury, in WESTCHESTER. Sigh.
idk i mean fanny pak is good. but.
aww shit baby cousin who I gotta beat up ?
Slept for 11 hours. Lol that just shows tired I was last night!
when i waz in da bus nd talking 2 flor nd they pull my hair nd its hurt i hate them nd when they get off da bus they waz makeing fun of
There is still fire equipment 1200 block Baylis
You're fine as long as it still makes you squirm.
I can't hear potato with out thinking of Dan Quayle
Prof David Klaus from Colorado providing primer on gravitational biology and what can be done in a few minutes of free-fall
Dear 8 o'clock, please hurry up. I would like to go home already.
Mr. Howe: "WE'RE PLAYING NUCLEAR PING PONG!"
what u still doin up?
Leslie Jeanne is practically a #MichaelJackson song
I just made a big ole' batch of Mango Papaya Soap with Cocoa Butter, Coconut, Palm & Olive Oil. Smells like vacation!
if it does it'll definitely take a while
haha My dude All-Bizness Is Going In Move Around is out of control - you on swiss beat bang hahaha lol with the lil kids voice
I'll see you tonight
Kickin with some friends watchin Kevin Hart Seriously Funny DVD. This guy is hilarious
In eating cookies for breakfast cause I don't give a f**k!
WOOHOO! RT : Bring on Indiana we got this
I wish I could nap while I am driving to work.
Glad I
WOW....! NCSU/KU {0}^8 <--- look of surprise. (w/goatee) - standing on my head.
<U+261D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>RT : O lord this ninja got on soulja rees lmao
someone out there needs you to keep living
Hope to start getting big for football! #hitting the weights!(:
Power just went out at borgata.
Back to the Future
i read it was about a dr the sewed people together ass to mouth and made the crawl, didnt seem like my scene
home is my favorite vacation spot. No prep work, no expectations. Otherwise, a cruise down the Rhine would be nice.
Just ordered some new shoes ready for them to come in!
astro being the man per the usual
1 more follower :)
What's funny to me, if the fact (not just the citation #) was incorrect why didn't Wayne file some sort of complaint.
Hey , You're talking a lot about how horrible the Dodger deal was - how should all of this been handled? Love the show!
How did I get here? What did I do.
Lol, you're gonna need all the prayers you can get .. #illprayforyou <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Abe @ crave is the homie. Breakfast for dinner with
I'm about to DJ the Nicole Miller Fall 2012 show at 6pm.
Wishing a very happy birthday! I LUHHH Dat bishhh. Going HAM right now!
You know, if the pro-lifers want to ban #abortions, I believe they should also ban #vasectomies, just to be fair.
WOW..omgg...i said that exact same thing !!! heheh :D SHOPPINGG <3
I'm stoked to announce this Saturday I’ll be relocating to the Mission Aveda on 66th street in St. Petersburg! :D
Not in the states. I saw them play some pretty tiny rooms in Europe as late as '97. Pretty standard looking '91 setlist there.
Well this is about to be extremely embarrassing
is leading going into the final round at Bay Hill - can't wait to watch tomorrow. Go #Tiger!
what up bro?
My mother's solution to life: 'Have you eaten? Have some chocolate.' Love that lady.
2-O #NewYorkYankees against the #OaklandAthletics. Make it two in a row
T-4 hours until we are live for faculty & staff on #Office365 email.
At Brooke's birthday party. Beers & horseshoes.
That hipnotis at the after prom was totally legit!!
You ever eat the funny pages? Not a serious question, they're trying to sell you LSD.
Same here, no G+ strategy yet. But FB & LI are definitely separate.
that's a baby making song lol ^-^
About to see a legend and Lucille perform. Looking forward to BB King!
Our productivity with RISP is more like RIP. lol
Men are bitches!
winter experiences I need: ice bar london, ice skating at natural history museum, christmas markets at south bank centre, the list goes on..
Can't deny that I want you, but I'll lie if I have to.
Thanks to all my Bloomington family for a proper send off weekend! I've had a great past couple days.
Hey loves! I see you're following me, thank you! And since you follow I want to trend #AmericaNeedsMcFly <3
Worse than a place that HAS STROBE LIGHTS AND THUNDER AND SCREAMING RAINFOREST CREATURES
It comes to fruition...and in her eye.
All right, I need a reset button for this day...better yet my life here lately! Ug.
Boy in class "Why do you buy expensive jeans that don't even make your ass look nice, such a waste of money" me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
linkedin is not for everyone or for every type of business. What might be amazing for 1 might not be for another.
Thats what i say..
Traveling to Atlanta? Hit the Wisteria Restaurant on Sun - Thurs and get 10% a great meal with you're Diversity Platinum Card!
Smile in ya face, but everybody fake.
That's hot!
I'm following I'm entering the #plusup my purse contest from Kellogg’s FiberPlus bars to organize my messy purse
You're welcome :^]
Maddie still sick today with no voice, having to cancel and hopefully reschedule 2 auditions so far. Big bummer!
Game of Thrones/Veep/Girls is becoming quite the turd sandwich.
the pacers putting on a clinic!!
yes, I've found it great for researching thoughts on social media and tech. not so good for stuff on food, though! =)
We are pleased that you found the info to be so useful, you retweeted it.
Well if isn't going to send his toothpaste, then clearly Toby has to come to America to get it!
Thank God it's almost Monday! I can't take these total loser football weekends. 0 fer 5.
yea buddy. it was around noon. still laughing about it. just headed home now. hope to catch the end of both games.
I'm thinking about shit that happened last summer and I gotta say, one of my favorite session buddies is
nevermind, has spoken, it must be so
"Embedded librarianship": See community partnerships and Book-a-Librarian svc
she's crazy! Haha
Contagious excitement!!! RT : YES. I am so there! Welcome to Things. That. I. Love. Eeep!
An unexpected change of plans has brought us back to union station, just incase you missed us yesterday.
I just want to curl up on the couch with babe. Cuddle. And watch the Titanic , The Vow, Dear John and Funding Nemo.
Ok. Cutler just made me look foolish early..We'll see!
“: both nights were excellent! Best show(s) I've seen at The State.”. Wilco Rocks!
You have to wait while you become, but have faith. The time is coming soon. ~
Very beautiful!
#Seahawks couldn't rush the passer. That cost them. But it was a fun year to be a #12thMan. Can't wait until next year.
Since i'm a teenage kid, is the NFL FOX robot supposed to excite me? Becaus it's not...
Filming Ep 73 today! 73 weeks straight of movies, games, and snacks. Ivan Diaz from will be guest hosting. Watch the video Mon.
thought of the gay rage photo today.
oh I'm slapping you on Monday
yea! Love that show!
maybe.... maybe... Poll to come shortly!
It doesn't really. Drinking and dancing in winter is great!
Thanks, buddy. Luckily, since it's just a demo, I have some wiggle room. It does feel good to be librarianish for a minute.
Y in the world am i doodleing ...
Rapa Nui and the process is the current fuel.
So remember…. if conversationally your tweet needs to begin with a username. Throw a . before the @ so your followers don't miss out!
Only fight i want now, Manny vs Floyd. My money on Manny
So I'm extremely confused. I want to but I can't. I really can't. Which makes me not want to...
Don't get lost in thought; you'll be a total stranger there.
Never tweeted you before JT but HH definitely got me through some hard times back in middle school. Thought I'd let you know.
Calling it a night, but been feeling a way about the Ebony mag cover w/Brandy & Monica. Deserves a blog post tomorrow.
Any Young Lady interested in modeling for the Biggest modeling agency in the city is haveing a casting call May 18th in...
Heads up job seekers. RT SDCityBeat seeks a PT web editor and a PT arts editor—or a FT person to do both. Apply:
O LOB CITY!!!! Bledsoe to Griffin!
and all that stuff and junk.
had a beep test myself this morning...hit the snooze button and went back to bed.
I don't know if I an handle any more bad Saints news...
New video & blog up for Fan Club Members. Log in to your account to see!
Julian on abdc.... it just didn't seem right.
#edchat I had student BYOD and show me how to use them, used for podcasts,too
everybodys ahead of me in this progression. im like the little one that got left behind n shit. workin on fixin that
totally. But I cannot do anything but love copy like that. But then, I liked West Wing, too.
Plz people follow :-)
And it won't create another directory (pandoc-templates/) underneath that directory?
There is so much install for me in this life. I'm very excited about life!
LOL me too. its only fair :) its nice meeting you! I love making new friends.
Literature as high-fealty cognitive enactment of dilemma. A similar theme can be found RE: history in Clausewitz's On War.
Swear I be thinking I sell dope listen to YoGotti! N no can tell me any different!
Celebrity developers don't open github issues, they pull out their dicks and wave them around.
we're u on tonight did I miss ya? Or ya on tomorrow night!?
I'm watching the KCA :)
As a musician/bassist my job is to make/create music, not to "analyze" musical trends....this is simply what I do!
braiding friendship bracelets. listening to mandolin instrumentals. contemplating the after life.
That midterm did not go well. Thirsty Tuesday, anyone?
My objective is not just to make a point, but to bring about a real change in the situation.
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult. ~Chief Seneca
The Prayer of the righteous is powerful and effective. James 5:16
": i said i'm sorry!!!!"I don't see a batch of "sorry" cupcakes now do I?
Figuring out how to deal with my sugar addiction
ha! I'll follow u anywhere!!!!
the uglier the better! :-)
well see me, I'll help!
Sher, you are a jewel Thanks so much for the boost All best 2 u I'm in South FL bt love the beautiful Glf Coast + pets & choclate
I am hoping...trying my best to see what we have as options.
11408inc Vs. Common. I expect higher-oder thinking from him; to reassemble colloquial derogatory lingo into positive affirmations.
Happy Holidays to all our Twitter friends!
I love to post pictures of your edit bays. Send me a pic. Who has the best edit bay?
I know! I am so excited but so overwhelmed with this move! Ah! it will all come together. Thank you so much for your help
sitting on ma mama vent :-)
Thanks for the follow Brandy. How are you today
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day :3
I'm excited btw your the prettiest original.;)
Looking forward to receiving my organic almonds and rice from ! Stocking my "mini-larder" for the zombie apocalypse. ;-)
The question is.. Why WOULDN'T you do it?
Got that jop opportunity though
I'd love to see any materials from this presentation if he has them online.
but on the real though. I'd imagine it's hard. Just giving the Boshtrich a hard time. Lol
There is only one time when it is essential to Awaken. That time is now.~Buddha~
I'm done.
Low drone from a jet entering its flight path to ORD. Muffled rattled of the CTA Red Line. The rattle of a dog collar.
Insane! : that was the most UN-Clipper thing ever”
.: MOST medicine is experimental medicine, isn't it? eg, "take these pills, let me know how you feel in two weeks."
After the session today, I'm convinced people that do spin are a little crazy.
I have cut roses which have died-(heads are dead) but the stems seems to have growth-can they really continue to grow like this?
Running My Paws Off
I hate people that say yolo to everything .. One day u'll be about to die and ur last word will Be yolo that shit is stupid.
Enter 2011 Crowned Princess Charm Pageant. Early bird rate expires January 31...www.distinct-impressions.net
Todays a Good Day
You can acquire tech skills, but if you don't have good communication skills it ain't gonna work.
nah fuck that I'd never stand against the saints
MIRACLES HAPPEN thats all i wanna say
In need of some golf therapy today #rainrainstayaway!
Sometimes, without #FollowFriday, I wouldn't know it's Friday...
i think so, naw, I'm sure. lol. 4-20 b-day but don't smoke, that's a good thing :)
I still believe the #knicks can choke this
You... work out? lol
Hey RR what are you working on over the summer to improve your game?
hot chocolate!!<3 ha idc if its like 90 degrees outside!
I'm not surprised the girls lost they need to get their "stuff" together!!
#Quote2SpinBy <U+E148> Risks must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing~Leo Buscaglia RT
Have a joyous Easter and happy Passover! Blessings to you and your family during the holidays. Have a nice weekend!
Cal for breaking the FF drought.
if you are REO Speedwagoning it .... I'm in. Was hoping some of my friends would be cool enough to go to that show.
Only 160 more followers needed until 1 lucky follower will get an awesome prize pack! RT help us get 500 followers! Another contest at 1000!
Well that's never good! But we love Hammer. Trying to figure out what on earth is going on in yesterday's video, though...
no problem! See you there.
I know!! Its the catchiest tune ever!! :)
Is it because you get fooled/pranked a lot haha
that is so true and if they just take care of home everything would be alright!!!
And for those who picked up Fitzpatrick as suggested.. Congrats. You made a great pickup.
Last semester my professor said to me, "you will soon see the Red Sox I grew up watching." Now I know what she meant. This is bad. Real bad.
I #Honestly would've probably put John Lucas in...that dude comes up big in the clutch.
Our 4pm FREE tour will be starting in 20 minutes! Get down here!
thanks tiny! I miss you!
Yes, yes we should.<3 (:
that makes two of us. Haha, glad my hometown is treating you right.
what! Lol I saw the episode a couple of days ago when lucas had a heart attack
Thank you both!
See everyone in March!! Whoohooo!
is a glass cheaper than a tshirt? Must be. But a hassle to pack and get home!
i am one happily married man. good people, good ceremony, good food, good weather. smoothness on my wedding day. super sweet. thanks 2 all.
ROTFL! “: Ad campaign: Jeans by Levis, shoes by Nike, gender by God! (or: gender, by God!)”
Boys can smd.
Like i try talking to her about Justin and how much he has helped me, and she rolls her eyes and doesnt listen.
I'm sorry that Man City lost today but regardless CTID
rt da devil year P R A D A
I just love #lazySundays! Don't have to be anywhere...don't have to do anything...Here's to #myfabulouslife!
I have the worst headache ever :(
Amazing event coming up in the Spring - Add it to your calendars ladies!!! A Purse for Change, a signature event of the Women's Foundation …
i like how deep is your love. i thought it was going to be a beegees sample when i saw the name
127,900. Ran so bad in that level it's amazing I still have chips.
I'd say very, very low chance but you never know. I think Bills are set right now w/ Fitz & Thigpen and dont feel need for 3 QB
ugh im so fucking full man wish i had someone to share wat i cooked wit any offers lol
jennie garth looks better with long hair.
San Diego Assistant Principal arrested for child molestation plead "not guilty" today.I'll be live 4p&5p w/reaction from attnys
#ItsAwkwardWhen You don't even know why you own a phone . ._.
Get me in!!
RT We're participating n Angel Tree! We've adopted 20 angels. How r u choosing 2 share this season?//Adopted 1 on Sat!
i dont wanna go to skool!!! im tired as heck!! -_____-
Slow down, this night's a perfect shade of dark blue
Does depend a bit on what you like. I'd include our museums, the Mississippi river (great view from Guthrie Theatre bldg)...
Thanks for the A Bluely Noted Hanukkah..enjoyed the Jazz arrangements..
This show makes me hungry enough to crash a wedding
A crucial #Detroit City Charter ballot proposal is on the ballot today, and I was only the 15th voter in my precinct as of noon. VOTE DAMMIT
Thanks! I appreciate that and hope you read it and spread the word.
i fucking miss talking to you too & all the other iconiacz and shit. i miss those days
happy birthday!
whut? from a pool of 48 women? that's not research! phhfft! again!
I just don't get it. At least go outside and make it look cool or something. Haha. I admire creative people.
well yes and no *smiles*
Cleaned out my car for the first time in 5 years. Needless to say, I hurt all over.
Thank you for the kind, positive words, Jay! :)
. your hold music is horrible. Also, thanks for changing my flight and not telling me. Yes, I've checked my spam folder.
she would never do that. But when a girl does that, you don't give up. That is a test. Maybe not in this case but normally.
VIKINGS GONNA WIN!!! BOO LIONS!!!
and the desperation of devalued cultural capital in crisis. And the problem of the designated hitter.
Once I throw on this its over girl
I come out with so many new clothes so often til the other designers can't even keep up!
Not buying black ops 2 fuck that noise.
shyt would go down!!!
Please follow It's the official twitter account for my short film!! I follow back!! Pls RT!! Thx!!
RT I stepped on a cornflake now I`m a cereal killer
can i ask u sum?/
I just wish that would get over himself and unlock his tweets.
DONUTS!! This morning just got so much better!! You want one?! Ill give you one! Where are you!?
“: man couldn't nobody guard that nigga lol” I was good back then.
Better get to them quickly!:) RT : just bought cigars for hubby
Yes I know I try every chance I get!
Happ Mother's Day to all beautiful mother in the world!!!!
Gearing up for a 23 hr journey to New Zealand today......stay tuned.
GET A LIFE
Beginning workshop on arduino microcontroller in galleries.
Wish they had hardcore free for all
It's weird seeing the #WhiteSox in red.
A Relationship isnt Based On The Length Of Time u Have Spent Together but Based On The Foundation uve Built Together The GOOD BAD n the UGLY
Even though I'm Japanese...... #HappyChineseNewYear !
#BestBandInTheWorld the Beatles !
We need to talk.
Just because someone says its cool doesnt mean that it is. Please
I kind of hate everything right now.
Comic Sans walks into a bar. The bartender says, "We don't serve your type here".
It's beginning to feel like an old man so long after imagining what it would be like...
Mighty embarrassing.
I only need two more followers until I get 200.... I'm thinking maybe and ????! (:
Well folks, gonna call it a night. Call me boring but this was the ideal way to spend a Friday night!
People like that make me long for silenced long range BB guns. Just enough to be annoying, and keep them moving on their way.
Enjoying my last 34 minutes on twitter...
A hundred tweets in a hour, Ima do it everybody has like 53k fuck where I been, tweet addicts huh...
They gonna off that dude in jail! He be lucky if he make it an hour!
Spread the word! Tonight legendary 2x Oscar nominee singer /songwriter Carol Connors on my show 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Whats your biggest pet peeve?
Okay, between my trip to MN last week, and moving next week. It's like being sandwiched between my past and future. Hey, wait a second...
Anyone have a #Samsung #Galaxy phone that they feel like getting rid of? I need one for #Android dev testing
I love you, my prince of pop
I resurrect resurrect resurrect.
Love you to<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098> RT : At the end of the day I still love . No matter what happens .
Hoosiers! Killin fools! Both of my teams move on today!
Nonsense. I always say my dog is "big boned." RT The shame you feel when the vet says your cat "is on the chubby side".
Whiney baby Carl DeMaio reported the ABC page to Facebook. Apparently posting news stories about a politician is "abusive."
10 to 2. I would expect that kind of logic from a MI guy
Need to change this! : E-book sales are growing fast but e-textbooks are not. t.co/sVUvEaEg”
OMG I'm so full I feel like I'm gonna blow up. Lmao
Go Magic!
Is it #CrazyDriver Day? One cut across two lanes of traffic, including a city bus, from a parking lot. Another cut across FOUR.
careful out there u guys!
Hey Guys, our offices will be closed on Monday for Labor Day. Regular Office Hours will resume on Tuesday.
Sky Lounge on Twitter Now!!! Follow Us
Opp forreal leggo lucky as shit im not aalowed i tried piercing my own belly button :P
S/O and Happy 34th Charter Day to the Nu Tau Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha at the University of Montevallo! 06!
If a player believes he has little chance of receiving any minutes, his concentration will lapse & he will not be ready. -Phil Jackson
Hockey is the only good sport
sorry that was mean for oh never mind lmao.
PLEASE SEND ME A DIET AND EXERCISE PROGRAMME
sounds good. As long as you don't mind running with
:D haha I'm happy for ya .
?s 1. How could it have been done securely electronically? 2. If it had to be done on paper, was there any better way?
Dear Cody, I am an obsessed Cody fan and I want to have your babies #hacked by Jessica Sidell a Cody fan
rock out with your iTunes out!
Happy to demo it for you in our library if you've not seen it in action.
even when i lie i tell the truth.
The best feeling in the world is knowing that you actually mean something to someone.
. - my guess on the mystery Blazers GM candidate who interviewed with Paul Allen last week - Kiki Vandeweghe. Thoughts?
#nisoEbook LaRue ePub format as standard. Libraries need to retain control and forge partnerships. Adobe content server for single checkout
GL: serious probs go beyond the Univ. temptation to DISOWN ethnic studies b/c "they know 2 much" attacks not b/c ur marginal
Hi Kimberly, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
Congrats! Looking forward to Re_Serve Milwaukee launching soon!
What a waste of time
promo time
I don't do cuddling or breakfast. I definitely am against pillow talk. I like to hit & quit it, I don't want to stay & play. Is that weird?
Oh lordy does sushi sound good right now. *drools*
DUDES, 2012 is all about adversity.
Surround yourself with color.Your body will respond with health> ~j~
life goes on who are you really trying to impress by having twitter beef?
beverage of choice?
Field trip to The Bread Bar in El Segundo...a lot of deliciousness @ the office. Would post a pic but we devoured the eats- Yum!
Fabulous presentation at #CT2011 by Jeff Borden #Pearson #edtech excellent learning tools
Santorum says America is under attack by Satan. Well shit bro why didn’t you say that earlier, I’ll support you now…
That is so great!
Me? Yea right that nigga sounds like Trina. ": watch u become his number one stan"
Which works, as I'm sure Boy George would love to dress like you. ;-)
ur always hot mamas! :-) im watching.
Pharmacy - Reduced Costs up to 55% - Giant Eagle - LORAZEPAM -
Oh #weekend how I've missed you!
india lil wayne concert august 23
Sense of something that can never be known
oh... well when yall do tell me... cuz im gonna support yall to the end... lol
hahaha killing me with #Shack...you think we should cut Reggie some #Slaq?!
or he brings them both in and passes it on to his son...
hey I'm working on the whole waving at your friends boyfriend when they acknowledge you thing! Ahaha
YO SHOOT ME SOME BEATS FAM
Everybody loves a winner. So nobody loved me.
Out of the obedience of one mans heart lies the awakening of a generation...
Save me I'm so hungry! #billmillers please (:
wonder if #oomf is single :/
keep riding so you can keep eating
Reading 'The Beijing of Possibilities', fascinating stories by Jonathan Tel.
oh then ur younger lol. but u look older :)
At #subway with the #sister #5$footlong
Brag about it! RT : Sunburned feet after a day at the beach!
Legoland Florida admission is $75 for adults. Would you pay that to get in?
Then again, I hate that feeling at the same time. But what are you gonna do, so fuck it.
disgusting and shocking.
I will be home in October for Ricardos wedding hopefully. Gio has brain surgery in July and that could complicate things
Excellent choice! Great beer and brewery.
Bill, I hid the body now what???? HELP!
Acceptable, possibly. Fashionable? Not at all. We've got bigger things to worry about. Like wearing wife beaters in public.
Their methods were unprofessional, and they seemed geared toward... trying to induce pain.
oh ok jus checking on ya before I go to work I had my days off mixed up :/
is lovin' this weather!!!
Spotted a girl wearing uggs on the metro this morning. I know it's past Labor Day but really? It's not cold yet!
Great pics...that's the same smile from the Met Life commercial
Too early to drink? lol
I just got really excited about the new music from
This heat needs to stop its too freaking hot
the heavenly snow has arrive - I hate snow
Funny as fuck
Maybe it is Twitter's fault
that sounds amazing! will totally have that tonight :) see you then!
Huge tactical error to crawl into bed "for a few minutes." Need some tunes to motivate me!
I bought the Intellicase from and really like it. You should check that one out too.
Wishing I was able to watch vs tonight in Memphis. Showdown between next gen of US tennis.
I Luv Ice Cream...
New intellectual crush: Jamal Joseph - inspiring on the stage & charming off. Read his book Panther Baby.
Shuddafuxup that is hilarious. Miss you!
Lakers better step it up
JMO, but the latest Mike McQueary wavering just reeks of (purposeful?) discrediting to serve a larger purpose. And a very bad one at that.
Congrats to the Lady Rattlers on the 5th consecutive District win! Keep our State winning reputation!
Cold toilets <
yeah. defamation? please expound.
I totally want one of those!
Yeah, I think all parents are at one point in their lives, haha
Competition is a driving factor. “Your competitor expressed an interest,” may be the most powerful phrase you can tell a reporter.
ball game over
Big Bertha lusts after the only pair pointe shoes that fit her left in the county. Will she succeed in using her wiles to get them?
Tweeting so doesn't have her photo behind her as she thanks sponsors!
#DailyQ: recently No. 3 social media network, but is it the right network for all types of business?
not gunna happen.
nobody asked me to go thts ok though
Shit Im doin now got nothin to do wit how you raised me..Shit killin me to know I'm runnin my momma crazy
Old Fashioned.
Just saw the dunk highlights (which weren't many) on #ESPNEWS. That looked like the worst dunk contest ever.
no tears running down my face.. (;
SATURDAY in DC 21+ FREE till 11 at TEATRO 1909 K St. NW email w/ FULL NAME & Teatro as Subject
I've got to try this with the Stonyfield Organic French Vanilla Yogurt. This is basically a Mango Lassi, another fav drink
Guti, Inzhagi, and Drogba are the names we are hearing for .Which of those would come true?
Your Jerusalem photography is beautiful!
it's FREEZING!
Super bummed I missed #dctweetup - I'm still at the office if that makes anyone feel better :( cc:
I want them too! RT : you should come to toledo, ohio :)
sending out Good Will and Brotherly Love to All Today!
Don't have the money upfront to buy new furniture and appliances? We offer flexible payment plans for nearly every budget.
RT : thinking of taking some last min charity entries for Team MNM in the on 3.18.12
Just spilled cranberry juice all over my laptop. Pretty sure it's seriously damaged
what you doing down here?
oh wow! yeah, they spell spring!
Sounds like RT I'd love to illustrate a children's book someday.
Grab your dancing shoes
dude, git yer Z's! And maybe drink a few beers cuz u got guard one ugly mug in Al Jeff!
ouch!! annual price still beats spotify. I listen to pandora every day :)
But there's *chocolate*
Don't blame people for disappointing you, blame yourself for expecting too much from them.
I know tht guy
That mini heart attack you get when someone says " I had a dream about you."
That's our staff #1. Check Yr Head #2. RT : ... Paul's Boutique. Hands down. Is your name Michael Diamond?
New to download!
Yea im the reason why you always getting faded
A 11 otters are similar in size and coloring, & Zoo staff identify them by small shaved or dyed areas on parts of their bodies.
The view from the airport is lovely. Looking forward to Milwaukee in a few hours.
Glad I had my coffee!
This is going to be a VERY LONG day.
Thanks for that!
This headache <
Snookie is pregnant.
Learning the Itaian Anthem. so far suceeding :D ..Not really
Used to peep at the Outback in Hunt Valley
HAPPY BIRTHDAY from !!!
I'm not sure. I was too busy pounding in a base drum.
“Creativity is piercing the mundane to find the marvelous.” – Bill Moyers, journalist
Can't say ENOUGH about how great 1-877-8DUMP-IT is! Quick, friendly and affordable. Hauled my junk OUT!
Only 24 days left until the release of mixtape
lol omg at justin's random tweets
awww no problem :D you guys are really Talented <3
oh, hi Monday.
I wish work had a nap room.
Show tonight is gonna rule..pumped beyond belief
no but it sounds fun!(: IB: vinny an nick(:
Wish they still had the winter ale's on the market, not feelin these low alc % summer ale's
Last night got verbally assaulted on 14th and U by a drunk street floutist with was hilarious!
. is great! It is difficult to humanize a figure who is so polarizing. You capture CT's perplexing character with grace.
OH at #EBCON I can't lie to candidates, I'm not a recruiter.....
I just wanna sleep for an entire day. Thats it.
So far Kansas looks really boring.. #fieldtrip #geology <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BE><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+008C>
Great Techcocktail DC event tonight! Proud to be a part of the DC tech community. Fantastic energy!
75% of my dreams last night were about mario strikers. I actually woke up at one point and thought I was still at eric's playing it...
I hope a DVD set of Meet the Romans and Pompeii will be released so I can show it to my classes.
Thanks! I'm going PC-Mac, so I'll stick w/ Synergy.
says this is a proud day for the entire state. This is more than a budget...its a reform plan. Cites teacher evals
some people are like slinkys, there are not really good for much but they make you smile when they are pushed down the stairs.
I will feel you with me until Im gone. Set me free.. I dont want to fall another moment in your gravity.
ah. how come my dogs hate me but not my sister.. :O it's like my parents to.
Thx for posting our events! RT Just noticed that I have over 9,000 followers now...I love finding & sharing free things to do!
if u haven't already make sure to move your domains offa godaddy while companies are still having special deals..and b4 they start calling u
He still hasnt called or answered my calls… RT : that's funny, wake up call homie!
I love when everything you ordered online comes on the same day!
Coach Gwoz on power play drought: We aren't doing a good job of being able to gain poss. in the offensive zone. Our spacing has been poor.
that was seriously hilarious <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
good luck lady!
Relationships are not a test, so there is no need to cheat.
I just want u too bless me with ya beauty.
Zayn Malik. Come and put your name on it. It's not even my birthday, but you wanna put your name it. Cake cake cake cake cake.
The marlin looks great! Try this fish grilled with blackened spice,serve with chipotle slaw,salsa,avocado and warm tortillas
get a tattoo of a haircut.
both won't work so I'll chose you :p
Great day in Phoenix!
that's the spirit! he did say "just keep tweeting me, im always on there, and I'll eventually see you" (;
hahah thanks welchy..that's good enough, it shows you care ;)
I just wanna sleep in for one day, is that too much to ask?
Have you checked out the video entries yet for the EHS Free Summer Housing Video Contest? It's not too late to send in yours!...
I think I figured out why one of the lights I got from for #btwdpgh doesn't work: 2 diff button batteries, an LR1130 & a CR927.
"What happens to women + children who are victims of domestic violence w/out legal services, housing, healtcare + legal protection?"
With heartfelt sympathy to the Houston Family, may your beloved....Whitney Elizabeth Houston...RIP.
Come Kick It With Me & My Fam Down Da Briccs May 1st!!!!! After Party @ Melange's Hosted By Dj Wink & His Crew, Don't Miss Out!!!!!!!
Fake fake fake fake fake phony baloney stank stank ass mother fucker
Agreed! Is "chick nonfiction" even a thing? Ugh. (cc: , in case you missed this)
blueberries with candle wax
How am I hating on you? You're a creep and ugly...
< now followin this team, thanks for the follow
Starbucks needs to come up with a faster driver through service
umlauts will definitely slow you down. One tip: try holding the some letter keys for alternate representations with umlauts
*raises hand* *crosses legs* ;-)
I wanna go to the race this year..which will be the first year ever
Brain tumors are the leading cause of cancer-related death in children. #BrainTumorAwarenessMonth Help raise awareness 4 kids!
I'm laughing at the fact that your running windows xp
Corey smith kind of night
Thank You!!
If You Smoke Kush...Download My New Song @ 2 PM
When my mom and I have a conversation, we mix English Bosnian and German. Weird
come on shain....u kno we good for three lifetimes
gettin tha hair redid : ) natural blonde on top black under an red in tha front : )
Very grateful to our sponsors! Holliday,Fenoglio&Fowler, Arnold & Porter
Good Morning Friday :)
+ = lyricists of the year hands down
Playing Call of Duty #MW3 with my brother-in-law Chris on XBox Live! Video games and guns bringing families closer together. :)
I don't even want to watch this game anymore... <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
"Hi donut man employees, can I have a calorie info sheet for this tiger tail? Them: "...no, but here's some weed."
yes ass in my face lmao
Restaurant Refrigeration Bar/ kitchen Equipment Sales & Service 617-792-3350 Boston
“: RT if you are glad the NBA is Back!” - wooohooo!
Looking forward to seeing you! xoxox
LMAO yeah I remember that wow almost forgot
I really miss and
Late summer 2010, Budapest: "The Danube is so fast, and so strong."
Happy 8/8! Go cop your 88 cent whoppers or the new duo album Watch the Throne! Have a great day hungrigans!
"Our strategy for our Famous Fans is born out of the relationship our athletes have with the SUBWAY brand." Tony Pace (SUBWAY)
lol I like it
I see that! Def keep me posted, something I wanna make happen!
I've done what i can, i've done what i said i'd never do. But baby i did it for you.
Those who were adept and brave fellows I have made military commanders. Those who were quick and nimble I have made herders of horses.
Supermoon night with super fun women!
It's been a while since I've had a really good brain freeze. I need a extra large icee..... Take me back to the good ol days.
Windy today, highs in the 40s. Watch 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS for more on your forecast.
just ridiculous drama & school in general.
Experience comprises illusions lost, rather than wisdom gained
I don't know why is being attacked for anti-republican comments many of us have expressed, I've said some of the exact same things!
I thought the implication was that he failed to get it. For all his live-in-the-now philosophy, he's growing rigid. (cont'd)
Congrats Derek Jeter on your 3000th hit and a homer to boot.
Posting hands-free with Siri makes the 4S almost worth the upgrade alone :-)
Sign up for the Ride to Empower Colorado Team now! First 3 riders - the $100 fee is coverd! to learn more
UGH that is seriously so disgusting.
Baby You Light Up My World Like Nobody Else ! <U+2665> #One Direction
See now all my flavors are garenteed to satisfy.
Toilet. Ring. Tough decision had to be made
#Bbworld11 Digital courses Pearson: Mastering/MyLabs products
S/o to for followin!
I will get the copy to for his verse and then send it to you! I appreciate it homie!
#AmITheOnlyOneThat wants to start a rebellion?
i missed a part of yesterday, but got to listen to part of the jeans discussion. pretty good!
RT : When will we raise the death-toll in Mexico's war? 50K was about right -- a year ago.
Know what I'd like to see? A TV show about vampires! How about it, Hollywood??
Its that time a year to start planning your holiday parties...What a better place then Cantina Laredo! Great food, drinks and friends!!!
I wanna watchin Kim Possible @ Disneychannel
this fat bitch know bout all da new snacks fo dey even hit da streets.. all da bootleg snacks.. the year 2000 snacks...
"Check it out, my bike is a loud piece of shit." -everyone with a motorcycle ever
drew to piss u off more RT “: Tom Crean got a $25,000 bonus for 1st win. Gets another $35,000 bonus for tonight.”
No, you need to say that you're SUPER awesome :)
it's never enough, but you could make it work!“:Thanks for the thought, would 12 days be enough for top to bottom though?”
Seen CYO teams w/better 4th qtr shot selection than the LAC
YOU DON'T DO THIS TO ME. Jennifer's not coming tomorrow and if you don't....WHAT'S GONNA HAPPEN TO ME.
Feeling the Profile Pic Tweeties? it's doing the damn thang in our recent photo shoot! More to come!
I'm doing my homework from history now... I hate that... <U+2665>
MVP dont mean shit unless you got a ring right beside it
we the girls with way to much
Well the girls found the fart noises app on their new iPads. Fantastic.
Where is the list of #hispanicpeoplehobbies or #latinopeoplehobbies as a trending topic?
Sierras, I spot you!
Happy for !
Retailers & Service Providers in USA & Canada. Want to promote your business? Join CRTASA Accessibility Corporate Fellowship Network today!
Nothing makes a writer’s day like a nice book review.
niall told me to ask him out in a few hours. OKAY BBY
lemon- squeeze & freeze the juice in ice cube tray! Ucan use them for along time & handling becomes better this way.
If got pulled over, he'd be like "We talking 'bout weed, not crack, not crack, not crack...
If Roy Hibbert and David West turn it on then the Heat won't be able to stop them. And Granger and George's game is nuts.
definitely the most unprepared I've ever been going to class today. Two midterms in calc and accounting
I see I'm not the only person who noticed lol.
Ready for us ? It's going to be incredible.
why so many hearts :) <333
Crazy start to OT for da Bulls
What is your direct e-mail? I've lost it. I want to send you info about a Design Film Festival.
Matt hunter Matt hunter Marty hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt
RT : Always looking to work with new DJs....anyone want to collab on mixtape hit me up thanks
Pretty sure if Strasberg was in the buccos he'd be batting in front of barmes
oh that is too many stairs to climb. I keep it on the first floor today :)
Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often - Mark Twain What an incredible day it is today: FRIDAY! Enjoy your weekend!
Head ache! -_-
I text fast AF when Im mad!
Dentist time...oh joy!
Four bomb threats today. Guess I'll be having French at my professor's house tonight!
Yep. Neu: Who has trouble keeping up with technology? ( crew flings hands in the air) build environments for learning
<|3 I'm here for you!
The La Mesa Village Farmers' Market on Friday afternoons in the Allison Avenue parking lot east of Spring Street. Between 3:00 and 6:00 p.m.
You can visit the Hub anytime. It's just one floor away.
I'm not Asian? Lol
is Cabin in the Woods super scary? I'm a wuss, but I have Fandango Groupons that need using now and there's nothing else on!
Tomorrow's title, maybe... Five Kinds of Fungus Discovered to be Capable of Farming Animals!
The answer, as you know, is Obamacare. It was not an issue in 08, now it's the #1 issue": what changed in Rick's mind
You DO NOT have to be Polynesian or from the islands to join Island Connex! If you appreciate the culture, or the music then this is da spot
Hey . Can store 1710 get a shout out for winning the North division and 2nd in the company in the race for the cup!
Damn! I'll try not to piss you off more then.
Thanks! Had a great time.
I know if feels good but you need to
Heh, and we're back to kosher. :-)
Love at first sight &
And so now only 87 needed :)! Thanks !
Reception today in Wewoka, 11:30-1:00. Key Ingredients ending its tour at Seminole Nation Museum. Next stop, Fort Gibson!
I want to go To a pool
I hate when workouts use descriptions like "rip" or "shred." Sounds unhealthy.
The windshield is an important part of safety for your vehicle. It prevents the roof from caving in, if installed properly. 414-409-7263
I don't even care I loved Drive.
I've gotten 5 thunderstorm warning texts since 6 oclock & still no rain.
..naaa, but thank ya kindly, cheers!
Mother's Day is this Sunday! She wants to go on a culinary tour!!
Expecting 8" of snow tomorrow here in #Madison... Or will it miss us (like the other predicted "big storms" this year)... What say you?
Pollen is freaking my head out....
From you, too!
Chicken pot pie is back, and this week's cheesecake is pumpkin!
In other words, Ron Burgundy was the balls. My Saturday double feature concludes with Anchorman.
Also, isn't it the person's choice whether or not they share their pics?
I figure that princess Leia would make an excellent DJ. Always ready to scratch the disc with her handy headphones on. :P
stay positive :)
people complain more Brewers aren't on Twitter?
Yes. I am.
I love the National Anthem but I'd rather see Mary J. Blige sing about Fried Chicken.
listening to The Wanted to get some motivation in my day. Thank for being Awesome guys!!
No one knows how to drive when it's raining -_-
“He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.” -Lao Tzu
Wow. Jealous.
too! RT : Just got my flu shot. Took it like a man for once.
Keep calm and get yo' butt in rehearsal, son.
I can't belive I'm in tha atl
- Feel the same! Wish I was there.
Pretty pleased with the pretty reckless EP.
preciate it son
What show? RT : So ya thought ya might like to go to the show...
Using it with a Sr Government class. Just finished a Supreme Court unit and amendment projects.
oh lol wait...I have this comeback video
such a solid call!
We're approaching the last hours for you to get free stuff from the Minister of Motivation, R. Shamar. Order Passion 101 from Rshamar.com
I hate pop ups... U dnt know what I'm doing call b4 u come..
“: Advance Happy Mother's Day kay Tita! :)”- Happy Mother's day to your Mama! :))
knock knock...lol
Had the best weekend with Jason. #inlove <3
Just got gingerbread and its awesome!
if i offer a date only thing I feel responsible for are the coupons. Anything more i'd declining.
every like dark secret on face book
#Summer <U+2600> please #HURRY !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
MAHOMIES! At 5:30pm EST, help the #OhioMahomies out & tweet "Ohio wants Mahone"! We really want to see it! (: RT!
All of this running makes me tired and hungry. But in good ways :)
So tired.
Which Avenger are you?
You were awfully silent when it was 9-0
Such a great time! Can't believe you missed out on the wings! Right, ?
IF YOU WANT MORE INFO REGARDING UPCOMING GLITZ PAGEANTS, FRIEND REQUEST: TASHA LAND (GLITTERGIRLSPAGEANTS)
I'm just recalling my daughter reading "Where the Wild Things Are" with all the growls and monster noises.
RT : "I.like to smoke drink fight and have unprotected sex" WHAT...#beyondscaredstraight-so sad
watchin #raw:D 2 days til my bday :D talk to me on here im bored:D
You would love the #gradnation summit. Parts are being livestreamed if you can check it out.
Thanks for RT the TechCrunch story. Let me know if you want a demo of the platform. Would love to get your feedback.
Watching the Griswolds, Christmas Vacation.
Walked by 2 telescopes on the sidewalk at Harvard St. at Coolidge Corner, w/2 dozen people on line to have a look at the full moon. So cool.
There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart. - Charles Dickens
aha well you don't talk and conversate with me aha
everyone follow ! she is super cool and nice ! :)
Mr. Lippman of Pendant Publishing, on #MadMen? #WorldsColliding!
RT What are other pressing issues you'd like to see... << overcoming the fear of success!
that is terrible news! if you miraculously whack them out in the next few hours...we're gonna party!
#BasketballWives ain't no joke man....can't wait to catch up on that!
#milwaukee Plenty of fresh stock is in building#2. Including Azek trim boards and mouldings!!
What If im not in SF.. can we still sext?
don't talk to me. you can't, remember?
Happy Birthday fellow ascedian Dan V!
Hide not your talents. They for use were made. What's a sundial in the shade?- Ben Franklin
your so popular with your 20 followers haha
People give up because they think about how far they have to go instead of how far they've already gotten.
you watched the whole thing then?
Beautiful day in sacramento 2day. Less than 5 followers away b4 we give away free ice cream. Rt & lets get some winners!
agreed, check out the video I just posted. Kills me to watch that after what happened in NC today.
looks/feels a little more like SportsCenter than its earlier incarnation
Yes, good luck this afternoon! Hope you can help #mla12 go out with a bang!
I wish you could turn on red in NY
have u gotten a chance to send that vocal track yet??
Ten years ago: Congressional Democrats demanded to be told what President George W. Bush knew about terrorist threats before Sept. 11 as the
RT : Have you checked out our new dbase of artists' projects "On Our Radar"? Read more about this new initiative on our blog:...
Happy Birthday to all of my Leap Year friends!
you're welcome(:
looks Delish. Thanks for the follow!
Ugly duckling. :(
. been using wistia for over a year and recommend them every chance we get. They are amazing
I think i got my.mojo back lol
that's how it goes. OKC has been chillin
It's going down right now...Brass-A-Holic Wednesdays in full swing @ The 12 on Fulton St!! GET IN THERE!!!
good quotes, my friend!
Headed to first gathering: Camelot Neighborhood Assn at Peace Lutheran Church.
hahahaa. your not cool. :)
11 states, including Colo. Fla & Tenn, seek #NCLB waivers per 39 states + DC & PR have said they will apply.
We miss you guys too!!!
glad to hear it. That's why we do it! Unveiling some new products soon: gluten-free, and salmon scrapple. Thank you!
Come be baby. <3
you, yes you reading this FOLLOW>>>> <U+2665>
yes it was a great time and I appreciate the tickets so much! Have a great weekend!
Not sure what this refers to but it made me laugh out loud! : Professor Booty
pure hatred towards my parents. ive never seen two people be so nasty and hateful in my life. there is no respect.
Nick, rather. Not a nice cave a Nick Cave. Completely different kind of cave.
OMG this is brilliant!
If you are hiking or backpacking in the Rockies, bring an extra change of socks. You will still find snow and A LOT of wet ground!
I did
I notice in the video they feature the book "The Lean Startup." That must have been a strong influence.
I am flipping back and forth.
I prefer living a nude lifestyle
lol ty it'll go fast free n easy he's in prison lol
a good 1st Quarter
Thanks!!! Excited about the 1st day of classes? RT That is a great fortune!
er, was he calling from the afterlife?
Oh please don't go. We'll eat you up! We love you so!
Newspapers, coffee and watching the snow fall.
Hanging with the forensics guys from the sheriff's office.
hahaha mickey mouse is coming out... i always knew. it was the ears.
Funky butt-lovin'! RT : The Cubs are coming into town. Watched film on them last night. That's right Rookie of the Year!
Dang!! That would have been a beautiful catch!
always be content with what you have even when it seems to be little.
u home now
Also, I'm doing content strategy with now. Great gig, great company. Looking forward to SXSW. cc:
next time...!
76 arrested in Medicaid protest
Cherry Lifesavers, you are magical.
I just worked from 10 am monday until 2 am tuesday. So tired.
WOW, I REACHED MORE THAN 1.540 FOLLOWERS.
this is awesome, AJ, my wife and 8 year old daughter have donated their hair... Great cause...
Thanks for the follow! I think your WikiMommy site will help out a dad like me too! :)
:) I've been well! Just busy with things that have taken me away from my blogging duties! Thank you for the #FF!
IM IN THE BUILDING REPORTING FOR DUTY MAAM !!! LOL !!
Congrats to all my MU seniors :) :) too many to mention but I love you all!!
Those dropping due to, not the price increase, but the starz deal falling through: the quality was awful; full screen/no HD. awful.
What happened to letang????
but my lungs so muddy, i love the way it taste, drink it till im ugly baby fuck me while im faded
Doing Smarter Than Reagan. A bird just dive bombed the window and is dead. It's mate has stayed with it. It's like The Avian Notebook.
Free parking in downtown Hollywood.
YES it does -.- oh yeah at least you got to go there :)
GIRL I WANNA yeah yeah yeah :/
apologies for the delayed follow. Always looking for potential markets to expand in.
and I can entertain ourselves with a retractable sharpie marker during math.(:
Poll: What's your favorite or the most addictive social network you use? Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Tumblr, or other.
How did ya find my twitter lol!
Rings of flowers around your eyes and I'll love you for the rest of your life...
Arrived in ATL...miss FL and everyone bein there so much :( hate how it only takes a huge party to bring us together ;(
The Tennessee Volunteer Football team should have a great attitude this season. They will be a reckoning power if they stay focused
can u please help me get justin to follow me ? me Please ? im a true belieber Please can u help it would mean the world 2 me
hhmm but then you live with the man its annoying
Very tired so I am going to go to bed. God bless everyone and remember to give your love ones a hug.
thank you!!
I'll treat a woman like a queen and a bitch like a slut.
wait...not that i spelled peaches wrong tho...
Okie dokie i dont know how much it costs but I promised I would go. Its just at dipiazzas so i think its like $10.
No problem! Credit earned, credit due.
Great national anthem!
C'mon Grizzlies, I hate the Clippers almost as much as I hate the Lakers
i've been doin for a month in a half cuz my mixs aren't done and i only dj'd three partys
visiting would like to see u, where can we find u and what hrs? Wanted to text, got new phone and don't have your digits :(
Maybe I care about the wrong people!
Update:The FTC is craking down on MLM that make income claims.
It's because ur Gorgeous!
i would love to speak with someone in customer relations (not service) before the day is out. *fingers crossed*
or air
No ? Meyer is a great coach but trust me the Gator Nation would pick Spurrier by a landslide as greatest coach
are you gonna do a part in all my movies? Think uou need to now. How is it being a mom?
Definitely cheesy but HIGHLY addictive.
I'm definitely going to visit! : ) and as for getting a job there, I'm working on it! Hopefully I can get something!
I hate that I miss you. I hate that you forgot about me. I hate that you don't want me. I hate that I still care about you.
Lazy afternoon at my parents watching one of my favorite movies of all time The Outsiders.
Congratulations to Libby Graham, heading to Dublin for a Film/ Video Production internship this summer!
Why is Carson Daly so dull? Come on get some pizazz!! The current version of Dick Clark has more energy.
thanks man. Kids seemed excited about possibilities. Want to try other classes, too. What do u use to make video annotations?
Not you!!
G'night(:
On the 4 I'm the only one up right now! Lmao
Yay just hit my 400 follow!!!!
Ewok? No way. I'm bringing my Awok to this cookoff!
IMMA CANCER TOO!!!:) My birthday is 2 days before yours<3
I was gonna send you pics of my breakfast tacos...but I ate them too quickly. Sorry.
#FACT Here's what you need to know about MEN and SEX: mylikes
Metallic 5s, probably 7.5 to 8/10 condition. Soles not yellowed but not icy blue either. Listening to offers if anyone's interested
it was the GREATEST NIGHT of my LIFE!
me though
RT : Favorite Dr. Seuss quote of all time, "It is better to know how to learn than to know."
For everyone that knows my cat: she weighs 17.8 pounds
Studio time yeahh that happy friday to you all
Thank you, Bill for all your years of work on behalf of students at You will be missed! is lucky to have you.
TURN THAT FROWN UPSIDE DOWN CLOWN
We had a fantastic shoot last weekend. Thanks to everyone who helped out. Now to start sorting through the footage!
possibly so, can you tell me more?
Thanks for the prayers. Ginger's interview (and drive) went well. Should hear something next week.
Con’t – It’s a little sad and pathetic when some has-been is crying over technology and the future. If you don’t like it you Grandpa – poof!
Mailing a few promotional postcards today.
Let's fast forward to roughly 3pm when I will be blissfully perusing the shelves at the Daughters of St Paul bookstore.
Thanks, I especially like the quote: "Judges aren’t comfortable viewing life as a form of damage"
Still a few hours left to get 30% off! Use coupon "UPANDRUNNING".
stomach pains coming back. damn u stomach
My voice is sore.
Q5: Look forward to the sun @ the end of each day. Reflect on the energy of the new students & draw from that.
how have u been???
RT iBodyFit: #MotivationalQuotes Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome. -Samuel Johnson
On Twitter & FB you the best..the bravest in the real world you're the lamest..try mixing the two into reality
Someday, someone might come into your life and love you the way you've always wanted.
#Love will come our way 2 FIX us when we're broken & we'll turn it away n attemps 2 fix ourSELVES not realizing we CAN'T b fixed without it.
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
Me too. Let's fight about portfolios.
I get it, I don't get it ,I don't get it !
saw them at InSounds office space Monday. Wow. Hubba. Extreme. 'Verb. Free Brews. Free Love. Cazzual. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Learning all about the farm life of Abernathy! You have 4000 circles!!!!
I'm not sure who got more coffee on them, me or my laptop keyboard. There's a lesson there somewhere. ^jl
Follow - where Rock and Roll Royalty go for their guitar and concert gear art.
Damn sixers need more.heart than that!
Thank you for being my 2000th follower on Twitter! I would love to send you a copy of my eBook on Sleep Deprivation.
#Youmightbwahoodratif I hit it
The one thing I like about going to my grandpas doctor the medcine they give me ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
so glad you are interested - email for more info
I miss both of you.
...pretty sure I just tracked dog shit onto the carpet during my audition. now i'll be remembered as "dog shit guy". score!
you have got to be kidding me, girls are so strange, and vain.
Awesome - Congratulations!
Glad you like our best of #Miami list on ! Any other hot spots you think we should add?
I still use that ! But I just made a mature email the other day lol
Why does every Philly sports team have different team colors?
Own the night like the 4th of July ...
Let me get my 6inch heels on so then you can appreciate me then :P
The Soppressatta ( Hot ) Panini is the go to Sandwich for Today!!! yummy...
The special Spicy Beef Salad is a life changer!!! Thank you Nattha! I'll see you for lunch again tomorrow bc now I'm obsessed!
What does a pig use to write his term papers with?Pen and Oink!
first comes heavy breathing, staring at the ceiling...what will happen next...i don't wanna know
You are the playmaker !!
Good morning Tweethearts! LA is so beautiful this morning. Every morning!
#ObamaInHistory In the early years, Jesus frequently sought out Obama for advice.
congrats on the new job!
The CSBG committee meeting kicks off @ 10:15am. Will you be attending?
in my best "The Weeknd" impersonation "I got chuuuuu"... and you knw im always ready girl.
DDS Design Services is proud to announce it was awarded Chicago Home Improvement Magazine's Make Over of The Month for January / February.
Mole enchiladas @ sausilito taco shop. Sublime!
Got a new friend..
"Politicians listen to people who give money or show up in their face. Get off Facebook, get facetime" - Darell Hammond,
: The only thing I miss about having tv is . I knew you had good taste.
Code red WBA is in the buildikg RT : Tweeting in the white house, no big deal
Cannot wait for Uncle Sam to pay me back some of my $!! Lots of stuff I have to knock off my checklist!
After today all I want are the Smokies and Myles Heck,
Thank you for the #FF!
Let me see
If the web is like a worldwide mind, what constitutes our worldwide heart?
You can Dance every Tuesday from 1PM to 4PM at American Legion Post #27, 920 Monroe Avenue $5.00/person.
Check out our first issue, transmission, coming soon for fall 2010.
“: maybe Elway should send Knowshon to NE. We would only get a few sets of shoulder pads in return.” LOL
Wow, it's been a year since my graduation from undergraduate... Time has flown!
I love you too bro!! We've come a long way... And much to cover...but no worries, no fears...ready to Get to #Thenextlevel :)
will you please follow me? :)
I would rather spend a million hours in the library tonight than work. So much to get through still
That awesome feeling when you pay off your last credit card.
Happy Halloween!
Off to a listing appt and then a pre-closing walk through... Busy day.
It's kind of becoming my if-you-read-one-book-in-2012 ... book.
Why not Skyline Restaurant in Portland? :(
: Coolness Alert: Create your own iPhone App!
I want to send Mike Brown hate mail. He's a terrible coach
Its not cool for you to approach me while I'm pumping gas and it look like you got a mouth full of wisdom teeth and puppy breath!
ATTENTION!!! "LIKE" us on Facebook and be entered into our drawing for an iPAD2!!! Drawing will be announced on here in 72 hours!!!!
I wish tickets to see were cheaper! I just spent $300. That's a whole pay check!
if you follow me ill follow you ...i swear
Ain't thinkin bout you... straight asshole I swear.
9 point lead at half. Now I just need the #Bulls to #Closeout in the 2nd half unlike they've been doing thus far.
Day 2. Getting my wind back! Slow and steady! I just finished a 2.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
suddenly all over twitter. He must have a new social media editor
Be jealous, I meet Austin 4 times, went to his concerts and take lots of photos. YES, IN MY DREAMS :)
“: Shouldn't Santa Claus make more appearances in the off-season?”. No because he is semi retired. He doesn't need this shit
So sad to hear. Was looking forward to meeting you there. Good luck with everything though. You still have the home opener!
everyone knows that rule.
I'm trying!
I MISS YOU TOO LADY BUG!
oh you did not dis the ICONics!!!!
The real question of the day is: how did I feature in your dream? Hopefully with unicorns and rainbows.
Our rockstar bar BAMF has a whole legion of fans here representin' for Get Your #Cocktails On at the Hard Rock #ABQ!
hate that, makes me worry. not ok
DAMN.... Another Loss... #smh ... Had The Game.. We Let It slip... We'll get him back in Game 3 back in L.A.
okay sounds good! cant wait to get it... i tryed to send u a DM back but couldnet sence you dont follow me :/
RT Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. ~ Martin Luther King ~<U+270D> ~
SAVE THE DATE - JUNE 29 - GENERAL MEMBERSHIP MEETING AND NEW MEMBER ORIENTATION - NBMBAA-MILWAUKEE CHAPTER | more details to come
Will YOU see #snow in the morning? Russ, Brenda and got you covered on starting at 6am! Stay warm friends!
sadly getting a.handle on how much it costs to do most things I'm our district is my greatest challenge
Hey, you. Yeah you (; follow my Instagram? *CurseTheVengeance* Let's just say, I'll love you forever..
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked ? oh, that's an easy one: "where's the body?" ugh. drives me crazy... really really crazy. Like really crazy...
RT : Sleep is my drug. My bed is my dealer. My alarm is the cops. Class is the jail.
Feels good being home! Had a pretty good day today!
ok thank you!
O, I can get that...I kno women can get alota grungy when they wana! Not 2 b mean but their's som roads I jus don't follow!!!
Okay. Thanks for the awesome tip!
#ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo not giving a fuck when u really should
After that speech, President Paul is trending worldwide. "Freedom is popular, don't you know that?"
Bad draw for Indiana....they dont want to play Wichita St, let alone Kentucky
Makes foul balls fair... with his mind.
true! Also "Minimally-Lighted Voudon."
haa ok its more like 5 then and yes he is.
Thanks for the RT Raul.
In math!! Ehehe
Welp I have a final at 945 and a presentation at 1045... Which one to study for!?
I gotta get me some of that for my new place!
Hey email/message/call me. We need to talk spring baseball!
Yay! A wee royalty check in mail box this morning! is finally deducting taxes for me. Just in time for visit to the accountant!
Proofreading matters. I just received an email that I've won the London Olympics. Er...I think he meant to say Lottery.
We're at the #SFnewtech women in tech event!!! Come find us, we'd love to meet you :)
Yes! Which is why the *disappointed* tone from left critics seems misplaced.
Nobody hates software more than software verifiers.
will b there tomorrow; trying to boost the intensity
it would definitively part of your own stream. Positive.
If you join, I will totally organize a PDAC event to come cheer you on. With butterbeer.
RT I'm open to anything where people on foot who are texting are getting in the way, being a hazard. U know a pissed cyclist?
#WhyDoiAlways feel hungry and/or tired
Now available for commercial work in San Francisco Bay Area.
i miss you ma!! haha eyy i got so much to tell u:)
no I didn't I said that I liked both zayn and.niall and I didn't care which one I got. So technically I didn't say that
Murray is so amazing. His speech was great and made me sad, yet excited.
Congrats to Archaeology Club for being named Club of the Year! We're very proud:)
Hoping that 2012 brings an end to #chillwave #tmz and
Howdy, need to ask a favor: I am trying to get demographics for the folks that bought my book, as it seems that there is transparency. Help?
oh god.
yup. check out He's an awesome artist and a rising star in the pro artist scene! Great style!
it's pretty awesome! Even tho I'm pretty new to his stuff.
watching grey ghosts on the internets.
Its in your head... RT : How is my injection starting to hurt. AGAIN.
- #ShitMattSays "Turns out that peace has a fucking terrible lobby."
It's time to bid! auction starts soon at #CoSN12, proceeds support
Watching the runaways
We're going to have a great time :)
is coney crashing twitter? now at least i have a reason to tweet. coney!!!
Fractionating of development for mobile devices is a royal pain (yeah that's the technical term)
UPCOMING SHOW: Thursday, Aug. 12 at 8pm at UCB-LA. Spread the word!!!
Three day - 5 party weekend! Insanity starts at 8pm. If you are a couple that swings this is where you want to be. Live band, Pig Roast, Sex
Shameful...track 'em down, make 'em pay!
today was fun with .. & i love her house it's so awesome !(: just need some btr posters hahah jkk .. Today was cool(:
Coming to Saint Joe's this sat. You need anything?
the crib Wat up
Happy Cinco De (Americans excuse to drink) Mayo!
I'm not sure, but something tells me 140 characters might not be enough for you. Am I wrong?
Constantly lying to get your way
should we go to bed now?
Off days, while good for the team, make Ben sad. No Thunder tonight either :(
LOL, i don;t know why but people are scared of my dad, he's cool and shit,
haha yeah the park & stuff? haha
I don't know who the special guy will be but I plan on loving hard....I'm planning on loving you hard!!
hey everytime the Lakers score I feel like me and you are yelling at the same time!!!
Thanks so much, Mr Penguin! We're very fond of your species.
if you're going to spend that type of money there're a lot better cigars available
We should trend
dude i swear , this girl is pissing me off , shes just mad cause she cant accept the fact that she got in trouble on her own
Lots of product placement : blah blah blah brand blah blah blah brand blah blah brand brand :P
GO NY!! and no didn't ): my parents wouldn't let me. they don't trust me to go into nyc on my own. (i live on LI)
RT : Remember when they used to talk about a constitutional amendment to allow Arnold to run for president?
best show on network tv behind modern family. Step up you humor game!
Out shopping this afternoon for a new purse! What color should I buy for spring?
I love my mustang! I think we're about to get something else though. We need something bigger.
Sports Authority calls me into work Thursday. Which is extra money but I wish they called me in today! I dont wanna go home!
Good night bro! so great seeing you guys on the stage again u killed it! I bet you can't even sleep! lol
#canucks #blackhawks what were they looking at
BizVertizing. Advertising, for more than what it's worth..!
Mark your calendars for Bead Fest Philly, August 20-23! Many fabulous classes still available!
i like her hair. lol
Eric Northman, you sexily gorgeous man..
What's in it?
hi! Can u follow me? Please and thank you! (: bye! (:
#hth2012 Good conf. but highly academic. Wish more software developers, NGOs here. Could give good thinking in Web, design, engagement
What is a topic you'd like to see us blog about? Let us know! Your wish is our command!
Have you always wanted to learn how to swing dance? Come in at 8 tonight for some lessons, no partner needed!
Martinez-- the govt is working w/ PTSD victims, not to help but to "cure" them enough to send them back to war
true indeed brother true indeed
New Music/Tour schedule/Music Video's comming soon
The moment when you are on the highway and the otherside that you aren't on is in a traffic jam and then you like : You are TIGHT!!!! lol
ok, somebody needs to just make a film called "Coachella." let's get it over with. Diego Luna directs. Agyness Deyn, Joseph GL & we're done.
I'm so excited for our "shin-dig" tonight! :P
Why do people hate Friday the 13th? I was born on the 13th, pretty lucky for me!
Okay, flu virus, I get it, you can hang in against my immune system for a week and counting, ha ha, you got me.
WELCOME to WWVC! We hope you enjoy your conference experience, and look forward to seeing you!
RT : Thanks very much for sharing our news! || Our pleasure! cc:
did you just join twitter?
how would you know if i said before we started talking?
#YoMommaSoFat thr army stole her underwear to use as parachutes.
thanks! I like yours too! Haha :)
wait, what? But you're canceling all those flights out of Milwaukee??
thx so much for kind tweet about my luncheon preso last Thurs :) It was an info-packed event w in tow :)
flight to Montana with Startup Nation!
I saw that very same candy cane-striped shirt at K&G the other day.
put your hand on her thigh.
Simply the best.
Q. What did Adam say to Eve? A. Stand back, I don't know how big this thing gets!
Memories they soon delete
they've all walked by already
Idk what it is about working out, but I feel much betta
Sometimes I wish Chick Fil A had secular hours. lol
Outside..:)<U+E022><U+E328><U+E327> looking pretty<U+E106><U+E106><U+E106>hheheee<U+E327>
July 17, 1941 - Joe DiMaggio's consecutive -game hitting streak ends at 56. Joe went 0-3 against the Cleveland Indians in Cleveland.
hi kyrs <U+270C>deuces
A closed mouth doesn't get fed, speak up!
#MappingAuschwitz2012 getting ready for flash event Friday int'l #Holocaust remembrance day. Text mapla to 25827
"This earth is a vast harmonic wave system that is built and sustained by unheard music.” Corinne Heline (1882-1975)
Awww! What a doll! He's such a big boy!
I'm not just jelly...IM FREAKING GRAPE JELLY!!! lol idk
you don't need to get me NOTHIN ;-)
I KEEP SAYING IMA DO IT BUT THEN SOMETHING ELSE ALWAYS COME UP.
why do you girls do that?
What RU planning for #EarthDay in April?
That look on a girls face when she thinks she'll never forgive you...
still painful...very painful
oh no. Your crazy.
sent a dm to your dad, , but we'd love to be interviewed! contact me directly at .
On pp. 44-45 of today's NY Daily News, two stories: my feature on the Grammy cuts controversy, and a profile on Miguel Zenon.
Ain't that the truth.
Yes I am married to the man. :) Thanks for the support. Hopefully you'll get a kick out of his latest. It releases tomorrow.
Hunter smash!
Coffee. It's what's for breakfast. And lunch. And dinner.
I'm campaigning for an showroom in the Highlands or NuLu. Good idea, right?
Jezebel and Project Rungay. Photoshopped models and January Jones' bad wardrobe choices = news that matters to me.
it starts at 7th and goes to 12th :)
Can't believe I'm in a t-shirt already!!
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 7
RT Our character is basically a composite of our habits. ~ Stephen Covey
their "fried" chicken is pretty good
I understand:))
I still have to watch the live chat. My friend was one of the ones who went. I was on my way to kiss studios during the chat. x
“: ya like this weekend! I'm going to NYC Sunday till tues so maybe Saturday night” In!
Today is "Tweed Day" and "Don't go to Work Unless it's Fun Day." No, we're not kidding.
Sketch Up breaks less hearts. RT :Leaving my friends watching the Phils to go do comedy. Sketch Up at here I come
That movie was so good. Nuff said. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
I wish he had a twitter. Oh he does. Oh he hasn't tweeted in 2 months. Screw you...cause I still care.
RT :Georgia has what Hemingway called"that devotion to stern justice of men dealing in death without being in any danger of it."
Had such an amazin day today<U+E056>
thanks! I believe it was the publisher and author's response to some feedback on the original. I appreciate your support!
Indeed it was a party with Shaun tonight. Good meeting you!
One month anniversary today ^.^ <3 she makes me so happy:D <3 #fuckyeah<3
haters only hate cause they cant handle all the class<3
is staying home with a sick little boy today
So, tomorrow I guess I will forget about ILike and just put them on my website like before. No Wonder nobody is recording them! Crap I say
It wasn't fun -__- But a woman gotta do what she has to do. Once a year so I'll be cool for a while lol.
Is Social Media Playing a Role in a Global Power Revolution?
hope this is ur official twitter..Big fan that use to watch ur show on mtv a long while ago! You rock!
Just finished a graphic project for the Pristine Empire graphic sale.
If we look to big-time college sports coaches to be "molders of young men," I despair for the future of American masculinity.
If u don't have kids when u were a kid how old were u or how did u find out your parents were Santa?
What is everyone saying about #LeBron? WWW.USSportspages.com
If you're a non-creative and have to work with creatives, we have an event for you. March 13th. Stay tuned for more details.
Thank you Vanessa for the re-following. Have a Blessed Sunday evening.
lol ok n im finna find u
I don't understand why people don't like beer, its so refreshing.
If Tannehill somehow lasted till freaking 37 I'd still be pissed if the Browns took him. Gimme a break w this Tannehill talk.
Charlotte, North Carolina
whats up? I'm a huge fan. Who is ur fav person to perform in the ring with?
FBCD!!! 15+ bagger from here!!! PROMO STARTS TODAY. Stock of the year right here IMO.
Dropped my ear bud in an open cup of coffee! Not a great start o the day..
nope don't want that we fans hate Man u, next week champions league during pole day uggg.
Today in Literary History: On May 14, 2006 Stanley Kunitz (recipient of the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry) died in NYC.
Last day of ISTE. So little time, so much to do...
That's Albuquerque cush,that's only the finest.Now,shut up,and smoke my weed!
lol RT : Powers out. Sitting in the dark playing #AngryBirds by candlelight... This must be what it's like to be Amish.
I'm in DC. Haha
how easy is it to forget the non self serving stuff when we pray?
tell your mom I said happy birthday!!
your picture makes you look fat like me.
new avi is gorgeous!
Day 15: Bay View
wow say ih ng the exact same thing as me yeah ur cool :)
:) did you cry?
why does everyone hate alyssa milano she isn't doing anything bad sheesh guys
some topics open a can of worms and unless you are planning on fishing for awhile, opening that can was a waste.
yeah they are.
I down my shots till they disappear
Brodeur picks off a puck at center ice with 6 seconds left and scores with 0.04....7-0 #Maineiacs Just silly. That's 31G for Brodeur.
When one "pushes back" a meeting, doesn't that mean they plan to go back in time?
Eenie meenie miney moe, you are nothing but a hoe. You think you're cute, you think you're classy. Reality check: you're really trashy(:
I hope your reading this tweet outside while enjoying this beautiful Saturday!!
Well one last tweet, GO NUGGETS.
wish would follow me :) !! he dont know how much i love him<3
Avengers Assemble!
yes! i'm doing the same, now that i've managed to fix my injured computer. RIP hard drive 2009-2011. also, drinks soon?
#Weightloss and #fitness #motivations can include getting married. What motivates you?
Man, crazy wind is CRAZY.
My humidor won't stay at 70% relative humidity. This sucks!
Those are reported incidents, so I assume there are more, unknown. Still, something I'll keep in mind next time I write.
Anyone else have odd "people" all w/accts. established Sept. 19, spouting pointless "quotes," suddenly following you?
If you suffer from jetlag, follow and send her an @ to ask her for her amazing remedy!
Why do those wanting to punish minors as adults never argue for their #citizenship rights (vote, marry, contract, etc.)?
Excellent. Who knows what's already stored about me but at least I can stop Google from archiving any more hobo murders.
Don't mistaken friendly for flirting....That's how u get ya feelings hurt!
jojo needs to come out with another song
Thanks! Seems to be the favorite.
charlie murphy can tell good stories lol
Just followed my bestie her stupid twitter wont let her follow me ugh
#FF beauty editors - can't wait to meet w/ u next month!
I'd rather lose to you in an argument, than lose you to an argument.
hahaha at least the explanation would be out there. I love the breakdown of the video though. So transparent.
I'm sorry..is it because u didn't get a pony? ;)
I'm happy to take all the wind-powered power ND can send us. They can keep their coal. And NDSU.
Having dinner *outside* on the last day of winter. If only would deliver a beer from across the street. ;-)
Just got out of a meeting with Al Gore, he says my farts are ruining the ozone. I am suppose to hold them in now.
It's 2012 we have <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B2> not <U+260E> . My bad to the people with androids who only see blocks hahaha
Ok, let's start off with the state of Iowa...
Hey brenda are we going to see you at the show on April 14th in Baltimore??
IS EVERYBODY WATCHIN THE GAME
You're always there to point out my mistakes and shove them in my face
Would love to learn what you guys are up to and see if there are some opps to work together in some capacity.
6 to 7 hours left until home
Saga tonight! Ill be live in the mix all night long if ur still in SA! Make ur way out there gonna be crazy!
Live Latin Music in Santa Fe Saturday Night! Nosotros Live @ El Farol Saturday 1/28!
Just got a brand new piercing, brand new tat, 95 dollars for this weave plus tax.
I am very sleepy and not at all ready for it to be Monday
Thanks EVERYONE for the #ff #followfriday LOVE !!
I would like to own an original Delaware before this shit hits the fan.
I love a good pedicure in the morning.
How's your Saturday night going so far???(:
That is good to know...hm. I'm all for pop media but I do worry when the mediocre drowns out the great. :-/
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 24
Send prayers out to those who experienced damage or emotional strain during the storm...
Anyone have cliff notes for Sabina Spielrein's Destruction as a Cause of Coming into Being?! This is my 3rd time thru & it aint any easier:)
I can't wait! No seriously. Getting a head start on my commute now. RT : making s'mores brownies to bring to work tmrw!
It's awful when you no the truth and don't want to except it.
Yeah. You got a problem?
the new site is so lovely (though admittedly did not see the old one... ;) )
Great, thank you!
Fueling your workouts: Pre-Workout intake. Be sure to eat an hour to an hour and a half prior to working out.
Bad Girls club luv that
Here's what's cookin': new music - writing a feature - Increase Our Bust Comedy vids - writing solo musical comedy material - :0)
A smile confuses an approaching frown.
omg glee was like woa
Lol well fuck it. I knew this niggah was gna win. That's why I aint have my hopes up for Cotto to get the decided "W"
Girl just gimme a sign!
Oops, misread our roundup. That 23-0 game was in girls lax, not soccer. Phew.
same. Bored of school. What state are you in again ?
Back to the wack
get ready for our submission!
Getting my hair cut, FINALLY then lunch then work for the night xD good day?
Seems obvious to me the Browns drafted Brandon Weeden because they wanted to bring in an older guy to mentor Colt McCoy.
The #Mets are 4-0 baby!
#BOYFRIEND 10minutes !! Can't wait !!! :D
Do you have a website up?
A real drag. I've been avoiding, trying, hoping ... and avoiding.
“: Iraqi Congress discussing smoking ban on public places. As if there were no more important issues #fail” Fo reals!
I don't think the in-laws would appreciate me ditching them for a tweet up! Are you going to tomorrow night?
"Remember that our sons and grandsons are going to do things that would stagger us."
damn baby your just too cute (:
Thanks to my protest buddy , I'm finally following you. Thanks for all your good work.
Class all day, library all night.
when is the panel discussion!?
we all need to meet up one night soon. #pinktaco?
I KICK ARSE AT WUTHERING HEIGHTS DANCE
“: aw Kate your the best and Teddi rocked my new color!!!” thanks Kim! Hope you love your hair!! Xo
... it's a wonderful experience that every participant will enjoy. Highly recommended!
sorry I was driving and didn't mean to push answer and then I was gonna call you back but I got home. Come over!!!!
Broken Crown is so proud to be named Best in Hard Rock by the OEA Awards. Thanks to all the people who voted, and all of our fans!!!
Love LIfe, live it up <3
haha yes!!!!! I'm so excites:)
NP: Kid Ink-Time of your life
<U+265B> Friend us at www.myspace.com/silentbobbandofficial
Wow.Our beloved field has so many approaches that it's tough to find that place where we all meet.
nun much n miss u 2
Felix Jones or Tim Hightower ? I'm already starting Rex G over Romo.
I'm a straight up bitch on Friday mornings, if you make me get up this early to go these pointless classes I have every right to be.
I haven't felt this shitty in a long time. Birthday was a success :)
Thank you for that :)
We serve Beer and Wine.
Really excited for MLG Raleigh and the new announcement of Heroes of Newerth for the Circuit!!
iLove My Grandmother. She's not even a Gangsta, & she's still Gangsta..
And the sun's gone- that's it! I'm moving to Cali
“: Cool project!!” Thanks! Love the stuff on your site, too!
Worth a shot, right? :-)
Hey Lee, would love to chat with you & can use some of your insights re: IM & MLM.
Thank God! It's been 2 days since I've done it. i'm giving myself a few more Driving down Park Ave in the #roc is the scary part
That's a good point. I just hope they're not trying to cash in on the Natalie Portman connection with the male readership.
Call if you need us!
Bass and Bradley saw our conversation earlier.
He looks like the best player out there every time he takes the field.
heading to bed... going to wake up at 7:00 am. Talk to you all then... PEACE.... :-)
People tell me I look like Selena Gomez . Hahah what
Success is doing what you want to do, when you want, where you want, with whom you want, as much as you want
I hope you are having a good time and making something special for your reunion!!!!!!We have been waiting lot of tiime for this
Jordan Hill just let himself get bullied by a 5-10 PG
psh false statement !
they say 2 b the best in what u do, u gotta work the hardest..being successful isn't magic is just hard work
IMHO, I always contend that R&B never recovered from disco.
good! What about you?
M... Breakfast tacos until 11 am
I gotta sex drive push to start. ;)
Motion on the floor at #occupyoakland for a general strike in oakland on november 2, subject to 90% approval of those present.
I put your magazine in the freezer next to the chips.
its always great up there
good luck tomorrow! I'll be watching and screaming and trying to look professional out West at a PDX KU bar:) #ROCKCHALK!
I get that, but still a good defender at the toughest OF position. I say he should be in. Just me though.
Mike and mad dog back for a few mins .... Tremendous
Team Edward or Team Jacob?
About to straighten my hair :) yay!
Sometimes, i have learned by accident, literally; 1 time i was boxed n during a high speed downhill run; i made four turns 2 avoid every1
Always up too late, facebooking and listening to music. Love songs, tonight.
UFC veteran and Ultimate Fighter 12 alumni 7-3 pro will be fighting Robert Owens 8-2 pro in the main event
hey thanks let me kno if u would like to work
If you know the thread count on your bed sheets we're in different tax brackets
Yes Isaiah, it's because you're black haha :)
Seeing so many boats on trailers coming home from work today its like I'm on the lake
Sex is always the answer, it's never a question, cause the answer's yes.
Never changin a thing
Bro Came in K-Mart with a Dirty Mink Coat & White Powder on his Mustache like.....O_o.....
BIG night for football in Seattle! Might not be the best game of the week, but it's #MNF nonetheless!
i know. me too. metoo. RT search for other lifeforms aaron.tv via i wish more people were on :<
Random acts of #kindness are underrated. Do 1 today!
Miami Dolphins Logos - National Football League (NFL) - Chris ...
Jenna sucks!!!! Bo
upgrade the rental to a mustang for only $10 more? well sure!
Watchin face off.... Good show holy crap!
Something Corporate at the Fillmore Detroit, Aug. 2010!
Making toast with the oven cuz the toaster is broken lol
Fish farming in a high-rise world - BBC News
I love it!
cheers! Have a great weekend
Ah, I see! That makes sense. Thanks!
plz don't shut me sir plz don't :-\
Anthony: Kind of like "the force".... RT : Someone just subscribed to my "FriendFeed". WTF is a FriendFeed
I wish. No Xbox anymore. Broke for good:(
you got "Daddy Long Legs" 30/1 odds good luck!!!
haha its okaai loser you still made my day..<3
ha; E/INTJ's have all the fun
u is on a role tonite ;) lovin ya tweets hun! (been an emotional really preg day) im really feelin ya tweets tho
aw don't worry tomorrow we'll spend all of class together.
Why you gotta where yo sunday clothes on wednesday lol
Kobe was 21 yrs old when he got married. Chalk it up as young and dumb. After court he will be old and feeling dumb.
CUz he needs help.
Funniest: "Despite her Australian accent, her figures of speech and general method of elocution was easy to understand ... 1/2
Digital Age. Teach, Trade, heal and enjoy them all
I just noticed that I burned off some of my hair this morning. Um... Lol.
Ghost :O
I'm gonna miss 106 tomorrow because I have a hair appt....good thing I have a DVR tho! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Congratulations to Dave Casper of St. Edward Central Catholic HS (IL) & Chilton HS (WI) on making College Football Hall of Fame
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." ~Theodore Roosevelt // rt
new keys setup for warped tour, gunna be sick!
Watching Drive. I like it. It makes me wanna move to LA, get involved with it's unconventional underbelly, and have things end badly.
Dreaming of warm weather, palm trees, and big city life.
thanks guys! Appreciate all the support!
Up early & got some good work done. It's amazing how do-able work seems when I'm not trying to balance the Summer Inst with everything else.
goodmorning cruel world <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> AP test here I come
Happy birthday!
getting ready to fly to Dallas for this salvation army interview.
Dood, graduation is today and I'm still in bed.
One of my Favs
Chris Lowery out at SIU. Remember when he was one of the hottest coaching names in the biz just a few years back? Cruel profession.
thank you! :) Yeah!
If Bo Ryan hadn't come calling, Our Hero probably would have gone to Rutgers. Admit it: Garden State Gasser would have been a cool nickname.
CHECK RICK ross live in DALLAS MAY13th...
Team USA had an AWESOME game! Congrats to Japan ...you're bringing good news to your country at a time when you need it most.
favorite team growing up?
The entire series has been so far. waiting to see if they do a movie.
Excited about my school's new tech acquisition, so jealous I have to wait my turn for the official training!
I wish! Very kind if you sirs! “: are you at ? Would love to buy you a beer!”
Only can make a green bandana on your head look sexy <3
Shall we stop looking at life as a problem to be solved? And start looking at life as a reality to be experienced!
Beginning of the end #senior :(
I should have gone to the gym today. I didn't. Totally slept in. Now i'm kinda feeling guilty.
Me and pondering a trip to see in #Hotlanta #fourthofjuly..oh and Coldplay will be there too;)
Try trusting him for once., and let him be who he is, quit trying to change him to please yourself.
Congrats to Graig Markel on an outstanding release party!
sorry to hear that :-(. I guess everyone has their own way to give.
Exactly. That kind of behavior should be reserved for the bar.
Warren Buffett has succeeded in seriously tarnishing his reputation since 2000. He is more interested in politics than sound thinking.
What's the skinny? You in town this weekend?
It should, but check your syllabus.
"Groaking" is act of watching people eat food hoping they'll offer you some. " Sorry you have to go through this at every meal.
follow me back then
Relo to #Richmond, #Va in May: hubby attending #VCU #OT school; looking for #jobs in #healthcomm, #CME, #socialmarketing or similar|DM me
thanks my woman <3 :)
We could even get crazy and do Ding's Dock canoes!
not above certain elevations.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL YOU MOMS OUT THERE!
How'd it take me so long to start listening to ?
Any ideas on where we should play our next show?
I wanna go back to LA so freaking bad.
#ItGetsMeMadWhen guys don't know their
if a girl got her own job make her own money pay her own bills got her own house nd dnt need no nigg
Poop fest yet again #finalsroundtwo ; I apparently need to stop eating #buttonfireeee <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
im finna get high, fuck stress.
def checking it out! My stretch marks r mostly 30+ yo can it help? Oh & loose skin? Ppl will wanna know! This!
you can't hang.
An immediate karmic payback for my snippiness five minutes ago. I deserve it.
My Black Ops Is So Slow Now :(
Now we're talking!
I'm not the type to complain about work, but back to back to back to back 18hr. days is a bit much. >:-/
He is also so obnoxious
I'm here and ready to go!!
Yes! come to DAM and let's meet up. Can't wait to see you. Call me and we'll figure out deets.
Chelsea Lately now
Dance first. Think later. It’s the natural order. ~ Samuel Beckett
But start salivating: Gun Crazy tonight with Peggy Cummins in attendance. The noir style done in style by TCM!
oh right ok, say I have heard the name Ryan Sykes too:L x
YAY! I'll see you there. And hopefully we'll be screening #FeastoftheFoolish at as well!
I cannot accept that flares/bellbottoms are back in style. It reminds me too much of when I was 13.
I only go with the"eye test". People that played in my lifetime. Otherwise I'm going on other people's opinions
It's the Ides of March. Both my brother and I have out birthday on the day that Ceasar was killed. Et tu, brute?!
I've noticed so many artists working with video-game-inspired imagery. Writer friend is putting his stories inside game worlds
Exciting group trip to Jamaica. Who's ready? Negril#OchoRios#Montego Bay
": Erbody ass look big when they put it on a sink Ijs"
by where?!
Bets are on to see who stays the longest.
Just got this....awesome!
MON Lunch Salad Special:Baby Arugula in a Pesto Buttermilk Dressing w/Oven Roasted Tomatoes, Shaved Prosciutto Americano, Toasted Pine Nuts
An e-mail with a shipping quote to Canada was sent to you Lynn. Let us know if you have any other question. Thanks
RT So excited for Friday! #titanic #popcorn #girlsnight WOO!
Solid! Right On!
Ok so my localhost dev area in Wordpress just started throwing a crap load of errors saying their code is deprecated? Uh k No its not.
Dalton&#39;s Four Principles,is the law of the magi that applies and make ...
i will NEVER doubt you, i will NEVER hate you, I will NEVER lose hope!(: You do so much for us & i appreciate it! iloveyou !<3
NFL's portly, unkempt coaches should pay attention to the fit, well dressed college hoops coaches in the NCAA tournament. Be a role model!
Next week is the last half off dinner on Mon & Tues at The Clifton Inn. If you have not been - its a really great deal.
Friday Night Lights is on TNT right now. I cannot escape this franchise.
Sometimes all you need is a second chance, because time wasn't ready for the first one. Yeah' thats true .. °<U+062A>°
Thx! RT After the Free Throw Guy interview i'm now following
I do not. Get paid. Enough. For this. shit.
Wow WMYB just comes on the radio the same time it comes up on my iPhone hahaha <333333
very true I trusted him to take me to movies I could actually watch. NOT any more :)
how u today
BOOM!!! great seeing you today my homie!!!! #epichits!
Thanks !! What's going on tomorrow 4 u?!?
what happened can u tweet a link?
Was there a #football game yesterday? Oh, another ho-hum pro bowl....why do they even bother?
Thanks for following, Stan. Honored!
I feel that way about The Phantom Tollbooth.
Last Night was a cool night for Karaoke! Thanks to all who came in and sang!
I'll never be what you want .
u no I will ur lyk my big brother
fantastic! linking mail chimp to twitter actually worked. i <3 social media!
Still working through Calvin's Institutes. Never thought something so classical/academic could be so devotional as well. So rich.
I may have confused myself. I got it now--but still, the workforce is only smaller because people have given up trying.
What a beautiful morning in Reno.... okay, except for the cutting wind, chance of more snow, and crazy drivers. But otherwise - beautiful.
I think channel 192 is the nhl radio.
the problem is she doesn't have anything interesting to say
thanks for the RT!
Me too lol
You ain't tryna love me, baby, just fuck me instead.
I'm good...trying to nap but there are SO MANY THINGS HAPPENINGS
"Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement." - C. S. Lewis
“: I'm glad to be a part of this. And witness you live out life.”
woo hoo thank you for that up date. Ready for this weekend with NATO and of coarse the crosstown classic?
Earlier I stood in line behind 2 women that were smoking . . . at the gas station. They didn't buy any gas. Just more cigarettes and candy.
keep your head up... 6flags saturday?? You going?
my friend at school is mad at me I don't give a fuck I don't like her ass anyway, I hope she stays mad at me FOREVER.
fine u
#whatnottowear plaid and stripes.
Hello Friday. You are looking better than we remember...
plus from how u fitting that dress up top..U gets props!!!
goodnight twitter family
has the best spirit and creativity of any contestant on the show. Chad is sweet but just to old school and phi phi is rude
hahah I was thinking that as I typed to tweet
RT lets get down?! Yes please! Rogues Gallery MKE is the spot!
RT : The new attention span is just 9 seconds - scary or not? If you have the most fascinating option, it's not.
dont make me cry JUST DA BITCHES
took you long enough ! (:
if you've never been you should def check out #instameet on Monday night!
Why do Portuguese institutions behave as if the internet hadn't evolved since 1998? If they acknowledge its existence at all.
Oxy Mo: Partial Solution
hell yea!
Grandsons' sleepover includes Wendy's for supper and Doctor Who marathon!
:) just ate dinner. A huge steak. Nothing else. And that's what my paleo parents ate most nights too. Later, a few almonds...
The South Asian author panel was one of the best I attended!
haha your guess is as good as mine.
I'm with you on the laundry! My couch is full of satisfying stacks Now!
yeah I had no idea!
So basically last half hour and I finished day 2 with 159.1k coming back to 1500 3000 200 tomorrow at 11am.
Rt 30 to UTC Bus 348 driver at 16:10 asked passenger to "tone down the language." Much appreciated after several miles of foul words.
Happy Friday! MT Gr8t seeing you lovely pr ladies at
Yooo u was doing the MOST LAST NIGHT
Studio visit morning. Lincoln Center luncheon + NOLA artist talk afternoon.
lol it says, "Good morning! today is a fresh new day! Live life grand
haha its alright and well I'm bout to be 16 so your really not off(x
Stillness is the move...like the fog
Just found out im up for a great indie film LOADED.........Great script..great role!
#MyLastWishFor2011 That We didn't have to go out & celebrate with the rest of the world... We can lay up, watch T.V & just chill
That awkward moment when you have porn stars following you.
on oovoo with &
Yea kunitz.....get that little bitch
jesus christ your phone system is so aggravating! it's like you want people to use my lost debit card :(
Officially Three More Months .. :)
My mom won't buy me anything cuz she said I owe her $100. -____-
« I could never be with a boring person»
I am the last of my kind.
lol true pixel mastery is when the client doesn't complain
Gotta love Adele!
The exhibition opens on Oct.16, hope to see you in the Museum soon!
this kid talks way to much. i'm gonna kill him .
When you have a need that pops up, reach out to those in your network to see if they or someone they know can help you fulfill it.
Facebook gamers who spend money average about $29 monthly, more than free-to-play game spenders via -...
Recommendations on Austin based #dataviz folks to follow? Would love to see a #FF on a Wed!
Hahahaha! Well I always be worrying and thinkin bout you playa.
Clearly the disturbances on the surface or Mars and the crash/explosion outside Princeton are unrelated.
Today I am determined not too be bored as hell like yesterday.
Not everything is about you. Well, except this. This is definitely about you. /via
California love for Andre
Just spilled a bunch of mac 'n cheese everywhere and then remembered the Challenger explosion :(
"best freshman he has seen this year"
Whereas when King tosses off bad sentences/dialogue - which he does all the time - it's at least hilarious.
12 more likes until 11,000! That's awesome!
Oh my. I really hope reconsiders these ridiculous graphics and simulations next time around. Most of them look silly.
I'm not one of your random followers. I paid you for a service. Where's the customer service?
All the boys that I have a crush on is a lie. Its just things that could take my mind off of you.
Jealous- great shot!
Silver Stars come out playing strong defense, lead Sparks 13-2 in Los Angeles.
I worked for a liberal Dem in Congress and usually think that way. I just like people to agree on facts.
If it ain't Frank's RedHot hot sauce or Tabasco sauce...I can't f*ck wit it!
This! When i looked they had 180 RT : wtf has over 1k? they had 200 last night. UNFOLLOW. what are you doing?!?
Really disappointed Milwaukee isn't showing better support for small businesses in food trucks. Love those guys!
only if you give him 3 seasons to get to that total.
Lazy city workers? That's as unheard of as never auditing city budgets here...
Rich pickings from a beautiful mind - The Australian (blog)
What I hate about pasta is how they change the shape and act like it's a different food
It's national smug self-righteous hypocrisy day, right?
Oh yeah I saw on FB.... I remember he used to be dancing back in the day lol
Extra innings at Progressive Field on Opening Day. Game tied at 4 heading into the 10th.
M Spicy Lavender Chai for a chilly Seattle morning
I just read that someone wants LMFAO to make a Christmas album. That is what's wrong with the world.
Three Clubs in H-Town this wknd!
On a talking trolley tour in DC
,I thought you were mad at me so i started freaking out ,i love you mother fucker! :) <3
“: Players need to understand that talent is a "gift"; but attitude, focus, spirit, discipline, and character are "choices"!”
breaking out the big Fantasy guns this week for East Lake: Donald, D. Johnson, Day, Scott, Simpson, Senden, Rose, Haas
awe imma go crazy if she die or my momma
Doing truth or dare with is fucking hilarious.
Some boy bought a grown pitbull and told me he bought it for me. No you did not. I don't want that thing.
Pick up your copy today, you'll be glad you did!
idk ill make another one later with the same name
Sexy hot Jon Bon Jovi had the #1 hit on this day in Blaze of Glory.
Serie is "serieifying" micheal in wii cheer. Serieified is her word of the day.
Wow, tough question. I have them stacked on top of each other. With Burress slightly getting the nod. If PPR I go AJ though
not river north. Hahaha
Android batteries die out so fast.....
For some reason I kinda want to install FreeBSD 9 on my netbook, just to try it out... Sounds like a fun little weekend project!
avery is my inspiration.....
boo your the life,breath,and sense to anything going on in my life:) i love u:)
Oh we had a deal you would pay me every time I mention you in a tweet! Gimme my money!
M... all I need now is a Blatz reference, and my evening is complete!
yeah.... it's because we're boys...
I think you can be excused. ;^)
We know..if it isnt some extremely explicit, out the box, dirty disgusting reference to sex, u aren't interested. U amaze me kid
SHOUT OUT TO OUR INSPIRATION
Thanks for that. Did you see all of the new ones? Working on #Darth #Maul these days.
We get it bro, you drive a Mustang.
So are you still here? ^^ xo
It's not where you are, but who you're there with.
Ghostbusters? : You know what I'm watching? I'll give you a hint. "There's something strange...""
for real like there are other sports lol
Every time I read our old conversations, I realize how close we used to be.
What three animals do you have?
lol heres your daily tweet from me(: I GOT U TO CRACK UP IN EARTH SCIENCE!!!
The only way to get God's results, is to do things God's way!
I fucking hate my life right now
i like your pic the knicks with you
My Cox internet service this week isn't. This company has really gone down hill!
whooopsies. Time to stop opening my tweet mouth so fast.
It's like I'm really playing Bioshock.
Q: What are some of your favorite localization tools?
Sincewebeinghonest# I knew you were a waste of time.
Thanks for all your support - whoever showed up tonight!
Rondo for CP3? What's your take Delonte?
what are you doing tomorrow my sheep
deliberate antagonism! #typical Can I get an #amen?
i know lml
RT : oh whats this..dustin brown and the kings doing work? who woulda thought this? oh yeah thats right, ME!
casual forehead hicky
Why would you do such a thing
12 more days till i can see my brother
they're trading your WHOLE team.
thanks for the heads up! we will be sure to look into it! :)
I'm done with douche bag guys #realmen?
Loving David Lankes' tweets about school librarians/libraries. Sorry I missed him when he came to Pitt last September.
Life would be better if we all just trusted in the Lord...
I have emerged into me again! Beware of the refreshed me.
Question for guys: Which is worst your spouse telling you about the sex they use to have w/ someone or meeting someone your spouse dated?
RT : once you set up a strategy and create systems you can ride off into the sunset - organizational management - yes bubu!
Refrain so you can stay employed
I like it when I'm the only one home
I'm not dissing. I'm just surprised. Haha
Did they explain how you were nominated to carry the Olympic torch?
Thank you! RT : Congrats to the fabulous for scoring her first TV segment for The Cupcake Store!
I really need the #Clippers to close this game out so I can go 2 bed .
Great quarterly meeting w/ #artservicesguild members last night @ Mandrake. Cool place to meet if u like art & r in Los Angeles
Where's everyone staying for the ? cc
Not fond of Twitter RT function. Can't see this type of RT in @ stream, can't favorite it, & doesn't show up in bit.ly conversation
be transmitted into a power which can move the world.
RT : Watched the film on Romney/Bain. Sounded like it came right out of a left-wing think tank. Class warfare included.
Mauve Floyd
it's purrrrrfect, i'm too excited #KP3D <U+2665>
right after the gym, I'm sure!
true blood premiere June 10. Showed right before GoT. In case you didn't know.
Change something Today, right now, if you want Tomorrow to be different.
Girl with the Dragon Penis
name one player on ya SNICKS squad that even pulled 40-42 points on one player in SNICKS history.
omg that's the homeless guy and I met! He almost got into a fight w/ someone at subway! Hahaha
by acting funny,doing funny stuff
I have some connections. Email me . Theprecisionagency.com
don't tell me anything - I haven't read it or seen it yet.
I got a love that keeps me waiting.
Thrillist says soft open tonight? #Boston media only?
that sounds a lot more exciting than our battle against construction and one-ways through campus!
Hey thanks for following:)
Genuinely funny, that.
this one's actually in Atlanta!
Oliver had its own truck? Who knew? Thanks for the heads up ()
Just got back to #hollywood after a great ski weekend with friends in Colorado! How was everyones holiday weekend?
It was like some dionisyan ritual.
#WeTheKings OMG!!! one they follow me and on twitter C: and two there music is freakin amazing:D <3
thx to all who attended AND Nick, Kagiso & SKYPE for the opportunity to present the Creating Powerful Radio session today in South Africa!
Just put the finishing touches on a new tap video lesson. Why does my own voice sound so bad to me when recorded? #doireallysoundlikethat?
Watch the Barca-Madrid in Salamanca and get FREE PIZZA in via
Lots of people watching my three eBay items. Should be an interesting ending tomorrow night!
me. I need another one ha
You're welcome, thank you for sharing great stuff!
just finished my TLC mtg , wow full ajenda every min used of the 90 min
indeed. But the spirit is willing even if the flesh is totally past it.
What sport is a sports jacket for?
Had so much fun last night socializing & discussing prolific thinking & leadership w/ & Deanna Harris
can't tie his own tie-.-
every question made sense except for the 4:3:2:1 ratio one that did me in lol
shout out to all our street team followers and the ones who follow the band! you guys are fab stay awesome omfg <3
Would you lay down in my arms and rescue me?
you guys doing anything for the game tonight?
Are you ready for some football!! #GOPACKGO !!!
i DO IT AL THE TIME...BUT THATS BECAUSE IM DASHING
RT : A hurricane watch has been officially announced for Suffolk County. This better not screw up my plans to go bowling!
RT : is now accepting reservations on
People tweet instead of reading books because books don't lie to you and tell you nice things, appeasing your self doubts.
Thank you!
“: When a woman is in love, she loves strong. When a woman is fed up, there is nothing you can do, she will be gone. #GirlFacts”
Saturday's Legend Of Korra scored 4.5 million viewers, and Victorious on saturday scored 3.2 million viewers.
working on the next edition of Dungeons + Dreamers (finally, again...): what are the best computer game/culture blogs + writers out there?
who said that??
Brb gonna go jump off a cliff. H8 life h8 everyone how could this happen why
Come back to Providence, RI!! Please? :D
Carmel's Boutique Hotel, The Bernardus Lodge, Re-Launches Legendary Marinus ...: Set to debut on May 26, The Bernardus Lodge is trans...
thanks, pal :)
So got around to watching American Horror Story. I'm in for at least another ep.
Summer Time=Females&Swimsuits...
OMG. I KNOW THIS SONG. BUT WHAT IS IT CALLED. OMG. I'm pretty sure I have it on my ipod.
I am vegetarian.
Making the Most of Your Visit to a Disney Mandara Spa! - DIS Unplugged
I wonder if I have met my future husband yet.....
thanks 4 the quick and efficient service with the tire change, in the pouring rain, today on I480 & I77
#GoTribe Go to th' creating a whole tribe of fops.
I've never seen a "which book next" tweet! I'll respond the next time I see it... I'm about to start the Hunger Games books.
Me too homie, me too... Its been some years since i had one. RT : I want a whole buncha little debbie snack cakes..an assortment
thanx for the mention prince:)
Tonight at 10- Group Of The Altos, Northless, and Burning Sons!
There's always some doofus trying to piss in your corn flakes, y'know? Best to ignore them & focus on the nice people.
Impressed with my droid! ...so far
had the worst boarding process ever I am not the gate agent the person that booked your ticket or the creator of the overhead bin damn it
Thats why I haven't listened since Artie left...now I listen to The Nick And Artie show...Howard sucks anymore!!
at least you didn't go home with them and have to pull and awkward walk of shame lol :P
Lloyd isn't King of the World? That's news to me!
I want a retention bonus like that. (Tempted to crack a joke about fluid retention but I'll refrain.)
RT It is seriously time for me to get on a diet and exercise program..
Only white people celebrate cinco de mayo
so glad your day was happy hon
Great Place! be sure to check out the lighting ;)
How are you feeling about the Crimson Tide taking the National Title? Did you watch last night?
And, to answer your question, you are alive, because we need you...your humor, your intelligence, your grace... :)
USA USA USA! come on girls we can do it :)
Hes online ask him Now and i just got a call from Texas lmao
Ooooohhhh did I just say that lol
Amazing pictures from our week of shooting the #webseries not at CigaretteCinemas.com! Let us know what you think!
oops wrong person let me rephrase that ha
Happy to be participating on this call. Thanks for having it. ^CG
it sucks but ill stay in my age dating group . . 13-15 ( :
ffs, vimdiff! white text on a BRIGHT MAGENTA background! YES! That's a clear readability WIN!
hey,, im not sure.. But he did say he was dating.....
Somebody should invent a machine where you get to choose a hairstyle, click a button, and your hair automatically transforms that way.
too many brackets to remember! UNC KENTUCKY in all
Lol, eshi- I was really worried...
Eli passes Peyton manning, who had 0 super bowl appearances
Luke 22:16 for I say to you, I will no longer eat of it until it is fulfilled in the kingdom of God.”
last harry potter and friday night lights on the same day. i think i might lose part of myself tonight.
no doubt but classic yoyo Kings right through any tier in the country. Be relegated by February.
Talk about coming out the woodwork, Jesus!
what yal think of the cover
Use that cap app one more time...
you're welcome. We grabbed some of the other KML files from the dashboard
i was late to work because not even TWO alarms can wake me up. i guess it's true... maybe i can't survive without my mom after all <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
studio I got it haha
My Nails Are not done *My Hand feels naked*:((
you know what we're going to say... ;)
Happy Mother's Day, moms!
5th graders I work with today were tapping out the Amen Break. I directed them to that YouTube video of its history. Classic.
The Dark Knight Rises trailer is just as amazing as I knew it would be!
If Colton was never on #Idol, it'd never have a new favorite up-comming artist.
Lee Fields & the Expressions with Serious Soul.
Hey everything's good and i love your guys music
My daughter dances balet foklorico!! Recital tomorrow!!
Doing another live stream later!
My mom's Birthday is on Saturday :) #iLoveMahomies <3
lol u would've ended up on the bloopers reel
the simple fact that it's Friday is good enough for me !
I just need to know what that pussy like so one time is fine with me
have fun be safe and see you soon!
I'm looking for articles on memory and narrative construction of video games. any suggestions?
SO excited! Being featured in newsletter this wk. What a privilege that is. She's awsom! Will let u know when it's published ;D
Thanks for the follow Vicki!!
and makes your voice higher, thats if you have deep voice.
Baby don't be so shy..
lol im sure you guys are awesome, are you coming to the stickam tonight?
Got a taste for some ice cream
Rik Hauptfeld is the only CD7 that has not been hand picked by a political party, but hand picked by constituents
Damn they are still together? type of relationship !
"Can you play Paris??"
I tOld u that u would! Now put the petal to the metal
yes, we teleport for a low amount of $1800 round trip :)
Adam Levine is a sexy...M M can't finish my sentence !
When dem bricks get in my possession.... u kno we turn ^…on my cashout shit!
Had an awesome anniversary con <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Dude. My dad said the same thing! Do you think it's true or just an old man skeptic thing?
What, Exactly, Is Akron Up To? - Grantland
does this mean our local hangout is off limits now?
So, the punishment is meaningless. Just let him break it up and use it on his normal rest days. Fair enough.
I got a raise today. I wasn't gonna tweet it, but I'm kinda amped because good/hard work pays off lol
Eww. You are so right! MT : — I just wish it wasn't pink slime...
my 6yo loves penguins! When he found out there were no penguins at the San Antonio zoo he nearly started a riot!
we're all good now
Tonight is the night we lose control
Girls, its Facebook... Not your diary. Oh, your aware? Then stop bitching about your realationship issues. Your blowing up my news feed.
Q: "Why is The Testosterone Fest better than SXSW?" A: "We have 3000 less bands that suck."
Darius Miller ended up having the 11th most career points scored in school history by a native Kentuckian.
Work is for people who dont know how to play XBOX
hii could you please tweet me!!! I love you more than anything :)
Realizing I will be 40 this year and Ive never felt more alive. #Timeisonmyside #Where'smysalt&pepper?
I'll find any reason possible to ride my bike.
Im pretty sure KimK's account got hacked
Of course I'm wearing my Lani Kai champions tee the first day back from break.
For decades people could visit Mount Vernon and never realize slaves lived there with Washington. Signs were put up only in 1983.
Career oriented women are masking their lack of femininity.
With much gnashing of teeth, my taxes are done. Other than the odd queasiness brought on my bureaucratic paperwork, I'm feeling good.
Profile on Seidel will be coming next week. Unbelievably grounded athlete. Obviously she's drawn a lot of comparisons to Suzy Favor Hamilton
New position responsibility: bake sale attendant
If you wouldn't mind, I would love to look at a few.
thanks for the retweet!
The winner for your idea is obviously Steel Safes, False Teeth, Airplanes, and Maple Syrup
I hope Rickie Weeks is ok.
We got our first 100 followers! Keep it going!
Check out, ! They're having a sale at the moment.
Thank you!
Father I pray a special prayer for leaders. Don't let their anointing cloud their judgment. Let them hold dearly to the cross!
Right now I'm at the place where my mom had her first kiss :/ akwaaaaard
Everyone, hold on to your pants! It's a new tonight!!
Kind of like Twitter in a way. :P
thx! Been out of it far too long ...
When errors in another developer's JS prevents your JS from executing. :-(
Keith Olbermann got fired? Color me completely shocked. (That it took this long.)
Thanks for the follow. Have enjoyed the last two 's and look forward to seeing more of your work.
this actress can not say "phenomenon" : (
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.-Lao Tzu
I love my job! I love my clients! God is Good! I pray those blessing for each of you & hope you feel the same about what you do each day.
Another audition today. Time to add to the resume:)
No school for me today.
made braces sexy (; x
if you need anything north of the mason dixon let me know.
An hour left of 80s Thursday! Don't forget to send us your song requests!
I flirt with you everyday(: you just dont notice
So fucking pissed. A lot of Mahomies are complaining that Austin did ONLY a 12 min. Ustream. They should be fucking grateful.
Set sail on Disney&#39;s Fantasy — without kids
We making things happen MIXTAPES DROPPING SOON GO FOLLOW THE TEAM
At , excited because it's 's happy hour next door. Books and wine. A perfect pairing!
My feeling are hurt :/
Everyone should know how to change the world.
I love old cartoons from the 70's
Patience is bitter, but it bears sweet fruit.
One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure. ~ William Feather
want me to go zelda on them and take em out?
and by miraculously she means because I'm freaking awesome and helped her.
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.John C. Maxwell
Welcome to #cnndialogues We are thrilled to have you on the panel discussing the 'Arab Spring' with
I'll be having the Minneapple Pie at the Twins stadium this year. Rogers based restaurant has the right recipe; it's delicious!
How can we bring great music like that back?! *sigh*
Listening to
Just got off phone with Congressman #Lamborn about why he will not be attending #stateoftheunion tomorrow. Says he's had enough.
Judging by the way today's been, I can wait another 4 years before leap year comes around again.
I notice all these Texas people are in love with their sweet tea ..
really love gucci this gucci that!
Great visits today to the History Center in Tompkins County, Center for the Arts of Homer, and Matilda Jocelyn Gage Foundation!
you should've came! D:
for the support!
The video Justin posted on Viddy of his photoshoot was so perfect. Shirtless, sweatpants, running his fingers through his hair, ASDFGHJKL.
Fuck Fun, who wants to enjoy themselves now a days. pfft not this kid:P
My caffeine dependency has reached terrifying new heights. Last night I had a dream that I was groggy & needed a cup of coffee.
Why do I keep making sounds or talking when I sleep, Wtf I'm creeped out -__-
Following da gorgeous
Local deal alert! RT : ALL denim is 40% off!! Stop in for great deals on Joe's Jeans!
are you counting how many whovians reply?
GUYS! IM ON TWEET LIMIT :( I PROMISE I'LL FOLLOW EVERYONE WHEN I CAN!! <33
first two brats of the season went down way too easily
had a great time at your Monster House Warming Party! Thank you so much for having us. , shame on you for not coming!
i DARE you to favorite this..or follow me ;)
Good soundbite! Keep it comin' from
well thank you... I'll have to get you to one of my gigs, or a video in your hands then so you can hear me up close.
I might need a loan from you, unless they let me do one of those leveraged buys. What's your interest rate nowadays?
we would love to be interviewed by you! Help us out
Suggestion – Third, Share something funny that one of the participants said to you and call them by name to make a greater connection.
That is what Paris wants to do so bad!
Getting drunk: $65
So much letterpress news! Following updates from Boston.
Sitting by the kid who sings to himself in the hallway... How nice.
OK. Checking into it. Forgive us, we are singing the new site blues over here. :)
LMFAO your icon
Never enough...haha.
u text me hoe " i got the old number the 570 ... wya ? u around the way ?
Up all night...going to be a very long Tuesday. Java is my friend.
Marc, you ought get Yakov on your show.
Never Give A Woman More Then You Want Her To Leave With.
are we going to have any extra players to watch stella while i am batting or in field till suz get there
Con't - another example of some (artist) squawking about their millions and royalties …Sigma out
Most all committees are little more than weekly" sewing circles," that is another bureaucratic exercise.
Aw shucks Mr. Gordon, thanks for that. You're good, you're awfully good...
“: All these spam DM are getting really annoying”
I don't know if any of you want one, but we can follow a few of you back now. (:
Excited to see THE RAVEN and can’t wait till Friday? Check out John Cusack’s appearance tonight on Jimmy Kimmel Live!
yeah!!! Why weren't you at school today?
Appreciate a veteran? Invite them out to Applebee’s on November 11 for a FREE meal!
I live here in L-ville so I just found out what you're doing for StoneColdWillow. Pretty cool, good luck next yr & thanks!
Ready 4 this next round of classes --come on may 15 I'm trying 2 fast forward the next 2 yrs :-)
lets make it last forever we're make it last forever <3^____^
Sometimes a hug is all you need.
I don't understand why I've been ready so early these past 2 days?
Working on my website!
would you agree the #Browns have to take RG3 if available?
Mr. Bohorquez addresses the Board on how reducing the FLES program would be a huge step backward for education.
welcome back partayyyyy!
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. ~Henry S. Haskins
My Prius is a tank. I've now been rear-ended twice in 2 years, my bumper doesn't even have a scratch.
U got that right The D is actually getting it done and Painter can't do anything & what is this announcer talking about???
I really wouldn't call it a "rout" - the first half obviously was a butt-whippin', but not the game overall...
Numbers - "Ewing"
m send me some!! Morning love :)
I'm gonna try to remember on the way to school in the morning..
He put his dick on my shoulder
you live in opposite world , so thank you , love you too Tiger!
wow ur so weird hahahahahahahahahah jkkkkkkk =D so when is andrew and niko picking us up
he said no more commodore, so now he gets to sound like a saturday morning cartoon character
Well evidently make hair looks good like this. The lady that used to register to me jus complimented me. She asked if I styled me hair.
ohh, okaayy i wanna see it
Morning shower! After morning run:D
Thanks for the RT
Oh wow. That's awesome! Lunch tomorrow sounds good. What time works for you?
It's funny how remembering happy memories can make you sad.
Excellent point. I also can't stand it when folks call people "nazis" like being tough and committing genocide are the same.
I may not be allowed to talk while we watch the view, but I can tweet as loud as I want.
Still not sure where bias comes from when talking about smell....
Finished my 4th and last run. 7:02 pace. We're still 9 minutes ahead of schedule. Good job everyone ! 4:20 am !
My world history books had pictures of ancient Egypt and stuff on the cover, not Kennedy, NASA, and Mt.Rushmore LOL
when are guys doing another ustream..you guys were hilarious doing those prank calls!:)
Visiting a National Wildlife Refuge? Don’t Forget Your Smartphone
LOL, how do you know this?
I have Papers but I prefer Mendeley, and neither do the reference parsing and prioritizing I told you about
Yes, but only when collaborating on a specific event 2gether; also did it 4 sum conferences
I know!! It's crazy. I miss you so much. When is a weekend you're free to come to lex or Matt & I could come visit!?
Are you going?
who's coming to my bands show on may 13th @ Jammin Java???????
ROTFLMBO! Please please turn to SOUTH BEACH TOW on TRU TV!!! THIS IS THE FUNNIEST SHOW EVER! LOL! Long Live BERNICE - The Tow Queen! LOL LOL
Listening to #PorterRobinson before I go out.
tell me when and where we recording and I'm down
Sweet! Don't forget lucha mask Monday!
#NMS30 Students as global citizens. It opens up many questions about bias and reliability of sources when kids resource strangers...
I just sent you my own mother as a new patient! Pls take good care of her today :)
Ok its grizzle talkin I deleted my Facebook
Hey all how are all u doing today ? Mention and add me new pic's up guys and ladies check em out
Whoa. It's #Fridaythe13th so we'll be giving away thirteen $10 driving credits today. Watch for your chance at the top of the hour!
Yes but should add upon receipt, not reformat and reply to click a button :-( Also, button doesn't work in Gmail!
Good luck! I hope the 51's broke u in! RT : Up early for an Anaheim day! Throwing a pitch at Angels game and Disney!!!
yep, yep!
Classic rock.
i hope the hotel has wifi or else bringing my laptop would be useless.
Three days left to buy your ticket to the Artisan's Guild's Oscar Party! Tickets on sale now at Student Services
Spellings' crystal ball guess on when #NCLB will be reauthorized: she says not until 2013 & agrees
Guess what we got to see... The rough draft of our music video, let's just say you guys are in for a treat!
Me gots to get ready.
SAG/FOX Searchlight need to fix the iTunes download to allow SD download of screeners for those who do not have HDCP monitors.
College writing class nd after attempting my online class!
Just cleaned out BP for hella snacks. I just have a sweet tooth, but the cashier thinks I'm high as a kite. LMAO.
(R E T W E E T) I'll follow EVERYONE that retweets this & follows me.
I was wondering why my bbm's weren't sending to you!
Big show today! Matt Holliday, US soccer defender Jon Bornstein, author Bill Madden, Rox beat writer Troy Renck,Chicago's Sam Smith..AM 1510
good news!
sounds like you're off to a great start... Hope you have a wonderful Sunday!!
Thank you for checking us out! We love getting tips and suggestions. Now admiring all the talent on your Web site...
-It's not bad. I wish I would've waited. I hate when the theater is crazy packed with a lot of idiots. I might be for the best.
Still some spots left open for our Oolong class tonight! Sign up and enter to win a free teapot in our Mystery Raffle!
I swear, Dmx is too damn dope for most of y'all....
Blessed w/ another great kickball day. Summer Thursday league kicks off tonight! Brewsky's & maybe Park Street after?
Still looking
Worst nightmare for Elway: Hightower picks off Manning for game-winning TD in playoff 1st round. Tebow trucks Hightower to beat NE.
RT : What's on the back of Ray Allen's calves? [Wondering the same thing.]
congrats--you da man! You inspire me to "do the work".
I'm on a roll haha if following me :D Yeeeee Budddyyyy haha
Missing my pookie
Calling it a night. Work in the am
Condom Slogans No. 1: Cover your stump before you hump.
I'm soo not sleepy
I'm just waiting for someone to say, "Holy freak, Wendy!!! Look at that top left branch! There are children around!!!"
what's the price point? / what's it take to get in on presale? Other than me being poor as shit right now I'm very in.
Ban Ki-moons presence at #CPD2012 is historic: first time a #un general sec participate on the commission on population and development.
i love how apple, being pompous as usual, talks about how great they are for an hour & then reveals Siri as if it were their own invention
Woo! Had Sake, Hibachi, Sushi, and it was all great! ^_^
RT "I want 2 listen & engage w/ people & that’s the game. Twitter is important because it allows u 2 do it." (via )
It used to be there was no "I" in WII
Tux One for the Team?
She said money made cum, isaid money make you dumb,Money hungry hoes they can neva get a crumb, neva save a freak
Just sayin' RT : Dearest Client, Feel free to ignore what we have to say if you don’t mind consumers treating you in kind.
Will you follow me??(:
Agreed! rT: : If I ever say "Amazeballs", shoot me in the face.”
We are live all morning at Del Mar. Join us!
no one cares if you're at your apartment.
Will You Follow Me??(:
why would they come back? look at what you are doing to them. you're withholding their pay? isn't that illegal mr. walker?
listening to reggae about to nap next to an open window >>> doesn't get any better than that!
It was a tweet.
Ha. crazii huh!
nope your wrong Lebron lost 2 finals and so has Kobe BUT the difference Kobe has 2 finals MVP's how many does Lebron have.
I love , he loved you. I love you too. Keep doing what you can to change bullying.
hey carrie, if u received my tweet about holding a tic for me. I'm totally gonna pay. Please hold me one #
Agreed. Or watching them fail in ways that will affect them for a long time and knowing you have to let them do it.
for the record... a 5 year old didn't just embarrass me on
Watch episode with Maya Rudolph from a month ago, best in years.
Students w/ 3 effective math teachers in a row - 83rd percentile in 5th grade; 3 ineffective-29th.
thanks so much! I love your last name lol :] I'm trying to follow you too but it's not letting me on my mobile
totally agree! He's terrible
Happy to help, and appreciate new Interests rolling in. If you think of more, let us know.
If they ruin it, like make it different than the book & if they don't find the perfect actors, I WILL BOMB THE WORLD AND KILL MYSELF
Just peirced 's nose. Took three times, but it worked! We now have an earring through it until tomorrow. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083>
Thank you for the link.
A desk with breasts? "Wow, look at the drawers on that?" "Yeah, but they are fake, not real draws at all.."
RT Breaking news: is now open for lunch on Sat. Reservations are available from 11:30 am on. What fall dish is calling your name?
Dr. Cornel West is a person we should imitate instead of Jay Z for the simple fact some assume blacks are not educated or well spoken.
I love when my kid dances to the music in cartoons!
The greatest men sometimes overshoot themselves, but then their very mistakes are so many lessons of instruction. - Tom Browne
it's my birthday so you know i wanna ride out
>>minds been gone Kimmy!!:)
Just got bridged in Milwaukee. That's one for all the Duluthians out there.
tHANKS FOR FOLLOW-InSpotter app
believe me, it's way batter than Montenegro xD
Mentally rebelling SO hard right now against this quarter starting up. :(
Today is the first day of Bike to Work Week! Did you bike? If not, you still have four days to bike to work!
you just purposely made me mad...
Wow. What lens is that? 1.4?
Church tomorrow (:
the red ignitor button works, imagine having to do match light, save alotta money in eye brow bills
Shooting film at USC in a few hours...I'm going to be tired tomorrow
This weekend killed me! I'm so exhausted!
: russian peasants knew they were owned but had a language of rights; facebook users don't understand their data in same way
How is your face feeling today!? :)
and #ct dept of #econdev: "the number 1 issue in CT economy is alignment between #college grads & workforce."
We read anything & everything! Lately: Katy & the big snow, the magic rabbit, the caboose that got loose, mr. men books
Entrepreneurs understand that there is little difference between obstacle and opportunity are able to turn both to advantage. N Machiavelli
Proud of our PR students! MT Just met w/ pub coord for great #SDSU PR student w/bright future ahead of her!
RT Apple factory working conditions are abysmal. Tell Apple, make the iPhone 5 an ethical iPhone. bit.ly/ygSDKV via
And ... Mavs-Thunder Game 3 watch party Saturday inside American Airlines Center. Party starts at 7 p.m. Tip-off at 8 p.m.
Ah.....I love the sound of my rain barrel filling up. Especially since I left it on all day yesterday :(
That's great Siobhan, looking forward to the feature in
Good evening, Mr. Hookah.
the period "when you both like eachother but noone says it aloud but you 2 both know" is the cutest
Happy International Women's Day to all beautiful strong women out there. In particular my mom, and grandma
I'm sorry I made you feel like Monica Lewinski.
love you too mi amor. night. and i'll go check ;) night babygirl
Thanks for following! Looking forward to spending the summer days at all of MKE's parks!
Music is your own experience, your thoughts, your wisdom.
yeah they need to trade some players, get Melo help.
What are you doing today to challenge yourself?
"sir this bag is full of black dildos"
Hey Sleepy Tweepies!
#Miami bound
Really tired going to bed
Why do you not want to get CoD? :( It's really good so far.
So good to hear! RT : Yes! 2nd time & just as wonderful!
You have got to be shitting me.
stupid bomb threats are cluttering up my email inbox.
In hungry :o
I don't know wht it's like in SC, but Private Schools in Dallas r RIDIC! I paid 17k 4 KINDERGARTEN! He's now in 5th!
When boys give you butterflies. <U+2665>
Today looks like a day for the hot tub.
Humans vs. Zombies making fat people run since 2006
there should be a phone policy wherever humans congregate.
Nice pick! What's cookin'?
you don't see kanye out here talking bout swervin?
Q4: How does the concussion issue & retired players suing the league impact the long term marketability of the NFL?
You can get the #Facebook Recommend feature on your Page if you have a physical address identified in your Info section.
Oosthuizen for double eagle to take the lead... Wow
if B's and FLA are out, it's time to get on the #NJDevils train!
hehe. We didn't stay long...love you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Camai Festival starts in 5 days! The deadline for the 2012 Miss Camai application is at 11:30pm on Friday Night! Plz contact me for details.
Starting off the day with Shaker Lemon Pie-delish!
Beautiful song and tribute by the De la Salle High School Choir directed by Onnie Irby... come out and spend #Black #History #Month with us
Do not have a charger so I need to hop off of here
Wow, did you see that!!!
"The horror of leaving this earth without making a black mark against the white paper of human memory." -from a letter by Janet Fitch
Guys in scarves...no, just no.
#PlansForTheSummer to get out of here..
RT : Agree w/RBT that PhD shd focus on "full range of needs" PhDs can serve. More versatility, not fewer students.
I want to go for fondue, but guys never want to go for fondue. I need more girl friends.
They will have a great time w/ #FFA members and full day of show and tractor pull. Great seeing you there last yr
Enjoy your Saturday to the fullest!
Cold as ice (re: Paula Dean) RT Thinking of getting into the leg-breaking business, so I can profitably sell crutches later.
Thank you We have an officle name as well so feel free to stop by the Mannie Officle anytime :-)
The Cleveland Browns signed 15 undrafted free agents, the team announced Wednesday afternoon.
old people early bird special?
Just some info because I want you to be happy =) May the love be with you. Namaste.
Just had the luxury of adding to one of my stories the fact that the Pittsburgh mayor had to "Tebow."
I saw it!!! CRAZY
"I do." 2 simple words that changed my life forever for the better 7 years ago. Danielle Sayre, you're my best friend & I love u so much!!
Break Legs at the Disney Tokyo audition!!
IN ANOTHER NEWS, Will Ferrel is hosting SNL this week!
Fiesta Shirts anyone??? hit me up... I can deliver depending on location.
you said it best. that division is a nitemare , but the #49ers can certainly take it
Sometimes things I post on my blog are hypocritical but they are my thoughts and thats the point! http//:www.artsalternativepath.com/
Worse dayy ever...can't wait to go to college. I'm leaving and never coming back to the hell hole.
I just realized that people at my school that have facebooks are full of themselves...My friend Hannah told me that so blame her!
Ears still ringing from #sebastianingrosso #swedishhousemafia - covered by !!
AZ’s BIGGEST PARTY IS ON SATURDAY @ SKY LOUNGE DOWNTOWN!! 2nd ST. & WASHINGTON. 4 DJS IN THE MIX!!!!. FOR RESERVATIONS (602)229-1110.
Thanks so much for the great article! I'm glad more people are finding out that they can still get the Fridas margaritas!
Call It: Pac Man or Ms. Pac Man?
For the next half hour I'm gonna get caught up on the kardashians
I'm calling on the world to retire the word "hater". That is all.
Thank you!
Laughs at my site - www.kevinkash.com
hey I love the city market report!
helping revive Detroit with the help of #entrepreneurs amazing resources.
#NowPlaying Up All Night
Almost every day in one way or another.
#iq2atheism Anyone know the religious respect cartoon Grayling referred to?
Check out 'A Cross to Bear' - poetry for your life, your love and your soul.
#Mosley truly looks his age
YES I HAVE PERFECT NEW TOMS JUST FOR THE CONCERT WOO HOOOOOO <3
How were your burnt breakfast waffles today, Sharon?
The Grannies are so happy to spend time with their families this holiday season. Wishing everyone safe travels and lots of love!
it's 9:00 in st.louis missouri<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
It's very prestigious being published. I've joined the ranks of a long tradition of writers whose books also sit unread on shelves.
I'm so jealous over my bf'a Xbox. He chooses that thing over me all the time..and I'm like that piece of crap doesn't make love to u! Wtf
Five week old kitty just peed on bed. Tony (husband) responds, "You know, even if she committed mass genocide, I'd still go, 'Awww."
are you shitting me
NEED YOUR HELP.. I am looking to take the 100 MAN BEER BONG on tour. If you feel your school is ready for this Contact Me TODAY!
Bryce, thanks. I've added it!
You get one minute in a room with a agent how is looking at her phone! I'm sorry but I don't want you as my agent! Bye bye
You don't want to miss our Pan Seared Halibut with Boursin Potatoes & Asparagus! Place your EL order now! www.EpicureanGroup.net
Lovely running into today. :)
I just requested Groundswell, too. I need a good rebound from PR 2.0.
“: Suck my butt” lick my nuts
Srotakin IV delivers a lethal dose of kick-ass
Thanks Jessica! Have a great day!
My dog let me sleep as late as I wanted today. He's not just cute, he's considerate too:)
No worries! I value all input - esp from vets - but can't see it. Pls email me directly at . TY!
I think I need a little bit of reaction training #NFLblitz to be in top form as a #pittsburghsuperhero Blitz and then #Madden should be good
Oh, yes, the day is getting better - first listen to KFW's new Generators LP...
kiss. asses. sit. down.
Goodness I hate sticking with something-because I'm tired & all I want to do is stop & take a nap but I can't let myself down.
don't be sorry get you party on!!
i lost myself to the darkness
Foreclosure activity eased last month as the foreclosure affidavit crisis slowed U.S. filings.
Doctors office, Rome: "SPECIALIST IN WOMEN AND OTHER DISEASES.
11:11;D i wish you would come to chicago!
as Conservatives we should not ask, what laws have we gotten passed, yet, what laws have we gotten repealed??
finna turn my cross tat into a half sleeve
You're a satanist why are you concerned about numbers on other people
indeed sir. 3 piece is classy
S EUR/JPY at 115.45 for a short term day trade
This weather is so scary :(
I can understand that. Hard enough to streamline my tangled notes/ideas. I can imagine challenge of presenting diss. research.
Congrats to on being a Las Vegas Business Press Rising Star!
"Everywhere I go I'm asked if I think the university stifles writers. My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them..." - F. O'Connor
Thank you for your awesome coverage of the Dinosaur Hall at ! It was so great to meet you! Are you a dino expert now?
I like your expansion - overview>zoom>detail +mark/extract/history - of Ben Schneiderman's focus+context. Wish I could've attended.
hop of my dick bro, I don't wanna fuck you
Have a great weekend everyone!
lookin for an apt sucks! im gonna have to look this weekend i think!
why do i persist to help people out that dont want it..... I always gotta look out for someone else...
"When is everything going to get back to normal?" Mad Men finally delivers its "We blew it." moment.
so how did everylike the hurricane?
Can't seem to wake up today. In serious need of caffeine.
Glad you are back Rudy. We need you!
What's your #FavoriteLyricOfAllTime ?
Luke Evans Officially in Talks for ‘Fast and the Furious 6' Villain Role via
another beautiful SoCal day ... going to sneak in some golf therapy before gutting my dining room ceiling thanks to the flood.
Im gonna die. Fuk
That hologram of tupac almost got me
It's not that deep!!!
I dont think I've ever been so ready for a semester to end. I have way too much to do!!
"I saw that there was no tragedy in God." ~Archimandrite Sophrony
Witch is better DB or tweeter
Can't wait for #BELIEVE! Its going to be the best JB yet!
that is amazing, I've clearly been using the wrong ones! I've had so many problems with pedometers!
Our 1000th follower, , who loves Kiss108FM just as much as she loves Adam Lambert. Thanks Mary for listening!! :)
#nw #Kathy she cracks me up!
The term "bored sh*tless" has never been more appropriate.
REALLY? No shame there! It's never too late :) This is the perfect time for bike riding, too!
cann you get on skype now?(:
Just watched Inception - I know this is probably old news for the tweetosphere, but damn... Well done
LMAO someone needs to post it on his wall! I cant wait to see him next week
(c) get in trouble and now I have a really bad headache...ugh I hate her...
I was born on Maurice Sendack's birthday, but decades later.
- and the same to you. A good sleep is great, but I need a vacation!!!
bored of being bored because being bored is boring
Nowadays, the one single attribute that defines the most successful people is their ability to network. Go Twitter...
I'm so sick of hearing about Ryan Braun! Didn't Corey Hart and Casey McGehee each have 3HR games last year?
"what about pinterest???"
#IfITellYou how I really feel... You won't be my friend anymore
Tonight's OutPast30 activity? Going to "Skin Party" at Underground ATL. Should be interesting.
it would be nice if we could change the location based on how we read: L to R or R to L
Black girls always swear they dance the best.. Smh
I met a new friend. She shoo cool (':
Congrats & his team on a great win last night! Good luck this weekend vs Miami - Let's Go Mountaineers!
How about a #FF of some super NYC bloggers? @/StrollerBallet, , , ,
Uh oh! Usually Mondays are the busiest here! Hope your day FLIES!
Biden breaks up about being a single Dad. Take that lipstick pitbull soccer mom.
Mad props to for picking up a copy of our album on iTunes! Thanks for the support :) you kick ass!
relapse indicators RT : Q9 – start acting out in defects (gossip, judgment, anger), nurture resentments,
Gingrich uses lots of Packers references in Green Bay, explaining why he's not quitting the race "you expect the team to play every quarter"
Advanced Basement Systems Wins Excellence Award Advanced Basement Systems was recently honored by receiving an excellence award from the
People do not change, they are only being played the right role for the sake of their interests.
Was not pretty, but #Mavs beat an awful #Wizards team to temporarily slow the slide...
hey there thanks for the follow. Where would I submit a resume?
The pizza is here! Give a thumbs up if you plan on coming to grab some FREE pizza from 3:00-6:00pm.
Sometimes I feel like I'm achieving less everyday.
No, it's the first four books. 5 days per book. No way.
You've just given me second thoughts about going there this evening! :-)
sour grapes?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY LOVELY COUSON
Seeking Senior Attorney with strong real estate and M&A experience. JD and 4 years’ experience required. Contact me today!
I hate you!
hey lady!! did you guys have fun in Hawaii? hope you and the kiddos are doing well :)
Thanks for the incredible insight into the entrepreneurship & #startup opportunities in #Brazil,
Heart breaking. So hard to leave my family. There's no place like home.
Learning about LA's Mexican-American heritage at #5demayo street festival outside!
Good day sunshine! How about "Great day, my power bill is here!" I can help make that happen! www.smartenergypays.com
#lent is over!!!! Bring on the online shopping
Can we give the best late-round steal a "Wondolowski Award of Excellence"?
"There is no multitasking in sales" awesome quote Roland! put the smartphone down and listen!
T1 I wish my doctors knew each other! Very hard to get communication between care teams
i like to refer to him as the other Matt in my life ;)
Don't let people treat you like shit, I've let it happen to long.
take care and keep breaking necks ;-)
Love you more sweetness!
I know. This winter sucks.
Now I'm #verklempt. Talk amongst yourselves. Here, I'll give you a topic. The Partridge Family were neither Partridges nor a family. Discuss
Time for work all right. Time to listen to 670 the score
swamp rooming it up
looks more like an ATV
His stuff's good, indeed.
thank ya!
#M3Logic adds accountability to your existing #Medeco mechanical system while providing loss and liability control
every woman deserves a man who will make her forqet that her heart was ever broken..
Hey I followed you :) it's me from FB and YT :) take it easy! Keep it up with the good beats man!
yes yes. But it is all different too.
In study hall(:
Quite hot.
Last time I checked, your cousins are the same generation as you.
ick ick ick I've heard people talk about that movie and the scenes there-in
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you are staying dry!
I agree the Obama campaign,leading the charge with negative attacks. #Character assassination is offensive among many others.
i think math is going to be the reason i drop out and become a stripper.
Right. So curriculum might need to be adapted. Interested to see how tech fits in with the new Common Core.
Sent you some demos!
I SAID IT BEFORE, I'LL SAY AGAIN: The IRS does not accept #paczki payments.
I do not wish to *shakes head*
What about DC? True, it's not a state but a district. But still...
yo Gz I did...I'm not sure either...i gotta come through for a extreme polly son
The Avengers movie was totally worth seeing. Something happened resulting in us getting free movie tickets haha Bazinga.
BIG thanks to the and the for donating passes for our Scholarship Reception raffle today! Tix
Massive PR today at Ilthon. 3:46:13 chip. Personal best by 21:29. Can't complain about that!
Art & Soul kicks off today in the Artsgarden, with a performance by Kool's Bazaar. Join us at 11:30 to meet our featured artists!
On the way to work. Actually in a good mood.
- a journalist-acquaintance at a radical seder a few months ago said I should follow you, for various reasons. For sure & hello.
ok! I just hope YOU won't forget! Hahahah
We would love to deliver you
Haha. Oh, that you did, and that we do! :)
out of all the Jerks he had to be one of them . ! t-_-
Sunday May 16, 2012 Roy Haynes 8pm & 10pm shows have been cancelled, tickets for Thursday, Friday, & Saturday are still available!!!
Claims of lawsuit threatening redevelopment of downtown Santa Ana.
Vacation should come with a two or three day transitional period so it is easier to ease back into the flow of things.
lol. I know! :D
Thanks! I am very excited about it. It is scary, but exciting.
There are some really interesting librarians to check out in the discussion area. (see, Don't Forget to Introduce Yourself post)
I think its time that I go full blown vegetarian
dang! Dale-Kurt on the west coast! You should hang in the bay some time
Didnt Tubby recruit Draymond Green? How n the hell is this guy still playing for MSU!
You TOTALLY need to try out for American Idol...
I feel like singing to someone lol! (^_^)7
do you know of any sites that are looking for writers by chance? I appreciate you taking the time to talk to me
Welcome New Mexico High School Basketball Teams! Good Luck at State!
I feel like I never tweet . So hiiiiiiiaaa(:
There is a difference between giving up and knowing when you've had enough.
Unfollow this page got hacked follow my new one
paying some attention to my neglected social media everything.
#WelcomeToThe1DFamilyGibby !!! new trend ;P
THAT AWKWARD MOMENT when you open the door, and someone is going to the bathroom! :O
What a strike by Carlos Tevez!!!!!!!!!! Argentina may be the team to beat. Argentina 3, Mexico 0
wtf is this?
- will watch for that.
BBN would not even know Megan Dills if she didn't hurt her leg.
Whats up,check out CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,ON YA ANDROID DOWNLOAD THE APP,,WE ARE ON ALL DAY,TUNE IN RADIO ,CHECK OUT THE MORNING SHOW,
many congrats to 2x #NWA champion... as/more deserving as anyone of major title recognition
60 minutes of freedom! Otherwise known as a lunch break
Due to popular demand... the 6 word story contest has been extended. The deadline is now May 4.
your email address is spamming everyone .. the jeffandsher at yahoo one. maybe try to reset the password and take it out?
don't get too nostalgic there, the 80's also gave us Neon colored clothing and Hammer pants.
if weeks hand/wrist is hurt, I'm sending anthrax to each of the cubs homes
but I'm right next to you lmaooo "?." how old are we budd
If I still haven't convinced you, next month I will write a 30-ish post series comparing the candidates. Decide after that, if you must
... instructed to concentrate on manual stimulation of these areas and to increase the intensity and duration until...
Crashin god bless
I spoke to Petrea, the only true Ryoko in English. She's a wonderful person.
No prescription insurance no problem. We are here to help! email us for
I hope karma bits you in the anus you b*tch!!!
i want something sweet :)
Gorgeous wether here too! Beach time :)
So exciting!! Cant wait to hear it!!!
I can't wait til my turn to walk across the stage !!! May 19th ......7more days !!!!!!!
Work is a BITCH! I am so ready to retire! At 25 :)
SAT tomorrow.
wats going on
We love our new followers!
Why does night JD never look out for morning JD?
Follow and RT! Or jump off a cliff <3
Who better than to listen to #zakkwylde while coding!
kool no problems were there?
“Pink Slime” Found in 70 Percent of the Ground Beef Sold in Supermarkets
I hate when I'm about to hug someone really sexy and then my face hits the mirror ~
your welcome, thank you for following your local Las Vegas #Florist ! Have a great evening :)
of course not :P
Working on sweet demos w/
would u open ur eyes 2 c the skys or keep them closed 2seep into dreams ud never think2 be exposed?
Every fucking subway entrance is closed..taxi it is.
Washington DC is the Magic Capital of The World. Upon closer examination one realizes that is just an illusion created by all the hot air.
RT : Oh no! Poor Jack =( RT : Dang... Jack has torn his dog "ACL"! Surgery probably; 2 mo. recovery... He's limping badly.
O no goofy..
have any meets at Pacific this year?
Honestly now I understand why every1 hates beliebers, 2night on the voice all they cared about was Justin and were being so rude to (c)
My lil homie is really hollywood...you gotta text her first before callin lmao
Awesome. I have a friend that is so obsessed with her alma mater (UoMD - CP) it's effectively a disorder. So…one endorsement ;)
we're not that bad! That sucks!
Great idea from on measuring new social media projects: begin with inputs vs. outcomes when there is no benchmark.
If you can't explain what you do for a living so that an 8 year old can understand it, then it's time to rethink your 60 second commercial.
Marcum can't pitch, but man can that guy bunt!
Coming soon! Brand New Vintage Portland Home on 4218 N. Montana Ave.
Thanks! And glad you're enjoying. There's more where that came from. :)
Great meeting for the big party Sept. 28th! This is going to be awesome! Get ready!
"the grandeur of films: the preservation of human transience, the significance not so much of social roles as of fragile, fleeting feelings"
#Wvsu grades up finally up
HINT, HINT, Now you don't have to stress come next February! =)
Gorgeous new additions of at the BD screening in NYC last night! [31 more HQs + new GQ and MQ pics]
Don't forget that the Conservatory & Sunken Garden will be closed like most govt facilities on Mon Feb 20 in observance of President's Day.
Blessed w another day, another chance to conquer all...
I am glad it was two good meals. It makes me sad when somebody screws up or doesn't represent themselves well.
Yeah, what's the story. My wife got an email about it, but thin on details. I fear Ohio Regents takeover
Cut your telecom costs in 2012.. give us a call to see what we have to offer... 0844 880 2010
Wishing everyone a happy new year - 2012 is going to be great!
We hosted their official DC launch parties this weekend. Did u get a chance 2 go? So much fun & we even got to take a test drive!
RT : Chuck is on a role man!!!!
HPNSV! Web Site redesign project let's get it done.
hey dude please check pool cleaner.
Been saving that up. Couldn't wait any longer.
true, we did indeed.
Reggie Evans bobble-head dolls don't bobble. They just glare at you until you regret buying it.
Anyone in the Dallas / Fort Worth area want to come eat some barbecue with us tomorrow? :)
#RandomFact Laughing for 15 seconds straight adds 2 days to your life span
Could Kalil fall to the Bills
we all respond on here. Right now it's Jordan but who knows sometimes!
Think ima just stay in take a <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080> and <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5>
Tomorrow is December, this year went by so FAST !
thank you so much!
Andrea Tomasini: KPIs and Metrics do not empower the people to make changes. People need to be named and empowered to change.
Mud bog 3 o clock cant wait gonna be fun :p
I been in ATL for hella hours and my ride from the Airport is just now getting on a plane from NYC.
“: "Does it kill, does it burn? Is it painful to learn that it's me that has all the control?" #hardertobreathe” why yes, Adam
So "crazy" has no colloquial meaning? My bad. RT : math is… crazy. RT : I find it crazy that 2002 was 10 years ago …
Interesting, an overwhelming majority of #librarians don't like public words of affirmation, sales people it's the opposite.
Really excited for , ScreenwritingU alum whose just had his script "Happy Mother's Day" optioned by producer Harry Gittes!
We hit 100 followers! Thank you very much everyone! If youre in Barrington, IL May 8th we're playing a show at the Penny Road Pub Lets hang!
phil lesh & friends, , san rafael, ca. set 2 (cont): can't come down (JG)>magic bus (JG), turn on your lovelight (TW)
Headed to DC for #naspa12 Program Committee Meeting! Can't wait to see all the fabulous scholarship & practice my colleagues lead.
National Burger Day tomorrow on Which spots do you think will be representing the Twin Cities? Some unique places up our sleeves...
nah man i have to fix my sleep schedule lol
#Sunday is always boring !!
Teachers in the U.S. spend an average of $1,200 of their own money/year on school supplies. This totals roughly $4 billion annually.
BOUT TO HEAD OUT TO KLUSOZ!!! THESE THURSDAYS JUST KEEP GOIN & GOIN & GOIN......... OFF THE CHIZAIN BABY!! GET THERE EARLY!!
anyone wanna talk? <3 :))
Cleaning out my kitchen drawers and found a large number of sporks. Have my spoons and forks been mating?
He Ain't a sinner so don't judge him /died on the cross that you can live again/think this's a game while the devil's Such a nuisance
I cant believe mo has a torn acl wtf
I regret not spending more time in the Strip District while I lived in DC.
Sometimes the Silk browser on the Kindle Fire thinks there's no such thing as the Facebook timeline.
I'm back on twitter! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH AND MISS YOU!
hope you're taking notes.
I'll find out, if not...there is always public transportation!
Watching #duckdynasty makes laugh like a little girl.
probably gonna be sundays
Why is so pretty.?
It's scary when my fingers fell asleep. Maybe I should get some acupuncture.
Okay, well now it's later than ever.The last thing to do before bed is to wish you a good morning! Saturday, March 31st 2012. 23:59
nice post some pics
That was a great question! Thanks for asking it :)
Fuck a promo.
Power of the girls is that when she was bad, it looks great.
Us too! Congrats again! See you on 6/21! RT: We are so excited about June Market & #SOTYawards!
have u checked out Newsie it's a fast rss reader & you can email in the app. also it's top selling RSS reader in the app store.
Major Pot Bust in Buckingham County. Sheriff says its street value is equal to the cost of 100 homes in Charlottesville. Details on CBS19
I lost the Super Bowl but I still get to go home to my supermodel wife Gisele Bundchen.
I miss hanging out with my best friend all the time :(
WAT UP NOW DEN BLUE!!!
RT : Woke up this morning ready to give them body.....lol
This nigga just keep hanging up on lol he mad
Had the opportunity to speak to the members of the Cherry Creek Republican Women yesterday at Glenmoor County Club. What a great meeting!
yes, that would be amazing.
HOLY RANGERS!!!
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you! <U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A> 13
I am in the middle of creating a business plan for a new business that will revolutionize the energy production industry. Stay tuned 4 more
I am scarred for life.
I don't know what he did!..but he damn sure shouldn't of been sharing a bed with them...it leaves me to speculate....just sayin
Thunder is a rich source of loudness. (I SO love this one!).
I would very much like to have pictures together please.
well working for Disney does do that
Worst thing about watching #longislandmedium at 12 am is always has me crying.. Ugh lol.. I love this show!! Gives me chills!
“Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you've imagined.” - Henry David Thoreau
RT : Tomorrow from 11-7, we'll need your votes one last time for Milwaukee to host the 2012 Social Media Tourism Symposium!
oh wow.. Ok well goodnight!
will do! Nice meeting you!
thanks! i thought of it this morning in the car whilst blasting the radio and feeling amazed to be alive. *G*
I know you've been busy, so have I! I just like knowing what's going on with you. I like to be informed!
no problem, thanks c:
thanks for following! Keep it up!:)
IKR!!! I've seen tour buses all over and everybody is just giving off the most electric vibe
Who the hell wants to stop?
The Outer Space Men booth is now packed and will be set up Friday morning. 2465 across from DC Comics. Totally cool spot this year!
Every little bump in the road I try to swerve
You can only rightfully be offended by words that you yourself do not say. Think about it
Hey ! we started development at the end of last year. So far we've been releasing mvps to around 100 testers.
What a amazing night at juicy hit capacity by 12!! Love it.
Ah I missed taking naps an waking up with no worries about school or anything :)
's Unfollowed me than followed me again Wuddup with that dude ? xD
This is the best pen I've ever taken from a teacher.
Treat Her Like A Queen , Fuck Her Like A Pornstar (:
Living in the lib lately
20% in the second half you fuckin cock suckers. Over payed obnoxious tutsoons is all I see. Joke. Go home 13 in a row.
awesome! Could make the midnight premier so going for a matinee :) can't wait until tonight
Fantastically underwhelmed-V Muniz in Wasteland. Strategy scenes w/his wife? So uncomfortable, the back of my eyeballs saw the light of day.
Chilling at the Martigues festival in the South of France. Gig is tomorrow with Joe Martin and Donald Kontomanou.
Do u think there was a hungry hippo that didn't want 2 eat n mom hippo was all 'There r baby hippos in Africa that wuld DIE 4 these balls!'
What makes you think I'm not?
I'm right next to you your :b
Ive always wondered why boys get tatted so much??
I honestly hate writing "L" on my #Yankees calendar!
might of gone to junk. Try to resend and I will keep an eye out for it
curious was this for todays event or a different one?
"Bottles on me and I'm white boy faded... I am faded"... kimmy Blanco
your tweets about austin are amazing, follow back?:)xox
At the Seattle Police Accountability Forum. Very heated debate happening.
Kenya will cut them girls.. why are they messing with her!?
lol at all of this Puyol breaking the celebration, Tito and Pep looking like we are losing or something
i know that gonna be haut when she gonna do that i need a pic of u 3 totheter u know u the one u sent me with u in g wheni was
GAME 7 HERE WE FUCKING COME!
You won't have me for long, cause baby I'm moving on<\3
Especially for women. We need to put people on mute to discover their real intentions!
RT : did I mention how great it is to sit on patio on busy neighborhood st. with no parking lot buffer!
Mall Soon.!(:
Ironic! RT : "12 Easy Ways to Reduce Stress at Work" Haha - I laugh at this headline and delete this email. NO TIME.
Don't get in the way of ur happiness. Love is real. Love is true. If u keep it real w/ me, I won't block u.
Walking dead.
Im goin out the same way i came in
My neighbors love me. I have a snow thrower. The ones awake, that is.
I just have to put my trust in God because he has the plan
leaving soon for Django meetup in Cambridge MA. "Judging Google AppEngine: Should you use it?"
I'll have to check it out! Thanks for telling me=) xoxo
I also thought of the driving thing. Maybe retail? All the pop music I know comes from middle school summers at the pool
Phillies leave Rollins stranded at 3rd after a lead off double..no score after 1 inning at the Bank
I'm downtown LA at The Pacific Center ...love the building architecture in this area!!
I like the blackhawks
I forgot they switched the night of my show! :(
I was hoping for a moment of weakness
hit me @ mrsarlove and we can discuss it
Chun on early ideal of internet as "anonymous" supplanted by ideal of being "authenticated."
Walk/text simultaneously...and clumsily in Bmore? Admit it for a story. Also who hates walker/texters? Msg Pls RT
follow me D: please gaga!
Happy Easter, Denver! Anyone have any special plans?
drake is actually freakin sexy. #rappers:)
The link to posters and abstracts was supposed to be live by May 1 but it's till not live :(
Austin changed my life.
RT : Michelle Pfeiffer was gifted Orlane products @ the Dark Shadows junket! RT 4 a chance 2 win 1 of the products gifted!
Love is in the air!!!
Its difficult to pray about something you don't care about. Crawford
Almost there can almost taste it!
Maan fk who ever say they a sneakerhead these days..I know real sneakerheads..But yeah & the yr just started!
thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoy our music. Stay tuned, we will have a new album coming out in the coming months!
Shouldn't every library in the USA have 50 copies of Captain America? ;-)
yeah, but it won't happen, lol. at least not yet.
Thank you for the very positive words. Hope you are having a good weekend.
how cool is that!
Rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I'm not.
Got my backpack on, tipsy, spirit hood on head... I'm liking this
What will you be snacking on during tomorrow's game?
doing pretty good stayin busy with auditions
What The NBA Could Learn From The NFL Lockout
haha, alright im out of the phase i was just in.
"I wasn't that drunk" Dude you threw a sock at a midget and screamed "Dobby be free!"
done for now, some interesting questions...haha was fun:)
Final meeting of the year! Excited to see all the ladies!
i am eating an orange
Aww mother's day futurama is on~
#HHD Philippines, America, Canada, Europe, South Africa, SE Asia, Australia and New Zealand!
Sounds like the #phdslam was a great success. Congrats on the article in the Times, Orla!
I need funding for my feature film-- a collection of Poe shorts.
if my dog had thumbs he could manage in the AL.
That moment when you both stop kissing, look at each other, giggle, then kiss again.
Pass me a glass : GM mate. Miss u tho. Jus havn a wine.
Doing my favorite thing in the world.. Swinging on my back porch swing and listening to music just thinking about how blessed I am!
But they can- what about the Alamo's/Arclight's texting/talking policy?
um Matt a snow truck cant pick up trash... Lol
Tip of the day: if you want to be good at something then alls you got to do is stop sucking at it
Had the most AMAZING night at last night! Fuck , were sick joke good. Blown away!
For me to come out yet...
geeked i got a B on my paper!!
Watching Sinbad at the Central Catholic auction. Good times
Hey what happened to Gismo's twitter account ? It says that its suspended ! I miss his tweets
$100 to whoever brings me ice cream first!!!!!!!
Watching this Vikes/Packers game with no sound, I'm voting for all sports having no commentators. (Obviously does not apply to Gus Johnson)
We gave them matchup problems even when they were fully healthy.
I'd like To be, everything you want.. #BOYFRIEND Not bad.. Not bad at all ;* <3
I think I just earned my #lazyscrabbleplayer badge
When doors get slammed in my face thru out life..theres always windows that are unlock...
You need to shut the fuck up, and worry about yourself.
cool beans
Over under on GOP defections on Ryan budget was 13 so under wins as ten Republicans defect.
@ the library getting our education on :-)
#thingsihate my iPhone screen dirty/smudge marks.
HEY HOW U DOIN
What happened? Did you lose a bet? RT : in greenville sc. Wanna get away?
Happy Halloween everyone! Who saw that episode of walking dead lastnight? It's was crazy. Almost to 1000 followers keep spreading the word.
Only if it's also wrong that wealthy patients hire aides for home, others can't and must live in facility.
So.... why these Old ass lakers playing right now? -__-
Good morning, all! Especially to my new followers. I see you ! Have a wonderful day.
Can u follow me please(: make my day
Good show tonight. Couple weeks in a row now.
Audition # 2 with Chris G. at Radiant Studios!
J.R Smith showed up to play today
Rush the field, rush the field..like you just won a big ten Cham...game. hahaha.
The is done and on its way to your inbox!!
I Hate Walking Pass A Group Of Niggas
My band needs a guitarist but I fuckin' lost Buckethead's number..shit..guess I'll hit up Michaelangelo Batio instead..
"Fader" by Temper Trap is making me want to dance my butt off instead of researching. Lol
#Caps Beagle says he's looking at 4-6 weeks before he can start working out again
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. - Paul Valery
me too
Just got my order from !! LOVE these sexy workout outfits!
“Life-sized Mousetrap game constructed near Carnegie Science Center! twitpic.com/675tnd (via )”
not making any promises(;
Having someone who understands the life you live... >>>>>>>>>>>>>
At Mangoes talking about things other than steampunk with & entourage!
My wife is going to kill us she will not stop texting and driving
The lettuce in my yard isn't nearly that big!
totally!! What are you doing tonight?
does anyone know where i can find the "through sin and self destruction" video by asking alexandria?
Arms by on
Sure! Tell me more about it....
The fray's performance was awful
no you weren't.
me too! I love and their offerings change frequently. I just got some stuff with jcrew factory too.
HOLIDAY PARTY? We can cater it! 10 percent off new customer orders. Call today! 614-891-ACME
Romney disqualified for toddler crowd surfing incident
Looks like that guy was just coming back from grocery shopping on his Segway.
Gym flow in a hour but right now I'm finna smash lol
Teaching is convincing a teenager that the work she sees no value in does serve a greater purpose in preparing her for the rest of her life.
I dont know why I keep going I feel hopeless
An Eastside would be so refreshing right now but I have none of the ingredients (gin, cucumber, mint, lime, simple syrup). Oh, bother!
I should be on the haunted or paranormal or something. Theirs a ghost in my room and its fucking with my head and my mom doesn't believe me!
10 rolls of sod at the Washington Co. ReStore for $30!
Dinner time around this house is awful. Kids thinking they r starving marvins around here.
I'm a #Browns supporter first & foremost. Anyone who can help this team put fear into the AFCNorth is fine with me!
Words don't mean shit if your actions contradict
made my day - a special avi for me awww
Show your support with your wallets, not just tweets. Today's a good day to donate to , even if it's just $5.
Trying to find out if I can still participate in #THATCampSE? I just arrived in Atlanta, work in DH
DAIRY QUEEN Y U NO OPEN LATE???
UMD users: access to MatLab, SAS, MiniTab and more available on all EPSL public computers.
so who is excited for the album?
how r u?
Getting to the point of being disciplined takes self-control, God, focus, and purpose. Self-discipline is the highest form of self-respect.
imy2 :/ ill be back tomorrow! Can you hook up my hair this week? ;3 Thurs maybe? Plzzz! <3
Thanks for following me Peggy! Have a great New Year's holiday!
Good morning! Another busy Monday ahead We are working hard to wrap up our new website this week Our services video is really looking great.
now now I think even the Jew crew MA'ed more than papa bear.. Slow your roll kiddos
RT : Just now, JR says next weekend will be gorgeous, let's hope that forecast sticks!-----Yes..let's hope (4 my sake)..haha
I am sympathetic on the headache front! I find an ice pack always helps. Iced coffee also indicated in this case, yes?
Privileged to speak to social work students today @ statehouse!
Thank you for joining, we hope you enjoyed the evening!
It only took me two years!
#Fail removing TV shows and movies from Instant Play–the future is streaming not shipping! Who has time to wait–Sell NFLX buy AAPL
Exciting news...Seasons 52's Summer Menu will be available on June 21!
This rain aint doing it for me.
This class is pointless.
Condolences to the Edwards Family; Pray that a cure is found before we loose another loved one to this disease named "CANCER"
#Romney #mitt2012 #AnnRomney don't you dare pretend to understand my struggles . Have you gone hungry to feed your child? Shut the #fuck up
dinner ideas???
Looking for a graphic artist/designer. We have a colleague who is looking for one. Please post your info here.
when i'm done with school i'm starting a blog about the weird things people do when working out at my gym. I have some real gems to share.
Partying with sluts
how did this happen? Were you noodeling with your feet?
And then people get mad at me when I'm an asshole to those types of Brewer "fans" I think you proved my point for me...
Don't remind me!
Veterans or not.. they can be mad if they want 2 nigga u gon play take this loss n get hungry its the fuckin playoffs
At the del mar fairgrounds for the cab concert. when do you guys play?
its ok mami! It will pass just keep your head up
My shit just tweaked hard!
I'm your #1 fan in Chicago, although I missed your show this time I've never been prouder to be a fan! You Rock!
No, but i use the same one. i have a mean spin
#TEAMFOLLOW BACK Been a while. This is fun! Following UR Hollywood!
totally jealous!
even if u dont break him...cuddling is just as good :)
are you working tonight?
ended up busting #vds in last level, ran pretty bad after dinner and lost the last 20bb 22 v AK aipf. 1k tomorrow?
Go DJ - that's our DJ - you rock everytime!! #thesocial official DJ
ok... I'll check them out. Do you have a personal website. Any music for sale (iTunes, etc)?
Thanks for the kind words. I thought 3RD WHEEL sounded like it could be a great movie that needs to be made
Have you stuck to your New Year's resolutions? Reward yourself with a purchase of any of Special Library Wines thru Jan!
64 degrees??? Can't wait to play outside today!
Greenberg, ROI considerations for metadata generation: time, money, quality, & use/functionality
perfect spring day soundtrack: & 's "life," 's "sunlandic twins" & 's "lungs"
Happy Anniversary President and First Lady! 19 years strong! Whoo Hoo!
We're curious: what's your favorite New York-themed movie or play??
Snapping right now. About to start drinking.
I'm partial to the, "More Brett Gardners" answer--greater emphasis on D leads to more hits taken away, AND worse hitters
I wish I was with my boyfriend right now :(
The severity of ADD / ADHD symptoms varies from person to person. About 1/3 of people with ADHD do not express hyperactive behavior.
At the dentist ):
dying skunk hair back because
What is the difference between oral sex and anal sex? Oral sex makes your day, but anal sex makes your hole weak!
Beware of the #landshark!
Thinkin i wanna go to kwood for my bday!
brown-forman.com/careers On Premise Manager - Wisconsin
Seats are really filling up! #NickCarr is an incredible speaker! Hope to see you at #Phorum12 today.
word to big bird.
Yes, I will def. make it to one of those! need to finally meet you.
started too, we used natures cure :)
Almost done with cleaning! Threw out four bags of crap and am donating four bags of clothes. It feels great...
Quite some hair splitting you're doing there. As if I don't believe in funding constitutional functions of govt.
almond yogurt is very puddingesque. Yum.
Our "interesting" wine show and program is about to get kicked off and launched...stay tuned - new site will be announced shortly!!
#FirstRead: Michelle Obama Jealous of Oprah? New Book’s Claim Deemed ‘Nonsense’ – Christian Post
Someone take a walk to the bay with me*
Shouts go to another dope battle rapper.Respect
How has cancer touched your life?
Bishop Paul Morton is straight old school
666 Park Avenue is my early pick for dumbest new TV show.
do you think Polk could be good back for packers with the departure of grant?
": like the song "Soon and very soon!"hey hey now
what a goddess
yes! What a break through. I hope this leads to bigger things for him.
My theme song is Outstanding by Charlie Wilson singing it live on the UWF cd. Love it when he say Smack a cutie on da booty Begin work lol
Music is the art which is most nigh to tears and memory. --Oscar Wilde
same shit im saying when we could go to one of there free events and try to get a pic instead of being like omg omg lmao
Hollins has position everytime yet only has 2 rebounds
welcome! So what's up?
So I thought I'd spotlight a news story... There are over 100 new Destination ImagiNation team news stories today alone!
.....Whats good with ya L boogie?
Options expired worthless. Another great trade. New option trade released today. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Project: Interaction ( & ) will be attending A Better World By Design conference!
Who want to be on a t.v show tomorrow at 11 and get paid for it were looking for ppl that look like skators must be at least 18
haha be back wed to bug you again
#HURTS but I will have some ponies going to ease the pain
your song O or o or however you spell it is so amazing! An entire song using almost no lyrics.
Loving work - lots of insight . lots to learn. great model .
Had a great time talking to studio class today about our experience making podcasts and what we've learned from it. Thanks!
but there's no profile attached to report
Don't mind the last few tweets, twitter was somehow hacked...
I feel like I'm forgetting something?
Good week to U!
Thankful I'm done with my cocoa cuz it would have shot out of my nose at the mental image of trash with a red bow on top!
Did you know that the Smithsonian museum has a research station in Ft. Pierce, Florida?
Slept good..ready for this day full of relaxation..no exams until next week..
Well, I'm not gonna tweet until next year (;
youve got to be kidding me...
i LOVE your interview with !!! Thank you for letting the world have a glimpse into that side of you!!
Timothy Olyphant tearing up...I mean, this show has become amazing in the last three minutes, basically.
#justbecause, ok #elvis fans, time for a contest reply to this tweet to be a contestant, we're looking for 3
morning chica..how are u today????
Ha! In the mens room? No!!
Why did they make a big chocolate ice cream thing on a stick and name is MAGNUM..... Hm anyone else find that ironic?
Thank you guys so much for 603 followers !! im a die hard bella fan and im happy people appreciate this account (:
Looking for a few good bars to visit when I go to Denver any Ideas?
Or maybe I'll stay up!(: why not! take a nice jog!
You SO deserve it. Good luck!!
You learn so many life lessons on a Fung Wa
Awesome! I'm going to try to skate a little with a friend tomorrow :)
shol is tell a friend, mama,sister,brother even yo grandmother passing #FreeBands out
#Casting - Anne McCarthy casting three Arabic roles for "Thunder Run." NABIL 20s, SAHAF 50s, and SALAH 52. More info on Facebook or in app.
you mean Jessica LOL
I don't understand y our neighbors have to b so damn loud.
Just got Greinke'd in RttS, except Addison Reed gave up 6 in the 9th.
“: did you play it loud and proud?!:)” its the only way to play it, windows down & speakers bumpin'
i dont want to have a job... FML
The subtleties of human decency - - Character & Decency -- still matters. It always has and always will.
#1omf Don't get caught up..
lovin francis and the lights, thx to
Apparently the #foofighters played Lyons (yes, Colorado) today. Woah!
Don't aim towards pleasing everyone because no matter what you do, not everyone will like you.
sounds amazing!fabulous idea~ one of the items recovered was a Truefitt shave bowl, we carry Truefitt shave products
Firefox 6.0 has been released today.
Its amazing, after a few drinks my depressed mood went away. I now feel great!
I love my six-pack so much, I protect it with a layer of fat.
Blah. Is this what I want?
Here's a #regex to match an #integer or #float: /^[+-]?\d+(\.\d+)?$/ Gotta love the cross platform nature of regular expressions!
No shame! That was back when there was still an annual Street Spectacular. You were probably a pre-schooler.
Nooks for our birthdays. First observation: Nook start up time = a couple minutes; Book = instant.
Change it up
you wasnt with me shooting in the gym?!
at least it's on Boylston, makes it a little better.
Salsaludos starting my day by reading the lords book and jumping into my work, have a blesses day all.
In honor of the DADT repeal, I'm in the military and I love getting fucked in the ass by guys, a lot of guys. Seriously, a lot of guys.
I just saw the picture! Hahaha
one funnel hit the ground in the city before me then the one after so thankfully it passed over only
Tonight is both Spanish & French Conversation (7-9pm)
turnovers tend to drop off in the second half if the first was bad. Usually. So I expect that to happen.
With smaller staffs can't copy edit more than once. (Surprised it's taken this long to make the shift.)
THE VOICE FINALS!!!!! YEAH BABY!!!! Bieber is gonna be on there tonight :pp
Im still confused to why u would want to fuck everybody then brag about it..thats really nasty and dirty and then u record everything. Smh
what's that?
True love requires two hearts
thank u so much!&do you live in GA? Cause if you dont ill tell him to follow you when i go see him in ATL(:
Spent my whole day at Delta and to be honest I actually liked it
No one!!
TOMORROW: Meeting the Mifflin Senior Center (330 W. Mifflin) at 7pm, come hear all about MIfflin
#movie #PaperHeart looks really cute...too bad its not playing nearby yet
Yummy Hispanic dinner for #CincoDeMayo ! Happy Saturday :-)
A one-off scrolling timeline thingy… Not public yet. Will send link when it is.
Thank you for the FF last week, Julian!
I was thinking that earlier today debbie cake!!
PSA: Please do NOT drink and drive tonight. Have a designated driver, call a Taxi, or A. We want you alive & well tomorrow. ;-} Please RT
Maybe it's the Diane Swayer "I'm too old for HD" soft focus.
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow, I'd want you to lay here beside me and play with my hair until I fell asleep. <U+2764>
: is a new follower
On The Nightstand: The Synergetic Follower by Kurt Madden and 7 Habits (again) by Covey. What are you reading?
To put on an evening gown and take private copter ride to the top of the alps to get dumped on national tv...that would suck.
Got off work a little early whoop whoop! gonna relax and watch THOR!! then headin out for the grad ceremony.
Trying to find the story in the loads of data I have from several observational studies.
"There comes a time when you have to stop remembering your mistakes and move on. No regrets in life, just lessons"
To Twitter Newpeople out there:Heck, I dont know what I'm doing either. I'm trying to follow folks whose blogs I like, learning as I go. GL!
RT Some great sessions put together by & team at #loac2012 this week. Great group to meet & discuss local!
Its not a party until someones pants are off.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Johnson & Johnson Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
Fact: Blueberries, tomatoes, carrots, olive oil, and sweet potatoes are GREAT for your skin.
Interior lighting, new doors, crown moulding and more. Mr.D's is your one stop contractor for home improvements. Call us today 619-562-5848
thanks, girl!
amare needs to cut those braids
Enjoy Spring! The ceramic Eggling is an egg that you crack with a spoon, add seeds, water and wait for your mini garden to bloom.
International Hotel Group Signs Up For New 4 Star Hotel At Royal Randwick: Branded Adina Apartment Hotel Royal Randwick Racecourse, t...
Happy International Beer day! this calls for a celebration ;)
lol I love you too mese!
great topic for #jedchat tonight.
So i got yelled at by a substitute and i was acting weird at lunch with my besties pretty god daay(:
A good friend of mine told me recently that "the sun shines even when it rains." Good advice. Let's keep our heads up!
aye imma be at the meet but I'm not runnin' . So FWM while I'm there !
You can't be a boss if u ain't eatin'!!
: RT : Would love to hear from any English speaking family in Mexico City/Oaxaca re: quake. AP Radio 202-641-9820
We're all going Loco in Va. Beach. Is Vegas going Loco too?
MissDeRossi is bein' a little screechy this morning ... may have been drivin' her too hard of late
yay I got an a on my English essay
"If you're a #nonprofit & care about #Facebook, go to 's blog.He's an animal!" #WSNPC #NPConference via - I agree!
Unexpectedly pleasant TSA experience at #PHX. They let baby stay in carrier & keep her shoes on! Happy parents are we.
Wow what a relay! Matty got hammered though
I hope you are having a wonderful day!<3
My hand just fell asleep and I'm not even entertaining myself. Obviously, the magic is gone.
you're about 12 hours early for that
Boom. Surpassed 1000 followers. Apparently we should switch handles more often. (Don't worry, we won't really do that.)
Apparently, it set the record for the hottest temp recorded that day ever. We're for it!
There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page or closing the book...
Looking for a qualified Technical Game Designer. Position located in Los Angeles, CA. Email me @
Cant wait to hear that!!:)
I love the music. I'm just stuck on Gunmetal Black Dress.
Not sure who Tweeted it but awesome! "Did Madonna just sing, "I'm sixty and I know it."
Sorry. I'm referring to the whole film.
#cil2010 iso 11620 is an iso standard for performance indicators for libraries-how did I never know this?
Thanks for the west coast love... wouldn't mind being in SD this time of year
a million bucks? i'll pay for half!
Nah, I don't want to live so far north anyway. No telescope for me.
When I was an R.A. at CCU, one of my residents was from Austin and said that Chuy's is delicious!!!
sounds good!
Outside Chilln wit my nephew
follow me back?
Hey Man .. we all screw up ... just continue forward
Wait, maybe not. I dunno, I'm being pestered to play fetch with a cat.
Why do people want to grow up so fast?
M...blackened salmon & steamed veggies!!
Male cheerleaders= the most heterosexual athletes in the world.
everybody follow my boy -sorry ladies hes married but bros he's hilarious-wolfy let me know if you get any followers
Hey Taro, sorry I missed you. Monday's are rough to get out w/ the Baby, are you only at the Roseville location Monday nights?
Up extra early to take parents down to doctors west hospital.
It's getting to that point in the semester where I really need to get my butt in gear. 24 Days.
New word (to me): "screenager".
yeah that sucks... being in top 50 just makes it show on the web page right? this week is probably the hardest bc its the last
Thanks for the kind words today
I just got done playing that! It pisses me off too much!
Thanks Jenna! Hope you have a great Thanksgiving :)
I think it's summer weather so I think it's summer time so I'm wearing summer clothes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
im not a snitch but uh ..
sammy adams! Are you having a signing?
I'd probably have Marisa Miller's babies lol
Man, the more I hear My Morning Jacket, the more I dig 'em. Could Dondante be one of the greatest songs ever? Gives me chills everytime...
You Can't Take It With You is 2nd show at next season
Hahah! But I have something that would make you feel better<3 Check out the new #bandoftheday ;)
I wonder why do ppl always looks for stuff that's not ment for them, then what's for them!
What happens in the shoe at pelican bay?
Be Valentine's Day Ready Event! February 3rd
We're following her! Get your head out the gutter. Haha
im not been cheeky, i was just saying too haha. ohh well, i dont know the people x
Ha my friend predicted I will have my big break 3yrs away! I better get crackin.. & what's new? I'm nauseous & prego!
Good nutrition for healthy eating | Bodybuilding, Supplements, Diets ...
My mind is so programmed on the wrong Sh*t...need a break..ATL...jacksonville...Memphis...Which One?
great meeting you at the mobile ux. I have an upcoming event I'd love for you to speak at re: design/app design. Interested? DM me.
gonna miss everything. :/
same gmail address you sent the beats to yesterday fam lol I'll DM you
Good news in FL for hist preservation grants - final recommendation from #FLGov was 1.2 mill. $ for good/worthy grant projects this year.
Welcome back Hossa.
Congrats on the baby!
did those actually come on the boxes?! If so that's awesome! Always trying to get my friends to quit
oh yeah I'll be there most definitely
werq it out!
The Creation Museum is terrifying.
Hell ya only 2 classes today
Watched Blue Valentine. I heard there was a cunning linguist in the movie, but there wasn't ANY discussion of linguistics. Disappointed.
Discontent is the first necessity of progress. - Thomas Edison
“: Sending a girl a text that says "I love you Beautiful" can change her attitude for the whole day.” YES. This. <3
Your welcome.
A Duke Ellington jazz classic, "In a Sentimental Mood" performed by John Coltrane. bit.ly/vScneL fb.me/1ijW90prT
My bed > My couch.
#WhyWeTrain RT : That's 13 full miles and then a bit more just in case you're not yet having a coronary.
Mouth is still numb from the dentist 3 hours ago! Grrr
I thought u were cuz u said thanks love but I say that to so idk y I asked u if u were British lol where are u from?:)
We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -Thomas Paine
Downloading it now and preordered my tix a few minutes ago! Man I can't wait for 6/8.
Debating whether or not to get VIP tickets for #AmericanIdolTour or not.... is the main decider...
-time to get some new friends. Leesh has pretty much withdrawn her membership, Kris is so preoccupied with soccer and school, Dyl is having-
"You ain't the only one that's tryin' to be the only one." #np #Drake We'll Be Fine
im really thinking about it. But I'd be stuck in Detroit for hours.
That's deep bro
Turn on da lights, I'm lookin fa her too!
The Premier is my fan because i pay big tax :D
Weep with those who weep and REJOICE with those who are celebrating a win! kleenex and baloons
Thanks for sharing!
Thanks For MCR
Happy 5 de Mayo:)
Any nigga cant make me cry . But he did so I guess he was the only one I cared about .
your welcome ps. Ur really cute :)
#Sleepy goodnight my lovely followers :)
I have a fear that paris hilton will be back on tv soon
Major playing, song singing, dancing and laughing was had today. Thank goodness for friends with toddlers.
Someone once said that things never get any easier, you just get stronger.
I'M ON IT
Listening to Richard kurin talk at cajms closing session in philly.
you gotta be a dyke calling me a fag but you gotta be inbred quoting a redneck. Ignorant bitch!
Playing some #AngryBirds Gravy
According to Univ. of Chicago research, birds dream about their songs, have dream rehearsals, and sing improved songs the next day.
thank god it's monday
looking forward to tonight... finalizing the message, “Thriving in a Hostile Environment!"
no its nigga we need to buy some hoes RT Five words every guy says: We should buy a bar.
if you could collab with any artist right now, who would it be? (:
wow. Craig huh? I'll never forgot that one. We're even though. Remember when I got jumped on the bus because of you? <U+E00D><U+E105>
Why are there a whole bunch of crayola markers laid across the organ?!
hey! what up?
Whoop! I'm going to be a Jr. Next year Finally!:)
While there are people that I annoying, I will live and continue their great mission))
Can't sleep. I would like someone to occupy my time right meow
yeaa 2012 has been having amazing tracks so far haha
This is one hella margarita!
I can't tell if this person with extraordinarily large eyeballs and a swirled face uses hoards of drugs or just has a MacBook and an ego.
A stranger just told me I'm "kinda scary." So I poked him in his alone zone. Hard.
Sweet! I made it on the Morning Animals show this morning. Definitely a sports fan's #riteofpassage!
That's a great commercial!! Hilarious...
Enjoyed your article. Gave a good perspective of the company in relation to their 1Q earning.
where you wanna go?
Take your place. Make your mark. Live your life. <3
depressing. your day is coming. Happens around 32
#School year's almost over, but your kids don't have to fall behind. Summer #tutoring now available with LearningRx.
i cant that's not one of her fan bases! D:& well, like with all the things thats been going around with him & he told...
We've got our farmers mkt blend - mainly centrals & brazil for $10 a full pound. Not on the site tho... Gotta come out to the mkt...
I gave up all of it for you son that's why I'm in this position
SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING in the Orlando attraction areas.....
You don't need anybody that does not need you. Focus on those who truly appreciate you & get rid of those who don't.
you order we make. When do you want it?
take me off your list
#Honored MT : Changed my pic in honor of your skills and our wedding day. We're still married! YAY!
Here we go
Adolfo Henriques, Chairman of the #MiamiDade Cultural Affairs Council addresses the Commission!
#nowlistening "Rafters". performing at 's showcase
Valentines Day Winner, you have 1 hour to respond to the email we sent. If we do not hear from you by 8:15am, we are picking a new winner.
This match isn't going to happen..
... perish the thought Shannon!
RT : First up in the competition is Perry, the Pretentious Pumpkin by Krystle Henniger
My SSN and Steve Jobs' are less that 3000 apart! I had no idea we were related.
Amazing! : HTML 5 allows manipulation of 3D graphics in real time, allowing med students to dissect a biodigital human
Am interested in any reporductive health stories linked to Text to change
OKC had a week off and everything they throw up goes in! It's just their night at home that's all!
Hope ya dont mind if i added you on Goggle+.I really want to get to communicate with you more often. :)
Finished the radio show and watching DaddyO do an interview. Dropping knowledge like rain on the dry plains.
Even tho I grew up in the hood, I never was in the dope game, I just played sports, & talked 2 beautiful women!
monday // driving through the desert grasslands that grew me / thinking in tongues / like me / the sun is younger than it looks // summer
another night of double digit of runners LOB is the bigger issue happening way too much
At my cousins house <U+E057>
RT RT : “I've never been a millionaire but I just know I'd be darling at it.”
You honestly mean the world to me, <3
Social Distortion! !! Tonight! I can't wait!!!
Happy Valentine's Day to all the girls and half the guys, everywhere!
Tomorrows #knitting crash course is all full . Check the website for my next one
#caps win! Seventh game in overtime. Coming up I'm going to re-tweet something I said before the series started..
Is there an iTunes 10.5 Beta 4 for 64-bit Windows?
Smith: Foreground labor!
I will! Merry Christmas to you! Miss you!
Aye everybody got the biggest booty on twitter !
We are at the shop until 6pm today! Come in and ask about our NEW laptops!
Hi Mary, all is well on this side of the states, Hit asmall snag in my writng, but it should get unraveled soon--I hope
Hey Carlos where you will spend Christmas? aa and another thing... MERRY CHRITSMAS!
ha! *only* 8 hrs? sounds great to me!
Please follow us back
A froggy good morning to all!
Forgot about Twitter! Too much going on in the new year. VERY HAPPY M M X!
hey whats up;)
Sidebar: I love the evolving standard of beauty. On Tues.,a group of blk. teens 2 me "lookin like the 1st Lady out here"
Tell me why I'm wide awake nd I woke up at 8am for wrk. Hardly getting a gud five hours of sleep... Crazii.
great, can't wait, ur an inspiration to moms everywhere.
Thank you for being the worst so that I could be the best
Wished you were mine. <U+2764>
awe hell I though u went 2day
Those are known as "skeuomorphs," BTW: design features that mimic past materials. // What phone icon shows you have voicemail?
love it !
Whoa what?! Siwon is my husband! Lol
It'll be at Destiny's Lounge on 8 Mile & Livernois
Twisting at The Hilltop Thanksgiving Day from Noon-3pm!
What is UI & UX? User Experience /Interface is the design of programs & websites to be easier to navigate for a targeted determined user(s)
Commission is in closed session for approximately an hour.
ITS 11:11 (; make a wish and say i hope you tweet me <3
bring the kid with you. they should see Avengers too :)
Could you be any more Canadian? You spend your life in a hockey rink! ;-)
Its true pain that make people change.
Fine...now we're even on the TOOTBLANs
Teach kids how to write their signature. No keyboarding.
What section?
I swear I'm not trying to overreact
Nice few days in #Chateauneuf, now off to #CoteRotie and #Hermitage for a little
Enter stage left, the 2011 Lincoln MKZ Hybrid, which is making its big debut in the Big Apple.
Thanks for the memorable comm. speech Brandon! I enjoyed the space references. Students will def listen to it again.
thinks there's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning
I'm pretty >50% of Apple's business is overseas though. That has to come into play for taxes.
How about Madagascar? It's safe there!
I admitt, you are my celebrity crush... Can I get a #RT to see that you care lol
The fact that I saw so many girls wearing Uggs this morning <<<
Oh, not intentionally! :) RT : you left me off the #dctheatre #rollcall list...
good to see your tweets, too!
Oh...well, same here, of course! But it will be the retro-futuristic Disneyland Monorail gliding over the "Hyperion Bridge."
QUOTE - "The greatest despair for a society is the fear that living honestly is futile." C. Alvaro. Never give up. Never, Ever!
hey beautiful . Please check out my TV special w . It's amazing !
I think Central Michel Richard has a pvt dining room.
haha! Fire hazard!!
Makin a happy hour run at sonics....out of the "kindness" of my heart
I think just through out a faboulosity comment.
Congrats to Heather Bowe on her commitment to play and attend Vanderbilt!
LMAOOOOO “: My mother comes home with a turtle. What am I supposed to do with a turtle?”
I say 50 goes to Cowboys stadium as its sports best venue. Then we follow rotation of West Coast, East Coast, Dome, Cold city.
yes that would probably be allowed!
"What are you doing??"...."Oh my family is over...we're playing....sex"
Slacker Radio rules !!!!!! C: #nothingtodo :/
well look at the bright side, i get to have fun at six flags all day lol
Well said. rt : Sen. Jauch: "The only thing this bill compromises is our natural resources."
“: We text like we're a couple and when we're in school. We act like we dont even know each other”
holy beaded taco! Loves it!
Facebook IPO price = Too High
Wear an abortion skirt and eat raw fish.
So my laptop has gone nuts! I cant get on facebook on my computer because it thinks its 2001.
who's megan Beckers???
I couldn't get through it...have a LIMITED attention span.
thanks for choosing It was delish! Connect your and get ;)
It's annoying when twitter reposts your tweet like 6 times in a row. To me and you too, I'm sure.
I can't go my bands playing/:
Hello World!
wait why do you have to redo it
Wonder how they feel about Walker saying its Madison and the rest RT (in part), Rock, Douglas, Eau Claire, LaCrosse...
are you the real john cusack
In a relationship <3
Yankees lost to the royal's wtf!
ily so much cant wait to here the song follow me please
It's Friday AND Star Wars day.
I wish ... only if the kid inherits its athletic abilities from its uncles.
Good organic rule of thumb I just learned. If you eat the skin eat
Those are some lucky gals ;) Much <3
Awwe, you're beautiful. NO LIE. <3 Are you going to see Austin in NY?! :)
But if u want us to do all the promoting we have three levels that give u extra promotions, let us know what ur needs are.
TY for your cheers! & : RT Getting ready to pitch MSNBC producer!
Women with deep voices throw me off
I hope it lives up to the hype. 'Phantom' by Jo Nesbo
": Twins don't wait in line " haha now that I think about it thats so true! Lines dont exist when he hit the streets
the best way is just to check their twitter. They dont have the text update
just gonna ride it out and see how it goes. =)
Help empower foster children be successful #success #foster care
Iron on?
Those who know their purpose for existence & develop their talents never have any doubt; read about Steve Jobs, Muhammad Ali
hey scheana :) please follow my personal account!? () :)
I really like watching Kenneth Faried play, he works so hard
UCONN IS COMING BACK.
you look amazing(:
Listening to Rude Boy , makes me wanna have sex , which makes me think of having sex , which makes me horny.
I know it's a serious issue, but can the media stop using the term "tar balls" when talking of the BP oil spill?
"Living isn't so hard. It's living right that is...Right? "—DJohnson (Talented&BrokeNov26) ReTweet
Today I had a science test and it took like all period. We had 15 minutes left and I didnt do 5 problems. I was like im tired nap time! lol
thats what the refs are giving us!
The more I talk to you the more I want you but obviously I cannot have you and will never have you.
I honestly have no idea what to do about this mud right now
get better Biddy.
Romo being up in the 'pen now should say all you need to know about who the closer will be without Wilson (Casilla).
Took my class to the Mütter Museum to discuss alienation and monstrosities. Afterwards, a pleasant brunch.
perhaps he could work it off seeing bowties?
Well. I messed that one up, huh?
When someone is pretty and they have an amazing personality it makes them that much more beautiful.
truth hurts Bitch!!!!! Bwhahah. How's work going slut?
I feel u on snow, and winter period!
miss my little bro see you soon kid
Well, crap on a cracker all of this snooping around happened before Brees. Well, it looks like it didn't help Aaron Brooks at all.
evernote + penultimate make me wonder if I want an iPad for mother's day.
Okay...So. Here is the earth. But really now...It shaping up to be a gorgeous day and I'm gonna be able to go out & enjoy it!
happy birthday baby! I hope you're enjoying tonight! #WeOutchea - I love you! :) Many many more to come!
My dog's new favorite chew toy: the green recycling bin... Why?
Home sweet home wheels been down pics n da am
So excited for the #ChemLine holiday preview tonight!!!
Did he talk to you? & Lolol, i dont really like him.
Big thanks to and Steve Shipman for organizing the Cinco de Mayhem tailgate. Great food & friends.
I love my brother :*
Following right now is pretty intense.
If sex is a pain in the butt, then you're doing it wrong ...
Packing the box truck now, heading for Louiseville for the KMEA convention. Little nasty weather here now, but should be clear S. of Ohio.
'Sons of Anarchy' maker explores real outlaws - Bend Bulletin
Gives new meaning to you shoveling through email. Ha!
Great Fun In Oconomowoc
I wish I was a little bit taller...
Our Fall semester is coming to an end, don't forget to sign up for our Winter Holiday Program (2/21-2/23). Call us at 212-439-9996 today!
Thanks for the mentions of Chameleonbeer... HAve fun @ Wolskis... Tell Dennis or Rainy that Jill say's "hi"!
You're right, it's cute no matter what! I'll post one in just a bit.
#2011RemindedMe that even your closest friend can turn into a snake .
whoops, make that 14 12. smang plays slow at 830 tomorrow in the backdoor bracket
Here's an interesting question for you, about how many hours of sleep do you get at night? WE want to know!
Iluv Bubblegum Boy ur such a great singer :)
I'm glad I get absolutely no respect in this class.
If baby pigeons tasted worse, I would feel bad for eating one earlier today.
Stoll has impeccable acting skills. "Oh god, a soccer game has broken out." - Stepdad
Thanks lovely lady :)
Escape The Fate <3 c:
I Must Be Sticky, Cuz All Dese Niggas Eyes Glued
Some random runza lady just hugged me , she saw me on the news . hhah don't i feel cool . (;
Happy Birthday!! Glad you're part of the family of The Big Blue Nation.... Go Cats!!
probably can sleep due to a system revolt. Better go find some Brew Dog this morning.
Need a vacation to get away. Maybe California for Anaheim 1?? Hm
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese. As if I don t have enough on my plate.
shows cows running round ghost town in #Japan nuclear exclusion zone. What happens when those radioactive cows break free?
Thanks for coming to see Shamarr today!
This girl a church serving breakfast had four visible piercings and 3 visible tatoos. No telling wat the Lord was hiding under that apron
hey. A lot of my friends do hip hop I'll ask them where they record!
Round #2 topics include; International Perspectives in journalism history, relationship between history & memory in media studies, studies..
now chickens!
cause spotlight: Love146: the abolition of child sex slavery... define your cause, define your world... love146.org definingapparel.com
I love you
Hey just saw your twin walking down Broadway carrying a mirror from family dollar
playboy, we LIVE in the South too....wait, does S. FL count? lol It's more like Latin Amer here
Awwh omg you remember my birthday, that's so sweet! :) xo <U+2665>
!!!! look feed! it could be over!
Selecting a new beneficiary is difficult! So many great #cancer organizations. Want to be considered? Contact us.
#ImAddicted to #tattoos. I can't wait to get my chest portrait all the way done. Sleeves are almost finished though.
WAIT IT'S TRUE?! ASDFGHJKLJSDUSBSVAHAVSBSBSODJSBHSGEVABANVSGSHSJGSGAHSBJFILNDNDNDJDNNIFLYMDJSJ
If life is to be sustained hope must stay, even where confidence is wounded, trust impaired.
Better stop. Imma start thinking im really special... ;-)
Oh and I have Rob gronkowski on my bench, atleast Jimmy Graham got me 14
By the way, we LOVE ! It's amazing. Almost twice the protein of regular yogurt! Do urself a favor and pick some up!
thats so true. COS I LOVE YOU<3333 CANT WAIT FOR SATURDAY(:
Woofs 2 Amazing Friends, You are so Woofy Wonderful. Good Day :)
Condescension is a quality. Nothing else need to be said,
yo, you think you can help me get more followers?
Remember it takes time to build up your blog audience and your social media followers - as well as earning their trust
Someone make sure to tell #Hodgson that Christian Poulsen isn't available for selection for the English national team.
"Once the lie has been recorded, it's hard — but not impossible — to fix by speaking up." *ahem... RESUMES are dead
this is true. Oops. Too many shots of kool aid
yep got it, #Benz bet today good luck on your wagering I know mine will do well :-)
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
i TOTALLY WANT IT!!!!!!1
Ordering some pizza, and watching movies on le laptop. It's a slow night.
You was probably thinking. oh yeah... thats whats going down(;
Hey Lisa :-) I am great thanks for asking!!! How are u??
Bout to play some cod.
Rod stewart sitting across from us at david burke kitchen, so good.
Tell ppl, if they have Flat Stanley, check w/the cashiers.They keep track where he's from.Flat Stanley had fun @ Bronners!!!
RT : Congrats to the book-loving Oscar winner for animated short! Watch THE FANTASTIC FLYING BOOKS OF MR. MORRIS LESSMORE:...
Yeaaahhhhh. The Top 51 Dance songs of the year are on BPM right now.
you comin in??? we agree!
That song from the new microsoft commercial>>>>>>
I know didn't u see what I wrote, it was JohnDoe he came to my house to pick up something and he wrote it on my phone
YOU DON'T LIKE DOGS??!?!
If I have to keep troubleshooting this theatre's com issues, I will start invoicing them.
Off early finna get some sleep finally
So glad you were able to join us live and you "found" us! Totally God! Love when that happens.
aww, thanks. I do love ice cream
Hey u guys r the best in the business ... just wanted u to know that ...
thanks love<3
yes it does ;)
Morton Downey Jr. documentary called "Évocateur" coming in 2012.
What's funny about this fitness ball video is that he still has his timbs on..
Rise Against has a song called Architects and Architects is going to have a song called Rise Against lol
Couldn't use the "my account was hacked" excuse, it's overdone.
Merry Christmas Tario :)!
You got your hands up, You're rocking in my truck. You got the radio on, You're singing every song. I'm set on cruise control.
what are you doing worrying about the Yankees! Did you see that 3 run home run?! Hell yes
Watching #PLL. Ah!
gosh is the nicest man alive.
Yep!! Right Now! Now Im literally LOLing in the middle of this video :)
just went crazy at sephora- made me think of u!! :)
RT : RT : Just posted some of 's current open positions on 's job board. Great resource.
What pals! RT
Not surprising. The volume went WAY up for that song. All quiet now.
Watching my Hawaii Warriors making it a game vs Fresno St. now 14-17 in the 3rd
skrillex and draw something, waiting for this storm. It's a decent night... just wish i wasnt so....not with corey, lol
smfh go to sleep jazz
sure thing. what do you do?
Q7: Great CRM & telephony systems, key #custserv performance indicators , skilled custserv agents, g8t training, inspired leadership
G's allergies and skin issues : (
Alotta people I used to fuck wit are gone damn
cab driver thinks I'm crazy for giving myself 3 hours to get to the airport & on my flight ha
i hope everything is okay!! <3 i cant wait to see you friday!<3<3 #excited #iloveyouwithallmyheart! pleasee follow me i would die
Last night was a GREAT end to a crappy week! Now on curatorial staff at the NMMC and discovered amazing new volunteer oppty w/ReSET!
" The best moment in life is when you start believing in yourself."Written in 2010 by Ranjit Singh Chadha
sounds delicious. were you cooking by yourself?
Curt needs nap...badly. #TwitterGauntlet #TweetsDoNotHurtOtherTweeters(Yet)
FOLLOW EVERYONE BACK IF YOU FOLLOW ME!!
Killer by Dave Zeltserman based on life of James Whitney Bulger. Great crime novel, check it out (Serpent's Tail)
I forgot the edge dressing!!
...just to be clear, I did not come up with that on my own, but dude did have a compelling argument
Holy! I love how my power went out & then came back on. This thunder is making me jump! I can feel it in the floor!
Google satellite view gets way close than I remember it getting...
Yes, the Oscar's closing number made me cry.
William loudon Physicians will not lead the move into Genomic Medicine - there are no Genome Docs
I actually don't care anymore :L
I love twitter... such ruiners!
To say the lakers came into this one ready would be like saying shaq is an averaged sized man.
Feeling well enough to get back to work tomorrow.
Who played "Bob" on tonight's episode?
busy but now I'm taking it easy
at least it is a cute bitch.
Watching new special with
I hate when girl take pictures and blur there whole face dayum are you that ugly
this guy is such a dipshit. Still talking to him.
I don't work shit out on the fone , do it in person we grown as hell
she's sleeping :p
Expect big things from Legendary Entertainment. Edward Zwick #directing #producing "The Great Wall". Glory meets Last Samurai?! I think so!!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i was like.. wtf do i do here?
It's been a while since you've had a beer if you feel tipsy from the third bottle.
Why does austin even need a coreographer. Lol
Great job on tonight ! So proud my friend!
i got an email to say you favourited my tweet! i'm new to twitter and idk what that means but thank you! hehee x
: Love is like the wind. You can't see it, but you can feel it. Trust that feeling.
running 5 miles
Forceful US leadership gets UK, French, Russian & Chinese backing to send UN's Kofi Annan mission to calm the horrible Syrian mess. - JDG
np! Had to get creative cuz you're a locked acct (can't RT u on my phone). So I c/p instead. ;)
Thanks for the shout out! Hope to see a lot of RYP members at the party
If it wasnt for my teammates, I would have quit playing a Long time ago. I love you guys!:)
So while i was trying to tune my guitar, my string popped. Scared the crap out of me!
I remember telling you about him in la fitness parking lot for the first time hahaha
It was sad to seesuch sordid and bloody slaughter
how old will u be?
RT : Playing one of my favorite songs off Paul's Boutique in 10 minutes
ard have fun be safe ... u know the rest lol ily .
nice!!! Milwaukee needs this service!
Chase is being cancelled? F you NBC, F you hard in the face! I guess I'll just watch you for 1 hour a week instead of 2 then.
passed my drive test! drinks on me!! lmao jk that's illegal.
Are you gonna sing???? That may be worth the trek out there!
they play next week.
that's what they stamped my hand with at the concert... still trying to get that off!
Just saw a chick on a crotch rocket. Could of sworn it was . Hot
Wow, very small world. I work there (obviously) but live in Belltown :)
hair is not a helmet
Is it just me or has the Cavs draft left us with more questions than answers?
And it kinda pissing me off .
Yea..somebody else must be tweetin dat stuff from her page..smfh
Healthbill signed with different pen for each letter of Presidents name. Pen shortage explains why William Jefferson Clinton didn't pass it!
I would like to thank all of the Village Mayors for attending the presentation of the new state-of-the-art Police Department Radio System
Omarion got talent with writing. STOP the hate. I don't agree with his name but fuck it. JUST LIKE COOL BREEZE SAID. WATCH FOR THE HOOK
Noles win 64 to 62 over Georgia Tech! Now back to saving lives with Rescue-101.
can't wait for 4/27 #consignment-So raspy!!!!!
Excited to audition for the lead in an indie feature! And got another audition for a short film... buzzing and moving!
The Carter IV<3
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is to know she matters in ya life.
I'd love to fire Comcast. Someday, I will.
just found your what fucking phish show should i listen to site... THANK YOU!!!
Congrats to Ashley Marlow & Jessica Pride, who won FREE tickts to the VA State Fair in our FB contest! See our FB wall for details!
omg. Let's hope Monica doesn't see your tweet. Lol.
CM Martinez asks MPT to w/draw item. Cole does. moving on to solar advisory committee
just buried my Grandfather today, a WWII vet, salute them for me.
So I'm not feeling #geometry today so I'm not Going
"Happy #TuesdayNightHoopla to my good friend and to all a good night!"
So, confess... How close to "done" are you with your shopping?
Get Haslem out... he is just so bad this season.
Time to start senior portfolio.
I have a solution that needs a problem.
#whosgonnalose - Pittsburgh at Miami - Miami will lose
we WANT romo but we NEED #wewantromo to trend!!!!! get it? yea you do.
Can i get a small " Hi " It would make my life :{) i just wanted 2 say that I love you and you're a huge inspiration to me <'3
Of course,what that really means is we need to give you more stuff and generate some income.
yep. them are really sumpthin.
My paralyzing fear of revolving doors is alive and well. I would like to scale a building rather than go through one of those suckers!
Per capita - Per head
Practice #ala11 #love today: be super super super kind to your patrons.
Good! Let me know how it goes and if you need any help in the Cloud
woot RT Wow! Big NYC hello to Chicagoland journohacker friends. Major inspirations, every one of them.
"Maybe you don't want it as bad as you thought; if you haven't done it as yet!—Delano Johnson
Hold on, people.
“: aren't all Asians supposed to be like, good at school? #NoOffense” lololol Choo is a sucky Asian...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Getting ready to do another #hairstyle #how to video. Tell me what #salon techniques you want to learn and i will send them your way!
Having the BEST time with the fam at #JRjrkickoff - SO excited about this great new kids store in NYC!
Andre should have gone straight to the rim
I ask my self, how did forever & always turn into forever apart
Oh, goodness. Stay safe--thinking of you!!!
Didn't know about the accident! So sorry to hear that terrible tragedy! Glad your son and girlfriend are okay. xo
Shit don't have anymore varnish. How am I supposed to put another coat on plus another painting?
o i just wanna get outta my house
Investment properties in South Florida make an annual profit of 15%
Already got my weekend all nicely planned out ^_^
I know right RT : Can the Spurs Just play already?
I love the sound of vacuuming in the morning. RT : it sounds like the person in the room across the hall is vacuuming.
I look forward to moving in my boys at timescare... in the window shopping phase right now. 4bedroom nyc
Sounds like a plan, Deborah.
Why the hell do I have dreams like that ?
“You know what I hate? Being ignored, put down, judged, feeling insecure, being hurt and losing friends.” true shit
home business idea
what the hell happened to Sosh? He used to such a great manager.
Mr. Right is out there. He loves long walks on the beach, curling up with a good book, and hates the word "muskrat".
Question: What is the 1 social network that is essential to your online marketing survival?
#SoundCloud has some terrific tools, and a really inspired community. We're looking forward to some terrific recordings.
Enjoy the weekend with Bottomless Mimosas until 3pm, wine tasting all day, and next week we roll out more new food items. Enjoy.
Oh wow. Interesting stuff. How do you feel sari.g this way?
why not now?
A hard thing about business is minding your own.
what time?
Big productive day at work, but my biggest achievement today was modeling enjoyment of the Beastie Boys to my toddler.
Upset Alert: #UMass leads 75-71 with two fts coming, 14 seconds to play over #21 #Temple. Huge win for Minutemen
shit i just been chillin on it, tryna make this money one C-note at a time. yu?
Exactly right MT : … every single exchange you have is an exercise in telling your story, you start seeing your #PracticalGenius”
Uhh, okay, suddenly I'm super stressing over tmw.
hi i am student
We're open tomorrow Easter Sunday! Shorty's will do the cooking so you can enjoy the holiday weekend.
I hate the dentist
break writing down to process or "formula" & it will make more sense. ELA teachers formulaic writing,but it's a start
Thanks I am in NY and will stop by at 6:30 for theclosing party #photography #Burma exhibition
Hello little helper owls! I have asked my question twice over the past 24 hours. Can I please get an answer?
if its on the way sure what train are we taking
Duplication day: lots of CD / DVD short-runs. Also working on some great animated video Christmas cards for Facebook; will post a link asap.
Gamophobia is the fear of marriage, relationships or commitment."
#WiseWordsToLiveBy The Golden Rule... Treat others how you want to be treated.. Corny but the truth!
So do red heads w/ bewbs
Thanks for hanging out at The Weeknd last night. We'll have to do it again sometime.
do yall make jerseys
I'm going to take you out next weekend.
dayuuum #may the force be w/u
You have to go through the whole grieving process, Sean.
Drinking game: Take a shot every time Aaron Craft is mentioned on the CBS broadcast.
Back at Sunset Towers tonight, duo, 7-11. Tower Bar.
Good luck with the first pitch tonight. Almost time. I will be watching!
My #writingsprint was cut to 45min by my son, but I got in 3 good pgs. How'd you do?
a few minutes ago i was like, in my head, i want pizza. THEN I GOT IT WHAT IN THE WORLD
People can be divided into three groups: Those who make things happen, those who watch things happen, and those who wonder what happened
One time I swear I saw an alien. Oh shit you just had a fkd up face?? Sorry. Lmfao
coach high school football... Better in Florida or Texas?
SO EXCITED~ I was invited back to Chicago this weekend to sing the National Anthem at the first home game of the CHICAGO BULLS PLAYOFFS!!!
apologies! Hope there's a next time you visit our city.
There's nothing wrong with being that person who stands out. Everyone is not meant to "fit in" ...
Pooo i wanted to win
text me
I just call them the Badd Boys.
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
do you have the brie & fig special today?
: Never base your Happiness on your circumstance. Know that your happiness is based on your belief in who U are.
Tiny one. Lasted for less than a second - just a slight off-balance sensation.
lol! XD its just a cute face I guess, haha sorry to confuse you! Well at least you learned a new smiley! :3
Interesting. MT : Pinterest started based on the notion of collecting - no place on the web to centrally collect items
Selena Gomez conjured five wins at the Teen Choice Awards - one more than boyfriend Justin Bieber.
Happy Tuesday!
I think I was meant to live on the beach. How does one go from growing up on the beach to living in a cold city?
- Wish I heard about this sooner! Any room on the waitlist for a history/space/natural science educator from a USS musuem?
or you could be both.
Not ranting. Sharing. But definitely high-octane!
I can't wait to finish backing up all this data... I'm way too excited about this SSD
Man it's March & we got #summer weather!
He is a Star! No doubt about it.
yup, that's frustration at its finest. Be done with the day.
#SAGawards Outstanding Male Actor in a Leading Role: Boom! Jean Djardin! Take that George Clooney! ha!
i HAVE to change! I'm just soo mad at myself right now :((
Attn guys I never wanna talk to: there's a Big Buck Hunter World Championship coming this fall.
There is a guy dougie-ing in his car next to mine on the Grand Central Parkway.
Awesome! I FEEL LIKE IM THERE
We have a new blog on our wall to update you on a new service we offer. Check it out and start improving your band's marketing through Adva!
PickUpLine: Hello. I have sex on the first date. Do you?
"you gotta spit cup in that escalade greg knead?"
relaxYou're in a safe placeWhere we dont allow drama or bad jujuSo sip your wine get off twitter and enjoy the fuckin movieXO
Don't forget what? :o
I love living in a place where I can't keep track of half the events and activities I'd like to take part in.
funny you mention it, i had a field day today on juli's site. so many nomnoms
Matt Barnes this is basketball not foot ball sir. LOL
Hey! I havent talked to ya in forever!
have a safe flight
Fox news regrets “any distress the false Tweets may have created.”
I'm not forgiving you this time. Ever. You've gotten away with this one too many times and you should of been locked up longer then 3 days
I didn't google it.. Common knowledge when ur obsessed with the men and food
Today I'm #grateful for my bookclub girls, for sticking to it, for reading some good books and sharing some quality time. Thnx SM and CR!
I got ass cheeks on my white tee, all these ho's is grindin on me.
OHMYGOSH! I love when that happens! (: you made my day! <3 thank you SO much girl!! That means a lot to me!
This seriously is like a new record. I've been up since 2:45am and somehow I'm in school. Kill me now.
3 more days til the weekend
great chatting with you as well - if you ever want to talk more on admins/moderators - just get in touch
Who df calls their boyfriend "Bubba" ???
Um, sista from anotha mista. I'm heartbroken and in trouble. Help me before my soul dies.
ON MY WAY TO Jacksonville !!!!! ergh
Lars instead? If York can't bat here they need to DL him..
I know
Danny we must hang. Gods can only be far apart for so long before humans begin to die!
Some people live painfully simple lives
How can they justify negating our RIGHTS like this? It is the SAME as a pimp taking away our personal sovereignty! We refuse the SHAMING!
Hope everyone is having a great holiday weekend!
Called infant too
Who? Haha RT : I kinda wanna go tell this dude from Far From Abandoned that I know who he is,but only because he dated my friend
Playing tomorrow night w/ Dan Friel, Jonas Reinhardt, and Musuki Aruvavo Lee. Come to it.
In a mood for Bourbon? Free Basil Hayden's & Knob Creek tasting tonight 5-7pm at France 44 Wines & Spirits
I thought I ate reasonably healthy, but this is a wake-up call. Great ideas.
Sorry to my haters sorry that you couldn't phase me
We are #teamfashion and will be keeping everyone updated on our latest products and styles here and on our blog.
jealous... Enjoy MIA!
(I keep feeling like he should be at #c21nonhuman.)
Been free boobin' and free ballin' all day.
I'm saying bro Yo u should check out my song lake city I made a remix to rack city on sum laker Shit YouTube Barak lake city
dude. He's anchoring!
family nws: People love to personalize- and anthropomorphize- their network connections + devices with visual tools.
Technology Leaders Council begins at 1pm today - yes we know the UC game is on (we're watching!).
might need a little 5 hour energy or I hear the MIO energy is a better tasting alternative :) Don't tweet and drive, Be safe!
Thank you for the support!!!
We keep producing talent for big league clubs to sign, or trade for. Glass is in the market to make $, not win IMO
the #smashbrothers shoot their 1st video for their single "Swag on a Billion tomorrow! Any #models interested holla at us!
I freaking love Steve-O xD
Love working with amazing clients like the ! Are you following them? They are doing amazing things! Get involved!
Wow, you guys are really nice to your interns. Don't recall getting help like that from my internships 8 years ago.
im great.youu?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when your bus driver talks to himself and makes weird noises....
Right along with "real talk", "really" and "like"... Like, so many ppl are gonna like hate me cause like IDGAF...
Nope - no one has ever noticed. Good eye!
Would you bed down on wool?
Two Virginia colleges made the list, I was glad to see.
#Bromance ": happy Bday twin"
//I use that app frequently!
Sounds like a solid idea!
Some day we will be doing intellectual, cultural and literary history at the level of the sentence. That is the big idea.
Justice for Trayvon. An arrest now followed by complete investigation.
If you can't accept me at my worst... you don't desrve me at my best ~ unknown
I miss the my world tour
On the WESTest I'm gonna put F-A-G for all the answers.
Of course. and I will always love you. You Tweet cool.
What type of setup do you have for that pair workstation? Thinking about setting one up and curious what you've got. thx
Has the promotion of www.Boise.429.com started?
thank you.
thanks :] you're awesome!
Isn't it a big world? Don't you worry about the little things, don't let the daylight rob your wings.
Work in the medical field? Learn the basics on exposure prevention and incident response of blood born pathogens
I've had pictures that drive a lot of traffic, but is that the kind of traffic you want? For me, the answer is no.
First 'starstruck' moment as an NYC resident. Dominique Strauss-Kahn's nephew was the previous tenant in my room. Should I DNA test the bed?
What's the #1 place you discover new music these days?
Is Mike Mulligan steampunk?
Banged out lots of fliers, but 2 Hennies too many
Just bought it.
congrats my friend
I have a whole bottle of apple Schmirnoff 0_0
you wanna switch? I have a blackberry. '_' haha ! :-p how about the iPhone5? :D
Would you like to support a career development & networking group: #PWG: Provides employment retention programs!
Aahh, some people are just so weird and creepy.
I'm not dumb nor stupid. You can't even TRY to play with my intelligence. I know too much!
Will that phrase be replacing "Fucking Logic." or will we now see both in quantity? :)
I didn't even think to ask! Yes, I will be at SCMS. Looking forward to it. Whoa, that Theberge piece looks interesting...
I wonder if belive volume 2 wuld come out with volume 1 or follow behind it & I had a feeling thy wuld find away 2 fit all those songs on2..
Well its official; my phone charger is broke!! Smh.
F000d > a boyfriend
WE DEFINITELY DEFINITELY ARE, IM JUST SUFFERING THROUGH THE WHITEST MUSIC EVER
looking for java + ror developer based in austin and ror lead in southern florida!
Just munched a 'Cupcake' road goodie worth 2 points!
The studio art grad students are busy installing their work! Opening April 27th at 6 pm!!!
When I hear tapping outside my window. I don't think it's my prince to come kiss me. I think its a serial killer about to kill me.
"Nurture your mind with great thoughts."
Getting surgery tomorrow. I'm so nervous :(
No snow for Christmas :(
yeah, alright.... (VanGundy) voice... I'll tune in later to hear give proper kudos (respect).
The gym can really wear u out....damn I'm tired
-sigh- Shultz. You were standing right there
skype is trying to force me to upgrade by repeatedly bringing up a popup. Irritating as hell!
no!! She mite get all mean
At WOF with Lindsey!!! :) I'm loving the haunt!
It's like space shuttle software, only retro.
the whole ep was weiner version of we found love.
I just woke up at 5am to what seemed like 15 minutes of a horrible acid trip. So much for sleeping. Damn brain, you scary.
Shake dat ass! U don't kno how that make a nigga feel
Chillin at Spiral Helix's place.
Fantasy Baseball Waiver Wire Pickups – Week 3 Batters
-that's pretty cool of you.
Playing cover of payphone to everyone I know!
Twitter Friends!! ---> Please follow & download the app for FREE TEXTING!! You will #LOVE :)
Watching spongebob and thinking how you're never to old for Spongebob. is a perfect example. :]
I'm going to name your first born child Sodacan (; ehhehehheheh I watched the outsiders but the name is better than soda pop
Heard a theory today that weezy mouth kissing baby was strategically planned to get the gay audience ready for nicki, aubrey and leggings
what do you predict he does next year? Best case?
I'm paraphrasing, but I'm pretty sure it was "feel free to throw stones at Ron Artest. That dude's fucking crazy."
we will comeback and win
Finished my physical science project.
phone is charging so get off my back
it's not an "era" until you win a ring CRAIG! - Karl Malone
been out of the loop a few days. just curious, what was Doug's take on the Feelin So Fly Like a Cheesehead song?
Lmao not that game again too much confusion. But def.ly we gone get it in
yes. I do. I found him on facebook and he turned down my friend request. I was not happy lol!
great idea & would love 2 participate. can't seem to get in with old account or create new one. any1 that can help me with this? thx
Do you ever wonder what it feels like to be pregnant?
#DetroitPartyMarchingBand showed up at my friend's apartment for his birthday party last night. So much noise & crowded groovin'
You have a lot of room to talk, lard ass, and a lot less talent...
Bruins win!!!! Leave it to Seguin! Ow ow! :D
happy birthday!
Getting a lot of spam with Twitter. How do I prevent that?
is too bomb A'F< 3
Enjoy the spring day ... shortest season on earth.
just wait till we get taco bueno in Houston
RT : #MM Thank you for your service... >>>>Thanks so much! John
Very true. I'm surprisingly excited about this pick. I very much respect RAC's opinion.
No ambition RT : Look around , we just some young dudes trying to upgrade our clothes and automobiles
I no longer except; liars, controllers nor ego driven people in my life. If you bring love, enlighten conversation and empathy_ welcome!
"What is a weekend?" Great lines of dialogue encompass plot, theme and character. Short too.
Everybody's gotta learn sometime.
I actually don't think they did anything wrong. Probably a longer conversation than 140 characters ... :)
720 n Dick's!
Looking forward to a night at home with (love of my life)
unconditional love is the best thing in the world :)
Why must we add a greeting line in #email messages? It seems that a lot of time can be saved if we just got to the point!
has been a huge success! Thanks 2 Hotel #Albuquerque, , myself & the people who come out 2 have fun!
I'm impressed with the amount of hurt being broadcast out there. Speak up Healed people!
Holy shit! #WalkingDead How am I gonna cope til freaking FALL?!? ugh.
Business meeting today with a Limo service, looking to add a fleet to our company for events, and sponsored athlete transportation.
Playin hide n seek at balboa park! Julian's back! Like the ol' days!
I rec'd my Bedroom Kiss & Happiness & Joy - life will be more pleasurable - and I won't need a boy ;)
We made love by the ocean as the waves crashed around you.
I think way too deep sometimes
To become a member of the world's largest veterans service organization, send us a message. The American Legion~Still Serving America.
MAN!!! Dave Weckl is a MONSTER!!! #Random but true!
#RochMNAngela Budensiek from Shorewood Senior Campus on air now!
: I'd like to say it's not personal, I just don't feel like being on a r wing watch list, but if we met, I'm sure it would be so
If love won't fly on it's own free will,it's gonna catch that outbound plane
What? You have another account in case you don't remember....
yes... how do u know? ugh kill me now.
I'd like a speed reading grace
oh yeah dude, saw you sittin right back there. Ball hit the bat, people cheered...not you though! lol
Send me over the winner names in a personal message!
Seton Hall University IT Services reports multiple servers down. SHU IT is investigating. Pls RT to SHU Community.
Tried to sign up and your site gave me an error?
you get my message bruh?
now theres only love in the dark .
they were knowledgeable, friendly and went the extra mile. The guy even customized my moms phone. Good job
'Local press needs level playing field on subsidies' - Press Gazette
Thanks for announcing that for us.
but then we are all brought together by hbo first look!
Sometimes I wonder why u converse with this this big bitch.. she is the worse!!
Thanks to everyone who came to hear us at in Allentown this past weekend! We'll play that promised encore next time ;0
When I read The Lover I remember being angry. People gave me Kerouac like a sacred key. Look! Male alienation! He was a peddler to Duras.
Make more margsRT : My mason jar is filled with margarita I'm with my bests and the tv is on the thunder game
"The Mad Elf Ale" from #Troegs Brewery is now in my top five beers.
Such a natural beauty..like this one!!
Fitter is the facebook and twitter app for dieters.
Tomorrow night Dr. Marbut kicks, hey, hey hey, no he's talking about homeless in #Clearwater. Details coming on the board after dinner.
Where do I start:)
it is already number 2!
#TrueStory: On MLK day a guy said your not off work. Dr.King fought so you could be @ the parade.... No he fought so I could w…
Montana (the bar, not the state), 7ish.
Not even that long! I was thinking of drawing again and making a video of it
Let's make it a great day !
I love design but... I can't help you w/ that one. I might have to disagree w/ that statement. lol :)
For everyone that don't know, ill be playing in a celebrity basketball game this Saturday hosted by v103. I'm going in right now to show out
appreciate it my dude.
Are any nannies out there planning on taking the kids #TrickOrTreating? Are you dressing up, too?
Hahahaha junior she just hates her life
My heart plays Death Metal constantly...so no.
Can't afford a web design but want a mobile site? Check out mobify.me.
yes! Let's get that funded too.
I'll the whole damn world know I'm mad at them, unless I'm dating you. Then you will never know.
listening to old song
call me innocent. Or not because I first stared at the model and then jumped to the jumbled up xourself.
(2/2) ...paper's called "Naturalism, authorship, and the picture as world in Simone Martini’s Icon of Louis of Toulouse."
Hey - I'm DJing at the Seward Alehouse tonight and was going to try and say hi. Are you around?
Dude came n got MY key around midnight cuz he was locked out da house, but aint tryna open da door for me when i got home?
straight off the "matty glockerz" playlist on my iPod.
"Where the spirit does not work with the hand there is no art." Leonardo Da Vinci
We got a Wii yesterday for free from a friend! And today we are buying remotes....movin on up in the world! ;)
"A statue of someone who was probably really important once, but now he's just dead."
"In Liquid Days / Land Travel(s) Hard / Fly Home Daughter / Cover Your Ears"
Princess Peach has left the Bay and returns to the Castle...
what if somebody lives in a van, inside a garage...and they sell the whole van....that certainly is an estate sale,
THANKS FOR THE WEB ADDY
Girl if i took you Home i Wonder..
wow, congrats!
Hand soap twinsies with !!!
damn son! Better re add that bbm list!
you should invite Stephanie Gerding, trainer extraordinaire! (This is SarahW, tweeting about #PLA12. I have clapping skills!)
NF DIZ YOUNG NICCA NEW SINGLE YES YOU ARE IZ A CLASSIC N DON-G SAID DAT!!! #RealR&B
"People here say 'flippin' a lot." - DB on the Midwest
Your Account has been Hacked, Rivkah. They waited until Shabbat. Change your password!
Hon. Gina Abercrombie-Winsty Stanley, is the Malta's newest U.S. Ambassador,
I think I might have Histrionic Personality Disorder. Yay.
You are welcome. You always have good info.
curious, did they say why they cared if you publish?
DreamFace Interactive planning early April release of DreamFace Cloud App Dev Platform #cloud #cloudcomputing #bigdata 4 widget-based apps
Make the conscious choice to create it or not
Go and purchase the book!!!!!!! Amazon.com BarnesandNoble.com LuLu.com GET YOURS TODAY!!!!!!!!
i hate it wen poeple adds u on facebook and then ask you out like come on poeple that is no OK!!!! (>_<)
Best wishes!RT Thanks for putting up with a replay today folks. s dad is in ICU after collapsing this morning.
today in gym a girl was like "5 fingers to da face" and I literally screamed and I was so excited that she knew that song!! :)
Eden Fridays Happy Hour 5-11p, Open Bar 5-7p, Free buffet 6-8p, DJ Creme, Rooftop action, Grown & Sexy and Ques will take over. Be there!
Thanks blizzard for delaying game play just long enough that I can finish this project. Awfully sweet you care that much.
omg <3 it sounds amazing,
I have a wonderful little yellow digital one, $10 from costco business center the brand is taylor
I can't believe what I just saw at the BHM airport - segway trikes. Doesn't that kinda defeat the whole novelty? Ill try to get a pic
Aint no mistaking playing or faking u got me open and waiting!
wear protection<3
#FF our national appointees: , , ,
": When I meet soulmates, it never takes "time" for me to recognize them. I'm thankful for vision."
out was chilly when I got in the car.
No one can build his security upon the nobleness of another person. – Willa Cather
Greatest remark ever! Ahahahah':D
S.P.C.A. is used in animal welfare circles as an acronym for Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
if you are a lilwayne fan tweet and say lilwayne
I'm on a mission with FLP and need you on my team! msg me for info!
The first Sunday of the year after the end of the 2011 NFL season! :( SUCKS!!! Cannot wait till 2012 kicks off!!!
Another movie my husband worked on, called Eden, won Audience Favorite Our good friend, Megan, the director, won Best Female Director
something is off in your iffft settings!
I think you're great! Follow me?
The Internet is being so slow right now and I'm actually trying to use it for work and not Facebook
Almost got hit by a casket delivery truck today.
“: Sitting in the #MCDM row at #smcsea-- wooooot! #represent” yes we are!
thanks for being a part of YOTT
Stooges are doing some nice non-traditional
water boy
Two years ago at this time I thought the worst thing that could happen to Sid Crosby's head was him hitting the Stanley Cup off it
RT : October 30th 2009...mark your calendars... performing live at The Hidden House...mor ...
I did actually but it was like over a month ago.
I realize now that when your heart breaks, you got to fight like hell to make sure you're still alive. And that pain you feel? That's life.
July 4th safety tips on theentertainmentbucket.com. enjoy :)
stay safe, warm & enjoy!
Everything just kind of blends together now.
Craving a shake ! Since I saw 's photo on
it was no fun without you. It was terrible! Awful! Raincheck?
Big Shout outs to thanks for the love wrking on new work and improving every show. Thankful I have u!
I'm pretty.
Thx for the follow, thumbs up on ur tweets, we are preparing an awesome cloud app pltform, tweet me if u want to know+
how much money do you spend on making videos? I'll gladly donate to help keep them coming.
is yours working?
Hey Liz, nope! You're in good company!
my dick>> lakers
Check out our latest tweet to see how we used their donation...coming in handy!
oh ok
#delusionaltweets RT : Like me!!! RT Warm as the sun dipped in black...
I am listening to it. 8-3 :D
50% off hair services with me at until the end of March!!! Happy St. Pattys Day!!! (excludes keratin services)
What if my play is boring?
are you full for your event?
I feel like this is the second time you've referenced John Mayer today.
Our patio is open! Are you here?
Building partnerships shouldn't feel like door-to-door solicitation, i.e., "Can I put you down for 2 boxes of chocolate thin mints & 1 MoU?"
good luck on your panel. Wave me down. I'll save you some strawberries
Me, I never said I didn't, if I didn't care I would have never said anything durr. And how is it stalking if it's on my TL?
With 40 bucks I can buy a share of Facebook and a cheeseburger. Nice.
Great service from Richard Food was delish! Had the watermelon gazpacho, spinach pizza & chocolate mousse. M.
Eating some COOKIE CRISP cereal 4 breakfast, ugh I don't wanna go 2 work 2day....
Gm sexy
showering with a child? WTF?
now do me please
#BlogHer11 early this week my social media/networking prof said no one reads blogs anymore. Is blogging passé ?
of all the novel ideas buzzing around in my head I'm currently most dedicated to an epic fantasy.
you dreamt to me today! It was amazing! All the time, I regret that I woke up .. I hope to meet you, but this time in real life;)
. He missed the point. WAR is allegorical. It's about a Star Trek fan (Reese) choosing btw TOS (Kirk/Pine) and TNG (Picard/Hardy).
Lawd have mercy!!! All these groupon customers are gonna make me ring they neck!! Lmao
I think it might be fun to dress up like prom tonight. ;)
FUCK LIFE my old crush is going out with hoar. W.e do3 i got tons more. lol jk who am I talking about
Back on the grind.
Everybody's pissing me off <U+E40E>
Crashed opening night of DON'T DRESS FOR DINNER. Saw Rachel York again. Thrills and chills, y'all.
Lester- quick move off the back of the mound will pick Abreu right now.
NOW IM ON MY KNEEESS PRAYINNNN
They are all not impressed by mere conversations. Action speaks louder than words.
when people tell me I look really tan
In school lol...
I'm excited to have a mass brainstorm session in which we throw all kinds of word pairings on the screen
Just happily remembered is new tonight! Score!
Here! she said breathlessly after climbing a flight of stairs--pathetic!
Happy New Year!!!!
But u know mi affi out and about
Shit, I definitely can't come in the am. I'm gonna come after work.
....So late but TY
Cant wait for this job to call me back!!! #$11.75/Hour
did you audition for the new #Orioles PA guy???
Word is out only to the exclusive nigs though.
#Siri, you are not Omnipotent.
follow it's just one button to press!
hey there are usa boys. #lameexcuse ;)
Like this RT "Dad stands for Demanding Awesomeness Daily" - Gerald McCoy
great website www.triggerimage.co.uk thank you for your kind words.
it's probably me misinterpreting you since it's 1 AM, my apologies. But right, that's what I meant.
ya this bites I'm tired of clowning stupid English pricks, Fuck red coats and keep smokin banner out in the sticks fag boy.
RT : Yum! Everyone go snag a cupcake while you can! RT : We are parked at the heritage building until 2:30
To change, that is the most difficult thing to accomplish. - Isabelle Adjani
Oh, the irony.
Thank you for following us!!!!!
I heard about that. I hope they tour! Would positively be over the Moon to see them live. (Have you heard of Austra?)
Happy Halloween! Goblins are invited to get some candy at the Library
ahahaha we were just talking about this ...
I'll ask around. Thanks for getting the ball rolling.
I wish I was Mexican :(
Sept. 24 with MMA BIG SHOW great fights and Rock N Roll. Cant miss this one. More details coming WOW.
Earthquake to hurricane. Quite the week.
#HappyMayDay is already trending!
Time to go home. The Honor Flight was an incredible experience for us! (@ Washington Dulles International Airport (IAD) <U+2708> w/ 15 others)
Wow! The weather is great but wtf is up with all the mosquitos!!?
Just when you think you know people, they disappoint you in ways you never thought they could..<\3
": Don't congratulate me yet. I'm no where near where I'm gon be."
My damn stomach talking though so bye. <U+270C>
who? Polythene Pam! She's the kind of a girl that makes the news of the world.. "John Lennon" Abbey Road.
Cute guys make you crazy, hot guys make you drool, cool guys make you daydream, but funny guys make you fall in love w/o ever knowing it.
To pray or not to pray: Why attack the Church? - The Leewards Times
Make me do what ever i aint givin ah shit, when this bullshits ova ima be dippin like ah chicken strip
that's the name of the game
Is not the "Guess Who?!" type of person. The game irritates me.
My life would've been better if you didn't step into it
cause he's not in a or garment like all the really fast folks! Better skinsuit = no apparent breasts
Sorry ass lakers
A: April 10 - details tba soon : Hi. Q: Do you know when DVD is going to be release? Thanks.
Thanks for sending that resource. It's been nice working with you!
As a matter of fact, this idea is so awesome, that I'm LOST IN EMOTION.
awesome rocky
Trying to convince the satellite campus to update their software in computer labs. Had to teach on IE 6 last night--yes, 6. ugh.
Thanks. I would love to hear more about your work. It sounds like there is lots of overlap between us. :-)
Terrible day deserves taco bell
Giants will win SB XLVI. I mean, Umenyura backs up jason pierre-paul. Pass rush will negate Tom Brady again. Eli better QB than last time
Success at the gym: check! Sunshine: check! It's been a good day, all day :)
Morgan just belched...she just declared our friendship even more!!
#thatmomentwhen you are so bored, you decide to homework.
you don't have a knife...
#OpeningDay! Go #Brewers!
Drinking peebers, watching
I hate creeps. Love hot Josh. He has the common courtesy to GO AWAY
Bradley, Holliday, Allen. All big shots last 3 trips down the floor. This is playoff basketball.
Ball game! 3-0 vs. LA. Double play FTW !
check out the newest story. jenni's noodle house. great place.
gotta love FL and their raccoons
mark pope
Getting in my last workout of 2011
Scan first if there's a readily accessible bar code. Otherwise through the browser.
got a copy lying around?
how little kids bring out the
Dear I love the White Chocolate Mocha. That is all. (*YUM!*)
Lakers need a point guard. Bad. Really bad.
MIkey! ThxFtF! Check out our show at Plush-March 22-with #SheilaShahpari,#SuzieCue and #LangenNeubacher! Rockin' good news!
congrats , i heard you graduated high school<3 we're all proud of you!
How cute c: she's luckyy :D RT : I used to kiss my gf In the forehead and take her out to eat In the mornings <3
i was disappointed by his article- his previous stuff had been decent... If SHE'S crazy, i wonder what that makes ME
I just listened the promo for 's next story on and it's awesome. Watch for it Monday.
A child seldom needs a good talking to as a good listening to. ~Robert Brault
pretty much in love with the girl security guard in miller right now.... sweetest lady ever!
Hey, it's 5 o'clock somewhere! Wait, it IS 5 o'clock, let's have a margarita!!!!
Game 7 tonight at 7:30pm! Who is going? Black & Gold! #RoadtoRepeat!
How I know I've landed in SFO on #Thanksgiving: couple having heated debate in Mandarin about baking time and temperature for turkey.
What of we gave each other a chance:)?
A7. : mother bee, researcher extraordinaire, social media queen!
Nice self control, BUT, the other 1/2 is there. Lurking. A persistent thought in your head...
I wanna go 2 the parade
that is amazing!!!
D-bags r so funny... especially knowing karma is a biotchhh!(:
A woman in my office says this to me a few times a week "What's up with your hair?" I hate her.
Send NC with them too.
Thank you too!
All candidates should sign an anti-cliche pledge. I'll draft it. We have to listen to this stuff for another 9 months.
thanks for the
It is difficult realizing your age!! One day you are 16, then 18, then 21 the one day you wake up and your kids are that age!!
Spring Break! Hope everyone has safe travels and a fun week off!
Ergonomic pillows are highly recommended by doctors to avoid neck pain and discomfort. :-)
I'm in love with tap delay
Oh yea! What are you jamming to?
Thank you! So glad you enjoyed!
Thanks for the mention Melanie. Great post!
Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter!!!!!!!
NONE OF THIS WAS REAL.
Did someone mention chocolates?
I just think you have the shits
do each others make up
at Nandos thinking of you!
Sure Thing(:
I was a huge fan of the robot. Really showed the power of kickstarter as well. It was cool to see how far everyone had come.
“If you meet the Buddha, kill him.” ~Linji
Good luck to the #photo students of our institutional members with reviews & finals! Excited to see some of your work in the Student Show!
Dental surgery tomorrow... Hopefully some good pain meds too ha ha
what channel is it usually on?
what up Pepco it's Fiddy...we gettin buried over here son!
I miss playing Mario on the N64 so much.
your eyes...omg
Thx for research & book. Hold Fast Hanger is going on kickstarter next month!
That awkward moment when you try to play the piano and it sounds like someone threw it out of the window. Only, you know, worse.
Very irritated about having to embark on obstacle course just to get to busstop. Leave ur golf umbrellas in ur golfbags assholes.
. Elon's still on
Will do brother
I dare you to swallow cum
RT !tweet me something to do with my day off
are you doing it with guys?
ill miss you to :(
well i'm gonna wait until he corrects the d*** thing. he'll probably only give me 50% on it
Happy Friday! Today is going to be another cool 52°F. What are your plans this weekend? #biking? #snowshoeing? Have an #Adventure!
Still time to make it to #HappyHour til 8PM! Come see us: $5 drinks & select $6 appetizers
ohh no!! Feel better :)
: Summer Shankdown tomorrow night..both sides of Woodlands!
lucky you saw that movie! haha my family makes fun of me for wanting to see it! I just think it looks funny!
Might have made a bad choice there, the new MBPs are coming out soon!
"Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius, and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring". <--My fav Marilyn M. Quote!
Heey! Bring me an oatmeal cream pie.
I just finished softball tryouts at my school! Didn't exactly do well tho:( =)
So the #Royals can win at home? They will probably lose tomorrow though b/c I'm going to the game. Should still be a good time though.
I can cut you a lease deal 3 for $75
Haha, it'd definitely be the most entertaining thing to happen on that show since well....ever.
yess lol.. I want.to change my icon but I can't find a good one lol
very true! Wouldn't anyone to have too much work but none is bad as well!
I'd be devastated! :o(
I got ya! next vacation for real! MEXICO! We need to make that shit happen for real!
Update: My kitten caught the fly and if currently eating it.
A perfect Christmas gift - Rascal Flatts w/ Sara Evans tix still available for their Jan 13th performance at Roanoke CC Coliseum
That ain't renal colic. It's a flesh wound.
Imyuh wit all MY HEART
love the kitchen-patio. See you there at the end of the day to chat. I'll be wearing
My horsey won
Happy Easter Avril
I think you will be around for a little longer than 8 weeks. Actually, more than a little longer. We need you!!!
Thought I could avoid the heat by going to work out early. I was wrong. Really, really wrong.
I can't stop coughing :/
#MyPastRelationships were my past relationships. 'Nuff said.
AAVG still has strong bid... after .0019 ask is thin
Know I'm living good all dese dog hoes on me.
it was amazing;) and I'm topping it of by chating a lil on here with u guys so id have to say it was PERFECT<3
Does anyone else have a random watch or stopwatch in their house that goes off at the same time every day?
Discursive footnotes are the bomb and your style guidelines are not going to dissuade me.
and I think we can all agree UZR (thus WAR as well) doesn't really value Gonzalez's defense properly
Gov. Dayton ..."life goes on and Vikings might move on and that's life."
I can send you a free chapter if you want to have a sample. Just need an email address to send to.
that panini made me feel like i've died and gone to heaven. heaven of food poisoning and death as in actual death.
Yes. Survey results: Pghers reported we improved their perceptions of Pgh, inspired them to attend other community events
Oh look it's the little-known Lurker George, she of the rare tweets!! No worries love, already emailed you back &printed it.
One direction is all the rage xD
delta. How about you?
Wat should I wear tomrrow for school I Dnt have nuttin to put on hit mii up if yall have any ideas
If your fat is hanging out of your pants, get a bigger size!!!
you are doing your thing. We are with you.
After seeing Ryan Harrows flat top, my dream is that our whole starting 5 has flat tops next year. That would be legendary
Note to Baltimoreans: the sidewalks of North Ave are not safe from scooters.
Obama signs #Rothman bill renaming Little Ferry post office after fallen Marine Sgt. Matthew Fenton
Former Guns ‘N Roses Bassist’s Wealth Management Firm Will Launch In October via
I want homemade beer. Does it taste like beer?
hell yea its almost a done deal
Your welcome! Let us know if you need anything! Welcome to the H&H family!
Lol not really! It's near the salon where I am so I figured I would check-in for the heck of it.
So. got this opportunity to go to FL for a few days and bust out some mofudgin Tattoos. The question is. Can the jag make it again? O.o Hmm
why live tweeting the action of course. which you're doing. thank you.
Oh lol Quebec is like the only providence I ever heard of lol.
<----------Making life changing decisions...
The can opener was invented 48 years after the can
RT Ask Slashdot: Companies That Force Employees To Join Social Networks?: First time accepted submitter rubeon writ......
thanks for the invite :(
That's a work week friends. See you monday.
Going to the futbol game tonight!! No folks, I'm not talking NFL playoffs! :-).
I need reading suggestions. Just finished The Rivals and Seeds of Wither. Please help.
Someone get me icepack :(
Keep supporting us at www.indiegogo.com/g2gthedoc
": cost of 30 days for hospital discharge summaries - 2 million Medicare nursing home pts rehospitalized - $17 bill year
Best reason ever to pull over on commute home: to tweet & thank them for putting the Kickstarter over our goal! HUZZAH!
NueveMom FRAUD??? Univision Calls BS on Pregnancy
thanks love you too
God is good!
honestly I don't even remember but SOSOSO much
Fla shames Bowden into retirement - finally a reason to like the Gators
I only know one Nikon shooter and he just got a new camera.
I got D-Rose being offered too...
Good morning to all my beautiful followers
that irks me though...& it really shouldn't lmao
Pole dancing #IsASport and will be in the next Olympics. AKA Vertical Fitness
Ugh I have a headache...
Now heat trying 2 Bullie the cause they sticking in ths game & beat they ass before. w/out R MVP. Sorry ass team
seriously? I enter all of my info and then you give me a message saying what's in my cart is sold out? You're worse than Target.
lol I want a mash up of Jimmy & ... To call my own ha
But bro, He's hella sexy thoo. Ugh ! Fine as heeeeeelll
Damn YoooooUUUU English Homework!
Giving thanks to our Creator for engaging cerebral that skirt the flirt of artistic arched back center pieces...
luckily the sneaker net sufficed and I just walked the file down the hall ha
Music Theory. Best class of the day!
-- fine, if your decision model supports that choice. This is no longer the topic I needed to discuss.
yeaa im major skel. still at school b home around 4
Beautiful fall day. New album. Couldn't ask for a better start to my day.
WEDNESDAY night at Whiskey Chicks and that means our HOMAGROWN Showcase. Tonight is songwriter night 8-11. Come join us!
Seau women dressed in traditional garb are doing a silent song with hand gestures.
The Cheapest Places to Retire: Five Towns Where You Can Live Better for Less - AXcess News
They have nothing for Miami in the first round!!
“: negative! So wrong! LOL! More like OKC vs MIAMI/BOSTON” maybe the lakers vs one of the but okc not makin it
Interested about being on the Street Team? Email me:
Please tell The People that the rain will cease if they maintain faith in Our Hero.
The Giants are making this too exciting
Heyeveryone who wants to be in a justin bieber fan video!? if you support him 10000% tweet me and join in :D
We'll be in good company, looking forward to some learning.
sounds like you're just jealous ;)
yay bacon. finally.
I don't understand the sub-genres. I don't think we need to be that damn specific. And no one ever agrees on them anyway.
That was all ball lebron. I seen it
hooray! Got the cute Paul Frank bag in mail
Is getting noticed by impossible?
bahahaha that's awesome
Gotta make the most out of what I have!
you're awesome for watching :)
Rain or shine, the sky's divine
well I think that's without a question - The Smiths, but he is still the Moz - when you see him live, you remember why!
WOOP WOOP :D Sleepover at 's house :D
ME! : Who else wakes up in the morning and checks their Twitter like its the morning paper?”
OFFICIALLY DONE WITH MY FIRST YEAR! WOO! Now, if only the morning could come sooner! Corpus bound!
You ALL look great! Happy Mothers Day ladies! :)
Man, this whole day is NSFW.
Really excited to get some hang out time with and tomorrow.
amen and Chris will never ever get that trending topic I want http get him
Been gone for a while from twitter. Only thought truly I have is that I have to keep on rhyming. Hella Lagging it.
I.S.D. Locksmith Serving Pacific Beach, CA and the San Diego area, we are the source for fast lockouts
me too!
A lot of museum visitors from out of town and abroad today. You don't have to be on vacation to enjoy LDCM, come on down! Open 9-4 M-F
on my chest
so it technically wouldnt be every weekend lol. Yes let's do it.
RT : finally you reply! Lol we hangin out this weekend??! Yea homie
I have never seen so many love bugs in my many years in Florida
Just realized I have the same birthday as
love you too nigga
cuz its night
Anytime you want to paint to us let us know. We really like your work!
At the library about to watch #thewalkingdead this is my new fav show. that and #theclientlist ~
Boycotting 2012 I will not see it who's with me!!!!!
Amanda Debus and Ashley Morley may also be going :)
I used cooledit for almost two years.its fun and super easy to use.now I upgraded to sonar. whole other level! a lot to learn tho
we are at booth 6825 #NRAShow - come by & say hi know where we are!
Let's go Lakers
In last 48 hours 26 different Dem spokespeople echo same NEW song: Obamacare was really the Republicans idea. Ferris Bueller would be proud
what if the woman was at ikea on 4/20 & smoking "grass" (a marijuana cigarette)? shouldnt we stop her before she kills everyone?
M what nfl team do they have in LA? Hbhbhbhn
Over all, your teammates are ABSOLUTELY useless if they are AI. Also, camera angles are atrocious in tight quarters.
how many do you need?
internet faux pas :)
now now....don't JINX it lol
Indeed I am. Last day working at Beatley is Monday 10-4.
hello twitter, we work in a box office and strange things happen... hope you enjoy
The Pacers got the job done leave it alone
's timeline is crazy! Pure comedy. This dude is keeping it 100. Much respect to you and your successful career and activism.
One cuff-up too many on those skinny jeans paired with that hip-knotted tee, and it's rather softballesque. So glad I rethought that.
Congratulations to all of the graduates!
Just sayin, y'all should be used to watching playoff chokers. I'd fit right in in Oakland.
I miss my Sunshine :/
: funny about your last entry. My sentiments exactly, except not quite the same context...Lol!
Amazing weekends should not have to end with homework.
want want want want want want want want want want want want
Working on my tan :)
Your sickening! ;)
Good Morning #STEELERNATION,hope everyone has a
I tried to pay attention, but attention paid me.
Cool! How do you wanna do it? Like ... both do a version? Or go on chat and add on to each other's ideas?
My little stalker finally got the courage to introduce herself to me today. Aww?
Looking forward to the launch of Michael Palmer's latest medical thriller THE LAST SURGEON.
Cj and Nathan WHAT??
I wish 11:11 that all your dreams come true in Miami! <33
“: My guy comin back to the Bay this weekend! Round 2! Ding ding! #TeamWeOutChea#” yea buddy.
You should check out his dissertation. Well worth it.
What building or land?
I lost my travel mug and I'm heart broken
I never thought that would be something I would actually do semi-professionally, but it was my only job from July-Feb.
M Reese's!!
maybe. start with your name.
I've been sick for over a week now, and I just can't shake it.
The Shinning. Jack Nickelson.
.dreams are shining <3
''If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.'' - J. R. R. Tolkien
Car sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly payment is due
How long will these specials being going on at Benziger? I'm thinking about buying a case of the merlot!
............... And the fact that I'm leaving for Nicaragua in 24 hrs is freaking me the fuck out.
Thx Jaye, have a great weekend!
shredding cheese..yummy
You can be my baby mama!
Please welcome to Twitter!
I know there will be a lot of love & mutual respect when the play the Lakers.
I just realized I was hanging out all weekend with your sister! She is great! Come see Chris Garneau @ Soda Bar Wed for ur bday!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 40
AT&amp;T + T-Mobile, Ads in paid games w/ Angry Birds Update ...
Fuck off me
On that note, Self Control is back on for another 23 hours.
Whitney Houston is making this morning less morn-y.
haunt adjectival insistence like fr leavis? Or like Forster on Conrad suggest what's locked in cask of genius might be vapor.
Too much food
your new country cd is "less than" perfection?
You never know what to say.
stamp of approval comes only if there is video of W first discovering aforementioned hovercraft. merry xmas to all
Listening to tech college librarians talk about #infolit instruction barriers. Homelessness, displaced adult workers, etc. Very sad...
i was getting an oil change and massage when i came up with those
John Saunders- "A playoff would ruin college football's regular season unitl my bosses at ESPN back a playoff system."
:) if I do have to...i will just sleep in his sis bed..she us in cali(:
New Jersey in September? 8o
Is that right next to the "Delete Entire Universe"option?
Thanks so much for the Flatter Chatter!
Why the Midwest is great for startups: As a whole, we are more pragmatic than the Valley, there are advantages to this.
Tim Minchin to play Judas in JCSS. Hurrah! I'd watch his excerpts, but ... ew.
R.I.P. MCA. You will be missed.
not every day I hear quotes from the movie "Dragnet" circa 1987..
Jim, I got into JNPR a year ago after watching MM. oops. no prob. But how/when can I get out? -- a big fan
Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority
....Dove Style Magazine Launch Event on February 4, 2012! More details to come!
I do the wrong things for the right reasons.
Great day on set today. It took 1,751 balls to bring one of the scenes I wrote to life.
Another month. Another year. Another smile. Another tear. Another winter and another summer too. But there can never be another you.
Taj is gonna end up putting his nuts on somebody's chin again like he did to D Wade last year. Somebody on Miami needs to be carefull.
Seriously what is so fascinating about Wolfgang Puck on the RC?
agreed. for all the progressive 60s+70s protesting they wear as a badge of honor, they sure did a crazy 180
We're doing our V-Day Omakase Menu all weekend. Can't find the spot you want for Monday, try Friday or Sunday.
Hope you enjoyed your visit! Thanks for spending time with us...
TJ's are goofy, some people are telling me they are discontinued but this is the first time I've ever seen them!
yes let the doubters and non believers Inspire u 2 Greatness
Whoa! A little DIY flooring project?
5 year engagement with and !
come to mamma...
What have you been waiting for!!!!!
so your coming to chicago on friday and i wont be able to see you cause my parnets wont buy tickets and i want to go so bad):
Folding laundry while listening to and
Almost done!
NICE A.F but dont know what to do
Always at work during the games... :(
Just remembered I have a test over Islam first hour tomorrow. Lets hope Allah is on my side. #isthatrudetosay?
Who's Austin Mahone? He's and extremely sexy, cute, sweet, loving, adorable, talented, funny, amazing boy that I'm in love with :)
there really is a need for models like a story stream because users typically only get basic information from news searches
I thought You were a cancer?
I really need to have a good rant. Out loud.
when i do, i'll definitely let you and your PR folks know. hope to catch you when you tour through Chicago :)
I think everyone in my office watches #gameofthrones. I guess I should start, huh?
Ohh lol , you're playing football for Clark?
But Evanescence has 2 glaring problems: 1) No one can fucking spell their name and 2) their album cover has a girl with no nose, terrifying.
still can't believe we actually survived.. We're a gonna be great team!
You guys follow ? She's only #Seattle's best #Karaoke host, as decided by last year.
All sorts of Happy!!! I am off work. Thank u Jehova, you my dawg!!!
Happy birthday to one of the greatest tweeps, ! Have a great day, my friend! :)
Off to Philadelphia. My goal is to touch the liberty bell with a hand covered in cheesesteak grease.
Happy April fools day.
Ms.Williams just called a Mexican kid Juan which definitely isn't name hahaha #racism at PHS
call me
people are always stealing tweets from me. wtf.
That's relevant WV! grizz! They have a player from WV. I know that is irrelevant but that's my pick tonight.
I don't care what you think! I am who I am and you nor anyone else will change me! I am beautiful and unique and amazing in my own way!
My mum is gonna kill me if she finds out Im tweeting :P
RT thank you so much! : Here's to supporting the boys, <3
Thanks!! Have a great weekend!
I love the Cordy Glenn pick for the Bills. Most versatile lineman in the draft.
would you go into best buy and say you wont pay their marked price for a tv, pay them what you want and walk out with it?
Keywords contributor Curtis Marez (author of "Mestiza/o") is now the president-elect of the American Studies Association!
Grandpa Fred"awake"since 2. Then "What time is it? Oh HWY 40.Out of gas? No." Drove truck don't know how many years.Everyone's coming 2day
Big constraint RT Fire in Evonik plant (DE) takes out 25%of world prodn of CDT. Can cause global auto slowdown.
'cause this love is not a game to me. we'll survive and start an uprising.you can ignite, stand and fight.don't have in!so
oh wait...you got some freaky deaky nickname we don't know about. That's right.
in my headphones. String cheese in my hand. Try and one up me. I dare you.
Got that interview wednesday. S/o to them, bout to speak on #BoogieNightz and a few other topics.
Who is getting ready to go Streaking!??
arw thankyou. I wish you luck&hope everything goes well for you&your family
Happy Mothers Day!
not dead yet
So happy to already have my #SATC2 tix! Cannot wait for girls nite out!
I never thought I would be this excited to be economically disadvantaged!! Yay!!
Woke up thinking my weekend has started... But that's not the case.
Got kicked out of the fucking makeup room. Omg I'm so pissed.
: new book in one sentence: it's about subjectivity
Isn't that the truth?! Happy Mother's day tomorrow
i wuld say i kno what u need bt this little birdy said its to early so all i can say is ill tweet u to sleep&mention the sheets
Watching low budget movies with mah girls
LoL, and I use my "Free Speech" to change the channel! :)
What's the best part about being KPs best friend?
Ok let's make something happen, palllllease. Getting tired and my wife is Frisky. Tough choice but I smell a walk off.
I meant, we heart...
Well that's good to hear! Eh, you know how it goes, another day doin what I love to do :)
Happy Birthday !!
You tell me everything, i'll tell you everything.. #ipromise (:
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death. - Leonardo da Vinci
the tigers make me sick
Me. Potential Eagles draft pick Fletcher Cox. You. Your questions. Right here. 4 pm.
Watching one of my favorite movies, Juice
Unlike a lot of people i actually use the computer .
Hanging out in Cairo, Egypt this week
#ff my irish bitch
Thank you for following us and supporting the arts!
Great interview at Tip Top Atomic Shop this afternoon. A fun Bay View business now 10-years strong.
hope you all have a wonderful wednesday :)
you have him on twitter?
Everything's here for us and nothing is ours-- Jeannine Savard reading at
JA's suck. I'm lookin at you
A little bit off the subject, but do you think Bryce Harper has a chance to be called up to the majors in Sept. If not, when?
Blizzard is god
Excited to be speaking at MetroState University tomorrow. I'll share tons of info about the changing jobs economy
Etugwleuuuuuhglkswaglw........ that's what i say when you look at me;D <3
“: I'm so happy and grateful to have such intellectual, artistic, and spiritual stimulation in my life!” A #mudmelt moment? :)
“: UK”All Day
I appreciate the RT! We want to prepare students for success!
he gone. Thank u. Kim is just murdering everyone. If this is how fantasy football is going to be I am not participating.
RT MIXTAPE RELEASE PARTY JUNE 22ND AT THE TOC BAR EVERYONE IS INVITED
- yeah, I think a friend introduced me to that song when it came out. I had no way of accessing any Soft Boys stuff at that time.
Some of these Spotify apps are pretty cool...especially TweetVine and Filtr
you guys were amazing fyi on thanksgiving in MPLS thanks for playing :)
All my niggas come back this weekend.
still got that 4,506 followers. good. (;
no aerial silks in 3rd trimester. I'm just saying.
please answer! How tall are you? And what is your foot size! I'm thinking of making you something
.... and then I got in trouble at school.
#AGREED. Couldnt happen sooner...
tony took 3rd
Jimmy mfn' Garrison. That is all.
thanks for the shoutout! :)
You've earned it!
Do you think my new pet likes water?
I can't believe u r at a bar. I'm at home pacing around silently.
FYI: USUALLY never a good idea 2 RE-bite ur lip in EXACT same spot again. Blood running down my NECK! hant fel mu lippths, fel wooz...*WUMP*
Future Homeowner! We have an accepted offer on home in Western Springs, IL!
Gnarls Barkley IS Cee Lo Green? What is this sorcery?
Forgot to tell you guys about all the great used rock lps and cds we bought this week! All priced and ready for you to take home!
“: ... They rap and play hockey #hitthemupladiesss” UM YES LADIES
Every four years or so, a generation of sophomoric Internet commenters has to learn about reducto ad Hitler.
I need a hug
Never understood why Tim Horton's isn't in NE Ohio, since they are in Western PA and Central/Western Ohio. Dunkin domination?
Brandyn is such a cheese head(:
#Bmorecycles Clean Your Files Day for businesses is a way kewl idea
Definitely will. So sorry I didn't remember this meeting I have tomorrow. No yummy Hawaiian for me. :(
It's great to connect with all our NEW Followers! Please Like us at www.fanmailshop.com and follow us on Twitter.... Happy Tweeting!
and I'm really on here. Which is why I'm just now seeing this.
I love <3
Bring it on life((:
Melissa - so glad you enjoyed my blog (Sophia's Children?). We can also connect thru FB & my newsletter. Goddess threads!
Met Ball tonight!!! Cannot wait to see what everyone wears
a great night! Drove to OKC after butter-filled lunch w/you & , then to DFW w/ right after the show!
Imma be under the mistletoe, with you. shawty with i
Yes, those are awesome!
Wow, what an inspiration this woman is. A true Survivor. Bless her.
#SHOUTOUT to .... thanks for the shout out lol
McClung endorses light rail network for Twin Cities?
When my #soundhound doesn't know the song I know it's some shit. Thx DJ
I just Love them..Hope even you'll like them :)
How long til McShay knocks him for indecision?
Unfortunately, I believe a lot of it has to do with ratings for news networks. Discouraging if you think about.
That was a very apt metaphor!
The Brad Paisley and concert last night was awesome!
Hey! Me too! Jon chose that movie I jumped outta my seat when you know who appears!
your fault
My body keeps going from hot to cold. Now I feel dizzy and nauseous. This article on performance-based financing isn't helping either.
looking forward to going back to studio while still working on some of my unique shoes inspire by my African heritage and US education
Come to our tennis match duh
BE CAREFUL. I love you.
Brown Eyed Girls, definitely.
Tonight is here! 888-64-FUNNY for tickets.,
It's not time to get out of bed until i have to pee
My grandparents are at my house!!!!
Sorry everyone its hard to talk with people in tweetland but hi chris here how are ya and if in az say what's up nighty night
It's OK to look through the window, but don't open it or crawl through it.
Is anything missing from the wordle, what stands out? patience, impatience is missing, passion and empathetic words appear a lot,
- Sending good Nashville vibes your way! Can't wait to hear it!
pricing information will be released soon
witty very witty, regardless Mike Curtis is long over due to be considered as a Hall of Famer, hopefully 2012 is his year.
I suspect #DowtonAbbey is a big prank where my peers mimic my parents. ("At last! A historical British program where nothing ever happens!")
Haha, tell me about it!
Tonight, BET Awards Wknd Resumes with J Cole, DJ Khaled, and DJ Future @ Playhouse!!
“ Have fun, enjoy life and dismiss all negativity. Be The Best even when people think the Worse of U. Let God Be The Judge”
And for some of these degrees for the courses that were taken, are not being utilized in the business areas as they once were before.
Merry Christmas to all of us from Apple Spice Junction! Best wishes in the New Year!
Continued HUGE thanks for food donations helping host to NW Earth & Ocean & Columbia City Bakery. You rock!
So..... did he or didn't he CHEAT? I hear there are pics. hm
“: IF YOU WANNA COME TO MY HOTEL #throwback” Thats not a throwback.
Hibberts hosting a block party, and the whole Magic roster received an invitation.
so, not seeing my dad today. My sister is stuck in houston so she cant drive us. oh well, next weekend is the week :)
Girls in music videos, period. :(
The story tells what happened: the poetry that would happen.
I say yes & AMEN!
ik and he doesnt even check it!
Giants bolster TE group by signing former Cowboy TE Martellus Bennett.
I think my friend secret is coming
Denver city... Nuggets
Half empty — unemployment stubbornly high, property values soft in certain Markets, and private capital yet to return to mortgage markets.
Merry Christmas Eve everyone
I knew he'd be on SNL tonight cause he put #SNL at the end of his tweet last night. I'm so smart ;)
I honestly coulda had a 20 minute conversation with you at the game and not even remember
Lets go Panthers!
Tickets now on sale for the second screening of ILEGALES! Sorry for the delay.
Thanks. Twitter is a handy tool. Thanks for following!
So I hear b*tches tryin to double team my cousin !!! That's sh*t is #dead.. Please don't do it!!!!!
BJGE signs with the
let's get real red neck I can't fucking wait
It really bothers me when rich niggas say theyd be happy regardless of they money.
That's why he's a sleeper in first place. He's so young. RT looks like your sleeper went to sleep on 10
What would be a awesome game in the 2012/2013 season.
I hate being far from you :(
Tibs is such a lucky boy!
agreed! Watched the last fifteen minutes or so and was hoping for a weather update / interruption the whole time.
Carey Price and Ovi in the #NHLAllStar game? Really? I just threw up in my mouth.
hey there Brandon! Thanks for following. Im excited about this contest.
nor should one ever walk into 22, I know I didn't lol
OMGOMGOMGOMGOGMG You're following me!!!!!!I just died!!I love you Ash<3
Everybody makes mistakes.
Well you'll need to follow me to get the low down on who it is (as well as some exclusive apparel) ;-)
that would be nice lol
3,000 people participated in Portland's Zombie Walk last October. That's weird. just sayin...
hey lady! How are you???
the Thigpen in KC that Gailey coached would be fantastic. The one that played briefly last year would not.
King loses battle; discipline bill gets prelim Senate approval.
Any ETA on android application?
Chill night
Bruce Wayne kinda shit..
Made in Jersey star looks like a young Fran Drescher.
It's a beautiful day to watch tennis as the men and women of are hosting the here at Gates TC.
I'm just like everyone else: I put my straight jacket on one buckle at a time.
Aha . i see
Oh yeah, that's right! The "evidence" we smoked made us forget. RT : got some free coffee, harrassed some bums, ate donuts.
Wow...New Hampshire....maybe I was wrong when I called it the Texas of the North...so did that Medical Marijuana bill go though too?
completely deleted Facebook, instagram, and tumblr.... idek how long im going to keep my twitter...too distracting
Greyson, you need to tour in America right after you finish writing. You could record on tour!! :D
Good Morning to u too!! I will tell Daisy and Rowdy u said hello :)
Where the hell has been?!? I can't even find this kid anymore :/
Congratulations to our #ENTOURAGE photo contest winner - our fans voted his picture the Best in
same. It sucks
Last semester I wrote 96 pages worth of research papers. This semester I wrote 42. Young IA majors, turn back while you still can. Geog > IA
Admit it. We've all looked at a hot dog and had perverted thoughts about it, at least once.
As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Abraham Lincoln
I feel like hittin the lab
Dear Dad: When is a good time to retire from being a sperm donor?
Crawling in my skin #weekend where are you?
We have a lot of kids who don't know what works means. They think work is a four-letter word. ~ Hillary Clinton
Rock and roll.
S/O To My New Follwer!!!
Resting up bf my gig at Siba, you comin out?
Off to a rocky start this morning but we've arrived at union station. Get your soup, pollo sofrito, vegan yellow squash, barbacoa, al pastor
In other news, good morning, y'all!
My jane doe<3
Westwood One and Dial Global are merging, according to our RAMP Breaking News e-mail.
oh so you tweet "I Hate My Face" LOL SO DOES EVERYONE ELSE. GOODBYE.
i have a picture with all my nigguhs before the wiz concert in that same spot lol
Diplomatic in my approach,vibin hard w/ politicans
i dont have a condom on me
Can You Follow Me.?(: #StandGRAND.!<3
It seems like you're ready
Wow, alchemist is coming together now
i know, right?
despicable visions... foggy ya glasses...
It's kinda hard to do any work when I can't get properly logged onto the computer. Stupid password change...
make sure you let your friends know to follow!! I will be giving away free CDs, books, tees, and more starting 1000 followers
Thanks for the retweet Angela!
Rehearsal is a beast you have to tame every day.
The wine is chilling the goodies are being prepared & we are set for a wonderful evening! See you soon for Winter KISSes heartspark!
Everyone have a safe and happy turkey day! We are open all weekend for you holiday gifts!
I put the STD in Stud and all I need is you ;)
yeah ok so i aint gonna get a tweet from so... yeah. that was a fail. hahaha
hey miranda please follow me
Ha. Road Warriors.
That pic looks extremely funny.
note to men, plenty of women without rings to hit on.
So happy 2 seeYou 2.Worth loosing sleep for & you make a better show, better vibes!
You might live in Idaho if one of the "daily deals" in your inbox is for shotgun rental and firearms lessons.
Im Maori , Kai means food . Call me food .
YOU REALLY NEED TO FOLLOW ----> Gonna love her tweets!!!<U+2665>
State superintendent lists reasons to toss East St. Louis school board
That kid got to meet !
What will you call it?
you're a joke. Just quit now
Thanks my man! Learning from the best!! ;)
Court the venue.
Sometimes I need to tell myself everything's okay.
Sounds like a fabulous plan to us!
Such a nice #lazysunday. A few good meals, a couple walks around the neighborhood and lots of boob tube :)
Barves just put up graphic about Reds bullpen. Turns out it's the best in the National League.
So someone must be trespassing...
daily #dressage tip: learn to use long linse: builds muscle, lets u see whats going on w yr horse + gives beginner riders correct feel
you give good tweet, Emily
It's a good ol' fashioned hate, a simpler hate.
18 years ago, a canadian baby boy with a big talent was born. :) that just so happens to be you! Happy Birthday!
THURSDAY HAPPY HOUR @ THE SMILING MOOSE = 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEERS, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS! GET HERE NOW
you should be glad you left, because I'm too much for myself to handle let alone you.
#youknowitshot when your air conditioner starts to melt
First Home Movie Day bingo! Winner gets 2 tickets to the screening of "Amateur Night." "Kissing" and "Playing in the snow" were key
Want to send a huge congrats to my former colleague Michele McLaughlin on being appointed President of !
What can't there be a GREAT brunch place called: The Gym.... so I could say; "I've just spent 2 hours at The Gym!" #MarryBacon !
Finally, a general statement about how rights is not the same thing as saying "don't pass this law."
My love life is so empty
I still don't know anything about what is happening.
RE $3.99 sale on The Power of Less: Awesome! I'm going to buy more than one so I can share.
Not online but on t.v. w/ Time Warner Cable, it's on Entertainment on Demand, Channel 107.
you're such an inspirational baddie.
You too! Nice to see you on here!
Basking in the rain
Watch Kobe, they would learn how to play like a champion. “: sorry bro but the Bears took a L at the crib! Lol”
Digital tools enable new interpretations by allowing us to read in ways formerly inhibited within a primarily print culture
A sentiment which is self refuting, since it attempts to be a type of wisdom and yet claim that something (music) is better
im great, but i feel amazing now <3
Morning All
Research and Markets: Monthly Review of The Russian Car Market - January 2012
DM me your email.
wow, weird. But I like the part about the gum :)
I just discovered , and there goes my next hour.
Surrounded by little kids at the playground...super AWKKKKKKKK.
Have worn lens for 10 years. Went to the eye doctor yesterday. Said I have 20/15 right eye 20/20 left. No need to correct.
The bats were rocking tonight!
Started work at 12:30 and I'm already dangerously near my WTF limit for the day
Took a lucky play to beat Hank
wish I remembered what I said....
OH in office: Him- Man, the Houston Texans have a pic on FB with 591K likes!! Her- I give up.
The #RedSox & #Yankees have won 12 games in which they scored 14+ runs - more than all of the other AL teams combined.
Left, right, step up to the spotlight.
you get my msg bro?
This is the best #nbaplayoffs I've seen in a long while.
thanks for the shout out!
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined. ~Henry David Thoreau
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
Truth hurts but the lies kill
Extremely motivational...Great read, thanks!
thanks for the
Great to meet you yesterday and look forward to future participation!
So who likes Diggy Diss on J. Cole?
wishing Mouth of the Midwest a great launch...
do you know why is going to Vegas?
... I've gotten 3 colds in the last 2 weeks!
Haha, I know, right?! It would be easier if some people knew how to text back. JILLIAN! (:
Women are sensitive, they over think every little thing & they care way more than they should, but thats what makes their love so strong.
Wat sup cuz call me now
And don't tell me you'll check up on me cuz that's wat "friends" do
Today ends the worlds largest printing equipment show DRUPA. Over 300,000 attendees. mark your calendar for the next DRUPA June 2-15, 2016
yeah man! For sure
u are most welcome! We <3 you!
DOUBLE RAINBOW
When i crave somethin i go get it! Lol
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. - Henry Ward Beecher
im currently reading it too! Flipping back to that front family tree is gettin old real quick
On average, half of all Americans live within 50 miles of their birthplace.
you know im not kidding.
In White Momba we trust.
OH in Wisconsin: "I've never said "That's too much cheese." or "Don't fry that."
aw! Hope you enjoyed your visit. Catch ya on the next trip to DC (soon I hope!) :)
I'll kick all your asses don't talk to me that way!
On campus: Check out the wonderful Mexican folk-dance troupe performing NOW on the student quad.
ha that's awesome :D
you are killing me with your ski news. I hear dumpage over there. Cortina is supposed to be awesome!
Ha! RT you're not anachronistic, you're vintage.
Movie night!
You're driving me fucking crazy.
learning the DJ board at the station, www.99thejoynt.com
Starlin drilled with a fastball in the left hand.
too cute
Phillies..... biggest collapse since the Indiana State Fair? Probably too soon on that one....
My library bought a button maker, and I got to play with it today! We're making custom buttons for summer reading.
Excuse my language.
Follow my buddy for financial literacy advice!
Note to presenters: if link doesn't work once (or after 2nd, 3rd, and 4th clicks), clicking link just a FEW more times will NOT make it work
when i texted asking who you were.
Some rockstar engineers do get $500K+. I'd argue teachers (rockstar teacher = 10x average, same as engineers) are higher leverage
yeah...that stinks. Oh well, I can't win them all...
I miss my xbox 360 :[
Who doesn't love free breakfast? Nominate your company by tweeting and use #AdminProfWeek by 4/16. Zipcar members only.
Time off? Isn't that called death?
"Better to be poor and walk in integrity than to be crooked in one's ways even though rich." Proverbs 28:6
I needa start looking for someone to dread this hair though...
it's not really a flavor but I love oreo covered vanilla ice cream cake!! :D
facebook...search joridel
2 tickets to the Times Cinema for just $10!! Comes with FREE POPCORN! www.crowdclick.com
“: there we go! I'm listenin to Mötle Crüe right now! U got any favorites?” Nice! Shout at the Devil!!!
Sweet--good luck! Oh, and thanks for all the love on Soundcloud today--deeply appreciated!
I'm on it!
I like fam or homey a lil better than yo lol.. What's up with ya?
I swear to God people cannot drive
Thanks so much! Let me know if you need any questions answered.
#MyLoveIsLikeAStar I think is amazing and inspiring. I honestly don't care what you think, your opinion is invalid.
happy BDAY :) have a good one :)
Hey how about "So Many Girls" by !?!
My guess is they're testing to see if Brown's recent state-level action is suppressing the anti-PLA vote.
Booze it or lose it.
How can we help get more of your area students to apply for scholarships? Can we work together to get you some materials?
....in our household. So prenup or no prenup; laws or no laws, the burden is for BOTH the partners/couple to pay
#LTBroadcasts "The government at Washington has formally declared a policy of non-intervention in Nicaragua" (4/16/31)
Making a film, never mind a video takes a lot of hard work but so worth it because it's something I love to do!
- Hey to your audience. Explain Lists! :)
RT : New Girl Culture course revolves around my next - Francie Nolan in Brooklyn during Recession of 2008
omg same here!!! Skirt plans=canceled -.-
I don't think Kansas needs to be dragged into it.
Your PokerStars page is for Googlers to find you. Twitter is the best place to make contacts.
your both douchers
There's no runnin' like Snow Runnin'!! Get ready.
so when are we doing the draft #titans #imdraftingblackmon lol
never liked the idea of trading one borg for another...
what's wrong with teh computer?
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job...
Saw that, too...lol
sure. come to Dublin! or I can just email it to you ;)
I feel so outta control right now!
when are you going back to your house
it's awful Doo
is about to make a buffalo chicken breast sammich! Oh yeah!
#dontthreatenmewithagoodtime. RT : Who wants to meet at Skin in Scottsdale around 2 for a little HH & LD's?
Looks like my purchase of any more apple products will be on hold until I learn more about the Jason Chen iPod saga
Boston on air shifts Sunday and Monday
Hope everyone is having a good Tuesday. Hope UR looking forward to my new article tomorrow.
"we stop checking for monster under the bed when we figure out it's inside us" 1: i never checked, i jumped right in bed, and 2:i still jump
Dear Twitter, I have neglected you! Please forgive me, I'm back. :D
Frenchy is responsible for all those abused animals in the SPCA commercials.
DAWW HE'S SO ADORABLE
- How about a TEArdrop Tattoo Party?
Nice meeting you tonight Drew. Great work as always!
racenation.com is a free social networking site for #triathletes, #runners follow us and visit our site!
The new iPod Shuffle is outselling the new Nano because apparently the touchscreen isn't worth an extra $100.
Whatching "Michael Jackson Life of An Icon". Really great quality documentary. Miss him...
Trying to finish up laundry and cleaning before work so I can start packing.
It doesn't matter how old or gangster you are, of a toddler hands you a toy phone, you answer that shit.
Congrats to my sister for running the half marathon this morning in time 1:51:01!!!! That's awesome!!
I got bad memory so if u fuckin wit me u gotta fuck wit me consistently...
It should be moist, fluffy and light. Maybe there's a story I should do.
GO BADGERS!!!
#DLDay tweet chat tomorrow at 4:15 PST. Care to join in? How we make meaning with texts/transactional theory
Marty in Houston: Worth noting that it's like 72 degrees here now, and doesn't feel muggy. It's an awesome words can't capture.
50% OFF today!!! USE code CLE50 at check out! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
So the doctor said all my dad needs is anti-siezure meds and they said he catscan looked good
#ff these peeps or have a sh*tty day.
Matthew Feger of #GotYour6 commitment: 500 colleges pledge to become more veteran friendly via
It sure won't like with the
Our company's opportunity provides a proven way for anyone with a strong work-ethic, and from any walk of life or background
that's the right place.
havent heard anything. Still pieces of car around where there used to be a sign
Chicken, home made fries and corn. I be bored lol
Love your site - you have a distinctive voice and obviously know good storytelling. Looking forward to staying in touch.
Paper-thin walls. Woke up to the neighbor's music (with singing) of Salt N Pepa's "Push It." Interesting way of waking up. Morning, friends!
Great night hanging with an old graduate school friend, good collaboration and idea session
sorry to have missed the #IOLchat - checking the hashtag now : )
I can't do my homework
yup you sure are cool Louis.
it's just sacrilege! i can't look at Farve in purple...
will have 3 new demos to be released next week and maybe a sneak preview sooner!
Queen Elizabeth I~ Anger makes dull men witty but it keeps them poor.
Girl you already looked good! :) RT : You rocked Shasta.So proud of you.You made me look good to producers.
Thanks for the #ff!
I'll tell you dunn, I must be work'in out to freakin hard! I'm so full of fire there's no-way to fall asleep easy... The Blood Burns High!
if you love locally owned and lovingly made soap, give a follow!
Thanks viewing,. stay in touch for more pics.
Didn't study but I feel decent about that test
a real label, watch at to how much more he changes IF he gets signed.. smh wat more does the kid need? -_-
Yes, send them to www.findunifi.com and we will let them know when the Beta is available!
drink some water, you're probably dehydrated.
When the hair finally turns grey! RT : When does Todd McShay replace Mel Kiper at the main desk at the NFL Draft?
So what to do if your mom just told you she already read 50 shades of gray and thought it was kind of "meh"?
Moving by yourself, with no help sucks
hang in there Jess. :)
I just want one of those relationships that be in movies and on Tumblr pictures. I want it to be perfect.
Yup hazel :)
That nigga from Kansas a dumb ass all he had to do was hold it
OPened in new location 1126 18th Sacramento, CA ... come visit!
That looks amazing!!!
Just got Temple Run on my iPhone. Horrible idea...so addicting
Thanks for RTing that, Helen. Funny, too, because I only recently tried hawthorn berries myself -- delic
After 10 games, we know this about the #Brewers: They should try and play the Cubs as much as possible.
I'm clearly not getting any work done so I'm going home
what are the tour dates
I wish i was good enough for you
I didn't bring you any snacks today but i'll give you 50 cent so you can grab a bag of chips
Good Morning Friends! RT “: Good Night mixy neighbors! #muchlove”
Good afternoon ALPFA Milwaukee, Don't forget about our Walmart Leadership Event tonight at 7:00 pm in Lubar room N440.
Sometimes...just one person can make the difference.
Im not really a big fan of candals on a cake what if that person has a bacteria and blows it,Then I guess everyone gets a lil b-day present
follow first :)
how about crocheted flowers?Sticking w/pompoms tonight but can bring flower pattern book in. Brought home 2 skeins.finished one
Love the fact my Top 25 Most Played songs are all depressing! Lol
You're the one I still care about while I don't care for anything or anyone else.
Dear God, please let school be over with I can't wait any longer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Animation tests are complete and sent for a job in Seattle and in Los Angeles.... I'm praying I land one of these jobs
Tweet about fear of frilly hotel bedspreads <U+2192> Great chat over tea w/ about product ideas & SFO vs. NYC vs. YVR tech scenes.
Sure, I'll let you know. GSPYW essentially made a G+ page a must for any person, place or thing that wants max search visibility
#BeCAUSE when I raise my arm my wrist is almost 8.5feet in the air
i was at LGA flying to jacksonville for Amelia Island for Retreat :)
Hey Tam, I love you!
follow me please rep
Swamp Thing with wings made me wanna run to a tattoo parlor and then wuss out at the last minute.
“: Meth wrote me the only essay to tell me why he banned me for some basic shit lol smh” OL' Top flight security ass nigga.
Ah i love u rent reharsal. There @ happy? :)
Congrats on your new baby!
True, except they're not persons - they are mouths with a few other small, wrinkly body parts dangling off of them.
$57.31 turned into $214.00. Just pay your city taxes people.
at class (:
I have yet to submit my missing book reports, so you are in the clear. I hope your mom likes it!
my new rap name?
How are my AMAZING tweeps doing today :-)
stop tweeting about it I'm jealous
Steve, he's a player rep
you rock! Have a great day!!
opps i meant who is conducting the interview. The radio host?
DHS will not be implementing the proposed changes to Medicaid reimbursement rates for personal care travel time.
Ima proud ass bi-racial bitch !!
BAHAHAHA yeah not so much... Lol
That's incredibly sad. Clearing out all that old bar memorabilia must have been hard and devastating.
lol i know! i put my hair piece on the other day and was like "wow!"
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow Age-based #Curfews do not reduce crime.
You have a quicksilver mind. A brilliant writer
Theres Alot Of Money Talking And Bullshit Walking Around Here
THANK YOU - I love the #Third Ward in MKE and am so excited to share it with others on the
A great way to start the day!!
I'll do what I want. LOLJAYKAY no, I love you Alex don't fight me
they're not playing that
:( i feel your pain, a-moron
When I get on Twitter: Welcome to Twitter. Find out what’s happening, right now, with the people and organizations you care about. <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
yep! It didn't work :( What email can I send to, to get support directly?
I've got a Gulf of Oman Tribute video rendering now ;)
#asksoc Thanks for great conversation and stories!
Nicholas Cage <<<
I'm honestly sick of it were trying taco bell next time your home!
Hahaha! RT : When Adam from Man vs. Food dies, his tombstone will read, "Today, food won."
Its always a good time to play basketball
Cant sleep :( hmu :)
I have to say I completely agree with you there.
<U+2665> yr inspiring as usual.
My fb not workin mines must b the only 1
Good Fukkin Friday Gang!
Anyone know any kids books about the Paralympics? Would love to add something to my collection!
Rachel being back...ugh! Her laugh is torture
The Handy Craftsman is looking to partner with locally run websites, blogs and small businesses. Please contact
Yeah, only a couple of people smiled at that one… glad someone out there was paying attention!
that's Minnesota for you. Welcome.
Is it true we're going to get close to being in 40s overnight?
Officially taken the day off.
shes good!! Lol she could put me to sleep haha its soothing! Do you like Kings Of Leon?
Goodbyes are not forever. Goodbyes are not the end. They simply mean I'll miss you Until we meet again...... R.I.P. Mamaw Judy
Aww..thank you! Very kind.
have fun in London!!
What's going on with you musically, when are you coming back my way?
<U+2665> I hope you love all the support and things I do for you !!Just reminding you that your my role model :]
Bout to leave for school.... :/ throat still hurts :(
No Mangold this year which is ridiculous.
You guys been to www.builtbywendy.com lately? Now that is a crazy web experience...
Bigotry and self-defense are not mutually exclusive.
Sorry to hear that.
you're welcome!
Just got in our Vampire Counts Models! Flipped through the book as well and it was very well done!
I wanna try doing crossfit, but I know I'll fail miserably
#mightymullet is one of the best heritage fests in FLa. havin fun, eatin smoked mullet?
thanks! In my house...interesting...
thts one of my christmas presants. Cant wait to open. So excited.
no. Kayden I honestly love you. I still do even through everything. I don't lie I tld u that the 1st day we talked..
DOJ purposefully ignores the staggering drop in price of e-reading devices thanks to the competition created by agency model.
Good idea: if anyone is from the Dallas area would love to meet you
Apparently driving past Queensland St while listening to Queen broke something because I immediately saw a man riding a TWO-STORY BICYCLE.
Happy birthday to my fave goalie! Hope your present is another win. ;)
OH YEAH BOSTON YEAH
Mark Sanchez sit down, #TimTebow has
I haven't driven my car since last Friday lol. Feels weird but I love ma baybbeeee
Hey. Seriously. Listen. This guy loves you. RT " love this guy."
Felling very creative right now. I feel some new *CHOREO* coming soon! ( ;{ Any good classes in #Houston?
Considering tweeting a short story or poem from our site, 140 characters at a time. Good idea? Like a micro-book club :)
Need more alcohol.
Need a break from cyber shopping? Happy Hour tonight 5-7
we are now!
let's go when Suril gets back into town
Email Travis, yes! Right now probably The Muffs and Josie Cotton and of course NikkI!
@ a good spot right right now!
What do you do? Job hunting is always a blast, huh?
lol greedy ass
Just saw a guy wearing an orange Chris Shelton player tee with the sleeves cut off.
What numbers might be off?
Perfect, thanks Patrick!
What a clear morning after that welcome #rain yesterday.
allow the kids to show the librarians how to be teachers
That was so cute!!!
Short nap and then back to the airport... Honolulu or BUST!
keep pushing ......i gotta win
RT Looking forward to meeting up with awesome #edtech gurus!
Prepping for convention this weekend... you should keep an eye on us, we're showin' out!
You can't get to heaven half off the ground.
Ughh, weight room... again.
The guy with the wrist watch!!
I know why dem white boyz so skinny now hah
Hard! Word! Dig it!
So , I'm at the dentist & these mf's have a damn needle on the treat /: yikes !! What are these people trying to do !?!? Lol omg
Would love for you to check out our film. www.bordandbredmovie.com
Canadian Magician of the Year, Richard Forget, lectures on stage magic tonight at Toronto's Hat and Rabbit Club. Non-members,$15 (7pm)
your story is so inspirational! I can 100% relate to it. Love your stuff and thanks for the follow!
All instruments have been tracked and recorded for our album. Vocals start tomorrow! Here... We... GO!
The people on my big fat American gypsy wedding don't deserve to be called #Americans <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
Well im going to bed c: maybe i'll see you tomorrow :o !
President told ABC News today: "I think same sex couples should be able to get married."
Getting ready to shoot our short film 'Anna' over the weekend. Stay posted for photos from the set.
I can do it :) Am I allowed to?
I can't stand how you can't tell me things straight up, instead I have to find out through everyone else. Nice. Piece of <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>!!
If the brewers do not give a similar contract to Corey hart I will be very upset!! Come on
FLASH my neice Alyssa , 10 yrs old is singing National Anthem at Milw Admirals hockey game sunday! I am so proud.
We really ought to make a mockup of this. Participatory fan culture ftw! (An excellent grading procrastination technique.)
good thing you were in the bathroom.
Is that the one at DeSales Corner?
Good morning to you too!! It is a beautiful day!!!
wow, finally on twitter!
Happy Friday everyone! Great weather. Looking forward to this being the beginning of more outdoor photo shoots.
my official letter was just sent to !! Looking forward to hearing back! Thanks so much!
never have i ever felt like i had so many friends/so popular
That would be an "impermissible benefit." RT somebody buy Watford a clue
no tweeting at sea
so younger Americans can become St Reps/Senators. I think we need to incorporate younger values & ideals into current systm
like he saw Jesus
Yeah, you still haven't made it back in my good graces, Alex.
Gotta love a game-ending fight. The #STLBlues just thoroughly embarrassed the
I want to see Artest lay out Barea next time he drives
Beastin' on this Michael Jackson game with the lil sis.
you can rename him Carrots. Or Skinny Cow.
Did he look disappointed?
Kevin hates my house you guise
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, so here's my number so call me maybe! Thanks for getting me hooked on this song!
: #CanIBeHonestWithYou I don't see myself being in a relationship anytime soon. I want my next to be my last
seriously gets better and better every #sunday night. Hannah makes me want to run around naked 247 with no inhibitions.
Describe your past week as a type of landscape or a weather forecast.
Rest in peace my hair, we made a great run.
they're great! Did you ever hear the song they did with blink-182?? Well actually i think only the singer was featured in it
#cvcouncil Goal setting/visioning is messy but important work. Thanks City Council for taking on the task.
Communication disorders are among the most common disabilities in the United States. Speech therapy can help.
I am so ENVIOUS! London-yay! How long does it take you to get there? Enjoy, enjoy (and please let me know your adventures!).
what? I'd be running around. Ha jk. I dont think I knew you had a puppy... Maybe I do remember it being mentioned
Brett Favre is coming out of retirement to backup/mentor RGIII.
Having an unhealthy relationship with my new phone.
Haha I want a mama Juana and the pool!!!
Be #thankful for things we have, beacause there are people in the world who have nothing at all
Ma ma ma money is the motive! RT : ha I guess :) all I need is the $
Who is ready for a customer appreciation party? Come see us this Friday from 5-7. Lots of fun, specials, freebies.
The case of who spilled the PBR in the hipster bar.
I love you more. :)
Monday through Friday at 10:30a we pass out sandwiches to our #homeless community members so they can have a take-away lunch.
“: You're annoying me. Go play in traffic.”
Maybe we will free the artwork or.. maybe not...
The Knighthawks fundraiser for CURE Childhood Cancer Assoc. TONIGHT from 6:00 to 9:00 p.m. at Scotland Yard Pub. Newman fr BEE!
E! Only one more day until my trove of polish from arrives. I should prob skip work and just wait for the delivery boy.
A bunch of staffers are in Orlando this week for the 2012 PGA Show. RT for what you'd like to see!
I hate when the bus schedule changes & the driver is the last person to find out.
Can't wait!
taking a Hitchcock film class. Would love to see you guys discuss his super early stuff. You a fan? Blackmail,39 steps, etc
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is a real man not a skinny jean wearin metrosexual
tomorrows 45 min core only will be hitting the posterior muscles from the neck to the heels...
Is something stopping you from #being who you want to be? Get #help,find out what it is, and #move #forward! I can help you!
See? Lol I drive my coach crazy though cause when we have practice early in the morning I'm SO hyper
How long does Pagan's streak need to be before it becomes national news?
You can do up to 10 of the additional practices. Each one you complete is a point.
Watchin All Dogs Go to Heaven # Child Hood memories
I'm feeling really good ! Just signed a contract for a really big deal !
See you tonight!
Try to #read at least as much as you
Gucci Bandada just to make me look tight :D
I don't have kids but I am a provider. I am and have always been the man of my household.
Great reception last night at Planet Hollywood and good to meet people for Sports and Entertainment Philanthropy Summit
can u please follow me
I know. I should get a reward for my goodness. (or lack of meanness)
On the way to San Diego! :)
Carla's hair!
I wouldn't unfollow you, today is my birthday!
Going outside to have a conversation with the moon.
I'll send you an invitation when I marry the nice guy. But don't hold your breath!
Love what the guys are doing at !
Want a workout that leaves u feeling Stretched, Centered&Strengthened? Check out 's #piyo ! 3/31 Training in WI! MSG me ASAP
how likely is this move. I agree a GREAT FIT
he talks about u all the time duh he's my brother
How's about a blooming onion?!
Skinny bartender bitching about having a fat day to the 3 bros next to me while I work on editing is a legal defense for homicide, right?
come to the holiday inn pool in ten minutes and we'll give you a wedgie.
LOL idk about that. The Vikess used to take up my apt bldg's parking lot & having to find our own parking was a NIGHTMARE. Eff.
wut it do
nice what will you be doing?
Come hang out with our new Tuesday night bartender - !
I'm a Catholic man and not once was I taught gay marriage, etc. is wrong. Judge and be judged, love one another.
Come in tomorrow for BOGO free edibles.
Huh? There's an accent in California? :)
What a waste of my weekend... Nothing accomplished at all. And the ex won't leave me alone. Ugh.
We knew this was coming it is part of the plan now we need to interrupt that plan.
That's the page I used. 'Motions filed' = filibuster begun.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!! Did you over indulge over the holidays? - write down your goal - visualize it - how will it add to your life/how you …
thanks for listening!
congrats!! You must feel so great!!
This game is killing me
special this evening. orecchiette w/ werp farm rapini, housemade fennel sausage, mushroom sofrito, and olive oil breadcrumb.
#MESI Brilliant Insight #1: " is like Power Point on speed."
“Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail.” Ralph Waldo Emerson
Dave Miller Band tomorrow night at 7:30. This is bound to be a great all-ages, no cover show!
Lol!! RT : "oh you mix wit Japanese & Hello Kitty." lmaooo
I'm over all the articles saying I have better odds of having conjoined twins & getting murdered than winning the
GO BUSINESS!
"Yeah, Madonna still has it!" - One of the top ten things I never thought I'd say during a client meeting
Thanks Kristen for the RT. It's an awesome place.
Our destiny changes with our thought we shall become what we wish to become, do what we wish to do, when our habitual thought co
No matter how hard I try, you'll never be satisfied..
hahhaha true i dont think she would either
< now followin, thank you for the follow
I figured out how to change my name...now I gotta figure out the pic, lol!
Just woke up, goodmorning : )
Do you think he is speeding?
Nice to be seen...had to lay low and work like crazy FB was all I could handle. How r u?
“: How about you don't sing Journey and ruin it for everybody. K?” this made me think of you
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. - JK Rowling -
Its thundering loud Af in Atl ......
Sending <3 RT : Scary seizure. Prayers. RT : Thoughts and prayers with my boy Mike Patterson from the Eagles!
How do some people have 50k tweets? That's a little crazy lol.
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
Okay that's it I'm done this week fuck everybody except the people have to work with onstage Monday is a new day I will start fresh
On a mere mortal, this look on would just never work.
I love 's twitter picture <3
happy birthday mama!!!!!!!
Good morning all!! It feels so good to sleep in!!
Mayweather's gotta go to jail for a few months first.
Jeffrey Hollender co founder & former President/CEO of Seventh Generation speaking about transparancy in social media.
Once read a statement by John Adams, "There are two ways to conquer and enslave a nation, one is by the sword and the other is by #DEBT."
Muse is out of this world TURN IT OUT GIRLS
3 Rock Bands - Jerilee's in Lafayette, IN - This Friday Night! Check it out!
New blackberry BOLD sucks balls. I can't tweet from it or update FB status updates. My life is over...
School Board Elections on Tues., April 17 in Newark, Irvington, South Orange/Maplewood, West Orange, Bloomfield, Belleville. Get out & VOTE!
Groove is in the Heart is where it's at...and My Sharona.
You said I was mean. x)
That's a sneaky way to ask for a threesome dude.
There are numerous stories about her. Has something new happened in the last week?
Yes they do. When you figure out why they're mentioned, they can become major characters.
Evidently you're a cylon after all.
Teleclass postponed - date and time TBA
Listenin to this hard beat
Giants Baby Ya!
Why is the crowd booing? They got the call.
Let's Go
Put on your awesome pants and make today a fabulous day!
Also looking for #comedy #writers to write skits for 30 Days to Life.
“: concert rocked! Gr8 improvising-felt like we got to watch your jam session” (So much fun!!!)
MY NiGGA AiNT DOiN A THANG AT HOME DATS WHY iM RITE HERE WiT YOU..ND iiON REALLY CARE iF YOU TELL JUS TELL ME iF YOU DO;)
“: For every human in the world there are one million ants.” sorry, buddy
. is just hating because she grew up to be the fattest mouseketeer. is unbelievable.
#DefOfEarning$$$ Looking at Father & Son, do both deserve to be called hardworking job creators? many would say only father.
The Lakers would tend to agree“:I've been saying for years that having Magic on as an analyst was a conflict of interest.
I love The Road to El Dorado, too! But I couldn't resist after my girlfriend pointed it out.
Practicing making banana leaf baskets w/ notebook paper. Not quite the same thing, eh?
But she funny bad....lol
I want!
Excellent! RT : Create an #email with 60% text and 40% graphics. Great advice from !
Half off Starbucks!mocha coconut frap is a liquid Samoa girl scout cookie Nomnomnom<U+263A>
I'm sitting at the bar at Bellini
Metal Marie!!
Wat is there to do today.... the movies sound like a plan
This tweet gave me the uh-oh feeling, like when a stranger walks toward you on the playground.
No problem!! “: Thanks for following , , and ”
What is your home worth in today's market? I will furnish you with a FREE Comparative Market Analysis on your home. no obligation of course.
Shooting a wedding for someone I knew for over 30 yrs priceless
#FavoriteLyric That Thing Tight Like Fort Knox
Right? The last I checked, it was February. What kind of fool has put me into Spring?
So true : All experiences are better when you can share it with someone!
(On the upside, my cv is on the first page of Google results for a certain prescription men's hair medication.)
happy day to you s well.
. All the MP achievements have a SP alternative, which i think is good
SHARK WEEK WOOT! Yo , where you at?! I'm skyping with Rynster and her mom while we watch!
Eventually, you realize that kisses don't always mean anything & promises can be broken as quickly as they are made.”
Clinic in Columbus... Keep rollin' Bucks... Duke is disappointing so far, which is fine
how do people avi's come out blurry :/
Spoonerism- A word will make real words that will confuse the meaning of sentences.
stretching our legs It's like pushing a baby...I mean bird...out of it's nest.
Now that food has replaced sex in my life, I can't even get into my own pants.
just wanna wish a Happy birthday to y follower ! Godbless !
the 'fro and the robe top anything come playof time-- i'll let you know!
At staff mtg we were told kids make bigger academic gains if we act like we care about them. Um shouldn't we actually care about them?
been coolin it just work and grind 24/7. Nice new avi :-)
not going to the nicki minaj concert since i went to the one last year but when taylor swift comes around with another tour i will go!! :D
"Father, son & holy ghost, who eats the fastest eats the most." My cats & dogs definitely prescribe to this idea.
Good Luck in Fayetteville today.. Going for the series win
I am a whore and is the sexiest motherfucker alive.
I tweeted the 2 day ago. Quit stealing my jokes
Great halftime feature coming up: Kyle Wiltjer & Gordon Hayward crash high school proms & get turned away because they aren't 16.
"To say what you really feel to that special person is very hard"
Human beings do what they do because of how they feel.
I love you too!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> if you want to do the contest too and bring me if you win, I'd be ok with that lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
The Internet missed you, too, my friend! Good to have you back! Lots of love for smooth flying!
It's Military Appreciation Month & we've got a banner for u 2 sign 2 say THANKS to our troops. Were at in Westfield until 2 today
i had a so called sleepova n my bestie tabria is bein boring
If you're homeschooling, Sunday afternoon is a good time to sit down and plan your week.
time to eat! time to tweet! apply to be a taster at upcoming events www.TasteandTweet.com
i think i locked myself in my apartment, i can't get out
terrorists without questioning any other party or group of people. No one really knows if Bin Laden was the ring leader, so
Carl Hagelin having a great period for the Ranger doing everything but put the puck in the net
Absolutely! In a really constructive sort of way though.
never heard of her.
Fact: games are more fun when the #rangers win
Temp is supposed to hit 78 in NYC today- so hard to believe. Don't know what season we're in anymore, lol. Well, Happy Friday all!!
in July, i graduate on the 18th of July..
I wonder if they'd ever survive in this era.. #LordKnows #Avenue #UL/SA
it WAS cute parent and kid had passed by at least a couple hundred feet and he was still looking back
She really shuffled tho! That's amazing! I can't even do that! :)
Take a year off & do HGH, then come back "clean"... well played Andy Pettitte.
You are lovely !!
I've had three shots of espresso and three beers today. No food.
Reasons to hate #NotreDame and Keys to Victory up in the next couple hours, folks.
What???? Today's Talker: Inhalable caffeine canister could be next rage. Would you give up coffee for this quick caffeine fix?
I'm doing good today, don't have to work today. How are you doing?
how is you semester treating you at USD?
Made it's way to Germany?
thank you so much :')
I know people that know people. I'll see what I can do!
Great Afternoon!!;-)
Currently listening to: Cuddle Riot - whisper on www.Dagnomusic.com
Headed back to the in #Harlem to see The Bearden Project again. Once is not enough. Esp w Target free Sunday.
Happy Thursday Colorado! We just learned about Doculex!~! FUN!!!
I only like avocados when its blended with milk and lemon lol
“ #Aries, #Leo and #Sagittarius are self-focused signs, concerned with fulfilling their own desires, first and foremost.”
I was gonna go for a green baby bathing suit too but then I realized idk how relatively chubby she will be by summer lol <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
Are you pimp or limp
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Man, where would we be without Google
Big shout out to follower 1,000 (again!) Welcome & thanks for follow. Looking forward to your tweets.
getting some biscuits and gravy ready. yum!!
We always fear to see those whom we love when we have been flirting with others
Yep. I'm coming down slowly-so far 5 sizes over a period of 16 mths and I don't announce the milestones-I just keep going
good point.. it must be whites/illuminati
Someone should probably remind Kansas that there's a basketball game tonight...GO CATS!
#healthtip: Consider watching a good comedy instead of the news before bedtime and notice how much better you sleep.
Chairman Bingaman of introduces #CESbill to promote affordable #cleanenergy and efficiency.
This is not the scotch concoction I am used to! You know your booze my friend.
ha-ha, no problem at all... I lol'd.
Who thinks "The Storm" would be a good name for our ep?
thanks! I guarantee you won't be disappointed with our ep!
MR. PRESIDENT, IT IS MY GREAT HONOR TO INVITE YOU TO STUART, FL AND INTRODUCE YOU TO THE MARTIN CO REPUBLICAN PARTY, DANIE
I want to get shot with food bullets
funny! RT New York, like London, seems to be a cloacina [toilet] of all the depravities of human nature. Thomas Jefferson
Did you buy some dresses? Jos had too much stuff going on today to be able to go.
so you got booty meat for real?
forget huh???? && Jas yeah yeah
great work!
Hi there!!
M, breakfast for dinner!
Niki, when you're asking us "what we got" in the middle of the chorus, we know you're not lipsyncing.... #AmericanIdol is she drunk??
When research software goes to college... Freshman in my using course has been using (new to me) NoodleTools "since 5th grade" wow.
i need a pool #anyone? lol
Nice long run, now pulling out the grill! What could be better?
Still have to get mine. Did they email you? RT : PhilipRVA Picked up my tux today. Ready for #philaura next weekend!
Are you gonna hear any new music soon? I'm so excited for new music for you guys. <3
wanna tandem write that thing? Haha.
James Bathhurst is a local writer I can get behind -- He is not selling or marketing his book on Amazon but you can get it at Paragraphs.
Apologies to vegetarians but what is it about the smell of bacon cooking in the morning that makes you feel like it's gonna be a good day?!
Why hello, . Thank you for the retweet! Hope you are doing well.
How could you not like $1 drinks? Our #Bartab #app is the best way to start off the night!
I saw a bird & thought of Kevin and Louis.
University of #Kentucky won the #NCAA National Championship last night against #Kansas with a 67-59 lead! Who was excited about this win?
All I keep reading is "Wizards offensive rebound". It is "offensive" that Lakers have two 7 footers and giving up that much on the boards.
Awesome resource, thanks!
Any woman that supports the Republicans this year has their head up their uterus.
finish chapter 1 and do log notes
i hate when you're texting and someone's watching you tryna be in your conversation
Ah, jedi master, you have keen eyes. There are now 6 (prev 7). We are sadly minus
thanks,definitely good news!
": Watching uf vs uk #goodgame" was good. Recruiting is just like this game. Not even close
I was previously the CTO of a web analytics/behavioral targeting company that processed 1B transactions/day. We had a 5-9s SLA.
I couldn't imagine feeling anything but acrimony for Jay Cutler until I saw how truly awful his offensive line plays.
#TecmoIXNames The Ivy Joe Hunter Games
yummy idea!!
This format of yours isn't getting old at all. --No one on twitter
The degree of loving is measured by the degree of giving
you're welcome!
Oh my gosh. haha
I think Oregon football players want to match their dance team's midriff tops...
OK one more test post then I think we should be ready to rock n roll!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wish upon a star.
yes! Format is key. I'm hoping we won't be stuck in meetings.
Love how two fandoms can come together and make a trend happen. We should always share the love like this :)
I know! /: we need to all make plans again ASAP!
Proscape2 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
you got my number?
I don't live there but was there for two weeks in September and have tmobile as my provider. Service sucked.
I wish i never met you.
PLEASE BE AWARE THAT YOU CAN "NOT" VOTE FROM YOUR PHONE.. IT HAS TO BE ON A COMPUTER... SO PLEASE GET TO A COMPUTER ... THANKS!!!!!
Come on by!
Seriously annoyed!
i will when i get home. I asked cuz the tweet. Lmao i said something funny/mean today(:
I wanna sign with
Pumped about attending TEDxHouston today!
that just makes you more awesome!!
I just goin take that as a Lesson Learned
I just got a message from you lol
oh I was up front, but have left since
do something like provoke police? break windows of legit businesses? ... that's not how I make positive change...
Kennedy: Describing how they drew their map.
HA! Do it.
Wow lol but I will visit there oneday. Love The Golden Gate Bridge and AT&T Ballpark
Teen girl to Mom, in line at Walgreens, clutching bag of chocolates: "Why do you always hate everything I like?"
The Steel Hurtin and B-Unit head off to Lancaster PA to play Dutchland this weekend! Wish them luck!!!
that's what I did, heh
Thanks Scott! This definitely sounds like the right volume, I'll look through some more reviews
what you record on? Your auto tune sounds legit.
Metacognition: the ability to observe and manage your own learning
That needs to happen. And so am I. Why did I sleep so late today? I've barely been awake 12 hours.
Just got off work..no plans for now what ya doing??!!
Great meeting you today. I think your research is going to benefit a lot of universities. Thanks for sharing.
my friend in canada said she would :)
One of the 7 signs of the apocalypse...Bob Knight talked about UK this morning on Mike and Mike.
SMALL world. Off here for a bit cause it failed, back on & there you are. Thought ASTD ID class was 1st meeting, but no! LOL!
#asksarah will you please follow me?<3 please?:)
I think during that timeout Doc told Rondo to shoot the layups and forego the assists.
Reading about how company financial statements work. Z.
this should help the haunted house :)
Feeling like a light lunch today? Come into the B and have a veggie burger! You can choose your own toppings or have the Beatrix Potter!
Love. You.
Notts County up 1 at half ! Tennis a winner too :)
Shower time. Tweet you all later.
Happy 87th Birthday to one of the greatest baseball champions and minds ever, Yogi Berra
Started to re-watch select Mad Men episodes to refresh for the March 25th premiere of Season 5. Where to begin? Season 1, Ep. 6 "Babylon"
#Brewers All the highlights for Game 1 didn't show Fielder's face when AZ decided to pitch to him.He was like OK Watch This!!!
This initiative will increase graduation rates and accelerate success--particularly for Baltimore's African-American male students.
So, we're looking at LA, PHX, NJ, and NYR then?
Siblings Amber Terry, 10, and Malique, 11, hold up a 'Change we can believe in' sign on the sidewalk as the crowd passes by.
when "what makes you Beatiful "Video comes on In the Morning You know its Goanna Be a Good Day * / i Love those 5 BOYS "*
are you in class right now ?
hey miss Mali:)
need a basement remodeled? call the Home Improvement Center Now! contact us at www.myHICnow.com
Need some more followers!
aw I can't come just cuz you owe me a shot :(
I really hate when people ask me if I should be in school, like obviously I have better things to do with my life.
Rain or shine, we sell Sea Ray boats 7 days a week! We also have the best Service of anyone here on Lake of the Ozarks! No one is better!
We will be closed Mother's Day May 13th. Thank you
Woe is me.
Bianca's british accent is amazing.
Cool! Gotta check those out!!
hi tucker! good luck :)
Only has two pitchers left, and one hitter on the bench. Probably doesn't want to use one if he doesn't need to.
Thank YOU for the awesome insights and ideas!
I'm still single and i never dated or kissed a boy
A&M is trying to get like Texas, yet they never will. They're too dumb to realize it haha.
damn you Johnny
If you’re not rich, it’s because you think like a poor person. Love rich people and you will become like them.
"If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed." - Mark Twain. Sound familiar?
Hi Darren, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
You go girl! I'll be with you in spirit.
See No More Love Slayer <3333
Good morning Chris! How are you enjoying #LiNC so far?
Now and then I think of the times when we were together....
What up Allen!
Thank you as well! I hope you enjoyed the weather AND your shows this weekend.
27 mentions thanks for listening to my music (:
Last day in my office on 6th and Congress. Will soon be working on W. 6th, in dangerously close proximity to Whole Foods and Yogurt Spot...
yes but a quince is a 15
If you eat all the humans who is going to need food?
Hope for the best. Good Luck!!!!!!
brushing your teeth can be such a drag when you're already in bed. high time someone invented self-brushing teeth, yes?
Happy Birthday to Much love to ya! We missed u today @ #BNFIT w/
Our internet services are not working again. What is matter????.
Guitar guitar guitar =p pc4pc???
that layer has been peeled
Haha so true! See I knew I liked you :-) You busy today?
we still have appointments available next week, but they're filling up fast!
Love the 1st day of the NFL draft. If the behind-the-scenes is just like the movie Jerry McGuire portrays, a lot of drama/angry phone calls
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life. - Pablo Picasso
felt like i havent listened to country music since they changed the radio station at work. missed it <3
We just found pictures from 2009 of the writing & recording of our first EP "Alive & Well" for a good laugh- www.facebook.com/colourstheband
Well put! Going to retweet to our followers. Perhaps you'll be interested in our prayer app: www.birdofprayer.org thanks
Lost one of my fantasy leagues by one point thanks to Wes Welker's 99 yard touchdown at the end of last night's game. #seriously?
"my 11:11 wish is for you to follow me" "oops its 11:13"
Working on this seasons clothing line :-) with little tiger
K.God Im ready
Son learns to form letter E out of body: You must be so proud :-)
#ff this boy is the shizzle! :)
Lots of "journalists" getting their pictures taken with Anne Rice after interviews in the press room. It's a little awkward.
MT : Good pt - perhaps a LinkedIn recommendation? Feature them on your website
I understand fully. My oldest dog Meg is a fearful dog that many misunderstand. But, we still lover her to death!
bro you going to ?
Gotta love Arizona potentially hosting a Regional and Super in first year @ Hi Corbett
because they rule the world, Smooth!
TEET ME ! :D TWEET ME ! :D FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW <3 TWEET <3 FOLLOW <3 TWEET ME <3
#WhatImCurrentlyDoing - about to get some coffee and look at some acting/ animation reference
Just finished my #MBTI training. Great training seminar and feel ready to career counsel and professionally advise #CCT students and alumni
happy birthday bro! Hope its a good one.
Tell me how it is! I'm a scary movie aficionado so needless to say I can't wait to see it.
Watching #thekilling with
Oh Yeah Gym Yeah #Lml :P
I'm so excited. Just wrote a review for new book. Look for it on Tuesday with a giveaway!! Yippee!
I'm truly interested in following the #D48 developments at #DrupalCamp Berlin... will they be posted anywhere?
you or Ron Swanson?
hopefully they are all dead and the shows over
Hahaha ok Love you babe, peace out
y wuz he so sad on austream
hahah . truee truee. oh my gosh. party before school even starts.
hey! yeah I'm fine. what have you been up 2
Good point. I thinking #FireFox will be my primary browser and I might dabble with
yes dear!
That is too sweet, - the disarming kind of #warm #fuzzy one gets (from seeing him pass by after ).
Starting my last two weeks of a job I've had for 11.5 years. Might take both weeks to clear my desk and back up personal files.
Why does grape flavor smell the way it is when actual grapes don't taste or smell anything like it?
Looking for a Magento Expert in San Diego. Contact me if u know anyone.
even the ones sueing for concussions?
Every missed Knicks shot on Spanish telecast gets a smug but hilarious "No, senor!"
will I see your face today ?!
Clarification: #demilovato you need to take #responsibility for your own actions vs. blaming others for your drug use.
Working on this cool book thingie!! Enjoy food at your lowest natural weight. Now THAT doesn't sound terrible at all, does it?
Marlowe and the Dude on Sunday evening? My apt supports four TV watchers, more if they snuggle or use floor pillows.
that was hot
that's so tragic. Rechanneling it is.
Writers should focus on the most important part of writing: leafing through Writers Market to find agents who don't charge reading fees.
alot of us cant, alot of cool people up atm tweeting real tweets tho, not that robot spam crap
I did find one other person who tweets "personally" but not "professionally"
timely tweet. Someone here just suggested stuffing a turkey with peanut butter and Ho Ho's.
Something about a man in black. #Johnny&June
Just 15 followers away from 2000! Please encourage all supporters of #HBCUs and #PBIs to follow (Pls RT)
I've been spending more time on fb lately...I tried to "like" your comment. lol
I'm a little concerned about that. I think it's more likely that the prof was epic!
Thank you so so much! Means a lot :)
God my ankle is freaking killing me!
Im glad me and my siblings are only related by our mother.
kfoldvik: hope you enjoyed ur first #sla2010 and hope you can join us in Philly for
oh my nose!
im becoming a shopoholic like my cousin...lol.
You better set a Lardy Party date!
at the dentist <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Old school on the stereo right now. Radio Ladio is decent #SpringCleaning music (crank it up louder than the Rug Doctor)
On Jets GM just mentioned Ryno in the same breath as... wait for it... PLAXICO BURRESS! Let me go grab my barf bag.
ill dm it to you..
I hate that adderall keeps me sober but fucked up at the same time.
"Give me, give me, give me love boy, gimmie some love, gimmie ur LOVE!" #NP "Give Me Your Love" Florrie!
Wondering why you don't follow me back. I #DJ @ QBar every Thursday night and promote Hotel #Albuquerque heavily...
The 20 Most Expensive Restaurants In The U.S. via
THIS ONE TIME AT BAND CAMP THIS HOT GUY TOUCHED MY BACK AND FIXED MY POSITION. ..that sounded wrong. Everyone else; hahahahahahah.
Iwanna go with this boy but idont kno wat to say Should iwait for him to ask me out or i should ask him out Mention me N tell me plz
you have gorgeous lips, lawd(:
Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright, until they speak.
If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough. ~Oprah Winfrey
if I am doin that well by the time I'm an old man, I'll take it!
Yup, just as I expected, the Newsies Cast Recording sounds amazing!! :)
I don't disagree with you. At the same time no need to crap on those who are still watching.
Goodnight.I love you,even if you don't see this Tweet,just remember I'll always be here for you<3
Direct payments for publicity is the most widespread form of media influence.
okay then, fuck you
That is my kind of lunch! Love that fish stew (minus the bread of course), but I'd switch out that gin for vodka :)
Mussels are 1 of my fav foods.. Sadies in hollywood was amazing mussels!
Going thru comments on a client's YouTube video & can't stop laughing at this gem:"I mainly use **** to cover up the smell of weed & farts"
#schoolmemories flash mob in the cafeteria with and nicole(:
Happy New Year Everyone!! :)
BREAKING: hospitalized after stroke.
What was the best gift you got on BlackFriday?
Its cold enough to freeze the balls off a #BrassMonkey!! Stay warm #WestAllis &
This Dog Need Some D.ck . !!!
Please... Let's hit our free throws!! #GoCougs!
#ifidiedtommorow id make a difference in at least one persons life
Hope you're eatin good for next season.U played great at end of season&we're real excited about U next year
*Our lady peace.
(I just want to stay home and read.)
Your child will save all mankind. Don't fuck this up. <U+0CA0>_<U+0CA0>
Tonight will be the night that I will fall for you.
has an incredible smile
holy shit this is taking so long
Just ate bfast with the man who ordained me 10 yrs ago. Pastor Dale Davenport a true man of God
Dear Saints Staff, PAY DREW BREES!!!
Didn't win the #hideandtweet game on the westside or south side but had an awesome time playing! Should do it more often!
would free ticket be for that game or for future game
hey, #pbl going ok so far! what's a good warm up to start 2nd and final block per. of working? or is warm up necessary/approp?
big time Bill!
I had that happen to me last night. I had to get up and workout at midnight. Swung some kettlebells in the backyard in the dark
Trying to list every Flyers goalie since 1991 with
Two children (not older than 8) have I Phones. I need to catch up with the times
Grab a #McCafé Mango Pineapple Smoothie and head outside to soak up some sun!
We're working on a campaign and hoping you can help! What are some things that are distinctly Milwaukee?
finally on twitter!!! :)
You too! Happy to see direct messaging on new timeline pages.
let's get together soon!
#FF follow for slightly rapey vibes from the one and only
Ha meant to type tom hanks. You know, the everyman, except I'm drunk and can't type, sorry
Brooklyn Half Marathon is almost near capacity and it opened less than 3 hours ago! Get on it now!
Ebc final last day this is it! See u tomorrow! Only
Pple are overreacting to the snarky tweets of iOS users re: instagram for android. Rich brats poking fun at each other. I think it's funny.
ha, no way! Mine is about Disney Princesses. I have some articles pulled but haven't read anything yet.
RIP Whitney Houston. She was one of the singers who made the eighties a great decade of songs.
Anyone want me to follow them on instagram?......anyone still up that is.
Holy shit!!! All of this painting is getting me tremendously high of the fumes! I NEED to open a window!
- heard this show (game day regulars) was postponed till July?? Are you guys still playing? Let me know.. Scarfo
#AcademySummit attendees: Weigh in: What has been the most beneficial session so far at the 2012 Spring Summit?
Lebron so clutch
Sure I saw u dawning a Chelsea kit at Alterra a 2 times n u honked at me wearing a CFC kit! Keep showing that Blues support!
Ugh, sat behind a tall guy with poofy hair at the ballet & hurt my back leaning forward the whole time.
New Album #Notrespassing #tooshort is Dope!
Sometimes the one you "want" is not necessarily the one you "need".
Fear and Loathing in the Sand Box
Kyle I miss you!
in a good and bad way. its hard being in love with your best friend and them loving someone else.
thx lady!! I watched in a bar w/o sound. Too nervous to do it all at once. Tomorrow I'll graduate to sound....
Let's pray for the 6 people who have been kidnapped by the guerilla in #Colombia, that they may b found & saved
thanks for the #FF. Have an awesome weekend.
dont be shy silly...errbody does it!
Thanks for your live reporting.
Sundaes always make me happy! Turtle sundaes from Kopps especially... so yummmmyyyyyyy. Now I want one :)
Did Ramirez have a double? I completely missed it
We are so glad to hear that!
I have got to get the hang of this thing first.. .Tangi has to remind me.. lol
Are you going to come play airhockey? :) RT : ?:) RT Now I feel like going on a walk. Anyone want to join?
: Tivoli Taste & Toast Thursdays is looking for local artists, chefs & musicians! e-mail
So I'm freaking... just a litte bit...
lol you have followed and unfollowed me 3 times
(Heavy Metal) Kerry Varella & Wisdom "Adulator"
Does anyone know issues transferring refs from EndNote Desktop to EndNote Web using a Mac (works on the PC)? Any help would be appreciated.
Why did god do this to my grandma ?
thanks homie. We gotta look out for each other when we make it big
Hi, my name is Harold Miller, I'm runing for Mayor of San Fran as a writein candidate, check out my plateform at www.haroldmiller4mayor.com
I need 2 get some food but 2 lazy 2 get up
Santorum is more of the same raping of our land and prosperity. bo #RonPaul knows the issues
Fair enough. But no one in or near LA can pay that...? Or no one WANTS to pay that? :)
Asked waitress to CCR our lunch. Manager came out to double check to make sure we were serious. Staff was fascinated by the concept.
have you heard song #boyfriend ???
My camera roll containing a dozen new photos of my pets implies that I should now do anything but continue taking photos of my pets.
- You've got a Chinese 7th hangover. It's the only kind you want to last.
almost draft time B-)
OH YUUS~ sounds like a plan
The video is done :) I'll post a link as soon as its uploaded to YouTube
I know what you're going through
Neat. A universal rack? Or for select brands/models? Put a clothes dryer rack inside your dryer for items you don’t want tumbled...
you finally got a Twitter account!
I love that
My Pandora station keeps switching from Indy Rock to Christmas music every half hour! Cataloging fail!
Free pizza at Preds game from !
I haven't been there in so long! Will have to check it out - thanks! :)
Today I sat in a and was lectured by a It was fantastic!
thanks, dude. I expect my genius to be repaid in beer the next time I get out that way, then. Also odd to me how long ago that seems
Because we're the ones mostly doing the invading and bombing. It is our fault because we control NATO, the UN, and more.
You too!
Aw , Frankie Jonas was on MTV's 10 on Top
RT : WWE Wrestling is fake as shit.... | are just coming to this conclusion now or just sayin? :)
Skip bayless... you have completely redeemed yourself
don't I know it... Thursday was my day.. Greyhawk.. BIRDIES!
Thanks! I got them in the ground late so I wasn't sure they'd make it. Was super happy when they popped through!
Organizing a Corporate or Private event? Send us a message. We are the perfect venue for you!
LEBRONNNNNNNN WADE MIAMI TWITCHES. 3-0 SERIES LEAD. MIAMI HEAT
doing some acting and writing songs for a new artist 'Safro'. He sounds like a cross between Lenny Kravitz and Jack Johnson.
I'm in need of optimization for my blog and website.
We finally made it .. Back home in #MusicCity #Nashville Tennessee!!
The room is #Loud But there's no reason for it to quiet down. Because its only gonna get #Louder 0_o
still having some students struggle to use the tool.
28% decrease in asking for help with research 2005-2010, though lib use way up
Off to #wtw2012! So excited! Last summer, my little sis did their political training & became Prez of her Voting Club!
When it comes to online dating profiles: Entrepreneur = Unemployed
": #FemalesOutHereShapedLike Graham Crackers"<- how does that make sense lol. You crazy Game. But I still love you!
I Know Jb Won't Comment Back Cause I'm A loser and Your Pretty!!
time is the inevitable element of change
Ima Put A End To All This Shit This Week
Elder God Armor
Hey All is now on twitter! Be sure to follow for all of our Podcast Updates.
Life's a lesson you learn when it's through, so decisions made by them should mean shit to you.
Southbound federal at florida is blocked by snow plows
Today my fantasy football team lost to my dads team
The same people that wrote the bible thought that the world was flat.
Thanks! It was a great event this year with excellent weather. I couldn't have asked for a better experience.
haha that's what you get when you hit saturday instead of sunday on scheduling a post! It was fun though!
Exploring Kuala Lumpur for a few.Strange to be surrounded by people of color again after complete isolation from that.
Thats great! We have lots of fun runnin Disney & are usually at ALL the events. Marathon wkend is the biggest though!
There's a Wool Growers in Los Banos? I thought it was a Bako thing. RT Basque cabbage soup satori at Wool Growers' in Los Banos...
#gf #glutenfree Meal Planning Monday on the blog at www.knowledgesafari.com
So my dears, how has your weekend been?
you always know the gossip! Any idea what the defunct pizza hut by my house is going to be?
SO GOOD:
Dead, on my head, wastin time
right back at you homie!! Thanks :-)
you act like thats a bad thing!
I wanted to grab him by the throat. But the computer wouldn't let me.
What's the new kitty's name?
Almost spring break for our students (and faculty!) ... anyone doing something fun or interesting?
awesome, thank you so much! :) Please spread the word!
and California cannot come soon enough.
Optimal.com card sort website and recommending Don't Make Me Think! Love this book!
why we jus,friends, lol.. She wont mind lol
Come see us at tent 33 and 34 today!!! #StPete we're ready to battle!!
haha in my dreams..literally (:
Fantastic gig at Brunos...fashion show was gr8 and place was full...win win!!
I loved that! My pleasure and fun conversation.
Only thing stoping me is the military
what! no way
thumbs up!
We'll see, but I also just watched that whole video about Betty Friedan. Recommend it major!
Do libraries have a right to lend e-books? Seems like a tough argument to make.
:]] i cant stop clicking replay on hes single haha ! <U+2665>
Please... Don't take pictures with your tongue out if you just drank a soda. It looks like you ate shit.
40 full clip
#AOTS I need my #Darksiders2 fix please!!!
Practice What You Preach & Everything Would Be All Good..... Hypocrites
Love the ! Lists walk-up music for MLB players with iTunes links. never works in MLB parks - noise and cell overload
DIVAS NEED LOVE 2
YAY! 800 followers! Thanks everyone. Once we get to 1000 followers expect something special.
One word: #kacieb. She's the only normal one on
What are we supposed to do with poor people? - Philadelphia Inquirer
could you get a little more stereotypical please? Itd help me a lot in class
": S/O to the nigga that told she look better than janet jackson"
I love my HurrDurr c: I can talk to her about ANYTHING! :D
The only thing I'm scared to death of its death its self, other than that there's nothing I can't over come.
Guess who's going to be a "mommy blogger?" on the ? New season of #GoodLuckCharlie premieres on Sunday Night
Just finished this great book. "mike mulligan and his steam shovel." one word: scintillating.
With affection, Coach Self just said KU fans are "realistically unrealistical"
I love bottle rats
Thanks Josh! RT A lot of hard work led to this moment. Can't wait to see where this takes her!
u 2 in my timeline got me laughing so hard!! Bahahaha #zombies #cupcakes lol
RT now c if u fucks wit me mizz and that scorpio shit aint true Leo's run the world// Triple negative!! Lol
Finished the Classic in 69 minutes!
Gutmann: Controlling for qualifications, the wealthy are over-represented by “an immense margin” at top institutions
I want to be identified as a "controversialist" in the biographical note of the finding aid of my archive. I need to work on my rep!
The #ChevySonic get 40 mpg! What would you do with the extra cash you didn't spend on gas?!
yeaHi to the point I need u to call me!
I want to go to Miss America so badly I could cry! ;*(
hahaha. You don't have to tell me I was just asking. Hahahaha(:
but then again..he's almost too good to be true..
I think you'll find that was much more instrumental in the fact that we watched Whip It last night.
Hey everyone! Guess what?!?! We're swarming right now on
is gonna have a badass new cover up for download on Purevolume tomorrow, so don't miss dat
Rich, Father was Gov, but Mitt felt comfortable chasing down & terrorizing kids for fun & laughs
I wish a conference chair/commentator would demand people actually ask questions the way this #IQ2US moderator does.
My allergies have been so over-the-top that I thought I'd have to give up painting entirely. I guess I just have to hug some benedryl first.
I feel as though we've been forgotten :0 prove us wrong!
Thanks for the great RT today. Hope you have a wonderful week!
freezing cranberries & dehydrating jalapeños... must be fall
I'm laughing at #StopHateOnNiall , Nialls the only one of them who I like and do you think that a trend will stop hate anyways?
Pie baking day. Can't have enough PIE!
Had a good weekend selling my artwork in Baltimore. I'll be back in DC this Saturday (9/25) for the 17th Street Festival! :)
Heard in our house this evening: "uh... could you please take his glitter away from him?"
Yes, she did! RT : Esperanza Spaulding is doing great justice to a favorite song.
I want a 5 hr energy...
Thanks for the snow weather people but it only closes school if it sticks
Well salary cap is based on a few things and ticket sales are one of them If fans can talk about players then what can they do
I had both Jessica and Hollie on my list. :) Unfortunately, I also had Brielle. I hope they save her!
I want Shatasha Williams to record "Kelly's definitely in tha house" to use as my door bell chime.
On #WNST1570 & #WNST.net: Cleveland Browns get'n serious.
Camilla trynna put 305 on. Sit you ghetto ass down you wasn't talking that shit on the show.
I have been wanting to try Seed Bombs -- just got some in the mail from ! I'll let you know how they grow.
God, you're so annoying.
You're either a Marilyn or a Jackie.
's Bus Stop did a fabulous job tonight! Have a wonderful closing weekend!!
my life is good!!!
I'm at the point where my bracket is so messed up that I just root for major upsets
Life Lesson: Depending on where you fall on the radar -a privilege can be waived but a protection can not...
it was gonna be iloveryanfromtheoffice but apparently it was taken
I'm such a good lover because I practice a lot on my own.
#oops Indy radio station aired traffic report for the Twin Cities this morning. TC drivers have a Spaghetti Bowl. Sounds interesting.
so stoked for the Big Time Summer Tour!!! Follow me Kendall!
Awesome! Can't wait to see it!
well, don't lose faith in what you're doing. True artists welcome constructive critique. Then tell you why you're wrong. ;)
Still in school....
Happy New Year!Be always at war with your vices, @ peace with your neighbors, & let each New Year find you a better man/woman! Ben Franklin
At a Doctors office, a five minute wait turns i to an hour wait
your amazing in every way and i have been with you since you 1st vid and will be till here till you last MAHOMIE FOR LIFE
Come have an off-site meeting then break with golf, beer and some team building time away from the office. Give us a call! 503.492.2777
Where can I get the NYT in Huntsville, AL.
#MacApp The most amazing part of Mac Apps is to let you customize your device and make it more powerful.
Can't wait to try out my new !
Things about ta go south ... buckle up yo seat belts... and hang on
Nice photo!
We have a blog! Look for our first post to appear soon!
Was just standing on the corner of M & 20th as a girl broke up with guy...the catch? She was married, he wasn't.
Being a queer-identified man in 2012 has ruined my ability to read news headlines about "Manhunt(s)" properly at first perusal.
finished recording for the new Nadus Films project and filmed DVD extras last week.
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet 'Ratchet, Inc'
Tragedy Called Truth at Athens Cine' tomorrow!!!
2morrow's friday[:
RT : Purple $wag..ASAP Rocky...black & garnet swag on that ass for 3 yrs straight...i would leave too
Feelin' it for real. Keep up the good work!
Yes! Heading to educators breakfast now.
Breaking News in progress...RT : Quarantined plane is Delta Flight 3163 from Detroit, landed at Midway at 3:45 p.m.
a tanning salon by my house in morningside !
email me for more info.
Might change my icon to a pic of or :)
#Np "Keep Holding On" by Avril Lavigne. This song reminds me of what you are going through :( I really wish I could help you!
what did y'all change on the new mix? Sexton is amazing behind the board! Lovin the crunchyness!!
Attention: All you pretty ladies in patent leather shoes. I have all my hair and I am sans chilluns.
and the fact that my moms there and I'm not ..... worst feeling ever -.-
good point re: #digdivide. can't have some families relying on outdated #Brittanica s while others on info superhighway.
I'm thinking about deleting my twitters. Hahaha it would get rid of so much bullshit lol
Probably. Your advice stands for those who aren't 100% comfortable walking in to a place of business to sell yourself to them.
51 degrees on January 31st that's nuts
Have you seen the video featuring the Stop Kony campaign? So powerful, moving. Thanks for the retweet!
Such a beautiful day in Dallas, Texas.
Nuggets fans are chanting Kobe sucks. I've never heard so many people lie simultaneously
There were some loud voices in the house this morning about no clean underwear. As if the dresser drawers magically replenish upon opening.
Big things are gonna go down today(:
Adventure time come grab ur friends go to very distant lands.with jake the dog and fun that never ends. ADVENTURE TIME!
Owww. I've only chugged beer pitchers. Girl questioned my abilities. I was having none of that.
Great afternoon for a ball game! Way to go !!
Lazy Sunday morning with my laptop. Wondering if the newspaper on my doorstep is jealous...I may or may not have heard it knock on the door.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
let me in through the elevator ya fuck! How hard is is it?
What's the Key Arena capacity at #bumbershoot? At what point would they have cut off entrance to tonight?
saw him at Rose Bowl, guy is a legit WR
Laurinaitus is abusing his power! RT : Still can't believe got fired last night! Even after he apologized!
we'll see; i have been dallying with Instagram the last several weeks. fun, but a little tawdry.
either - just looking for one of those "can't put this book down" page turners! Hoping the 4 hour flight goes by fast.
Too bad that video can't be used when MLS assesses Roger's suspension! Maybe refs will think twice before next Collin PK call.
We are at USC Campus in corner of Hoover and Jefferson!! Come by and get ZICO!!!
"Therefore, as God's chosen people, clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness and patience." Colossians 3:12
To go to the party this weekend or not to go ... That is the question.
Im like so bored who wanna txt me u can at this number if ur online 1-312-834-9801real number lol just if u think its not *Peaches Babiie*
Woah! I didn't even have to sit on my suitcase this time to close it! That never happens.. maybe bc I'm only going away for the weekend ,lol
Wake up this morning to see following me?! I do believe this is the start of a fantastic day! :)
maury is fuckin awesome right now
Pre-gaming the wvu game, this school goes soo hard. Lex should step its game up
You need to take that surfboard out(; haha, Im so proud of you Justin, you really deserved that, I love yuh! #godbless (:
Thanks for following. please check out our website www.createmoneyweb.com
AH NO didn't tweet me but it's cool i know that it will never happen but I still love her
#ImagineAustin :woah! Do u see what I see?! Alex: yah, that new awesome hat is soo cool!! Austin: not that, her! *points at you* Alex: ohh.
Oddly resentful that today's business lunch means I have to skip yoga.
Failure won't ever surpass me in case my determination to succeed is sturdy enough.
You know how most packages say "Open here". What is the protocol if the package says, "Open somewhere else"?
A closed mouth don't eat gotta speak up
Apparently, it's much more difficult than anticipated to make me presentable on camera. Our team is working on it though!
"There are smart girls, there are hot girls and then there are smart/hot girls. You're a smart/hot girl."
Front and Center! “: is in this month's AMERICAN THEATRE. It's been a good day.”
For what it's worth, is still And also, watch the premiere of their show this weekend on !
Creating remarkable content that draws qualified traffic is much easier when you know your audience's interests
Congrats on Free Radio getting picked up. Loved it!
Hi Ivan, sorry for the issues, please email and they will be able to figure things out. -Brianne
out this thang, studio session..
#87-Jordan Gross-OT-Carolina Panthers
Whats the word on the hosting lick ?
Life is too long to spend it alone, and too short to spend it unhappy. Smiles instead of tears, courage instead of fears. (:
me too!
Slaughterhouse hammerdance bitch!!
#Relationshipstatus: [] Single [] Taken [x] In a relationship with who doesn't even know I exist. :D
This new music video concept I came up with >>>
Who wanna bring me Bacon?
we'll see haha be there at 6:45 then seeing I won't be able to text you
: There are many jobs (postal worker, delivery, etc) where threats are made that have nothing to do with politics. Biased?
I'm with Alimac on this one
I know! I'm psyched that they want interns, because they have such a good rep.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Looking forward to critical mass this Friday.. i'm taking my lowrider bike out... Yeah baby!
why werent you under my treeO.o...Jk I love you and Merry Christmas<3;D
My favorite memory of you is your character in the movie Carlito's Way. AWESOME ACTOR!!
I get To Pound tonight!!
On soon: "Bobby Keough and the Kingdom of the Super Mega Awesome Radio Show" from 2-3!!
Thank you so much!
A little rest and relaxation!
Working as usual .. wishing I was cuddling :S
how the heck does 911 need a 911#whatashow thanks mayor Barry
"Dead I am the one, hound of hell you cry. Devil on your back, I can never die." From the song,"Dragula" by Rob Zombie.
But was his radio show truly a failure?
Then it really depends on how the summer unfolds with demand and summer vacations.~ Doug MacIntyre
Broncos > Vikings.
Home run Carlos Gomez!
You're absolutely right about that. I ate plenty and terribly unhealthy in college. Stayed skinny. Post college 25lb weight gain
The GA #wine highway is beautiful this time of year.
that depends on what bull your talking about
If I spent #rcday2012 by reinstalling and playing Rollercoaster Tycoon 2, does that still count?
Wonder how many people are gonna quote tupac tomorrow on their #mothersday tweets.
oh well thats good :-)
nigga tweet : I LOVE EATING WATERMELON
yummy idea
Kobe lost this game. who tryna argue? Bet I shut you up. Laker fans can't talk about LeBron at all.
I like the idea of #SportingKC delivering a corner in a position to actually get ANY shot off
SRS offers $300000 to spur adoption - Topeka Capital Journal
Can't wait till February...need to know if I'm getting into !!!
My dog got hurt at The Loved Dog. Kids upset he's so different, after weeks & am so sad & furious. He was perfect before he went.
You're a Sgt on your 4th combat tour & have a brain injury. You are a hero. Snap under pressure and kill 16 civilians. Are you a villain?
NYG's DEF is playing inspired right now and Best isn't 100% yet -- I'd go with Torain
song "At All is my shit"
Follow Me Back plz guys nd girls
the drupalcon offer you emailed out, how long can I get that node for?
Q6: be an overachiever without stepping on toes and soak up as much as you can.
OMg!! really did follow me!! OMg!! OMG!! =) thanks <U+2665>
#Libertarian Party prez candidate who hugged my mom, will be on COLBERT REPORT tonight 11:30pm Eastern (on Comedy Central).
The sensible man adapts himself to the world. The irrational man persists in trying to adapt the world to himself.
Thought a guy was cute at the gym but then noticed he was wearing those 5-toe sneaker things
I envy all of you that are going to see the weeknd <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
LMAO !!! You are Funny! watch my first porn..! LOL
tons of fun last night with and gorgeous clothes & yummy cocktails!
Prediction: Niners, Pats
How many dreams before 'til it's considered fate? I'm eating in a world where I'm considered bait.
Did you see last night's episode where a neighbor came out shooting at them in Vegas? Crazy!
Other than the fact that it is freezing outside it is a beutiful day so far!
Now is the time to have a parrot. "What's the President's name?" "Brawk!"
there's only so many ways a video of someone playing drums can be interesting...trying to think of a new one
Happy Birthday to my goon party it up tonight!!
thanks to I now know there are 50 people who are direct descendants of Stanley and Hazel Dahlman (or married to them).
My pee smells like raspberries.
off from school. it was rubbish. x
I feel you forget me like I used to feel you breathe. And I'll keep up with our old friends just to ask them how you are
Thanks for taking part in our conversation!
Greg!! Been a big fan of yours over 10yrs since zenon!! loved u in everwood, and still do in rookie blue..keep it up!!
great shoot yesterday as ADAM on the feature film "PRIVACY". New week... great news & shoots coming up!
So thankful I didn't get like 300 mass texts this year
Yep, the much needed snow, true. Northeast part of COS looks amazing, really beautiful!
Hornover: what one wakes up with the morning after a night of getting too horny without release.
mirasol displays are premised on principles of #biomimicry - impossible without environmental stewardship.
Illy stick with the quickie, I'm strictly speed dating.
RT : "Danny Coale, no matter what those officials said, you caught that ball" U.S. Sen. Mark Warner
Peyton needs to find a team that needs a QB that is on the cuff of making playoffs...what about Denver?
It's a beautiful Monday in Chicago, and a great start to Thanksgiving week! Hello and welcome to all our new followers, can't wait to chat!
I think Megan Fox is #beautiful ... ;O
GOODMORNING TWEETS! S/O 2 MY NEW FOLLOWERS
Great meeting reps from , @, etc. and dancing with everyone at opening party!
Cons: Tastes like it's name - a rock. Blech! Sounds like you would enjoy Boulder Bars as much as I enjoy red meat
Awesome! We would need details regarding permits and applications. We are very interested!
my ankle hurt
The NBA is canceling training camps - does that mean we can get some of the to come promote
depends on what you eat but typically no. I love Thai food.
ok we can one day when we both dont work, my number is 9640298
Diving anywhere sounds good right now. Full disclosure: I've only ever snorkled - in Tobago tho.
and yes, I am an asshole.
can't wait till Friday (:
all this darkness going on outside is making my house dark too making me fucking sleepy.
I Want The Money, Money And The Cars, Cars And The Clothes, The Hoes I Suppose, I Just Wanna Be Successful..
k Mikey junior/Tyler junior
Im just saying u could do better
I Heard It Was "Gay" To Turn Down Pussy ? :\ Umm Last Time I CHECKED I Aint Feindin' Over NO Chick, I Get It Enough To Deny It, Do You ?
Today is going to be a very busy... Oh, wait, is already Monday! How come?
how did you get the zebra to sit still for so long?
Callin it a game, smh Giants
Hey y'all! Stop by #FreshPond #WholeFoods between 4 & 6 tomorrow to get some sweet #deals from !
“: Launching another #DMB Cover video contest for May tomorrow. This time, for a specific song.” needs in on this!
im coming home next week...lol!
S & M carpool
Heading back n the house now.....I love being around men who shoot straight from the hip. WOW....not 2 many of them around.
It has been a great year for my band. Alot of growth in musicianship and venues to play for....thank you to all the salsa lovers.
I ran this morning so I'm about to shower. Maybe I can meet you there? Which one?
Weeden = Derek Anderson
If you are getting married in 2011 you need heck out Madisons Wedding Showcase! Follow them
Quietness Sucks -___-
I am very excited to continue on this journey with new family members. I cannot wait to see what God has in store for us! Thanks Dad!! <3
getting dressed. summer jamz in a lil bit
30% for me. Yeah, guess the "hide your child's gender" thing isn't a new phenom.
Wistful acoustic strummer covering "Time of Your Life" by the river taught me you can never graduate from the high school of your heart.
Best way to learn your new city? #run it!! Easy run before tomorrows long run
Lol - you just sleep afterwards. Simple. Problem solved. :)
wait Thunder? lmfao, he calls everyone nephew.
Hey Taylor! Are you currently searching for an apartment in Chicago? We're a free service and would love to help!
No more Egg!!!
have fun! i'm jealous - that place, and the people, are magic!
just made my year brighter by rapping again, do your thing scotty
First five people to retweet this message receive two free tickets to opening day of Summerfest!!
when he begin taking birth control pills that's when I'll give a damn!
Follow these great tweeps and you'll love them
Nice joke on Ustream, what u gonna be for Halloween
Playing golf with a person is great because you get four hours with them which can be more beneficial than a 30 minute business meeting
the address is on our Facebook page, in the event. There is a small venue that they named the Hoosier dome. Idk y its named that
Hi thanks for the follow! Have a great weekend.
Thanks, Doug.
We'll have to check out Bandwagon - thanks for the tip!
hey its jay from pretty girl swag lol hi efe
Well, That Looked Familiar Just like in last year's regular-season finale, the Yankees couldn't hang on against the Rays in their opener.
The audio ads in Spotify pause when I mute my computer. Pretty sure NASA is behind this.
holy shot if you do that idk how I will even manage bahaha
BECAUSE IT'S PERFECT AND YOU HAVE ZERO FAT
I got a new Kitten :D
wishes your family a very merry day today!
Collecting flashlights isn't weird. Sometimes I open a drawer and find a flashlight I totally forgot I had.
good job today nol
Good morning! What kind of day will u have today? Well, it's up to U! NO ONE controls ur day...U do! Whatever happens CHOOSE #PMA !!
Even if it did we would send you another, Haha!
Isn't it weird how people talk shit about you, when the only thing they actually know about you is your name?
let everything play itsself out Imma love thanksgiving break this should be interesting
She said lets get going weve got time.
Loved this!!! 1922 -- the year Ezra Pound called "Year One" of a new era.
MandelaArt to feature a limited selection of Nelson Mandela signed prints on GILT-Luxury brands at one time only prices. Visit Gilt Aug 3-5
#BlackStudies is transferred to job market 1. in terms of self-preservation for blacks in corporate America
most of the time. I eat about 80% healthy and 20% what I want.
Lol talking nasty.... nawh I just speak my mind
yeah even tho i asked for 6 :)...
When you are trying to get out of the aisle at the movies, and you have to pass by people, do you give them the nut or the butt?
I hope this game sets the tone for the entire weekend
CONGRATS ivy leaguer ;) RT : Grades are out and I'm graduatinnnggg! *cartwheels down your TL*
the sound of a drum.. better yet, the sound of a guitar <3
Me : Sophie you smell so good! Sophie : Of course I do.
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. - Benjamin Disraeli
If it's worth tweeting, don't delete it!
It's not a hate crime, Jim! I don't hate you for wearing a dress. I hate you for ignoring your body type! An empire waist? You're all legs!
For? lol But your welcome.
Everyone please follow for me? They follow back <U+2665>
Keenan is already going to owe me when the football season starts. This bet would ruin our friendship.
stay thirsty my friend
your music .... #ILikeThatAlot :D
My cat, Abigail, recently turned 18. Does this mean she is actually 9?
that's not that bad. :)
#ThingsIwantTheMost a strong immune system! I'm always sick -___-
Well.... That sucked. When is opening day????
you are the luckiest person I've ever met, well saw on twitter. lol. I herd that place goes for 5000 for one weekend. . lol.
. I don't know what text is on the vellum manuscript binder's waste. Something in Latin about demons.
6 things off the to-do list before lunch. but lots more to do.
Got them awesome weekend plans lined up? Our's are gonna involve some homegrown Austin tunes...how about you?
yeah I don't think tara is as excited as me...thats sad seeing as how I'm 18.
Proud to announce that my son Sebastian has made the Hollywood Hills 10 Year Old All Star team ... Just got the call
For who ever is takin finals have fun fuckers ill be cookin while ur stressin out
Home my dad got lost we end up in east new york but then I found the way back home I saved our lives
Boss and sales manager filled me in on things and I can see why she has NO interest in training me or being nice etc :/
anyone from san diego up in this tree tonight?
I caint believe this shit mane. I aint neva seen a church so pitiful in my life.
Wonders what it would be like to film some of dumber Facebook #status updates would be like...
did you pass along my gratitude to Luke for me?
Laser Hair Removal: Underarms $50 per session!
Ah, that pleasant "ding" that tells me code successfully pushed to prod.
I can't wait!
Show TODAY at Times Square Arts Center at 3pm!
Offline. Where has Zac Efron been my whole life? [x
#SHEILA NM anyone?
Maybe will have to come up with a very fatty hummus plate...hm
Happy Birthday
thanks Miriam! Next one is May 30th at Sullivan Hall in NYC
New to Long Island's youth: methamphetamine. It's cheaper than heroin, and may be the next drug of choice for those unable to get opiates
My son, Paolo, was born at 6:34 pm today. It was extremely tough but Heather made it through.
#TheOffice premier tonight! yes
Too blessed to be stressed. Too blessed to be stressed. Too blessed to be stressed.
Daytona State College will have all e-textbooks next year. Bell calls it "blunt force approach"
After a series of leaked prototypes, it's almost a given that Apple Inc. will unveil a new version of the iPhone on Monday.
Ortiz need to knockdown Mayweather to win the fight. Don't think he can win on decision. Big bucks waiting between Mayweather & Pacquiao.
Hollie in the bottom 3 on AI??? That's crazy.
That was exciting
It's going to be so weird when I go to work and don't have to use the time as my personal study hall.
then why do you have one?
I know right?
It makes him feel hip. Let him have his moment
you looking so good can't wait to see fight !
aw thanks girl! It was such a pleasure!Did you read the letter that I gave you & Megan ?
i will Lay.
hahaha poor guy
Thinking bout going 2the movies tonight!!!!
Carroll: "At a key procedural turning point in the criminal justice system, who makes the decision?"
#Rockies Moyer's single to left was 50th hit of his career (matching his number) and his first since May 2, 2010.
Off to the green mill
Cinnamon sugar toast m
Aww I hate when I put incorrect punctuation in my tweets!
boats n hoes
Check out what's going on here: www.facebook.com/collaterallive
the wedding dress that Victoria is wearing? yes, that's what I want mine to look like! love it!
“I’ve learned that people will forget what u said, people will forget what u did, but people will never forget how u made them feel.” -M.A.
Day 3: Oakshire Brewing Peanuts & Beer. Come taste Uncle Buds Deep Fried Peanuts while you enjoy a cold one.
Salsa, Salsa, Salsa Friday! Join us for lesson then the DANCE party - Tonight starting at 8pm-1am $5entry
thanks for follow! Will be happy to retweet your news!
#dodiis2012 listening to NSA CTO CIA CIO, imho: use and preference for Open source software looks to be a done deal
When he tells u that u have big boobs and a nice but :) hehe
: swear if you dont stop postin about the heat . Llol
KODAK Gallery Is Ready for Mother’s Day with Unique Gift Ideas
Ha. Starlin going all Zambrano-esque in the dugout!
Okay then... we need to coordinate our calendars and sign up officially!
I wasnt there ;o
thanks! have the best day :)
"Public history projects should engage and empower the community, not just students" says Prof King of
Your beliefs don't make you a good person, your actions do.
One more week--just do it!!
Thus the contract impasse. Tough to put a value on such untraditional production
story of my life clothes, glasses, walls, car - I hear you!
how do options work
Actually bought new cd today. I think she is going to forever be my favorite person ever.
Sore throat
Looking forward to seeing you all again this weekend!
Yesterday on the way to the bus.
sure!! I won't be able to read it today, but I will tomorrow!
Corner unit of HarborPark still unoccupied....
I have lots, dm me your address.
It depends on the comp. Usually its just roll out foam, if it's on a podium it's a little better. But sometimes it's spring
you would just be high 24/7 on some foreign russian lsd.
Attn Douchebag on the MAX: Yes, we can hear the Eminem you're blaring they yr headphones. No, we are not impressed.
ohh i love dem . except i dont rlly know jordan loll
Bloggers!: Want to host a contest for tickets to ? DM us!
#PlansForSummer ...nights I can't remember with people I won't forget :)
some odd ginger stranger just walked into the house.
I stay being late!
So, who are all these people?
That place is always a sure bet to be worth seeing.
lucky girl
wish you would notice me :/ 5
Samhan of : There is always the worry about ghetto-izing & a danger of letting larger society off the hook.
Good Morning TwitFam!
Wow, great to hear from someone who did it. I'm looking forward/dreading it. It looks challenging, but also well needed.
This is your best reality show, it is truly reality, get to know the real you:)
Omg rachel is messiing up OMG
that would be awesome if she could just run around the bar!
I sent you some but I was fucked up in some of them((: Ohh well
What did one saggy tit say to the other saggy tit? If we don't get some support soon, people will think we're nuts!
doh. “: A database issue is causing a high error rate across all pages. We’re working quickly to restore performance.”
Correction: someone tried to steal our van and left it undriveable. #reallysad trying to figure out how to get to now...
That awkward moment when you think you see and hug him like a child who's meet his mother for the first time, and it isn't him
go watch Buckaroo Banzai
hey can u please follow me please
How do you get offended? What does that mean?
I am going to tweet my head tonight.
Follow Me PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE??
Agree; streaming is almost worthless today unless your (my) son loves Thomas the Tank Engine. Still seems likeliest impetus.
Thanks for the RT, Beth! We love that quote as well! :)
Thanks for all the Kings love in your predictions! I think were a year away, but the love is much appreciated!!!
mentioned Obama & Romney both have polygamist grandfathers, what does this mean for political climate for women?
Robyn is kinda like if Anne from Arrested Development took some jazz dance classes and was in a popular 80s cover band.
RIP MC-A
Thanks! Keep reading for similar posts about endangered languages and threatened heritage sites. Hope you enjoy!
Most painful shot ever
"I wasn't that drunk", "Dude, you threw bread at me and yelled, 'DON'T STARVE, KATNISS! ' "
re-naming every room after famous Milwaukeeans. which room should be the Christopher Latham Sholes Typewriter room?
S/o to #youngNfly nice meeting you. #LeisureStylist ;)
#Seahawks bringing the
HAPPPPPYYYY BIRTHDAY!!!!!! your finally 13!!!! Love you soo much from me and
#YouBelieveHavoc if you think reality shows are "real"
DM me. I'm happy to send you one.
dude, yer awesome. When are you coming back north? Hope yer good!
some consider him still. I have yet to see any improvement though
goodmorning single lady:)
hahaha. Yup. Sure do!
you just ask Stew to marry you.
Is looking for a developer to work on developing an animated children's Book app.
Fascinating! How much per ounce for that gold?
11 years ago this morning I called "What are you doing tonight?" "I guess I'm going to dinner with you!" Happy Anniversary!
You mean asians? Nah I think those are a myth.
I wonder if the clothes in China say, 'Made around the corner.'
Join us tomorrow at the to celebrate "Underwater Parks Day." Learn more about the new #marine protected areas in
please if u follow me u made my dream
Rudy spose to hit conley in the corner!
Who wants to learn some super hot salsa moves? Oh yeah - is teaching tonight at La Fogata 8pm
People who live in larger cities are more connected. More friends, strangers & stay connected in other cities. -
Went 2a hot breakfast spot&they were out of pancakes? Thats not ok!? Um, there should be a sign on the door! Is Starbucks out of coffee 2??
Dinner will be a beer and all the okra pickles because I'm playing a shitty vegan for the night.
Why Linux is a desktop flop
Ohh! How'd that go?:)
Can't wait till I have an apartment, can it be now?
In other gordon cup news. Delbarton wins over Mo beard 10-5. Delby put on a shooting clinic out there!
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 31
I have a whole tip sheet I send people now. Will send!
So pleased with the warm reception we've received on Twitter thus far! if you were a fan of Roy and Dale we'd love to hear from you!
finally home ! doing homework and going to sleep. long, but amazing, weekend with my love. , hope your sleeping well.
Sofia Vergara is in literally every commercial
Who let Vinny Del Negro coach the #Hawks right there?
Thanks again to all - esp. Nora. Always such a treat.
It looks like blocked it because of copyrights
Take better care of your temple. Prophet says no caffeine. WE nEED U!
well no! We ALL need to get togetha! Don't be tryna have a gathering w/o me!! Lol
lol here but not in a red hoodie
J FUCKING COLE
IE Wanderlust~~ Typical for Jen Anniston movie. Guess Spring Training can get dull BUT aint there any topless bars in Ft Meyers
UDSIS 9.0 is up and running! Please contact IT Help Desk at x. 6000 with any login or access issues.
That reminds me. I think a comedy show about an internet startup could be pretty good. Still waiting for NBC or HBO to call me.
I cant describe how much of a fan i am n 140 characters but i have mad <3 4 wat u have done n who u have became FOLLOW ME <3
Yeah it's on. I don't like Pitino, but have loved Cardinal B-ball for years. Worse is that I'm a big Buckeye football fan.
What did you think of last night’s game?
Ya that really topped the night off well.
Beef? Chicken? Seafood? Blub?
Be true to yourself Amanda don't let hating bitch get you down
they have both, but the one I videoed is solely Choctaw. It doesn't translate well into English.
check out the Parish Market! we have loads of wonderful Southern goods, like homemade root beer ice cream and local honey.
I swear my school piss me off
Never mind.
Follow and look for us we takin over Va get with it
I can change my direction. I know I can. Just not sure which way to point.
having an inseam shorter than the 3rd John.
Out-of-whack sleep habits can cause diabetes « DiabetesNews
I really hope someone starts calling Mitt's acolytes "Romulans" soon.
happy sweet sixteen
Let's get another
I'm in Cherokee, NC at a small rally. Just another rape the biker week! It's no wonder the rally is going the way of the phonograph.
you are the reason why i am here..:-)
RT : The wealthiest 400 people in America own more wealth than the bottom 150 million Americans. -
is rolling his eyes about kittykins and the box. But he also had delicious pancakes, so we're all winning tonight.
Watching Mari Smith
We're at 228 fans... let's see if we can bump that number to 300 by the weekend. Tell your friends about us!
Nothing is more painful than realizing he meant everything to you, but you meant nothing to him
don't beg me to talk to you.. if i want to talk to you, i'll talk to you.
is now in FULL SUPPORT of gay marriage!!
There`s always one song.. that fits the situation a little too perfectly.
check out They Rock!
In an office looking onto North Park Blocks I've seen lot of crazy stuff. Seeing a homeless family there now might be the most heartbreaking
Thanks for the follow!
Holy God, help us to know your ways; teach us your paths. Lead us in your truth, and teach us, for you are the God of our joy and wholeness
"What would you know about microhouse?" said the brave little fox.
Congratulations, Lindsay Rodkey! () You won a free race entry for our 2012 MTB series. Look for an email w/ details! :)
This is the season for blessings, prosperity and abundance. This is your season for abundance.
FSU can't win the ACC. Good luck with UT/OU/OSU. Have fun paying the ACC exit fees.
WORLD EXCLUSIVE! Kristin Meise in her first and only interview since her best friend Ashley Falk committed suicide. BTR 10pm/CT. Tuesday
Is Walmart really playing my favorite song EVER?!??!
Great Saturday..good food, wine and family.
I can't imagine that's actually getting them more volunteers, but who knows..
ROAD TO THE CUP JUST TOOK A DETOUR
1st thought: 1) get caught up 2) get caught up 3) get caught up. Yes, I see the problem/pattern here! Have to reframe & simplify!
love u 2 Camen but u still need 2 text me.
Debating is heating up at #OPrint over the purpose of journalism and how Twitter plays into the promotion of false info
Welcome #Spring! Enjoy iced green tea or lattes on our outdoor patio & enjoy the sunshine.
RT RT : “Genuine forgiveness draws us right into the heart of divine life.” – Marjorie J. Thompson
Be like Bit** u got a fuc*ing problom haha
Yeah.... this was me. Beware coworkers :) RT OH: I'm already wireframing! We're making shit happen.
Get your shit together, >:(
Main event time. Drake Younger vs. Jimmy Jacobs in a deathmatch.
I advise you. Don't mess with me...I know karate, Kung fu, Judo, Tae Kwon Do, Jujitsu, and 28 other dangerous words.
Off to photo shoot then practice then promote, promote, promote in this great city of Chicago!...tweet!
on stage receiving distinguished UW fellow award.
we should make some more of that stuff
How about this one? Unscramble! SAAFLISSCITNOIC
Piercings on guys other than their ears <<<
Haha, if I hear that song one more time....
Have fun at the beach! What book are you hoping to read?
Most kind of you to mention me today. Much gratitude.
what's up dro
What if I didnt?
Your Vigilant Pipe Man bowl has shipped USPS priority mail and will arrive Saturday. Happy Toking!
#hcmmconf I curate if you guys didn't know
Also, congrats to Demi Lovato who also is the new judge on The X Factor; miss our hanging times. Hope you enjoy this new journey <3 Xo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Happy Thursday Coopsters! Where will you be eating your corned beef on St. Patty's Day?
I always go for the taco but that sandwich looks delicious.
Long ass day ever... but I have to admit I did have fun!
Citizens spying on the state? Orwell had it backwards.
Beaumont #kroger is still open in fayette county... are there any other businesses open? Should all businesses be closed?
Ok Girls do you really gotta send a nigga a naked picture . -____- knowing there TUMBLR , INSTAGRAM, FACEBOOK, TWITTER. BITCH THINK !
You know what will happen when he's gone. Screw every promise she's made you, She'll just disappear. All cause of him.
Just really started using instagram follow me <---
R.I.P TO THE THREE YEAR OLD
yeessss. we are such fails. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Not famous yet, but I am determined to make it into the music business
Please send it to me when You're finish.!
loudest Carver crowd you have experienced (yet) last night?
your friend is a liar
Poor Steelers....poor steelers
I wanted to call and tell you #happymommysday but I remembered heaven doesn't have a phone. Iloveyou & imissyou! #ripGrandmaandAuntie <3
Fantastic, inspiring presentation! : Pam Sandlian-Smith Anythink keynote
Just got back into the office from a full morning of meetings in Tijuana. Amazing how much Tijuana grows every day.
New York and New Yorkers are just better at everything RT : Niners party turned sob fest. Awful.
Inception's gonna rock!!!
#WLCTwitterFollows from the WLC literary community
I knew this type of life didn't come with instructions
#np chokehold really loud with the window open. you're welcome, neighbors.
What a great Christmas I ate lots of Tamales, Psole and lots of treats. I hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas.
Celeste from Toronto says I can afford anything I set my mind to!
hey, I like that hunny!!
just bring some clothes and stuff.
Question of the day: What is the value of being on the first page of Google for your business?
Oreo Ice Cream<3 ahh something to calm me down<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
"Yes, Hermione, I think this is gonna be exactly like real wizards chess!"-Ron Love me some Harry Potter movies!
yeahh haha but it'd be awesome to have tons of posters for them there, glad you're going!! :D
Goldberg: reading testimonial play that represents "the noise of trauma"
While you're on vacation, do you set the alarm to wake up or do you let yourself sleep late?
thanks for showing victim photos of the U of MD Riots Im sure dinner will taste just as good tomorrow when I get my appetite back
Wait, who is this guy???
I am not u. U r not me. Don't try to walk n my shoes. Don't tempt to b me. U cannot survive A lifetime of wut I've been thru. SURVIVORMAN.
Maybe I should run like every other person in college station is doing right now.
#2 fan! remember that time you were gushing over Ovechkin's ability not to get called for icing?
FOLLOW ME PLEASE! 5
I don't know why I'm just seeing this now, but thx! Lol!
Really getting into the Rhapsody Music site, anyone else gravitating to these kinds of listening services?
I have sent email as per your suggestion. Thank you. The experience has been awful.
Is that the actual Memorial day?
Hi Jason! Thanks for the RT!!
Okay, seriously "Foo Fighters" sounds like a next type food dishat a restaurant. I'm mad they even thought of a name like that.
. I started #takecaretuesday as a weekly reminder to make/renew commitments to yourself. Lots of ways to put yourself first.
Just another one of those days plucking around. (I don't know what that means either)
Thanks! I will check it out.
Going to put in my two weeks notice at work...why do I always get so nervous?!?
I never said that Rand Paul had my son's blood on his hands. Paul stalled Hr 1254 in 12/11. Max died in 6/11. However
A lion wouldn't cheat, but a tiger wood
Bronson: "The best of my recollection is I put the wine glass in the kitchen...and crawled into bed at about 7 p.m."
#Ellen8Million I LOVE ELLEN! <U+E106><U+E022>
i bet he left w/ his bros already. .
Mother-in-law: I baked two kinds of cookies today. Would you like to takeyour pick?Son-in-law: No thanks. I'll just use the hammer.
Good morning Europe. Follow Us to get best poker freerolls bonus codes
Build just enough to test your hypothesis then let data guide your intuition
V. Curious @ this MT is talking @ citizen history + how social m helps expand edu impact of museums
MY right hand (: I miss you.
... heading out to see a performance of The Misanthrope by Moliere.
happy to you!
amazing! Can't wait to try it.
Those are the best kinds of vacations! Have fun!
Every one make sure y'all become a fan on the Facebook Faytal The Franchise
Today is a m'kay kind of day...
You fugg with me, i fugg you wayy harder
Most Christians forget to "turn the other cheek.", just because someone isn't religious, doesn't mean they don't believe in God.
Wrestling with a transition: incumbent material winds down nicely, but isn't leaving enough substance to initiate the next thing seamlessly.
YOURE A WHORE! ;) and goodnight! i love you! <U+2665> and figure out that chem problem :)
17 hippies-- pretty decent painting tunes this am- following a mozart opera is an abrupt change.
Line is out the door at the Man, that sushi movie is popular.
Ones who *won it 3+ times - Wilt, Russell, Moses Malone, Bird, Magic, Kareem, MJ, LBJ
For anyone who is interested we have huge discounts for anyone who wants to help spread the Moirai word. Details soon!
Follow to stay up to date on this year's Youth Day events in Baltimore. cc
Have any of you seen the movie 50/50?
This is bad and you should *feel* bad! ;-)
When People Take Things Up The Ass -.-
Right ! Notice we said, 'stop and look up in historical bldgs.' If you look up while walking, that might not go well :)
Thanks Sierra Club. Gov. still testifying
fucking awesome. used to do that ages ago.
In class writing lyrics. What's everyone up to!
Currently doing squats while tweeting this in gym class! Torture!!!
Where in ABQ is the best place to buy your green chile?
My panicked puppy woke me when the thunder started. Now I can't go back to sleep!
I'll entertain such enthusiasm tonight. I was fond of Messier.
How have you been Robbie? It looks like business is going great for you guys! -Adam
oh. Well thanks for caring about me.
My eyes are so bloodshot, but i cant go to sleep :(
Happy Friday peeps....homemade pizza and cold brew to finish off the week!
Nominations for Reaching Forward awards are due March 31. Winners receive FREE registration for ILA or Reaching Forward....
When you don't have a plan with your finances you are making mistakes which will lead you to disaster.
mane nun thuggny
been at the pub so will not do the math. Minus Huntsman, 100% of Repub candidates are foreign policy idiots!
I do enjoy cooking, especially when I have someone who enjoys eating, lol!
u look fresh to death on the voice. I love your style, and that WATCH.......
Man I wanna go to #PassionandPoetry !
Hope you like Tweet Deck!
Neighbor lady gave me tix to the Rooster Day Rodeo. Never been to a rodeo. Might have to check it out!
Still waiting....
What hurts more - physical or emotional pain?
Cook & Brown for dinner.
RT IF YOU LOVE YOUR GIBRALTARIAN FANS! l
I really, really, really hate working out!
RT : despite age difference; wondering if Hawk & Sherman White ever squared off?
WHOA! Look out! Slash, how ya doin, homegirl?
Treat it as candy instead of gum RT : Fruit Stripes gum is the best gum in the world....for 2.3 seconds.
oh hold up, there is a hot track that has emerged.
It has been said that they hold the event and can either make or break the event.
You know what I miss about winter? It's always the greatest excuse to cuddle
Oh! Ack! Then it's time for . . . chocolate! xx
poor , not included lol
Wherein I pretend to be Rachel Maddow: #bestnewthing in the world today isn't new, & it's often the best thing, & no surprise, it's coffee.
best part about this episode is your headline.
Ludacris is a weirdo
what you doing!
What a great day in Kansas City
haha that'll be the reason later!
#ireallywant to get my hands around the neck of those who take advantage of trust and bully their way to profit from it all.
Good morning #lajolla #sandiego! A run this morning proves this is the city for #animal lovers. Happy doggies everywhere :)
WINS against 30-5 to make the USA D1 National Final Four! CONGRATS Metro Men!!
Discussing possible rule changes to help curb the NFL concussion problem. 248-848-1130.
:-) thats gud to hear you just made my day I've missed you too
My decisions around what to have for dinner revolve around whether to put on pants to answer the door for delivery.
Ryan Clowe with the empty netter seals the deal! Only the 2nd 5-goal game since Feb 16th for the
I invite my fellow citizens .. to set apart and observe the last Thursday of November . as a day of thanksgiving and praise to .. our Father
“: u performing somewhere tonight?” no just practicing. I will be performing the 25th at Vintage with
applying for a pre-development grant
right there! *points hoof*
I just got a new staple gun and have been using it all over my room
sounds cool
At the prom....wonder if all the adults should show these kids how it's really done.....
Lol cuz I wanted to be on bus 3 and I don't know anybody that's on bus 4 besides you
to do what in downtown? lol
Food is the mission.
haha hell yes!
Teaching about environmental problems leading to climate change, starting a section on pollution, any resources out there?
wasn't convinced that community management doesn't work -- sorry
[ ] Single [ ] Taken [X] Secretly dating Christian Beadles but he doesn't know about it! Muaahah!
Today on the bus: a sleeping clown in full outfit.
Even though you've been following me on twitter I wanted to thank you again for doing it!
Gotta start lab report no more distractions
Man Im here in LA, & I saw alot of people sporting UT Austin wear. Theres something about a girl in burnt orange :)
don't be mean danielle... some people can't help it
First call to purchase a $5000 table for The Salvation Army luncheon gets an autographed Cavs Jersey Call Kristi at (216)623-7449
also I'm moving to Sonjas place next month. She has an extra room and said if i ever visit you she's coming with
#Imagine u just met yet he tells you to stay backstage and after asks you out on a date because he believes your his dream. <3
Chargers Win!!! Sweet.
THANK YOU EMANUEL TORTORICI FOR JOINING THE SKULK!!! <3
are you hanging out with wedding planner extraordinaire David Caruso?
WOW. Glad for your input but DO NOT AGREE
re: "Companies that are financially successful tend to be those that make the biggest impact." What type of impact?
Sounds cute! I'd love to see a pic!
good to hear you're getting back on the wagon. We'll always be here, even when you fall off!
thats the day I'm waiting for haha
Merry Christmas everyone!?
Fashion Trends, Ethernet Storage and Network Convergence in the ...
Angels of Transparency message: It is important for you to know the 5th Dimension is there, ready to welcome you all
My little girl who's 6yrs is telling me about her trip to Whitewater last night. The Greek yard-show daddy was great.
100 crunches will make you lose .4 lbs
Present for intern's first use of a microspatula. Yesterday was a sweet day indeed.
Best TV show? Brad Meltzer's Decoded of course!
Good luck! I am curious in whose lobby you are waiting.
love how my 1st period teacher is still going strong with teaching and all my other classes are like whatevs. ha
Me and the boys been snuggled in the house all-day today omg we need snow so I don't have to work Monday
Where are your favorite DC drinking spots? Let us know
5200 with only 11k back I rip 28k they both fold.
Thanks for being so awesome to appreciate Burn Notice. You are just a super swell dude. :D
Once you have feelings for someone, it will always be there. You may not like them anymore, but you still care....
is the perfect way to get this foggy Friday started. Thanks, !
:D Let us know what you think!
There are some anniversaries you just don't want to celebrate. :(
i just wanna say- i love you- and i like your awkwardness (even though you really arnt awkward.. ^^')
trying to find a couple other excuses to get out there, trust me if I was close enough I wouldn't have missed
Read 'Rumsfeld torture suit a go' and thought 'Donald Rumsfeld designed a suit that tortures people?'
Good morning to #vegmoms !
Hey, hey, good lookin', whatcha got cookin'? How's about cookin' somethin' up with me?
Right now (East Coast) is on
what about elyasova?
Just hit 110,030 votes for Favorite New Country Band November 2010!
Happy Birthday Kyu! :)
And flip-flops! RT : It's going to be 50 out today! Does that mean it's okay to wear shorts?
I think there's this sort of *shame* culture surrounding admitting that...(1 of 2)
Take it from me adam richman is a better pick me up than dark chocolate I love his messages
Some people are just so rude! Shut up? Who are you to talk to someone like that? #growup!
If you are at Consol we commend you...so proud to be in this city right now
Next week :D
Filming. Filming. Filming. Done by tonight and uploaded.
If Zoe attracts 1/5 of your family's musical genius, it'll be worth it. ;)
Thank you for the RTs & mentions! Have a wonderful weekend!!! =)
No apologies! RT : I want to thank everyone for making those past 4 years unbelievable. Sry we didn't win the big one.
They need someone to light a fire in them. Some of them just look like they're just going thru the motions.
complete! Party time
These college commercials are cheesier than Doritos
Thanks. Same here. But I'm struggling gettn up at 4:30am. Can't wait for him to get his license. The Boys played very well.
IN 24 HOURS AND AND I WILL BE WAITING OUTSIDE OF THE FOX THEATER FOR !!!!! <3
#fostermoms have a wonderful day and thank you
Goals for the new year meet and and get them to be my new best friends i doubt it will happen but a girl can dream
Plus, very exciting to me that students and professors are discussing ways to be more transparent in archival practices. More studies!
Honestly folks, you don't have 2 tweet every damn-fool thing that comes into your head - especially B4 the body's cold.
Ah needs an "graphic depiction of suicide" warning label for things like Rules of Attraction.
If you stop by Fenway ask some one who works in the player parking garage, they'll be sure to know!
radio edit/street version/instrumental/ acapella as well as his bio/publicity photo.check your gmail inbox
hahaha! It is the world's best kept secret! The icecream there...also incredible!!!
that may because at one point you didn't have an option "is" was automatically added
threads thursday: wearing
TONIGHT - TECHNO-LOGY with guest DJ's Justin George, Lou Jon-Son, Matthew Filth & Zim along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!
You deserve your own hashtag
quick resolve, much appreciated. thanks for the awesome support.
why arent you allowed to shop there?
Andre Grace #ideaseconomy : building a tear-down city in the desert every year. Failure critical component of innovation...
"If I knew it I would : Lol ... Call that marco polo brah"
Favorite part of the avengers... When the Hulk did T Hawk ultra 2 on Loki
dont listen to them. You are NOT ugly!
@ I'm watchin' y'all!
I don't back down from challenges!!!
<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> THANKS!! We need to talk again <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
About to be inducted into the Honor Society :)
The promotion site on my profile can help your promote yourself 4 free. :) Please follow i will follow back!
hey Lucas, that really u?
Please! follow my best friend I followed you back! please follow(:
I didn't think that game would ever end lol. That was grueling.
it's ight bro and thanks !
I know, all that work. Gone. I'm going to have to copy my posts before I hit any buttons from now on...
are we still on for day 3 dinner? what are we making?
Following - crazy social experiement = free coffee!? yes, please!
pumpkin, ghost creek
1 shift to go then it's birthday celebration time!! Can't believe I'm turning the big 24 tomorrow.
30+ images from the Dave Niehaus Memorial at Safeco Field last year on the way throughout the day!
;) ima hit u up weneva i get home today
First day of Literacy Tutor Training for June went great and we are excited to have new volunteers come through orientation today!
I cannot wait to see the new Marist renovations materialize.
because i have the ugliest smile ever no no no
lol right!? Ughh...I want a sexy boss...one who isn't married or attached lol...sent the story...can't nap, must go to class 0_o
it will be 'vintage' by opening day next year.
Had a blast at Linda Perry's recording studio last night for the An Evening With Women Kickoff! United with powerful men and women and look…
Good morning! “You can do anything you wish to do, have anything you wish to have, be anything you wish to be.” - Robert Collier
Used your #TaxiMagic app yet? Set it up and you can book your cab, follow its progress and pay all in one! Get it today! www.broadwaycab.com
same here. Always good seeing you.
lets follow for follow.
Life's most persistent & urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King, Jr.
trying so hard When no one cares the trouble you went through to fit in
#IWD Kick-butt women , artistic director, and , financial director, founded Glade and run the collective every day!
you know,about the wrist and yeah...
Nice to know you are an asshole...welcome to my blocked list douchebag.
dm me your number!
A beautiful day in Chicago the beaches are packed, my laundry is in, Im debating between checked and carry on, headed to Philly in a bit YAY
no. i'll go see you though!
RT : All five of Anthony Collins' assists Friday came in 5-min span of second half as USF extended lead on Temple from 3 to 14 pts
what color?
welcome to twitter!
Writing new material for my Praise and Worship CD.
Jus wanna go home
Press on! A better fate awaits thee. Victor Hugo
so than it makes perfect sense I am at the soundboard
Aw thanks so much! :)
I better be invited! lol
thanks so much dude... Hell yeah Mexico City!
i love that your blog has a permanent page with a picture of julie andrews on it. this is probably why we're friends.
RT im about to contact fox 2 i have story I want you to do the report
"There are more things in heaven and earth... than are dreamt of in your philosophy." -- 'Hamlet', William Shakespeare --
I want coffee scented perfume.
#thewalkingdead Filming for Season 3 starts in May. And there will be a mid-season break in winter. Thanks
Tomorrow, Masterclass at La Roche College in Pittsburgh!
I got to watch Ryan Gosling, got to watch a 73' Malibu. Good movie.
It was great! We were glad to participate.
Peter DeFazio on the committee, as well. Should make for some interesting fireworks with Beutler.
Okay but forreal, goodnight.
Its not like a cold or something... I might have bulimia. D:
NO I'll give u something better.
Big thanks to the lads & cat of pipeworks. Videogames, beer, 2-way mirrors, a stair master and an inspiring story.
When you ride the #Alaska Railroad, make sure you _____________. (Fill in the blank)
Do any white people actually go to CSU?
"I've left something in every town I've stayed; but as the fog begins to recede; I realized it's nothing that I need" (rock out the head)
A lil birdie told me I may see you on the 24th? Please tell me this is true :)
Sounds fine to me.
Get ready! Our "Summer S.T.U.F.F." contest is coming up and there will be many chances to win lots of great prizes. Details coming soon!
Starting off the week in PT is about as enjoyable as starting off the week at the dentist.
Guy who just walked into Starbucks with boxed wine, you are a douche bag.
Who gotta phone they dont want
I already can't wait for next year's basketball season
If I Follow You Follow Me Back That Simple - BAM!!!!
Exactly! And -- cheers!!
so true I always think that but than I'm like nah that's a one in a million chance
#FF the wise seem absurd these days.
agree with both of you. Like Brockers. Tremendous 2 down player. Limited pass rushing skills.
lol RT : Is Rihanna giving herself a pap smear right now?
I'll be at the Martini, holla. “: ha ha ha ha ha #bang #oooppppp”
Gosh I'd love to watch the on TNT. Come on no one wants to watch this game... No LBJ, Wade. C'mon man.
Congratulations to all #ASTD2012 Awards winners and especially to the wonderful !
": I smoked a box of blunts for breakfast!"<<< not the thing I want see from any young person. A BOX!!! Not Good.
2nd Call Me, Maybe.
People who moved to Oregon in 1860 were pioneers even though Lewis and Clark got there a half-century earlier.
Reason 68588 - you have a hole in your face now. LOL
#FollowBack Photographer | Graphic Designer | Video Director
I'm in a #StoneTemplePilots kind of mine!!! Yeaahhhhh, let's rooocccckkkk it out!!
Contracts Admin. Ft. Laud. Strong understanding of lease documentation, interim funding, and perm. syndication. Exp. drafting lease docs. h
- Ha, thanks! I wouldn't order from the same co. Ink is coming off. Thinking etched next time (but costs $$)...
a new adventure everyday!
#aatc keynote with Stephen Gold talking about Next generation of computing.
there the sweets guys ever. There hugs are the best. Idk how many I got.
Hard for me to say, but I think not. When I took a web job in '96, I had same issue as bloggers have now. It's not "real" media
You're welcome Cara -- have a great weekend!
<3! I'm wearing 80 tomorrow! RT : Looking forward 2 Driver holding up that trophy to the fans just like Reggie White did in '97
Your Spirit Is Too Busy On Everyday Tasks While Your Awake, But When You Sleep You Dream Of All You Wish To Accomplish While You're Awake
Conservatives resort to lame arguments about gay marriage on religious grounds b/c there is no constitutional one to ban gay marriage.
i just sent you the e-mail(:
Listening to "step" by KARA
Busy weekend!!! game tonight, tomorrow, game again Sunday! Hope to see slide down a few times!
RT : Man it's epic outside y'all .. How you use "epic" out of all words? Lol ni**** just like using the word "epic" lol
"how you like your eggs fried or fertilized"
That's good!! Have a blessed and enjoyable weekend!!!
My girls just wrapped a cinnamon donut hole in a piece of ham. So proud.
Only self-confident people can be simple. If you can't be simple, you can't be fast. If you can't be fast, you're dead in a global world.
As a hockey fan, I am proud of what Portland accomplished dont hang your head. You are loved
Oh people, don't miss the Field Museum exhibit "Whales: Giants Of The Deep"! January 16 is the LAST day.
cnt wait for this tour whoop whoop Love ya!! <3
Deleting twitter since I don't tweet much. But go friend me on Facebook Ashley renee martin.
But go figure, she competed in a swim suit competition and she is absolutely fit and gorgeous!
#BillBrady is crazier than a badger with bedbugs in its beard! Concede! So we can get greased up for the mayoral election! Ol' Floppy 2011!
True. My rooting is way off. At least I limit it to one tweet here and there...NOT 1,432 A NIGHT ABOUT MY LOVE FOR LEBRON!
Never count on making a good sale. Have the purchase price be so attractive that even a mediocre sale gives good results-Warren Buffett
Thank you to the Sacramento Natural Food Co-op for an amazing Staff Party yesterday at the Blue Cue! We hope that you all had a great time.
Welcome new members
Yes, I can understand that for sure! ;-) I'm sending a DM in a min!
5 more mins till I can drink the weekend away
thanks never going to look at pandas the same way again
Nice to be back in touch with my
I need a really tall man in my life
omg runners!! Whenever you want, maybe some challah bread from market?
We need volunteers/mentors for our programs, espec. for Newark BRIDGES. If you'd like to volunteer, call 973-624-9535x124. Spread the word!
Seems like it.
Happy International Women's Day to all women!!
And what you need ironically will turn out what you want to be, if you just let it…” — Lauryn Hill
Loving this episode already!
When is the wedding? <<still activating dignity>>
ok then ;P
Hahaa #whiplash RT ": Wolverine ": This is disgusting .. Niggas was holding his neck, screaming in pain 2 mins ago.""
don't forget to visit www.threeapparel.com today!
Who knows now days?! The term needs to get lost, the days of 9-to-5 are over.
Totally agree!
No problem. Shout out to my man Andrew Kryzak.
Follow our 5/16 Social Media Breakfast Sponsors
I got an A on my test!!! Anybody happy for me???
Thanks Geoff. I expect disagreement. That's ok. it's people who completely close their minds which cause the most concern. thx
RT : Check out this great article about in the premiere issue of !
Gee, I'm the only one tweeting from the Digital Middle Ages conference. Imagine that!
You only fall in love once, the rest is merely practice to make sure your heart can take it.
their spring seasonal sample. It's pretty awesome
put a picture of meir your phone!
Real friends don't talk bad about you behind your back.
official Project after party Tues Feb 14th you better bring the whole crew its going to be AMAZING
Packers schedule has 12 wins screaming all over it..
I've not listened to her before, I will definitely check her out. I fawn over a fantastic narrator, that's for sure.
My crack-up at this typo freaked out my subway car. "Sorry." RT Former NC Sen. John Edwards has life-threatening hard condition.
Yay for straight As in grad school!
walking tacos are great! Prob shouldn't eat them on the reg, but worth a try at least once if you've never had one!
Phone with while he cusses at his xbox.. <3
I want to go to the beach>.<
today. Chicago entrepreneurial scene coming on strong! with a nice mention.
Thanks for the mention!
me and #TheKids are about to get it in
RT I#amazing #tellingproject #Baltimore. My friends' stories never fail to move me.
I love you motr
hahaha... Are you kidding? I hear they're serving spaetzl in heaven. Awesome...
He just tried to jump back up. Epic fail. Probably would've made it if he had all four legs.
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)2
here I go sidebusting from left field. those writers, its their opinion. stats don't lie. check it
Happy Birthday Erica. Hope you have a great day and feel better. I love the fire you bring with your tweets. Good night.
that sounds exciting!!
Thinking he needs a bathroom book of quotes RT : "if u are part of my family, I will love u violently" - Charlie sheen Lmao
Roaring fire in the fire place (as opposed to throughout the house, which would be bad.)
31k after many ups and downs, I am running like complete crap
now following back
We knew you'd do it! RT : 51237, validated & official! I AM A WINNER. HOLY COW, I CAN'T BELIEVE I ACTUALLY PULLED THIS OFF.
I LOVE dancing w the stars!
Thank YOU! It is always my pleasure. Stop back and see me soon. www.FlapperGirlSings.com (needs to be updated... ugh)
Society has cats way too afraid to be themselves. It's an external stimulant causing internal change, and most ppl don't recognize it.
when iam i going to stop doing this to myself
Forget u seens kind hard to do it BUT stop having feelings for u...it's possible and i know that cuz i already did it...;)
Times going by so slow! Wth school needs to end !
“Clap your hands, all peoples! Shout to God with loud songs of joy!” - Psalms 47:1
Congrats to Buck Showalter on 1000. That's pretty incredible!
You probably don't get what I'm meaning do you?
Hi there, I'm new to running and I could use some tips can you help me out? Please and thank you! P.S. any good running songs?
No matter what time of day I pass them #mightyTaco in Henrietta has a line out the door.
Werk!! sitting with a babypink wig at easter dinner
Hi Anna! That's very funny! Nice of you to say Hi!
When temps go way up,nerves get frayed,arguements escalate--bad things happen.Alot of times its innocent bystander tht pays price.smh
Watching Duck Dynasty, new show on A&E. If you're a crazy duck hunter, like me, try it.
ISA event website updated wrapoff2009.com
That day you decide to get up early, but stay up half the night texting. You go to bed, then your alarm clock yells at you a minute later :(
Happy Birthday To Me
Dani Lowe is an indie actress starring in the film, PSYCHO KILLER BLOODBATH , which won Best Horror Film Feature at AOF International Fest.
..HARDWORK BEATS TALENT WHEN TALENT DOESN'T WORK HARD #REALSHIT"
About to kick butt
#iThinkofyou when other people tell me that they are in love
How you give up back to back hits to Ryan Roberts (.198) and Miley Cyrus (pitcher)?
I'm horrible about regularly checking blogs, but always try to if I catch a link in a tweet. I need good RSS feed I guess. :)
“: My tutor gt into a car accident. Say bye bye to A1. :-(”
"Though research shows consumers that are FB likes are much more likely to buy a product, make recommendations to friends."
Only a few hours left! E-mail us to win a copy of The Freshman Survival Guide!
The woman outside , pretending the little boy who spilled coffee all over her wasn't her kid? Yeah, that was me.
Drink Water To Lose Weight - H - zaxxaa <U+7684><U+90E8><U+843D><U+683C> - udn<U+90E8><U+843D><U+683C>
It's ok, I don't really expect a mildcat to understand how to use a computer/ smart phone
Spice girls & woodchucks. Hello.
There Goes My Hero.
Off to Orlando tomorrow, for some fire!
That looks great! I'm still new to Seattle, where is that?
Come on girl, you've got one shot to be with me You know you drive me crazy, But I know how to take your breath away so lets go
Do you want to be TWITTER OF THE DAY?
I'd hate to have to replace all my wonderful Nikon lenses. :-/ RT“: Just wait for the 7D Mkii for a camera to beat out the 7D ;)”
Nope. Also, no nudity in this one.
Jamba for breakfast lunch and dinner. Literally.
Diet is very important for a sharp mind, staying focused, and prolonging life to enjoy success
I love Reggie's medallion! Haha!
@ the doctor and the restroom requires you to enter a code to get in...really? You need that kind of security for a bathroom??
nothin' like a texas girl.
lol, can't do much verbal chitchat so Twitter is my outlet :) they gave me some scripts but I'm sticking w ibuprofen 4 now
Free for All Friday at 3:00 ET with Scott & Cheryl and Dr. Jeff! What are they up to this time???
Can't believe it's summertime!!!
Solid picks for the Colts tonight!
this is awesome. let us know how we can help!
I'm going to the 7 show in Peoria and will be sitting up front. Wondering if should wear sunglasses to protect from the pale?
How Come My Room Is The Only Cold Room In The Whole Damn House?.
If you lack temperance you shall be a slave to your desires
Midnight in Paris by Woody Allen is ENCHANTING, see it with a loved one tonight, & I LOVED it! Opening TODAY
It's because I know the person involved, not because mom doesn't want me to miss out on breaking church news. I'll fwd the email!
I LOST ALL MY MAJOR ARTIST'S NUMBERS PLEASE RESEND TO ME 2106779291...I APOLOGIZE FOR EVERYTHING...MY CELL CRASHED ON ME. JUST TEXT TO ME
Team Heat!!!!
We know a great tattoo shop in Nashville you should check out... :)
If you read anything out of character on here, just remember it might be a hologram
So do you like Byrzaster?
this was the worst season of biggest loser i've seen. i started watching at season 8. bitchy people, awkward rules, breaks from traditions
My Freaky Side Come out Around This Time LoL...
z-index + IE7 CSS-randomness = gray hair
We are excited to be a part of it again this year! It is always a great event.
listening to tesser sound effects...can't wait for the first day of tech!
Come see all the trucks. no rain after 12 pm. Save yourself
Sounds like a good plan! :D
"Write down a skill or subject you know well enough to teach." Yoga? Powerpoint?
End of school, start to a long & busy weekend! =) Homework, tech, 4H, training... Wouldn't trade my life for anything <3
Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong... Calvin Coolidge
Lots of big names in Ohio sports in the room today
Join us this Saturday, Sept. 25, at 10:00am for a block walk with Dr. Elba Garcia and Clay Jenkins! 2912 N. MacArthur in Irving.
is justin bieber online??? plzzzz tell me !!!!!!!!:) thanks
IF MOS WANTED CREW DOESN'T WIN ABDC, I WILL COMMIT.
:D Thanks!
Tripping out on a vid explaining the new video/movie editing interface called Tamper. Woweekazowee, it's so... sci-fi-ish...
Santorum pulls out.
So I made it out of #Ikea alive! It was crazy! Now time to have some furniture. :)
You want to fuck so badly? Then go fuck yourself.
We're shooting a commercial for Rio Grande Credit Union on Thursday. Think globally. Bank locally.
We are the light of the world:)
Drinking wine and it is so fine. Really it is.
Garbage time
Franklin with the put back dunk to give the #Aztecs the lead again 43-42!
didn't think of that! will have to look into that. still $135/person just to ride the ferry...
when that one person you really want to talk to sleeps in all day <<<<<<<<
My mind has just been consumed by invisible monsters.
Booking shows for 2011
"Accessibility is Not a Feature: Integrating Accessibility Into Your Projects" is May 18 at MLK library bit.ly/9KMQE9
Thanks! Hope you enjoyed your first official weekend of freedom! Haha :-)
If you follow us and we do not follow you back, LET US KNOW before you unfollow us. We enjoy the tweets from all of you! UR Hollywood!!!
I am a Murray State U. alumni. I write contermporary and historical fiction, short stories, and poetry, ebooks and print. www.lindaswift.net
I'll be as patient a boy in love could be
that's crazy! why, I grew up with air conditioning in Texas, and Texans are perfectly, uh, ur, and well, uh ...
CHECK OUT THE VIDEOS ON OUR PAGE :] HAPPY SATURDAY
people are so un appreciative
it is a little ridiculous.
Went downtown and found 2 new off the wall ideas for head-shots & engagement photos. Hello! We are ready. Special spring pricing.
UPS dropped off my packages to my neighbor. Thankfully, I have honest neighbors.
The has taken the #blame for the #Massacre of #49 #bodies being found on a
I just saw you in it :)
How far along are you with your holiday gift shopping?
Big difference. Kobe has rings. Kobe WANTS to take the last shot. LBJ = no rings. LBJ defers last shot. Hope you are well.
The internet is a strange and amazing place. is live tweeting
Really excited about being on my television tomorrow.
Thanks for the RT of the LinkedIn article
Can you share with those of us who unfortunately couldn't attend?
MUST follow today: - Live tweeting from the Clemens trial where Andy Pettitte is currently testifying.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou - no one likes you ;)
WE appreciate the follow.
Can't wait! I'm sure it'll be short though. :) RT : YOU will get a special, glowing chapter in my memoirs.
I could use an iced coffee right now ._. - JET
Thank you, Maria. I'm proud of YOU! :)
Atlanta Stamped Concrete Contractor www.ConcreteGeorgia.com 770-380-5277 Driveways Patios - Stamped Concrete Looks So Real Very Affordable
lol i went without appointment doe
Overheard at the peace pole dedication at Findlay Market.
Sorry about that. I did an email search and saw that I registered under a username that I rarely use. Thanks for your help.
Why thank you, I thought they looked great tonight as well ;)
#1dfact niall peed in the last hour
How lucky are we to know Mary! Thank you for tweeting! Lori
new video last man standing is mad crazy. Good shit homie cant wait for the album
": #favmoviequote I'll going to run my nut sack on ur drum set!!!"lmao. I love that movie
Shopping works out one's want muscles.
Thanks for the follow :)
was this a typo?
Lazy day<U+270C> waiting for #oomf to get off work so we can Skype. ;))
Come join us this Saturday for Mini Marathon!! It's cinco de mayo so Perfect Patron Margaritas are a must have! We're open at 7AM!
Asians are stronger proponents of diversity. Have greater range of friends of other ethnicities
Regional championship tomorrow. Holla.
I know it sux :'( why cant they put it back up??? Im getting tired of pandora :/ :P
Nice Ana!!! Look forward to having a few cold ones with you guys during the #FedHill Spring Fest Tomorrow
I can't I'm going out:( monday
CORRECTION! the new writer workshop is CANCELLED due to an editorial conflict. the new date TBA!
thanks for commenting, Byron!! Glad you were able to make it.
Thank you very much for the kind RT!!! Hope to see you there.
It doesn't matter who you know if you can't execute good storytelling.
Cool stat. How goes it, Eddie?
Students faculty and staff you can now get pints of ice cream Spread the word. Pls RT.
Why isn't the right screaming religious persecution over these cases?
We're loving your pics! Thanks for sharing.
Thanks for the great presentation, Loving
People are going to jail for weed here in ohio, See how nuts that sounds?
We've launched our Google Adwords ad campaign. Inbound calls for teeth whitening with some website updates are in our future we predict.
Anxious about an event? Rehearse it in your mind. Go to the smallest detail. It'll help!
If this wasn't a power play, that's a goal. It's just how things work for this team on PP's.
It really sux not having a phone again:/ oh well. Going to a concert tomorrow :)
I think the officiating for this #Thunder game is terrible. Dirk is being overly protected and the Mavs are getting away with everything.
citizens against brown people and Muslims worldwide, and entered us into the longest period of armed conflict in our country's history, and+
(Niccolo Machiavelli) Ambition is so powerful a passion in the human breast that however high we reach, we are never satisfied.
Premiere for something I wrote October 1st, and I didn’t see it yet. Nervous and anxious at the same time.
Gallery gambit
Now I'm afraid to check my email in case I get another nasty-gram from the panel organizer...
If you want to tweet about the Ethnohistory meeting, I created a hashtag,
Making Spanish food with twitterless Sara and (:
Good morning world!! Thank God for another day<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>! Couldn't do it without him!!
Have you tried #instagram on your #Artwork? Creates a cool effect, although nothing like original!
Why is my teacher a dick? Like hea just an asshole in general.
this is my last one to beat and it's so hard
don't be sad /:
UNCLE SIMON
Absolutely shocked at how hard the #NFL came down on coach peyton and the #saints. #harsh #excessive and
Intermission at loving the show so far!
A Japanese study concluded that listening to your favorite workout music can eliminate symptoms of fatigue during your exercise routine.
AND singer friends, if you haven't heard, Fischer-Diskau died today.
#IfTheseBlocksCouldTalk #UrbanLegends staged reading coming up at 2 pm. See you then!
yea im not gonna hold it against them...it just was a major bummer
Thanks for following my twitter account Rick.
People that anger you, control you. I don't give that power to nobody!!! Pshhh <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
Hello Friday! Wishing everyone a #goodhairweekend!
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out. Anton Chekhov
I'm on a boat. Fo realz.
We're in the 1st floor lobby.
:O!! #pinoypride :D
Brah, they cuffed you for that bullshit?! Trespassing?! Cmon, man!
At work hurtin... Lbs
Just applied for job #617023. Thank you for the notification!
Thought of the Day: “Don’t bunt. Aim out of the ball park. Aim for the company of immortals.” - David Ogilvy
Still can't believe it, my mom caught my sister's hair on fire at Easter Vigil mass. I feel like my family lives in a sitcom.
RT : AMAZING performance last night! MUST SEE #ALICE (in wonderland) blew us away,COSTUMES were out of this world too!
I am waiting on the dam mail but i wont get what i am waiting for untill torrow dam it..it feels forever..
But will you enjoy the return trip? ;-)
Doing a twitter test for work :)
yep, the wife and I are moving to DC.
To delete my social profiles or not to delete my social profiles...that is a tough question...
South St. Paul runs away with a 12-1 victory over New Ulm in the Class 1A quarterfinals.
More like 10 12-team conferences perfectly aligned. Then just have the best teams play in bowls, then vote on the best.
Walked out to my car as someone was trying get in it!
no classes together this year
ive been in this horrible habit of only eating two meals a day, and eating one of em not long before i go to bed. gotta take the time to eat
Lol I know its just funny RT : :) shidd its true.!
because we went through all 30 days in April? RT : How is it May already?!
If you guys haven't listened to yet, do so. Their music will melt your face off... in a good way. -zach.
Haha. You shouldn't, I'm HORRIBLE!
Reminder that we have a show coming up at the Rogue Bar next Monday, lots of great music and we have lots of Light Rail merch. to give away.
Shuffling that happens in the WP_Embed class to get it running before wpautop().
other than complaining a/ foam, I am doing good, though I am working today.If you are #wsj soon, let's grab a coffee! How r you?
What chemistry?
#TimTebow got lucky today. he's not good. why do people think he is? #AaronRodgers back in action next week. thats what matters
Thinking the same... RT The Future of Media is delayed by technical difficulties. Ironic.
Shall I wear some more sweats to school ??
Listening to - Edgar Meyer : Bach unaccompanied cello suites performed on on double bass............zen
I wish I could go tonight! I will still be tweeting though, so I'll be there in tweets! What's the hash tag for tonight?
Milwaukee's Best. On stage with drinks with fruit
no prop thank you :) cuzzo
and I love all the Josh time! Thanks so much for your support!
NUGGETS!!!! Hold on guys!
A quick snack before my next training session. Lean hamburger, brown rice, beans, low fat cheese, salsa, and my weakness...tortilla chips.
#Cereal is better as a late night snack than it is for breakfast!!!
Shoutout to kawhi leonard for still rocking cornrows
tweetin from my tv !!!
its outta control, 2 folks already fainted.
Time to work out!! What parts u guys think I have to work out more??? Comments so I can work out more on that...
Packers #1 seed in the nfc... Go Pack!!!
He needs to get his stock up … RT : The Chief Financial Officer for Pandora is named, Steven Cakebread
I know! :o
: re: The Hunger Games,My potential g/f said to me during The movie, ”only Lenny can rock the gold eyeliner & still look manly”
yes megan
Saving the planet! One community at a time!
nipples? Then nobody will notice your socks!
Or the secondary is just hat bad.
dm your address :)
Ah ready for sleep. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> We see our pool/backyard design at 9 am!!
Someone may have said this already, but I saw in Ballet Hawaii Nutcracker program that Wicked is coming to Hawaii in Nov 2012
Lazy rule # 18460826292036391273639018263920273820183737473920383930; You were too lazy to read the whole number .(:
Newman is driving me tn! #huge happy birthday on the way
No e-mail. Would love to go, but will be in Iowa City. Let's figure something out soon!
Uverse vs. Brighthouse vs. Comcast. #Michigan / #Detroit people, which do you use, and how is the quality and customer service?
ill be waiting :p
In honor of we’re drinking the John Daly: Tea, Lemonade and Vodka. You?
It will be early afternoon. 1:30ish I'm thinking.
and you didnt tell us you would be there!?!?! why???
totally. They won't kidnap you. No.
OK HE SHAVES ME BETTER THO.
Dunno how you miss that kick. But what a game...
Billy Boyle, World War II Mystery by James R. Benn, narrated by Marc Vietor is my #fridaylistens. Boston cop turned US army PI. Newish plot.
“: Thanks for following djPilot.com and itzT-shirtTime.com
Kanyes mad ignorant but hes a nasty rapper
It's already 57 degrees! #KSTP Traffic is also flowing in the Twin Cities. Enjoy!
Go Angels! They aren't out of the game yet.
The Paris Wife is depressing, but good. Makes me want to go on a Hemingway spree. Maybe some F. Scott too.
Here's something new and diverse for me; shooting an MMA fight on April 27. My kind of job.
That shit wasn't even real.
nah ;D i only like it when you stalk me nathan ;) hahaha
Thanks guys. Glad you're enjoying it.
Sounds like fun! RT : We have our open #CSGpainting class at 6:00 pm - 8:30 pm Thursdays. All skill levels welcomed!
Paul I luvved that Tyson took that pic of the crowd "surfing" that birthday cake up to you! :-)
Much love to my followers
#ConfessionTime I don't listen to "hardcore" anymore.
Sweet jesus Miranda Kerr.
The rest of my sessions are on the Genealogical Speakers Guild track. No tweeting allowed.
what do u mean? Why
Just caught up on Project Runway Allstars.The Judges were wrong. You Deserved To Stay.I Don't Want To Watch Anymore...
Faith and doubt both are needed - not as antagonists, but working side by side to take us around the unknown curve. Lillian Smith
and a prosperous and Happy New Year too you !!
Hit a fitness plateau? Shock ur body & get results. Cross training is key!
I submit that Tom Waits's character in Mystery Men was basically the same situation... - DvL
Caleb King jailed for alleged assault that left man with broken skull ...
Just so ppl knw, I AM DEAD HONEST about what I say on here. If U Don't like it, then don't follow, simple as that.
Thanks for RT's and MT's , & #VAlueYourPower!
Hot damn !!! boosie done pulled an Orenthal !!
the long walk... and not the stephen king novel.
tried to say goodnight an hour ago.... #noseriously #GOODNIGHT #maybewheni'madjustedtoutahtimecanichatlatelikethis
Guess I qotta reschedule my day nah...
": Taking naps during school like I'm a preschooler>" wake up nizow!
Today is a b-e-a-utiful day :)
I KNOW.... But we'll bounce back
Underrated Michael Douglas movie.
TX Wesleyan completes sweep of Big Easy Challenge in New Orleans with win over Dillard Univ who is coached by famous Bernard Griffin.
Pre oredered Up All Night Live Tour payed it with my own money yay! So happy :)
and just remember the choice you made is with you through everything and you wouldn't give that up for anything.
yea and that money be out the window before you know it Smh
I have not gone yet...which one...Do you mean rubios I love that one
Break a leg! Chocolate your chocolate!
While we're on the subject (because who knows when we will be again), DO castrated moose grow antlers!?
ready to carry on like a fool
Fuckin Your Ex Is Cool...Sometimes
I'm often jealous that science journalists have better access to scientists when long-term ethnographers and social scientists do not.
Lol so no sitting still gotta get it
I'm so jealous
Nominate your favorite startup to present at the Seattle Angel Conference
Tony Bobo and Cowgirls lose after coach Garrett ices their own kicker. Ha!
Family, religion, friends.. these are the three demons you must slay in case you want to do well in business.
Im a keep doing my thing and fuck a hater kuz all da do is no how 2 hate
Time to get right. Cups up
Why no DC 10 over the GREAT fire? $56,968 a day to rent. five day minimum -- the crew was in Texas anyway--plus they got it covered
Feminists are OK, I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one
Memphis was awesome. :D
Nothing to do. eating Chinese food yum it's so good!!:))))
ahh nice! thnx for the tips!
huge fan Rob, could I get a RT while I patiently await the new single/album
We have great limo rates
wouldn't the Third Ward just FEEL better? I think everyone in the ward is just jonesin' for some pita-love!
I love school so much.
You let me down , no where open before 5 w/food on Sun? saved it.
“ The allstate commercials when the man always get hurt >>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>”
Wow!! Thank you Paige!!! Have a great day today!
“: Headed ur way”who's way, my way. Great lets head back to Roscos. My treat.
Great find...I've already contacted them about attending the school here in Madison in April.
today: bike. tomorrow: photos. sunday: beads. monday: adventure.
have fun in new zealand.. miss you here in new york xx
How can you help? By sharing our posts with a music lover or inviting a friend. You will be part of the plan and help generate the...
That awkward moment when you accidentally leave your dad a voicemail at 2:40 am about spilling bong water on your jacket. Oh yeah,
holla at me wit hood shit....
Got shredded by the Astros last nite <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
what's the configuration that enables me to call down a swarm of ribots? and is that called a ribotdos or a ribotdotting?
RJD2 tonight at webster hall. Stoked as all hell. play making days longer and you'll MAKE my week
My Name is Franklyn Omar Duarte Galarza and you name
Gone with the Windfall
Friday massages at work = win
Your choice, not mine~~
damn who's that?!
YOU'RE FOLLOWING AUSTIN MAHONE?! I've met him you know
just followed them
I understand!I lost motivation for a month.Now, completely motivated...but don't have the time to write!
Loving the fact that I can just lay around tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
“: Outdoor spaces: Art should be a sculpture and NATURE. The art of the garden :-) Keep it simple. #intdesignerchat”
First of all, it was not a strip bar, it was an erotic club. And second, what can I say? I'm a night owl. -Marion Berry
seriously Youtube i dont care about political ads.. I just want to watch my freaking video!!!!!!!!
What a night for yoga! Cheers to all who made it in, and a reminder that the 5 classes for $25 is good thru midnight Wed. <o-= (mountain!)
Who uploads a picture in their bikini to facebook and puts "lifes to short to even care at all" as the caption...
I'm not going to have some reporters pawing through our papers. We are the president. ~ Hillary Clinton
just swore into the DC Bar. licensed in two jurisdictions. learned some stuff. there are 93,000 members of DC Bar. that's a lot of lawyers.
I wasn't calling you one youre just naturally a faggot
Happy Vday...reach out and tell that special person that you love them.
yea yea yea...go ahead and call "shotgun" i dont care...cuz i called "bazooka" :P
Rest Means More Energy to Spare. Are you getting the rest you need?
move your guatemalteco ugly ass to another place lalalalrala <U+2665>
What are these magic shoes of which you speak?
Tonight we close. It has been truly fabulous. xoxo #firstprize www.kefproductions.com
But i cant tell . Cause all its gonna do is cause problems .
maxwell can't wait to get you back!!!!
RT : lesson from cloud computing summer school: if you have no internet connection, having your data in the cloud sucks...
lol yes! With my dad!
I think if I were a woman I'd wear coffee as a perfume. ~ John Van Druten
Are you there, Chelsea? is so not funny. Don't make fun of redheads. My mom is a redhead. And could write a better script than this show.
Thanks SISSSSY!!! I hope I see you tonight. Love!
#NationalPrepTipOff Tourney Championship Game: #Kiski School vs. Bridgton Academy of Maine. Tomorrow at 1:30 pm at Kiski School! Go Kiski!
aiy, please pass on my congrats and props to Scottie Brooks for being the West Allstar Coach. And both yall keep it up!
Looking at the old chris brown videos , awee now I remember why I use to be so IN LOVE with him :p
I mean wouldn't that be more resistance to pain or something other than strength?
thanks dad. And for the record cal is ganna snag 5 of the top 12-15 recruits.
Actually when I don't know anything about a race or a ballot prop I usually skip it.
looks great guys!! Can I put my name on it too because I don't have any cake mix?
What a beautiful day to be stuck inside.
#HeartHasAMindOfItsOwn By Download link in description NJOY!
I just farted in the elevator.
nytnyt and sweet dreams buddy china~ love you so much my dear buddy~ hope you had a great day <3
if english is the national language per #mittromney and why then do they attack each other in spanish TV ads? #cnndebate!
Okay Was Up
Near a TV? Flip on to watch the Red Bull Signature Series
yah yah you convinced me!! Ha
No worries! It's by 's door with a postit note. I'll just return them when I get back, thanks though!
ouch hurts...
I kind of liked the the lying aspect of the FCAT. False construction of knowledge. Preparation4 career in politics.
Whoops, thought I was following you. Life is GRAND, my friend, just grand. How about you? :) What are you up to?
She gave you the best cooking, the best sex, treated you the best, always looked the best for you,& you cheated w/a worse chick?!
Last time I was on an was a 24 hour worldwind tour for the 2008 NIT Championship for The Tiger. Seems like just the other day
Thank you
Congrats boys! You deserved it! Couldn't be more proud of y'all! <3 xo
Spending some quality time down by the fireside with Ruby on Rails today.
#teamfollowback Whats everyone's plans for the #holiday #thanksgiving?
This Junior Seau stuff is sad. Guy was a beast on the field.
Mayberry is a cool place! Great seeing you this past week, btw :D
Johnny Cash tunes by Big Smith, BBQ, Cold Beer, and ah the Patio Tonight! Get the Bikes out Boyz.
You know you frequent a pub a lot when waitress sees you come in and immediately brings beer and asks what were having w/out offering menus.
busy week in music for c'ville...great lake swimmers, the dead, dmb with ocms, thao with get down stay down, and Fridays after Five begin...
was thinking same thing. we're seriously desperate for some good news huh?
Ice cream man!!
People prank calling me is highly amusing.
#smart girl with a dumb booty lmao
Share your experience with us by tweeting us a pic of your meal for a discount! Great way to eat well and save some money!
it's ok! Lol
Thanks for that - I had no idea who you were - we just had similar interests.
Placing all my bets on Take Charge Indy in the #KentuckyDerby. For obviously reasons.
I kind of wish I could read Boehner's mind right now, but something tells me it smells like fried bacon in there...
You should have the investigators from Finding Bigfoot on your show. Get your shit together #Sasquatchis real
Putting Gryffindore on the map, Neville goes #1 beating out Andre 3000.
It's not the will to win, but the will to prepare to win that makes the difference.
Paolo Nutini's song "Pencil Full of Lead" always brings a smile to my face.
Exactly!" Stress Awareness Month is sort of funny - I don't think we need a month for it because I'm VERY aware of my stress."
hahahhaha & :P STEELERS are going to the superbowl :D
RT : unfortunately, NJLB remains an unfunded mandate from the IDOE
Let's make sure it isn't me. I like my life... so far.
German engineering dude!
Must win tomorrow night for #Panthers... schedule gets difficult in remaining 4 games. Have to beat the worst team in league.
How can you tell if a violin is out of tune? The bow is moving.
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox.2
you know you want to come visit me at the new job.
Gonna be knocked out when i get home lbvs
excited about collaboration with for viva la vida Oct22. updates on local chefs doing demos to come!
If you're scared of LASIK because of the pain, we assure you that it is a quick and painless procedure!
My Grandma thinks I just like watching the news, but I just really like to watch Anderson Cooper. ;) ;)
holy bar fight at moosehead earlier. Thank you CIAA tourny for the entertainment
oh my dear Andy haha helping me remember our vocab words in such an odd way xD
Goodnight moths fuckasss
A little disappointed that we did not bury the needle or buy Mounds bars after the test drive:).
We all have a friend with a retarded laugh
#ThingsYouShouldNotSay : "Someone else will fix that problem"
this bus is so loud, i can barely hear my music #shutthefuckup its the morning.
Yep, I am absolutely convinced that 2011 is the right time to launch a Black Innovation and Competitiveness Initiative.
The Midway Men's Ministry will be mentoring our Youth & getting involved with our young boys.The men will take our boys to the Let's MakeMan
hm I will let our website people know of this issue! Thanks for the heads up. Good luck on your search
Cities get bigger people more creative. Companies get bigger get less creative less innovative.
Don't forget to text your vote today for the Indy Reads glove! Text READS to 86132. We could really use that $10,000 to keep free litercy!
thank U my Brother for your love & support! When the LORD gives U grace U take it & run with it! This is what I have learned.
“: I heard a rumor that new nickname is the "marathon man". #DustinHoffman”. Fits perfect!
Counted six smashed-up cars on my commute. Home, found one perfect exoskeleton of a praying mantis on my doorstep.
Top 10 rejected Playtex sport tampon #soccer sayings: Trap the ball
Hey followers! Keep an eye out for a contest on Monday. The winner will receive a pair of tickets to #OpeningDay Game!
fish in a barrel. A few grammar/ spelling mistakes in a flame & Joe_Blow poster is instantly butthurt.
Bout to start watching tv can't sleep in the city that never sleeps I'm getting hungry faaaaack
Oh,so your a Directioner? Name one of there songs BESIDES 'What Makes You Beautiful'...... reply if your one and dont look on youtube
The moment when Kailyn's cooler than you because she posts a bunch of symbols.
So...what are your thoughts on those funky #Vibram gloved toe shoes?
Hey guys. I'm just gonna listen to Pandora and blog all night. ~
Congrats, but this season we're all just fighting to be runner-up to Penn St.
There is an Asian woman wearing leggings with Swarovski swastikas on the sides.
drink cool in the dog days; in everything, neither too much nor too little; digest, sleep, have pleasure...
It's 11pm, I'm at the lab writing for , but also here are the lab manager's kids.
The holidays are right around the corner - stay focused at work so you can enjoy a few stress-free days off!
At the gym #fitness Lets do it!
Thanks for sharing our $1 deal!
obviously you don't love me that much <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
thinking about you, Dude.
Got to meet some of the folks at this weekend's training session. Looking forward to Saturday #SuperPACs!
short answer: no. The author is clueless about economics. Globalization is NOT new.
The look alike is hosting SNL tonight #Eli ... Or is the Eli Manning look alike hosting SNL
not the best team ever, cant even retain it let alone 3-in a row. Top 3, maybe 5. UTD, 4 big holes that must be fixed.
I gave you my twitter at the radio staion and you still haven't followed me!!
I was feeling great about my weight loss until Wii Fit called me obese.
A man sooner or later discovers that he is the master-gardener of his soul, the director of his life.
If you want to see God move you gotta make a move for God, Get up!- Superintendent Mitchell Bryant. Yes Lawd!
Mom and I are doing brunch again tomorrow if you wanna join...11ish?
That has NYT best seller written all over it... RT Tyrese has a new book out
Okay you guys - auto twitter to fb is doing a whole new number on conversations to the general public!
Hahaha welcome to Holy Week!
My brother is going to get a tattoo today with me and our friends in #Queenstown!
Marketing have their hands in enough of my networks which is why I abandon Pinterest.
lol always so sporty
yeah...bored in my office reading Harry Potter lol
was gonna say the same thing. It's pretty darn awesome, I must say!
have a blast dancing your face off to sweet music bud!
I guess I will be seeing a lot of political ads over the weekend-arghh but I will Vote Tues!
out creek. You?
As a teacher, my instinctual reaction to students challenging my ideas is to fret., but those are the times I've learned the most.
Just received my first hand-written thank you card written apres-meeting. Nice touch.
Remember, government offices closed and no mail service to honor MLK Day. Have a great day!
Loving the new EP guys and girl, gotta hook up a show.
Brilliant performance by Meryl Streep.
Interstellar Galacticator sounded FAN-TAS-TIC stay tuned for club dates!!!
Thanks for following!
whew. never easy.
pluck nigga walking
That just happened?
thanks for the followback Mark
Feel like going for a once walk around the neighborhood.
RT : Being negative only creates more negativity. Ever notice if one thing goes bad .. you start to see a chain reaction ?
And We Love Yhuu(:
It's gonna change your world :) Congrats.
4o minutes til Christmas:) bedtime or Santa will skip my house:) wait he lives in my house:) his name is dad:) #CHRISTMAS SPIRIT:)
yeah and so do hee.!
Man, to keep up with twitter you gotta LIVE on twitter. Crazy,
ONLY LOSERS LOOK DOWN ON WINNERS! CUZ THEY NEVA WIN!
HAHAHA...I referenced that movie last night!RT If you don't like the movie Backdraft, we probably can't be friends.
-- Again, if you keeping saying 'it will never happen' IT WON'T. Positive attracts positive. Ideas attract other ideas
S'more - Chocolate cake filled with marshmallow cream, topped with chocolate buttercream and Smore toppings.
at least 87 percent of a success.
yeah I thought the same thing. What are you up to today?
your extremely humble it seems that is a good quality to have. Do you have any other hobbies besides singing??
I think Strep throat....no energy either :-( might be time for an antibiotic
Father Lord, Let today be a day of jubilee, healing & miracles-bring peace, mercy, grace, favor & joy to every heart that seeks yours. Amen
what's your reaction in one word to LA's tweet about playin with DWill overseas?
if u are a girl; you should follow for amazing & inspiring tweets!(;
Listening to all of 's old covers brings tears to my eyes
Could that Caps goal horn be any louder? Jeebus.
If you look for the worst in life, you'll find it. The opposite is also true!
are u serious.
your badge of honor. Congratulations!
Not done. Idgaf. Sleeping. Good night
WAY below. He'll be good, but they should send him down for a month.
Thanks, I'm glad you liked my train tracks.
I'm actually super stoked to watch and work with them to expand into a lifestyle brand. You all better be ready.:)
I gues SHE'S tryna send me THAT MSG ha fuck.it. Gonna get ready for work :)
Haha if the Clips lose tonight they might all hop on a flight to sing some blues in Nashville.
Be happy in front of people who don't like you, it KILLS them.
If you're beside yourself, you're never alone...
jus swag in who up mention me
I don't know how you deal with your boyfriend. #Sherman #Jesus !
or we can all just go to California instead.
i got some pretty amazing photos of Cody today!!! :D
Cool search interface in another article mgmt sys: #Papers faceted search, with multiple sources, highlighted when searched
The Titans don't get to accused any other team if being "dirty" so long as they continue to employ Cortland Finnegan
The same people who say Obama came out for same-sex marriage for the votes are the same who say people are gay out of choice
Did you see the thread on 2+2 about the dealer at bills that was stealing $5 chips from the pot and fired?
So tonight turned out to be a fun adventure! Went to a venue down the street to find our friends in ADWCM playing!
I'm lying. I'm still here in the depths of hell
LOL! Yes-- Chinese food
Church is not made to talk to God because I talk to him everywhere I go but is made to worship him together!
What NBA team plays home games in an arena located at Two Pennsylvania Plaza ?
True emotions are shown through the hands of great workmanship in historic masonry construction
Oh My God Ben
I just got BY INVITATION ONLY but was disheartened to see that the font is miniscule. Sony displays PDFs well but not too much.
Wow! Those songs are pretty good! Great Job!!!
The best days are the ones that start with sunshine and end with moonlight
It's going to be even more fun to speak it when we're in Paris in two weeks with our moms! :)
What God intended for you goes far beyond anything you can imagine. –Oprah
lol I know, me too!!! We would get in so much trouble!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Best signature cocktail? Word.
fuck a duck walk. I don't know if I'm gonna throw up or <U+E05A> myself. <U+E058>
Startup Weekend Seattle! I'll be around this weekend to help out, just track me down if you need help with the APIs!
Sound of My Voice was so good. Pairing it up with Another Earth would make an excellent double feature.
RT : FOR THE RECORD: Your f*ups do NOT #automagically become my problems!
": good luck on ur bid for office..need more green candidates all over the US." Thank you for the support!
Coming up on the 8 O'Clock News... spring break attire being worn in the snow! Check out the the bikini-clad snow bunnies...
oh perfect!
Hey boo thanks for retweeting. That's why i love you. :-) See you saturday. Let's party!!!!!!
Each person must choose their own path in life. Don't let somebody choose for you and don't try to choose for anybody else.
*TRAFFIC* Box 51-19 N Milton Av & E Madison St, East Balto; Auto accident involving a motorcycle.
I'm the designated driver so it's mini bottles in the restroom for me
How can the boring-ass Skills Challenge draw a bunch of star PGs, while the Dunk Contest is nothing but scrubs?
Could you stop spamming people with your RP stuff? That's really not the best use of Twitter and it makes people annoyed w/u.
The day me & meet new niggas we lose the old ones ! we don't chase em' we simply replace em :)
can I get a shout out from you?? Pls :)
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Georgia's very own Bubba Watson wins the 2012 Masters! Green jacket, immortality and $1.4M!!!!!!!
What force is more potent than love?" Happy Valentines Day to everyone. We Love you! #LoveNotes from
I think we need to hold a family meeting about what our family can contribute!
Feeling, as usual, so out of step with this reality TV obsessed culture. Personally, I get plenty of reality from, well, real life.
I like bio. They're apparently " A nice bunch of people who all smell fantastic." Which is more than most us nerds can say
Wow! is it spring? Enjoy our beautiful DC weather
“: A week and a day. #BrooklynCountdown” I can't wait to meet her!!
wat a chillaxing day. really wishing tomorrow could be just like it
Trying to accomplish a lot by noon so i dont have to do anything in the afternoon
Follow these folks like you got good sense #ff:
Whata a beautiful day. Can't wait to go out and enjoy it <3
Definitely one of my all time favorite celebs - you kill me!
what if Fedor or Overeem win the tournament? They have to be considered for no 1. That's a great tourney!
Broadway bar! Celebrating Alexs birthday
hoping for divine intervention to strike?
when you get back on Monday, you're teaching me Spanish. I call.
lmao. I used to be a twitter addict ! I had this since like 09 lol.
Tomorrow is one of the BEST days ever. If you're a nerd, you should know what I'm talking about :)
Nah! v is voiced; f is not. Different sounds!
Fireplaces attract cold air, heat it up and send it up the chimney. The only warmth you get is from radiant heat.
Damn right there is.
Evidently, the new puppy is over 2x the size of our other dog at the same age. Vet says he has the bone structure of a full size Australian
i seriously have been eating so much lately...like its bad...perhaps stress ;)
lol have you not seen the bookshelf in my hallway filled with shoes!??!?! I can't do that twice!
I have listened to drive by like 20 times today. It is SUCH a good song!
no argument there
When a old friend tells you that he loves you durring a late night phone call.
Haha, ya, kinda dealing with that now. It's surprisingly frustrating!
I have hundreds of videos on Youtube. it has helped me in 'Business'. So now I do a lot behind the scenes, with companies.
Upstairs lounge is open and its starting to heat up in here. Gonna be another excellent night here #SEXYSALUTE 2U Tweeps
Did you get your Free Coffee this morning? If you're a coffee lover, you might not want to miss next week's Free Coffee Friday! 6am-10:30am
Ah, cooling, refreshing liquid sunshine falling from a gray blanket of clouds
but do you think i could just easily lay down and sleep? OF COURSE NOT, WHY WOULD MY BODY DO THAT? IT'S FUN!!!
You seem to have quite a bit more snow than we got. Weird. But we lost power last night. Got it back after a few hours.
You are (:
so to remedy the situation sings your name.
Two positions open at the American Red Cross in San Diego in Development & Communications. Visit www.sdarc.org and click on "Careers."
I love you <3
Is it shuffling or hustling? I may have been singing that to myself in my head wrong for all these years.
Just asked when he was leaving for the UO spring game. He said noonish. I said but it's at 11am.....
What's April minus 7?
Watching Ferris Buller's Day Off! Seriously one of my favorite movies of all time :)
which one?
Should I be embarrassed that I actually enjoy watching Aurthor??
Nice meeting u fam! U shut it down last night in Durham
NEVER start or end your day upset, if we look there is always a light to be found in the dark my friends, CHOOSE to see it ; )
soo according to star mag. Ray j has one and Houstons family said name yr price trying not to destroy her memory but honor her
This my first time being in phipps plaza in a long time
thats right! So your still coming for sure? :) and pfft. Okay? How about outstanding?!
So apparently my laptop over heated.
#wric channel 8 is airing commercials without the words, only the music and sounds
Tonight's show at Perks Coffeehouse with Brendan Asquith has been canceled. We apologize for any inconvenience. What a week :(
I hate hypocrites.
movie night!:D
you punishing me with this clifford brown stuff jajajaja
that awkward moment wen u realize ur dreams never gonna come true! </3
Hope to see you back soon... You will be missed.
Ok, got out Tackle.. NEED A wr next though! Randle? Alshon?
Why you so beast?
Wed. we celebrate 100 days til #Olympics. send #Twitpic of u @ Olympic sites in LA & you could win Olympic gear
RT "What do you think about our new website?" I like it a lot! GREAT colors!!
Oh my god my phone is dictating everything that I say and now it's on Twitter
Home bound!!
Getting ready to head to the recording studio for my last rehearsal before tomorrow night's concert!
Power Up!
I know!!!! I love how everyone thinks they're Jo. I am none of them, but I'm definitely not Jo--no WAY would I refuse Laurie!!
getting my hair done.. finally found a salon in wisconsin that I like!
Wondering where on earth today has gone?? Almost time for Boot Camp again!
HAPPY BDAY PRINCESTON LET'S SPREAD THE PEACE 1-4-3 OMG YOUR GROWING UP SO FAST<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Save Portland PE! Call/email PPS board members! Write letters to the editor!
#SM2012 panel, did you know you all trended today?
well, technically, YES, we COULD print those :)
I've learned...that under everyone's hard shell is someone who wants to be appreciated and loved.
“: #NFL32 asks...What do you think Ryan Fitzpatrick needs to work on before next season?” be less Favre-esque w/ throws. better reads
Pleased to please ya :)
In theory all three of us could be in bed much longer, but I think we all so love our Saturday ritual of togetherness that we don't linger.
Trace Adkins at the Riv tonight come and visit us before and after the concert.
so stoked about our "frame concept".. prototyping.
lmao her face after she said that I wanted to cry for her
HA. HA. Not funny.
Live on iBand.me check us out
Today we're checking out a new device Salem Police are using, to measure how closely cars follow on the road. That report at 4pm
tonight or tomorrow!
A grommet is also the hole you thread your laces through on sneakers.
So....who do you think stole the show at last nights "Guitars & Stars" concert?!
Impressed that the debate is televised featuring ASL interpreter. In related news, who is EPN's hair stylist?
what up boy what u on? Get that bottle
It's nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice.
GOT A GOOD WORKOUT IN TODAY AT THE PARK!!! WITH RAMON OF TOP OF THE LINE BARBERSHOP MAD LOVE AND RESPECT!!!! 3ARWALK3R
i'm not, my parent's are coming up here!!
I talked to him this morning and actually he retires tomorrow. Also he won't be in ATL till Sat
will check. They did get some outside Pick N Save
. Then why the hell won't they say so publicly? The kind, decent, intelligent person would speak out.
At George's in Waco enjoying what they are famous for.
you look soo handsome i love you <U+2665>
Love that piece!! Was going thru my head today actually. Weird.
meta: “: At #FOSE #mobilegov panel: GSA's Chris Hamm: Gov has a problem with free services because of the costs of free”
chill bro he not 4real.
yeah def not felling then 100+ days desert heat no good
#askalexconstancio at playlistlive you said you'd follow me, i'm still waiting?
6-4 road trip for the Brewers with 5-1 finish... they're hot... the real test is if they can keep it up against the Braves tonight...
Still trying to find my girl a kindergarten in SF. Frustrating experience. Methinks this city doesn't love me anymore.
#News12 Had a great segment with Stone Grissom discussing safety tips and demonstrating self defense moves.
Arsenal or Man City?
People say bad things about Englewood Chicago I spead Good News about Englewood Community there good people here in E-Wood.
It's Wednesday, I think I can see the weekend!
'LIKE' us on #Facebook and we'll send you a $1 drink credit to redeem at your favorite bar. What are you waiting for?!
heeyyy someone tweeted to tell u whats ur number she wants it nd its not me
A favorite quote. Wonder why. "Beware of artists, they mix with all classes of society and are therefore most dangerous." - Queen Victoria
Didn't know chimpanzees eat monkeys. That's like eating a 2nd cousin...
Babs was bringing it on XM Broadway today
Something tells me that Ross and Riker will see this and will laugh so hard.
We love dropbox here in the library. Mark & I are always using it. I've even got some student workers hooked :) Great tool!
Hi! I'm terrible at art but enjoy it anyway! I do meditate and it does help with pain some. I like all science & technology
I love the chirpity-chirp of the birds this morning. Yea Spring!!
Drats, thanks. How you doing? Haven't heard from you since school ended ... she was on in the very beginning!
You're welcome
probably just shirt & jeans and my wedges..
fill me in on the gossip!
Oh hashtag, why can't you be tamed?
Still spinning on www.danceradio.ca tune in!
I Dont Give A Cluck
Still up watching soulfood can't sleep
Congrat's bro!
I have excellent news. Manos: The Hands of Fate is available for purchase on iTunes.
It's not a done deal yet. But here's hoping #TopChef decides to come to #Portland!!!
Certainly. Keep me in mind.
have we discussed the whole issue of privatization yet? and, i am so sorry I have not written u back yet Shamlet...
Merry Xmas, you old building and loan.
New STEM school in Champaign-Urbana. Spaces flow - so now circulation spaces. Here you learn in any space within the building.
Yes I did direct it :)
GD morning world!!!!!!
can mikey lick his elbow? (: taylor from philly! <3
Never underestimate the importance of quenching your thirst. Do it tonight for just $10 with our Tap Beer Special!
"When you look at the dark side, careful you must be ... for the dark side looks back" #StarWarsDay May the 4th be with you!
Thanks! It's my first time using it. Love it!
Six new "cancer" followers this week on Twitter with verbatim profiles.
Da way Deez young niggas dress now is borderline as hell. U can tell who dad was in the house growing up . IJS o_O
be careful what you do , because it comes back to you.
for the care bear thng it would have to be one thts purple. Idk if there is even one thts purple. If there is than thts me!!
you have made bogus claims before. The UN says 20% were Civilians. Maybe Hamas should stop hiding behind children.
number is in my profile and looking forward to it.
hahaha I try ! It's all about being a teamate !
Foundations of Faith: 4. Conviction
haha idk how that would turn out but it's probably worth a shot!
hey bro are you on skype?
Thanks..I appreciate it..
Wow tired I'm out peace..!:)
I was wondering, in evolution who came first the male or female?
Bwahahahaa!!! That avi is completely AWESOME!!!
just killed it and now on to the next boys! Great Friday!
im bouta make a rap from my TL lol..this should be interesting
If u.add up all the drinks I had yesterday they probably add up to a handle Smh ....
she look like a star, but only on camera Only on camera, only on camera
Whatever you're comfy in... #hottie either way mama :)
My condolences Carisa :-(
RT : So apparently everyone decided to come to Incredible Pizza on the same day I did lmao :P
Yup! We are playing Soma on Nov. 11th. You should defnitely come out! Its going to be a great time. Tel all your friends too!
I shot a gun today! And now I'm waiting patiently for Death Cab to come onstage.
I love it!!
i say Todd Martin 97
If your wondering why i act like this, itzz bcoz my attitude is based on how u treat me… N rite now im being treated like a piece of SHIT…
Ah. Have fun filming. :)
If you missed our interviews today (Mark Schlereth, Clint Barmes, Dan Hawkins, or Joel Quenneville), check the podcast! thescore1510.com
Did not like Elise doing Bold As Love. Wrong song for her. She'll probably be in the bottom 3 again.
DWF Office is closed today for our Spring Break holiday, hope you all have a great weekend!
That is surprising about college students preferring books. My back still hurts from schlepping textbooks!
Wth!! Haven't been on here all day
Idea of printing mass quantities of paper for distributing content will be history sooner than we think. CEO, The Economist (via )
i feel like dieing :/
sitting among the half walls in my WV office- dryway tomorrow and hardwood floors and carpeting next week. Having a 5 minut…
amazing night with stellar Houston Fellows. Thanks and for hosting 50+ Houston teachers!
Are you going to come hang with us at The Roxy on Saturday night?
Malaysian Grand Prix under way in the rain! Mercedes w/ another hole shot leads. #stay drivn
sure will, thank you for your support and for the tweets, you rock!
Love Bill Hall dropping S Bomb after shaving cream pie ! #Rookie #Welcome2Majors @
well its good to see u bouncing back in spite of the various hardships u have faced. All the best in your future endeavors
I've come to the conclusion that what women want is Not to find prince charming, BUT to eat whatever they want without gaining weight
yes, of course :-)
Jesus has some game!
this weekend!!!
that's lady killer scent right there
Got some really good beats for sale I'm a singer always need beats send me your info @ thanks :):)
Im done with everything goodbye...
It's hard to focus on #libraryschool homework on sleepy, rainy days like this.
wow! I just visited the web site. Its very easy 2 use. Many great prints. Great selection of clothing 2 chose from. Thanks!
1 midterm down 1949201738019148029773 more to go -.-
it'sa bonfire, turn the lights out
congrats you've won the Flip Cam!
As a project manager you must accept that somedays your job is to be a punching bag.
TY Ryan! ... I hope you heal up before heading out to Hawaii! :) J
People on my flight were staring at me the whole time as I pumped my fist listening to 4-0!
does it get worse with pregnancy/childbirth?
working on staff bios for the new website .. muahahah! ps, did you catch that last part? it's getting close to being done! whose excited?
": When a woman tells you her problems, it doesn't mean she's complaining, it means she trusts you."
Soo much shit on my mind right now.
#realtalk RT : If I text you and the text doesn't turn blue, I feel like I don't even know you anymore.
My Boo In Her Feelings , I Never Knew All This Shit Was So Heavy On Her Heart :(
Liberty Hill boys lose their regional final to CC Miller 61-59. Panthers were CenTex area's last remaining squad.
Totally excited for our bowling outing tomorrow, expect embarrassing pictures coming your way!
Couldnt be better, just a little bumpy. I will figure it out. Nice new avatar :)
surgery for what?!
you and manage to always have the best luck lol
RT : There is a twitter account dedicated to Haruki Murakami quotes about spaghetti -
He popularised term "Hooker". GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan. $2.99 Amazon Kindle #CivilWar Women in camp, Hooker in command.
New rxbandits album in august. Where is the super early waffles leak. One tiime
Excuse me, helicopter buzzing around Fenway this morning...YOU CAN STOP.
I don't sew, but I think the One Second Needle is a brilliant idea! A simple solution that solves a common problem. Does it really work?
off to work i go! bring on the crazies!
#FearTheQuietGuys #Spurs coming for that ass like Freddy Kruger...
hope I make it through tomorrow & don't go full Lohan!
why would American Idol, 1st put Phillip & Josh together & then gave them a love song... #badchoices. #idol. #hmm? bahaha.
Just tried bacon for the first time ever. Geez what was i missing out on??
right after I send mine lol :( not cool jk
I HOPE YOU DIE
Who brought the dolphin?
'Abdu'l-Bahá has arrived in Pittsburgh, PA. US Steel's Homestead Works are here.
I luv u follow me!!;)
I just died. I bought a new mirror that's sitting on the floor right now. Forgot it was there and saw something moving, just my reflection.
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: Let’s Get It On! Que in the Marvin Gaye as Steve Ptomey discusses the archeology of brothels.
RIP Whitney Houston. What a waste of god-given talent...
He turned around and looked me in the eye, "spooky night." #heartracing/assholeclenched
Don't worry about the "could have" because if it should have, it would have.
Hey Sacramento fans! Carpool to tonight's game and get a free parking voucher. One lucky carpooler will win an iPod touch!
If I didn't have a blender I would have had to go way to baskin robin
hit me up player if you get bored, maybe I'll run into you again in southside
"Kiss me I'm Black Irish ... yeadasrightbeatch"
APSCU staff is back safe-&-sound in the office. Capitol, Pentagon, & what looked like all of DC evacuated bc of
you're missing out at #CTIAw12 - hop on a plane NOW
Sleep is for losers
No you're not. I've been in bed all day, of course I'm sick:P but I did get up to pee. &rock put around my house to music xD
Earn those Mardi Gras beads tomorrow at the w FREE pink beads for every order + debut of Maple Bacon Hot Choc!
Laurent Robinson!
Family Guy is hilarious!
If your football team is famous for Jesus, the only step up is to hire God.
Don't ask for help if you're not willing to change!!!
Thanks - I'm out of his station's range. Sports guys (& gals) are well known political geniuses.": If I recall Belling
I am good man. Just enjoying this great weather. U?
not really into polictics but thanks for the follow
This would be my grandpa who lived in Los Angeles, fought in World War II, and died 10 years ago. He was a catcher, though...
Feelin some type of way..
lol oh please <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
thirsty thursday!!!
Akron, OH and I'm doing great! How are you?
Lionel Richie music always puts me in a good mood!
did you know that I sewed the Star-Spangled Banner by hand in just 6-8 weeks? It happened right here in Baltimore!
Ace's owner has his watchers,looking for Carl's dirt, like car tickets/so-10 tickets/mostly for expired meters--all paid/no story
Teague's dunk at 6:03 was the only points for either team since 8:44. Ugly, ugly game...
A day without is like a year without rain:] JL<U+2665>
tweet tweet tweet
Outstanding. RT : Valentine now gets booed in Boston like he invented rap, not the wrap.
Last final submitted = Fall Semester Complete. Done & Done.
I think I'm gonna change my twitter name, too.
Is Clay still in it?
goodnight . text mee :D ; i love you .
We have an impressive group of students in the Cal State Fullerton American Studies MA program. I'm very grateful to be teaching here.
Off to see George Clinton and P Funk with some dude named Kid Cudi, who I don't know but is from Cleveland so I like him.
At camp lutherhaven lights off with the guys Yummy!!!
oh wait, the draft picks. .. nvm
Should I get a dog, or not?
Challenges often make us realize we have more courage than we think and one person can make a difference in this world.
Sortswriters and both say as kids they were influenced and inspired by their local newspapers. Yay for local media!
It's cold as sh*t outside!
Videos b makn me tweak man
How rude of me, My name's Ed. I play the guitar. ha
#bestlifeever. In Seattle with good friends.
So freakin mad right now. messin up my whole schedule I had planned out til graduation.
i know this is kinda random, but your gorgeous!
who knew that my days of hiding in the corner were getting less in number? ;) /cc
Many people do not know the Corporate Flag has replaced the National Flag. Get your Chevrons. 2Admit US Soldiers are used for this corp.
Man s<U+0336>u<U+0336>e<U+0336>s<U+0336> thanks BMW, alleging motorcycle seat gave him two-year erection
Ok. Acoustic show good...large audience bad...performance is lazy and uncomplicated but crowd pleasing. Ypsi
Flopping is unsightly, but not as much as all these Sixers playoff games where neither team breaks 80. This would be No. 4.
“: <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086>Want a head massage so bad!” omg me to
Enjoying a fat tire by at ricardo's pizza.
Most welcome, Brenda!
On a scale of 1 to 10, my motivation is about -3849593271
Art in unusual places. LA's Newest Rail Line Offers Transportation And Art Exhibit All In One - Forbes via
which one?
Not at all.
Thanks, lady! I'm getting a good start at it. :)
Save up to $100 on Las Vegas packages! Flight + 4-night hotel packages starting at $34* per person, per night!
Kombucha, fresh-squeezed lemon and cayenne pepper together taste like champagne!
Tonight's the final performance for our adult composition class. Will be performing them in between giving out candy to trick-or-treaters
Oh my gosh! Are you at a wedding in Pittsburgh? (that was my first experience with a cookie table)
"Who needs rec centers and public pools when you're rich?" says at a recent polo match.
Cool. Coming to Athens Easter weekend and all the sites are closed the whole time. Just our luck. Is it bad to only go to the beach then?
only if you lick what winks ;)
love the new avatar. Fantastic
Still recovering from
the PACNW has some great beer...to bad its to difficult for you bring some over in july ..
sweet dreams love! I hope you have a wonderful day.
art class with dani and maddie
psh. You are not. Haha. Go tell them now! Lol
lmfaoo this girl is not getting married any time soon :)
Oops. I forgot to let Satan's Little Helper out when Smokey finished his dinner.
-usually love your show, but agree w/ that you went too far in criticizing the actress in the #PeteHoekstra ad.
Teehee!RT I bet if you threw Bachmann off a cliff, she'd survive by flapping her lashes.
great read ... its always good to have new stuff lined up to keep dark skin pretty
Colton's voice makes me wanna smash my TV
#waystoimpressme be yourself.
Nice meeting at the Enterprise Gardens session. Excited to collaborate on Drupal music...
PLease follow me! It would make my day! <3 (:
Mixing with Brandon at finishing up the EP...it's sounding tight!!!!!!
Hey! Thanks for listening. Sergio Leone was one of our favorites series!
thank you!
VENT2: I thank GOD for being able to see, but I hate seeing a lot of peoples bad decisions in what they wore out the house!
I do
YAY! how the heck are ya my friend?
#abortion doesn't "leave the mother childless." it makes the individual woman no longer pregnant.
RT : Join us at Kentucky Derby Goes Pink put on by May 5 at Bogart's Bar & Grille to help fight breast...
heyy! what color was your hair before you dyed it for #Victorious?
He won't leave me alone >.< STOP CALLING MY DAMN FONE !
Reasons to Factor: * Obtain a source of working capital * Relief from responsibility for collection of no-pay and slow-pay clients
Public testimony finally starting on literacy bill. 31 witnesses.
I would give her the world if she asked for it.
Me: I'm finally happy :) Life: Damn. That can't happen. Let me throw something bad in...
That's wonderful to hear! We're encouraged to see designers working together and it's not dog-eat-dog out there!
Can't answer...too busy doing the Cabbage Patch and then onto the Running Man...
Thanks for the follow!! Come party with us Thursday night at Cowboys in
Gov. Dayton to give SOS (no, that's State of the State) at 7 p.m. on Wed, Feb. 15. Well, thank god he avoided Valentine's Day evening.
American Airlines is charging us $150 rebooking fee PER TICKET, not per reservation. Cheaper to scrap old ticket & fly a different airline.
Most amazing story about the man behind ! Thank you for staying with the show!
#bbn follow my friend !
im in my speedo trying to tan my cheeks
true, neither do mine...but its worth a shott! loll! ill tweet you tmrw during school/tomorrow night or something!
MY LAST CLASS OF THE SEMESTER! Looking forward to wearing sweats, eating cereal, and writing papers for the rest of the week.
Not going to lie though, part of me actually is riding this one out cause it will do wonders for my :)
whats good twitter
Now recording new compositions for an upcoming album
Time for some Rusko!
Well the meeting with Admin this morning gave us crumbs. Sullivan wasn't even there... She's in Richmond. Lobbying for a #LivingWage? idk.
thank you babes!
Do you really believe this?????
#teamtallladies #teamtallgirls #teamlonglegs #tallgirls Long Tall Sally is having a midseason sale. I just bought a formal dress for $49 :)
but year 41 it's on and popping lol jk": Stop fuckin tweetin me... I'm takin for the next 40 years."
That awkward moment when your trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water came out
Please wish Gardy Bloemers first place + high score in her freestyle today in Virginia! (she rides w one of "your" saddles)
my parents must he so indie
so Fab to meet you both.
You a stupid hoe! You a, You a, You a Stupid Hoe!
HD FOOTAGE yes please
So what do you think of the new Starbucks rebrand?
gosh! You're good! Lol Cone to LA
please follow me back
HEY DID MONTANA DELETE HER ACCOUNT BECAUSE WHEN I CLICKED ON HER IT SAID: We're sorry, the page you requested cannot be found.
"If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you made me smile, I would have the whole night sky in the palm of my hand"
Something I never thought I would hear walking on Fourth Ave in Brooklyn - "Dude, nice tripod."
"Live so that when your children think of fairness and integrity, t hey think of you."
Thanks again for coming! RT : Fabulous time with at the Holiday Gala. Great cause and phenomenal people!
Pilates, 6-mile run, hot shower and snuggling by the fire with some green tea - best way to be Irish today.
lmao you love me bella
Anything from East End and Full Pint is awesome.
No problem any time
I miss you guys!! Jsyk
Ah! Just got my first tattoo!! It looks soo good!
Today was perfect, I'm so lucky! #Goodnight <3
I thought stevie was died (I'm so serious)
#braves get on the board. 2-1 #Dodgers on top over the #braves top of the 5th.
Someone should make me a better theme for my tumblr.
ohh i saw that a long time ago!!! hahaha
"Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again." -F. Jones
I almost thought 's avi was a prom picture Hahahah
#Giraffes have no vocal cords.
HOLY CRAP!!!! YAY BRONCO'S!!!
I only like bacon when its combined with sweet. Like with maple syrup. Or on a donut
Peeps...nominate your Le Peep Customer of the Month. Looking for LePeep lovers that make a difference in our great city of Indy!
I'm at 499 followers. Remember, my 500th gets a free Indy Newspaper Guild ballpoint pen!
Just woke up in Santa Monica. About to take off for Arizona in an hour.. Hope this drive doesn't suck!
To all you fashion designers, does anyone know what a princess seam is? I see it on patterns, I didn't know what it was until yesterday.
just watched a highlight of Reds pitcher Daniel Ray Herrera, 5'6" Lefty Screwballer...nasty stuff! Bring back the scroogie!
a person who bugs you non stop. "whatcha doin?" "where are you goin?"
If you wanted to be a smart anorexic you'd live off rice cakes, pickles and cheese not none of that I'm not eating shit
Thanks for following me! Hope you like my artworks :)
Only would feel me...
Had a great day with the family.
Yes, it was very special and very wonderful! Thank you for the well wishes!!!
He's not far off!
if wrote it, i'm reading it. thanks for the link.
good luck!
JERSEY SHORE!! haha i love
Love the bright green color of the bus. A great way to raise awareness about healthy eating for everyone.
Hey thanks! Have a fabulous #Seattle Friday yourself - I think this weather puts us all in a great mood #enjoyitwhileyoucan:)
I ended up getting a PhD in math. Math made a lot more sense to me.
Happy Birthday to my Micah-Do! We love kiddo!
you should give the single "ha!" a try. It's short, yet effective and a little easier on the triceps.
Still half way there!
Welcome & Thanks Happy to connect.
The office isn't as funny as it used to be
making the call now too... is the big winner tonight in MI and AZ!
i met yesterday & took a picture with him <3 i need to find out how to get those pictures :T
Holy sh*t. I can't even believe what I'm watching. Looked like Mrs Murdoch landed a haymaker.
wow wasted magic the gathering...awesome!
Listening day today, checking out all sorts of happening new tunes. These are the best days!
DH also stands for Dark Horse
Hope that sways Trey to Chapel Hill. The wallet will appreciate it!!!
Finally made it home.
Grinding 3am Nyc session with the entourage
Police starting to clear the sidewalks. Crowd dwindling a bit
Thanks to all who helped at the polls. Thanks to all who voted for us, too! Looking forward to our results tonight.
lol, a brother needs his grape drink and salt and vinegar chips
I've eaten there :)
Tonight's the BIG Night - Here Comes Supermoon. Last time the moon was that huge is 18 years ago. The biggest moon tonight.
Lebron is not getting a ring this year
When Human Advancement Backfires
TWISTED notable answers: "I'm home,", "I'm going shopping", "I love you", "I have a headache", and "I am always right"
just walked into a truck stop that has a Sunday morning worship service.
We're #RedSox fans chanting Bo or Bo-eckett?
no love for these hoes.
Im on a seafood diet. I see food and i eat it.
do dat dolla store sell dictionariez?? RT how do u spendd moe den half an hour in a dolla store ? Fa real . .
OMG I'm going on a shopping spree tomorrow!
FRIDAY is tomorrow!!! ;D
This damn cartoon bout to make me angry but it's nothing else on
loves his fans so much. He does so much for them! <3
I really like you.
I had to sleep over my best friend's house to watch Love Boat. Too racy to watch at my house.
Dope! let me know, if anything.. We can get together and I'll help you man
Use Cloud Browse to watch #USOpen on your iPad or iPhone!
Our Design Team, they typically save our clients 5% - 10% on overall construction costs. They also help make sure projects come in on time.
At new location near 119th and Elm... #operationsweetleaf working on yet another home.
To our Muslim partners, "Ramadan Mubarak!" ("Blessed Ramadan!") We look forward to sharing an Iftar with our Muslim brothers and sisters.
That's why I say this city's not ready. Give us the vote but don't give our inept officials more power & $ til we get decent ones!
WOW...all the way from...Canada,right ? and no 'autograph' from Aj? sorry to hear that :0 maybe next time!! ~~~~rich
mad excited for #IntergalacticShaman tomorrow, hope to see alot of new faces and of course our origional homies. We luv yall
Breakfast-big apple bagels, lunch-jimmy johns, dinner-la ha
ANY WAY BYE MY PEEPS HOME DOGS SAUSAGE BUISCITS OMAN IM HUNGRY AGAIN :/
Do you have a download link to the Janine & the Mixtape song?!
Am extremely excited to see the #Cubs take another one on the chin to the tonight!
yup, is 's retail location, so bring your growler in and we will fill it right up!
now y'all know y'all wrong! specially after i had to read 1 of ur twittascopes--won't mention any names *whistles*
Happy Easter!
From Memphis but been places that some of these niggas can't afford to go. Lolxxx just laughin at these HATERZ
So might actually start Tweeting again because that's all there is to do in the Winter....
Just spent an hour viewing photos from past shuttle missions. I will always love this amazing achievement of mankind.
For individuals with a mortgage and back taxex. The property will be seized for the taxes and everyone one else loses. I can help stop this.
Check it! We have all Menswear and Dresses 25% off until May 12th! Our inventory is constantly changing so come check us out!
I'm back~ I ate a nutrigrain bar, lol.
Sell Privately? Or Use a Real Estate Agent? Homeowners always are looking for the best way to sell your home. When you sit down and consi
Thats my anthem!! RT : I don't care about being better than you. I'm trying to be better than me.
After (M)onday and (T)uesday even the week says WTF!
15 more school days! 11 for me!
So... I love 'I want to dance with somebody' but if I hear it one more time I'm going to f&f shwartz flip!
RT : Enjoyed the interview on Trackside last night. Excited to see the at team out on the track in 2011!
It makes reality invisible and it erases all the lines that we shouldn't cross
I am patient, for my faith in God assures me that all things in my life are working together for my good.
Why do we text each other? Conversation is so boring.
oops meant to post that from page HA!
I sucked it in and held from Duboce to Powell.
Designing this movie poster
This Is All I Kno.
this is true but we have seen C.C. Pitch at his best, cliff lee, zito back in his heyday, holiday, weaver, johnson randy and josh
I meant twist your fingers lolol
the maine is such a perfect band.
Doubt = believing in your limits ...Faith = believing in your unlimited potential. Either way, we are always believing something.
that might change but I will let you kno
we went to Guapo's it was ok. There was a screaming baby and her loudmouth mother sitting next to us
Yo we had a great show last night at Araneta Coliseum, the same place Muhammad Ali and Joe Fraser fought the historic "Thrilla In Manilla".
Gettin to the money Understatement
Would you rather face Nolan Ryan or Randy Johnson?
good morn Char.
So what are you waiting for? The time to heal is now, the time to bloom is now, the time to live is now!
where mine at?
If only followed me on this account .. <3
hi come to memphis
I HONESTLY HATE this guy
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy honesty & great sex
Oh damn! It doesn't come out until tomorrow-didn't see this post until I suggested a movie. Have a FUN day off!!!
Come play "blingo" (Sticky Rice's very own speed bingo) TONIGHT | 11PM TILL CLOSING | Don't miss out! |
You'll be brilliant! Praying for calm nerves and some of your trademark contagious enthusiasm.
HAPPY DRINKO DE MAYO!
I know, I was so confused. It was def in NWA, but it wasn't the Blue Line. Hm.... I'm on a mission!
Sometimes I get to a good song and am like "I'll play this just one more time," then weep upon realization that it's 4am.
incredible Update!!
forward fest coffee break....
it's just trying to get the top down on 's 3 series.
Hey, where are you? Did you celebrate your victory in Philly too hard last night or did you just hop on a plane to Philly?
Saul rhymes wid Raul so don't gdt mad if I call you Raul :D
I am lovin this show
You both should move to Florida! I need some Sarahs in my life.
If u ask me 2 follow u & check ur TL & all u do is request folks 2 follow u - u ain't talking abt shit so why am i following u again?
I'm waiting for 2012 or 2016! I'll be removing it, still mourning.
By the way: kimchi = scariest thing to forget to throw out when vacating a place where you've been housesitting. There will be hell to pay.
“: So proud of my teammates for the way they fought. Great win. And so happy for #clipnation thanks for the support!”
- Thank U Sarah!
Where can I send you some info about us?
Last chance to purchase discounted NBA 2011-2012 Season tickets! Email to get yours!
maybe I will
The boss isn't in with her is he?
Shannon walked in on me and Steve last night... Why did she walk in? ....We were in the kitchen.
What are the pros/cons of using the WAB Bedside?
Check out our video for "Creepy Love" live at Hot Topic! It's in our blog!
they have. It's called bullying and prejudice and we are tested by it. I'm a strong motherfucker :)
Happy birthday , I miss you and I hope you have a good day :)
cool like the other side of the pillow..
I think you've just inspired me to head outside. No wife, though, so I guess I'll take a book.
Is it weird that I insanely miss when he's at school?
I can't believe Michael was bumped from the top five by Mason… seriously?
not sure about super powers, but if you put your sack in there it will grow expontially.
boo hoo sorry to see you go but he'll final 4, ain't to shabby love ya Lisa
I've been trying that. Still feel terrible, half-dead.
I pray to God he blesses my team and I on this trip I hope its worth it
lol... it's all good. #GoClippers RT I have no need to boast im life ths spurs been at home resting
#MileHighRoyaltyRecording! Gonna hit the #Denver seen HARD! mid '12! Flexible Rates, #High quality recording!! &
Just don't forget they go on the floor not the roof! I'm kidding! I love you guys.
God makes no mistakes ive made a few
I'm not, what's firefly? Please do tell :-)
#TheThingIHateTheMost too much head on my #beer!
We need graphics. A sweet Twitter logo and some graphics for the site itself!
Wisdom tooth is out and novacaine is wearing off. Ouuuucccchhhhh...
Underrated band...
just wanted to let you know I enjoyed the concert at the House of Blues in Chicago on Saturday :)
: I need your assistance. (I lost my cell.)
I'm not on the phones!! Call after Parker!
I cannot refuse the urge to help people. I try very hard to listen and give people someone to relate to and talk to.
you wanna meet me there?
It's really depressing when people say love never lasts .
Misspoke. I taped it off IFC, & it must be less edited than the previous versions I've seen. Certainly more blood flying.
lol seriously :o
you don't count cuz you always reply :)
is there an email I can write you guys to?
Rush hour 3 too funny Chris tucker a clown lol
What he said RT : Don't bother me while the Lakers are playing so I know it's real.
Uh oh.. Advertising on twitter.. Guess there really IS a recession..
Tim McCarver is a bumbling idiot. I wouldn't invite him either.
RT : Wikipedia's list of #SNL eps indicates a 3 week stretch in '96 with music guests Foo Fighters, Silverchair and Bush. Brutal.
The first and third people to correctly answer today's #trivia question each win a $10 #SUBWAY gift card! Please answer only once.
thank you for the RT. The case is far from over but it could have first sale/copyright implications for libraries.
bunnies are funny and ur moms a whore
Juat found out that instead of getting clothes this year for Christmas I'm getting a new baby sister...... THANKS DAD!!! Urggghh........
Thanks Jon!
Epic government FAIL! Chalk one up for the bad guys...
Off to the cemetery to wish Mom a #HappyMothersDay. Oh she's still alive, she's just into creepy stuff.
attack of the fucking creeps..o_0
yep...Twitter unfollowed...asses... you're one of my very fav tweeters.
Muchas Gracias to for the delicous #coffeebomb this morning! We're all fueled up.
Last day in the city! WGSN, central park, and a plane ride home!
LOVE IS LOVE
Get to right now for mnf & house party Mondays! Rock 105.3 in the house!
Not falling asleep next to <<<<<
follow me back and whats up my nigga
#RITBrickCity Team captains just announced for RIT Men'sHockey! Next season is going to be great!
Omg my dad is so loud on the phone holy crap
Is everybody going to #Obsessions tonight
tristan, leave ive got shit on you too.
you're such a hipsterbitch. thinks so too.
I feel so empty
Come on Aztecs!
is listening to the new Kill Moi record. it's wonderful.
ok, you want to meet tonight or tomorrow?
Successful authors use transitional coaches for encouragement and clarity
21 MORE Day And SCHOOL OUT ! :D May 23 <3 (;
I'm only what my people around me made me.
NOT funny. Plus the Vikings probably won't even be a franchise in 2020 :)
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
God bless you, sir.
Oh Quinn. You won me back for... 4 seconds? :/ Insane.
Ugh my phone is finally working!!!! #Amen....Thank you to all the beautiful CHOREOGRAPHERS/DANCERS that came out 2night. U INSPIRE ME
Disney Princesses - Any interest on Disney Princess figs?
We just had a Mendeley training at our library a few weeks ago. Interesting!
No LaMarcus Aldridge tonight vs. Golden State after team reveals "abnormality" found in right hip MRI. 8 games to go, shut him down?
Omg, I have those dreams at least once a month! What do they mean?! We need a dream book!
Probably won't be tweeting much today because of million hour long practice soon.
Girls Gossip bad as shit Ruins relationships Real shit.
You talking about the Cardinals again?
Completely agree. RT : thats why we must advocate a competence based approach to recruitment
I agree!
i hate studying!
I'm not hatin' on people who attend. I just can never find the time. Also, I prefer doing than talking. Call me kooky.
Let's replace the term "like a boss" with "like a girl".
- #ShitMattSays "I never wanted to be little spoon so bad." re: Javier Bardem
Speaking on cloud computing for libraries at 10:30am E201 International Ballroom West
Googled myself and found a x-exam I did of a firearms expert cited as an example. Frankly, I read it very critically. It was yrs. ago.
now that is impressive.
Emailed about 7 or so apartment complexes this week to schedule tours and so far only one had contacted me.
I'm gonna roll out and meet y'all there!
There is a new style for the google+ iPhone app add me to your circles :)
Think twice when consuming sriracha past 2am
yeah hah I saw you too!
happy birthday to me! Wait! This isn't November, is it? sorry....
Ugh i need a new bookbag
in case you need a stick of gum?
I Don't know who was Worse For the Minorities Communities, Fmr Prez Bush, Fmr Mayor Rudy Giuliani, Racist R,Teabaggers, GOP or Prez Obama?
Another nice day in NYC. Time to Pre-order your PO$ITIVE PU$H gear!
Thanks for posting, Kelly!
she go to skool durin da day an shake her azz at nite u b toungin her down but she like to play wit my pipe
THANK YOU so much to everyone who came out today for our workshop! Panelists, team CMC and most importantly the participants. YOU ROCK! :)
so i want to go to the bating cage this summer i got a long list of what i want to accomplish before i leave
If your going to do something that you don't want people to know about , don't want people to know about it .
Assembly has endorsed Rep. in her re-election campaign.
Life in abundance comes only through great love.s
Thnx for the RT <U+25B8> Top stories today via
Donald Rumsfeld:President Bush Tim Geithner:President Obama
q6, I believe so! more so today than a few years ago, I think students need to read and make their choices intelligiently
Need to give a shout out to for the free on board wifi, and the outstanding service this AM. Can't get that at the airport.thanks
I feel Lazy, I think the sun is draining my energy.
I need my eye brows done
I never thought I'd be relieved to be having surgery. I'm giddy and hopeful.
Deadline for the John Lomonaco Grant is Dec. 31 for an all expenses paid trip to the National Racquetball Singles. www.usra.org/
Ayee Follow Me!!
28th flight in a row with
Saying Selena Is A Slut Is Like Saying Eminem Isn't A Rapper, Like Saying Justin Bieber Isn't Hot StopHateOnSelena
As a great American once said: "No justification without hyphenation!"
Anyone want to chat c:
That just gave me chills. Freese is a stud.
I would LOVE to play halo live with one of the BOYZ so I could beat them! lol
Lev Manovich is blowing my mind.
If you'd ever like insurance for your invisible car, let us know.
Why all the traveling, if I may ask?
Lol>: Bristol Palin has spoken. Gay marriage is wrong. I'm glad we finally found someone who could settle this once and for all.
If you can't be merry at #Christmas, then you can drive the rest of us home when we are! #HappyHolidays everyone!!
Romantic sex>>>>
Exactly! RT : I'd love to know who is buying Flo Rida's albums.
Just as well Dr. Chop - nothing Irish about that meal!
“You must be the change you wish to see in the world
Let's go
The figure I've heard is 800K for Grand Prix (recovering 300K if all goes well)
Is there a tech meltdown in San Diego today? Servers down at work, fax machines not working, Bberry not picking up email. What gives?
Saving up for blogIndiana! Are you going? I want all hoosiers to respond!
I have a good feeling about my audition tomorrow. Can't quite tell you why, but here's hoping I'm right!
May I recommend you read the commentary from website as you try to get through the 1st Doctor episodes? :-)
Enjoying a pedicure and hot stone massage. :-)
TWO CHENS STARTING ON THE SAME NIGHT?
"Success follows struggle."
So... why is this "so called violence"? What part of the shooting wasn't violent?
I just followed about 3 seconds after you tweeted to follow him
Cool - a medieval version of a Mad Magazine fold-in page.
IF U LISTEN TO & U HEAR "BASICALLY (REMIX) ft RECORD TODAY,TAKE A PICTURE OF YOUR RADIO & TAG US
A part time job doesnt work cause you're only working part of the time
and what are the odds I'd be watching all but the first overtime of the basketball game?
I miss you more. Wyd
i totally meant to say mean tweets and that you are adorable..cant spell today
Steak Night! Get in here!
but i love you more :P
2 loads of laundry to put away fml i am lazy when it comes to laundry i need a husband to do it for me ;)
thanks so much for the tweet! :)
Yeah, but isn't that song kinda awesome? It just grows on you. Watching the Harvard baseball team's sick dance moves helps.
Just heard "You Remind Me of My Jeep" on my way onto work. It's gonna be a good day!
please follow me and my best friend !! we love you <3
#amreading 29 Gifts: How a Month of Giving Can Change Your Life by Cami Walker. Good message but author is somewhat annoying.
Tonight Mystery/Edgar Week reading at Bar 82, 2nd Ave. near 10th Street. Hear Henry Chang, Jim Fusilli, Hilary Davidson, Lauren Willig.
My "boyfriend" seth is so hawtt hahahha
Maybe like 20 of them actually talk to me. I don't know why they even bother following me.
it was so devastating..lol xD
Its complicated....
Ill Fares the Land shoutout at Cornel West,
Vera Katz statue missing from her East Bank Esplanade corner! Anyone know where it went?
24 S01 E06: After taking heroin, getting crowbarred and being hit by a car, homegirl is officially dead via being choked around the
Off to talk about Plath in today's class. I wonder how many of them will get the bake sale references I plan on making.
He is indeed! Mom's brother
You the Man
Its been 5 years. Bieber fever has to be ended.
You're not dying, you just can't think of anything good to do. ;-) RT I'm dying!
been most excellent, o'worthy minion. I'm in #AthensGA as we tweet. Big street party. give me a sec, I'll send pic...
I did
Nats trying for 9 tonight in the ATL, where the players play!!
My little brother is such a creep...
hey how come you do not follow me chris please i love that music follow me please when you get this i will be so happy please
I find pages with protected tweets as not worth finding out what they're hiding in the first place.
Money and Haters are my motivation!...ain't gonna stop till i'm on top!
Stop it already #HEAT you're hurtin them!
Working on this week's Theologian Thursday post. Any guesses for who it will be? Hint: it's a WOMAN from the 14th century.
its not that I'm drink its just that I'm... I'm... I'm good
Morning twitter world:))
You oughta be thankful A whole heaping lot For the people and places You're lucky you're not. ~ Dr. Seuss Happy Birthday!
34 days to departure! Check packing list
glad your liking it!!! Have a fantastic day in class! See you at lunch!!
I'm happy to be wrong. Don't trust the Kings, huh? You mean those Kings who are leading their series 3 games to none? ;-)
Eagles' Tapp establishes charitable fund - The Virginian-Pilot
Of course anything with booBS are all into it :b
thanks love!!
Thanks for the follow. I look forward to the Crime Beat.
Good morning all!.. Happy Tuesday!!!
that's awesome! i'll let ya know when i get the date :)
You go girl!
Yes, although I wish he was still making those kind of strikes at Schalke. But....
Getting robbed by a leaky door? Go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com to find out how to fix it!
With #NFL news in the past 24 hours (Manning, Payton, Saints, Tebow, Bounty, etc.) #MarchMadness has a WHOLE new meaning today!
Sir Ken Robinson: Creativity is the process of having original ideas that have value.
get out here with that!
get a thunderbolt cinema display and be done.
Just had some intense foosball games with and I only won once. What's wrong with me?
Yea so how old r u
it's not funny! Lol. -_____-
Yogi Berra hands down. The stories he could tell would be amazing!!! We could get a few Yogisms in there too
My 5 yr old Cousin just said you just shitted on ureself -__- I'm like Uhh Excuse me?! Lmao. She's like nothing -__-
Life is like a box of chocolate.... half-way through you realize you're fat and no one loves you
chocolate love didn't tell me :(
Tomorrow is the last day to get $100 off of a 2012 3 Week Detox that you begin any Monday! Please tell your friends :D
. thinks we should think of the science of investigative reporting. Why do some make impact and others fail?
Skeptical about the authenticity of my new #Amish cookbook since it tells me to use an electric mixer and name brand products.
AM NOT
I hate when I have nothing to show for my time being wasted. Time is valuable!
Awesome! You're the best!!! I'll leave my senate house card with it just in case you need it.
I'm not sure what I want out of this, but I'm sure I want you and only you.
This weekend I am so excited to spend time with my family. What will you be doing this weekend?
lmao yeah, I saw that a few of them are pretty annoying over Spring break, and they're weird too.
dang, tell me those were your seats?!
Lol! I was not the cam guy on this one!
Did you watch this last season's finale? Mind = blown
As it turns out, a gay man's money is just as green as everyone else's. Isn't that right, Republicans?
#ReplaceNickiSongsWithMoth --- Go Moth
I'm just saying... Girls who don't like sports..... No bueno
I love you and will continue to pray for you each and every day! Be Encouraged!
don't lie to me :( you can talk to me if you want.
Working on my last PE assignment ever. I'll never have to stress about bench pressing in front of the class again
- next time I'm making the question much harder:) Happy
--- your kidding me?! serious?
I don't understand the point of that text.
Stop takin #pics wit y'all #phones n da got damn #mirror get sum #pussy have a #bitch do it or smthn
Us Grannies are always ready for a safari. Where would you like to see us visit next?
am I too late to help? I do love browsing google fonts.
will do
O yeah!! Lol wassup how r you?
very cool. I'm finishing up my diss. on 19th-century Baltimore worker housing.
We're popping bottles in here!!! Tonight's going to be a wild one
The girls are finally gonna be reunited! shits gonna hit the fan!!! WAHOOOO!!
You really are quite an intriguing and caring lady. It's nice to see the real person behind all If the artistic rolls.
Dinner! It's what's tomorrow's breakfast! Think pizza and Egg Fu Breakfast (Kip's specialty)
haha i think this one is jonas brothers- joe has been posting some new pics or something haha
TRAFFIC ALERT: Semi fire 90 NB near MM132/133 near Anderson and 51. Use caution in area.
Love the 1hr+ commutes to Tysons from DC
bring on the #longweekend !
Predicted that the Republican presidential candidates will spend $20 million on ads (mostly negative). No surprise, but so sad.
I'm dripping wet.
okay no need to be mean it really doesn't matter.
I have none! Lol.
Excited to be able to eat Jimmy Johns instead of subway(:
Thank goodness for !
S/O to for the cutie this morning! (:
Thank you. Thank you. You're too kind. I'm also available for wakes and children's parties.
is still doing homework... at 1 in the morning.
Question about Learning Commons @ DH event. Learn more at Apr 10th Lib as Space event!
just needed to cool down. It's been hard juggling things. I'm tired of playing the same part over and over so to speak.
that shit gone have to do lol
help alex get #rocksmysocksoff trending <3.
Agreed. Mike Wickett just mentioned Russell Wilson as a possible backup to A-Rodg, that would be cool, too! But D-fence first.
I've been well! I've been working in SF since September. How are you? What have you been up to?
Way too many tempting travel deals popping up in my email today. Think I need to show my suitcase some love.
Disparity of Coors. Free swinging doesn't work on the road. RT : what's reason Rox are struggling to hit on road?
True that! RT "If you don't read the newspaper, you are uninformed; if u do read the newspaper, you are misinformed-Mark Twain"
thanks Jay!!
Well, today's the big day! We go on at 7PM at the stage.
Here's to word nerds and chocolate!
Can we un-allow the standards to stifle that...Can we make that change?
Thanks for the follow!
Josh! how do you like the coffee man?
Nothing,I'm just saying that so it would be to far from kim and ales place.
Me 2 boo :-( RT : I got this drank in my cup #meoww wish yeww were here
About to go and get this workout in for today! Let's get it in!
Does your company need a pick-me-up?? Contact us for your next flier or brochure...we'll design it for you!
Very cool! Thanks for the pic. A few days ago a listener sent me a pic of Bulldog Gin. Who knew?
Last night was epic! I definitely could use some more sweet tea and violin in my life.
People are thinking they're the biggest Mavs fans because their nails say Mavs. Um boo, mine are always dedicated to the Mavs...
good point. How about one week from today. How does that sound?
4 hours in the dr's office, so not fun. Home now, not doing shit.
melnyk personal phone call, lead party crisis manager at mc hammer show. weird day.
I forgot my mobile phone today, so don't call me.
Pirates beat the Astros. #Brewers now tied w/both for 3rd in the NL Central w/15-18 records. From almost the solo cellar to 3rd in 2 days.
Happiest of Birthdays to you Alisa!! May your day today be as fabulous as you are! XO
OK, after this song, we're done with Chris right?
Moving day! #uptownhereicome :)
was just thinking this :)
rumor is Leavitt will go to Kansas to be the DC any truth to this
Just heard the DP interview. I'll take on "my" team, and in "my" locker room any day! Character dude, character family!
You will get it done for next year man!
Thanks, Dahnya! George watched the new 30 Rock episode and poked me for not wearing the "right clothes."
follow me
.kush rolled, glass full I prefer the better things...dudes wit no money act like money isn't everything...
“: Today is our Anniversary! <3 ” <3
I'm the same way, as is everyone else I know. Hence my confusion when I read about my generation wanting the blend...
My dad likes to brag on himself & always sends me his student eval comments. They really like him! Nothing but compliments.
Do I know you ?!
#Unbound just saw a leaf from a Gutenberg bible, a Nuremburg Chronicle, and a first ed of Diderot all on the same table. Day already made.
#happynewyear to all my peoples out there. Stay safe...
Sleeping use 2 be over-rated when I was younger, but once hitting certain mark, I need it more. Need 6 + hrs now
Brand new music from coming up at 3:10! Holla at me with some feedback!
you too Erin. I hear the show is great. I hope to see it next week.
Getting ready to head out to the Bowl in a little while to catch Death Cab for Cutie and the L.A. Phil. Should be a great show.
Sleep well!
it's absolutely true. The MEK are Bush/American trained terrorists that have killed TENS OF THOUSANDS! Look it up!
Coffee after lunch sounds good.
Kitty & Dino by Sara Richard is such a pretty book and cute story.
Here it is, my first tweet. Twoot! (This is now going to be stored in the Library of Congress.)
I feel like hooping...
My favorite brewery!!
We love each and every follower <3
i don't feel too destroyed jay. not sure I would consider your numbers to based upon FACTS. how was the 6% number determined?
What a big win for the Lakers!! Down by 17 in 4th, double OT with same unit they battled and got a W!! #lakers go lakeshow!!
Who's ready for some football? Let's go Packers!!!!!
or the fact you enjoy "the sing off"?
Yours was arguably the most data driven. It was extremely valuable to us. Thanks!!!!
Awesome - Excited to get involved!
Word, this is about the time of year we retreat to our local YMCA and their treadmills.
proud of successful launches this past week... (A can-do attitude, hard work, and passion for what we do = Happy Clients :^)
Rhianna and Donald Trump are beefing? Why is this on the local news?
Burped in church and it and smelled like patron.
I was thinking a wedding ring and an 800 ring, but your idea works too. Or a Sinestro Corps ring. Whichever.
Wore FIFA shirt 2 cafe this am, 30min w/ old Italian man discussing defense. Then he confided his wife passed away Tues
Everything Asik does looks so effortless. He's like a very calm giant.
I hate when people type 'please' as 'pls'.
im off to the dr. to see if they nee to cut me open.
Definitely looking into it!
Cookies delivered to campus offices. Now for a good round of typing in revisions.
Today was a great day. I finished a three day fast, cooked twice, went out to eat, played ball, did some vocal work, played music...
We're at the Capitol for the opening of the 2012 Session. Waiting on Gov Fallin's State of the State address
"Boutique app projects help drive funding for larger infrastructure needs" Sustainability tip -
Is it us or does #Gola make a cameo in every video? Can you spot him?
RT RT #SpursNation licking their chops Reggie Evans chops will be dripping blood like a hyena after a kill
just a sign that you make the best sweet potato casserole both sides of the Mississippi, DF!
hope you are crawling, too!
SUPPORTERS UH OH G'S 8TH ALBUM IS COMING SOON ALSO HE'S WORKING W/ & (TGT). AND A REALITY SHOW TOO STAY TUNED
Absolutely, but the objectification of the carcass feels less fraught than that of the captain's daughter on GOT.
Ugh I have to wake up early tomorrow & my allergies are pissing me the fuck off -.-
Ha, yeah. And I appreciated that Carlton made an appearance.
Zeus' first love was Metis, the Titan who tricked Kronos into vomiting up Zeus' Olympian siblings.
That. Is. Incredible.
The average age of Facebook users is 55-65!!
Haters really don't hate you, they hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they want to be.
oh..lol I am doing to many things at once right now. Reading to fast...
Omg it's a mission to stay awake tonight. 3hrs sleep
Good boy! :D
I don't want to hear Gypsies, Tramps and Thieves, but it keeps coming up on my radio MT Don't want to breathe same air as Romney
NPR's Hamilton : 6% of Americans have asthma, most "in rural areas where ozone wasn't a problem before fracking."
Damn lifetime! Looks like midland bound after this movie!! Haha damn I'm such a girl!!
taking pics u
not listservs? MT : #twitterscholar Everything I've learned abt digital scholarship I learned from following ppl on Twitter.
i couldnt do it :( i was pissed off but i couldnt do it hahah
hey love
yh maybe. I've gotta wake up soon
If ur gonna hate on me for my opinion GTFO! I didn't make a twitter to be hated on, smh at this generation..
Thank you for the RT! Have you had a Sangarita before?
Well, no duh. Any real news, BCS? RT : BCS statement: 8-team playoff and 16-team playoffs both off the table. That's about it.
My pet fish is gone :'(
Yikes, bunch of police speeding toward downtown from macarthur
nice song my dude i threw wit my old beezy NO MO
They gon' love me for my AMBITION...
So we got our scrubs for school. And I do not want to wear them. They're the most uncomfortable things ever.
Old English Literature and the Old Testament edited by Michael Fox F'01 now available
Didn't get to finish my late homework,&my homework that was due today disappeared.great -___-
The #author Cole Hart wrote his first #book in 2001. He's definitely a
sounds like your life is new york.
Listening to a UK edu video, keep mistaking the word pupils for peoples. I think I like hearing "for all your peoples" better.
dude...you have this ....must feel surreal
WOW your not the only one tht has drama in your life everyone does ....
What is everyone doing for mother's Day tommorow?(:
Hey, I'm just glad to have hair!
Getting antsy, wanna play for you guys. Soonest show is Jan 8th. Excited to see you there! -dg
Finally Rosanne Bar can sleep at night as she has now passed the torch....
Theres alot of producers out. I HAVENT MET one that does what i do.
congrats on getting a single on iTunes!!!! (:
thanks! this has been on my mind a lot lately. thanks so much 4 giving me some food for thought b4 bed
I go on a date w/ghetto girl from blind date....she ask me do I wanna buy some stamps....
Nothing renews my commitment to feminism like Catholic weddings
RT Middle age radio hosts trying to explain the slang "fail"
Enjoying my evening tea before having a go at Demon's Souls. Your trophies will be mine.
I know its all a part of Gods plan, but that doesnt make it easier saying goodbye...
This is not hard, LA is a mess! Other than slow drivers, I find it very easy to get places.
Mondays suck.
You live...you Learn! Something everyday!
"oh no, I don't like my tennis shoes black, or anything else....except my men." LOLZ just
you posted this on twitter?! REALLY???!!!! (well, i guess you're trying to promote your new hobby!) :-p
Why do all the cute girls date douchebags? Seems I'm doing it wrong then.
haha .it's funny how the mind uses the first and last letters to interpret words
you shouldnt be on your phone!
Air drummers better get their chops up. April 5 Gerkin, DVIVD, Kilpatrick triumvirate gonna blow out yr tendons.
no really dad, continue. i just love when you yell at me & embarrass me in front of the family.
Supercross at Centurylink Saturday: Dry, mostly sunny, high mid to upper 60s!!!!
#EPL-like fan chants are definitely something that US pro sports lack and could use. Adds incredible energy.
I put her in my backpack on the way down and she slept all the way down... hahaha!
: just walked past a group of co-workers debating whether I looked more like Burt Reynolds or Tom Selleck. Yes, that made my day.
MC Sheriff now notifying Tosa PD now about the rail car on fire. Sounds like West Allis PD is trying to follow
Check out our Nature Pals (age 2-4) class next Wed and Fri! Learn about bird beak shapes and how they influence what birds eat!
heck yes! Little guys are lots of fun :-)
I hope so I also got job interview on Friday :-)
indeed u are
What about "Santa Claus Conquers The Martians"
Thanks for coming to the show, Carmen!
See Recorder for free live @ Cains Ballroom. Send the word local to 72855 to win your free ticket!
Fascinating documentary! Thank you for giving us an insiders' view.
Celtics, Hell Yea ! :)
Everything I like is either: illegal, immoral, fattening, addictive, expensive, or impossible.
should follow me(:
why do you have genesis at the end of your name? Oh and Bc of
Baltazar lost his car's electronic key over the weekend, what's the most expensive thing you've lost?
What would you like to talk about regarding #axure and #ux?
ok! I have to find my phone...
Is there a correlation between a person's egg-cracking abilities & their short game? Bc I'm bad at both.
woo! i'm good with that
YES! RT : Does OSU red shirt as many players as possible next year? Certainly will come into play in regards to the Freshmen
Sweet. Can't wait! RT : Almost done with recruiting notebook for Should be up tomorrow (and it's a long one).
"The Afterlife Initiation" artwork will be displayed next Sunday.
Morning Tim twitter says that this is not valid as a user: but i guess congrats to you. your liver is happy
Thank you!
Thanks 4 the follow! We'll keep you posted!
Hey , remember when we went to and had an AMAZING Bloody Mary?!? We should do that again soon..
woohoo! Thanks those are the ones I grabbed. Surprisingly good! Will have to see if I can find them locally.
this episode of the game is funny as hell!!!
today is one of these days when I'm glad I have Canadian Citizenship. If #RickSantorum wins the republican nomination... I'm out.
Quiet Night tomorrow! Get ready! looking forward to everyone performing. shhhhhh...
I'll check it out, looks pretty good
Wondering if things are going well in your classroom? Now's the perfect time to perform midterm evaluations! Let me know if you want help.
Hey come hang with me on stickam www.stickam.com/alexa2121
And you are one of our favorites too!!
Victoria 's Secret Angels Trade in Their Wings for Leggy Minis Last night, we saw the sexiest models walk down the runway sporting avant-
Heard on TV that the industry is apparently listening and no longer using 'Pink Slime'- Question is should we believe them yet?
reading water for elephants such a good book and getting my playlist ready for my party were gonna WEERRKK!!!! lol
I have the utmost respect for any soldier, marine, seal etc. that walks into a room.
Ima ask turk again
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me.
Aww Missed A Part Of The VMAS
7 Savvy Copywriting and Marketing Links
facebook is down :\ im PISSED
porter chicken sammich. yum
Titus Maccius Plautus~ No man is wise enough by himself.
Today is the last day of the 2011 DIY Street Fair! Come support local artists... www.diystreetfair.com
Live music from Galway Guild & ; corned beef sliders, Irish breakfast sausage sandwich & more, open at 9am!
Damn hard cookies that appear moist and soft.
Happy Bday to maa main squeeezze cant wait to celebrate! Too bad it has to wait till thursday.. Love yaa babay
yes, loved the pink & ivory!
Sounds good!
RT : For a chance to win a $50 gift certificate for Mother's Day, upload a photo of your mom and a note about why she rocks....
50% off for Black Friday is standard, but we're going the extra mile with up to 60% off stores.
You're very welcome!
Well said JR, "he must be practicing in practice a lot more." Where else would he practice!
yep. If libraries want to host tool shares or Fablabs, it's fine by us.
If somehow I was in LA (whether living or visiting) around August 15th that would be fab so i can go see :)
YES! Meriwether's serves up a bacon, egg & squash pizza complete w/goat cheese
After neglecting my account for months, I finally figured out how Pinterest works. My productivity is in trouble, now.
Okay, that's fine with me. The Alex Gordon pic was from me, but the flood pic was from Russ Hatter at the Capital City Museum.
heyy!! Its ! Umm i cnt favor or follow u on my other account....did u block me or somethin? ):
feel like i should shower and go for a run since i went to pizza king
Remember when you were following the wrong Phillies twitter account...
shots for days tonight. I need to pee.
Why didn't i go far away for college again?
Love every show that is on... He always speaks his mind
re wsj sounds suspiciously simple or mayb next flavor of vitamin water
Now that the term is over, head over to for free popcorn & one story about the biggest hydroelectric dam in history.
Are you having a colorful Monday? ;)
That's a wrap! commercial/photo-shoot complete. FYI: This is the first time all 20+ #Arguelles models participate in a single shoot.
I mean, why wouldn't a big green school bus w veggies painted on the side getting pulled over by police be funny?
Lounge/is always stressful/faces/wanting more/than looking
Stop by Diva Soho for our Sunday Night Party tonight. Music by DJ Kris Graham all night!
#fridayreads #librarythingreads Universe in miniature in miniature by Somerville. Collection of interesting stories - liking them so far
i have a business proposal I'd like to discuss with you please message me when you can thank you
Actually gantt charts are a good idea. I'm wondering if there's any way to generate them in some way from Google Calendar...
Whoa that's awesome!
Damn I forgot something really important <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Wasn't that a fun concert??? Sorry we didn't get to talk much, or meet up after the show. Great seeing you though!
I need to quit bullshittin and get ready.
HoeLies #47: I am so bored.
One thing to keep her happy is, always make her smile.
I'm at dade & wearing one of my jean jane tanks today! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
like 2 apartments over. He was wearing a Rio shirt so I asked him about it ha
or you could bring me food! Just a thought <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> lol
Because it just feels right #FF | xx
Peace to the entire Drivn family. We've got new cheer for the new year headed your way. Blessings to you all.
how are you? It's been a long time. How's life treating you?
omfg Bailey tweeted Vincent and I didn't even know until now.
Plans tonight? Well, get off the couch and to Local 60 on Severn in Metairie for the United Way Benefit Dance! We've got the LaCoste Band!
The scar on my face is from a bicycle accident, but I've made it a more nefarious story to my dates.
Don't forget JR tomorrow! RT : There's so much going on this weekend. Join us tomorrow for some fun at...
I hate people that ask questions even though they already know the answer... Teachers are the worst
Just tried a bread shot. Totally failed.
S/O 4 BEING THE FIRST TO PLAY TAKE IT TO THE HEAD...I BE KNOWIN
You've put the work in. Things will fall into place.
Sure Does!!! RT ": I know it is called a Bull-pen but does that mean that it has to be full of ****? #RedSox"
can you guys give us Persian/Hebrow/Arabic keyboards so that we don't have to uninstall everything else?
All discarded lovers should be given a second chance, but with somebody else.
Praying today gives Susan Cox Powell's family the answers they desperately need #findsusan Godspeed to the WVCPD.
given how well Gomez is playing and what Aoki can do...what role does nyjer have on this team?
im sorry but i do not believe in handcuffing future for 1-2yrs of possible success. signing Manning for young team is mistake.
so you're not a hoe...but you been ing religiously since you were 14?
Dept of Labor has sdk's in .net, android, ios, blackberry, php and ruby.
we can play hourse.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Was it worth the price? No
Thome didn't homer tonight but sure had a big time hit
I don't know but I could ask when I call her :)
I can't believe my twitter wasn't working yesterday day so I couldn't say "Happy Mother's Day". Atleast I got to say it to my Mom. Love you!
Running for 5K next weekend with
Great call with Gloria Feldt despite techinical glitch in the middle. Pulled out the No Excuses power tool Carpe Chaos and carried on!
Bummer dude
Managed to get installed on laptop in time for the making beautiful maps session w/ #drupal #dcnyc9 Excited to demo!
yea I know haha
So who wants to give me a hug?
To DUB We ST3P !
One of my clients is holding its company meeting in Athens. Maybe it's time to go in-house. ;)
Looking forward to seeing all of you at Eugenio's on Saturday evening!
Who do you think will win tonight's women's basketball national championship between Notre Dame and Baylor?
RT Exercise bike. 2.2 miles, 3.5 km, 25 calories burned while watching Dave Matthews on Saturday Night Live.
That 70's Show is so funny omfg
heckyeah! which shows are you hitting this summer??
american dad is such a great show haha
Yup. Can you create a method get_shortest_weighted_path and send me a pull request to neography?
1,199 fans! Who wants to be #1,200? Tell you friends!
My wife irked me so I put on my best old timey voice. "April 16... 2012... A date..which will live..in infamy." Yup, I just #FDR'd my wife.
Why do these females try to play me? lOl! Like I've been there ;.done that ; played that. If you want the pussy just say so. ^_^ (;
wisdom teeth ( :
“: Sum females think juz bc dey got a P**** dey kan tell a man wat ta do!!!! #GTFOH”
Why do the people around me have the tendency to doubt me alot
I Get That Feeling All The Time :(
Indianapolis, Indiana- need females for Super Bowl event. No nudity. Pay is 200 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
What should I do if the majority of my top LCC Offshore suppliers have serious capacity limitations on accepting new orders?
A slice of heaven: an aromatherapy pedicure at Sweet Lily. A slice of hell: rowdy, protesting hippies who have taken over TriBeCa.
EVERYONE!!! GO FOLLOW SHE'S AN AMAZING DIRECTIONER! xx
just wait I have a better one!!!
I'm ok luv, just woke up, very tired today
The most popular Cat Breed in US is Persian! What kind of cat do you have?
So many roads to ease my soul.
If traffic was a man I'd punch him right in the mouth. Maybe a little stab, too.
": I got locked out of my house but can you give me a ride home #DumbAssNigga" lol suspect as fuck
: U really rock
It's a wonderful Friday in our office. Have had a very busy week-lots of new clients and have found a few #birth mothers this week!
I hope you get as many votes possible :) Xx
haha okay me I'm watchimg the tv :)
Still pretty pumped to head to New Jersey for Bamboozle this week! Sucks Blinks not playing but I need a get away :p
Me: yu smell good willam thank yu its my douche lmfaoo great seeing yu tonight at the party!
Experienced marble polisher needed in West Palm Beach area. Contact us
same here! Really enjoy the podcast!!
Dinner afterwards?
Live Penguins straight from at expo area of #hispz12. #wild!
Hey got the pic. Awesome, thanks. Have a great day! Hit me up whenever your in Dallas
I am on call for trauma surgery tonight. I wonder if this will be like TLC. Or I'll be Carter and the surgery attending will be Benton.
Lyrics,lyrics.Sometimes comes easy, sometimes not. "your heart" is developing nicely though. A love song for a change.
afraid not - will have to catch the next one, but thanks for the Follow recommendation
Enjoyed day 1 @ #MES12 More 2 come on what am hearing tomorrow.Lots of good discussions ~ data protection & mgt in booth tonight
Haha, no. But HEY are we still on for Sunday brunch?? Where are we gonna go!
your dog is the shit then!
RT I think what we've learned is that Dwayne Wade can't win a title without cc:
thank you for the great postings!!
Thanks for the RT!
youre so close to where im from! Thats my closest target hahaha
That Earth Harp was cool!
RT : Dinner at home, w/ the fam, at the table, with real food...makes a significant difference in your peeps lives. Try it! :-)
"I don't even like boys."
: Thanks for reading! I'm still figuring out how to Tumbl, so forgive the site for what it is. Happy running!
I figure the bobcats will lose once again:P it's disappointing:/
worst hangover ever period. thank you rush
We've been doing Daily Dog postings...which isn't exactly true, it's been like every-other-day postings! Mom's been working too much!
Very cool, if you're interested, we should talk about AR mash-ups with your multitouch tables.
Twitter peeps! You got game?
you are to funny ;)
Nice work Tony! It was great having a room full of people at our last meeting.
Come visit the Menil Collection Bookshop and see Amber Eagle's work through Jan.2012. Goodogs in the parking lot till 2PM Friday lunch.
There's a storm brewing over my head.
ok awesome
Where's that?
“ I love it when you call my name.”
Having a quiet evening.
Wtf? my right thigh has been twitching all day
Sounds great...)
Thanks for the follow. Loved the Goethe quote you shared the other day.
Thanks to all the new followers! Go see my latest video and let me know what you think!
I think I found my favorite Vietnamese meal (after fresh spring rolls, of course): bun bo. Yum!
DeSean Jackson is the second locker room killing WR the Eagles have had to put up with in the last 7 years. Pretty big run bad for them...
A happy thought for your day, ""Your attitude can take you forward or you attitude can take you down. The choice is always yours!" ~...
Hes gonna come back stronger! He still has fresh legs! Been sittin on the bench most of the first half!! Lol
I had no idea you did SC! Me, too! I love all those guys. Great people over there.
AGREED! RT : At I desperately missed patient perspective. ou could feel the lack, IMO.
for justin bieber to listen to your song!
Who said that you can't do everything? Haha
What's in your glass right now?
you're there for Ed and HIS music not his relations with any of the boys. sigh. people.
I haven't checked in a while since I'm on Caribbean island and don't really go anywhere :)
who is the presumptive non-HOFer? Clemens?
thank you! the May issue looks great! sad that I won't be working there any more.
Thank goodness we have you to actually tell it how it is, Bill.
This game is intense!
LE BEAUJOLAIS NOUVEAU EST ARRIVE'! Drop by for a bottle or two of Albert Bichot Beaujolais Nouveau.
Who's making a movie? I need my acting fix...
Thank you. It's been a tough week. She's been ill and it's rapidly gotten worse. I'm grateful that she won't be suffering anymore.
I think my last twit blew everyone away!
Insane traffic......
request given in love!
lol that's so I can avoid em
Congrats to all of the graduates today, and congrats to their friends and families who have supported them on the journey!
Day 1of Studio Renovations in progress!!! Great Things on the horizon for Artists Boot Camp!
Happy Birthday Lady Gaga!
RISD Annual FUN!
lol..... girl zumba zamba what ever it is we should do it.
I would have much rather watched 50 more commercials than that half time show. Btw doritos ferry dust is best
"I". "*I* just turned around". Bah. Stupid uneditable Twitter.
Friggin spammers/hackers!
Technically, they are all initialisms, not acronyms. (You regret replying, don't you? :)
Who did about as well as Phillip Rivers....
have fun!
Biz Asia America is up in 40 minutes...we'll have a live report from UN HQ on the DPRK and Syria. Plus Brad Pitt is off the market!
nice picks!
popular topic in our digital preservation class. Ambacher seems swayed but not convinced.
Good morning :D Have a splendid day!
nice! RT : After quality time in GA and much reflection, I'm endorsing the BBQ shrimp at It's the sauce, stupid
One of my favs on tv while I hit the treadmill. 500 Days of Summer, so god.
Lol how cute :)
Final walk-through for Commencement setup. FIngers crossed that all looks right.
Lol who cares, as long as we don't get tired of eachother :)
Good opening... With prayer!
want to do wings soon?
Last call for free WordCamp Austin ticket. Tweet number from 1-10000 to #wordcampatx and win! #blogathonatx only!
u sent me 1!!
Lol! I will look for them again! Yes lunch date soon! I'm free any day! Lol!! :)
: hey text me big brother!
Go Daddy Go! Go NIU Huskies!
Ever since I learned that System of a Down are touring with Deftones with summer, I've had their "Toxicity" album stuck on repeat in my head
- thanks for the
in #philadelphia is growing again. I am looking for a perm recruiter to join our great team. Referrals encouraged!
" #Defining yourself before others define you" Sto-Rox student says- #stopbullying -
I would love nothing more then to move to Panama city.
ty YES haha i am from cali what bout you?
Self respect first, sexy second.
Just over two hours before the deadline. Keeping our ears and eyes on the latest developments from Capitol Hill. Stay tuned to CBS19.
Just bn thinking about ish lately....
where do we send press releases?
Listening to "selby Avenue" we had a house on this street growing up it was a happy time for our family.
Worried it might affect the ink. Like how you don't use dryer sheets with towels kind of thing.
OUCH New day is coming. Easy for me to say, Right? Been there and it's been the best thing that ever happened.
The Artist was definitely a pleasant surprise. Very unique film.
Meh. Tomorrow's Monday.
mothers day bro
Oh that's an amazing dream <3
i'll tell him to,when he gets back
Come dance with us on June 2nd at Rusty's Surf Ranch on the Santa Monica Pier. We play a free show at 9pm!
Shout-out from all of us in Charlottesville involved in Haiti quake relief. We love you!
Can someone please give us a shoutout? -Katie
RT : Pretty revved about having an interview in the upcoming issue 6 of
Probably for the best. Nice new profile pic too; very Irish roots.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The best way you can help your attorney give you the best advice is to be completely honest with her.
- Yes, Highlighter comes out thursday night when the clock strikes midnight, about 54 hours from now.
Is Connie still #twitterless ?
How do we want to play this? Creating a google group or some equivalent social networking centerpiece?
Tonight (3/18): Anyway You Want It will be playing the best rock covers live at Hard Rock Cafe. Tix at the door starting at 10PM!
“: At #Paterno funeral no one's going to bow their heads, they are just going to look the other way.”
what's better is that i'm serving , , , & budget-conscious realness & not a scrap of actual marc jacobs.
It's gonna be hard to go to sleep early wen school starts again ):
Been a busy day, but I am getting it done--for once, I feel like I've made some progress!
JG! Which state leads the country in D1 transfers for 2012 and/or 2011?
Q2: We're trying to add some shorter format segments that are more focused, such as short interviews rather than lectures.
thanks for the #FF love! Happy Friday!
Well said! QT : It makes me feel so good to see such a true demonstration of
#4famouswords don't you trust me?
Hey there, ! Thanks for the RT today!
Fatt Wallet's ending the year strong! We're out of stock of our t shirts! We will restart production next year. Thxs 4 your support in 2011
O "genius". We all make mistakes but please don't let it happen again.
Just announced: Virginia’s athletics program finishes third in the Sports Directors’ Cup. Best previous finish was eighth in 1999 and 2009.
Nero's Remix of Deadmau5 Ghosts 'n' Stuff<U+2665>
I wish EVE Online would go F2P
lol u stupid
. describing fascinating process used by those working on compiling Atlas to translate from legislative speech acts to map data
tell that guy I said hey!!
Just got tickets for the big time rush summer tour!! (: LESSGO!!! (: #Pumped RT? and follow?! (:
Hey Folks - anyone out there have a Playmates Starship Enterprise D they could party with? With a stand? (It's the stand I need).
Getting ready for the 47th Ward Senior Holiday Luncheon
Thinking about becoming a model? Don't. At least, not until you talk to our team. Details coming soon.
Do I have a follower 1,100 out there? LOL Thanks for all the support everyone!!!
i did homework literally all day today... fml
S\o #hometeam and the rest of the team #brainyactcamp ..love my fam
talk to me on aim :(
don't kill you dads game:p
Yea u bout da sorriest muthasuka I've ever seen
Wide awake.... Jus trynsla have a blessed day....
Life is like a rose garden - Watch for the thorns and keep the pest dust handy.
Watch out for mindless eating (especially in front of the TV). Don't snack just because you are on the couch.
hey Mr. Plush... Do you know anyone who wants to be involved in a new restaurant in Milwaukee???
haha, so true!
Wishing everyone a very, very Merry Christmas!
Whoa 1130 last night?
at the gym right now be back in a bit
Roger should have complained after 2010 F. No, wait, that would be "low rent" right?
is excited to watch the Build Madison presentations today from their 24hr create-a-thon! buildmadison.org
P.S. - I was 5. It was a darn clever solution for a 5 year-old. I went beyond out-of-the-box thinking. I thought off-the-cube!
One year ago: Endeavour blasted off on NASA's next-to-last shuttle flight commanded by Mark Kelly, husband of wounded Arizona
Today: Official launch Man in the Glass: The Dale Brown Story. Starring Shaq, McConaughey, John Wooden. Buy it today
Translight and Green Screen, the perfect match for amazing Appisodes @
Prop master/set designer Joe Curran has an excellent set for the show!!! Actors were great despite flood worries Very proud and grateful.
“: Bitch make a wish..” just made a wish Only hope it comes true Junius a real nigga like the maybach crew
Sea Otter 2012: Trek teams shows plenty of prototypes
Im going to sleep
I know! I was blowed!! lol We have to continue that conversation..
Rush Limbaugh apologized to the courageous Georgetown University law student, for calling her profane & disgusting names.
happy two months. Here's to many more #cheers <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Eh, it has its charms. But the reality is that your hands are tied by the brand, shareholders, and that it doesn't belong to you
One other thing to consider--familiarity with Wordpress can be good on a resume, Blogger not so much.
'Lil bit of Philly in my voice this morning
Maybe. Or maybe more young women live with older partners than reverse. Is leaving nest for marriage independence?
Tonight We Drink For The Accomplished!
reading what some people wrote in my yearbooks makes me wanna throw up
Are you a NYC #LevelUp Super Fan? DM / Tweet at us for an interesting opportunity!
Kathy how could i get one of those Choose180. necklaces i think there pretty cool
yeah I live right next to it
Also know effective Home Remedies for Hair Care
Returned to Jiu-Jitsu today. Felt like I was a new student all over again. Somehow my gi shrank...or maybe I just got fatter? Hmm.
New to green smoothies? Start w/ spinach, much more mild than some other greens. Let your palate adjust to the subtlety then hit the
Patience<U+FFFD>A man's/woman's wisdom gives patience. Proverbs 19:11
there is nothing more infuriating than that one and "but you would be such great parents!"
Of course! Good luck with everything!
Friend casually texts she's getting married, having a kid, and it is all no big deal!
me too...ima just pretend its Miami and DIP! lol
RT : If you're interested in being on the Read/Write Library Tech Team, let me know. Will get you into the project site.
Is going to bring home a thursday night vball championship...
I'm a G plus 1
“ Talkin to her feel so wired now”
Let a series of happy thoughts run through your mind. They will show on your face.
got a toll violation? don't blow it off. They can be worth as much as 3 points!!!
aren't the stats overwhelmingly against single founder companies?
Yeah I wouldn't bother Green unless Gamel is out for the year & you start Green at 1B fulltime, which they won't do.
RT What are your Super Bowl plans? To watch the superbowl. Duh.
One day I'll learn $$ can't buy love or happiness. Think I'd learn by now but I make the same mistakes over n over now this is all on me.
I'm not really looking to Pawn. I wanna sell.
I wish I could! Sounds awesome :)
Hi Adam: Are you going to post a Pan Am recap? I love those! Need it to make my Monday! Also, any word on how long it will last?
LOL..GLAD U LAUGHING
Heard interesting/alarming talk today on the U.S. in Afghanistan from Aaron O'Connell, Naval Academy Prof. and former Petraeus adviser.
yea as long as yall both have the same intentions nothing will go wrong
It was interesting that XTina was texting on her phone during Tony's performance on #TheVoice . I used to be a fan. Poor taste.
Can i get a retweet for my 21st Birthday?!?
Which in turn effects opportunities in the future. Too much emphasis on standardized test
drinks at serranos on monday? I think so!
we'll see what happens, im going asleep so goodnight (:
this is great a goat having a conversation with a cat and a horse
bahahahahaha finishing everyone
Rise in taxes, airfares hit tourism - The Hindu
I'm hungry might take my cousin to go get some food <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
follow and please :D x46
is coming soon. Please let us know if you will be in Mexico. We would like to schedule a meeting with you.
#IE9 install. took 5 mins + restart for it to latch the hooks.
Real deal on what it takes to make college #civeng happen from We need more of this type of talk to bring projs to scale.
At the EBSCO lunch with and other great librarians. Liking the NetLibrary revamp actually
Started a playgroup w/ a mom in San Diego for kids 3 and under w/ food allergies. Anyone in area interested in joining? Message me.
Rolling suitcase central!
i watched it
Social media is an emerging lead generation tool because it lowers the barrier to the sale by building relationship
Some marketing exec probably ran the #'s and determined a net gain at Theo's expense. Ugh.
Your amazing <33
I'm serious it's annoying stfu
If "ShareWithMe" was that amazing, I can only imagine... Man, my repeat button is going to hate me!
thanks for sharing the article out, Kristy!
Monday: lazy. Tuesday: lazy Wednesday: lazy. Thursday: bored. Friday: happy. Saturday: hyper. Sunday: bored.
Thanks for helping us spread the word about #lightsonfremont Dec. 9th !
Dell with be at #NAAMBA career fair in NYC on 9/10. Make sure you stop by and speak with Andrea Newman & I about full time mktg roles
Just left the gym, bout to chill and watch some tv
Just made two gallons of margaritas.
Good Morning Everybody :-)
DHEALTH Cycling with your handlebars too low may cause discomfort & lower body numbness, experts warn.
Britney Is A Perfect Mother because everything she does in music industry is for her boys, Jayden and Preston.
im there bro im bring a party bus wats up.!!
Just another relationship come and gone. Guess shes not coming back. But oh well i will find a good one some day.
Apparently, we're all too busy doing philos work. How ironic.
Don't start at the homepage!
"Never get tired of doing little things for others, because those little things might occupy the biggest part of their hearts"
Jennifer Hudson Shows Off Her ’80 Pounds Lighter ’ Body on Good Housekeeping Cover Holy weight loss! It may have been gradual for thi
I KNOW. cause my mom will be like I DIDN'T LIKE RNG and I'm like GAIDBWJDHWI DO YOU HAVE EYES
My heart still breaks today as we remember the tragedy that took place 10 yrs ago today.
Listening to some of Whitney's songs...what a talent! Such a huge loss...
did a photoshoot yesterday can not wait to see the photos!
will be one hell of a night WHEN we win!.see you there m8
Huge momentum shift. Ravens have a great opportunity right here.
Cannot wait to get my DVD's of #WatershipDown and #ThePlagueDogs. Probably the worst animated films to show children, but still amazing.
oh cheesesteaks on tv ive been to philly like once madis from there shit yeah im watchin
just like when the Lakers were gonna beat them??? Lmao! Sucka!!!!
Judging A Person Does Not Define Who They Are,It Defines Who You Are.Its Better To Be The Owner Of Your Silence Than The Slave Of Your Word.
If you notice, coffee sleeves can be found literally everywhere. your ads on them can end up everywhere too.
M thanks for follow - who I always impatiently wait to open at 7am for stumptown.
Love this: one student applicant writes, "I have never thought of myself as a blogger, but as our school continues to make the... part1of2
“: The more time I spend cleaning the car the quicker it gets dirty again.
Universal truth of studenthood: Friday classes are the most unpopular. Alternatively: mandatory classes on other days?
Make sure to check out a double dose of Minnesota tonight : 930pm MN Nice w/ Nick Armstrong & 1130pm
It's the last week of our food drive! 3 canned goods gets you a free med coffee! All locations, tell your friends!
hi love...Congrats on everything your doing!!!
Craziness at talent shows.
maybe bright, obnoxious clothes + bad perfume will make me feel more self-conscious than tired
I'll have the melons.
Dam she got a phat ass!!!..I hope its real..
Back at it for last 2 periods at Northrop. This class is a rowdy bunch.
Ding Ding Ding!
I would be stressed out too if that was my daughter's birthday party.
I want to get lost in your anatomy & memorize your canvas.
to nigga hit my inbox on here or fb ASAP
I actually really like american country music aha
even better when u add mini special someones ;)
Thanks homie! Let me know if you do, ill give you a code so we hook it up
and almost vintage
you do needa move back here :)
I've found when giving talks that students are interested in real world advice. They don't too much of that from the profs.
that truck is sweet, mine just turned 250,000 hahaha. I like how the whole rear window goes down on yours.
Agreed! Even live they are hard to read unless you are in the very front. Sadly, I didn't see a live stream online...
Yessir. Who's the sub?
Client: "yes, but I don't scroll on websites". Hmm, and how's that working for you?
Celebrating the 26th anniversary of first date with hubby! It was at AGR sweetheart dance.
S/O to my bro ..the real Angry Man!!!!
You da man! You're so good we want to give you some free tea! Thanks for loving and !
Tribe up 4-0 in the third with Masterson on the mound.
Maybe he could be the one:)
hmm haven't heard much of them/him? What should I dl
damn that's a good dude #ithappens #
Panelists making joke about tattoo one speaker "received" last night
*sneezes again*
How sweet! They're beautiful.
Look folks...Time Magazine features boobs on their covers all the time. But show a breast and everyone goes crazy?
Thanks for following AND for running for !
hahahahaha finally . Baby creed
Did they play the Hellbilly Deluxe tour with Monster Magnet? I never did get into PM5K. Love me some Rob Zombie, though.
4 guys have asked for a picture of me today. Omfg. Im going to bed.
I have the best husband in the world. Sorry guys.
That was a good meeting with & thanks girls. :)
good morning luv everything going well just ready to get back to work!!
People at banks are so quiet and boring.
PBOT will roll out a 10% mode share interim goal. Bring it on. This is great news.
manu's raw too!
Nobody but that funk!
“: Today is National Be Kind To Sonny Day!!” a good day indeed! Sending love!
So jealous! :D
To truly #Accept our situation/circumstance is to integrate meditation in everyday activity.
You're welcome! Great to see you back in action homie!
Buncha midwest shows coming up this fall! Check the myspace for the details. More to come.
If you could only see what i could see you understand why i want you so desperately<33
Mark your calendars now! Our first ever high school concert for kids by kids is coming July 30! More info soon! GO TEAM !
I been gettin a tinglin feelin on my upper left back under my shoulder,for like the past 2 weeks.Kinda like when ur feet is bout to get numb
If I have to go back and redo what you did, stop doing it.
Typical Seattleite: peers through blinds, takes Instagram photo of sun, tweets "OMG sunny!", returns to browsing Pinterest in the dark.
Had a blast! You & BD were Awesome. Hope to do again soon.
...hey, how are you guys? keep me updated on the taping etc.
What is the difference between a salesman and a saleswoman? A sales woman has a vagina.
please siscanyou lease use yourgmail account please please sis
A2 An exact number is a dead give away that you are entertaining other offers. Unless you'd like to play hardball!
LBB (both stores) will be closing at 8pm tonight for maintenance and our employee party :D
Sam Cooke is good for what ails you!
busey (as in the actor) not budget
hey Kash Cant Wait FOr The Old School Hour!! Do ur thang!! Much love to yall! XD
I would take him over Dirk
Well OMFG twitter just suggested I follow my ex husband. My shitty day is now complete. Well played, twitter.
Not sure the actual stats, but def more valuable to the network than most of the competitors.
Thank you
Job sites asking u to follow them on twitter. For what??? After u read my tweets u prolly won't want to hire me smh
RT : After the incident, Smoke was treated for Cory Booker exposure.
vote Republican?
I'll Have Another was my second pick! YES! Haven't won since Fusaichi Pegasus.
i dont know anything about what is trended besides what is promoted...Avengers...
Warm Fuzzy: former employees in the house compliment us on cleanliness and service!!!
Oh, and Jesus has unconditional love for everyone. You really know your stuff, don't you?
you need a date to that wedding? il come down for it. one question, open bar? if not just count me out
": The term "good girl" becomes irrelevant if she is hanging out after 2AM." Logan.
S/O to that boy keep your head up lil nigga there's brighter days ahead
Blah going to try and sleep
Although remembering you reminds us of our pain,you were always smiling and I know you'd want me to smile too so I smiled for you today
they are... Not.
I just think its bs that we have to write a paper and then another one for our final.. I'm gunna annoy her so bad Or be a bitch lol
lol. Whelp I don't know anything about science being a lady so it must be true!
Wow. No Impact Man wants to have an impact--he's running for Congress!
We all want the video diaries back. Who agrees?
Hope you all woke up on the right side of the bed this beautiful morning. I wish you the best
Agree w Heather's conclusions, but wonder if expect. were inapprop. Maybe fb ads belong in top "awareness" level of mktg funnel
Apparently the average height of Dutch women is 6'0". That almost seems unfair.
All I wanted was a iPhone and iPod touch ... and for alot of celebrities to come to Pittsburgh ! Lol - Zaona
Happy early birthday! RT . Was just given Knicks/Bulls tickets...happy early birthday to me!!!
Amazingly here is already an embryonic group here in DC area. Started in a Charter.
are you going to look at the big moon tonight?
There's always something good out of every bad situation. And a lesson.
Haagen Dazs has green tea flavored ice cream. What about a SPORTea ice cream? Not quite as low fat as the drink, but just as yummy!
Great time in Puerto Vallarta, what a wonderful city!!
break a leg boys ! <3
Wednesday 10-6 Long Beach Farmers Market, next to LIRR station
RT : " Yay! I've been waiting for the recipe!” I hope you LOVE it! :-)
All the moments me and had in baybrook >>> X'D
Kicking back, listening to #MIKA I just started listening to your music yesterday but it feels lik Ive listened to you for years lol
Cake cake cake cake cake
I CAN SEE YOUR ON ? :) WANT TOO BE NICE AN WISH HAPPY BIRTHDAY ?
My baby #sister called me at work today just to tell me she loves me and it really made my day :)
Yep God is GREAT
Tishay think she the sht now cause she can draw a heart ctfu
Zavodny: Mississippians have stronger palisades, and warfare peaks during SECC. Upper Miss. warfare continuously increases
RT 25k to 30k at the Rally for Trayvon Martin . I am so proud of the response.
i'm about to get domestic up in my apartment.
- No one ever learned anything without making a mistake... Trying not to repeat them is the challenge!
thank u
are you having the X perience of your life?!
oh wow.
Hey Amanda :) Good luck at practice!
IF YOU LOVE ME FOLLOW OUR PRETTY ASS MUSIC ARTIST
For a second i thought Edwina McCann was Jason McCann's sister. o.o
rihanna - fool in love .
It hurts to open my eyes -_- goin back to sleep!
Lets go denver!!
I want a lobster
wow. Evan Turner with the clutchness!
Choad!? U came to sa & didn't even say hi?!
Glad to meet you. I am new to all of this. How are you?
Had fun w/ last lecture at NJIT last night on legal and ideological currents in Bill of Rights. Made me want to re-read Akhil Amar.
oh ok
the crickets were out in full force! :-) haha. How've you been, Shane?
You did it!
I know everyone is talking about the Panthers and the Dolphins new QB, but has anybody noticed that Bell blew his 3rd save last night? Yikes
S/O to doe . He's goin in on these #WeWontWork topic
Spagetti is yummy ;D
lol what you mean
To tell if a egg is fully cooked or raw, just spin it. If the egg wobbles then it is still raw, and if it easily spins it is fully cooked.
Where the fuck is ????
lolol fuck you. I take it back, it's not worth it haha
Congrats to - you rock, you rule, you are just simply the bestest and I loved seeing that you BOOKED the big one!! xxxooo
is such a dork..
Look at those gorgeous lanyards at
That's very true! And that's why we're offering a prayer-app (free) - please see: www.birdofprayer.org and maybe share ?
Teaching cello at and home today.
stayed home from school, been reading all day (:
Guidelines suggest teachers decline student friend requests with a note citing the new guidelines.
if that was 2k that's game and dubs....lol
Twitter recommends I follow Subway. No comment.
Don't say that: I've just moved there!
i just don't understand how that "ruined" the movie.
Cuban's decision to let go of 2 key players fr last year's Mavs winning chemistry is as dumb as Laker's letting Shaq go to Miami!
Love seeing all the celebrity accounts that just post cheesy motivational quotes. Why aren't there more 's and 's.
Well for the next year, I will probably have no social life whatsoever. But it should pay off in the long run
Went into class teacher said we are having class outside. Get outside she says I don't have a board to write on y'all can go home.
can you please post a picture!
#XboxUpdate had some connection issues right after. Overall still not too sure how I feel about it yet
What tools do you use to monitor online conversations around your issues? We love iGoogle dashboards - free and easy!
People in the office get SO excited when I say that I'm doing something TO DAY. Apparently the old IT was lazy af.
nine minutes to quittin' time. Then I gotta go buy some toilet paper.
Let's go #Rockets!!!
adding my services to the knights of columbus , reviewing architects for our future hall and location
Predictions for the game tonight? Where're you going to watch it?
tell them to come out to Lakeway.. They will definetly hit quota!
Off to Silicon Valley this afternoon. Bring on the sunshine and innovation!
I totally agree with this. Had to retweet.
About to go to my bros house and chill
RT The primary idea for #Processing is not to make a programming platform, it's to foster new concepts in the visual arts.
How true! RT : Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there . Will Rogers
AN HOUR INTO THE SHOW and we get an apology? Come on now.
People are searching 4 action, they want to find something in order to do something "The future of search is verbs."
thank you
dam they closed the trappers its a sad day in the burgh
What's the ideal route to a sustainable music career?
Basically, am gonna sell something that isn't mine, and belongs to someone who would like it back, and it's okay this time!
Why I could never be an r&b star. RT someone wake up and tell her the pizza's almost here!
Seeing The Dictator with my mom for mother's day
thanks for the reply. 3 things: 1. Go back to self ordering, 2. Organize the store efficiently 3. Train staff in high stress mgmt
sounds wonderful!
how cute is that?!? peppermint :)
I got tickets to see her in August and I'm SO excited tbh.
On a jag: my #FridayReads is The Importance of Being Seven.
In the meantime, does anyone have any experience using AirParrot on OS X Lion?
haha damn I miss mine too!
again, the content in your show is far to similar to your newspaper articles. Don't care about contests.
i fell sleep early as shit- my phone woke me up n now im stuck. tom gonna suck
...it was terrific fun. glad we went. and you were a HUGE help w/the little ones, too. 'prec.
Britt! So great to see your name pop up today. I gather your cross country adventure is coming to a close? Hope you're well!
I miss you guys more and
Bring them in, cano!
My head is killing me
Time to get serious.
Only Sarah would run into my math class, beg me for my shoes and socks, and then run out of the room...
The natives are restless tonight. Hard to go asleep.
Brutal drive...most snow I have seen in awhile. But good once arrived. Anyone else coming...drive safely and bring patience!
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand. Frank Herbert (1920 - 1986)
Singing Johnny Cash two octaves higher....
Why do you get into shit that doesn't invole you and say shit like that when you the the same shit
I am hoping that we get to see Clay to a lambeau Leap and get all the way up.
Just played January and thoroughly enjoyed it.
Forgot that I ran out of oatmeal. Peanut butter for breakfast for me!
Office hours. Maybe having them in one, three hour chunk was not the best idea.
u r so hot u should follow me please
would love to be in skins!.
Thanks for the RT!
City High - Caramel ft. Eve
I'm always interested in my children's education. All children for that matter so I will join and retweet.
Coach Drew liked my shirt! ;D <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> haha
love you ladies!!!
already seen them all during summer lol
Mountaineer love in section 18, row S, seat 4!
#Colbert called Paul Ryan a Reagan hair re-enactor.
Check out the nuts on that Chesapeake Bay Retriever. I can see why they are such a family dog now.
Thanx to Houston ive been forced into becoming a Nascar driver... These fks cant drive worth a sh*t
Awesome! Look fwd to your tweets!
Yes indeed #RealTalk RT : something good huh?...its another day to get it right for ya self & career...#Leggo!
This will be a performance to remember!
Happy Friday and !!
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 53 to 58....
Thank You all for the kind RT's! Great day to all!
- Thanks. I'm glad I didn't hashtag that one. I might have invited some extra attention. :)
Do I look like I'm a flirt ?
and I say your welcome<U+2665>
Lol my school netbook just died. LOOK WHOS NOT GIVING A SHIT FOR THE REST OF CLASS :-D?
I'm a pessimistic man looking for a optimistic view
what's a big shocker? why am i not in on it?
Watched Dark Shadows Yesterday with the boyfriend.Now today Cook out with the aunt bringing him to meet her c:
Are you friends with "Warwick Seattle"? If not, become friends and have a chance to win a $50 gift certificate to Brasserie Margaux!!
Nope. I'm looking for the next big whale instead! Q1:Facebook targets 5/17 for #IPO date. Will you buy shares in FB?
It's always the tits...
Did get your samples yet?? Please let us know...
Oh how I love Footloose 1984 with Kevin Bacon, Lori Singer, John Lithgow, Dianne Wiest... classic.
So its my first time in trader joes!
would be counting days till new episodes come out, 'cept can't find any news. Do you know?
Bailey "I'll b Madonna & the girls put their hands all over me." I know a bunch of girls wish they were in right now! lol
I knew they had to be done. 92 burpees in 7 minutes. Consider my ass kicked.
AP style for Wal-Mart and Walmart is stupid. That is all.
Lets take steps to change the world I asking you my fellow humans: are you ready for global change? #unite as one human race!
Newt doesn't think growing bureaucracies works. Unless it has to do with Medicare.
*high five*
Pierced my eyebrow for the 7th time, and hopefully the last time.
LMAO! Tell me something I don't know.
Congrats! <U+2764>RT : Proud of my Lil Sis for being named VP of Community & Strategic Initiatives #Chicago Housing Auth
drinking and playin poker at t bones I am gunna text u from a random number
Out with some sexy bitches
Brain Floss: Athletes are 60 times more likely to damage their teeth when not wearing a mouth guard during athletic activities. Get one!
Kettlebell Fitness is THE most effective+EFFICIENT form of FUNctional Training.
yeah he got signed. He's moving to Miami.
so am I
at writing, 2 year old has been watching youtube music videos for 2 hours. Sigh.
I swear . Every morning ima find some highschool bitch to rash >> why THIS BITCH got on a bby tellos belly shirt & its. 43 degrees outside!?
Cannot wait to see The Dictator.
not even close. Mine are better so far than this.
Thanks, and glad you're going to unplug too! Wondering whether I can convince our #mcdm community to commit...
Names of the Day: Mathew and Harriet. Daily member deal: pick any of our daily deals!
Today, a kid in AP Government said he'd be glad if marriage discrimination continued. I snapped "Why?? WHO is helped? Name ONE person!!!"
yeee follow you
It's wet and cold and gray out there -- did you Seattle folks bring this weather with you for #SXSW?
-- Its sumthin called a DM or a TXT
Subscribe to three sessions and get a free 30 minute consultation with Charles Montgomery. Space is limited, so don’t wait!...
i know right! Too cool
glad your married honey!
I'm shy I guess, but really glad u changed your profile pic and finally tweeted some pics. I could downloaded yahoo messenger?
DO IT!
came home for the night sushi and a movie alone... Dad has yet to come home
Thanks for including us in your Reading Rocks paper!
Book Sale - NEW LIST! - 100+ to choose from, many $1 ...: “Foods That Harm, Foods That Heal,” subtitled, “An A-Z Guide to Safe and He...
Watching Alien w dad, thinking why didn't I go see this on the big screen? Well, it came out when my mom and dad hadn't even met yet! Weird!
Even though we've had two poor matches, we are still 2 points ahead of my projected "best possible" system
These refs are sus
At the SD Chamber Congressional Luncheon listening to a discussion about defense. All 5 agree that the Asia-Pacific pivot should benefit SD.
Parent/teacher Harvey: All kids need 'a chance at redemption. I've seen it happen.'
- Promotion & protection o human rights is important contributor 2 develop, those who don't see it pay the price themselves!
In 1918, the first U.S. airmail stamps, featuring a picture of a Curtiss JN-4 biplane, were issued to the public.
wow really ": No terrorist has ever bothered me or my family. But the local police department has bother and affected more people
Hey, I wanna get in on those #funtimes!
Thanks for RT
My favorite quote there is "'Liking' a Facebook page is insufficient speech... " I've been saying that for years! :-)
Sadly this made me LOL “: lol = Drowning Man. *lol* = Drowning Cheerleader. RT if you get it.”
A personal espresso machine.
RT I saw Tony Kaye's new movie #Detachment last night. It's way dark mate.
man shut the fuck up dont you wish it was you in the video cmon next time dont lie on camera for your exposure queen of media..
RT : Evidence shows that cushioned running shoes doesn't prevent injury in the 30yrs since Nike founder Bill Bowerman invented them.
Happy Birthday!!(:
Oh man i love how people moved from calling EVERYTHING screamo, to calling everything post hardcore! #gettingthere!
No Heat vs Lakers just taking in some Northern Virginia hoops
that's what's up! It's my new favorite song!!
#JamieHermanprobz needs to be a TT worldwide <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
i was drinking pints through a straw last night, silly me
Gosh. I am suddenly seeing the power of - they posted an article I was looking for and my Tweetdeck just exploded!
Gn followers...wish me luck for this computer programming final tomorrow !
I'll bring the popcorn, Michael!
I'm still sore from my workout Friday. I could get used to this.
Ha! It was fun. You're a trooper for hanging with Dad.
I am so grateful to God and to all of my true friends!!!
Yep. I taught her well!
...every team member will know Scott understands them.
he got hacked!!. Blah..:/ and I KNOW HE didn't like that video!.
You can’t ask people to go into uncharted territory while you wait safely on the shore--D. Quaintance, quoted in "Now You See It."
Only once in your life I truly believe you find someone who can turn ur life around u tell em things u never share with another soul
new stationary is classy and sharp! like all of your work
Walker and his campaign operate from an undisclosed location. Just like Dick Cheney.
also jack black
Catch me opposite Kelli Garner on PAN AM (Episode 13) titled "ROMANCE LANGUAGES" tonight 2/12/2012 at 10PM on ABC!!!
#Everyblackneighborhood has wig store, chicken shack, liquor on every block.
Very Russell Crowe, which is a good thing. RT : New profile pic, courtesy of Whaddya think?
Who just saw that guy get a a touchdown thrown in his face?
OK. I'll let him know.
Look forward to follow up's on focus group studies, safe travels! (@ Hollywood Fortlauderdale Airport)
As appealing calling it a night sounds I can't wait to #run a few miles & sweat this day out of my system!
The public is the only critic whose opinion is worth anything at all.-Mark Twain.
No Music tonight, just great food and drinks. Join us tomorrow for some great #jazz with The Bob Sneider Trio
You're Awesome... Thanks Danette! RT #Vegas #Actors! Check out Casting for "The Glass Circle"
Things i'm good at: typing in all caps.
Thanks so much for sharing the story. I read LS every day, it's a huge thrill to see my piece there.
How will you know if you have made the right decision? It's when you picked the harder choice yet your heart is at peace.
Plan your #vacation - just put your favorite public location in your Outlook calendar! does a custom #travel auto-search!
It's been a Violent Femmes type of day. Their timeless S/T record came out in 1983, I was in the 1st grade.
Hooked on #BreakingBad thanks to my son Catching up on past episodes on
and the Best Mommy Award goes to you, Susan! xo
One reason might be that Jack's classic roles weren't as somber/methody as Pacino/DeNiro's.
Follow Back Please And Thanx Yuhh :)
mention a smiley face if you hate the Lakers. lol
biking the trail and cashing my check
Seems like it should be Shehzad Roy... I'm finding the banned video for "Laga Reh," but not the Drone strike one. Song title?
Going to reserve judgement on the #Tejada move by the #Orioles. Not sure why a 38 yr old would be brought into fold. Re-tread too. We'll see
Justin isnt following me :'(
thanks (: and ya know we do try our best (:
there's your TAW opener next time round
I order my meals based on what will look best on instagram.
I'm doing what? Grubbing lol
Ability is what you are capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
I love my girlfriend<3
Not sure why I'm surprised... foggy morning in the Bay Area, a few layers. Now at mid afternoon and I'm regretting wearing a sweater.
tumblr please get yourself together
Do we have it? I didn't get a text.
yup and I am going to hit the 4 0 in less than a month
what's your profile pic look like???
Working tonight. Stop in for the games. New menu rolled out last tuesday and chef adams is killin it!
I may have to take back what I said about stone soul <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
it sounds like you were busy:-)
what are u doing tn?!
Yeah, virtual book group works! Picking up my copy this afternoon. Start discussion next week?
deal: $20 for 20 Bikram yogaclasses @ the only yoga studio in my new neighborhood #fate Alright..Here we go again Mr.Choudhury
I would have been good with 2 in a row.
no problem
STOP . now make that motherfucker hammer timee. ;) -
I FEEL SO CLOSE TO YOU RIGHT NOW! Hehehe I like that song....
I miss the good guy,quiet,humble U were my favorite player a while back THEN Lebron came along and u went straight Hollywood
Check Out Overtime Tonight 7-9 Mt For For Real And Raw Sports Talk Only On GoMileHigh.Com, AH AH GOTTA GO!!!
Woohoo! Take a pic! Hope the birthday girl is hungry too!
Any guess as to when NFL preview mag will be available. Your college mag is the best - I never got your NFL one tho...
That's one of my major pet peeves! Of course, if we modeled loving to learn we would never do that.
a lot :) watta bout in texas/mexico?
Are you kidding!!!? This is reality tv gold. Watch, they will have their biggest ratings EVER.
I will get your map updated tonight. Would you be interested in sending a pic or 2 to use for the profile?
About to hit up the #blackjack tables at with and This should be fun!
And my heart slows down... </3
Again... I'm such a lucky little girl! I love all my friends and family....thank you for the early birthday love
Winter has finally blown in
no worries you're good.
Beast is a beast word! Hah isn't it? #beast! :P
i'm eatin a fruit roll up. :)
Next goal: to get to 100k followers. hahah. seriosuly, we can do it :)
omg their breadsticks are amazing(: haha
Why is this silly #Reds fan taking up my twitter notifications. Everybody knows #Weeks is better.
I hope Justin tweeted Jim Irsay this week, because he nailed the Colts HC prediction on our most recent podcast, thanks to the question
Happy #FF to you too!
It's all good let's win the next 2 and win the series
Watching the sunrise on the Brooklyn Bridge... Happy Easter :)
I was rawr-ing at doc, at what you tweeted him saying. I was curious what the circumstances were.
Real niggas say true!
Decisions, decisions...where did I put that crystal ball?
Should be a fun day
I mean EVERY single word.<3(:
MLS season in full swing - scouting a couple matches a week & NEW YORK is winning!
Quite jealous.
. destroyed tonight. They absolutely rock. If you haven't heard them, you're missing out.
If you believe in something, Believe in it all the way.
Lol. Man i'm trying !
Msg: : Everyone spread the word, share and get people to 'LIKE' our FB page! See how many more we can get in 24 hours!... ...
user #hacked into a buddy's iTunes account. No bueno
's San Francisco looks exactly like Vancouver, BC. Why choose SF as a setting and not even try to make it look right?
Haha it wasn't! RT : I hope it isn't a desert mirage!
“: What? Is it spam day on Twitter?” it's utterly ridiculous, you can't tweet anything without getting a spam DM
#nowplaying F**king Best Song Ever.... guys are amazing! Ever heard of them!?
I am!! uuuhhh... 405 on a Friday now? oh boy! Play some good music on the radio!
Misinformation is a big problem when dealing with health issues -
Romeo take me somewheres we can be alone.... its a love story, baby just say yes<3 OneAndOnly<3
Hustle hard thru the snow and the hell
lol look at that! Miss y'all too!
Steven Shore spoke about the challenge of a teacher- to teach students how to express their own voices, not to speak in the teacher's voice.
Lauren Brody, I'll see you soon for #LalaLand at #BNN Can't wait to get this show on the air!
only notice gorgeous people.. am i right? watch he won't see this tweet
no, I wasn't. I just wanted to hear the end results. Hip hop isn't pro sports, and vice versa.
RT : UNC just put out release that the trio of Harrison Barnes, John Henson and Kendall Marshall are all gone to the NBA.
Jacqueline, thanks so much for RT! Susan
as a coach you have to know how to manage a team with all stars am I right ? There's no excuse to fail again as a coach
We are more often treacherous through weakness than through calculation. ~ Francois De La Rochefoucauld
50 people showing up to get their smarts on at the tracks in Milwaukee. Madison, where you at?
bartab is live in 15 different cities so you don't HAVE to drink in Seattle. Its live in Austin Texas!!
Hard rock version of Gerry Rafferty's 'Baker Street' coming from over the back fence. Interesting
It's a good night to grill out with muh man.
breaking bad is on Netflix
At least 3 RT : Okay. Seriously. How many times a week do you go to the grocery store?
Well I had a blessed night. I hope you all did as well. About to lay it down and pray that God keeps his love and mercy around us. #Night :)
#kraftwerk non-stop!!! So sad this is the last night :-/
you don't like the movie top gun?
Hey. Hope you are well.
Not too sure if I'll be able to see you tomorrow bro!We have to do some car stuff D: I'll let you know if I can tho haha
My jets got Tebow
i like to think of myself as in an abusive relationship with new york city
I miss my muse =(
Love is doing small things with great love
Tell someone how much you love them and that they matter today.
A panel of 8 librarians are talking about how their ERMS are used and implemented, plus their favorite buffet foods!
Well that was one of the longest days in the world.
its actually disgustingly hot today..supposed to cool down this weekend! I'm scared I won't survive through a winter here
- I see why you feel the the you do. It is understandable!!!
but youre a rebel because youre still on blogtv.
just told me its April 17th.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 8
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers
Being repetitive - not actually innovating or creating something new but simply doing the same thing.
Great to see you today!
ringalingling! Hello?! hi Harlee! It's the weekend! yay! Thanks for the follow! Ttyl!
I take U as my lawfully wedded husband 4 rich or poor, better or worse in sickness & in health 4saking all others til death
Someone score a touchdown..
Actually teared up a little when I heard Maurice Sendak died. Can't imagine growing up without his books.
no, they don't have the good stuff. Just b&w...
mitsake is mistake
CheatingRT : Again, a bit amazed by how the refs just decided to keep Hibbert in after calling his sixth foul. This happened
YOURE FAKE & YOU GOT CAUGHT BITCH. Night;) RT : Hahahaha, i'm done. This is so funny. I'm deleting my twitter<U+2665> Bye guys(:
can you like...like upload our pictures on twitter!? like da ones from da beach of just me and you !? pretty please !-__-
#OWIF: ... and I am hiding in a garbage can next to the movie theater because there is a pissed-off merchant marine hunting for me.
You pull the trigger count 1, 2, 3, it's a finger flip for you and a devil for me
Larry and I wish you all the best!
I hope she is! Tell her to stop being a stranger!
Any chance I could get an on campus deliver before 5? - My 4yo and his mom need a treat!
i haven't been on twitter much lately
Hah...good point well made Miss Bodie. =) I'll see what I can do...
Just found out the office building is 100 years old this year. I'm surprised it hasn't aged quicker considering its tenants
Right now i just really want a big cup of vanilla flavored coffee Yummy :) :) :)
Q: What's the difference between a saxophone and a lawn mower? A: Lawn mowers sound better in small ensembles. #fb ;-)
your mom
same here just being bored on a friday
it's time to stop killing 100,000 animals each year. Reform Wildlife Services.
Best i-net commentary EVER: "Maybe she was just withholding praise. Look at her, getting off." Alas. I. Cannot. Compete. [sigh]
good for you! Obama needs every vote he can get tomorrow. Even if your opinion makes you feel it is the lesser of 2 evils!
Wow.. the Monon trail is happening and Main St in the was the place to have lunch today
Every sweet has its sour, every evil it's good - Ralph Waldo Emerson. (o how I wish you paid me attention)
great article bout the Cats
in the words of Malinda "woot, woot." Summer of 2012, here we come!
Birthday present ordered... I passed on gift wrapping though - I can't surprise myself :)
Or maybe a twitter reading filter that removes them from tweets - I know you could use it. OMG BEST THING EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!
How bout those
St Patrick's Day separates the Jocks from the rest. Participation in bright-green-Tshirt rituals more contingent on jockiness than ethnicity
Haha “: Does the girl behind the LA Kings bench think she is Blossom with that hat?”
walking down the hallway in a swimsuit.. "where are your shoes?"
When is fake coughing really loud and this old creepy mexican asks her if she's okay. >>>>>
The playoffs make one do weird things.
Group 3, Culture: open source art, connect cultural enclaves, new histories, & find resources for freelancers thru social media
As a Lakers fan, I find a tad bit of solace in that this game is going just about how I expected it would.
Bad thing about feeling icky: beginning of a cold/flu. Good thing about feeling icky: getting work done late at night.
Phew. Because real SFish trolls would require actual labor.
Dude...I hate to have to tell you this - Just get a car...
Haha. Love It! Is that What Its called now mate?x
Team James or Team George ill go with george
,is there still some Democrats in the Democrat Party?
Man, Matt Cain's new contract really seems to be having a negative effect on Tim Lincecum, eh?
Trying this buy in for 30 bigs lark. Stack now 40 bigs
Oh yes. So much yes. So much sadness and yes.
I love her..
we should make a band!<3
Dear Genius is one of my all time favs!
us and
yeah idk she circled for me to do the major and I was like um lady I need to graduate soon and she was like its the same amount
OKC playing like this might haft to go to my closet and get my broom sweep sweep sweep!
Fluro Light Fittings Store
Talk to him!
...and I'm gonna make sure I'm financially prepared for raising a child. Folks should stop putting the cart b4 the horse.
Congrats to and the rest of the team on winning 2012 Foodbank of the Year honors from
Today is one of those days where I really should make a list to things to do.
": OMG,Is He Okay? I Know A Few Other Peoples Parents That Had A Stroke Also =("RT:yea we are waitin to get a MRI
and Jasmine doesn't talk at all.
Then do so loud and clear.!
I need a serious vacation before I make any hard core decisions.
I am trekking to base camp as well. First time and I'm so excited. Also writing a book about this and other adventures. Eric
chilly here toi having an excellent day!!
all food is good but i dont like only rice...
i had the biggest hangover, even tho i hardly drank.
Yeah, it's so WHACK!!! RT : Im so over my tmobile service.
Thanks for the follow, Dan. Hope you are doing well!
Today is not goin to be a good day
DAMON AND REBEKAH STOP
Who would you really like to work with?
What felt worse for the good people of Memphis - losing that lead to the Clippers, or losing Cal to Kentucky?
Hill could be great, kid is blazing fast with a big, strong body. Love his talent. Scares me that he could bust though.
last day at :( so sad! it's been a great semester!
thtas awesome phil.. i model my tourney play off your style. love a signed copy
Can't stop smiling! I'm going to bed wearing my Memphis Grizzlies t-shirt.
#mymommaalwaystoldme never talk to strangers!
Funny how when my life is so exciting, I should be tweeting, but I can only get around to tweeting when life slows down.
Leaving soon! We all just woke up! EXSTEMELY TIRED!!<U+2764>
so I guess you need to beat around the bush and figure out if the person is a duke or earl?
Thanks for the RT! Need to do a wine get-away at least once a month #winelover Happy
ah its so fun to look back at my old twitter account and see what i posted (:
My bad about not getting you kids proper credits. I'll put em up on the video description. Best I can do with CMF
I always laugh when that girl from the stupid commercial says "latte plese" in the french accent. OMFG LMFAO IDK WHY DOE
I'm so gay for Don Cheadle. SO COOL.
Least we can do is give them something to chew. Sorry - National Bad Poetry Day - but also Homeless Animlals Day - get it now?
I paid $12.99 for the Kindle version. I would have paid triple. Thanks for the laughs!
“: No one plays Draw Something the way I play Draw Something. #FACT” I cheat. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
In the end, it's not going to matter how many breaths you took, but how many moments took your breath away. ~ Shing Xiong ~
Hailey passed her drivers test!!!!!!!!!!
I hate you and hope you're still making it out to Cali!
Follow back please ?
#athletics may take a look
blowing up? this isnt indiana, we dont have any fireworks
#MyBiggestFlaw I'm super clumsy(;
Started following Jose Canseco. Can't decide if he's some kind of ultra-witty, talented twitter personality, or if he's actually this stupid
yeah just saw a huge fire truck pull out of Touchstone!
Lawyer speak Makes patience weak.
#InternetSociety Maria at #GlobalINET endorses "Right to be Forgotten," which would be TOTAL violation of US Right to Free Speech!!
alright free vacation! sick haha
A feeling of continuous growth is a wonderful source of motivation and self-confidence.
my birthday and maybe some making out. LOL
someone got an android I see...
Everybody who watched or will watch the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ceremony: MY mom did all the centerpieces!
Just caught and now is up!! Where are you at?
that was me. There's been a few changes while I've been away
Good morning lovelies..... Today is gonna be such a lovely day.... I can feel it <3
Almost on my 300th tweet. :D
I cannot answer your query until I fully wrap my brain around the mashup of PQotD and Les Miserables. Uhhhhnnnnnggghhh
my face catches your attention
Indians can't afford to blow games like this....
Have fun Michael!
Your attitude creates your reality and you create your attitude. Looks like your success is up to you! via <----- ABSOLUTELY!
Ok, I can live with that. Just like I don't hate the Skankees, I mean Yankees. SMOOCH Gotta go—I hear the clanging of the trolley.
PLEASE RESPOND JESS!
Twitter tries to stop imposer stupid spam bots that do aggressive follows aka follow 100 and see who sticks and dump the rest
omg I haven't tweeted u like un forever !!
V-Necks fucking rule ok.
Home again, home again jiggity jig.
#AskBieber if he likes One Direction??
In OK City shooting MWC swimming&diving championship
liam,i love you! can we be best friends? ill give all the sacapuntas you'd ever need! xx
Sigh no more, no more.
Yes, exactly what I thought!
just cuz you feel it...
We need more great moms who will _________.
What have you done to take control of your small business' online marketing? Let me know...I'm always looking for new tips and tricks! :)
Life is too ironic. It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noise to appreciate silence & absence to value presence.
#GoodMorning this had to be the softest bed I've ever slept in!
Go Nuggets!
Business is like a wheelbarrow. Nothing ever happens until you start pushing.
You're joking right? RT : pfft. Blake and Paul only flopped twice. All those others were legit fouls and whacks
I really wish this lady would hurry up & set my time so I can hit 71-S to Columbus....
Somewhere there's person/people that'll defy odds & win #MegaMillions. Then there's rest of us that have 2 worry about flesh eating bacteria
shout out to my boys and
Sex scenes always make me horny...
Her mother is a behemoth.
I would love for you to live to 600!
RT : -- such a beautiful show and the perfect Boston tradition!
haha, not a fan of the summer-in-Seattle looks? ;)
darn right you are honey.
can't think straight all day...why? my mind's on you <3
Being broke isn't an option.
Praying for the miners!
RT : can't wait for happy hour with all the ViX co-workers! Cici, Michelle, Todd, Joy & Eriko :)
What did the reporter say? Hard to tell with the video
at least we know when we come to #PSL we have no trouble finding coffee! would agree... Yes?
Why you no visit me, I make you shashlik and vodka. Inspector knows your secrets.
That is what I am wanting to do just have to wait for spring just dont know if I can I am like a kid at x-mas now
Its ironic. I got the shopping cart with the wobbly wheel.
I think he does too....
Just finishing workout at #planetfitness #beastmode is in full effect..
12 Days of Celeb-mas: Celebrities Get Festive with Christmas Sweaters! (PHOTOS) On the first day of Christmas, Celebuzz gave to me . . .
Howard hasn't seen the show yet, OMG what if they edited him out?? ;)
Really excited about the Mikkeller Black Tie I picked up from Binny's today.
Goodnight lovelies. Sweet dreams. (: hope yall had a good weekend & all the mommas had a great.mothers day (:
Just Wanna Kiss You But Your So Far Away..
The one day I'm off and he's working late, go figure
Bgc reunion part 2. better be good tonight. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
Praying for you. I'm in connecticut, It's going to hit our WHOLE STATE. D:
: Good luck with your filing! Don't forget our Support team will be here all night if you need them!
Why do all the douchebag guys get the girls who are beautiful on the inside and out? Those girls deserve better...
is your website down?
Looking forward to tonight's VIP cruise with our Design & Development team! Should be a good time.
u dont listen!! I said I wanted to go but I couldnt! Well now I've convinced my mom and I asked u to come to one this summer
What's a better promo item... Drink cozies, guitar picks, or a t-shirt???
#student Using Government Grants For Debt Relief
will be at pdx with balls on
happy november!
RT CURSE OF BUD SELIG 's "Let's end in a tie" Call continues! NL may never win again.
#Evangelicals contradict themselves saying they interpret the entire #Bible literally, because the Bible itself, is full of contradictions.
I know one 9 yr old who was delighted by the win. His dad on the other hand, not so much... :-)
Lets Load up the Plane! Bye-bye #NewYork! Its been fun! Now back to the #Grind in the
Entire countries have risen and fallen in the time I have been waiting for this ridiculous elevator.
Actually it was across from B Marsh. He could be a Welker on the right team.
my eyes hert bad
if it's Wednesday, it must be enchilada day @ El Fenix!
"Nobody can go back and start a new beginning but anyone can start today and make a new ending."
#PlansForSummer2012 : Moving, Swimming, Decorating Room, Working out, chilling with REAL friends and havingg fun:)
Soo tired but I can not sleep!
and both will end next season, only one by choice.
So, like: pea shoots. Who knew?
you should give out tickets to LA since it sold out less than a minute please!!!
Mommy, I Miss You :( We Need To Talk Very Very Soon, I Have Stuff To Tell You, It's Very Important, I Love You Mommy! <3
nice with the chicken chili... Old school recipe!
lol hey friend
Way to go WE! wins 3 Stars of PR Awards (Large, Tech and Digital Agency of the Year) plus the Grand Prize.
honestly, this weather is amazing! perfect night for dinner and cocktails on the Milan patio.
Thanks for the RT. Hope you are doing well.
The two days it's supposed to rain next week are the only two days I have off.
Wow!!! A Weekend Off... I Don't Quite Know What To Do With Myself!!!
that's sweet - u got a disc?? I'd love a copy!
last conference I went to there were several folks sporting hackintoshed netbooks. They looked like fun. So wee.
Love the Magazine! Check out my story www.thewilliamjames.com
Congrats! RT : Dear friends! We just won Auler 2012 - award for best startup in Central &Eastern Europe. Couldn't do that w/o you! :)
I'M AT DA SKOOL SCENE MAD EARLY
I kno fam I was jus talkn 2 Goody abt it. But sum stuff jus came up I'm not gone make it. But ima be down there b4 school ends
Happy mothers day baby
Never ever again, will I try long distance relationships
Thanking God for another day and all of my friends he has allowed me to meet!! God is Good # GO HARD 4 CHRIST!!
bit of a late reply but the site is great.... love the rebrand too
Video evidence! We need to get together for karaoke.
trust me, I never liked you more than I do now
finals nxt week
I think the (very) bitter/sweet silver lining is that OKC took a team and really embraced it though.
The Office is better after midnight.
How was happy hour!?
awe! Happy Early Birthday!!! :)
Mostly just pens and stickers, but we should totes get some totes!!!
ha! Been there..Have fun..I don't live too far from there..lol.
Since I don't have time to shower I have to flat-iron out my graduation curls >.<
Let them talk of men, and beg of me. - Spanish Proverb
Oh this job is boring me to tears. Fucking sleazy economy. What I had to do to get another job. Move to a place I didn't want to go
Topaz Horizon: Happy 6th birthday, Topaz Horizon!
creating my twitter account
LOL!!! No, New York. Tho they may have been from Kentucky.
It's going to be reality soon.
Have a great time in New York <3
If passion drives you, let reason hold the reins. -Benjamin Franklin
same here!!
you're welcome!
No one understands me. The pain i go to sleep with, the pain i wakeup with.. What goes on in my life and my head. No ones perfect.
Just bought a $25 itunes gift card... First 3 things i buy are Secrets, Ours, and Call Me Maybe covers by Miss
I should have been home by now. Instead I'm still sitting in the airport. Ruminating.
that sounds like my version of hell.
The fuckn ain't never been this good...
Just tongue punching fart boxes.
Snowy bike ride??? Yes please. Have been waiting for this since October.
Just started using #tweeker ...anyone else using ?
"A champion is not a person that keeps on winning and owns all. A champion is someone who never gives up"
Congrats guys! and
that's sick!
Making the magic in the studio
I just said the same thing...pains me!
Hot nights = naked sleeping nights.
Do you suffer from Boring Wall Syndrome?? No worries #MIKELPATRIK fine art will cure it!!!
We are PROUD to announce that we have received a 2nd PERFECT health dept score of 100 on our inspection today!!!!!!!! God is so good!
I'm pretty sure I just developed a strong HATE for the lady who beat her kid. How can you hurt something that can't defend itself?
Yes, someone got it.
Just spent an hour test riding bikes at South Shore Cyclery without buying anything. I'm a terrible customer, but damn it's fun.
I Love wall e :)
If you want me, show me. If you need me, tell me. If you have me, love me. If I'm worth it, fight for me.
Your as sleeves will be distributed all day long by our coffee shop network.
Good day to let the dogs loose and have a cold one. Come see us!
I've been on here so little the past few days I'd forgotten how awesome you all are.
shine on, you crazy diamond
Hey Brock! Hope you're doing well! Miss you!
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 474 9988 NON ATORNEY.
iBooks Author makes a proprietary format, but based on EPUB, so somewhat positive. Not much social yet, hoping they extend scripting!
truest statement
bro I wish I could've got that before I went
yeah you're sharing right?
remember when you bought a totino's combination party pizza and left it at our house?
Going to the gym makes you take your mind off of things.
I forgot to clock back in after lunch.
are they homemade or the packaged ones? They never sell them in twos... always 4 or more.
Yes--I'm lucky to have 1 as my Prez“: : we have many kind angels in the world:)) Thanks!
I'd be very impressed if someone accidentally offered a woman a lower salary. I'd giggle and walk out in that case.
Oh, , I so didn't get invited! I'm just showing up to sit in the Green Room with friends who score me passes and, like, walking around.
Come to the Lackman t-nite and check out what's New on the draft tower: Looking Glasses Business Time Ale & Southern Tier's Mokah Stout! Y..
Students Gone Global new blog. Looks great. Congratulations !
Would you get discount?
y'all know what I meant tho right?!
has anyone from SEFLIN contacted you? (if "No" - probably too soon) -- just asking
six days ago. ;)
#pray for our president...those muthafuckas betta not try nothing
Knock the T off CAN'T.
What's with all the commentors in your latest post leaving links to your latest post?
Is it bad to friend zone a guy who likes you by talking about another guy you really like or.
how can you who fam lol
Participating at the #DC #Idealist.org Grad Fair. If you're in DC and interested in learning about #CCT, stop by!
who still up tweet me or text me
What do you think the difference is between "public good" and "common good"?
also works to create more sustainable packaging! They have a vision of having ZERO WASTE!
my stepdad lives there :)
#musiclib2010 Hot Topic #3: Music libraries merging with general collections, or the threat thereof.
We'll have programs to hand out at Art in the Square on September 3rd.
Two spider bites on my neck impersonating Robert Pattinson's mouth. Unacceptable.
"The creation of something new is not accomplished by the intellect but by the play instinct." - Carl Jung, Swiss psychoanalyst (1875–1961)
The one that says, "Buy him beer." We sent it out last week. RT : I hope my valentine gets the memo
would like to invite you to my sons 1St birthday party. He is a big fan! Love the show my man!
Made u look twice
never trashy
Being back to reality after is no fun at all. Counting down the days until next year
We need an Executive Producer/Film-Financier 4 FRESH-OUT a Compton Hood Movie 2 STAR
Mama's in Belltown never dissapoints. Now to drink some wine and watch some Lifetime movie network.
Changed my background on here! its pretty rad.
Eff this construction at 146th street though
Nice Work!!!
"She was a Republican and openly back a Democrac so Ilm not voting for her" that's why I hate politics
“: wait there's phones that exist that aren't smart phones?” Yes. In hell
well hello there
And She don't Wanna Do Anything
girl Oovoo whatever same thing!
Thank you for posting some tight stuff ... Peace and blessings I hope you have a great weekend.. Love and Light .. P
o thank you! Just favorited your tweet
Let me just say that Alley looks completely AMAZING after her weight loss. You go girl!!!
it's soo hot. milk was a bad choice. (:
That could be poetry, sentiment, morality, and religion
Im going.....lol
My 6 year old would concur. #toothfairy has gone up in price since I was 6.
out superbowling late?
Actually, #christopherrobin runs a coffee shop down the road from me. Lemme tell you, it's weird drinking animated coffee.
guess who just joined #teamandroid what's good gents??
Check out the President of the company say's he's pretty cool
How was the New Year? What can we expect from the Addicts in 2012?
Fuck last night... I didint get any sleep!!
Life is brief, command it.
#headache I am working tomorrow and all next week, someone has to be here. Sigh.
While you have faith in God! Everything will be fine and successful as it has in the course of your life<U+2665>
We are in one of the worst economies since the Great Depression. Share with us how you have raised cash to grow your business.
My red line alewife train has been stalled at Park Street due to "police action" for 10 minutes. Wtf?
its kinna lame when you like your own status, album, photo or link.... Its like saying that somebody does like what you post....LAME
I'll get it today!!!! I'm back from the dead!!
In the experiment dubbed life, there are estimations, deceptions, and possibilities, but truths are few and far between...
I will check it out!! Thanks !!! Follow me back so we can DM! =)
Missing Tel Aviv as I'm writing recommendations for a friend who's visiting for the first time... cc
i than start screaming at him my parents wondered what's with the screaming than today i'm banned from ask.fm website
Tell yo friends about me.
Nice. Mine didn't have any of those.
wish we were there too!
Five Guys RT : Target RT : Where is Detroit's defense?
what y'all kno bout that boy Mega?!? The Realness album was my shit!!
As I drove to work this morning, I saw few umbrellas and many soaked people.
Today is Friday! What do you have planned for the weekend?
Spotted: Eric bogosian and girl checking out Laurie Simmons imported sex doll photography show at salon 94 on Bowery
This dress is see through, time to go through the closet again.
The DDM is popular, but basketball is still the same unselfish team game that it has always been
whys it gotta be racist
don't tell me what to do!
BEAUTIFUL day in #DC. Oh man.
you are absolutely beautiful!!' <3
Blech RT : Here come the "I love Reagan more than you loved Reagan" comments at
Thank you so much to all of my new followers!! I'm still learning about twitter, so everyone bare with me. :))
!!! Simon Winchester says David Skinner has "taken a fine story and honed it to popular perfection" in THE STORY OF AIN'T
“: advance to meet for the AFC Championship. Who do you like to win that matchup? #PLAYOFFS” Ravens.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Change is the essence of life. Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become." ~Unknown
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can`t take them off of you ;)
RT : My job has a opening in the college park area. Hit me up if anyone is interested. Need a whip...
I'm glad I'm done with classes by then. I plan on hibernating in my cave after I stow my car away for 3 months.
Thanks for a great morning! RT : Thank you to , , and all the #liw guests !
And hope. Poor hope. What she has been going through these last few weeks?
3 words. Surprise Prom Queen. Look forward to that Princess.
followed thanks :)
Got that snap back and tattoo's .
Kelly is at her first 'lacking' class. She can't seem to get the word 'acting' stuck in her head. :-)
Thinks that there are two Absolutes in live...friends and Vodka. And the best times usually involve both: Have an incredible weekend!
Considering investor(s) for amazing opportunity. Launching a revolutionary multimedia platform 2012. Amazing people on board! Details TBD.
YesRT : Think contacting the family or limited release to tell the story would be a reasonable request.
Fortune 500 list indicts #GOP. Co's made record $$, have low taxes but still not hiring. Top Co's are Oil still getting US tax breaks!
thank you so much!!! took a shower and feeling better... for the moment. I have felt sick all day today. a bug of some sort
changed the budget view - not sure about it. Prefer $X of $Y instead of $X left.
So over summer and classes! Bring on the fall! =)
almost done girl! be strong!
Do you know my favorite all time movie is the color of friendship???;)
no i feel like im guna die any second now
Hello my friend. It's really sad to see what happened since my visits 2008. They could see another career end this year or next.
RT : Planning a #sactweetup 4 Sacramento twitter lovers & would be honored 2 feature your favorite cocktail or...
Things not to do when the lib director walks up when you & 2 colleagues are watching YouTube - panic, gasp, swivel the computer screen.
RT : roundtable 2 discuss strategies to improve health of those most affected by the recession & job loss...
Good Morning!
Winds of change
They should not give fat people wheel chairs here. Bitches should walk to lose that flab
Happy Birthday :]
If you want to improve your understanding, drink coffee; it is the intelligent beverage. ~Sydney Smith
Congrats to , whose team #ManCity won the EPL today. Sorry about your garbage #ManU,
We will be leading worship at Calvary Baptist on Nov. 20-21. Looking forward to see what God has in store.
You're both so kind. Fan status reciprocated here.
The Bat Cats also set a school single-season record for most home wins (29) and are the 1st NCAA Division I school to 40 wins this season.
Tomorrow is another teacher's planning day. Today feels like Friday to me.
Klout now also thinks I'm influential about "#animals" ... Leapin' Lizards!
...But the REAL Nevada Day will always be the 31th.
Ok Do u have a place where you can record? If so, u can pick the beat, record your part, and email it to me.
I don't pound muffins, I pound cakes.
i am seriously so excited.
See the performances at 2nite or art or drawings them all if you can!
I eat a mango chips may sound disgusting but is delicious
Hey Myriam, said it would be a good idea to contact you about my project called cellhelmet. Like to meet if possible.
Oh man that's ridiculous. You should have gotten in your troll war, he's really good at it.
No Johnny! Don't drink that alcohol! It's a trap! Lisa is going to betray you and cheat on you with your best friend!
Good morning ppl
You're welcome love! I'm so glad finals are over with for now! Lol
Work early and tired. Tomorrow?
So would you still like that song if they were from somewhere else ? like kansas? lol just being from the bay isn't enough
My schedule is open. Should we pick a place and a general time that works for everyone? Suggestions?
Dragon fruit is so overrated. So bland. Cherimoya needs to be on that list. So freaking good.
Special characters will be the death of me.
Within 10 minutes a guy already has 's broken vacuum and old blanket out of the dumpster.
Total #overload! NOLA & SF this week plus three PBJ refurbishes and 4 PBJ spring cleaning clients!
The Cubs are running out of time (or have run out) to snag a spot in the playoffs. Wait for it.....There is always next year
It was a small container filled with buzzing bees
I'm ready for 60 Minutes since the Raiders got their asses spanked and my NY Giants play them Cowgirls...I mean Cowboys tonight.
Today was a better day... I feel kinda weird because this hot guy that sits in front of me in English asked me to scratch his back and I
WHY JUST ONE??? lol JK “: FREE CONE DAY is good for one scoop of ice cream in a cup or sugar cone. #hdfreecone”
No Answer!
I'll re-read what I send to everyone and I'd be like, "Fuck, I forgot to put the day and time!" It's like I'm an old woman.
Just gunna skip my last week of school
I miss you too, gorgeous
This is weird... I'm not doing homework in drama!
Just started 's book last night and I'm obsessed. Fave story so far is her "falling" off the diving board. Perfect xmas gift!
When are they going to make computer screens that don't give you a headache after staring at them for so long?
I am really losing my patience with stupid people. Especially stupid people who actually think they are smart. WTFE!!!
just had one myself homie!!!! Holla at ya boi fam. We need to kick it!!!
Thanks dear. It's just getting worse, I feel like. That place we went to on Sat I told you about, I made a total ass of myself
Mom's are the shit.
are u kidding ull take me to plainfield?!
Not a fan of the #Texans but ALWAYS a fan of the #Ravens D getting beat like a rented mule.
no. The issue in that particular story, it was black on white...if the opposite were true, the cries of racism would be deafening.
Getting ready 4 outdoor hockey between uw & michigan
I went ahead and purchased it - should be a fun night :-)
Watching red carpet for the Grammy awards.
ironic that my iPhone won't make or receive calls so all my work calls are being done via rotary kitchen phone. Finger hurts from spinning
Chiropractor tomorrow
u aint lying bt there are sum ugly people up. In here
cz trying not to love you, only makes me love you MORE! -yea.. I'm singing while tweeting
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!! I loves you :]
The is back with tomorrow (1/11) w/ host feat. Barry Waldrep, + more!
So I'm not the only fan in FL!!!!!! Hello #awesomeness :)
I just now saw this .
I wanna cry we had that one #game7 sounds like our bag
Delonte carter was pretty good too. We should get LaMichael James, he was a good receiver as well
Dinner Saturday night; reheated bibimbap eaten at desk.
shit that wasn't in proper request form. Would you care to guess how fat Rosanne's cunt is?
about to see the shit out of THE AVENGERS
Check out the luxury gift basket promo on the diamond dezign ideas website!
so. Much. Fun. I love mcdonalds!!;)
For Rosh Hashana usually make a vanilla honey icing - Made these streusel topped challah rolls for a special shalosh seudos.
There were some pretty good quotes today during the ACTE Region V sessions. My favorite "You can Google knowledge, but not skills."
Sky High with and Johnny Hale. :)
"how do you constantly create the new? It's tacit; becoming increasingly important."
shout out to thanks for the LIVE interview today!
are you tweeting from class. pay attention.
I want a speedway slushie!
It's Tiki-Tuesday at "The Mad"...Come explore all things RUM!!!
I know, where you been hiding?seen Eddie lately?RT : nothin much. How u been? Long time no speak.
I know I'm the one
Amen:The Sox collapse is inexcusable, but not nearly as inexcusable as their delusional fans calling for people to get fired
I'm really glad I didn't impulse-buy GameCenter tonight to watch
anything to do with the ackroyd candy great outdoors movie?
Looks like it's gonna be a multiple cups of coffee kinda day ;)
Never give up. If it's meant to be it will.
just call when you can. I'm around.
"Evolving" views on gay marriage? Jokes on you, Mr. President! The people opposed to gay marriage don't believe in evolution either.
Automation only becomes mechanical and awkward when we're over thinking things. Get outta your head and flow, yo!
Remember when Josh was fat?
#RIP Donna Summer
damn that's expensive though haha
is gonna write a song called "Brierra" one day.
Who's taking off work early tomorrow for the Milwaukee Brewers Home Opener?
DirecTV stopped airing FOX59 at 11:59 p.m. Saturday, March 31, 2012 as well in Indianapolis, Indiana
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. ~ Elbert Hubbard
Well, we are honored to be such an intimate part of your's and Marjie's life! Congrats!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE! :D <3 <3 PLEASE.
I just sent an E-mail and I will look forward to your response. Good luck with the conference. It sounds like you have a winner!
you're just figuring out now that something is wrong with me?..
Do you happen to remember his name? We have a few...
Listening to Michael Buble's Christmas album in May because its just that good.
I love energizing my brain by exercising it.
thanks for the follow!
let me know when you want to line up at a light!!
I lost both my parents over the last ten years. This is the hardest pain you will feel. Be strong, Lizz. *hugs*
Kobe and the Los Angeles Lakers will play for the Championship in game 7 tomorrow Thursday June 17th @ 9pm eastern 6pm pacific GO LAKERS
can we have fries yoL0
After 10 hrs at my day job, I do 7 hours of sound. First up to bat tonight will be Resurrect the Machine.
He had a very nice "HEAD START"
Maybe browser then?? viewing in firefox and looks OK to me
I wish it never ended with a heartbreak.
Drunks aren't that creative. RT : Am i stoned or drunk?
you could entertain kittens with all of that yarn on your wrist. I'm not impressed...
Welp* no range cause I ain't tell her I was comingg.. ill be back tomorroww..
I used to think the same thing... only a man. :)
ugh i might go to convention in az this year. But idk how thats gunna end up goin
just a week left. oh. m. gee.
forgot to tag a brother
Well thanks for trying to be nice. :-P
your welcome c:
This was one of the longest fucking days for me
#YouKnowItsARecession when your at the gas station making life decisions
New song called "Smoke One" up Now!!! Peep this track and holla back. Peace
Wanna go to 2 keys after the game. How much were your tickets? Polson "shoot it". We're better. Cal doesn't have to cheat.
what about preschool?
Advantage Pittsburgh: Brady Quinn being the answer in Denver. Go ahead Fox pull Timmy. Browns fans would wonder 'who's the 3rd stringer'.
And the winner of the NYC Technovation challenge is... Element Quest!
DALvOKC getting chippy, as you may already know. Amar'e punching glass, bold. In other news, MIL remains in purgatory until comp. rebuild.
welcome to the tweeter
haha let's go then! I go in 2 weeks lol
We love you too, Jen! Congrats on all your success this year. We are a grateful and thankful for actors like you.
I will lol and I know she gone be like "tell lex the Don I said what's good"
So I heard all time happens at the same time. Past, Present and Future.
Forever not paying attention as she walks, just tried to wander onto an active set of The Newsroom while they were filming.
They're proud of their sexy time.
About to drop down and get my #egaux on with , ,
Playing this Thursday with ,Marcel Camargo, Rob Perkins at 7pm in Santa Monica www.hotel-casadelmar.com
": yeh fine, why? I'm irish arnt I, we're hardcore" he's right ya know.
*hugs* It's a vat of BS you're in right now, believe me I know. But I at least try to be hopeful at the very least. :)
I know how many opportunities has Burris been given to show that he sucks every time
Yay :) I have a mini job during the day!
Had a greatt day !
My bus smells like a Skunk..
Thanks. Keep your eyes peeled.
Here, too. Cannot WAIT for tax season to be over.
LOL. "Shawols" always reminds me of "Towels." Wait...haven't I told this before?
we would love too! Something like Relay is something we would do FOC but because we're a startup we don't have Capital...
It took me over 20 years, but I have figured out how to forgive!
Best to you on your birthday, doll !!
I like him one minute and the next I want to get up and throw a chair at him. blehh
I think the DEA will pay dearly for this one. I bet they are calculating how many millions it will cost them to settle this one.
RT Sometimes I'm overwhelmed by my inability to give a crap.
#ImJustThinkingLike ...... What our future will hold
Sometimes I think that it's our kids who get us ready for our day and not the other way around. Go rock that photo shoot.
Killin time at Starbucks with a latte while waiting to pick up my sister from work. No, she doesn't work at Starbucks...
Hello, Austin!
. ends w Sandy Stone quote: "Don't teach skills. Teach competences..Computers can do better things than that."
Just managed to get my open tabs down below 20. That may be my biggest accomplishment for the day.
well Faith, its a party that 10 beautiful girls throw to launch our homies denim line! & bc we can! RT what is #WASTEDattire ?
you mean a Kernel Density Map (aka HeatMap)? Those can be very misleading & inaccurate. We've been experimenting some though
Shout 2 TeamLilKim! Hope everyone has a great day!!
Dear I followed :)
My new song is on it's way to youtube at the moment! :)
Would be nice, but I don't honestly think TNA can afford more than they already are doing.
Dortmund fans sound awesome. Every time the stadium announcer says someones first name the stadium echoes the last.
I didn't like going back to school today. May need to start a countdown to the last day of school.
if you are a true pens fan you follow
I've tried. he didn't get back to me. I'd love a guest mix from him!
When "politically correct" translates to discrimination, it is homophobic. I won't fly Delta. Will you?m
OH at the Waffle Window this morning: "Can u tell me more about the coconut panna cotta?"
got married to a man + is old+rich, got a date w/ a man, and a non-human animal celebrated for her breeding.
Break a leg!
Wow, thanks Mark.
That is pretty cool. Now if they'd just put it back in under "more" I'd be happy.
she all ready accepted my relationship request of "It's Complicated"
TheFunnyRacistHer forearms held his forearms and with her legs wrapped around his calves she devoured him It was luscious
Long time no tweet. Thanks for all the new daily followers! Lots of new culinary & cocktail tweets coming soon!
Fuck it I'm wide awake now
I Have A Bully..
hi Lynn! How are you? Lol I luv your avi!
get the gold ones, those are sick!
#thoughtsduringschool "I wanna go home" "why can't the clock move faster" "I'm hungry" "Can't I just go home now?"
he couldn't put the same numbers because of Wade
thanks! I love yours also :) hah I just buy magazines to take out the one direction posters, I don't even read them!
lmaoo we bout to sweep (:
Love: "The purpose of education is turning windows into doors" -Glen Gilchrist
pdx -> sea. time to interact about interaction.
Good morning Teddy Bear what about the female casting :)
my dvr and I are having a date tonight too!
usually with those "experts" it's about 90% bloviating.
You Rock!
oh shit lol....how u been though?
1 more hour of work.....
Carmagedon?! Thank you Los Angeles for bringing many happy tourists to Las Vegas :)
via my dad "why were Bruno & OD the 2 slowest guys on the team out there that early in OT???"
this sounds really neat! good luck at the conference - i'm gonna go read your paper now :)
I think you can hate something, even though that is a pretty strong word, and still appreciate it!
So our base looks kinda drab. They are planting a flower garden. I suggested hiring graffiti artists for wall murals. Sometimes I don't fit
Suggestion – Second, Pupils also enlarge when people are talking about things that bring them joy or happiness.
try assigning the external drive a new drive letter that doesn't conflict with ur DVD. Something like E: or F:. Know how?
40 days until Easter, clown! That's a lot if shots you're going to miss out on!
Whores will be whores...
#Thethingis Check out , Fashion Events Music & Sports updates.
I think they're great machines, and yeah, the new processors are supposed to have much better built-in graphics esp.
In honor of all the people you kill, Sharks this week, we celebrate you!...
Long workday? Dinner and homework help next on the agenda? Get active for 15 minutes to recharge, focus and shift perspective!
Does anyone have a Large Thunder jersey I could borrow for May 11? We're debuting our own mascot and he needs a shirt.
I'm heading to the FIRST World Championship today. But first, I'm going to a preview of the new LEGOLAND Discovery Center.
Lucinda Rocks! Her CAR WHEELS ON A GRAVEL ROAD is an almost perfect LP.
Sweet! Watch out for my fastball though!
Sure thing! That's our favorite too! :)
MT : Our Teaching & Education Career Fair runs from 12-3 PM Thu. Apr. 5 at PPG Alumni Center. RedID required for attendance!
And with unionized domestic PV manufacturing!
hey! thanks for the follow (: be sure to checkout ! (: have a great day! xoxo
“There’s a lot to be done while your head is still young” -
Just remember, you kill it...you eat it.
Stay positive tweeps!! Success is 90% mental! You can alter you life by altering your MIND..
thanks for being awesome to us at our first event! Ladies love bartender Bob at Beer School Bar!
dirty filthy icky self. sweet show vt : ) driving home
#favouritelyric and though time goes by, I will always be in a club with you in 1973, singing 'Here We Go Again'
I can't see Jake's page, it gives error. -,-
Are you guys ready for your first day back?
I'm really excited to be sharing the stage with some amazing marketers today at #lidigital. Looking forward to seeing everyone there.
One direction<3
How are everyone's resolutions?
Safe flight! Good seein' ya IRL.
I love that song :D
St. Patrick drove all the snakes out of Ireland. It made him a hero to everyone except the one guy that made his living as a snake charmer.
How many of them brush their teeth in the shower? (Answer 4% of the general consumer populace.)
At Seau's the Restaurant celebrating his life
I did too lol and i want a shoutout, how can i get one?
u a mom mya?
But you didn't have to cut me off.
Okay thanks(:
Cause everything is never as it seems
Super bowl the only day were you actually watch the commercials
- i honestly don't want to see the Astros move to American League. Send the Brewers!
I have no idea what last place is like but I bet your radio station does.
Rashad dont want to take me to get something to eat
How TF does harden have 3 fouls ?
There's an old saying about those who forget history. I don't remember it, but it's good. Stephen Colbert
#immvt active learning is different for different types of learners
I want to go buy pumpkins...lots of them...
that makes no sense
thanks for coming tonight & sharing your passion with us students! Big thanks for making the connection too!
Good Afternoon, Houston! Don't forget tonight is Anime Night starting at 7pm. Tonight we will be watching Asian movies. Come join the fun!
Thankful for wonderful partnerships - LookingGlassPhotographs
O, so next item on the agenda is the road trip! I'll txt y'all later to setup deets.
Things are Rockin! at this little library for little people and their big people. 45ish people is the space of an ave liv/din rm. All Good!
Ugh. Just woke up, feeling shitty.
When I was younger, I would put my face close to a fan & talk to hear my robot voice...
is most likely the sexiest person alive
#thingsnamedafterdowntonabbey I've already named my ipod, my car, and my dog...naming my laptop William for its stability and sweetness
Man seeing a tweet about taco bell really makes me crave it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!;P
#FACT...HE IN MY CALL LOG....HE IN MY TEXT MESSAGES...#HEMYHO2!
Payin a lil trib 2 Whitney's #ILookToYou album. Not the voice we r used 2, but still some good Whit pop/soul
You make a good point. cc
Thanks, Olivia! I'm pretty sure we had a glass of wine or two when we came up with the name and logo!
20% Off Coupon code: TheHookup Get yourself some hot new clothes at www.Lunatikclothing.com
roger that.
Also bubbl.us for me RT : Remember to look up: tiki toki/ timeline & many eyes.
i wanna get a tattoo >>>
Q2 Maybe mention some of the really different libraries. I was fascinated to learn that Disney and the Pentagon have/had libraries.
I freaking love it! Been on repeat all day long. Favorites are "living in the moment" and "93 million miles" right now
Keep up the great work in Georgia!
I wanna meet new people
Ranger things have happened!
"If your in the mid west or east coast & wanna train #MMA R the spots to go. Get your #MMA game up! #FB"
Describe what is was like being Interviewed by MSNBC's "Tamron Hall" on Friday? Did she cut off your Microphone?
Nice shoes. Theyre in the way of ur lovely feet ;)
Going to take my permit.....wish me luck!!!!
Who's excited for this weekend?!? I'm looking forward to a great event.
Saqib and Marcelo at #warmgun design conference. Great speaker and panelists line up. Good event.
Tell your friends to follow us on facebook and twitter!
You can only fight fire with fire so many times, until everything burns down
Tomorrow Friday.. Damn this week went by fast!
No, no. Thank you!
RT : A very happy Follow Friday to anyone I missed -- my followers are the kindest & most fun. : ) Yes, I mean you.--DITTO!
This is perfect weather to enjoy an Iced Latte and cup of Tiramisu. Stop by and get yours today!
Friday W.P. Pizza party at Max & Ruffy's! Ever wondered what the W.P. stands for? Go to our Facebook fan page to win a free box!
is he dead?
"Follow and RT to win prizes from the Mega Giveaway II"
not yet! i will as soon as i get home;...WEDNESDAY! :))
Watchin notorious sore as hell...
Great night! Lucky girl!
harley could you please follow me, ? ;)
A TARDIS would work perfectly!! Now where can I get one?
Hahaha!! Think I saw kickstands on those boots RT : were u guys dancing in slow motion?
I love looking at 's pins!
Love you guys! I've taken my family to a number of your performances--what a great group! So glad I got to hear you on Tues.
or. . .both combined!
#Chicago City Council is honoring a heroic Naval officer on the 25th Anniversary of the Iraqi missile attack on the USS Stark.
Certain people just make others they work with better. Might not be flashy, but take good and make "F yeahs" happen. Know anyone like that?
Thinkin of a master plan
good mornin world....
" Use your boobies for good, not evil "
RT : Join us every Tues- International Jazz Organist Tony Monaco w/ Derek DiCenzo & Reggie Jackson: cover only $5
After the attack Kevin Nash-a, Triple H got a strong brain concussion and multiple fractures of vertebrae.
RT : Member engagement to drive down metabolic syndrome is critical. What new solutions should we try?
maybe they were just Hungrey an needed a cool Place to stay?
tweet tweet :)
MY BOY ROCKY LAYETH THE SMACKETH DOWN ON MIZZ N TRUTH... JOHN CENAZ LADYZ PARTS NOW TRENDING WORLDWIDE LMAO
Twitter. The ultimate "me, me, me…" There is no conversation here.
what are some of the words in it ?
tx bro
thank you so much! So happy people are reading and enjoying! Happy new year!!
Draw lines. GOP wants to extend tax cuts for rich - but not support for the unemployed.
i still have your mom in my phone from folklife 08. Thats really weird, right?
Can't sleep
I'm so confused... Since when is she a writer? Lmao
idk it's really weird o_O
I'll have you living life like you should. You say you never had it so good.
Spin class makes me far too aware of my private parts in a public place.
That is located between Tower and Pena on Green Valley ranch blvd
Make sure you are tracking your #traffic sources. It will save you money in the long run.
Hey twitta what's up
cute screen name!
I Love #TheHungerGames Great Movie Your Beautiful With blond And The Color In The Movie lol
did you sleep all day?
Take one step at a time toward your goal, and always measure your progress along the way.
Hey People! Guess who's on the Twitter? Follow him!
The Help is one of those rare movies that can change how people treat each other. Strong theme. Great characters. No silly chick flick.Real.
#Funfact: some of the same equipment used in building the #Alaska Railroad was used in the construction of the Panama Canal.
Austin's Year 2012 !!!!
Mortgage Master Names Donald Henig Managing Director, National Sales
Confidence is easy when I focus on the successes in my life. Each day I feel more confident in my abilities. | via
i don't know much about algebra but i know 1+1=2
#OneWordThatDescribesHer Beautiful . Just Beautiful...
31st. And school and work :(
Has anyone committed $ to advanced measurement platforms, or do we all still rely on free tools and elbow grease?
OK maybe, MAYBE, there's a slight chance I'm ready to admit that I was wrong. SLIGHT CHANCE. :)
i want ur book soo badd! i havnt had time to get it but im sure i will!!
but if u do i cant break my promises to my gf and her 4 year old daughter Alyssa
not sure what ur comment refers to but I'm black and Latino and I hated the BS I got from black and Latinos while living in NYC.
I know, right?
I'm out peeps, later.
See everyone at the Bucks game tomorrow!
Work... That sucks! But, #YouGottaDoWhatYouGottaDo right? :P
This is not Miami
Uranium contamination in Punjab: Parliament panel slams Centre - Hindustan Times
superstar! we need to get together, it's long overdue!
:) RT Hotel Carlton has free wine every afternoon and awesome dude straight out of Hot Chocolate playing tunes on electric keyboard
I think in the US they would give naming rights to the artwork for that amount of cash.
I've finally found the one thing that the government actually does well, enthusiastically and effectively: bureaucracy.
I am wise. I knew they would come in handy. In the future. Which is now.
2012 #SGIAExpo Exhibitors - Don't forget to check your inbox. March's #ExpoExtra dropped last Thursday.
Gym. Tan. Drink. We call this gtd. Fuck gtl
New writer's diet. Red zin and a bucket of whily-popped popcorn. This outta last me until 9:45... when I run out of booze.
Really good #social tip: Have your small business on multiple social sites but dominate one.
Boxy sent me some notes for a meeting I have to run tonight. She used Comic Sans because she knew it would annoy me. What a great sister...
It's crazy how the other day I was that freshman that didn't know where the bathroom is, Now were about to become the seniors
Toronto is coming out ahead on that deal!
Apparently the Knicks want #itsdifferenthere to be the hashtag.
teaching isn't showing students what you know, but where to go....
yes, a lot of times ill open a menu or something in flash and only get half of the menu, this is getting very annoying
Heading back to Boston this morning!
Can they afford it? RT : #MLB plans to announce tomorrow, at City Hall, that the #Mets will host the 2013 All-Star Game.
Don't have a Facebook cover photo? Don't panic! We still have our $97 cover photo promotion going on until April 6th. Then the price...
That's deep
Watchin the cookout 2...this is a funny ass movie
I've been reading the summer MECA brochure - SO many classes I want to take! That techie class looks exceptionally good...
that's good! Mom said you were making a pretty quick recovery! Prayin for you :)
where u working at now?
Tuned in!! “: Here we go week 2 starting now!”
I have roughly 700 pens in my car
So to talk about stealing money from the Housing Production Trust Fund just doesn't make any sense!
RT rtnailed it. RT : cold is finally here {and snow}
your glasses are as big as your head! ;-)
Two words: Cloaks merch. I need new hoodies for my move north. Just sayin'.
Pooty tang was a horrible movie
hi you would get 50% refund. You can also transfer the full value to our LV show in January.
hell yeah but urs is too!!! Where were u goin?
Thanks for being amazingly fast and getting me tickets for !
Pizza of the day: blackened chicken, roasted peppers, and sausage. Just $11 and free toasted ravioli if you mention tweet!
So much blue down here
I SEE WHY EVERYBODY GOT
you so lame
TONIGHT - Special Guest DJ's J Bowra, Paden Norelle & Sketch along with Lotus Resident DJ's XES & Justin George @ ABQ's Best Danceclub!
People who live in the moment >>>
I am so lucky to work with such crazy talented people.
good luck to any softball teams still playing.
Nah, seen it tho. Any good?
it's real. It's the truth. It's why they serve. We all need to be thankful for this.
Pull up in that Ferrari, this bitch in disbelief.
Why is there always one #dumbass that starts a fight in the club.
Haha, that's okay. I can do messy. Lol.
I don't remember your personal.
Rhythm of the night" is mad baleric larry
It's raining elephants and giraffes outside....
Let nothing be done through selfish ambition or conceit but in lowliness of mind let each esteem others better than himself Philipians 2:3-4
Our clean & green team are out their keeping Midtown looking good despite the bitter cold weather.
What symbols would be useful for organizing a Participatory Budget Meeting?
so glad you liked it!! :)
Gorgeous sunny day outside! Hard to believe its only 46 degrees out and will only get to 60 today.
What inbox you mean direct message ?
If Bynum gets touches.....
Just heard Jane Vanslyke passed away
that it is
lol that is awesome!
LET'S HANG OUT EH?
I turned three guys down for you why dont you feel the same way
ask any midget ...nd they will tell u life is short
Heey will u follow mee back please(:
Ill just text you :)
I dont wanna die in thew hunger games, but i love katniss
Disagree then agree. Staal is a unique talent because of mix of skill, size and hands. He's Marc's size with Eric's skill.
#livetweets from church: "god will never abandon us." Unless you're gay, poor, or not an American.
yea ok way to say good bye
let's hope so! Will I see you before SMTown sometime this weekend to pick stuff up?
Are you sure? even after requesting a refund?
wanna play? Haha
i love gilly hicks :) the clothes are so pretty :) #wearingagillyhickshoodie lol
follow me I'll follow you 8~}
followed you :)
No, seriously, who wants to join my Joakim Noah Pizza & Guns Club?
Can't wait to see tomorrow. Watch out New York here I come !
No school for me...out shipping an shit
Met a very interesting tuba player turned flutist in search of the perfect head joint yesterday....
when I get that feeling I want sexual healing lmao
I somehow forgot how wonderful Eric's Trip were. Thanks for the reminder
But in Barack I Trust!
thank you
thats all that matters! :) keep doin what you love! :)
is the greatest of all time #teambringit runs
Good Morning Everyone. Have a fantastic day
Is the state of CA going to give me my tax return? Or will I be getting an IOU?
Moe's with My Mama
#CyberMonday Deal of the Hour - Free $150 CityWalk Coupon book and $50 off a Universal Studios Package for 2011 or 2012! Call us at...
Success is moving from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. ~ Winston Churchill
that's right. Star students.
How Me Sum Gurl
everyone keeps telling me i seem 'off' with them recently, oops:l
Amber Live tonight featuring performing at 10PM-1AM! You don't want to miss this performance!
Thanks for the shout out Eric! Much appreciated!
Jasmine Andrews talks about her experience as a student, JOMDC youth company member and now outreach program teacher!
Thanks for the follow, Sounds like you have the perfect family!
The work that is really a man's own work is play and not work at all
A Christmas Bash thats unforgettable for the Grown and Sexy #Shadow Room..Ladies free until 12 fellaz $5..Its going Digital
If you read one book every 3 yrs like me, this wouldn't be such a big issue #ImOnTwitterNow!
have to see how my night goes tomorrow
Thinking about you mnakes my world go around and around.
I will email you Bruce. Are you still awake?
Have a lot to do in a very little time. Hope I can get it all done. Took too much time off over the weekend
your last tweet;p
On a scale toe to head, I'm at about the ceiling in regards to school. Make it end. I want to move on to get a job / actually learn. #ugh!
Maybe so. Not a bad idea. Might cut into my #ActuallyMakingMoneyAtThis plan though.
Amendment on the House floor right now would block Justice Dept. from defending the health care law.
#RETWEET THE REAL D$MONEY NO COUNTERFEIT MIXTAPE WILL DROP ON DATPIFF.COM FEB. 24 2012
I'm really not sure. I think we'll find out though ;) I'll be generous and not judge him immediately :)
Don't worry, I share your paranoia :) I worry about unforeseen consequences of mining the data
a brimmed hat?
you would retweet that with no mention of Richard Jefferson so it looks tawdry.
whens the next match?
your a dummy...wyd tonight?
That is my new favorite site. I thank you profoundly!!
i cant wait to hear about the blogher conference! where is it?
I had the same thing happen a month ago.
Our EP is now available for FREE download at www.historyrepeats.bandcamp.com ! Download it share it with your friends!
miss you girl x
Southwestern College Hoops Program will hold it's1st of 2 weekend basketballs camp in May.. Contact for info
here in Texas living the dream:-) Where are you sugar?
I wonder if Manny Pacquiao learned what The Bible says about gays while reading it to his mistress?
Foam rolling my quads was so incredibly painful today. It didn't help when my cat jumped on my hamstrings half way through.
Sitting on my couch waiting...:\
Depends on if this team wins a NCAA title. If they do it will be one of the top three teams of all time.
I can't stand people that smoke or do drugs. It'll eventually kill them so they need to stop. It's like they want to die.
And it's going to get worse around the globe. People suffer when it comes to monopolies.
Follow us on Twitter today or We follow back.
you guys threw the most beautiful baby shower ladies!!! Xo
At it again bright and early tomorrow!! Have a great weekend everyone!!
oh fuck you and no it aint so go away thanks >.<
your going to follow me before I graduate right? :)
You cannot grow unless you are willing to change. And you will not change unless you change something you do every day.
My day is finally settling down. I can't wait to get to Pittsburgh for the NCAA Tournament!
kiss me I'm Irish!!!
Reading Training on Trial by Kirkoatrick...good read so far
Staff inservice day at Sandusky Library!
Eric Pickles 'curry colleges' and the secret of chopping onions: Government hopes centres will address skills sh..
Did you know that we brew NOVO COFFEE here? A.K.A "Denver's Best Local Coffee Roaster?" Congratulations NOVO! Try some here.
shower shower shower time. feeling a lot better now. :D
home goods
I see you girl nails done. Hair done. Everything did.
O_o good luck bro
Oh yes, I've heard. RT : I would consult for all things art & cats
Used the GPS on my phone to help a stranger find directions, only to realize that we were already on the cross street he was looking for.
Feeling adventurous? 4.2.0 beta is out! Tons of new features. I'm updating the docs now. Please let me know of any issues on github.
Parents who abandon their children, don't think you can pick up where you left off in the relationship. Children move on without you.
Thanks for the RT, I can always use a little help! Stay safe!
Uhmm beach windy not cool
your salt and pepper link isn't working
Friday nights really suck for tv. I am watching baseball out of sheer desperation.
looking like June.. When u back?
Bus and plane rides when you're sick are the worst. I'm also sick today. I took a real sick day today to recover.
thanks for the heads up!
“: I need you right now, are you down to listen to me?”I'm here <3
#FredWillard cameo...AWESOME
I would love to connect when you're back in SF. Give me a shout when you're in town!
thank u so much, u r totally #Awesome!
just in time for the UNEXPECTEDLY long ass line already in progress! :/
Appreciate having on the show tonight. Now its time to watch do or die for my New Jersey Devils
What's up cuhzo???
that seems very freaky. I wonder what sort of permissions were needed from his family/estate before doing something like that.
I walked home from work last night--or should I say, bounced! Gorgeous evening, Miss Flaneur!
I posted a review under Brett's name () on 3/7/12. Great book- I recommend it to everyone!
Hi Kali! E-mailed you.
i'm over these playoff refs.
How this nigga get mad bc i talk to others? Nigga if u respond to calls and txt more then i wldnt but hey ull learn one way or the other.
Joe Henderson wrote "Inner Urge" after waiting in an especially long line for the mens' room. Return of #kennygjazzfacts !
Two hours looking for some paperwork, and still haven't found it.
There's only a sure thing with people who is part of your past...and it's that for sure they ain't gonna be part of your future
Glad you enjoyed it :)
I'm never going to get a car the way shit keeps going
"What's Love Got To Do With It?"
thanks for the follow Amy!
Lots of this to look forward to :( RT“: Teared up a bit last night in London. Dangit.”
me neither!
I'm so sorry to hear about your back.:(
I hate that L can so easily surf through netflix. I try to hide the fact that Dora is still available on netflix because I am tired of it
Awesome night
Anybody else feel like it's impossible to get anything done at Starbucks?
I LOVE #WhoppiGoldberg!
That's awesome - I love it !! You're not alone my man !! Keep it movin !!
I can understand why Serena is pickin on Lola, she annoys the eff out of me!! Lmao!
Now following~~~>
Its good to know that your loved
you have more dude your awesome
whatever kinds. :) whatever is good. Our latest sign is DJ Mourad. Formally of Aaron-Carl's Wallshaker Records. We do it all.
Host Suzanne presents an exercise routine adapted from Western African dance movements, accessible 2 fitness enthusiasts of skill levels.
One of the greatest music festivals is SXSW in Austin, Texas.
it's not common to see dudes in the regular gym doing Olympic lifts
Show this Sunday at Skylark Cafe on west Seattle. Playing with Sap'n!!! Our fav local band! They are so much fun to see live.
: Thanks to for designing our jersey! :: The pleasure is all ours! We love being a part of your great ride!
What do you mean by there was lots of different listings? Do you still wish to send it to us for representation on the blog?
oh, mmk :P
Two new foster dogs - Dino and Beth.
Best passing ever.
Where do you want us to come to in 2012?!?
Dust, you seen Alexis's dad?? HE LOOK LIKE FUCKIN RICK ROSS. WTF. Red car, red diamond rims. wtf.
yo bitch shut the fuck up and bitch you cold have you him cause he wouldnot be trying to talk to me hahahalmao
lol "I only have one degree from Harvard, he has two. What a snob"
20 yrs ago we anticipated a surge in crime that never came. Shouldn't we change our policies to make up for that mistake?...
Reality is leaving behind the old structures and seeing what is. It is a constant process of change, investigation and acceptance.
Find someone who will change your life, not just your "relationship status"!
the thursday, friday, and saturday before Easter
Guess what? Chicken butt. But seriously...we go live at Jerimiahs on Monroe for happy hour. Come drink a Common Man
At the skatepark with my broham
Will there be a make-up show in SF for Veronica Falls?
RT : Crowd just arrived at Frank Ogawa plaza, old home of #OO. Now a street party blocking 14th and broadway, with music by...
MLB.TV iPad app is amazing and totally worth $. Opening day is right around the corner!
#HMG isn't only hip-hop! Stay tuned for more music from early this year!
That's probably a good idea. Thanks for the help!
RT : "It is not true that nice guys finish last. Nice guys are winners before the game even starts." -Addison Walker
Just got my butt kicked in class. I needed it.
Three more days till best coast!!!!
Everyone says you cant love someone else until you love yourself not true loveing someone else makes you learn how and why to love yourself!
And when I said 4, I actually meant 6. Damn. Time flies.
These ppl out here spending their last on a 176million chance to win the lotto...that ish cray
thanks, i appreciate the support.
there is an argument about fonts happening
Hey--Congratulations!!
I had a guy come up to me at a bar last night, and ask why I was wearing heels instead of flats..he said flats were more flattering.
Wish I would have been at #MSG today. Thoughts from those who were there to see the show?
"You can't break my heart. It's liquid- it melted when I met you."
did you see Todays new episodes?!!?
I'm losing interest..
ok so I liked this boy for a long time now and now my friend likes him to! Thing is she never knew I liked him to!
Your just making your case even worse... sucks for you I can't change their minds .... (:<
NO LIE
It's not just the inflated costs for F&B at AMC--its the long lines for food service. Poorly staffed--poorly managed.
Ask if they sell snap-tight coffins
Happy New Year! - Be always at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, & let each new year find you a better man. ~ B. Franklin
I see. I hope you get a nap today!
Read your bio & really liked it - so I decided to follow you (along with your other 16k followers!) ;)
Commodities consulting role with top 25 law firm in NY; temp to perm. For more info email:
how do you make people bf's
oh oh! me too! I think drinking wine makes you more of a
I cannot wait until they figure JP out!
copy that
They are setting you up:) it's coming...LOL
On a cheerful note: Hey, how about those <some sport team> I could give shit about? Watch Rollerball and get back to me.
aw im so sorry that was a hacker that sent that to everyone on my twitter account :( :(
Mary and i are going boating tonite with Vince Vaughn and his fiancee
Off to see in #Louisville today...it'll be this July for multiple performances. On Sale Now.
I don't even get the whole trending thing really, but woo hometown pride
I don't know of rap is at a high or low right now.
i can't wait for summer omg. i get out june 11th, when do you?
Ah, I wish #bradfordbeach had an organic juice bar :)) - if only there were a mobile juice bar that could park there...bahaha
: I love you back! And I can't wait to read about your adventures now that I have time to do more besides work and eat.
Oomf is desperate for someone to text him.... Is it that big of deal I mean really,, hahaha
Hi Elena! How are you? Getting ready for your expeditions in S.A.?
I am a HUGE FAN of so far...amazing service, fabulous drinks, delicious food.
I'm declaring that by God's abundance my needs are met!
Seen on my TL, I checked out her page. 1st off girl bio is on point! 2nd I like her avatar pic! Lol haha Just Showin love! :)
Waiting for this Aleve to kick in so I can go for a quick run. So beat. I need another day...
"If you fail in originality then succeed in imitation."
looks like actor Joel Edgerton from the upcoming film 'Warrior', if he lost a few inches and had any testosterone
So I didn't plan on cutting my hair again for a LONG time but I think it's time..
No (but thank you). I mean does it bug you when you're mistaken for an old lady?
Omg so do it! Irresistable! Yum! Haha lol and btw you seem really chill! :) haha
Just bought my ticket to WordCamp in SF
needs to happen...no more talk!
yeah. I guess I expected a harvest moon.
Wishing you luck for your upcoming June test, ! :)
Girls that "assume" drama and believe everything they hear. >>>
LOL! Where is that Flyer offense? NJ Devils have to go down. They beat the Panthers last time they were in the playoffs.
Great year Great year, great effort.
Thanks for sharing, Kate. We're pretty fond of it too.
this week? We are about to put out the new one!
So many of the people that you deal with confuse me out of my mind...and I work in juvie!
Jordan's facial expression's while performing.
How amazing.
Yup! It showed me you guessed cookie & passed. Went back to 1. And then back to 143.
You know, i"ve just realized something. I DON'T TRY HARD ENOUGH! Things will be soo much better if i actually tried.
same with me for chamillionaire.
#Denver #ShineYourDivine with us 4 the Child of Light Conference in June!
Dis mf gotta be chopped......yu mess wit my friend nigga!. Tf?. Ugh mfs be irritatin...i really dislike dumb ppl.
I get to go home! Yay!
GO WEST !
my favorite actor at the moment is and my favorite actress at the moment is :)
#IHateItWhen I see a church usher wit initials tattoo'd on her neck (scares me that GOD mite have came already)
Who needs Siri when I have Bubbi (a.k.a. Nana, Abuela & Grandma)?
I love lightning boobs.
I should sleep. It's back to work tomorrow. Should be an easy enough day but I still have zero energy and get easily queasy with food.
"Life is like a confused teacher first she gives the test and then teaches the lesson."
Hey, #edschultz "countervailing" is an old Galbraith word. Perfect in this context.
steve francis is definitely use to the "finer things"
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (jfb-ed)
Woohoo, thanks! #Winning MT - Congrats! Pick up your gift card by the end of the week!
that's me too I very had a bad comment on my report card
Kids 12 & under in costume EAT FREE ALL DAY Sat, Oct 29 - Halloween, Oct 31!!! Come join the party!
well there was a RIP rowan atkinson hoax but other than that i don't know what else you missed
Thanks to dedicated speech-language pathologists in schools, homes, rehabs helping people communicate effectively, improving lives.
#itsallfunandgamestil someone gets done what they have done to others.. Karma!!
dish dropped sny, yes, and msg. No local ny sports on them. No cable line into house, no fios, n 2 yr contract still.
RT : Yes! We do. Next Wednesday? // sounds good to me, I will confirm with you by end of the week! Blessings
but my tweets still will never be as glamourous or classy as yours, obviously.
It's gonna happen
I'm down for a Swansea match....
Hey how are you??(:
Big thanks to for speaking with us at HQ today
Blind commitment to a theory is not an intellectual virtue: it is an intellectual crime. ~Imre Lakatos
~Thanks for the RT!
8 Mile never gets old.
you know you churchy when everytime you answer the phone you say "God Bless You"
That's right, sorry. Were all those Californians born with those big houses? Did they just grow organically?
follow and please :D x58
Nice find
yes, need to because this is the blue print of how they will do to us.
Basically I like many genres of music. I have rhythmn in my bones. LOL
This new welding job is tough. Thank goodness I only have three weeks of school left.
It's sunny but it must not be that warm because the snow ain't meltin'.
true! but like he was gettin sick the other day then it just went away the next day.But now he's gettin it again. Weird lol
appreciate the FB like and the tweet. Looking forward to your social media insights.
dang that joint is beast
do i get to eat in this house... someone make me food.
You're like a stalker....
Look im finna excuse myself from dis band tlk b4 it get ugly cuz i aint even n da band
<U+E40E> ... No, seriously... Where we going?? I wanna go someplace fun... <U+E056>
It’s a beautiful day to leave work early, sit on the biggest and best patio in Shirlington and work on your tan while you enjoy a cool pint!
So where is everyone watching the game today ? Anyone having a steelers party?
RT : That's awesome! We just finished up our 3rd race this month and in full marathon training mode!<---get it!
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Good overview of Autodesk's embrace of 3D 'Reality Capture' as 1st step in the design and make process, by Gonzalo Martinez.
Laying on the couch I'm sure I'll pass out
And Suzie needs a lock on her mouth because her mouth causes to much drama
So how are you feeling about your Fantasy Football team today? Kolb and Stafford owners scrambling now to find replacements?
haha yeah your probably just partial...but I like yours too !
Kesha got some pretty ass eyelashes or some good ass mascara though lol
Homan thanks Lester, Rector Jones, and Dr. Pepe for the groundwork that has been laid and the shared vision.
People are so stupid. Choking people to have a seizure and get high.? Deserate much.? Wow..
it's supposed to rain some tonight and some thunderstorms.
I'm up to date on the comic of #thewalkingdead. I thought the TV show was pretty good, but editing could have been tighter.
I'm down on my knees I wanna take you there! Not pitchy AT ALL!
Got too aggressive w/ spam blacklists. Lost 3 legit emails. Parsed all logs, notified folks & requested resend. !Pretendo to have mailed me.
Wrapping up the birthday celebrations with an expensive Italian dinner. M
I'm clueless. Better than being a stalker starting stuff on Twitter.
Standing in line at the tax office. Kill me now. Poor wife did this with 2 kids...
Fuck school. I don't wanna go. Uugghhhg
my favorite flower.
ha hate is a strong word.... And how do you know it's not YOUR phone?
scraps is a dog. and pretty cool w/that. RT : It's never too late to be who you might have been ~ George Eliot
Oh, you cheated on your beautiful girlfriend with a hoe that looks like Chewbacca? Good choice."
in regards to ur other Tweet...I got a fireplace!! And I've got...wait 4 it...wood! Ha. I kill me!
Haha I'll just stick to my hammock and sandals, haha.
RT if you are like me and watching the superbowl just for the ads
HAPPY HOUR IS IN 25 MINUTES!!!! who's in need of some hot food & cold libations?!
he was being ass to me -- so, I just decided he should buy my entire travel wardrobe and my summer clothes as well. :)
It's the job of those people to keep us humble. I rode away thinking, Why yes. Yes I am.
- Always thought this true...
aw #ToTurnToYou is so amazing!!!! :')
If you don't vote for , then we can't be friends. #TeamAdam 1-855-864-2303. VOTE FOR TONY!
He was on it?! Almost enough to make me tune back in. What was the theme for the night?
We believe that those who are more prone to child labor activities should be the focus of our CSR. - Mofe Boyo of
sleep? who sleeps, didn't you know sleeps the cousin of death.
oh my gosh. Thats ridiculous ! Best movie ever. Whats an actor got to do to get some acknowledgement around here.
Thanking GOD for another wonderful day #blessed #thankful <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
OH MY SIMPSON IM GONNA MEET CODY ON SATURDAY IN NJ IN TOYS R US
Running off of 3 hours of sleep....
i wish i could find 20$ randomly
Since I don't fuck wit no more I unfollowed dat ass
Thx for the RTs on tonight's #HHAwards with Kevin Spacey! !
Happy Sunday..Just returned from Orlando, Fla to celebrate Casa Latino 1 yr anniversary awesome meeting n luncheon on Sat. Congrts Carmen!
Let's face it, the state created the mess it is in and now its a political hot potato to get out. Going after RDAs is short term.
This week has been insane, and yet I still feel like I got nothing done...
": don't eff w/ , she's a Zorastrian Priestess."
We all have that one friend that is like family!
#FF I am a huge horror junky! I my not be able to support u with money but I will definitely support with words!! Good luck!
1/2 When my Dad doesn't think I know what mardi gras beeds are and he tries to explain to me what they are...
Or you succeed RT : Key to success: keep trying until you die.
At for burrito madness!!
Parent and Community Engagement workshop this morning at Kent ISD!
Beautiful evening at #Dodger stadium. Ready to watch the boys in blue beat the
Mew too. It seems to be the only thing on TV.
Family Guy! :D
Thanks for the heads up!
yes I do!
I'm glad that I have 10 people in my life that I would call friends. Fake sucks.
Did you miss our presentation this morning? Not to worry! We are presenting again at 1:30 pm in room 316
Putting pictures together for my album packaging. Decisions, decisions.......
double date!!!!! hahahhahahaah cant wait
need a babysitter by feb 1..suggestions are welcome
Happy Sunday to all my new and wonderful followers! I appreciate you all! www.kissandim.com/register
I've let the bullshit slide for bout 6 months reached my limit run and tell em that. Cuz that's the truth that's as they say "real talk" lol
1 1/2 hours on the phone with AT&T. Transferred 5 times. 20 minute wait each time. Each of them tried to sell me direct tv. Are they nuts?
Kick push coast
Nothing like a bonfire
Oh...and , I finally watched the Community pilot episode...and am now looking forward to tonight's show.
Jan can u pls follow me back? <3 I LOVE U JAN!
“: So tomorrow off to Hawaii !!!!” have a great trip. didn't receive our invites??
So why would last.fm think Al Stewart goes w. Steely Dan? Maybe that one chick's clueless comment in the VH1 Storytellers documentary?
Going camping in Malibu. If i don't return, i was eaten by dolphins. Do not mourn for me. I died with porpoise.
Yes...I got it! Did you get this?
#Madonnas new album #MDMA will be released tomorrow!! Niiiicccceeee!!!
Looking for the best breakfast in #Austin Any suggestions?
what happen fam
Thanks for the ReTweets -
For market share perhaps, but who's buying & would they even if they could?
we do that for sure!
“: Rip donna summers”i know im sad abt this... playing disco at the gym today :(
RT ": I really enjoy MATH!"> You and the rest of the 1% of the population
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA, you perv. and my mom loves you and your brother so she'd probs just be like atta girl
I stay in cali..In the valley
the program is GarageBand, and the mic is cheap, but works. Will be upgrading eventually.
That makes sense... RT : Fischer: "we must choose between homosexuality and liberty, because we cannot have both"
Getting ready to start the forum and we have a great turnout!
: Yes -- that would be great!
it's my dad's birthday today...but he's out of town
Does someone maybe want to come give me a back rub? Favor will be returned.~
I get lonely at times ! Lol fuck couples!! Aha
“: Being defensive in tough conversations will completely isolate you from someone who might really be able to help you.”
Mel Gibson is a psycho, zealot & racist. I just watched "The Beaver" and it was excellent. Crazy psychos are the best artists, historically.
New article by - Best Practices for Reaching Employees Who Do Not Have Email Access: wp.me/pZXZB-5a
LoL, that's what I figured! But I'll make sure I put you on the guest list when I throw the next one! :D
I need a girl that's dtc.
#imisswhen Drake & Josh was on the air
Cuddling with my pillow & blanket & listening to Robin Thicke <3
love to see you, but we're in Austin TX these days. Ever get this way?
Im looking for a gentleman, will it be a guy named Cody Simpson, I think yes:)
Kason has little league practice tonight, hope weather stays nice for him!! He got a new glove and new cleats today #baseball <U+26BE>
Please help us. SOS!!!
I know, right? The very definition of firm handshake. So handsome, too!
When I mean egged I mean egg.
Glad to host the event on campus!
Haha, I'll cause a ruckus
You Didnt Even Give Izela Credit
It's kind of like saying to someone, "I don't wish you a happy birthday," and then handing them a card.
Please like our facebook page so you will always know where the PGH Craft-O-Tron machine are!
Walking against cancer!!
It sounds boring, but get yourself a copy of the U.S. Constitution. If you don't know your rights how can you defend them.
Exec Producer of Blair Witch? Filed Bankruptcy. Bad investments or screwed by the system? What do you think?
Feels like a monday.
well we'd like to do both but why don't we come visit after she's born? Maybe we could even give you all a mini Otto break?
LAST Chapter of My Secrets is up guys. Go and read it.. I know it's a weird chapter but let me know what you think. ~Leanne<21
At the movies, with Megan! Breaking dawn is going to be amazing!(:
#DearMom. The only sad part about my birthday is that yours is three days later. I miss you horribly. #RIP. I love you.
It's the last weekend for the National Western Stock Show, don't miss it!!
#OPTM has some great tips to enhance the workplace. We usually tweet some lines from the book, so keep an eye out for the hashtag!
Have a #yelp or #foursquare app? Check In during Lunch or Dinner and receive a Free glass of #MangoLassi!
When in Rome...
Bombay Ranch tonight :-)
Combo, I set out to blaze my own path and realize I'm inadvertently following footsteps of others. Humbling to say the least
Memphis RUF is about to dominate the Spades tournament!
I will argee with your love of Coors Original. ;-)
Need to make some money today. Still trying to get hired...
thanks Timmy! And yes we will!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
<3 you deserve the party part at least!
Did that beer taste funny or what?
#love MT : Driving on wrong side of road. Cop: Have you been drinking? Me: No I'm just an American! (Felt so bad he let me go)
That's awesome. Congrats on the fun of seeing your words come to life.
CSU football player killed in Wyoming crash
Never underestimate the power of suggestion.
Awesome! RT : DOCTOR WHO is filming in Central Park. I am therefore going to Central Park.
"LMBOooo RT at first i thought everyone was late but then i called and she told me school is tomorrow."
Since hair is made of actual fire does that mean if I touch it I'll burn my hand?
My boyfriend is adorable.
Good. I need to be connected to you to twin :D
Liam and danielle(:
That is a nice financial landmark, it looks like you and I are on the same flight :)
So videos paired w/ listings instead of YouTube are far more likely to net best result thus arguably more valuable views?
inspired by #Angela Dabney at today's AFP Salute to Philanthropy lunch - great ideas, great talk!
If you're in the UChicago area, send us an e-mail or tweet! We're very accessible! :)
Just drifted off thinking about eating a m&m cookie standing next to my house and was bigger than my house, #hightweet lol
President Obama turns 50 today...
Producing post Pats show with calling in 617-779-0985. Bad loss by
The new iphone 3.0 software could be a real advantage to teachers. The textbook support looks great !
watching your first episode of Six Feet Under. Your character was so awesome!
Sometimes people just won't leave well enough alone.
Thanks Everyone for the #FollowFriday #FF Love!
haha, I didn't think of that!
"Vanek fails to connect". Hmph... Heard that before. If #1 line doesn't get a point tonight, Hodgsen should center it in
Seminar was fantastic. See it before Alan Rickman leaves it on Sunday! Well worth the thesis break!
All in good fun, plus need to keep it all mixed up with the sites right? I still need to work with a few on custom photo sets.
Thank's guys for all the #FF's and shoutouts will make sure to return them all soon x
yes and i get to write a nice big fat check
Thales~ The past is certain the future obscure.
I'm going to The ky state fair too to see Jake, it's free!
U punk ass u never calld me bac Im Hurt lol
Watching the emmys with the love of my life Jason and our awesome dog Maxwell..
FCC proposes adding $$ to Erate fund to support digital literacy training in libraries and schools. Comments due in a mo. Important!
That's what I was just saying!
Sri Lanka: Veteran Tamil activist and humanist reaches 88 in exile
For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. John 3:17
Finally finish with this paper and it only took me forever and a day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Happy Birthday, Ron! Enjoy!
sure. Ill be at my dads house though
that's what I've heard. I'm just looking forward to making even better friends out of all the guys I've met already
I need a love that's crazy, don't you see. I'm looking for someone who can handle me. Need a fire so hot, that it burns me.
This rain is so bright(:
Hey Adam, Pretty sure you're talking about an old design. We never put it on a shirt though. Stay tuned. New Brewers gear soon!
Not funny....
Just had a refresher on Lana Del Rey SNL appearances in the office. Where were you when you watched for the first time?
Who is coming to Jacksonville, TX this Friday to rock with and us?! Well you are cooler than everyone else...in the world.
#edcampis session: try a flipped classroom with a mixed ability class. It can help avoid teaching to the middle, & help engage wider range
how are you feeling?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
That would be good. I've written about genetics and it's kind of a moving target. So much discovery happening all the time!
Movie recommendation is Glenn Close in "Fatal Attraction"
Follow me I follow back:)
LMAO RT : Blehhhh it makes me wanna gag when I see wack rappers RT'd on my timeline
A person that truly loves you will never never let you go. No matter how hard the situation is.
wanna win
'Smash' features Bollywood fantasy number - Lansing State Journal
good girl im at Macy's now
"No other success can compensate for failure in the home." ~ David O. McKay
That feeling youu get when your crush calls youu "babe".<U+2665>
lions or packers??
Congrats & Happy 25!
letz c who's was right all along... I warned u, told u, and TRIED to stop u from getting hurt....
aww thanks it all my team I just get to be the finished product
The wily and elusive Starred Kirkus review has been sighted, in the location of my friend 's Wild!
SAKE BOMB Excitement overtaking me
Well that was just plain rude.
Great interview.
You done with school yet cuhgoddess
I don't have any good employees
Starting journey to #webwise to talk #ohms #oralhistory software. Excited to show newest version of OHMS but even more excited to learn
Omg , flores and his team will come to Brazil this month,could not be more excited Love You my love! Please answer me
Freeloaders annoy me.
Can this school year be done yet?
Interested in ALLURE of the SEAS? I have 5 cabins left for June 5th at lower than advertised pricing, deadline is Thursday.
I know, punk! But, the time is coming! LAKERS tmrw, bro! Heck yeah! Sorry I didn't get to see you when ya'll came through! Loves!
Where you invest your love, you invest your life.
shoutout to in Thailand. Thank u for your support! :)
Last minute decision… not leaving until Monday
Great work with Magic Bullet Arsenal. Looks like a solid investment.
Heidi is on vacation in Australia right now, I wonder if anybody told her there is no Lakers season? Come back to NESN! Damn you Kobe!
again, totally awesome. did you guys talk about the 22nd for yoga?
Love how ABC just listed James Jakes as being on rain ties.
Great memories of #Buffalo! RT “: Congrats to Pearl St: their Summer Ale won People's Choice!”
Has there been entry I missed or is the market "messy and dynamic" just by definition?
Men In Black sounds like a porno...haha!!!!
Appraisal should come at beginning of life cycle. I get that, but wonder how that works in practice.
My steering wheel is like the surface of the sun.
"Lord, help me enter into that peace which consists in having put my life in your hands." -Carlo Maria Martini
It looks like #Eli is #MVP going by the #NFL dudes paper
The gene pool could use a little chlorine.
#LibraryStaff meeting right now & another meeting at 10a.
I miss neighborhood night games... Those were the days
La Bella Spa Salon at Hard Rock Hotel Albuquerque is offering 10% off any massage service today, March 21. Call now! 899-5557
if there hadn't been about a mile long line to get in..I wouldn't have found it either! But if you get another chance, go!
maybe you can teach me when i come for homecoming
The txt msgs i just got -__-
oh, we won't soon forget the "what's there to hide?" remark by Arne Duncan.
oh so casual.... Nice gelled slick hair. You should try it(;
I like Pagan in the five-hole. But will he go back to the top when comes back?
Your obsession with my sister is old. Get a new game RT : It's not like I clicked the #disown button.
most definitely
Agape book signing postponed! Will post new date soon!
RT The Expendables was everything I hoped it would have been, go see it kids.along w/ Randy Couture
Enjoying the weekend?!? We have what you need!! Stop in and see us. Open till 9! :D
Hope ya'll are ready for some intense dance lessons! We'll be teaching Cleveland Shuffle & Watermelon Crawl starting at 8:15p!
Oscar Meyer wienermobile spotted in the 94 near Chicago!!!
I think I'm more of an Amy Fisher-type, but I'm pretty adaptable.
hell yes...totally believe they exist.
you are beautiful! <3
Damn!! You do have a way with words (; LOL! <3
Im just livin my damn life til its OV! Judge me if u want...who tf are u??
- i bet you bring a pineapple to your next bbq!
Working on it. The Cirrus is safe - for now. But I can always eat more of your lovely cheese.
No. You either have killer instinct or you don't. And he unfortunately does NOT.
I want what I want and nothing else!
Is #wcpdx this weekend?
Visiting some cool places with a cool welder artist tomorrow morning. The adventure continues.
I swear some of these costumers are so fucking rude!
I fucking hate how dependent you make me.
DADSif it sounds too good to be true then it is not true!Dad paid $500 to online co.out of CA to help with divorce,he got no helpSCAM BEWARE
I don't want skin cancer nor do I want to get wrinkles. Versa spa is more safe lol
plus you tried to lightweight clown me lol et was you who turned
Jason Latham's studio, producing (Mike Beach's) 6 song cd! I also have interview @ the Christian Women in Media Association 2nite! Gr8 day!
grounds for immediate dismissal.
RT : Online registration has reopened, there are only a few spaces left. Once we hit 70, we're closed.
for all da games! Let's go Canucks
Hope NATO won't be like the 68 police riot. 50,000 protestors said to converge. Better use every phone camera to capture everything.
Pop quiz: Where did #Michelin announce building a new $750MM tire-making plant – China, Mexico or South #Carolina? Answer: SC.
Cover will be wow omg
Liz is like an owl, she sees everything.
Don't shoot the messenger. I'm just doing a community service here (on a social media service!) ;0
how about the "all stars" compete next year!
Ha! Totally. Crown supports many things we support: Grudge Rock, Pencil Fighting and Partying. Also, Soto is pretty rad.
Gotta make this sweet tea last since chickfila is no longer with is at Madison square. #RIP /:
Currently working on some new accessories for the home and the summer, stay tuned...
follow me?(: <333
I know my mom always love me, and that's why i will always love her<U+2661>
Do we think writing a scene in which someone is drunk--after having had a few glasses of wine myself--is a good witch, or a bad witch?
Good morning people have a great day and don't 4 get to stop in to island frydays today for lunch or dinner we open at 11am and close at 10
Enjoying a nice evening watching the grammys... Might sketch a bit
RT : This is how the #bankatlanticcenter should be! Great win for the #FlaPanthers!!!
the guy calling the Ohio State game on the radio just said "knocked on his keester".
Hope everyone's not too tired ;-) See you in a few! Happy Monday
#idonotunderstand why we have to waste 7 hours a day, 5 days a week, for 13 years, of our lives in school
Stealing candy from a baby, much more difficult than the saying would imply.
Another great day awaits :). I'm exhausted from the awesome crowds yesterday at but I know today is going to be great!
thanks so much for the mention!
thanks to for the album mention!
i cant use chopsticks :( i feel lame with my fork and spoon. hahah :'D
Thank you for having such an great artistic eye. You rock and I'm honored to work with you.
'There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.' -Buddha
I can't stop missin you, wish I was still with you, I wish I could know what I really did
I absolutely cannot wait for hye mrtsoom like omgbecky gonna be the most epic weekend of all time
GEAUX SAINTS..............I SAY SAINTS 27 BEARS 24, gonna be a great game...lots of points..lots of penalties.
Are people really that superficial to only look at the exterior?
ok thanks (:
For all our followers at Intel: We will be selling cupcakes in the RR5 cafeteria today from 11-1. See you there!
In morning editorial meeting. Talking about warm weather with snow coming
Finally putting Manning on his ass. Let's go
Nothing is rich but the inexhaustible wealth of nature. She shows us only surfaces, but she is a million fathoms deep ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
It's barely 8am here and I have 4 guys lined up to breed me today.
I assumed he made all those recent bone-headed moves because even he doesn't think he is coming back.
First polls close in one hour! Bring on Super Tuesday results!
it was last week ....
We've recently become addicted to Goose Island's Spicy Ginger Soda, and now we want to know what your favorite local brewery is!
The secret to success is sincerity. Once you can fake that, you have it made.
no problem! I bring the writers dreams to life by acting :)
lol if I had that much now I'd fly out to LA hahaha
Of course we have choral practice the day before prom. Not like I have a million and one things to do that day.
Really upset we this way
thank u for being on MLB extra innings tonight!
denim chicken
WHY DID YOU TWEET THIS
This making a website project <<<<<
Aoki was back @ surrender last night he was awesome.. Come check out surrender tonight only
I can't believe I'm at moondogs.
I can't believe we're graduating in a month.
Got an interview with the Buffalo Bills Monday! Mama's bout 2 cake! Paralegal, nissan sales consultant n now the bills holla!
RIP Chief Jay Strongbow Somewhere a single tear streams down Jules face
The GolfWashington app in both the android and iTunes store now has a "Click here to book an online tee time" feature. Many club included.
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Jeffery Sparks °Rising 7th °Darlington, SC °Travel Team: Pee Dee Elite °Power Forward 5’9
ONE DIRECTION RUN MY VAGINA omg, greatest trending topic ever. brb dying
definitely check out - it does EXACTLY this for all grade levels!
thanks for texting back bestie!!! not
i'm sure there's at least one dude in a pinstripe hoodie
just woke up from my nap, now time to go take a shower.. then sleep gain c:
: Desert Companion Magazine wrote him up as the "rocker" Nick Cave....ops!
Oh wow.. so exciting!
Philly up 1 with 40 seconds left...
its warm as hell out here
Tako Grill currently serves a special TFT menu, featuring 6 sushi rolls, baked salmon, steamed chicken and 8 kinds of veggies.
It really put a smile on my face! cc;
who cares anymore brittany is old news
We need a windy day to blow all the smoke out of the valley
follow me!!! <3 im going to marry Robert (; *rig a bell*
yo music is real as hell. mad respect for yo work
Retweet us to get some followers! Or go check us out on FB. THEN follow us :)
This lean startin to kick in jus a bit
Maybe I'll go for the Doritos loco eye shadow
hit me bruh
I am about to order these "Ching's" wings now, #Winning<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
Anyone got a #rottentomato?
D3 as in Diablo 3? Because I'm about to take a hammer to the copy of that game in this house...
It is going to be a fun day.
Huge win in OT tonight. Got a big one at home saturday vs BW as we start league play for the 2nd time around.
feeling overwhelmed after writing my #todolist for tomorrow... ugh how am I gonna pull this off
I NEED TO ADD MORE ADMINS.
Get Ready!!!
Very close to final "Columbus, Ohio" anthology submissions! It's going to be a great book!
Yup, Smith was pure class & we barely laid a hand on him at all in the second half.
I won't disagree. :) Glad u were able to connect. I'll be watching twitter to see how it goes. Believing God will use him.
sorry man, but OKC has gots to get by San Antonio first
yeah yo. That radio isnt really doin it right. Damn Clear Channel messin it all up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
i live right by train tracks. idk when the next one is tho...
Thanks Fu! Lets Go Baby for 2012
Scratch that goodnite tweet. I still have shit to do LOL
Of course.
If it still hurts, you still care. You're only fooling yourself by pretending youre over it.
LOL.. BTW my bros r going. i might go to the tna show..
Cheers to the freakin weekend. Rooftop action now at Eden lounge for Happy Hour.
"Trailblazing Military Women Fight For Equal Treatment" #huffpost GOP tells them: get out of the plane & into the kitchen!
The #RIT career fair is today. Good luck to all our alumni applying for a job! And also to our alumni hiring. :)
Twitter blowing up w/ At The Drive In reunion news, am I the only one here that never got into them? Which album will change my mind?
Long night and day time to rest
All members are having a great time networking with other youth councils across the nation at
IM BREAAAKIN DISHESS ALL NIGHT. uh huh
mid-week travel is throwing me off, didn't realize tomorrow's Friday!
Wow finished the march, tough as hell
My phone ain't had no Play
Any obsession is dangerous. And a whole country that's obsessed with one thing, unless it's, like.. #jeans, it's very dangerous!!!
In the doctor's office with my El Salvadorian 3 guard. He had back surgery not 2 long ago. All he talks about is he's ready to play.
Austin loves ALL of his Mahomies! He thinks ALL of us are special, beautiful, wonderful, and amazing. <U+2665> RT if you LOVE Austin!
The Rangers are the best team in baseball and the second best team isn't even close.
for a second I didn't know what was going on. I haven't cried during a movie since the last song. Haha
": The moment when you see your ex again after so much time and it brings so many memories."
My schools dance team is preforming a dance to "More" later in the fall and I have to say that song has some beats dude!! :)
#ThingsILookFor in people around me Loyalty
miss you too
Puerto Rico's slaves were not free until 1873. US in 1860. Freedom, "choice" & family are always bound up in race, class & gender privilege
#PATRIOTS!!! You can do it, boys! <3
ok besides the hacking :-/. You??
you must have ESP--we just finished printing the supplemental resource packets. It's going to be a great workshop!
LA people... is there any place here that I can go into and order business cards and actually talk to someone in person??
we love you Justin :)
I believe jimmy carter and hilary clinton approach to north korea and their current transition is the correct approach!!!
I bet is gonna throw one hell of a #WrestleMania after party.
Plotting a vacation getaway sweepstakes...
Just because you don't talk to each other doesn't mean you are not on her mind.
Me: hey mr lawless can I weld today? Mr lawless: yeah go pour about 5 gallons of gasoline on the floor and weld that!
DFDGRESTDHJGHJG. So apparently Obama ate dinner tonight at one of our family friends houses tonight.. uhhm. Excuse me!? Where was my invite?
In the studio going ham
am I wrong or are Vegas odds not really "objective" evaluations but primarily designed to get people to bet?
Your Tweets are Hilarious I Made a keek Just so you would have another Subscriber
Most embarrassing experience? Do you have any other hobbies besides making music?
Had my first LASIK consultation today. Apparently I'm a good candidate. Damn. Guess I'll be getting my eyes sliced and diced then!
Wedding Planning Maymester class starts today :)
POW! 700 Likes > 300 downloads and the party has just begun! Got an iPad? Check out the Future of Television at ringz.tv. Addictive...
Bouta head to work gonna be a long ass day
I want to see that
Jlo's dress was hot, but was that a wardrobe malfunction??
Somewhere Floyd Mayweather is smiling. Manny was weak sauce tonight!
Michele, I'm interested in hearing what about the character was exciting for her and did she feel it was controversial?
hm. Compromise: You down to cumswap? (google it)
is THE MAN!!! NOUGH SAID!!!
??? this appeared on your screen?
Im kinda FUCKED up im not into that lovie dovie shit no more I feel sorry for the next Ms ShoppnBagRic I apologize now # blame her
Ima go at their necks.
I miss ATDI
That sounds nicer than inservice RT : Weve done seated and sharing with dentists and chiropractors offices...
OMG that looks good. Do you pickup orders? Getting in my car now. ;)
Thanks. It is aggravating, I never had a problem like this, plus not getting treated correctly.
what do you get at veggie grill?my oldest sis likes to make veggie kabobs on the grill
tech goodness
Day 2 of Shiva NADA protocols, where I stick needles in my ear and flail - very carefully.
Don't go! RT : Weather absolutely foul. Debating staying forever.
Big game for the Oregon DUCKS Tomarrow! GO DUCKS!!!
alright I guess.. what's new?
Me either... I don't like that kinda "music" or Boy/Girl Bands in general... too many singers doin one song just Sucks! lol :)
My shows tonight n York PA were a lotta fun. Thanks Grace Fellowship making me feel loved. :)
GoW is really, really good. But there are not vampire-werewolf love affairs; sorry.
Hi Angus. Bet you were the cutest dude at that wedding!
Helicopters hovering over #occupymia. Scary stuff.
I Run A Label A Brand A Business, The ONLY TIME I Run My Mouth Is When It Involves Those Aspects. Other Than That,Im Silent..!!!
Odd #CharlieSheen connection: Hanes commercials w/ Michael Jordan. Porn star connection w/ Jordan Capri and Kacey Jordan. You do the math.
Do you think pages will become more of a destination?
Tennis' No. 136 is still a winner - Houston Chronicle
for sure! :) and here's to that!
Follow me please(:
Went back and it was still there. Crisis over!
RT: BREAKING: Jeremy Lin will have surgery for a torn meniscus. Out six weeks.
Thanks Bro
I have been twitter MIA recently:/
I wonder if you have given me a shout out? Hm, how about it?
Much appreciated!
thanks to that special someone...I really needed that nap
Woke up with a nose bleed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
oh...well she petty for that
We have 5 days here, still difficult. Was ten days.
Knottz Soak City!
I just got a call from someone very angry. Anyone want to take a guess on who it was?
Great Day To Be Alive! GDTBA
Thank You
I wanna go.
do you ever party in the south side?
lol no I was was just hungry at the moment
to check the DM.
DUMB ASS, I DROPPED THE SHIT YESTERDAY BUT YOU SCENE FAGGOTS WON'T GET OVER IT.
Dang! I meant Hi Yaaaaaaahhhhhzzzz cowgirl!
The #Rays and #RedSox matchup is something else. 7 runs across for Boston in the 8th...and still no outs. Not happy I took the
The Doors
Baby You Light Up My World Like Nobody Else! !!! RT if you kept singing this song in your head (;
I absolutely love #TheConversation ! And the fact that Listen Up! by The Gossip played during scenes for next week!
Pedro Rodriguez =]
We'd love to provide you w/ more information about the Fatboy® brand and designing a wonder-fuller life. Just let us know!
#chicoescuela is rolling over in his grave and needs to be resurrected
Giving Google Reader a go. Once I collapsed a few of those tabs on the side, I felt more at home! Thank you!!
guess so, I'm still childish tho haha
1 Carlos was with instagram now with toys n hallo now i wonder what he will do next :O
Mr n mrs smith n a bronx tale...what to watch...
Nice overview of European #trademark law by professor Gielsen from Amsterdam.
Getting my birthday present in the mail from my grandma makes me miss her so much. I wish I was a little girl again.
The Hills star Stephanie Pratt was arrested on suspicion of drunk driving in Hollywood early Sunday morning the Los Angeles Police confirmed
She know this a banga
Read the unused World War Z script. It's an absolute travesty that this will never be realized. Will happily pass it on if you want it.
"Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Graduation needs to hurry the fuck up!!!
when is it affecting radio?
Here's a guy who still listens to and collects vinyl records. And your blog is NOT pointless (nor stupid) at all!
THAT POUNCE
Last night show was wikked smaart! Who wants a copy of the Breaks madness?
I'm in a good mood and you will not break my joy. :-)
No! Sleep! 'Til Santa!
by eight and that's how tall your
what a milestone!!
just reading about pungle. Love. Love. Love.
thanks...I think! PS I didn't make that one up it was overheard :)
COPE: Create once, publish everywhere. NPR's approach to seamless publishing. RT
I also have over 30 yard solar lights that can be brought inside in the case of a power outage.We have a house generator too
I think Will Smith was well beyond his years when he said "Parents just don't understand". You are a genius Mr. Smith. So true...
I think there's a keystroke that gets around that. Try "Press Option + Empty Trash"
Registered #Track125 with SESAC for royalty collection. Let us represent YOU! Now Accepting Affiliations for PRODUCERS!! RT! RT!
Doing some IE testing, and cleaning up some JS before pusing the site live. Check it out soon.
Everyone got your chargers cell phones and condoms ?
Won't it be cool if you could just go to the beach today.
I was told I have everything I need to graduate with my Bachelor's in History, but... would mean withdrawing from my second degree program.
Got low-bridged hoopin last night. Landed right on my elbow and tailbone. Coulda been worse, but yo, this shit really hurts.
I'm about to fall asleep and dream that all of us #occupywriters collaborate with pens on an infinite roll of paper to write a new future
Nutritional supplementation that may help reverse some of the damages caused by insulin resistance. Book Resource for Diabetics...
lol hop on that les!
RT : The way they pronounced "Favre" when Brett was drafted by Atlanta.
So Mr. Owl, how many licks does it take till you get to the center of a tootsie pop?
No one has ever used the phrase "raving" when talking about our music. I must say, I approve :) -Chris
Check my post on ur Facebook page! Brad Pena
Well said "libraries, archives, museums as storytelling repositories..." HT &
Gracias Mi Amigo :D
People really really make me laugh.
your welcome(:
Chicago loves and misses you Ian! Make us proud!
Bad time to find out Portfolio is not compatible with Mac OS Lion.
I need that recipe when you have a minute.
I've noticed most musicians just have their names as their email. ALL drummers I know have the word DRUMMER in their email.
Doug Johnson regarding school lib's~No choice but to adapt to the challenge of what's going on. It requires true innovation.
sounds yummy though. Got Big plans for your Sunday?
Them ratchets up right now
#10FactsAboutMe I have the most amazing boyfriend in the whole wide world and I wouldn't trade him for anything <U+E111><U+E00E><U+E329><U+E106>
I might need to put some of my fitness people on this workout. I have some folks that love to dance.
Ohh Thursday is #LanguedocDay...Wonder if will have any on the list we can taste?
And just what's really in the glaze?!
getting those nose grinds ;p
perfect response...
THERES NO SUCH THING AS PERFECT !!
Link me. I'm heading to bed, but I'll check it out tomorrow.
ouch! That sucks! Is there a way to take over the payments if you like the house?
Weird dream
damn right! RT : Work like a boss, play like a boss
Agreed. It was hard to get out of bed this morning.
where do u live I live in newyork
they're all evil aren't they?
y u mad
There is no way in hell Kobe Bryant is human.
digging eye rocks myself this a.m.
We’re glad to see you’re as excited about Trivia Tuesday as we are ! Good luck tomorrow. :)
Stop waiting on people who are not waiting for you
RT : Hats made a significant statement on many runways, from Marc Jacobs to Donna Karan to Giorgio Armani [SUB REQ.]:...
i knew it! Glad all this analytical grad work is paying off :)
#ifidiedtommorow id go to my cousin who abused me for 7 years and thank him for the experiences that taught me how strong i am
miss you!
im so bored
Thanks, Anna!
That was the strangest, most random dream I've had in a long time...
I went to to see
well thank ya
RT Jeebus. What's up with the suddenly unbeatable LA Kings? / Not sure, but I'm kind of loving it!!
glidden lodge is the place to be. About hour fifteen. Nice hotel, even better restaraunt I you like good steaks and seafood.
The RIG Region 7 AOS Panel has now begun. The panel is reviewing app# 130004 Writer's Center of Indiana.
Spent the night writing 2 brand new songs! I know all of you are ready for damn new music!!
my first Twitter Tutor! Cheers!
oh. i'm watchin obsessed. :) i love this movie. watch it! channel 14. :)
Thanks for the mention :)
Love your body -- nice light hair, pecs, six-pack, face. If only I were closer to Toronto, luv for u to do me...
the dome aint big enough for that mug!!!!
thank you!!
A grown adult man calling out of work due to #allergies is simply unacceptable with all solutions for this on the market.
on majestic-SEO.com the external backlink data is actually tracking "inbound links"?
and Eats of Eden in Charleston WV are now carrying Max & Ruffy's! Stop in and get some treats - your dog will love you for it!
Dairy Queen's name for their mall stores, called "Treat Centers," sounds like an agricultural feedlot.
when u come to perth ?
mircosoft asking some layed off workers to give back some of there severance pay
": They say you are what you eat... Well, I don't recall eating any sexy beasts today." totally you
"Extremely Loud"? What is that? I haven't worked on anything with that title...
you are already having WAY to much fun...pipe down ;)
A cafe that knows how to do it: American Analog Set on rainy days. Three albums in a row now!
Is today's ceremony only for undergraduates or also for graduate students?
Whenever someone says not to edit their photos I feel the compulsion to draw penises on their photos just to spite them.
We're setup at SactoMoFo 4 next to Curry Up Now and across from Seoul on Wheels!
hey man! I thought we were already connected on Twitta...
Going to ck out a great furniture place for a blog feature!
Anyone wanna grab lunch with me?
While the natural area is predominantly managed for vegetation, it should be noted that we also manage for(cont'd)
GEORGE ZIMMERMAN RELEASED FROM JAIL ON BOND - FOX News
Jack Edwards just said it: "It's winning time!".
Milwaukee is the greatest city in the world.
Young hearts keep chasing what you know is meant to be. They will call us crazy, though they're better off naive and in love again.
Soo ready to go shopping. It's well needed<U+E414>
Im gonna buy a drink :)
In early September, ebay will offer nearly 50% more space in your listing titles with 25 additional characters to include more keywords.
Happy weekend! Good luck BAA dancers at Nat'l High Schl. Dance Fest and BAA musicians High Schl. Jazz Fest!
camps in education: The quantifiers and those interested in a humanistic education. Guess who is winning the what should we learn battle?
Busting missions. -.-
Dude, its 420. Ha
#DesignYourFuture...You can achieve anything you put your mind to...
Came 2 IHD this AM 2 work in peace & is here! I was in the Student Writing Project every summer in middle & high school! SMALL WORLD!
go to www.icraigery.com or www.chacha.com for more info!
we tend to allow ideological lines to become too divisive and live by an "end justifies the means" mentality
Tony Dungy was in Digital Underground and he did the humpty dance.
It was for me to Tweet you??
This game is intense! Go LAKERS!
nice kicks
watching #chris_farley "youll live in a van down by the river"
the main course at potluck dinners is roadkill.
Hey all you potential baristas! Don't forget applications are due TODAY!
#ows #occupyoakland: "if a prisoner sits down he or she is not considered to be an imminent threat"
My last #GoingRed meal of the month, butternut squash with cinnamon and red potatoes!
HS PLUS IS TO FUNNY
you can be both
:( you'll be okay!
Get started helping kids build their self esteem,volunteer today! Contact Shaniqua at .
had a chance to try the short rib sandwich per your thumbs up. If it was a person, we'd hang out all of the time.
Awesome! Thanks for the tip
Boy1: "HAHA you failed." Boy2: "So, did your dad's condom." Boy1: "He didn't wear a condom." Boy2: "..."
Girls cheat if theres something wrong with the relationship; guys cheat if theres an opportunity...
HM SummerJam after Party ? Should we do that ? hmm what do you think ?
ugh., i'm really thirsty. ugh. kdjfhkjhfdks no.
You can use your dollars toward nutella?
lol. well said man. I share the exact same sentiments.
Been chillin lately
#pool-party x)
All I here in my school of people talking about how 1D cute or how Zayn or Harry so. Sexy like I luv how they say good things about 1D <3333
Aw <3 “: is following me. Day=made.”
I NEED SUM OR A BADD ASS KOOL FEMALE "FRIEND" I LOVE HANGIN AROUND BADD WOMEN
Lord, I thank you for never leaving my side; For being there, when no one else was!
Came into Art Metropole to bask in bookish goodness and found myself in the middle of an #arlis2012 workshop!
2 off days. :) all I have to say is yay.
I'm glad I've missed you
You want something to get you crunk while workin out?! My Favorite #WORKOUT songs is "Skoolie In Command" & "Coolin' " by
Not a happy fan right now! First, , now this?!?
Consider following professional marketing advisor
wat u doing after graduation
We are in Chicago! Try Halsted Bar and Grill...pork egg rolls,strawberry lemonade, and aldine chicken sandwhich =amazing!
he said u can't come
From now on we live in a world where man has walked on the Moon. It's not a miracle; we just decided to go. Tom Hanks
haha. Got nuked
be more specific lol
oh my gosh! which video was it??
you should mix it with Sakiri vodka, you will love it!
Just planted another patch of wildflower seeds! I can't wait to see what our yard looks like in a few months!
To answer your question we are building our health ministry and empowering all to transform from sickness to wellness
I miss seeing you on the Pacers games. You were the only positive after watching that team get killed half the season last year.
yea i kinda figured that out! K Ima try to work on it!
Teamwork makes the dream work.
Jealous of anyone who can take advantage! RT : Feeling like a mimosa today? $5 mimosas at The Cottage until 3 pm today!!
stop thinking it's stressful ;)
Graduate Session 3 begins today! Who is excited for their new class?
Happy mother's day! Thank her for going through grueling pain of ejecting you from her body and then raising you into people! :D
Great to hear. Best of luck to your team!
After a rough start, THE AVENGERS turned me into a ten-year-old boy through the sheer might of its awesomeness.
I just need sources. So close to being done...for now.
MPT is running Historic Barns of Maryland. I didn't realize it was Sweeps.
#Stocks finish lower on disappointing March jobs report. #Dow drops 124 points. #Nasdaq and S&P both lose more than 1%.
I MISS EVERYONE TOO!
Came by USL to say hello and some feel good music but already left.
3 and 13 for OSU, Canfield pass to James Rodgers (again), but two yards short of first down.
more good news. i tell ya, this is just making my day.
Haha :3 well thank you very much!
I brought Grace to bed with me after her morning bottle and we both slept until 11:30! We were both worn out from a weekend of partying!
Another week down. Great times and great tunes. Next stop, Ventura, CA for punk rock at the beach with jamstain! See you all saturday night!
Interesting statements on whether regulation helps/harms journalism. Copps & Furchtgott-Roth with varying opinions.
That looks awesome! Need a sick hang session next time we are both in town.
Oh right, me too. RT : Oh, and by the way? Done with grad school.
I didn't let my son play until he was 12. He is 27 now and still mad that I waited so long to let him play. I'm a Dad 1st and last.
great movie!!!
RT : Have a #smallbiz question you need advice on? Let us know! We can RT it to our followers. They have great insights!
Im in PortAransas right now & I pass SanAntonio on my way home so maybe I can swing by house & give him a hug!<3
Be the 1st person to ask their server at this week's Music Monday and win a pair of free tix to the Eric Jacobson concert Feb 9!
where r u guys in Cleveland?
Unfortunate sentence structure of the day: "...a survey of musicians and friends over pizza...."
The advantage of a classical education is that it enables you to despise the wealth which it prevents you from achieving.
same...I feel left out
it ends tomorrow...the weather should be nice!!
Yep. They won't complain about CBS either tho RT Were 10am starts for ESPN and for SportsWest to stay out of ESPN Plus window
I kinda want a woman to handle me. I'm a strong personality. I need a strong minded woman next to me!
Social Media is an excellent tool to affirm one's thoughts and aspirations. Use it positively...
Same here! I figure a few now and then won't hurt if we watch other areas RT : Potatoes are my weakness!!
Hold up your end today
You're not one of those annoying Dallas Cowboy fans are you? ;)
Didn't expect to like , but love it/the food so much I'm going again for my b-day! Enjoy - get the red velvet cake!
Arizona lawmakers OK tax cuts as session nears end
I'll give you consumer insights from the deepest corners of my brain in exchange for Starbucks gift cards. Just sayin.
I need to use WolframAlpha more!
Who's gonna be the 1st to write article about the one-and-done coach Coach K has become? Irving last year, now Rivers.
Just landed at JFK. Ready for my shoot for Next Magazine.
Post a tweet when clays coming up will ya? I don't care to sit through Bieber fever and GaGa and her aluminum foil outfits :)
No good workman without good tools.
Travolta believes in space aliens...and banging male masseuses.
30 Things I Will Miss About Milwaukee. A one-a-day countdown.
RT : Facebook buys instagram. Finally, some news that affects white people.
I don't have a meet and greet with them. I wish I did. I signed up on their website. I hope I win one.
I'm watching Get Him to the Greek. Fuckin' love it!
"Do as I say not as I do." RT : 800 IPs in Congressional bldg revealed to have illegally downloaded software, TV shows, films & porn
Arizona state sucks they got beat by the runt of the big ten. Go to Columbus and get on a real campus.
I saw and it's pretty true. I'm glad you think that way! :D
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
I wanna see my boyfriend >.< I miss his cute ass smile& when he makes me laugh.
I Love ur music. Can I get a RT and or follow please!
Granny told me last night she turned off the pens game to watch the lionel richie and friends special
we are excited to see the debut of the truck!
yes! Be careful, it might change your life lol - RT BABY MONKEY riding on a pig
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow I LOVE the show Monk!
Maybe I missed the ... U will Be the Boss, But Look Son that means that U will have 2 Put Up with Way more Insane BS then Everybody else!
I don't understand how some boys can sag so much... It's like their not even wearing pants sometimes........
This is why I prefer having guy friends over girls -___-
Friday signals the beginning of an uninterrupted two days of time with the little miss. I love her to the moon and back. Jules is my star.
is waiting in line for Miranda Lambert tickets #*.!?$ its cold!!
well have a good night and good luck
In Nice right now, just had a great seafood choucroute ! Here a few more days then off to Corsica . Love to talk when back
My husband got us tickets this morning! Hooray! Always a good show. Even the one time we sat in the rain. :)
your not normal, and i like that, keep up the good work!
Midday knock
RSVP to to get the discounted rate to tonight's program: "I Wanna Go Viral"
Congratulations on the #ONA2011 award. Well deserved win!
Pens Stayin Alive
Currently watching: goodfellas
What in god's name is that for?
Making new music - new mixtape will be posted next week!
There are things known and there are things unknown and in between are the doors
So I joined google+. I don't know why! haha
you should start working on your skills. #TopChef might need some fill in sous chefs
nice! I have a few aerospace friends who I'll definitely be sending your work on to. some, uh "people with munchies" too ;)
...and will keep that one in mind for next time!
Cookies with milk :}
I dont know what it means, but #TaylorIssues !!!!! :^)
Liberal bias. Not. Media just wants eyeballs/ad $$. Mods occupy too much stage and run off at mouth, as if they r candidates.
I'm following over 1000 people but only have 300 followers wish I had more
Almost to midfield Can LSU make it?
Just had an amazing fitting with and his Beautiful wife! Crazy talented
On air in Boston to from 3 to 6..then maybe room service and celeb apprentice tonight then on air tomorrow 2p to 7p
"Watching Recruiters recruit" is akin to making sausage or pulling back the Wizards curtain...
I hate seeing a woman who doesn't embrace her beauty. You're beautiful. Own that shit.
No classes today - Happy Presidents Day!
it's cause she practices for me. <U+2665>
Today is the first day of summer.
You have to get instagram! My favorite photography app!
7:55 .... its to early for a saturday D:
Time to go workout for the next 3 to 4 hours so i hope everyone enjoys your day and be back on later tonight.
Not sure, I connected through Facebook lol
fix a heart
A drug dealer just asked me if I need trees while i hand him his food
do you need one more follower, just follow me than I will follow you
Developing curriculum while having on in the background. Something tells me that this will be the weirdest class ever...
It’s never too early to schedule your teen’s senior portrait session! Whether in-studio or on location, we’ll capture the moment perfectly.
whyy wait another minute for something we shouldve done yesturday?
Thanks again to Tom Stapleton and his great team at What great service!
Hey guys(:
are keeping me in stitches on the bus ride back to Napa... Waiting for the UFC matchup between the two of them
merry Easter.
I'm hoping to play in #LA again soon! I did a residency at last year so I'm hoping to play there again soon!
In in a good ass mood for some reason. I'm saying Goodmorning to everybody lol
I MISS YOU! Can't wait to sneak away to Vancouver! Keep my side of the bed warm and I'll be there asap! Xoxox
I think I'm finally over my sickness! Back to le gym, finally! :)))
Thanks for the follow!
awesome. Can't wait to make that breakfast drink with the bacon & waffles...m
What do we do after seeing a fashion show? Go shopping! lol Currently searching for printed pants w/ Tanuka.
These Justin Bieber Fan Pages Be Having Alot Of Followers Lol
Amazing first day at Thank you for the great experience. Thank you to all the support Seattle. We love you.
The greatest gift of all is friendship - the polar express
what time do you think a twisted dinner for #djangocon might take place?
Tigers win. Back to .500. Verlander gets the win and Valverde with the save.
I'm not sure yet love, but I'll be thinking about it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Thanks for the RT Nikki! See you tonight??
So the Border Wars replay looks worse than the actual 720p ippv feed. Huh?
Is Zeke Pike still on the bowl roster?
now welcomes The Hachette Group as 's Publishing Innovator of the Year!
i look forward to yours as well :) hope you'll find our tweets useful!
Your mom is a big mistake like you,your dad, grandpa, grandma, great grandpa,great grandma,etc
Treat women kindly. Forever is a long time to live alone and it's even longer to live with somebody who hates your guts.
I hate feeling like my intelligence is being tried
“: whit no one cares about the brickyard lol” I second that NASCAR sucks!!
I done made the devil a deal- he made me pretty, he made me smart, and I'm gonna break me a million hearts <3
Rage stifled in a Mens Room sink "he sank his face in the basin and screamed, the sound bubbling up past his ears through the rush of water"
#its2012whyyoustill raise your hand in class
spending time w you >>
Clean your hands, wash your hair, stop doing drugs and bring back our tools
Be sure yall come out every wed - sun, tons of drink specials and mixin it up along with big mind tv
Me: Are there any pipe shops here? Him: Oh yea, there is a cigar shop that way. My Brain: oh a shop that just so happens to sell pipes.
Did you know? You can also pay your NY, KS and AL state taxes at www.payNYtax.com, www.payKStax.com, www.payALtax.com.
oh, and on a more serious, straight from the heart tweet: Thank you for making this happen. You and your team rock!
hi allie~ good morning~ love you so much my friend~ have a great day and take care <3
it totally sound cool though!(: Orr um... Fml= fix my leak :D
Figured. Giving you grief. Game's getting good:-)
Looking for a Lead #Programmer in #Texas or willing to relocate. Great studio, great cost of living.
The only thing to fear is fear itself ... and my ability to act like a complete idiot
They turn on a TV w Elmo to see which mouse watches the longest! :)
what country do u live in?
should never have been on twitter!!! BABE IM SORRY YOU EVEN OPENED THAT!!!</33333
Don't worry Assville, the #Badgers will avenge you.
Life is too short to have any beef or animosity towards anyone.
Beliebers Are Amazing is trending(: It doesnt even have to trend we all ready now how freaking amazing we are!
In case you've been wondering why Keen-17 TV has had such a tough time since signing on as a Christian TV station in Las Vegas, what follow…
I'm really craving some Taco Bell. But my dad won't get me any.
Enjoy paintballing discounts with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
You're frustrated because you keep waiting for the blooming of flowers of which you have yet to sow the seeds.
Holla at me let's do buisness Write me a message of what u do?
Give us a try next time. We can provide an oil change service for most vehicles in about 20 minutes.
My lovely wife is having cold broccoli for a midnight snack. Vile weed!
you a lie
The first stop on the tour will be birmingham. The team is very excited. All the details are on www.starmentors.com
Getting better at this Twitter twit. Plates, how are YOU doing?
hell yea it is.
Competition is one thing, poisoning the well is another. That way lies fascism.
Not sure who started the rumor that I'm dating , but it's not true guys.
Is that Eli or Michael Phelps?
What would you like to know about real estate investing? Ask your questions today!
Discovered ice cream in my freezer. Yes.
The preview makes it look like he's playing the same character. Which I suppose wouldn't be the worst thing ever.
NO, KATHERINE. YOU ARE JUST TOO WEAK!
Thanks for the follow! Gorgeous picture! Love your enthusiasm!
watching a video on youtube of these girls that one a date with Justin Bieber, i would absoloutley die if i were them. O.o
IMO, the silent treatment is the most ignorant approach to issues in relationships. It solves nothing.
So we KNOW u can win a SB with Bradford, Cassel, Campbell, Ponder, Jackson, Kolb, etc? All things considered, Tebow season a success
Absolutely true: Billy Ray Cyrus's real first name is Skeeball.
MY SISTER SAID SHE'LL TAKE ME THE 19TH OMG
Beautiful day in #Texas!
Much better
I. Love. Miami.
what about project stuff wtf y'all doing?
Headed no where fast.
hm we must go boy hunting and find the right Guy for me . ( :
Hooray! Technician is here to doctor our wifi! SO many patrons rely on us for wifi access.
Going deep with some obsolete Korean character encoding schemes.
#nashville tonight at we are in the round with Pete Sallis, Chas Sandford, Lisa Carver and Bethany Dick-Olds.630pm.
Can't believe how many leaves have fallen already! Baking up some pumpkin whoopie pies and sweet potato breads. www.baker-babes.com.
Fellow designer and I were so excited to see our picture on the Holiday party invite! Good times!
You obviously just straight up ignored me......
I'm kidding I'm a good girl though lol
Hahaha, what does that even mean?!
Family is important at Delmark, “As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live.” - Pope John Paul II
haven't watched it yet
you are so welcome :)
you like kidzbop too! Who knew! Thanks for the link.
If you are quiet you can hear the sound of money vaporizing as stock market tanks. I don't make predictions only follow the tape
It's so amazing how when ur feeling down and u go on Tumblr and look at all the funny posts, u dont even remember why u were upset at all.
RT RT : Lotus flower bomb , firefly , When I'm low , she take me high , I can teach you all the sounds of love <U+2665>
": New day! New chance to change!! Failure is an event, not a person. Yesterday ended last night! #renew #Letsgooo!!"
'There is an inverse relationship between reliance on the state and self-reliance.'—William F. Buckley Jr.
well it's both our fault.
the really never will. Miss you bubbba
#Insidious, from #hauntedhouse -> to ghost-busters/hunters/adventures -> to #poltergeist but on the side with Carol-Ann = good scary fun!
What is your favorite Bible verse?
I just can't wait for the weekend to officially get here! Five o'clock hurry up :) puhhhhleassee and thank you!
Florida is beautiful <3
Easter tip: 1. Bite off the top of a hollow chocolate Easter egg. 2. Pour Whiskey.
Dear Douche Bag wearing sunglasses in the grocery store, You are achieving the opposite effect of your goal.
Who the hell is number 19!
Drop it like its hot!
oh yeah
We'd all likely do the same!
Can't wait to celebrate a RECORD BREAKING 2012 Wine Opener tomorrow!
For everyone that is against gay marriage let me just leave you with this concept: gay divorce court tv shows. Right??
lol ima take that as a good complient but i get that alot
can I be your floor right.now
Yes, and I would love to go to O'Briens for the Packer game! Maybe should come too!?
TheMiz jobbing to Brotus Clay just was another sign his stock falling fast..ill have to get #mikewickett view,raw review at 645 a on
I've always wanted an award with this much honor . <U+263A>
When writing the story of your life, don't let anyone else hold the pen.
yeah /: i just don't know when to queue from /: when would you suggest? x
I love Death cab for cutie!! And NSN. Two of my top favorite bands<3
Coffee is the elixir of life
looking forward to your tweets!
Peoplee who say bro after erything can start to be annoying.
It only took 3 years. Nice to see Obama finally support gay marriage. Way to boldly stick your finger in the wind.
Ugh that happens to me EVERY YEAR. :/ That or all my friends and I present in the same session. :(
That funny moment when Austin Mahone looks a lot like my boyfriend.
RT : Time Is Time, Money is MOney, Your ART is YOUR ART, It should take your time, and make money!
i know what ya talking about! :)
Ordering Wholesale Watches « Chinese Martial Arts
Hey Steven!!!
commercial CALLBACK on monday! gonna play mommy again :-)
Goin to gene and judes with and company
the buckeyes are winning the big ten, bring your green hat
got u bro
RT : Dexter Walker & ZIon Movement - Your Latter will be greater (2)
HEY EVERYBODY! WE'LL SEE YOU AT THE GUN SHOW. DECEMBER 12 & 13TH ALBUQUERQUE NM AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING ON THE STATE FAIR GROUNDS.
You gotta fight for your right to paaaarrtyy.
Had the best day at warped ever on Friday all thanks to ! :) Life will never be the same again!! <3
- Our favorite Band of Brother's brother.
RT : South park > family guy
lmao why are you so popular
I'm so hhappy he won !!!!
We create mascot costumes. I'm in Orlando 4/24-26, I'd like to connect w/ costume & character development peeps. Suggestions?
Watched Sugar Bowl @ dome but now home watching highlights...are we sure isn't the Mich kicker?
Bacon fat is the shit.
It's a new week! Soccer training tonight for the boys from 6-9PM in Boynton Beach.
Glad to hear it :-)
: no reason to get cranky. I'm an interested user who had some questions and some feedback. Looked all over site and struck out.
hate that the bulls are out. hope the celtics sweep the 76ers. lol
#Broncos fans, is this week more BITTER or SWEET?
Your best freind is by your side 24\7...no matter the source. Their iriplaceable, and never forgoton J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
What is the number 1 thing you'd like to know about how your furnace works?
ohh ok when do u find out who wins??
After a week, I am hoping tomorrow I start feeling better! 2 big days of meetings ahead!
Fml. Fml. Fml. I have a sub & no headphones T.T
Nothing like on the #sheenroast to get me ready for #greysanatomy!
Cmon Bulls don't fall apart. Refs suck
I wondered why my skin was green when I got out of the lake earlier
That's the spirit! really inspiring RT : Psalm 73:26 My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart...
~Wiggles~ Ohkay...but I'm losing balance!
Team trivia tonight at 8pm. 35 cent wings from 5pm to 12am.
Looking for a great massage? Mystic Journey Massage is offering 20% off the first session to all DPR card holders/ Palm Springs/ Cat City
my oldest daughter (27) knows all the words to every song on Uptown Girl...it puzzles her (tape was in the car for months) .
On this day in 1948 was the 1st televised game by WGN-TV where the Sox beat the Cubs. To whoever had this brilliant idea… thank you!
Sometimes you just want to play Magic cards.
8 days until graduation....
ma friends say I'm selfish, especially Gabriela Gil .. she tells me dat lot of times. :/
Choose 2 Follow Woofs
i hear that, but it sounds a lot like something Romney or the Tea Party would say about Wall Street regulations
I'm obsessed...one of those songs I have on repeat now lol Full on car dance...haha love the new usher!!
Thank You for the follow. Looking forward to reading your tweets! :)
I used many colors don't you worry
Uk can you please win this sh,, so I can here the KU fans hush once and for all!
Reviews on TENNSCO Single- and Double-Entry Tire Racks- tire racks for sale
So tell us, what is your favorite resource for info on juvenile justice on twitter?
Listening to 2 geog teachers discus how they sat beside a convenience store waiting on the tornado... He forgot to tweet about it tho
Attending "Making Sense of Medicare" presentation by #NCOA at West Senior Welness Center.
That takes the fun out! ;D
make it a special one!!
Just finish good workout with1 of my favorite girls #Abi she tried 2 show me out on tha tread. Bout to sit back sip wine & write this paper
Hot galleys for every reader at hachette's booth 945 #pla12! Stop by to say hello and fill a little, brown tote with books!
Good point. If you go for it again, if I'm home I'll join for it.
I'm thankful Josh McDaniels is no longer in charge of the #Broncos draft... Head-scratchers
I lasted only a year at Dyna-Plex.
Any ideas on what the most popular pet costume is?
We'll see how it turns out, Tom. When the butterflies flutter and the words flow, I'm always surprised when I read it later.
Almost have the entire incoming class on campus. Great 2 see several guys in the gym n prep 4 season. Could b a great 1. Work hard!
Great brunch @ Sidewalk Cafe with :-)
LoL RT : I have nothing personal against Reggie Miller, his voice is like listening to a 3 hour lecture from Fran Drescher
The tragedy of life is not death, but what we let die inside of us while we live. ~Norman Cousins
"i want to kill everybody in the world" *drop* -skrillex. Yupp,, drownin in my music. #prayforlondon <3
I saw who I wanted lol
good part is im not eating late being a lard!
Gram just told me baby Cal is coming tomorrow!
my phones like 100 degrees right now from all this twittertivity
Hard at work editing a video for
condescending Bryant I presume.
Yes, this really stinks!
The Seela hands-on cabin will be closed today for repairs and maintenance. We've still got the rest of the Village available, though!
so me a favor and slap yourself?
Um. You're a dumb ass. A mole? So Rush must be in on it. What a stupid comment.
Hello #Indianapolis! It is a pleasure to meet you. The Dream Team
Fuck. Really wish Holtby would've gotten that shutout. Even as a Rangers fan.
One Direction are like fucking magical unicorns!
nails!! :) will you go? Girl time! Love you :)
Christ that went far.
Bad day Mama Schmidt:/ advice is more than welcome please?
Playing Draw Something against my little sister cause I have nothing better to do with my life....
:D Sakinim.d Biz ne ? :D
Living now in the Quads, with my friends! Going to morning class then decorating and arranging our room. YEAH!!!
no. no idea who to pick this year. Like kentucky. Think they might erin it this year.
Only just started following it, but I think may be my new favorite joke Twitter account. Great live-tweeting Stoke-Wolves now
i know :o lmao
she can go fuck herself. that text literally pissed me off.
what up hilarious one.?
..told the Mail Online that reports of a reunion are 'just rumoursat this stage'. Has Anybody got any more accurate certain info or Update?
Feel better! I had a spinal tap yesterday, and I am practically chained to my bed. So much to do, and I'm a captive!
an article about women in #Jewish orgs that I respect. just because the ratio isn't even doesn't mean it's not happening....
Joining my friend in the # The movement so I can be awesome like him lol
so hard. Hate him
Spent the last five hours working on translating 13 pages of Spanish history about the Netherlands. Time to transition to quals reading...
Love is patient
Then u take em off and its a dissapointment lmao RT : When I wear pants that make me look like I have an ass&gt;&gt;&gt;
Grad from over seas pick her up at the terminal. Give riches split digits to them girls up in college.
is gorgeously adorable.. :3
Workin this 13-hour shift not getting off work until tomorrow morning @ 6:00am
#NewRulesofCivility 6. Don’t gossip. Talking about others in this way does nothing positive for your own image.
at least Euro 2012 starts in like three weeks.
nah on that twitpic you posted of your gf
early to rise! mia airport....off to work ..
As someone who has hated the Redskins since he was 10, and has liked Peyton since he was at Tennessee, I hope you are wrong!
Interesting experimentation making an exposure system, but pls. check out a ready-made one w/vacuum @ caps-screenprinting.com.
First report from Colorado GOP- Rick Santorum leads Mitt Romney by 77 votes in Colorado Caucus.
What's everyone doing for this fine Easter?!
value injector is simpler until you need complexity and then you end up in a pickle
Ha. IKR, thats y when some1 asks me 2 pray 4 em, I do it right then/there. funny 2 watch em tense up.
they have a deal for $25 you get a scoreboard pavilion ticket (I'm guessing CF) and 2 beers.
Wonder will I get a scam renewal letter from Domain Registry Of America for each domain I own. Lot of postage
A smile is worth a thousand words!!!!
what's the prob? Toothache,lost filling? Just curious I am a dental assistant
Officially done with my honors english II project.
Today is business day #10 since the test. I'm checking my email every 5-10 minutes waiting for it to come.
Can't wait to see my valentine later :)
Gonna Freeze the fat instead. I've seen the ads. Reckon I can just jam my love handles in the freezer for 30mins?
I hate MLS refs
NFL HOF busts list all teams and years played, but the induction is as a member of a team of the player's choosing.
Their new song "Free" is a revelation!
Just ate chicken Noodle soup. AH and on a cold day.
It AINT none of your friends business.
Andy Kauffman pulled-off the greatest performance art stunt in history 30 years ago this weekend. RIP, sir.
Everyone get ready - Ribbon is going to have a HUGE sale Thursday for Dolphin lovers everywhere.
I keep letting the tiger outta the cage at work. It's only verbal abuse, so those pussies should grow a pair
I just downloaded for OSX last night. So far I like it better than having my three emails open on Safari/Chrome.
I should
- thank you for your leadership on this issue. Truly appreciated; let me know how I can best help you.
I find it ridiculous that people have multiple masters and bachelors degrees.
Running twice today, because I'm dumb.
Guess I'll have to say Happy Tuesday!
Watching and can't get enough. I swear this is one of the best shows on TV.
I was really hoping for a Paul win just to add to the media chaos. Oh well.
Erm, how cool are you, you just tweeted from C4 Dispatches! The mind boggles!
is supess cool guise. follow her because harry would want you to. hehehe <3
that's really good too :)
IE for MAC was last released in 2003 and was no longer supported after 2005.
Sending our thoughts to Virginia Tech
I hope so!!
Amen! RT : No single FB post, Twitter, email, txt message or Skype can have as much impact as a handwritten letter
Some do not understand social media and claim they have a "girl" who handles it.
Bonding Gravity Forms with for a Transcription client, my goal is to do it with two lines of code.
Something good can work
OKAY PEOPLE THE REAL LOUIS DIPIPPA LIKED OUR PAGE!! AND YES IT'S THE REAL ONE! EVEN GEO SAID IT WAS!!! ~ASHLEY
Just saw avatar in 3D in downtown Disney... Good stuff
I get to see you tonight - how exciting is that?! :)
Boise State fans come join us tonight for the game and a cold beer
Happy i got my pic taken with senses fail AT LAST!
Haha had to blow the dust off
Thank you so much!
Follow girls hes single and he has amazing tweets!!! 200 followers!!!!:)
If ur at OP tomorrow morning, I highly recommend the track kitchen for breakfast. Biscuits and gravy is the best
Sitting at the dentist,bout to get drilled on..happy bday to my great grandma morie,she is 103 today, n no that isn't a miss type haha...
My stomach stays hurting ,
I want to recognize the great customer service provided me at Beverly Hills Bike Shop. Bike in at 2:45 pm, out the door at 5:15, same day!
how many hours do you work a weekend?!
Possible jury impasse looms in Oracle-Google trial | Technology ...
Really, Kelso? How could you go from Jackie to Laurie? Seriously dude.
RT : is excited for our Grand Opening event coming Saturday, August 13! Stay tuned here and on FB for details :)
:D my day just started! I rode the Bus to Hospital for physical therapy. My hand still doesn't work very good yet!
Then what are you doing leaving town!?
Guarantee to beat the Chargers now!
if your going to say "yeah" and "haha" the whole time you text me, dont even bother texting me at all.
any of the shows at Gillette?....that's how this whole thing got started last year....t-storms & rock concerts
Record-breaking heat in Denver - IN APRIL. Hey, we can still get a spring snow storm b/c it IS Colorado.
watching it too!!
Next Monday Tuesday free pizza from Boston Area Domino's from 10PM til Midnight, just say BarCast with your order then go pick it up
Hi Joyce, thanks for the DM. Your website seems to be down otherwise would've loved to take a look!
Watching the Whitney Houston Interview on Oprah.
Eminem has TWO of his albums on the top 5 highest selling albums of 2000s.
I can't stand when idiots push their religion down my throat. Stfu I don't care.
They def should of came out with a second sequel to "hustle and flow" #I'm just saying lol follow me because I will follow u
I hope everyone has an awesome day :)
GOOD LUCK!!! hope you do well my friend! :)
Thank you for what you did. It was sad and beautiful. I read each message of love and loss.
Will you ever do another show? I miss you.
Psst. Did u know Street Lee use to work at a police dept.? Yep, with a uniform & paycheck. Shame what the jobs become.
Do the hardest thing on earth for you. Act for yourself. Face the truth.
Great event at Poetry Foundation last night. William Blake's poems set to rockabilly music. Dig it.
Why is it so painful to be a sports fan in this city?? Always disappointed. I need a new weekend hobby.
But it's so easy.
no. Not github's fault. Just the errors were too erratic, and not linked to my commit schedule at all
Watch TONIGHT to see talk about #MyTwoMoms. Set your DVR too, you don't want to miss this one!
So did you?
Thank you Diamond! i love you:) RT : I hope makes the team (:
well ttrying to get his attention is hard enough, you only get a few characters, and he never follows you when you ask :'(
Working and another weekend without sex with a woman. :(
Holmen's 4K program reporting to Board on ipad & Smartboard use in Early Childhood next week! Changing the way instruction delivered!
Why is it salsa gets hotter as it sits? I mean, not homemade salsa, this is store bought stuff. FEEL THE BURN!
big ass ears. Must be Tyler.
do u still RT and tweet your fans? :)
lisa should jump on the bandwagon.... y not .. nd then alexa... :P
no one ever remembers who came in third!!
That's better...
I avoid soy as I have been diagnosed with a thyroid disease.
im bout 2 text u back now sweetie :)
Yep. I think we read out a few of the RTs on
#FollowMeIMS Between great weather, Pacers playoff basketball and the Greatest Spectacle in Racing, May is the best month in Indiana.
Sorry to hear that Curtis has been unwell, but glad you're here! . . . we've been waiting for you in the veterans' tent ;-)
Tuesday is a shithead.
that would rock. You should come to the drinkup!
Ik that was about me.
Last day in GME!
check your DM's
Cos maybe your loveable and maybe your my snowflake Ed Sheeran 'Wake me up' I love this song! <3
: yeah but nothing from them. Was hoping it'd be like Gmail and Voice were.
Screw rules. Screw parents and having no money and "being too young". I just want to live my life the way I want.
umm your on my page? :D
I totally feel like I'm sleep walking right now
I'm good with Jets green or Michigan Maize #goblue And I'm good with an office
Heavenly Kidzz looks like it has it all... what was YOUR favorite childhood toy or game?
Jcrew is a good example of a retailer combating the showrooming effect effectively.
work 6:30 am until 4:30 pm.. very excited for the Brad Paisley concert tomorrow
I'll study with you!
oh well ;/
its my birthday
Nightly ritual: death cab for cutie & ed sheeran on replay.
Those Bette Davis eyes! I see the resemblance:)
Mine for 2012 too!!! And also help me to prepare in the pursuit.
F when u r new to twitter and u keep following very girl with boobs showing! Lol that happens a lot. Seriously
Shopping on Facebook? Well now you can , click the SHOP tab above and start today! Free shipping as always!
“: Berz lead over Allen now 12 pts as more Madison wards reported #madvote”
its my way if flirting. Kinda like I'm a 11 y/o. Its what I do.
that was amazing!!
anything new with you?
i love you soo much i texted you and you didnt text me back:/
I'm hearing some really good things about 's class at #DigitalGovU today. Class act that guy from :)
One of my students is taking a Legos class this summer. Holy moly, I am jealous of him.
Hoping someone tweets from the session on interpreting slavery for public audiences
oh, so excited! you just wait, the twitterverse always delivers.
i'm all good bro, love the ass
You wish.
who doesn't love watching real time google analytics?
Grr.. Valve time strikes again
Lets go
The count down is on. Less than a week and I go to Finland !
went to Falling in Reverse venue it was GREATTTTTTNESSSS
Whataburger breakfast yum
Congrats man RT : The cover for my eBook is almost complete. Pretty excited to get this thing published next week.
Los Angeles Lakers losing series 0-2... what do you guys think will the lakers make a come back?
Having a 5 o'clock class blows. No gdi bus to take me back. It's UofLs fault
And this is why I'm glad I use Arch and not Gentoo...
Thank you, Krystie! Your site is great, too. :)
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
Follow RT Mitt Romney's robo-boner must be straining his prayer pajamas right now!
haha, waste time mostly.....sometimes me and my gf will cam over at Cam4.....check it out...you might like it? xx
I know, right? He's amazing!
is the fox theater show in boulder all ages or 18+???
Duquette once traded Delino DeShields for Pedro Martinez. Look for the #Orioles to sign both this year.
. Unhappy? No, I've told you, he acts like he's king of Madison Avenue. Lording over everyone. Not anymore though.
RT, I love this !
3 day weekend
TUES HAPPY HOUR @ THE SMILING MOOSE = 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO & IMPORT BEERS, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS From 5-7pm!
I'm gone stunt till I can't no more
"But the way I write things, I just write them with a clash between reality and fantasy mostly....
true. I forgot hbo now has HD on demand. Although it's nice to be able to jump in say 10 min late which U cant't do w/ dvr.
Semi-related--do you know figures/wheretofind for single moms in Iceland and Netherlands? Much more common middle/upper there.
ROB WHO.
Just ordered the new CD from via Stoked!
looks like Chris brown :)
You a bad girl and your friends bad too ... U deserve to be dripping swaguu... --->
On my way to host committee meeting in Rosemont. Looking forward to talking about
is going to be unreal! Directed by my all time favorite director Ridley Scott. Can't.....wait!
Rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic!
#mydumbinjury Got into a Bike accident because a squirrel Got in front of me & I didn't wanna run it over,smashing my face and broke my jaw
Lebron always manages to get brought up smh nigga we play tomorrow #TuneIn bitches its #TeamHeat or suck Dick for coke *bob saget voice*
I didn't feel like uploading anything off the HD so I just dipped into the stash.
Jeez, they sure know how to market. I'd think a better bonus would be a $250 credit towards ANY flight.
new zzt album is SICK!
Breathe in and say to yourself, "I love", breath out, "I am loved." Repeat as necessary. It helps when you forget how good it is.
"The human brain is the most complex arrangement of matter in the known universe." What about a society, aka many brains?
on the mend after weekend staph infection! lunch at !
Why, twitter? Why?
“: Another Heat Loss #Pacers” Dont start lol Laker & Heat fans should b out buying each other drinks after 2nite lol
Sox bullpen is truly awful.
Wanna thank ya for reppin Hard for the Team bro!!! U picked a team to be proud of!!! JTP JO-WAYNE
nigga ripped my heart out i dont know
Natalie postman <3
Tired of people accusing me of stuff I didn't do! Leave me alone and fuck off get a life!
“There is only one valid definition of a business purpose: to create a customer.” Peter Drucker
sent the email for press, thanks for your help man!
YES PLEASE
Yes but only if frank does the voice : you guys have to let Dig Tussy do a segment on "News You Have To Figure Out"
"He who says he can, and he who says he can't are both usually right." - attributed to a couple of people.
Hope everyone had a wonderful Holiday weekend. Absolutely loving this time of year in the South. Very inspiring!
FINALLY tried the Barrie burger & it was delicious!
that was on the Asari home world, but you weren't indoctrinated yet
he better not
you can display this gratitude via a rib sampler of some kind. I just learned of you :-)
IMA DO MY BEST FA MY SON..
Google owns the algorithm via Adwords, Apple owns it 4 ITunes. Who will prevail of the 3 in books?
#oligingerbiggerthananyonewright what does this mean, ? Hahaha
It's extra loud in Boston in right now.
#TeamExperience .PRAISE THE LORD !
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 35
Glad I caught most of #CostasTonight on Very insightful discussion on NCAA athletics
Who's participating in Corporate Cup next month?
Want to kick it at the office afterwards? The roof has a view of Tajima LOL
We will be at the show coming from WI, can't wait!
So sick of being put last
back in the grand ol Maple Grove.
Oh, bugger. I wonder what they'll have made of the BRAAAIIINS tweet then.
I make sex with my <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B7>.
hhahahahahahahahahahahahaha your funny
I will for sure! The first cover I saw of yours was "Love is not a fight" by Warren Barfield. That was pretty awesome as well.
Live life like a Pharaoh.
is selling 4X8 foot raised bed gardens for $125, completely installed on May 28th during the Victory Garden Blitz, at Urban Ecology Center.
Hey everyone tell your friends to follow us! We follow back! :)
pretty good (: u?
hi i love you! <U+2665>
The #nitrate content in a glass of #beet juice can lower #blood pressure within hours. / Study in the Queen Mary University of London.
Stay safe everyone!!!!!
Sad day for Houston Fire Department. Senior Captain Dillion passed away after fighting an apartment fire this morning....
TRAFFIC: Crash - Wright St @ IB E. Washington Ave
#NowPlaying. Michael Jackson. You Rock My World.
Long lunch was long. Of course I would forget my keys in the apartment the ONE day Harry isn't around
Comunication cures so many things.
cheer up lol
I'll keep you a daydream away. Just watch from a safe place, so I never have to lose.
Guitar Hero all day.
Remember when I complained that my day at Coachella was the hottest day I've ever lived? Well right now is like that, plus I'm shooting.
your draft stuff is science!
One day away from the ! Craving street food already. Come stop by at the Zagat Lounge tomorrow for a fun experience!
lol u would be the one to kno, wit yo 30000 pairs of Jays
Wife out of town... Eating frozen pizza, drinking beer, and watching Cannibal Holocaust - fine cinema. Just like college all over again.
If you keep doing what everybody else is doing then you will never stand OUT you will just be one in the crowd.
zero problems with WiFi in Pepsi Center, why so impossible to post and text out of AAC?
and are sexy
hey! I hope all is well in NM.
Last Monday of Senior Year that we actually have a full day of classes(:
i think this kid is going to give me his beats.. #woah. lol
Thanks for the RT, Matt!
when's the last time you listened to some jem.
Whered I evr get the delusional dream of a TT job, and why is my self-worth attached to it? Was it the diss. process? Undergrad?
So is my roof gonna blow off now or what?
Congrats and good luck!
after the weigh ins yesterday...ortiz. Mayweather had his hands around ortiz's throat. Ortiz didn't budge and just flexed.
Ok, get one more out. It's within grasp.
#RAW #WWE I give the Miz a lot of Credit cause he actually got a Half Decent match out of Brodus Clay!
Tebow may not fit the mold of a traditional quarterback, but you can't deny his spirit. Unbelievable.
Same here, I think it would be interesting to see what we collectively abandon and if looking at those lists again inspires.
What the hell does a busker look like
That's great, thanks for the link!
Have we gone over how I like men with neck tattoos? Just scribbles all over like smacked spiders. Yes. Yes.
I'm bored :/ _Nany <U+2665>
listening to Palace Music's song "New Partner" and loving it. some songs just stay good forever.
It was pretty awesome! Was also great to see you and catch up.
7 Critical Documents for Freelance Designers - Singapore web design
Cast your cares upon the Lord, for he cares about you~Bible
well keep me posted
RT IF YOU LOVE BEAUTIFUL WOMEN
I really want to quit smoking but it's so fucking hard
"Rosy-Fingered Dawn": better drag queen name or lesbian erotica?
Free parking @ Vinyl 2nite! Come check out the super cool rock group "Shirock" & me, DJ Hans Solo mixing between sets.$7
Booksigning and Gallery Walk with grafitti artist Cynic: Thursday, July23 at 2:30 in the Galleries. Free and open to the public.
Nah, I'm ok. Just whacked my shoulder.
Got Dam I just got pulled over and I'm riding dirty
#spurs fans who do we wanna play? Suns or jazz? I say suns right?
“: Oh, so you chew tobacco? I'm sure all the bitches wanna kiss you.”
...Same number. Just hit me up
hscked by ur best friend greg,!
Awh man, good times! I remember those days. We had a good neighborhood crew! But I'm having a grad party after grad, come! (:
What organizations would you like to us working with?
Sorry techPresident has been slow today, I've been busy texting my composite girlfriend.
how u feeln now?
hope you are having a super time in Las Vegas! keep us posted on all the gossip :) Your fans miss and love you!
John Lennon recorded & produced under 15 different aliases
yum. classic LA. I love their carne asada...
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO EVERYONE FROM OKC PARTY BUS!
I've been looping green day on my iPod and just got in the mood.
I don't know much about bike maintenance either, but watching someone unknowingly putt along on two flats will never not be funny
eating habits should be #1! Gotta have a plan.. !
RT : I think it would be extremely hilarious if Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson died in a freak paper related accident.
Triangular boobs exist. Receiving water is an insult. Deer eat dandelions.
If you're awake, tweet "i love tits"
Wake me up so I know that you're alive.
And now it pouring rain.... Well! That came out of no where
RT : You're more likely to die from a vending machine than win the $640 million Mega Millions jackpot tonight
oh ok ok it figured it had to be one or the other haha
heading to #brimfield in May! So excited!
Agreed. I'm badge-motivated! RT just finished my 100th exercise! Is there a 100 exercises badge? :)
the civil wars are on that!!
so my sister and brother-in-law met u in Mexico while on their honeymoon.. I'm pissed she didnt ask u for tickets to a show. haha
I still havent watched The Avengers -__-
lol, I just got it.
Never understood why people think its ok to block their number and call people. No one is going to answer ur call
Get out! I love that! Thanks for the info :)
ON FRIDAY BECUZ I WONT BE BUSYY!
Seeing THE AVENGERS again. So pumped - this movie rocks.
Don't allow thoughts of failure or even defeat anywhere near your mind
Don't worry, Sam. I will.
I was really waitin 2 see my nephew !!!! No call no show,
- way to go! You see, there is life after Phenomenon!
Apparently not! RT pessimism is not our friend Bo!!
It's Nicole from "Home Run Showdown." This is the twitter for my webseries!! Follow us and tell all your friends :-D
Happy Birthday!!
ha.. well maybe it's because they think your chasing them... try to be patient and let them make the first move eh?
To all who love Mermaids check out NaLee the beginning of a trilogy NaLee2010.com by Erin Sankey
CS his ass! He'll wish he'd have cooperated then.
Wanted to send you personal #FF wish - thanks for the engagement, it is appreciated!
Almost time to close up shop! Wishing everyone a fun & safe Holiday weekend!
#SometimesYouHaveTo do things you don't wanna do.
Ask to save Brenda from prison or death for being gay in #Uganda #AllOut4Equality #LGBT-- /www.allout.org/en/brenda/
She had trouble keeping track what time it was.
Jeffrey Dahmer's Killer -- Appetite for a Book Deal
Congrats to the WI Badgers on a great run in the tourney!! Thrilling game and so close.
white eskimo i love you
Good morning ladies and gentlemen :-)
If your baby is ten years old, you aren't allowed to complain about the weight you can't lose you gained during your pregnancy
Thanks God for this morning sisi of to school me ah wanting a cup of cofee enjoy whos drinking one now...washting fox11news cofeeplease
Deuces ...thanks for the four years!
Do you think Newt's wife just stands there smiling & wondering...when do I become the next ex?
Panel is busting out of the stage! Martha asking audience members questions. More on the relationship between #newplay choice and marketing.
Hardcore!! You were one of our session's most prolific tweeters, so I really appreciate that you did that.
we wanna see more tweets! follow these twitters!
Another internet kid caught 4bet folding. Felt like he was gonna do it too. Had it this time though :(. Oh well it was just QQ and I was OOP
Two new printers in ICC and more to come around campus. To follow UIS updates, check out
Isn't it just? RT UPS dropped off an ARC of 's ODDLY NORMAL, & it is beautiful. (Forthcoming from in Nov)
wow.. you have nothing better to do than to mock my status..? my respect for you just jumped off a cliff.
#hrd2011ur Please introduce yourself and what you wish to gain from tonight's chat.
It seems like you don't give a fuck about our friendship anymore or my general well being, so why should i try anymore?
Haha guess who?(;
I wish I wouldn't allow you to affect my mood. I just hate you so much.
keep it dry! lol
If you love someone put their name in a circle, not a heart, because hearts can be broken but circles go on forever!
Thanks so very much for the RT about our #seder!
Looking through our camera and laughing at everything we don't remember from last night.
I swear to god that big ang's twin from mob wives was on my flight she was just like her in every way! So entertaining!
I like Rondo, but that kind of crap is why he never reached his potential at UK. Little kids know you cant touch the refs.
Life is what u make it... And I'm painting in MY way
I agree. I opened the windows. Well, Yall enjoy. Smooches
Glad you were a good steward of that blue box. P.S. <My whistling at 2600Hz is out of practice.
One of my fav things... extremely talented people, who are also extremely philanthropic! Can't wait for our shoot with 2morrow!
I don't see that as a valid comparison.
Love the people that wear tank tops and flip flops in protest to this weather. It's Spring, dammit!
I'm tryin to make sure you know you're appreciated
We were just told that our site was used on your station on having a home inventory. Is there anyone we could contact to see it?
RT : Fear, uncertainty and doubt stand between us and those things that bring us joy. - Mark Kolke
I might be a little biased, but Knightsbridge Wine Shoppe
thank you dan!
Damn I ain't hardly tweeted all day!
GOD does not lie! -- 100Prayingwomen ()
Getting ready for our Halloween Birthday Bash at Mastrellas! Oct. 29th ~ Get your scare on! Classic Rock all night long! New songs added!
Y'all are picking some great jamz tonight, yo. THANKS from the bottom of my heart.
Based on popularity, I would say yes! There are many on the reserve list for The Help, and everyone I talk to raves.
Glad we know who milla jovovivh is rooting for. She knows talent.
Can n e body else watch porn without gettn horny?
the Portland Collects show at PAM is nicely installed with lots of surprises
How nice to come home to a card congratulating me on my election to ALA Council.
well....it is. But Morneau is pretty good. Both can be true.
Please help reach 200 followers. Every bit helps! Have a happy tweet week everyone! Thanks guys!
Countdown to #FreshmanFeast! See everybody at 6pm for some all you can eat Italian food!
I can't help but fall asleep when people play with my hair <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086>
Backhanded complement? My wife said "I live so far outside the box that sometimes she needs to bring me back to it."
great decision dan..time to get better.
Killer gets unemployment while injail_4093962#.T1OYrMfyNYE.twitter Welcome to the USA 2012 in particular Cali He keeps it!
Sounders match, too!
Today, I lost my mood ring... I'm not sure how I feel about that.
I know this is a little late but whoever shoveled my sidewalks last night for me, you're awesome and I will buy ou a shot!
Live life to the fullest and don't take yourself too seriously.
Reduce corporate tax rate, alternative minimum tax and self employment tax could you imagine the employment stimulation???
yeah guess your right
an app
No problem, I saw the video when you originally uploaded it. It was cool. I dig your video.
jennifer:so what are you doin tmrw? Me:idk. wbu? Jennifer:idk.. Me:we have amazing lives! Jennifer:IKR!
I sure love him :)
Shop closed till Saturday January 2nd for remodeling. Coming soon a better shopping experience with us in 2010.
<U+E419> (looks away) oh nothing...
thanks for the invite shit tooth
timeless Music
I think when the full horror of being fifty hits you, you should stay home and have a good cry
Welcome, Katie, to our page.
The divorce rate in the United States is the highest in the world. 50% of all marriages end in divorce.
But it's okay, God will be with me. :D
Schools Open! Announcing Daily Tweets reveiling the secrets of health ins Don't miss this information that may save your life and assets
I know that your the only one.
Every time I step in class I realize how much I can't wait to get out of this place..
OKAY GUISE IM LOGGING OFF NOW AND IM SO GONNAC RY SO MUCH I MIGHT DROWN
Hockey vs #SunPrairie this morning. They were our first game of the season (4-0 SP). Let's see how far the #PolarCaps have come!
You need to calm down
"#Budweiser with some jalapeno chips...Yum" Well done sir! What about #Corona and #fritos ?
About to get my heart scanned what are the odds they tell me to lose weight, Eat right, and exercise.
Whatever! Whatever! I do what I want! I sleep with the homeless!
That would hold ALL of my stuff! Love it!
WTF? Cook is back in? Amazing.
Gavin DeGraw is Eliminated from &#39;Dancing with the Stars&#39; - Who He Should Start Dating To Console Him?
yes she was there! <U+E057>
Oy... I *finally* finished watching "Blackadder Goes Forth." The final episode, "Goodbye," especially the end, deeply affected me...
like an avatar
Going to take my little brother to get his permit on his birthday!
up all night and not like the blink song
There's barely a show without ! You gotta go for season 3 xoox
2 million a year, 2 years. Very reasonable considering his role, rookie salary scale, and options in free agency.
Friends of Howard Football loves us some HU Cheerleaders. Thank you ladies, for you support and hard work!
R u training right now?
A2 - , , Great examples of sites that give good product recommendations
Focus your business w/ Reflexology 1waytowellness.com!
nothing more awkward than when your sister's boyfriend sees you naked.......
tomorrows my last full day of high school.............ah
NGA is lower, 1.6% but growing each month. Also around 70% iOS but that's dropped slightly
Listening to phat beats!
Hey - Pudsey could host a better show than
Sometimes when there is a problem in a relationship the couple attacks each other instead of the problem
#drupalcon #ux Download and extend page is getting a drubbing in the UX studies. It' not clear that this is a filtered search.
that "form" was also pretty good in the 2010 winter olympics...
All good music is inspired by something, a thought, a conversation............men
Sometimes I feel like I am still learning fancy technology... like a fax machine or setting up conference calls.
“: The road back to the NBA Finals sure seems smoothly paved for the Heatles this year, doesn't it?” Sickening
Thank you and for reading :)
... m. fresh breakers!
Actions are louder than words
If you could go back 100 years, would you tell Leo not to board Titanic to save his life, or let him get on so he could still meet Rose?
Right on! What a relief huh?
Wednesday is *Kids Eat Free Day* (10y & under with adult combo purchase)! We'll be looking for you later today!
did that seriously just happen? I'm.so.bummed.out.
Silly debate going on in the newsroom...What sound/If any does a gator make?
Steve Jobs steps down!
Terrific talk today with about our respective site visits to DH centers . . . 1/2
#VolcanoGirl screens today at the Southern California Business Film Festival! Woohoo!!
what i wouldn't do for some armadillo grill from raleigh, nc right about now. sigh...
I hate you. Haha.
Since we started watching American Horror Story I am afraid to go into the basement. Yep. I'm a grownup.
We Will Never Leave Kidrauhl. <3
When someone tells me my cd is in their cd player, I get giddy like a little school girl <3
can i update my rivals profile ??
Why is it only Wednesday.....
Listening to Watermelon Slim at Red's Blues Club! This is epic.
Watching sing Miranda Lambert while driving is highly entertaining
#WhyDoIAlways find dog tags and jeans to be such a turn on?...
Yes! Nerd-sourcing, not crowd-sourcing. Makes way more sense.
I'm just really feeling a road trip full of early morning radio talk show hosts
CEO Space in Vegas all week. Staying at Loews Lake - total desert paradise.
I should take up planking
The cure for cancer, Gerson Therapy, is illegal in the United States. Educate yourselves. It pretty much will heal any ailment.
We on the same page! RT : All I can think about is food..
Time to get weird.
#Trivia What year did Citi Fieldopen?
": #Gemini #Virgo #Sagittarius and #Pisces tend to talk more than walk."
And mad props to and for allowing us to share, store and collaborate on countless files. You guys rock!
Now might be the time to invest in weather resistant apparel. Also, an umbrella. Then again, a walk home in the rain ain't always so bad :)
Gallery 924 is now open with new works by Nhat Tran. We are open until 5 tonight, so stop by and check it out!
when you coming to Columbus to work?
Booked a good win in the 4/800 mix earlier, now playing the 1.5k Chinese tournament hoping to ship the enormous 1st place trophy..
Spending Easter with >
that's pretty much why I keep my ironing board under the bed and never use it.
RT if you Judy like to click retweet.
also Green I doubt he will be back for more than $3 mil/yr
This Laker Heat game is out of control right now, let's see who's got it
overflow at palm park I what I heard
Man, my stomach was on knots last night. Fridays poisoned ya girl.
Nice! That's the Android phone to get dude :D
sounds like DNS, or routing. good times!
I believe it is the 8th, Thursday :)
I'll have another
caught up on all my episodes. Travelling for business this hotel better have BET!
B4 anybody else talk to me I need to know who their squad is.
Not sure but I think this day is in sloooowwww motion!
Thanks for the follow, !
Losin it during final tracking. Tomorrow is reserved for final mix. Almost there.
cozy night inside
Klout thinks I'm influential about the Detroit Lions.?!?!?! Can't remember the last thing I said about the Lions. lol
Strand Events Today: 6:00PM Freeman Family Funeral Homes Remembrance Service - Free and open to the public.
R & R time. Night Tweeters
It can just take a few minutes of stopping your busy life to turn and look into the eyes of your partner
new post dropping later! got a scoop on a possible PED scandal!
hi Coach, I'm guest tweeter for it would surprise you who I am. Wanna guess? Want some clues?
she really is.
It is the trouble that never comes that causes the loss of sleep. - Chas. Austin Bates
Eddie 'twitpic' Ortiz on a roll once again
Happy New Year from Operation: Sound Off! We are hoping 2011 brings great things! www.OperationSoundOff.com
life is only as serious as you take it - focus on the things that matter and don't doubt the things you know are true /end rant.
. excited to hear you and talk about Data Philanthropy!
Harden.just.don't .shoot.
#hungryearrecords: the home of manual automation!
Maulers - Asa, Rotties - Shockin', Asa takes lead and absolutely burnt up the track
When times are good I pray and give thanks as much as I do when times are hard.
#YouMightBeGhettoIf you still wearin them solid tee's..
#raw10 Police use 2 beat u n a dark alley. Now, they beat U @ AM-PM. Yes, 1 Coffee, dozen glazed donuts n a large can of Whup Ass!
oh man! Yes I did! Not sure What I think lol buy funny :)
Indiana roads are crap
:( why are my dreams always true
id kill someone for you ....
Still super sick. More medicine, more water and def more sleep...
Top10drupa No 8: Your US colleagues start saying "Brilliant" & your UK colleagues start saying "Awesome"
I was watching it earlier. They were auctioning off creepy dolls.
“: #Legalize Marijuana, or don't. I'll still smoke it.”
<U+200E>4 Simple Questions are leading to many making a 6 figures a month! Are you one of them? You can be at 9:00 PM EST 646-519-5860 Code:64630#
High school graduation rates in Las Vegas are 44% vs 71% for the national average.
I wish i was kendall jenner
The sun is TRYING to come out. 55 degrees. Cool breeze. I love living in Paradise! Pouring another cup of coffee and perusing life on earth.
One week of high school left. This is crazy. Can't believe we've made it this far. It's so bittersweet.
Spaz returning? I will not be purchasing BC football season tickets and will not be making a Flynn Fund donation.
enjoying daria right now.. i feel like im 10 again... except now i understand whats going on..
I am going to need an IV of caffeine today.....agh.
I'm sure there will be!
i think so.. unnie im a horrible cook
I need a new dealer
' An if yu dnt like it move the fuk around!!
"The difference between a job and a career is the difference between forty and sixty hours a week."
nice!!! RT S/O to #HNITH being the number 1 banger in Colorado & thus RAW freestyles were born
-.- yeah right kid
Wait 30 minutes and reassess. If the condition persists for more than a week, you may be diagnosed with Adulthood.
There are few issues an elegant Burgundy that tastes like freshly picked Michigan cherries can't resolve.
It was a perfect blend of poetry and meanness. ~ You've Got Mail
It's April Fools' Day but is no joke. He's about to unleash a hot debut album! Follow him/ www.twitter.com/KADEN
Your middle name is "Zoe"? Sweet! So is mine!
Honestly, the commercials are my favorite part of the Super Bowl!
Of course you write! Glad to make your acquaintance.
yeah, the gyroscope + body temp drops during sleep. #scienceFTW!
flashback to high school, viola in hand, anxiously nipping at the heels of the cool kids
When you need to use your tea kettle to de-ice your car it's time to get out of bloody Cleveland!
don't we all.
that movie has great lines....
your blowing up my phone with your confusing tweets.
mom and relaxed today
-- sounds enter the water / on this night / cuckoo #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
Why couldn't the alligator send e-mails on his PC?Because it was on old croc.
articles/ quotes of Cal being impressed by Vols grosses me out. I miss his hatred and loathing. That's when we got game. #askbruce&rickp
Ewwww I just saw a crow eating a dead rat on my street
Race to not be the last media outlet to post about Beyonce's Tumblr. Hurry, you might still beat the Times-Picayune!
I just scared the dog off the couch by yelling. Terrible finish.
LOVE a great smelling man....ohweeeee
I followed can I get a shoutout? Or a follow? Please? Yes? Maybe? Lol
Let's call you Ginny-san, master.
Didnt take da hearing test since they already know I would fail it haha but it took an argument with the hearing tester chick
wondering where the fuck is & why I'm not getting a text back.
all I wanna do is sleep
- We are honored to have you on our team!
Where not that far away
What makes you think so ?
Do you remember 1968? Yeah, me neither, so tune into www.rainydawg.org for the next best thing, 11 am to 1 pm
THEY TAKE US EVERYWHERE: Our feet. How do you take good care of your feet?
Be safe and enjoy the 4th everyone!
so...i've got this bloody eye thing still going on.(which will NOT help my social life)...a co-worker told me "thank god youre on the radio"
go for it!
lets get it
Loved my first day at NCSL in Tampa. Look forward to seeing the final draft around Educator Effectiveness.
As long as it's him and not his brother. But yeah, he seems to have some good ideas about emergency prep.
stuck on plane, fav Oscar moments so far?
I've done that. One of the most fascinating weeks I've ever had. Especially with all the post-Speer stuff thrown in.
More content is produced today in 48 hours, than was produced from the beginning of time until 2003....no wonder the kids all have ADD
RBMS video was amazing! You looked beautiful too :)
Crying hysterically because just acknowledged your existence in the world=
Join us for the first Common $ense financial literacy series workshop, tonight at 6:15 in McShain...FREE PIZZA!
I hate people who steal my ideas before I think of them!
headed to Memphis for dance competition <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> with
Happy Sunday! Thanks for the follow
The awkward moment when someone is wearing more makeup then clothes. o.0
Actually I believe there are 2 Dunkin Donuts in town. 1 at the airport, and 1 at 7000 West Military.
i got fat and pale. so that means fuck you, and fuck you too
Thank you for following me, I am excited!
scratches ;P Cornering CRASH (lowslide) .
Arrived in North Palm Beach on Friday Had a wonderful time with my son. Saturday morning traveled by car to Ft Lauderdale ..... Booked at t…
ER recipe for US: 1. Raise revenues, control costs, 2. Infrastructure, 3. Energy bill w/renewables, nat gas, conservation, 4. Real Ed bill.
Is that the right Stefani Jones?
Hey everyone this account is new
I wish I could go see Tiesto play at LIV in Miami..
no wonder! ;)
Tommorow is going to be my first day of exposure. Am I ready? Is The Kloset ready? I don't know what to expect, but I have faith.
My Brit and Ohio friends are in town--pub crawl later- oh yes this may get sloppy
Looks fine to me from here!
Quality Tweeps to follow! CHEERS KAFE CASTRO style! *clink*
Stop laughing lol. This is why I can't stand you
I'm SO craving a Cowboy Dawg from today!!! We gotta get you guys up north of LA too!!!!
is that good or bad?
guys who have an accent <33333
Instax Mini 50S Film Camera (Black) | Polaroid Camera
Let's welcome a new Twitter-Teacher! Please RT
How can the only thing that's killing me make me feel so alive?
Fareal Nah! So what you think
I hope you get the opportunity.
some place in east lib with my g-raise shits crazy...
Ask your Vet about Digestive Enzymes to help your dog feel better!
#COMinaDay starts...right...now! Get those cameras rolling--or maybe just wait until the morning...
Good thanks. Getting ready for work.
Gotta have it
Wishing all of our followers a great Friday.
Watched The Graduate for first time since high school. Would never have understood it then as allegory of white male privilege.
i actually wont be back till late monday night so tues would work better if poss. clipper/laker season opener with my mom!
Kevin Hickey jersey hanging in Sox dugout.
...running underneath." Zev: if it's possible for train to go under another part of property, would that resolve your concerns?
already rocking the one- piece suit tan line
cool. You from there? Like it there?
when it comes 2 shows such as Malibu country how do they pick the cast?? Was this written 4 u?? IT SOUNDS PERFECT 4 U!! LUV YA
Many thanks and #WW to all RT :
RT : One of the key benefits of using a foam roller? It helps keep you flexibile and works out the kinks in any tight muscles.
My new favorite artist: Uncle Murder.
to go get a job lmao . and i dont wanna be here .
my apologies for phone experience, please DM acct# or phone+zip. i'll verify for you
Awake USF! It's graduation day!
it was my old twitter but it had issues so I made this onee
whoops. taken OFF the reading list.
Have been talking to my BFF for an hour and playing draw something hahaha love her hahah
okay so what color are my eyes and what instrument do I play during marching season?
If you were not at Whip tonight you will hear about the once in a life time performance. DJ ES special guest and no one could top that shit!
. what are you eating/drinking right now?
I need ya email address em me
Hey, my phone's not gonna work come Thursday, FYI.
how old are u?
I sure hope you're right about all of this. I want a real guv.
Especially considering 1/3 of the programs listed by SAA aren't even ALA accredited? [-]
With the 26th Overall Pick, the #Texans pick #Illinois DE Whitney Mercilus. #NFL Draft
Anyone else get teary-eyed when reading all these #onetreehill #OTH9memories quotes? <raises both hands>
ok gonna try to make #postchat today but will b watching American Idol at the same time lol sheesh i kno i kno ..
boom boom boom boom da boom....
Equally common, user needs/requirements are shifting so fast, ongoing fluid dev is a must.
I tried to convince my trainer that dangling a cookie in front of me would make me work harder. She didn't buy it.
Patrick Wilson plays a great "guy like Patrick Wilson"
Can't wait for the meeting tonight! Looking forward to meeting you.
Saturday. Sun. The Beatles. Breeze. Breakfast. Life is Good.
Happy Mother's Day to all you mom's out there :-)
wow! Look at u! Even using a hashtag! Lol ;)
Sounds better than doing all that with 50-ish hour week and 13 hours of commuting. :)
Where are you going? We'll miss you. Loved your pops show with Oregon Symphony. Glad you're voting before you leave.
I don't want to be in it for a reason.
Social media #petpeeve: when people use #hashtags on Facebook.
Bright Hope is at
NEEDS #TAYLORNTYRA ASAP!
couldn't have said it better myself.
“: Admit it or not, you're best friend is your brother.” <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> dawww
I figure good service deserves a shout out.
"This is your life and it's ending one minute at a time so live it to the fullest"
Watch #MISFITS - Best serie EVER.
And random...
Points in the paint
me too! until that one episodes when she dreamed of everyone dancing at the indian restaurant. that was just weird...
Chicago's awesome. Met a ton of great peeps yesterday. I am ready for today. Tonight...Twin Anchors. Be there!!!
please follow it would be
We'll be there 2! RT : We're playing Studio 13 tonight at ten!!! so that means 3 hours to get drunk...LET'S PARTY!!!!
Courtney is here!!!! :)
This teacher what he hell are we watching????????????
as dirt.
Amen sister.
Today is 5% off Friday, lots of Madison Avenue businesses participating. Come shop!
Awesome meeting with last night - stay tuned for their upcoming feature on the site.
Thank you so much to all of you who came to #FoodFightMKENight You just fed 30 hungry Milwaukee families. :]
How do you convince a company that is purely B2B that engaging in community building and 'engagement' in the brand is important?
Including McBride is a little boring given his stereotypical good looks and cookie cutter sex appeal. #WhatNextGeorgeClooney?
Our Lord Aeneas, Give him a follow. Or...follow him thither, if you will ;-)
I think it will be very interesting. I can only imagine we'll be there.
haha, thanks Grant. I feel better now.
Yup I know -___- RT : lmfaoooo get ready to die!
Yeah!!! Cuddles and fucking. Good things for the rain. ;)
New Special: Rosemary Pork Chops - 12oz Rosemary rubbed pork chop served with red potatoes and grilled corn on the cob $19.95
Milk? Ew. RT : Hum....not sure about that one! What do you mix Peanut Butter & Jelly Vodka with anyway?!
Let's hope this isn't a microcosm of the entire season.
I don't get it! LOL. Must just be me. But then I usually have to hold myself down to keep from flailing too much.
much love.
A friend ask me if I thought I would get a record deal I said yes if it Is my fathers will and no if not, why? God owns all of them.
In math . ewwie
Wow. Everyone okay after that last cloudburst? Crazy weather today.
have you seen the second ep. yet?
"22; it's not just a rifle."
Im just glad 2 be out da heat....
is nice, while urs is all big and dirty lol
Hopefully my mom got my back like chiroprac
Just ordered room service for the first time. Night doing that again
looking full of class.
How is doing this any different than a pimp taking away a victims right to govern their own body and mind? HUMAN RIGHTS for EVERYONE!
Tonite's Dinner Special - Ancho Chile Crusted Strip Steak, Smoke Chile Sauce, Pico de Gallo + choice of side
KOALADANCEBOTS RUN THE WORLD!!!
haha, congratulations! I got into it and went "holy sh******t" in the pose. & congrats on the new job! Where will you be?
just realized I don't even know your name haha. What is it ?
hahaha, it's no biggie! If I don't get it to 3.0 by the time I graduate, I won't be able to get in to graduate school. :(
A6: Be memorable by gaining face time with top executives.
"There's Nothing Out There" definite forerunner of "Cabin IN The Woods" which is excellent BTW
so sleepy
I wanted a job, to teach, to be around ppl doing interesting things. Now I focus on a bigger picture I don't like at all.
“: The girl with the dragon tattoo is using the same story line? FACK. Save your $20 and just read the subtitles.”
I miss you to smiles
Oh, no! I totally missed this SOS. We couldn't find a church fry either. :( Just got fish and chips at a bar.
just heard say "hell yeah... I'll take it any way I can." ironic? nah.
I love it! Bringing it to work Tues! Stayin outta trouble tonight?
I can't wait...
we are looking for Seattle Rock/Punk bands 2 be a part of a Make A Wish Fund Raiser, do you know of any who might be interested?
The recently-launched Ringstats.com project, we had the pleasure of working with and his Vector Media Group for the #eecms plus more.
haha, god i cant explain how much jealousy im feeling right now!(:
damn! I was in flight.
The anticipation is going to kill me for & announcement today!
You would think it's a preseason game with so many empty seats. Jesus.
True. That's prolly the only way we'd win a baseball trivia round.
Horray! Last day of Classes! Need a quiet place to learn via osmosis? Check out the quiet reading room on M Level
not at all! thanks so much for suggesting us! wishing we were lounging in the park now!
it hurt my feelings :(
WELL I MUST SAY IM A WOMAN THATS HAVING A HARD TIME LETTIN MY PASS GO N I HAVE BEEN DONE WRONG BUT I FORGIVE N MOVE ON
According to , I'm pretty good at Name That Tune trivia... "for a mere mortal."
believe me, what I don't know can fill volumes. I learn something knew everyday on this job.
Haha it shows like Jake has 0 followers too. :'D
If not for the possibility of rats, I would offer to take the midnight to 4 am shift.
Electronic Cigarette starter kits from $34.50 If you've thinking about switching now is the time! www.genxvapor.com
Just worked that ellyltical like I was mad at it ...
Shes bein reckless once again. Grow up already.
z bed time
I'm hauling ass home so I can hollister shop before midnight
your cuter though :3
so demanding...
Finished writing the next #songforyou tune last night. Any guesses on what it's about?
Aw Mechel... I was waiting on the date... lemme see if I can..
Fruit Smoothie
RT Breaking News: MillerCoors sues the New England Patriots claiming they reneged on exclusive beer deal bit.ly/odch9o
Thanks for sharing!
of course :) hes been pretty caught up and busy with everything. But the new year brings a lot of suprises and promises
As long as you have a roof over your head, and food in your stomach, DO WHAT YOU LOVE
will do thanks ;)
When finished, I leaned over to , and the only words I had were "That was beautiful."
Omg I never get tired of listening to Bon Iver. Ugh, so beautiful.
RT : Joint SDI+ITSMF event going well, esp session 'cheating for gold standard service' from John Salt of Hill Dickinson
- Spend your $ on a PR company to monitor your email activity. Stop embarrassing yourself, your team and your city
Recording vocals for the new song tonight! Hopefully we can release it before the end of the month!
Express something that you are feeling that is real- like I'm feeling afraid right now or I'm feeling sad
It's never too cold to scavenge quality furniture abandoned by tasteless neighbors.
Are you using #QuickBooks? Accepting #CreditCards? Give us a call...we're here to help!
OK we have to start a list of these somewhere!
well if it makes you feel any better, people in Vegas don't even pretend to recycle!
Awesome ladies! Can't wait to hear some tunes :)
when will you be droping an album or mixtape?
Sick as a dog. Whatever that means.
re read your article about cold calls, I am attempting to do the same with a travel blog, did this allow u to close sales?
After all, it is slut season. I mean summer. RT : Facebook should have a relationship status called: "SPORT FUCKING"
loved trying a sample of give it a shot!
so how are you???
u have a #stalker Madame!
Who is Cher Lloyd? cher lloyd is my idol and a beautiful person :) #iLoveCherLloyd!
Having a great stay in Israel. After all this contentiousness on Twitter it's nice to get away to someplace more peaceful.
Wish i had been able to go to #fp2012 - tweets are tantalizingly interesting. interesting views on
School's dead?? Yaay! :D
Still looking for a basket weaver/maker in the Mke area to help out at the next #CommunityARTReach event.
lmao what ever works right
Got it, thanks and good luck!
#SMSportsChat I can say from personal experience, that the #SFGiants have had huge spike in tix sold through Twitter/Facebook
Happy Sunday!!!
lexi is a boss..hangin with her..she's yolo fo life
o , twitter missed your stunning ass(;
Still working out some of the 3D animations for our new video, expect lots of great posts in the coming weeks!
Are we/we/or are we/I/I we/what/matters/is a word
that was a good pass to welker bad throw to sideline to Branch get it right. If he could of completed would of been1st down
#TeamBiBi is the G.O.A.T
Al Green..... "Lets stay together"
Ppl believe anything they hear and stories are always getting twisted.
4 inch heels may have not been a good idea!! But damn it they are cute
LOL terrific to meet so many members - this a great start for the best conference ever!
Hey, I thought my weekend was gonna be craptastic, but then it turned amazeballs! #NewCLTlingo cc:
On the road to south beach. Looking forward to an authentic cultural experience.
Tomorrow is the big day for the #wmnldrs !
I can't wait to see Jacob tomorrow <3
Nocioni to the Celtics being explored? Not sure how I feel about that one...
You're sweet, thank you! I hope you're having a great sunday!!
Canisius when are grades coming in?
“: Gasol 19 17 6 and 4” That's what they need...every night from him
he walked the entire FIU campus like that
Starting to see some mini mes around kc. Cats attempting to Jack my style! Can't even say I'm mad.
very cool
Women with cankles
You are very welcome!
Sure. But I was referring more to my penchant for procrastination.
Report: iPod Touch Makes Up Nearly 40 Percent of iOS Sales
Re-dubbed my scene this past Thursday. Saw the footage, it looks scary.
Celebrity sighting: Dean Star of !
looking fwd to this weekend!
Rory McIlroy tries to strike the perfect work and life balance - Yahoo! Sports (blog)
How do you make the drink?
Putting together a Beastie Boy tribute set for my gig tonight at the Pioneer Bar. What songs should I play? CC:
What up fam, what's good wit cha!
I believe we have hired a producer, but I don't know who it is.
What is your problem? As if I'm not anticipating it enough how rude
ah hell, gotta wait till next week. Great Show.
Loving 's #modevux keynote. Wisdom! Hilarity! Profanity!
what are you doing
but yes, that's an adorable picture ^,^ Together forever! ;)
"Werewolves In London"!!!!
Wasn't it Bill Phillips who brought it to market?
helluva show last night sir!
James, I like your smooth style! I am currently working on Jazz project in your area...may catch you playing on the Square!
When I eat M&M's I have to separate the colors first.
Food wasted -_-
thanks for the mention Twon, we really appreciate it !!!!! Means a lot to us :)
Not really. Just got woke up out of a dead sleep and my brain is still asleep.
If World Peace is suspended, does that mean I get to invade Canada now?
Good morning everyone have a great Monday!
We just updated our website for Five Corners Strategies. www.fivecornersstrategies.com Please check it out. Thanks.
hey check us out at mysoflo.com & follow
The bridesmaid dress hunt is officially over!!! So excited!!!
info request: timeline of time travel
wish ii can call #oomf so ii can talk to him...anyone really
Don't blame no one for your problems
Dallas/Fort Worth. But if he could find a good opportunity we might move. He has a few contacts at Telltale Games in San Fran.
Subject today at church is "Can iGet a Refill"
arguments in McDonalds >>
If you are missing anything and have been in my car call me. Everything that's not mine will be thrown away this Friday
I miss you hellas.
just hosted a conversation with Martin Gomez, city librarian in LA on the future of public libraries. awesome! thanks martin!!
I'm an orange moon, I'm brighter than before...brighter than ever before.
thanks yo! that's our oldest song! haha
My hamster is spazzing ahahah. He seriously is me if i were a male Russian dwarf hamster if that makes sense...haha
What he doesn't know is Brady has his own special way of putting his pants on.
video of day 2 will be up later!
I begged Jenny and now we're coming over!
Magic brownies??
#How2Tarot Shindig online #Tarot supports the base card - this is the card that teaches us, or is deep base or lesson to be learnt. V Useful
I remember a day in the not too distant past when I actually looked forward to hearing This American Life every week ...
thank YOU for few of the true friends i got
So now we live in such a "Police State" that if Govt officials/Election candidates dont like Crippled Gimps (my Autism), they just attack U?
drinking some coffee, reading email at the gallery and feeling thankful for everything :-)
A whole day without telling me how to lose weight and that people are saying nasty things about me...
Hi we would love to invite you and your team to our Holiday Pop Up Shop!!! Dec. 8th 5:30-8:30! Lots of local designers and Wine!
I did!
Heaven added a lot more soul & the blues got bluesier with the passing of the magnificent Etta James..... R.I.P.
In Toronto on my way to #JCDL2011 Already lost my baggage, looking forward to 4 days of not thinking about what to wear in the morning!
oh what classy lady wouldnt want to recieve that text :)
> Mr. Von Hart, I've always said you were the sharpest mind and snappiest dresser in the office.
It's a sign of the times hearing breaking news on Twitter first
Is this thing on?
I already tried hahaha it's not ready yet
Once you are able to master the emotions that run your life, everything else falls into place – YOU University
First time in Italy. I'm going on a Mediterranean cruise. The ship departs from Rome so I want to spend a few extra days there.
Struggling to get Buffalo home and safe
Yeah me too I park my car in the garage at my work everyday and I swear I get random dents out of no where I hate it!!
I get you
I would like to see the exaggerated histrionics in #edu discussion stop. We need to come together and form solutions, not ideologies.
Does anyone an exact date for the opening of the 8*twelve restaurant? The press release said in June, but didn't give a day.
....and now I want to know all about it
He should be getting the title shot.
CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "So addicting" by Lauren
bulletproof love - pierce the veil
Every ramp to get to 94 west is closed. Literally, every ramp.
Love your presentation! Twitter gives me wings and allows global connections to happen effortlessly.
"He doesn't speak much, but when he does, it is transcendent." RT : Bleh.
Look, I know you have your "swag on" but can you walk a little bit faster?
Answer dang question girl, lol
What happened?
don't be mad because my kitchens good an yours is a fucked up shrub
Unbelievable...but almost $90,000 this year alone!
Releasing a new video this week stay tuned!
i miss u more ;D
So that's where Jack Loeffler is! Give him a big hug from me.
In #33hours .... Bieber Fever Will Strike iTunes And The World Will Go Bonkers !
STUDY buuuuuuuuuuuumZ,SWAG
I had the weirdest dream ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
That news has made me so HAPPY!!!!!!!
OMG just let Justin come out already.! -,-
me either. But I also don't have a voice so I may not have too..
I think I laughed for 24 hours straight.
:) had a good day so far
Typically biggest energy consumer in city is water RT : By reducing household water use, we can reduce the energy
let's hope so !! Bahahahahaha
Alright... Sending good vibes to student scholars everywhere. Finish strong and #FIGHTON!
#CCSS Math Practices & Cap of Lit Individual stress creativity, independence, problem-solving.
Damn you churros for your tasty goodness. Run, run, run
Man dies in fall from roller coaster at Tokyo park
When will Blackboard Eats come to DC?
#CanIBeHonestWithYou The music industry is big/hard to get into/make it in, but My God is bigger! Excited to watch him work it out.
We are so excited too Shan! Bitter sweet being away for the holidays! Hope there is a Mexican Santa Claus;)
Mimosas and highlights at Salon Blush!
How much you wanna bet you leave a watermelon seed behind and that's how they catch you? hahaha
like josh and I.
Love your videos! Thank you for inspiring me. :)
best kids-book-related post title EVAR.
My NBA Finals prediction: vs. , with the Spurs denying Lebron his second chance at a ring.
Can i ask you a question ?
I'm a mess, that's the best way to describe it.
Cricket #3 has found its way into my bedroom. I guess I'll just have to come to peace with it.
Quinten is making an awesome walking stick for some lucky father out there -- inlaid with coins and a special verse just for "him" -- nice!
I wish he was saying that to me. Or just saying that he loved me:/ never gonna happen. Just a follow would be amazing!:(
Big East is a weak football conference and weaker with the departure of WVU.
Finally done with math . yahhyahh :)
John Lovitz is dope
For all of you Mega Millions players. The numbers are in they are: 2-4-23-38-46 Mega Ball is 23 $640 million bucks<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
WOW! How's that for the #NNECruise! Join us in thanking all the sponsors including & and
Tomorrow is my birthday -- trying to figure out when I am old enough to start lying about my age.
I can relate to that... masters degree... minimal work... lots of debt!!!
can u make me a background?
I'll laugh at you all night!
Get in and fill out your bracket! Due tonight and you could win a 32" tv!
You can get everything in life you want if you help enough other people get what they want. Zig Ziglar
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093> miss you too twin!!!
Cardiff just clicked too ! As you say, BOOM lol
Welcome to the twitterverse!
Sugar River wins the boys team and Lake Mills wins the girls team titles at the Deerfield Classic.
Lol I like'em too (sometimes)
Your voice.
Tony Montana - Future
Big S/O Strong Latina with beauty taboot
Just found out day A and B is outside! Yes! Buying my ticket now.
Tami, you took her purse!! All of this bullshit would have been avoided if you would have left the shit alone!!
Eugene White from : Need to build a culture where kids WANT to complete their education
like I said she think I'm not good enough for her
thanks Levi! Great compliment!
Ok we back on!
The notebook! #ah<3
Your kisses on my cause a tsunami I tremble when I touch you more than an earthquake <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> tii the aria by all!
HA - they beat me to the punch...again. They're fast!
You made your account private? Did you finally realize your child abuse doctrine was stupid?
I left u a voicemail. Thx for the love
when you brag about your self so much I can't help but get in attack modeand jump over the table
I USE TEW THINK LOOKS WAS EVERYTHING ..BUT NA MY HAPPINESS IS MRE IMPORTANT
Why not both? =) Are you going in 2014?
We need more people.! I only do this cause i'm bored.
whenever for both
"The Joy of the Lord is my Strength" and I can feel that Joy today!
oh, it's animated but is it a film?
Good morning Twitter, how was everyone's #weekend?
completed a fun movie shoot over the weekend, has another shoot next week, and just received an audition for this week; chugging along with
Team # EarlyBird....... Gets the Worm
RT Q4: DO YOU HAVE A MENTOR? HOW DID YOU FIND ONE?
6 more weeks of winter
My pleasure!
can at least 12 of my 4000 followers please follow ? :p
I already Follow you girl! (:
Celtics/Lakers game. Hope the Celtics can get it together and take this game!
Short has started for !!! Excited for this panel! Yes, I might live tweet this panel.
Chill to the max!
hi sweetie!!
thank you so much! :) we appreciate you listening :)
Heading to REI to get hiking boots and a GoPro accessory! We are taking the Doods on another hike tomorrow...so you know what that means...
for sure. xD
It's not in my lesson plan, but then the questions come up--"did Shax love a girl dressed as a boy? Doesn't that explain +
Tomorrow I start my real job!!! What is this grown up life??
you'll get it when you're nice.
Best reads of the week
work hard, luv! <U+2606>
Busy day here at the shop! Working on a slab of meat and some ballistics!
jealous because I miss you :(
im upset cause i didnt get to see u guys at D23 i missed it :/
hopefully soon! We'll make sure to send you the new album when we're done :) thanks for spreading the word!!
he tricked me last week with that Texas talk! i thought for sure he would be here soon.
sometimes facebook creeping is essential research.
you damn right, real #cavs fan thru and thru. Btw that's the #cavs team that is no longer the worst in the league
get at me gurl....asap
Yeah and we didn't think there would be a opener. This show was org on a Fri and got rescheduled. I'm too old for Wed nights!
Any predictions for the Steelers - Jets game???
boyfriend or bestfriend?
If you type or say "Le" instead of "the" you should "Le" your head under a running lawn mower.
There's a big difference between me telling you to hold my hand and you grabbing my hand on your own...
sometimes i wonder how you made it to highscool ...
super stoked! What vinyl should I bring you on SILYMI?
Count your blessings cause I'm counting every lie
Headed to the airport, trying the new Seattle Light Rail for the first time
You Still Wearin Fake Gucci
What are the 5 most important traits for an entrepreneur to have to succeed in today's economy?
At a 'Can Actors Ever Have Real Jobs?' panel. Panelists agree: No. Just host panel meetings for free. And cry.
Cool outfit. im 14 mexican and im going to get the worldheavy wight champiship
#SomberSongs Star Strangled Splatter
RT says Grimes violates a clean campaign pledge, it's whining, but when Repubs complain it's ok?
I prepare myself for the worst but pray for the best.
I'm a terrible influence to 2500 people.
Spending some quality bonding with my family at Universal!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
: Lots of excitement in store for Gail Boyd Artist Management!
barely. But we love you too!
played tennis today and got hit right on the nose that shit hurt
What professional sporting events do you watch?
You got it ;). And we will stay in touch on Project: Go Watch Avengers
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 7
I was born with the bullshit!
I work w/ Boudoir night club on 7th & C. SD's newest & hottest club. When u coming through to check it out?
Nothing like a couple of snake bites to start your morning! ;)
Bon voyage! Have a great time and be safe!
Extremely proud of my brother - I think the world of you!
GOD FORGIVES I DONT
Cute song ! Looking good in the purple. :) That's my sis-in-law's name. She hates this song, but I love it!
Have a great day today! Don't forget to sing! It's good for you!
My Mom Is Making Me Go To The Gym ^.^
One other thing to consider: exports of crude & natural gas. We're the largest producer of nat gas again.
Working on FREE workshops now. Will upload soon to website www.intothelightwalk.com
Now at 101followers
Park east. Items to carry include, but are not limited to: -'stabby' implement -rape whistle -materials for removing fingerprints
shit... It will b a good match up... As long as go down.. I'm good.. Go HEAT!!
Welcome to the best team in football #Steelernation can't wait to see what you can do to help take our team back to the SB!
I have decided I am going to train for the flying pig half marathon, I haven't decided whether it will be the 2012 or 2013 flying pig
defense played their asses off, a few big mistakes, AND outcoached again
For Dr. Iyengar - Is there such a thing called choice fatigue?
I can help you in the areas of Real Estate, Banking, Incorporations, Legal Documents and Asset Protection. #TrapStar Investment Consultants.
me:Fuck Why Is FB Not letting me log in? Bro:Oh Cuz MarkZuckerberg is catholic&he gave up FB for lent Me:</3.wait i forgotwhats my password
": #ThingsThatGuysLike when you scratch their back without them having to tell you."
": Only 70 days until KC's biggest event of 2012: the MLB More than $60 mil coming to our economy."
Dear friends, My concert tonight is canceled due to a hand injury. The new date is April 16th, 2010 at 8PM. I hope that you can make it! T
I'll try...it looked so long!
Why dear sweet baby Jesus, is Hanson covering Billy Ray Cyrus on DWTS? WHY?
I want to go back to Cleveland.
Indeed miss :)
Actually, I'd rather believe that you moved on and that you're still rocking. I enjoyed your Cousin Kevin stuff, and Bully.
I agree! “: She is one hard-working, dedicated advocate! MT : Kari Lantos is NOT lazy! #nafsaAD ”
Thanks for the RT Carol! Appreciate it.
D'AW
Kinda funny that there are talks about citizen scientists & linked data taking place at the same time as ours.. #aam2012 :-/
but he's mad at you.
So now the Clippers and the Lakers series are tied up? ...LOL !!!!
U.S. Stocks closed higher Wednesday, helped by an upbeat start to earnings season, following a string of declines.
Netfix has no good movies
I hate wen i try to find something && dnt find it I find Everything else but what I was looking for o-0
very nice!!! everytime i see chopsticks i always think of that one time, and you guys calling me wall E lol
So awesome to meet you tonight, ! And you too, ... again. :)
Where everybody at????
It's been out for a while, but have you read "The ClueTrain Manifesto"? … bit.ly/j7FRjy … you can for free, see my review!
THE FAN VIDEO IS CANCELED !!!!
What's up?
I only remembered I'd purchased the stream about ten minutes ago. Lot of choppiness on my end so far.
RT : Jake Sullivan: The administration is focusing on changes in the Arab world #Egypt and #Tunisia. Economic mobilization is central
#harlem Scarf #dancing happening in just 10 minutes.
Ah Katelynn, it'll be fantastic. Check our blog posts on Erika, doing study abroad in London. Great tips for you :)
“: beautiful day off by the beach in Southern California. Been missing this.” OMG I LOVE HIMM
haha thank you so much now I feel like an idiot
heck yeah lol
Saw today \m/
143143143 i love you! your dp is so cute! your bio is amazing and your tweets are awesome(:
I just learned how to backside smith grind but i keep on failling i just landed it 2 times but it still count :D
Ughh this weekend is gunna suck, if I can't go out all!!-___-
they put the color of their skin aside...they put their political affiliation aside to fight for equality..
I wake up listening to -Put Your Hearts Up... I wonder how many plays went by.
Showing a solo to a costume designer AND rehearsing a new video project tonight.
Just got accepted to Wayne State University!!!!!! Stoked :D
Paul George just played one of the worst halves of basketball I've ever seen
Loved the show. Can't tell you how often I (try to) sing along to Blackbirds in my car. You do it ever so much better.
They're the only team I can win online with right now. I'm not an EPL buff. I have no dog in this fight.
Reentry Anonymous (R.A.) online chat meetings to start 3/20/11 every Sun. and Thur. at 9 p.m.: Ex-offender Education. Information. Support.
I'm starting a campaign to introduce LLOL (literally laughing out loud) into common text/FB conversation. Fake LOLs are enablers.
not to crazy about the MFer...lol..but yea #GAMEON..i know we have six months but you have 2 stay in touch i will b DMing you later
Jerry Sandusky's favorite rap lyric: "F*ck the state penn, f*ck hoes in Penn State"
#sass RT : Rice shmice. Order your sushi wrapped in cucumber sans rice to save 240 calories
yeah lol were are you from ?
There's a bunch of people judging me from something 7 years ago. They think Im a bad guy or something. Its hilarious
Movies tonight with , seth & karlie for The Hunger Games then off to the airport <3
“: Joey Barton walks into a bar: "It fucking walked into me first, ref!"” Ha ha!!!
RT : Christians who watch that CGI Easter Bunny film are never allowed to complain about Atheists disrespecting the faith.
I almost merged my page and profile. Glad I didn't...
A real woman wouldnt cheat
my phone is going bezerk... ;)
another day Po <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
right? that growl was pure concentrated virility
I hate that. Everything has a limit, both wifi & cellular. I watch Netflix a lot & glad I have a grandfathered unlimited plan
Thanks for sharing my tweet:)) Happy wkd!
Duck Dynasty was on Wendy Williams Show
what you doing today homie!
Oh no!!!! We are going back to winter!!!! We, Valliant Printing, have been busy at the shop and we are sweating!!!
it's amazing, should have never moved
had Tater Tot casserole for dinner last night. It will be hard to top that meal.
Watching blowout baseball can be a real grind without a sausage race to look forward to.
you like that speech today? Invogorating.. In case you missed it, watch BO's previous 4 speeches. Carbon copy.
same here dude.....64 and sunny
good question haha. oh god, you need to hear us... I need sleep hahaha
sorry, passed out right after tweet-bitching lol
The Ward 6 middle school challenge will be tougher than #HStNE. Joe Englert isn't buying any middle schools.
Vegas, NYE. Make it happen.
Tile can also contribute to a building's energy efficiency through radiant heat underlayment systems designed for use with tile.
LORD , I NEED YOUR WISDOM
TOMORROW NIGHT PEOPLES!! ACOUSTIC SHOW AT E-STRING!! BE THERE TO SUPPORT THE TALENTED LOCAL ARTISTS!!!! :)
For every person that follow me ill tell a secret about me.
Storms. #chickenshit ... le sigh.
Question for everyone... Do you allow your parents to see your full facebook profile?
Today is the last day to buy the Happy Hour Special at Lucky's Bar and Grille. 50% Off food and beverages. Only through www.dealoria.com
Historical society of NM ...ready to present.
Well x-mas is right around the corner ;-) RT : The kids are vacuuming. Something's up. What do you want, children???
there is something MAJORLY wrong with those children
Hello to Mexico City. You made mine! Ja ja ja
“We are healed of a suffering only by experiencing it in the full.” (Marcel Proust)
good idea!!! Then I'll be rich and can own u>
he gets my money each time he comes to town now. still soaking in. head asplode.
Perhaps I could meet you when you're in MKE? Recent Knoxville transplant.
Enjoying this beautiful Sunday watching the NFL playoff games looks like ATL is going home.
I remember when I was in high school and hung out at the mall.
oh, it's cool. Ive been there
COME JOIN US AS WE'RE FALLING INTO FALL w/ VAN GOGH...& will be playing..(6pm-10pm)
Just finished exam...in a way it was kinda hard
Now if the person you are DMing with deletes them they delete for you as well
well merry christmas. I always leave something. Give it to froddo for me.
why? no ones doing acid its a weed day LOL
#IntervalMonday night in #Pittsburgh at #Live #Jazz w/ The Interval Trio & friends. 1st set @ 9 PM, 126 S. Highland Ave
"Only great passions can elevate the soul to great things." -Denis Diderot. THURSDAY! THAT MEANS THAT TOMORROW IS FRIDAY! Lets make it great
YES! i would love to! that would be awesome! but is it okay if i send you my stuff from my other account?
Who's your favorite boy from One Direction?
Hey , how come I keep having to log in for Netflix? With Xbox I did it ONCE. Never again.
hehe. Seriously, it is pretty good. Just too much everything last night. You???
The #orioles really have Mark Reynolds listed for the All Star game at 3B
Anything 2 get u girls outta the house! MT :) RT : I wanna be pampered. Manicure, pedicure, nice dinner, & flowers
hahaha what can I say they are annoying;)
outer space for kids
And all I had to do was put two and two together But that just makes four, but not forever, damn
you inspire me in a strange way. And for that I thank you! Good luck this summer! I'd ride ur boat!
Spent my last night with my boy
Finally at home and it's so good to have my boyfriend here with me :)
Tell your Mom i said Happy Mothers Day!
Sisterly time at the movies about to watch Good Deeds.
Great.. Send me link of your new band... I cant wait when you work for ME..:P
I have inside reports that Heath Bell hates Marlins Park and complains about everything, everyday.
It's #GenderBenders week at ! Check it out tonight at ! Rate the performers too!
Thanks everyone
I guess we could move closer to the front, but it still wouldn't help me. :)
I love when people have their read receipts on, but I don't have mine on cuz I always forget to respond and I don't want them hating me
this is such a cool idea. Going to sign up right away. Thanks for sharing.
check your gmail bro
It was strange; I tried a different browser and it started working fine...Very glad it's back!
What was your favorite part of having the tea partiers in DC this weekend?
YAY! I was just thinking about you & wondering how your first week went. Congrats on your first full/consecutive weekend off!!
drinking some water. My life in motherfucking exciting.
as someone who DOES want to learn to code, a post like that makes me feel awfully unwelcome :(
SHOUTOUT TO BEAUTIFUL ;) ..FOLLOW HERE SHE'S NICE <3
Happy Birthday to :)
yep. Ahha. But i want food. A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
maybe bick your head and keep the mutton chops?
Finally did my hair
Almost done with my first short film (as writer/director)! Waiting on one original tune...
hello. will you follow me???
that t- bone douche is exactly why Tennesseeans get stereotyped. hopefully he'll try to swim the Mississippi river longways
hahahah del taco??
We need to make that happen then! RT : yes, the margarita, lol
Attention Nana's fans in #Florida!! Our big 3.5oz cookies are on sale 2 for $3 at all Whole Foods stores =)
Thanks! We're better than EVER now!
D&B's just turned the lights down. #SexyTime up in this bitch
Hey, Mark! Great win over the Spurs yesterday. Wanted to say THANK YOU for saving the St Patty's Parade. Great turn-out too!
Enrique may not have been a brilliant literary feat, but its social value and import was huge.
I'm thinking Curry for Monday's Single Chef show...Stay tuned I'll let ya know:) All Single Chef shows r FREE on www.iTunes.com - Podcasts
Let him know sent you ! And i'll give you a shout ou t
Will find my way on to Facebook one day.Used up my last nerve joining Twitter.
We do have Burpee.
you should do a keeks of you and singing the alphabet backwards!
I think you bring up an excellent point, southern.
The purpose of life is a life of purpose
": Efficiency tends to deal with Things. Effectiveness tends to deal with People. We manage things, we lead people.
#ThingsINeverUnderstood....why TF hurricane Chris got a twitter
thanks for the follow!!! Love your photos
Tickets are $50 Webster Hall livest party hot 97 hosted
I need photographic documentation!
If you're in #Atlanta and are looking for some awesome #music & good eats, check out #FridayNightLive tonight!
Ima work you like a pro baby Ahh, & you gnna take it like one Yeah, you gnna take it like one ..
Heat vs Pacers
Thanks for the follow & a great call. The Vahperd Gala this fall is going to be a fantastic event
I didnt forget about you, in fact i think about you everyday. im just so damn busy. via
what happened to the beat page
Toyo Announces Who Won the Durango In Its Ultimate Ride Sweepstakes - About - News &amp; Issues
Us too! RT : Looking forward to tonight!
B_RandisRaaad Are you okay??
I saw it and I love it! Come back to Chicago! Remember when you guys came with BA & sang in my head with goodluck Jane? me too
Growing up I wanted to "set the world on fire". Then I found out arson is illegal.
That's totally entrapment!
Our bartender spent all evening Tuesday perfecting his martini. Come on in and give it a taste test. 1120 N. High St.
"Tired of eatting this roman so im raising the omen "
Hanging out with at Samurai Blue!
trolley night?
Love the new Santigold. Love it!
The two most important days in your life are: the day you were born, and the day when you find out why.
#GODCAN RT : No matter how many dark days you see, just know that the light will be at the end.
keep it up lil buddy. I know it'll happen for you.
Still can't believe Junior Seau is dead
"I sensed an infinite #scream passing through nature," Munch printed on the original frame of his painting.
Rough day at work. Throwin back a big steak at Harry and Izzy's
oh thank youu!
u don't need no damn number
That's fantastic! Congratulations!
Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing
...as I realize I still don't have 'We Insist.' What...?!
Talented DC musicians beware: I may kidnap you for my uber-band ("crowd sourcing"). Listening to now (on his blog). Do it.
With or without u im gonna prosper
I reserved my ticket! :)
Dang! Now you tell me! ;-)
"Small Bump" music video.... Oh my gosh #goosebumps x
There is one bird outside that has no clue its f'ing three in the morning and it should shut its bird mouth so i can sleep
Indeed. We were coming down 13th at the top of the hill and and I saw it clearly. Parachute w/person or object.
“: RT : RT : I don't blame Bachmann for not believing in evolution. It's really let her down.
Its in Ashland! But I hope you can still make it!!
EAT MORE BRASIL NUTS!!!!
Who is Carl? Do I need to pay Carl a visit? ;)
sticking stickers on top of others stickers on cd roms....#TheThingsIDo at work -___-
I know right, I guess they are good for some things!
that akward moment when u have a temper tantrum in the store over nutella and u realize everyone is looking at you
MRNG PEOPLE, SHOUT OUT 2 ALL VETERANS. THNX 4 OUR FREEDOM, LONG LIVE THE RED, WHITE & BLUE. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!!
Aw thx for the RT's today.
Luck favors the prepared.
Good to hear, make sure you sign up on the blog!
Does your customer feedback software do this? On-going feedback 24/7, Full Data Analytics, Actionable Data & Trend Analysis? Try
okay, you two would so dig each other. once i get off my writing binge we need to grab dinner..:)
I think i have gained myself a little crush deep inside.<3
Send me what you were gonna.
Having you on my mind isn't completely dreadful... Not knowing where we stand is
AWESOME photo, Jason!
Mayweather needs to stay the hell off the ropes!
Thanks to for the awesome NASA presentation today! Gene Kranz's (Apollo13) Kolbe MO- 8445 #pgs2010 check out Kolbe.com
Live show in Best Buy by Sawgrass about to happen right now! Come on down and get 10% off music accessories!
my dads annoying
Ur biggest mistake could be giving someone else the chance to make them smile..
#ShockingNerlensAnnouncement He was in fact the first Noel.
remind me to never go back....or never pay for the flight and hotel and only bring cash
Actually, 6. : That's five secret items now, right?
Dear , thank you for that amazing review of The Vow. Srsly, on my knees. We, the humble masses, are not worthy. Hilarious.
waffle house this MORNING :P
It describes half the girls in my grade, basically.
AWE NO
Good morning and welcome to the rest of your life. make it count.
So much to do So little time And y'all wonder why I sleep for a good minute whenever I can.
Who's a nerdy Dragon???
Kinda wish my stop wasn't the one right after she started. I was digging the Alicia Keys
Saw the Favre sign too and couldn't help but laugh at it. The only funny thing coming out of Madison today!
Lmao, I just died laughing at the library!
thank you
I could not agree more. Gets my 6 year old son every time.
KFOG just played Rusted Root
tell me lies, make em sound good
I cant wait to go in july!
Ready for the next journey #MovingForward - XavierLT.com
Ryan has inspired all of KSR Nation to get in shape. Must cut back on tv & Orangeleaf.
I know! I was freakin out!
all I know is gets it sent out here and if I close my eyes it's like being in
haha i love you so much haha
“: 16 year old female overdose at Melville? People need to get their shit straight” :O sad
Meh, it's just stupid store maintenance. MBP will be 2 year old next month. 3 years is about the life of this thing.
Oh... Happiness :)
OMG, I LOVE the Hunger Games. Gale and Peeta are equally drool worthy as Jacob & Edward. Movie comes out in March - can't wait! :)
I love people who text back instantly.
youre awesome. Let us know what you think :]
Maybe if u trend something like #We'reSorryNathan he'll probably unblock.. But you're a nice person
Don't support the enemy Dan! *shakes fist angrily*
you'll see
when people ask if my god son is my baby i just stare .. he's three months old, do i look like i just pushed out a baby three months ago?
Social Media and all the new technology can be overwhelming, just start somewhere and build on your efforts.
Bout to get on oovoo for a lil bit
another day of waking up, & walking out the door in what i slept in.
At 44%, the City of Atlanta boasts one of the nation's lowest graduation rates, landing it in the same pool of Cities in Crisis.
#YouWereCuteUntil you opened your mouth.
follow back?
had a fantastic time for #riversounds!
i really want you to follow me, but I would give that up if you would just please follow that little girl please
is the man!
lakes up over 20 last I checked late 4th
They've gone from moderate hammering to a jackhammer on the construction below our office.
thank you :)
Please, please, please send out with a bang tonight. She is incredible and will be missed.
Thanks. Except based on certain baseball performances, I might be up for a repeat performance tomorrow night.
Haha :) Love you son!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT!!!
We Good how's hot ass lil Chris and Kristina Bobbi?
Does anybody listen to Erik Spoelstra? Players, fellow coaches? Family?
Bandwagon fans dont live in BOS “: RT : Pioneer Square is making me so angry right now #ihatetheredsox #gobacktoboston"
Lost Dog Rocky - $150 Reward Rocky the Miniature Schnauzer is lost in Cheyenne, WY.
Having trouble falling asleep after that big Bulls win. Think I might have come down w/ a serious case of
Don't forget to submit your application to present at our inaugural event on January 10, 2012.
"He can change your soul"
aha thank u! :)
Books arrive! Let the stuffing of the envelopes begin! (It's an all-hands-on-deck enterprise here.)
ROLL TIDE!
A few weak contestants tonight but love #sharktank. showed another side of himself. Very cool.
they were a winner! Looking forward to going back when the sun is out so we can sit outside :)
tickets on sale at noon. Now waiting in queue. Good for them! Bad for me!
5 yrs would've killed me.
wishes her expanding container garden wasn't having to battle the wind.
never thought I would be talking to ma dukes... but here I am, chilling and sipping coffee.
THE COMPANY THAT I WORK FOR IS LOOKING FOR SALES REPRESENTATIVE NATIONWIDE, YOUR HOURS. GREAT INCOME. DP DENTAL SUPPLY. 321 441 9041
The conversations must continue to address this issue at its causation instead of victim blaming.
my Movie my guy on what channel
You have no obligations anywhere in this world, everything you choose to do you should love because you chose it from all other alternatives
"Music lifts you. Get your music in..." ~
": Glenn: Brown intercepted by Sean Sylvia" I would cut #82 after that, he gave up on the ball after it was tipped. No effort.
Another perfect patio night at Firefly! Come people watch and eat cupcakes overlooking historic Main Street!
that I am donkey, that I am. Thank you
you have 24 hours to experience getting completely wasted on one beer.
Awesome wedding, congratulations brad & katie!
very true sir. Mule and some chicken.
Reed tell me theres fotage somewhere in the archives?
oh yeah
lol. I haven't been working the past couple of days
I love the game. Just not sure I'd want my kid playing. Not an easy question to answer.
Welcome Richard Carlbom-MN United's campaign manager...one of the smartest in MN politics today. tinyurl.com/RichardCarlbomMNUnited
Lunch time. (nite-nite here I go)
we're just the tip!
sigh. 786 miles away...
Lord & Taylor is mophing to Kohl's with incessant sale days so that I always feel I just missed something or should wait until tomorrow.
I'm rockij with you
Everyone make sure and tell everyone to follow us!! #FF RT
Thanks Zach...come up and say "hey" sometime!
hello my #Austin friends--merry pirates, etc. I'm getting ready to take my work-anywhere strategies on the road--to #CHINA! woohoo...
any chance Christian Ponder goes 12th overall last year :)?
"By words the mind is winged." —Aristophanes
ok, still young, but great you started while they were still into it.
I hate driving in the dark, alone. Creeps me out.
Do I gotta change me before he could be who he used to be??¿¿
Indiana is great.
All new followers over the next 6 hours into a drawing. Whoever wins AND whoever referred them gets a copy of "Illegal Procedure"!
Today is National Pizza Day so dive in & eat your fair share pizza lovers! We're ready to take your order! 305.883.1177
Looking forward to 7pm. Fun filled weekend ahead. DeMolay tonight, Gator game tomorrow with friends. Woot!
Welcome to Twitter.
were can i get me since helium???
Thanksgiving break=one happy math specialist!
thanks so much!
Hey! How's your day going? Happy #WW and thank you for the RT =)
im sorry beadle follow
Me 2 RT : I'm NOT red, i'm Brown. Hmp!
RT: Rogue sub chaos. // PLUS Scott Speedman? Yes, please. :)
true, but that doesn't discount 's point; colonial racism grew stronger when race became impt as+
Hello world
Thanks everyone who made time to come to my recital tonight! It was much appreciated!
I deserve the #BestFriendOfALifetimeAward <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086>
Episode on now! MT at So much fun. She's truly awesome. I came, I danced, I reped Nwk & Ellen rubbed my bald head
I need to stop biting my nails… They hurt.
When you lack direction the only place left to look is your past. When you have direction and take action you have little time for your past
awesooommee!! Its al because of your excellent guitar work;)
That'a absurd and you know it!
Now if you ask me to share my ben and jerrys ice cream, be prepared for me to scream in your face! :)
RT : Bosh: "This season has to be extended for me to play again."
Sorry... I just get so hungry sometimes.
Let's Go Pacers!
Shooting tomorrow. Stay tuned!
Happy New Year! Here are the top 10 #concerts of 2010 - www.theconcertstage.com/blog/index.html
thanks for the note. Sounds gr8. Couldn't direct message you back. How should we link up in Phoenix?
I called you ma'am...I don't feel the love
you = understand ? nerd : normal;
We passively take in messages from the world around us, even if we’re not overtly conscious of those messages.
Grind time. Only five weeks until I leave this place. Can't wait!
Tina Tree Bill brah
I will be on KEYE tomorrow promoting my coat collection! Make sure to tune in. I will be on between 4 and 5 pm!
Yay the internets have returned to my house!
omg. omg. 'kidrauhl makes us wet'... is trending.. lmfao. i'd love to see justin biebers face when he sees that.
Fav show on My Wife and kid wen JR wanted to B a rapper >>>>>>>>>>>>>
I wonder how he feels knowing he's like the hottest guy in the school... #MarryMe #
So many talented people! All I can do is cross stitch... that doesn't really work for doll props/clothes!
I feel you on that.
EVERYTIME I MENTION BLACK PANTHER OR SOME REAL SHIT UM OFF THE NEXT DAY!!!! WTF??? COSPIRACY??? HM??? MJ, PAC, EAZY, BIGGIE, PIMP C, ETC..
LMAO! Cuz you know there's so many shades of green
Yo mama so nerdy, she thought breastfeed was an RSS!
shit, don't scare me mf!
#SmileAustin #CheerUpAustin MAHOMIES LOVE YOU!!! <3 we hate seeing you sad D':
we are walking to Humboldt park now! Otherwise Friday...
": If it looks like she has a nice big ass on instagram chances are she's fat in person"
If books are relegated to "off campus" sites or "print on demand" they also require the space (& costs) of the digital equipment to access.
Thanks for the shout out! :)
I don't know if i should go further than just kissing on my imagines. Should I?
well I'm depressed af now
Email if you want to join the Fashion show committee!
ISLAND PRACTICE the only full time dr in nantucket- which treats the rich, illegal immigrants, 7th generations Nantucketians.
had Packers v Tampa yesterday and now onto Chiefs at Patriots. Just hopping from one cold stadium to another.
I love this. I love anything from the sports world
Are you planning any sort of #home #renovation this year? If so, what projects?
yo where u watching the game at
Not cool, #MySpace! What makes you think it's OK to follow with Nickelback?!!?
I would agree. RT : is it safe to say that most learning via SM happens in a context that we CANT measure?
yayy clean house!!! I want a bottle of wine tonight lol do you have to wake up early?
it was How old was Mr. Galini when he died on iPie? :P pretty easy but good! :)
ESPN baseball analyst Steve Phillips acknowledges having an affair with an assistant and has taken a leave of absence during the playoffs.
im good about to be at work
I'm totally joking we need to be planning this road trip so we can have SUPER DUPER FUN before u go to Water Polo
I agree w criticisms of LIS ed & improvements are def needed but often sounds like students are just resting on their laurels
i knew somethin was goin on with u and gio but its ok i also have a sancha
Gawd dammit. It's more difficult to find an affordable pair of men's leopard print loafers than I thought!
Awesome, you'll have to teach that trick.
Just finished watching Marry The Night! OMG it was AMAZING!!!! I LOVED IT!!! :D
STAAR tomorrow, goodnight <U+270C>
I'm glad great "thigs" are happening. :) Hard work pays off.
#IfWeWereTogetherRightnow , I promissee Ill Make You Love me Foreveer Real talk <U+2665> ( P R O D ]
USB. No serial hookups. Our computer doesn't eat breakfast.
Thanks so much for coming yesterday! I hope you are inspired to create new stuff while cozy in hoodies.
CHRISTA I CAN'T. I JUST CAN'T. UGGHHH.
and just as important for writers to learn visual/graphic design, cross-platforms. Even if not a primary task - good knowledge.
Jésus Montero caught 1 hitter vs Twins. Young catcher is broke in, but Kevin Millwood is broken.
I studied #Chekhov 9 mnths with Eugene be4 he went to USC. Amazing, inspired experience 4 me - he blew it wide open 4 me.
I made a whole pot of coffee! With milk even :-)
Thank you!!xox
You're gorgeous (:
And Hamilton homers again! 2-0
I go for sleep, but I'm old.
lmao. What happens on those days?
Cool.... that you came on twitter :P ahaha
It was short for me! I was late because of and the Detroit show, so tired, lol! But worth every bit...
#whatmakesyoubeautiful your personality :)
Now THAT sounds like a winning idea....see you then!
Bills sign Mark Anderson. 4year deal
It brought him back to being human for me. She was his Horatio.
and they are amazing! Try the Unicorn dog.You won't be disappointed.
That I've heard, but it's a bit north of the region being discussed.
The Christmas tree and decor are officially up!! Let the month of festivities begin!!
It's fantastic so far and feels much different from your other novels, in a good way!
" I have a theory if you shop at every Nemian Marcus good things will happen to you. " I subscribe to that theory. xoxo
My Dream is to meet my favorite wwe Superstar
tryn to take over the world
Thanks for the trivia ; Roses are the most requested flower tattoo.
Thanks and No i refuse what if his friends make fun of me
That's as much as my kids will tolerate. Time to go be a Mama. Thanks to all & have a great night!
Your welcome <U+2661>
Dr. Seuss has left the building ;) Later, Trish!
It's a dog eat dog world, and hey I'm a b*tch
sounds desperate to me, to keep offering your opponent a position in your administration.
“: RETWEET THIS!: The party doesn't stop with Cebu Pacific's Kalibo-Hong Kong direct flights starting Mar 23!”
DAMN...you cannot kill Mike Myers, Halloween... that dude is made of what? Zombie?! lol
I hate accomplishing things before 10. I get so bored.
YEAH UR FINE BITCH BUT CAN U GIG?
It's All About You Magazine is now on twitter, follow us
show me love
Hello Chicago
Good crowd do far! Come on out to our all ages show
Thanks! And thanks for the help! I typo/misspelled Maine. No offense intended to that fine state!
Dick Stockon Just makes me think of #Celtics-#Lakers in the 80's.
I think that means you're officially a southerner now!
what do i do with these ancient computer speakers??!
Just got so excited for outdoor soccer freshly painted fields ah!
fix me some 2 chicken at that
Turning into more than a stop gap “: A.J. Ellis is finally going to be the guy who makes me care about an All-Star campaign.”
Joshua. Cowl necks are not cool. Stop.
the hells wrong with u loser.
Soups of the day: Chicken Pastina, Tortellini brodo, Beef Barley, Minestrone, Ravioli Florentine, Chicken & Pasta,M
i think we can sue them for lieing
Moring :) u going. To school
Glad ExLibris into LLD; lib partners in Open-URL community is needed to enable Web-scale info infrastructure
She did!
That looks pretty good - I don't know if you need the pectin, though.
Who says VA is not the place to come out to for a nice Day party w Secret society? Melody Tavern is the next lounge spot for all event.
RT : Facebook now has 901 million users and 85% of them have invited me to their improv show.
"the minute you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long" <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Can't wait to celebrate my bday with best friends,sister and my favorite girls in the entire world !!! Happy Birthday To Myself!!! ; )
Will do fam for sure. When you there next?RT : gotta come visit the store 7552 Melrose ave,Its Poppin!
Omw , to get some Taco Bell ( :
So glad you enjoyed it! We loved it, too :)
SHOWGIRLS is the most underrated movie of all time.
Nigga you see where it say #hptheaters ? That's my laptop nigga. Lol.
Where did you run this weekend? And who's prepping for ? Can you believe it's here?
Another one: tautology.
I love me some Zac Brown Band.
I'll be like I never got it. Dude she stalks my profile then comes over and asks who EVERY guy I talk to is. I'm like wow..
Working on finishing up D.Griff's music video "Chainsaw" shot, produced, edited & Directed by me Brian Alexander Scott. BAS RECORDS!
RT : Picking out A Format For Your On the net E-Ebook Publishing Online ...: Picking out A Format For Your On the net......
& K. Blackistone, PLEASE talk some sense into ur boy about the lockout. Cat's spitting foolishness.
I know he doesn't ! Even sometimes I doubt Cody's love , but then I realize that he does love me :) <3
Sippin D&D hazelnut.. I need to study for this Healthful Living Quiz b4 going to spend time with mommy for Mday!
201 followers on here...things are picking up!
I must have this!!!
Just gave my final class presentation. Missing the punctuality of CHI timekeepers. A fellow student is now 30 minutes over time.
damn exciting race in namur. fantastique!
What's your favorite shoe on history channel?
WTF JUST HAPPENED ?!
yep! I'm gonna be 16 this year!
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
Am the young white mamba of my town jajajjaajjaa that's thruth!!
Thanks SO much Yuri! You rock.
Hey everyone, we really need you to help get our name out there, more listeners won't be able to check us out without your word of mouth!
was fine till I saw the baby hippo
i'm so surprised my forehead doesn't hurt from last night hahaha
I've tried & tried.. Im done .
HeLLo RT : At an Easter Brunch with ...
Cant sleep.... Send help.
I just purchased from 39 glasses...hopefully it will turn out better than your experience...
they just cant catch a break with DLine. next up Worthy will pull a Ricky Williams and take a year off to travel, lol
15 million blood cells are destroyed in the human body every second.
It's more that I prevented Carrot Cake.
is finally, totally, completely delivered to Osiris Entertainment.
Heading out for a 5 mile walk. #NoExcuses - let's get fit!
i wonder if people see how pathetic you truly are.
Is that grey in your beard Nigel ?
you headed to the oumr convention bro. Let me know. Make sure ybget the VIP treAtment
I need to find new friends
This is national write a letter of appreciation week. Thank you for reading this tweak.
anything to spice up this warehouse with no windows......
up early but anyways good morning twitter
How was everyone's Thanksgiving?
Skating Rink is jumpin...yall bring ya azz...then after this we're going to the ALL WHITE AFTER PARTY AT METRO (229 E. HOUSTON ST)
Thank God for lettin me see another day rich with his grace and mercy.!
frank the tank! “: Actually have a nice little Saturday planned go to home depo play for a sweet 16 maybe bed bath and beyond”
-- saw that you are friends with my girls... do you ever need a photographer for any of your events? check out my website!
Polls have been closed for an hour and there are zero results on Rock County website
Finally!!! Now we can iMessage, instead of text... :)
Thanks so much!! We love
never tweets me back... :'(
My co-worker just called me a slut and a whore. Thank you Derrick :'(
Kitchen Gadgets aisle will have some knives, but a) they'll be crappy and b) that's closer than I want to get to a ninja.
But did the octopus predict the spread? I don't think so.
Just had a fab lunch with Next stop - karaoke!
Apple Store App has extra capabilities when within range of an Apple Store. Westfield App detects closest mall.
Wahooo! Go, Martha, go!
My Hawaiian wedding countdown concludes...I am now Mrs. Christopher Darnyl Lemon!
What is the rule on an overtime first possession safety?
Enjoy your time outdoors.
“The connections betw & amng women r the most feared, the most problematic & the most potentially transforming force on the planet.” A.Rich
Yeah!!!!! I just got fired from my day job so I'm going to do full time boxing and comedy now
I've heard of both. Our booking agent is Daniel from Gideon, you should hit him up. I know we've got some tours in the works.
or just tml....early night
aww well thanks so much Yesenia! That would definitely be amazing!
new background <3
TUSD adds new breaks to 2012-2013 school year - KVOA Tucson News TUSD adds new breaks to 2012-2013 school year KVOA Tucson News TUCSON -
Kick Off is just about here…Who are you picking and why?
You smell like back that ass up.
so happy being a vikings fan here in tn
They're refueling the plane while we wait for Chicago weather to clear so we can land there. And THEN, after clearing customs
I only know the poor guy as a faucet-fixer! What does he do for a living?
Just had a massage by Brad at Very reasonable 1 hour $39
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless...be kind to someone today...
Oy. Jean Valjean is being played by a woman. #nontraditionalcasting. Perhaps there wasn't a guy who had the singing chops.
Stephen Elliott: "I kind of imagine Vaclav Havel grabbing the Dear Leader's lapels on the way out, saying, I'm taking you with me."
I'M NOT GONE DO THIS ON TWITTER
are you guys playing in Cinci?
RT if you're excited for my new cover in a few minutes! Ed Sheeran!
We gon take it to the moon.. Take it to the stars!! <U+E335><U+E04C>
Honey!!!!! Ur gonna get my tea clocked!!!!! Delete!
yeah thank u
Weird things I type: "I wish they'd retcon this Jorah storyline to fucking."
I cant make you love me but i can make you happy <U+2665>
dickhead, how your hair line doing lean it rock wit it?
Last weekend in the 303! If you wanna chill, you know where to find me ;)
belated thank you my friend. Beautiful weather!
is excited about attending the Business Marketing Association Milwaukee Bell Awards event tonight!
i wont :) lmao
3 Days to First-Year Orientation - Randolph College welcomes new students for orientation on August 26.
You are so loved Sheridan !
I have a similar issue. Some couple in Indiana gave out my address as theirs. Now I get all their AARP info...
thank you! Looking forward to helping out!
watch out for the Skittles.
There is more people that want it then people that have it
That is the question
UPDATE: Actor Joe Coyle (Ocean's Eleven) and producer Minette Seate (WQED) will join the January 30th panel at Carnegie Mellon University.
My only friend just flew into my apartment. A solo fly.
for more on your comment, please see the conversation I was having with earlier ;)
They should just end the game
You hurt me because i gave you the power to do so, well now i take that power back. You can't hurt me anymore!!1
Musings: Faith and hope and love.
If Your Day Consist On Worrying About What Another Person Do.... Kill Yourself
the grind never stops
Multi-Platinum, Grammy Award winner Usher will perform with the New York cast of "Fuerza Bruta" at the Daryl Roth Theatre on April 28. (P
Thanks for the follow Gutshot!
RT : Shari Tucker National Director of Retail at the Sperry Van Ness has a few open appoints
nice pants.
And you deserve it..
EVERYBODYY GOO VOTE FOR MY BY PHILLIP <3
Broward Sheriff Al Lamberti set to make an announcement regarding his campaign: 10am today in front of the Broward County Governmental Ctr!!
Perfectly purplicious. Enjoy 25% off all purple products in the Bliss Boutique through the weekend while supplies last.
Sounds like a plan...we may host something beforehand. We'll keep you posted.
broke two lights today with a tennis ball and my hockey strick haha
This could very well be my last math class ever! :)
Music makes everything better:)
Late night convos that keep you from sleeping <<<<<
I don't want to be this girl anymore, and I would change that just for you. Even though I believe this should be the other way around...?
"adapt or die" is my new closing argument for anything and everything. Wins every time!
*superhero's names
Thanks, Meg! Happened to be driving past and pulled over for a photo & of course a cookie too!
I'm serious
In a good way i hope haha :]
No, Mr. Ignorant Rapper.. i don't care how many ladies you got with or where you grew up or how many lives you've taken..
AND NO JOYRIDE JOY, OKAY. OKAY.
Who's the boss? Oh you are! Own your own business is golden
submit your paintings at and maybe we can include you in the magazine. Two samples is good.
is so haawwwtttt, I love you! <3
I'm not touching that game. I see ur boy B twice is inactive today
sounds great. Thanks!!
pad thai fun tonight.
Hey- Was thinking of you. Are you doing Make Music this year? I think we missed the deadline at ...
Fabio KOIN Local 6 News see jeff Gianola page
Great business mentor I am lucky to have him around!!!!
I hate to admit that I love that too.
ha nahh my fault!
Oh boy , I'm starting this insanity workout thing soon and I probably wont make it to graduation
I just thought my room mates condom, was my ramen noodles powder packet. Damnit.
Your tweets are hurting my heart. If there's any way I can help tell me.
looks like Kickers will help add to the storied history of pirates1st rd exits. Ya sure I didn't earn a 1st rd bye?
Good Morning and What's Good Ppl!!
Wow... are they equal offers?
That moment when your mom is yelling for you to hurry up and come eat dinner & when you get there its not even ready.
after seeing new #kindle fire, I'm non-plussed. Likely will wait for adhere to my pragmatic geek wisdom and wait for v2.
by the way, LOVE the new pic ;)
batman makes me die inside every time I see a trailer nonspanish short not jacked enough bane
is the fucking best , i love this guy ;)
is that scarscam??
Man this ain't easy. Talent cannot truly be judged. I see all of these amazing people as equals. Whitney, you killed it tonight!
A mi tambien!!!<U+2665>
wearing Northrop polo and tells the class "never trust a guy wearing an orange collar" kid says "dude buy a whiteboard"
My biggest fear
Today: feature film audition, print audition, acting class, rehearsal for my improv show tomorrow !
get better soon!!!
My oldest sons name will be named Ashton... Haha anyone get it
or what lol.
This day is turning out to be the worst%$#@
It's better than 11:11 I think! But 11:11 will always have a special place in my heart
Almost #HH folks! Who's trying to catch the game? Hit your nearest #Bartab venue & DM your email I'll send you a drink!
Save us now, from the rich and the poor...
Everybody will help you. Some people are very kind.
I love dancing with a passion, honestly.
I like FORGOT.... Let me think on tat....
..The science behind my Lemonade & sweet tea blended is on a whole 'nother level you aren't ready for.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
I like my women like I like my dubstep, heavy, energetic, and something I hope I never have to tell my kids about.
Really enjoyed Wednesday Night Bible Study at my place of worship tonight. Now I'm ready to watch the Grizzly Bears in action on TV!
Great seeing replay with gasol yelling at Kobe as #Manimal dunks
they have a complete different viiew on a fade here! It basically just short sides and high top, so high top fade lmao
i keep hearin everyone say it is but i wanna see this shit
okay thnx haha he is very hard to talk to!
good job!
Studio today! Time to slap a da bass!
Aye last night at the Legion was strate as fck brah i was gone off that #PeachCiroc lol
Now that your back I'll post the naked Me pics
Happy mothers day to all you moms in Twitterland !!!! <3
You got on a pea coat
In the end, It aint gonna be anyones fault but your own. Its not like you havent got chance after chance.
PLAN: Cobble together a halfway decent playlist for "running" from my sorry-assed iTunes library.
I know he's a kicker and all but someone needs to give mason crosby some tips on tackling. ?
Wait.. I just aw knowledge TJ
good. You deserve it you idiot
"Hairy"! That's what we were told to say from the gecko. But we are still the
Maybe, but Tannehill is more likely to be thought of as a bust. How many years can you be a "project in development"?
Sometimes I want to punch autocorrect
I'll take a glass!
I agree with the Hulk or Iron Man!!
Don't expect roses when you treat me like shit.
I seriously don't know what I would do without and all the amazing songs. This road trip just got better. :-)
Watching #AmericasNextTopModel :B
Hello to all of our new followers! The momentum is building....Thanks for the supporter...
That amazing moment when you drop your phone but the headphones save it from hitting the ground
All the years spent at Princeton was worth it
In Rain Man/Planes, also trying to get to LA/Chicago...lovable moron with straight man who comes around in the end...hijinx ensue!
thanks. We were relying on some suspect information.
It's a good & bad feeling... Good b/c you've got a better piece, but bad b/c you have to redo so much.
My Chemical Romance.
today my birthday, can you wish me a Happy 19th Birthday!! :D, iloveU<3
i promise to me and you So why will we let this thing go Baby I promise that I'll stay true Don't let nobody say it ain't so
jamming that devin the dude - doobie ashtray...
draped up and dripped out over here
Good luck angels, 10 years is a long time.
Is officially taking over my TL because of the amazing performance, that i didnt see (but cant wait for yall 2 come back 2 chicago
Chlorine does strange things to my hair.
HAPPY 15th BDAY! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088> And hope you get lots of pressies! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
We sure hope all our fans in Katy, TX comes out to see us on Tuesday. It'll be a blast! Tour dates and more info at facebook.com/bellemanoir
can sum1 tweet me
challenge? I wouldn't even talk to you if it wasn't for twitter. Don't kid yourself . I love you hahaha
WE CAN HELP WITH YOUR ART DEPARTMENT WORKLOAD OVERFLOW
Really hope the weather don't get bad! <U+2614><U+2601><U+26A1>
thanks so much! Really looking forward to getting the cute outfits. Got customers eager as well.
Does Twitter count as a national platform? Hey , call me, tweet me, whatever works for you...haha, xoxo
Teach Kids About Prohibition.Politely Ask 2See <U+FFFD>Secret<U+FFFD> Wine Cellar21W52St 212.5827200
Just got to chapter 23.....all in one go my eyes are dying...will finish as soon as I wake up!! So good!!!!!!!
i did too i barely used it RT : I did. RT : Nobody had twitter in 09 the fuck
Random post-match attack by Kane but a fun tag match. Big show of confidence in Epico & Primo
hey jason :)
Taking a min from rehearsal to say wazzz up to my twitter Fam!
was it just you and Mia?
its not its number 176
We are running regularly until Dec 17th but will not officially close for the season-- get a group together for a winter ride!
Really? That sounds so tempting...
Cute little ditty by some hardcore State fans. But all you have to do is look at the sky to know whose side Jesus is really on ;-)....
Guess whose 's shipped today?
S/o to let us hook your hair up so you can be sexier being the funny man that u are
Pretty pumped about 's new cohort of incoming doctoral students...including a self-described metalhead!
Bouncing flute phrases off the the back of the hearth. Rustle of a small fire and whistle of damp wood. Early fall improvisation.
#nationscapitol. and don't be wearing cologne anyway.
Where is T-Rex at....my man's died tonight I heard....SMH...
Didn't YOU try it? Please do not mention any other body parts. Thankyou.
No, unfortunately. Hope it's going well!
thanks so much! Cheers!
Watching Etta James perform live is always a new experience for me. Every time. She was so wonderful. Something about her.
Wow, time does fly when you're having fun! Too bad i'm not having fun -___- lol
how true! LOL
bitch u stoopid
We are set! Just waiting for the go ahead to show off the very first shirts!
Yummy yummy yummy I've got love in my tummy!
hahaha I'm sure love the title of "Mr. McKay-Beadles"
If you're in a vehicle going the speed of light, what happens when you turn on the headlights?
Hi guys
You're welcome! Keep on Rockin!!
Heads up! Common toiletries like toothpaste and hairspray may contain acids and other ingredients that could damage your stone surface.
I'll switch you places, girl. Not having to buy groceries & manage finances would be great right now. Enjoy it while it lasts.
But...but..but... I want those things now!
when you go from being all happy to suddenly depressed -.-
": An #Aries can have a very difficult time making up their mind. #AriesScopes #Indecisive"
How it is, Jeffrey, is that you carry my water and I shine my glow on you.
Today I learned there are original Orozco murals at The New School. Why they are kept locked and inaccessible is perplexing.
I am 99% sure you don't like me. I am 100% sure I don’t give a f*ck
Busy busy busy
does Jaime tweet?
i would have signed up for that if it wasnt a spam.
nice rack.
its prom dont be cheap“: I really want a mani/pedi instead of doing it myself but I'm too cheap wahhh why must I be so cheap”
On a show like BL or other controlled filming environment, yes! Otherwise, NO lol! U?! RT Hey mamita!!! Would u JUMP?!?
"White people problems" can be obnoxious, but the label has ruined some internal struggling in storytelling. See: Marriage Plot.
very cool! Can I pass on to the editors ?
me and killed that show last night all day baby
Did she forget part of National a Anthem?
as always Thx u. For the love
The closer its gettin to my mixtape droppin the less sleep im gettin
Get your Happenings here at the library before they're all gone!
finally got my meat twerked this weekend !
Buying a Mac from the Apple store is like buying a car from the dealership - a all day process.
What you don't want to hear when you ask your server how she's doing: "Ehh, just getting over pneumonia."
Love enthusiasm for #uxbrunch in Baltimore April 23! Ya better rent a whole room.
ohh la la! an all natural air freshener? haha
you the NFN app is live on both android and apple!!!! download it now for free just search nfn radio
only if you don't like dogs. Bonus points if you bring your cat
Rumors on the net say you're going to help Kevin Steen win the ROH Title next Saturday & form a tag team w/him. True or not?
Hello Boston!
2303 richmond ave @ the chimney right next to blue fish and hobbit cafe
The thing is, when she falls, she falls hard, and no matter how many times she says i don't care... she really does
How about racing a NASCAR or an exotic car? Ziplinging in Bootleg Canyon is also tons of fun #Vegas #Skydiving ^AP
I'm hoping that, with the growth of indie #publishing, we'll see more playful creative experimentation in language &
ah, I will be in Tokyo at the end of May & right after that I will be in Copenhagen and Germany. Won't return till 6/18.
Played soccer with Roger Levesque and Taylor Graham of the Sounders on Sunday in a charity pick up - really nice guys.
RT : Who is ready to win a Wii Bundle????
Right where I should be. A DRINKING SONG by Yeats on my placecard for dinner: 'Wine comes in at the mouth / & love comes in at the eyes...'
Getting annoyed with the PG&E website not letting me pay our bill!
Chaired my first meeting. Sucess!
RT 100000000000000000000000000000000000 Times If you have to make sure it's OK with your girlfriend you have failed as a man.
Spring break is over! Back to schools to bring the kiddos music from around the world. We're excited to get back to it!
Lmfao! I honestly never would've guessed! But I see it now, good for her :)
I need Barack Obama to whistle and say 'Make my Day' to the Tea Party and others who try to make things difficult for him and the US!
listening to journal for plague lovers.....again, it's a great great album.
i do too !!!!!! Its been like 2 months. This is unexeptable.
i was but forgot my password I think I'm learning how this works
my little sister is a directioner, belieber, AND likes the wanted. you dont like to rival british boy bands, okay?! meh...
no, phx. Next week in la. U?
follow on twitter niece
back messages> only thing sisters are useful for
#RawFast coming to a close - good experience. Lesson learned: more fruits and veggies. Gonna feel weird eating donuts + ice cream tomorrow.
you JUST tweeted me, but didn't follow :/ can I get a follow?(;
It's a activity and a dining experience. I've never been there but went to the Tasting Room once when the chef did a demo.
Rihanna thinks it's October.
What Up Twitter Land #weedropweerock!!!
This Aint No Fucking Sing Along
Off to NYC
#Kona Coffee Festival 11/4-13. Bring on the caffeine! What's your favorite coffee drink?
that's the best feeling.
Even tho I totally misinterpreted your tweet?
Thanks for #liveblogging the #Edgars.. from those of us in fly-over country.
Art of ATSU Expo & Reception, Thursday, 4/19, 4-6 pm. Centennial Commons. Art by students, faculty, staff, & spouses/partners. Refreshments.
Got around 50K. Lost a 20K chip pot with KK vs. AQ All in pre flop.
are you Dining Without Dairy tonight?
lol u must!!! If u out there smoking!! Be careful sexy
Chilling con
did you get anything?
Man, Bill Dobbins is just fantastic
what postseason playoffs are you talking about? Stop thinking like a lions fan. Getting thru 1/4 of the field isn't good enough
Thanks! and happy Monday.
Imperial IPAs are suppose to be sweet, DUH!
Whoo hoo! Going to see Rain this Saturday!!
i am on my way sis
I like the picture you put on facebook.
All grades posted, such a relief!
It is a really day to be out
--two words: Game Day.
thanks for this: I almost forgot the Alamo!
haunt seem a funny ass tweet from you today lol was hoping to getta good laugh but maybe soon? :) night sexy
These same ppl wonder why I don't enjoy thr company.<U+E40D>
no charge for diagnosis and hard to tell without knowing exact problem.
how's spring training going for ya? Be down there in a few days!
Thanks for connecting!!
good times!
easier to manage, plus we can have raffles and such. still going to be just as much fun though!
I'm great. You?
2,800 teenage girls get pregnant everyday. Retweet if you like pancakes.
yeah man, only two more weeks!
Happy Monday!
Who can i watch true blood with this weekend??
wow... it's raining so hard that it sounds like LA is tumbling in a washing machine right now. love that post-rain LA too!
Please check out my New video! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
I didn't have anything nice to say, so I stayed home =\
Be prepared to accept hatred with success. Unfortunately, they go hand in hand. The real G's can sideline the nonsense though.
Not a great start defensively.
I think it's the role of the black church that makes this stereotype so enduring
One night when I was 18, two girlfriends and I decided to drive from San Diego to LA. We pulled into Oceanside and went through a drive t...
sushi can easily knock off 3 fat stacks and a grip!
Everyone loves Taking Back Sunday, yet everyone is afraid to admit so.
did follow you yet?
Ok an what's sup on the modeling???
Finally landed in Dallas!
#hth2012 elizabeth chilton up now introducing the conference with a few words
If you don’t know where you are going, any road will take you there
love #RealTime but #WhereAreTheWomen? Not discrediting panelists, but your show needs more female voices
Cmon pats we gatta win this
thank you :-)
Yes. Cut it out.
they are coming! At Los globos. Not sure about the $20 cover though. :/
me either
Just CAUSE I'M AWAY ....DON'T MEAN I ANT THERE ...
I will let occupy know about open house! Lol
Remember: We now have Service Hours from 8am to 4pm on Saturdays!
426: OMG JERI. I love how we're penpalssss. <3 Oh, and your letter should be coming soon! You're super gorgeous and i love ya girll. <33
I hope u have a grt day <3
Sleepovers are the BEST!:)
The article proof for my upcoming article in Boutique Design Magazine is great! Next issue...stay tuned!
thank you my hero! Is your stress better? Mine's not...
Casey Hayward, I'll take your seven INT's last year. #goodpick for the Pack
Screening & discussion tonight at the San Francisco Public Library w/ Milton Reynolds as moderator!
This weather makes me want to drive to the beach blasting Jimmy Buffett!!!! Yes, I am a parrot head.
I had a dream about this! A few weeks ago, I talked in my sleep about looking at pictures of the Earth from Mars, according to Zach.
sounds DELISH! Side note -- we need to get together! Let me know when you're work schedule calms down a bit!
New topic - E500 Flash Sync
So far everything is Ok here just pretty windy.
Happy Birthday To Lil Trill (:
You are so gonna rock the house tomorrow!
Thank you and for the !
That is very true! Haha
nice i will be there
Happy birthday future husband.
Embedding = key to easy website design. Thanks aka Harris Kleyman for doing in 24 hrs what took others years! New website soon!
me????why say so????how did i become his sister????but i like that...that way i can talk to him.
fascinating women are sharing their table w/me. Janet & Sherry are fun and inciting (or maybe it is insightful) :)
22/25 for those who wondered.
Lost a night of finishing up packaging last night bec I got real sick. :( Now to figure out if I need to miss Snow Patrol 2night to finish.
Traits of a procrastinator: I really need someone to be on top of my ass via emails or text to get multiple deadlines done.
eating toast, and watching spongebob is the best way to start Christmas Eve.<3 :]
Off to Petco to buy a paycheck's worth of chews, treats, toys, balls, bones, beds, and other crap.
Been listening to way too many old suspenseful radio shows, & playing them too loud too, I think it's bugging the axe murderer in the attic.
hahah it's okay dear, thanks you :) xx
I was an amateur fighter. Physically, I'm not afraid of anyone I work with.
1 more flight. Amsterdam here I come...
. Insanely jealous but I know you deserve it! ;)
If i wanna do music , whats the point of going to school lol
Who the heck got the dumb idea to make stomp the yard 2 and why is BET showin it?
07/18/2011 - Girl Scouts Twilight Camp Come and have fun, make new friends and learn new songs and games.
still can't see my grade on pipeline :( and did not get an email?
YES! MT My #1 wish for the iPad 3: Enough RAM that it can hold way more Safari tabs in memory without having to reload them.
Just wrote an awesome song that I may never be able to release...... **Sigh**
RT - I hope that the Jacksonville Jaguars lose every game this season..
Hair Tip: Trim your ends every 2 months
:-) RT Thank you to my friend, Susan Henderson of , for registering with a bone marrow donor bank.
Hope you enjoy it... Dave does a great job of helping people get to the Nxt Level! ~Nxt
So great to finally meet the ladies! Great concept great vibe, super excited!
Because you didn't txt me im probably finna fall asleep RT : I only said dat cuz you said goodnight, u fina stay woke?
how so? :o
Congrats Coach Monty! Yes!!
Redwood shores or bust.
Nothing as far as I can tell around my office on Boylston St. Our power is up and running just fine. Nothing out of the ordinary.
thanks for coming to today. great to see you!
When you say, "9 out of 10 forest fires are caused by humans," all I hear is, "There's a bear out there who knows how to use matches."
Is that at OU?
wait, are you really looking for a puppy? I have a friend who is fostering a dog right now.....
#ASTD2012 went to the wrong room and couldn't sneak out but made the most of it. it was a pretty good panel on leadership trends.
that is the million dollar question. I vote cognac.
We hope everything ran smoothly yesterday! #StVincentFam BTW, really playing well lately!
Bucs in business in the 3rd. Back to back singles by Tabata and Walker to lead off the inning.
haha I wasnt kissing anybody and why wouldnt you kiss the bros haha
You joined the tea party? RT : I am a nonfunctional person of dubious mentality today.
Community Media Workshop Conference today #mmc2011 I'm a panelist and will be talking about #RedCross and mobile engagement
We have some great music coming your way soon from and
What is StaffingMarketplace? •StaffingMarketplace helps you get found online by more qualified visitors
Ahhhhhhhthankyou... Keep up the good work, guys- Let me know what I can do to help. #promotion #blogpost???
Why fade away on Westbrook? Hieght advantage.
In photography, the smallest thing can be a great subject. The little human detail can become a leitmotif." — Henri Cartier-Bresson
Sometimes I forget about
Thanks for the shout out!
brick squad.
followed, follow back?
Back to Seattle tomorrow. One of my sons is sick. Hard to be away even when they are in their 20's.
thought that Teal did well today, but I agree
Hi Gabrielle, I read All These Things I've Done and loved it. When does book #2 come out in the US? Thanks!
be home soon my love
common fn sense
recall: The following pet brands ALL recall their dog foods(including a 4th expansion to recalls by Diamond)for Salmonella...
Why i am ready to open my kid's Rockband gift and get loose?
Sounds good guys! Looking forward to the show.
Haterz Hate me cause I'm quick Ladies lick me cause I'm sweet Tweet It
that juice was soo yummy
Thanks!“: Yum! Lasagna for lunch tomorrow? RT : Tuesday is Lasagna day. Mention this tweet for a free soft drink!”
My bracket is nearly flawless thus far. Show me the money. I told ya not to sleep on Louisville! Now, let's go CUSEEE!!!!!!!
Do You Like Motivational Quotes? Follow -
Join our EXCLUSIVE tour of the Hide/Seek exhibition w/the CO-CURATOR! $45/$35 members. 2pm Feb 4. RSVP:
thanks! Come! It's a rock and roll bedtime story. XO
Them niggaz can't catch me I'm prime time baby lmao ya hilarious Ricky
& another weird thing is that it ALWAYS happens when it's raining outside. .__.
Thx again4 d opp! EVERY1 involved SMASHED IT!RT : S/o to team y'all went in with and #doveawards !!!
Congrats on your recognition last month as an up-and-comer in the Indy Star!
just saw your Against Me! comments on It's like you're in my head sometimes.
thanks again! Stoked that you liked your guitar!
yes I am, even though the world is telling me I shouldn't be!
thank you :)
just completed 20 minutes of meditation with
It is the time to reflect upon the year 2011 and plan for 2012. Dan Miller plans for the next year in October; however, now is not too late.
Did pop punk save your life ?
i wish!
I love kevin hart!
Dec25 2AM 34 years ago my parents eloped in a downtown vegas chapel. My mother in a black dress. A ring found in a trashcan. Snow falling
Hope you enjoyed them
New background thanks too !
energized after day 2 of running through streets of #greenpoint brooklyn. Tackled the Pulaski bridge. Horton dance tmrw.
"Coaching" makes the players to what you tell the media they need to do!
Snyder, Bill Walsh, Ingmar Bergman... they go in threes.
What happened when the icicle landed on the sowmman's head?It knocked him cold.
Roughin up the gits at home
good;) still watching jack?;)
Your abs look like mashed potatoes. Ew.
I run edge on some of my sites, so I'm ahead of the curve ;)
The Things I'm afraid to tell you posts have just collectively impacted me profoundly. I'm almost at a lost for words - just, thank you all!
Thanks Tyler
Did I really eat that WHOLE steak?
Life is meant to be lived in the way you choose!
thank you for the follow!
Okay, 1st task completed. Readings are scanned in for next week's class. Parkes on Secretary hand! Now, to transcribe for T-PEN.
going pretty good, had a big client meeting this morning and now I am reviewing my notes.
hehe I got this<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I want to work at Dunkin' Donuts part time then maybe work my way up.
hm, find out more n let me know wassup!
Tune in to the radio show Thursday morning around 8:30. We will be talking to him about our new series on
We are playing the cd release on October 17th! We will have tickets very soon contact us if your interested!
oh wait... you're not 21 hahahahah AWKWARD
thanks, welcome to my tweeps;) keep on tweeting
"Baby please dont go go go go, if i wake up tomorrow will you still be here, i dont wanna know...."
Good Afternoon sunshine state
SO HILARIOUS!
This week it's Chili Project #8 -Fire Roasted Chilies, Black Beans, Queso Blanco, Cilantro Mayo and Rajas de Tortilla.
Love that Electric Ballroom is trending ahahaha.
South Carolina to train the RUSK Master Stylists
Hey you, yea you with the hair
you know it! #comingtotown do you know my cousin who is a recording artist in #Toronto? Hidden Ambition is his performance name
Nothing good.
"We're all trying to use history to engage people to make our communities better." Johns Hopkins
you've reached a certain point in your career when you make such observations; it can be a dangerous place.
if you want to get to the NBA right away give Coach Cal and UK a call. Go Cats!!
SAME! RT I HAD MY 1ST HEELS AT THE AGE OF 13
I'm looking forward to you performing in the Orlando Florida area sometime. BTW a follow would be nice.
Turkey day! Football, tons of food, and naps = best day of the year
next: Clean up day and than planting!! can't wait ... do you want to help? contact us here!
Question of the Day: What do you do if cats are stuck in your wall? Respond with suggestions to
Week In Style: Green Is Universal Edition mystyle went "green " with a ton of galleries. One highlighted stars, like Vanessa Hudgens, who
For some reason the #redsox fans at Penn station don't look too happy this morning.
Schools out for summer ! Schools out forever ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Longest day of my life and it's not even over.
Right now, we can't. Trying to find smart people who might know how.
almost did!
hey girl! If you texted me again and I didn't answer, my phone died lol
Can't wait to talk to Bill Bennett about education tomorrow. He is an American hero and one of my favorite people!
...oops, more like "Do what you want during the game, absolutely NO talking during the commercials."
Listening to the SDSU radio broadcast of the LBSU game. This announcer is ALL ABOUT Casper. #SBM!
If nothing else, they often have some pretty decent music there.
What a beautiful night!! Wind, rain, Thunderstorm! #crazychicagoweather <3
So the lebron 9 Elite South Beach is my next shoe pick up
---> rt ": People who can make you smile just from a text >"
I been alright just trying to keep grinding how's things been on ya end
Sanford nonsense swamping the air waves could be stealth move by GOP to distract from our demands for Public Health Care for all.
Trying hard not to laugh when some guys bumps his head....
I don't know who that would be, but behind style pantry!
Finally made it to #smas12. Next up: some case examples of #socialanalytics adoption from JD Power.
ATTENTION: A father alone w/his daughters is NOT "babysitting!" If you believe this to be the case, this is your damn problem - not mine.
The best part about going out of town with a team is the getting in trouble...
It's like this omnipresent feeling of regret that just won't leave me the hell alone. / on a brighter note, my hair's longer
Ryan Braun goes #beastmode on that 3-1 pitch. He loves it.
# U sum a:-) Hot stuff. U want my numba? Ill.make ya.life happia.. Very
continuing to prep for technology eval tomorrow
OMG. I am yours 4ever. RT A rose in my garden. Be my Valentine ! twitpic.com/86hvza
World News America on #PBS tonight: #Eurozone economies in trouble, still no govt for Greece, Afghan boots & #Shakespeare reborn in Indiana
Ea volunteer ea outreach makes several dozen hard-boiled eggs 4our clients, a delicacy for them. Since 12/2006, we've handed out almost 17K!
Do we need #corporate sponsorship to lobby for an act of Congress that makes quality of #military childcare system available 2 all families?
In amsterdam & settled into appt. Looking for great places/ experiences for kids. Got any suggestions?
pacers win!!!
Michelle & Chris, thank you. Thanks for letting Josh chase his dream & for sharing him with the world. It must be hard. So thank you.
Yes, can hit those big notes. But, there are a lot of other notes and considerations to make.
Delaware Park with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
"A goal is a dream with a deadline." - Napolean Hill
Self Preservation.
lol I thought you had good luck but we on the same page!
Thank you most kindly! Please come again!
It was excellent indeed, I almost got my watch stolen by an off duty street magician! We miss Las Vegas & we miss !
For me you'll always be 18 and beautiful and dancin' away with my heart
“: Oh you have snapbacks and tattoos, you must have so much swag.” shut the fuck up
..and so it start. Another work week
"The heavens declare the glory of God; and the sky itself shows his handiwork."~Psalm 19:1
Against stupidity the gods themselves contend in vain.
I feel like crying.
Our second note on the history of zarzuela has been published to our Facebook site! Check it out! (On the web site soon)
yay!!!!!! So excited! When do you guys come back?
" Behind me is infinite power, before me is endless possibility, around me is boundless opportunity. - Author Unknown"
Hi Justine! SO glad I got to say hi again before I left! :)
I hope tomorrow flows smoothly for me. Oh please, oh please......well, technically today. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
ohio. im classy asFUCKK
People who use Y.O.L.O for everything have NO life.....kthxbye
RT I'm an SNL fan, but I didn't laugh during the Tebow/Jesus skit. I found it predictably offensive. It just what they do.
just ordered "shine" by Lauren Myracle for my library. Partially bc its an awesome book, and partially to annoy #WSJ 's Gurdon
I'll bite. Haha. Unmade a 560 verbal and a shameful 280ish on the math. :/
TwistAid could open it! Check it out at www.twistaid.com
Phoenix vs. New Jersey would be my choice for a final.
so what's this '"half birthday" shit and how can I be apart of it? bhahahahaha
Took your soul out into the night it may be over but it won't stop there I am here for you if you'd only care.
Man I am feeling FAT this Tuesday.
Great story this am, Charles!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs for all those who don't know Eli is the only qb in the nfl without familiar targets
GO KINGS GO!!!
Terrell Owens was on the Dr. Phil show? Well, he has shown consistently poor judgement over the years. So, I guess this fits the pattern.
I'm in for the day “: save me”
Nothing better than the original rollercoaster tycoon on the cpu for the trip home : )
serena maneesh was totally weird, but in a performanc-y, look what i made you way.
Colin Cowherd ABSOLUTELY REFUSES to give the Spurs any credit!! He's just "HOT" over Kobe and Lebron!
It's a new month. Consider opening a new Word Document,...
The mark of true #leader is not how well they can share their successes with others, but how transparent they can be about their failures.
Just the King and I in the kitchen so far this morning. Loving it! Nothing gets me going like a little Elvis
We are at rices market today in new hope spot 214! Come out and say hi!
DM=direct messaging
YES WAY.
excuse me? what the fuck
Now that I missed the whole series, I really want to watch #frontline on Wall Street. Guess I know what I'm doing Sunday afternoon.
The Things Digital and Literacy Instruction institution at #IRA2012 definitely grabbed our attention! Who is attending it?
I can't wait ^_^
I think the #chiefs should start Palko instead of Cassel, and not play McCluster against the #patriots. We would win!
You know when you see a girl with a pretty face you wanna fuck their face
Good morning. Have a blessed day! :)
yeah, I just don't want to give critics any reason
“: #CGBaseball takes on Avon at Victory Field at 5:30! Only 5 dollars to get in!” Here's to a better outing than last time!
thanks so much Amanda. We enjoyed it.
Your what makes my heart go and skip a beat when you are inches away from me . #Natural .
S.O. to my cousin Kyle for his Little League game-winning home run!!
This nigga Will Smith be in the saddest movies.
so young lost 0 and 1. yep, seems going back to mom as his coach is working out really well for him.
Jazz, Jas, Rushun, Jazzy, whateva u wanna call me <U+E414>
RT : It's "Common Sense" day -- on Feb. 2, 1776, Thomas Paine's ideas first appeared in Virginia Gazette.
I might not text, call or see you, but you must know that my love for you never stops. It just gets bigger.
Practice makes perfect keef! :-)
night time helicopter maneuvers sans nav lights off tonight over Loop
We deliver them. But we are unable to offer the 1/2 off sushi on Wed.
Glad you're still a cheesehead
Thought for the morning... You're never too old to learn something stupid.
very awesome!
sorry that it's my pet peeve
And said there was another threat at 5 AM today...so is there more than one stupid phone caller?
planning a workshop/tour w bookbinding and Painting in Italy 2013
hell yeah me too
Good shit ! Enjoy that trip to Japan!
haven't made a trip down to Beloit to see him, and Rosario, yet but I really wanna get there soon
yeah I'm trying
what's your start date?
date night with my love:)
#toccon keynotes this year are inspiring!
Why are you following me?
that's a good idea. My brain cells turn off when I catch a few minutes never mind an entire episode. Recharge brain
Governor , please stop unfairly targeting #wolves. Treat them like #wildlife, with respect -- not as something to be eliminated!
New great song I was just introduced to by : JT Hodges, "Goodbyes Made You Mine"
Thank you. You were right. The surgery went just fine(: I'm alive <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Hey...not to go too far off topic...but did you guys see the Giants got their Super Bowl Rings ...
damn that's horrible. U know Big G met him at the last carshow. Pics and were thang. Sad.
ooh, that area with the parking lot entrance/exit is a total danger zone
Penn State sent me a violation notice today for 2 unpaid parking tickets from April 2008. #isthatajoke?
#tech2012 I'd pay for a privacy protective FB, Google, etc. Where do I pay?
Woof. RT : Gonzaga moms look a lot like gonzaga girls
I got tickets for my gays through work silly!! I didn't even know about this they had to school me <U+E057>I'm at the Encore EDC on sat!
Glad you're enjoying it!
is heading to Albequrque tomorrow for the LOEX conference
Need a inspection for ur insurance renewal for roof or shutter discount
Thanks to airways I'm sleeping in my jeans tonight! Late flights and lost luggage! Poor customer satisfaction is no. 1
Love it when customers start evangelizing on our behalf. Love seeing on
right , we could walk wherever we want !! No asking for concerts we could just go ..
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. - Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
Tyler Perry set..good times.
for Canadians this is true, but for us we tend to be more sensitive. Plus w/ wind chill they say it feels like low 30s...
: Once you see our exhibit you'll definitely want to pedal your way around town!
Someone take a pole dancing class with me!! I wanna learrnnn.
Just got off the phone with someone in Australia, wow. Also set up my plan for down under, so I can make phone call while there. Ya
Target brand mouthwash is possibly the worst tasting thing ive ever had. My mouth is burning AND it feels like lighter fluid
I like nick cannon
#YouWasSexyUntil you dropped that piece of chocolate on the floor.
When we were walking hand in hand, everything was perfect, but when I took my hand out of yours, you let go too easily.
What do you want me to do ?
got to say I love quite a few but my favorite would have to be #shredmatrix close 2nd is ras lemonade
RT : I wish more people could have positive attitudes about life but maybe that's just wishful thinking
me either im gone go some day
Need a hug :(
Excitement building for Super Bowl ads: first David Beckham for H&M, now John Stamos for Dannon!
Holy Week! Holla! Your boy's bout to do it up!
the pick up line wrote "Are you cambell's soup cause your mm mm good" reminded me of myself hitting on
SO excited to be on vacation tomorrow, but nervous to fly. Not crazy about this feeling!
Congratulations to my Twitter friend who jumped on the Isagenix bandwagon with me, has lost 15 lbs in 2 weeks, and made $204!
If the point of The Voice is to find a recording artist....isn't the whole show technically a product placement?
difficult conversations <
Just got my first of hopefully many phone calls/notes from today's rally - heard 65k people? Awesome! #wiunion, ROCK ON!
Hey, who you met at our show is playing at The Way Station tomorrow Sun 8:30! You should come, I'll get there late
The exploitation of div 1 college football players by universities would make Karl Marx turn in his grave.
Would have been better last week at the peak of the Perseid Meteor Shower - still, today (tonight?) is Shooting Star Day, make a wish!
I got 4 high rollers inquiring about VIP for Monday is there anything hat you guys can do for them ?
Birthday shout out to who's in Chapel Hill this weekend.
Not much, been somewhat inactive myself
Birmingham, Alabama :) let"s the games begin
#3wordsthatwomenhate the condom busted:O
Nasty, rainy weather today. :(
As someone who knows little about online ads, too bad I couldn't make it to #hhchi last night. Looking fwd to next #hackshackers in chicago
you want me to follow ya back?
Can I just say life is full? Life is full.
Don't hold your breath.
2 cars crashed into each other in mexico 37 people were killed.
Next topic: how outside groups, governments, diaspora can aid democracy in the Middle East
And my 13,600 tweet goes to my Heat Hater / Twitter Budddie , Lol . he stays hating on my Heat but i gotta love him >.<3
I followed
whoa whoa whoa you coming to Milwaukee?? I got the planes
Life is too short, Charles. Move to Austin?
agreed with the Original Six preference. Plus I like Lundqvist and Tortella is always good for an amusing press conference.
Y NO IN SCHOOL BTDUBZ Im gonna call you jerms from now on k? k. c:
Skinner points out that born-digital newspaper content presents major challenges--we don't even know what we want to preserve!
Ultimately, I believe this flood is demonstrating our increased need for MORE INNOVATION in the area of IT infrastructure
"The possibilities are endless, the task is to identify and work with team players only...
#Doughboys After-School special in L.A kills any soup/sandwich combo and whoever orders it consistently
Don't be Hatin'
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe be yourself
stirs it up...get off you butt and get facts!!! Give cred to Al Jaz when it benefits your fear agenda...do sum work and vet!
RT : Thanks to YOU, & all who have provided so much support for
“: lol I told you! Its going down at cornbreadz” lmao ima wear my j'z
Thank you for adding our content into your "Twitter Daily" Have a great week!
You are a bad influence RT Dear Tequila shot at 2am, you were a bad idea. Why is the world so bright and loud today?
Imagination came bring a revelation
Big #RIT Bookbag meeting happening in the OPL, exciting developments on the horizon! Stay tuned for more details
Husband in office tower across the Connector said it looks like the bomb squad just arrived.
Somehow I'm back to visiting Oscars at least once a week. Best time travel ever.
I think you're really great & know watching horror movies w/ you while eating pizza naked in bed would be really fun
And is entertainer of the year!
Someone get John Harkes a razor!
I'm not generally an annoying person, you're just such an easy target ;)
thanks love :)
#NowPlaying Beekeeper's Daughter by The All-American Rejects
~ Super Bowl XLVI ~
I saw a pic of u that was tweeted from ur photo shoot u looked BEAUTIFUL, loved the hair, you have me in love w/ ripped jeans!
Only heard by the refined ears of insomniac musicians ;-)
lol thanks for the smile. ;)
Do you remember the time when you were mine.
We successfully outreached to an increased number of mothers and fathers.
Please help Wee Rescue by temporarily fostering a pup or two while we find a happy forever home? Email inquiries to .
My conscious may hate me for having a best friend with a Yankee tattoo and a Mets internship.... but I am SO happy for you !!!
Have I told you lately how glad I am that you are into our band? Rock on!
Paid in full... Another 1 of my favorite movies!!
Of course the teacher is late for our final exam
nice article on the Gonzalez brothers' show! Made me feel like I was at the concert... ;)
RT: Surprise - teens prefer texting to talking
Last day at the #AmericanChiropracticConference. We have lots of #Samples of so come over 2 booth 35 today before they're gone.
Both Yanks games at Nats Stadium are already sold out?!
Definition of perpetual motion machine is it creates more energy than it uses. sunlight is limitless so a solar panel is perpetual motion.
Students own many different devices ... they value anytime, anywhere access
Clint for President.
Ready to back to Portland. Thanks Washington DC for the good time.
According to Planet Fitness "hipster" is not a target weight.
TribeCon! Get ready for another star speaker in the making! Let's hear it from ! Wooot!
that was a joke BTW
True! RT “: I don't buy idea Rose was rusty tonight. Heat has a plan against him, esp w Big 5 lineup. Rondo more of issue.
haha hollin'. Don't tell em, let em hear it for themselves & notice!
Apparently, Adele has released a new single about how she's not over her boyfriend who is obviously over her.
Have seen so many lists lately of top 5 this and top 10 that, thinking of compiling a list of lists. Do you have any favorites to share?
I <3 my job, thats y i dont even wanna go back to school
it's looking good! ... but nothing confirmed yet. I should find out for sure tonight :)
Any big riding plans this memorial day weekend?
Finally upgraded in life and got an iPhone
That is perfect phrasing.
whenever yall wanna come to the radio station let me know
Roll call, who of you are UX designers?
Watch a Week of WWE in 90 Seconds!
should definitely be taking me tonight instead of the fat boy!
Dumpsters are community toilets........ Teehee(:
Email us all your guys' names and contact info! We need shirt sizes and counts. =)
HOLY SHIT. FREE THROWS! F-ING FREE THROWS! WE'RE TALKING ABOUT FREE THROWS.
- miss you too, CT! Yep, channel will be there Monday and we're 2 weeks later
RT : The game of #Acting is not so much in holding a good hand as playing a poor hand well.
holla we tryna work collab and all that stay on that Va thing slime
Thank you for the follow? May we send you a free bookmark to help with spiritual reading?
please keep the gross reporting up. Best. Birth. Control. EVAR. ;)
I hate when people can clearly see my tattoos and then say "oh, you have tattoos?" No Bitch! They're birthmarks like WTF! -___-
Oh damn. Maine in August? I'm having trouble breathing. It's too exciting.
that was unexpected to say the least
Let's go ! Leave it all on the field!
continue to track weather @ tracks and maybe do weather trivia?
I love
Get your a$$ up the money's calling!!!
Excellent point! :-)
You ever just wanna say something but you don't know how to say it. I think I am crazy for this girl
Will your Christmas Special be airing in the US?? I'd love to see ANTHING you're in.
I guess NCAA's prob is they have to connect the dots with evidence. Even Lyles said there was no quid pro quo.
would love to, but this week we're super busy. Maybe next week? I think we have Tues and Fri free...
I mean if your dads a girl then yep it was him.....
#GUBday is on Monday! What's your wish for Georgetown? Let us know Mon. at 11:00 am in Sellinger Lounge OR at dinner at Leo's !
It's Christmas, stop eating my stocking, the cat, and my spatulas.
Got home at 5:30 & was greeted w/husband's request to track down Walk Among Us (ha.) So, keeping calendar empty for next year.
don't get too excited
I'm good. I called you on oovoo the other day
this looks awesome.
How can a team be considered better if they cant win 1 SnD? Its like knowing how to pass,dribble but not being able to shoot.
I hate forward progress
it's ok but thanks :) I'm sure everything will work out....eventually
RT : Embrace and love the shape of your body. If you want changes, do it!
Going live to the big room with Imagine Dragons at 1p!
took a nap after school and then I have dance in a little bit <3
Today is Clyde Stubblefield's b-day. I'm sure yall know how important he's been 2 hip-hop. Give him a Twitter shout.
Last hair treatment today!:)
Can I get Theo's "Bridge" from last season so I can jump off it??
Can't stop singing piña colada boy. Fuck you
Thank you for following!!! <U+2665> It means a lot <U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
Ironic- DVR'ed "The Biggest Looser" and am making a mChess Pie- how guilty do I feel?!?
I forgot how much you hated thunderstorms. BTW my neighbors are having a bon fire. During a thunderstorm?
Me, on watching the heartbeat on ultrasound: "Have you ever seen such a crazy thing?" Her: "There was that Gathering of the Juggalos video."
We can do that!
Band show tonight @ Mater.
i wish would follow us! :)
Ain't no shame....he is a great
yep it's called being a victim, in their irresponsibility, they blame someone else for their lack of performance.
Q: If a baseball and bat cost $110, and the bat costs $100 more than the ball, how much does the ball cost? <Don't look at other's answers!>
it disappeared in the water. Just bought me a jet ski in case that happens again.
and done! Keep listening and we will talk on air.
Lakers all M'f day
that's what I'm sayin!
Tech is cool because we've been talking about Barcelona and travel in general. Love meeting new people! :)
Focused, bout to hit the gym!
There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a fuzzy concept. - Ansel Adams
Thank you! RT : We didn't do this on Twitter earlier, but we should have. A very Happy Birthday to
What don't you get?
Situation in west allis. Bomb squad and fire dept at the mobile home park. My guess is
Can't beat hockey intros.
Look at him signing all those bills!
I love your icon picture
oh.... lol your prob right lol they say u can eat the flowers but i dint go there lol
I can't believe Dunn turned it around like he did. See he wasn't lazy in the off season.
Serious question, did landry fields even play yesterday?
Im getting greater over time,developing some killa rhymes,rappin wit a straight jacket on wit a mental mind-DajeeK :) Fuck wit ya boy
Intro of Newt: SC sent a clear message that we don't want a timid president. We want a strong president who will tell the truth.
you & this Work lol
#EmmaStone is literally perfect. She's an amazing actress and she's gorgeous!
Great start 2 the day : We're watching the sunrise from the 34th floor of 11 Times Square for our NY Real Estate Summit this morning.
This rain is so sexy right now...
What!? That sounds great! Thanks! RT : I think the we got at #PhillyFoodEx is going to change my life.
WHO ELSE IS EXCITED FOR WNBA TIP-OFF?!
O-H!!! Proud of you bro!!! Way to respond to adversity!!!
Love it! RT : I know you have nothing to do now all summer so I think its about time for some baseball w/ ?!
I ordered food from my phone and didn't leave the sofa until door bell rang. Should've just told them where the hide a key was.
Independent women >
We'll have a Shakeytown Radio Minute up this week with bonus material from Bebe McPhereson's interview. Next Monday's episode: !
I feel sorry for the Memphians killed in the avalanche.
yup I agree. Now I'm hungry!
It's lunchtime! What's on your plate?
she had dumps like a truck truck truck thighs like what what what let me see that thong thong thong thong thong
Damn straight. See you there!
I have 4-5 midterms left, 3 finals, 5 assignments and 2 papers in that span of time
Preparing to shoot with Model: Jessica Tome' and MUA: Gisset Renteria tomorrow!
Bang Bang Bang
good afternoon!! lol
yep... “: #Capricorn's on a bad day are depressed, gloomy, discontented and worrier's.”
Dominate A rodge
A food court, free shuttle from hotel to #bocas2012 events, female writers a plenty, new and old voices of all ages
Too broke to buy Drop Dead Clothing.
amen. Freaking vag!!
You thought Mullin was awful in studio? Try him out for color commentary. Somehow it's worse.
SEX ain't better then LOVE <U+2665> but love HURT like yo first time having SEX
Talk about Hunger Games, I'm STARVIN'!
"Going" to another Rangers game June 13....already made backup plans though because I trust the backup plans more than Plan A smh
our pleasure :)
I wish I could just stay in bed, but I can't afford it, ha.
I havent but ive seen bits and pieces on twit and tumbl. do u have the link?
If you can't take it don't dish it. Period.
THE FOCUSED MIND IS THE ONE MOVIN MOVIN WIT ORDER _ GROWN MEN NEED TO HAVE AN ORDER TO THEMSELF IF NOT THEY MOVE AS BABYS TO A BOTTLE
Cool. Send me the link.
Veneta Bottega Bags line of luxury clothing and accessories | Artiklar
dude, the best!
cat poo has to be the most foul substance on earth.
Thank you!:) how are the girls?
it.bz link leads to a page not found!!!
#thatawkwardmoment when you fall down the stairs because your legs are so sore they give out on you (y)
What's everyone's favorite Christmas movie? Mine is a tie between Its a Wonderful Life and Die Hard..
even if it does snow, no better way to enjoy it than with a hot toddy.
Why do I make life harder than it has to be?
Up next is #missworld!Who is excited?Tell me ur favs?
What did you think of the Bonfire series last night ?
There we go!
Let him cook. Ball is his job, not his life. Deals with enough scrutiny as is, don't need it from fans too.
Heels vs Sneaker Tonite @ Area performance by Pittsburg Slim. Get on list free 10pm 2am
Day of Faith in Action w/friends from
<U+263A>Gordo !!!i have the Ebook do of u want to read it I can send it to u
Have been reading your blog articles, (which are great). By chance are you attending #MW2012?
hahaha yes sir! so stoked for tmrw nite! i'm hoping flew up for this one!
As 1891 comes to a close, I cannot help but think back on the momentous events of the past year...
Starting The Watsons Go to Birmingham-1963 by CP Curtis w/ #5th graders today!
Haha me and lauren were out eating one time and we didn't know that a man was standing near the door cause we were near the car and we said
what u been up to...
A1. Spoil Mom both with Mother's Day Brunch but nice steak dinner!
I'll be damned if I'm gonna get punked at the age on 47 (especially on TV)
3 days until Thanksgiving, 33 days until Christmas, and 40 days until 2012.
IQ is the single best predictor of performance for almost any job you can imagine. Predicts upwards of 63% of performance.
U even think I'm fake. I don't know my dad yeah because he's fucking physco and tried killing my mom. So we got put into WPP again thanks.
This might be the worst season ever of The Biggest Loser. Shady characters on this show, not fun to watch.
You had me at hello, and lost me at goodbye. And everything in between, I guess it was a lie.
"Only a week until I get my c300" Me too.Yay!
Why is everyone talking about God today. This boy on facebook was just reciting the whole bible & it was actually upsetting me.
i wonder why some people think they are cool when they look like idiots when they talk i just funny to watch
Not sure of the origin of the term, have never heard it except in UK.
60% angel 30% naughty 10%bad girl now which girl do u want to play with ?
omfg what what what what
Leo Thomas DB has recommitted reports Matt Moreno at goazcats.com
i called u this weekend babe
"Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase." - Martin Luther King Jr
I just had the horrible realization that the word vacuum is incredibly strange and I've been spelling it wrong my whole life. Two 'u's?
can you follow back so i can dm you?
I'm an idiot. Just ground off a good chunk of my thumbnail cleaning a cooking stone.
Do one thing a day that scares you.
is wrapped!!! Thank you to everybody who was involved with the production, via training, onset involvement, or financial backing!
So glad the puppy went to sleep now I can watch the game
Best believe I'll remind her, though.
Wishin we were playing in Amsterdam this week ;)
Do u always tweet LHill lyrics or just while drinking? ;)
No problem! RT : Just picked up my pail of coffee grounds from Bexley. Thanks COJ for helping me garden organically!
Clearly I chose the wrong panel.
When I grow up, I want to be a morale officer from Ouendan/Elite Beat Agents. Either that, or Nathan Drake. Or both.
Grusin looks for social justice outcome from decentering of human that is long-developing impetus for current "nonhuman turn."
Out watching the game with my pregnant friend. There's a line of drunk girls trying to talk about it.
finds the debate around the freedom flotillas one of the more complicated ones out there right now.
Couldn't dm you, but if ur interested, I have frosh/soph sts who might b interested n musical taste interviews. Dm me. :)
great, I'm at school now hahah wbu? (:
he says evolution changed his mind.
Maybe I should become a personal trainer...but use my tweets instead of actually physically training someone. YES
“ When a love is true, it wouldn't be broken by problems, weakened by time, or gone by distance” in what world?
Home relaxing.... Getn ready for bed..Thankn god daily for these blessing....
Some kids today need a role model badly
Pain is nothing compared to what it feels like to quit. -Unknown (So true)
you guys all murked that show too!!
SHUT YOUR MOUTH! I was intoxicated by the emotions from our passionate encounter 8===D--- 0:@> (that's a hat)
Aww my baby look pretty! I would tell her but we not talking lol
I am so sorry for your loss. Prayers to you and your family.
Ram fan motto: with u when u win and with with u when u lose our heart doesn't stop rooting on St Lou and our team n goldnblu
At least you didn't draft Pierre Thomas or Jonathan Stewart. Then you would have already done that.
Pictures every day?
Where ever I move to will be my second home
My mom is such a selfish person -_- sacrificing MY sleep for taking care of my dog. He can take care of himself!
I hate wearing make up!!!
Oh okay. Cool.
TVNOW_me thanks for following me on Twitter!
what's that mean
My wife has more followers than I do. No fair, I'm the rockstar!
How was your night mine was wonderful with you by my side, lol (:
#ILeftYouBecause you were a little bitch. Immature. Insecure. Crazy. Clingy. Ugly. Thought you were smarter than me. Waste of my time
In need of a professional website? Contact us for your free consultation to get started today!
Done with Please Touch Museum. Heading to the zoo. Awesome time,so great to see Liam smiling ear to ear, enjoying everything.
In 4 minutes we are hitting at Jazz Dock with my dad... Can't wait!
are you going to be in ANOTHER commercial?
Goodens made shot was so high it went out the top of the frame. Then swish.
protein is so important.
nah I haven't. I'll check it out!
Thanks for the visit!! Our hearts still hurt from Sunday :(
I think you won this one. Ever had the coffee?
I just met up with Angela last Tues for a tweetup with author Steve Farber. I am looking to meet up with her and Mike Sansone soon!
Today we are guided to just be. Check in with your <U+2665>. Check in with your feelings. Don't get attached to your story, start to flow.
ah, saw it with a crowd but their enthusiasm was reflective of my own.
Staged readings! Short commitment, GREAT networking, and you may just find yourself in the next big hit!
Nice work.
you're used to those in your throat
i want the sad music back...
i watched all of your keeks cos i stayed home from school....<U+2665><U+2665>
It's the playoffs a new season, I watch by myself!!!!! Only person I will allow to watch a game w me is my grandpa :) he's on his way
are you back? I want to go see
Happy New Year!!!!
Gotta go to math tutoring :/ Bye guys!
U can make personal changes th@ will give u greater selfconfidence. Don't b afraid 2 pursue unfamiliar grounds. Spend time w/ ur lover 2day
I know he got too many females on him tho
young the giant reminds me of coldplay. and that is why so far, i'm not a fan.
Lois Paul and partners. It's downtown near st street/government center. Where are you? Lets go today!
Lewis Hamilton is a wanker.
the courses themselves didn't look very crowded. Just getting on the course seems to be the hold up.
TGIF! Enjoy your night!!
I wish 50 cent and akon would make some new music
Hello Max. Have a great weekend!
Hey can you check the email I sent you? :)
Thanks a million!!!
are you going to do more on teen wolf? you should! I hope I do!
Snitch on everybody over everything they do
skinny soy? Is that even a thing?
I'm not currently. How do you like it?
Dell has expanded its partnership with Goodwill Industries in the U.S. to another 319 locations. – Texas Tech Pulse, Environmental Leader
Ooh ! I won that here on twitter - a btw lunch box, that shirt, an exclusive usb and an exclusive vinyl which is not shown there
we're twins!
Services divided: In the building, beyond the building and online. KCPL strategic plan.
You can have everything in life that you want if you will just help enough other people to get what they want. - Zig Ziglar
- Attracting drivers who lack their own parking would require ubiquitous charging stations which I think is a non starter.
I can't find my summer skirts. They might be in storage. But then it's not summer yet?!?
Awesome hanging with you and team at the A&E party. Lots of luck with Journey to Planet X.
Please, on a day like this especially... do not let the disgusting negativity out there effect you!
you must run off oil cause you have alotta miles on that ass!
“: Watching "the weight of the nation" on HBO. 2/3 of the US are obese or overweight” Tragic!
Ready to #party!
Closed for bad weather..... Sorry Try to open at 6 pm ciao
Happy Friday! Its the weekend baby!
i am gone in the head.
At the #tbbmore event.
When you are at work and cant watch the Ranger game, Diamond Tweet from is a necessity.
no I don't need to, I've got you.
Id die for ashli mariah wilkey my bestfriend at age 9 my partner in crime/ride or die at 14 my momma bear at age 19.
I spy the Osprey in the lightening-struck pine. She watches the catfish pond, while the black Egret hunts the shoreline.
commercials always make me want to dance and wear skin tight leggings. Then I try them on.
Hello #SAG members! Remember to cast your #SAGawards votes by noon Friday Jan 27! My birthday coincidentally ;)
Aforementioned #tcamp12 panel has impeccable pedigree but don't want to get bogged down in old proprietary software debate. #FLOSS = optimal
Packers are going to make it. I can't speak for specific players though. hahaha.
Shortwave Society fucking killed it at South by Southwest! www.shortwavesociety.com
Man I can't wait till football season
where's my crabcake??
NOTHING READING AN LISTEN TO BTR WBU
We just received our first shipment of Chilean Malbec fruit! Let the Spring Crush begin!
Homeland has 2 golden globes so far!! One of the best shows on TV
i just bought harry potter tickets.
Exclusive makeup giveaway with A-List products is in the works. Stay tuned for details!
Just found out both of my sisters are on twitter. I'll let you know if either of them ever start tweeting. Go back to your normal lives.
lol no she wanted to come home wit us but my mom told her no
not really hahah
OH: "This is like the X-Games of child-rearing." <-- what does that even mean!? Babies doing a bs lipslide varial heel out?
I am movin' and groovin'.... That is, when I'm not sleep-walkin'! Lol
Just discovered that my Pro Club membership (fancy MS-sponsored gym) is still active, 2 months after I left... nice!
thanks bro, congrats to you as well!
Celebrating the history of drink in India
thanks for stopping in Mason. Had fun doing your podcast with today!
I am happy and free!!!!
OMG TIX first row behind catcher #Brewers spring training...I cant wait!
is an IDIOT(:
Thanks for the Rts and mentions!
No problem, great work on the video.
GROUNDHOG DAY: The movie was filmed in Woodstock, IL where Orson Welles attended the Todd School & put on plays with help of M. MacLiammóir
come in social change agent I am sure you gots ideas
Glad I turned it off!
new updates & entries coming this week. sorry it's been so long. this year we are going to be having more regularly added content. promise.
; sometimes a lil' PDA is cute. but, that 50 years old couple romping in the dollar store?
really digging class being taught by librarian about searching dbs and search engines; she's using social networking as a topic
Man. I told those guys I could fill in for Sweeney if needed. I got dimples.
Phone back.!! Sup. Thanks for stealing it Trey
So, #oddneighbor is having a friend stay over and she's calling it a "pajama party". I bet there will be interesting conversations tonight
I miss #beingerica when is it going to be shone in the #USA, #Canada ?
And proud of it. No shame. RT We encourage oxford comma shaming at the (cc )
I would love to exchange info and see if we can develop a referral relationship. Email me at
Finna have movie night by myself
The Ladywife watching The Secret Life Of The American Teenager while we pack. I think she's punishing me.
Awkward moment when you send a dm to the wrong person xD
About body cleansing: "Quieting yourself down.. you may learn what has made you feel empty over the years." Mayleen Utzinger-Wheeler, MA, MD
kirstie would kill me
Think like a man of action and act like a man of thought. Henri Bergson
ya not really
MY NIGGA GOT SOME HEAT COMING FOR THE CITY
Thanks for the follow and for your leadership!
People who live in glass houses should not throw orgies
well, my day has totally gotten away from me....good thing it's quitin time!
If you love life, life will love you back. -Arthur Rubenstien
My day would get better if followed me :/ but i bet he won't :(
Just hit my head so hard while cooking that I'm not hungry anymore.
Just arrived in Lynchburg. Puck drops at eight vs. East Carolina.
beautiful day in NYC.
We cry every time we send these off to a hungry customer's stomach.
nigga paybaccs a bitch, n bitch you been livin on debt with me
thanks and i did
Sidney Poitier: "hope is more powerful than hate" in video at William Douglas dinner
In case you're all wondering, yes- I did get back on Twitter so that I could start building a deeper relationship with
Haha good I'll be looking for one:)!
I saw Molly Shannon today! Words can not express how much happy happy joy joy I felt. She was my teenage idol!! Funny and beautiful!
To: My Boyfriend :)
Yea .. Det. Stabler. I call him gay man cause hes gay. He can never recover from oz n my eyes lol RT lol wth lol
Thanks for all of the kind and encouraging responses, BTW. They're much appreciated. I'm optimistic and eager to start treatment. :-)
#FF Thanks new followers, spread the good word!!
Aw I understand! I'm sure you could come up with something. ;) Is there a certain thing she wears all the time?
Sean Lee too good
wow that rocks!
yay, me too! Let's do it again next Wednesday! :)
Ty for RT earlier, thought u might enjoy that! :)
favorite girl friends turns to crazy baby mothers.
Listening to lecturing on her book body and soul now.
Great! Thanks!
Pittsburgh. Oof! Unless you got to squeak in a Pirates game... Bummer is, I could've been home by car by now.
#thatawkardmomentwhen Jewish and Christian holidays are being celebrated in the same weekend and there's none for you
The #OSU vs #Kansas game will be epic #FinalFour #buckeyes... O-H
Just yelled out my hotel window, "It's my money and I need it NOW!"...nothing.
I also want to thank everyone from WT that sent me texts, tweets, emails and phone calls today. I'm very excited for this new opportunity.
Special thanks to JDL Digital Systems for supporting the Total Security Summit in NYC June 12th.
A smile is all i need to know you're for me.
Jesus is real and will save your soul!
The Windy City .
if reads this i might just passout until next week!!!! HAHAHA #daydreaming <3
Afternoon all how we all doing?
I am impressed by neither the fact that you don't signal nor that you cut in front of me, and no one else is either, asshole.
": Happy cinco de drinko everyone!" I wish :(( have a beergarita for me
Alpha UK Real Est Fd - Director/PDMR Shareholding
If you guys want a good time in Hollywood check out
Just came back from the parade but I am mad at my mom because we had to leave early because it was could But it was not thanks mom
Excuse our excitement. Check out our updates! www.clientrocket.com/rto
RT : Don't forget to hug your dog today! -enough said.
Go as far as you can see, and when you get there you will see farther. Orison Swett Marden
Ass Clown lol DC All Starz
I have to agree with you, great win Raul was clutch!
Great seeing you on set yesterday, !
Looking forward to it.
follow the hottest female rapper out rite now.................NO JOKE
Great people to follow on twitter Happy hump day!
But I'm not a rapper
Is there a such thing as a waste of time?
“: they make perfect sense” no bud, not at all....
Hell to the no, I just bathed, bitches. I am a rose among the thorns.
Are Mets fans really hiding themselves in lunch pails?
Twizzlers are the jealous younger brother of Red Vines.
Thank you so much for the Birthday shoutout!! xoxox
what up Mike? I got your email about the street team: about the posting from Pete Abrams but Im not at that stage yet.
Going to be a great week coming up!!! My cousins are back in town, Q&A on Tues night + I get to hear from some churches!
At the for the 3rd International Mountmakers Forum. Pretty darn delighted to be here!
Late night waffle house hashbrowns!
True story for this owner. RT : #FunFact - 80% of dog owners buy their dog a present for holidays and birthdays.
Wearing what I have on now to school tomoro. Fuck it
Done with all my finals. Mom called me out, I'm on summer break!!!
Apple should be ashamed of its customer service since Steve Jobs died!
Brought me his lunch :)
A snitch nigga that's the shit I don't like!
#FF , I'm always too shy to say hi to her. Ha follow her she's beautiful. :)
Headed to the Berkley Front.
A very kind offer!
Had a blast with my #cbj peeps! #wings lost and #flyers let the #pens feel a bit better going to game 6.
Lucky readers and lucky Brooklyn!
like i said i wouldnt say any thing mean in it cuz your youo to me as if that makes sence
on my last day in office I will sign an executive order raising your taxes whether you like it or not!! that's how!!
Victoria Justice is Adorable :)
Add me on skype Omoyele82 or a.soulless.nigga
You know your tired when your alarm becomes part of your dream!
.. power, money, success, vanity, beauty, fashion, freedom and the unexpected becoming expected....Sofia Fellini
You look so dumb right now.
Good luck!! Give it your all and remember to have fun!
The failures of Parra, Jeffress and Rogers don't help, but those things didn't come out of the blue. They had time to adjust.
They were found in the morning, in the desert, in Santa Fe County: a quietness; a car; a human being's body.
thanks!! I'll definitely keep you in mind :)
Good question. When I'm asleep?
get to sit around till 7:30 for this party. Bout to make some big easy $$. hopefully lol
Who decided blue raspberry was a thing? I've never seen a raspberry that's blue, and blue raspberry tastes nothing like a raspberry.
Your pics look gorgeous! Where in Spain? I'll be in Madrid, Sevilla, Granada, Ronda & Barca next month.
RT : No hables de los rayones de mi auto, es mi punto sensible :( //that is the mark of a hater. Cowards are who we live wit
i beleive so, my problem is that when the clip i want is done processing.. the program is doesn't respond.
Overwhelmed by all of the baby products on the market? Contact us and our baby planners can assist you with a custom registry.
heck! Both of them are.. Look at that gir.
Break a Bon-Bon tonight on your first preview!! Can't wait to see the show.
Avoiding Russian bribes WikiLeak rumors? RT Wh press sec Carney: President will NOT attend #APEC summit in Russia this fall.
YIPPEE YIPPEE YIPPEE GOT MY SHERLOCK ALBUM IN THE POST JUST NOW.. <U+2606>*:.<U+FF61>. o(<U+2267><U+25BD><U+2266>)o .<U+FF61>.:*<U+2606>
You don't judge the truth by a man, you judge a man by the truth!
didn't take the 4 dollar risk. I was hoping someone would let me know.
Shout out to You! RT?
Is there a website to watch MLB games?
Japan looking much more dangerous over the past 7 minutes or so
The cyborg was just the most ready instance of the more general phenomena of actor-networks, assemblages, hybridity.
Tonight we'll be at Boneshakers!!! For the launch party! Don't want to miss our awesome lineup!!!
Thanks for the RT! Hope to see you at one of the parties :)
Everyone going to the St. Patty's parade today, have a blast! Perfect day to be outside...or here getting a massage. Just sayin.
anything specific regarding I should search for?
New student loan debt bubble is increasing/currently outstanding loans= $867 billion/avg debt size exceeds $25,000-source the week magazine
I got faith in my weed woman...
The Black Keys are playing right this moment...AND I AM SITTING ON MY ASS...eh, it's too cold to be at Cochella anyways
lets see and meet this wild side then!!!!! lol
Teamwork makes the dream work!
Sixers caught a case if Hawkitis....
Please subscribe to our YouTube channel to get updated with video blogs! YouTube.com/Alluraemusic
;) Perfect! I Feel Better now! Thanks for punishing me so thoroughly and enjoyably! XOXO
yes RT's count for 200 tweets
Help me, Tom Cruise! Tom Cruise, use your witchcraft to get the fire off me! Help me, Oprah Winfrey!
- t-shirt under the golf shirt
At our last tasting
The only thing I actually find "fun" are proportions. They're my favorite.
It's Wedding Season! Love is in the air!
That is a fine piece of advice that I need to heed these days :)
I just wanna be the person you could be proud of
awesome! Thanks Bill! It's an honor to have you there. Next time, try a bier too. ;)
Blazers needed a closer. Its Jamal.
Didn't make reservations tonight? No worries,nothing says love like double cheeseburger!
I'll be your hero who's standing strong, who protects you from any fight.
Air seats to #Hawaii up 5%. Have you reserved yours?
Girls can do anything . We have power.
will ever produce a story that intervenes with a national or local public movement?
Good Morning to anyone who is up
Top-seeded Arapahoe bounces back from first-round scare to beat Monarch 13-1 in boys lax quarters.
Long as he ate it and liked it, that's what matters! Good job with the subterfuge. :)
thank you for the advice. yes I will, when I am ready! good luck with your bucketlist, sounds like a well accomplished life!
white people can't tell the difference..
Thank you. Don't forget to live deliciously.
Worried that on a poll I made, 5 history teachers of 118 said their textbook was 100% accurate. hope they were joking.
Morning, gorgeous!
Came to the club yea I'm on that fuck shit let them guns blam
Lol RT“: Someone else always wins the girl .”
My stars said I would meet the woman of my dreams tonight.
All of our numbers are our favorites! =)
the house of Tweet. let the party begin.
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY to you all too. Hope to see you soon.
Tony Parker has 16 points and 6 assists and the Spurs lead the Jazz 54-47 at halftime.
Advanced Basement Systems Wins Excellence Award Advanced Basement Systems was recently honored by receiving an excellence award from the
My family informs me of nothing-____-
my nigga say since your friend going at it with her man, bring her ass over too... join the activities haha
Yes. 30 minutes away from me. I'm obligated to go. :D
hahaha! Why did I think you were coming home later than you are?
RT : Ever wonder about those people who spend $2 a piece on those little bottles of Evian water? Spell Evian backward.
Fun Fact: 90% of all fat, white, rude, divorced men that work a manual labor job were popular in high school.
I need some TV Show/Movie recommendations....
she's probably having five guys, and you're making her feel guilt, ha!
why don't you tweet them..
u r so nice nick(:
#TheArtOfPissingPeopleOff Leave the copy machine set to reduce 200%, extra dark, 17 inch paper, 99 copies.
My brand loyalty to is being stretched to the max.
play list for c of c was a lot of killers when you were young. What music is inspiring you?
I love music because it's the only thing that hasn't walked away from me when I needed it most.
Preggers Alyson Hannigan Is Radiant and Ravishing in Red Whoa, baby! How I Met Your Mother actress Alyson Hannigan adorably showed off he
And its time to go home.... So tired I may just through on a hair bonnet and lay down. Clothes on and all.... Its like that sometimes.
“: Bucs signed kicker Connor Barth to a four-year, $13.2 million deal that includes $4 million” what in the world? #goldenleg?
TEXT ME BACK
So great seeing you, ! Thank you for all that you do - you're the best planning editor in the nation!
sometimes dating feels like a mismatched land...guess I'm an argyle sock surrounded by other patterns ;)
my twitter page is lookin G
little secret: the command center is 90% people using #radian6 engagement console from desks at work from home
Peers Name LeBron Top Franchise Cornerstone
lets do it.
sorry, left my account with my cousins <U+200B><U+200B>here
Hello new followers! How are you?
"We have legislated history, history isn't the high water mark for where we're going" Mat Stephens on tonight at 6:30
miss you already! Any updates to inform me of???
The wait is almost over! #BBUK launches next month and will make its debut. Follow and like on Facebook.
did u get my pic???
Jay-Z has global reach, an incredible financial portfolio and there isn't much as an Emcee he "hasn't" done.
The effect of retention-plus policies on HS dropout rates - 1 of the biggest risks of trad'l retention-only policies - is unknown
dude! fuck yeah! thanks so much man, it means the world. So whatsup dude? doing anything fun this weekend?
At the same time as they are making the Hobbit they're letting fans to vote on actors for the Runelords movie.
GLAD you not in the childish mess this season. Stay on the outside and allow the children play on the field.
Maybe needs to scream "HOW CAN YOU BE A MEMBER OF THIS PARTY??" at the Log Cabin Republicans right about now?
I have a class starting next week. I'll be doing assigned readings during the flights to/from
Omg I love bieber
Meet the Below Zero producers tonight to learn their secrets At the Stand Up Comedy Clinic 1213 W Magnolia Blvd. Burbank. 7:30pm.
You're my... Could've been. Should've been. But never was, and never will be...
I mean jimmy isn't even a JUDGE, he just criticizer them.
I remember when being smart qualified one to run for President instead of the other way around.
M....Thursday, you are a breathtakingly gorgeous day! A work hard, get things done sort of day. And I love everything about you!!
Super awesome dinner with the BadAss himself. So full my body doesnt know what to do. Time to shower then bed. No reading tonight...eff.
I saw "Jeff, who lives at home," it was pretty good.
Is there a perfect #beer style for Thursdays? What is it?
And HE was gonna restore fiscal sanity AND traditional families! Snort!
operation buy just dance wii and drink wiine is in full effect.
Re-watching the "Artfully visualizing our humanity" by Still love it.
You all check out my blog website, CrazytilltheEnd.com!
Mixtape in the works....
Happy Monday! Did anyone see any movies that were shot in Pittsburgh this weekend?
This 1601th tweet goes out to Chris Young: the grant is in!
RT We only do three things in life: we sit, we stand, we lie horizontal. The rest is story.
i want to be like one day. She's inspired me more than any other person. She's amazing, she's talented and she can Stay Strong <U+2665>
wow Hawaii! Enjoy! Never been but looks amazing.
life is too short for skunky beer.
Thank you so much for the RT and I hope those PBL links will come in handy!
I'm guessing that Falk's big loss in Dane Cty had lot to do with old grudges, too: Lots of ppl brought up her campaign v. Lautenschlager.
I wanna watch BTR, VicTORIous, How 2 Rock, So Random, Wizards, 2 bad they dont have Miley's show anymore. I need sumthin 2 WATCH!!!
I saw that was going to be on. So cool! Love it.
looks like you're in Seattle now. Ready for snow?
Our hours will be changing in June due to the new laws.... So come in and see us open till 9! $225.00 An ounce Mix and Match!
I agree w/ char. I get the minimalist concept - at first, thought it was a mobi redirect. Seems we're going back in "web time".
i can't wait to see teen wolf and i think jackson is the alpha lol anyway if you agree plz RT
So which knee will it be? Or maybe it was the blue clay, altitude, phase of the moon, misaligned water bottle?
LOL at 's avatar. Russ doin' work.
just for fun :)
RT : Life Is To Short To Waste One Single Second With Someone Who Doesn't Appreciate And Value You.
Are there #UFC fights on this weekend!? Going through serious withdrawals!
What conference?
are you In sav? I will be there next week. Went to SCAD and think I saw u on the street downtown once
fantastico! can you tweet out to some of your peeps who would be interested?
That feeling when things can't get much better.
I'm good just Miss hearing you. Was very concern about you cause your # change too so I couldn't call u. Glad to hear u good
i hope for the sake of the gillette company that no shave november doesn't refer to the ass as well
Good design goes to heaven; bad design goes everywhere. — Mieke Gerritzen
Thank God for Petty Cash!!! Water st on a 40 minute wait for burger night, everybody hustllin', good vibe in the room. Goin' to see my boy.
Beautiful! Loving God with all you are, and then serving mankind. That's the ticket to Paradise.
What if I said it was an "Eddie Money" kind of day? I'm not about to, but what if I did?
do not want to clean. nope. not even a little tiny bit.
FOLLOW and
Listening to live music -Wild Horses love love!
i hate been home alone.....this shizz boarss the heatflash out of me
Any game but the Browns...I want to actually see a good game :)
i know ! so do i , and when he ussed to do blogtv with dylan
People piss me off
Everyone has the right 2 B left alone but nobody has the right 2 demand approval.
I'll be at Outreach for Christ tomorrow morning, singin' it up!!! Come see me! :)
Woke up thinking it was Friday. The worst.
In the process of creating the coolest tees on the web...
Look who got their Twitter figured out! Proud of you!!!
"what do moths eat?"
Know that when the surges of grief are upon you that they will soon pass.
yeah. Pretty chill weekend overall planned. Brunch on Sunday if ya want to join or coffee mon-wed.
if you believe in yourself retweet!
gotta be honest..not feeling it from Bulls tonight.. #Blackhawks on the other hand will be Victorious!!!
Wish this man would not breathe on me
It's National Library Week! Celebrate the contributions of our nation's libraries & librarians and promote library use & support.
Folks, I don't do BranchOut. If we're Facebook/Twitter/Google+ friends, we're already professionally networked.
so trippy mane you can call me juicy ginaaaa
Is your heart taken, is there somebody else on your mind? <U+2665>
make sure you go to my new website alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com and also the main site topnotchescorts.net
That boy has some of the biggest feet I have ever seen.
Advice: What can I do that is exercise'y in Baltimore tonight, but doesn't involve a gym membership, running in the gym, or P90x?
On my way home.
Thurs would be great, still trying to get a ticket... my brother is working there & might be able to find one
You should shave
#molonlabe - I know it is nearly two weeks away. But I might tweet this everyday until 10/15.
Sunshine overhead, I think it's going to be a good day in AZ.
Yes right now, will be back in Florida next month!
you're a witch?!
P.S. I love all of your tweets. Today's fav has to be the kitties in couture :) The horse plasma was pretty interesting too. . .
"make me queasy dont speak no sound, i want you to prove it to me in the nude, addicted to the way you move" lol :p
Many novices on the T with all these graduations. Tip: hold on asap bc you never know when the trolley will move!
Homemade Hot Wings and Fries w/
Someone tweet me ! I'm in history almost dying of boredom!
Day 97 of 100: I am thankful for re-focusing my attention to what is true to me
health was terrible....
what do you say do you support
Congrats to Marcus Davis on his 2nd HBU Athlete of the Week Award last season. He scored 30pts in our only game last week.
with only one confirmed fish, the question is 'how well have you been running this week?'
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. - Henry Ward Beecher
1998- #Apple Computers introduced the
thank u neff:)
Great way to end reg season with win over Purdue!! Nice job Hoosiers!!!
Home sweet Home. <3 He defiantly changed my mood.,
The patio is gorgeous today! Come enjoy the beautiful summer that has finally arrived with a pint of Guinness!!
Show at Crazy Girls in Hollywood tomorrow 10 PM with KISS touring band BAD CITY!
everyone had someone else Gotti had Tech 9
It's good to know LoFaso still thinks of me. Thankful for that.
moisturizer then primer!!:)
UVA versus Virginia Tech is a 'thing'
lol yeah , but nope i didn't have or favorite cereal today you lucky you did . & i miss you too it's been a while
if you're not smiling for your #phoneinterview, maybe it's not the right job for you:)
MY TURN MY TURN!!! Wink
RIGHT?! Enjoyed one 2 weeks ago. RT : It doesn't matter how old you are. The car wash is still a blast.
What God has for you is for you.....stop worrying about what the next got and keep your eyes on what God is trying to give you...
Dear ramen noodles, I owe you my life. Sincerely, a hungry woman.
love a good disclaimer - like a parental warning "what you're about to see may not be appropriate..."
Sitting and waiting. Waiting and sitting.
thanks a bunch. :D
Chilling with my sis , although she keeps falling asleep on me!!
; pssh yeah. I remember the weirdest junk. :p
Playing Lincoln tonight? Amazing stadium for a high school. PA plays in the bathroom even.... Ha
WOW! Anyone see this week's despicable Newsweek cover? The disrespect for President Obama is STUNNING!
#LatinNight 2nite! #sexy #FB S/O DJ Ratatan for putting it together!!!!!
Not near a TV but have a radio turned up RT : Who is still watching!?
I swear this song said.. "I dare you to moan..." xD
Sitting upside down
RT : LM: #Bears select Nevada Reno CB Isaiah Frey in sixth round of draft.
Pullin up to Tri-Cities High school prom w/ performing tonight! #YMMG TURN UP!!!!"
...& the highlight of my day would be changing the chlorine in the pool, watch ppl cut their grass, & talking to my pet parakeet!
Berniece Bennett Park was a ghost town...Russell Ranch Park was not a park at all bt there was a cemetery next door!! Headed to Northridge..
Friends are people who are there when no one else is
Me & gonna get toasted 2nite
WE ALL SELF-CONSCIOUS IM JUST THE FIRST TO ADMIT IT!!
Want to be involved in the Fringe or 24 Hour festival? Have questions? Come to the meeting 6:30pm at the Black Box.
That "probably" won't put any nerves at ease.
PAH! RT : Lol I promise I don't drive like a bat out of hell all the time!!!!
please follow me I went to the Arizona NRG project and I live in Florida!<3love ICONicBoyz
you're welcome, Daisy!
Takekawa: We take cue from how people want their stories to be told.
Its been a ridiculous week/end of "its a small world" connections...must be the
I miss you. Bring me some cookies?
1988 all over again. RT Maybe we just shouldn't nominate a candidate
i want to be on ohtens websites.
Welp. I'mma stop telling boob jokes.
Time for bed!
Haha I'm about to go in OB!! gotta put a bunch of samples and sounds in for next weeks show...POOF!!!!
lol right The cabin better be safe!Tomorrow we should make invatations and tell 8A And idk what 2 do for my b-day
Going whale watching!!!!
hope all is well on your side! wishing you a beautiful day full of love and light! xoxo
I probably jam out to songs 7191519538 times a day ;)
Merci ! Mothers Day + = the perfect Sunday.
Aww, sad to hear abt the teasing/bullying. Don't know if u did this, but I was a people-pleaser when young.
haha oh cool I'm 15 too (: & I see you LOVE Sports! Lol I play volleyball..
It's much easier to keep a smile when you're ignoring reality.
Not there explicitly, but it's a recurring theme. If I even say a man's name in passing, someone pulls me aside wishing me luck.
If I hear one more lie today I'm blowing someone's head off
Wish I had some tequila
Preach! RT “: If your church pastor is telling you to sit out the 2012 election, you need to find another church.”
If dubstep doesn't make you horny, get better speakers.
Sounds like a fun Sunday to us!
They were, everyone was really prepared and great!! Plus the show was really fun!! I had a blast.
RT RT When I run, I cut corners because I'm a fearless bitch ;)
why do you hate the children?
thank you!! that's a great idea
I think Santorum wins by 3 or 4 tonight & Romney/Paul fight for 2nd. Among his many problems, Romney's growing lead in NH hurt him in Iowa.
Hey! Hope all is well with you. Thank you for the #WW. Cheers!
God bless him, will be in my prayers as well.
Amazing thanks for asking! How about your's?!
Jesus Christ, Mark...
apart from the 'UUUOOOOOHHHH OH'.
on the phone, with #oomf. >>>> night is MADE.
have a good time out there sis. I'm staying put this year.
Looking forward to the Chargers/Kings match!
Lawyers Lost Contact with George Zimmerman. Legal Team Resigning
Saw so many familiar faces at last night! Thanks !
On our way to the playoff game :)
depend if ur hungry
Really wish the "Occupy" movement would refine it's message & become better organized. Too many companies not being held accountable!
Testing herring recipes is really not the best way to start the day.
that's Friday night u need to check your ticket!!
Dude, IN N OUT is the best! How was your first?
Waiting on word to interview Queen Latifah for EqualityTV. Very excited to be at the forefront of creating a whole new world through media!
RT : Q3)leave "them" alone and look at results? #realwplearn <Have seen this result in lowest common denominator more than once
Sometimes, there are even chickens in the backyard & I have to shoo them away before peeps come to look at the house. LOL
Don't get pissed off when your neighbor has loud music on at 2 am. Call him up at 4 am and tell him how much you loved it
I hate when I pull my retainer out. It must be an attractive sight to see.
my dad was being so fuckin difficult about my fuckin project
God bless our wonderful President! We are so fortunate to have this man! the Clinton PBS special shows just how well Obama is doing
go to bed
absolutely. Wealth is great! (Indeed, I'm trying to get some of it myself.) It's just that he's a mystery otherwise.
I'm jealous cuz! I wanted to have a derby party but just can't happen. One of these days gonna come down there for the derby.
yes I have
I was just wondering which Web 2.0 Summit luncheon to RSVP to, as well! Innovation luncheon should be very cool!!
I have no idea.. Let's get everything by Friday.. Or before you guys roll through my place.
Haha agreed. I think I will start treating it as such from now on.
COMING May 1, 2012! The brand new album by OUTLAW NATION entitled HISTORICALLYCURRENTBYTHEPAST.
I bought it and every song is crazy amazing
she be creepin..
I havent tweeted you in FOREVER... I love you! :)
shout out to you for the co-sign! keep it locked on The Pulse!! stream live @ power983fm.com
clutching a print book?
Top 3 things a real man should never eat in public: 3. Ice cream cone with sprinkles 2. A corn dog 1. A blow pop :) haha love morning radio!
have you become a NYC fix gear guy?
Bald headed ugly ass little girl , always staring at somebody
You may be receiving a call about #FAFDET from Michigan Radio in the near future... They heard you were addicted!
Split roots.
well that ruined everything.
haha why shame? Backstreets back, alright! :)
Customer Service is currently taking calls, but is there something we can help with?
so tomorrow I'm really going vegan. and i want five guys tonight. i'll be up around 7. dinner with me?
So many people are quick to comment but don't take the time to examine the facts...why is that? An opinion is not a fact!
To the Mom in NH-ask Gov Perry yourself!! Don't put your child up to it! How #cowardly can one be??
Wow, Larry Johnson cut by KC!
thanks, we look forward to having you. Will definitely read your report
Good Morning!
Sorry, just saw this. Keith if you are interested, get in touch. My email = twitter user name at gmail. Thanks !
GOAL! Timbers defender Eric Brunner scores in 43rd minute. Up 1-0 over Chivas USA!
little bro swear he nice in 2k
This article is not going to write itself.. (sighs)
you're right ya'll truly do.. But at the same time no.
When my dad calls me after not talking to him in awhile >>>
Hey! You gonna be around for Spring Break?
Hi...1:37 pst...just got back in & noticed that my phone didn't get a couple of your posts...like this one. Ordered ribs, ...
so... get off
oh vincent....
my taco avi gorgeous! :)
Thanks! Made that up in 2009 & put on a shirt in my online shop. In Dec 2011, Kidd Kraddick got 1 & put link on his Facebook...
Give thanks for all the LOVE all the time, IM glad you like it homey, that was a tuff one LOL
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when dudes forget to wear their #LiftKits ;)
It's nearly December! Super time for a sit down with a nice cuppa and a book. Tell me: who is your new favorite author? Discovered in 2011.
that's how I feel about FB! O.o
Just smile and get through the dance. You can die when it's over.
Why couldn't the #redsox score at least 1 of those runs so I can go to bed?
Headed to the Warehouse with for UFC 129
Thanks Todd- Love your tweets. Did you have a chance to see how we are trying to empower patients to help one another? thoughts?
I'd pay $20 or more for a Stripe add-on for if it means not having to use PayPal. clients having issues paying makes me look bad
cuz they are yummy !
My tweets to real to bad I steal them all ;)
Still waiting on my get well tweet from
Good mornin, on this day we become legendary
I was in the shower...?! I forgot he was in Miami so he's in a different timezone.)'''':
Great-grandpa then?
hey there!
Be sure to keep up with Poised Creation for great future events!
Please pray for a speedy recovery for my youngest son Martez who was rushed to Children's hospital ER. We must cherish life
#itshardwhen you have to guard the #mavs Dirk Nowitski - incredible shooting tonight
Happy International Jazz Day!
People that suddenly ignore me and avert their eye make me nervous- like they know something I should know- Like I'm going to be sacked.
Work was a bitch all I wanna do is sleep!!
An amazingly good write-up! Thanks for it. Those are the very reliefs I was referring to. I'll use the info.
I'm with you....we should turn it into a SxSW event.
Nevermind I got it!
To lead a more meaningful, purposeful life, you can start by overcoming victimhood and getting in touch with your feelings.
When we let go of our grip on happiness and find it in our life right now, we will recognize what real, in-the-moment happiness looks like.
oh jezz 11:24pm i should let u work i just cant say those words
Thanks for the #autism iPad app info.
I'm good man. We need to wrap when you get some free time
Findings: 3 types of service model. DH centers (1 of kind), Dig. Res & Pub services (1st of kind), dig of lib. col.
I know, but you know me... I can't wait!
Hey Tia...hope we can reconnect soon abt Anthony's interview :-)
I can't stand alone at home, my girls are commin .. Private 4 am party, what else ?
#Cincinnati #Reds on the radio, listening to the sounds of Marty and the Cowboy. A good day at the shop indeed.
sneak down to for some RNR . Drop a Grand at 9:30 Waiting for Signal at 10:15 Traindodge at 11
For the next 5 hours swing by Rockabillies Bar and get the deal shown here: FREE DRINK Service Industry Sunday
“: I don't like bosh but we really need him” haha damn homie
I love you too friend <3
Join us in reading "High on the Hog: A Culinary Journey from Africa to America" by Jessica Harris. Bartram Book Club Chat & Potluck Feb. 25
they still serving the stone?
Scan, sort, and report - that's what The Neat Company does for its clients.
that's just what a spy would say.
#fresnodld too funny. they still don't do FB? what about myspace?
for what was correct all along. As far as the fans are concerned, Stewart is as of right now CC's personal catcher, whether
O, isnt that sweet - hope u guys had fun - best of luck with the new gig AS!
Good luck!
There is always that one person that pisses you off no matter what they say or do!
but i like Austin more hehe:) my babbyy.<33
Enjoying time with family. Off to providence this evening for
What are your thoughts on Bank of America charging a $5 monthly fee for debit card use? This is to begin at the first of the year.
Thanks for the RT, James.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give. Sir Winston Churchill
lol don't those statements contradict...a lady would have not fucked with him right? Lol :-)
also u can always visit haaretz :-)
its a damn song
What is your largest disappointment pick so far for fantasy football?
W32Time. No Comment.
Thanks you very much Brandie! We really appreciate it. Can you help? Let everyone you know, know. Thanks!
#youmightbeanautismparentif you go to a pet store and your child tells everyone about every type of fish they carry.
Yes sir I just got your authorization. Sorry we aren't set up to do appointments online.I'll private message you for time.
Melo! RT : Paul Pierce or Carmelo Anthony last shot?? I'm taking "The Truth" my opinion tho
its official I retired from the township lol
RT clayton is the fukkn boonies!!!
i'm sorry, i suck at twitter.
probably going home in 15 minutes after I check out this mac someone wants to sell me.
I'm bored
Out at the PIC MTV Video Music Awards after party in Hollywood! Photos to follow :)
Welcome to the club.
I Wonder who Finnick Odair is going to be, he has to be like insanely Hot<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
i also make magic with the piano.
Happy Belated to . Very hung over today thanks to our adventures last night on 14th Street.
nice pic!! Love u & Ali so much<U+2764> it would mean soo much if u followed me on instagram -pibkglitter758! I love all ur pics!
I Don't Really Care to try and be happy anymore.
Boom two more RBIs.
News anchor after my own heart.
I'm Sorry But Lady Lusherr's Voice Is Fuckery.
What is grey and hairy and lives on a man's face? A mousetache.
You are most welcome.
In case you missed it last night, board denied $1.3M in legal fees to current, former officials in DA investigation.
I guess having a US education has its perks
Back from super fun 4 day weekend! Time to get the workout done...muscles baby...No yucky flab! Hope everyone is having a great week! =))
Are you planning on attending the networking 6-8 tonight? I'll look for you.
aww you two are cute!
rogers where u at fam u in LA?
If you know anywhere I can win free #MuppetMovie tickets, don't hesitate to enter my name a few thousand times
I have a dentist appointment tomorrow.. ugh
Oh, sadness! My husband trusts all my book recommendations. He's a total twihard.
Wasting your resources on materials solely for the gratification of others is not the conscience of the young, but the stupid.
Thanks to all the #ASTD2012 attendees and clients that came to visit the booth!
Damn. Well played sirs.
At minimum he needs to not BE the reason they lose the big games.
happy friday to all.
De Croft Womens Fuchsia Exclamation T-Shirt
Preston Elliot hanging out here at Wawa Welcome America Hoagie Day
I love going to bed at 2 and having to wake up at 5
Merchandise Mart, gas station at Ontario/LaSalle, gas station at Wells/Chicago to name a few.
Eating homemade guacamole...not cause its Cinco de Mayo, just because. Guac isn't fattening is it? hm Ok, so the chips are...
good, txs. My DH is out of town, so pretty low key. He's going to be back soon and that's the best mother's day present!
matt kearney hey mama
God is Good, Baby!
Follow Ian Harding :)
hands down, you the best, aint no competition.
Done. & no harm done.
Senior night tomorrow night! What're your favorite memories of the seniors Darius Miller and Eloy Vargas? Let's be positive comments please!
wyd tonight? c:
eye am the great
i Pre-Ordered it yesterday:D <33
that just means we're awesome. :)
Got a show tomorrow at West mifflin highschool!!! tickets are $8 message me if you wanna go!
I agree. The chance of a conspiracy being exposed grows exponentially to the number of people involved.
Coffee flavored pizza, or pizza flavored coffee, for breakfast?
Firefighters tell a yacht fire at Fisherman's terminal in Seattle may burn for DAYS! He just spoke w/ yacht owner.
Well they can take the risk with Youk if Boston eats a chunk of Youk's deal. They're getting nothing out at third anyways, so why not?
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 39
Just getting home from church!! Can we say, Amazing!!!
Fun fact: I have severe social anxiety, and I'm always really awkward and nervous in groups I people I don't know. Crowds scare me.
When u coming to town man
Wendy Chun is amazing.
After one of the hardest week of my life,going back home.
How To Speed Up, Clean Up And Revive Your Windows PC
Shhh! Don't tell anyone...I haven't even got out of my jams! ;P
So we already know 5 out of 11 kickoff times for MSU games this fall..nice
Wait a patty flipping second..I HAVE A SON???
Ah True Player Foreal Aint No Fun Less We All Get Some Lmaoooo!
GAME WINNING SACK MOTHERFUCKER!!!!!
kony 2012... OKAY! WE GET IT.
I love that he cares about me so much! Hes amazin!
omg xD haha no worries, I'm not a delusional teen like a majority of them are. I'm somewhat normal. Er, weird. Normal weird? .-.
National Media loves to consistently make blanket statements about FSU's "last decade". Lacking perspective on a monumental scale.
yay! arnt i so cool now!
dude I'm going to get in trouble.
#JeffreeStar Should I watch the Prom Night video? I haven't yet.
About to hit up some PHO.. What a day
Waiting for SOUP.... Blodwyn needs to get back!
Miami People Are you Looking For The Best Salon,Barbershop,Spa. in Miami ? The Shave Barbershop is The Best in Miami 1114 Normandy Dr 33141
But maybe middle class means your parents stop paying your rent so they can buy a vacation home. I must have missed that memo.
Any new news? RT : Columbia Public Schools confirming a lock-down at Grant Elementary School.
i was going thru my phone '& found a # in my contacts that made me sad, rip .
I guess Paulo loves Chris Brown now lol
Blake lively??
We need re-branding. Green/sustainable should = cheap. Walmart CEO at ARPA-E summit made this point.
Thanks for the kudos! Cheers!
RT : DORROUGH DAY ONLY MENT NICK TREY'S PAYDAY!!!... CLUB EMPIRE TONIGHT!!!...
FAITH is everything
RT : "You don't have to be an accredited gambler to lose $5000 in Vegas but you can't invest $5000 in Facebook."
Oh nice!
Yea! discussing the difficulties btn multiple personas and usability at #SXsso biggest problem is that we evolve and change
The dog we adopted is named Aleena. We were calling her Leena until a friend said, "Like Lena ?" Oh HELL No! Time for a new name.
": If you get someone's name tattooed on yourself, you're dumb . If you get YOLO tattooed on yourself, you're dumber ."
I swear, you and I share a mind. I was thinking the same thing when I saw that story. Haha
Damn. Saturday is Cinco de Mayo AND National Homebrew Day! If I make it 'til Sunday, then I'll know I'm not dead.
Don't dread it...you'll feel awesome after. Embrace the experience of doing something you've never done. Be fascinated.
I look down at my phone and everytime I look up the same lady is staring a hole in my face lol.
im tired
well it's coming. :) we could use your support. :)
Love days when I don't leave the couch and go to bed in the pjs I wore all day.
everyone go follow . he only needs 8 more followers until 300. i wont stop tweeting until he gets there. 8
OK IM NOT TIRED ANYMORE. GOOD MORNING PPLS!!!!!!!!
Lots to do today. Surgical with the to do list today. Precision. Focus. Humility. Let's get it.
need a hype man? Cuz I got this
I like the 3rd one
I have a feeling I'm going to get really really wet today ;)
be legendary!
don't theyake talking dolls for kids called ferpes?
we out?
After this last message it's sleep time, shit blowin
Looking for items to give away to members/donors (i.e. - gift certificates). Does anyone have any connections?
Franklin takes it to the hoop and gets fouled! He misses the FT and the #Aztecs hold an 80-77 lead with 2:50 left.
opposite of blue eyes syndrome for day games
Congrats! RT : Just finished my 2nd 5k in my new shoes from they are perfect. Thanks so much
<U+2665><U+2665>Just got out of church... At a friends house getttin some pancakes I love Pancakes... Yummy *drools* XD<U+2665><U+2665>
I watched the movie Bellflower last night. It came poorly recommended... I liked it. Unique and artsy.
Looking into DRM for PDFs - trying to make it work with PDF reader already on user's box- i.e. no special dl - advice?
it's a conspiracy
I'm interested too!
#20ThingsAboutMe 1.) I have no self confidence.
no, thats my daughter and her husband. They follow them all over the US!!
... My coworker thinks it's a bootleg - I told her that's not the case anymore, but she doesn't believe me.
Finally on my way home got a million things to do for tonight
#Desire is the key to motivation, but it's the #determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal
Roll &#39;em! Family Film Making Workshop the perfect place for families to bond and make memories
lol how's it coming
...Finally a magical unicorn will visit you. Merry Christmas
#followmetallon Happy Valentines Day!!!!!
add Indiana university to your
STUPID SWAG LIKE PARIS HILTON
What a great day, love my family and friends. Got me lookin forward to the new year...feeling some big things bout to happen!
Head hurts :/ I think to much .
"You better be glad I have Jesus"
Ahead on Fox59 Morning News in 3 minutes -- Get Out! with #Nuvo -- fun things to do in #Indy this weekend!
One of the best things on tv ever! Bring Back Ringer
If a #classroom #assignment does not have place in a #binder it is more likely to be lost.
Amsterdam preferably.
ok bitch don't get crazy
SECOND SATURDAY. another chance see the downtown arts community, starts tonight at 6, ends at 9
success is the best revenge
Is there a playlist anywhere?
lol!! Then after you have been looking for like 30min it just magically shows back up in the same place you just checked!
YEAH YEAH YEAH!! #happybirthdaychrisbrown !! i love you
I challenge tweeters to use semicolons, and use them grammatically correct, in your tweets from time to time.
Hate it when I realize at the last second I have unfinished HW due, right now. Oh the trials and tribulations of
Yes, but he was in Germany doing exactly what he would have been doing in another country.
Our thoughts exactly ;) RT : Thank goodness for cheese, salumi and crackers!!
Gangland is such an addictive show; morbid curiosity I guess.
Finally made it outside. Another seriously gorgeous day in Dallas. Looking forward to window shopping and just enjoying the day!!
Congrats. Now go get your red on
nice. They updated the article.
Just listened to my am Zig Ziglar daily - "Formal education will earn you a career, self-education will earn U a fortune". <-- YUP:)
If you Kanye me again , i'll Chris brown your ass , OJ your dog , britney spears your head , and tiger woods your mom!
I tip my forty to all the laid-off hommies at KGW.
Already.. When you back at the krib though?
I don't even know what that means. No one knows what it means but it's provocative. No it's not. It gets the people going.
I'm signed up to be a zombie in the Pittsburgh one this fall. Can't wait.
I be over shit
Would be interested to hear some case studies of successful mobile ad campaigns.
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is such a dirty movie, haha
fantastic finalle what will Regina do? O boy! Sad about the hiatus. Can't wait for more
Just look at me the way u look at her hold me the way I want kiss me like I've always dreamed be my flight be my love be my everything <3
Just hopped out the <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080>!!! Playing some <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7> and calling it a night! Goodnight everyone!!! Sweet dreams <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
You ever go to make fun of one stranger to another stranger only to discover that the second guy is even weirder? Fuck i hate taking the bus
hey I heard you was a wild one
What is your favorite use of social media (Facebook, Twitter etc)?
best thing I've heard about Feb 14th? If Xmas can overrun thanksgiving & even Halloween, why can't St. Pat's over run this Hallmark Holiday?
This is the last full week of school. Thank god.
#UwSocial also leverages more than 400K living alumni.
Hello everyone how are ya been doing lately?
He Text Way Too Slow For Me
can u call me, but i saw that convo go dne
Just got back from #newyork helping my mom pack up her house. After 47 years there were tons of memories and countless trash bags
Dislike RT someone stash that photo next to prego Jessica Simpson...we'll take a vote at the end of the year
#400degreez album for the rest of the night
could you please follow me I had been your fan seen you where in 4 your first time.
Didn't check my email, walked to class, class canceled.
Barnes & Noble to Unveil Nook Color 2 Nov. 7?
Falling in love with being a producer :) Still not thrilled about writing but I'll deal :)
Decisions decisions!
Get it?
cant #BELIEVE its been 5 years! #NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!! #AMAZING! 2
At Product Launch: wow. Dropbox Sweetness users! Thank you for document viewer!
S/O To My Haters!! I Will Never Fall No Matter How Hard You Pray Cause I Am A Living Legend And When Im Gone I'll Be A Reborn Superstar!
whatever just have yo a lil ass there!
y do i get the weirdest feeling that she was talking to me? RT: I like yo face!"
Testing, testing.... Twitter are you still goofed up?
yeah, only 30 hours to go to reach a deal. C'mon NFL... don't do this now... when KC is looking so strong!!!
Joffrey is the opposite of Justin Bieber in Westeros.
Crying like a big baby!
practiced with all 3 bands i'm in this week and played a show tonight with soulfly. also have a show next saturday in akron. i hate music
Fox should sign off their broadcasts with "I am Mitt Romney and I approve this broadcast"
MT 10 arrests so far at #occupyseattle, cops are giving remaining 3 tents a chance to "relax" before continuing.
You should try Atlanta!
Dance, dance, dance, dance, dancing in the dark. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0086>
I can be such an asshole lol
I can't stop thinking bout Tyrese chin ring tho.... Lmfao
well yes darlng...its gonaa be funni and im sure plenty people will watch cuz they wanna see the local college foolishness
Bitch I'm single, I do what I want
That situation is a good reminder for me to generally be patient and courteous on the road. Can't we all just get along?
Did you get it??
: Sure! Come see me 3/3 at , will be donating & demo-ing for Whole Planet Foundation.
You're welcome Cecy!!
mi Valentine<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Day one of vacation or our staycation got a sample of paint to try in the master bath. Living wild.
Yeaa(: BUT when he comes i will make sure to kidnapp you so you can come with me!!!
Haven't had time to really get into it, but it looks legit. Or at least an unpolished early version.
hope the Nuggets can pull it off.
Bucks winners of six in a row. Didn't think that would happen this season w/o Bogut as an anchor.
So some kid was being stupid and was like "hey beautiful im sorry, i love you" so i told him to shut up in spanish. Immature people... Sigh
exactly! :p
Thanks for following !
Thruve goy the land; that's the incentive.
I think . He is just precious. But is gorgeous.
#GetAustinToPhilly I Need To Meet My Husband<3
For the first time in weeks, excited to go home and finish my projects. I haven't worked with my hands nice and proper lately.
Tweeting like crazy for all day, presenters and attendees, I am paying attention!
Going to the movies tonight with my bestfriend !
Enrico goodies have now arrived
#SheWantsTheDick if u show up n she in the shower.
3/24 Ladies come Party w/ at Wet Republic pool tomorrow! VIP ladies Guest list txt 702.882.4982
Consistancy and Perseverance !..
Nightline is starting on a sad note.
does SCOTUS line of questioning correlate to decisions?
They are watching, Even if they act like they are not!
Wide diversification is only required when investors do not understand what they are doing. Warren Buffett
Firefighter friend: "We've heard of shootings and stabbings on the blueline"
- shooting again with my favorite celebrity and supermodel: and makeup artist
soft pretzel bagels - where have you been all my life?!
follow our girl she's a supporter and a straight diva, just like you :)
yeps its in my nook
Thanks for the adds to all my new followers may your day be filled with success and greatness!!
lol. the tribe has spoken, you are the weakest link, k bye! (;
i called you for the homeworkk !
Confirmed: Verizon Charging $2 Fee for Paying Bills Online or By Phone
Inflatables at church tonight! Ahh, So fun!
Guess where I'm going to wake up tomorrow?!? I don't know! It could be anywhere!
#1GirlTour Tickets go on sale 2morrow 4 NYC. My clock is set for 2am, ik ik it goes on sale at 10am but I'm GETTING THOSE TICKETS #WebCr ...
I fuck wit sessions but why is he takin the last shot?
I'm so excited you used the hashtag!!
Today is NATIONAL EAT ANYTHING YOU WANT DAY...Thank goodness for Gourme Mist...
Katie and I are going to get lunch!
I'm pretty sure I recall her telling us we were annoying her lol
So weird I've never noticed! Never go down the Wabash side I guess. Awesomeness!!
Due to the YAA, this will be the FIRST Sunday I have not Lawn Bowled in almost a year. I am so glad that I discovered this game 2 years ago
I'm deadass
Hello! How are you?
million dollar idea.$$$.."can someone please invent iPhone earbud GPS locator"
When makes a weird hand movement before waving to you
No problem! We thought they were some good tips to start off the week! :-)
Some people should be barred from using the internet...read the comments, it's complete madness!
She's HOT. Can you slip her my cell? #JustAskin RT : Very happy for Jason and Ellie Day! I did her makeup for her wedding
Ur So Beautiful I'm 13 2 I Love Ur Acting And Iv Seen Ur Interviews Ur A Sweet Girl Can We Please Be Friends Reply Please.
The most underrated player in #NCAAF !!
RT :Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.-Sir Winston Churchill
Come On! Lets Go White Sox!!!
Lmao keep pushing it, see what happens :p
Kathleen and I spent the day the Boston MFA to see the wonderful Chihuly exhibition. The displays and Chihuly's sculptures were exquisite.
You understand that right
Went to Outback last nite.I had the rawest steak ever.It was delicious.Goin to Noah Jones this week!
Thanks! Did you send a resume?
smart gal! I'm here already...thinking I will head down there early to tempt my taste buds :)
I just did girl
You shut your piehole, Tom.
Which one, afternoon session? Never fear. RT RyanD drat, waitlisted!
Looking forward to it! RT : #uficapetown just kicking off, some good topics over the next two days!
It's #nippy outside! Yikes!
Adda dash of lemon to your frozen peas to bring out the bright hue!
Grand opening today. It starts at 2pm
You are FIERCE girl!
Currency online = value, not marketing --
Thanks for following!
is so pretty omg c":
RT : 17% of Americans get no news every day. Strangely, that’s the same percentage who read a newspaper every day:...
DM us your email and we'll get the invite out asap. Thanks!
that last tweet was for and the #BaconTuesday cooks!
Probably true---the biggest game changer would have to be if Dumanis bows out---the numbers would narrow.
And yet ownership is more worried about their fucking sellout streak than anything else.
the song is good, but I was talking about the movie. It's on TV right now
hahaha the commercial? I think we did that 3 or 4 years ago and it still keeps popping up!
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME!! MISS YOU COURTNEY.. COME HANG OUT SOMETIME..
Catch three of our FPAC Festival Co-Directors talking about FPAC 20 on Kababayan LA (channel 18) today at 4:30pm!
YES!! And did you see in a few music vid concepts?? I want them to do a song together! haha:D
So I guess me and Ashley have to take a trip to dominos our self -__-
Mt. Airyites, get a yummy burger from at the CH Growers Mkt. (G'town & Winston) then go over to Mt. Airy Day!
MY NEXT STEP GONE BE DAT BIG STEP...SO LOOKING OVER YU NIGHA'S...
*SPECIALS TODAY ONLY* $9.99 Instant Tans; 75% off Selected Lotion; Buy a $50 Gift Card for a Friend and receive 3 FREE tans of your choice!
rack city bitch
How will people survive if the USA Govt goes broke?
LL Cool J. My night is complete.
I'm trying to come up with a list of tei text collections served from eXist: anybody working on/familiar with projects like this?
Been voting for 2 hours ... supporting you guys all the way :D
I rather fuck on tha first nite! I fall in love wit pussy not u bytches! Get it?
You know. RT : Pump this shit, like they do in the future!
loling at your tweet
No, just got an email from the Port's media-relations person. They haven't gotten to that agenda item yet.
So there is 3d and real 3d. Ah. Who gives a shit.
Sorry I'm such a creep.
The longer you keep stuff in the worse it gets
lol i got you a link instead haha. check fb
Today is exercise all day... Day
- Yes. The good news is if it's mint gum, you get mint chocolate chip.
hahahaahah fuck you, steven! one time!!! lol stop being a hater.
Buy A Tumbled Stone on 5/14 -email with the purchase code & get a link for lots of free stuff!...
They told me never fall in love, It never works out in your favor. You're way too young and right now that's just human nature.
RT Volstad optioned to Iowa. Lalli recalled to fill catcher void.
Hey Whitney! If you could meet any bearded person from history, who would that person be?
Sometimes you just have to go buy yourself some new lingerie for no reason at all.
When all else fails... blame your childhood.
PRIVATE EVENT TODAY AND ROUTE .
New topic - any updates on OM-D availability from B&H?
There goes my VACATION:( bo
Bonding with my family is always a trip.
pretty good (: how about you ?
LA Angels are second highest payroll for #MLB in 2012. Clearly someone hasn't watched Brad Pitt in "Moneyball."
It's going to be cohesive.
this dude has 3 sbarro singles boxes opened before him & he's taking a bite out of each slice in line typewriter style. suspicious activity!
Looking for someone who can pump up your small business marketing? #Follow for great tips!
those are special #secret new songs just for u
can't argue there
bout to cry
Go PUCK & #GoPuckYourself are trending!! Lmfao!! X"D
Heading to work. Catch ya on the flip side at 3am! #overtime again
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another
see you in the back channel today RT : Coffee in hand, logged online. Now ready for #smbmad this morning
See some real return on your advertising & sponsorship $$ with our QR code t-shirts!! We know what we're doing.
& if you dont know the situation / STAY THE FUCK OUT MY MENTIONS ! & dont follow me either !!!!
Gosh I'm sooooooooooooooOoooooooO0ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooOoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo jealous of Alfredo!! *le cries like a bitch*
ProjectX. Go see it, entertaining. Made me real sad I'm not in high school anymore though
I am determined not to #oversleep this morning 630am I will be up and at it ....
Thank you sir!!!
broke off that lazy Sunday and went to yoga
this #io12 ticket purchase is way too suspenseful...
And it starts all over again <3
I wish my room smelled like fresh rain and hot coffee.
RT <3 #ff because she's there through thick and thin, my girly ! <U+2665>
Research has shown that most Americans exprience chronic acidosis related to the foods we eat and beverages we drink.
You can't get sex, shut up.
I'm already pissed at this game
If ur gonna be bitch & fuckin tell on me atleast have the balls to tell me before u go & be fuckin snitch,ok huh?:))
Good job smith from the #Coyotes way to knock out the #Blackhawks .congrats on your first round #nhlplayoffs win! But.still..#gopanthers !
Kellie, this time he blogged artificial, soulless, hectic, and unreal
make a mrloganator101 bracelet because I WANT ONE.
thank you lovely. sadly i have to get all this work done. ah brain is about to explode.
Apparently not 2day. It's Easter attire. RT : When's jumping on suit vest bandwagon?
Ill hold it ;)
is asking everyone to check out www.timothylucero.com
And Greg Holland is the Royals player to get meltdown honors tonight.
following you :)
It's a leap year. Don't stand on top of any tall buildings.
*waves* RT : We love having our very own Michele Mitchell in Canada this week screening our #Haiti film.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 349
Turned DOWN Sushi for Pizza.. Aw Maybe NEXT time..
Need somebody that can roll asap
you know, we've been talking about basically the same thing for about 3 years now..
separating my nyquil dreams from real life is relieving #iWillAlwaysLove you Whitney
Correct to slam #Penguins, but hair pull wasn't Crosby on Giroux; it was Adams on Hartnell. Pre-rant #factcheck is advisable!
ERROR: SOCIAL MEDIA OVERLOAD - SYMPATHY NOT FOUND
For 's B-day, he's raising $ for the Will you give $5 to help reach his goal? bit.ly/Trev13
Crowd of "designated cheerers" on S. Bayshore celebrate every runner. Wish they would mix up their cheers. Every one the same. Boring!!
I KNOW you had "family first" beat into you growing up.
Just doing what I can my friend ;)
i respect it, but it's difficult for me to appreciate religion when it causes so many problems in the world.
RT : Quietly waiting for Russ West outfit <- THAT
if you haven't listened to Lana Del Rey's album you should
yeah, they have no clue what to play though. So I had to try to get some song names for them
I was just mad that so many people have already seen Avengers I wanted to see something first, too.
happy mother's day to all!!
Keep the tweets coming FAZZT & furious! :) RT : Does it matter how FAZZT we reply?
yes omg. I'm gonna post the text on instagram.
All or nothing at all by o-town hahah, stacy's mom, it wasn't me by shaggy, where the party at by jagged edge
It is that time of year again, isn't it…
RT : it's time to call it a night! Lol<<HA
Looper might have a panel at Comic Con. HELL TO THE YES
There's a live truck outside Worcester District Court where I'm scheduled for jury duty. Doesn't bode too well for me getting on a jury :-/
This is good cuddling weather :)
MT : Politicians like Kathy Hochul attack when they don't have a record to stand on.
do you know the rules about making the video?
But Busta Rhymes just murders them all lololololoool
My channel changer broke now I need to get a new one
I always liked that part in Macy Gray's "I Try" where it sounds like she tells "Cinnabon!"
Pacari, makers of sublime Ecuadorian chocolates in flavors like Andean blueberry and lemongrass, will have a tasting TODAY @ 6:00!
Who the ef ever did that lmao. just plain wit u.....sort of lol RT : #teenagememories dating without having sex
I just love how people talk shit about people who are pregnant & or have kids! seriously #STFU its none of your damn business!
we're on the same roller coaster. crashed. still feeling behind. thought the caffeine would kick in, but no effect yet...
excellent! I know I'm a stranger but I am in DC for the day and back in Bmore tonight. I'd like to buy you a beer after game
There's a way of transferring funds that is even faster than electronic banking. It's called marriage. -James Holt McGavran
New freestyle in about 15 20 minutes
My baby girl is 18 today. Time flies by way too quickly!!
a little early to panic... strongholds yet to report!
well. I recommend our #scrapple - call me biased if you like, but we love what we do! www.westcoastscrapple.com
The H2O12 show is "flowing" right along...LOTS of new stuff to see this First Friday for our opening night! Come out and see us =)
Anybody have any recommendations for a nice hotel in downtown #Portland?
Fun 4th Festival now has it's own Twitter account -- come follow us to see what's happening! And tell your friends, too.
come work in the kitchen <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BB>
President Bush, Barack Obama promotes a manner for illegal aliens to gain citizen status by paying a fine, becoming proficient in English
No one really appreciates their eyebrows until they've been singed off in some sort of explosion
Merry Christmas to all my friends
The Red Sox are on my bad side right now...SMH
I'll just close my eyes for 30 min...3 hours later..great
Promise is a big word. It either makes something or breaks everything.
T.O.P B4 Sex!,,,,Tounge On Penis
Welcome to twitter! Feel free to browse my follower list for other anthros and UPEI students or just search your interests!
Bidding is closed! Winning bid is $1400! What a deal!
Wife and I both LOLed when he said that... (but I was secretly worried it might just explode). But I thought he was just confused.
we currently in 4th period and all you doing is talking about her you sprung !! Lol I'm tired of these stories I need ear plugs
Feel less special than u know u are? Look in the mirror. The person staring back at u is the only 1 who can make u feel the way u deserve
talk to 's talking about coming up in mid-August for some horse racing
ohh emm gee im like the biggest codie fan ever! simpsonnater for ever!
I'm so sad I'm not there
I'm only smokin on weekends wen school starts bak....
Bill, apologies for the confusion. I'm not sure if we were waiting in different rooms or what. Happy to do an impromptu demo
Having the hangover from hell today after playing 100/200 stud 8 with , Owais Ahmed and some other guys yesterday...
love you beh-by :)
That video is awesome, thanks & the mention of my Blog link. I need to convert that over to D7 and Omega...
nice lay-out!!!
you must speak more slowly than I do.
Ozzie's explanation was weak, But, it all depends what tyrant we like.
Ha!! Maybe you will end up in an episode. :)
Sorry it took so long, but I am now following everyone who is following me!!!
THX we truly appreciate the feedback.
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks for the amazing shout out!
There's not much other/than names.
You wasn't saying that the other night tho. RT : #GetOffMyLilBooDoe “ Dani wants her ass whooped.”
i could hook you up with extra veil of may tickets if you like. for free!
persian warrior God bless all Iranian, never give up is our time for the people by the people not by other goverment only for our nation.
have to work tomorrow
I'll think about it. :D
happy birthday to my lady lover
Ong The Way Bak 3 - Small band of multicultural convicts stage a daring escape and kick ass by jumping around a lot and there's an elephant
Thanks, Marco! Glad you dig
Happy Birthday Mr. Tate!!
#WhatILove some good music i can relate to,to get through the days' obstacles.
So I could have come and got this wig done... You are really something else. RT : Salon flow ~~~~~
I look forward to reading it.
I can't believe you right now. #TodayCantGetAnyWorse </3
Vanessa Williams did a great job on Larry King tonight and mentioned Special Olympics, nice Vanessa.
Ha, that's awesome. Love those easter eggs!
DONT TRY TO BE WHAT UR NOT BECAUSE U WONT
We have a scoop! Dan Cederholm () announces Pears, an open source WordPress theme. pea.rs
Honolulu ghetto awesome.
SBS is booked up today, but still have appointments available tomorrow! Give us a call (773) 252 - 9522
all like to - Monday 8pm in NYC
Step back into #Arizona's past, tales, folklore and pieces of #Arizona's #history at The Arizona Prospector...
feeling weird today. Maybe its because its friday and I haven't done a thing all week and its like summer out. Maybe I should have a beer
haha me too I just hope me and my sister get to give them the presents were making them :P
88Nine Radio Milwaukee 2012 award winner !!
A bunch of Freaky songs on Pandora right now..
no prob, sorry for the short notice
Thanks to Mad Men amc is creating bull shit like The Pitch.
its going fine the train was very empty at first but when we arrived in dc it's filled to capacity to chicago
U know how I get easily distracted
um... you shouldn't believe everything you hear on twitter. ;-)
happy 2 report I finally have a new job! Im th activity director 4 an assisted living facility thanx 4 th encouragement :)
why is everyone watching the notebook tonight? filling up my fb and twitter feeds..
Izzy & share a bday? THE WORLD ISN'T READY FOR THIS.
<--- everyone follow her :*
do you watch Justified?
the only folks that sway to what the society wants, and that's just for their vote, are the politicians. Snip, snip
OK Let's Go! Time for Matty Ice and the #Falcons to step up against the Giants. Let's get a playoff win!
There's P90X yoga?! Must try.
Mane. I saw that deal. You got Babe Ruth for a handful of peanuts. Amazing.
you forgot about 'x' (i'm xChocolateBlood) but THANKS! <3
nice start to your day! What is the video you mentioned?want to check it out.
Not even my parents believe I can be in da NBA time to prove dem wrong
Ha! When I was in Murray, wherever I parked, that was my spot. I only got a few parking tickets. Lol
What do I do for dinner man
Do you know I've never eaten there?? Been by a 1000 times. Would love to go w/you!
to each their own
Rooting for the Pirates tonight! And looking forward to the Regatta and the 4th of July next weekend. Time for a barbecue!
Happy Library Snapshot Day, right back at 'ya, ! And to everyone else, of course.
Lmfao! RT : These shoes my dad bought me&lt;&lt; maybe ill say my Pinky toe hurts so I can swap em.
He is so annoying on Skype
weird you say that, considering which prez was in office on 9.11 and which caught osama
I would like to Columbiana this damn headache, tho. Making me all wonky and blah.
Nothing like sitting back and watching the people who stabbed you in the back fall apart.
i missed it - what am i getting thanked for? :)
Don't wait until you no longer have your health before you appreciate the priceless value of good health.
hahahah get outta there and DIE
fourth song wrote and recorded on my phone
too many unwanted things running through my head
Thank you, as a small brand- showroom or press may be to big of idea, your services on your website are fabulous-congrats on your success.BC
PGs! Elite QBs to me still seem rare and NFL babies QBs nowadays!
I wish she still texted me back ):
thank u so much i want dm for vincent(:
Can't believe I'm leaving Europe tomorrow already. So sad :(
Blowjobs from my cat.
I am so excited to meet the cast of this year's race. The energy and spirit of this crew will keep us warm.
Come join us WED July 20th for our final pilot taping! Along with guest from on WMMS. FREE at
could you put me in a good mood and follow me ?
Heating the steam bath then nappy time... Gotta get some energy for
Now, I'm hearing about #earthquakes in Boston and in Virginia. What the heck happened?
RT : Change from striving to be successful to trying to be useful - Jim Collins
Going to see tonight at Flappers! Psyched!
Is she/he doing ? If the space is open in October we want to have "ride ready" clinics.
alright let me finish my pizza rolls lol
Make sure you follow for #drake concert pics tonight! If your going tweet us!
Catch me filling in for on this evening from 6-8pm. Listen like you mean it!!
Heather Graham on the air right now
this weekend. Music, food, games... what more do we need? Who's going?
Cause I'll be thinking about you Worldwide<3
experiencing an outage, website down and unable to login at main page. (fyi - thanks!)
Music inspires me. I love putting my Ipod on shuffle and rediscovering an old friend I haven't visited in a long time.
Don't be up in church on Sunday and cheatin on yo man the rest of the week honey
So after going to a cello recital today I have a lot more respect for the cello and clasical music in general
I'm sorry y'all, listening to the mainstream got me thinking Obama is responsible for every misstep in the economy over the last decade
i dont like it anymore
wow its been 100 degrees or higher in beverly hills florida atleast i get to go to the pool and get a TAN! Lol keep it tight
we thank you for being our VOICE.
I am absolutely, definitely, positively, unquestionably, no strings attached, beyond any doubt, unconditionally, in love with you.<U+2665>
Jaja last night i made pinkey promise that shell dance her ass off... and she did!!!!
Did you notsee the blue Goofy jackets at the WDW Expo? They are pretty swee!t
Be a Guest on Father Albert’s NEW Daytime Talk Show!
Wow Pill looked Aubrey Huff-esque out there.
Construction and demolition...right up my alley!! These guys are teddy bears!
18 months!? wow. so you get it...lol
No such pipe, or this pipe has been deleted
Here in this moment i surrender to your love.
ok then!
RT : Finish line dry teflon lube... the best eva!
Umm...I just found a dollar in my pants. And it wasn't in my pockets. cc:
Life's to short for beige. Let us add some color to your life with a free estimate. We have perfect 5 star ratings on Yelp.
Gotye is hot.
Remember. Facebook launches its IPO today! FB
“And in the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” – Abraham Lincoln
YES! lol I haven't been yet and everyone is talking about it!
Andersen NOT charged with any crime yet but property apparent seized as a result of this warrant.
I will fight you.
Thanks to all who bid tonight auction!
It seriously sucks when a bad night drags into a bad day.
I know! I miss you lovey!
Boi they gone be mad cause this list has no junk and regular healthy cereal lol
Nothing better than getting 2 Ws to end the regular season AND knock another team out of playoff contention!
I saw that one! So going next friday after I'm done unpacking!
!!! Blindfold magazine is going on stands soon :)
South Anchorage family's trailer home destroyed in #fire sparked by a deep-fryer, AFD says.
I know a girl, she puts the color inside of my world.
I should go to aa meetings
When I was & I was hungry I used to throw fits , how you gunna feed me ma ? You have no tits - eminem
First tweet I read is depressing... Nice twitter. Lmfao
Finally a success..
on wifi, had to turn the phone off and then turn it back on. I've been having to do that a lot lately. hm damn 4s
Earlier the makeup person combed my bedhead.
set a goal for yourself! and then ask someone to hold you accountable to it.
Oh My Gosh... it's happened... I have caught Bieber fever
your pretty funny. you know that right?
for sure!
I was just about to tell you that I can't because I forgot I had to meet my mom and aunt for dinner. I'd rather
“: Oh, no: disco Glee.” bad just turned to worse.
What, you believe everything you see?" -Ms. Swan (MadTV)
wow that is so awesome! How's NYC homie
Pickup Line: How about you sit on my lap and we'll see what pops up?
Mayor Gibson looks back w/pride in meeting challenges of "going off the plantation" to incorporate City of Miami Gardens
neither can i. #Rags is going to be awwweesomee, so hyped
Copy that! RT : If you guys want to add a fantastic racefan & sponsor in #IZODIndyCar series follow &
This Friday?
Has to say, I'm looking forward to a computer free weekend.
no. Im just saying they're good. Please don't take it the wrong way. :(
True strength is being able to hold it all together when everyone expects you to fall apart.
Wow, big man talking big words on the twitter. Guess I'm a sad individual.
haha! Let me know what day would be good for you Hope you have an awesome weekend.!
Mysterious shaking illness? These are the first signs of becoming a zombie
You gone spend yo last $500 on a gucci bag to impress these hoes?
hah it would look like landry fields does right now
lol same girl, same
I wish I did that would have been the most best birthday ever but it's never going to happen!:(<\3
Ernie the Pug says Happy Birthday!
It's not as glamourous as it looks.
loved your dance moves in the vid! Everyone will do that now, just wait
yes me too!!! xD
Most kids are damaged by the effects of poverty. Learning is slowed = failure = pushed out of school = no HS diploma = poverty for life
my favorite song is baby....and never say never.....and one time. Haha i cant pick!!!
HA! Don't let that happen, you be better off with fat and a glass eye!
A day off is when I only make/take 50 calls instead of 100.
This isn't a competition.
Just impressed myself today, 3 miles!! Wooohooo
I will check that thing you call email now
We hope that we ate doing those things for our followers
I know! and another fact of my sad life is notSeeing my foreigner either. my days are not the same anymore.
my mother asks way too many fucking questions when im trying to watch something. goodness lady!!!
no thank you for all of what you have done for us:)
i know! we will actually be able to taste the food.
AW Thanks<3 Just listened to you, your pretty amazing to be honest :')
CO Senate Approps Comm has just voted unanimously to kill HB1069, the proposed back-to-school sales tax holiday.
I went out and bought some d-con for my mouse on my computer. I poured it on and it still hasnt died!
Has anyone ever had a spinal tap? It's awful!!
last time he was on M & M he talked about...actually said the word...Kentucky.
"I have no idea what I said, but I stand by whatever it was." - actual Mitt Romney quote
hi doll xxxoo
wow it's snowing in Ohio? That's so weird it's not even snowing in Minnesota where normally we have about two feet by now! Haha
lmao!! They're coming for u
Positive energy!! Universe hear me ROAR!!!! Find me lottery!! 640 MILLI!!!!
I keep telling myself that this is a great thing for her...
holy heck I know!!!! Looks soo juicy but they keep it real which I love! Haha
that's great. Don't take any <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
something that made me smile, Niall & Latinas.
Talking about SOBCon08 - Liz is here!
it wasnt supposed to be like this you done caught feelings, and all that be together talk i am not hearing
RT : Networks bragging about their shows.. is in it's 14th season... Take that major networks!!
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves. - Buddha
well, tonight (Monday) technically
Ryan does what he wants.
I should really start checking my midterms after they're given back to me
well he's a YouTuber but I just love him because I love British boys!
Work on mothers day! -.-
No matter how much money you spend on watches you still can't buy time.
SWEET!!! I have never seen anyone get off a plane before.
Hanging out at Port Townsend with my son, ( one of my favorite towns) singing at open mic night and meeting other great musicians....
Who even uses payphones anymore? but
haha shayla y do u have only 83 followers!!
killing it !!!!! All my bitches in tha house! Where the fuck are u????
Drunk girls, get off the stage.
Okay, now I get why people where sunglasses indoors. Just got a glimpse of my hungover self in the mirror. Not pretty..lol
Future album release party!
Its not always going to be a sunny day. Some days you're the pigeon. Some days you're the statue.
and it made you puke?
Trade-In your junk for $$ toward new efficient equipment. We will take any diecutting machine on trade. www.BRAUSSE.com or 888-BRAUSSE!
thanks for the follow
I had the same version and when I opened it, it asked me to upgrade & took me to market
Working on a culinary masterpiece?
hey! just voted for your sobrinita. she's so adorable! (:
Isn't this the part wen the devil comes to buy my soul?
'Cause we got a taste for champagne and endless fortune!
Our SA Presidential Straw Poll Results: John Bennett Edges Out Ashwin Narla
Haven't had access so late follow-up. My last day w/Border Media & 94.9 was Tuesday...so sorry, it was out of my hands.
Excellent discussion on our Mobile 2.0 panel with savvy moderator and copanelists:
I'm good
don't see a suspension coming, however warranted it may be.
I agree that we will need more sigs but we can still do it. I am going to become a notary.
RT : Folks, let's get #RyanKennedy trending 9yr-old w/ brain cancer, in hospice; something he wished for
Congratulations to Anthony & Mia on getting married! Thanks for letting us be part of your Big Day!
Woohoo! I'm a winner:) thanks for whatever I'm about to receive!!
thanks for the follow! What does the #futureofpd look like from Turkey's perspective?
u should quit everything and move to the mountains
Lol Better Wake Up Big Dawg
I hope all of my followers are at the game Saturday at 3 to support the team vs Delgado!
ah (smolderhaler) on
I wanna write “I MISS YOU” on a rock and throw it at your face so you know how much it hurts to miss you. <U+2764>
Fuck I Look Like Screaming And Crying #StopIt Bitch Its East Side Brew City 414 Damage Mode.+
Holy moses. He has a flute player in his band. Didn't see that coming.
Let us know if you need a hand scanning in Guatemala ;)
just fine relaxin watchin terminator 3.how was your day
Still going strong, even though the Kickstarter failed. The good news is we raised almost enough to fund SPQ-YARRR!!!
I can't believe I just cried watching friends
Today's lunch special: costa rican stew...Yum!
thanks for letting us visit your hometown and for having such a kick ass show!!! I'm looking forward to next time!
looking forward to seeing 3D mobile innovations at #CES, esp. #3D entertainment apps for tablets
thanks to my followers it means alot that ur following me thank u thank u thank u!!!!1 <3 <3
thank you
Absolutely lovely. Those 5 hours really flew by. Interesting the different directorial choices in use of same set between 1st & 2nd parts.
Kind of trying to see some sand matches, any Florida teams playing at home this week?
In a moment I will be soaring high above all the bottom feeders.
What wonderful news! Congrats! You're living my dream! (and perhaps you can send some of your former clients my way!! :-) )
Omg! Ari is gonna call people? I wish would call me. :O
why are Wiz Khalifas tweets about texting annd girls
fine you where right
LOL BRO NO don't assume like that! He's my best friend! Like no.
congratulations Rev Watkins.
Thanks to my friendly 200 Public Square staff, I'll be listening to the Jackson 5 all morning.
Paul pierce & ray allen my favorite players in the nba
#stats is pretty decent ... Thanks #scoutmob for the coupon.
Good audition today for Axe. Cross fingers for a callback.
who you calling a goof ass?
Anyone want to ball at the AC today at 5:30?
Happy Birthday, President Obama. My Grandfather always said that the first 100 years are the hardest - you're half way there!
Tonight at we bring you hometown hero with opening support from Seneca, Ben Brown, Zizala, and Ray T!
Is anyone out there listening to black metal on this fine Black Friday?
you have a sexy Avi
"You got it, bitch"
I now follow ! You should too ! Meoww
Nice try...but incorrect.
Knock my light out! ;)
So, Game of Thrones = TV show and Hunger Games = movie? This whole time, I thought they were the same thing...
This air is freezing the heck out of me!
Remembering back #WhenIWas13 summers weren't so dam hot!
Free delivery from any restaurant with a donation of 7 cans of non-perishable food for the Oregon Food Bank. Coupon code is 7CANS at...
RT : RT : Ain't no party like a technical party cuz a technical party don't stop.
Wanna hear some crazy shit? Issac from the "love boat" brother taught me how to dj! True fucking story
#ThingsIDontGet 1) How can someone be in a relationship with a person who cheats?
Anyone know any fun events happening tonight in or around LA?
we should start a white girl rap group. #weed. RT i just watched your iphone video, again and then again. <3 us!
Can we please just leave?
I read about it. I will have to get to it...hands on. Lol
Not strange at all! Thank you so much!!
Yes, it's snowing in the Northeast (2 early). May get 5 in. by tomorrow. Should be melted by the time I head to Baltimore on Mon.
i just finished it..
Some days I really get sick of the internet and simply wish I could talk to all of you face to face. Need to invent a teleportation device
#HappyMothersDay to all the Mums!
#HesHot No lie. He is very much so
First last final of the year!
This twitter site is a MONKEYS game Stretch my back i Stretch yours so if I Follow you FOLLOW me if not your a CRAB
Just holla if you got me and f--k you if you had me.
Laker fans kill me. "we lost...but Kobe had 7,000 points!!" FOH!
Open source software isn't free.
who would break up with Heather Graham? she's STILL beautiful
Bankruptcy is an opportunity for the honest debtor to obtain a fresh start.
will do
Its funny how when some white folks rap, instead of saying the n-word, they say "ninja"
need to bring back !
I've never been so nervous about race registration. Wish me luck with signing up for
Sorry for the delays, meeting with Jeremy now.
RT : I love #kipcamp. I can't believe all the great stuff i'm learning. from bitly to SEO.
When did this miserable day turn into a gorgeous, almost springlike afternoon?
where u @
fingers crossed X
That's always fun...
NBA can't move multiple teams in the same year. They're not the NHL. Hornets bound for Louisville, still?
There you go OVI!!!!
If there is a hell, I'm convinced one of its rings must be a mall parking lot during the holidays. Dante just didn't live long enough.
Chicago Hosts Mad Thursdays-Omalleys 2249 N.Lincoln ave,free beer bar from 10-11,1 Beers,2 u call, 3 shots. Get there early
you're wonderful!
#yeeee your toe is very excited
should I change my DP?
how bout when the celtics lost to the 76ers? oh ok
Anybody know what kind of jets those were that just flew over Crissy Field?
then the Thunder better win soon. Someone is going to throw lots of money at them.
Good day Zayn. Hope you're getting on well and that your mates are doing well. My daughter and I love your music Best wishes.
I bet your gorgeous!
Money buys happiness
Happy Mother's Day! Have a great day Moms everywhere!
Great first half.
Finished cutting "Strawberries" 2D glass piece for Art in the Gardens! Now I have TWO pieces to foil! Lol
3/4 NFC East teams have traded up...one more??
To crawl out of bed or to not crawl out of bed; that is the question!
CST Starter Kit: 2 copies of the CS #Survey,1 CST Interpretation Manual,1 Behavioral Styles Overview & selected article reprints about CST
Sounds Like My Fella he is most definitely a Taurus
have had three good chances to score, but to no avail. Scoreless in the third.
really needs a snow day!
I love fmj its so badass
It can also lead to you being dropped from your auto insurance company due to your extra risk factor you pose to their coverage
Keep those great applications coming! Thanks for including t-shirt sizes.
Making a big pick-up tomorrow out in Virginia...
Oh your New icon :p
I miss ya
It's just all of the good energy you put into the world coming back to you.
#Orlando #milestone reporting has the best court reporters.
Im watchin "jet li's fearless" wat a movie!!
It really annoys me that my site isn't even on the first page of Google results for "Best Coffee in Korea," which is most of my content.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!:DD
laughter is holier than piety, freedom is sweeter than fame.
did they break the windows on both sides?
best player in the world. MVP
The Zingaro has moved to their favorite spot at Tractor Brewing Co. Tap Room. Doors up and ready to serve untill closing
This bitch just sent me a pic of her boobs lmfaoooo
You could always just opt for apples with mustaches. :)
we'll be at spiderhouse tonight if you're antsy and want booze, and also to hang out with level designers AND ITS MA BIRFDAY
Thanks for the suggestions!
So excited to be going to the opening night party for MCC's #CARRIE with tonight!
Happy Mothers day to all the great mothers in the world
My Missing Oscar Noms: Lisa Cholodenko, Debra Granik & Ryan Gosling
And we hope you enjoyed it....
My thoughts.....
my peeps are peaking right now. Seriously those Easter left-overs are at the perfect staleness!
Mexican food was enjoyed and enjoyed again from the white box from Browning's!
RFT! : biggest fear EVER .... Is losing my momma :|
I love that pic with the monkey. Please follow back. Thank you <U+2665>
RT : How does Obama do so much golfing when he clearly doesn't have any balls? #ocra>borrows Sarah's? her'sRbigger than his
Up early as hell... On my day off <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Who's awake & feels like chopping it up? LMS
#Tues Her Majesty: Mrs. Brown / Does she have any Chronicles of Riddick: Dead Man Stalking news?
Uncrafty happens to the best of us!
true story. I think I may break that out tonight.
Looks great, Gina! Thanks
Why, thank you. We <3 you, too! RT : is freaking AMAZING!!! I <3 them!
Anyone want a follow back ?? <3
Sounds like a plan *Nods*
Dorito shelled tacos and a 4 pack of high life is how I ended my night, Im okay with that
I might be a hipster. Ran into and Mary Van Luven at Swingers, a hipster place, right? I'm a hipster by association, right?
follow me plz i hope u win n.b.t.
RT Fistula happens.50% of women in Africa give birth @ home. A trained local health worker is key 2saving these women
Does this Cook guy have a hookers chance in church of saving Apple's intellectual dominance?
Know what the For Lease sign on the 62nd+Roosevelt bldg's about? None of the businesses appear to be out of business...
It's a great pleasure to know you enjoyed our show. Did you go to Kennedy Center to see it? #Shenyun will be back next March.
Raid away! I can give you our password for the rdgs, if you want it.
I want to be a librarian and talk about gaming. All day e'eryday.
I've already committed 40 minutes to waiting for the Apple Store to open, can't give up now!
Thank you and happy #FF to you!
President Obama is definitely the BEST boss I've ever had!!! We have parties every night and take vacations every other week. Oh yeah, +GOLF
Thank you!!
are you watching the Rose Bowl today?
Somebody get us some #Baghdad! Apparently we're having #Iraq withdrawals.
; please follow me? i would like diee, if you did<3
Lie after life after lie...
Joe jonas what planet are u from?
I'm wondering had it been a male that took the photo of Chris Brown if he would've grab that phone out of the dude hand?
cheers to the cruel assholes who closed dunkin donuts
DAMN I CUT MY FINGER!!
You have made my day 2X in a row
Nothing Like an Awesome X factor to Kickoff an Excellent Christmas!
And if you leave,you leaving the best,so you would have to settle for less!!
En La Escena TV wants to interview you today, heard you're Prince Royce's biggest fan! 1st in line! Are you interested?
going to avec and publican....anything new i should try?
Happy New Year..2012 gona be a good one
is hot hot hot. Can't wait until summerfest...woooohoooo!
I have not answered a single email this weekend.
I don't promote myself very often, but I'm pretty proud of the new song by Thesis Project. Head to my facebook to check it out...
Yeah man, it's time to defeat 7 evils exes
alright man, Ill let you know if I am still going things have kind of come up expectantly.I really don't want to miss this race
Follow me and I will follow you back!
Thanks for the shout out ! Our first video will be out soon!
Everyone likes a little ass, but no one likes a smart ass.
Im not letting u fight
PickUpLine: Do you like short love affairs? I hate them. I've got all weekend.
I play @ a #piano #bar every #Thursday @ The Other Side in Silver Lake, Los Angeles for 4 hrs, starting @ 8:30pm. #SINGERS welcome.
So proud of talented students who did fantastic intros for #Nobel laureates
Why is the male intelligence worth more than the female? It is rarer.
Pretty sure there wont be a season.
Wanna win a free TFOF shirt?..Get yoself over to facebook tag us and you could!Contest ends Saturday!
pos guys should be grateful we're doing it but then coming is a no,
Good luck! You should stop by ;)
i make love to her, ill jus fuk her instead
RT : Saddened by sudden passing of Peter Berghammer. A nice man with a ton of knowledge that he was kind in sharing.
I'm wondering if I need to make a special trip to the mall or find a hockey ticket to get mine
We couldn't agree more, Deborah!
Ugh i got really nervous cuz u were there!
XIFIN White Paper Evaluates Technology-Driven Back-Office Improvements That ... - MarketWatch (press release)
don't forget the little guy Hahahaha
bravo to the musicians of the for a stunning all-Mozart program!
Cutting this hair though (:
Have a great Monday and week everyone. Thanks to all the new RBB followers!!! Stay tuned for details to watch the full film next month.
I go there for the food! Cracker barrel is full of old people, believe me, I was literally the youngest there
Chilln, cooking, baking, and watching football.
m legs not so much but arms and face, he was cute.
Won't u join us in Foster City? RT HA! Well there ya go!
Getting pumped to have all 17 #beertowndpdc ensemble members together in one room at one time.
Tonight's pint night is glassware.... Followed by trivia at 7! Come see us
April Fool's Day is officially over--Did anyone pull any good pranks this year??
(cont) && he prolly heard all I was saying abouut him.. so now he prolly thinks that i'm a freak |:
Back at J Bird Studio with Big Snow Big Thaw today. There is some seriously exciting stuff happening here.
just heard a woman say, "Whee!" as she ran down the Baldwin Hills Scenic Overlook trail.
Ready for an amazing week to come!
#BecauseofObama .. I might have to work until I am 75, maybe 80.
tried to refer to my new pink sweater as a jumper... couldn't do it. just had to check that i'm still american.
#Arizona House Painters : Where QUALITY and AFFORDABILITY Meet.
Bestpaymentsguy thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Interested in environmental sustainability? Join the DK Green Team & help us save the earth. or DM us for more info!
Beach tomorrow and then grabbing a few drinks with Mike.
Out golfing.
Damn, you mad?! You are blowing up my feed with this Mayweather MADness!!
I got GREAT news from my schools financial aid office about my scholarship!
Evangelicals/women rejected: Palin, Bachman
I spent 1 hour bowling. 217 calories burned.
looks awesome! We are proud to support
I woke up this morning, what more can I ask for BLESSED!!! A lot of advice given yesterday some I will actually take....
Rich also asks jury to deny probation. That's it. Saving fireworks for partner Tamara Strauch. Defense attorney Pat Hancock now up.
Touch Down Fort Lauderdale! In SUV enroute to South Beach. First stop #EleventhStreetDiner!
I went with and had a great time! OJ is delicious! LMK next time you go.
oh I was gone wait until we got face to face in the very near future to bring it up lol
Sent. And I'm just looking to finish the interviews by the end of next week. So if you don't have time now, no worries.
Ozzie: do the same amount of work in smaller schools as big schools (Ravens took 3 FCS schools)
My mom's going to keep my facebook updated with the address for my Mission so keep an eye out for that sometime in March :)
Exciting to think a week from now hopefully I'll be in Chicago with and !
Make plans now to cheer on the #Brewers at #MillerPark. $500 for up to 8 people. Let us take you out to the ballgame. Call 608-764-2917.
IN love to the mother mons†er
It's the "you fuck up you're out the league, so don't fuck up" hug.
It's really nothing special. They do have a bar though, which makes any place a lot cooler.
felt like ants .
I still have my HS backpack with Voodoo Glow Skulls written in wite out
lol!! You know it! Gonna master my Player ' skills. Haha. I heard #ashtonkutcher was gettin his PhD before he made it so....
Soo the boy I like his name is Joshua Santiago it can't be but I like him hes in my class please dont tell him it's a secrete:x but webestes
Desire: it doesn't take talent to hustle and be on time.
what age WHEN you get tired of going to the movies lol #JW im a dvd type of guy
MMMUUUAAAHHH thank you :)
Anyone know a cool, edgy graphic artist to design my header for new website for reasonable pay? DM w/ referrals.
and its what time and i cant sleep and have to get up at what time in the morning?
Check out The Little Things Video and PLEASE RT it! #VO #voiceover #voice over
#Obsessions Tonight Mykko Montana Live! #FWM ((t
Starmentor is seeking promotional staff nember to support Jennifer Milan's US tour - www.digistarmgt.com
where is that?
what's up how's it goin
very nice post. I love the second picture. It reminds me of the "old" (NH) days.
Ya you should follow !!!
I always regret leaving my phone on silent when I can't find it:/
haha #DEAD !!! I'm crackin up right now!!
watching each train go by is like a cup of coffee to my eyes they keep me awake, so I wouldn't have a chance of-
Let's go
i would never tell ;)
boy my muscles achin !
so no soccer ball is traveling with you, no single person to kick a ball around with you. I am sure there is someone
great to meet you as well! and thanks for organizing, Jon!
To be a failure you have to be trying really hard, because it takes a lifetime to accomplish it.
Hi Lori...I get it. LOL
Just remembered a funny experience I had with Garrett.
But at least there is potential in everyone.
in that scene was it shemat and or was it there stunt doubles?
To think creatively, we must be able to look afresh at what we normally take for granted. –George Kneller
Oh ok lol ": oh i will lol ill be n da house drinkin."
hope you're having a good day
Hair Tip: It is advised that you get your hair trimmed every 6-8 weeks.
bo!!!!! I'm way on the southwest lol
Jaguar Land Rover eyes new site
Future ; Neva End . . On #REPEAT !
Good Morning Saturday!!! ART Shows today
Ah perfect -- my thanks! Clearly a more complex genealogy of "spiritmeat" than I originally assumed.
love this place - got the best wrap this year evah!! Many thanks.
are you excited for your birthday!?!!??!! What are you going to wish for?
Agree, this is not helping
Don't get scared off, folks. I believe you can use Neatline with a static image (unrectified map, for example) w/o geoserver.
I hate that I always worry too much and make lil things into HUGE things! :(
i have had the worst day ever!! Advice? Why cant all guys be like ur sons!!!
Is grounded, My mom took everything away!She even reset my Facebook password! Fuck it. They dont know my Twitter password. Nice try bitches.
Yes mam! Love them so much! :D
I would LOVE that! I'll shoot you an email tomorrow...
Hey Guys follow the newest addition to the group opening in July in Wicker Park
I'm in vegas. I'll get back to you. You're up too early today!
My whole life I grew up being a people pleaser. Now that I'm a teenager I don't know how to please myself...
please get new trains...
Thanks, glad you like it :)
The short answer is that my professional history and that of EVMS have shared common values, passion, and guiding principles.
thank you!
Knowing that you <3 Me.. Makes everythin' alrightt! :D
Enjoyed the visit today.
Life sucks when you have a good heart. You help too much. You trust too much. You give too much. And most importantly, you love too much.
9-6 ball game over Houston. The Stacheford saves it again
at least you're sorry<U+3002>thanks
Your turn to follow us!
YEAH! coming to Chicago Feb 16 &17. That should make winter here a little less dismal.
Doing my hair then off to school<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> trip today <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD> <U+2764>
thanks for the RTs.
Thought about retweeting Then didn't.
lol shut up!
ur so lucky congrats
Im pretty sure im a #redbull addict... yep.
One-week holiday, back again! :p
bout to call u boo
Is this race walker-friendly? I don't see walkers mentioned on your website. Where can I see a course map?
Love you
Beautiful day! Thank you Lord!.
It has been said that 80% of what people learn is visual
are you sure about that
sorry but uh, you smell..bad.
Love your system! Is there any smart-unfollow feature to remove people that don't follow you.... but not recent follows?
I do. I'm just saying that Heller's a propagandist. A huggable propagandist, but a taxpayer salaried one, too.
Looking forward to #HOWLive this weekend look for me in the NewPage booth to see what all the buzz is about
Needs a shoutout from and the crew for good lick!!
Roses are red
I'm good. What abt u?
what do you like to do when you come to NYC :]
everyone please follow my buddies
Perfect night with my cute little sickly
Gads I hate homework. This AP English is killing me. When is summer coming? can't wait to get to Teen Hoot and see all these stars coming.
World wisdom sounds good but usage is short-term... God's wisdom sounds simple but extends well beyond our understanding.
not todaay. It's late. Tomorrow. Go to sleep already hoe lol
Melo wants this game.
I don't follow? He was put on a fast track to the bigs for a HS kid from the word go.
Nodding off on 75. Someone better call me and keep me awake before I pull a Nick Hogan
Good morning twitter family
So many things in this world are crying out for a good graphic design makeover.
I think his point was that, for users, ' being on path means nothing, unlike with instagram.
Time to clean up,Shower,pack the camera bag and head out to film and shoot photos today around the city!Hopefully it stays dry out for a few
found you on linkedin. Would love to chat about your sites and experience.
It's like a cleaner, better written Code Monkeys. RT : 8bit Community is awesome!
Tks for the follow. I love your tweets!
The amount of expertise varies in inverse proportion to the number of statements understood by the general public...
Happy holidays everyone!
Why do people who know the least know it the loudest?
feels like you have to wade through a lot of junk to find a few interesting pins. I still pin, but rarely peruse.
Gotta be honest Peter...at camping we would sing "Something died up your ar$e tonight, musta been something you ate" ;-)
don't get fired w/them old pics
I LOVE English class!! Don't you ?? Good day:)
Just tapped Lost Coast Tangerine Wheat.
ok i will be ther waiting and doing my homework while im waiting
hookers and blow and discount coupons.
Have you hiked any of your "ways"? We crossed the moors in a hail storm and then hiked along the North Sea. Loved it.
3rd Goal Most Of All: Become Producer Of The Year As Well As Artist Of The Year!
i went from 146 followers 2 165 u guys are angeks everybody and i mean EVERYBODY
so you're still alive? Hahah
I can't fucking believe any of this. Screenshots vs. Bad Handwriting
message , , or or talk to any of the bands if you want presale tickets!
Thanks for the follow! And, thank you for cheering up my morning every weekday!
Still not at school .. .
Thanks for selecting my post
Welcome to the team Damian Lopez!
I would live at the playboy mansion if I didn't have to have sex with hef
Does Trader Joes pay these people to shop post-exercise in their workout clothes or are they disgusting of their own accord?
Another amazing concert!! A & collaboration would be icing on the cake!!
So proud of our new Confirmation grads/members! Can't wait to see your impact on the church and community.
Chicago in Feb, needing only a sweatshirt, drinking a Green Line and eating at The Counter? Yeah, life is good.
Happy Birthday to ! Can't wait to celebrate!
Great business planning meeting in Dallas this weekend w Howard Partridge and Phenomenal Products. Gave a copy of my book to Zig Ziglar
I know you are no longer with us but I Love and Miss you
RT : Not to forget on graduation day are #KStateMBB's and Much love and luck in the next stpe
And then going to your local Voodoo Doctor and getting a wart curse cast on her...
Have A Good Day Loovee!!!!
Listening to SW/production team Stargate speak about their careers. ( ) Wish #Berklee students could hear this !
Metrics that lead to action, 5 p.m., rm 105 A/B
Tomorrow I got to visit my uncle How about we hang wednesday with andrew?
Mrs. McGee keep it 100!!! Aahhh man, Imma still believe u, but momma be knowin'!!
Hey Jordan
Yay! MT N. Mpls friends, is brewing our beans. Cookies w/ a Cause + Peace Coffee can't get any sweeter!
Please suh, can I have som mo? THAT VOICE!!!!!
It doesn't take much to cheer me up.
Dreams feel real while we're in them. It's only when we wake up that we realized something was actually strange.
Not easily scared out of Mexico is the team of IEP Program Advisors! No but really we'll go if it gets bad. For now it's business as usual.
2005 White Sox World Series might be hurting the team now - Kenny thinks everything he does is golden but he needs to be more efficient...
Twitter dead... facebook dead... I can't wait to be with my man..
Masoli makes another play with his legs, but runs away from pass rush and tosses to WR for 12-yeard gain and 1st down.
Love this impersonator guy!!
Fuck you, dawn! I still got 3 hours before this fucking paper's due!
Hope there's enough room in our freezer for all this food!
I miss cuban coffee from Miami.
Well it's easy for me lol.
please follow she is you biggest fan!86
i like that. thanks for sharing.
Starting to realize the hard work and effort it takes to get a 4.0.... Lord give me strength
I just wanna kick it n excercise ya diggz.
Anyone else have an #Oscars hangover? So sleepy this morning.
Newt Gingrich is on Piers Morgan Tonight.
Lol I Got It
bruh. What happened to your bed??
Quite funny to see
Napping on one of the couches in the clab. Don't care.
yeah....u kinda just flipped out for a lil bit
Judy Sloan of Atlanta has won the lottery four times...
“: Learning to ignore certain people and things is one of the great paths to inner peace.”
": I would hold you for a million years to make you feel my LOVE"
Looking for all like minded people!!!!
At the oncologist for 10:00 appt. How long will we wait today?
Good night mate :)
I checked for that first. :[
I find it easier to love others if I stop caring what they are doing in relation to myself. I simply love for the sake of loving. Feels good
Found my dress for tonight
welcome to the 30+ club!!!!
Courtesy of the red, white and blue!!!!
:) if that is my biggest concern then no sweat!
Senate democrats are advocating for campaign finance reform which includes public financing of campaigns
seems I haven't really tweet'd in ages. gonna have to relearn this.
Good to know. RT : For the record -> is way crazier than I am! ;)
NEW KINGDOM HEARTS 3D TRAILER JUST CAME OUT AN HOUR AGO!!!!!! I'M GONNA EXPLODE!!! OHMYGOD!!!! <333333
Minneapolis now recycling plastics 1-5. So pleased.
Feature:spring greens salad w/ tomatoes,chicken breast,olives,artichoke hearts,almonds,parmesan,basil &white balsamic vinaigrette.$9
Wow. Incredible responsibility, Harvey--and I know your firm has made a wise choice in you.
Apparently I drink milk the way I drink scotch: neat and in big sips.
lol i know! I thought about that last night and was like 'hey I need to give her her shirt back!!' :P
truth it hurts I know
Adele gives shout out to Someone Like You songwriter Dan Wilson, the guy behind Semisonic and "Closing Time"
the interview requests must be pouring in already
Congrats, a Valentine's present for a mom!
Good morning :-)
performance or injury?
My print order at Staples wasn't ready because they'd run out of staples! takes credit for jobs there, so this too is on him.
Where did this weekend go?!?!
Sorry my mind works in weird ways.... it's not my fault. We can still try to stop #Kony! But why 4/20? there are 366 days in this year...
My day went from good to fabulous. ;)
The culture that perpetuates and encourages bigotry needs to change, and minds will follow.
Site is starting to blow up.. Remember to send me any trade concerns in your #fantasybaseball league
guess who's Bacc.....
yea, we all have are own opinions and i have no problem with that, but i know what i see.
It's almost 8pm & it feels like summer-warm & the sun is still up. Love this time of the year...
Sitting in History doing absolutely nothing because my teacher is so unprepared.
he'll attack me... He's so big now o.o He's 5'2 and he's only 11!
Wait. So I have to be big before? That's not fair.
Hey, how are you?
brought me a chocolate doughnut and oreo bc i had the shittiest day ever Shes Jesus and everyone should follow her cuz YOLO
as I thought * whispers liar*
I hope you're not upset we got a John Cena and a Sheamous shirt ;) Even though you're not my number 1, good luck on Sunday
haha yeah but he did on the and 1
June i wanna find a job , penny coming soon
yeah? That's awesome to know
I hate that when I get my #productivity apps fine tuned it leaves little room for experimenting with paradigm shifting new tools.
the website shows that the shoes I sent back were more expensive than the ones I want now, so I don't know why the issue (2/2)
": Looking forward to having in tonight." we can't wait
Tons of emails & phone calls to catch up on...if ur on the list, 'patience is a virtue'....please
This Weekend I Want To Get Really Fucked Up & Just Forget About Everything That Happemed This Week . .
#dailyfeedback Songs with percentages in the lyrics - Soul Coughing Taj Mahal
Going to the Bucs-Colts tonight w/ my brother. GO BUCS!
“: My comedy's not for everyone, it's mostly just for people who are really fucking smart & super fucking cool.” i think ur funny
I think im slowly falling for you. (:
Stop trying to fit in, you were born to stand out
I have used Beatles "I Want You" before! Also Regenerator "Famished." 2 on MGF did strip vids to sell on their pages. Rawr!
Dang #Pacers took it on the chin tonight.... #WIZARDS tomorrow night... it's okay guys #wizards piece of cake lol
still your birthday! HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Your AMAZING,, just like what they say! I LOVE YOU...
Naturally, the night Joe says he will get up with B, he sleeps 8 hours straight...such my luck!! Now time for a pajama sunday in bed!
Shut UP
I love how #USWNT is getting back on D. If they do that for another 25 minutes the outcome will be victory.
plenty of
The time to move again was 3 years ago....
lol dammit Patrick can't you see Spongebob wants the card.
Agreed! Go a head and for a line bandwagoners!
Happy Monday!
listening to U-smile on the radio ohh yaaaayyy!! love him<3
WhenTime2raise the debt limit, Will GOP stomp & pout & take their ball home & brat the USA &c (S&P) downgrade again?
hard transition
Hope everybody had a good time last night. We definitely did. Thank for putting it together
I'm in a charity fashion show! kinda excited and skeered.
New years eve and I'm wearing shorts. #winter installs
Advertising is the greatest art form of the 20th century - Marshal McLuhan
I am quite convinced that knows the questions my man will ask me ... before he asks them.
dude between going and then coming home?! yep!
at #CHI2011 we should have a panel with people who were there at #CHI1982 and make them relive the moment
I love Twitter more than Facebook cause I can update my status every 5 minutes without people thinking I'm crazy.
when my brother is watching rio he doesnt pay attention to me at all.. even he knows to ignore me
#SanAntonio is getting ready for the Battle of the Flowers parade at 12:45P today.
at #databq "Chongquin, the Chicago of the east, is a city in China of 32m, and it's adding 300,000 people a year"
appreciates happy tweets in his honor. Thanks but I have come to expect darker tweets from you.
Its what i do!
he was nice when we saw him. We started a one call that's all chant too.
and you and your crew
Come to our rummage sale!! 2953 S Wentworth Ave. Today goes till 3 and tomorrow is 10 till 3. Come on over!!
Seriously! I can't believe it's been a year already!!
Words cannot describe how happy I am. Just finished my last college research paper! Now I'll start writing exegeticals for fun!
I finished the Griffith Park Trail 1/2 Marathon with my wife & running role model, Eileen Prudhont. She is amazing, I'm so lucky & proud.
EA Sports, it's in the game! That announcer is so pumped when ever I put in a sports game, I love it!
#Sunbathing in my backyard.
All I see is this gay shit on my TL. Let men have buttsex and let bitches scissor each other.
Financial independence is a result of focus and hard work.
Need one more follower to break 1,000 - whos in?
Their weekends will become disappointing once they step on campus...
by the end of the summer ;)
I can't believe I wrote like 6 pages in Irish about Justin and my teacher didn't even bother reading it :/
I really wish would accept my FB friend request. Sure, we've never met in real life, but we're both freaking amazing!
At Cause Marketing Forum in Chicago, and I keep getting chills as I learn more about CSR campaigns!
i turn 27 a week from today. what is a 27 year old to do!?
Anyone miss me?
#tech2012 I hate conversations about Netflix using bandwidth without anyone paying for it. The consumer is paying for Internet access!
u lookn for #BANGERS send me uh email 2 send'em to #pimp.....GUARaNTEED FiRE!!!!
Why am I so sad
Thank you to EVERYONE who voted! We're so proud to have won especially cause it is an award chosen by the public! Have an Amazing Monday
#Knicks leading the whole game...get outscored 40-17 in the 4th quarter. Is anyone surprised?
Omg that sounds good.
And I turned off the American Country Awards...
We're hoping so too. Fingers crossed!
talked to some awesome frens on fb chat, so yea im kool like that
Obama.....30% tax on people who make 1 million dollars? Thats 300,000 in taxes right? I'm not rich but thats just bogus
oooohhhh.... Yes they screwed up!!
Kevin is in the same building as me... Suddenly erection.
Police Commissioner Ray Kelly must really hate today...
Rescue Me season finale : ( Dammit!! *Raises glass of wine* This one is for you, Lou...
Follow the roadmap to success, protect & help others, avoid the failures and dangers.
Mainly, I designed the Transcription Tool (with ) and worked on TEI stuff (& visited the Auto-Icon whenever possible).
Play pussy , get FUCKED , show feelings , get HURT, be faithful , get CHEATED on , show love , get LEFT , be honest , get LIED to!
Midlakes Basketball: Last night's progress won't mean anything unless we can carry ourselves like that again...and again...and again...
#JonnyTee "Friday Night" Video Shoot Saturday 12pm @ Sandbar Lounge in Long Beach, Ca. After Party 10pm-2am. No Cover. Hip Hop.
#Wikileaks shows the #GOP vicious attacks on me is just because I am a women, this should scare all women in this country,
Don't fall into partisan framing. Partisan frames blind us. Our readers want something else.
damn it ok lol
": Whatever you're facing today, remember to give yourself some credit for making it this far. You are stronger than you know."
So many hot geeks at the interactive portion of
LOL what abs? What about your ass Sandra. What about that? Ok. I don't have a big ass like you. Fucker.
dude, that was hilarious.
That's a lot of dishing! RT : #Bucks have recorded assists on a ridiculous 75.8% of their FGs over the last 4 games.
NotIntendedtoBeaFactualStatement? mt : Robert B. claims Planned Parenthood passing out condoms in schools leads to more abortions.
Sharon Link, Ph.D. and Jimmy Link will sign books at Hastings in Spokane Valley March 23, South Hill March 24 Coeur d' Alene March 25.
#WhatBrightensUpMyDay Knowing #God loves me unconditionally. He loves you too!
All tied up in Toronto...6-6 between and
I haven't heard Pinstripe, but the WH DJ is freakin awesome! You need him for your party!!
Mayor caught himself right after saying that Manhattan was the densest area in the world :)
me too! Everyone went to philadelphia and i am home :(
I know the feeling! RT : We stayed up way too late, pretending to be teenagers. It doesn't work so well in your thirties.
RT if you saw glee's season finale! so freaking awesome!
hope you have a happy holidays jacob :)
hm re-memory....m
Do you think the testimonies expert witnesses gave during Casey Anthony's Trial are credible?
WHEN nigga im serious...
Need Direct Billing for clients??
That's a silly little pile. You should see the stacks I would make for any one of my law school classes.
whew ok not as intense as I thought it would be lol
Snow already? Madison, I'm sorry but today I do not miss you.
Are you a tower? Because Eiffel for you.
AWESOME show last night in WV! Halestorm was the best performance and can't wait til you come back around!
is absolutely unstoppable right now. I have a feeling Laker fans will be letting you hear about that air ball 3. Good luck in G7!
Happy Birthday to my baby brother. :)
Yes! Might have to wait until later in April though, for work and weather reasons...
Looks like a great day to rehab.
Pandora stations for each class today 1) arcade fire 2) Mumford & sons 3) ??..students listen as they search
Hello, Scotland! We have an Aberdeen in WA state, too.
Loved harry gold's session during #prndigital cant wait to dwnld the social media map!
Watching Immortals with mom she gets freaked out for everything lol
Who will be joining us at SPiN Milwaukee next Wednesday for a FREE Ping Pong Party!?
$849 for a stroller. I'd love to review the Origami #4moms falo Português :)
Man, I remember when Whitney was just a fresh-faced model for Seventeen magazine. It's sad to see how she ended up.
I'll be on in a second
Going back and comping recording sessions is weird. I don't remember us doing half of this stuff...
yes, and I spelled microsite with two words when I wrote about it. On the Interwebs.
Nope just punk, I apologize for the 4 people paying attention.
Talking with today. Any questions for him?
#in I will be today in San Francisco
Id like to meet your face!
tomorrow we will have fun :)
A Fathers work is Never done.My lil girl is under the weather..Breaks my Heart!!
Em said to keep track of her panties. Don't want any Sixteen Candles scenarios
...another day to try and bake the donuts...
same cause I have you as my GF <3
Still something to look forward to!!
I hate spongebob
undawareness panties ~ simple butt powerful ~ visit our website today. use the tell a friend button to help spread the word. thank you.
all three?
"VIP / ROCK*STARS IN GUCCI / KINGS AND QUEENS / YEAH WE'RE GONNA MAKE A SCENE!" (coming soon!)
hmm i guess i wonder whether love can be experienced outside of the intimacy your installations create
I have just finished shoveling snow for the day and yet I'm no closer to getting out!!
Either was hacked by a spammer that is posting gift cards on people's boards w/o permission or very bad promo.
It has been hard to read your tweets. HH soon? Maybe you could use some outside the issue friends like too!
Off for some last minute shopping (trinkets!) and then off to the airport.
#kanna New Locking Class at Culture Shock Thursdays 630pm
House of Payne. Terrible, terrible sitcom.
Ppl can see gold digger in a distance so keep far away please
Did you hold it? Haha
I wanna play draw something you you :)
There's a lot of candy left.
Reserving Feb 16 for Dallas maybe? #GoRangers!
Exciting announcement coming soon :-D
I hate having to take test.
When video is open: click on Zoom-n-Pan>right click on the vid above it>click on Snap to video edges. Does this help?
": Aint nothin like chris brown 1st album ."<<truth,just said this yesterday
I feel you bro. I feel you
Lmao. My sister !
anyone awake? Need someone to talk..
What if I told you, TV cameras don't pay attention to streakers...unless they stalk the athletes?
What is, the thing you do when you can't find an excuse not to clean your room?
Im in a good mood ^^
#NewOrleansBowl 4th and goal at the 3 for ULL. Timeout, decision time! Mud dogs, mud dogs...
Our first two followers!!
Because I, I want to be, Every little thing that you want,That you need, that you breathe (`<U+25BD>´)-s
RT if you'd love that I make an album.
Proposal submitted with & for #MCN2012 after a slight bit of submission form hacking and knavery.
Ah this day is amazing... Last Thursday in MHS ever!!
good look!!!
His brain has not only been washed, as they say; it has been dry cleaned!
Brisket is has been in (the crockpot) for over 7hrs and it still aint done!
playoff tickets I Want
If it happens, it must be possible...
Got 16 of 24 predicted correct for the #Oscars !
No plans next Friday? Come hang out at and get Rock'd by and Mar 6 6:30 Benefit for
so jealous. Their vodka sauce is pretty much my idea of heaven.
just wasting time waiting on the food to get done
my ipod isnt sliding to unlock >:(
Chicken and Waffles!?
I'll wait on the stoop.
Cant believe all those years I thought La Jolla, California was pronounced "La Jaw-lah" lol
I say my prayers to coach Cal every night.
So good bass is good for Bassers
USA 2m!! Predicting we make it to the semi-finals at least.
I know right! Well I have to finish some more school work and then go to the after school program I work at :)!!! I can't wait!
Handlebars expands a LOT on mustache, not sure if all functionality should be in scope for ICH. Dot notation is nice though.
Thank you! Have a great weekend!
I am so addicted to Coke~a Cola...
New commission program. Yes please!
So cool!! You kids are awesome!! Thank you!
RT : Today is a special day I feel the energy running strong !!!!!!!!! the things we see so far are at our fingertips!
Just left a friends bar mitvah on the way to my cousins ugh its hard life patying soo much in 1 day jersey shore tonight!!!
Watching the game. Lets Go Buffalo!
Come to (5th and K) tonight @ 6pm! Students are excited for the reaction to their larger-than-life photos. See you there!
M...Mini Bison Burgers! Thanks
TEN ITEMS - Find 10 cool items in your closet, garage, or storage unit you can auction then bring them down for our 6-28 auction.
SO TRUE, Vika/Pova fear Serena. In their defense, its hard 2 read Serena's 1st serve. Vika needs a weapon 2 trouble Serena
Coming back to NYU today! Greenwich hotel, can't wait to move in!
life is such a Ibn El-Sharmoota some times
Finns make some flame tacos..
probably so
I've been keeping up with my yoga...if dropping a muffin on the floor and doing standing splits to pick it up counts.
So blessed to have 2 children I would admire even if they weren't my own!
I'm with you, but that is exactly the point. Teaching, collaboration, these are joyfully difficult enterprises.
life never gets uncomplicated does it?
The consensus is Yes. But I didn't shave my legs. Hope nobody looks too closely...
Many thanks for the shoutout! Glad to hear you're enjoying the series.
Welcome to the neighborhood!
Headed to Awards? Stop by for Happy Hour before!
Snack Words release candidate is out to beta testers.
make sure to tweet me , call me or text me lol (:
my mom is an
13 Reasons to Attend the Joining FORCEs Against Hereditary ...
deadly accident in downtown Jersey City tonight. At least one casualty believe to be a pedestrian woman. Grove st and grand st
Happy #Easter everyone! Hope you enjoy this beautiful day!
i think i keep saying graph when i really mean chart
>>>> girls who have children before they can legally ingest alcohol
Kennywood was awesome yesterday! Would have been better without the pink eye but watever! #LikeABoss I still went anyway!
Flower Kings - Tour Kaputt - Cd & Dvd and other new titles now at www.radiantrecords.com
Is coffee a religion to you. Is it more than a morning treat? At 7:40am we're giving away a Keurig coffee maker. Be there.
Infrastructure projects are fine but are Kenyans prepared to maintain them? - Daily Nation
Just gonna walk away before i do something stupid...FUCK designating titles...
My bby all i need cuz shes everything to me
relaxing with my furry child catching up on movies and then watching the Bears win!
Amare had twisties ... Nothing more terrible than that.
Working on my 14th hour of nonstop work right now. Only 3 more to go..
way cool, my little brother will love it! (me too)
Here we come !
killed ! Owned those Function 1's!
Don't ever go full sock monkey.
& Christine - Pleasant surprise, thank you! Amazing sharing with experts & us learners at #tcbsm4hr. Congrats on the event.
how is it so cool? It's just Dallas? Lol
#20ThingsAboutMe I've really never done anything seriously bad before... My bad attitude is maybe the worse thing about me.
TY so much for RT my blog on the "bad kids."
Secure https setting now on Twitter for all users by default... Some apps will no longer work...
Strange weather for Winter.Even the trees are confused. Some started blooming flowers in February when they should do so Spring.
Alex is sexy (;
the tongues out and everything... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Teachers need to chill with all this work and worry about the FCAT.
Howard won't accept Sheldon's apology and this makes Sheldon very confused. Watch The Big Bang Theory with us at 6:30!
I went on a blogging spree last night! I blogged an entire weeks worth!
ask snoop dog and his pals, they seem to have that chalice thing down pat..
woo happy birthday to and mah' bestieeee c:
it does. I know it.
#musicmemory "all you wanted" michelle branch... first boyfriend
GOP against folks going to college is an attempt to keep the Rush making 50 mil per year to spew his crap.
goodnight <U+E32A> i love you Jason .c:
you are the man
I love that it's US Open time again! And 2 weeks till in concert at San Diego House of Blues!!
Sitting on the bus to Dayton! So excited to watch world guards and independent guards at wgi!
Woo hoo for college.
where are you?
If you think the problem is out there, that very thought IS the problem
But it's my birthday week. So I think I'll start celebrating tonight
Grown up concerts are funny. People sit, eat popcorn and there is no pot smell.
I'm doing that, too. RT : Maybe I can do a list of the 10 Best Films along with my 10 Favourite Movies.
Friends are like condoms. They are always there to protect you when things get hard.
Well it buys me a little time but mom picked me up and took me in so I did the only thing I could do. I hissed at her. :o]
love u
Almonds have been shown to help lower your levels of bad cholesterol. Try a handful as an afternoon snack.
The Blasphemer Trilogy is complete and sent off!
Let all #Portland golf geeks unite! RT: "It's back. Yes, I'm a golf geek..."
I heard Jack and Diane on the radio this morning and starting laughing out loud.
It's about time I made myself more awesome ! I have some huge goals to reach this summer, and I'm not going to let anything stop me.
brainfart on my part...I guess. Thanks for the feedback. I know its the other way around...
I swear folks jus like 2 argue
Don't expect anything from people because people suck.
#cocaine80s is no i.d's new mixtape. we takin back to high school, cuz Common is on this mother.
my lips be dry
Rt speed racer off vol1 been stuck in my damn head all day.."damn that's pretty huff but u got off.
RT Success comes in cans, not cant's.
If there is 1 thing that I have lrned about going to school in this city, it's that on any given day u can find someone to go out with you.
this morning was a definite fail
Facing the Giants
other than being sick, awesome. Great to see everyone, also got to see the wives and kidlings on Saturday.
so now i cant even observe games on pokerstars? sauce vs rui happening and the software wants me to download play-money-only version :(
has a fellow #Socialist, Francois , leading #France. Aren't we tired of these social experiments?
Stop waiting for the next best thing. Stop waiting for the other shoe to drop. Be an active participant in your own life and happiness!
- ah ha! But that is just part of their wily plot to disarm you!
If you liked CARNAGE ROAD, THE FRENZY WAR or COSMIC FORCES, please consider posting reviews at Amazon! Stuff like that helps.
I bet it already exists... I'm gonna be looking for it too haha
lol, yes I did and yes you are, but I couldn't pass up that offer. ;P
Thanks for helping us spread the word !
Watching some #WWYD :}
indeed, just classic. we need to start coming up with more words like that.
aw...it's cold there
Why build these cities glorious if man unbuilded goes? In vain we build the world unless the builder also grow - Edwin Markham
Thursday XOdallas 101.7 is broadcasting live and they will be giving out tickets for Enrique Bumbury and Zoe's concert.
I need a booking agent!
go to my page on twitter and u gonna see the picture i put up... It has the peace sign and mb names on our hands
my favorite genre of music is quasi-60's Lynchian dream pop.
Yahoo CEO in trouble for resume "blunder." Front page of the I can hear 's Monday response already.
NASCAR is for racists.
Sean and I would have the most beautiful children!
Shivers... Remember the HR in the 8th he hit last year to clinch it? He's too good.
#mediachat Social media management, from engagement to analytics - how can tools help and what you need to know to make them effective.
Mom caught me twerking O.O
We got to #300 - thank you #Team24Infinity!!!
I love turtles <U+E106>
i know where, its a secret :) pack your truck amigo....Dan Banks and the Horse Pickers
So are we doing this?
Its like Pandora is reading my mind
Anyone else find that the more Franco you watch, the more recurring themes you notice? Countess Perverse was thematically similar to both...
Looks like I'm going to be in an upcoming online "Member's Spotlight" for
Watching the last song (;
Excited to write this article on don't ask, don't tell. Not a fan of that law. Not one bit.
Pizza hut with Carolina cuz YOLO
top 10, dunk, dunk, dunk, dunk, unreal goal should be number 1, dunk, dunk, who gives a shit NBA sucks.
Us too.
my bro man came through with info for me
Another question for re: children by Mr David Peña @ SDSUChildren'sCenter: Show affection 2 form holistic view & world citizen
Just read your post. Both had our hair chopped when we were younger. Go figure. Have a good night.
sent! getting in touch with is an awesome idea :)
Private event today !
I'm following most everyone who follows MELUS, and I've put a list together of Ethnic Lit tweeters--anyone I shd. add?
Where's that rib joint you were talking about earlier? Michelle's already hungry again! Shocker!!!
You know you're in love when the hardest thing to do is say good bye.
Doc Rivers on Avery Bradley: "I thought he played fine [in second half]. I didnt' think we'd have him. At halftime they said we wouldn't."
Her 'food' is processed by the enemy.
you rock. Where are you from?
I kinda gave up when tons of people I want to win joined :(
Let's keep going!
Had an awesome morning workout!! :)
Great -__- wasted a friday; blah a little tipsy thought x.x.
Did You Know? Border Collie clubs have mounted an active campaign to keep their breed OUT of the AKC
Hola tocayo! Hope all is well with you and yours.
"he who closes his ears to the views of others shows little confidence in the integrity of his own views."
She has zero interest in bed time. I have zero interest in having a puppy full time.
Lost without music
either get the Justin.tv app or you might have to get the app skyfire for any other sites
#nhdebate Newt finally comes alive!
You are making a big step and were going to support you through it all.Were here to stay and will never ever leave you okay?<3
There is not enough nirvana in my life.
thank you. I'm good. How are u?
I should not be wearing pants right now.
email or fb works :)
Celebrate the WINTER SOLSTICE-shortest day of the yr in terms of daylight in No. Hemisphere-by adorning your home w/ a yule log & mistletoe!
hahaha hanging upside down from trees. NICE.
wow! Really!? Would make for good TV!!
Taking the elevator bc im an American.
i never said fight but what ever
Bad call in 3rd inning of #NLCS last night cost the Giants the game. Straight down w/o touching plate = foul ball. Even Halladay knew it.
What we could do is just hand the ball to Kobe every time we make a drive. More efficient that way.
Thanks for the follow !
TODAY WAS GREAT :-)
Letters: Mortgages And The 1940 Census
Still can't get over the fact that we were a powerful David Stern away from the greatest back court in NBA history.
If you have blocked by a large number of people.
Everyone at Hollister can go fuck themselves, store is basically highschool all over again, grow the fuck up.
whats been good man im tryna find some management
Who you spend time with and who you listen to creates your life.
Thanks dude
Come on! Your days of freedom are numbered. Have fun while you still can! It's not like you work hard on Fridays anyway, right?
Not really. Colt was a 3rd rounder who essentially got a 20 game trial, and they moved on.
It's not that it hurt me or my feelings.. It just pissed me off.
#CancionesEnEspañolQueNoPuedenFaltarEnMiMP3 I have no idea what this even means or why its trending haha
Sorry to anyone who has tried to call or text in the last hour or so. My phone is being wonky.
Do you just quote things from you favorite tv shows that you watch?
of course birthday girl! :D
8 prints shipped off to Bham for framing for Magic City Art Connection. I'm getting a bit nervous about this show. Not my normal audience.
Boehner's failure may give President more leverage to invoke 14th amendment & avoid default - but White House says it won't do so
Argh...someone shared a site for creating awesome infographics and now I can't find it! Anyone?
good choice. I think she's hilarious on Parks & Rec. I wish I could be as dry and deadpan as she is, but sadly I'm too nice. :)
9 year old boy drives to his elementary school tuesday morning. his mum was in the passenger seat. eh??
"You lift my feet off the ground; spin me around. You make me crazier." <U+E328>
Haha Good thing he didn't say bra RT : , I Walked into a dude at the park, he said "sorry bro"..
It was a thrill to see CAA on the caller I.D. haha. Sad part, it stopped me in my tracks from writing, just now getting back.
ready for more ThirstDC? They've got an entire Smithsonian line-up Apr. 26 - hope to see you and your hubby there! :)
Happy Mother's Day to you RED HAUTE MAMA!
Ice cream maker attachment, IPOD docking station, and a job... all in a day's work:-p
try the firefly tea vodka too
Flip practice yesterday. Indoor pool, warm, clean water...A MUST have skill for all scullers.
No no mind ruined. Why did I click that link? Why? I knew I was in a bad neighborhood
Oh haha, I'm not suprised! Haha you're there early! Are you wearing heels or flats?
Let us know how you're spending your Mother's Day, YUMs!
i agree with you on that! :)
universal truth is not measured by mass appeal.
I will love Thee, O Lord, my strength; the Lord is my foundation, and my refuge, and my deliverer.
no I'm not home I'm at school and in probably goin to Mexico
A. Tenfelde getting the nod tonight.
wtf? Just leave her alone.
Festive Soiree w/Robin Pluer & Friends <U+266B> one night only (Turner Hall) Dec. 8 at 7:30pm! begin the holiday season en Francais!
The guy that staked me, took me out AA<Q9 off all in pre. Why stake me then bust me? Makes no sense.
I apologize in advance, but you are about to get a Badger Nation recruiting overload. Lots of recaps from us to read!
If you keep throwing your vagina out there, of course you going to look like a ho, sorry.
Thank you ~
no I believe that is exclusive to that area haha
#lifeisgood speaking at #adclub CMO breakfast today. Optimism is a great message to start the day!
Wiz's verse in Pay phone >>>
Ms. showed up to #practicetweets today with not one but TWO coffees. I think she's getting the hang of this internet thing!
IF ANYONE IS SELLING VANCOUVER B.C. floor or lower level seats, please tweet me!
YES that's how us #beliebers roll..#BoyfriendBrokeTheRecord u Tell Beliebers to break a record for Justin, and we'll do it 4 <U+2665>
plenty of games to watch tonite.. asu-u of a..heat-cavs..eagles-texans..suns-warriors..asu hoops happy til 7.... don't miss out
Private lesson. So, yes.
Connecting business affairs and traffic across tv and online video is more critical now than ever. ~Extreme Reach
What are we gonna do to fix this major crisis?
Hey Andy, we need the final corrections to your Teaching Arts and Science with the New Social Media chapter! Check your email.
#InstantTurnOn lip biting
I'm sure
Sunday quote: "Earth laughs in flowers." -Ralf Waldo Emerson
RT : A plan to make James Joyce’s manuscripts available online sparks yet another controversy over the Joyce copyright....
Almost 5 million followers......so I heard this crazy rumor that you follow fans, is it true?
the suspense of waiting to hear abt fellowships is killing me. and preventing me from focusing on anything...
Ever been in love? It's nice, you should try it.
I'm already knowing!!! Have a good week Miss Sophie :))))
so, im spending the whole day & night with my boo tomorrow ;) oh yes.
FLYCANDY is the #1 Urban E-mail Marketing Firm in The DMV; Reaching a Six Figure Database! Let us make your campaign Fly!
Doing a tinychat tomorrow from 7-9 EST so make plans to stop on by! haha
All my #CysticFibrosis friends- who thinks we need to buy some Vertex stock so we'll be able to afford the Df508 meds? $300k per year?!
I can understand if someone has a blatant Philly accent, like a south Philly one. But sometimes I don't think it's there
Eating everything in sight
Awww, I didn't get to see you at all!
yeah and awe dat sucks :/
thank you:)
Hey everyone stay cool today!
I think he'll take the prologue, i'll do the main chapters and bill buckner can take the epilogue.
He is not dope
Hear from a sex offender about the MKE Co. sheriff's dept.'s annual Halloween tradition to keep kids safe: "Knock & Talks" on #cbs58 @ 10pm
Oh gosh… I guess my fate is sealed!
Democracy, not theocracy!
old lady status.
RT : Seriously nice airport. Also city was lush green on way in. Nice.
It’s Edward Steichen’s #birthday! Search ARTstor for steichen eastmanhouse to see hundreds of his photos and the original inscriptions.
Hangin out with before the show:))
I LOVED it!(: it was my first time and y'all are HILARIOUS!(:
lmbo but true
time travelers wife is such a good movie.
I just started what I hope turns into a flame war. It's been years since I've been in one of those.
You've ruined my life enough, that I don't even care if you move. At first I was sad, but now I just don't care. Have fun in Cali.
Mary Cheh is being re-sworn in as the Councilmember for Ward 3
damn Alaina you so fine I just want you to be mine valentines day would be our first date I'd open my heart like you open a gate..
The highest endeavor of the ind, and the highest virtue, it to understand things by intuition
I think I have carb poisoning
“: what are you guys doing? #lol” none of your business mr traveler
I'm never sure how to answer on value of PhD programs -- I think best I can say is, "It depends."
.400 18 HR and 43 RBI... that is numbers you only see in video games..
new rule change?
Certainly will if I can!
