Why is "The Situation" at the game?
“: I'm trolling into your conversation and I say he's 28.” getting warmer. Lol
I'm on #googleplus. Are you?
Grading papers while a million kids are wildly running around me at the Children's Museum. Now this is balance....
bee bed bed :)
I really don't tweet enough should I ????
I only saw the one tweet so I don't know who you were referring to. I mean, I DO know Sendak and Julie Andrews.
Dear student: Do not waste my time with lies. If you didn't email it, don't claim you did. I'm only more annoyed when I go looking for it.
"If you ain't tryna get drunk why you drinking?"
looks good from here.
#Santorum is sorry only b/c his "throw up" ploy backfired, not b/c it was grossly exaggerated or inaccurate.
At SF int. leaving for Seattle, playing tonight - One of the most wonderful club in the country
so is the python in my pants ;)
Wow this man want to take his wife on a 90 day retirement cruise 4 60k!
EVEN MY GRANDMA SAID HE WAS CUTE.
I'm on a paper chase
Quick whats ur fav Sting song? Hanging out in the lobby of watching STING on ABC.
Bojour Bella! Did u get the box I sent from NY yet?? Buzz me when u do. Luv u & Miss u doll face XOXOXOXO
#SCdebate will one of you vomit to making the US energy independent by the end of the decade the way JFK committed to a moon land
I was skyping with my twin while out this weekend. It was kinda embarrassing cuz it looked like I was talking and looking at myself 8-\
The show is very affordable, at $0. Looking forward to seeing your face in the place, tomorrow at 8pm. 10634 Magnolia Blvd NOHO, CA 91602
Off to the solo contest! Wish me luck! Good luck to everyone else playing as well!
you still got me hunn(:
UUUUUUUGGGGHHH another commercial I tweeter this like not even a min ago and another freakin commercial oprahs pissin me off lol
The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl
Hmm...16% battery left any guess at how long that will last me?
Last non-sequitor tweet tonight: if you play pickup bball like it's Game 7 of the NBA Finals, boxout whining and all, you're lame as hell.
Stop by Wells Fargo today in Indian Hills for a free shave ice and prizes
I feel like making a shoutout video at like 10 at night ..
I'm going to miss in school. </3
If you're waiting for your #PetQuest 2.0 questions, they will be delivered to you in a few minutes. We had a technical difficulty.
Stickin' it to the man.
Glad to see reality hit Facebook in the face. Now, let's get real about Apple folks. Glad it's up 2day but last month = brutal.
sorry for the late reply! But yes... Sorta. I was just excited because I got Everything I wanted this year! :)
The #futad event has live tweeing tonight! Just use the hash tag.
On my way to for "how to break into journalism!" excited for our panelists and participants! good job !
thats like saying only black people are on welfar, have kids out of wedlock, etc.
Good Morning!!!!!!! On the grind & Jesus is still Lord!
Who is better sax man: David Sanborn, Ernie Watts, Grover Washington Jr, Clarence Clemons or ???? Kind of unfair to throw the big man in mix
My five year old has declared Sundays and Mondays to be Naked Days. What happens on Naked Days, you ask? "You're naked all day," says he.
I was trying to send you my cell number in a DM so we could text about meeting up but you aren't following me on here.lol
u working today?
Local weather guy just gave me the "futurecast". How's that different from a forecast? Less reliable?
She's the best!
I can't fake a laugh
Gotta major decision to make soon
lol don't worry. We all hate sluts!!!
Have a hangover like headache, without the fun of going out the night before
used once for a trip to lisbon, portugal and it was terrific. just like any of those sites check for feedback and ratings.
She is trying to dust off her money before she dies.
The wrong person walked out of my life, and the right person walked in.
First tailgate of the season! Go brewers! Go NARB!
If you're stupid, go find a bridge and jump. I have NO patience.
“Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.” #Rumi via
We've seen everything good. We've seen the whole city! We went to a museum, we saw priceless works of art! We ate pancreas!
One Direction need a break. For them, and me. I can't keep up with them!
backing to Italy
if I'm not mistaken, Brazil had a playoff system up until a couple years ago.
It can't be Worst Movie Ever because Twilight was made. As was Red Riding Hood. Note they're by the same director.
Dam.. I love Payphone... :) Maroon 5. :D Cant stop listening to it.
Get ready for the second question of the week. Answer True or False using #acsskin and be entered to win a plush throw. RT for 2nd entry.
Yes. People have to feel like they're not good enough to be there. That's most of the appeal, right?
Monster wounds Abel...combat continues.
I thought it was in-e-ché
As if finals weren't enough.
Thank you. We love your product!
he's a pussy
There's no way I could ever deny them eternal happiness through marriage. I stand with and support gay marriage.
There is no such thing as bad weather, only weak people! I just ran 40 min in a thunderstorm lol
What we really mean is that we love you and we miss you <U+2665>
Chocolate overload.
And now looking forward to the butter knife!
I can send you as much as you need buddy but only if you promise to not let have any
hope you can make it.
I'll be in STL until Sun. night…but Im sure you can find something to do with your extra time here in Vegas…
My Suggestion to Twitter: Just one account for one person. Zbynet.com is coming. Just one, Just you!
possible to mount the Play 3 on the wall out of the box?
#somf sure know how to take a regular convo and make it really awkward...
~ You've said a lot of things to inspire me ovr the yrs Rick. But today you hit me with the hammer brother. I Appreciate You!
You are a sweet loving trainer I would love to train under your instruction when I come to la I would love to make a changes
you are a liar. I bet you 45 and on welfare.
My dad about the watch the throne cd I burnt him: "loving my Conway and JayZ"
Thanks to all who came out tonight! Great times were had.
Have fun in LAX!!!
I was so distracted earlier that I forgot to tweet about The Vampire Diaries finale!
Minnesota Senate to hold two hearings on Vikings stadium
Go for it. I personally guarantee you'll love our service. It's top notch
So exciting!
first time watching the LA Kings this playoffs... this team got hot at the right time
Lets Go Illinois, Keep It Rolling!!
Thanks for tweeting! Can’t wait to see your official video for
classic rivalry continues on TNT
Also for things you can't get here, e.g. cuban rum. Buying it AFTER security checkpoint is key
lmfao don't tell that! No wonder your ass is always smiling! Connie you will be fine!!
Let me check. is leading the charge.
HAHA this is awesome!!
Haha, maybe you're right! I just hate having to flip-flop on a piece of code because of… external feedback. :)
Just tweeted one of my tunes (hip hop/pop). Check it and share! Its called "you're beautiful". Dedicated to all women fightin' breast cancer
Well, today is my lucky day! is following me! How you doing in that list? Caught up yet?
In Spain, it is common to pour chocolate milk on cereal for breakfast.
Miami all day..
Watching PBS News Hour try to spin JP's Jamie Dimon as a Republican. He's about as GOP as Jon Corzine.
Charlize Theron's character in Young Adult needs her own show.
If people would #donate ONE HOUR of their wages to a favorite cause each month, we'd have a #better planet. Roll up your sleeves & do it!
Don't forget the "Look Good Feel Better" Gala at Sears tonight - support a great cause #PEI #Ch'town
Happy Easter!! love you
That's so sad! #STOPANIMALABUSE I hate those commercials & all the dogs look like they are crying.
I would LOVE that. I loved that so much, I was freaking out the whole time haha
I feel like a rat in a cage!
MT : Tebow being allowed to pick team he wants to go to. He picks the trade. Jets or Jacksonville. <-- Amusing.
Even if u weren't a fan once u watch this ceremony I gaurantee tht you'll start listening to #whithneyhouston R.I.P.
Is this dude really trying to sing. SMH stay in your lane in spin the music
Thunder dump at anything fitness
haha I thought u were in central pk:) let's play when u come back, hope u kicked butt 2 day ;)
Dude's car was lost, now found.
thanks for the vote fam. God bless!
ie: status on the list student orgs / surveys. Please email me what you spent last week's hrs on.
General Counsel 4 #kochbros , Mark Holden, refuses to answer Martin's ? of whether #kochbros A.L.E.C. is sponsoring "Stand Your Ground Laws'
We need to redirect ...the real problems are ???????
I'm starting to think the more you complain, the longer God lets you live.
*checks train schedule* :)
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 5
Thank you for sharing! About 100 posts later, looks like your students had a lot of thanking to do indeed.
Expect to be tired. :-) Stick to UK meal and sleep times or you'll pre-long it. Opt for Dextro tablets rather than caffeine.
Eatting chocolate in class :D
Dark day in motorsports world lost of Dan Wheldon and Rick Huseman RIP to both motorsports world will never be the same
what's going on at wakefield?
naw I'm off
haha I leave Auckland today to join hubby in NYC!!! I'll start sleeping again when I get to the mighty US
a fundamental design flaw in both zombies and vampires.
That's an effing terrible play at the blueline by Wideman.
#disneypickuplines bet u feel freaky when I slip u my Micky
I still love and support Justin. #BOYFRIEND is amazing and I can't wait for #BELIEVE and
glad you enjoyed. We had a blast playing. Dogs are far for picture friendly
Keep It G. Bump that. (;
I need to get my own gas money & It's so hard finding a job. -.- ugh.
happy tomlinson tuesday! :)
"You might say 'You can't change the world.' But I say, 'I can do more than nothing!" - R. Brad White
In companies large and small, great minds are devoting their lives to endeavors that, even if wildly successful, fail to do great things.
preparing for an audition tomorrow..... really challenging part....
If you're a business involved at some level in youth health and fitness - anywhere in the USA, let us know about you.
Thanks for RT Come by to pick up your Friends & Family Form ; ) and register for May 24th's Grand opening with the #NCCChamber!
#TWITTER QUIT HACKING IN OUR PAGE
I hope I find time to fish and relax today
Have a good nite sad its going to end soon
Thanks to and for their great work today; really enjoyed it
Get your address situation figured out?
fantastic! Thanks for sending it. And your #1 is enough for me...
Tomorrow I go Behind The Scenes at the Farmers Insurance ProAm with Padres' pitcher Heath Bell on the green! 5-7am
Thank you and for the Pinterest invites.!
Are you a tech wiz and want to use your skills to make a better and smarter Baltimore? If so, message me for more details!
; where's Corryn at, dude??
RT : Jim Abbott threw a no hitter in 1993 and has no right hand. Don't tell me you can't ever do something
and video made my day yesterday xD we lost the game :'( everyone waz depressed
beccome obsessed with ruining your life. The implication that he moved my daughter so far away from me damages my reputation. It is very
That awkward moment when ur 3yr old brother puts on london bridge and its the bad version and he starts dancing and singing to it..
How can you be my best friend and not be there for me when I need it, call me names behind my back, and get mad every five minutes?
I was the girl that you mett in time square today!! u made my day <33 please follow!! <33
good luck!
Blessed with so much . Trusting friends , supporting family , a good life , and have the most amazing girl to myself <3
What are you doing this year for #EarthDay to start reducing your #carbon #footprint?
Covario Sees Highest Growth in Latest Search Agency Rankings by Ad Age
#AsAKid I had a bad obsession for the Jonas Brothers
Oh my God, how ironic. Haha! That made me laugh in real life.
We used to call it Brown Eye
My dad doesn't like cats. There's no way were related.
Countdown to tonight's portfolio happy hour: T-minus 5 hours!
so, someone i've known for years said to me, "you're not as nice as you used to be." to me that meant, you don't let people play you anymore
Zendaya is so beautiful! you should be proud
Name/person in the body of a tweet is who i'm talking about
Spatula Guy...I'm pretty scary to the meat people or 'meaple' as I call them....
Belk charity sale tomorrow 5/2. Donate $5, earn 20-50% off purchases (no cosmetics/fragrance). Also enter to win $1000 shopping spree.
wow really im sry u have to live with that ive been threw it to lol
remember that time that i hate you...
can you make me some noodles lol
so whats that gotta do with anything
We have order 1000s of pins from them, with maybe six rejects total. Amazing quality standards.
feel free to stop by & drop a comment anytime my dear:) Thanks again & i will. *Ms Spicy
N a relationship you 2 should have phone conversations, don't just text each other all the time! "yea"
“: The Vines, am I right? Cc: ” YEAH BABY Craig Nicholls is a god.
Heading to the studio to finish up the demos for Shadows We Make EP. Good things to come soon. :)
I vow to become Miss Frizzle when I hit 35.
interesting. thank you
#People #need to #start wereing #belts #plumbersbutt is so #grody Cereal Bowles
RT @: RT : Follow my boo and my team ! #TheyAreTheBest!
all going well, learning new stuff every day :)
Sump pump replacement try #2 was far more successful than try #1. I need a condo.
Sign up today for the MDA Heroes Ride leaving from Chandler Harley-Davidson and ending at Arizona Bike Week on Friday March 30th!
Judges just brought us from 500 to 50 pieces of beautiful DC design.
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life.
Here's the deal, follow us and tell others to follow us, then you can download our album for free at www.blasesplee.com
Beer + lemonade powder. Try it if you're poor like me.
Timbers Baby!
thank you so much. i appreciate all the love & support.
The Chris Collins campaign is not up on the Web yet.
How can I get into shape if I keep on craving pizza?!?!?!
Where is everyone this morning? Streets are empty! Did I get up early?!
Needing this night of relaxation and to get ish done. Gotta get a new attitude. bud light platinum?
As a teenager and even still now being 21, it's always love questions - it's always so confusing.
Yes. Hate those guys.
I think that's one of my favorite songs. The video should be out soon ... lots of mud involved haha
Great match! Uruguay played an amazing game - but the Orange Clockwork prevailed - go Netherlands!
Then Bond blows everything up, has sex with Dr. Goodhead (huh huh) on the Prime Minister's telly and Q is all "He's attempting reentry!"
x or z do you got a concussion like
Where are the gun advocates saying "if only the victims had had weapons..." in North Tulsa?
": That moment when you get a sweet text & you just sit there smiling at your screen like a weirdo"
Thanks for following ! I have heard you are doing wonderful things down there in Florida! I look forward to reading your tweets!
those are some great goals!
thanks for the reminder! It's on now!!!!
Smile beautiful
hear that you know well. partnership?
Kegging "Full House" pale ale today. Look for it at the Malt House and Vintage Brewing.
<~ She knows
Your welcome.
thanks ;) whats up
RSVP NOW for OVS' 2-day Sweet Home Alabama Trip to Birmingham and Florence on July 21 and 22! RSVP deadline ends tomorrow!!
lol yeah i know im going to wear it though but idk people in Mahopac like judge people..a lot..
dear bugs: I know I'm dirty and all but please get away from me.
Ding, ding, ding! You have unscrambled the word correctly. I'll DM you the password for tonight.
Inside the NFL Network set with the crew. Find the
It isn't myriad lights
Pres. Obama released his long form birth certificate today. What are the birthers gonna do now?
So done with this so called "homework" thing
Being sick really sucks
Finally I have been tracking calories and my diet with Lose It
Everyone in Baltimore is on board... Thanks for putting us on the map
"u r amazing..be strong..this shall pass..get a massage...relax..keep smiling..u have too much class to let it effect you..
I carry a Hello Kitty backpack for a purse. I have more than one. And HK sneakers and an HK watch. LOL
Long day.... Goodnight
Somebody famous once said "if you never miss a flight you're spending way too much of your life in airports" or sth similar
Read Thru for Don Juan tonight. Let the swashbuckling begin!
you are bat shit crazy. I dot feel bad telling this to you since I'm sure people whisper it in your ear almost everyday.
okay thanks!!
ufc on fox is live
I know I had a few drinks 2 many last night but realized a stranger on my bed in the middle of the night - It was my dog Juneau hugging me!
Looking forward to the digital panel #smwmiami. Great lead in to happy hour!
Me and my gs troop are selling girl scout cookies at the Richmond, KY Lowe's! Come by! :D
my own cousin doesn't follow me
RT : reply with yr fav #poetry image. "the road less traveled" next 9 tweets become a #poetrymash for
Honesty is the best policy. <U+6B63><U+76F4><U+306F><U+6700><U+5584><U+306E><U+7B56>
i know, i know...just watching from home. what a crock of hooey...can of worms? kettle of fish? pick your abused metaphor
: too b honest I just want $ so I can take care of my health & be in own place again. Creature comforts
Hi Ian! Your shout out was the best part of my life! Thank you so much! :)) I am honored!
lol! yaaay make sure add your own special twist to it (: ya football junkie.. me too hahaa
Anytime!!!Doing great Thanks:)
u guess that's no fun
lol Dany is referring to a tweet I retweeted about how no one should ever use that phrase haha
Incoming from Norway ADL conference: The Gamification of everyday life: the future of serious games Sara de Freitas
guess what? Todd did some bday shopping for me at the mall. 2 shiny fingernails this year. Thought you should know.
Wow, Mitch Kupchak really resembles John Malkovich with hair.
Have a happy 4th of July weekend Be sure to take a minute to search me, R. Shamar "The Minister of Motivation" on iTunes Rhapsody or Napster
AAHHH ok!! Soo cool. omg. Loll
My Savior loves, my Savior lives, my Savior's always there for me. My God He was, my God He is, my God He's always gonna be. <3
She's been Acquitted. And now she's free!! I think it's great!
Birthday in a week!!!!!
Is JF going to complain about not getting tosses. If he does can we get a refund?
i can hold i in anymore i love austin mahone sad my fone screen just screwd up and turned blue
it's ok everyone has there off days
"Hundred million ways to break a heart, and that's one you taught me." ::benji hughes::you stood me up::
after this day 10 years ago, my brother served in Iraq & Afghanistan & my cousin lost a brother inlaw #GodBlessAmerica blessings 2 all :)
I'm just trying to talk to my gf more than my ex. ;)
First day of break and my tummy feels horrindous.!
Soft kitty, Warm kitty, Little ball of fur.
No, I'm hypothetically saying, "You win and you lose."
Welcome , , , and ! Thans for following!
Please call Matt 1-800-613-4305 x2 or shoot him an email at . He can go our different services with you.
according to your tweets you arent really dj khaled you're just a robot
MLB does it right: Interactive gamecasts, massive amounts of stats, in-game video highlights and live look-ins for every game
what does "no cause for action" mean? There is a pile of trash sitting in a vacant lot. Furniture and other debris.
Gates are down, lights are flashing, but the train just isn't coming.
Follow the best!
thats a dam shame!!! U are great man!!! Hope you make it big!!!
Please checkout my pro-JC Pinterest board 'Jesus Died for Your Pins'
I'll pray for you
#NowPlaying Hawaiian Roller Coaster Ride - Jump 5 <U+2665>
Much better
“: Why am i crying? Tears of joy! ” Me too!
But it's so nastay!
Bruises by Train
Now the fun begins
It wasn't until I owned a Mitsubishi that I truly understood Evolution.
<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> Respect <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>RT : #winning #winning #winning RT : u helped
He's Just Too Perfect.
day #2 no coffee -- so far, so good. i just want something warm to drink, though... also, this is day #5 of no meat...don't miss it yet.
this is true. The shoes make the outfit. Anyone who says otherwise is nuts
ITS MINE ITS MINE ITS MINE WHO'S WORLD IS THIS
Of Mice & Men FTW!!
lunch? hm
I bet u turned it into pie!
Thx Sue! Have a fab day!
Well that was really shitty of you.
#ala71! RT : Fun fact: the precursor to GLBTRT held a kissing booth at in Dallas, in June 1971.
Our Love For BTR Is Endless, indeed it is, they no longer are Halfway There anymore :')<3
I'm a SUNY Cortland alumni...remember the crisp fall days (in Sept) and the rest of the time it was cold.
Stephen Weiss has been waiting a very, very long time for this. // RT : Weiss on a rebound again, 2-0
Thanks for the follow
Want a #coffee maker? We have one at a big discount right now at www.dealshow.com Go get it!
Come visit out family-owned bike shop! We'll help you find a bike that fits you lifestyle!
what are u doing bro?
I kno my god mom will do it for me I love her
Happy Monday to all my tweekers! I mean tweeters haha have a wondeful week and hope all is well :) hope to do business with most of you too!
I know. I just read that
I will baby
Philadelphia's Highly Anticipated Global Fusion Festival &amp; Week Returns for ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Great "Factotum" dialogue: - Wine gnats. - Sons of bitches are hooked. They know what's good. They drink to forget their women.
Wearing floppy pants to my first improv 401 class. Wish me luck.
Bristol Palin lectures President on traditional marriage. Oh, when did she get married? I woulda sent a gift. :)
#slaname at least we only mix up SLA with service level agreement, but can figure out the context so quickly
About to watch the movie Paranormal Activity. It won't be as scary as the sound of Ruth Madoff's voice in her 60 Minutes interview.
thanks so much...i'm a member so I'll keep a look out!
Big Sean >
HA! Next up, weather on the green screen!
#daddydaycare My daughter told me my face needs a haircut! Haha! Maybe I should shave! Hahaha!
I don't care how old you are. If you have ever had Teddy Grahams. You will understand me when I say they are the best!!
@ gwendolyn, announced in a tone of pious satisfaction
OK, that was hilarious. Mary J. Blige practices anthem, press box runs out to watch and gives huge cheer. Then, rush back inside to work.
Exactly! I have loved meeting twitter-peeps worldwide! Right, ? :)
love that place...enjoy!
this isn't going to end well, is it...crap...
I enjoyed the interview earlier today
No problem.
can u say HOT MESS
research proj: genre and listening practices. Provide ethnographic detail to the large numbers, nuance to the monolith.
Wait are there actually heat fans in the crowd during a first half!? This must be one HUGE game.
Here we go! Game 5 starts now.
Just saw a tweet that said "How to dominate SM sites to generate traffic." How about simply produce quality content?
Idaho: Rudy Kovacs, Idaho State University professor of art, will retire in January after serving on the ISU faculty for 31 years. For...
What a game.
Mondays are for Top Gear. :)
Giving your partner a massage will deepen the connection in your relationship. Try it!
Watching "Saturday Night Live" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
getting off my computer now. hopefully I wake up to a tweet from my idol (you) <3. :) LOVEYOU SO MUCH. thanks for being you :)
Today's not only Mothers Day but a beautiful day to see how my lovely fans are doing! #4FANFriday I know it's not Friday..sorry!:D
I f**ckn hate valentines day
He is a jerk!-_-
Focus on what you do best <U+FFFD> running your business <U+FFFD> and DataBoost will do the rest.
Just saw a car on fire for the second time in two months. Weird.
HA HA HAHAHAHA!!!
wow and im almost up to 300 followers nice
I am charged about topic @ # DL10 "Mining the Value of Microsharing" story of how we implemented our microsharing solution.
why r u in an office?
just realized i can't dm you! we would love to talk to you, please contact us at - Holla!
Sicko. And lobsters still remind me of a large boiled roach. Lol
good job scholar
Can you follow please?
Watching my daughter's soccer practice. Can 8year old girls focus? Bgr8 now
Mismanagement a bit?
Returned to my library roots w/ a LACONI talk @ Oak Park this morning. Long way from hosting teen poetry slams in a vintage ballgown.
fair point.
So happy to digitally meet the folks looking forward to working with them!
I help put that smile on your face...didn't I... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
so true! The bed is my best and worst friend!
Actually, that was about the claim that there isn't long-form digital scholarship, not about metadata.
A swift roundhouse kick always gets you free ranch dressing at Applebees.
went to Bushwick for the first time yesterday and didn't get mugged!
Am reading Doris Kearns Goodwin’s “No Ordinary Time." Great descriptions of different leadership styles (e.g, the Roosevelts & Churchill)!
Today couldn't get any busier.
I z-snapped tonight and it was not in jest.
Thanks to SA Healthy Start for hosting this forum on health disparities in prematurity. healthystart
gonna go get my paycheckk, wes haninnin!
is passing 60 minutes to walk the dog.
Whose kid brought home the most candy last night?! :)
The most marketed song on the air right now wins for Pop Duo - Train "Soul Sister"
hahaha. You're funny.
Just noticed I spelled sandwich wrong.
We will be at the Mission Bay Community celebration Today! Stop by our booth and say hello if you are in the area.
Allergies! Bah! I will defeat you!
Hopefully the last link test.
Knock KnockWho's there !Borg !Borg who ?Borg standard !
you know that looks like chowder, and it looks chunky
#Bulls G Derrick Rose out for rest of Playoffs with torn ACL.
How to square the circle?
The only thing keeping me from making love while listening to Keith Sweat right now is the making love part
Daily duties are done. Now it's chill time. No work due or tests this week so I'm makin a Redbox run
if i tell you a joke will you follow me? WHAT SMELLS LIKE BLUE PAINT AND IS RED? RED PAINT. #CHEESY XD
One out of 20 people have an extra rib... Maybe you do too!
Thanks Chuck.
Amen! “: "Students don't go to college to major in Dev Ed!" George Fouts #Dream2012”
You are hands down, the most annoying and obnoxious person I have ever met.
be safe
I'll not go to sleep until you follow & tweet me something!:] I love you both! I'm totally tired :L
Dinner then getting ready for bed...#Exhausted <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Great job : Call back said w/in 15min; delayed past 30min. Finally called, to put on hold for 20min & counting.
Going to hang out with casey
Mention this tweet and receive a free 28 count multivitamin (Mega Men or Women's Ultra Mega) bottle with any purchase $10 or more!
More than all the things he has and can do, what is it that pleases the Lord? My trust in and praise to him! Psalm 147:1-11
Manchester Derby today!! Man Shitty vs Man United on espn, espn 2 & 3!! FORZA UNITED!!!! #20 is so close!!
Sporting an optical James Bond mouse!
A tweet about a bar's new seasonal cocktail menu is something that shouldn't be labeled boldly (or at all) as "breaking news."
Texas Battle League Mr. Smith going for his 2nd Dub!!!
yeah, looks like laptop only in room. At least Cisco arranged free resort fee at Luxor!
T.R. Reid lecture at PPL:The Healing of America: A Global Quest for Better, Cheaper and Fairer Health Care. 11/8 @ 5:30pm.
Ibuprofen does wonders! How are you besides that?!
yea use "mojobreak" for 10% ..thanks!
So I always get blue nail polish when I get a pedi but my guy convinced me to get white designs for the playoffs
More kids sick in Clackamas County because of drinking raw milk from Foundation Farm in Wilsonville
#teamFMG txs! It was a pleasure meeting you! u r gorgeous!!!
hoping ozzie and the ravens pick you up!!!
Shi Gung Rizzo will be teaching tonight! Clear your schedule and come to class tonight!!!!!
I'm still just a novice. Biggest fall back is the lack of technology on our boat. Feel free to share YOUR secrets!
Liam or Louis! x
thanks for the RT!!
Yes, I know how to sop it up, guuuurrrl!
damn female footprints on his windshield they was getting it in
…The secret that sits in the center and knows. ~ Robert Frost
I'm addicted to HGTV
With the Astros win, the Sox are the worst team in baseball.
OH GOD I BECAME WHAT I TWEETED ABOUT
Madison can be fun for a college town.
The latest NYTimes/CBS poll shows that 67% of those polled believe #Obama's #ssm stance was politically motivated, not necessarily bc policy
Thanks for following. I'm nuts too for my cats ... and dogs.
7 30 wake up... no headache. fall back asleep for an hr. Still feel fine!! :D Ha! Im back! Well ask me how Im doin' after work.
god I wish I didnt feel like I was going to puke everywhere
Openings for Shellac Manicures today! We are now offering Shellac Pedicures for $50. 577-8953!
Cant Wait for Church tommorow.....gonna have a good time
Look at me now bitch! xD
the Hulk catching [spoiler] shot? Which turned out to be at the end?
I won't regret this tweet; all of the best Jesuses were criminals.
i will be conducting the color guard before the game tomorrow, Go bucks go!
If Peyton Manning really cared about winning he wouldn't have picked the Broncos. Their roster sucks. His decision was all about $$$.
The world would be a better place I everyone sat down when they pissed. Or at least lifted the god damn seat
#LIBRA- If you fall for a Libra you will be trapped in there spider web of love <3 True ;)
1942 Gallants, Crystal Castlesvania, Mega Man Man, Skate or Die Antwoord
Play with her pussy , not her heart .
It is not that good. It's also the second part of a crossover that started with a comic book, strangely enough.
The two rappers will launch their 45-city trek beginning May 23...
Is today the day is gonna follow me? i hope so :D
or you just head over to Hofbrau and watch it on their big projection screen TV!
Wish the Bears had a coach like Jim Harbaugh...
I want all of austins videos to come back. I miss them. </3
Ron Paul NO :/
hope you two love Portland man!
love your new default pic! :)
yes, i know justin told me.
lol I know that song. It's also pretty uncontroversial. They should have used "Kiss me I'm Shitfaced".
glooping at miller park.
serious playoff contender? Come on they are still 3rd in the east
Drake stand fa Do. Right. And. Kill. Everything
hook me up with Harry. ;D lol!
Truth - esp. after getting DEMOLISHED in the play for the equalizer.. tough man that RT
one of our owners, Graham is speaking at our business workshop tonight about design. He's the one who made our new site
I have seen a strangely large number of Metallica t-shirts in the past few days.
Should it be called it the Music Hall of Fame? Motorhead needs to get in but the Beasties are a galaxy ahead of Styx in legacy.
how exciting!!!
78 degrees yesterday, <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>today! Time to crank the fireplace.<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
Good morning Chicago! What did you put on your plate (or in your bowl!) this morning to fuel your day??
Happy Columbus Day! Check out the parade downtown today @ 12:30 in Grant Park! www.jccia.com/Sponsored.html
Can't wait for show to start! : Kickin it at w/ to see Lovin
what up
Oh. Not "Mars". I was very confused.
#Bachelor party, really! Oh, that is so FUN! Congratulations!
what show is it again???
Have I told you the joke about the butter? I butter not. Wouldn't want you to spread it around.
god, if your a bitch on my page... -.-
's week on via : 8 retweets received, 1 new listings, 18 new followers, 18 mentions.
don't think I'll be able to make it in time. I'll be coming from Leading @ Living hope n Piperton. Would love to one day though
Thursday nights salsa night at madrigall the best place to be, great drink specials, best music and fun time, see you all there!!!
Black-Eyed Susan Picture Book Presentation at 9:00 am in Room 347. We'll be sharing next year's nominees and suggested activities.
Ha movie?? Is that with Kathy Bates?
Gonna go bake some cookies to take my new co-workers tomorrow. And as part of a tip.
just starting to wake up #JustPlayed Mac Miller- Loud. as the song past. it slowly woke me up more and more lol that's
Grant, thanks so much! RT Great, great article today in Congratulations! #greatnews for
Vote on opt in carries
Bad traffic on I5 South close to Kent Des Moines Rd
Juan Nicasio with his first career RBI on a single #Rockies up 8-3 on #Padres in bottom of the 6th
Omg d rose no
I pray for you all the time. I just want you to be healthy and happy!
Woke up at 7:03 today, ate, got ready, dressed (a jacket & tie since it's a teaching day) and checked e-mail
Gotta win two at home
Agreed RT : He is awesome Picked the winner at our KentuckyDerby pool, thus adding to the legend of Lucky Lustina
you suck at this. honestly I feel bad for you
I'm at that point in grading where all the essays seem the same. Come on, kids - surprise me!!
awesome job! Your AMA performance was amazing.
I say 'hahaha'
RT if you think #justinbieber is EPIC!
Burt is pissing me off.
cut and paste :)
Thank you! RT :
“Saving goodbye is the hardest thing I have ever had to do… I’ll see ya guys soon”
I'm Training Hard So You & Everyone Else Gets Everything From Me Up There.
Watching The Sweetest Thing with :) I adore her and I love this movie! Always puts me in a good mood <3
uv grown so much and I'm so happy that I stayed a #Belieber the entire time . I'm so proud of u <3 :)
Dear Lord, please let me have the strength to stay awake all day now. Sincerely, I'm tired as FUCK. x
hobbled 2 the water bowl 4 a cool slurp. and i mean hobbled. :(
follow back(:
RT : People like knowing how other people are dealing; we like to be in a tribe
yeeeeheee<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098> do tell in private text!
Oakleys and ray bans >>>
#np over my dead body
maybe start a fun site for aspiring clothing designers with tips and cool videos?
While being trapped in a room with no windows doors and any form of a way out
not like me tho! Ha
About to do my EDCO final. Hopefully I'm an effective peer counselor
People in the Mid-Atlantic are as passionate about crab as New Englanders are about lobster.
and Jessica Sanchez SUCKS!
i saw it said ur in AZ....are you still here?!?!
My mom just told me she thinks that Louis' the cutest. I think there all cute..... Wait, excuse me, sexy, so......
#media99 Sharon McNary Public Insight Network 80k contacts help break stories
Does someone wanna help me get more followers? I wasnt on for a while and lost followers. I promise i will give you a shoutout to! Thanks (:
Arent you suppose to be in school? Stop tweetin! lol
Woman because men fake relationships so technically their not cheating lol sad but tru
": So i went from 180 to 171 whoo hoo 20lbs to go" Congrats!! Keep it up:)
ok I'll check em out and see if I like them (:
Good point, I've seen the app though, and it's a long way from replacing its paper equivalent.
I'm excited to make mistakes and have my children learn from them
"I'm gonna cream my pants""you mean panties?" "well he knows I don't wear underwear so" "ok, then you can say cream my pants"
You may be a player, but you can't cheat on life.
Meek Millz Is hard !
RT Heading in, will be back out tonight in Elk Grove with a few other trucks at 7915 Laguna Blvd starting around 5:30
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I use to braid da shit out of everybody hair for Free
"I have good parking karma" -Marge
“: Leave it to to keep us entertained during stupid, awful work! ~ Faith” amazing!
Ignorant fuck at the station saying two guys and two girls on a poster is an abomination... I hope he has a miserable life...
Skyrobics with kicked my ass today! Loved it :)
both of us do.. Can't wait to cuddle!! I mean race...
You know it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> “: #KeepGoing”
On the other hand, it's nice weather to hit some trees ^_^
"I want, like, three steps below the best for you. 'Cause, really, I want the best for myself. Deal?"
in God send this message on, please don't ignore itthat Jesus said "If you deny me among men,i will deny you before my Father." Within 4 min
I'll be there!
Today I dug up a file from library school that I'm going to use in an event tomorrow. Never thought that would happen!
Gronstedt confuses the ways learning is enabled, extended and enhanced with the process of learning itself
You bet! I'll check it out. Thanks!
The day in and day out demands & expectations you place on your players IS you program. SWA
good afternoon amazing:)
So excited you're here tonight ! Thanks for joining us "It's Britney Bitch" :o)
Has anyone else seen the new Google+ app for iOS? It is really nice.
You said it. Not me.
hahahaha no shame. RT : everytime i see "I'm at The Locker Room" from you i want to respond "I'm not surprised." lol
Ha! This was fun
yup! June 28ish. Depends on movers. No place yet - not alot are up yet for July 1.
Expirmented making Buttermilk Fried Chicken, came out pretty good. The Jalepeno Mashed potatoes were the star!
ajdjdijdkwishsjksuw. YOU WENT ON A DMing SPREE AND I MISSED IT?!?! skdhdkaohskdisjshs.
#3Wordsforyou YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL
Grouplove just brought out the most unexpected cover. "I want to dance with somebody" yes that happened.
Thanks for the RT!
Ok well imma get you all caught up tomorrow. See ya girlfriend
I would never buy anything for $6.66
Yay!! Just auditioined for an feature and nailed it. Stay tuned!
shift-reload in browser to get latest js code? should be /command/core/create-project-from-upload now. note "core"
Romney is actually turning into a decent candidate. And if we elect the right Congress with him, we'll get most of the results we want.
No i didn't get a new one- I was just sitting in my car bored and decided to snap a picture. No real reason. HAHA. How are you?
thank you so much!!boy do I have some primo birth photos for STFU parents readers...but I will refrain from oversharing ;)
How to be happy: Stop comparing yourself to others. You're amazing.
"No man can be happy without a friend, nor be sure of his friend till he is unhappy." --Thomas Fuller
70 degrees on Monday! Thank you Jesus!! <U+E04A><U+E00E>
hey, i just found out im taking drivers ed in feburary and im so nervous. lol no one wants to get in the car with me
As a leader, is not just being an ethical person, but your ethical leadership: role modeling, rewards and communication about ethics
Hey thanks so much for reposting my video on facebook! So glad Korea went well for y'all :)
lovin life in south end!
Back in the studio this morning Ms.Beatz is handling my trks awesomely!!!! ear candy baby...........POOF!!!!!!!!!!!!
One more hour til the weekend. Sun's out. Life's good!
Shout out to my girl aka Tay-J for being awesome! Can't wait for you to come visit!
Definitely check out Bandwidthmusic.com! Great indie musicians and an online store!
Good morning!
clutch and clutcher
Have a great Sunday! ;-)
Just a heads up: I want 2 kids a boy and a girl, and they HAVE to be 2 years apart.
whats a typewriter?
- - haha, 99% of the time they say it was their first offense and/or they were just there to hang out. Yeah right!!
You know you're in New Jersey when the cable TV billboards deem the South Asian TV package as 'News to Celebrate.'
Arizona iced tea!!!
yeah that last one was kinda weak, thank you for helping me in the on going effort to keep it
Everyone can understand this. I have more battles with myself, than I battle with the rest of the world.
LIS intern workshops today: Google Analytics at 12:15 & Finding Primary Sources in the Archives at 2pm in the BLAIS Lab.
I don't remember 500 days of summer being this sad..
Sorry Pandora! I'm not in the mood for Christian rock on my OneRepublic radio
By far, Accept is the loudest show we've been to at !
I am frezzin my butt off! And it dont feel good.
We'd love to have ya! #BratPizza RT : Thanks for the follow! I need to make it a point to stop in there soon!
Ducks get the 1st stop of the game. <uh oh>
Tons of new info on the site:Two fun events, yesterday's meeting minutes, and membership info.
Thank you for the re-tweet :)
(But "Industrial Disease" would make me laugh again.)
I live in Oakland and work in SF
i no, rite? creepy!
i'm going to make a goal to write 1 song per week.....
Remember, I picked OKC in 5. But I've been proven wrong before, like I was in game 7 when I thought Denver would win
and i still dont feel like going to sleep WTF
Such a pretty day! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><U+2600>
Last showing of Episode 1, Slow Down Atlanta, with special Halloween WRITE CLUB ATL. tonight at 8.
its gross that these pathetic programs are in the conversation w/ uw. uw needs to learn how to recruit
343, oh my! You are all too kind! :)
no, you ARE like the smartest Mexican I have ever meet & I know a lot #RealTalk & don't worry I'm here to not make you bored :P
So I'm working on my revisions and feeling pretty good about 'em and then drops this bomb: "I finished two books today." #!!!!
aw thank you :') He's pretty fucking rad! LOL >.<
Beware the ides of march
As well he should be. Who else got in a fight at the Winter Classic?
thanks for the follow :-)
#Thethingis ..You suck
i was obviously in my room first and i aint getting out!
Hope you're having a wonderful time at the book fest in Austin. So jealous!
We have #Karaoke 10pm-2am tonight! If you sing a song you get a FREE SHOT!
I have #Miami in my mind.
#schoolmemories my nick name being mouse
"Don't chase you guests" and accuse them of stealing gallery guides
you already know cuzz
Yea..he messed up but he still did amazing :)
Seems so! Those are hilarious requests though. Always good to ask. ": I'm totally serious. People have tall orders!"
THE BEST!! RT Tampico with ice :D
I can't wait til the iPhone 5 I'm getting it
love you
Yep I rock with MadeStar... I'm over doin some awesome production! I'm even suprising myself. Lol
I know. Raw intelligence in itself does not necessarily make an animal estimable. We should destigmatize eating dolphin.
2 finals and a 5 page paper all today... Taking a week deserved break tomorrow
Math final over , next is my english final then I'm going home!!
My bench is beating my starting... Ugh, 114 to 91. Greene, Garcon, Gerhart, and Finely aren't helpful on the bench...
I wish I could read minds
Youu Miss Me ??
which record store did you work in?
It takes two to tango, but it only takes one to put on a Sweetband.
#celtics didn't close out, #lakers ain't doing as expected and w/ this food I caught the #itis .... I'm calling it one
So when do the pull the plug on the #RexHudler experiment?
Is this about our scrablle game lol RT : The past is over and cannot be changed. This is the only moment I can experience.
ATTENTION ARTISTS: Looking for artists for the next art show and future arts shows. please email
I am over the hospital About to lose it!!!!
Byron's edition of "Watt" archives the whole compositional process within presentation of the text itself.
What about them? Lol j/p
thx for RT'g msgs of support for #trayvon & hoodie pics, especially from outside U.S. We Americans need all the support on this.
Tired! It's 2 am here. #offline gotta get up at 7 am.
Hope you're still close to !!!
#Irene will be sending some bad weather our way tomorrow..but that doesn't mean you should hold off ordering the shirts your business needs!
In session on PD at #tie11. Great digital citizenship roundtable.
Headed to the beach :-)
Not sure what you're referring to... Btw I'm only at the station for Fernando & Greg. :)
Twitter is just a fancy word for stalking! ;)
Yeah,it's hard when you're going through a idenity crisis...hahahahahahah
is pretty . and he should follow mee and make me happy (:
you requested post fodder for g+...just a foggy brained response
44.3% of public libraries offer formal technology training. 34.8% offer one-on-one tech training.
RT : RT : Unfortunately, making pilots that dont get picked up to series is a big part of the job.
Man fuck this bullshit.... Your not going to bring me down while you out enjoying yourself...
Men piss me off! I fucking hate dead beat dads!
Are you including IR work in DL? Cuz there's an obvious role for subj. spec. in that.
kms because my phone won't turn on, cool.
So I've broadened the fitness concept to make it one of moderation and balance
Class choreo to Jeff Buckley. I could do this all night...
It is but notice I didn't answer it. Lol
Bet I hit u up like maann we aint get ish done bro lol but he got his follwers up haha
King Center.... Here I come
Need a good place to get a hair cut. Like saturday morning. Any suggestions?
My birthday was yesterday, FOURTEEN BABY!!!!
#BestThingAboutBeingSingle there's. No one to bitch at you
The self-checkouts at Woodmans West now have an English accent. I certainly hope that woman has a green card.
Thanks for the #FF shout out!
you're gonna make me barf.
he looks confused and its adorable(:
Having a talent or gift or knowledge isn't enough... Use it! "Application makes all the difference" (Andy Stanley)
Just passed a place called GROWN FOLKS CAFE...I guess I can go in there lol
My son is obsessed with tools..he is all boy
Just wanted you to know that #SteelerNation is behind you and hoping your knee gets rehabbed enough to prove
I would love this. I am home with the exception of three days until 5/21. Let's make this happen!!
I know how film shit works & I can guarantee you there's no way an extra who isn't a member of SAG made 2G's a week for a month.
yea he is. I was shocked when he followed me on here cuz I wasn't even following him or talked to him and out of nowhere
Has Jason Statham ever appeared in a movie where he didn't touch a gun and/or beat the snot out of someone?
BREAKING NEWS. Coast Guard looking for missing 12 year old swimmer in Hampton Beach, NH. Latest on 7News at 11.
Sports happen all the time around you.
U can stay mad at some1 4 so long until u start caring again
It was nice to meet you yesterday. I want to see your show and I hope you can see me in Lion King.
I live to feel as alive as I do right now!
Pumped to be back on XTSR Towson Radio with my boy for The Hot Read feat. #TheBigCheeShow...google XTSR to listen in!!
No one told you? Its all optional! Wow! Whats making you lean that way? have you taken any intro courses?
Yes, I'm going. You should go too!
#KSsynapse R.Tsien: Illuminate w/ blue light in presence of diaminobenzidine (DAB) to allow visualization. No antibodies or gold particles!
what is all this brook crap about
Fantastic! I will b one of your first followers. G
thanks, still learing social media. But glad to be one of your followers.
If you have a private question, please request we follow you (if we aren't already) so that you can DM us your ?!
Kaatttee..... We have like the same personality... we're both crazy Haha... plz follow me back. you rock! bye for now!
are you staying in nyc for the summer?? I heard that you and jude were getting internships or something like that
Glad to hear that Kim Mulkey's Bell's palsy is not permanent..great coach and motivator.
Back at volvo.
Facebook changes youtto their new account without asking breaks my link to my blog and my web site I trusted them to keep the links for me!!
no paternity leave for me mate! I did say to the Mrs that when the baby comes I am on the run again! 9 months of confinement
Heading to upstate NY today for parents' 50th anni. Meanwhile back at the U, the 09/10 requests for letters of rec have begun. 3 this week!
will you be able to work the team out Thursday I have to Goto long island
#ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina Fists of Vagina
just used my keycard to get into the Rose Garden! last time I had one of these was a year and a half ago & it wasn't quite this magical :)
Oklahoma City goal.
Listening now!
wow, so not only do you come after me, but Geometry teachers and toddlers learning shapes too!?
mediafire .zip files for whole albums :)
Top 5 in what?
That actually sounds really good. Ill have to try it. RT : Am I the only one who eats Oatmeal with Egg Whites in it?
Or did you mean "client"?
weird ... just brought home some donuts ... now me need caffeine!
“ No, I'm not single actually. You probably know my boyfriend. He's Vinny Castronovo. But shhh, don't tell him, he doesn't know yet. (;”
Then you URBAN folk have the audacity to post your GHETTO photos on Twitter as your profile picture.
JB concert in my room? F-YEAH!! I Love these boys <3
no shoe is comfortable when you're walking forever.
you know the difference between its and it's? If so, the job is yours; come on down to the land of cowboy boots, handguns, & bbq.
Whoa! I LOVE it! So pretty!!!
I swear I make it look too easy...
Noon it is.
That's really saying something, because doesn't it rain there a lot?
Good thing the Indiana Pacers aren't that good, cause if they were, the Heat would be down by 19!
Miscommunication throughout the nation
#MusicWasBestWhen the everybody on the radio didn't sound the same. early 90's
Random Fact: Febreze actually works by numbing your olfactory nerves making one think that the odor has disappeared.
Once you have feelings for som, those feelings will always be there. You may not like them anymore, but you'll still care.
imma listening to that . cause i can love you more than this
Not gonna hate on Stevie or Sir Paul but can we get off the elevator and rock?!
I was gonna straighten my hair for you but I got lazy :P
My boo starts his new job in Phoenix today #bittersweet ... I'm going to miss my fam and city.
#Sabathia faces #Tigers who batted .310 in Sept while #Verlander faces #Yankees who batted .239.
Eliminate "no problem" from your conversation as it implies it could be a problem.
Hi! I just sent you an email inviting you to our "Taste of Italy" event at the Italian Embassy. Hope you can make it!
Thank you, for the follow!
ok, we got a deal, now what ?
twirl my hair or bounce my legs
ahh excellent! I gotta get Yella over to asap lol
“: No one to tell us no, or where to go, or say we're only dreaming. –Aladdin”
So yeah. The Grey is a solid, solid film. I recommend you purchase it. drops his finest film.
Mine too ;) well, sort of, I like to play too!
"I read to learn what other people know. I write to learn what I know."
Keep your chin up, lad. The future hold great things for you. It's all about timing; don't rush things. You'll find your happiness.
Pick up a copy of during 6th period tomorrow! Find out about the mock DUI, Meadowdale threat, The Hunger Games, and much more!
Friday, at last. That's all I got.
Great fitting today with KC designer Can't wait to wear my custom-made dress to the show on Saturday.
I am not really to excited about the upcoming NBA draft..
I thought I already followed you, lol purplenurple
Make sure to " @ UWParties " with your biggest party for tonight. Let's party like we on top!
“: Ready to hit the links!!”Gonna play Wildwood tomorrow. U?
I showed the Andre video tonight, still as hilarious the second time around
Come in and beat the heat! Fesh Frozen lemonlimeade
People don't do their homework. Like I always said: Great speeches do not a president make.
TODAY MARKS OUR 48TH ANNIVERSARY IN BUSINESS!
30,000 people are expected to show up @ a church in Texas to see Tim Tebow give a sermon today. The Apocalypse is officially upon us.
aw!!! Okay!!! Don't start something u can't finish!!!
Is u a black female with no butty?
if tryon can have a theatre and MAC why can't pickens!!!!
I saw it ! It is so nice ! i love miley :D
Who are you talking about?
Please!! is one in 17 million the chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much demetria .. REALLY <U+2665>
Gonna be a good day, spending time with some friends and family(:
Thanks for the mention!!!
Pretty clever way of spinning the fact that you hooligans can't afford matching socks.
Some days I wish you could turn on creativity by flipping a switch
OMG OMG OMG #500kMAHOMIES!!!! our family is so freaking big and this is just the beginning!! :D
RT : Stunning fact: Endeavor burns 11,000lbs of fuel per SECOND on liftoff
Yaaay. Time to watch and on punk'd :D
Watching MLS Cup. Waiting for becks to score to make this a story book ending
Theres something wrong when u have 2 train the owner how to run his own company...ESP if u know what kinda greedy hypocritical ppl they r &
I tried #veronicamars but couldn't quite do it, too soapy. But now a lot of smart friends recommend it. So...
We fixed the graphic on our blog post yesterday and updated his post as well. Good eyes on your part, thanks!
finally made it in to work. Feeling alot better now that I got some food in me. Today is going to be a good day!
OMG I'm still at work!!!!!
Wait - what happened at the end? Someone explain....
ill dm him and help your dream if thats ok!!:D
come to the hood. We got beer on ice n some liquor.
Check Out My New Account! 'sAngelFace13
thank you so much<33
of coarse!! I swear these are the best ones I've made so far
I like it too. You are looking deep into my soul kinda look :)
I need some trippy visions 2day i think
Can anyone enlighten me on the "c-string"?
Track sent.
If a woman is bad at parking, it is only because she is constantly lied to about what 8 inches is.
With my mom at her appointment. Lord I pray nothing but good news. You are with her. Amen
oh well.
Will we hear from mayoral candidates? RT : My statement applauding President Obama for his support of marriage equality.
Thank you! :)
Excellent calorie burner!
This week needs to go by in super speed.
Last weekend for ChocoLee at 83 pembroke street. Looking for new and better location. order chocolates at
Monday's are way overrated
Am I the only human that has separation anxiety every time my dog goes to the vet?
A key to fixing the #housing #foreclosure crisis is to move #sales of #Fannie #Freddie & #banks #REO to a proactive & regional model.
RT : Reality is a product of our dreams, decisions & actions
Sticks that are basement-ish? I could go for some of those. RT Random , I Like Cellary Sticks W/ Peanut Butter , Yumm :)
thanks. we have two more venues to send out. but we close to notifying everyone.
Hey Criss.Those tatts on ur fingers, do they mean Victor's Cross? If they do, please tweet back n let me know.Thanx {*LoyalBri*}
Invading Boston stores with the improv bros, gummy worms for breakfast....
MOTHER OF GOD. WHY WONT EVER REPLY TO ME.
So Do Def , Never Dies :)
... mine always has full battery lol
I'm going to sleep they decent doe now shhhh
Thanks Dan! Hope you're doing well!
thanks! Next time i'm in town I absolutely will
Knoxville is a far drive for sand ball in the ATL. Come on down to Tybee and we'd can talk about putting our swag on ya.!
what a hoot. that was a mother-daughter narrative, if I remember correctly!
I can't stress how much I hate school...fuck this paper its almost summer
If you represent any hotel, we can give you free advertising at www.thecoupondeal.com for 3 month and then you decide no obligation.
MUCH LOVE 2 THE COMPUTER AGE & THE ABILITY 2 CONNECT WITH THE WORLD. REST IN PEACE STEVE JOBS, AND THANK YOU FOR YOUR INNOVATIONS!!!!!
Ain't that the truth? Of course, the 4pm nap is a killer RT : Taking late lunches make the last half of the day go super quick
Bobbi Barrett. That's the only girl for me.
Do not let your hearts be troubled. John 14:1 Give your worries to God!
I just realized, you have my cousin's name: Melissa Stewart. #dudududun :)
I miss you :(
I had that last week ... you need to stay up later at night then! But it is a good problem all in all...
works for me :)
hahaha! funny video! Also, i love your cover! Thanks!!
France could be the hard draw. They're a solid bunch.
where ya goin?
thx! Merry Christmas to you too!
I avoid anything from twitterfeed. My work acct has been hijacked by several via twitterfeed. It's a spam tool.
Joining Twitter
RT RT : English teachers put more thought into the novel than the actual author did.
you aren't a wiener. Good pick!
How is Jack B. doing today? Feelin' better?!
and you don't annoy me:)
Happy 130th Birthday Jimmy Joyce. And it's the 90th anniversary of the Shakespeare and Co. Ulysses too!
Thanks for your help and support <33
wish our nerds had jerseys =[
More than bathroom onanism? NO WAY
I saw Mommy Kissing Stone Pony?
Not only am I singing 's "Some Beach," I'm singing it for Robster the Mighty as well. Silence in the library? Hardly, honey.
They stiffed me too! It's all a plot!
Indeed! , I think you will find being an alum to be possibly even cooler than being a student!
We use a courier and they would charge about $22 for Lakeville. BUT you can get as many as you want for same flat delivey rate:)
Do you play 85/15 on the hoops plays as well??
What's Your Favorite Color.?(:
yeah, I agree.
I can't believe they didn't give that win to Kos... Wtf?!
The Valley is by far one of the coolest movies I've ever been part of. Proud to be part of it.
Rest In Peace Dick Clark
definitely Labs!
Former BBC producer (now Alfi media) & current producer inspiring athletes about the power of social media today.
#YouWereCuteUntil you opened your mouth and seen you had a fucked up smile
what do you mean?
What a cool video. Love when people play all the instruments like that. Want to write a review of the show for the site??
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.-- Seneca
nope I love them.
Great performance by on CBS w/ Lionel Richie. Super show!
Elena Kissed Damon TVD Finale Hero Stefan I THINK Elena Kissed Damon will trend for days! LOL! it has to!
Me too! Hi!! RT Smiling over all the new #BCSM-LA friends. Hi ladies!
June 9 I will be presenting my HELMET-FREE-TACKLE Safety & Performance Curriculum to all 300 LAUSD Head Fooball Coaches.
#IfIRuledTheWorld the government would keep it's hands off Medicare.
Your the reason I act the way I do
All right... 10 minutes to #SMASH & The 2nd week of rehearsals for Show Choir at are underway! Life is good!
where is this going to be located?
Last day of classes Friday!!
It's a perfect morning to walk home from the mechanic!
that is THE example of torture..
And the official #westealpuppies band pairing is... Big Light! So excited!!
Michelle Obama's occupation listed on her tax return is "US First Lady." So I guess she hasn't worked a day in her life either?
Right-wing: wld love to cont Twitter war, but I gotta go finish my taxes, where I pay a higher rate than Romney does & u support it.
haha nope, just the lighting.
no problem! xx
- very much looking forward to meeting with you this summer about the bullying project. My colleagues are excited.
Appetite for Destruction til quittin time
HR 2366, Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act, raises $$$ w/o raising taxes. PLZ support on #deficit cmte. THX!
I know! I was upset the other night until I read that quote in an article on one of the country music news websites
YOUNG WILD AND FREE :)
That's why you NEVER leave a game early.
Zimmerman no where to be found? Uh oh the setup-)
Rest in peace to the incredible Chuck Brown!
Since its trending, and I live in Wisconsin, and I'm I fan #GO PACK GO... spread the love, and STFU if you don't :)
7 THOUSAND LIKES!!! NOW 7 thousand likes on this status for the new single teaser....... lol jk. Give us a second..
One of the best at-bats I've seen from Weeks in well ... weeks.
Wth? Why does s.a. Slack aS* so much.
haha I'm gonna have to do! I sing all the time but so out of tune, its dreadful! Jeeeze hahah
It's official; can't listen to 'Baba O'Reilly' anymore without thinking of #CSI. Love #TheWho / hate #CSI (in all its iterations).
Hmm. The only annoying thing is that ppl often have quite a few email addresses. And so my notes aren't all together.
Great Law Bulletin panel including Deane Brown, Debra Pickett and Wendy Muchman on advertising and disciplinary rules
I want to drive a pontiac solstice. It is BEAUTIFUL and apollo would look funny in it. haha
Pro tennis this week in #Midland Michigan for the Dow Corning Tennis Classic , great event put on by great community
One hour of yoga with = wonderful afternoon.
": that's what happens when midgets start fights!" True, although Connor is more of a dwarf than a midget
LOVE that show. And Gail Payne, too!
Everything Happens For A Reasonn ,
great resource, thanks! Will have to get #Sponsorist on G+ soon and you'll all be circled. :)
we saw #TheHungerGames yesterday, and it was so much FUN! FUN! FUN! we tweeted more details if you want
Sam & Dean investigate a case where the victims’ hands & feet have been branded w/ a strange symbol. #Supernatural is on 2night @ 9 on CW20!
Online study group time for statistics. My cup runneth over.
yes i saw it last night, so amazingg. p.s. be jeal, and i saw each other on rio and you weren't theree mwahah
Tonight i am having a cookie. That is all.
I'm resting on the #hayclub! ;)
Working on a law firm marketing department analysis/realignment report
yeah fshure! send us an email about what you wanna do, we'll take a look.
no one does drugs at forge haha
Lol they went in on
Coffee, eggs and Mario Bava this morning. Knives of the Avenger--go!
Enjoy a live sponge-diving exhibition in the same waters of Tarpon Springs that Greek men have been harvesting since 1905!
My friend will be pleased to see that I'm tweeting. I must follow people as well. Will do.
So glad I didn't straighten my hair.
Terry Lower Trio w/Vocalist Edye Evans Hyde (ENSO) Wednesday March 16, 2011
My 2-yr-old just ate asparagus. Can't wait to see how her diaper smells.
Nope. I take after my dad. 10 inches and a bucket of balls.
Can one of your biggest fans from TN get a RT on her 40th birthday? Would appreciate it.
And that's the Hawks people. Enjoy.
Cher. Awesome. But if you're gay, you knew that.
I've heard rumors that surprise books are appearing in mailboxes for people who entered to win a SHINE SHINE SHINE ARC from Macmillan!
": You shouldn't fall asleep lol #ThingsYouDontDoDuringSex" not pointing any fingers but someone's guilty! Haha
Been a good weekend so far !
come see us play at St Pete Pride today... 10:45ish
Don't try to play me for a fool . I'm wayy smarter then u think ;) believe that . HA !
it was great meeting you! cant wait to see you perform again, and hear that voice of yours!
Good thing the world didn't end today. We wouldn't be able to listen to
your mama home.??
opening for a javascript guru -- Manayunk -- message me !
LES IS MORE.
How are you doing today?? Looks like it might rain soon. Almost time for practice
u dont have anywhere to stay would have no money r transpo if we break up lol #uneedme smh
Any hour. Now? RT : Quench your thirst with a $.99 any size, any flavor Ice Tea from
RT : You know they are a bandwagon fan when they leave the game before its even over.
she hit puberty, which is why she and my mom think it's okay.
RT : Block by Lewis!!! Flyers take the frame 27-25! #GoLewisBeatOSU Retweet if you believe! We're going five!
Rise and shine #Twitter friednds, have fun today :)
We love #bollywood too!!
can't complain. Just another home stand.
hahahahahahah I will if she wants me to!
yeah it was so good!
I don't have a short temper, I just have a low tolerance for fake people and drama.
An Iowa bar that doesn't have ice 101 shots.... is not a real bar to me.
Cannabis is green. I got tinsel. I know, sometimes tinsel is green but that's mostly just for St. Patrick's Day.
it's all you dear!
I'm watching "A Few Good Men." Col. Jessup is on. Epic.
never found another tv show that consumed my world like the #xfiles. Maybe I'm just getting old. :)
Spent 10 minutes navigating a phone menu - it finally tells me it's not a good day to call, email them instead...then promptly hung up on me
As soon as I get off work I'm going to buy a 12pack of Summer Shandy... get my weekend started off right.
hmm and you are not talking to him anymore?
if you want something, the only one who can stop you is you !! Good Luck
Your life is your life. Know it while you have it. You are marvelous. The gods wait to delight in you.
A hello & thank u to our new followers & !
100% Ginuwine is my favorite R&B CD of all time.
Conrad is one happy Parrot right now.I put a new cuddle house in his house! He is a Cliff bird,so he like the closeness!
You two are awesome, thanks for the sweet words!
If yu can't beat that shit up
I really like your site! Thanks for following me, it looks like we have a significant overlap in interests!
Discovery buzz HTTP://goo.go/IUXc9 #maslsc12 doc
Decido estar bien con Dios antes que con mis "amigos"... NO AL HALLOWEEN que no y que no!!!
'We take the hamburger business more seriously than anyone else.' - Ray Kroc. Do you think Ray Kroc would eat McDonalds hamburgers?
- the zone
I hate them people who wanna act different in front of certain people. Keep it real with niggas.
what is yr number? Let's hang!
The carts never end. The just....never end.
Wondering if a digital writing space would be as inspiring as a physical one. Time for coffee and thought!
omg its
if only would tweet me! My day would be so much better!<3
Not an easy game today but I like how the #Badgers matchup with Vandy.
Everyone's so pumped for Prom and then there's me.... Prom.... Woo lol
Awesome! take a pic and send it to me! :) RT : baristas misspell Johanna pretty well too! :)
RT : the folks here @ #smwogilvy have been incredible hosts. They've been lovely people. Thank you so much Ogilvy &...
to the great Infinte wisdom... let positive love, energy, & protection embrace us and guide our ways. #TYF heal & help those who worry.
Stay positive, blessed and strong. Always remember, there's someone fighting a bigger battle than you...
Laying in bed with Sam watching the mummy :) then After were gonna go work out!
In Dallas for Super Bowl! Yeehaw !
If a business takes the time to survey you about the service/experience take the survey, it means they actually care that you are happy. :)
Just @ scene where G.One makes his entry! has done it again!!
Interesting. Looked like she had some order pad. I almost wish now that I had opened the door. Curiosity...
Honda Pirate
I'd say risk weirdness in order to maintain familiarity, but collaboration and community are usually my first priorities.
I started No Shave November in October. Oops!
Oh... Hey 4am! Haven't seen you in a while.
So turn it on, turn it up, and sing along, this is real, this is your life in a song...
Lol no I don't speak arabic!
Waiters to Fair for a nice put in!
lol where'd you go?
Oh you're a model? What's your agency? Instagram?
but dont hold it against yourself or others if fooled temporarily...give everyone a chance but have the strength to let go.
Join Senators John McCain & Joseph Lieberman tomorrow @ #Newsuem in DC @ 2pm to discuss Afghanistan in 2011 & beyond
The solution: stop making movies like Three Stooges, John Carter & Alvin & the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked entirely.
trying to get to tweet me is like trying to get one of those British guard guys to break a straight face.
sweet! is the man“: Her great song: Jealous Of The Angels - just got talked about at Mix Nashville 2012!!!”
new #supernatural tonight. Dont forget
I have realized I am really bad about remembering this page is here!!
Me so hungey.
this is some bullshit right here
Thanks for the shout out! I'll be reading through your articles this afternoon.
Kudos to advertisers for dropping "Glenn Beck".. SC Johnson, Geico, Progressive, Proctor & Gamble, Lawyers.com, Sargento & Mens Whare House.
The show Once Upon A Time is so freaking addicting..
Wow really? Really?
lovveeee this:) i got mine yesterday:p
Follow me <3
Red Bull and Hans Zimmer movie scores to power through the rest of the afternoon.
Do all things with love.~Og Mandino
Are you getting at least 30 minutes of sunlight a day? If not pickup some Isotonic Vitamin D (5000 iu) here: www.laskohealthsolutions.com
Taylor time and Bruso city!!! Finish strong red!!!
#YoStruggleAintRealIf you never pawned something to get something else back from the pawnshop
is in Arizona?? I need confirmation???
In addition to helping intestines, the polyphenols in tea can help keep bad breath bacteria in check! It just keeps getting better & better!
So true."Scumbag Kobe says he needs the guys around him to shoot open shots with confidence; throws a hissy fit when someone actually does."
Seeing pictures from karate makes me miss it... a lot. like a lot alot. It's depressing.
Now playing "best thing"
Today I prepared for the inevitable Obamajam by bringing my bike.
Yeah, Follow us! We're nice! RT : Are you following yet? Please do!
thanks Aron!
Was recognized by a woman at the store today...she said, "Hey, it's the weather guy! Oops, I mean weather MAN...sorry."
are you drinking wine with that yummy dinner?
lol its all good hit me up though
#top10Lies We're working on getting everyone jobs.
YES! I randomly found this at a apple mart in like Winthrop, WA as well. Nothing beats those giant healthy salt crystals.
At Bjs Bingo, it is packed!!! Labor day special!!!
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer2
holy crap! That's what happened...! thanks all to I think... thanks for the shout!
you can come Sunday?
- you are to much!!! ahahaha!
Yay, more driving. In traffic.
Loved when 1st saw him with his walk-up song. Even more now since he likes #ligers & extra crunchy PB!
Wait, if government #shutdown happens, I don't get my Sunday White House garden tour?!
Chris Crocker is on Jay Leno tonight! Representing the tri-cities, woop woop!
Singing at a vow renewal. I'm a real classical singer now.
Down to the wire. Round 12... Im sitting on the edge of the couch
Holy....... Now that's how you end a season of #trueblood!
Q3: I fought to get devices accepted. You have to show them the power of using them.
Working till 11.
I CANNOT. TWEETED ME
#AmericasGotTalent distracted me from my homework... crap...
wow thats intense organization
Saturday Double Vision! 2 Large 2-Topping Pizza's for $19.99. Only available from 10pm-4am. (delivery only)
no problem(:
Thanks to our board member for his thoughts on #culturalmuseums! Taking his place on the panel now is our director Eduardo Diaz.
Drowning my misery in ice cream.
I've been staying pretty busy lately.
Jim Faubion: The Order of Things is a story of suddenness.
I may be too strung out on compliments, overdosed on confidence. Started not to give a fuck, and stopped fearing the consequence.
It cracks me up when random people think Im gona try 2 prove myself 2them. Seriously, I dont care what their opinion is of me,I live for me!
come chill on
good evening! :)
Higher-end food/meals at home. Theme episodes on using special/interesting ingredients. A little food escapism but still DIY.
So I think your best bet would be to enter a seminary and study for the priesthood.
ur just the ultimate sass aren't you?!
Busy day! Matinee of with
Gonna party hard tonight. I turn 29 at midnight! WooHoo!
thanks so much!
How about i fuck you instead of you fucking me
Good morning, Ross! Did you get our email about our new Chicago-based service, ? If not, we can send it again! :)
Hewwo!! just thought i'd say hey c:
That gave me an actual lol.
About leave out. Hope this day goes well ;)
that's cool pimp. When you get back in?
“: Where my hotel stalkers at?! I need you to find ” this
"Participatory Museum" is all about people people saying the museum shld be about people-Andrew Pekarik
Thank you for taking the time to respond. I am interested in your approach.
Going to hear the last of the music cues from our extraordinary composer Sven Falconer. Our movie without music was empty.
chicago, you?
I don't even know what's the point for me having a twitter account <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Goodnight tweeters
Today's Soups: Cream of Mushroom & Chicken Fajita
no doubt about that! But they've got some pretty odd stuff as well xD
Store sign: "Futon World" Makes me think of a magical place that gets increasingly more uncomfortable over time.
Thinking about buying some stocks for Facebook.
Get ready for lots of cruise sales on Black Friday-some even start tomorrow! Lowest pricing of the year so don't miss this! 800-803-7245!
Playing with the Jacksonville Children's Choir today. Should be a fun gig!
Happy Mother's Day! Ladies, come to the #Xerox Social Media Cafe @ #drupa hall 8b & pick up a pedometer - you deserve it
Good stuff on & Lepay. Muffintopping is my word of the day.
I love pussy but I hella love money
this was the best thing i read all day. RT 14 more work hours and a middle school dance til its the
This is our twitter debut! San Diego Community Housing Corporation provides low-cost housing to economically disadvantaged families.
#bachelor sending #kacieb home?! What? Why!
Been trying to take a break from acting (stage). Damn I miss it. I need to work on an agent for TV.
uh oh what
what are u selling main at?
Band Practice tonight.... I"M READY !
You can't replace anything dead, whoever it is better count their blessing
Donated to to support "celebrating the contribution & involvement of women in... sci fi, comics, gaming & related Geek culture"
Glad to help Chris. Looking forward to seeing the spot on your website. :-)
FTR, "coffee cake" is not the same thing as coffee flavored cake (i.e. tiramisu)
Last veteran of #Warof1812 was Hiram Crock who died in 1905 @ 105!
If some of y'all wonder where I've been..no worries..I've been working on a new refreshing sound that's gonna make all us enlightened!!!
Forget Christmas! College football has started! It's the most wonderful time of the year! Go
same here D:
I'm sorry I'm just not as pretty as her.
I thought Sean was great. . . but Orsillo is top notch. His chemistry with is 2nd to none. Those two are hilarious
Wishing the pup next door would stop his barking!
Great Music! You're playing at Summerfest this year, right?
still smoking back home
Total BS! “: "He got out of that vehicle with the intent to shoot my son. He chased him down like an animal." - #AC360 #TrayvonMartin”
Online Girl Talk tickets are sold out. We have a few hard copy ones here. Better hurry!!!
Ben Aflac it was nominated for all types of awards 2yrs ago.
dear , i cancelled my subscription so why are you still taking money out of my bank account?
# NP One In A Million - Aaliyah
Thinking I should take the wife to NYC r/t tickets r only 98$ I would have to coordinate this with her job so I can surprise her.
Apple Patent Applications Hint of Next-Gen Plans
it's MR. SCHOOLER! Welcome to my twittscape.
Cooking up some mediterranean pasta salad..
And I bet NO ONE is awake -__-
I got you girlfriend!!!
Keep trying Mom. You'll get the hang of the twitter verse
luckily it's a seafood restaurant, so ... umm ... Never mind.
What an eventful weekend. James is now rolling over and has a tooth.
and Jackie O ones RT : im over people doing Marilyn Monroe shoots. not creative, not fun and dull
Great Strategic Planning focus group today with reps from , , & Blaustein Group. Thx!
Good Morning Fayetteville, NC. Working with one of my favorite comapnies in H and H Homes. #Legacy Company
tix go on sale tomorrow, you gotta come
#dressupfriday I didnt bring much but may have an extra shirt you could borrow. I can bring it tmrw if you like.
Dear drummer before me, why do you tilt your (my) floor tom like a buster?
If Ur The Real Deal Help Me Out N Rock Our Gear
One of the best ways to protect cemeteries is to list them on the #FloridaMasterSiteFile! Site Specialist Toni shows participants how.
Internet public library 2 institute!
Every person needs a spouse because you can't blame everything on government
“: Adele, one direction, Ellie Goulding, the wanted and ed Sheeran. Yup. It's the next #Britishinvasion” Glad I'm here for it
hey! I love your coffee! How was your thanksgiving?
hm idk prolly sometime in march
Gonna be a hot commencement @ Regis Univ. - Ding Web Hsu gets school's highest honor, Civis Princeps award.
Getting the new Doritos Locos Tacos at Taco Bell.
your fingers
RT : At Parish Atlanta, my homie Joe told me about this spot. It's a really sexy scene here
i need more pirates fan followers..
making a difference is a full time job
Don't forget to pick up a $1 Gertrude Hawk candy bar @ the main desk here @ the library to support our Teen Committee. We're almost out!
Tracking vocals with Shac Attack and then teaching TKB at The Y in Green Hills at 4:30. Come play with me!
He gave a lecture to his entire school when he was 8, or close to it.
okaai bye i Love You too weirdo.!(;
Excited to finally have some time with the lady this weekend. Going to see a movie this weekend! boo-ya
So many new followers! Thank you so much for the support!!
Writing notes in junior high passing them between classes or sticking them in the locker:)
I hate you!!! Hahahahahahaha it is not your favorite lmao
Just let us know when you're around and we'll make it work! :-)
Congrats to our friend Mark on his promotion to political director at CNN. Hope to see you on our next political briefing in LA
the only teacher I like is a guy teacher. he's seriously cool a'f.
25 years after high school graduation...who knew that receding and graying hair, expanded waistlines, and middle age would come so quickly..
I iz very sad when i see lizard soufflé on my morning run :/ gardeners should be more considerate
i can feel it coming in the air tonight, oh lord
The Eagles graciously allow unprecedented access to training camp for our kids.
All progress has resulted from people who took unpopular positions.
FIRST MINER COMING UP!!! God be with them.
man everything
Indiana weather is lame. Was 80 earlier now dropped in the 60s in two hours.
The Hunger Games isn't about eating ?
/G\IANTS WILL REIGN SUPREME!
Funniest shit ever right now! Mr. Houstan's voices when he reads. Lol
You're going to love NZ! RT : All I want to be doing right now is Hula Hooping in New Zealand
Thank you!! It's getting close...#AH!
works for us, see you then!
I know exactly how you feel babe.
So warm in SF right now. Had to check calendar to make sure it wasn't August.
We have our sponsorship packs ready !! If you would like to advertise at the conference please email us
I'm listening to you guys live from New York! Much love, x
OMG! I swapped my classic honda for a Harley
looked like Pele vs the Germans in Victory!!
All these fairytales are full of shit!
Using the console in XenServer WHILE RDPing into a server is pretty much like being in two places at once.
hope melo got his lure and pole ready, might as well stay down south to go fishing
what were you thinking at that point
i didnt even have time to buy her one ! , my mommy is super sick.
"How have you Changed ... lately? In the last week, let's say? Or the last month? The last year? Can You be Specific? --Howard Hendricks
Have you looked at our new website. Lennar.com take a look and let us know what you think. Also make sure to check us out on Facebook.
Idk man I just want to take me to Olive Garden #SALTYMOMENT - :p haha. <3 love you
Amare braids look horrible
"Thought is a force - a manifestation of energy - having a magnet-like power of attraction." ~ Willam Walker Atkinson
Even we don't hate them that much.. MT people would rather MISS the playoffs just so they don't have to root for the Yankees?
Going to miss Chipper Jones. His long career has been a staple and model for the
congrats! Where d u get it at??
RT : This lady spells her name Shanikqua. Do ya really need the K and the Q? Or are you just trying to be unikque?
John D. is piercing all day!
& ithink my moms gonna come home on sunday!
Welcoming Leander ISD Digital Media, Art and Design teachers to our Intro to 3DsMax workshop this week!
Well Finna Watch Knicks Get They Ass Whipped Once Again-
;-) Ok, I'll throw them away.
Hung over Hung over
I heard a rumor that ur face was scard from a freak taco truck accident and u saved the cooks life.
Because their agents do. ": With these kinds of deals why do guys care so much about the max?"
Absolutely! I love that show...reminds me of record hunting! Happy new year to you and Caedyn!
It's been a busy day, but a great day! All that I put into what I love to do will pay off in the end. Work your passion b/c you're worth it!
Run 13 miles tomorrow before the movers arrive at 8am! (going to have to run fast!) :)
Hope everyone's having a great Valentine's Day! Today has been full of surprises... I'm terrified xo
See this come down your TL? ~> "Looking for a Dope, Fly, ______ (fill in the blank) Web Designer!!!" ...Send 'em our way!! ;)
#FollowMeAriana :( your never going to follow me no matter how much i tweet
I'm doing more special appearances then performance, I'm tryna make my way out there I have not forgot about you M/L/H
you were all hurt.
Very excited for the Nashville Campus! ...But girl...you are amazing leading this one with the team!! Woo!
He has been pursuing my style for too long RT : was just going to tweet that. Watching nfl network also.
Nah, just a temporary regression to the terrible, awesome people we used to be. Mine are monthly, usually after I get paid
of course I do! It's the only thing I want for my bday every year.
- I'll have to get back to you on that Facebook page. Been busy launching web sites.
This is when I'm grateful I live close to the airport <U+2708>.
2 and a half hours left, and 26 unread emails from this week. Bring it on!! and coffee. Bring that as well.
RT : Tomorrow watch live: Chairman Genachowski & Digital Education Leaders on National Adoption of Digital Textbooks...
watching the fight on saturday!! at AMC sunset place with my lover <3
Power out, near West side. Where else?
i think an alien would look pretty amazing
Thanks Man! Put those little dudes to work.
I dont think thats the problem
Business idea for anyone with money....build a driving range downtown.
I BETTER NOT BE SICK FOR CINCO DE MAYO
you should really try to make it to Marblehead or Rockport if you can...
Excited to play with the AllStar Alum Band 2nite! Equally excited to be returning to the at 8:30pm. #Free &
:) thanks for the kind words!!
Production news! "Untitled Documentary" shoots May 2011; "Little Problems" & "Everyone's Dead" in pre-production
Entangled grey whale 45 ft long missing. Last seen swimming north from So Cal. If see, contact
I know! Working on a new project :)
It's like every time I come to there is food everywhere!! Omg hold on theres #donuts!!!! I'm about to eat this like a BOSS
Really gotta know the rules of the water! :) “: Lake violation calls becoming too important in this tourney. #MarchMadness”
haha! I love your Spanish Joe! <3 Have you been practicing it at home?! I hope so! Yeah we gotta skype! Add me: YozabethAKAyossi
Here we come
I feel like I don't tweet anymore
These females be #slowboppin like crazy but then wanna be in the "#wifeymaterial" category. No, that doesn't work
There's a difference between gummie worms and gummie bears, thanks for ruining my mothers day, mom
No Church In the Wild
Join us in thinking good thoughts for as she prepares to compete in tonight's #AmericanIdol ! Go, Jessica!
When she came to me & I felt the love, saw her lite, thats when I knew the meaning behind the teachings of Christ!
ruined my Mothers Day. All elbows, knees and mouth. Thanks for the extra stoppage time, little prick.
and spencer. im in the 4x100 i replaced matt.
~Great meeting you, we look forward to working with you locally in Houston.
That's like the 3rd time you've tweeted that video. Bad mouth my wife again and we scrapping five.
you're awkward as fuck D:
#People really needs to start taking #fucking #showers #u #nasty #motherfucker Cereal Bowles
ahh school tomorrow -__- Omg I need to find some high heels quick till friday! I can't wait #Promotion #YEE :D
I make my own decisions , I learn from my own mistakes .
i really wnt a car at the moment CAUTION i might hotwire your car ;)
Having a two day weekend feels so weird! I keep thinking tomorrow is Monday but NO! I have another whole day to do nothing! Bwahahah.
Please follow em <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Why is it called a TV "set" when you only get one?
I sluffed my third period, went to the gas station for most of my sixth period, and my friend came to my seventh.
i finnaly came home last nite. cant wait for :D message me on fb
cuz you replied agree to my original reply about her needing to give her parents back the bribe money
#1ofmyflaws is that i dont believe in panthers
that uf awesome
thank you for the follow and RT!
. Uh oh. Lots of coaches I encountered with my kids were passive-aggressive. On the bright side, also receptive to gifts.
Just discovered This could be bad.
I got u!
you going to the game Monday against Houston? I work for the Mavs.
Good Night Loves. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Breaking News Artist Resources Available!
Taking a mini-vacation to Seattle this weekend, even though it hosted my least favorite season of The Real World.
Thanks! sorry it took so long to reply
They can't discriminate they're a membership organization. No different than you paying dues to your church.
you should too! -__-
got the email :)
Happy Ireland day and good night cincy
Yes, they sent me one. It's hilarious. They definitely know their audience :-)
Update: I'm officially an IU Alumni. As you were....
« fuck all of them!!! ugh. how tf does she get to go back before me??? um yeah my mom will be calling NC tomorrow»
Fun times but the rain sux..
is great for this!! RT : dont send 100 tweets at once, schedule them out
What is your take on Kentucky's 4th #1 recruiting class?
"Stella gently took his hand and with her head floatingin heavenlybliss shewalked him slowly to the shower" only 7.99 Amazon
Hubs couldn't give blood today cos the nurse misread his blood pressure. He was ticked! (And now a vampire will go hungry... Sad day.)
you put on a movie and tell me to shut up, then you dont shut up?
nice nice .. nah tomorrow
Happy Mothers Day to my beautiful mother. U did more than well raisin 3 girls, ensured that we grew into WOMEN... I LOVE U!
You would think would cut me some slack for being a quintessential Georgia Peach, but no.
Tonight I'm on London Fields, by Martin Amis
THAT LAST PHONE CALL!!!!!
Tough Luck for Colorado State, how is your team doing today? Our patients have been watching tourney in dental chair all day!
Things happen. I understand that, but U can't stop me from reaching my destiny. U can't. :)
i am so hired
MTV News First Date
omfg. Same like wtf. Like what makes you guys so special ? -___- hahahhaha
I'm not but doing something just as good. Listening to The Rolling Stones on vinyl.
Justin deserves the son of the year award, Turn To You is so cute <U+2665>
yes. Jake (our broadcaster) said "it's not gonna make sense he goes in at 80 min but gets a Yellow at 78 min."
tall stocky men
cool record paintings by ace troy pop art at nirvana cafe
And he sings a delightful version of "Golden Slippers." In falsetto.
Off-topic... Interested in Columbus' Casino? Follow
Learned a #stomp routine today - apparently a broom does have other purposes aside from cleaning.
Stay tuned.
I'm so bad at math.... Blah. Someone take my test for me!
TOTALLY HAHAH I LIKE HOW EVERYBODY HAD A "PART OF HIM"
we get it poppin in the parking lot I like to do it with the lights on doesn't matter to him if it's dark or not <3
RT : Mobility CEO Ralph de la Vega @ #CTIA predicts smartphones will replace the wallet in 2013.
what dates are out here so we can sort studio time?
New Palladium is the best dining hall on campus. Eat here as soon as you can!
Good guess. But no, it was Legally Blonde.
Had trouble with Tweetdeck this week, too. After finally getting it straight, I realized how much I depend on it!
yes, he did not know better. I forgive you, <3
I bit....can't change too much from the headshots but a deviation is always good.
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't. -Kurt Cobain
don't get me started on brain toppings
Can I get my Skyrim book back? -.-
Today, September 12 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | The Hodads | Band Leader, Drummer, Vocalist | www.latalkradio.com | Ch.1
just laying here, got the music blasting in my ear.
Thanks for all the #followfriday love today :)
You're right, should have fired more teachers, packed more kids into overcrowded classrooms. That's the ticket!
That cut-back on the first goal was just sick
I just donated $250 to Invisible People. I challenge you all to donate something...anything
Fashion week just puts tense vibes in the air even if you dont attend it. Lol, i need a massage.
We both know you're free not to care. But you had the misfortune of being a friend of a friend, so you got to hear my 2 cents.
"Upon the conduct of each depends the fate of all." Alexander the Great.
"I want you to make me feel like I'm the ONLY GIRL IN THE WORLD" ah love you riri (;
fat girls in our crib right now. whatever, loves it lmao
Los Feliz in Glendale police blocked from Central to Brand. Swarming Police and helo. Someones having a bad morning.
avatar looks so koooool
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 22
Summer actually SINGS MacArthur Park and she & Moroder interpolate their One of a Kind and Heaven Knows: a 17-minute extravaganza of 70s.
You telling me what I should do and what I am capable of doing only gives me more motivation. When people get me down, God helps me up.
O! Good one! They don't have The Beatles on there but I'll find another version!
#FF - debut album's about to drop! I am still tired from this girl's 'b-day' in Vegas ;) Keep an eye out for this beautiful girl!
The good news is ... (fill in the blank Dolphins fans)
Most likely.
Ive got mad respect for people who give respect...on the other hand.....if your missing that piece of the puzzle?gone b some problems 4Real
Just got off the phone with the original Woosie crew…Shea didn't say anything as usual. show these kids how it's done
PLoS biodiversity hubs for literature. Reviewed.
My puns are almost as good as that one evangelical movie called "The Grace Card".
I'm about to text you!
What I do to protect myself now - avoid being with a single person, door is slightly open when meeting with a woman, etc.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate pizza before it was cool.
It's break time u know
": hope the Fox folks came thru with car and you got to sleep, welcome to cold San Diego, "freezing" w cold" HI GARY!!
I know!
genius! Love the horsey sauce play!!
Well that is just frustrating... Kentucky better team, more focused...
Happy Veterans Day! Be safe!
AEW's Plumb believes cap rate compression to continue in core assets in best markets.
where? Tweet me your location and I'll send someone to you!!
It is windy city on I40 across Tennessee. Pulling in to Memphis shortly.
Happy 110th birthday to one of my heros, Walt Disney. He's the reason I wanted to be creative for a living. Thanks "Uncle Walt."
Happy Golfer's Day & Happy Siblings Day! I love ridiculous holidays
Watching these Smokey the Bear commercials makes me want to go out and start a wildfire.
Thanks to all the OKC Party Bus riders for a great weekend!
It took me TWO hours to get home today because of the traffic
March madness happening now!!! Come down for some specials on food and drinks
casual study break for pint night
omg. Same here. And that is why our mothers are bffs. Lol.
RT nails it: Political polarization closely tracked economic inequality/On Plutocracy, Paralysis, Perplexity
That A-B for Hart was a little better than most since he started batting leadoff. Good start for the Crew.
thanks! Loving right now. I only see them getting bigger...
you left yo class but couldnt leave us lol:)
#Burgers. #Pizza. #Wings. #Beer. Shall we say more?
Promise to myself: Never let my brain solidify into an unmovable stone, like a paper weight holding down my beliefs.
It's as easy as saying yes or no
I just wore that one!haha but okay I just don't want to be the only one in a different color again
HOWS YOUR DAY BEEN GOING? YOU MADE MINE THE BEST DAY EVER! I got my 11:11 shirt, and you followed my other twitter! :D
I have been giggling for oh, 8 hours now... Its starting to hurt.
hey I have headphone that I don't use you can have them never been open I don't why I will send them to you! :) follow me
Thanks so much for following me!
rough life you live. I hope you make it out of there
Omw to the airport..gotta make this 2:55p flight home!!
You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?Joe Namath
Track drying continues and there are even a few nitro crew chiefs checking out the starting line.
which one you gettn?
": "If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through." Chinese Proverb"
S:S&S EP does not produce the transcendent experience, it is merely intended to free the nervous system of ordinary patterns.
And even when people say my actions are scarred, the Lord knows the intents of my heart.
Down on my knees... I learned how to stand!
thx for the download!!!
gong! i love bowie but "starman" is a though one.
Heading to WSU in Tri Cities so excited! I love my AVID class!
I'm so Gratefull and I just want to say thank you....
Thor? Zeus? Duke, or Ninja lol
It's all about spending the budget at work. I'll take what they buy me for testing apps.There's another co-worker getting the iPad2.
I know right..
You're welcome! Thanks for following.
“: last touches. focused. believe”<<~ I can't wait 2 Hear the finished product <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
FOLLOW BACK!
RT : In honor of Poetry month, we offer a listen to Jewish- American poet Kenneth Koch reading his poem: One Train May Hide....
Man I haven't been on twitter in forever well I am going to celebrate! :) LOL I am a retrars
: Dig the new blog! Look forward to reading more.
#mattbarkley will stay at
If you want to be successful in the music industry,work hard and don't burn bridges!Because whoever is on the top today,may not be the next!
Instead of the red carpet tonight. Its the orange carpet. #Slime :x
People 4got that #jamesharden was a scoring machine at Arizona St.
Doc Chey's take-out, a Thanksgiving Eve tradition
I am! I live in Polk County next to the TN/GA line. :)
My apartment looks like a thrift shop.
GOD MOOORNIIIING!!!!!! GOD IS GOOD LETS LIVE LIFE!!!!!!!
Pfft... Whatever! I'm going to bed! NIGHT!
Oh yes the cat liter & hardware aisle is where I would have looked to find shampoo and conditioner
Hope Everyone had a wonderful weekend, feel free to share if you had something excited during this weekend...
I can't stand people who have the audacity to ask for something but see you all the time & never say hi.
Went on a 16 mile bike ride along the American River Trail today. So wiped now.
Hmm. Dont like being single anymore. Lot of empty convos, & meaningless flirting.
Fraud; Federal authorities are seeking to build insider-trading cases against roughly 120 individuals. Greed is not good!
RT : 2 hours and 9 minutes until Game 7: vs. ok time for a beer.
Free Josh Cribbs t-shirts if you stop in at a local KeyBank! I got one, and it is a legit shirt www.keyrewardsweek.com
Someone tell Rich his fly is open in this photograph. Happy Easter!
i dont follow you because i like you jsyk, dumbshit. MT : My twitter is now reaching more people than the NYT--not bad
All I noe is that I won't be able to take my eyes off of u wen we finally together<U+E022>
Halloween activities on Oct 28. Join us for our Pet Costume and Keiki Costume contests, entertainment, plus trick or treating, too!
Happy Colgate Day to all those Colgate alumni out there
"the man" you guys are crazy had keem jelly lol
EMBARC is heading to Water: The Global Passport. Students will be actively participating in workshops to learn about the water crisis
Awesome weekend... Auctioned some great items and a lot of members grabbed some great deals!
RT : ND coach Kelly wouldn't allow Nix transfer to any major Fla school, didn't see Golic throw a fit about ND
I slightly prefer TDK. But for those who prefer BB ... I honestly get it. There's a real argument there.
Bill Pullman in Independence Day - top of the Best Actor Oscar reawarding list
try Panda haha
My homegirls mom use to tell me my homie would come home from school, eat a handful of flour & start doing push ups °_°
its just Chris Mullin's accent.
said you cut me off because I didnt text you back. Which I did when I woke up. What are you doing?
I love this show House Hunters Interntational on
I woke up the same way! Is something going around??
Happy St. Patty's day!
a famous person is following me.!! (: haha thank u !
Joking aside the stuff is just as blue 4 guys & girls that r advancing but mood oh boy different story there
It's Friday Patrone anyone.
careful. you might end up in Novosibirsk.
Working hard, saving harder, all so I can play the hardest ;) woo!
Hola Raul. Hope you are well.
welcome aboard, ! RT : Please welcome/follow , our new social media producer.
The life of a track star \m/
if you did spend time reading the code, and found flaws, why wouldn't you open an issue vs tweet? +
Who wants free drinks tonight for #ClosetSundays? Nina Sky performing live tonight!
No, we're all winning challenged. RT : If two teams play a 13-inning game and they're tied for last place, aren't we all losers?
Girl in the club: Did you say, "Let's talk dirty" Me: "What?!.. I said it's 12:30."
Problems with Google Mail?!?! Another sign that the world is ending this year!
My day today! MT We all love clarity.. the best learning occurs when we create our own meaning from fog, mist, misery...
One mistake can change everything..
Graham off to big start | Three catches, sixty-five yards | And that last touchdown |
Ew, my icon needs a change. I am so unattractive. Hm I want to be Sofia for a day. KK.
Senior check out is Wensday . Omg ! O.o
Nothing like baby waking up at 5am to start your day with lots of energy, that will last until about 7.30am.
That is fact!
Snap that tourney off!!!! Get BR to over 6 figures and then bust crazy mike down to BROKEliving!!!!!
“: please live tweet this day.” agreed. Let us live vicariously through you.
Dating someone for almost 2 years and walking by each other like complete strangers now
your cute
My office is totally gonna win with our #MegaMillions pool.
ill come pick you up!
Attention Pike Twp. Parents--Last time I checked, the Pike Library...was still a library, not a free day care center!
hey Robert follow me please
check out www.watchnhllive.com for all your preseason games.
kids grow up to fast nowadays
Staten island
just ordered a bunch of Alternative Apparel stuff from Rue, MUAH!
Prudential Center is eerily quiet for it being do or die, #nyrangers fans put them to shame where you at
Weather is the top factor in whether or not that event makes $. HUGE risk. See also: East End Fests.
Yes! Adore the film too--yet had not thought of it in "ages.". Birthdays become irrelevant in eternity ;)
We're so glad we could give you all a great way to connect with each other :)
I need this day to by quick, I didn't want to get out of bed this morning.
Wow, you are quite wet. Still no rain out here!
Happy Birthday Bob Marley!
by like cambodican an Jimmy ds. I remember seeing a girl and was like she looks familiar but idk lol
ALOHA!! :) Love from Hawaii :)
Today's K atty tip: Have u checked the Internet speed at your agency's #documentreview facility? Slow pace cancels low rate.
Cause you do.
it would be a good opening line for a novel. but don't steal it. :)
Trick or treat. Just kicking back handing candy out. So far a slow night. I got about 15 trick-or-treaters so far.
no.. I literally just got home from the airport.. But in the past they have usually played them around 10 am.. We will see :)
Another Advent Haiku on Quiet: Close your eyes and breathe, Open to the whispered name: Slowly, peace surrounds.
She is… She is SHE IS…she is the jam star the supa sheress the nappy headed baby genius
Opening Keynote - iMedia Conf - Bob Garfield!
Giving a non-profit a couple of $1,000 & a cardboard check isn't corporate social responsibility
Creative Pros: when you "just start"—direction, organization, and creativity that was hidden before, becomes miraculously clear. 2 of 3
A1: Pink washing is no different than green washing. Awareness not needed, but action towards cause is.
Sigh....most movies are getting lack luster reviews......what happened to the days of the films that moved you?? Lion King? Jurassic park??
i know, sorry :(
before or after Slimfast?
The organism designers who use mail order
Hahaha nice! They're very nice over there. Plus you're keeping them employed by ordering work. That's my justification.
Grilling up bratwurst & buns! RT : What is your favorite backyard activity? BBQs? Tending the garden?
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail? ~Dr Robert Schuller
haha that was the funniest thing ever
RT ": God puts people in your life for a reason, and removes them from your life for a better reason."
Great weekend - watched Football yesterday while remembering 9/11 - life has changed some but our passion and focus on Freedom remains.
"and then you can tell me about this hat, because before, I was too nauseated and sick to buy it" -poor sick Laura.
Used to be I'd think someone's crazy then notice they have a Bluetooth. Today I thought a guy was a Bluetooth person then noticed he's crazy
Tech & Soc Wk 14: Wright designed the revolutionary "Prairie Style” house in response to a magazine contest.
Watching "Undercover Boss." As always, I'm hoping someone will bring up unionizing the workers.
Thank you for the retweet!
I talk the talk, but at the end of the day I dont ever actually want any drama.
News Flash!!!!! Dance Class has been canceled for tonight, spend it with your love ones! Happy Valentines Day!!!!
Totally just passed a billboard that said "Jesus wants to get inside you" they probably could have worded that better...
I think the grim reaper's been in my fridge. Something's def. dead in there.
Looking forward to completing another Safeco Agent Giving Program! Root for me!
that's tru. Its supposed to rain again I think
#np "no radio"
Hanging out with Eric's family in Oswego, NY! Can't wait to eat and laugh!
I hate this time of year, it's scary movie commercial time! Please make them stop.
is this Teresa from Softball? O.o
listen to the April 30th podcast min 59
pull your best sex face :3
precious!!! Congrats!
everyone's watching
owow, i dun think i can take all of that..i'd twy my best tho :):)
outlet shopping trip w/ Mary!!
#GreysAnatomy it seems like Meredith is in a polyamorous relationship with her hubbie and Christina now that she has to decide 2 stay or go!
I love you Severns.
But also, I have said before, some states have voters who now vote 4 Conservative Dems in stead of moderates. These..
Bored... Wanna go to parade but can't :( :|
a lifetime ago I was one, but I don't know any now :(
The moment when everything you thought was true is a lie and you dont know the whole story yet and it's not even your situation
has to write a good report on a terrible book..wish me luck...*sigh*
about to eat and leave
Each year, 3 million babies die in the first week of life and about 3.3 million infants are stillborn. (Glasier et al, 2006).
lose the watch you look re donk u luss
There is a Ryan Raburn sized hole in our lineup. He does not like April.
And I ask again - Why isn't Dick Cavett on twitter?
Need your take... 3 best spots for Friday happy hour in Minne?
I don't understand how these retarded Saudi clerics find a tweet to be insulting Islam and their prophet!
Scene three: they use the toe bones to pick their teeth Scene four: they use the leftover baby skin to wipe thei
“: people with vocal chords like yours are the reason every dancer is a frustrated singer! Lol #GetItGirl”//haha aww thx chica! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Humor: The Right Sign | Scott Levitt&#39;s Tuesday Tactics Newsletter
Thank you, love! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
She got with you and she already had a man..Why would she Cheat on you?
That sounds like an excellent idea :) Malbec in every country!
Having a quick release as a shooter starts with the feet. Slow feet = Slow release.
because its #SpringBreak and I'm not tired!!
And to my fellow around-the-tweeters it was a pleasure tweeting alonside you guys!
Don't waste time in long lines u have work to do. I'm a mobile Dmv and I do the paperwork and filling fir u to open a business 7028826007
Missed #fridayreads yesterday while hobnobbing with fellow librarians! Re-reading Poisonwood Bible in prep for book group meeting.
In 1943, some faculty and community members began critique that had become overly militarized
MAN LET ME KNOW! I'LL BE OUT HERE AT LEAST 4 MORE TIMES THIS YEAR
No...but I remember Pokemon the first movie.
Guess I'm heading out to Spokane next week for a few day's for a official business meeting.
Squawk. Surprised you can hear 'em with your old man ears!
Need graphics or photography done?? Get at me.. good quality shit not that bullshit boys been Gettn lately
Stay tuned...an update will be coming soon!
haha thank u!!! I guess so, I just wish I could meet thats my dream lol
omg why are you not going ! I will lol
I wanna do something adventurous and fun!! A fun night out, meet new ppl, a date perhaps!!
Not that it took my this long to realize oomf meant 'one of my followers'. I thought it was just, a signal word...
thank you sweety =)
Italian Food <3
woooot wooooooot! haha, if you know of anyone who needs a sleezey lady in there show down there, tell em to hollar at me =)
will do
Kind of hard to work on the mycincylife app when the internet keeps going out every time when it storms. Anyone else have this problem?
lol...my shy, my shy! Gotta luv her!;)
are u coming for my bday?
iTeleCenter Spotlights Jakel Media - Long Time Virtual Phone System Customer
Some times you have to fall from the mountain to realise what you are climbing for.
it's at a vets for my college course
what u think about this draft I love the Morris family! I don't know much about Brandon Knight, Joe D loves 6 ft 3 inch guards, HA
BIG weekend in sports. Can not wait for the #Alabama #LSU game. Should be a good one.
Cool! Thanks man!
Thanks Echo :-) Glad to be of help.": Shouts out to #AppreciateTheTEAMSpirit"
Beside every good man is a good woman... My wife is so awesome.. I love u Heather!
I would've remembered heffa! when did this happen!
RT : Employers expect to hire 10% more new college grads in 2012 than in 2011, according to Nt'l Assn of Colleges & Employers
It takes as much work to stay successful as it does to become successful.
We're thrilled to have been named the Georgia District 2011-2012 Alumni Chapter of the Year!
Standing next to a girl I'm confident I stood next to during the last concert I went to.
I just popped this rad zit on my neck and a bunch of white goo game out. I am pleased. Good times.
RT I do. Isn't Diamonds and Rust about Dylan?
Would love to show you Hubspot. It does it all under one roof.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> RT ": Some of y'all are haters. I log on after getting some zick to see this...."
by that I mean the fantasy focus football podcast.
: Skittles to start Grand Prix and
Barring a late injury or a bad pro day, yes, I agree 100%
What is Royal Jelly? This “super food” of the bees is specially blended w/ enzymes, fed 2 each bee destined 2 become a queen.
where is that and why haven't I been to it already?
im gettin money..must be illuminati..dey think i signed up cuz i juz bout a new ferrari
Goodnight ...keep on rockin' the
RT : I'm Celebrating Bastille Day as authentically as possible: Hasselhoff re-runs.
Very Creative... Thumbs Up!!
The music world lost a legend last week in Dick Clark. What is your favorite #DickClark show?
Pizza and a movie.
I feel like we're drifting -_-
Pastor don't slander other people's religion pastor what Is ur name sef.
#WWF best ladder matches of all time that's what u was watching
If you really want something, you don't stop for anyone or anything until you get it!!!
Still laying in bed.
"To keep the body in good health is a duty, otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear."
Is it a bad thing that I am a wedding photographer but I hate flowers?
Where are you?
what was the name of LL Cool Js skin cream?
You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3*-*
I have never hated a band like I am hating right now. I feel like I'm at a bad hs battle of the bands.
People always assume my opinion on gay marriage is harsh.....Am i that anal about it?
you already know bro. Gotta get my shit straight.
Drs orders? RT #StPatricksDay!! Get your Saturday studying done, and get some green beer!
mid-May, right between the MICA semester ending and summer session beginning.
you would be back in bed by 10am anyway lol
HEY Ppl go follow me and for auto follow bck
practicing & just got a rush video job in. May be up 4 the next 3 days
praise jesus I fixed my work situation
thank you for the follow. Look forward to many tweets with you. God Bless U!
I LOVE one of my favorite country groups. Love the song!!!
omg I remember that, too! :( you would use your account and i was on here and we used to talk so much! :(
staying up tonight to see Leonid meteor shower - from 2 AM CST
How much do you expect to see George at SG? I'd really to see he & Granger on the floor together this year.
omg I love ur imagines by the way r u a boy or girl
I'm a major nerd.
Salud or viva el santo! RT : Shout out to Beta Nu &amp; Beta Phi chapters celebrating tonight. Cheers to another 10 years of success
Today its my Birthday as of now the world says im 38 i disagree im 30'great!!!!!!Lol
Girl I splurged yesterday too! has great deals. I might hit up the store tomorrow after work again hahah
You should already know this but in case you don't... #NiallisBeautiful I love you Niall :)
she's okay lol I was just wondering.
It's that time of the year when I tweet about how much I love my UA Cold Gear.
Can you give me the URL for that feed?
Tip 3: Wealth - Wealth isn't something that is necessarily within the reach of most but the perception of wealth is.
State treasury
The Bucs need a better theme song. That "root root root" song is lame. Why they don't use the "yo Ho Ho" song more?
RT A day without laughter is a day wasted. - Charlie Chaplin
lol bait? y r u fishing
#Another Round <U+2728>
Anna, I've been trying to send you a message but I'm doing something wrong? Didn't want you to think I'm rude.
I still treasure when my daughter, then 2nd grade & fledgling reader, expressed thanks for "the authors of books."
Goodnight everyone :)
Control your own destiny
Very much enjoying
man works hard
Event Flyer Design & Printing Nationwide.......................www.800printingnyc.com
just got a twitter, its such an honor being able to follow her.
I think you should try out for a part in chicago on broadway or another part to highlight your super dance skills!
Atlanta, i miss you, and ye miss me :D hahaha
You can't download Flash without JavaScript but can you download JavaScript without Flash?
Final touches being added to the site. SSL certificate and Paypal. Were almost there. College students sign up now at www.workforbooks.com!
Pizza man fire top of mind today. Suspected arsonist starts trial today
Because we are laid back loveable larrikans ;) x
DC allergies have been taking their toll on me since Feb but the past few weeks have been brutal. Heading to NJ 4 EastOver wknd might help.
"But now that you're gone it feels like my love Is a million miles away."
Pour vs. Poor
OUCH! That's gotta hurt! Honestly, I didn't think it wud be this bad in game 1.....
Relax...its Monday!! Beat the heat and avoid a case of the Mondays at SKYBAR Las Vegas in the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino Las Vegas!!
#treatyoself to post am spin class
shinji keeps it so real
Steal my Idea speed sessions kicking off very soon at
But r.I.p. to the people who's death isn't acknowledged cus they aren't celebrities.
Thank you for following back :)
sleepy haha I had a long day!
oh you spoil me so well!!! Thank you sweetie :))
go to bed
Is there a small conf. center or convention center that could loan them 2 u. Also check w/ rental places.I have found them there b4
NWS: Severe Thunderstorm Warning, Tornado Watch in effect
who i be fuckin with thats fake?
OJ, sorry I meant OK.
CALLING ALL PATRIOTS!! Celebrities and Independent talented artists needed to SUPPORT THE CAUSE. www.pledge4patriots.com WE NEED YOU!!
Event planning experts - Any suggestions for creative & fun #team #building activities for groups of 300+?
I think Austin should makes video of 11:11 (: It's gonna be amazing! xo
I as a GK am super stoked to have a company like as 1 of our early sponsors for #WPSLKC & & they make great gloves!
haha awww! You'll get your chance to meet him :)
Chrysler Group LLC Matches Dealers With Minority-Owned Suppliers: More than 200 representatives from these California dealerships and...
Follow along as we live tweet from our Enterprise Development Brown Bag! Beginning shortly...
Today I want to encourage you to base your faith upon the faithfulness and absolute integrity of God and His Word.
grilled by #economicsummit students today, said teachers getting $2000 raise. Really. Neglected fact it's beginning teachers only
Having fun making word clouds. Purdy clouds.
It's a wack-ass term for "STUFF BLACK PEOPLE MUST LIKE".
RT #Jindal admin apparently giving up on push to sell Avoyelles Parish prison after facing strong opp from lawmakers.
If the Martians in John Carter can build hovercrafts, then why do they still fight with swords and dress like extras from Spartacus?
"The director of Men In Black 3 has confirmed that Lady Gaga and Justin Bieber play small parts as aliens in the new movie."
Fresh Dental Marketing Ideas: New IDA Websites Use Smiles To Get More Patients - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
just got updated business cards... now HIRE ME!
The best place I can get into lol I'm still applying...to everywhere I can think of.
Adam.. Please stop taking 365 days to make a decision. You're irritating me
Thanks for sharing the review!
Jst left the tattoo shop
Rhys the worst I had it last year!! Feel better <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
If you're wearing sunglasses there's a 96.7% chance I will not recognize you.
Tie your shoelaces, homie. You're trippin. It's just twitter jokes.
The Temper Trap- Love BOHH
": Are you working? The populace thanks you!" You're welcome, Claire. I (eventually) was. Bet you were too!
. Hmm, a pool? Might be bad form to talk about it here at the service, but my money might be on
: Okay. The Bieb's is getting cuter.
#Keep A open mind about things! You'll be surprised:-) :-)
LA Councilmember Perry: Redevelopment dissolution puts +4,000 construction jobs, thousands of permanent jobs at risk, JUST IN HER DISTRICT.
RT : "Named must your fear be before banish it you can." ~Yoda
I got kissed by a girl today...
HOPE IT'S AWESOME!!
Rough night for the Casher which is rare, look for a big winning SATURDAY.
Tell your mom I said happy birthday!!!(: <33
That's what we like to hear! RT : This place is amazing!
RT : Spend spring break with the Nature Museum! Today is #free to all Illinois residents and we're open until 5 pm.
with God on your side ANYTHING is possible <3 .
Let me know when/where works for your headshots (:
RT : I'll be at the Washington Square till about 10:45. If you see me, stop and say hi! (@ Starbucks)...
just ran the classic firecracker four. always a great start to the 4th.now off to the car show, lunch, then day party, then summerfest yeah!
2nd: Fremont! Sorry my fingers are too slow!
Looking forward to meeting with folks at the Children's Advocacy Center of the Green River District today!
Did Arsenal play Chelsea today? Barca dominated everything but the scoreline.
Pregnant Oklahoma City woman arrested on DUI complaint
I love my baby ! <3. && no I aint talking about you . I'm talking about my blackberry :D <3
I'm sorry :/ I bet the wine did help :) hope you're having a wonderful week & love to you xxoo
so jelly glgl
Student Leanne Drayton-Now that I have the laptop I have so many more resources than I used to have
man.. too tough too call today could go either way.. If I had to probably AL and the under
happy holidays fellas.
I walk around smiling to hide the pain I go through......
Agreed! Really liked him vs Colorado State & UNLV as well. Wanted to see Winn, Crawford stole show.
This HBO doc abt Gloria Steinem makes me appreciate her work in a way I didnt before.
2day! Milwaukee Baseball vs Valpo 3pm at Hank Aaron Field!
Want to get yourself something for Mother's Day? This week only: Botox special $10 per unit.
Had an awesome rehearsal with today for our gig at gilt bar on tuesday! Also, lilly's tonight!
The past is messing with my head
Praying for my friends and all families in the DFW area!!!
Who doesn't love puppies?
are u going to 106&park today?
Just fell in love with Andy Grammer on kiss 108 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I promise I wouldn't do that to YOU! Lol
GOP endorses for San Diego Mayor!
Kudos for participating in the Tuck River Clean-up on Saturday!
Thx for picking up my RT--and thx for the Daily! Mobile technology is happening--#fundraisers need to keep pace.
Did you know we offer free shipping on all orders of $50 or more ALL YEAR LONG? Simply enter SHIPFREEUS or CADFREESHIP @ checkout.
Zoe is so cute.
thank you! XOXO Erin Diane
Yo, I'll tell ya what I want, what I really really want.
Should root for the Capitals b/c we're a Philly Flyers house but I *am* from NY and that Rangers' goalie is the hottest man I've ever seen.
Great game. Love Madonna's half time show! Really fun!
Eh I could careless but then again you could care more!
RT : Seriously, Boston Herald? A house vote on bake sales is your cover story today? Really?
Watching Arizona State--ahead of Temple. I am in NCAA heaven
Due to a decreasing amount of imports the U.S real GDP has rose 1.4% in the second quarter, which could mean growth in the staffing industry
RT: Got this recipe for almond crusted chicken breast imma try and make it tonight dnt mess it up <---
tell PETA my mink is draggin on the floor
You mean Shenanigans? RT : what's the name of that diner u always go to?
is that code? possibly for an 18 taco challenge?
RT : Register Now to Attend a FREE Parent Workshop on the New California Autism Insurance Reform. Limited Seating! Act...
Hey guys?! Remember that if you get arrested at the game for urinating on a MTL fan you can always plead the fifth!
This necklace is annoying
We're not even on the plane home and Patti is planning our next 3 vacations.
what are you gonna do? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
why you gotta lock me out? :D
Come on let's get it guys
how do u know its taylor and not alexis?
How did I get knocked off following ? Sending much love and makeup love.
It was june 2010 when he first messaged me
Now you're just somebody that I used to know </3
And the big NEW YORK baseball offseason move is... Ronny Cedeno?
just learning how to use Seesmic 4 my blackberry
I hate being here at school
yes! We are doing really well... it's been a great show.. and we just passed the halfway mark.
Potluck with some of my fav ppl was great! Now time to get ready for my KY Derby party tomorrow!!!
where is the VC these days? Everyone instagram crazy?
Dope! Congrats on the new house. ;)
And the wheels fall off...
I was watching the Simpson's,and a chick says"they'll think I'm easy!" And the guy says "But you are easy!Don't be ashamed of what you are!"
correction: 1 seed
Good morning I'm getting ready to get this money. How about u???
honestly love all the people that have walked into my life and never left
Apparently I have the "cool teenager". My 5 year old is too cool to participate. She also is sitting with arms crossed and a sour look.
I'm feeling the need to book a trip to the greatest place on earth, just got to find the money
I feel myself changing again -__- wonder where this could go
Main Be Working So Hard I Forgot To Eat! Find some grub asap! Main these NY cab fares aint no joke!
No poems can please for long or live that are written by water-drinkers. ~ Horace
R.I.P. Carroll Shelby. We lost an American original today.
The Guto is covered in open sores... more open sores than usual that is.
“: #SoHighThat oh wait, never been high. Shits dumb.” what's dumb is voicing an opinion on something you never experienced.
Why does everyone seem to be watching Final Destination at the same time???? IT'S A SIGN!
My friend signed up for the waitlist, but he did not receive a ticket.
It's cloudy outside in Houston, and yet the day feels quite Breit....
We're interested to hear MU Stage 1 stories from , GA-HITREC,
This class was amazing
Too funny! Are you 6:00am now or still with the 6:00 pm's? I want to try to give you a ring this week fill you in...
Watching The first 48
oh...that is disastrous...
Happy new year!!!
We Will B At The U Of Delaware's #Israel Celebration Today!!!
when did u start this Twitter account?
i this a spam?
Uh oh, it's #walkergate time!
And then some! LOL
glad to "be" there! Ya'll had some great questions! /cc:
Thanks! Will do!
Working out the kinks of our website. Should have it up soon!
act like it!!
Nothing like NWA to brighten your mood while you wait in the doctor's office
Bored who up
I can't believe what this has turned in to.
same , she is so pretty too! lets get her to follow us ahhaha
I miss you, baby.
lmfao. Play tennis.. that's an aggressive sport! Or golf.
Straight through Thanksgiving, of course. Who would argue with this?
I can't even assume anything, the rage blackout takes over, and I lose a few hours.
tango, kisses on the cheek, & asados
FAMOUS! RT “: Nice little plug for #SMBME this morning on channel 6 news!”
My damm baby boi woke up wamtin to play all early now im up earlier then normal..might as well get up amd go handle biz den
Stanford was a middling P12 team last year, hardly think Randle and Brown are enough to be P12 favorites.
Happy New Year!! Be safe tonight. Let's bring in 2012 with #GoodHealth!!
graduation is may 10th. the 19 year degree program has finally paid off!
My opinions, partnered with being a female, would get me killed in Medieval Europe.../Afghanistan.../South Africa during Apartheid......
that's cool. I used to work there. Are you interning with anyone in particular?
Anyone been to Hawaii? Any good recommendations or must-sees?
Can the #Yankees bring home the title tonight, or will fans have to wait till they travel to #NewYork for game 6?
its funny cause handy manny is mexican to lol
well yall were talking about it and stuff.
RT If you're a DIRECTIONER !
Holy crap let's do an anthology...
hey hey! Loving it! Hot everyday, great food what more could I want! You keeping busy? :)
What the hell RT : 1 out of every 4 teenage girls have an STD.
Got his ass...if only blacks can do this on a daily basis, we could b WINNING foreal
lets get it fam
"There's nothing wrong in our Fraternity that can't be fixed by what's right in our Fraternity." Bro. Roderick L. Smothers
Happy Birthday Mayor Tom Barrett! !
Happiness is not the result of circumstance. It is the result of loving others
talked all dat shit, and I texted him...and...nothing...Lol...
Heard that #Francona refused to throw anyone under the bus today - pity the names he protected didn't do the same for him
Thanks and for the #Followfriday, really appreciate it!
ahahaha , bra i was just playn
Is bored
where is the rally?
I can't keep my eyes open
love it! Have not read all, but looks really interesting so far! Thanks for sharing!
Donk Coach #Prophecy: There will be a #oneworldcurrency within five years.
Feeling a little sea sick. Wasn't on a boat tho. I was subjected to home movies @ the family Christmas party w/ extremely shaky camera work.
I hope you feel better (:
Today's message was inspired by 's television program on yesterday. Please see her website and/or follow her on here.
I Really Don't Feel Like going to School :( Ugh
follow before she commits!14
Great show at Bennies Boom Boom Room...headed back to the nola!
The Nectar De Roses collection from provides 24-Hour Hydration! Stop in to find the perfect product for you:...
Thank you very mcuhhh
fat, single, and ready for a pringle ;)!
We can help spread the word! Also, you on this? TakeBackBoston.org!
It u aint about funds then u cant get none
I think I succeeded in providing enough exercise for my dogs today. I was just outside with them & they all just stood around!
Delta Airlines stinks! Stuck in Newark airport.
#elpaso it's what's for dinner?
It's so cold in the D.
i prefer iced milanos but to each their own
I will be announcing FCC Knight Challenge w/chair Genachowski in Silicon Valley to foster innovation in tech
“: If I don't remember it.....it didn't happen.”
My pussy miss him too ;)
our amazing DSM JR stopped by yesterday to show us some awesome new guitars! My personal favorite the 716ce
thanks for coming out and glad you enjoyed our set. And its always a pleasure to meet our fans.
I had too many snacks this afternoon and ruined my dinner. Wompsies.
Sometimes I think I'm crazy cause I see things so differently then everyone else
Maddie and I just watched landshark ;)
Thankful for another day!
UK's not losing homie, lol.
I WANT TOMS.
With some determination even your pipe dreams can come true.
NO! If you go you will regret it...
Really? A my-dog-gets-beer-commercial? From the writers that brought you Final Destination 5 and Beethoven 16.
Details coming soon...
sure. if you bring me some fajitas and a Nerd rope
This ubersocial update...
Their faces look like they were forced at gunpoint. Nice find!
I'm lost. I need to find my escape.
Aww, a student brought donuts to the library staff this morning. Thank you!
Just now recovering from the Christmas party last night! We had a blast!!!
Yes go Steelers!!!
ohh alright! My mom is makin such a big deal cus im turning 18 , she wants me to get my hair/makeup done for one picture :o
No, the exhibit has exotic species so we follow USDA guidelines. Butterflies can't leave room, butterflies can't be brought in.
Pretty sure you can make it available for free.
Beautiful things still available at tastemaker tag sale! Luv our partnership!
we miss you too!
Site stats show 3 dozen visits via Twitter in the last hour, but there's no new mentions today. What am I missing? Twitter stealth mention?
People of Earth! If you get a text from me and it makes no sense, it's probaly because I sent it a day earlier.
I am honored to be your first! Come on! Start tweeting!
naw dawg. Thats when im flying there. Im staying till the last week of august.
#everydayithinkabout why I didn't do this a long time ago!
Disappointed that Rep. M. Waters (from Hollywood) supports #SOPA, a bill that mandates DNS blocking & would break the Internet.
frienemies were are u? i think i'm bored
Don't cheat yourself, treat yourself:)
Travels in&'round Sauk Co for last phase of #EconGardening Pilot. A few leaves left on Baraboo Bluffs and some fantastic companies!
Hammond has replaced Harris' bad contracts with his own (Maggette, Gooden, Jefferson, Jackson).
Mo tore his Acl...
Had a crazy but very productive day. Closing early tonight, goodnight everyone!
i missed yu to!!!! im prob not gonna be at school tomorrow either
Good dialogue happening around improving the quality of public education. More parent involvement in kids school is a key finding
No Doubt. Enjoy Your Day Ma'am!
both happen to me every week!
No both places well. Yosemite first if Tioga Rd. open-to Tuolomne high country. With Y-stone u get Tetons, 2.
damn #retrograde !
how can you possibly sell Puppet like that? seems to apply on to products directly used by end users, no?
5/15-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Warren Holstein
Fans hang banners!
Awee ! That Means Soo Much :D !
ASAP. fur season is almost OVER
Just faced my biggest-ever professional career challenge: needing to spell "received receipt" on a Post-It w/out spell check
okay, I'll be right there ;)
dont give the #strippers any $$..think about it,they gotta get naked anyway..
Approximately 7.7 million people have been illegally downloading music throughout 2010, according to a report by the British record industry
Theodore Parker~ Never violate the sacredness of your individual self-respect.
text me real quick I need your number
totally drained and i will be at the end of this coming week too.
Chocolate-peanutbutter cheesecake is back b____'s!!
your phone dials out too! ahaha i'll call you tonight and we can 3way lee
would you rather pay retail or find the same or similar thing for a 1/4 of the price? Thats what we ask here at ESELL...
Everyone is a sports commentator when a game is on.
we've had scooters on throttle several times! i almost bought a once as a result!
im bouta to.. Gotta hit the road at 6
Can I has a do over
The Silk Tie likes Marco!
been too focused on talking smack about Jalen Rose's questioning predictions, I have to say that I love Kurt Rambis's predictions.
Stayed home again:(
I hear ya, Just pisses me off. No offence or anything. :) I'm just Mad. My Fam needs that $
Happy Birthday !!
Had such an AMAZING night!! Words can't even explain.
I would give up my 3rd and 4th child to be able to fart on command. Absolute GREATNESS!!
I'm done. I'm done texting you first. I'm done hoping you'll call & I'm done crying myself to sleep. You're just not worth it anymore.
Always good to see !
Apologizing when you don't mean it just makes everything worse.
lint filter?
Almost every city in Latin America has doubled, tripled, quadrupled in size since 1950 with no accountability in built env
Awesome! What's the name of it? We'll add it to DCWiki!
RT : #Cox divesting 700 MHz upper and lower blocks will likely yield more money than it sunk in. AT&T takes B blocks and US...
I hope your end of 45th Street is fairing better than mine!
Omg He Crazy Lol That Text >>>>
TGD leftovers tonight, with cranberry relish! Chop in a food processor: fresh cranberries, whole orange, walnuts, Granny Smith apple, dates.
...that looks like a LBB hallmark card! are you for hire?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Oh why? How big are those pillows? Neck pillows should be small but ergonomic :-)
wooing people
inviting you to chat now
hey! We are from around Pittsburgh PA! And we play pop/punk! :) you can check out our songs on Facebook :)
Congrats pretty lady! Many happy blessings
Homecoming makeup by Sedrique for $30!!! Call the salon to schedule an appointment...
hey you need to follow me so i can send you my address :)
Mac n cheese pizza =
8:30. $5 entry with ANY College ID! RT : What time do shows start on Thursday nights?
I have whiteboard crayons that might do the trick for shower writing. In my office. Let me know.
My mentions and DMs are dead.
working and at the shop!!! what about you we are having thanksgiving at unk raymond house!!!! r u comming and bring my girls
Am now a direct rep for NDG, www.dolcegustostore.com. DM for discounts, freebies.
Perfect one-word review. RT : Review: Excelsior!
F all tHem niggas
Haha! Okay, as long as you don't FaceTime me at 2 in the morning! Ha I NEED SOME #CUDDLETIME PRONTO!!! #<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
haha what happened?
In order to survive this day, Starbucks is needed. ASAP
Hope U are having a great weekend :)
sometimes, i just wanna take a train to London or Australia, & get away from everything.
ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME.
hmm... so when i was playing dad I was potentially more attractive to women?
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 23
Just living another day of being black in America....
RT : Secure your trash, recycling, and yard stuff before a hurricane. When it blows away, it may end up in our streams.
Of all the things to bond over with a person you've missed talking to (terribly) in the last 2 yrs: having kidney stones at the same time.
Make sure you give our scholarship website a try. We match you with the scholarships that you're most likely to win. It's easy!
This show cray .
I question my character, am I all that I can be?
don't do it lol
Andy! How are you?
on campus or neutral site? I feel they should be on campus great atmosphere college hoops. Thoughts???
Major tattoo tragedy! :)
I seriously don't know how or why this semester went by SO speedy ... Can't believe there's only 3 more weeks left
t's not about #wealthy paying more #taxes, it's about removing #loopholes & #deductions. Help me beat
uhm excuse me I did not
The Flaming Lips Hand Out Gummy Skulls — And We Were There!
beyonce and jay'z kid is trending and shes not even a year old.
"Sometimes its the smallest decisions that can change your life forever."
"You're on my campus, Buddy."
For mid 30's, they're not bad. :) I actually work out hard daily!“: are you saying you dont have great legs, haha”
How was your workout ? You have practice this week?
Congrats to #WWU on winning the national championship!
I MISS YOU </3
very impressed with the new blackberry 10 phone......!!!!!!
I was dying lol
You'll LOVE it here! RT I'm a soon-to-be resident, moving in July 31! :) Can't wait!
Don't point the finger at Arby's.
Tf that bitch call for !?!
All of my hoops broke; I need more!
things i accidently google: eminem first startup
So many problems with Facebook lately
SO EXCITED FOR #Believe!!! And I believe you'll notice me someday...<3
love all that leopard!!
Off to northern!
CyberMaryland makes national debut at RSA 2012 today. If you're attending RSA 2012, be sure to stop by Booth
Jesus, be ALL OF THE FENCES!
Going to be in Indy this summer? Sign up for intramural 3 on 3 basketball! Deadline is May 15th. Sign up in the Natatorium room 043.
We're rearranging our exhibit halls in anticipation of an exhibit on eugenics opening in September - come see what's new!
When you have something to say, how do you search for the best/proper hashtag? Twitter should have a drop down menu of related options.
how can you not love the final 4
Parents just always ruin shit don't they
Okay now I'm annoyed... locked out of apt and can't get ahold of bldg manager. I have shit to do! Damn it!
sorry dude, phone died hours ago
tswift always looks flawless
The biggest enemy you<U+FFFD>ll ever face or deal with in life is ... yourself
Cooling our heels at #chuy's in Louisville. Twenty minutes at the table before I could get water!
Yes we do not want to punish victims. We also shouldn't punish CONSENSUAL SEX WORKERS who choose sex work!
What a sunny morning. I don't think my eyes opened from the bus door to the green room.
WHAT?! Women should earn equal pay for equal work. But I like making 70 cents to every male dollar.
“The daily works of God are the rhythms in which creation occurs.” -Dietrich Bonhoeffer
oh wow- that looks fantastic. Hope ur enjoying urself out there!
Arrived in Sheffield to speak at the the MmIT National Conference tomorrow
"I don't need this working class hero crap!"
Cant wait until tomorrow... "A" will be revealed! #PrettyLittleLiars .
my dummb ass phone won't stop now let me know if it keeps sending em
Wise words.
that was upsetting.
The 1,600 concerts I've conducted R like sand I've sifted. The music I am studying is my treasure. My future projects R my diamonds.
that's debatable..
Have you considered participating in our Career Fair on 5/16? 100s of great candidates to help fill your openings in
Are these populations that we are serving, or should be serving?
I have an event to go to tomorrow, but i will be available anytime after 3:30pm. Or, you can provide your contact to call
ooh, you're going to that? excellent.
No prob! Always looking for new ideas!
I'll bet you dinner at that #Mayweather stops h by the 9th'
yes he does. Especially when his guys catch the ball. Just missed rookie on home run.
“Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. ” Mark Twain
Our Hero invented Southwest Sunday. And the Southwest. And Sunday.
Damn, you make me wanna stay on twitter now.
On set in wantagh ny. I love making art!! Great crew! Familiar faces!
After helping a patron find event he was looking for he said, If you hear a bell ring, there's an angel getting you closer to heaven.
": Thanks for following! Nice meeting you!"SAME HERE SIR.
At the Gates Planning Board meeting. They're are residents here who are upset about 26 townhomes planned to be built.
Hard to sleep on my day off
Second on the SSD advice - it's probably the best upgrade money you can spend.
great morning guys! hitting the beach later
when life hands you lemons,well.....aquire a taste for lemons :)Hustel'n n the name of music! .com/rufar0 thankz :)lets blues out
Evolution usually pairs a physical ability with mental faculty to use it. This is why women are more violent than men at heart.
ok i'm mad that it's plenty dicks on my twitter line and ain't nobody tryin to fuck -_-
thanks so wat u doing noew ?
I just love her so much.
Good Morning! Come in today & receive 10% off all concentrates! See ya soon!
CO Senate gives prelim voice approval to SB172, the mult-istate testing bill.
Good food?....Twitter followers? It all comes together at www.TasteTweet.com Apply today to be taster. First you taste, then you tweet.
I mean, beta.
That dragon is pretty badass. Congrats on getting it!
if it takes the rest of my life baby I'll wait for you <3
Got to go one dimensional w/out MENDY...like him or not?
this is so awkward
LOL! I think half the nation would self deport in that case
hey please follow me for my cousins bday gift (her bday was 2 days ago) SHE LOVES YOU ALO AND would be happy if you follow me :)
Please follow an Indiana University Student that went missing on 6.3.11.
The final Chen award goes to & for the "Pop-Up Radio Archive" for independent radio producers.
Blazers Acting GM just said LaMarcus Aldridge hip surgery is scheduled for May 10th in Vail, CO.
RT : Broncos' draft choice Eric Olsen: Started along all 3 interior OL positions at Notre Dame-Penalized once in final 1,731 plays
I really want to appologize all the spam that hit my account. I got hacked and finally changed my password so this should not happen again.
I come home and everyone decides to be rude to me.
it says she followed my old account like in 2009 but i didnt kno cos I lost my password but I got it back today ILL DM HER FOR YA(:
Cartman singing I Swear on #southpark right now just kicked ass! Lmfao
Great, thanks.
Your health account is like your bank account: The more you put in, the more you can take out. - Jack Lalane
For more info on ALL our upcoming events, please visit www.opalgroup.net. Speakers and sponsers are welcomed
my Cowboys hater coworker who's a "Bears fan" can name u all our QBs in the past 20 yrs, but no clue on who QBed for da Bears
I'll re-friend you first, to make it easier. I ought to link you u with at least a couple more. Good luck.
Got to be on stage with and made love to the crowd during their show at Playground Festival. Totally awesome experience.
just got my tickets for the midnight show on thursday..... Kick ass!!!!
RT : general counsel comment - talking with OGC is great way to make admin aware of your DH project, impact
you're voice is beautiful! Im sorry people are rudely leaving! We love you! :-)
Whoa. It's snowing in MD??
There's some TMZing at the AT&T. Highly impressed with the quotes from tonight. Very insightful.
#Exp2TrailerLiveTweet #expendables2 trailer looks dope !! can't wait
Now that is here, and I can tweet about our info tech jokes
Check out my profile, y'all. Who digs the brackets?!
FREE ORGAN CONCERT 2-3pm w/renowned local Organist Dr. Carol Williams! SanDiego has the world's largest outdoor pipe organ!
Spring? What spring?
i really want to learn acrylic painting - wondering about classes/options/opportunities in DC
that akward moment when u try to turn on the tv but itz not working because u dont realize that u really have ur house phone in ur hand
Hope it's refundable.
Those tire snakes are causing some trouble already.
Follow back
had a blast....part like a rock star!
We doing shows for nice prices book Take Money ENT
happy new year!<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Good morning! We hope everyone has a great weekend. Don't forget that small changes are just as vital as the big ones. Keep it up!
Thanks, Julie. You spread the word, and we'll share what passes for expertise around here to anyone interested!
CSI Las Vegas Series marathon!
oh yea I knew I forgot to look something up and it was that show lol what's it about?
my brother installs gps and stuff for a living, I'll check with him.
Hittin up subway before the mavs play!!!! Come on!
BC has never lost an ACC hockey game.
game on.
Call me old fashioned, but I actually take relationships seriously.
#BizTip Image is EVERYTHING! Invest in a quality website from the start, and reap the rewards for years to come!
ha we can still get some fist pumping in
heh. RT : Finally, that thing I hadn't started using yet together with that thing I hate using.
... Hector was saying on facebook to call him if you wanted to get rid of tix
when do u work? I work sat at 3. Sunday at 10:45
Today, pick one element of your daily life or your daily workout, and approach it with more effort and intensity than usual. Just 1. Go4it!
welcome to Cincinnati!
I got it from someone else. When did you send it?
Having dinner with "myself" & "I", I'm so glad they didn't flake on me >
tnx for data
Thank you, Miss Tiffany. Your support is much appreciated.
"Life is on big road, filled with lots of signs! Don't get caught in a rut and complicate your mind!" B. Marley Thank goodness it's Friday!
Q3. help ppl remember that"everything" is bigger than it looks like. if frustrated, that's not t eternal perspective
I LOVE selena and justin :) justinlena ;D
I'm not even going to start this again.
playing nothing but hits
My mom just watched your ustream with me and she thought you were adorable:)
Omg #Pride is coming
Brit Lauren Music Video shoot Day 1. Let the shots begin! Yayers.
Rock Creek run, now heading to (post shower) to see Headhunters, very excited. Friday date night happiness
VP Biden's assertion that POTUS makes policy was principled in a way, reminded me. Remember Cheney's power grab?
Bruce. March 19.
Worth the wait. Fantastic book.
Yeah we gotta go !
thanks. :) at this point I just want to survive the quarter with out making any more mistakes.
We can help with your EXPO. We can rent copiers and printers for a day or more. Give us a call we can help. 303-778-0600
Did you get the vote? I saw ur vote and I think you accidentally voted for us for best Italian instead of Greek lol
I suspect you made Sam Cattle's year by meeting him today - he's quite a fan
Going to see that show next Friday in NY-- love Weegee
No matter how much you watch fresh prince it's impossible to get sick of it.
Are you planning your St. Patty's day or waiting until Thursday morning to figure out your festivities?
Had a great time photographing Donavon at Howards tonight.
Listening to 's Human Clay. Despite listening for the 12 years its been around, I still get surprised with how good it is.
Just had a lovely champagne toast w/ our staff to celebrate our one year anniversary! Thanks to all of #yinz that have made this year great!
Just checked the weather and it looks like I'm driving into a couple days of thunderstorms...sweet...
Not today, but a credit can be used to show a line-item discount. Email if you want to discuss in detail.
How is your family celebrating Mother's Day?
Meet 3 PSU grads who are starting a mobile grocery store to help the underserved in PDX. See it @ 6:30 on KGW.
Tracy: our children/gchildren won't be nostalgic abt books, but abt surfing.
Go #pcbl Dogs, a win puts us in the Playoffs.
How are people Tweeting when he's on stage?! I'll never understand!
i have a muscle knot the size of Atlantic City.
Yea an u! RT : And me RT : Im living my life for me & my kids NOBODY else!!
lol Kobe thank man
#Disparities data chlling: Infant death rate for Black Americans twice as high as for White Americans. Info via &
Or you could be the lady next door who throws cats at the RIT kids who party too loud.
very cool... You forgot my name but it's okay lol I still luv ya maybe next year props to you for thinking of and rocking it
Colored Jeans - hot or not?
HEY! i follow back to ALL of MY FOLLOWERS!! Follow ME! :) <3
Had a very productive night! Push it to the Limit!
have you guys thought of adding any sort of "pivoting" block? like a hinge? cause that would be cool.
RT : Planning Meeting. 7:30 a.m. On a Saturday. It must be love. #VaForum12 // (*cough, cough*)
Grrrrrr i freakin hate my twitter apps on my iphone that mess makes me mad it be freezin in stuff geesh im gettin a htc next
Take delight in the Lord, and he will give you your heart's desires. Psalm 37:4
agreed. Very intriguing tho...
RT : Show me a man that's worth it and I'll show you a woman who cares.
If I don't wake up and promote myself or promote myself before I fall asleep my day either isn't complete or I can't sleep. I stay grindin
what do you have though?
All this mommy stuff i do, Mommy needs some mommy time to herself, sorry kiddos! I hav a date this weekend! #groovebacktweet haha
Hi Gabs - we don't have any Venezuela scholarships right now, but keep watching for more in the future. Maybe at some point!
Any Marylanders who use(d) Chantix want to share their experiences with a reporter? Email
Getting plans together for Cochon 555....anyone coming? Should be amazing....
You heard right lol
Excited for some hot yoga tonight!
have you met the crew yet? ask them about #whatsitworth they have some #giveaways!!!
I gotta b bored on this b.s..
I almost fell over when the guy showed me the 12oz and the sticker said 4.99 i was thinking where are the other 5
YAY I FEEL REALLY SPECIAL..!! lol
Anyone arriving in Dallas around 8pm on Thursday night and want to share a cab into the city?
Abramovich's mobster friends have seemingly paid off this ref... Come on Fulham...
do you mean that in a bad way?
Should roll up just to make this female mad LMAO
Granted, gynecology is only a hobby of mine.
Any thoughts on the Blake Griffin dunk from last night?
me too.
come give me some good good.
I was told next year, its obviously gonna work like that you said. Rookies/FA for 3 rounds I think. Thanks 4 the feedback
Listening to ariana grandes song---"born this way"
that one was for you foo ;) <3
Merry Christmas
What is the best lunchtime side for your sandwich or burger - fries, fruit or coleslaw?
awwwuh! she really did! but don't forget Matt!!! He looked very #Fresh! haha! ;)
UW d-line had Hemer, Kelly, Muldoon and Allen all working together. DBs were Southward, Johnson, Cromartie and Jean
Robert Glasper's Beginner's Guide to Jazz: "I'd play them me, Roy Hargrove's RH Factor, and Red Clay...something they can relate to"...truth
I'm at UNO waiting for Calculus: The Musical to start.... God I'm such a nerd..
4/idk how many, breaks my heart to see her suffer so please go out and #PRAYFORDANICA she really really really needs it
Not even close. Probably about 20 at most.
They're painting Justin's office while he's in Florida. I'd have them paint mine when I'm in Kansas but it's mostly cube walls and a window.
I think we can safely call them the first "modern family"
yea im free! Just dm me ur contact n ill holla back at cha! Where u at rite now?
dare I ask who you are rooting for?
Thanks for the mention! Happy to hear you are doing well.
New neighbors moved in. Damn. I was hoping that house would remain empty until i could afford to buy it.
lol im down danny is gonna have his own show in a few years anyways
I Did Very Much Just Wish It Didn't Have To End Like That... :'-(
Good for you, Happy new year, looking forward see you in actions
Don't be I'n the kitchen if you can't handle the heat.. >.<
Ecxited for 's party! :)
Here is how CNN identifies Norm Coleman: "Is a licensed attorney."
4exy dude u are
SOX: Cody Ross doubles Daniel Nava for fifth #RedSox run. 5-1 over the #Indians in the fifth.
Woke up this morning thinkin about you. That may be weird but its true. So thinking about you. Your amazing. I love you.
Snow shmow were here to have fun all day! I want someone to make a snow angel on the patio! Bring it on!!! :)
omfg can you image? that'd be like jesus in a party
OR better yet he can join us and we can show him how to party!!!
That mental image just made my week, lady. Well-done!
I think the sea has more luck than I. .. : (
My coworker brought donuts in to celebrate the appearance of a coffee maker at work.. no comment.
Tomorrow is gonna be SUCH a long day
Just gonna go drive to super heb <U+2600>
"Tip toe, by the window"
really?? How did you get through it??
So hungry this morning i grunted while eating.... first time ive felt GOOD after a mcdonalds breakfast
RT : I'm just afraid one day, you'll leave me. Like everybody else has.
It's a "hint, hint" RT This is the second or third time Obama as pointed out that he got Bin Laden
had a good birthday. How to sushi books, froyo pie, calls, fb good wishes, cards, and much love. yay!
I feel honored to know why you googled 2/5 of those things. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
Aw, shucks. Thank you. :)
There is no such thing as a non-working mother-download- InSpotter app
just here came from a good ass party ...
don't mind my gasping, it's just so much harder to breath when you're near.. <U+E327>
followed:)x
Heey girl you are stalking me ! Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
i have so many old embaressing tweets opidshgjsdg;ilaesg
On paper, #Maryland law looks good but information released by Dept of Human Resouerces not complete.
What u guys thinkn? Bulls in 4?
...but not when I access it via "proj/index.php" - in that case it loads Pages -> home. No luck after hours of googling. Any thoughts?
i hate how my sisters act so spoiled in front of their friends.
#YouWasCuteUntil you started talking down about yourself
Loving it!! Didn't realize what I was missing until I got one.
Second City Hollywood TONIGHT @ 10PM for THUNDERDOME!!! D SWAN competes for the 7th week in a row!!! Help us stay Champions!! $5. FREE BEER!
Paul's Thorn forced Him to trust in God and come 2 others in weakness. He related to the people where they were. He shared the Gospel!
that twat Bartolli is some idiot..City will end up imploding with douches like that in their squad..xmas will tell all as usual
it's buenos diaz
waking up at 10:00, now listening to music. let's HANGOUT?! CALL ME
that's very kind of you, member of my vast social network.
omg 1 more follower until 650! should i do a live chat once i get there or should i just wait until 700?
RT : #Enservio named third fastest growing private company in Boston by #bostonbusinessjournal. Insurance is fun (really)!...
Another good one!
#Atlas V #rocket launch mission scrubbed ... maybe 24 hours, maybe Saturday ... was still fun to be out & about
cant wait til TNA :D RIP Donna Summer
i LOVE and appreciate every single one of you, my followers, my fans, my family and my friends. #JustRememberThat. #AppreciationTweet. <3 (:
I was sad to hear is against the minimum paid sick days. Forcing people to choose between money and health is unacceptable.
It took me a bit to figure out how to send you a tweet! At least, I think I did this right . . .
Hannah, I miss you so much:(
lmao...You're too much, I can't with you lol, miss you!
I dont need they help i can do it myself
Being in this house aggravates me!
"Hey yogurt, if you're so cultured, how come I never see you at the opera?" - Attributed to Stephen Colbert
Crazy allergies. A week out of town can't come soon enough.
Saturday night RAIN. NO COVER all night. 21& up welcome. Dj Mystik in the mix. Texas Toy, Twim Inc & Peter Blue. Dnt miss out!!!
It's the wine. -RT : ugh just used week 2x in one tweet
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck. I'm so tired right now it ain't even funny. And I got places to go :(
I'm not giving up on this. I can't lose what I care the most about.
Things will get better. It might be stormy now, but it can't rain forever.
I think this February 14 is going to be so awesome... Because I'm gonna be with him... Ü
you just dont listen...where you lack is your physicality, u need to be under a squat rack...i dont want to hear about camps
hey drew its charissa i thought i was the awesomest person ever:(
New PALI "Lavish" off the upcoming Rude Awakening album will drop friday
Thanks & others for the tweets re Speak Up 2011!
Even though the whole world stops listening, I need you to hear me.
Colin that's gross ;)
Had so much fun with and everyone else last night! :)
cutest thing ever
Is stitchin' and bitchin' with Dennis...
Thanks, everyone for a great #nasig11 ! I met great people, learned great things, saw a bit of St. L and can't believe I have work tomorrow!
ru williams still sings ?
World leaders r meeting in NYC to adopt a new declaration to reaffirm commitments to fight global #AIDS. Join the march in Bryant Park!
tax breaks created by you lefties for your rich, elite, friends that really don't want to pay tax,)
I just made 50 dollars in tips and that was on a slow day!!!
WAS TO DIE FOR
season's over.
Layla.. knock it off.
@ the closing event for the BSG exhibit @ the EMP (which rocks btw) Too fun! Surrounded by sf peeps! :) Panel Q&A starts soon
Relationships are precious, don't take them for granted. The worst feeling in life is, when someone you know becomes someone you knew.
LOL! RT Overheard at This is It: "Whatever happened to that other bartender?" "Oh, nothing, he just went to prison."
once u start u simply can't stop.im just trying 2 get a high score on fruit ningas!!
I have a present for my mom, by the way. I always get her flowers the morning of though.
if you had Cinemax, ferris buehler is on demand.
AHH YOU SEWIUSSS? THAT MAKES ME FEEL SPECIAL..
enough of Cuse fans bitching bout refs Play better n you won't have to blame it on em. orange had a great season.Ohio was better team 2night
I haven't cried this much since ,when I found out about my brother
LOVE YOU!
RT: When someone special walks into your life and is able to change things for the better, Don't ever let them walk away”
I have lemon parties
omg where?!?
Lebronzilla is doing that.
I have the most amazing boyfriend ever. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> yeah, be jealous.
I really like the new , except I have to click to see total views. Don't lie - we all look and judge.
Bass tracks for Burning Revenge finished!
Nah, don't feel guilty. You earned it! (Great job this week, by the way! I was one of the percussionists in the pit.)
I love when the easter bunny leaves plastic eggs full of candy!
Woohoo! Love to see Firefly on
thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
call me later
Off to the nail shop with my mommy!
you gotta do the incline while you're in the burg'.
basically what's happening. We need all of them back.
The only places checks into are the law school library and places that serve coffee and beer.
I tried watching the Vikings stadium #mnsenate floor debate this afternoon Just.couldn't.do.it
Daily bagel with
QR Codes - What The Heck - How To Use Them - www.WebWhizWorks.com QR Codes - How to use qr codes f.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Thanks for the RT! (Sorry for being late to thank you - I've been out of town for 2 weeks.)
yes you're right. I still town on Chelsea lol. Did you change your twitter name for a bit?
The Chester WSOPC grind continues today. $560 with 120ish regd an okay starting table with Philly's finest &
TODAY: Info session in 1121 Humanities at 7pm, Hope to see you there!
But never late is better ;)
Performance, and performance alone, dictates the predator in any food chain.~SEAL Team saying
ThMorUKno: “Logic might be imagined to exist independent of writing..[but it].. descended from the written word.”-JamesGleick,TheInformation
lets get it to trending #ProudOfAC, because we love ya so........<3
San Jacinto/Navarro is coming up next as we shift to the winner's bracket portion of the tournament
We in the city are spoiled with our solid, dependable cell signals. Oh for a land line. (this tweet brought to you by a wifi)
Those long jumpers from Iguodala don't look as good when the don't go in. I want the first quarter back.
you have to have really good tumbling to make jv freshman year for football season
Stories that help us cope w/grief are so rare and vital. Thx to and for , now on #Netflix. Lovely & smart!
Yep they host the A's
Yes! Elliott took a class all about that - when he gets on I'll have him tell you more -J
Thanks for checkin them out! <3 RT : Just listened to and loved them. :]
I wish I could of seen DJ am perform ):
hello facebook how u doing
#nowPlaying Kryptonite - Purple Ribbon All-Stars
that's awesome!
Good idea! "Visit us! RT __________ is the first thing I'll do when I get to Hawaii."
I love how my mom says we don't have enough money to buy you a pizza but she can afford a fucking 12 pack of beer for my dad. Wtf???
I'm so hungry I have to turn away every time a pizza commercial comes on.
Yes, it sounds...Just. Like. That. lol
The more followers I get, the harder I work at #GettingItDone!
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something. ~Plato
open today until 7PM for early voting. Use Delaware St door for easy access to CCB.
your welcome :)) just got my diploma
You can kiss my Oh My Gah!! hahaha love you Karmin!
I needs me some ghost chilis to wake up today
Woot! advanced to round 2 in the #newschallenge! Thanks to and everyone who engaged with us.
Thanks stormy weather, I needed a shower.
#Martin, A Feast For Crows (Song of Fire & Ice/Game of Thrones #4). Maybe worth the overdue fine to polish this off over the long weekend.
Ah #Cowboys do it again... Least we can still win the division
Does NFL need to do more at youth level in terms of better coaching & access to info for parents?
what. i will crush him.
Will do. When are the best runs at McChesney?
Mercy Corps Monday is Today at Costello's. As we do every Monday, we'll donate 5% of our sales to Mercy Corps.
RT “: My mom is making me go to the mall in this thunderstorm... better like her present <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> #Literally”
describes how her pitch to cover inner city probs in LA was not well received. She did it anyway and won a Pulitzer
I throw that mastering on that rack city my nigga. U know that's extra rite there + that sauce. Lol.
We are sampling the "Altana" tonight at a wine tasting. We love this wine! Cheers!
ha just sitting watching it snow! first snow day of the year :D
Hm...you think - really? RT : Corp culture is not the same as employer brand either... emp brand = reputation
Aw! I know Michelle is missing them but they're in excellent hands!
Love From Missouri<3
"Don't quote me on that, I'll have to go back and look." - Another pearl from ESPN's Amy Lawrence. #canwegetsomejournalistsontheair?
Thus, each morning and evening a Jew re-enacts and re- appropriates the encounter with God at Sinai,
Three different types of objects in the person data repository: persons, aspects, references.
Seeing a car in the middle of the mall and thinking "How the fuck did they get that there?!"
Its another wonderful monday upon this oh so amazing land...we shall walk in the sun until the rain comes down & then dance the night away!
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW>>>>> RT THIS FOR A SHOUTOUT BY ME!!:)
Hey power went out! Wait. How am I tweeting this? Oh... Computer has a battery pack backup... Back to work :(
We laughed at the #Bridgestone commercial, funny stuff with #deon an
Avengers was fun. Now sleep.
I #need a #ciggaret Cereal Bowles
I wanna look nice today and do my hair and stuff, but I have things to do
,i love u baby
Good game #TNT #NBA Golden State and Dallas Maverics
My #WDW friends, what are the crowds outside of MK like?
#ConfessionNight I think Chris Martin might even be tied with right now,
This time last year Mike Brown was saying that would retire a Bengal. & 2 of the QB's had the last name Palmer. I miss Chad most!
I need it to be summer
18? What site?
Tampa u
I got regular and decaf beans and mixed them. Still drank the same amount of coffee. Reduced the caffeine level every few days.
Well done Royals? That doesn't sound right.
I was getting there!!!
everyones dead man ur the last man on earth u didnt hear?
Check out the new studio update to hear a clip of #teotwp :)
Females everywhere i need to grab one.
I got a massage from a psychic once. It was unique. She predicted it would happen before it happened!
Get familiar wwith subject data repositories, and insert yourself in that process.
i wanna watch christmas movies. Who's in? ??
Great now I missed a whole paper,while I was absent Thursday!!! Just my luck,
My goal is to hit it and hit it and hit it till my 21st birthday. It's my gift to myself.
tippers. And left emergency contact info with multiple peeps who for my back
BEER SCHOOL!!! AWESOME. We'll pass this info on!
LMAOOO the umbrella thing out my back says 'do not erect in windy conditions' hahahahahahaha.
You haven't tweeted at all today :( but we know your #FOCUSED on Believe and Iove you for that can't wait till Sunday
I just find a lot of FP tutorials lacking a problem being solved, see our monad discussion many months ago
I know some hood people but damn.
Convos with my niece is always so enlightening
Oh my goshh. Where did you get that purple?!
This sentence should be synonymous with the sound of "Taps" playing for #Knicks fans. RT Lots of Toney Douglas tonight.
I'm very scared for tomorow !
but could u pl watch the video ?
Knee deep in Something I shouldn't have gotten into.
Life its self is a mystery
I'm ready to go right back to bed though.
Forced to listen to Jesus music at the auto repair store.
Putting the finishing touches on the #THOR video for Getting close...
What was YOUR New Year's resolution? Have you broken it yet?
“: I want sonic.” sprite*
I saw the April real estate numbers this AM & thought of your sister. She was spot on with her optimism.
How do you leverage credit to create cash?
our government had been corrupt since inception
Your Mom is my fav combackk
News round-up-AEP repeals rate hikes, Walmart may come to Oakwood, Dimora trial starts and stops. Join reporter's roundtable now on 90.3.
haircut and haircolor party please? I miss your face.
hehe, I mean I guess if you're into that ;)
did anyone order a personalized tour dvd? around check out did it ask you about your personalized message? cause its not asking me (c)
it's a good thing you don't care if your fans cry when we meet you bc I'll be bawling. #HappyTears!
i couldn't even dance with my bestie without roger jumping in
Got accepted to the D:Hive BUILD class to write my business plan and network with other entrepreneurs! Excited!
“: Why is everyone so sad on my TL??? Don't worry people tomorrow is Tuesday so you know what that means......POPEYES!!!”
Over/under on how many dogs respond to that tweet?
About 30 1 or 2 hit wndrs too..The Vapors, Wall of Voodoo, Naked Eyes, The Squeeze, When In Rome, The Furs, Bow Wow Wow, Adam Ant
It is of great importance that you wash behind your ears.... I hate when ppl with stank ass ears try to hug me..
All day!
Would rather watch #idol over X factor any day.
thats good...I've been chilling and babysitting
you are correct DMoney...ancient aliens is hilarious...I do agree ;)
Just killed biceps and abs. Sore as hell.
cool, thank you.
I #want a .gif of the Davey Johnson reaction to Zimmermann hitting Hamels. He gave Jordan the "WTF are you doing?" look.
Maybe watching the Make It Or Break It episode that I missed yesterday will make me feel a bit better.
I so agree lol RT Pets > kids
no id love too though
Yo mama so bald even a wig wouldn't help!
Got a DFL fundraising email pimping results of latest P poll and "incredible show of momentum" for DFL. Umm... going from 49-40 to 48-39?
Its official now. Scaphoid bone and radius in right arm broken on 9/19. turned 42 and had accident same day. new white cast.
Hey . Havent talked to you in a while . i miss you brah . you should come visit me . anytime . (: Love Kailynn .
Coolness, thanks for the link!
it was our pleasure!
You are a bastard.
I just wanna get out this house.
I trip out everytime I see it. Serpe can't breathe on it.
Robert's Peaceful Warrior is a great workout!
I'll be there Saturday afternoon and i too wish that was now...
Did you know shares their building with a modeling agency?
This is new South Asian Rapper I rap in English, Punjabi, Hindi/Urdu.
okay talk to Ashley about it
Can't finish the Accord, it is raining. What to do…what to do...
Heading off to work in a cloud of gloom. I leave it to my students to lift my mood!
Since I share the name with a #RedSox game maybe I need to warm up
Some songs, make me happy, make me hyper, but some songs.. just bring back all the memories..
searching for art to put up in my room...
Eh. I went last year to #iwny. Not much to tweet about last year either.
yo can I get a shoutout
The Bobcats should be the only thing in NC that people talk smack about! Oh yeah and John Edwards! LOL
Off to a good start already - sunshine in store for the Tribe's Home Opener.
In mendenhall at the basketball game
Have to pick up Root Killer at the hardware store on my way home. Yeah for clay pipes.
Hey ! Tell coach 2 tell his players 2 skate puck in. Letting Brodeur play the puck hurts us & allowed Devils to skate down score!
“: That person in class that always acts like they're fucking Albert Einstein. Calm down, bro.” Claudine......
You should pick me <3
In my dream I had Lola out tah kill me..
good evening Simon? How was your day?
you NERD!
like any picture of him<3 lol
Btw #tourproblems running out of jacks. Both smokable and in your guitar. I know ya fill meh.
Watching the hunger games with Kailey, only 6 others in theater, glad we waited til today
Mine was great, very busy and productive, just how I like it. :)
are you guys planning to tour?
Naturally occuring "good days" are a fluke. Most good days I have happen by choice. Do you find this to be true?
RT : Jimmy Marsh THE REDEMPTION now available on iTunes! #GETTHAT!
CATS CATS CATS KITTIES on today's show! Purrrrrrfect! Tune in to
I just realized you're in London. Me too! Know of any good Korean restaurants in this town? I'm craving some kimchi.
RT : Take time to re-connect with family and friends- Don't carry grudges or hard feelings, the future is promised to NO ONE!
I have high hopes
me to I wanted to cry yesterday at graduation practice
google won't let me get ads. fake ass bitch ass niggas.
Looking forward to attending some LEEP classes for the #gslisui Fall Reunion!
this is borderline flirting
Idk but especially when the wires are cold. I just sit there intertwining them between my toes.
hahaha...too funny. Yup.....75-80 today...summer gear! ;o)
#DOJ has a publicly available memo (Filips memo) that sets forth very helpful standards for compliance programs
#InstantTurnOn when they pull you closer to them!
the slippery slope argument... allow that and before you know it we'll be marrying llamas, microwaves and azaleas, right?
Watching the formation of a multi-dimensional "ideas" landscape on my macbook is really what Friday nights are all about
strange, strange boys
Busy night far away 4 Pierce County Deputies who were investigating a deadly shooting b/w a man w/a gun & 1 w/a knife. Suspect in custody
your dad looks like he could be levine's dad, or much older brother??? ya know?
Show some class. Remember to pay for your booze and hookers today with pesos.
there is no theory of evolution, just a list of animals chuck norris decided not to kill.
Loving up on some virtual school
#saints franchise just took another hit what a joke!!!
It doesn't need to change much - UI-first could just be a way of validating the same approach you were going to take
omg i know right? makes me laugh all the time! hahaha
Nice grab, Braylon. I hope you have many more.
I find the best time to think of all my masturbation jokes is when I'm on stage. The worst time? At my high school reunion.
I'm so uncomfortable watching the shake weight commercials :/
More random: I wasn't following before, I just saw a random RT from another follower. But I'm following her now. :)
In case you were curious, OPLIN's Dynamic Website Kits are typically designed while listening to
#yomomma so fat she sat on a memory foam mattress and gave it amnesia.
im good sis do you have gmail
does your 4 monitor setup work with OS X Lion?
Good morning! RT I rested, am revived &ready 2 reap Friday's blessings. May you benefit today's fruits.Happy Friday every1.
lol I often sing that in my head on my way to work
I will try to remember. The project is still very much in it's infancy stage.
Remember who you really are - simply manificent.
": So glad I buy organic - especially apples! Thanks for sharing! Saludos!" Saludos, keep it up!
Wouldn't it have made more of an impact if CONQUER SOCIAL MEDIA had all been capitalized rather than just SOCIAL?!?...
On #nplead call,
Bad. Ass.
Thanks for partaking in Ohio Nachos w/ us! Hope we see you again soon~
RT : #Actors: eliminate something superfluous from your life. Break a habit. Do something that makes you feel insecure.
Dc commuters should avoid 14th at all costs. Police have it shut down at Florida.
Hanging out with and
Love it! Love it! Love it! Thanks for sharing, Beth! :-)
Her voice is too deep for a Whitney tribute!!!
trying to learn the tweetdeck
IRememberWhen - Me and my BFF talked to the guy who started We Came As Romans for about 3 hours<3
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. — Mahatma Gandhi
beyond sad! But at least we finally learned. Hopefully, at least.
Thanks to for the great show at the Yacht Club last night! Mellow day in IC, then Vaudeville Mewes tonight in Des Moines
Loll, no one but forreal, doesnt matter.
FOLLOW ME FOLLOW ME FOLLOW ME
Did BG get poisoned by a frosted mini-donut? Find out on next #highbrour!
Have a great holiday weekend everyone! Too bad there are no extra days off, though. :/
I'm finding that you are absolutely correct
: well well.. FINALLY follows me! I feel so...loved! Hahahahaha!
Barrier to leadership development is gap between awareness of leadership development and the gap in org implementation.
Your welcome. :P I've seen you live before. :)
Resolution #1: Finish projects, e.g. that R. Kelly/C.S. Lewis mashup "Trapped in the Wardrobe."
Today's Soups: Beef Vegetable Barley & Cream of Asparagus
Yeah,I'm back to the Selenators!Love you Selena<3
“: Back porchin' with the dog” tell Jackson I said wuddup
marry me?
Dear North Carolina, thanks for thaking 5 steps back!
It was a pleasure to watch you play this year. Thanks for representing the University with class and always leaving it on the floor.
Cant sleep thanks to and I love you
excited for Dance Moms Miami :)
Good news? There is coffee in my house. Bad news? My #Keurig needs distilling in the worst way.
Nope! Something just reminded me of how great to two are. :)
Methods for Measuring Your Heart Rate During Exercise - It would be useless for you to know which heart rate zones will help you get...
totally! lovin it
Dead Boot - Grapefruit
Diablo i gotta take a shit
omg! No, I can't believe it's been that long :(
So my grades arent a reason my mom say no to drake
Working away since 4am as usual...
Voter 222 at Fire Station #1. Not bad for a downtown area right?
FUCK YO AVI U LOOK LIKE A INSIDE OUT ROTTEN WATERMELON U SOGGY BUMPY FACE BITCH
Who do you guys think is going to the Superbowl?
I 'm a journo working for >> KSWB FOX5 << and would like to be in the journalist directory!
I saw you all getting yelled at cuz I went to go throw some trash lol
it's pretty good. It'll prolly be better once I find a place. The drive is killing me.
A bestfriiend is someone tht knows when somethings wrong, knowsthe guys you like, etc... but a bestfriiend is someone tht is always thei ...
I guess not
Who'd rather be watching Johnny Rocker & The High Rollers than Madonna right now?
#caps. The legs are on fire.
Oh Phil, man. We are so old.
| We agree! Looks awesome!
And seriously...getting charged again to reconnect? Cable is such a bullshit racket
how did it go?
RT : It is time, I think, for a beer.
sweet. Nice ref; that will work quite well...!
This Just In::: Cigars are always welcomed to our patio. Fresh Cubanos on request.
OPENING NIGHT!
Great picture of the mummies! :)
that awkward moment when 's album has been playing on replay on my itunes for 1 hour and 45 min straight....... :D
He's probably not interested in you because he's too busy chasing someone who's not interested in him
way to tweet twice
i have no idea how to use it :( like.. none at all. idk if it even works bec when i open it nothing loads?!?!
Twitter for good - Target. What's your goal - Serve as info hub? Share a personal voice? Provide customer support?
#tie2011 feedback Is very important opening session.
Kambale: govts still maintain control of regulatory framework over media landscape ie Congo elections, sms service was cut off
shoutout to the world
Bobby Dale making it happen right now! Exciting news to come!
What are your weight loss goals? Are YOU committed to them?
Our new website is almost ready - July is going to be an active month
A. Kawasaki Ninja B. Honda Valkyrie C. Harley Davidson fat boy or D. Ducati Monster
Well folks, it's been real, and it's been fun, but I think the days of are done. Not the team, but at least this Twitter account
What a day I have had! Finally at my desk after completing a 5:30 conference call. Hope I can finally do some work!
Ultra Vires => Beyond the powers or legal authority
I hate it when you're trying not to cry In front of someone, but as soon as the ask you, "Are you okay?", you lose it.
2012 dates for Pasta for Puppies & Kitties posted! Support the animal group of your choice by dining with us on a Sunday!...
educating Debbie on how important is. making the stories on the newspapers and stuff is kinda a big deal!
Audit of federal reserve proposed resolution at #rpw2012 roll call vote called for by some over whether or not to include language that ...
I returneth to The Dark Tower - Dark Tower IV - Wizard & Glass by Stephen King
And now I'm a zombie.
They invented hugs to let people know you love them without saying anything. - Bil Keane
Last chance to tweet or DM me why you should win 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms at Newark Palace Theatre on 28th Jan. Support twinning
it is(: i will google some(:
I agree...LOL...they are either aliens or robots...Scott Walker acts like a robot on painkillers.
Ive spent so much time trying to fix your life that I forgot about mine ..
i want a do over of this work day.
and dont listen to what these negative ppl are saying thats just the enemy trying to keep you guys down.
Watching The Graduate and blowing off studying.
#3: Using a fake ID, FINE: $177
Yes. They. Do! But you most! RT : #2011in3words Food Trucks Rule!! :)
I used to get so many mentions, that i couldnt keep up with them! haha. i want that againN!
Congratulation 2011 certificate recipients! We enjoyed celebrating your accomplishments at today's ceremony!
My sister-in-law is telling me one of the guys who did "Teach me how to dougie" got shot and died today.
I can see you showing up wearing this when you adopt 18 cats. All named after imaginary royalty,in a van,down by the river.
"I like it organic...& my #socialmedia too...making 1 friend at a time"
Looks like its going to rain... Perfect.
wow, top notch food & service. A dining experience fit for a king, thanks!
Ehhh. OK. Liver gets a break tonight. Gonna eat a Bic Mac, sink in my bed and watch 'My Week with Marilyn' for 37th time till I pass out.
The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time. Friedrich Nietzsche (1844 - 1900)
All this means is LBJ Finna go off 2nd Half
Waking up with the same motivation I fell asleep with.
Clickbank Tutorials - BANS - EBay Store The Easy Way
Believe in life! Always human beings will live and progress to greater, broader and fuller life.
My beds still messed up and my clothes still smell like you.
Yesterday was fun tho
Gays weird me out just as much as the next guy but we are wasting time and money in government trying to prevent it.
The Blind Side is the new Marley and Me
Good morning:)
. And we all have SW names, so really, the story is just that we are a big geeky family. :D
start watching Prison Break on netflix, its a dominant show...trust me
I never knew what GPS stood for until now. the full 3 words was just a puzzle on Wheel Of Fortune
Oh My God!!! I KNOW RIGHT? he looks sexy with his skinny jeanss<3
Ah I'm going to wawa!
You missed an awesome show!!! Krit & Bun B performing together...Man!!!
ughh..i know! its like theres no need to hate on him..keep your comments to yourself! If my dad would just watch nsn (c)
Waving in the rain on Caroline and Madison was challenging. But we did it!
California Art Club Autry Museum Exhibit. Paintout Sun 4/22 - Free but must RSVP. Nice!
I know I shouldn't put gas in my car around 12 p.m. but damn it, I'm dangerous.
I miss Nathan. </3
going hard like bricks
ok sir
Uh oh Keith Frazier on the news.....?
Atlantic city, we comin
As I mean she is sexy... <3
ACM night at tomorrow, March 1st. , , and Oxford Town. Music starts at 10pm. $3. 21+
27 of 30 for and - more points possible with the team dance coming up later.
I'm preparing to participate in the WPWC 1480 AM radio Ward 5 Candidate interview. Tun in to hear the discussion.
Just ran into Mink Stole in the lobby of our Baltimore hotel.
Not a fan of spending my Saturday mornings doing expenses! Need help!
Just finished "Uprising" you will be quoted extensively in my thesis on the uprising.
": yes m'am" OK you better come by Nae misses you!
My boo is KILLING them at his hiphop class!
How in the bloody hell did that happen? :(
“Remember, the greatest gift is not found in a store nor under a tree, but in the hearts of true friends.”
People with #socialphobia become anxious in everyday social situations. They have an intense & chronic fear of being watched.
I can't help it, I'm a huge OFWGKTA fan.
Why does search in #iPhone email app suck so much? I have to use gmail app to search my email on iPhone.
oh damn i thought you were gonna say stocking inventory...no offense or anything
Mom wont put her feet down cause she saw a snake.
7lbs 14ounces... anotha stallion in my family. Congrats D love ya
That sounds pretty tranquil :) Um I'm just about to take a shower here in a few and relax afterwards. Boring..I know. :/
how bout a RT for a big fan on a bus w/Carmel marching band headed to NYC to play in Macy's Parade
Confidence is like lipgloss, all you have to do is put it on.
sure! Would love to take a look.
Yess its beautiful!:) I'll like it
“: LET'S HEAR DIS BS EXCUSE” cause you got my bitch number dawggg !
Yrs ago in the midst of NYC my little one handed me "peas+quiet" from her purse. If only we could hand it out like that!
Next time i go back to los angeles im going to take pics at staples center, dodgers stadium, usc & the rose bowl stadium...
hahaha yeah man blonde mullet swag
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. Wayne Gretzky Three classes tomorrow. 6 AM Adults, 9:30 AM Cheerleaders, and 6:30 PM Adults.
thank you!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> #loveyoutoo!
Not when there is no players or game around but to knock them behind the knees onto the floor is different.
#Tupac still sexy
RT : Life doesn't change, but people do. So learn to accept that not everybody is who you thought you knew..
#FF from sunny
Have to wait for my mom to get back from her thousands of errands before I can do anything.... Ughh :/
good night:)
should have been 7-3 sometimes you don't want to take calls from the 702 from #TheM you know what I mean?
LOL... It's just fatigue on the Lakers part... Where you been? RT : yeah right
Within anyone of a certain age who's ever been a Catholic lives an urge for fish on Fridays.
we look forward to welcoming you to stay.
Wow, Blown away! That was a while ago!
The DreamFace Team will be at the #stuctureconf VIP Reception and Dinner tonight. Looking forward to meeting the power behind the cloud.
What goals are you setting for yourself this week?
It's happy hour at Galactic Pizza, everyday 4-6 p.m. with $2 pints of beer and half price appetizers!
AT&T's "customer service" is managed by Satan.
Sausage and Peppers with my Homemade Marinara over pasta. serves 6, $20. delivered. 2 for $35. This Wed, 7/20..only 10 orders left people!!!
RT : Let's go spurs lets go
Kentucky having their way with Kansas right now. This is what I was afraid of. Not looking good for KU.
It's not fun being the one that cares more.
Behind on this one but what I'm hearing from the latest Grouplove CD I really....well...love.
The inventor of the mirror poisoned the human heart.
Social Media 101: Be yourself (via )
you are awesome!!!!
one of my aunts advised me to marry an old rich guy. She says I inherited that "skill" from a few of my great aunts.
I wonder if British people sit around trying to talk in an American accent? :O
You just know when you know
Book LL vs the defending champ who already survived KK vs AA AIPf? No bet!!!
#HappyMothersDay to everyone out there...
So I'll always have much more interesting stories and be portrayed by great actors and you'll be rebooted every 5 years?
As an Auburn fan, the season has 50% ended. Now I cheer for the SEC and anyone they have to beat to keep the crystal football in the SEC.
What we do is hard work, what they do is no fun.
Intro'ing yourself as ALA FUCKING Totebag in preso/intros to new peeps. No one outside of your little sphere gives a shit about you.
": 'Bathtub' spelled backwards is still 'bathtub'. It's not, but for a second there, you believed me." Lol almost tho...
Thanks for the mention, :) let us know if you need any help with #Vegas related stuff.
oh no!!! that's terrible! Are you sure it just doesn't need to be recharged?
Woulda been nice but Rangers don't need Fielder. Resign Josh, Nap, Kins and Cruz! Can't wait for...baseball?
lmao Cameron Diaz is so adorable
just in general I'm always tyrn to be all happy an nice to ppl that don't do ish for me
Automatic Data Processing Inc. (#ADP) Private-sector employment increased 119,000 in April, the lowest result since September.
Pumpkin carving ideas?
Your team is moving onto the next round. I said good job. Move on with your day.
Limited quantities of unique home furnishing and accents at MIYOHome’s SAMPLE SALE. Stop by today for your private tour.
Aww I always thought her big brother was sexy a hell
Anyone recommend a good Yoga spot in Chicago?
Listenin to this police scanner on my phone and all I hear is calls for #inkster its live as hell over there
RT listening to a good station on Is it the Barry Manilow channel? :)
Apparently I have officially gotten too old for the Easter bunny to bring me a basket.
nope, we're getting some girl lol ive never heard of her before
Vegas is right around the corner
you are too funny.
An ice cold beer from the fridge is enjoyed best after a shockingly busy day in the office.
Almost done! Rendering the final cut.
I will never leave a fallen comrade.
TASTE on Melrose is so fuckin tasty!
The Railroad Street tasting room has growlers of Nightfrost Porter again! Pick yours up before they're gone!
NFL #Draft hats are brutal!! Look like 80s Starter caps
F' it! r should I put my hair down how Peeta does it or should I spike it up how Josh does????
Add me on #drawsome. Username is Asj52.
I need that for my brain.
Love asos and market place !!xoxo
no problem, anytime. goodluck
I'll be back at the convention center in 15 min. Headed back from Intercontinental.
Very sad now
S|O to you mogs too!
you bet i'm around...furiously building...
What campus did you graduate from?
Older people do some of the funniest stuff like kicking stuff when there mad.
Magnet Creative Seminar next wknd in NYC; How Social Media is Making Your Work Cooler, Better & MORE Creative than Ever!
Well look who it is!
is there something specific we can do to make the process easier?
Was happy to see that my new yard didn't have much grass. Not much grass means not much mowing, right? Wrong! My lawn grows like weeds!
-Hey can't wait to see you in concert in the US. On March 3!
follow me Shealeigh ? pleasee i love you... :)
#CNN is reporting former NFL Linebacker Junior Seau dead at age 43.
happy birthday justin bieber
You know how we roll...we can't stay away from that cinnamon creme cake!
so Greene gets a pass because the offense didn't score more runs? Did I hear that right? If the score was 8-8 does he get a pass?
thanks boo! I won prince though ;D
Tomorrow is the day to close Wells Fargo accounts! Where can we find the divestment letter?
Agreed. Would depend of who attacks and how. I still consider Jones undefeated too. He was dominating Hamill before the DQ.
Monday! A great day to be in the service of God Almighty! Mission: Glorify God!.
cool just followed
SURF Report: (Pacific Beach) 3-4 ft + waist to shoulder high occ. 6 ft. POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
what kinda phone did you get?
Ha- yeah, but which kind of pie?
Looking forward to the Senior Show tonight! Open to the creative community tonight, 6–9pm.
#ComedyAwards better honor Patrice O'neal and give him some awards.
constraints are now understood. Will see you on Sunday.
Thanks for the follow SAXtreme Magazine (SAXtreme)! :)
26 miles on a bike + not being in shape = tired. I should walk to the liquor store.
Put up another drawing and for a friend too. :D I just love drawing and showing my artwork!
Quinn never got hurt! Whoa
Listening to "Crazy Clown Time" from David Lynch. To quote my wife, "It sounds like he discovered Fruity Loops and drank turpentine."
Thanks so much for the RTs & Hope your week is off to a great start!
Employing masculine superpower: ignore feelings until they go away. also drink.
Kill me. NOW!
Hov moving the Nets to the BK has heated. You mad, big guy?
Note to and all the rubes. NO ONE was ever going to build a stadium on a toxic dump in Arden Hills. Get over it.
I've always wanted to get in a can and yell "follow that car!!"
If you're at New Wave of Journalism conf, tweet to #spjreg11!
I love you too bebe (:
awww that's sweet and what she say
haha ok if you say so
Probably get more meaningful user feedback or a ratemyarchivist.com RT : Neat - what if there were a "Yelp" for archives?
RT : Bush HS basketball player Cameron Ridley is signing today with the University of Texas Longhorns.
I am forever indebted to family & friends who encouraged & loved, propped me up when needed & kicked me in the ass when called for.
Win Celebrity Apprentice!!!!
Welcome back #UCF #graduate students - first day of Summer A & C classes. Hope everyone enjoyed their break!
I just remembered that the #NBA is a thing. Had completely forgotten about that. Thanks Twitter.
Wow kid .. you try too hard ..
I need summer terr!!!!!!
Why is it that on days when I HAVE to be up early I can't get up, but on days when I don't have to be up by a particular time, I'm up at 1??
ONE DAY TIL MY LAST CRY!!! AH SO EXCITED
Stevie Wonder@ International Java Jazz Festival_ TONIGHT!!!!
Wedding Tip - Give your wedding rings, and your engagement ring, a fresh dip in ring-cleaning solution the night before the wedding so they
We love it too-thanks for the mention!
Check our website infinitymenu.com to find your answer
Spandex for cycling is awesome. It makes the ride much more comfortable.
See I knew that this is how you act, so typical Said you love me, oh, but now you flipping like reciprocals.
Not true Poetic.
I think I want to eat a combination pizza and drink beer with
I hope I can use one tomorrow on my broom handle.
she's going to be in big trouble when I get home if the driveway isn't shoveled.
Drinking a glass of cold water right when you wake up will speed up your metabolism :)
Selfish question--do you know if the video that UMComm shot of will be shown?
#FEDUP Comparing Annual Deficit w/DEBT like comparing Total Mortgage owed verses Annual Mortgage payments - SILLY - Apples & Oranges.
Thanks for all the #FF's!!!!!
What is your Facebook Landing Page URL? RT FB: Twelve Restuarant and Lounge
RT : Microsoft PR: Once you get to know them, the snark cometh. Great people.
Happy Friday, my little goats! Remember the only way to make a better entrance than wearing a backless dress is holding an HG Variety Pack!
"Only those who will risk going too far, can possibly find out how far one can go." -T.S. Elliot
what up cuz
The buses hate me lately...
Reading "The Rest is Noise." Found my music collection is lacking. Made a mad grab for CDs at library but my computer is so slow at ripping.
Man cut your flesh and stalk mother nature
#Dignityofwork Like the Christmas I spent packing gutted herring for shipment to Japan. Super dignified
listening to AkOn and david guetta 'SEXY BITCH'
Going to Palm Springs Pride? Hyatt Regency Suites Palm Springs offers buy one get on free on drinks at the bar with your Diversity Card!
Listening to watch Madmen and that Don Draper is an asshole. Why do people love him so?
Cummings will be on Saturday Morning with at 8:00 AM EST on the Secret Service Scandal. Tune in!
Amira's Bellydance 101 Belly Dancing Basics For Beginners
What's the deal with Hawkeye not having his friend requests approved? He's awesome!
Just used it today re: my daughter! RT You never hear "lambchop" as a term of endearment any more.
ok lets go so i can get my show up and running
My pleasure Carol! Hope you're doing well.
Borrowing to build #schools = crushing debt; borrowing to build weapons = an investment in our future. Dump the #Tea Party
Happy new year
What a beautiful day here in Nashville.... The sun is shinning perfectly.
Horrible officiating!!!!!!!
thank you so much for letting me play! it was awesome and I had a great time <3
Who's the more foolish... RT : Big news? Packers preseason schedule. Bigger news? I now have over 1,000 followers. Crazy.
don't mess with people in 's and my generation. We get grumpier as years go by ;)
so would it be the studio or your gf ?
Apropos of nothing, I'm really hoping at some point you have a project named 'Pot Committed'.
"ADD ME ON TWITTER " you're obviously new
See you sunday RT w hat r they.chanting?
Oops! The Leine's Big Eddy tapping is this Saturday NOT tomorrow like we said previously.
When generating scaffolds, you can indicate relationships, such as linking comments to posts.
cant stop eating
You've put #Wiz in our heads forever, now whenever he comes on at we ALL give you a shout out ===> BOOM!!!
Urban Masters 1 show Opens Saturday. Featuring some very special sticker art by Mark your calendars!
thank you
just spilled some pickle juice on my crotch. but luckily i changed boxers quickly before my d**k turned into a p**kle. (a d**kle.)
I get lonely too.
It's Cyber Week on Capitol Hill & is covering Congr. Lungren's 10 a.m. hearing on Iranian cyber threats to US.
Personally, I'd do that right off the bat. Before we even said a word to each other. That's just me.
Frank Mirr put work in tonight.
All my reading group who've liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a film
Awww yeah fun at the Luxor!
I have 2 projects to do. LLN like im gonna do them.
“ I hate when bitches on Sweet 16 act all surprised. Bitch you knew your spoiled, rich ass was getting a car.”
not anti-puma. Anti-orange period. Clemson, UF, Miami, Auburn, Texas, Illinois, Syracuse....
I am wondering why some people bother to wear earphones. Why not just use a boom box because it would be just as loud.
I never thought this day would come, so many emotions at the same time. Nana wouldn't want me to be sad. Wake's are so awkward, I'm so sad.
RT : Hey and any idea why 395-s is standstill? // cc
Without the loyalty between us, we are no better than the beasts dat try to ripe us apart.
I pledged a second time in honor of the WABE news team.
do it!! I love mine so far!! I'm just sick and out of it, and forget I have it! Haha. But it doesn't hurt at all! do it!!
don't ya hate when that happens?! #drunkbitch lol
my heart did a whole grinch-style 3x growth in joyful anticipation of your return.
oh baby, impress me? he does.
Excuse Me, is you saying something? Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothing
I can hear my mum breaking down. I don't think I can deal with this! :'(
R.I.P. Don Cornelius
you better come visit! :p now I can do the hand dance live lol... "the way I are"
Feeling is mutual Jon. Thanks for the #soslam love. RT : good folk fo sure
#tinafey looking hot on the
its ur birthday. u shouldn't be upset.
Early sleep, sleeping in tomorrow.
i requested a song and i picked that one and i was the first one to do that and the first to do shake it up theme song!!!!!!
iPads are the new entry point to Apple products, study says
Salute to the following: PLUR
They will certainly help me make my mind up..
Club Techno Sexual.
Sending good energy to all my friends in New York. Stay safe!
I Fall Off In The Club...And Holla Fuck A Bitch...And A Nigga Then...#CauseIGotMyPistol!!
Where Thomas racist ass?
RFT ! “: Who came up with the idea of school?”
Oh c'mon...you're that memorable. Don't sell yourself short.
lol I'm gonna try and stop being mean to you ..
excellent idea
I might end up going to SVA next year. I should start working on my portfolio.
OMG!! Lady Antebellum knows the words to my songs "Luke Bryan" and "Then and There"?? They were singing it backstage last night in FL!!!!
When did checking for ear hair become part of my daily regimen?
are you serious? Which location?
Saw a fast car today on IN 465: Once I would have wondered about the engine. Now I worry about its brakes. <sigh>
working trying to stay out of trouble. Just making sure you're doing the same!
hahahaha I was just making sure. Ill be there, just make sure you send me all the info b4 hand
I like to call those #whitepeopleproblems ;) Hope all is well Chew
I wanna go to Italy and Dubai and Greece next week!! Seriously, no more DC!!!
come visit me at goldsss
CAN YOU PLEASE BE MY FIRST FOLLOWER!!!! PLEASE
Loving my time here! It's only been 2 weeks as a senior transfer students and I am loving all my classes and professors!
MT : My Colleague, My Paymaster: The system, developed at Linden Lab, has been adopted by online review site Yelp..
If you were wondering I don't care if I have 1 or 1,000 at an event the impact is still the same. #getalife IJS
check out farmer's market on Figueroa near 6th
I just did a dance in my house..seriously. I'm so damn excited. I hope my twitter begging made this happen!
Perfectly imperfect
Ouch RT "NBA fines Delonte West $25,000 for 'wet willy" incident. Surprised West says LeBron's mom only charged $25."
Everybody add me on facebook Mike enasni schultz
Number one rule of dieting: If it tastes good, spit it out.
Pumps n a bump lmao
You really need to talk to me about this. I'm a fancy person when it comes to audio gear of any kind.
Looking forward to the family reunion in Houston this weekend!
I missed their spinach dip and mac salad. I know. Weird.
Omg i cant believe this ROCK beat that ass
I blinked and missed your broken foot--hope it mends soon and the itch wears off sooner!
Driving range session number 3 today: very average at best. My alignment is all jacked up. Gonna have to fix that.
Watching and on Bravo's Watch What Happens Next!
I'm bout to take a drive somewhere!.
This rain....
And if you look at clock at 7:11, it means your wish will come true! :O) : no! It means make a wish! RT “
Justin Turner!!
#YouCuteAndAllBut if you're still trying to impress your ex, I can't be your next.
Hella helicopters outside.
Riding in CicLAvia? Come by and say hello! We're open in both locations, 11AM-5PM today.
Facebook moves more & more towards the platform model with apps built on top of it RT : The breaking news this morning is that...
Drove to six flags like a thug with only having three hours of sleep ! Lmfaooo
I love when it's impossible 2 quit something based on repetition! Just think, ur giving all of those mugs a nice home ;)
^_^ would be awesome!!
rest in peace California, i'm here!
I'll leave the fame&fortune4guys at places like Kentucky...cause no one will ever question how I got what I got, why Im going where Im going
dude, I love it. I lived in STL CWE (06-09) and my Mom is a Domer. Go Irish, Yanks, Cards, SLU BIllikens!
listen to Berrian. Let's talk about football. When BF plays the game, give him some air.
I'm a work in progress
Office Olympics update: Team North Korea beat Team Argentina in a Chair Soccer shootout to play Team Canada today for 3rd place.
hm. Seems hard to believe.
Mark me down for that! I'll meet you there!
Ended up at work 4 hours early. Reading magazines and perhaps a nap before work LOL
I swear IGNORANT, INCOMPETENT, I KNOW IT ALL PEOPLE can be so nerve wrecking. You got so much mouth and ain't saying nothing.
Just nailed a seriously last second Audition request!! Cheers!! Claudia- Prison Guard at Alcatrez!!
WTF is SOPA? It's something that will censor all of your favorite websites, including YouTube and Twitter. RETWEET if you are against
Hey gang- Thursday night's event this year is going to be barhopping in the Virginia Highlands area of Atlanta
DC: on the campaign trail this morning. 10 days till the primary and G Day! Get out and vote! See you at the SE Tennis Center!
agreed your tweets make you look like a pansy. Get er boiiiiii
Tom Zenk would get arrested for selling roids in the parking lot.
so you admit you have it harry?lmaoooo
Is there anything better in this day & age than doing what you love and getting paid for it?
Spring Break
i just get shit faced and then mw3 seems like a decent game
Bieber For Grammy :D YES......<3
Condolences to D Rose. Torn ACL is about the worst injury in sports. Get well soon.
Why does Angry Birds Make Me so Angry
damn near had a stroke folkz lol
Air Max Should Washington area drivers hear more traffic safety ...
27 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
every day is a page in your story ...and you relive it when you think of the past ...and each day pages turn as if episodes are aired
If i lay here, if i just lay here would you lie w me & just forget the world
$5 Box Lunch Today: CURRY!
Newt Gingric is talking, but NO one is listening. Go back into hiding Pillsbury Doughboy.
Who's ready for Black Friday? I'll be at Best Buy, where will you be at?
1 MORE FOLLOWER TILL 600! FOLLOW ME NOW.
Hey girly how goes it?? :)
thx for the shout out. Curious about what your thinking about librarylab
RT : Delicious getting almost usable again! All tags visible, auto-complete on tags, toolbar "save" workflow functionality back on
im good at work chillin wyd
RAP BATTLE LETS GOO
Happy halloween!!
Thanks for the RT!
Pay-Per-View fights on TV and DreamGirls on stage! We're showing UFC 146 Saturday May 26!
THE NEW BIG THREE.....
Why do I need to find you I think to eat and ppl to beg for food
Preach. RT Dear Arnie Duncan. Keep teaching to the test. U will grow a generation and culture of inhumanity
I hate it when I try to remember something, so I keep on saying it over and over again on my mind, but I still end up forgetting
-- so happy finally chose a side and publicly stated that he supports gay marriage!
Smile: you can model it
Let's Go Pittsburgh Bullets
Its nice to see so many ppl on fb posting on my wall "feel better" <3 makes me feel loved.
#Oaxaca Relationships really count in disaster--really shows if we care abt people & can help them in time of need, so has huge blessing too
Happy #MothersDay to our treasured followers. You moms are amazing!
yup. shut y'all ass up
Are you an actor? What was the first project that you did? Share your experience.
i'm in it to win it!
Seymour girl: I remember when I was little and cheered kay gee:yeah I remember when I was a bitch. Oh wait still am love ya kay gee
I think they did that to themselves back in the 90's....lol
The Audacity of Soap
#Entrepreneur & #SmallBiz support programs --
The new smoke free commercials are scary
Is branding valuable to a professional service? Yes, it can be valuable, if the effort is made to develop -- and sustain -- a true brand.
It's Fried egg, fried egg.... Sunday comes after Saturday... like if you get it... Rebecca Black.
The biggest mistake a girl can make is thinking that the guy who broke her heart once won’t do it again.
If you could see the AMAZING shepherd's pie being created by Chef Steph you would be right now- it's crazy
thanks for the VIP silent auction donation for and #NYE party!
The toy is fun, safe, durable, and attractive.
As a former Catholic it makes sense, sadly.
At 7:40pm find out who has the mic next!
most people get justin to RT them by spamming ... womp
I am not a Human ;)
Social Media is about to have one of its biggest revolutions in history tonight. You might want to follow me to be a part of it :)
but is that 8-14 characters? And not any combination of letters of your last 15 passwords?
“ ispeak my mind if u dnt like it oh well”' Truth
does anyone out here work for an org that uses canvas, sakai, olat, or moodle for online course delivery or as a corporate lms?
I don't know who I love more, or Larry Sanders.
If you could go anywhere in Europe, where would it be?
Must admit: I don't know what a "Waterfall" is.
Good morning to all of you lovely people!!! What song do you wake up to? Right now, mine's You and I by Lady Gaga. : )
Idk why they call cowards pussy. Because my pussy is fucking wonderful and is not scare of no fucking dick.
really?! Must be the haircut sis! Lol
To Mothers who excel at raising great children....To Mothers barely hanging on and to the rest in between....I salute you
last out for Pedey
here's the deal - I held out for the Super Bowl last year and it was worth it. I feel Indy calling my name.
i'm flying to dallas on TUESDAY!! when do you get home?
Oooooooohh and Mikey dismisses Dino the minion He took out the flyswatter on your ass
Thanks. The blue on the print & poster images are fine. It's like my digital banner image has faded with age! Time for a new site.
I miss playing soccer Soo much /;
Me to! RT I. STILL. LOVE. DANCE.
Such a fabulous wedding weekend behind us and another ahead! Busy Busy at #SwankeyHQ :)
Student perspective of interdisciplinary sciences in action
hey are we still making shirts?!
how did you come to that realization??
While building the brand, support & nurture community. You need to focus on both - that's what makes
You gon learn today!
wish we lived closer, we'd be there!!!
Pretty certain he was kidding. But it would be kinda funny.
Obsessed with table scaping.
Having trouble getting the pump:/
is hoping all of our friends in Japan and the US coastal areas stay safe.
Do HBO early renewals still carry the same weight after the fig-leaf cancellation of Luck?
Whoa Whoa, when I went home and let you know, you were already at home as well. You were a no show.
You should be playing on the console, vs , in the Tecmo wasteland bowl.
fight, no, talk trash, absolutely... looks, i won't argue that, we're both handsome men!
I want the sun to go down already!
Great book, though I'm not sure I see the connection between Ada and economical writing... many would go for Speak, Memory.
All paths related to the sales cycle, technology, process, selling skills, lead to one final destination: the customer.
I don't follow eggs!
... School .. I'm so tired though:/
:D : So you'll get the paperback of "Official Book Club Selection" 6/1 & watch new Bravo special 6/8 & come c me in Vegas 6/10?
She said that he said he's sorry ...i said he got that rite
New Thermobalancing Therapy for BPH and Chronic Prostatitis Is Free from ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Career Opportunity for 2012! Product Manager: linkd.in/v0G7tt - SolarWinds - Austin, TX
21 jump street in theaters tomorrow! I really wanna go see it!
It's also on at Wolski's Tavern
Hey Old Town Chicago Friends, Join us on our Fan Page!!
Who all graduating with me Friday?
follow me love
I should clean my room and do some laundry.
Purple is my favorite colour
Anyone else think that #HARDCOREPAWN needs to be an hour long show?
it's sarcasm. I don't drink or do any drugs
Oh, yeah. It's Easter... um... I'm going to work.
wat up G
& B.o.B. collaboration is pretty sick.
Like any good cable channel.
haha great remix!
I got there at 5 originally but a cop made me leave lol
please draft DeCastro
hi, I resent my email. I hope you get it.
You dont have to be a superman, batman or iron man. Just be my man!
I say it to you all the time, I tell you it makes me upset AND YOU STILL FUCKING DO IT. So dont even
I feel like going to disneyland
SURE! Yolks? I live on the square so anything within walking distance is good for me!
QoTD: "Everyone has his burden. What counts is how you carry it." (Merle Miller)
Having more than one guy or trying to have more than one
Currently at 5 miles. Boom.
I'm working on this narrated pres for a class project.I'm damn near yelling into my laptop&the audio play back is still too quiet. Any tips?
Thanks. Ya, the Maharaja beer is pretty tastey!
So Cute<U+2665>
I don't blame you I mean a drunk girl with one sock did break into our dorm room
It is a sad and pathetic person who takes delight in ANY person getting hurt for ANY reason. Those joking about Rose's injury are classless.
Presently at EDC meeting 2 hear County Commissioner Dennis Moss speak on issues relating to Miami-Dade County.
1st of all darrayln tweeted me b4 u so shut up 2nd of all i havent tweeted my ism 3rdly i just tweeted yo ass
THE Becky Livers!!!!
Texas in lower 1/3 of states in kid's well-being, acc to National Kids Count Data Book released last week by Casey Foundation.
for your courage, integrity & honesty. Your truth is important and inspires those who can to follow. Gracias.
Follow the homuie on twitter!!!!
I might just be the only gringo in Puebla
If you don't speak up about what you want --- you'll never get it.
Like Alec Baldwin, I've gotten very good a raking leaves.
Having dinner w/#notacon medic team.
omg, so cool!! RT Remember tomorrow is the Revenge of the 5th!!!
Fire dept has arrived. Police are all wearing gloves and wiping down their shoes.
it was good I left when I did. I pulled a : as soon as I walked in the house
Wish you got on here more often Vladi... You've been missed :( my FAV SOCCER PLAYER IN THE WORLD!!!
20 days left of school, why am I being assigned a project !?
Can you pose with a headband and big sunglasses:)
Super Bowl Recipe Exchange - East European Recipes Today's Super Bowl recipe comes from Barbara Rolek, our Guide to Eastern European Food
Women so lonely now, they tryna breast feed they kids til they 9yrs old just to feel somebody suck on they titties! -_-
Did u leave me again???
shake your bodyy
A diet healthy is important for everyone but did you know that a specialized diet could improve your autistic child's symptoms?
that would be so s sry I would poop. I love you Boobear!!
Amem, Awemon and Apeople, to that! and thanks for following haven't spoke to a rabbi since I was in the Pride of Judea Orphanage.
I'd like to request David Bowie - "All the Young Dudes" Thanks!
Happy Birthday to the always entertaining
Learning about other organization's Content Strategy on today's webinar! Good stuff!
I wish they would have put Tebow in since the beginning of the season!
“: I remember when Laney 5s and white/silver 5s were on sale for 69$, nobody wanted them, watch people. Line up for 12 hrs now”yup
RT : Winter Storm Watch for Sunday: Ozaukee, Washington, Dodge, Jefferson and all counties further north.
Saw the sunrise for the first time in months.
yeah I remember you told me they were in theater 3d or something right?
Finally figured out that I know these poems and can stop clobbering them with intention.
Never had it. Should I try it? :p lol....what would you recommend?
3,700. Step your game up son!
Indeed it was.
“: acuity counts against teachers... that's why I click random answers then sleep. :)” haha mrs. Heldman... Sucks for her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
what?I gotta vent sometimes too. Lfmao. Thats rite though, sometimes u just gotta roll with these punches rather than against em
Off to two hours of Wushu class!
I got all new beats compliments of ya boi Izzy!! We Outta here!!! Studio soon show saturday
Happiest girl in the world right now :)
it has hints on the cover which show what the 1st book is about,
niggas wanna go back to like 08?
You're the reason I check my phone every 5 minutes, just to see if I have a new message.
So many prop bets, so little time. Go Rams.
It's definitely a BLAST! Tons of great people and a great after party as well!
I just jumped out of my seat celebrating the Yankees blowing a 7 run lead. This week has been a complete mind fuck.
I did.
Judging a person does not define who they are it defines who you are.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Best of luck on your continued tour.
Jean Craighead George, author of children's book classics including 'My Side of the Mountain' has died at 92
How is everyone?
man the boogie monster would be scared straight!
did ya hear the new one ? :)
wait lol i forgot i get no mentions on here.
After the Drake concert Thursday everyone goin to Fetish Houston for the after party ! Drinks on me tho !!!!!!
There are a LOT fewer rolls of microfilm of Conference minutes and newspaper issues for me to look at than I thought. This is very good.
you are correct, ask off for the 13th game is at 730 pm on the 12th
nariz :( you followed the October 1? to me the 2
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved. It is God's finger on man's shoulder.
I'm working with a #media spokesperson who can provide #power outage safety tips and advice about home
didn't look once I realized they weren't DVDs. Mighta bought them if they were - been working my way thru the series on Amazon
I don't know Arkansas AD Jeff Long but I have huge respect for him.
Knowing exactly what u want
It is well to give when asked, but it is better to give unasked, through understanding. -Kahlil Gibran
Goodmorning! :D finally up. . . Wait -_- its pretty damn early still lol.
Just reading some good stuff and get ready for tommorrows class... We be performing at the end of March. Enjoying down time.
Thanks for checking in!
Sad to miss these (to go to 's class) RT : Up later today at #sciencedenial conf from : and
It was good to see you too! Have a safe flight!
great testimony for the power of the cause. Can't wait till the next !
Hi Lara, I enjoyed your ABC article on gluten intolerance. Are you planning anything for Celiac Awareness Month in May?
Hey my photographer friends: Looking for a good proofing site? I'm in love with Best pricing and powerful coding.
What?? Whatever... 6 points
#Bonordstrom my little secret is almost gone. Best pants, period. Though, don't grow too big for your britches, he he, get it?
Comforter straight out of the dryer =
Dang! 'Dry clean only' top went thru the washer & dryer. It's so cute now. It could fit a child's doll.
Ay good look nothin but #success during the #PopHour !
Hope you had a great weekend! Tweet us and let us know what jazz artists you listened to.
Yay, know you will make it a great day! RT : I woke feeling great this morning
why can't i go to school this late every day
I know it does & I def. am, she'll kill me if I dont anyway lol but awh thxx!
Stop asking me stupid questions.
Frustrating. Extremely slow 3G speeds, and a recent bug with iOS 5.1 which splits up text messages that are > 80 characters.
I hate it when the barista puts Splenda instead of Sweet N Low in my iced coffee when I specifically asked for Sweet N Low.
myriad amounts of laundry
WE OUT HERE!!!
Kevin Jonas () is hosting the Do Something Awards tomorrow night.
will you be at Lebanon?
Come for some beers--if u have time. No buying. That is right--drove passed & saw your roof being done. Are they done? :)
The young ones don't know who they are, and they don't want kids, they want their good times. I've got no time for that :D
I'm so pumped to see my family! Mueller Christmas includes delicious food booze and dancing to Christmas music
omg I just watched a music video from that choppa city guy from making the band...shit was terrible.
And Liberty Elementary's Alita Walker will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow. Congratulations!
some days i blow like Marley / feel like 2pac / move like Kobe / jab at life like Ali / talk like Malcom but when i look @ me i c all imean
Ima Boombox kid a Stereo Teen. Music is in my blood and dance defines me.
haha, yea you would! French bread FTW! I'm from Sao Paulo :)
Last Night @ Estilo Was Really Packed The Line Was Around The Building!!! SHOUT OUT TO B.G ent & NICK TREY, D1, DJ DETON8 AND THE CREW!!!
That one guy in class that laughs at everything obnoxiously
Have you played Scene It on Xbox? Great family fun, and I love a video game where I can beat the kids.
I love coming back home from a trip.
im making deadlines for myself
That's awesome. Glad ur feeling well. Blessings on that baby! Please say hello to ur hubby...we'll be in Atl next weekend.
ayaujwhauabqiabqiagq we need to go :(
well i was flirting with the guy for 3 days straight.. and now he finally tells me he is gay!?
Happy Festivus everybody!
what we got to do to get my man back to florida! Best clinic man around!!!
Everybody's trying to make money now by telling other people how to make money. I was sad to see a fellow novelist taking that approach.
Let's remember the victims and families of those who lost their lives to the devastating tornadoes last year. I'll never forget 4/27/11.
Football...football...football! I like professional football. Grew up on the Green Bay Packers in the 60's. Watching all playoffs! Go Pack!
Students from Gompers Preparatory Academy are about to present to me the challenges they see in their neighborhoods.
Genji calling ... good M-THR sushi ...
On my way home.. Legs shaking!
pay no mind to those who start drama. The more upset it makes you the happier it makes them. Don't give them that pleasure
Steak & Shrimp on ma mind <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A4>
follow me please
Stay tuned 4 official summary of proceedings of 5th Annual #Transportation & #Infrastructure Convention coming soon!
i am so sick and tired of been sick -___-
we is good! we don't fight that much anymore :D
I hope there is no audit! RT : supposedly...LOL...but Ill defer to the bean counters on that one...
Q5 Is there a cheap way to make a spin machine (whatever it's called) w/ campus info instead of fruit & numbers?
Sending #love to my friends and collaborators this
Aw, thank you! :) There are all kinds of surprises on the internet if you look for them!
to top it off we can try and make Annabelle laugh :)
thanks for the RT and link love!
It's been 1 month, 10 days. When I saw these, you instantly went through my mind. Happy Mother's Day Grammy <3
#sharkweb Separate webinar subject area in divisible sections.
#IfItWasntForTwitter I would not be able to find such amazing people and have my message go viral. Make Child Sexual Abuse Grooming A Felony
I Love you.
I am. Go steelers !!!
#ghlive If I was there I so would.....LOL. I have a 6 pack of beer in my mini fridge now......LOL
Sitting in hotel in Winchester on business. Hotels are intersting. Good people watching. But too much time to think when on the road.
and since I declared I'd be booing him every time he walks up to the plate till he's sent down
construction starts ahead of schedule on NB I-69/116th st/SR37. Drivers brace for a summer of back ups and INDOT talks timeline at 5
I can't wait to see everyone at the show later! The Lily Pad. Cambridge, MA. 4pm. $10. & more!
Let's do it!
Gearing up for a tubular TBLMS w/ The Roaches, Protean Collective and Coffee Blue. Hear it @ noon
I LOVE these LONG campaign trips!!! What?? No, don't worry about running the country ... Joe has everything under control!!!
Merry Xmas to all! Ur support this past year has been amazing! To Jim Thorpe, The Legendary Dobbs, Dave & Buster's, TLA, WCL, Tin Angel, TY!
So what's gonna happen when Lebron stays in Cleveland and D-Wade stays in Miami
dueces everyone talk to you when i can peace
WORK AT HOME TIP: Keep your business active. Every action motivates you toward another action.
Enjoy!!! A very happy Valentine's Day to the entire crew.
#followfriday - If anyone doesn't know about , please check it out - amazing lectures by brilliant people.
haha, from a box still counts! Leftovers at the Tohi's is be *very* surprised
Ha not yet, had deicing issue! : ru betting it all on black yet, swinger? Hope flight was "so money, baby!"
I wore super girls shoes today and I hafta say I've never been so well treated... Girls who wear heals- is this why you do it?! Haha
I may not have run today, but I did delete the Dominos app off my phone.
Since my DVDs are packed... and #Avengers has me in the mood for some Joss Whedon . Time for Buffy on Netflix!
Sisters gonna be here from vegas in a bit. So excited to see her
The next Rhapsodomancy reading will be on Sun., Dec. 13th at 7pm. Meehan Rasch, Steve Abee, Diane Wright, & Susan Taylor Chehak will read.
Great work!
Happy Birthday to the one and only !
Lol i just caught myself doing #Zumba moves on the dance floor o_O
I've walked by six guys toking on public sidewalks
Sat night, Guy 2 seats down at #Ranger game was so drunk he was passed out before Ian's leadoff HR. Why even buy a ticket if that's ur plan?
just kidding... I misunderstood ur location! Thats it! Thanks :)
Just saw some one armed motorcyclists in chinatown....
Neil Patrick Harris :) RT : Regis is retiring. Who would you put in the chair next to Kelly?
I hope when oprah gets her exclusive with OJ she asks him why he was driving such a bootleg car like a bronco
Interested in Bonsai? The Indy Bonsai Club meets here on the 1st Wed of the month (7-9pm) w/demos, lectures & advice on the art of Bonsai!
Is it a coincidence that today is National Stalking Awareness Day and Mr. William Shatner is in town?
Crap! I think I have a cold
Love sought is good, but given unsought, is better. ~ Shakespeare
Thank you to everyone who came out to support Xpress Magazine Wednesday night! Love, the Xpress Staff
Days have names now. "Super Tuesday", "WTF Wednesday", and Thirsty Thursday". We don't mention Monday.
That last Tweet was for : Council President by day, Raccoon Hunter by night.
Dad completely ignored the nuts and almonds mom packed for the road and bought fritos and dip from the gas station. Win.
it's fine really. Don't feel bad
The first person you think about when you wake up is either the reason for your happiness or the reason you're hurt..
Finally had time to sit w/Hunger Games CD. Verdict? It's okay, not great. 5 great songs. The rest, as we say in NYC, "meh".
Are you ok?
You know you made a poor decision in roommate/tenant when you over hear them talking about their sister going to prison
great presentation! thnx for the pie charts & cookies!
Out pounding pavement on Music Row. Trying to pull a rabbit out of a hat or find a needle in a haystack. Whichever metaphor you prefer...
#TheMostCommonLies "Trust me, I will call you back, Give it time" - Statements from SEO companies once they have $ but can't deliver results
Good update on DuClaw. But your story does not contradict mine, which made it clear a deal could still happen.
Thank you Harold! Harold in Portland, OR answered someone's call for help!
teabagging all of the furniture
I'm ready for it to be next Sunday!!!!
I think ill just stand next to you!
Goodburger is on <U+E404>
D'awww. Old people putting "www." in front of their email addresses.
I think I missed this yesterday, but is there an unofficial/official game set for #ThrowbackWeekend2?
That awkward moment when you find cookie dough in your cookie
damn, bombass chicken tacos, half chicken and half salsa WEET SUM QUESO MAAAYNGEE
ima txt u when I get out
I hate going to Walmart becuz you go for one thing and come out with a basket full of ish!
#SApro Tweeters: Agree/Disagree? RT : i'm not sure that being radical actually does anything. System is constructed not to change.
Hello Everyone!!!!
But it is nice when ur little to do all the activities and such fun things...but being an adult having to fix the the shit up.bunny please!
Brent Morel coming to the plate to Simple Kind Of Man says a lot.
welp that's just the way the cookie crumble sometimes
Lost 20 minutes waiting in while cruising in LA traffic due to minor accident. PEOPLE, pull off the road to exchange info......
Where is this neighborhood in #TreeOfLife. Looks two blocks off of Main St. USA.
Take a bow. Very well done.
Sherrie - but again he tweeted acquisition and possession
Hey, Daddy'O!
Now following whats been good! How is AZ treating ya
Small Claims service $40.00 for the remainder of March 2011! Basic Service area only! Please Retweet! Thanks!
That is too bad, we are all about partaking in concessions, but working for the team sounds fun too :)
#LAgirlProblems RT : I look like a slut.
{shakes head wearily, refills his coffee mug} Weekends don't exist when you're trying to launch a product.
My dogs loved their big special walk today, it was sunny enough yesterday to burn me, finished my grades
haha yeah she is really good .:haha:) you really have a good choice:) we're the same I Love her too:)
yea that will be nice but they dont like c webb
drive to south dakota! And bring with you. see ya at 5am lok
Can't wait to see my lovies tonight!
I was trying to get my small feets in the picture. Duh. Asshole.
RT : She. Cute<U+2665>
tell your momma happy mothers day as well babes <3 :*
and he still stuck it in, scary
Excited to see what the are gonna do
Of course the colors look good lol
Happy Friday tweeps!!! Enjoy the sun!
Q2) Can be many things, I need to know this now, or I need to learn this on my time
Wowza. Just listened to the Bulls beat the Bucks on my shower radio in the living room with crappy reception. Good times.
just voted for you, you're awesome.
8 year old jeff fox jr just told me that wade dunk needs to be on worldstar ! Lol
Jamming some mayday parade on this drive to Muncie. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
better be in the gym
we had we bones last night too!
THE LIBRARY OBVIOUSLY
yes it is the problem ia that its due tomorrow amd I havent started my outline just gathered ATON of info
So trueRT : The moment you start caring about what other people think, is the moment you stop being yourself.
at jake's
Better eating has really put me in tune with my body.Translation, I falter for a few days, and my body quickly reminds why dairy is so evil.
i love that tweet honey B
' me too
Friday the 13th(:
back at you! SIBC
Bang bang bang!
Go from making useful stuff to making stuff useful.
I just hacked into my best friends twitter account.... She is gonna kill me for doing that! *Runs and hides*
Well, that completely sucks.
Gotta eat lunch in class
Im so hot
Feels like Friday! I'm home with a furlough day today & I was out late last night. You're right. Darn! What a surprise.
Top 3 Cody songs in no particular order... So Listen, Angel & On My Mind! Disclaimer is that it changes daily!
as long as she can stay in the so called "circle"
You give me strength to beat the odds, And overcome my fears, You make me feel like I belong under the sun
I know. Its sad dude. No time...
better analogy, plus a little bitchy, I love it
so many have gone without they are not just dying but injuries left untreated have made so many incapabale of physical labor
skools almost over, hungry like always, come on bell ring!!!!!
thanks dude I'm gonna go get one
Ok well that's debatable
Dr Hoffer apparently stole my idea, and think its funny, that's not funny!!
no!!!! What?! So jealous.
Well, keep your head up :)
Ignorant bitches screaming outside my window....take y'all simple asses home...the party over
Ugh, hate you mom -__-
oh is always here. Except for the time he fell asleep in the couch.
In my fridge is a craft beer called 'Bitter Woman From Hell' (Not mine. I don't drink. Yeah, shut up)
Perhaps Coco Channel a better choice. RT Can't say I've been impressed with Karl Lagerfeld in goal for Canada this year.
That's what I tell first-years! "Embrace entropy." I also break rules. I.e. I procrastinate.
Good luck to Lenore and Li today at #acrl2011 (or is it #acrl11?). I'll be here at work following the tweets.
RT : Bummed about missing #12NTC, but too many projects finaling right now to get away. can assure you we feel that.
Deciding what you want online: Have a reason to share, understand how context matters, & NMI-not my info-is new TMI
or further evidence that oberlin nerds remain oberlin nerds no matter the coast.
young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards. ~Anatole France
I wish I was born in the 20-30s. =]
“Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.”
For a quick and easy dinner call my friends
You can email us for a bulk order or meet us for lunch at KPTV in Beaverton Thursday, April 12th!
I find myself really liking both and #TheAvengers, so I guess I have to leave Twitter now.
Just tapped Pike Kilt Lifter Scotch Ale.
that's good. School is going great. :-)
Good morning good afternoon to some hope my tweephearts have a good day:) xo s
So are we. will be there. Keep an eye out for his booth. Wld love 2 meet you. RT : I'm excited for the rainbow festival
OMG WERE SO AMAZING IN CONCERT OMG. MY INNER MEXICAN CAME OUT. DALLAS TE AMA! x
Don't you just hate stuck up people.. get out of your own A#8S! Xx
man I just feel like she may be on her last leg.. lol shes seen better days. She lived a great life
"Every child deserves to fly"--great example of positive reframing for a balloon release! Thank you Mayfield!
I am so glad you read it.
Tell someone about us!
“: setting up a tequila shot for my teammate who broke her pinky playing sand #happycincodemayo”
Vacation ownership resilient in tough economy: Vacation ownership products have enjoyed very healthy occupancy rates compared to othe...
Also: "I would have to look that up on the internet. Are you online right now?"
picking up a mystery package at the ups cust center. funny, I didn't order anything.
Sunday blues setting in.
ASK ME SOMETHING! ANYTHING :)
Report from : the Webster women's clothes are cute; Lilly Pulitzer-ish. got a dress & shirt!
If you feel like sharing, who are you on there?
Don't like that my kiddos are stuck in DC now with the sitter (at least she is awesome!)
I bet you are RT : I am about to DEMOLISH this Freda's
ding! Ding! Ding! We have a winner!
Five or so police cars or ambulances (ambulanci, as I like to call them) just passed my house. Who wrecked shit up?
thanks Mitchell, speak soon
Every time I wash my car, it rains. Got a drought? Just give my a hose and a sponge.
Thanks for spreading the word.
Ok, my gym can take down the "Missing Member" picture of me. I'm back.
The first tweet was sent 6 years ago by founder Jack Dorsey. It said "just setting up my twttr". #HappyBirthdayTwitter ! TY 4 everything!
ill take one!
I LOVE MY SIS.
It has to be Peppy. Congrats, Erik!
Arlington Calendar May 3 - Virginia Connection Newspapers
Almost died in the ocean trying to save raft.
Hey all you ladies (and supportive men) check out ! is only 11 months away!
Do you think a deal today is possible?
Thanks for helping to spread the word about the interview :)
Field trip with one child tomorrow. Paper due. One Skype call. Can we add a few more hours to the day? Boy, that would help.
Excellent interview.
On another note, I am so sad and jealous STILL for all those who participated in the #311cruise. The pictures are all so cool!
If ya know what I mean!
I wanna play in the puddles...
aye are you guys going to the party?(;
Huntsman: We've been hit twice: once on 9/11, and again on economic crisis
Advanced placement geometry. DAMN I'm not smart lol
Happy 448th Birthday to the man that group LFO had to audacity to call "Billy": William Shakespeare!
Ick! Let that heal! Sorry to hear that!
1 more minute of work...
excellent pick! Didn't even think of that!
No, thank goodness!
survey USA polls are horrible in terms of accuracy
good job I'm proud of you.
Dinner, Happy hour,Dessert, Wine Cocktail, Music, Dance Book your table !!
he's coming back in town for the weekend though. hey~
Just finished wk3, day 1 of C25K, better than I thought and feeling great!
If Chase bank is here on Earth...who is running hell. You greedy fucking swine, douche cocks.
Who wrote that
Thank you for the s/o!
get in :) excited to see your shexy fashe xx
when guys kiss my forehead >>
I miss you <U+2665><U+2665> You guys should come back to Florida soon!!! :)
what's up
Tnx for the RTs follows and mentions
Good morning #ilvolovers it's Friday yeahh have a wonderful weekend I love you all team be safe ..
Don't miss our LIVE workshops today, and Saturday, on the I-CHING with Stephen Karcher! Check our websites for details: prs.org and uprs.edu
#Question Who is your favorite Yankee?
Afghanistan is one thing, but it's not just neocons that support the endless-by-definition GWOT, unfortunately.
go to go and get ready for my concert tonight :)
It is a delightful composition. My pleasure!
I stood there and thought "of course".
DO YOU HAVE A GF?
ok babe
Clients that outsource business processing functions, are expected to reduce cost, improve efficiency, productivity and profitability.
i think it's important to instill confidence to community that Council is wanting city leadership 2 work together.
I am learning more each day that necessity is indeed the mother of invention, or in my case, self-determination and discipline.
'My new boots are hurting my feet! Saddest day ever!'
I Keep That...#TreFiveSeven!!
hello, #blondie! a few hours in the sun and I'm already getting a shade lighter. bring on the spring!!
Today's NYT crossword was a real snow job.
glad to hear it bro
Arrived just in time to catch fight at NHL Kings vs Calgary game.
When does frequent tweeting = too much tweeting?
Just kidding, its still there :/
Thanks HB! Happy Friday to ya!
where are we looking?
Thanks for keeping me in Cabo an xtra hour on runway in hot plane & no drink service except for stewardesses & 1st class
Weekend in the Dells. Because my mini golf game needs work.
The bird is the word
I've got last year's final four Butler shirt on........ready for some hoops.
Let pole dancing into the Olympics
Opening day with my sissy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Slumber not in the tents of your fathers! The world is advancing. Advance with it! Mazzini
OMG! Please ignore the DM. It was definitely spam. I was hacked. :( I tried to DM you but Twitter won't let me. Sorry!
Practice does not make perfect; perfect practice makes perfect.
I am now out of Burleson Hall until fall semester. I sent out poems as my last happy thing to do. Find me in Gilbreath Hall on campus.
come home please?
Holiday traditions #rwtastingcrew wants to bring back: gather family for holiday TV shows, anticipation, leave cookies out for Santa...
How many people from your team (if any) are at #CES this week? What other trade shows do you have plans for this year?
RT if when you become famous the first celebs you wanna meet are follow me i follow bakk
Mike Deehan 2012 Content Strategy: Get Off My Lawn.
well-said dibs...
New article on The Communications Blog by Interviews with #employeecomms experts on #changemanagement - wp.me/pZXZB-3l
Does the therapeutic benefit apply to the bystanders who are laughing their heads off at the spectacle?! ;)
socially they are very homogenous. Also for the first 2 weeks I didn't see any homeless people. That was weird to me.
I would pay money for a t-shirt that said this. RT : Ball So Hardy.
omg no haha i left all late today & she was still asleep. Shoot i dont even kno what time galindo left on the morning
What did you do over the #weekend? Any photos to share with us at #Dosha? Send us some pics of your weekend adventure!
Geaux Tiders! Here we go again! Still time to get here before kickoff!
no they're not! You sound good!
hey Dave follow back please (: and do you remember me ?
Thanks for the tip! Will be trying that during tomorrow's adventures in doin' up a few inches of hair.
People that go to sleep late wake up late and show up late. Never fails.
i don't understand how people just let their phone die.. if mine is about to die i don't care where i am, i charge that mf
wants to thank MLK Jr for postponing the start of my Speech class another couple of days :)
Good morning friends!
Quote of the Day "There are two ways of exerting one's strength: one is pushing down, the other is pulling up." – Booker T. Washington
Attention Spring Break Staycationers! We have a special just for you. If you book online for a Mani+Pedi for Wed, Thurs or Fri of this week,
Finally made it to Hattiesburg, MS!
"You do the arithmetic,we'll do the language arts. Ya'll stand against the wall blind folded, we throw the darts" ... are you an Outkast?
it could be 'I whip my hair back and forth!
One person's craziness is another person's reality.
if u nd ur "gf" got sumthn to say about my sis ' dnt put it on twitter say it to her face !!! POINT BLANK PERIOD.
b/c my teacher gave me a C . Lmao I sound crazy but forreal I worked hard this quarter .
Ah been a weird week. It's had its ups and its downs.
If we put pictures of lost kids on beer cans instead of milk cartons, we'd find them in about 15 minutes
that's right!
“: I'm lookin for a yella bone long hair star...”me to lol jk jk
Seats in collegiate seminar rooms: still uncomfortable after all these years.
black&tan
I traded in a bunch of Xbox games I don't use to Gamestop and was able to get a Whopping $67 on my Gamestop card.
OFFICIAL OWNER OF THE PONY "THUNDER FROM DOWN UNDER" thanks mom, dad, and dan for the birthday present! love you guys (:
A photo of Minneapolis mayor R.T. Rybak crowd-surfing at a Trampled by Turtles show is evidence that the band is officially over.
thanks for the #FF !
Totally stumped by a word in draw something "zacefron" I stared at it for 2 mins before I googled and figured out it was "Zac Efron"
Some more good things about almonds-lower cholesterol,lower risk for heart attacks and cancer and give 46% of daily requirement for fiber.
there is nothing some Harry Potter can't fix!
hahaha... that there's tour life ingenuity! What CAN'T be fixed with a little gaff tape really?
I need a laptop so I can work outside in the lovely weather!!
Found the notes for my Business Ethics class that happened to contain what would be on the final!
Help a WI startup out w/chance to win $2500 funding RT : The vote is on for please txt CODE: C107 to number 22333
To be good at getting in trouble, u got to be better at getting out of it. Don't try this at home, errybody aint able...Be encouraged
#itsCrazyHow one song can change your day
wow, the free class yesterday was awesome. thanks so much to all of you new students who came out to play with us! we had so much fun!!!
bettylou loves u.
Very interesting! Thanks for sharing!
I placed myself at that top, although I tend to wobble.. im still here!
I LOVE when inspiration strikes. Just finished making four button magnets, three hair accessories, and six rings!
Went to get my shot without my mum.!(: #proud.!
Thank G-d for - we think she's going to #singit and #bringit tonight! Come to to watch and vote!
Homemade wraps never go as planned...
Involve Managers to make a post daily! Love it!
Ideas/needs brainstorm: Taxonomy session, outreach to info professionals, content strategy session, panels and skillshares.
well, it was the landmark, so the occasion was rare, but worth it
Since I left home I gained 3% battery life.
What does #Africa Reclaiming Africa mean to you?
We feeling like the Giants taking the SB again
And perhaps it's not about content at all (ubiquitous) but seeks to make learners' integrative, meaning-making processes visible.
ALL TEENS!! TONIGHT IT GOES DOWN AT CLUB FUEGO FOR THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN S.A!!! LINE STARTS AT 6PM, DOORS OPEN AT 7PM!!
RT : Rt ": RT if you remember winding a tape cassette with the cap of your pen. #flashback"
Change your routine, change your body. Mark has noticed that in order to see more results, he needs to change his...
sounds like some 1 had 1 of those GOOD FUKKED UP NIGHTs
thanks for the follow. The team will see you again in November for the beginning of the #MISL season.
About to check out some more Local HipHop in Seattle.....
looks amazing..
The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you - Elbert Hubbard!.
RT : RT : Q3) How should brands prioritize Twitter compared to other social platforms?
I always thought of Rupaul as a super-fierce freedom fighter.
They were birthed in the same cauldron?
If I can get the current script I'm working up to snuff I will definately try the Nicholl...
Go, Maryland!
I dont like being cold wen im high
earl needs to go to sleep lol
Whoa I Love Elite Model Management New York new exhibit of supermodel comp cards from the '80's! Have you seen it?
Happy Birthday to my man ...
SHE LYIN. was not in any her I classes.
can't wait to see how much work you put in on that flight. See you in NY
Yes! but my ipods dead,:(
: Will you be able to spend time with family and friends later?
#tomyunbornchild Hay, how's it going up there?
This girl told me she can see my pussy and nipples, df she looking hard af
Efficiency is doing things right. Effectiveness is doing the right thing. Zig Ziglar
If only you saw what i can see, you'd understand why i want you so desparately
It has been all the hits of the 70s, 80s, and today stuck in my head this week. #nowplaying "Careless Whisper" by George Michael
So that's ur opinion
u watching standard def and the're in high def?
Let me know if you will be back in CA in early Feb. or shall we try to meet in NYC beforehand!
“I very seldom end up where I wanted to go, but almost always end up where I need to be.”
Yo, when are you visiting the ATX?
If Jesus came back to Earth I think hed be into the Scissor Sisters.
Forecast for Today: Low clouds and fog in the morning then partly cloudy. Highs 63 to 68 near the coast to 69 to 74...
Ignorant as fuck but I swear I won't change up
Finally done with last fantasy BB draft. I stopped posting fantasy advice - didn't want to tip my hand LOL. Answering fantasy questions now.
I want to sleep
follow following u follow?
Also note: I wasn't necessarily going for the most rare records or anything, just was fun trying to figure out how to put it all together.
Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
Any updates on a new basketball arena?
texting you now sweetness
solid thus far. different. I dig.
wow just wow ha
Stay up RT : I really can't keep my eyes open much longer
Awh you rule!!! thank you so much!(:
It is raining hard in Boston...
Hey & When Ackley comes up, what corresponding move do you see happening?
I have been saying AWAKE belongs on cable. It would be a great lead-in for SOUTHLAND. Let's make THAT happen!
“: working smart not hard!!! #imajew” funny I'm Cuban and I was raised with that phrase too, I must be "jewban"!
I find myself oddly & genuinely excited for the final section of my EMT training: Trauma. Looking forward to class tonight.
Tylenol foe breakfast...
they say everything happens for a reason & people change like the season, then grow apart.
Hey Wou, Everyone says my music sounds like Cudi's instrumentals mixed with Ratatat. If you have time I would love a listen!! -Con
So, the CIF State champs will be either Mater Dei or De La Salle. Can Poly alums just secede now?
hahaha you're such a goof.. Love it hope you had a wonderful dinner with your friends!
lol @ B releasing handwritten letters to EVERYONE RT : New on Vixen » Beyoncé Pens Mother’s Day Message to Tina Knowles...
RT Does anyone read Alternative Press Magazine or are you interested to read it? just wondering.
Look "smart" in a Project Vote Smart Tee-Shirt. Tell us why/how you #votesmart for a chance to win one.
your website looks great Joe - congrats!
I thought that was a weirs candy dish LOL Jk
Dispell: Veterans are not ticking time bombs.
They just did.
Dale brought that from Milwaukee - ": #Cubs defensive positioning has been outstanding all season #SilverLinings"
Follow her she follows bak!
Happy birthday!!
I'm a clapper, I know like front hand clap, backhand clap, golf clap and the loud clap
Just walked into my new home, time to unpack and settle in :)
u can follow my dig on twitter
this site is budget!
"both of those girls have blackberries." "they must work in finance." "Canadian finance?"
lmao as long as I go out with a bang
Hello follow me!!!!
"Quit tryna be somebody, be yourself." -
Wow, just saw the 3.5 min Cartier commercial during CBS Sunday Morning broadcast, beautifully done but what was the goal?
Sweet! I will!
Frank Sinatra plays on tonight. Im in the right place New York New York
Turn all the lights off & pull the shades down, unplug the telephone. Don't answer the doorbell, no interruptions, lets spend tonight alone.
dude that's why you buy bow ties that are already done and just need to be clipped on by a little hook!
If they want to see it let it ride. Hope you're ok, thanks for the care package. Got your signature deck in the press next week.
My TL just got live! Happy Hump Day!
Ladies if u want to guy tell them you want your cake and pie at the same damn time at the same damn time! Statingthefacts!
about to present on #agile methods @ nashdrupal
My hyperness is contagious
I want a warm piece of cake. I don't want to make a whole cake. Who sells hot cake? Or must I microwave?
Happy Hump Day! Thanks for the follow
It's been a long week, folks. #FF with Saturday.
PSP is near extinction and #piracy has done a number on the PSP and the ability of any company to make a profit on games.
Need to find a new job. Asap
School Finance and School Law were my 2 favorite grad courses!
I always cry watching Extreme Makeover: Home Edition.
BREAKING: checking reports of a body found along SW Naito Parkway near the Steel Bridge
Well played, Lane. Well played.
that is cute!
Happy to be back in Carmel! Spending the day tomorrow going through a new collection in the archives.
Who are the best coffee PPL in MD that can provide a fully automated machine?
Wild punches don't win fights
i wud agree with that, this is a big game for the #patriots RT : the #patriots needed the most i think
.Starbucks, do you hear this? RT : OMG...you do NEED those coupons :P RT : I'm drinking instant Folgers
I shouldv'e said the 2 magical words "It's over" along time ago..
That's cats for you.
Gerald is on his way to the Wineries Unlimited Trade Show, Discounts on ALL floor displays so bring your truck! Tell him Cathy sent you!
#Android perhaps?
Week of torn ACLs i guess
So Tweet me maybe
please provide your gamertag, then we will see who contributes more
We are ALMOST ready to launch our new website. The look is the same. The blog is the key ingredient. Blog posts and new information focus!
Ew at all the ghetto douches who keep checking me out.
Ron Paul calls Santorum overly-sensitive!
Ron Burgundy announced their will be an Anchor Man 2! amen
I sleep all day and party all night.
Last night them westsiders couldn't help but be swagged on :)
Get over to The Drake! We're starting the night off with Patron! 1902 Washington Ave, 77007.
not last weekend
you big baby :)
There r only 2 ways u can enjoy hearing some1 say "baby" this much @ the poker table... And Im not listenin 2 Justin Bieber
I think I'm going to have to use that one, too. Brilliant.
why do you have to delete your twitter, specifically? hope all ok
Alisha asked me why I gave her a dirty look/told her to leave me alone in 1st period. ha ider that.. i'm a straight up bitch in the morning.
Talent is the only competitive advantage that can’t be bought or copied.
ONE people follow me please.. Go3xx Just 1 people.. Swag im checking.. :)
At work... Let's see what excitement the night brings..
Who knew pineapple and chocolate tasted so good together <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Working on a portrait commission and trying to figure out what I want to show at DCAC's Wall Mountables Exhibit this year...
Not in the last week - ask again in a few months ;)
What is the hardest workout you have ever done?
RT : Kiyoshi Kuromiya, queer activist born in Japanese confinement camp, also inv. in black freedom struggle (civil rights & BPP)
Oh, you've been single? Let me change that!
RT It would be amazing 2 meet #LetsMove can help Hispanic families & inspiring others
The Internet is all about connecting people. Match.com when you need a date, Ancestry.com when you need a loan
Just received a call that the government is going to give me $8,000 FREE! And I never have to pay it back.....Rigggghhhhttttt.
Have an idea and could use your wizardry help. May be easier to explain in person/ on phone.
RT : How many won a fantasy title bc of #Packers qb Matt Flynn?
More Libraries linking Reference Universe to EBSCO's Discovery Service
Coffee Happy Hour til 5pm! Double espressos for $1
I'm team #PhiPhiOhara #dragrace #PhiPhiOhara for the next drag superstar
"How dare you save my wife?!?"
Occupy Boston: More Than 100 Protesters Popped By Police (PHOTOS x VIDEO) Summary: Just last night, more than 100 protesters from the O
UFC fight with my dad tonight! :)
armchair scientists
wow wow smoothie!
Your pics are incredible :)
Anyone else interested in one of the largest pillow fights ever?
I'm in Lex tonight
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE :D <U+2665><U+2665>
that my mom and dad were actually named "mom" and "dad"..
Anyone having probs w/unexplained bursts of high data usage on AT&T iPhone? Happens to me even when I think I'm on WiFi.
Beasting on the riesling at the hotel bar... strangely enough, it is not making me feel like a badass.
Enforcing "screen time" limits all spring break - my creative ideas winding down -now he is making garlic bread for our dinner and outside!
Another Wave goal, scored by Jonathan Greenfield, assisted by Terminesi. It's 11-2 with 6:12 left.
the crooked E is Dell.
TIO (Tweet it On) and RT --- FREE CARL LEE !! FREE CARL LEE !! FREE CARL LEE !! FREE CARL LEE !! ---- CAMPAIGN in the USA.
RT : A4. See your job as owning your own biz and your employer is your most important client. Then ask how can you help.
Very interesting. Jailed US Contractor Alan Gross used his one phonecall a week from Cuba to call Andrea Mitchell to plead for help.
thanks for the follow
Jake T. Austin
yeah it should cause
A raise, 5 more weeks of vacation, 4-day weeks, a puppy, maybe even a window that opens ;)
What cities do you want to see us tour this summer?
I've said a few times "Even if I played #blackjack high I'd still play well." While I'm going to test the theory, it has me wonering...
Taco Tuesday
learned about coffee -watch from that is pretty slick
people who tweet a bunch of random shit just so they have a lot of tweets<<<
Hahaha. Paul would pee his pants scary?
I'll often people on conf. backchannels so that fewer of my tweets show up in my non-conf. followers' feeds.
: HR 2366, Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act, for #deficit and personal liberty. Please support!
I am going to film tomarrow! I finally got my laptop fixed and picked up from the
You're thinking: I know, I'll fix this with an XML configuration file! Now you have two problems.
Ministers are so wonderful. Celebrated the Eucharist with Dad and his three daughters at the hospital. Feeling thankful.
Winning OT !
Slapping would have been too kind...lmao i sound like such a bitch sorry XD
“: When people stare at my boot :( <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> Have you never seen a broken foot before?” Sorry It's just too cutee
Yes, you CAN get rewarded for drinking beer. Snag the app and check-in this at our place to score rewards!
Sounds like we could all use a few drinks.
I have to go! I'll txt you later! Bye! ((:
Thanks! The interface was super easy and fun to use. The hard part was getting the data from our CRM. Lots of steps.
Who's going to spring training?
Wicked migraine
Rondo, Rondo, Rondo.....triple, double...
Thanks to all the men and women who currently serve or have served and their families for making the sacrifices it takes to do what you do!
Design an extraordinary life --yourlife --as a life full of possibility. Gain a new level of power and effectiveness in what you care about
nope not yet, but I'd be happy to take a look
#oomf is the most random non random person ever....
That's great, healing fast!
8GB is not enough space for my music
Glorious labor. Yes. Idk why you sent me that link. he's signed to a shitty label. yes. LASERS saved my life.
Damn it the 26 inch EVO monitor with component I ordered from Amazon was a listing error. Bastards.
is gina is here?
Great to meet you and the crew ! luv the new digs, can't wait to get blogging using - cheers.
that's fantastic, I'm planning on a big trip saturday to the market! See you there.
have her call ftd - she might get free flowers. My mom's done that 2x with 1-800-flowers when bouquets arrived wilted.
I just put a letter for you in the mail!!!
Holy crap! Just found the amazingness that is the "reminders" on 4s. I can now (continue) to lose my memory! Thanks, Siri.
#PeopleThatAngerMe #Haters RT if you cant stand #haters !!
“: snow levels dropped to 7000 ft. overnight. snowing hard over Donner summit. big snow on the way tonight!” hm tempting.
Wondering what life is like in Green Bay?
Everything I've ever done, everything I ever do, every place I've ever been, everywhere I'm going to... It's a sin.
I aint dumb!
i'm loving smyly right now. this kid is destroying the yanks.
The nice firemem and firewomen tell me no one was hurt. I'm moving this weekend. Must be a sign
Mitt? No Rick. Mitt? No Rick. Mitt? No Rick. Mitt? No Rick. Mitt? No Rick. Mitt? No Rick. Rick? Newt who?
You forgot to mention re: mobile payments. They are the best IMHO. cc
The storm is headed our way too. Time to charge up and turn off my electronics! Stay safe.
Thanks! I've heard that more than once :)
obviiii! Wednesday was great!! :) let me know when you're coming back!
Congratulations to Team USA...a magnificent victory!!
We scare because we care :)
Are you #JustRead-ing anything this week?
This weekend will get her PhD and astronomers predict a Supermoon. The Maya were so close on this one! They got the year right
lmfao yeah possibly. so weird.
actually, pretty sure that I DO...the numbers donT lie abt who is not watchG #Girls: Michelle Obama, most decent ppl!
can't wait see you! It's been too long!
I think the little sanity I retain can be properly attributed to , , , and I *think*.
RETWEET: if you hate WHINEY ASS people!!!!
Need #Promo Models #Huntsville #Columbus #Augusta #Centerville #Valdosta Message me for Info
yoo hoe ! did u already forget bout me ?
Hanging out till work.....catching up on #BB13 doing some laundry...yay
Angelina's step brother is home tonight yelling at the TV "I hit that"
Of course, I do the same thing. I always think "Man! I'm glad I'm already sitting in the dark in silence!"
please tell me I didn't just text some random person
Blind faith is an ironic gift to return to the Creator of human intelligence
djdjdjdev we gotta get 3tards out to Denver!
Something with .pho.to in the URL...wrote it down I think or saved it... I'm not so easily impressed but they love it.
i swear if i could remember all my punchlines when im freestyling ill be the coldest rapper.#TRUTH!!!!
So he's only 2 years and 363 days older then me. I think.(:
Ook good night
that in Croatia?
Hey, there is nothing bad abt getting an escort to ur car. Takes more guts than walking alone.
FYI!!! Karaoke in Bellevue is Cancled Tomorrow the 9th due to a private party! Sorry for the inconvienence!
“: "I will not go back to the days when health insurance companies had unchecked power to cancel your policy."” respect
“: I love it! You are so talented.” much appreciated! I'll keep pushin out the work
Rough night in multiple ways. Trying to gear up to be Sunshine, Light, and Love.
I'm sorry... I don't associate with people from Michigan.
boo Lakers! go Spurs!
wait, jadakiss has hair?!?!?!?
Perfect weather to #skateboard word up
#BREAKINGNEWS - A press conference about the Woodburn H.S. fire will be held at 11:45. We will be covering it live.
speaking in support of
Jill it's so f'in scary. It has weapons :) I impressed my self this time.
Follow my company
Thanks...cool photo Nick!
We have Empanadas for lunch today! Chicken or Cheese! Served with a side salad topped with our special Tico Dressing!
i never imagine my day to be like this
fucking rocked it thank you so much
AAAHHH!!!! IM COOL WIT MY SIXTY SIX FOLLOWERS, HAD THE NERVE RO TALK BOUT SOMEBODY ION BE ON HERE DAT MUCH ANYWAY CUZ IM LAIDBACK IN DA CUT
I think those #cuse uniforms make them look like robots. I like watching robots play basketball against humans.
Omg , Ben At Ths Freaking Hospital For Two Hours Now And Im Ready To Go Home !
praying also for Moore and Locust Grove peeps - keep us posted Be safe!!!
Exactly. MT : heard alot about firing daryl. this isn't his fault. hard to do your job when your hands are tied by your boss
On a large scale, yes, it's enormously complex. But kids don't need to see it in big texts to get it. It helps to start small.
True. I see this in somebody whos close to me. Once in awhile I catch that look in his eyes of what his life could have been.
He listens to jazz <3
oh believe me , im coming this weekend lol
Tomorrow There's A Bulling/Sex Assembly..... I'm not comfortable with the sex part O-o
Chris Hansen is a cock-block
Day 2 begins.
Very stoopid...no intelligence..in no FUNKK..attitude is everything... Peace!
nothing good happened today beside's seeing my girls!
Yall, seriously, if someone DM's you with a link & says "look at what they're saying about you on the internets" don't click it
Take that, Brett!
Dude so like #flyhighgeorge !!
Thanks, Nikka, for sharing our project! :)
I think it means "I love you so much"
ha! and now i even have pigtails...it's warm in here! #WhoAmI?
BA-BA-BAD as i wanna be, yuh aint bad yuhs uh sad lil wannabe
“: I'm setting my goals higher ! I'm reaching for the stars !”
thanks for the #FF (: <U+2665>
Make the weekend extra special with a trip to San Su!
Dying at 48, shew way too young! RIP whitney Houston
RT RT This in the next hour for a chance to win 2 #WIStateFair Tix!!
Full weekend of auditions.... Let's get this party started!!!
Jazz Brunch at Oro today ! 12pm. Free all day for kids.
Are u ready? We have fun questions and amazing prizes from !
Please don't see me. Please don't see me. Please don't see me. "hey!" Crap.
Southwest flight attendant: Please turn off all wireless devices. Do not put them in airplane mode or hide from the flight attendant mode.
will be in San Fransisco tomorrow working with Dr. Nunley. Will be presenting our Galvanic machine & our BioPhotonic Scanner.
An economist is an expert who'll know tomorrow why the things he estimated yesterday did not occur today.
its hard to fall asleep when you have wiz khalifa stuck in your head.. :/
Who says you can't pursue your dreams simultaneously? This week, won an art contest & signed on as contributing blogger 4 fashion/politics.
Which one of the three times Syracuse beat UConn are you referring to?
change the question from "what have you done lately" to "what have you done from the beginning" and everything changes.
Yes I'm watching The Borrowers and yes I'm fucking pumped about it !!!
I should expect this by now
Its int. kissing day?!? HEY come 2 Ky 4 the day! love y'all!
Rags: You wanna an apple? Me: Oh man, yea. I didn't think there was any fruit. *blank stare* Rags: C'mon Daye.You're on set Me: oh, to sit.
yes. I felt sorry 4 the driver
fav colors, the whole palette intrigues me, but I like putting colors together avoid using same colors over and over.
lol oh yes. The "oh shiny" factor. How could I be so dense
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage.
how can I get invite for Coronado event?
RT : “: "When One Teaches, Two Learn" #Quote #Life #Wisdom #Leadership #Human” via Yes!
Kicking off #association #event at beautiful #ritzcarlton in #dc to talk revenue strategies for 2012. sponsored
bwaha! Ok then. Did you work today? What's up with your life right now? We should move this to a text...
Im not cocky! I just know i'm pretty! and im worth more than what these dudes are tryna give me!
Hello Sunshine
Oh yeah. Today's Cinco de Mayo.
What a great week for Jason Dufner. Wins his first PGA Tour event and is getting married next Saturday.
We are officially 26 days away from the - I can't wait!
lol never. Were just pissing him off like this.
bro you can fu*king fight ! You went ninja on that kid ! ;D that was beast ! (;
PS, thank you. Starting to level out a little bit! #finally ;-)
what are you doing this weekend? #party time?
I dunno, couldn't think of a username so I just rearranged my name haha. I finally added google talk to my digsby so I'll be on more
hey! thanks for the follow.....\m/
The first 3 people to LIKE our FB page will get an embroidered Piccolo Chef apron for your kids to enjoy in the kitchen !...
What's up with the Bud Light? I assume that's just for the beer bongs?
oh shit i just now saw this
You Scared To, Take It To The Head
Film shoot, audition, then a show, busy day today!
ill be over at 1:15 okay?
#euro2012 all setup! poland flights, accomodation for poznan, gdansk and tickets to all of group games. #ecstatic. up the rep!
Bro your knicks are as lame as your jokes RT : I bet facebook is poppin off with Spurs fans they just signed up
The Pittsburgh Power are in first place with a 6-4 record! i don't see any other team in the city in first place! Go support the power!
The first one of the season is always the best. Must be a Wisconsin thing :) Enjoy!
BET has Whitney Houston service on
#rvagptw Language Matters to be a Great Place to Work! At Marriott not back-of-the-house but heart-of-the-house
Never type while drinking. it could result in false words you dont mean. VERY DEADLY
I think its cute how she says im rhe next
97% of online young adults & 75% of those 65+ use social media monthly according to
I deliberately don't follow Jose canseco yet everyone rt's the idiot into my timeline.
Don't you just love having to wear jeans in 97 degree heat? :( oh #choir the things you do to me...
Feels like summer out.......
check out what's trending in Seattle right now. There is massive support for this stadium deal wethinks
-_- i got 55 and i did them all but i just didnt give them all in.
Love them Duke boys!
you know you can go to any autoparts store and use their hand held machines to see why your check engine light is on, right?
Yeah, I'm sure there is lots more we could be doing to make Voyager a pleasant cataloging experience. :)
Dear nose piercing. You're not fun when I'm sick. Love, I Have To Sneeze Dammit.
watched some of ur high school highlights today.. you can GET UP! cant wait for ur future
RT The $119 million paid for Munch's #Scream, would run for 39 years.
Head out to BRINK ORLANDO tomorrow where i will be spinning beats! OPEN BAR 11-12!!Hope to see you all out there!...
i refuse to believe that!
never alone but I’m in the shadows I dream things I don’t want you to know
We're 139 documents away from shipping our four millionth file! Stay tuned.
Why wouldn't we Bring Ringer Back
Wait, what?!
Get Some Rest..
y tf did this person jus follow me ????
I have been trying to get you to follow me for what seems like FOREVER!
50k and a modeling contract at stake check out THE EROTIC .com
Thanks, I still feel like I'm trying to learn everything lol.
vote for jennette mccurdy that nick's.com/kca
I'm 99% sure Ian Stewart is using one of my pics as his new avi on twitter :)
Pressing B while you're Pokemon evolves
No, sadly. Let me know how they turned out, though! I'm excited for you.
All about !!! Really love you Austin (: hope you follow me back (;
Love it! RT : Hey #Android users, what's it like having #Instagram now on your phone?
Ugh. That's what Zimmerman alleges.
Thousands of songs to choose from. Karaoke at its finest. Be on your way here. iLounge 1287 D Glenwood Ave Atlanta
... Without Niall, we would not have One direction. Bitches better lay off Niall. I am starting to get pissed cause they....
I'll take these follow back and DM your paypal
Cummings: Data Act builds on rigorous reporting req'd for Stimulus Act & Obama Exec Order creating Govt Accountability & Transparency Board
Rashad gonna lay n pray the shit outta dude. I hate bones
Fish Fry and the Brew Crew? Talk about a Good Friday!
Nothing good comes without sacrifice...nothing bad comes without consequence.
damn! I missed it...off to youtube to find it....
A friend of mine said: Gaga's pussy smells like a shit. And I answered: Wow, did you smell Gaga's pussy? You lucky girl ;)
fireworks??? LOL My brother already had that idea!
flyers sucked tonight , hopefully can come out friday and end it.
"What's your favorite beer?" "An open on!" "So how do you when you're done?" "There's no more beer left.." hahaha Jeff Dunham
All that bullshit is for the birds....only person I trust in this world is the man upstairs and myself...fuck the rest...no time for BS...
the same thing happened to me today! May I ask who it was? I speak my mind 2 it may be the same person! hahaha
with sprite
...and thanks right back atcha!
There's just justice in the world the new York knicks won a playoff game and spike did you check that outfit out
what about the art of homosexuality in New York city it needs assistance bad
haha don't mention it! :)
Of course! Thanks for stopping by!
Pat Caddell FOX points out - If the participation in the workplace today was the same as when nobama took office, unemployment would be 11%.
This will be good!! RT : Are you going to ? check out my Designing Mobile Apps for Behaviour Change workshop
dont worry we gonna rich steezy
so tired. ill get back to this thing soon.
I'm already packed!
Thanks for the video, btw. I'll take a closer look and maybe throw it on the site.
I'm a Colts fan..pal ;)
some family lives on W Eastwood , and then others live on Grand Ave in chicago.. chi has the best street names..
Commitment is never an act of moderation. -Kenneth G. Mills
If today wasn't my Friday it's quite possible that I would go crazy.
20 #ElkRiver hockey players interviewed as part of investigation against HS coach.
RT : Wade & Bron are the two best teammates! Durant & Westbrook are runners up!
damn bailey's got a nice bodaaaay
Agreed! She is making the show unbearable! ": Who else wonders why they even incorporated Nellie into ?"
I'm so very sorry.
RT : If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
I'm familiar with that, yes. which one (program, not officer)?
Pancakes? RT : The Mavs discussed how active Hickson has been. What do you think the Blazers breakfast table discussion was?
Thanks for helping get the word out. :)
get back to work...
We all have that one friend who's dad scares the shit out of you :x
Me neither!! I would love to have it before they come to the DMV area for their show!!! Hint, hint... :-)
I think Sagget is slimy. Not funny. His stand up is AWFUL.
Bet you not going to tell your boys about that one are you?
God Help me
RT : We are rebranding! Please follow our new twitter handle, We appreciate RT support.
wuddup brotha?!? I been working and snowboarding man. Hardly ever get on here anymore. Hows training going?
test test test learning how to tweet
RT Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Go to iTunes or Walmart and buy album "Tabloid Truth" if you don't ur missing out on HOT MUSIC!!!! Get there
I'm waiting to have my legs waxed for the 1st time - I'm scared
New extension Densify Arc for ArcMap from Kubilay has been approved. You may download from GIS Extensions Market Portal
Congratulations! I look forward to hearing you speak :-)
For those of you that share my love of fro-yo, get your fix for FREE Friday 4-8 at the new Yogurt Shack in Tualatin 19245 SW Martinazzi Ave
love this tweet. Lmao
or voting
catch a surprise?? Did you know it's CMU alumnus night at the game tonight?! Sec. 111. Bring the THUNDER!
Have been wondering all year what ABD stands for, and have finally come across the answer twice in the past two days. Neither via the U.
We wanna say a big WELCOME to DC this week!
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
Yessir we did. It was nice to meet you as well. Great class. Hope to see ya again soon.
Washington #Huskies not getting in is a major disappointment.
they will easily make it. Thanks to Pardhu baava!!
I agree! Sure am! Great performances so far...
I got an LOL from my professor on the Blackboard forums. It is amazing the way you can overanalyze such things.
Follow , one of editors, who is reporting from #VATech Press Conference
MB look good..
Morning Gourmet Asian dish hope you have productive fortune cookie filled day
Tyler and I will be there sat and sun :)
I really can't afford to lose anymore weight. I've never been this tiny before...
I like someone and I just feel like giving up on him cause he don't even like me......well idk that for sure but yeah
Don't miss the final two 'Septime Webre's The Nutcracker' shows at at 11AM and 3:30PM today! :-)
EVERYONE please follow my friend she will follow back, I promise. pleasee?
RT:"ARRESTS happening now. Our city does not stand up for our right to free speech. #occupycincy #ows"
RT if you love Justin Bieber more than Selena. (follow me, I follow back)
Another one bites the dust.
#sheISthebest if her name is christi. ;)
lol my moms used to it..she talks about it too(y)
you got me nigga... I thought you were my boy
Remember, Ginger Rogers did everything Fred Astaire did, but backwards and in high heels. - Faith Whittlesey
that'd be rad! we love you!
Congrats to the winners of the flier contest in San Diego!!! Free passes to the show and some free goodies, not bad.
So damn true! RT Appreciate what you HAVE before it becomes what you HAD.
I gotta show I need a hype man to help
Ooh snap...so we should b haven a baby within these next 2weeks right??
On behalf of the Harriet Fulbright College (HFC), we would like to wish HFC`s teachers,students and friends of HFC a joyous Thanksgiving.
is the most inspiring person! Literally a role model, my father figure! #SK Movement!!!
fuck yes I bounce my ass ;)
This sandwich >>>>
having the best meet i've had in a really long time! so excited that all the hard work is finally starting to pay off! :)
School school school And today Monday -.-
i enjoy reading your political opinions haha
Yes how are you doing? Right now it is snowing out and very icy. I hate cold weather
OMG Andre is playing out of his mind...so fun to watch
So just logged in and had 50 new followers not really sure how but thanks guys:D...
I'll rephrase. B, due to the fact that the E2 mechanism requires an anti-periplanar beta-H
Yea, if he ever wakes up from any of HIS
that Corporate Communism is destroying this country, but you keep buying crap from Wal-mart destroying small businsses/your local economy.
That iam on joint with lupe,big boi,wale, wiz,n trea the truth is cold they all killed it
pisses me off when dogs won't even sit down for a picture, ugh!.
Thanks, we are happy to help! RT Thank you for the carry out that filled the hole in my soul this eve.
I don't see why they didn't cast Justin Hartley as the Green Arrow next season, but it's nice they're bringing Kristen Kruek back to the CW.
UC Berkeley does, but I'm looking for a community thing. maybe I can recruit, though.
You need a plan to build a house. To build a life, it is even more important to have a plan or goal.
#ImagineMB *You're sick and have sweats on and you hair is messy* prod:Your BEAUTIFUL! U:bu- prod:what did I say! ;)
Madison Pharmacy Associates – eating soybeans, soy nuts, soymilk, or tofu can help protect against bone loss.
Big fire in elderly apts at Center and Cathedral. Whole pane of glass blew out and smashed on car. One guy down hit with glass. Rained on us
take action, quit honing the business plan and get out there
yes confirming next thurs @ 2p. Our email went down fri & they are working on it
I assume creating a Google Calendar invite, reoccurring yrly, for your birthday and only inviting one person is passive aggressive, no?
sending creative vibes your way for tomorrow... finishing up a week of vacation & I've always been a night owl.
thanks anyway :) u're the best.. RT : aww happy happy birthday! Have a great day :D
I don't think so moosh mommy
At Christmas & Mom's day: "Give a gift she won't have to dust or feed. Call to purchase a Gift Cert. now <--my fav
HE IS A Wonder! You Were Created In His Image And After His Likeness...I Guess That Makes You A Wonder Too! (dgr)
I'm still shocked to have learned years ago the original Hamtaro is 296 episodes.
so i was asked my one of the men that i talk to about dating what woman really want so i came up with a list
Can't believe it's the last full week of school.
I know that i say this every year, but this is the worst new years EVER
yup, and yup lol were you looking for extra income or something?
Aw, thanks, Shaun! Did you all have fun in Chicago?
“Feeling important makes one heavy, clumsy and vain. To be a warrior one needs to be light and fluid.”~ Carlos Castaneda
the amazing , the song is called Get Right. (We're partial to him since he's from OK.)
Only redeeming thing?....How many pay per views have you seen?
Thanks for the reassurance.
#bcn09seodesign session in the Karma room is packed!
RT“: #Cardinals HC Ken Whisenhunt "Acquiring Peyton Manning is no longer an option for us." #PeytonWatch”
you were a phils fan? Did you stop??
Im not trying to hate, i have a REAL question for you, doesn't it suck knowing you can't sing good without auto-tune?
top three biggest sport stories of 2011. 1) Penn State 2) NFL lockout 3) Tebow Take care Brickster!
Yu welcome.. I'm da one who shoulda been sleep.. got a interview and work todayy.. at 2 an at 3
Black is the color of all cancers anyway. We need a cure not a color.
“...inside every old person is a young person wondering what happened.” <U+2015> Terry Pratchett
Dress for the day: White shorts and out new orange and white polos!
Golf pro who likes West Side Story? My kinda guy. New follower!
Today in 1960, April 13 – the first U.S. navigational satellite was placed in a north-south polar orbit
Thanks man!
Im pumped about ur signing in Nashville! Are we allowed to get pictures with u!! :)
Can Thursday be over?! Running a mile then softball practice. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Good times fellas! “: Catching up with and in Naples”
“: thanks for keeping me safe in your arms <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>” You're mad at me 4 the Bachelorette but you put this mush on Twitter?
Rock your weekend! : )
NO! But I am officially amazed and happy that someone already addressed this idea!
My Body Tired As Hell!!
Road trip on Friday! Woo!
I'd lie and say that your not on my mind
welcome my friend
"I'm saying believe in magic you Muggle!"- Howard
Rick Perry seems to have a Medieval agenda; keep women down, keep people dumb and pray to invisible sources for unlikely answers.
take away the stigma and ensure that getting psychological help won't end your career
love it
: says it is more than he presented to I'm at #JCMOSoMe class right now, very informative
Any video of that?
looks to be right up our alley! pm me with your email
Mention of THE RAVEN movie curdles my soul. How did two men I love--John Cusack & Edgar Allan Poe--come together in such a marriage of suck?
excited to be accepted to the American Humor Studies Association panel at
Congrats, you beat the 17th place team at home with a man advantage. Would you like a trophy?
your grilled vegetables list is incomplete without onions!
Building form to capture input, validate data, then off to save results to database for new feature.
Welcome Myrtle Beach appointmentlink.com
Plenty of #skills and #jobs postings going up #nationwide. Thanks for the
Holiday playing the role of Teague. W/ Bradley out of the lineup (for now), can Rondo slow him up?
OMG. A Bean ottoman??? I might need a photo. lol
Lol I'm seriously trying to find me a girl to kick it with this summer. Imma have a car, prob not a job though lol.
What a fine morning it is. To go back to bed.
I love the Cars movies so much.
Good point. I will strive to ask better questions.
Decided to end the week watching Star Trek! Damn Abrams and his lens flares!!
finally in Idaho! Already missing . :( but on the plus side I'm not sitting on a plane and I can finally feel my butt! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Aha Fuuuuuckkkk Sounds Like Someone Got Lifte Aha.
I need to go to the bank tomorrow.
bro i like ur background is so cute^-^
Shit. I painted my nails on one hand and now i dont wanna do the other hand -.-
Looking forward to seeing you!
I'm psyched! juliaroy, who I consider a twitter bigshot is following me. Thanks Julia.
So many black lights in one room...
should have designed that in Atlanta, right? It goes with the standards...
Today I'm feeling absolutely lazy. I may pay for this later this week, but I just don't want to work. :-/
Wow, didn't expect that, Don.
Chandler Harnish shouldn't be worried. Tom Brady was Mr. Irrelevant too! Keep your chin up, kid. :D
Screw it the wife wins!
right now, i have little/no hope, so i guess im resigned to loving a loser.
Sweet!! Because all I do is read my tweets from my phone on stage!!
i wanna date him
Yes I can, I'm taller than you! >:D
well obviously or we'd all be stuck in never ending relentless conversations consisting of mostly boring ass people.
Tom Morello says #hillman2012 crowd clapped rhythmically and in time. Against all odds and predictions at
who you calling chica, my african $_438wuctrvtoweuSuuA
Epic fail... Tripped and fell on my butt trying to get out of a booth ... Oh gosh. Lord, please help me. (: haha
I need more followers.../: anyone wanna gimme a shoutout?(:
Ambassador Susan E. Rice, U.S. Permanent Representative to the UN, will be the speaker for Ohio State University’s spring commencement.
Working on a great new job opportunity with a commercial construction company. It should be a great opportunity for the right candidate.
It would be great if you wrote about the event - feel free to ask us any questions you might have! :)
I still say Bulls weak az hell even wit D.Ross
He said I am #1 Cause 2 is not a winner & 3 nobody remembers :)
You should try the Twist Aid. Unreal new product for opening bottles. Orangina would be easy.
Ask: what will you do differently once I give you that data? Educate or stop.
Our favorite lion dance troope has retired (sigh). Any suggestions?
#ilovealltimelowbecause I've met amazing people through them. People who share their umbrella with strangers on a rainy day d:
RT : FLX REDC just like one big frat, says co chair Danny Wegman.
things are changing in academic publishing. We're working tirelessly to allow anyone to manage and publish their own journals
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 7
Back on the right track with him . I can never stop lovin my charm man =)
Gotcha... I'll catch you at one of these games...
Wow ok i didn't follow anymore ppl so what the hell??!?
hopefully i also find a way to weasel my way into the music business, emphasis on the business.
I say fuck bitches then I fuck bitches and after I fuck bitches I be like yo fuck bitches
Bought 3 new scripts and the January edition of American Theatre magazine yesterday. Lets do this
Everyone should have the equal chance for all great opportunities.
Looking for a tasty promotion? Why not imprinted lollipops ?
haha guess jus a personal preference. i dont like the ps3 controller... the downside to xbox tho is lives not free. tht it tho
I am what I am , and guess what that's pretty Fucking cool/good... Believe that
Amen, my friend. BIG trouble...
evidence emerging that #tech has benefitted the medical practice...lowers admin time, allows more time to treat patients.
Avoid going outdoors at the highest pollen times, typically early morning to mid-afternoon, or when it’s dry and windy.
The Risk Summary Report is great for #Commercial Lenders so you find out if the site potentially has any hazards prior to starting the loan
CWCC sends a big welcome to our newest members of the chamber:
no problem !!! and happy birth day ... ure lucky to tweet u
nike air yeezys for the low factory direct deling hear to the next 500 $100 a pair to email us at 13
Just saw Al Roker grocery shopping at Whole Foods in Columbus Circle
I like this song, i like Avril! :)
Today Chupacabra is in Chinatown, right by Urban Outfitters. I know you think you are over it already but Pitchfork totally gave us a 9.3.
#GoTribe Going to miss the game today but I'll be cheering at work!
So much hearing loss. :/
c'mon you redss well get chelsey next time we still rock x
Super excited that my bother was hanging out at the 1st EVER White House poetry event with Barack, Michelle and the girls. Go Poetri!!!
Just spoiled myself on #Glee, which even though I don't care about spoilers or, you know, Glee, gives me just… zero reason to watch it.
Sorry Daniel! It's a bar, so it's 21+. Catch up with us at the conf before the event and we'll give you an iPad giveaway ticket.
I have good memory I don't forget what's your plans
Good morning!! Let's do this!!
To play a beautiful song for two people or a thousand is the same song, &the amount of thanks you receive isn't part of that song.-SethGodin
Thanks for the broadcast :)
I dont know what that was. :(
Who would you put on the ?
thank you baby! It's going to be pretty fucking great because you are coming over, right now! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
if you think you cant make vlogs, you should see the thing i just made... It is pure fuckery
~ Thanks for the retweet!
Green Lantern is very legit in 3D, and an empty theater makes it better
Your hair is becoming too straight gay boy, too straight!!
females who lie about gettin dwn. its ok if u a freak, b 100. u luv suckin dick. i love that u love 2 do it
Trust in God at all times, my people. Tell him all your troubles, for he is our refuge. -Psalm 62:8, GNT
that is so exciting! Good luck with everything! I can't wait to hear all about it.
I think libraries just need to come to terms and understand this: We don't run these places. The people do.
We will be there serving our delicious Hawaiian Poke Bowls #ahi #salmon #tofu over rice or spring mix! We are very exited!!!
Im Starting mY OWn business....what kind Advice to have for me????
Dam OKC Did Work Tonight !
is your heart broken ? how do you feel about me now ? <U+2665>
no sorry :{
Wishing much #funinthesun to and the phenoms in training at his youth clinic today! Gorgeous day in Hawaii nei!
No. 8 was my 1st & it was fantastic. It should be worth every sec MT : At my first #ignitedc and hoping it is worth the time
You're welcome, Baltimore.
In the 11/17 edition of Venable's Ad Law News & Analysis: State AGs on #FourLoko, on internet self reg, CA supply chain law.
Celts !!! Sox ! Time for Celts to end this series , and get rested. Sox, one word; Will
why not?
2 hrs of sleep & now I'm in bed! Nappy times are the best!!
Astro-Med Introduces New 18-Channel Data Acquisition System
Have some fun together & enjoy a seasonal sporting event! Buy some peanuts & crackerjacks & hit a baseball game together.
I'm miss lying in his arms
Would it be rude of me to ask the arguing couple across the way to speak up so I can hear everything and not just the yelling bits?
I'm tired of being what u expect me to do
I wish all this spam saying "make money by tweeting" was real. That'd be a legit af job
Nothing like some delicious chicken legs :P
Here's to hoping that radio trends start shifting to something good. Cheers!
I need to watch that and Avatar. So behind.
You know I'm not lying! You've seen the too-tight suit before.
is wandering.
come on guys keep tweeting Get Austin Mahone Verified its trending in the US already!
My name is Stephanie Mullins, . I would like to be entered in your #Giveaway! Ty...I need to #Win! :D
Oh yeah, at a family function & everyone decided to leave me. Cool. Just ready to leave.
Thanks for the shout out I mean Tweet! We greatly appreciate it Thanks again for coming out :).
There are only so many things a kind heart can take.
How bout them #Heat !!
didn't you post an article about the #sandiego #realestate markets that have come back the most? I'm trying to locate it.
Xcel Energy Center says Katy Perry concert scheduled for Saturday postponed to August 23 due to illness.
hopefully super soon we can! i am glad she wants to learn : )
In the Game of Thrones you win or you die.
#Firefox, your inspector is fucking useless if I can't cut and paste some of the bizarre CSS declarations I have to deal with.
RT : . put on a cool panel discussion on Artist Residencies tonight. always love their events.
well-founded!!! People should have to retest for their license! My grandpa has parkinsen's & can't walk but is legal to drive!
having a blast with ma friends(:...!!<3 got to love them<3
One of the most boring halves I have seen in a long time.
Replies to everyone but me.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
we must be brothers in the prognosticating bidness!! Saints and Pats for me too. Brady will be a surgeon today
yeah, he waited at her bus stop for her and then swung at her. And then he left and followed her home to do the same thing.
Can you get a JLPN? My Dad still drops Not jokes like it was 1990 I may need to start bringing those back into my rotation. Not
do you wanna come Turkey ? :)
#M83 tonight so excited love my
love your song huge fan :D
You can tell I have been playing around with computers tonight.
Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health
Finally figured out why 's voice haunts me when I listen to .... like getting coding advice from #Snape! :)
I teach the Ides of March to my 6th graders, and they are NEVER bored.
Learning new ways to think about biz models with Tim Clark author at w and
Exactly. Gender is just an idea, right? Bring on the Brylcreem!
Could have been at the end like Stan's cameo. A Daily Bugle scene with Jameson barking at Parker to get photos of the Avengers.
yes! How do I proceed!?
Half hour until tonight's PSO concert with Andre Previn. Didn't get a ticket? Tune into Classical QED 89.3 at 8
its ok, I'm in town all the time but your exam on basic psychology is prob really important.
we have had some group coupons and are located in downtown Columbus!
We got in! Good to see you. Safe travels! RT : I'm gonna get my boy and raise some hell tho at some point this wknd…
If you're in Tel Aviv tonight, go! RT :"Protest against Israel's new anti-democratic laws will take place in Tel Aviv at 7PM"
Netflix on twitter. I doubt theres going to be credits for this movie..
yeah its corny
Payed on the same day. How nice is that.!
#WhyDoHoes like to act slutty, and wear not enough clothes.
my people u can make A sandwhich what good is the sandwhich if u anit got no bread $$$$$
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
I think STL got to0 clever trading down and missed on guys that could meaningfully help the offense. They need Oline and WR help in 2nd/3rd
great! we are meeting at at 5 am and walking downtown if you want to do that wih us!
hopefully things would be better by having women asking me for dates since almost at rock bottom
East Lansing for the night, flight to DC in the morning.
Anytime you feel alone put on your headphones.. #Music <3
Letter Home
's new song #boyfriend is out of the roof! its the best song ever!! (: <3
Appreciate it :)
not if they keep playon the way they did last night that shit was sloppy KD, Westbrook, and Harden took notes & dominated
RT : I'll sum up my 1st experience like this: Go for the beer list, stay for the tater tots. NOM OM OM. Well done!
My black kitten (not so kitten anymore!) is sitting very prettily on the chair next to me... asleep. She looks so posed and poised. Love.
needs to answer my calls sometimes D:
Sunday I am taking a ME day and going shopping in the city alone :)
WIthout TV, I would have no idea who Mel Tormé is.
So terrorists were planning to blow up the casino? Well good thing they were caught I need this job.
taco time
ahhaha that's okay ;)
Thanks! Off to a good start! Digging for Dinosaur Bones. “: Have fun! RT We were headed to the Zoo, but it is too cold.
thanks Kyle! got it
Noop u can't come back! I would rather b alone then live a lie with u!
When you know someone's not interested and that they're just acting like they are.
Hey everyone, stay tuned we have a NEW VIDEO headed your way today!
oh, yes, i totally forgot about it! thanks!
your a guy right? dont answer that. How do ou know if someonelikes you?
No, you look way better...
Writing style is High falutin flower arranging
: If you see this will you PLEASE FOLLOW ME & RT THIS (: ? Loveyou (:
RT Whenever there is injustice in the world, Americans will rise up and retweet a hashtag.
I've wasted an afternoon trying to restore an iPhoto library from Time Machine. Grrrrrr … still not there.
Thank you for the mention. Sure hope you recover from that stomach virus quickly. Drink lots of water! Get well soon! :)
If my recent predictions are any indication, Man U will probably win 5-0, but tonight I'm calling: Man City 2, Man Utd 1
Should do a time lapse on this conversion Brad. Would be very cool.
new favorite: earl grey ice cream.
I'm watching High School musical. Yeah. Be #jealous :)
any fake boozy in scene study?
yeah the black jelly bean liquorish is gross.not my type of candy#just had a to say now that i was eating jelly beans..:O)LO via
love it.
Actually I just had a good bite...completely wrapped in a corn tortilla with the hottest green chile on the planet.
Who takes shower-baths? (a shower sitting down)
Watching Titanic about to cry looking at Jack and Rose
You can watch the entire pilot episode of "Nurse Jackie" free on youtube
RT ClaireInParis: What we need is a new Red Cross. For netizens in danger. NOT linked to gov.
Also started "The Other Daughter"....very intriguing so far!
We've got a feeling that this is Day's Major as well. Don't see the American's ending the losing streak this week.
Damn it Cubs... Would have been fun to see this go on into the night.
still doing my homework on him. But he looks like a special teams guy
Panasonic TX-L42ET5 TV review - MSN Tech &amp; Gadget UK
uh ohh...... im confused :P You just randomly tweeted at me and you don't even know who I am???? Haha
Excited to use the new user interface!! Bring it on!
for the win!!!
Red clover is used to treat a number of medical conditions, including cancer and skin inflammations, such as psoriasis and eczema.
On 8/22/97, I left on a training assignment to India, where this picture was taken on 8/31/97. I felt blessed meeting BLESSED MOTHER TERESA!
come on Dan! "BCE"? "ACE"? Why the fear of recognizing the "common era" is the Christian era? "AD" and "BC" are correct!
Lots to do, lots more new work. Its a fun time.
Puppy arrives Saturday! Many a photo to follow. Can't wait to hear all about your fab get-away & ringing in 2012 w/ HtheSixth!
Day one of the #Piranha3DD mix on Monkeyland's B Stage. Kelly V and Mark Rozett manning the mix!
My first film "Lake House Leopard Escape" followed closely by "Suburban Sasquatch"
#shoutout to my newest follower
my workout tonight included making oatmeal & a grilled cheese. Now doing a cool down w a mt dew & kettle corn.
dope. All I do is work I wish I never left college. Getting old is the pits but Im able to support myself so no complaints
& : Per the FB/Instagram news, if can help in studio, just let me know:
& I don't want the world to see me cause I don't think that they'd understand.
#wewontwork if you feel 30 seconds is too long to wait for a text back
RT : Happy Teacher Appreciation Week! We'll never be able to thank you enough for what you do!
add Daddy Yankee. he has a twitter.
I refuse to teach Musiq Soulchild how to love.
Listening to 's song BAD :) i love ur voice Gen <3
hey have you guys ever done a piece that provides data on american middle/high school students knowledge of US history?
These words are my own.
Just stupid stuff :P
Maybe the State Asshole
#Royals split 4 game series with #NewYork. 3 game series vs #Boston begins tomorrow.
Haha, well, by the looks of it, iPhone. As long as business uses BB, you'll be safe. =)
Hope that today is a great day i just hope(:
": We Spared Them Life Lol...Next Game It's OVER"<="WE" since when did u become a fuckin CLIPPERS fan?!?!?!?
Anti-hipster is the new hipster.
Spotted getting soupy:::RT : I see sweet little on while we wait for class. :)
#nowplaying ignorance by
thx fam..ima get at u when i can handle talkin bout it. Preciate that.
Having a great time visiting the family in CO.
u dont wanna be the man?
trying to get our numbers up for upcoming mobile media project for the galleries. Pls follow #txst_gallery and stay tuned
Ha! "Yes" is our answer. If it's San Diego County construction, you can only get it all - and first - from Building Velocity.
Justice is truth in action. - Benjamin Disraeli
I have jury duty next week :(
I can't decide on a dp now haha they're all so fucking cute.
...unless you're taking me to Disney World... I'm quitting
Question for my IT savvy followers: best inexpensive tablet and EASY to use apps (e.g.streaming tv) for 86 year old guy ( my dad)? Thx
Some people search for love. Some for money. I'm just searching for that shower experience that people have in the shampoo commercials.
Is it me or do the names of #IPL teams sound a lot like cigarette brands?
Thanks so much for all your support. You've been with us since the very beginning and we really appreciate you.--
Britty's Tattoo view - UAB Kaleidoscope
Sometimes when a girl pushes you away, she's really fighting for you to pull her closer. Don't let a good girl go.
Don't you have some sort of homework or studying to be doing?
Merry Christmas Everybody hope everybody has a Great and Blessed Day God bless!!
"God I am single as fuck."
At the courthouse for my bf's court thing In the lobby there's marriage license apps I say -let's get married All I want is to marry a felon
Thanks for saying nice things about my blog, Anthony. What do you think of the name World-Voices?
Loving today - they have some really nice schwag (Gunnerkrigg Court! QC!), and they have responsive & great customer service. <3
cripes, how could I forget.
Lots of #PackPride in alumni turned author, Tami Hotard, on her newest book, Big Charity, about
Over 60 after shocks in Tokyo, as high as 6.0 and lasting as long as 3 minutes long.
Don't forget to reapply for NYU Housing (current students) by today! Apply through NYUHome....and apply for Special Interest Housing too :)
Billy Crystal makes me feel like I felt when Bob Hope dressed up like The Fonz or Luke Skywalker.
yeah the family I nanny for is going out of town this weekend and since there's always leftovers I made them early this week.
Aww thanx for the love home-slice. :) Love ya honey.
North Korea has their own Johnny Mountain?!?!
I hate that LOUISVILLE GETS OVER LOOKED TALENT WISE ! IF YOU DON'T LIKE LOUISVILLE FUCK YOU ! COME SEE ME ! I'M TRIED OF THIS SHIT !!!
feeling like a goddess after restoring two computers w/ blue screen of death
I've been dreaming of you every single day, but when I wake up I still have nothing
thanks! we hope to see you! and black coffee is one of our favorites to play :)
we're back. ;) we should get together. ;)
Follow us to help reunite lost Indy and surrounding area pets with their owners.
A bunch of assholes at Buffalo Wild Wings are all thinking they took this game into overtime
Today is a rare day where I'd rather rip my eyes out than do my work. Not enjoying the ride today. Thankfully this doesn't happen too often.
Meh. Waking up doesn't sound appeasing.
#WOTD: RT : announces their latest album 'The Whole Love' will be available on April 31...On player piano roll.
what does Kyle make you for lunch? Maybe we should share ideas to each other??? I've got some mad sandwiching skills!
no dont worry i believe u
I'm so tired!
When you said "Carlos the doorman" thought you were joking about v.o. character from TV #sitcom "Rhoda". That was "Carlton".
The Meaty Part of The Line Up...
people change.
Yes Always De
your quite welcome:)
Only one tweet? Gotta keep up kevin! Lol
I love my Mom <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
returns for a special I AM Industry Monday Night only As always - Free Cover! $2 Shots, $3 Beers, and $5...
we loved having you! Thanks for the great performance!
Wondering how much , is listening to right now?
As long as Koivu and Heatley are still on the line together, they should be all right.
Check out these 25 hot movie releases from Thanksgiving to January!
I chased the rains down in Big Africa #SKC 3-0
Treat your girl with respect, not like shit
Kids are hilarious! Hahahahahah :)
I know so many different kinds of dinosaurs because I memorized the Dinosaur Rap from
my name is Queenie yeung. & yours ?
The difference between Firefly and the Republican debates? One presents a future where government crushes dissent. The other was canceled.
thank you
please include the @ if possible. again thank you.
this guy is a bum he is soft like a cup cake
Killer crowd, exciting speakers, packed house 's Social Business Summit 2012 | RIO
I wholeheartedly agree with you! I hope we are doing our part in helping it be more awesome!
I saw a big ol’ mangy tom cat beat the sh*t out of another cat last night. It was not nearly as sexy as I thought it would be.
its but ill take that lol
Take care of your character and your reputation will take care of itself.
I'm trying haha
Haha. We'll keep our eyes peeled.
So ig let them bieber tweets begin , ik they're coming since his birthdays tomorrow /: lol
haiyaaa : D how're you doin?
Planning for our trip to Hawaii next week
Sometimes. I really just want to punch you in the face. -.-
speaking of #glamour, I'm doing some vacay shopping on the manana. First, gotta get new luggage b/c my suitcase to' up.
I love the song "The Closest Thing to Crazy" by Katie Melua.
Excited to see what you guys are up to. Stop by HQ anytime.
Thankyou professora for sending me home now I helped a puppy :)
Thanks for the feedback! We'll make sure to include the details in the lift notices as well.
#dearenemies You're all jerks that can go fuck yourselves.(:
What is your favorite show to watch locally in OC?
Where's my follow big guy? No love for some Chalk Talk?
It’s getting hot Vegas! Cool down with one of our shakes or malts!
Will celebrate Bday by going to farmers market and talking inside baseball about media business.
Thanks Nancy!
Yeah, I know I hope so too, but I have to go. byee
Doesn't look like they're going with the short shorts.
Cleaned up me and my twin room. Its lonely he need to cum home
Good seeing you too. Next time we'll get organized.
yes maam I will send you something by tonight
You're not married. >_>
ha, yea right
Very excited for my new Kindle subscription. Thanks!
I think you're missing the word "Republican" in this tweet
Hubble saturday night at the Freedom Garden in bushwick!
a year from this weekend...i will be hosting the Newberry-Macon reunion here in Florida...theme "Standing on the shoulders of our ancestors"
Commission meeting will start in 10-15 minutes.
dreading or anticipating this coming season, no one can turn down shoppin 4 ur #swagger use repcode MARYJANEEATER @ #karmaloop and
how you feelin
Thanks for the follow!
Wise are those who learn that the bottom line doesn't always have to be their top priority. ~ William A. Ward
Yeah they randomly followed me so I checked them out and I'm impressed and found a new favorite band haha
that gave me happy tears too!!!!
Btc when I see you make sure I do the the blade dance on yo ass..... Boyuu wont yuuu boss up.&get this money get ths money lol
Irony is, same thing was going to happen to LBJ in America for same reasons. Party insurrection bc he was crass and bullyish
Dang ! I should have brought you some today !
God dammit Ant.. I'm eatin Doritos and you just went and fucked up all the taste now.. Grrrrrrrr
oh...AND was the deal 2day!!
#10FactsAboutMe I can read and write vietnamese
The Pack killed it again yesterday!
damn she all fucked up then!
Louis is all like bitch please we are to good for you
B-14% of us hate when people do what at the movies? Call in to win: 313.298.9630
Thank You for being so funny!
IF YOU LOVE HER BREAK UP WITH KATIE.
does life really have have to have ups and Downs can't it just be straight
me duh
Huge S/O to on walking across the stage today @ the IUPUI Graduation. As his former coach & now colleague I couldn't be prouder
Like the farm subsidies that go to agribusinesses to make HCF for McDonalds? Well, maybe not that bad. #I'llstoprantingnow
do i know you? Haha
Design driven tech, "how you handle big ideas is really important".
i listen to 1D and dance songs to keep me motivated:)
woah that's awesome, yeah sleep will probably do me better anyways #thanks!
happy bday john have an ICONic one C:\Users\Amanimada\Documents\johns bday
Hey Can You Follow Me Please..! ??? :)
Aaawwww so sweet, thank you.
People still talking about #8 being vacated??? Lol
would love to chat with you sometime regarding ! We're a one for one soap company that loves your site.
has just signed on to as a leader in making Milwaukee one of the healthiest cities in the nation.
As Warren Buffett said: "There's class warfare, all right. But it's my class, the rich class, that's making war, and we're winning."
Thanks for the follow Eric!
RT : Thanks Lisa Sanders and Del Sur for sponsorship of
Don't go into business to get rich. Do it to enrich people. It will come back to you. - Stew Leonard
it states user doesn't exist!
The weather in DC today is virtually indistinguishable from downtown San Francisco. Not gonna lie: I love it.
Nice knowing ya <U+270C>: If LeBron James wins a ring this year I'll delete my Twitter for good.
wish i could be watching right now...BIG NFL discussions
What year was the album “Come Fly With Me” released?
CAN I JUMP N THE RING REAL QUICK AND BEAT THE HOLY HELL OUTTA H
Focus Group, Manhattan, September 14th. Looking for Cell phone owners. $85 for 1 ½ hours #NYC nyfocusgroups.com
consider yourself followed
Skyline chill!
The baked #potato is rich in #magnesium and #potassium, two minerals that fight high #blood pressure.
The longer that I wait, the more that I'm afraid that someone's gonna fool your heart and take you away <3
In the past three days, I won 5 Science Fair awards (including a perfect score on my presentation) and am $190 richer. Life is good.
I did but I thought the yacht was better. Now I just need to find my first Billion.
To say the least, the stock market will be Clouded today by Steve Jobs' talk. Look for the signs under the averages.
in the studio until the new year...only a few open appointments! visit saintclark.com now to book yours
Yeah it really pisses me off when people try to put Lebron and Jordan in the same breath
YOLO kind of night with
surgery done. Recovery is the worst part.
Just got accepted into college :) lets go!
Damn.. let's see how this night turns out
I wanna forgive but I just can't.
Sometimes you rly piss me off. Instead of saying "he better back off cause you mine (: ." you tell me to go for him? Wtff.
The black market this time round is damn fast lor.
Bad Grades Ain't Cute .
Hell ya. One of the coolest apps available.
I'm buried, not married.
what's happenin bro? you in town?
Life is good
whoooaaaa that looks tasty and easy.
I've been in one of those rooms..we all know the cookies are brownies are just to the left, out of the camera frame, haha
haha. I sure do
A pleasure to walk the streets of canary wharf.
Changed the profile picture! Singing "Catch Me" by Demi Lovato!
I have a binge-ing problem. I think im ready to admit it... I Have Sleep-Bulimia! lol
hah you would know that
How are
Dang my legs feel like jello tonight!! Ugh! :-/
Great day - Hofbrau Haus for lunch, then swimming at Coney Island - finished with pizza and rides!!
U didn't taser anyone today did u ???
I love working with talented people
Half considered the City of Lights Jazz Fest this year, but only can make it Sunday & really can't stand Eric Benet. Designed LX for a 1off
Either the rest of the league got really good really fast, or the Red Sox suck. Now 4-4 in 7th.
“: Cheating is a choice, not a mistake.”exactly!
youre the best (:
Interesting concept, but I would call it a 2-wheeled car. Completely misses the point of motorcycling. Don't want to be caged.
Hope he fuckin u good!
Happy Mother's Day Ladies!
Isnt it time for Beaujolaus to be released? Or was it already?
It would be different if we saw record after record w/in the state Bar assn of Rubio fighting the Bar for disability & Autism rights
I want all of you or none of you.
#cil2010 if you have usability policies or guidelines at your library, please share links!
Watching a new series of airline TV ads which keep getting interrupted by v exciting golf - funny I thought it should be other way round!
just like yhu bitch
When does American Reunion come out?
Join us in wishing a 10th ANNIVERSARY to The , who started playing in April 2002. ALL HAIL THE INVINCIBLE CZARS!!
id rather be drinking a smoothie from Mickey D's
Kentucky has to get their offense going.
Sounds like there are a lot #Lakers fans at #PepsiCenter tonight ... I don't like it. C'mon #Nuggets ... keep 'em quiet.
we can't wait until it's 77 degrees on Wednesday! What will you be doing in this warm weather?
#whenblackpeoplegetpaid they go pay the rent on their rims!
we don't have any downloads available at the moment. Maybe in the near future!
he says with loaded gun, sweaty brow and bulging eye: say "mad men" again! say "mad men" AGAIN!
Trying to get my sons, firsts scrapbook done. love to scrapbook.
Cannot get over the fact that when a cat repeatedly paws at something it is called "biscuiting." I mean....what? Why?
Nice man! I'll ship it out the next day! RT “: hell yeah I'm gonna order that night stalker tee”
ha ha you're right about that..off to rock this sportscast..
thx sweetie...we try...im a paramedic and my boy is an emt...we try n make ppl feel better : ) thanks for noticing *hugsyou
Good stuff! Working on a new piece, which I haven't named as of yet. Also took over the Fulton Market Art Walk here.
You're going to be on tonight! Can't wait!!
when I'm old as fuck I'm still gona blast my reggaeton!!!
How did everyone enjoy 99 cent Iced Tea month? Sadly, it ends today so stop in and get your fix!
Share with everyone <3
Fear less, hope more, whine less, breathe more; talk less, say more, hate less, love more
Josh you need Annette to draw your pills
holy shit holy shit. holy shit. the vampire diaries is the best show ever.
lol iight how bout both of us take sum blame
When someone makes you feel more uncomfortable in your body than you already are <
Moonshot for #Brewers Ryan Braun, he hit it into the NYCE club
A guys sleepy voice <3
god!! =) lemme know what you think?
Jack's Mannequin is next Friday. Wear dark blue to the show.
i met Q briefly and he let me come take/assist! i just met everyone yesterday! but i make friends quick :P
I am honored and proud to say that I share the same sisterhood as women like Such an inspiration!
Just saw avengers. Pretty sick, but couldn't they have given Black Widow a bigger gun? Huge hulk, iron man, and ScarJo w/ a lil pistol. Welp
Just bought new asics and joined the gym I said was too expensive. I figure, what better to invest in than my body?
CyberStationUSA.com is the first and largest internet station. We are the future of radio.
Today, I'm gonna let people know, "I'm better than you."
I'm so crazy for you, but I love that I am.
Start today! We're living in very interesting times, think different and don't follow the crowd.
hey Nicole kendaya is against austinlets fight back
Awee Ashley Has On Her ACG's Too:)
Heat Win Game 2, On to New York
unzop. unzop damn you! why won't this thing unzip...oh
Wow. You're too funny.
You must play as one to win one individuals never win any thing. The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary
Get to the foul line to slow down a fast break team.
Steven:She plays basketball Me:Yea Steven:That's good the means she has handles. ==<U+270A>==D~~~~
"I will never say duck"
Is there a full moon tonight? Four critical work issues today along the the normal stuff. Will this day ever end ?
introducing #scon12 talking 4 trends of tech and he says he likes to zip like with capes.
lol yeah why don't I just take a pillow and a chair to make myself comfortable too -____-
Last day at st Mary's
it's only 9 something
My workout obsession is back and this time I hope it sticks! Let the countdown to Vegas begin!
same here! Wht grade u in?
rag on Calipari but he gets the most out of the most talented players. and he's not afraid to freeze out talented players who won't listen.
"I don't know why I've done half of the things I've done, but I know this is where I belong."
Danfung Dennis: Virtual reality + filmmaking to shake people from their indifference. Powerful mission!
I LOVE YOU INFINITY x 100000000000000000000000
Update date :-) :-) :-) :-) who thinks snooki is preeggers I do
Captain's joke, "Your fare just doubled."
Soon: not just site-construction updates but actual news about a major production this year. For now this is just activity for its own sake.
Time for ice hockey. Let's hope we keep it under double digits this time!
I wasn't sure the website teardown session was going to be relevant to me, but I've picked up a number of good tips!
Another outstanding Mayor's Cabinet Annual Meeting earlier tonight w/ &
did u just tipe that lol!!!
She's my boo thanggg <3
The agent of reform is not the rebellious slave but the repentant master. ~ Tom Stoppard
it's getting hared to
thanks to and all the volunteers and participants we had lots of fun again this year
Fat girls who think they are hot and are hot shit
Updating NetFlix..
no kidding! Let's hope or the best... Can't wait to be reunited!
wondering if mayyybbee you'd like to follow me?
i just want to give ' boy this money so i can own the cavs 4s. my life will be complete til next month when the militarys drop
time to walk the Ockhamite
The three areas that cause newlyweds the most problems during their first year of marriage are finances, work issues, and household chores
anyone have the score of the manchester united, blackthorn game
of course they win gold! With that amazing move how could they not?!
Don't think I want to see new "Promethius" trailer. By all reports, It may give away too much of the plot.
In need of some coffee.
deal is still a verbal and handshake at best. There is a lot left to be finalized.
,lol low and behold! Dr. Perry gets her own show!
Thank you and thanks for the follow! Hope you have a lovely day!
What a beautiful bittersweet Thursday!
Fresh Air on today is about childhood obesity
sounds so cute! Can't wait to see!
#fantasyfootball draft tonight
yes I did! You guys are amazing! c:
man u replied to the oldest tweet in the world know u don't know what u doin
we can't tell him who to hang out with! I know she *probably* didn't have a right to say that but still..it's not his fault
Running Rebels needs #tutors. Please email Emily at if you or anyone you know wants to tutor!
did somebody say liquior
If i can just say what i wanna say
I'm thinking it's a carbonara kind of night.
gr8 to have everyone for Tuesday Afternoon Lunch RT Solid cameos here by , &
Great show, part solo, part with hushed backing band. No Lou--he ended by covering "Alison" and making it his own.
yes and I hate it
Watching the #Dragon_Tattoo_Trilogy DAY TWO - I think the literary title was the
#PeopleNeedToStop having periods
i need more followers
to every one who gives us a shout out will earn a discount on their smog test all it takes is a shout :)
RT : north america you are up first. get ready. #BELIEVEtour next week! LEGGO
HEY PEPLE THE MAYOR IS PREPARING FOR THE NEW STEVE TURNER ''COMING HOME DVD'' LIVE IN CLEVELAND
Vincent Castronovo Is The Meaning of H.o.t
I second what Marcus said.
has a VARIETY of delictables. Stop by and taste their healthy selections. Get 15% OFF w/ a
Are you a musician looking for a gig? We've got a few Monday nights open - contact us for more info.
I definitely need to find time to write up that piece on the flex classroom we built at UMW...
I know, right? It's been too many years since I used "ceedus lapeedus" in a conversation...
I've been meaning to do that as well. Still haven't got around to it yet. Probably too late.
the originals are the best too
Thanks again for the mention before!
Why is that girl wearing a black and hot pink corset? This is chili's.
When I tell he's hot, I feel like a damn creep. Tbfh lol
smoke break in Hollywood at 5 am...I just witnessed two guys try to break into a car and fail at it.
-Baird Community Involved Player of the Year: A.J. Hawk (Green Bay Packers); for his work with local charities.
In the end, dear friend, it is always between us and God, not between us and them.
Warning Stranger: if u stay a min pass d point when she wants to leave. You could get the CREEP-meter slapped on you. Creep-Odometer police!
it was so good to see YOU! :)
U of Minnesota to introduce Teague as next AD
seems like I've been waiting forever! needs to come out! I'm waiting for him to sing! :) haha
HEY. TELL ME ABOUT GAMIFICATION OF ART.
**Specials of the day**: come in between 3 pm - 5 pm for a LARGE cheese pizza for ONLY $5.00 OR a LARGE pepperoni for only $6.00!!
Night Twitter! Have a Happy Thursday!!!!
I LOVE YOU YOU ARE MY HERO AND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME IF YOU FOLLOWED ME
thanks for putting that on this morning! It was awesome. Let me know if I can help in any way for the next one.
Today's Quote: "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift would
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter Didn't Even Know What To Write!
You are brilliant! Clueless is one of the best movies ever!
that's open to eat now
RT : u outdid yourself again. Awesome dinner in tysons corner, VA! thx!
that's nor Kelly.
OMG OMG what was i doing?? He-hee "oh yeah making loofah soap
Use coupon code MATCHY10 for 10% off earrings & bracelet that go together nikkoneko in my shop. More matching to come, next few days!
Brother coming in from Germany, family coming from New York
Big difference in bringing a guest lecturer into class via videoconferencing (VC) and co-teaching via VC. Base-level change to pedagogy.
So happy
Oh dear!!! The power of cheesecake!! You should come here tomorrow and get some cheesecake to feed your family!
I know haha
RT : All these videogames rated "mature" do not seem very.
Yo cant wait to see u in #blueandyellow I think youre going to make an excellent fit in Karl's system! #goNuggets!
They are! And the Motley Crue cosplayers made my weekend. xD Motley Crue pwns everything.
What a fun day. :)
I have a fat lip and I don't know how. Somewhere between Mariah's house and Mezza...
Oh shit, typo.
The Assembly will be in session at 11 a.m., debating mining, concealed carry training requirements.
your startup story (the day the website went dark) was great! Thanks for sharing!
Our fourth installment on insulation is about insulation effectiveness and fire safety. Go to oklahmahomerepair.tumblr.com for more!
You are so annoying. Get a life. All of you.
We have the countdown tickin...
& if you wonder, about the spell I'm under, it's your love.
so happy
Grateful to see a new morning
Why would you only add Barrett and Falk? if you add in the other Dem candidates, plus Kohl-Riggs, the total is just under 556000
I'd like to connect with you about my work.
let them enjoy their little run. (obviously, im still very bitter lol) who do u thinks gonna take it all? im leaning LA or NYR
I respect how actually listens/talks to his fans. Not many 'celebrities' do that now a days.
Up early grinding riding round and gettin it. I'm on my
#maddow: You found a new Talk Show Host!! Jane Lynch!! Watch out MHP & Dylan!
Political panties
I'll be playing at Johnny Nicholas' Hill Top Cafe in Fredericksburg, TX - Monday the 14th @ 6pm. Duo show w/ Kullen Fuchs on piano.
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas. Marie Curie
Tony, I've meet him, he rocks. :)
thanks Mike. Short trip but should be good one.
yes till 8 tonight
This week's 10% off code for #CHIchat members is "Bowl for Fitness"! Stop in this week and take advantage :-)
When the person who matters to you the most STILL doesn't realize it
Anyone want to follow my second account? It's for Directioners(: if you want to its
No worries. The Internet still likes you. I got the link.
How long until YMCA commercials stop bumming me out though? :( #Y #MCA .____.
u.r. welcome! u rock.
So great catching up with u today!
"Eating healthy is not a punishment."-Meg McCarthy, The Miami Herald - I'll add that not only is it NOT punishment, it's delicious too!
LMFAO UR HOT AND FUNNY ANY CHANCE YOU WILL DO PLAYBOY??
i think its a good game nephew!
www.codeschool.com/courses/jquery-air-first-flight New Jingle! I'm hoping this gets the same buzz as 'Rails for Zombies'.
you are a beautifoul person... Thank u for following me back!!!
You need to color tint your lips in that pic to a blazing red. Otherwise it just isn't you. Or is that your Clark Kent mode?
Solving four international challenges in website translation with four of our clients.
I'm gonna make sure I get my tickets...I'm having me, my dad, and my friend online tomorrow just so I'm sure to get it
Sure, my pleasure!
Couch Money created it all... is a part of the start.. New Mixtape of his coming soon! #poptarts&applejuice
do you have an online portfolio or instagram?
I wish i could find in the world, run up to him, and give him the biggest hug for his 18th birthday<3 that would be amazing<3
Great twist on BPO from COO of Hanover: we didn't outsource entire jobs, just the portion that didn't require certain skills & exp
Molly, you in daanga' girl. Right?
Beauty fades with all the games you play
sidney crosby trending worldwide? thats my boy <U+2665>
Things are looking up!
That is awesome, good for you!! :)
Luclay needs to stop crying like a baby, enough already.
Helen Hayes stamp to debut Monday at awards program named for the actress
Booked a television show! Shoots Monday! :) ill give more details after the shoot!
Are you or Sam dating Rebecca Black?
vernon hills
I love her so much I don't think I could make it if she wasn't in my life
ya and when someone does come the tickets sell out really quickly so it's pointless
Both days are filled with treats; 31oct is just lots more fun!
A favorite form shooting routine is heavy ball 1-hand shooting 3' from basket w/ elevated set position..targets foot lift force focus.
(c) for my birthday but he'll never do it now!:(
Coffee, tea and milk concoctions, CT&M for short, are definitely destined to catch on—at least in frat houses.
Gimme time. :-) 2013 Soc of Hist Archae has their conference in Leicester; hopefully I can get myself that way before or after.
about to go to nifs! We could tumble n grass before we go in?
President Ulysses S. Grant was also known as Unconditional Surrender Grant. He was not a fan of war & moved to end it as swiftly as possible
If ya guys loved our song "Ron Ron Back" it'll be available for free download tomorrow before the game..
aw! ;( come on it will be super fun! Besides fritz Javon Victoria and Nathan will probaly be there 2!
Instant deals now available from Living Social! Download their app if you don't have it already.
My #Metro train is being held because of an "unauthorized" person on the track.
I feel I need to help you overcome those bets
hah. It was a dumbed down version of the game so there were none of the gimmicks, even though we asked for a street shout out.
May is skin cancer awareness month. We're posting related questions all week. Tweet True or False using #acsskin for a chance to win.
I want to be a pirate! Just saying, (he says with a shrug)
Job interview went well. Hope I get a call back soon! :)
My head is going hammer! Bammer bammer ugh!!
thanks for sharing.
Does someone wana trade hair with me please
Rain ultra lounge tonight! Your new Thursday night hot spot NO COVER 21+ guys 18+ ladies amazing drink specials! RT for me!
we know its not now go STFU!!
Probably not too close to south KC, but oh we'll
is that what it is. Don't tell me men can be scorned too..lol.
ordering a triple meat with extra everything, large fries & a DIET coke? you sure are saving yourself. lol.
Bagels with cream cheese and orange juice :D yummy.
Much better!
Thanks for the RT!
Hats off to Potomac Edison! No power failure during a 24 hour tropical event....outstanding!!
Awesome!! Congrats Claire!!
Working on and Rod's engagement pics from yesterday at the flower fields. They turned out amazing. Can't wait to share
Another amazing Salsa Wednesdays here at Library #ABQ!
"Dancing to Le Tigre may not be enough"
Just found $12 bucks in my backpack. Studying does payoff
And this ballgame is Ovvaaahhh!!!! Sox win!!! Now in first, and 2-0 over Detroit.
Including screen caps with annotations in response to emails.
I-O-U
I NEED AUSTIN
Good night. Ap test tomorrow. :/
Cool! Thanks! :)
in bed, sunburned and worn out, watchin a movie with my ladies :)
“ Extra smooth, green's....early....dass right!!!”
So I have Missouri playing Syracuse tonight. I think I have a future in bracketology.
of course.
apologies for the delayed response! yes we do sell packager separately. did you have any other questions about it?
hello my love!!! How are you??? Xoxo
#26MoreYearsOfGagaTouringWithUs I #HIGHLY doubt that we will be listening to this krazy music for 26 more years.........
Looking to hire someone to make a custom costume ... Any recommendations?
Is it weird that every time I eat pizza I hear the music from the opening credits from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II?
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Tulsa! When they come through drop in say Hello!
My son keeps me up that boy woke me up im talking about my puppy
Gracias Tim!! Have a good weekend!
someone's bday is coming up!!!
I don't always agree with everything you say, but man do I agree with you tonight. Appreciate your rational take on the
So jealous that has 1k but im way more proud, i knew she'd make it :')
“: Tomorrow is TAX DAY & we've got your refund. All orders on Tuesday, April 17 will receive an automatic 15% Discount!”
RT Or has he? Has he quit smoking? Don't know-supposedly sneaks off for a puff still. I know! VET HIM!
always hilarious. Always pitiful.
OKay three reboots and I now have an active feed
There are times when two people need to step apart from one another or break up, but there is no rule that says they have to turn and fire
Thanks. And thanks for the support. You guys (and gals?) are great!
Fake Vs. Real Lets See Who Will Win
Nothing like sushi with to brighten up your mood. celebrate!
How much of grading is an attempt to control the behavior of the student in class and towards the subject content?
Whats the difference between a crack head and a base head? I ask because my boss has GOT to be one of the two....
yeah & so was i sorry if I hurt the baby feelings w/ the name calling
RT : #Sagittarius can have hedonistic tendencies.
RT : Interviewing lots of people. Out of meeting rooms. Saw someone getting interviewed in the storage closet.
I never did send you that draft - wanna see?
AKA eating at Bluegrass Grille?
Did you have a good New Years Eve? What did you do?
it's june 11th! And if you do you should stay at my house!
Ate at Knuckleheads (Downtown) for lunch today. Got "The Chopper" with a side of beans and a Coke. Go see Bridgette at the bar & order it!
dude - what new weather guy? Trout?
Wet N' Wild tomorrow!!! Woohoo!!!!! x)
#Turntoyou is so beautiful Love you my baby
I think I could run that, let's go! #whiteteam=scoutteam4life lol
Try the sea bass
I need to play a show again.
“: time 2 give my pillow some head n my sheets some ass.... lol... this 1 never gets old... it deserves a rt” I hear ya! Gnite
Coffee & Tour de France whatmore can you want.
In honor of opening tonight, what is your favorite Judy Garland standard?
Boy n The Hood OR Don't Be A Menace To Society
prom, open house, best friends birthday, new york city, summer time, college...shit.
Ask your questions!
I make the money but don't let it make me, so even if I go broke niqqa you couldn't break me
I am going to email you. whats your email address?
anyone catch our first live stream yesterday? should we do it again?
Route 21 run 308 bus number 4803. I've got to get home, so why are you behind and stopping at McDonalds for 5 min more?
Poetry is like a really short story, great if you can only read for a little while.
I hate how people say they have freedom of speech, yet get mad when you speak something they don't like. What happened to freedom of speech?
#Wedding #Freebie RT email us now for a free 5 song sample mix! Why not?
i heard u gettin involved with top name producers?? that's wasup but please don't tell me ull b writing secular lyrics?!!!
hahaha you and me BOTH! I'm gonna be there the whole week.....
Why does my dog smell like rain? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> I think it's time to give her a bath...
Extended-Stay Travelers Enjoy Lower Rates for Stylish Carlsbad, CA Corporate Housing
Mayor Gray: “I stand before you today humbled by the oath that I have taken.”
I could wash my hair all day and night with Shampoo and Conditioner.
Just another Manic Monday!
k I'm gonna get a room at the eldorado for free I'm jus working magic right now haha
tired. layin in bed. thank god tomorrow is friday!!!
Can't even say a girl isn't cute without being accused of hating. Her face just isn't my cup of tea
:D ...I LOVE YOOOOOOUUUUUUUU!
I'd love that! We could catch up here or back in NY some time
Just saw the Daytona 500 highlights......
Packed house for #APCAbaby! Now if they'd only bring some water backstage...
Had a great time but I think we made the questions a wee bit too hard…
you need to see the beautiful reds, oranges and yellows of Northwest Arkansas in about 2-3 weeks should be perfect!
How could anyone in the Senate or House sill vote yes on SOPA or PIPA when they have seen how the internet will respond? Swift & harsh.
I know, right?! Love that zebra!
Omg,my timeline is full of this TT : Justin Follow Austin Mahone <U+2665>
Yess all the beers gone!
happy mom's day
Exhausted & headed to bed. 7am comes awfully early here. Back to the wetlands, and then teaching a class on Tidal Pools.
use all caps for AERA
Obama vows to
Americans for Prosperity...Doublespeak... Everything you read in the book 1984 applies for real right now.
Be careful on how you judge based on scars, they make people who they are. You see the ugliness but,its a reminder to what they can survive.
Did you eat amalaya? Cause you're kinda bitter haha.
I'm closing chrome tabs like I'm trying to leave work.
That #DuctTapeIsland episode of makes me want to go buy a gross of duct tape rolls, just in case.
im serious
everybody loves a dashboard!
thanks for coming!!! Always great seeing you!!
RT : "And when I leave...every body come together..." -E. Griffin [I'll be sure to use the full quote on my last day!]
Make sure you include BmoRecycles in your #FF for us! The more people that follow, the more people we can get to recycle!
Just watched "The Vow." I cried like a baby.
I'm convinced that my phone is smarter than many of the damn people I know.
great meeting you last week! just got your message, twitter on phone not working great. have a great weekend!
54% anti-SSM? But 44% of respondents are teabaggers! Surely you don't think that poll actually represents CA body politic...
one talks to much, the other startin to talk too much shit n one jus wont get the message........somebody save me
#JMTmentorCall Melissa rocks!
Im Tony Montana i just bought myself a cougar .
thanks for the retweet !!
morning! How are you? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
mom out of town and dad works late nights ...
Absolutely! We were in dire need of WPSL here and that's why we exist. Giving the girls the 'next level' to strive for.
Only at this dealership - this lady has a big ass dog sitting at the Lexus cafe...
She's looking right at you. So much for sneaking the shot.
I know! I'm sorry lol
Can you link me to the podcast that I did on Pinterest? Thank you :)
You cant be friends after you've cared for someone, at least not right away...
RT : and at the same time, is culturally-based so that our young men and women can preserve our cultures.
Trained clients, photo shoot, back to training clients= one busy girl:)
Come on bears! Kill kill kill!
Dear food poisoning, this isnt working. i think we should start seeing other people.
Everyone affected by these storms, be safe!
miss you man!
You know you're eating a fatty ass burger when you could see you reflection on the bun
it is NEVER to late to do The Wave. Or The Macarena.
- so, a combination love affair and Vulcan mind meld. Party on.
RT "Burning bridges" is normally a bad thing, but if it's a bridge that enables you to access sin easier, BURN IT! -Rom 13:14
So hungry. But don't want to eat.
Dunkin donuts my life line.. I wish I could have a Dunkin iv lol
“: Stuuupidddd!” <--Appreciate it bro!
Ouch. Thanks so much for trying it out for me. That's insanely sweet of you, honestly! Looks like I have to research more. :)
Gorgeous, intelligent, kind, sweet, charming, sexy, hilarious, amazing......well, enough about ME! How are you? ;)
Weird, maybe. I think we both liked it more than the academy.
I need some new tunes.
ohh mkaaay , ah well good luck finishing , I'm on page 9 :(
Derrick Favors is averaging about 16 points and 14 rebounds per 40 minutes in the past four games for the Jazz.
if there's a leap of faith assumption in your business plan, shouldn't you run a quick experiment to figure out the real data?
The footage of the video shoot looks amazing! We can't wait for the release!
LOL. I think I have pink eye. I mean...really?! Who even gets that after kindergarten?!
Your the best cause we think so <3
finish with your plumber and come into the office. It's too quiet in here.
yes I'm standing outside waiting I said this in chat lol
": An #Aries in love, loves to the fullest."
If its not important, put it off for tomorrow; because tomorrow ain't promised, and that was yesterday!
Funny how some act different wen they around their friends like they dont kno who they r. Guess pier pressure still work for grown ass women
Anyone in Ft Worth area? 20 at 35W area?
nothing much. What's going on this Saturday?
it has to be for wine! Otherwise, what's the point?
What do you think of Apple's Announcements yesterday? Much ado about nothing or truly "Resolutionary"?
Up all night with a sad little sick boy. I feel like in this current political climate I should blame someone.
bahahahahhahaha!!!!!!! i know i know i caught the mistake this morning lol
3) There's a limit on the number of foreign players allowed on your team (8 I think)
You go girl! Do it!
Geoffrey Canada says wraparound services are great, but teachers, GREAT teachers are much more important
thanks luv .. make sure to let me kno wat u think !
I would like to undo the trade that sent Hamilton from the #reds to the Rangers for Volquez a few years ago
I'm not judging, really, but eeeew!
aww :( and it sucks cause its actually true for me.! :(
#ytfuquayvarina The F.V. police department arrests and tickets an inordinate amount of people for no good reason which is good for business.
"... the fog is rising." - Last words fo Emily Dickinson
nothing planned yet! Either gunna stay around saug or venture out!
that's what's up! Hope you are well. Much love!
RT : Having a little fun tonight before going to The Bahamas tomorrow with the crew!
Oh man - west coast playoff OT games here in Eastern Time ... fun but not fun
Research and Markets: Romania - Digital Media and Broadband Market Insights, Statistics and Forecasts Contains ...
You know you watch too much tennis when you have the calendar marked for all the tournaments for the next 5 years
Had a wonderful dinner with last night...I love my life!!!
“: The GOP demands Obama campaign repay taxpayers for travel costs. Yeah-right. I want my money back for "Mission Accomplished!"
Follow the homie
Easy cover for Baylor...This line should shoot to -10 quickly. Too Athletic and dominate the boards. Should name the score.
Happy Friday everyone!
that show still comes on? What season are they on now?
get more shirts in stock on the website you shithead!
So tired!!! Must sleep....z
Wow! They just said on CNN that 10% of all photos ever taken were taken in 2011. Does that blow your mind?
you can borrow them.
EUPHORIA -- cabins, no internet access... I think I see where this is going.
Haha, that's fine! Thank you so much!
(and...its application frames have minimize buttons)
Where did the agile/scrum "managed chaos" post go?
More of a college b-ball fan, don't follow pro much, but I respect anyone who has skill, and Lebron certainly does!
TODAY. Station 4! 5pm. Be there. That is all. Kthnxbye.
don't even know how this ish works
"her name is tree" "do you know shrub and bush?!" - Lauren Picado
I did not! it's sitting in my inbox waiting for when I have time, so...
What Steve,Les Deal from Detroit, I am looking for an agent to help my boost my comedy career. Help!!!
Narrating the scene just made my life a whole lot easier. Thanks
Their newest version is 7, and it has features not even found in the full Sibelius. Upgraded yesterday, trying now.
this week couldn't get any worse.
Good idea. I might do a few before bed.
Getting the facts on lyme disease in dogs. Not something I ever want
haha ya I did it twice yesterday 2 but hell I might do it 3 times at this rate :) haha
RT : Here's the long version of the "Phone You Buy 2 Years From Now.." talk I gave at yesterday:...
happy but really sad at the same time , everything will eventually get better .. i hope
If it turns out that Justin Bieber is a girl, then the name ought to be changed to Justine Beaver.
oh and just to forewarn you it's not exactly "legal" so go at ur own pace, however nothing will happen to you soullbefine:)
This sucks so much
Hugo has won all these #Oscars so far, yet no one has thanked Brian Selznick?!?
Goodnight Twitches
lets go
We missed you last week!
Happy birthday to my homeboy !!!
Ladies and Gentleman, your 2012 Milwaukee Brewerz
RT Patterns are like pornography, you know it when you see it
We recently a tweeted about our new social "Friends Mode" feature for CandySwipe being a #gamechanger Now its a promoted trend!
I miss my best friend
Dear Joseph Kristapher Johnson, i love you with all my heart and soul. Always, Cheyanne Brooke Nester HateLies<3Trust
you really believe in ?
RT : Failing fast is part of learning fast. If you knew how to do it already, you wouldn't be where you are.
Thanks for the kind words.
Good morning... mostly. Have a nice cup of Earl Grey Creme at my elbow. Being at the beach in a hammock would be better.
Bulldog Gin great drinks with
no she jus sent in an article
My smoke detector DEMANDED I replace its batteries at 3am. Lovely.
Okay, you are making us jealous. Sounds like a great time!
Am I alone in missing the old, simpler days of Twitter...?
for acting check out the local schools they always need people for independent productions
Owners accepted the offer on our new home/studio/office this morning. Hurray!
Gotta appreciate the love by , he's big in LA, trying to do the same in NY. Great guy and Producer!
I'll just let keep me updated on future festivities.
A girl that can ride it really good Damn! Ha ha
you are a gift from heaven!!
hey Dude !
is having an early birthday party at the atomic on friday.
Peace is flowing like a river! When you ride in the #peaceride -- peace will flow around the earth :)
will settle the matter today.” 4 1Meanwhile, Boaz had gone to the gate and sat down there. And now the redeemer whom Boaz had #Torah 74/9
Yaritza's dumb
good you better boy !!! ;)
And IDGAF if youn like me, I'm my mom's gift!!!
thank you! Great #socialmedia conference.
222nd annual meeting of the American Oriental Society begins today in Boston.
Some teenagers my age are out drinking nd having sex. Then there's me like "I love food"
Congrats!!! RT : It's our 5th year anniversary today! We have big plans for the next 5 years, stay tuned!
he's in A for Oakland
I have 8 more huge events this year,so I am heading to san diego thursday to recharge relax and have some fun, so I will have lots of energy
Live within your means. That goes for anything in life.
guess who is headed to Sherwood Forest!!
; thanks for the replies :) I hope you each have a beautiful day!
lol aite then ! :p tell me something funny <3
My second round #StanleyCupPlayoffs picks, Starting in West,
YEP! Congrats, Lilan!
Alright, back to Beethoven.
I don't need a ride.....if I'm the sober driver you call me if you need me is more like it
5 guided readings due tomorrow for me lol xD! no sleep :)!
Just arrived in DC with Shit is about to get groovy
Lol my #Lakers about to wake up just you wait ;)
U think im playin. ill undress her and start eatin her right there. spice shit up
That Long Phone Call ^...^ <3
no... I feel sorry for you! He was asking if it would make a difference if he used his woods -- that are really made of wood
fresh looks! Appreciate the follow-back. Have a great weekend.
Can we #rent out excess #supply? Gyourko of Wharton.
taking dad out for his b'day brunch...shhh, its a surprise! =p
That one mo hit .... My family... Leading ...never follow.... Impressing ....inspireing.u
November 15 was a VERY good day
Haha same hereRT for april fools they put on the song "friday" for morning announcemts, everyone in the school freaked haha.
A fire loss can result in complex damages because of the unique behavior of smoke. A trained professional should survey the loss site.
Yeah if maybe. I went through 4 years of braces and it was horrible,
we love you too!<3
DAMN ive gotta admit (not to be conceited) but i think that was a good one
I'm hugging Ness, my gator plushie. But I guess I can be kissing her too. :3
Sad....but true.
User experience is everything! How can you be the of your industry? Great things to think about from
Getting some good anecdotal feedback on the blended learning arrangement I have with my senior classes... ah, reflection.
yes we do, what city are you interested in
Call it stormy Monday.
there should be!
thank you:) youre a cutie
all pitching milestones discounted against this M's lineup
Happy Friday! Enjoy this beautiful day!
no... It has nothing to do with your monthly cycle.
Grapes, strawberries and bananas.
Those poor kids.
A day dedicated to phones!
RT : First practice is on Monday August, 22. Pretty stoked about trying new things with my team using R&R from
Cuz thanks 4 hooking me up!
The Hunger Games (2012). Directed by Gary Ross. First time watch. 2.5/4
it's no joke how cool you are either. are you excited for our music video to come out? Thursday at 7pm :)
when do you wanna kick it? we can get naked and dance on stop signs.
A great man once said "Doesn't really matter how you start out yea?" Spike-Buffy the Vampire Slayer lol
Great night! I love my friends!!
Remember another woman's trash is another woman's treasure .. Cater to your man .. Do right for your man .)
Have you decided about tomorrow?? <U+263A>
I should work on my project
me too :3 i wanna hug ya, and ill try to be on twitter more :3 dm me :p
if you want to do biz with somebody you have to stay in your lane if I know everything about making website I would have done it myself
I need someone to hand out some fliers for me this evening for my show...$60 plus drinks...anyone interested or know someone who is??
imma eat n ill be right back to do my Job
Has anybody seen my keyes????
Never let people discourage you.
the thirst and gay ppl.
I really should go tomorrow. Think I'm going to.
Lots going on in Forest Grove tonight: First Wednesday events, student art show at Pacific, and Christmas with the Trail Band concert!
#TheMostCommonLies I got to go. whahaha when really ur like frozen on a chair going nowhere.. O.o :D
You was looking good in RBMS video *_* lol It was great.
The Sun is out today.. I missed this glowing burning antidepressant :-)
way to jinx the brewers during mike heller show. "worse case scenario is supon shuts out brewers and they lose 5-0"
Did you tweet me?
I love that doing what makes me happy makes me the most awful person in the universe. thanks for the support.
Given all of the free outs in this game, are we really in extra innings? Probably only 27 real outs.
A man in the house is worth two in the street.
Ah, that trout...
I love the SyFy channel! #IAmNerd don't judge me! LOL
“: Where do you see the small/medium print shops going? #printchat Focus on core clients make their life easier diversify
laying vocals down.
doesn't have haters, he has motivators ;) right Austin? <33
I will defeat you Rahm! Vote Ol' Floppy Arms for Mayor, it'll be more fun than swimming with a bunch of beavers on ecstasy!
"But you see, Meg, just because we don't understand doesn't mean that the explanation doesn't exist." - Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time
killed the druns yesterday :) that was so raw
Hey,please follow me! I love you with all my soul Austin<U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661> 117
"Another Sunrise, Another New Beginning." -- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Putting peanut butter on my buttermilk glaze donut.
I have to hop off too. Wife is enroute and I'm hoping to avoid an aversive stimulus, gotta get those dishes done!
sorry I'm out of town today but good lookin out!!
Our #AmeriCorps Legal Fellows are at their 4th clinic in 3 days serving #veterans in WA state.
Emo party at your place. I'm having of those nights too. :/
Let's go Lake Show!!!
I love your valentine story<3
Shalom and thanks for following I will follow back
check ya messages
Also, remember multiple position eligible players when doing draft depth! got Michael Cuddyer as a 2B in a league we're playing. Wow
lmao. Can I get a discount on the tail if I take three heads?
Geisha House for dinner before tonights Laker Game :)
Excited to learn how uses MultiptServer in their labs. expect smart &amp; green stuff!
#ASECS12 now the indefatigable Kevin Cope, buckle your seatbelts!
Congrads to team Hendricks and the # 5!! Great job guys!!!
Tonight. Last Minute Trio. Quencher's. 9:30pm. Ben Scholz, Jake Wilson, and yours truly.
“: Welcome aboard Jeff Saturday. I wonder if he will be on the fg unit?” waz up with BGoode?
Love it! We have a field trip to coordinate. Need to get my passport and drinking shoes
so you're naturally evil huh.. I see :)
haha maybe later
Not recognizing the faces on tabloids (and the mags on same rack) is a great part of getting older. Trash media easier to ignore.
you got it backwards miss papers > swishers
#NoHomo the movie Glory always brings a tear to my eye
This Saturday hosts THE OMAHA CUP at #FortressMorrison! 6 teams, but only 1 Champion!!! Be there!!
who are you bro? Do I kno you .
we can join uk's team
Being trapped in the corner of your shower because cold water is running.
no rush at all... finals are just a tad more important. Happy belated BTW.
Idk. I'm so busy lately! Haha what's up?
we dont see tax paying teachers; we see thugs, flag burners, and looters..and leaders who won't say "that was f-Ed up"
In the Dome!!! Ready for some football!!! Go Saints!!! Who Dat!!!
In this life we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love. - Mother Teresa
Good start to the day: my chiropractor asked abt sources 4 his son's school report on slave material culture.
Go Giants!
Religion in politics should be handled like child-molesting priests in the Catholic Church: KEEP IT QUIET!!!
Today was okay, not the best. How was yours?<U+2665>
Observation done! Phew!
Fast forward many years to Otto being the dad of a son who often tries his patience
Is it supposed to rain or something? Because my knee really hurts.
Is a Family Dollar worth more than a regular dollar? If so, can I borrow $3000 family dollars?
I'm generally against making jokes about injured players, but when you do it to yourself, you're fair game.
First day is done! Calories and sugars add up quick.
Carla came to play. Tedd's just happy to be there. He never stood a chance.
“The great question… Which I have not been able to answer…is, “What does a woman want?”.” ~ Freud
why oh why do I forget my cell phone on a day it would actually be useful?
I need a free day to just download music.
the alabama crimson tide?
I can insult my best friend, but if you do you're going down.
How bout my man NOONIE in LF? Caught everything thrown at him but the kitchen sink! Way to go!
D'oh.
Havent been able to access my account but im blessed to have MY FAMILY #TEAM848 AND THE #FANS THAT
constantly moved by the power of human connection. how have you been moved lately?
Aug. 3! AoH will be featured at 8pm & 9pm CT on the "America Sings" program on the Gospel Music Channel! Please vote for us!
#iwca: Whitaker argues shorter rather than longer messages from tutor help writer stay engaged cuz session stays more conversation
Thanks for calling. Geeze.
If you're still up Happy Easter!!!
#ff our friends and Thanks again for the great work on startup alley at EduCause.
Watching on 's see what these guys have to say today.
NO. I think its hilarious
FREE THROWs.
thanks for the mention.
Lets meet real soon! I'm sure you a hottie clientele. Your cousin fared real well on
was one of our first CardFlick Pro customers!
We hope everyone has a wonderful weekend!
headed on road trip with wife tomorrow afternoon; i'll restrict tweets from this account to highlights; follow for details
I know u would
“Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding
White limo - foo fighters
crap! Guess I'll have to rebuy ur ticket on stubhub. Congratulations.
because girls never give it enough attention
Guess its time to hit the hayeyayeyayeay. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
well mabey ur teenage gurl dream will come true soon !
that's awesome. Maybe one of the last times you get to do that. Enjoy!
Pfft. Glad I was notified !
thats so true !
Music truly is mans/womans greatest achievement from cavemen banging on the skin of dinos or wherever... Its al god
Planning an event at 's future polygamy-friendly sub shop in Utah. Save the date. 2/16/12.
we love that you're working to promote world travel. Do you think enough is being done to keep students safe while abroad?
It just hasn't hit me hard enough that its been over a year
Come away with me, darling, I will leave you satisfied, forever past time.
Anybody interested in pre-season tickets to next Thursday's Colts game? $79 tix for $60, section 509...great seats! DM me!
RT : Msp airport is really nice people!! A+ service !
listening to pandora and one time came on.. brb crying
#5bestsmells Harry Styles, Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Zayn Malik and Louis Tomlinson. Never smelt them but there's some thing you know is true
Puppy Bowl was more entertaining
Tyler if your a girl then ima guy
I hope so brotha
About time! RT This marks Freddie Braun's MLS debut.
What are you talking about? Aren't you all the same person?
joey jordinson (the drummer of slipknot)
excited to pay the holiday off and get ready with the girls :)
Although on second thought, I guess it is a danish style beer, right? Was it good?
PLEASE HELP AND RT this to help find missing IU student #FindLauren: twitpic.com/58dxa9
Will do.
Planting Flowers and talking to people who reconnected through my book Lies Told Under Oath. Amazing things happening.
Are we gray again today?? Any hope of this clearing?
I have been a big fan ever since I first watched The Latest Buzz!!:)
that poor homeless lady, she'll probably never own a house, a truck, dog, or a fishing pole. Thats a sad life -dad
I feel great today
DONE WITH FINALS. LALALALALALLALALALALA.
Zach Galifianakis was asked "who are you wearing" and responded "geranimals." Love it!
article done will be up tomorrow
"Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not." - George Bernard Shaw
zucca is my current fav amaro to blend with
If you're in Prague come down to Jazz Dock to see my international band featuring great guitarist Torsten Goods from Berlin, Andreas...
Tht awsome moment when ur brother says he's gonna check out the boyfriend music video :D
Happy #earthday! Did you know that recycling one glass bottle saves enough electricity to power a 100-watt light-bulb for 4 hours?
I was reading somewhere about the significance of those expensive styled-out pens. A coworker gave me one I use daily at the office.
My headphones weren't plugged into my computer completely, so everyone could hear. A feminist podcast. Very quietly. So close to a result...
enjoy your Super Bowl experience bro!! Go Big Blue!! Arrival Boricua! Make us proud!
Bryan Stevenson: Challenge for a healthy community: Liberation by an identity that is created in an honest way.
Storm is my favorite xmen <3
The beauty of vodka is that it looks like water. The beauty of the gym is that you're encouraged to have a water bottle.
what is it??
All 7 runs with two outs
it was on the facebook post!!!
Forever is a WORD not a promise </3
So shocking!
God calls you to things to do a work in you.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!22
Taxi Cab Confession: Hi, my name is Phillip. I'm a NUPE, and I do not know how to tie a bow-tie. S/N: I have 4 hrs to learn b4 this wedding.
Phone with boyfriendd. <U+2764><U+260E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
#Rampage making a late push. Following Jake Herman's first turnover of the season, RI capitalizes on short field, pulls within 17-12
Clearly, one-handed pushups are a whole 'nother beast!
keep your head up & your standards higher.
Jersey Shore BITCHES!
No silly lol": in the rain?"
Legitimately asking "how's the weather up there?"
Power is out in Mt. Royal & Maryland/Charles streets down to at least Biddle. Of course it's also #ub commencement. Craziness!
Picking up the cuz from class, NCAA Hockey Tournament this weekend, we have Minnesota
Greetings and thnx 4 following. cb
There is more logic in humor than in anything else
NFL STARS - Howie Long, Bruce Smith, Ozzie Newsome, Warren Moon, Kellen Winslow, Harry Carson are on Capitol Hill Right NOW
Right now I'm deciding whether to break in to find the incriminating evidence in a private study or the penthouse suite of Golden Hotels. :)
QUIT IMITATING ME. Wait, I have inbox 908. I WIN.
We aren't going CB next pick? Janoris or Trumaine?
Well I guess in the summer I will be alone....just fuck it :-\
white russian chai tastes perfect on an unexpected snowy day! thanks
you aren't late you're just early to lunch
Batter up definitely makes me think of baseball. For some strange reason linking that to flying monkeys got me to frying. :)
Once it changes and the ppl see the false definition lies in values man made valuables then we go back tothedaysofAdam&Evenwejointomandsteve
I'm at a baseball game. Major league bliss.
Hiking with <33 :)
"Shoot Up The Station" by This shit goes so hard.
Thank you sir, I hope to make an appearance in HM one day
Watching and reruns ^.^ best season ever !!
Hell yeah!!! Thanks!! I bought kickball shoes today!
Yup yup you're cute :)
That's awesome. That is perfect merchandising. Which walmart is that?
I'm at lunch trying to get caught up on twitter gossip, hush your trap.
how many times is normal?
add to the buzz , let the twittersphere know how you celebrate diversity in your library this week
yea u my lil gansta nd chink. Heck no r u havin a nice time tho?
Booked a really fun role in a feature!
Just watched documentary The Marinovich Project...wow...filmakers did a great job telling that story!
I want you to be my first, my last, my ending and my beginning
I think I just murdered that tweet by the way...
Jus cuz u have a head on ur shoulders, dont make u smart.
I assume he means heady sci-fi with less Strauss and more action, which is fine, but yeah it sounds tone deaf
since were talking...how are you? :)
In #Spymaster wounding someone is code for EPIC FAIL. I am getting pretty good at it.
Looking to reach economists, computer scientists, earth scientists, biologists, chemists, physicists, engineers, statisticians, etc.
More than 18 hours left of dance this weekend...
Is it pathetic to see the movie valentines day by yourself?
is tomorrow. Kickoff tonight, ready to get my network and inspiration on!
u silly son!!!
Great! Ordered from the on capital and they gave me the wrong order. Now I get to wait an extra 15 to 20 minutes to eat.
Declines in Caribbean coral reefs pre-date damage resulting from climate change
Come on down to Florida! We welcome everyone--crazy or not! :)
Woohoo! Wind in my hair. It's Friday & the ponies are in my future. Lone Star Park & $1 beer nite.
Everyone go follow now haha
thank you!
hey Nikki I really enjoy listening to your radio show on Iheart radio.
Kudos on that major accomplishment! Trying new approach this yr w/ Doodle to allow schools options for signup. Jury out yet.
How lucky you really have it...I sit and wait for to have time for me...never knew it come really feel quite like this
knock it out!!! I know youll make whoever it is very happy
you must host an active game to set pars (DGpy5-gh)
": I want a relationship. A real, pure, loving, honest relationship. I'm not lonely or desperate, I'm just ready."
See you on Saturday!
Join Willamette Writers on Twitter Learn about literary events in the Pacific Northwest!
Definitely need to start on this RFP...Lord help, so tired!
I miss you too girl! And yes we need to make plans to hangout this summer! We haven't hung out in almost a year! :(
As if having strep throat isn't bad enough, my head feels like it is going to explode.
Except where we over-engineer things...
you know i'm in!
lmao never that aha... That's 2 funny well I kno who I'm telling 1st then once I start working Lolz
guess u just love the ladies.
My opinion about you has done a complete 360 after last night/this morning
Do you know that some plants were given non-vegan plant food to boost their growth? ;-)
Lol you already know!
Louisville sucks good win UK weareuk
Live jazz Tuesday night @ Salt Creek Wine Bar featuring The Rose Colella and Dan Effland Duo from 7:30-10:30 saltcreekwinebar.com
Does a sore back cause wildness? Just asking.
“: Everybody grew up knowing some asshole with an acronym for a name #AJ #BJ #TJ” Hahahaha
FINE I'LL DO IT
DPR welcomes Zio's Italian Dining in San Diego to the Diversity Platinum show your card and get a comp order of Cheesey Bread! Welcome!
By the time me and done we gonna have a whole mix tape together lol !!! #NoJoke we stay grinding and working
YES! I am not alone. :)
Every single night I endure the flight of little wings of white-flamed butterflies in my brain.
Learn about social media, online & email marketing campaigns that thrived using personality marketing at
"Mrs. Vanderbilt"(nice 1),"ComingUp", "Silly Love Songs","Arrow Thru Me" --on the non-Beatle tip.
Monica...JOJO 2 pieced her ASS den daryl went fa JOJO n I went for Monica ASS
Sara and wacky have done it and there fine!!!!!!!!
Vibing to that #DreamChasers2 at work with my boy
That text just proved my mom is a hater!!!
Most definitely! Some of skits have me laughin my ass off!": that's def the show to watch lol love Betty White"
we read the Hilton, Ceasar's Palace, and Mandalay Bay are all doing shows. didn't hear anything about Bellagio though.
I watched from season one on cable and was sad when they stopped showing it. That and l word
that's the only explanation that makes sense
RT : Tyler Perry is a genius. His wisdom >>>
and that's totally gets a retweet for being awesome RT : can I follow you again? no, shoot.
I love that :-) Thank you
Can't wait to see in Beauty and the Beast with !
they made that play!!!
@ the Library: I kind of love that last night's Bones' plotline involves nefarious doings via a library's RFID
But I would have starved trying to get enough teosinte in my diet
Going to Longhorn for my birthday!(:
Straight merc'd this hammer. The color combo is so tits.
Omg 30,000 cell phone tickets in #CA alone. Don't talk or text & drive. Get a Bluetooth to talk. Don't text keep your hands on the wheel!
watching movies #aleagueoftheirown always a great night
RT The acapellas just grab me - he didn't sing it if he didn't mean it - "Leave Me Alone" for example.
Madonna....Why Must Tickets To Your Concert Be So Fuckin' Expensive?
Geneva from rockin' a set with another Oakland superstar band called Bells. Oakland's where it's at.
Godby presentation: RDA cannot be rigorously coded in MARC.
Yeah I'm still around, but thinking of deleting all of my social media. Those who matter have my cell number and use it.
Can someone please fill me in on why the Lakers got to inbound the ball after only one Durant free throw? I didn't have the volume on.
Hope all is well hun.
No parties school tommorow:)
hahah thanks! hope all is goign superbly
so incredibly frustrated with micromanaging people right now.
Hope there's room for 2, 'cause I'm in the same (hover)boat.
"Greatness is not measured by what a man or woman accomplishes, but the opposition he or she has to overcome to reach his or her goals."
that can of mace isn't what is keeping the rapists at bay, uggo
i don't have internet
The Daytona is a classic! Great choice.
PILL PILL POPPA!
The University will be closed April 6 in observance of Good Friday. Happy Easter, everyone!
He says "I love you" and you say it back. You both argue and say you love him-her more, but at the end, LOVE ALWAYS WINS.
According to new (and amazing) DNA analysis, we now know that Oetzi the iceman had brown eyes. Science is so fantastic! Very...
I feel like it should be 2013 now. Today seemed that long. Is it okay to go to bed before 8 on a Saturday night? I'm making it. Good night!
Can't wait to get to #nsta, but think I need to upgrade school issued laptop. Right shoulder now lower than left.
Youtubing: Always entertaining to see a young Hugh Laurie as a theater actor
I'll take you out for a drink and change all that. You'll never miss grad school again!
Looking for something wholesome and delicious? Try McDonald's Fruit & Maple Oatmeal or maybe an Egg McMuffin! Both can satisfy that craving!
I am a slave to Christ, I am ransomed by his blood, and I will forever strive to equate to the worth of my purchase price!
DONT GIVE UP GUYS!!!
True. RT I think that depends on the quantity of ads. Too many ads look bad on a blog.
will be performing at this years we are happy to join and help this event! December 17th at Copper Door, Santa Ana
DiMaggio was robbed twice in that game by third baseman, Ken Keltner.
I need to talk to you about something....
Wild Out Wednesday.,! On BET
you know it's true Justin!!!
bait and switch by Southwest airlines. Changed the date on my A list when i was 4 flight segments away. Dishonorable conduct by Southwest
We thank you respecting our dress cod ! #thank you!
Tanner just fell behind my bed, climbed up like nothing happended and layed beside me. He makes me smile :)
hope to see u in Atlanta at the Fanfest June 4th/5th for vid promos/Q&A w/Fink, YRG w/ DDP/Kim+the appearances for pic/autos!
Seeking stories of intern abuse: where an intern should have been paid for their work or where interns were used to avoid hiring an employee
Natural Born Killa
Thanks for the retweet!
Delicious meal tonight at Happy 1st Anniversary!!
Come see us for a sensual experience of food and drink made fresh and raw in front of your eyes.
perfect! And then when you get here, then what?
Sure! RT : What about second base? MT : (Josh Hamilton) would look good in left field for the Tigers
a FriendShip..i let it sink
Flavorless, manufactured, and always leaves you with a stomach ache.
It's a new week! So excited to meet a client tonight so we can start talking about her album!
AC trip to support .
hey soul sister by Train.
#mahonefact Austin's bodyguard is , go say HI to Dave :D
Everybody's doing it! Draw Something username: mark_won
Stewie, we signed you for your defensive prowess!
Everybody wants the world to know their struggles. What about your triumphs???
I didn't think there were fireworks this year?
Last morning working in ParkCity…then headed to the OTC for 2 more great days with
great tweet lol
Awesome! Enjoy Maui!
guess that means you don't have an iPhone. Smh. Lol.
You're one of the winners of our Berlin '36 contest! Look for a DM from us tomorrow, and thanks for the RTs!
me and my friend did a report on you. We were going to do all you guys but my teacher said only one. But I did all anyway.
Really? Tell me more there Joey.
I really don't have a problem if u r a Bieber fan, but if u start acting retarded when u get to see him, man u r the example of a
Meet me at later, I'm in the mix 10 til close …
KEYC - Mankato News, Weather, Sports -Woman who lost Ark. lotto ticket ... - KEYC TV
I hope they don't wall in Const Gardens Rogers/Marvel is really on a roll in DC: first the Ellipse, now Constitution Gardens.
quit while you're ahead and can still drink during daylight hours.
Ahoy- a Schwistersighting. Are we still anticipating a small big announcement, or did I miss it?
I'm usually not the hating kind but I really don't like him!! He don't sound good or look good!! Lol
Weekend plans: Food truck friday at Bookmans Grant, Arts in the Plaza at St. Philips Plaza, seeing the new elephants at Reid Park Zoo.
Tips for Buying Summer Camping Cookware and Cutlery
Melo gettin physical wit the heat. i thot it was a pick up game of street ball the way he playin
the noises in this game my cousin is playing makes me wanna go crazy!
Some of us are just that damn good at math. Also, want to make it difficult for ppl to contact us.
Mitt flip-flops on every single position he's ever held and when Pres Obama refines his position they call HIM a flip-flopper. LMFAO!
Flowers two times in the last month!! :) my bf knows how to make me smile!
#SaveMoney by purchasing from yourself at a discount! Don't pay retail at the stores!
Early morning haircut. Let's see what I end up with...
thanks! I wanna dress it up with charms like your bracelet!
I <U+E022> #Indy but I want to move to Virginia Beach. So many opportunities here and LOVELY weather!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 54
Who's going out tonight?? Ima need some dms
Sean Kingston once signed his name on our brand new counter top at the radio station. No one asked him to. Our general manager was SO mad.
"get into the groove"
UNSTREAM WAS AWESOME I LOVE YOU:) FOLLOW ME?!?!
#sacscoc Student services were never more important, institutions must look at economic impact & how they are helping students to succeed.
was that before or after the tip? ;)
Hey #ABQ ! AlbuKirky rubs & sauce are nowl available at John Brooks , 3301 Coors NW. Coming soon to other JB locations.
Tucked in flannel. Bury Your Dead. Mikem. James. Northwoods. We Win.
“Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
Watching Wrong Turn 4
LOL, Liz. I see people roaming the streets of NY City with nothing to do. LOL
Long agonizing death vs mrsmokey. Gl to all still in
hopefully June 25th?! And idk have you been nice to and megan!?
we are leaving. c: thanks so much! Best gift I ever received!
I called you
Something tragic just happened and many tatertots lives were lost.
everybody know I love my Chrissypooh
i guess we would have to walk a mile in each other's shoes at least...
Then u MUST tweet more LOL This is Twitter Right? I mean I thought..... Oh Hell never mind hahaha Luv ya Girl
i love you plsssssssssssss follow me :((( <33333333333333333333
Love you too! :o) Also: Lot of "OopsyDaisy" & "DaisyOopsy"s on here...maybe it's time to change my name.
Record Store Day! See today at in Carlsbad. 12noon.
Two #sportsbiz meetings in New Orleans, then flight back to Dallas hoping for #Daytona500 TV evening. Head to Honda Classic on Thursday.
We always shed a tear watching our goat walk off into the sunset. Until next year, Bock. Good thing we have 12 Horse to keep us company.
The ink is barely dry on the death certificate of your old camera, and you're already moving on.
he DID say that...and time froze for 20 seconds. Naw, homie...
Good night of Djing now have to get some shut eye and be up by 6am to set up and Dj the triathlon here on Campus
You betta be there Saturday for frost bday RT Lol I'm thinkin it's Saturday
Oh god she likes you too. -______-
Snowed in? A good day for a hot drink and a different kind of read. Try HUMANLY SPEAKING from www.willowmoonpublishing.com.
Finished my spanish homework! (:
Perry makes the Pack the Super Bowl favorites.
RUT Hockey is very excited for #NCAA College Hockey Frozen Four
Oh rain you can stop anytime!
Why don't you just keep your comments to yourself? Nobody care what you think. Js.
Yep, totally Mike here ;)RT: are you the real mike lol (:
But yes, JUST LIKE THAT. (or do I mean "Butt yes"?)
Wishing you all a great weekend and happy weekend. Good night from NYC.
#CNN Hairstylist Vidal Sassoon, died of "apparent natural causes" at his Los Angeles home. An LA police spokesman said. He was 84.
Feeling Blah!
$1 Retro Beer night at The Bomb Shelter! Bring a $10 Bill and you'll be loving life. 1517 S 2nd St
/// "Straight up, from the gate up..."
Hey HM thanks for follow :)
Missing out on a screening of Tarkovsky's The Stalker is like a swift kick in the balls for eternity.
< ago & the positives outweighed the negatives. It was wonderful to see her walk with pride once her transformation was complete
Congratulations on your engagement - that's awesome! Wish you much happiness!!!!!!!
newsletter was so heartfelt - Fly PR has been in business 18 years now - since 1994. Wild, right?!
Gas is $3.50 a gallon. Starbucks coffee is $50 a gallon.
When your boyfriend thinks your a rag doll and drags you down the hall.. Cool
awww shucks! Don't be sorry, I wish I could have gotten to them in time!
Holy crapoli! I only need a few more followers until I reach 1000. Will you be one of them?? I will give you a cupcake.
not necessarily, the programs are run separately from the prison by local or even online/correspondence courses
I hear ya! RT The only thing I hoard is browser tabs.
Oh crap, that's right. Josh Groban is coming in if you're feelin' a lil less rock and roll. eh? eh?
The 'throw away slogan' 1) "Take things one step farther by not doing them."
I follow so many with no followers
Oh dear, just did mini-inventory of all the blog entries I have to catch up on... What a mess! Please keep me accountable, friends!
Fight on! RT Why is my No. 1: We simultaneously just emailed each other about Matt Leinart's birthday.
Just sent you an email about West Philadelphian musician named Gull doing a project in E Africa. Love W Philly Local!!!
happy birthday yo
What a stupid foul call.
Hey me and matt have to tell you something...
ABCs of digital photo organizing: Album, Backup, Can (yes, still trash!!)
working on it:) The patience will be worth it. We're about to put a sampler up of all our current work. Spread the word pleasee
yeah, but I don't see why its impossible
#thatawkwardmoment when you see a bunch of tweets from people you don't remember following... •_•
haha no worries i gotta meet pam anyway, we gotta catch up soon tho! see u in class
Left over olive garden. nuff said.
Happy birthday Selena, jk you're disgusting.
awesome to see you in... Def stop by soon- lots of good stuff on the way this weekend
Just signed up to bring dessert for a fall-themed office potluck. Ideas, anyone? Apple galette? Coconut-sweet potato pie?
Had a great night with (: I like you so so much baby(:
certainly will be a gap between what MU2 requires and what patients fear. and fear is a driver in attitude and action.
Best. morning. ever.
The Lord Is The Only Way Out...So Take That Way..While You Still Have Time..
#FF i'm going home in a while
Do you have a friend who's birthday is coming up? Bring them to dine with us, for a nice change of pace.
Bogost: "So much of Object Oriented Ontology for me is a reclamation of the sense of wonder lost to us from childhood."
Thanks to Brooklyn Animal Action today, a wounded kitty found on Eastern Parkway will have a better life -you guys are heroes!
Great catching up at Purple Door Tim. Can't wait to hear the new album!
Life is much easier when it's broken down into exp. points
Haha he tripped into him
Hey Lelya.. glad to see you on Twitter. ^_^ I do tweet more about origami via Thanks for following me!
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps
HI, We're a Voyager library.
Okay! Thanks! (:
I'm good to go Shell. How much is it?
Even after my walk outside with , I'm still cranky.
To many Girls want Attention not enough want Respect !
I cut my football teeth on watching Unitas. Oh the stories I could tell. I cried like a baby when he passed.
you got that right...hell I doubt most in the office here would know what it stands for and they are "archaeologists"!
together or separate? Either way, yes, yum-a-roo!
Mullahs in Iran to execute former US Marine accused of being an enemy against God, highest crime in Islamic law. Is this the 21st century?
you guys rule!
Ok but just remember that Marry Poppins invented #gamification. Are you ready for the augmented reality room-cleaning app?
weird that it didn't tell you it was a draw too..
Vogel: Next time you want to keep telling the Pacers to play like the Mavs, make sure it isn't THIS YEAR's Mavs team, sucka
Congrats to and Kentucky. The way that team played together was something great to watch.
stuck behind a couponer, i think this is what hell is like.
haha its totally alright
Choices from your past WILL effect the future & ONLY GOD can use those choices to BRING HIM GLORY!
I think you're saying you hate me
found out that cost of parking at will cost around $230 in Jan. compared to which was $15. Anyone know an alternative?
U must b as accurate as a quantum computer must u not? Anyway, I hope your problem is resolved
Are you Gunna eat your tots?
#teamfreak #teamfollowback #horny yeah that would be sweet!
Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing.
We are! RT : Happy 128th Annual Meeting Day! Who will be joining us for lunch?
Matt Flynn to Seattle -- 3 years, $10 mil guaranteed
Did everyone take advantage of our half price Twitter offer last night? Check in often for more cool Twitter offers !
ah spider help my night and amir *Peaches Babiie*
hope you like the app!!
ALWC invite your friends and family and let's all pray today that Gods spirit would draw people to Him like never before.
who knows how many...the pilots were so drunk they never even noticed.
#ROC news channels would it kill you to report good news about #kodak once in awhile?
Hey uhm thanks I guess? Haha
Pics from last Friday going up in a few in the #MMENights tumblr page
thanks buddy! We tried again today with no luck. Holler back :)
Those strange days where you actually look decent.
I think should cut your hair!
Best way to pass time in a terminal: score study the classics.
enjoyed chat and thx for RT
Up Early in #Pittsburgh watching the last Space Shuttle Landing
Just had made out with a dolphine lmao. O_o But anyways i named him tim, He looked like a tim. <3 im inlove with him. ~Summer <3~
Does it expire? That's what I was wondering. Or is it good anytime? It says "take advantage of limited offer."
Thanks for listening
I will never fall in love again. :-(
Thank you! So sweet:)
Today is the last day to sign up for the #zone #paleo challenge! Come in early to get your measurements & pic taken. Call us for more info!
You got life fucked up.
would post formats/icons make it too busy?
Steve Blake look like the lizard Rango -__- with his gay ass
in general, if there's always a line, you should try it :)
Breakfast in Kingman!
Dorel Home Products Julia Faux Leather Futon with Cupholder- leather futons
A minister has to be able to read a clock. At noon, it's time to go home and turn up the pot roast and get the peas out of the freezer.
Forecast for Tonight: Mostly cloudy. A chance of showers and scattered thunderstorms in the evening. Then a chance of...
has snuck into my top five all time list
if there was a worst dog award, my dog would win it.
Hey, you could submit that to the Washington Post - they have a contest like that every year for "new" words and definitions.
"You're in your Kia Rio, and then that song comes on. The one that makes you roll your windows down…" SPOTIFY ADS ARE THE WORST
I'm playing with my shiny new content management system right now...
“: You send them joints bro?” Check ya email
as much as I miss working at VC, I'm happy to be done with the bullshit. That place is ridiculous at times...
Boker Tov! What part of morning prayers, if you do them, resonated w/ you today?
today is National Honesty Day? well, honestly, i don't give a fuck what day it is.
Dear hipster, your ability to quote people doesn't make you "deep", it just means you know how to copy and paste!
RT : Come out For Adlers Fish Fry...the best! come early enough to enjoy Happy Hour from 3pm to 5 pm and get great drink specials!
you were awesome! :-) don't even worry about it!
Wrote about the religious practices at the Temple of Karnak.
yes, but I told you'd I'd come even if the bouncers tried to keep me away. :)
Keep drinking Matt. Probably a Good idea.
you're welcome. Can't wait to see you!
BlackBerry Bold 9780 Now Available from T-Mobile USA
#5: mobile all the time: Zite + JoliPrint + neu.Annotate + Dropbox. Never said it would be easy.
Also, my apartment needs air conditioning. Or I need to get a fan. And blow that DIRECTLY on me cus I'm always hot at night.
I was born in PDX so I was always a Blazer fan. I love the Clippers too because they used to be in San Diego
I can think of nothing more divinely sensual. A chip that doesn't need a dip is the best chip indeed.
Wanted u bad
killing? What are u watching, game of thrones?
Since I'm home sick from school today, I guess I should catch up on watching .
Ahh love. I suddenly have that Christmas spirit
#GM Twitter and s/o to my new followers! ;-)
Exclusive: Coke adds billion dollar Chinese brand to portfolio
I KNOW!! Too bad. I'm going to search for another show to get addicted to in meantime. But, ya know, nothing's like Nikita.
Bought a PS3 Slim. Almost time to quit worrying about breaking the jet engine.
decided im treating me and my son to a trip to either puerto rico or Bahamas what yall think?
Random fact about me- I say One Direction everyday even when if doesn't make any sense. :)
smh its okay not ugly over here lmao
Next person to call me "fat baby Jesus" gets stabbed in the DICK.
It's every kind of person you could think of, and as i stand in it, it is still growing.
Season finale of Vampire Diaries <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
thanks for the shoutout! :)
Greg Tate's "Growing up in Public: Amiri Baraka Changes His Mind" is basically one of the most entertaining send ups of an idol ever.
take a chance, roll a dice
looks like ill have to set something nice up for the girls!!
At any rate, my relatives are just thankful that I have something which might be described as "gainful employment."
better do your research!! :P
it's a great day to be at Fenway--enjoy!
#ASTD2012 In Tim Ohai's session "Sales Enablement, Fad or the future ofsales"~amazingly insightful discussion on what sales enablement means
Eat clean, train dirty.
Bold and the Beautiful is a silly show, people who watch this have wild imaginations
Whoa, just scored 111 points in Scrabble on 11/11/11! Freaky!
You type as if hes not doing what he loves enjoys traveling the world & singing to his fans.He's at his prime
Oh yeah that sucks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
If you are not going to do it different...don't do it at all!!
What to do today ? Hm..
Wear blue TODAY in support of child abuse prevention and awareness!!
7 days, 4 tests, 1 screenplay, and 1 TV show final production stand in my way of Bamboozle. I can do this.
who do we have to be to receive God's answer to our prayer?
3,000 miles from home at a business conference, and *still* I have dog hair on my clothes.
Home from practice
Someone wrote all over this girls car and put balloons on it asking her to prom. AW.
What is my luck
M*therf*cking mother gets on my nerves
All This SubTweeting , AT THEY TWITTER NAME SO I KNOW IT'S REAL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Tomorrows gonna be dope
Thanks for the mention, !
its cool but thanks anyway look out for our new stuff
F*ck you Packers!
Best way to work! ;) RT : planning on spending the afternoon , working on homework w/ a White Elephant :)
Sitting in the drug testing place...they talmbout a 45 min wait to
Correction. There are no 5th-set tie-breaks. My bad. Winner by two! Apparently, my sledgehammer didn't work.
be back later!
thank you!
Turned out alot better then I thought they would! Can't wait to use the pictures! Thanks
sucks, right? What if you bought tickets?
Follow my friend she will follow bak
ha i tried sendin u my numb but its like sayin fuck me u cant send her ur numb
Thanks for the RT. Such a powerful read :)
I work with the to get them recognized and on TV!? Did you see them on The Amazing Race?
My heart is full this morning!
CashMoney was BigTymers,Hot Boyz N each individual member. ALOT of music
Thanks for the RT
Pfft you're only human...
Thanks for sharing!
you are welcome
Oh yeah! we go all over the place! We have been to Danville Franklin Fishers and everywhere around!
Listening to old school and doing homework
pooey :( captain america is bloody fit
I had no idea Rob Lowe had made a career change to sports reporter!
Watch LIVE: about to interview about advancing in the Portland Mayoral Race.
Just saw #TheMostExoticMarigoldHotel was so lovely! I adore #MaggieSmith #JudiDench and
Crying myself to sleep bc I didn't get to see tupac at coachella
Super moon covered up by clouds.
Give away more smiles, more hugs, more pats on the back, and more encouragement. Lord knows we all need it! Go Viks!
in a related note, desktracker reporting feature is a nightmare.
lol...I'll see if it's on Netflix
chillin chillin, we gotta get up now that I'm back home for a while!
It is such a dreary day here! What happened to sumy Spring fever, Portland? Even the natives are complaining
Headache still here, not as bad & mann.. I am tired of sleepin!! What to do.. What to do??
but u have to admit, when Dylan's dad blew up in that building explosion...no one saw that coming!
we met 3 years ago, and never would i have ever thought it would escalate into this.
Off to the Bay Area again, but another tight trip & full slate of meetings. If you're around & I get a break, I'll let you know.
Rest In Peace Jack LaLanne. One of my heroes and a remarkable life.
Snookie. New poster child for abortion or what?
Great words for kids whose parents abandoned them "The past has no power over the present moment." — Eckhart Tolle.<U+2730> .¸¸.* <U+2730> .¸¸.*
I think fitch moved out of Michigan. He has left me alone and so far no one says anything about him. Grit seeing you too!
you guys made my day with that this morning. hahahaha im still laighing
fuck you , go burn !
Few TV shows make me cry on regular basis, but #onetreehill has always made me think, feel & cry. Great show! cc
New Macy's at Southridge=Lame. I ea really excited for a new, awesome Dept store in the MKE area.
Anyone know of extended work on Griffith Jones and the Welsh circulating schools? Only found couple tidbits...
Yes! Our colors will be purple and silver. And our first dance song will be.. Barbie girl.
Lmao Awww ": Im over all this FUTURE lol still in my feelings"
Ha Ha RT : yes it was a crazy big donut one of my coworkers ate. There were more in the box...
the key is to do small things with great love.
This Kourtney and Kim/Kardashians marathon on E is not good for my productivity...
#Letsgoooo! Wrapping up photoshoot & interviews with cast of film "Recognize" w/ Behind the scenes footage by
i just finished working. debating whether or not I can stand to join the dinner party my bf is throwing downstairs or if i'm out of energy.
Looks like Randy Hopper's found work.
Hello... Hello... Is this thing on?
Max Payne 3 came out today, Battleship comes out Friday, this is going to be a good week. Call me a lame, i don't give two fucks.
thanks for the kind words! Would love to chat - send me a note at Jess (at) dabble.co
Ghirardelli chocolate ice cream , I just died
catch myself and doing some promo work #ForMyCity all over the Chi
At the Aragon waiting for the Yeah Yeah Yeahs.
Thanks. :D Here's hoping for all kinds of good things.
The only thing on ma mind
Mind racing
Of course. Hope search In CT for stolen Art is not another wild goose chase!
If you haven't tried the rhubarb galette at , you really should.
TEXT ME
you know what? screw it lets do IMAX 3D on Thursday night, I won't be able to swing friday night
": The school bookstore wouldn't buy back the textbook they made me pay $200 for. #firstworldpains" STORY OF MY LIFE.
YES.! I MADE IT IN TIME FOR THE WANTED
No shh I love you
For that, I have to revoke your friendship privileges for the next 5 seconds.
I'm sure you do lol. How is Vegas?
One day ill fully understand human behavior. Until then... Its fun trying to figure out people.
anybody want to buy my Dave Matthews Band ticket from me for the concert in The Woodlands on May 18? $45 for a lawn seat
- LOVE U MI AMOR
ahahhahaha me too
SUSTAIN the App.. coming soon!
thanks Jasmine! :) i'm feeling inspired/invigorated--or maybe that's just the coffee talking.
I dig my toes into the sand; the ocean looks like a thousand diamonds, strewn across a blue blanket.
how do these topics even get started? what a perfect example of women perpetuating patriarchy.
#raw10 u r Ghetto if yor curtains is old bedsheets. Spiderman is shootin a web @ an old pee stain.
you haven't been on twitter long enough for people to answer your silly questions either...
I'm so bored. I need to talk to someone. DM or something. Somebody
I'm 100% w/ u girlfriend. Can't wait to see the new u, and show u the new me. Xo
Happy Hump Day! RT if you wish it was Friday!
Why the heck is Swamp People not on tonight??Pissed!!!!!
it a rain day in florida
thanks for the RT and I love me some Patrick!
The creator of christian mingle going to hell
Exactly right. Thanks for checking.
call me fam
Welp goodnight folks....
Predictions?! Well I know we bouta save some lives! Haha, Can't wait to see what happens @ end of season tho
ISO a Developer, I have an exciting idea for a new Twitter #App, plz contact me. [Must have experience with the Twitter API]
If you're going to San Francisco in February please 'like' this post. I'll be at the RSA SecureWorld conference too!
I had a great Reuben at today. I should have instagramed how cool it was. But I was too hungry. So I ate it.
correct URL - WIN TWO tickets to the Desoto Jazz Festival - visit Facebook page and click on the icon at the top of the screen...
that's all she wrote
You know, the trouble with being the best man at a wedding is that you never get to actually prove it.
Haha aw thanks! I just might. :)
what SD musicians, bands, DJs, concert venues do you LOVE? email me at . top answers to be published in our june music issue!
please follow me I would be so happy! Please b my 300th follower u would make my dream come tru!
please tell me you didn't leave without me ;)
Looking at my Disney World pictures from May and wishing I was there right now!
RT : Don't forget to RT me today. Only 35 more followers until I give away a $500 gift card to one of my fave followers! xx
Sports history is one of my favorite things ever!
I REALLY wanna see you guys cover Justin Biebers song "Boyfriend". That'd be amazing. :)
RT : Mark Halperin says Jon Huntsman still has a chance. In other news, Mark Halperin knows nothing about politics. Nothing.
just got attacked (mass following) by spammy Twitter accounts, so obvious and still they seem to be around for days
Without strong, vibrant, healthy people, there can be no healthy family or healthy community-Burgerville. TRUE! Eat there 3/29 % sales to UW
*Intermiss: Just saw an outstanding piece choreographed by Rennie Harris!! I remember those early Philly performances of Rennie Harris & Co
thanks lady!
I need a job #being broke sucks
Watching #TopShot...I wish there was a #TopSmoke...I'd win that competition !
yup I update cydia installer and now cydia will not come up
Glad to hear that you came out unscathed! :)
Aw Lil mama mentioned the (:
If I can't participate in all the fun this weekend, I'm glad it's cold and raining on you bitches!
tell Ms.Morris i said Happy Birthday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
: Delicious #Organic Treats for a #nonprofit #cause. Devour their "Just In Thyme" Lemon & Thyme cup & $1 goes to
My sisters honestly the most annoying person to ever walk this planet
The largest cell in the
youre right it's not funny. It's hilarious
Well, that's exciting! But, would have been pretty cool.
BITE YOUR TONGUE RT I honestly keep forgetting Beyonce has a legit fanbase
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you.
We have to say we are so proud of the US women's soccer team!
Months of work, I'm sure. I went to the link and got distracted by the headline "Chicken Man's house explodes"
im going to tell. lol.
It is killing me not being Austin this year for SXSW....NEXT YEAR!
That's okay. If - if we hit anything, the engine will explode, so you know, it's better if you're thrown from the car.
Can’t believe I still got that hat… umm
That was pretty intense, and a great raw, I can't wait for extreme rules!
What do you do when you show up early for a TV interview? I'm reviewing my talking points in the car of course.
Institutionalized racism is still in every fabric of American society, we have to understand why.
Really looking forward to attending the Open Mobile Summit in November
Hi! Thanks for hosting!
lol! what a beautiful chicken wrap
Now I can use yousendit...if I can, I KNOW you can!!
BREAKING NEWS: Johnny Jolly released from prison.
Today just isn't Tuesday, it could be a new day 4 u, take the win.
I really could've used your most recent post a couple months ago.
Can't wait to get my autographed copy of #networkingdiary tonight from
Shopping downtown(:
Balancing a large coffee, my taxes and a boarding pass. Here we go.
next time you will have to get me some as well if you stop by
I smell a bonfire!
could you please tweet me?!? I love you so much and its my dream for you to tweet me! :)
I have some questions about jobs & certifications. Husband is losing video/audio job. Should I use contact form on your site?
I get to see you in about two weeks!
I like being alone but i get lonely moments too
Bum fuck indiana... Sounds like something that should be on the internet. A real absurd reality show
RT : Profs are often said to resist opening up classrooms to outside world. My experience: students resist it even more
you guys watching the baby in two weeks? You can have make her up. :-)
#raw10 I applaude our US Troops. We the Public dont understand the Freedom they provide 4 us. But, who can help TI keeps His?
hows life?.......... and what song were u talking about on FB?
Happy Birthday ! I wish all the best, and that all ur wishes comes true. Love you. -Babi
": I love my twitfammmmm <3" <--- we lobe you to!
ASPCA: Bronx Woman Arrested For Neglecting, Starving Seventh-Month-Old Pit Bulls
All I know is that Chuck Norris knows something.
Am I actually funny to other people?
i cant spell -.-
Well come on in and see us.. we don't bite ;)
and i just found a sweet new band: Autre Ne Veut- thanks !
nice meeting you and your gf at How much...Mr. Foster? at North Shore...check out my take on the #mff2011 so far!
Do I get a super secret spy pin or handshake or something?
I gt chased by a bird on the riverwalk sat..... fucking Texas Animals!!!
You best be kidding!!
haha, I know -- funny, right? I don't always follow my own advice, but I do my best. :)
- I've never seen premade! This is so easy & quick, though, you'll never even look at the premade again. :)
I'd say Sebastian Janikowski lives the high (fat) life. Makin a few mil and kicking a ball once in a while.
Oh, Cowboys, how I've missed you <3
#NYR need to come out flying on Monday
ok thanks
got it in writing! Next month then... #secretstairs ;)
true on all accounts.
Oh yeah!RT : DRUGS
OMG My Crush Jason sat on my Lap at lunch nd held my hand hdyujxnuxhcdx -DEAD- :)ILYShawty<3
At the Mavs game!!! Court side!
I always need to be doing something , i hate being left alone with my thoughts
"Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart." -Winnie the Pooh
Hey Long Island. Get your Business Out on the Internet to Hundreds of Thousands of Customers! Only $99 a year for a showcase ad.
totally been a minute; how are YOU doin
i do!
love you <3
I So Net To Get Ink'd Up <3
Bleu Patio is Rockin already. Come get some!!!
followed me today...that's like...a celeb following me. Eat that all you ppl who hate me bc I'm socially awkward!
AlbertEinstein: We owe a lot to the Indians who taught us how to count without which no worthwhile scientific discovery could have been made
Wizards vs. Bucks, Taco Tuesday, does it get any better?
do it. I'm in too.
I have to take F.C.A.T today can u WISH ME GOODLUCK PLZZ it would mean ALOT to me
Toys know too much...They see too much LOL
I actually like it!!...I love AJ Green, plus I don't trust Marshall or lynch...unless if Peyton goes to MIA.
#Dolphins draft key #3: The cheers on TV after Dolphins picks are deceptive. The draft is in New York and they are Jets fans celebrating.
Cautionary love, forbidden love, there's a pun there somewhere...
Big huge, whoppin thanks to my two new followers, and
The problem isn't even that those fools think Obama is Muslim. It's that they will use that as a reason to discredit him & not vote for him.
scares me that you know details of pretty in pink so well. i think the hair was actually part bed head, part "less than zero".
Looks like Aaron is going home tonight....how does Micheal survive when he was originally voted off 4 weeks ago and the judges saved him?
tight game but honey badgers took the W
Who lives in #palmbeach or #delray ? I want to connect with my constituents...DM me and let me know what your concerns are!
yup getting married on the 18th in Destin. We leave on Monday :)
thanks boo <3 :*
I Can be a Frog
Thanks for the follows and !
Give our Camp Randall store a call and they can help you out! 608-256-9499
A Future OF with the names Xavier Avery and LJ Hoes would be bad-ass..
I finished my song last night!!! =]
And thank u! Yep. Mercer Island Half Marathon to kick-off the year! Any upcoming community events?
Awesome Halftime show. Madonna did an awesome job!
Ty. Ya still some left. Think half of it is sold but don't know for sure cuz 2p2 is down. Will dm u link when I get to a comp
7 am waking up in the morning gotta hit snooze so I don't wake up
no my momma won't let me leave I just had surgery :( :( :(
“: Hey mizzou fans. Shut the fuck up. Where did you make it. NOWHERE.”
#why #not #make #every #word #a #hashtag #all #the #time?
tryna step my twitter game up lol, can a nigga get some followers? Im finna be famous yall...
I agree. We will be there May 12 - 23 to celebrate our grandson's first birthday. Hope to visit some wineries; maybe the river.
me too. I loved mediafire. :(
aw yay! thank you so much :). I am so glad to hear that
Just got one of those "you can tweet but can't text back" messages. Uhh... Yeah. When I say leave me alone I mean it.
Get me to 50 and i'll give you some throwaway stuff....GET ME 100 to get a real deal freestyle!!!!!!!!!
OH ME, OH MY, WE HAVE FRIES!
ALL MY WEST COAST PEOPLE TUNE INTO FOX FOR MOBBED
well you make a good point there but yeah I don't know depends on ya know the time
When is someone going to open a Chick-fil-a in NYC? It's one of the must eats every time I go home to see my family.
I hope you typed this Tweet while you were NOT driving & observing the terrible drivers
I want my China Doll look back just for a while
I just texted youu back babe! :)
oh cool
that's great! We have spent a ton of time in the gym since seasons end. He's working so hard. Different player than a yr ago
In love with the person you pretended to be...
ringring!! HEllo??!! Hi Hayley!!!, it's #mofones! Thanks so much for the follow!! xxxoxoxo!!
nah I only bought one /: but yeah I'm gonna do rocker make up too.
of course you can use it - JY
Super tired o:<
Anze is Super!
Add me on Skype "evanam" and on Facebook /EvanAMartin.
follow and we dont mess with lames lol
"She must be single! Look at all of the crinkle cut fries!"
REMINDER: Your taxes must be submitted &/or post marked by midnight TONIGHT!
a fellow Encinitas guy in New York. Wurd!
@ OK Cuhhh If This Is You ....
Gotta finish my page, Geometry test. My two most pressing things today.
that is so very kind of you to direct all issue to chris and I!
Stamped Concrete Info Staining Concrete Floors Follow Us !
to clarify, the original tweet was not a debate topic, it was an opinion that you decided to argue upon,
In my world all of the guys from 1D are appreciated ! I love them all equally <U+2764>'
Yes!!! RT : I'm good workin!! You gotta come to one of my dinner parties with your girls and see what I do ;-)
oh okay but draw it fast!!!
Happy Belated Cinco de Mayo to you... or we could say Siete de Mayo? :-)
didn't lose because of Granger though..gotta make adjustments on D. PNR feat. Nelson/Anderson & maybe want to locate
Nice score is a score!
Friday night boys "finding me out" sounds just like a mix between and Oh snap! :3
I'd like to give a Shout Out to Obama, the one term president. Today marks the end of his relevance. His utter clueless, careless remarks.
find out and tell me so I can buy them :3
haha your bio said you know you like it, I said I LOVE IT
thanks...will be a great weekend. Hope you have a great one too.
"You've got seven individuals who are walking the street, who basically got away with murder" - Steve Heisler, Simmons' family atty.
No sound yet on live stream - just a long beeping sound. Hope that changes!
Awww, you're welcome! Hope you're having a great weekend!!
Celebrating today with a nice walk, gratitude, dinner w/friends, & Small Craft Warning uber-pils. Life is good.
One does not simply pronounce it "Lew-is" <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I'm ready for the sexy photoshoot pictures (;
ya, duh! that is called "par for the course"!
BREAKING NEWS: Former Packers kicker (and my wife's favorite) Ryan Longewell cut by Vikings.
!!!!! RT : It's depressing falling off w| someone that gave u good head
mix of the mardi gras mash (tastes like hawaiian punch!) and electric lemonade. deeeelish. gluten free!
i cannot fucking wait for carb day
I guess they were underdogs after game 5 in boston in '10.
dont forget about our Covenant Wine Tasting Event taking place this evening 7:30-9:30 with Wine Maker JEFF MORGAN THE CASK
Back n the sky I go..pushing back Jenolo #release 2 next weekend #sorry but want 2 make sure everything is #100percent good
Sending my love from Savannah.. a well needed and deserved weekend away from all of life's stresses.. worries and heartaches...
Stayed up just so I can say happy mothers day to my momma,also its my first mothers day so im pretty happy lol :)))
Okay folks, more shows are coming up this weekend so I hope to see you!
Happy Leap Day! Visit the Third Ward and find fun once-in-four-years sales at , , and more today!
Anyone else seeing an onslaught of spam accounts following you on ? They have ~4 boards, 75+ pins & blank Twitter profiles.
Thanks to all of you who checked out my app "All About Sounds". Ratings appreciated!
is on David Letterman tomorrow night everyone tune in!!
thank you sis. Thank you for your blessings!!! I am a college student, not teacher lol. And it's my final week having 5 exams :(
I thought all of #RVA's cougars were at Cafe Cattura?
Get those big fellas goin inside!
I don't necessarily agree with everything I say
hey dude
Rise of the Planet of the Apes in early childhood
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
we coming for that bread, ski mask on, wake up to the hammer say wassup
.Hahahah, well thanks!(;
bahahaha I bet there are a bazillion likes on there
Da crib bro bro
woo! Zahraa was here cunt. c; <U+2665>
Take this world and give me Jesus.
im almost to 1000 tweets. oh joy ha
New profile picture. Amateur photoshop skills on my CS6 beta photoshop. See me by the highway with sign: "Need $ for software"
couldn't agree more... Kind of anticlimactic
Batman comics all day at work..
It would be awsome if Mr. Bennett noticed as well. Or maybe one day work for Mr. Paulsen or someone else in Cali or be an
What a clever choice of words- please tell me it wasn't deliberate! But it had to be. Sorry but too funny.
Oh no :( We're working hard to get more cars out!
Sometimes a random encounter totally changes your life
so i attempted to watch the human centipede 2...never seen anything more messed up in my life. damn
I love the idea of a "code camp" or "developer's weekend" as a possibility that kept coming up.
uhfjadhfjadksdjhfaksjd i CAN'T
We're free until 1 PM on Sundays, so it's a great time to come ceck out our Spiral Resonance land art.
Aye. We got that bao.
Good Morning Everyone!
Last act of the last Ross in the Royal Theatre! Here we go!
Even tho COD bl Ops is six months away, kno that if you want it early...it can be yours!!!!! U can be the one with the advantage this time!
lol stop playing with me chanel
heart of dankness is an ambitious non-fiction book (if I say so myself).
Ok, I've had my nap. Round 2.
Ahh. My bby answered my question.
Aight, I'm a be good! Lmao We have to get up soon for the spring/summer : LMAO!!! I can't with you today Deb. OMG!
Lost Brian Lahair...
the world doesnt revolve around you. so get over yourself and come back to reality.
He just took it too damn far
One thing that a female really hate is a grown broke nigga.
Hey Austin, I joined yesterday... Im a new Mahomie!!! Just so you know <3
and congrats to you. Sorry about the traffic
I thought Peter Jurkin had a real SHOT at making the #McdonaldsAllAmerican game.
Don't like working out... Go #dancing!
Way to go, Celts!!!!
To Do List Today: Run 5M; Write 500+ words; Fold 5 loads of laundry.
Never Mind I found the number.
Thinking so much about so little
I no longer use Hotmail. Please bookmark my new email address:
I saw Dark Shadows a week ago someone go with me again I'm having post Johnny Depp depression
Thanks. Hope things are well at the new job. Let me know when you are going to the next ONA meetup
I"m a big Joshua fan, but Skylar was the most entertaining to watch. I really wanted a Josh/Skylar finale. Still bitter.
then stop hating him and you'll get better! ;P
“Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.” - Seneca
yo man happy new year. Hope all is well
Sadly true, it seems. And Heinekin at that. 007 used to be spy thrillers. Now it's explosions. Best Bond is OSS 117 from France.
Hazelnut coffee & Great way to start off this December :)
nice! It's only right around the corner now!
only orange available on site...update? Want blue..or lavendar or taupe.. Bravo for coolest
FOLOW ME PLEASE I LOVE YOU SOO MUCH AND I DID FOLLOW FOR YOU! <3 biggest fan!
one more week until i turn 16 (y)
Getting #drunk while being #sick seemed like #agoodidea ...
OKC TAKING KOBE OUT THIS YEAR
no im 25 no kids stay in vegas from cali im a certifed nurse asst
Guess whose back
Past. I love you with all my heart and I wanna be with you so bad. Time will only tell when your ready to open up to me and be mine.
Giuliana, Bill Rancic: Baby's Arrival Is "Sneaking Up on Us"
oh gotcha. Wow the traffic!!
Just discovered LyricPlay from Shazam! Now I can karaoke with the right words!
Spelling every lie you spelled before (8)!
does #tagcrazyipad get you more chances 2 win?
Last night in St Louis was seriously one of the most fun shows we've ever played. Thank you guys so much!!!
All the judges on #thevoice are high tonite
I TRIED HITTIN YOU UP BRUH
cannot stand a dude that stand and walk like a ballet dancer..that shit is not hard whatsoever!
I weighed in and gained 0.8 lbs.
Wassup T Swift
I need my bestie.
So excited to see the project being built next door to me! How exciting!
Semester nearly over, and it was a brutal one. Have to use this month to plan better. In other plans, will be starting a beard on 12/21.
It's comforting to know I can look at your posts and just laugh at the funny ones. Even if I am just waking up, too.
I think my entire registration fee went toward this high-quality
you haven't tweeted me in a while...i'm sad. D;
#nowplaying Wayne Escoffery and Veneration, "The Sake of It."
send us a note at with what you want to order and we might have something for you! :)
Two games down. 4 points. The sure thing turned out to be a 6-6 draw. Ouch.
thankss April(: & my day is going wonderful, I hope yours is even better<33 love you<3 Xox
You know you love this life
union rags,alpha,daddy nose best
Have an amazing time! Thanks for using ShowClix :)
awesome! im in there! what time? and do you want me to bring anything? drinks maybe??
Being a professional musician is like being a housewife. Much of the labor is invisible, which leads people to believe it's not "real" work.
oh goodness girl! i'm so sorry! i'll take a look at it today. thanks for the reminder <3
Can't wait till Buzz does that sweet West Virginia dance after this one!
Mondays are rough........
has her interview today for #Indianapolis Top 50 - go Steph!
Endings are beginnings in disguise.
great work at #cxnats adam, when they bring nationals to austin you can smoosh them in my backyard!
64 Degrees in The Lou!!!
who votes for college football hall of fame? line them up to be slap for excluding tommy frazier.
Coach Sark, any chance the white helmets will be sold as a mini? I have a gold and an all purple.
I love how I may be having a rough day but he always manages to put a smile on my face.
Guess, I was late. So, good job! ~> RT : Finished! in 2 hrs 3 min! not too bad for not training <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Why bother going to a meeting if you're not prepared to change your mind? - Al Pittampalli
Thanks for following me back. Love your music. Do you have a youtube channel?
I think we met briefly when I came to Gelman to tape a clip for GW's diversity video, but I could be wrong. Taping was a blur!
This summer is gonna be f***ing crazy !!
Total letdown, but the Brewers will prevail. The citizens of Milwaukee will NOT allow their team to lose a game 5. Too much love.
Unbelievable dunk by Blake Griffin! Dunk of the year!
I really enjoyed the show yesterday! Dr.Hair is so funny lol I didn't know you were a Nursing Student! that's awesome! =)
I was just thinking about it!
It's Sunday, Sunday. Gotta do all my homework on Sunday, Sunday. :D
Thanks for the RTs, !
I might go ahead and buy some plugs at Hot Topic so I'll have them when I pierce my ears and get them big enough in a few weeks.
oh. Omg. Link me (x you can just call me stranger LOL
Screaming at the bar because the just won in OT. What happened? I used to be a girl..-" A
Thank you all so much for your birthday wishes!
I knew this at a theoretical level, but now at a practical level. #Adjunctification of higher ed is incredibly problematic.
Banners have been delivered all day.... If u haven't gotten it yet please be patient... They are coming!
does anyone have any good song suggestions maybe covers of austins for my fan vid of him and alex! and if you wanna be in the vid tweet me!
I'm quite hungry...... But I'm in bed so i have to deal wit it.
Bicentennial of the War of 1812: Artillery Drill happening at 10:30 in Lenape Indian Camp
oh my friend suggested quesedillas today.The conservative South Indian in me went for salads..il try next time for sure.
In my friends facebook picture the guy in the background has a jalex shirt on. I see you guy with the Jalex shirt.
Contest for Blue Man Group tickets coming soon!
Nobody has ever measured, even poets, how much a heart can hold.
He should learn this now: money talks, BS walks.
We both live in WI and I am an aspiring foodie my myself :)
GAB and Milwaukee Cty DA holding news conference Monday on "results of a significant investigation" at 2 pm at GAB's Madison office.
michael pesce's piano party! february 19 and 21!
You'll be on my mind for tonight
*Curtis and the Dicks
I feel like I'm cheating on the Mavs with the Thunder. I could never fully commit though.
We hv a booth there too. Hope 2 c u. RT : I stopped by with to see you! Could you tell me when...
pet peeve: email notifications saying you've successfully unsubscribed.
Having too many people in your house, backyard, or balcony
Just edited the shit out of a bunch of new songs.
This Devils Flyers game is really good.
What's Up, Everybody!
The Bee wrkshp is going to bee (Ha! get it) GREAT! I'm sure can give you a ride to the event!
Yes! I love everything avocado.
Wow! It looks awesome!
If you aren't playing well, the game isn't as much fun
A Trailer for "You're The Bomb"
Please DM us w/the time, location & bus# or email so we may follow up cc:
Congrats Master!
nah that ladies a bitch I ended up going at 7 tho.
also ron paul gets no love
No I love you more. i think i should take drama this year, aye? It would probably do me no good though cause it's my last.
Morning ya'll! Feeling a little country this morning...Join me and Jess for the latest on new fires threatening homes.
Return from Cancun they split family of 4 on to 2 flights. One pair direct to ORD, other adult and kid via IAD. Cc:
that's embarrassing.
thanks for the feedback, and for attending. Happy to provide a more detailed learning session. Let's meet up!
What inspires you?
Happy new year everyone!
thanks, you bastard. it was great catching up at #mw2012 and #aam2012. ;)
Is there anyone that wants me to follow them?
I see what you did there... And yes! It's amazing!
I like that!
Saturday Morning Love
He Wasnt Talking -.-
The amount of work a messy bun actually takes.
I am tired of people disrespecting President #Obama!
convection uses a fan to distribute the heat more evenly. It baked about 10 to 15 mins. Faster.
bahahaha. Just made my day
Growlers Of Gaithersburg has a new imperial stout that is a must have when you stop by.
I'm Weak <U+E412>
Please RT: Starting a chat called Non profit entrepreneurs #npechat. We discuss advertising, fundraising, and MUCH more. Join us Fri. @ 12
excellent point - zip code boundaries are far from standard in terms of land area.
I'm very sorry to hear about what's happened. I've been in your shoes. Glad to hear she's doing well!
HI. we finally saw each other in real life for the first time today ^_^
I really want my old twitter back!!
Why do I love trash tv so much lol
RT @ DIZZYDORTCH RT : RT : I'm so ahead of myself I don't even know what the fuck is behind me
Goodnight, so glad Jesus gave me another day to see this amazing Earth he created<3 Actually ready to sleep. Gane tomorrow
Dear YES, the troops are fighting for Pres. Obama. He's an American. Oh wait, you probably dispute that.
If you feel like God is far away from you ... guess who moved?
yes mam! You'll be surprised :) I'll send a pic! I miss you!!
I'm giving up getting overdraft fees on my bank account for Lent and for life!
have so much fun in Chicago! It's a great place for a bachelorette party!
Your mom likes our band.
#FOLLOW for #S_H_O_U_T_O_U_T s
Do you know the extent to which your workforce aligns with your company objectives?
add it to your profile and I'll check it out.
Somebody should come keep me company @ this game.
I feel like #idol is kinda pointless without anyway.
this is how rumors get started.. <<< el mero mero CHISMOSO
she hasn't replied yet
What's good world?!!...bout to copp a Lil fire!!!...who's smokin wit me?
Prepping for Jack Jeffers big band gig at Zinc Bar
So confused and stressed. #shootme <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
The Man or Astro-Man? Who Knew Too Much
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: On your social profiles make sure you include your company URL somewhere on your page.
I'm hungry!!!
Regarding repairs and updates, buyers don't want to start where sellers quit. Buyers don't want to finish your to-do list.
Oh I'm jealous. I wanted that one, but alas, she sold out before I could get her.
yeah they did slow them down a bit. Lebron should've kicked his ass. He made up for it by beasting lol.
The 2nd Open Government & Innovations Conference is underway. The Call for Papers is open – Ogi.crowdcampaign.com
see you on sundayy
lump sum is 389m
For this, you will need to make a business plan that the lender will approve of
actually funny and truthful post!
Waiting for maaahhh Pete's Fish N CHIPS !
...lalalala.... not telling! you'll have to wait for June 3!
Hurts, doesn't it? Knowing that even at my worst, I'm still better than you.
Yes!!! <3 The Hold Steady!!!
Obama got rid of Osama and the Republicans didn't, and now they're throwing tantrums bc his ads remind them of their failure? Win and win.
How many super musicians are we gonna lose at the age of 27?
What's hilarious bout this is I'm currently trying 2 pick a disco song 4 an audition in NYC. I could use those boobs...I mean tunes.
I hate sleeping with socks on #Weird lol
What a man sows he shall reap
great guy, it won't take him long. rt aw poor guy. Any girl would be lucky to have him
Have that 29-28 Maia but I think Munoz is going the get the decision.
Just learned that baby sister of my grade school classmate of 7 yrs passed away. She was 34 & mom to 6 & 9 yo kids. Devastated
Arguing with cons is like a game of chess with a pigeon. The pigeon craps on the board and flies away, declaring itself the winner.
bro my new mixtape so hard
Yes & it is difficult : iPads to access EMR. Something all hosp libs should look into.
DM me info
ah. Yes Greg is putting it down. We connected at SXSW this year. great site.
Collin has twice tried that crap. We need to buckle down again. Go more 4-5-1, maybe.
Snow daayy, that's what's up! Haha -izzy
omg yaaayay you should have a random meet and greet while your here! we miss you so much here in NY! <3
. ha love that! tanks for thinking of me!
I'm glad you guys landed there! And if we helped u have a good time, come back! :D
always reply!!! He is so nice. Tell all ur friends to go to bryantjames.com and check him out!(:
On tonight's Big Bang Theory Amy becomes attracted to Penny's exboyfriend, tune in at 6:30!
Do you feel like you have the momentum back in the series? Letang: "No, not at all, it's only one game."
life for me isnt the same
I need more people following me!
Bad news: Scrooge McDuck money pool dreams dashed for tonight. Good news: New goal for my life!
When a hair brushes against your shoulder & feels like a mosquito. So, you smack yourself repeatedly until you realize it's your own hair.
You know I always do. :)
no, that was probably Jay-Z.
just listened to Beethoven's 9th, 3rd movement (aka what my choir is performing in May). I'm still in a state of shock.
No doubt.
Congratulations and !!!
$100 if you rip a big juicy fart right now.
only you >.< jeez, why would I reweet something just to disagree? That's stupid.
Here at the Indiana State Fair! My home for the next 16 days! Come out and visit me at the lemonade shakeup stand by the dairy barn!
Can anyone explain why so many YouTube videos don't allow mobile access?
Getting random compliments can always put a smile on m face (:
surely, that must be a joke.
looking for a romantic restaurant in SD area to take my Fiancé for her Birthday. Any suggestions? Thank you in advance
Blake was back there happy af . Lmao .
ok cool!
Act like a bitch and get treated like one
um..... Between 3-5 we can start.(:
"The Costco Craze" is on CNBC right now. Fun fact, they sell 55 million chickens a year. Guess & I just go for samples.
no screw kyle. it wasnt me
offering 10 nights for price of 7, first & last weeks of summer 2011. Book now & save now!!!
My balls are showing.
Time to rise and grind! We're just 27 days away to Super Bowl XLVI!
L E A R N I N G = Loving, Evolving, Adapting, Respect, Negotiation, Indulgent, Nurturing, Giving.
“: Still need people interested in playing in a co-ed softball league with me this summer..” info please?
#questionsihateanswering where do you wanna go to college? I HAVE NO IDEA YET sheesh i still got time i'm only a junior lmao
Band work day today! Getting some things ready for our show on March 10th:AEthereal @ Area 702 Indoor Skate Park w/ Rocky Loves Emily and
Fell a little short but it's okay. Lakers all the way! :)
For me you'll always be 18, and beautiful, and dancin away with my heart
Good Mornin'...Did someone say Coffee?
I really hope my cigarettes aren't really transformers!!!!
RT Turned on Fox in hotel room in Chicago looking for UFC coverage. A show on the revival of 2 Live Crew is on
i'd love to be a history teacher but I don't like childern.
Hiya, yes I am! What's up?
Amen to that! RT : For #MothersDay our cats treated us to indifference and a hairball. This is 365 day holiday to felines.
My dream was that mau was in jail so i went to visit him&i brought him a teddy bear and he gave me a hug but
This sale is ending Today! Visit us online during #nurseappreciationweek for crazy deals!
thanks for following
did u get to check out the new song
no dont go home man plz
Totally allowed!! Please share!
nigga it's the middle of the day .... Better walk round the block write a song fuck a bitch .... Do sumthen
La Cumbre wins Gold for BEER!
I AM SICK OF IT TOO!!
The Holy Spirit will always lead you to Jesus.
awww, text me.
lol did she?
do you want a cookie? ;)
#DidYouKnow You can get an alert when you child arrives home from school? Or when he leaves the house? Yes, thats the power of GPS Tracking
10 year buffalo reunion.
#FLYEgang & #MME presents #TheChocolateAffair TONIGHT AT !! WITH SPECIAL GUEST !!
Keller reads Evelyn Reilly’s poems as networks. The period isn't part of a punctuation world--rather it's like a dot in a URL.
yah mo b there
Well, we may be in a bit of a pickle.
Hispanic Jobs | Bilingual Jobs | Spanish Jobs | Latino Jobs ...
RT : Watching your interviews with Inspiring. Thank you./ Thank YOU! I drink a lotta coffee.
How long do you think till Boyfriend music video comes out?? <3
Hey bro you spinning at Lucky Lounge this Sat (june 25th)?
please check out , she is a beast up there in Bham! :)
Oh ok good, I got worried for a sec that I wasn't getting any texts. But that's not really good news
special #FF to my fellow #F1 fanatics :D
Took ferry to angel island today. Thought it would be all jagged rocks and bird poop. Not the case. Nice day out in naytcha.
Thanks for the shout-out in Gratitude Watch. DM me your mailing address and I'll send postcards your way as a thank you.
Can you guess what our first offensive play will be Sunday? Most of you think you can. My question is...can they stop it?
Sleepy but still packing dang it!!
I'm pretty sure hates delivering to me...even though I give a 35% tip. :)
Book signing @ Boca Raton B&N today from 11-1! You Are a Gift to the World makes a great gift for dads, grads and fav teachers!
Can I Touch That Ass
Working in client revisions with DJ Tiesto-Club Life thumpin the beats
both actually
Ur welcome! We're testing our full service listings (coming soon!) and we're glad to have a guinea pig! Thx for using !
.RT all of the above : Favorite Hustle move? Star arms? Kick ball change? Booty bounce? Let's hear it!"
has gotten me 14 followers...in a matter of a few days
thts really good!
Watching Teen wolf reruns>>>>>>
we are rivals, if your a sports fan.. of all sports. Lol..
someday, I want to have some sort of a regular sleeping pattern, time to try & be productive, although my mind feels like its in a blender
just got worn out from watching dance moms. so. much. drama.
WOW & I THHOUGHT BELIEBERS HELP EACHOTHER.... CAN U GUYS GIVE ME >> SHOUTOUTS? I GOT HACKED!!!!!!!!
Ya me 2
Get ready for a heaping helping of his lord and savior
Only 4 months left to find a Highschool Sweetheart
Love On Top - Beyonce
STRUCTURES was awesome last night. Always good to meet and talk with new people!
You and me both! This system was slow in landing, but I'm glad it's finally here.
By the end of the evening, the bottle of Malbec was empty.
of your castle , my king!
miss ya too
Meeting at 7:10 am tomorrow morning to put together our Senior Rec stuff #thingswedoforlax They deserve it though!!
cool! Have a good one !
At school.
With him on some of the Malthusian stuff (especially how TLC promotes having tons of babies). Immigration stuff = insane, though.
Ya see, corporate give-away is more a slow, lazy steamroller type of effect. If you're expecting the obvious, look elsewhere.
The Nevada quarter dollar coin is a good lookin quarter dollar coin, with the horses and sunrays and all.
Kinect was featured on the YouTube homepage, and on Disney's and Nickelodeon's digital channels.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there - you - we! - are wonderful! ;)
I like to experiment. The bartenders are so talented...it seems like a waste to order alcohol + mixer there.
aww! what did you do during the day??
Never have I ever fucked someone who had a tattoo.
oh you were doing single leg squats
#TellTheWhiteHouse to make #education a priority in #policy and #funding!
AU to Increase Troops in Somalia bit.ly/cr799O
strawberry soda
i want a female to sing me Take Care…
The #Jets are still in contention for "Hard Knocks?" Not shocked. Still think they'll be the team. When do we get an official word?
Is it okay to look at seventeen year olds when you know they are 24 now?
#IfItWasUpToMe honestly, i would be dating yhu if yhu caught me when i fell for yhu. But yhu ddnt. So were not dating. =(
I'm gonna have to watch this whole damn show to see the Whitney tribute, aren't I?
Thanks for following Following you back
I've been up for three hours. I want to punch Monday in the neck.
We're back to beating each other :/ lol
November is Gratitude Month in the recovery community. If you're in recovery, what are you grateful for?
Getting the impression some political stuff went on in Iowa.
Thank you so much Zarah! :")
fuck it. We dont have to be in a relationship. Lets just fuck.
looking forward to hearing the new album. Let's get together in chi town soon. Hope all is well fellas
#youknowyouareataStarkidconcertwhen the audience is screaming songs at passing civilians and cars.
if anyone has ever 'deserved' it, it's them after the last two years. If their SP stays healthy I'd say theres a 85% chance.
Good. It's the same old crap, different day!
The cheese is outta the fridge right now, whats going on
Because there is no physical ownership of materials it should definitely be less expensive.
"i used to think i had ADD but i then realized i just had a hard time giving a fuck"
Almost Got Attacked By A Freakinn Pit Bull.
I'm loving my dreams lately. Hoping they come true.
to see you and be with you ! :)
Private event @ the convention center (hotel w/o hotel) went great & Ghetto Blaster tore it up!
Patients love to get comp. #Vampire #teeth made from you to fit over 6 & 11. We did this at our office 75.00 per pair.
listening to my uncle edit his documentary film on the Toureg musicians from Niger. Amazing music.
He's going...stolen base
<~ Specializing in websites that are custom fit to meet or exceed YOUR specific wants and needs!
I like it
thanks, man! appreciate the faith!!
Who's at the pirate game?!
Fraser says experience not important
Time to relax in my ultra-comfy, lilac Coffee Talk chenille robe from Canyon Group. Such a treat at the end of the day!
All's well, thanks! You??
interesting! I hope that has something to do with the fact that Tebow plays for the donkeys, and we don't like them here in KC
I'm struck that many of those songs could've been on the BeeGees' Odessa. Discuss. (2/2)
:D This is game 2. Devils are looking to tie the series 1-1
#justfilms RT : RT : the emotional sundance q&a for remarkable doc HOW TO SURVIVE A PLAGUE:...
Family will call you OUT boahh,
tweeting on flight from NYC to SF, pretty nifty.
community committee is meeting tonight, percolatin'!
....HaPpY bIrThDaY to one of my favs. Wishing you much love health happiness and wisdom. And cake and ice cream. :)
ROTFL...this #nphc unity is getting to be too much!!
there's nothing worse than tossing and turning all night, only to fall asleep in the last two hours you could possibly sleep...
Man, I'd like to give a couple of my own words. The first is 'Brigslybeam?' which means "Where's the ?"
Too cold for a milkshake today? That's okay, we have juicy, delicious burgers that will warm you right up! Open until 8 tonight!
Somewhere, 1989 Randy Milligan is smiling at the Orioles 23-14 record.
It's definitely #tshirt weather here in PA! We have $15 tees + our always good 10% off on top! What are you waiting for?
Thank you for the follow!
where were you the last two nights? great goin out times with
Twitter during awards shows are the best. My time line is awesome. You guys are killing me lol.
agree fully
I hate when people come to the U.S. and complain about how their country is better. Fuck bro, if you country is better then leave! lol
Preds Game vs the Force...30 minutes to kick off!
Global warming...
thanks so much for coming in and on the feedback, much appreciated (we love those donuts too).
Hello friends! Who's ready for #TasteandToastThursdays @ ?!?!
Wow I'm sorry :( crying makes you feel better though
But I suppose beggars can't be choosers, and all that.
Everyone go follow AMAZING VOICE!! Ya won't regret following him(;
Trying to come up with new segments I could start up on TRG. Thinking about doing one featuring Kickstarter projects. Thoughts?
and they'd need an abortion clinic right next door.
has it been rough out there, or is it just me?
"Micro-framework" == "starting over, 'cause I've time on my hands & nothing to do." --sigh--
¡Feliz Día del Niño! Today is Children's Day in Mexico, what better way 2 celebrate than 2 advocate 4 greater access 2 #education &
going to play mass effect 3 on sunday at noon with if you can join us! also might do some tonight as well...
Counting down to Feb. 21 when pitchers and catchers report
via : we can follow Computers in Libraries with the tag
did you steal home?
wish i could go support you! God bless you!
Raining as I leave Virginia. I had a great time at MARC. Thank you again Sorors!
I have missed you so MUCH!! OH my god!!
I think its time to give my followers a treat and give u a little preview of the track "Little HArder"
- RE: interactive museums. I love it! But I want to know more! Where/what are they? Are they real or imagined?
Thanks so much for sharing! :)
your still in school and I'm out partying with sammie so thptttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt lol
really enjoy your work and thoughts about UX
i read your book in 1 day. Such a refreshing read - not just another "mom-oir"
I love it!
moving the first of Feb. Got a job there
So tired of peoples crap.... Had a horrible day!
Me too! I'm obsessed with it and I miss you!
You can get all the news you need from social media. You don't need the paper anymore.
Got it !!!! Waiting for the Lakers game ??? Maybe become Clippers fan?
Russell Hanz? and Which Mike? Russell Swan and Michael Skupin are coming back for season 25.
Heading into a thunderstorm on I-65 north of Indy. So what else is new?
We can have more than we've got because we can become more than we are. Jim Rohn
he can't be any sweeter... you two are the cutest! LOVE!
More great actors!
Compliment Day was created in 1998 by Kathy Chamberlin, and Debby Hoffman. Share your compliments throughout the day with us, we will too!
Seriously?? WWE put brodus clay on hold again? I kinda liked the gimmick. Brought back an old school feeling of something off the wall. Cont
May 7-11th is Teacher Appreciation Week. Don't forget to appreciate a math teacher!! :)
Wow! That's pretty awesome. When I invited , I didn't get any response. :(
lovin' the new picture. :)
#alamw12 -- my first ALA conference! This is going to be fantastic!
thank you for your great work!
can i keep it and we can call it our duck cuz thats cuter haha
Pushing the IDD van has become a regular occurrence. Let's hope our request for a new one goes through!
This mvmt is more hopeful & not nearly so traumatic
Great meeting with of Thank you for your time.
gas or charcoal? I miss our gas grill. I don't like to mess with charcoal (hubster's job). Need to get another one.
Light snow starting. Both airports have cancelled evening & tomorrow's flights. If our meeting is scrapped, I won't be leaving tomorrow.
oki always get on twitter but never tweet aha
TGIF! Don't forget this Sun is Earth Day. What are you doing to celebrate Mother Earth?
haha why do you say that?
awesome. I'll hopefully be there Thursday.
Agreed. Good luck!
add me on facebook . matt mdz davidson
The end of #ThroughSinAndSelfDestruction Makes me want to mosh \m/
Mack Brown said his biggest spring goals were developing toughness and depth and he's been pleased w both. Expect a physical Orange-White.
Just read about a dentist whose ex bf came in for toothache. She gave him anaesthesia & removed all of teeth. That's pretty sick Chubbs.
<U+2660>RT : I want my own army... Wait we got that. & all of us got stripes + purple hearts. No war wounds. #FTL$O
haha, I'm glad I was your first! :)
First 4 Nigerian families get $175,000 in #Pfizer funds after case tied to testing experimental antibiotic Trovan on children
On my third cup... world still foggy... could this be, oh god, no!... decaf??!!
Well I meant what I said, as well! And I love you too, Laken!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 89
Worth shouting out a thank you to the one and only Spencer for some classy respect on ETR about
Impressive. Sounds like you are ready for a little Tenacious D
can somebody tweet me any good song to download for my ipod?
Addition, #boiledeggs, #champagne &my Dad who will be joing us!! LOVE MY DADIO'S appearance! good thing champagne! He celebrates life well.
We agree! /cc
It's definitely one of those days
"Just a bit outside. He tried the corner and missed. Ball 4. Ball 8..."
Yay are you watching the HOUSE BUNNNYYYYYY??????
Follow and win!!!
thank god I don't have to worry about finishing early.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
trap me lol
me too :D !! , I love the colors
I repeat what I asked you last week. Is LJ the new Cedric Benson? :-)
Idk why but all chops are $5 today!! Today only!!! Gone stop cutting round 4:45 though gota go to UPS Freight and get that bread
That awkward moment when you accidently touch someone's ass.
my dude got mad at me cause i told him naw ya not gonna be around me. where the fuck you been at for 7 months? i'm crazy though gtfoh
I agree and #140cuse allowed for us to connect, which is cool.
Chilling with this nigga a of right now
had to find just the right spot to get both Mt Rainier and the Bakery in the photo. ;)
Follow me I follow you back ;)
People Be Saying My Dimples Are Sexayyy.!!! #teamdimples •(^.^)•
what about your film? what genre is it?
Yeah! Don't they know that tobacco is raised on factory farms and never gets to run free like its ancestors did? Wait--what?
How do vampires keep their breath smelling nice? They use extractor fangs.
my b-day is in november the 16
A pen, pad, and my family is all I need in my life......
'Tis the season of goose shit everywhere.
Fall is in the air! Be careful when you're driving and keep your eyes on the road - not on all of the beautiful color-changing trees!
On the way to work. Happy new year everyone
"almost more" &counting: RT : lie all you want about #occupydenver i almost have more twitter followers than you do.
the basic bitches wear that shit so I don't even boTHA
going right to your hips
Have had some outrageous Kiwi buddies. Is everyone there on a nonstop adventure quest?
RT : is stuck in a bad relationship (...with planet earth). Time to fix it.
So is the new Lily Allen any good for a #training or #running mix?
I was thinking the same thing. She's gonna end up being a lil bitch and try to get to korra. or some nip like dat
Omg I still can't get over how good Justin's body looked gah<3
With all due respect, sir Monday, I am not ready for your presence in my life.
Are you feeling better?
YES. Austin smells good, lol ;)
Oh My Goodness! *Shirley Temple voice*
Just had a deep, philosophical discussion on CSV in GIS in workshop by
RT : Thanks for another great chat! !
oh its on. More a statement on the fact that you have a lot of good product. #needchartreuseanddelmaguey cc
2 Jewish children are sitting on top of a roof near a chimney A passer-by asks 'What are you doing there?' 'We are waiting for our parents.'
thanx a lot for the fav John ! stay tuned we soon start pilots of energy game mechs to facility mgt & building processes as well
yeah, he's a nice role player.
I could not be more proud....my son just got in to !!!!!!
To clarify: put me out of my misery by writing the abstract for me, not by taking me out back and shooting me.
Mornin' Candice! I hope ur still "stopping by." Let's touch base and talk details : )
If the internet slowed down cause everyone in Vancouver simultaneously decided to download ALL the gay porn on the internet that'd be fine
can u?
Drinking a beer with my boy while studying for a bio final
Idol is so dramatic haha
With certain Republican party members trying to redefine the laws of rape, I can only assume they are rooting for Roethlisberger
pacey was my favorite i was never a dawson and joey fan. Always a pacey and joey lover
That is how Qarth gets a king.
S/O right back cuz! See you June 3rd or before then!
This is the shit that niggas just should not do...smdh.
what day?
cool! Ill keep an eye out for u! Just sent info on a networking event u guys might be interested in...
Wht the heck are Wade and James wearing? The NBA gets more like the WWE everyday
“: #AfricaWednesdays Southern Tunisia is where George Lucas filmed many of his Star Wars movies.” Really?
I don't even want to know what is going on there...
Just layed the snack down on for mothers day. Glad to not be beefin, soon she'll be sleepin lls
Thanks for the mentions
It even LOOKS hot out there...glad I can stay in and enjoy the air conditioning.
CMI has earned third-party certification for no added urea formaldehyde and the use of recycled content in its products.
ok. Be well
#NF follow back?!
follow me, i follow bsack promise!
I haven't even been able to bring myself to say the words, happy baby bunnies and eating chocolate day my atheist pals!
Who's going to pick up soem using the "ELENORA" code for 10% off?! Hurry up before the offer is over !Follow
Working through the holidays. :)
Ah nice! But locations are just text tags, not viewable on a map, it seems?
I'll check that date and get back to you. Thanks!
Aw Thanks XoXo
Good presentation RT : Listening to Steve Fehr, other seasoned advocates advise on crisis management
I lost my boyfriend and bestfriend all at once today
we GUNNA party!
Wow.I'm so #jelly Well that'll be a nice change of pace. I'm sure you'll enjoy it. Does that mean what I think it means?
Marylin Monroe was a size 18. It's not you that's gotten ugly. It's society.
Woah woah woah.. Stop, rewind, take it back a few steps.. You say wha!?
that's happened to me a few times, too. Frustrating...
Spinning poolside at the EPIC hotel...tech, progressive house til 630
Customer service has just fell off the face of the earth.
Good luck to the San Francisco Giants!!! The Carlton supports you!!!
Sitting in bed eating a bowl of cereal & it's making me very happy. #LifesSimplePleasures #cheers to that
haha, I do that stuff too. Sometimes even if a book is interesting, sleep is just more interesting. :)
Just lost 500 more followers.. haha!
10 minutes? in a session
On break from first #LIS415 meeting. I feel like this will be a class that I will love even as it kicks my ass.
I really should go see them whenever they come around next
thanks :) not yet but we will soon :) that song is off our new ep produced by !
SO cute!! Thanks for sending it!! I love Bostons!
Just smacked the SHIT out of a fly on the road. What a way to Go
We saw legendary comedian Paul Mooney today! Moving on, we'll be rocking full force tomorrow @ Genghis Cohen 740 N Fairfax in LA 8:30pm
I'll say! It's about time!
that's what I said!! But the source aka thinks its brilliant.
Thx 4 the follow. Fantastic project u have! Hope u have a chance 2 check out & dig u some Secret Skwirl.
So true.
"Bye, Bye, Bye" music video is playing on MTV. Love a good throwback. 's giggle gets me every time.
Nothing really. I'm not in school!:)
My new game: Find who’s here for “ Live” vs. who’s here for “Mirror Mirror” is all too easy here in Revere.
I just love turn to you
Wrap-up 1/19: Pick up tix, lunch in Chinatown, National Archives to see Constitution. Dinner with hosts. Photos, blogs, laptops.
Want to do blast on our twitter or your looking for a email blast 10,000+ address. Contact us today for more info.... Prices starting at $5
feels so good that I'm going into these two finals without cramming and actually studying way in advance :) am i growing up...?
Can you imagine a world without men? No crime and lots of happy, fat women.
S/o to he's that nigga so go follow his ass!!
I've had just about enough Tony Bennett and Betty White
All this waiting is killing me right now!
We're not liking the sudden drop of temperature in #MKE. Bring back 50s in December, please.
Orienteering to the Tishbi crossroads in the Jezreel Valley
when Liam was spraying string stuff to the girls on the other side of the window and he shot a girl so he just left xD i remember
Throw out a RT if you'll be voting for any of our amazing #Homecoming nominees! , Roman Nelson, and Jackie Swoyer!
thats one for evan
Lost angels in los angeles
I'll admit ...RT I always say "Wed-Nes-Day" when writing out Wednesday.
Dad refuses to get DVR, so we're watching a VHS recording (you read that right) of Big Bang Theory.
Thanks, love! :D
that's not surprising. But bruises in a supposedly non-contact sport is a limitless more so ;)
see you soon! ;)
So ready for
oh man I have no idea! I saw her several months ago, while eating in Eagle Rock!
ian you're just jealous cause girls don't like you. HA. got him with the comeback joke boys
they will catch bows like Harden did b4 they get swept!
And I wont give up me to part of you
It's been exactly 700 days since Crosby & Malkin both played together in a playoff game.
yup, got my first bite last wednesday
And then you ate them?
Both, but often along the lines of improper letter formation, inability to stay on a line of paper, and getting progressively worse
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery this hot mess of a team made no progress since vc left
Tell me about it. Half the follows I get these days are model headshots spouting astrological platitudes & slinging gift cards.
I will just concede that it ended with
Only 4 more days till I leave, how did it come so fast?!
It's 1 thing to predict wins-losses, but it's patently ridiculous to predict scores.
So I guess that whole sub-plot about Square Pegs is out? ;-)
we can get you any game you request....what is the release date in that title??
Steve's story had a major influence on my story. Whose story will you and I shape today?
NFL on verge of killing Pro Bowl according to Good move or bad? Lst yr I thought NFL Awards Show was a viable replacement...
For sure I will, thanks Denise!
Well, these days FBX is pretty much it - Collada is pretty much dead. It's just having the experience of Mobu and Maya I do..urgh...
Does anyone want to follow me cuz today is my birthday!!!
The Notebook movie was a great adaption of the book
when THAT'S your best chance of the game idk even what to say. see you in october
yay. I love you (:
I got dibs on handlebar
Cn i pls get a blunt or some
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart. --Phil Jackson
For poised lips speak only words of kindness.
Losing our first game of the season.
Genealogy proof statements provides a summaries
They played out like throwbacks and strapped Girbuads/ Super baggy clothes and whips wit stop & go's/ I'm like Rose #1 I come 2nd to none
do not worry I will dress better than in my photo!! LMFAO.
congrats & bless! :)
damn I gotta start talking more to my tables about my music lol. Table left me $50 on $80 yeah buddy
It's lonely w/o 75% of the usual Monday morning crew at HES (80% if you count no music)!
6/12 Gathering Waters Fest needs licensed mobile treat vendors. Interested? RT
Time to make the bacon. Cooking brunch today 's. Come get some awesome food and a bloody mary. Delishhhhh
thank you <U+263A>
“: It didn't go 10 yards.... And we touched it first!” nah they did...call will be reversed...if not then blown call
i am really excited to get my hair cut at a 63% discount by hot girls with free beer at a salon that has a stripper pole.
How can individuals help support your work?
sending #packers love from south florida and can't wait to watch the Christmas day game with my family in Wisconsin!
is it sad that i've never heard of that place...
I hate when you are eating a sandwich and all of the meat comes out..so you eat it because it's the best part..then you are stuck with bread
Three more weeks - end is near but still so much to do!
Big news is coming TOMORROW!! Make sure to check back in to see what we have for your guys. For now, Like us on Facebook and go to our site!
Skins fans are excited! RT: “: Let the RG3 Era begin. #Redskins #RG3”
Gonna Rock Your Body!!
your so pretty i love the way you dress(:
follow me bro
She just said wang
"What? Friends can listen to endless love in the dark."
This baby dances so much that I'm beginning to think it might be the happiest unborn child in the world.
nope! just that! and you can put the blame on me when he freaks out. hahah.
Thanks, Nick. Hope all is going well at NASCAR!
Get ready to hear from us Arlington!
I'll be me and you be you. #bitchesbebitches I guess.
Didn't even question it when offering first bite of big Mac that's how you know...
I grabbed the rim and I threw the ball in lol.!! It counts
I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time
Don't push onto navigation stack from sub-controllers, you may corrupt it. Always push from a controller on the stack.
We love all that you guys are doing for our kids!
Yes!! And not eating junk food....
I shouldn't be up this early.
Did Esperanza Spalding wake up on a boat and fashion her own dress? She sounded incredible
what happened!?!
win not when
It helps to laugh; allows us to overcome trauma. An artist and a comedian sometimes mirror one another in intention.
ya, good call
Miami Heat look to extend their 15 game home winning streak when they play Philadelphia tonight. Dwyane Wade will miss the game. Miami -7
just seems like yesterday when you had 200,000 followers :O
Are they taking Opie off the radio?
Went shopping today seen him(:
Maybe Metta World Peace thought he was part of the Saints bounty system.
Just woke up. Got a day off. What's up for today?
Sometimes I have boring Twitter weeks, but I assure you, we'll be back to your regularly scheduled brilliance shortly.
omg Louise and Becky are bonding AWW
some people in Winchester called me and wanted to see if you could change Adam Fatkin's height to 6-6 on your blog post. ..thanks!
"It's a great day for a ball game; let's play two!"
how should this go im tryin to manage my crew need studio time who wanna help these new to be raw artist they got dope lyrics
Be like me and sweat for free!
who's worse then?
Making my way to the Wildcat Center to judge a Business College competition.
Lol at Irri being jealous of Doreah. Mini cat fight?
thank you!
Good Morning All!
I've been showing him the ropes. Been a Sensei of sorts.
you asked for it.
The only class I had today was math and I got a 95 on my quiz <U+263A><U+263A>
Hm not really
been running my online biz, might look into a summer gig @ club pool! have a card video to finish acting things to do! 2012 kinda year!
YOU CANNOT BENCH WES WELKER THIS WEEK! HE'S A TOP WR IN THE LEAGUE!
I will have to ;)
Now that's a damn good question!
Such a busy day, but I've got on in the background to catch the latest on #Iowa tonight. I love election year!
It's the last Friday of 2011! Thank you to the #STL community for a wonderful year! What's your favorite memory from 2011?
great to meet you, gl in SCOOP!
Hey you have your mom or dad make some FUFU and send it to me?? Please and ThanQ! :)
That was too funny!! I will never forget the look on Michael Cole's face when it was pressed up against the wall of the "Cole Mine"!!
i always wish i could've met my grandma, but at the same time i'm so grateful for my guardian angel. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080>
About to eat a torta for the first time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Wow. Thanks!
Thanks for the retweet !
Good to hear Hopefully people are buying some gear for next year's
It's impossible to properly thank you in less than 140 characters. But here's our attempt - THANKS!
i dont even tlk to have of the pple that follow me :( i miss tlkin to the pple i use to talk to :(
One more game in spring league and we can head home for the night.
Dear richie, thank you for not only helping me thru bar close, but the next 15 hours.
We are approaching 35th n King Dr!!! I'm feeling it in my left shin... pray for me!
I miss my bestie
hahaha YES!!! Yay so first time for both of us!!!!!
What are some things you'd like to score from our upcoming Mother's Day #promotion? #giveaway alert!
no :( and you look cute in your avi with glasses aw arriba las ciegas loll
I'm defiantly accepting trades but people be acting funny lol
Follow for dope local music!
not a chance. I heard they're doing a Gilly sketch!!
Technology fails on Superbowl Sunday #PapaJohns can't take orders on line, #Comcast died after lasting through bad storms.
we can barely hear you
Oh, my flight's actually three hours later than I thought you say? Glad I'm exhausted.
I hate when my dog watches me change. . . It's like DON'T LOOK AT ME
what's happening next month
nice! I like that! And i think he just might!
lebron is the heat, wades good too but bosh is a baby
Hasaan bought 10 screen protectors for his iPhone lol , clear and mirror ones, crazy
I'm getting so into maroon 5 right now
Happy Dyngus Day to all my fellow Polacks out there
We all know why! Hainji! :)
today I pray for everyone with digestive disorders that keeps them from thriving in their life.
she's happy because y'all finally took a pic of her we:3
Things just keep getting better and better :)
Wish we could have those vent windows in cars ala 1960s.
thank the victim.
our sound guy is working in logic & for 89 min film w/ lots of audio files, we figured AAF file very big. Hence Xto7 to FCP 7 then OMF
Friday's here. Not much relaxation this weekend: workshop Sat., yard sale Sun., and dinner Sat. night with new friends. I'll exhale PM Sun.
I want webbs tonight! Summer class started, oh boy!
Waiting. For her to call
Like standing in the operating room when a guy's heart stops, and you're the one who has to fix it!
LOL! That's hilarious.
lost my game :/
HAHAHAHAHAHA. Our fanbase is nothing but Julian haters.
It's my half-birthday :-D
YAY I'm excited :)
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
Best V Day ever ! <3
Jorge was your best hitter in the ALDS last year.
Never let go of what ur heart telling you to hold on to.
#GoodNight or
You. Are. Late to the party. beat you to the fat cat punch.
tell me about it.. Ugh I was doing good like 2 weeks ago /;
S/0 what's good homie??
I despise da LeCon heat GO BULLS!!!
forgive and forget but never regret :) <3
Yellow everything ;) rt : that's a cool chain. Lemonade :P
I will try that too..I hope you feel better..:)
I missed coffee!!!
#callback yesterday and today! Thanks Universe, I was losing faith.
go to Facebook "Cover Becca In Pigs". Please help her get stuffed pigs for her disease TY
Birdman ft. Lil Wayne- I Want It All
Thank you!
Somebody needs to tell Brock to go back to the WWE...
What more followers ?! go follow SHE FOLLOWERS BACK REALLY FAST !(:
I can see that. But my office used to be next to the bathrooms, and the fans were not loud enough! I heard wayy too much!
Hey Newark Tweeps. Show some love to Hector Making a difference for #Newark youth.
Im at dallas right now
#HighBloodPressure Better Way to Predict Weight Loss ? Better Way to Predict Weight Loss ?
Just want to say "Howdy!" to everyone at the Texas Asphalt Pavement Association Meeting in Austin. Good work on the new website.
We LOVE YOU!!!!! Sending love on the wings of the Spirit....
Typos will be the death of me. I swear.
I wanna live in a world where whenever you get the urge to punch someone, they're hit by a bus.
lol dnt quote me son cause I ain't said sheet ;)
Thank u to the several-hundred ppl who performed & attended today's benefit concert. Special thanks to #TrinityChurch & the BMA.
Beer = social learning opportunities! #soclrntruth!
People don't care how much you know--until they know how much you care. - John C. Maxwell
Taylor Swift?
Love it! Can those people pose with us?
They said it on the radio......
M porridge brains. Zombies LOVE porridge brains!
when are people going to realize that when sick they should not come to work !!!
I have new music coming in May/June -either 2 or 3 new recordings. Will keep you posted!
Play the song . Lol
im buying my tickets to come see you this summer with big time rush! July 6th CANT WAIT!!
yeah lol did you get yo bathing suit!?:)
Game 7 I can't believe the hokey finals are between two Canadian teams again?? Why does US suck as hokey...tell me god???
Thanks!!! RT : Sending wishes for many broken legs tonight to and !
Hope to see you at the Central Florida Film Festival - remember our night is Sunday September 5th - 5-7 PM. Book signing also for Monsters.
this is the first year i didn't latch onto #idol like i have in the past. don't have a true fave to win it all. do you?
Taking the All-Request Lunch Hour all 80's today. What would you like?
hahaha im so excited but Flyers first round ehhh I guess get it out of the way lol
Who remembers our old song Hit and Run?
Bubble Team Colorado State Rams get in as an 11 Seed...
Do snap some twitpics please!
u r up this early?
boredom on friday..... freak on saturday..... saved on sunday.....
Words with friends.. So many words so many friends :)
its hard to believe a tuesday could look this good!
Awesome practice Birmingham today with Radiohead and Bob Marley playing. Great start to the day!
Stop by to welcome our new General Manager, Tyler Kopkas, to the TLV team!
but is so cute & he looks good w/ no shirt on. He's forgiven.
ok vander blue go sit down. you're blowing this
Cosmo please
Rt Amazing Room! Can't wait to get started!
I figured u did. I was raised to be honest. I connected with u & another tweeter this week. Both are foodies and fashionistas.
I'd have no problem with American folks using British sayings if it didn't make them look so ridiculously douchey.
RTRTRT : THAT'S IT I WANT MY NOSE PIERCED. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E>
Thanks Nathan! You're seriously such a great friend. I could never find one negative thing to say about you.
(Although, following that thought all the way through, I would also end up eating 's finger.)
I don't know, sorry. Hopefully within the next few days.
If it wasn't for the fact that I had to take a shower, I wouldn't have cared.
Im confused
Now on our crazy table of deals: Bowen's Lockjaw minibust and Firestar minibust for only $30 each
Make sure you check out Stoney and Bill from : waiting tables at today from 1pm to 2pm to help
Si! You're right. "Country of birth." I totally forgot & stand corrected.
#mycrazyobsession Bugs me when people tweet 50x a day, then after 2 days begin Repeating their "quotes" & slogans like a mechanical spool.
Sorry to tell you this "friend", but you are a two faced hoe.
On the anniversary of Dr. King's assassination, Trayvon Martin 's murder is a stark reminder that a luta continua - the struggle continues
It is Crazy here at the Copper Kettle! We even got to break out the pint glasses early for our thirsty brewers!
I thought I was already following you. My bad.
"Business opportunities are like buses, there's always another one coming." - Richard Branson, founder of Virgin Enterprises
Gene Simmons and Shannon Tweed will be married on 10/1/11. I'm so excited for them!
just good sweetie? Try GREAT on for size! Lol
"Train Wreck" debuts on the today in Canada! Also a really fun interview with Paul McGuire!!
I need to get a busch gardens pass.
I'm always in search of next level innovative technology
Im Sorry But U Tweet Too much. LLS. OC
I actually can't stay! Wife just told me that we need groceries.
Me: "I. Set. FIRE. To the rain! Watched it pour as I.. TOUCHED you face!" Sister: "Don't touch my face"
ughh who is this bitch?!
No offense, but in Paragraph 1 is "gutty" even a word? (maybe "gutsy"?)
#ff , because The #FireStarter Sessions can give you a mind makeover.
IM GETTING SOME OF YOUR MERCHANT :D :D :D :D MAHOMIE(: YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE<3
new KFC slogan
what time you get out of school today
you are a perfect treat after hot yoga
you make us happy
best of luck evannah !!!!! trust me economics is a bummer for me too.
Goal of the Day: Plan your fall; do 1 fun thing w/friends or family each week for the next 5 weeks. Apple picking? Scarecrow making?
Elbow? Get Seldom Seen Kid.
just turn on the VCU game
Just got a t shirt...
I'd forgotten how much I've always liked Depeche Mode.
I love my life.
Thank you, I am excited! Hope you had a great weekend. No comps or technology. Leaving my phone now, talk to ya in3 months!
Panned and bought mlb the show 12. Today's productivity is over
Bothers me a lot that Apple hasn't acknowledged it. We deserve an explanation, even if we don't like it.
I Am What I Am
Will do, thanks!RT hey hun.. Happy Mothers day weekened! #Enjoy kiss ur mom for me..Tell her I said HMD! :-)
so cute...and probably all dying today
Always be positive. Don't let negative people hold you back from your dreams.
RT Can somebody help me get 26 more followers please? Would really like to break a 1000 on 9/9/9. Thanks.
It's so hard to sleep when you have a million things running through your mind late at night.
one of our customers had an allergic reaction - not to food, but while she was outside. Maybe an insect bite.
Not too much so far. Seem to be a lot of talk about the concern of underage gambling.
Count me IN! :)
Hey quizzers, you are about to be late! If the 80's are you bag, this week's quiz should not be missed.
just saw Lea Michele (Rachel) from Glee at Real Food Daily. Love that she has a "Go Cheerios" bumper sticker :-)
Before rejecting the idea, the mind sees if it fits neatly into the existing belief system.
My words with friends keeps dinging like something happened, but no ... It's just me sitting there ... thinking.
SUMMER....Looks like it's gonna be an interesting one. Well friends let the fun begin
hey y arent you with cece??
It's a made up word wo a definition that some Stanford kids are trying to make mainstream as a class project of some sort.
Hi ! Have you checked out the mobile app ? Great way to buy/sell high-end consignment items. Have a great wknd!
love you guys! Can't wait to hear what you guys have come up with! :) xx
Meditation is a great way to let go of stress, and increase coherence and physiological functioning.
"omg our hair" on a picture of tim lincecum
it was awesome! Bad in a good way... Although, I am sure in a couple hours I will regret my choice to eat the Doritos taco.
#IwantSomebody who can make me laugh yet make be serious too
Not at all.RT: do black people like MF Doom?
thanks for following, man! Lets collaborate. You can check out my music on the links in my bio
love your show! Funny as hell and all over the place.
#matrixawards speaking about Gwen Ifel: "skeptical about everything, cynical about nothing". Great lesson. Congrats on your award
Thanks to everyone who came out to Milan for Restaurant Week! We hope you enjoyed your Milan experience.
Happy Thursday! I hope everyone has a great day!!
Where's when I need her? That lady need to give her phone back -.-
I don't even understand the proposition RT: Can we all just agree that we have enough biergatetens in the world now?
me and jordynn woke up late this morning !
is a ham-fisted cataloging error.
watching Like Crazy!(:
Only 30 minutes until the #LuxBride twitter chat with ! Please join us for a fun-filled hour of wedding tips!...
Thank you
Oh good!
The Unversity College of Engineering Event will be a dream-come-true after you go to the gym Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
No matter what I will never stop wearing my black platform peeptoes!
haha hi :) and followed!
nah chill you haven't been shooting with me on the gym ! My skills been the shit since 98' need to watch yourself !
Try A lot of folks have recommended finding mentors/advisors.
Wondering if my little sister is gay.. I won't let that define her tho...
Josh Kelley came to my friends bday dinner junior year apparently. With my senior friend Julia Freedman
Just won tickets from !! Now to plan a weekend getaway.
#IfITellYou To Chill That Means U Finna Cross A Line....
I get to see Gavin today :D
Remember life without navigation....
I love that song!!
There is nothing more important in business than knowing how to choose the right people around you in your business~BAMM.
and that's pretty much why your clients love you so much. :)
We are a local bike messenger. I'd love to help you!
so really, you love it and hate everything else!
right! But it's too many pills and they're gigantic!
A week full of auditions, shoots, modeling, and shows! It is wonderful, but I am also excited to sleep on Sunday. And then repeat!
I like spotify but Matt you aren't in there....
Texas Wesleyan with a clutch short handed win last night against a team that had won 9 of 10. 1st place on the line in FTW tomorrow nite
Just killed a steamed seafood combo at Harpoon Larry's. Next time you visit, we will take you, so you can say you ate at the 'Poon.
pushing it.
EHMAGAWD! You didn't put "teamfollowback" in that tweet like you usually do! Yay for progress!
Excited to announce the launch of "Ahead of the Fashion", an accelerator program for tech start-ups in the consumer, fashion & retail space.
take a look at - this sounds like what I'm trying to build :)
Another another pop/dubstep track made for !.. #MakinHits at
Shall we play the number game?(; I THINK YES. Tweet me numbers you cuties<33
Please support our cause and clinic by coming out to our event May 4th! We are going to be having tons of fun!
HEY I HEARD YOU WERE A WILD ONE
what happened?
Jeff Fisher is overrated....there i said it
Hanging with my homies and can't wait till next weekend, we are performing at Madison Square Garden!
YO WAS UP? (: WATCH FAMILY OUTING.
Laaaaadyyy! The Met 2012/13 brochure arrived today and you are mentioned twice. So proud of you xoxo
#BestBuy are total losers! They cancelled all promised Black Friday deals. Do you want to give your business to a Co. that is ruining Xmas?
IOM says Sudanese deal struck over resettlement
breezy and rihanna cant make it more obvious anymore seriously :''D swear when they say theres nothing going on 1 more time Ill LMBO!
WHAT?!?! You don't have your talk perfectly planned like I do? tsk, tsk. ; )
Take everything in moderation. Including moderation.
and his 'Lucy', has led to the filing of a divorce petition in Supreme Court, the Daily Mirror learned recently.
McKay Jenkins speaks about his book "What's Gotten in to Us?" TODAY @ noon in the Rines! Join us for this informative Brown Bag Lecture!
I can indeed think of a better way to kick off "Oscar week." Stay home and watch all the movies better than those nominated.
Thoughts and prayers go out to the people effected by the earthquake/tsunami, thankful I live in natural disaster proof MD
Pretty flacko can come on at anytime and I just can't control myself.
Ugh my loud as auntie over here.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! LOVE AND MISS YOU. WISH I WAS THERE! DINNER IS ON ME-- call me and I'll order you a nice treat! xoxxoxoxo
We <3 our staff as well as our customers, so any book marked with a staff pick sticker is 15% off this month!
do they have multiple takes for the boardroom scene or does it just shoot straight through? Is any of it scripted?
without my phone i'd die
had fun at gabby's party and wishes they were friends instead of just co-workers.
is Barone's too far?
RT : fastest wifi router? Linksys E4200v2 -- I agree. Just set one up the other day for a SMB. Impressed.
I'd say me and were in shock at all that options at the shop today. Lol
Are you a Morman?
Pacing in silent agony.
what a treat for them! Do the students help to plan the event?
Theory of a Deadman is from Canada?
U are funny
Frank Gross! Who the hell are you??
New England/NY fans have it good #RedSox, #Patriots, #Giants, #Yankees, I have felt true pain #Browns (4-12), #Nats (80-81) #Wizards (2-14)
Ok thanks
Then they would be the first impartial provider of news. :)
I go to extreme lengths for the ones I love!
I will admit it is a vexed relationship, but I love the #savethelastdance soundtrack
Hookah bar with best friend >
follow right now oooorr you don't get a cookie. yes that means you.
Looks like we are kicking off an off night service Saturday, May 19! More info on that coming soon!
There were some support articles where people could make it work by booting into 32bit. Didn't work for me though…
Check out our page to see our latest announcement!
Nap achieved!! Gaw, I feel so much better.
Looking for some twitter guides on how to do certain things on twitter...direct message me if you have some info.
saskatoon, eh? nice. they're looking for local, though (should have said that going in). sorry.
You should run a herpes train
#HarryConnickJr will be at Wolf Trap Park on June 15th!
what are we doing up at 4:40?
Definitely beautiful creatures! Have you seen the movie preview with the dolphin who survived with no tail? Looks great :)
Headed to Santa Fe and just passed Weatherford location.
This that cheatin i was talking bout smh
4-song EP "Bullet For A Rose" as well as 3 singles now available on itunes
I agree. I think the tenure line limitation is bad policy. I was just restating policy.
Neely: A syllabus is like a contract. Should include all info students need in order to succeed in your class.
Follow See my tweets about Grandpa Fred. We all need
Client side #Javascript model makes and #AJAX request to a server side controller. Good MVC?
Ridiculously tired. Why do I've to get migraines that zap my energy, plus turn me into a CrankyPants Mega-Bitch???
Will alex ever wear a t-shirt?
Fee: as an oral historian I have to help a woman standard the value of her story. It's not just the generals- every story matters
Surprises let me know she cares
aww man the internet is messing up again gonna have to go soon :/
A/B experiment? RT using this title? "Those who make peaceful revolution impossible, make violent revolution inevitable."
yes, and also because it's my birthday!
"The man who is willing to put in the time and meet the requirments is the one you want to stick around"
Playing battle ship with grandma!(:
Thanks Tim!
No girl suck dick but somehow all niggas gettin head. Niggas only fuck bad bitches but all these ugly girls gettin pregnant SOMEBODY LYING
RT : The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live-Elbert Hubbard
Intensity vs volume.
Another #Dodgers #SCTop10 What a play, Justin Sellers makes a Willie Mays catch from 3B in foul territory and tumbles into the stands. Wowza
Another great album that dropped last week: Eric Hutchinson - Moving Up Living Down
Thats a wrap! #CelticNation #NBAPlayoffs I just burned 90 calories chewing the fuck outta my straw in the 4th quarter.
I am hooked on Time Warner's Dance/Electronica music station while I'm working.... makes the whole apartment vibrate! :)
YAY WE MIGHT B GOING TO VENIS BEACH TOMORROW YYAAYY ITS HOT!!!!!
Just had orange slices. Bringing back my kindergarten days.
Good Morning, Evvvvverrybawdy!! What a ridiculous time of day , this is. Seriously. Nobody should be awake, right now. Well..I shouldn't. :)
I LOVE YOU FOR INTRODUCING THIS BOOK INTO MY LIFE.
I apologize for assuming you'd oppose out of state insurers, out of hand.
Thanks! We share many of the same values. I look forward to speaking with about
RT : S/o street team...lookin like an entire school class out on a field trip..hittin the streets w
Just starting 50/50. Heard it was a good movie.
Listening to hiteknowledge 2 great piece of work.
I want to make the sickest collab!! Something that everyone bumps to! I need that IT song, that got flavor and
What's YOUR favorite thing about the ocarina?
i'm enjoying it. :)
Happy Friday Allie! Thank you for following me! I'd love to follow you back if I may. You're a very beautiful & sexy lady!
"Impossible situations can become possible miracles." -Robert H. Schuller
- i Get More Attention From My Male Friends Than i Do From The MFs Thats Suppose To Show it To Me The Most . .
british accent- sometimes charming, sometimes indecipherable, and mumbling and fast-talking don't help.
Alright, finally getting to producing the first Massive Rocket Radio commercial for The White Rabbit. Here goes!
Thanks! we had a lot of fun w/ our #Carhartt reps & are very pleased w/ the results!
it is, I am finally putting my time into something. What do you think?
Avengers was a blast. Here's my ranking of the Big 4- Ironman, Thor, Hulk, Captain America. All 4 are awesome, though.
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful, loving mothers out there!!! Especially mine. The best support system I ever will have. I'm her
Tax Moonpie's in Mississippi to solve debt crisis.
HELP! Trying to come up with something special for Max to do when he hits 21 next month - doesn't drink or gamble - so . . . ???
Why the fuck would some asshole dressed like the statue of liberty, twirling a baton, make me think about taxes?
Is there a Waka Flocka ad-lib soundboard? Or just a rapper soundboard in general? How much better would that make conversations?
Ready to get off....hurry up 4pm
Every1 lets follow my sis plz she barley started and she is and ICONiac
wow! my mom wont let me see One Direction!
I'm in the buildin!
Remember how when we started archery I made a bet I'd be the first one to shoot myself through the hand? Guess what I did today haha.
A special welcome to those of you not on Twitter! Hope you're enjoying the Tweet Stations & "lurking & learning"!
Finally got my oovoo working:-) .. lol
Explain how you got started in your industry. This gives your audience a chance to connect on a more personal level.
Then you've come to the right place, the internet will do that for you
Sex-ed is all "abstinence until marriage" and same-sex marriage is banned. Now it's impossible for gays to multiply. Clever!
Check out Shadow Left on Facebook- facebook.com/shadowleft
Paging Dr. Faggot
Wish you would have never hit my car.
Loyalty is not something you can gain by just expecting it...it's something you, in turn, have to earn. Like life, it's a two way street.
Go to www.watchnhllive.com to register before the NHL starts up again to gain access to all the hockey games you want and need join forum to
: : the issues raised perceived conflict are fair. I believe we should retain finacial advisors on a flat fee ...
This Hot Water Fina Feel Good Ta My Body !!
Thank you. It's always been one of my favorites. Maybe I'll put it on a TShirt or print it out as nice as I can & frame it. :)
Time for bed!!! Goodnight world!
I would love to be the celebrity spokesperson for They could, of course, pay me in tacos.
Quite possibly the worst SNL ever
check out fine yoga in Beijing
Hey N.C. suck me and then go outlaw yourself
I put a bunch of Smarties out on the reference desk (couldn't find a bowl). They are almost gone. Students seem amazed there is free candy.
YC's 'Racks' Producer Sonny Digital Talks Collabo
me jarred cliff and macaiyah about to come. you in bader?
Okay, I totally missed something. Was it in the cereal?
What To Expect When You're Expecting's Rodrigo Santoro Talks Getting Ready For Kids And preparing for the 300 sequel.
Happy 135th Birthday Colorado! Rio <3's CO
felton is costing us ping pong balls tonight
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ALL (I'm not talking to you if it really is your birthday)
I love being in the car with my boyfriend for some reason. <3
I like the pic, but minor correction: King beat Hopper, Shilling beat Kapanke. :)
I HATE forgetting to put earrings in in the morning <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
you headed to the grand canyon?
Not right now, last night it was WW3. LoL
Today's the day! NYU graduation. Morgan's 16th birthday. WHAT A DAY :)!!
Excited to hear Steve Nobel speak about "hugging your clients"
ok, thank u! U been ok?
partying my ass off...just kiding..
there ya go dick
that is just enough :)
it is? lol
say hi to Brie ;-)
I will teach u there is an app for everything! Not all are free though!
People are stupid these days..
The short title for HR 2309 Postal Reform is the CPR Act. Introduced in June, it has 1 cosponsor (only).
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 32
When in Madison this weekend, get loaded off of #SpottedCow. BestBeerEver.Or search for the Octo-Bong!
Depressed that I will not get to see a #Rangers game in Zona
Fish don't fry in the kitchen. Beans don't burn on the grill...
aw lucky bastard, I gotta wait another week for mine, and there's the car show in between...
Dang, ATL airport is huge! Must be 10 active runways... The air traffic control people better be caffeinated and on their game!
Tomorrow's starting line for SCIAC 4 hosted by : , Miles Cole, , Hazzaa, Reiger, and
thank u! Have a great day as well!
The guys in Spanish soap operas>>> #woo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
congrats on the launch - I'm excited to follow and perhaps jump in!
A hug is a great gift - one size fits all, and it<U+FFFD>s easy to exchange
thanks on that follow back
jazz music is all set for a fantastic wedding
That would be fair game. Whoever did it was clever enough.
Thanks Man!!
: District lookup map isn't working for me, but kudos for diving into the maps api… That's where the fun is… cc:
Hey there , thanks for the shout! Hope you had a good weekend and are having a great start to the week!
(cc ) You are welcome! Break a leg!
Not surprised. Every new Todd Snider album is boss.
Just met some awesome tridelts in line at Diddy Riese. Love when that happens! loves ya !
Good morning world make sure to check out www.platinumposts.com
After a long day of selling 30 hats today, off to hill final #goodfriday service.
Frank will be missed. By nobody. RT By this time next week Frank McCourt is officially OUT, Team Magic IN.
yeah im here
Thought and prayers go out to the family and friends of Kenny McKinley
Waiting for the air-conditioning guy who is already 40 minutes late to our "anytime between 8 and 12" appointment.
replay Donnie, Kim Burrell, Tyler Perry and Kevin Costner
I wanna see it happen
I watched America's Got Talent last night and was pissed at all the stupid ass people that made it. Air drums? Go figure !
Maybe we should force sophomores to wear an S on their shirts and hide them away so that we won't get their "immature" cooties.
Crrapp running late!!!
RT : Wen u coming home??? Need a special hair du
I've been feeling recently. /:
"Do you wanna go there?" "Yes, I see boys in the window."
Don't get nervous girlfriend with that smile you will be fine! There a bunch of people who put there drawers on,like you and me
"fuck your dreams theyre worthless" 'im sorry. But thats not what my hero says.' thank you for inspiring me.
The Argonaut on H St. had a fire and tonight (6/30) the Rock & Roll Hotel is throwing a benefit. I donated some artwork to help out. Go see!
I'm enjoying the rain in LA - it's cleaning our city and gives a sense of a peaceful quiet.
I am loving life! So blessed
Kind of conceded to want alot of followers & people pushing you then follow none isn't is?
What's your most productive time of day? Before noon, after, evening, or if you're crazy, night? I'm much more of a morning person.
Go! Baby Go!
so tired dont want to go to skool tom....:(
If you're out there somewhere reading all my tweets feeling as if you are back in my life, you aren't. Please stop trying to get back (cont)
You remember our Lou Gehrig. When he was stricken and could not play [baseball], I appointed him a Commissioner on the Parole Board. [1945]
Help create strong, inter-webbed social media campaigns by working together
Called my mom today said hi ... 3 seconds later said bye #whatagreatmom -__-
Jaming to my brothe bachata mix then some while this long 5 hour flight ..
Jerk trucker is a jerk.
Winter just got real. 9 degrees and some actual snow on the ground.
let's go HAWWWKS
RT : just made a couple bookings at the Inn today! Hope to see you soon
" Headed to get it in this morning" //// that means somehting different in my house
i've alway wanted a house that has secret tunnels to get to 's house...
New topic - Olympus E-7 what you are expect or hoping for...
It is a *very* small world. Which is pretty awesome actually.
UC u have possibly the shittiest dorms known to mankind. My gf had to put up with ur shit all year but hey we can always afford a multi
ayyyeeee we gotta finish that track!! This certified bang too hard.
:why the hell can't metro pcs users text :'( Not fair, I wanna win #CaliChristmas tickets too, I'm just broke
...& sit in the corner in the living room for the rest of her life.
drinkin at the traintracks. good night folks ;)
Dear people who switch lanes in bumper to bumper traffic, I hope a bird poops in your window
Woke at 4 am and couldn't get back to sleep. Apparently PPV is showing a movie called "Submissive Sluts" Seems early for that.
We are. I'll look for you
#dekalbcounty coward cop likes to shoot chained family pets when he screws up, kick pregnant women, & torture old ladies.
right? Either way you STILL get to feel all superior! :)
I know, wouldn't it be fitting if brady got hurt in the 4th quarter and could plad in the AFC title game!
This bus right now<
Dear work, you won. Love, Kemet.
U tryna text?
Off to Providence, Rhode Island for today and tomorrowww.
Went on a 2 mile jog after lifting?
Akfhejvjsbdivhwgcjbsgshch. I'm so excited I can't speak right!!
Two words for those horrible throws at the dunk tank. "C'mon Man!!"
It was a cute pik! Happy Tuesday!
“And in the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” – Abraham Lincoln
I'm such a bad parent. :-(
Yes, I think iPhoto for iOS is worth $4.99. It has a lot of features for the price.
May I interest you in some Goggles?
Sometimes I want rip my brain out of my head and scream at it for being so damn unreliable.
"More Than This" is a great song! I will keep that suggestion in mind! ;)
"good head" you bought something called that. Idc or know wat dat is but that's goofy af
There once was a man from Nantucket; who ... Oh, sorry.
Maybe later
I went there today!
It's also National Nylon Stockings Day... but... er... um.... just don't go there, ladies. Ever.
Cause I've got three little words that I've always been dying to tell you
point taken but who says 'not' anymore?
I can tell you, honest friend, what to believe: believe life; it teaches better that book or orator. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
so far I haven't, but will make an effort to, lovely voice
oh we here bro, 635 has never looked so good
RT : massage or facial treatment 3-packs on sale now! look amazing this holiday season! on.fb.me/vE65rr
Dorney today with the crew!
Sounds exciting... Well then...
#socializeconf Listening to
That's because he can't win at anything. yall know what it is...
Chillin in the house...kicked it with ma krown record familia toro and osito had a great time
Agreed. This pair is quite something. RT "As they say, behind every great man is a great woman... tiny.cc/86xmd"
John how goes it sir?
yeah, theres no kid in andrews area other than some asain kid
Baby sittin again. And bored as shit. And zomg! i am actually reading!
about 30 miles south of Monterey. Julia Pfeifer Burns State Park. Not enough superlatives to describe it.
Rise and shine CLO Breakfast Clubbers...breakfast is served!
I have yet to encounter a spellcheck dictionary that includes the word artifactual.
You're welcome!
Steven Tyler is a champion
#uhsb given a 3-0 lead Parnaby fails to hold it as byu ties it up. Parnaby had given up 9 runs of her 19 total to byu this year.
#tigerblood if you don't know what it is, you don't have it!
Might be going to Montana tomorrow!!! Graduation and Maggotfest...what a weekend it shall be!
thank you!
If not us, who? If not now, when? If not a Taco, then what?
nixgee that one was for you
good morning(; <3
The old school hip-hop is the best part. Walked in on a Friday to Ice Cube.
that makes sense...we #Browns fans love disappointment but if the #Lions can build a winner I think there's still hope
I'm trying not too! Hah
oh well then i guess ur right. bobs his dick hahhah
#ChileIsWaitingForYouAustin please come
Is it......Madison Alamia?!
TY for the mention FREE CASH BACK on purchases @ over 3500 stores FREE $$$ not strings attached!!!
so i totaly got my ZOMG bracelet today!!!! thanks nate!!! <3 i love it!
Science does not know its debt to imagination.
thanks ny girl happy Tuesday to you too
No, in Central Austin...but luv the Hill Country..esp in Spring!
That moment when you realize that Chris Heimsworth is in 3 movies coming out this summer, and you just cant handle that much sexiness
It's a little dry.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 59
start a new 5 day split..by the way,,curse your SF giants
I follow everyone that follows me :)
this could be a possibility. Fingers crossed that its not one of those gutless nights that we have so often.
Haa. Its not the same.
Felt the exact same way leaving there on Monday!! RT : Frys Electronics is the worst store for customer service --- another...
Love these warm nights!
Often we see that newbies are simply not invited back, sometimes due to not capturing contact info.
So long David DeJesus! you've signed with the Cubs, and I'm sure you will bat .320, hit 20 HRs and drive in 75 RBIs.
Wow, thats just wrong! What up with Florida, remind me never to go there, well Disney World ok!
I feel like watching Bug Juice.
I have been dying vying, trying to see that movie...aha, let me know when lady!
lets #chill .
get em lebron...finish this game!
Yeah man. Because sometimes I'm in the mood for a good bar fight. Gotta know my target.
seconded. Electra bike was the best thing I ever bought Jan.
Pacers showed some #TrueGrit. Loved Uncle DWest's ushering of the kiddos off the floor.
To look at the reviews apparently I'm the only one who has figured this out.
All forms of government ultimately are not going to achieve success in attempting to control or censor the Web.
YES I DID.
Jamming to Justin Bieber on my way to LA.
I'm disappointed that the station that airs the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show thought it needed to censor Time's cover.
I know right?!? I said the same exact thing on facebook :D
yes I can
I always manage to spill something at a dinner table. Hahaha..
loved your #success article - thanks!!!
Sorry babe, will call you. Just been really swamped lately, which I guess is a good thing. I will.
...So I'd vote for just a basic website and then an awesome query letter, as someone below said.
Happy National Pancake Day! Wonder what sort of pancakes they had in Spanish Colonial times? Pinon and Blue Corn? Ha.
There is a lot of buzz about future HARP changes. We can help now, with our DU Refi Plus program. Let us connect you with a loan officer!
Age aint nothin but a number
i would love a GoogaMooga ticket if you still have one to spare!
We are very happy to finally get to work with you guys.
Oh. You're dating my ex? Cool. I'm eating a sandwhich. You want these leftovers too? :)
RT : "Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want." - Jim Rohn
Did you know there are over 35+ Co-working, Collaborative Workspaces in the Mke Region? You can check them out during #MKEInnovationWeek!
The mother of LA arson suspect Harry Burkhart says he is mentally ill. Or as most of Hollywood would call him, German.
Advice often overlooked. Nater is full of awesome wisdom.
like clockwork for the nuggets.
Blessed at the wonderful service at tonight. We have INCREDIBLE worship leaders! Thank you Stephen and Star Smith!!!
And the this
I was attracted by vision and mission for IAWBO. Also loved her commitment to achieving more online in record time!
Nicki's clothes are outrageous, her wigs are over-the-top, her flow schizophrenic but she can't sell any of that live or in a video.
you told me you loved me, so why did you go away?
I could use a hole to hind in right now...
ughh im tryin to fix my facebook cuz it got disable... nd im loosen my patient wit this piece of crap
Today is National Peace Officer Day. So may friends in law enforcement. God bless you folks for what you do.
Would way rather be going to kickass show tonight then going to work! Hope you guys kill it!
thnx for the follow...
Thanks. Yes that's the plan. Clubs are a little dusty. And I know I'm a bit rusty.
Yup. 1,000 crabs...4 hours! It's what we do Baltimore! Thank you!
surf surf surf
tks always looking for new technology to use for my students and myself
Watching potential of wx pattern to become more stormy late in week, going into week of x-mas, across much of East. U.S.
nothing really u?
This week with Spott, you support and their Gifts of Life catalog, which keeps Tijuana health clinics running...
lol, it was too big and I couldn't hold it, so what was the use of knowing how to play?!
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time.
Sidebar: I had absolutely no expctatns b4 seeing "Think Like a Man" but it was hilarious!! I actually wanna c it again lol
thx. Let's keep the channel open.
Just found a street in SF named "O'Farrell St." Nice. :)
We've got amazing prices on Flyers and most of you need new flyers right now!!!
A thankful heart is not only the greatest virtue, but the parent of all the other virtues. ~Cicero
love you too <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
he made my night !
.: I think the #American people would want us to chose #children and their health insurance."
even though we about froze to death!
Jewish Proverb~ Never trust the man who tells you all his troubles but keeps from you all his joys.
not a flight risk and turned himself in. Has to be looked at independent of media storm. I know that's one helluva debate!
Don, great connecting w/ you at LA this week & thanks for the Twitter shout! Shot you an e-mail & hope to follow up w/ you soon.
Who will be
“: I miss my boyfriend” oh wait, I don't have one.
Let me put the real pussy in yo life ;)
Mane m not coming out here no more wtf !
you read strib comments before 9 am on a Monday? Brave man.
#real men hm real men are so hard to come across in these days of time very few actually exist def taking my time when it comes to "love"
Nice night for a walk. Too bad I’m in the wrong city for that.
Both Hindenburg & Titanic carried mail to subsidize their journeys. Mail contracts were lucrative.
2012 is starting off with a bang...just signed with a fabulous Literary Manager & about to start Text You for Teens.
You right tho, my ex LOVED to just watch in anticipation of her serving lol
in desperate need of a tan
okay...gotta go to school. have a great day, friends!
very proud of you!!! <U+2764>
So glad its my friday, lookin forward to 2 days off!
looking forward to meeting the team!
don't worry I am
no because the guy is will
Booth 39 at Rossini Festival -- see you soon!!
I bet they won't! your not that important! :)
#JamesGangSKC Where would you like to watch SKC games at in St.Joe?
Oops, meant to send that from this account. I hardly ever check that other one.
loved my otterbox but not watertight. Lifeproof is watertight
In Milwaukee strippers ask for tips when they show over ..
The Chester County Hospital () has announced plans to construct a 3-floor, 93k sq ft patient care tower with 72 private rooms
all guys are the same. once i meet one that's actually different, then i'll say that i was wrong. until then, FUCK guys. #dumbasses d:<
Miles Cole was Oxy's low today with a 75, Weiss followed with a 76. Full results to come soon...
People really need to get the full story before making false accusations...
2011 is starting slow.... but I'm having a feeling its gonna pic up. s piece has reinspired me to concentrate on head pieces.
Tony Bingham, CEO of ASTD is now talking about importance & future of mobile learning.
Thanks booboo. I get to present my fav subject ... cats!
Vote n the primary tomorrow!
They're still trying to do hip hop in that old ass coffee shop?
and date guys with beards cause bearded men lead more peaceful lives
relaxing in this nice weather how u doing
have you tried another email address? I just checked and it worked for me. Is your current email afraid to rock?? :)
Serge Iblocka doesn't let anything get past him
Thank you Kayak--your thoughts mean a lot on this long ride home...
If you have received a direct message from Renew Chicago today about "bad blogs", please delete it and do not click on the link.
She left RIAA "to spend time with family" before Bieber existed.
There are no such things as miracles. It's just plain luck.
Metric-Eclipse(all yours)
Livetechondemand.com online virus removal, via remote access! Anywhere in the world all you need is an internet connection
stay out of the stabby zones! I want to see your pretty face again.
lmao! I know right... Ima need you to be here to hop in front of some bullets just incase lol
New Kids On The block had a bunch of hits - Chinese food makes me sick. And I think it's fly when girls stop by for the summer." ::lfo::
Just booked a PayPal commercial! Yippee!
I got my
I wonnder if a tall skinny person & a short fat person waz on fire who would
Will have to check it out Mike. RT : Thanks to Paul Dickson for the enjoyable new book on my Dad. Fun read.
DEF: DiBernardo did not shoot to kill victim, accidentally fired shot into abdomen when victim moved toward DiBernardo
yes better starting point would be: "all about the experience." inevitably leads to procedural designs, real participation, etc.
When did my area become a haven for potheads :-) lol second day in a row the area around my corner store reeked of pot
Loving the pandora comedy stations
I have a crazy idea for you. Anxious to chat. Cheers!
I like to sleep.. I just dont like to wake up or go to bed. x5
hii bo boo i love my lil sister
Think about it. Pray about it. -JOURNEY YOUTH
This restaurant is so fucking lame as hell
GR8 point RT : "Youve got to want it, to win it." -You cant force anyone to learn anything that they dont want to learn.
Well he`s definitely a contradiction to the core of Christianity.
Be sure to stop by 2nd & Wisconsin Ave & see a beautiful display by in , announcing their fall arrival Downtown!
Being #unemployed and struggling to find a job has to be one of the worst feelings ever!
I second, search results are no longer showing up.
Every time I think I have figured out where Nauert's strike zone is, he confounds again
RT : Feels like a good night to hit 3,000
hope u find one patti and pray that i can i get motivated to get out of the house and find one myself.
[cont] propaganda fueling nationalism, corruption in favor of the wealthy, the corruption of politics by wealth, etc... )
my favorite kind of BLT!!
Are you guys coming back to the upper west side? Need my joyride frozen yogurt fix!
ok nia....how can I get a Chris Hayzel ringtone
that is not good.....
oh, it's 's birthday?! Happy Birthday! And didn't leave you for Prince Harry, so things are looking GOOD!
what no Penelope Cruz?
Actions cause responses (I.e. positive or negative consequences).. Religion/Morals/Philosophy influence a persons actions
You're taking the pessimistic approach... one can always strive to do better. That struggle represents the fuel of humanity.
lol glad you figure out how to work it :) better than pandora ey? :)
Monday morning, hesitate, can't get out of bed.
congratulations on your unbridled ambition and desire to GSD!
I need a #PickMeUp to outweigh the bad. Looking for the good in this mess.
The ground of justification is the blood of Jesus Christ. He paid fr this righteousness given 2 us (Rom. 3:24; Heb. 9:22).
“: Best friends don't let you do stupid things..... Alone.”
Wow, that was fast! Everyone go follow if you don't already!! :D
if you see this by any chance can I get a follow from you, <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Good day at the cherry blossom festival on the sw waterfront. Music and crab cakes from the. Not so many cherry blossoms though.
welcome to my world
Parents are quick to point the finger when their child acts up, when they are the blame.
> $4.25M in real estate sales YTD plus I have another contract offer currently being considered. Good for me, my clients & the econony!
At Bankers Life Field House in Indy watching 's Hawks take on 's Pacers.
Is Fried's breaker just an out pitch, or is he comfortably throwing it in any count?
A great day for our next generation today
OH CAPTAIN, MY CAPTAIN!!! BOOM!
There moment I wish I was invisible to u
what is he supposed to do for his fans that live far away? There's nothing besides ustream. He hasn't even had ustream for (cont)
Totally stoked! I just won tickets to the Dublin Down Festival from #UNLVTickets. Awesome.
NIce one, G!
#Aquarius are...what you want but can't have!!!! Lol :p
First two days of camp were Amazing!!!
Goin places, rollin j's, I live the life you wish you had. #Wizdom o_O
Can't believe I'm actually at a 10pm movie AND it's scary. The Thing.
Your mother is so careless with semantics. She replaces indefinite articles with definite ones in series titles.
Annoyed by liers
The Lord is compassionate and merciful, slow to get angry, and filled with unfailing love. -Psalm 103:8
but I'm da youngest of the 3 :)
Tarmac not a good place to be waiting after this supposed earthquake.
I hate to love you.
you're the nasty one- I was talking about my psychology! Sheesh... Lol
just signed up on twitter. I handle the neuro at PLoS Bio. We should, like, know each other, and stuff.
I've always wanted a pet pig too! Maybe we can adopt one together and have joint custody?
It's not to late to get that great Valentines day gift! We are open til 7pm. Bath and Body Bistro 110 Morningside NE !
"ed sheeran, if you had a micro pig that could lay golden eggs, what would you name it? P.s I love you. From amber xo"
I've come to a realization today....... DISCLAIMER: WHAT I SAY IS IN NO WAY INTENDED TO BE RACIST.
heads up that I'm seeing a bunch of HTTP 500s. Although I'm guessing you use one of those error reporting services!
Went to WAPF Ventura meeting and met Theresa who is going to help balance my pregnant state of mind: www.tvernonlac.com
Dance meets technology in 2 performances of Alban Elved @ SECCA/ Sat. and Sun. Check www.secca.org for ticket info. Hope to see you there.
Other industries have discovered the efficiencies of #cloudcomputing and SaaS combined with getting your clients online. Healthcare is due.
If you could make a wish for the world and have it come true, what would you wish?
#TheAwkwardMoment When You Open The Bathroom Door And Somebody Is Already In There
I need to focus. I can't have anything distract me. I have to do this. I will get myself back to the person I want to be.
Someone likes Eraserhead...Great work on the vid buds.
Me too RT : I could probably subsist on guacamole and cheese alone.
Preparing for the next trip to Cambodia! Want to join in?
#ReplaceSongLyricsWithPaul Do you ever feel like a plastic Paul; drifting through the wind, wanting to start again?
On the dango paper chase mane I done been up for three dango hours gettin this dango money mane!!!
In many situations, the breath becomes the lifeline. The breath is is one thing that we can hold on to.
Gethsemane's Garden, Golgotha's Hill, the borrowed tomb, the ascension to the Father was all unto Pentecost's Upper Room.
Who knew? RT #DisneyFact The Aristocats was inspired by a true story of a Parisian family of cats c. 1910 that inherited a fabulous fortune.
My nails are a lovely shade of Bud Light Blue.
That Happened to me not too long ago
alright meet u ther opr ill see u inside?
Can someone keep me posted on the Baylor Game.
Another Perfect night last night. 4-0. The least two Days have yielded a magnificent record of 13 wins and 0 Losses.
Hi there. Looking to see if we can book you on this Monday PM on SlutWalk. What's the best way to reach you?
Just relaying the past. :) If you have MLA annual meeting venue ideas, suggest on MLA '12 evaluations.
Be sure to join us in the library tomorrow 12:30-1:30 for a Maker Break! We'll be creating paper snowflakes and enjoying hot chocolate.
Click the link and then go to entertainment heading. Scroll down and its on da right next to my pic.
Wow. Fantastic updates to the My platform. Great customer user experience
I'm not from here
I did everything that came across my desk. So I'm ok with it!
and it begans
. Diz-round1, D.N.A -2, and D.N.A edged it in the third cuz Diz wasted time and d.n.a made the crowd boo Diz.
Bisi, that's a legit price or are YOU trolling? Lol
CM Drunk Is trending? come on guys that is disrespectful!
My heart is about to pop out my skin
do i cry while watching casper? yes. yes i do. p.s. devon sawa!!!
I'm broadcasting the #Broncos #NFL #Draft Party live tomorrow. Follow for the links.
great seeing you too, lady bird! Lets do HH soon.
Weaver's reaction is just awesome!
Wish me luck on my Softball Game? <3
Aww my brat of an 8 year old cousin was in tears when I left. I can't wait til his wedding to remind him. <3
It's true, rocked the house!
What bands are you playing with these days?
I just read. I'm so sorry for your loss. All my prayers to you and xoxo
A Charles #Dickens quote for CIOs in honor of his 200th: "Do all the good you can, and make as little fuss about it as possible"
Congrats at achieving your Kickstarter goal!
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 13 Washington Redskins 20 End Of 3rd #buccaneers #redskins #nfl (Via )
Ted Williams the next Bob Shepard? The current guy at the stadium sounds like he sucks on helium before every pitch
1st LoveVoodoo DE Meet & Greet will be this Friday, Jan 6th at Tom Foolery's in Middletown, DE. Come join us!
I LOVE !!!!! BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!! Thanks for your help, Jason!
#Scorpio always takes the sexual temperature in any room! Stay one step ahead of them by keeping something hidden from them to reveal later
Business n bullshit today. I'm ready fa it to be over. They kilt my bday fareal
laundry is going watching titantic searching youtube. im pretty cool
It's officially my favorite month :D
you don't look a day over the 363rd day! Happy Birthday. :)
well i'm a woman and i would be completely freaked out by it! if that counts for anything.
Woohoo off of work till next year!!!
Hey , what's a good use of QR code in classrooms? Got a teacher presenting her 5th grade service learning project via QR!
Autistic people need to turn to someone to help, because NO ONE helps Autistics & no one cares.
Anyone have an affiliation with the police? Would like to speak to someone about ticket scams.
Line out in Bath 22
thats way cool kim.. Ur amazing:-)
that's why we always have to take my car.
#WeWontWork if you never make time for me
he love the way im #ridin , they love the way im #ridin ~ciara-ride
At pizza ahuttle
The Zooey Deschanel and Leon Redbone version of Baby, It's Cold Outside is phenomenal. I can't think of a better rendition.
thanks so much for meeting with us this afternoon. We are excited about the future!
Whoever said "It's all in the journey" never had to deal with Penn Station.
Thanks for sending me the new twitter address (handle?!)
Wish me luck! Just applied for a paid internship for the Modesto Nuts Baseball media crew!
I'm wondering what your biggest paper organizing challenge is. Please share.
i miss you guys, so much. We should go get some mexican when you come to dallas! c;
i love the supportive ppl in my life. L O V E. <3
ha! Agreed! I love her, I mean I want to be her, I mean idk what I want! Hahah miss u!
ha no its cool. we talked about it. she wasn't tripping her sister just made a big deal about it
I love spending my Cinco de mayo at the hospital. -.- <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
social websites are startin to suck right about now
Minus the eye liner. RT : amy winehouse
Can`t believe it`s the 81st birthday of B`ham, AL`s Willie Mays. No question he was the best that ever played.
It's So Nice Outside :)
thanks for music recco : . on rotation now, me like.
Great insight today {Shopper Centric Design} Huge thanks to Kelly Smith !!
What kind of herbs do you suggest for cleansing?
#Badgers Cassandrah Darrah named #B1G Co-Pitcher of the week. Posted two wins and a 0.58 ERA to help UW to a series sweep of Penn State
yayayayyaya. you dont know anything about me
ha, for reals?:o
send me an email to let me know what times you are available to do the mix show.
Correction, 3k activist join for #vasen call!
goodnight then I got the message loud & clear!
Is the book really better than the movie or do you just want me to waste time reading this book?
I believe God is constantly challenging us, stretching us to dare to believe Him even when things seem impossible.
Fell off a cruise ship. I wouldn't say I survived, I'd say I thrived.
In the fat cat room at the Humane Society <U+E106>
Females really thinking they're attractive because a lot of guys want to have sex with them... NEWSFLASH: HE HEARD ABOUT YOU.
really tasty!!
And the best team won!!! Go Habs GO! Must book flight to MTL now!!
Guys have to be treated good too, its not all about the girl in the relationship.
Thanks lover!
"There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you."-Maya Angelou. Happy Birthday, Maya!
Hangin with and at 's #next # superbowl Party
did you get deets yet?
ok baby:) i love u kisses!!!!<3
Thanks so much for following us! Keep up the great work!
Bout to hit those streets with love of Christ!!! ~ EXPOSE.Empower.Unleash.
Things that make you go hm....?
Thanks for the RT's! , ,
Great thought before bed: RT Behind every great achievement is a dreamer of great dreams. Robert K. Greenleaf
have a heart... give it to some one! Happy Valentines day People!
RT : Btw if u put 5 different colors of M&M's in your beer mug, your beer turns green.
Speak Up provides school,district&state leaders w/similar local or regional data from stakeholders to inform their policies,programs&funding
so much. You haver no idea.
Can I get a little help #sschat in coming up with lesson for columbian exchange incorporating real foodstuffs?
Our Sources tell us Bobby Brown intends on filing a lawsuit against Whitney's Funeral Security Detail, man he won't let Whitney rest!
Shaq just graduated Barry University? What a guy. I hope to be back in school soon.
stfu always beating to the punch 1 of days i am goin to have a badd ass female nigga that u can't have
: "the interactive portion should be an adjunct to a real, live community."
Ehh... no... haha . but it was a close game :3
Currently looking for staffing professionals in Manhattan! A/F Full Cycle Recruiters –Manhattan IT Full Cycle Recruiters –Manhattan Sales …
Funny, I've had a "Tweety" profile for over a year but didn't get it. I think I get it now...
I think we're influential about unicorns according to Klout.
It obvious your fine, but I just wanna make love to your mind
I don't follow too many ppl who r paleo insiders. What r they saying?
"That's the way - uh huh uh huh - I like it - uh huh uh huh!"
Chipotle serves us kid size burrito bowl per request, then charges full price, explaining they don't offer kid size. Please.
RT this is making sound botlike #cyborg - block of vision and the feed. wow.
your on my Twitter!
I been on a super loss & rarely gain type thing. I lose people or people let go of me.
that's too mean
hope my classes don't conflict with the cults show at
MIAMI (AP) - Florida International has fired men's basketball coach Isiah Thomas, after the Hall of Fame player went 26-65 in three seasons.
": What'd I miss?" not a thing whats good
You're welcome! :)
Working on my new website. I hope to launch it by May 1st! Stay tuned for updates :)
thanks! We should be recording a new episode this week. To post your sessions, PM me your email address and will set you up.
On my way to work
Why do the spokespeople in Kashi cereal commercials always come across slightly ....special?
when I'm with you, it's like the world is just for us.
FLIPPING OUT CANT WAIT TO SEE 's BOYFRIEND VIDEO!!!! :D
Boom. Nailed it. #oneillgglass RT : Long Day's Journey Into Flight.
Wow, that 3 day weekend went by quickly.
maxx. sock monkey. i want one in each color.
I believe there is a mad Mex down under. You should check them out.
Looking forward to heading to Chicago for #NASBHC conference on school-based health care next week. Watch for posts from event.
stayed up till midnight doing homework i could care less if im in pjammas and its supposed to be 70 degrees today
New Orleans kicked my ass
Love the proactive listening from the and connecting with me after saying I want to see them live again soon. You guys rock!
Then monster & 5hr energy! RT : Monster > RT : Coffee... Yes yes, that good kick in tha a$$ in tha morning!
Shorty just attacked me from the blindside. Used to be a player now I'm sidelined. Connect like wi-fi, Mixed like tye-dye.
she just looked at me weird.......
RT : The Local Web: A Video Infographic. shows local opportunities national brands are...
Tonight's show with Behemoth / WATAIN / The Devil's Blood / In Solitude is completely SOLD OUT! GET READY TO ROCK!!!!
keep up the good work!
#askzayn Do you need to cast off the post to attract the attention of millions, or something else??? ..
Mavs fans sick right now
It's a new dawn. It's a new day.
I'm still too pumped from The Avengers to sleep
Reed Hastings speaking now at
Looks like we'll have to attend! RT : Looks like we'll be serving tacos at the Urban Garden Party next month!
Knee-deep in SPSS for a custom report on a client's student services. It's been a long time since I did a survey project.
Both. Personal content is valuable to businesses. Utilities/tools/offers are important to the consumer.
Thanks for the warm welcoming ladies. I fear another technological addiction is on the horizon.
Yeah. But now that I see what scalpers are getting for them I'll probably just sell your seats and by myself a new car.
#YEE Pizza time! :D
Alert: September 2nd Art, Music & Old Fashioned Soap Box Speeches with Clay·Glass·Metal·Stone Gallery - bit.ly/southfloridaalerts
Welcome to those faculty members visiting from Poland's Adam Mickiewicz University !
Go ducks. Who knew?
Why do I keep running from the truth All I ever think about is you You got me hypnotized So mesmerized And I’ve just got to know
I would LOVE a with you How fun would that be?!
who knew this photo shoot would 2 b an all day "production"! the finished product will b worth it, shout out to KUL Magazine! Lets Get It!!!
let's get a matching pair! <U+E31B>
#Thatstupidmomentwhen you apologise to someone and they should be the ones apologizing.
Thanks for coming! RT : Had a gr8t brunch Need 2 go back 2 try da rest of da menu. #TriTip Hash &
You too RT : Thank you for the follow!
*hugs* I know you lost a friend, too. My condolences.
I am that Ambitious Girl wussup
I feel your pain. I've been setting on a story that could/should have been finished 3 years ago.
no hon. NYC only.
Oh me too! but I'll spice up twitter in a bit >:) lol
Actually ! MT On w Rachel tonight on MSNBC at 9. My task: explain how bad GOP budget is #HInt:ThisSpeakerGoesTo11
Wow Carrie Ann calm down! Talk more about the dance please!
Eager has degressed over the past 2 years.
Happy Turkey stuff and stuff.
“: RT : #stlcards have called a press conference for 9 a.m. CDT today at Busch Stadium < Pujols is staying!” or Tony.
you lucky girl!
I hate Jb
okay YES PLEASE. Zeus isn't quite as appreciative of my dance moves.
Today's tip: Try adding in a little exercise before a meal. Even just a 10-minute walk can help decrease your appetite.
Roll call: I'm at the Spring Game... Who's with me?
- cracking me up tonight, man. Also a '97 grad still waiting for the phone to ring. Lets go CAPS.
"Satellites are a motherf***er!" - <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
love da song cant wait for the cd and you grown up to be a sexy man
call me
thank you 4 following us, very nice designs..
thanks babe (:
Quarterback Chris Forcier will participate in Pro Day at Furman University tomorrow.
That was freaking amazing!!!!! :D best night ever!!!!!
Spring Break>>>
TELL #WFX- What is your greatest need around training for your tech team?
Rick Ross just signed Omarion to MMG
Yeeeeaaahhhhhhh. It's probably not your face. Are they predominantly male?
I hate the fact that you say you miss me, but you don't do anything about it.
Does anyone have a Pinterest account? And if so, would you be willing to send me an invite?
thanks! I have to show you it when i see you! and yes! Im so excited!
. And we will work out the details. Have no idea how that happened! So sorry and chat w u soon!
And Elijah Johnson for the lead!!!!
7) Be lucky. - Donald Trump’s rules of success. Rule #8 coming in 4 hours.
110 cappers posted today with tonight's action and 5 consensus from their pks and looking to repeat like last nites 5-1 record and all FREE
holy shit either get back together or stop tweeting about each other daily cuz we get it
Here's to a wonderful and prosperous 2012 for all...
: please that's 's fault for not reading the pitching reports that I put in w/his daily bible passages
i just can't! i'm a die hard. they'll come around one day... even if i'm like 90 by then.
Bill Clinton #obama support of #gaymarriage ensures support of all #seniors who dream of grandchildren in same sex marriages.
I understand!
haha no i wish :( i might be lucky tho this summer cuz im probably going on vacation in LA :)
Futures favorite drink is sprite & lean
I'm filling my fridge with pickles and Arizona's! Say something if you want to but I suggest you pack your lunch when you come over.
poo on hackers!!!
#OTH break over and back to studying!
Had fun this week with. Brooke,Hope,Layne,Taylor,Rylan,Shelbie,Sloan,Sawyer,Evan, and Aaron(:
On my way to support my sister Prophetess Angela Jones, it's about to go down!
I do not want the inaugural championship trophy to bear the #Paterno name. Will become known as Stagg-"insertpun"
this kids name was fuk (pronouced foo-uk). Whenever he said something werid we would all say what the fuk?
WOWWW way to steal my shit!!!! And I get no credit. Ima start copywriting my ish
you and Mahomies~we are forever and always a family~
may i recommend one of Dr Bailey's Hot Toddies? 29 out of 30 Helens agree it beats the shit out of Nyquil
I cant believe i'm having a hard time drawing white ppl! This is so not good.
It's all happening in Oakland right now: the occupiers vs. tear gas, grenades, & a new armored tank. Yeah, Oakland has a tank.
for sure lol
King of being the 2nd best on the heat .Game throwing fucking rich ass loser,you need big names to save you
This fight is sick. The crowd loves the underdog, always.
LOST my FRIGGING PHONE! NOT HAPPY JAN!
76 pins in my head.
On my way to a shoot w/
. thanks for the shout out! It's going to be a good year for the races
RT - Two first place teams, the Indians and the Yankees, collide in Cleveland on Monday for game one of their series...
City bbq smells soo good
Have you seen it? <3
I hope The Sixers Hulk Smash the Celtics!
First session with "Business buyers don't buy your products, they buy into your approach to solving their problem."
I know thats right
#ThingsMyExSaid "my ex means nothing to me" .. or "your the only girl in my life " LIES ON LIES ON LIES ya hurd
good. And why not?
This weeks special: $59 Sky & Sea Facial includes mask, extractions, and pampering for one hour! Say Ah!
I wanna go out I'm bored I'm sick been and house every weekend
LOCAL commercials during the super bowl.
I'm so GLAD it's Friday! Been one hell of a week, and I need to get Drunk!
Intermission at 'End of the Rainbow.' Tracie Bennett giving it her all. Incredible portrayal of Judy Garland.
Thanks for the great writeup in the a few weeks ago! (Better late than never, right?)
RT : Throw kids gifts out? Sad? Kids have nothing to do with this.
How are you my dear? Keeping people honest and in the know I bet;) Change only happens when we are informed!
Big Basketball tonight! Tough road game @ Wisconsin. Join us for some Badger hunting.
I had the same thought! So many looked older than 40...then I thought maybe that is how I look :)
Today I'm listening to Vic Rosenthal talking about solidarity with immigrant workers in Postville, Iowa, on MinnPost.com.
I thought I was rachet though!
Forests: Britain and businesses to tackle deforestation
that's gross.
I remember singing "Girls" in the first grade. "that's all I really want". RIP MCA - Lots of great B-Boys memories.
Weds night the place 2 be isBroadway Bar(8800 broadway)No Cover Great Drink Special. Dj Mystik video mixing. Peter Blue hosting the party
Happy Easter By The Way(:
it kinda looks like you lol
I'll be up there!
On some real shit im fucked up!!
Make today a Powerful Thanksgiving .... and make Tonight the start of the BEST Christmas Ever.... (New Music released tonight Facebook me)
Family Camp 2010 :)
Wish I were camping right now.
Rangers' week: Royals, A's, Astros
Actors/performers if u need PR done, choose ANYONE but David Salidor. Unless you want to be charged 4 work that won't get done & thretened.
Bwahahahahaha! Heading home in the bus from the class trip
Twitter= I need to pee. Facebook= I peed! 4square= I'm peeing here. Quora= Why am I peeing? Youtube= Watch this pee! LinkedIn= I pee well
I am diamond enjoy your celebration:))))
I wonder what magazine the photoshoot was for? Probably a fitness one or maybe Playgirl? :O lol
Literally don't know what to do right now
Who is the real Ndamakomg Suh on Twitter? No. No. I'm Lavander Williams:)
Wish I was there. Break a leg. MT : About to speak at CSA conf at UC-San Diego, "Addiction and Its Others" panel
stiff collar? stiff upper lip?
Ozzie Guillen is so great
i luv to talk but i get shy, weird huh???
I love empanadas! we gotta work it out so that the mayor gets special discounts &
"It's insane to dislike something because more people know about it,
There will be increased police presence at the Capitol tomorrow as more Walker supporters join in demonstrations: Elise Schafffer.
Planning on incorporating the annual #NOLAEats #Crawfish Boil into 's inaugural Crawfish Mambo, which I'll be judging. Interested?
#Nats gotta let Strassburg try to work out of this. Not sure he can.
thx for the RT! Very excited about Touring OH-features 12 Cincinnati area neighborhoods ch 411 hope u like!
Love is what you've been through with somebody
Anyone got a Moog they're looking to sell?
RT : Baylor women's basketball has just done what no other college hoops team has done before: 40-0.
Oh Bondi Band guru, do you have to buy them online or can you find them in stores?
okay yeah zach just said they're due thursday
I miss my Dad so much <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
still writing it, no link yet!
Although I feel bad for Colt, and I don't think he got a fair shake in Cleveland, Weeden can be a major upgrade at QB. 6'4 w/ a rocket arm.
Goodnight handsomes (: I love y'all very much!!(:
Wow! you got to do the real fire test. When I took extinguisher classes, it was via virtual reality.
That quote came from the President's statement today on the Meeting of the Interagency Task Force to Monitor & Combat Trafficking in Persons
Yes! we'll be watching you on tomorrow then. So proud of your actions, both on & off the battlefield. Semper Fi
chefs also have very thin, I mean thick skin and like to be teased:)
so is Ebay going crazy with Carlos Fuentes autographs?
When people are high-beaming me, I death stare them..then when I pass them and they didn't ever dim their lights, I'm blind and sad.
"Is that a finger?!"
| Thanks! Let's connect soon!
no, some other GIZMO did!! of course!! w/o u I wouldn't have ever gotten in2 twitter!! my goal for =500 Followers
Yeah, do try Dorian Gray again some other day is right - Once you are past a certain point, it gets really good.
Good morning Have a great day love
Freeze it. Fry it. All good.RT : So this is what happens when u leave your computer where your 1 year old can reach it
Woo playing music finna blow me
What's up Miami!! Who's partying in South Beach tonight??
Good times in #vegas. Now its off to #portland for another shoot. Let the good times roll!
Indeed great if managed well + get influencers involved
skincare is transforming my skin!
Great prices on label change for your t-shirt relabeling 1 or 2 label under the neck tape e-mail us at
Officially Stage Mom for dance recital! Kids learned last bit of routine, now to polish their moves. Recital packets next week.
"aggressive" roving reference. Rarr, watch out.
Love comin' back and ballin' w/my boys! Miss it. RT : nice of to return to the west lafy hoop scene today
Man, early ass shift tomorrow morning
Nope, but my GOogle™ $am$ung GALAXY™ tABlet let$ my lyrical AB$ orbit peacefully
I hate sleepin alone
are there any glassblowers on twitter? Let me know. I'm 1 of 2 in Albuquerque... that I know of.
that's it i Quit lolol! this album is hot! u make me sick lololol!!
Finish them off!! : TWO minutes left in the 3rd period! Empty net in the Flyers end. #njdevils”
Congratulations to and on tying the knot today at McHugh Creek and gathering friends in Anchorage!
Thanks to the tip from , & I were able to submit our score for the CrossFit Games Open! Now to cleanup my snatch...
haha nah I'm just trying to find a way to not do it :P lol tv is fun :D
The Housemartins, Eurasure, Yaz, .... Ok, I'm done, unless you want to switch to hair bands
Derby Day, Cinco de Mayo, and Karl Marx's birthday, quite the trifecta
Dropping a song in a few mins!! Just for fun.. Can u guess what it is?
iSatori Releases RestorAID™, Full-Spectrum Muscle Recovery System, to Help Athletes and Bodybuilders Get Back to the ...
NRA at CPAC: Obama's complete lack of any gun legislation in his 1st term was just a way of softening us up for a total gun ban in his 2nd.
Morning, morning
alright then.
following you now
That sounds like a wonderful job! :) Love it!
RT " 'Anarchists and provocateurs' to blame, says Oakland police chief bit.ly/spGgp6 "
Sure as soon as I leave for class #Chelsea start scoring. Hopefully they keep it up
"We will never listen to your rules...we do what we like and we like what we do!"
"Get you, 3,4, get you, like the number after 1, Ima get me 2!" - Lil Wayne (lyrically ridiculous)
Andy might speak a little.
Free bus ride! And the decade ends with a bang.
omg that freaking made me cry. That was great. She will love it.
Are you excited to get your braces off Austin?!?!
Full flight. Middle seat. Always lose.
Have a blessed night #TeamLNC #TeamLesbian #TeamGAY #TeamBisexual #LateNightLesbiansRadio we had a great show tonight <U+2661>
Partnering w/ WiGiT 2 offer skills institute on new wireless grid architecture. Will feature Prof Lee McKnight...
Don't start nothing you can't finish lol
Jazz Guitarist, Educator , Dom Minasi Now Teaching In The NYC & Woodstock/Hudson Valley Area Email Dom:
It’s Really Getting Bad When You Start To “Envy” Homeless Men…
Goodnight i love you guys:)
how can i get an ad for weesandiego
wish i had something to do..
Thank you my Coworking brethren for keeping me conscious of the long view
Welcome new consensus seekers and keeping voters engaged
i do it for fun
Every time I hear or see something about the avengers I think of you!
Need a vacation? Go to purgatory.
Going to see Breaking Dawn in Burbank!...maybe we will bring some cd's with us :)
Saw that...I just think he's the definition of everything wrong about things...no vision, dirty, & a lot more
#EBUS118 Remember you can search for #EBUS118 to review all Tweets from your classmates. May be helpful for online students who come later.
Hungry? We have helped kick off the summer with some delicious food. They are now serving Lunch and Dinner!
Wes Anderson soundtrack released today for Moonrise Kingdom. The question is: Which Stones song did he pick?
Thanks for listening! ^BPS
hey! It's goin good aaha and no problem!:)
happy mothers day everyone <3 about to get ready to visit my grandma with my mom and family :)
We watched the movie 'The day after tomorrow' yesterday. Very apropos with the storm. Except when the wolves started chasing people around.
People have no lives these days >.>...
As a constituent and a user of the internet, I oppose the SOPA and PIPA legislation. , ,
Wesley Snipes!
Will you show me how?
Me to leave him. I mean, Come ON! You are in your 30's! -Maria
RT : Women Rock Climbing with Teamwork In Action / May 5th, 2012 (1day) - DIY Santa Fe - Santa Fe Creativ......
Does anyone know wut time was the world supposed to end ??
Great did you follow us yet?
#vegas users - if your near or #mgm take a photo of the sportsbook area & upload to Earn cash for your effort.
it's turkey time ... almost! i LOVE thanksgiving. time to bust out those brown-n-serve rolls
Nervous for tomorrow haha lame
I'm so jealous
“: I saw a store advertisement that said "The AFTER Christmas sale starts THIS Friday (12/23)" O_O” LOL
broke two years ago now im worth a milli....jacksonz to the ceilin thatz how we ballin.....
MY graduation party bout to be like that i stamp bout to have some bands in their monopoly bread and i hit up bookin joint so yeah
Henry Red Cloud, 2010 #Nuclear Free Future Award Winner, encourages Puebloans for Smart Energy - Video - urlm.in/hlgx
police in aurora on a serious manhunt or something-Florida and Parker area-what's up with that?
#WorldCup !! GO #USA , #Germany and #SouthKorea ...the last one is for my boy
Ugh. I forgot how humid it gets in Baltimore. Let curly hair summer begin!
i remember laughing at *some* of that witticism. Curious, is there a link to an audio archive of sxsw panels?
Show us what you're made of TONIGHT | Open mic | 8PM onwards!
Kinda excited about today ... Get to spend it in Malibu
Guitar class then December Nights tonight, great day ahead.
Phil Mickelson (-5) has sole possession of #PGA Golf lead with J.B. right behind him. via
If you had a habbit of doin bad good is your enemy makes you wanna go bad agin !!
Sunrise Homes, Tampa about to launch new web feature: interactive floorplans deploying their touchscreen presentation on website.
Dear pornstars, no one believes you started in porn to launch your DJ career.
I love sleeping, because my life has a tendency to fall apart when Im awake.
Mhm tell me about it. I'm 85% Irish. I'll never tan. It's okay doe.
C! RT : Lol @ Alien Ant Farm's mosh pit.
: I'm about to pick at fight w/ you !
How are you now?
man... What a privilege to be able to watch an extraordinary Christian make an impact like this. God bless this guy!
We love this! how was breakfast???
I love jennifer hernandez soo much
Thanks for the tip! We will be in soon to try the burgers!
being this bored should be illegal
why they don't give me code?
Outstanding! Thanks for being our fan ;-)
On American Idol I wish you could vote against contestants, like
yes he does
Sitting in the Apple store, awaiting my genius bar appt and I really want to pull out my Kindle and read #HungerGames !!
“: Girls Who Party Every Weekend Is Not Wifey Material...”
This week's #TrendsTues is Jewelry! What is your fave piece right now? xox
please don't watch that. hoarding stuff is one thing, I fear watching animal hoarders will just be real sad and disgusting.
Your performance in TPP was fantastic! Congrats <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> So happy to have a night filled with Alexa! That's 2 movies on Lifetime now!
she is a great actress alwasy good to watch you both
I just realized your mom never texted me back....
All Systems Go for the Wednesday Morning Drive....
Anyone wanna see my formal dress? -Alex <3
Yessir, that is correct.
For everyone to have the opportunity to own a home.
hey Serenity
Thanks for all the attention, Melissa!
#loveislouder than hate and jealousy.
any new airlines or new city anouncementscoming in the future
hell the last one when she had the baby
Thx! Thx for the follow.I'm looking forward to reading I Wore the Ocean in the Shape of a Girl. Even the title is gorgeous.
Only ONE day left until the HF-Twestival. Omggggz
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily. -Zig Ziglar
Nice. You fly, I'll buy.
You bet. Same goes to you. Have a good weekend.
Uffff this Starbucks Coffee Ice Cream is definitely hitting all the right spots
So true RT : If you want to get off the treadmill, you have to get comfortable with being uncomfortable
Excuse me miss can you spare a dime .... Uhh, no ! In broke as fuck & you smell like piss.
I'm #juicing beets -- it looks like vampires have attacked my kitchen.
EPUB standard does not manage high design that is typical in textbooks, gives a flatter presentation of material
Always And Forever You And Me(:
i love you!
just started following. I expect some good stuff! :)
Broncos defense is a huge force to be reckoned with. Love Von.
The ArrayFire SOLVE function does this already. For hermitian / pos def matrices, it uses the Cholesky based solver rather than LU.
ikr lolz ....he come out of no where
Thought and prayers are with those affected by 9/11.
What's your favorite song to sing?
Watching the #e60 on Aaron Rodgers...its pretty awesome.
RT : RT Delicious users: If you haven't transferred info to AVOS yet, do it now or risk losing your account.
Uhh..is that John Locke doing commentary for #TheKentuckyDerby ?
What is your Favorite GA winery and Vineyard?
According to Giroux, he's one of the best in the league.
The "lost episode" SF Sketchfest Airplane! panel is a must listen, hilarious stuff and great insight. Thanks for unearthing this!
cool crew!
Prostitution is revolution. You can hate me, after you pay me
right?!?! the suggestion that they might is so insane that it makes me laugh.
beckett, can you go back to playing golf?
Thx for joining us! RT Thrilled my parents loved Mother's/Father's Day gift to wine dine & have a great time !
Mr. Hindsman did his best $1000 is still something
No thank you!
Adios Ruby on Rails, welcome back JavaScript
hey hon thats cute
Rain, just rain, increasing through morning. Brief showery break early afternoon before increasing rain near 5pm.
Never herd of it but ill check it out
really liking my "new" laptop given me by a friend to replace my 8+ yr old one that was giving me the ominous blue screen daily
Stirring Straw will be in Section 203 of the Bleachers today as and are on hand to see Hughes on the mound.
Up like 24hrs every other day! I guess I'm like a Supernova! I'll burnout before I'll fade away! "BOOM!" BURN! BABY! BURN! Looool!!!
you cant this Saturday?
Psychotic love is healthy love... <U+E412>
Do you try to stay offline on Saturdays or do you still check email?
Is working in Entertainment all its cracked up to be? Jeff Schulman gives the REALITY of working in a VERY tough industry...
King of Kings and Game of Thrones
oh he clap too!
follow back please
#prsawebinar Looking for some good ideas to move social from one or two people to a team effort!
Hi GMc All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
We love KGW! You're a great anchor. Contact us about you and your #colleagues coming in for a free #adjustment!
So do we!
environmental portrait today, should be interesting!!!!!!!! Leaving the strobes at home for this one.
pretty sure the majority of what i've said for the last hour has been "I'M HUNGRY" and "CAFE BRAAAZIIIIIL"
lmao no problem
I will always follow traditional NL rules. The best way to play baseball.
Producers of Avengers, Invictus & CrazyStupidLove Tell Stories for storyprojectLA fundraiser. Students get discount!
Wow. Yes security is a MUST! :)
Thanks for the retweet sweetie!
Will power wins again, and Sim Pagenaud was definitely putting up a fight to win the race!
Holy quads! Changing up my routine really made a difference.
Hey sweetie! Heard it went well! I talked about it for my entertainment report
Getting ready to head out in a bit for some night-before-birthday festivities...
Off to the movies after a long day of work.
Good you're doing great things..all the best 2 u...great site by the way. Forever a Hulk Fan!
Thank you to all of our Veterans. Please thank a vet today and buy them a cupcake or a piece of pie if you get the chance.
omg yes!! That's why! She's so scared to go over there. Gosh you know her too well lol
The excitement is here! The Tea Party is going to be so awesome. I can't wait to see everyone in their beautiful hats.
sorry about bboy confusion the other day...was aimed at brian about "80s band" moniker :) Fav album? Paul's B/Hello Nasty for me
Barrow Alaska had its last sunset of the year today. Next sunrise: January 23, 2010. Any complaints about weather in your town?
I wish you were following me!</3
As long a new followers idea of "social media" is not sending me a DM asking me buy their product. A little etiquette goes a long way.
I'm not sure if I'm a good or bad person, and I don't really mind.
you can count on me, like 1 2 3 and ill be there. and i know when i need it i can count on you like 4 3 2 and youll be there.
Drake - look what you've done <U+2665>
when r u coming 2 milwaukee,wi??
We are looking forward to our Juilliard Jazz Swingin' Alumni Celebration next week!
Them 20's I jus got dem
r u kidding...he can write a check to the treasury anytime!!They will not refuse it
Are you releasing songs with no plan or direction? Do u need a REAL producer 2 help you make better sounding records?
Wow... we're growing up... you have kids, he has kids... :)
2 Supernatural trending topics! Excuse me while my eyes X!
Haha it's not. Except they had Abita Purple Haze on tap and had been nagging me to try.
Also a nice reminder than skillful quantitative analysis does not necessarily require massive data or techno-studly hardware
never mind no city cuz my gay ass mom is too lazy...
camp is gonna be wild
Hey, I'm sure you know this by now but we have picture but no audio on ESPN 2 in Nashville. Not even commercials. Others ok.
The younger, faster team won tonight.
you should, but you won't!
EMS grind has Etta James radio playin via pandora. For. The. Win.
Tweetdeck just keeps getting better and better.
The race was incredible. It was fun and very challenging.
Today was interesting. I hate the Internet sometimes.
Hey homegirl... please hit me back or DM me... really would like discuss casting you for our project we film in May. TY :)
This is I'm sure one of the reasons he's your Ex . Good riddance to bad news and keep on crapping
The main things I like about doing our own kitchen remodel: It's a lot cheaper and it looks a lot worse than a professional's.
Is there photography?
I look forward to seeing you all in Denver!
Me Too! What a Man!
Be modest! It is the kind of pride least likely to offend - Jules Renard
Its a good thing I'm a good person
I thought there were no dumb questions...only dumb people who ask them.
I Wonder What Happened...
I guess :P
Adult me agrees that's a great idea. Wonder if anyone ever has trouble finding parking in F'Burg?
Should I? Nvm
thank goodness for emails, I almost forgot it was at 8!
The sun is shining and in 3 1/2 hrs Pettitte will be staring again.
There's so much pressure for a good first tweet..Anyone notice that everyone loves ? Even the thugs from South Bronx love her
That 3rd Q was a big ol' mess. 7 turnovers for BOS, no offensive push.
There will never be another 'oldest teenager' not even close.
Doors don't open they self so we gotta push.
Karaoke normally at rustys old 50 has moved to Rock Bottom !! (740 n plankington) As of tonight!! Come on down and sing!
Ooh, can I order a pair?
No, not really...
Happy Birthday Miller Time! Hope you cap the week off with a Final 4 birth!
Welcome to the life of an archivist. :-)
First one with be my favorite Beastie Boys cute that I still have on wax....Hold It Now(Hit It)
I burned a 5 dollar bill lastnight , thinking it wasnt going to burn .. Yeah you know i was drunk lmao .
phew..thank God!
Minnesota Vikings have favorable early schedule in 2012
Tigre best hider ever. We started playing hide and seek last night I still can't find her.
Last week of my senior year. Holy shit!
do you have fb??
“ What a wonderful surprise to have such a warm welcome to twitter- thank you everybody!” she's too precious
thank you
RT : Bvxbbhhhngfhyghug talk to you later : Carl thomas featuring Usher RT : What's "Ctfu" mean?
I can feel a migraine coming on.
Sad news: I will not make it to #IHOP in time for free pancakes tonight. Primary night pizza instead. Also free, but not the same.
Life must be good when u don't earn that money you blowin..
Can't wait to watch the #DragRaceReunion again tonight at 6!
Josh Hamilton is killing Baltimore all by himself he has hit 3HRs and has 6 RBI
“: my whole team balling NO NBA #BossBandsBitch$$$ ”Aye
Holy cow! RT : Twenty full &solid reps on leg press w just over 1,000 lbs. I'll have full handicap parking privileges by tomorrow.
Robot Chicken!!
Penalize them for being successful! Stay at home spouse tax? Democrats can spread wealth to women who make really bad decisions.
Tattoos & Bandeau's :)
What goes great with patron? Girls
yep, and there's no *right* way to do it.
Hey girl! We're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives. We work with RDB! Check us out? :)
RT : RT : Under a #Leo's shield of armor, lies the most tender and fragile of hearts of the zodiac.
It's a shame when people live up to stereotypes...
Where?! I live off Cumberland blvd ext directly across from there. Literally...
Hey revisted the McManis 2010 Petit Sirah and it was better the I remember and only $10. Great with all meat pizza.
Ohh shut up Shawana.! If nobody wanna speak back to you then ALL WELL.!..........But GoodMorning.! :-)
And its bedtime! Two exams tomorrow and my brain already hurts ;)
will do thx my brother
A limited number of tshirts will be available to purchase tonight at the show!
One can lead a horse to #water, but cannot make him/her drink.
I haven't tweeted in days, such ashame!
said her front door be lookin like a mercedes!
with powerful jerks driving them haha but yea that is true
Now's your chance to get on tv! Stop by the KARE barn at 4, 5 or 6
Ridiculous/horrific crash at Vegas IRL race. RIP Dan Wheldon!
lol good morning to you as well sexy. I think you just made it an even better one lol ;)
Is it possible to get #CarpelTunnel in your right-thumb, and only in your right-thumb while all other fingers are ok?
RT somebody's getting snuffed 2moro! #O.K.C #L.A (There can only B 1!!)
O I feels the love!!!<U+2665> Have a awesome day boo RT : morning boo.. Have a bless day.. Besos <U+263A>
#SongsIKnowOffByHeart Lyrics & Music take up 99.9% of my brain honestly...
Lets go #Brewers get it!
Trying to decide if I want to buy a puppy or not. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
Somebody getting punched and/or pantsed. RT : My defense is better than all stars offense.. Stay tuned to the rebirth of Ron
don't charge gas
love it!
All new patients receive a 30% disc off their eyeglass purchase. Call today and schedule your exam appt. Now with 5 locations to serve you!
Making my list ... #TheNewYear ... What's on your list?
Huge ethical quagmire in that article. Intolerance of intolerance. Social media as whipping boy. Hm indeed.
I disagree with ... Petrino will be hired, and it will happen soon. He's that good.
baby I will.keep dming Bella till.she follows you <3
great privilege analogy! Thanks for sharing
Home improvement weekend day two.
Thinking about who im even gonna keep in touch with after this year in time for my birthday..
Can't believe UNC took care of #Duke last night so easily in their own house! Ouch!
such a great meal last night that I had dreams about the fried oysters and Mac n' cheese!
We're beyond excited too- tweet us what you order for dinner! May we suggest the Chocolate Stout Bread Pudding for dessert, YUM
Ballin's not a hobby, it's my occupation
Is there any more news about the Brookhaven Airport crash?
I'm already eating ur NACHOS bro!! Hahaha...
love your work!
We are excited to be helping to introduce a new generation to the life and legacy of Roy Rogers and Dale Evans.
RT : I'm not psychic, only use math to do astrology forecasts for you. Also, astrology not about predestination--final...
Looking to add a pet to your family? Try Francesca's Puppies and earn #cashback for being !
I love my lil brother buh fk is he ever annoying
Who knew phone is enable of texting Kristina back, hm
Ear infection :( wah go away pls
happy birthday hill!! :)
Got some Death of an Era merch?! Post pictures on our facebook wall and include where you're from!
So serenade her with your last pathetic suicide love song.
OG BIGG TRAI AKA MR.COWBOY GOOGLE THAT AND HEAR THA O.G SPITT ON THA MYSPACE MUSIC PAGE..... PEEP ALL THA JAMS.MUCH LOVE ADD CMT GOD BLESS
I like Rear Window plenty too, but not because out needed virtuosity.
I do
Me: "Thank you!" Bus driver: "<U+4E0D><U+8B1D>!"
That would be Dave Duerson.
Can't sleep... Gonna find someone to talk to! ;)
i might be going to a couple of your shows!!!
that's been a strong rumor. would be a good choice! rt I heard it will be the next bachelor.
Thanks for the #FF !
Really Carlos...Can't you see I'm hungover
Total bummer, the wonderful assistant who was helping me wont be available on Fridays any more :( back to the drawing board...
If you focus on success, you’ll have stress. But if you pursue excellence, success will be guaranteed
Just found out that Google Buzz works on my Palm Pre! w00t!
I kinda think i wanna call u... wait no
STIX the CAT sez, "thanks for the follow - meow!!"
please follow me. *puppy dog face*
Who has two thumbs and thinks her mother is the greatest??? THIS CHICK!!! Happy Mother's Day!!!
thanks for the S/O
Kalleberg: Employment trends over past 30 years: increasing polarization and precariousness of jobs.
I know, sad, so sad.
risotto night so white here, but I like rose. It makes odd looking risotto, btw.
R8O » Blog Archive » Might Be the Best Reason Trees and Shrubbery - trees shrubbery
I like to think I bring the class.
Happy New Year. Brunch til 3p. Free shuttle to MU game. Free food at the 1/2 of the GB game. Come on down.
When your jealous Of Anyone That lives in New Jersey!
#np Eve "philly philly"
im convincing my mom to get me a pass for bg pass ;p
It's a ciroc and sprite night :)
May the fourth be with you
excited the are headed to the should be a great show!
Gonna head offline for the night. Goodnight all & sweet dreams! :)
Or just tweet us on here...we'll deliver them to you!
Is your Twitter account ok? Getting lots of ads for weight-loss products, suddenly.
never read the comments after midnight!!
Good morning!
deep bow to the artist, captures the sorrow underneath Henri's shining coat.
Hello Sam Thompson welcome to the NCAA tournament! better late than never
Penguins dominate, bring on the next series
Celebrate 2nite! NO COVER b4 11pm! $2 drinks ALL NIGHT
Proud of myself!
Considering new Windows? Watch out for the company with the first visit offer to buy. Guess what? it's never, ever real. Never. Not once.
Usually, you must join as a condition of your hiring.
get it girl!
wow #powerade throws down the gauntlet. what a burn-by-advertising lol
SO WHAT?
A ton of writing to do this week and most of it pays $ !
Jen jammed out with the lovely ladies of crimson countess
Saw Liev Schreiber and Naomi Watts (and their kidlets) at the playground where Luna Park used to be in Union Square after brunch today.
thank you sister:)
Happy Birthday.
No but in all seriousness, Jesus is the man. And if I believed in Hell, I'm pretty sure I would go there.
i co sign co sign co sign
Cheering for my UW Badgers tonite to come out victorious over MSU. They nearly had the first game except for the lucky catch; payback time
woot 3 amazing demos - so much merged into larger working projects - it kinda rules!
Moylan's Special Bitter English pale ale now on draft.
Happy to share tips to help people get their
Things are good when they're simple.
Good Eats is ending??? I wasted so much time watching Lost!
"Dr. Who" Thanks for letting me sing on Twitter
How does LA Vikings sound to you?
Great night at the JSS studio !!
That's how he came to us. I just fixed him up.
I'm good! How's life?
just made it in my mouth on the first try!
I can't believe Netflix is down for scheduled maintenance. *grumbles* Et tu, Netflix? Et tu? Also... scheduled my... *coughs* butt.
love u on CBS
dude thats sick!!!!
Beach was amazing..definitely got some much needed color!!
Hell of a game
Shouldve gotten breakfast
Is that ...can I actually hear my upstairs neighbor snoring? That can't be possible, can it? I blame SUPER MOON.
hey, if i can ask you for a favor, there was a recent account hacked SK_TheKing, a report just has to be filled, thanks
Had a blast at #SMCSpark! Looking forward to the next one!
Thanks. RT Nice ass.
That's what she said. ": We're working on something big!"
you did a great job this morning!
your dick resembles a piece of poo... congrats poonis
are you going to update your keeper rankings at end of year or wait till beginning of next? thanks
who wants to be my 300th follower all you go to do is rape that follow button i will follow you back?!(:
I'm glad the weekend is almost here....
God created Adam and Eve not Adam and Steve.. Are you for or against gay marriage? They need to legalize weed an get it over with.
WHAT DIES IN SUMMER also potential YA crossover. E-arc on Edelweiss - will link tomorrow.
Fiction 20 Down, Capital 7, Blue Haven, and Groove Juice tonight at 7! Hope to see you all there!
Poor Pacers are getting worked by the refs.
Man wtf. How in the hell did i crack the screen on my laptop!
We are happy to introduce our new tech Stephen Wood into our company this week.
5:04! “: did my ears deceive me, or did I hear in the 5:00 hour? #musthearradio !”
“: "Forgive, Forgive, Forgive, Forgiveness, Forgive, Real Talk Man, Forgive" - #NYULilB”
#Dubstep sounds like two computers talking shit to each other.
Took our 10yo to on Fri. Sat in choir seats. Highlights: GG's face during Haydn & percussion up close during Dr. Atomic.
"Now you just somebody that I use to know"
If there's one thing I can't do, it's sit still for extended periods of time.
I aint never been the kind to back down
hey now
Cool #fact: Google runs over one million servers and processes one billion searches a day!
I tried to explain this to my best friend and she looked at me like I waa crazy.
y you say that
Car crash with injuries on the E470 northbound on-ramp at Gartrell. Rescuers en route.
thanks Jay!
RT : If you hate your job, always remember it could be worse -- you could be handling Ryan Braun's piss
All of the people who are all upset about Hunger Games, did you watch the same movie I did?
r u foreal
did you happen to meet my nephew Galen at rehearsal? He's having his WISH from MakeAWish Foundation
I wish I could grow a mustache.
I want some cheese sticks from captain d's now thanks to
truth. I sleep on twitter alot hahahah whas good Wednesday?
We live a country where bitchez suck thoze dikiez just for an Iphone yea right..
Do u think if I sent a letter to Shopper Stopper telling them that Im goin on a hunger strike til they stop sending me papers theyll comply?
We're unveiling some new products and updates during #pla12. Visit us at Booth #1817!
#entertainmenttalkshow He is risen and He is Lord. Happy Easter all. Be safe
i miss you to steph
Folks, we're getting ready to start up the KIPP Scribes again. Announcement later this week, kindly wait with bated breath until then.
So nice! Looks like there will be full pits. ": Hope #thedirtnetwork enjoys this lovely evening . Have fun guys."
GET THAT ASS
oh man. you just gave me the craving too! ha. what toppings do you get?
Awesome! RT : That's a "Let's Go Mountaineers" chant that just broke out at PNC Park for the #Pirates #Nats game.
I just finished with season 1 of Strike Back. It took me 2 weeks but I a truly impressed.
That means that 50% of AEC firms don't even track hit rates... or project wins... or press hits. It's insanity.
Enjoying thinking about all the people hung over this morning - amateurs. Now for some lounge music.
yeah tell her to back off. my mom was annoying to me and it didn't get her very far... lol
For reals! And not very charming either.
God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and minds in Christ Jesus. (Philippians 4:6, 7 NET)
its crazy that hes only 20.
BUT education is key to success so i guess i will get my butt up tomorrow and make use of all the money i spent on these books
true ppl kept telling me just imagery when she really start to full blow talking
Half hour to go !
Someone text me. :)
Because it's the game thread. No thinking allowed.
He loves me :) RT Ben Askren appears to not be Chris Lozano's biggest fan. Related: Not able to properly type twitter handle
You got it!
Today has not been my day. Off to the gym to grind it out.
Im self made, self paid and I gave myself a raise!
I'm trying to get the #diarrhea song trending. Will you help?
What labor wants? more schools / less jails, more work / less crime, more leisure / less greed, more justice / less revenge S Gompers 1893
So is Steve Blake the only player from that 2002 #Maryland team in the NBA?
Pshhh No ! ucant call no more and im missn you smh now ii know how neyo felt cause im sick of love sonqs lmao
oh thanks!
Always appreciate the pictures
Same thing happened to me. Then I looked into it. Problem on their end. Your Xbox Live didn't actually expire.
they're mine first, i guess we have some good taste in men and food!
True. One can only hope this means someone drug Yuni out into the parking lot and shot him dead.
I have a new idea for a creative personal project that I'm really excited about! Can't wait to get home and start work on it.
follow back
I watched #MB on So Random Last Night ! I went #Stupid Mindless ! Ahhaa (: ! Mother: What The hell ? Lmfaooooooo I love :D
thanks for supporting your fans! Ur amazing! <3
Got nominations for this week's Turds & Blossoms? Send candidate blunders and kudos to asap.
i don`t understand how you can say 2 words & the other person sends you a huge paragraph #yo,SHUTUP!
If you're not a friend to me then stop pretending to be
I am finding real companies ready to break-out, only want 100 in my newsletter club so hurry up www.mariasirenas.otcprophet.com Luv You
Jus bought Rosetta Stone Korean ^^ YIPPEE I will learn how to speak Korean now... (^<U+2207>^)
omg where in la are you guys!? im here to!!
I just wanted to say Thank you for trying to make me feel better earlier, Even though Iwas sad you made me smile, Ilove you!
Looks fun, we love your place!
San Benito converts but Roger Garcia steps in front of the 1st down pass to pick it off to probably win it for United, 1:09 left
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.—Confucious
Have to love #Nascar and #Baseball season Lets Go Braves!!!
We're getting excited about the LA premiere of 'Honest Man' next week. Bring your guts of steel and an open mind.
#TBBT overran our Buzz Leonard Search Feed..RT : Hi, I'm Leonard and you are beautiful, you pop, sparkle and buzz electric.
its going good! I miss u too wish you were here?
I forgot what sunshine looked like in WI... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><U+2614><U+2601>
Grateful and inspired!!!
marking my calendar as we speak for !
Best. Show. Ever.
it was racist. At least what the parents phrases were. It was funny but the parents made me cringe
HEY LOOVE lol. I miss you too
lol i feel you on that one I'm the same damn way
Wow Colton! This game came to play! Great performance!
Unfortunatly there will be no entertainment at this year's block party, hopefully in the future we can line something up
Light Please go off!
Finally finished my statistics finals!!! Three more classes and I'm done with my MBA - whoohooo
Bode totally wears boxer briefs. PS. I'd hate to be the FIS employee who has to conduct "underwear permeability tests."
Tell me about it.
Right on! Go Predators then!
your beautiful Haha
will this be recorded for people to see again later?
Happy Friday! We have so many great new followers and we want to say hello! We will tweeting some of the great ones throughout the day
its E's birthday. Everybody love E. Wish her a drunken birthday. Will take a shot for ya.
I have never made homeade salsa before but these recipes make me want to try!
"I mean to put forth no better argument than the truth will allow." From Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches by Gordon Leidner
Getting ready for the half marathon at Ice Age 50. Feeling great and ready to rock this race!
your done !!
I think OKC going to bring out the broom in this round. R.I.P. Lakers!
i wish you would follow me.. or atleast reply please make my dreams come true..
Good Luck on your finals DONT SUCK!!!
I am a guitar tech tonight at Red Rocks for the bands playing for Film on the Rocks! If you are going, look out for me.
AYO welcome to Tweeter;P
Agreed! RT : The pet name 'fuck bunny' should be used more often...
Happy 420 world wide web
Everyone in New York City for The Holidays should check out Best show ever
as long as the world keeps turning, something will come around
Congrats to on #ONA11 win!
you are snapping on twitter. But u got some real ass tweets tho!
i sue
Tomorrow is my dads birthday<U+2764>
oh yeah that's what I thought
a canned ham! The unions won a canned ham!
Thx for the follow. Shalom
I just walked a plank and then went through a tent to get to school.
did you produce that?:)
I almost got run over by a clown driving a station wagon. A real clown!
There is no key to happiness. The door is always open~ Mother Teresa
Tonight at Sangria 35 dolla wrist bands for all night drinks ( beer & mix drinks ) from 10:30-5am come get it in best deal in the chi !
haha thank you both! quite the greeting for sure :)
Thus ends your pep talk for today.
are you planning to go through Denver?
Weed to. I don't know why people enjoy inhalin that stuff what is so damn good about it?
tyson house smh nigga don't deny it lol
You know, I miss those days when we NEVER fought. WE got along just fine. Yes I am gay. Who cares. But Oh well it was fun..
I thought this shit wasn't gonna be tight anymore after the hype died down, but this shit still got my face hurtin lol
InfiniteSkills - Learning CSS3 Tutorial Energizes CSS3 Fundamentals, Teaches ... - Virtual-Strategy Magazine
But you can't put him at first with how well LaRouce is hitting...and you are not putting him at C. No place but OF
Some people need to stop bein so damn gorgeous!!!!
Would like to send you James Bond Unmasked, featuring interviews with all six actors. From Spies (The Making of OHMSS).
Little People at the Other Side
what is ur favorite song of all time
Downbeat in the house
Barbara Walters is a hot old lady
Sorry for not tweeting and not answering your questions! Im headed home to my laptop to answer all these great questions about the contest!
Most people use the Complete Length Super Grow Oil as an Hot-Oil Treatment
One day I will be very bored in space.
RT : "Refine your craft"
So excited for your debut album! Did u write some/all of your songs ?
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you!
Are you ready for Valentine's Day? Let's show the love. Happy Valentine's Day to all
Smx we keep working on the same project that is off target, simply bc we started, not bc it makes any sense to continue.
Happy Birthday Lamonte!!
ha! I'm trying. “: after telling ben about your 7mile run, he said "Adams turning BA!"”
LOL I'll need a wake up call on Sunday (and I don't mean a Clippers loss lol)
Are the #Jets a contender or pretender? What's your take?
you got it kiddo! Back soon. On plane now. Got to go to beat the hurricane!
tell application "Mail" to get selection
What kind of story?
Thankful "I am not who I was".
thank you sir! Recommend a good chill-out song to help me sleep through the usual war noises. Got AIC-Nutshell playin now.
Hi Marylin. I hope that you & all of your projects are doing well. You'll get there just keep moving forward.
thanks love bug
good point. When I come from what I come from, one bad/quiet/sad/stuck day is scary. What if there are more&more&more.
RT : Thru Dec. 23rd, Tutta Bella Columbia City will be collecting new, unwrapped toy donations for children in our community.
that's a nice way to put it.
haha oh I bet TC loved that one. He'll take any chance to prove he wasn't born with gray hair.
I adore how soul music generally appreciate beautiful black women with natural hair.
Someone feed me.
Treat me as a joke and I'll leave you like it's fucking funny..
so, lonita and I may be going to see and in April. As they're playing The Handlebar. Hells. YEAH.
SS Barnard Victory was launched March 31, 1945 to recognize BC's wartime contributions
Funny, I've just been tweeting this very thing.
it wasn't anyone's to steal. All music has influence from other music.
follow back ?
We obviously have to find this doppelganger and kill him before he messes up our time lines.
is Darth Maul Larry Hoover, Big Meech and blowin money fast?
August for Beach Fest an Cup Match
in need of a really good weekend im friggin stressed out man
Finals finals finals finals finals finals paper.
I hope you all get a kick out of this..totally had a dream I was managing a project and I had a discussion with Synnott about fast tracking
So my Christmas consisted of crock pots n electric griddles, think they're trying to tell me something?! Lol
If I could do my papers in my bed I'd probably get it done faster
Malawi's President Bingu wa Mutharika 78, is unconscious in the intensive care unit of a hospital in the capital, Lilongwe,
we are friend relax xD
Going to make shirts in a bit!
thanks for the great job this year, always love reading your stuff. Hope you finally get a couple days off now.
Reached the maximum number of active games on Words With Friends again. I catch up but an hour later I've got a zillion turns to take.
Just signed up for Chicago! Oh August, why are you so far away?
Of COURSE beat me to it!
RT Welcome new followers!
Thanks!! “: Congrats to our friends at on their 100th issue! Looking forward to the next 100!”
Is there a better name for a coffeeshop than Frothy Monkey? Am enjoying a tasty quesadilla now with
Like :) Thanks again for visiting!
thx! I'm still trying to work up confidence to write finance stuff so it's a good way to keep up my writing on the side.
didn't get a pick = me not a fan at the moment
- enjoying it VERY much. I just wish Lily Marie would nap more often and longer. ;-)
ZOOMER-THINK TANK: "Athiests never succeed at anythin because they don't have faith in themselves."
Just picked up a basketball hoop off the street wit my niggaz
yeah I know , she's the best <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
.RT : Academic staff at UW-Superior vote 89-5 (in a unit of 174) to join AFT-Wisconsin! Congrats on their historic victory!
Really looking forward to this morning's panel "Getting it into the Bones: Museums, Dance, and Social Action"
I am so glad I relearned how awesomesauce you are. Thanks #alamw12 for arranging this goodness! Let's wave in appreciation ;)
Digital Conference at UWM through 2025 very interesting and insightful.
Day 1 under way #VisionExpo Booth LP7554, stop by and say hello.
if it does that seems extremely silly to me
Ready for an amazing #Spring Semester? Welcome back! We have some awesome #events, #speaker series and shows coming up soon so stay tuned!
Ben black is bad !
Im so excited for my next Tattoo!
happy St.Patrick's day!! There's going be a big parade in Boston :D follow me?
I often pray, though I'm not really sure Anyone's listening; and I phrase it carefully, just in case He's literary. ~Mignon McLaughlin
what better way to enjoy your Labor Day then lunch at Twisted Fork on our great patio.
yea man. i fuck with your sound.
Im working on Mr. Smith's research paper
it's called "I like my own FB comments when they make me laugh" #besuretolikeit :)
Looks awesome! Cant wait to hear about it!
I can't look at L the same way now
random search engine term referrer to Musematic: "perian pizza." Eh?
Maybe like you would to try out for a rap video, plus chew gum and swear a lot?
say prove it
New trax coming
New trailer on March 9
Do you, or anyone you know, have my copy of Jean Toomer's "Cane"? I'd REALL love to read it right now.
Just sat down in my seats for the nationwide race. Now to watch Danica crash like she will every race during this season
srsly, how is a three letter name...
"I want your love, I don't wanna be friends. Want your BAD romance." Preach, madam! I know how ya feel! What are You listening to right now?
Its MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL! Don't miss the game or the huge deal for a large 2 topping pizza and a pitcher of beer at any of our 4...
That's cool - you're independent. Have fun!
thanks for following!(: checkout too! have a fantastic afternoon! xoxo
Part 1 of the red velvet cake is done :) Gonna make 2 layers with cream cheese frosting in dahh middle.
Ah So Much Problems . Im Just Going To Ignoree Thee World And Hear Music .
want to go for a walk?
well almost happened ...bout as close as its gonna get
just let me know and we can have a Project Tex in this bitch
Anyone using tablet PCs in a 1-1 history class? We are headed that way next year, and I would welcome all tips/resources/advice.
My mom needs to be home. Now.
In the middle of the book "Onward" by Starbucks' Howard Schultz. Powerful stuff.
and the tickets are priority so i get to be seated first! :D
This couple honestly looks related . Not cute .
That sad moment when you wake up to go to school and there is STILL no one home.
Crazy Mother Meltdown just got opened to any rippers not on a team! Hit us up for more details at
I WANT 4,000 FOLLOWERS!! PLEASE HELP ME:/ AND IF I REACH IT TONIGHT! EVERYBODY WHO HELPED WILL GET A S/O!!!!!
Rafael - Thanks! We'll keep that in mind!
that's true but I wanna at least wait until they show the new features to see if the 5 will be worth the wait
#Target is confirming its status as the worst place on earth. "we don't do recycling bags." arg!
TELL ME, DID VENUS BLOW YOUR MIND ?!
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Dr. Bucko is always up on the latest procedures. Come in for a consultation – he'll be glad to discuss them with you.
Threw out my back while attempting to lift boyfriend. I think this is what old feels like.
Fool! If you get the Black Pixel logo on a black shirt, you won't be able to see it! :)
Real communication is not possible without listening. - Ralph C. Smedley
Cant stay up but cant sleep either
The average woman reached orgasm 95% of the time she engaged in masturbation compared with 73% during intercourse.
does he really have a helicopter there? I gotta the heritage is about the nicest neighborhood I've seen anywhere.
Hey lovely! You need to check out they are right up your alley :) Loving btw xo
More thanks for coming to the BBQ to @
This Sunday, [[BabyBoy alloc] init]; For the non-geek, wife gave birth to son #2, everyone is doing good, if a bit sleepy :-) Developer++
Nope only to #WisconsinWorkers... Thanks
me too. Lol
I feel silly complaining about 6 inches of snow after last year's snowmageddon in chicago...
I'm not following you if you have a damn celebrity as your profile picture like what's the point. No.
Hey #attackwatch I know where a conservative Christian Republican lives now do I get my SS patch. Sincerely Ann Frank
life is a continuous journey of transformation..
focusing is half the battle!
everyones talking about how they met in Miami and im just here all sad wishing i couls meet him! Stupid Boston
That would be so cool! (:
Thanks for the RT :)
future of libraries, its on THURS! 11:15 I believe.
Aw sweet post! It has been tough for me to fit in running after going back to work. I need motivation!
Embarking upon an Alias season 2 rewatch. Because we all know that season 2 is the only season that matters.
We are still doing our Month of tips and getting involved! Retweet us to be entered into the drawing to win a $25 Best Buy Giftcard!
i can always make time doc! Lemme know the details! I'm down to play
Technicality or no, Im psyched Braun will suit up and hit the field for the start of the 2012 season.
lets all hold hands here on the subway
I want some a Popsicle and go to the park...i have seen the water light show at centennial in a long time.: (
I am told that 3-legged mom & 10 pups from Harnett are in rescue now. Do not know name of group that has them.
haha!! You should be!!
Girl on fire + boy with the bread = toast
You can’t stay mad at somebody who makes you laugh
Oh my god badgers..get your shit together
Happy birthday David. I love you!!!!!'
thank you loovely!
Lol oh hush
bro, about what time do you think we will be chilling at?
500+ yard par 5s on The Oaks are eating me alive.
What's going on? Big change seems to be swapping the left and right sides of the page... I don't get it. Or like it.
read your dm i sent u
When i have two daughters i am naming them Adelaide & Madeline (:
April Fools' Day is always fun, and it is good to see LinkedIn is up for a joke or two. Although it would be great to know Sherlock Holmes…
I promise to love you
that's the type of man I aspire to be no joke.
My dad owns an iPhone. I think that is a sign of the end times. (can't spell apacolypse)
OMG - I <3 that movie!
Dude so Tilty. I just wanna sit in front of my tv with baseball on and multi table all these delicious tournaments.
Ran into Wendy at airport. Small world, many librarians.
Mad Men in 30! There is glee in my heart.
State lotteries eat almost 60% of the "take" for themselves. Only about 10% makes it to the promised social program (in NC it is schools)
seriously, you guys argue like children.
do I know you? I think I go to your school? But you listen to The Faceless.. rad.
Best Conference Story EVER.
I love late night drives, it helps me relax.
I think so too. 116-112, 8 rds to 4 rds IF it goes the distance. Don't think Floyd can stop Cotto RT : floyd wins
THKS! Another team effort RT I'm loving the website you designed for Fair Hope! Sharing it all over the place!
Just finished rehearsal with DHP, got a new years gig tmrw night and another the next day at bootleggers on broadway.
yay! Can't wait to see! Do I need to get a link from you or just go to your website?
How's tiger doing?
It's 11/10 & X-mas Frenzy 2011 has begun. Let the capitalistic orgy of unfettered excess begin!...I effing hate this shit. #BahHumbug!!!
You're surrounded by straightforward, apparent solutions that can dramatically boost your earnings, power, influence and success.
See you May 4th, Park Place Teen Center :)
Congrats to the new Tournament Coordinator for - welcome to the team!
I just started my art class. IT IS GOING TO BE AWESOME.
I thought it was out already! When?
Add some variety to your emergency preparations. FastPreparedness.com
Undertaker is the shit!!
My neighbor's whistling is improving. 8/10.
#Follow and for
Why did "bosh" ever go out of vogue, vocabulary-wise? RT again I ask you twitpic.com/8e2j33
EXACTLY! And rightfully so!
LOLing at my school.....
I hope it was a positive ;)
Potential band name: The Walks of Shame.
I have great appreciation & gratitude 4 my family,friends &colleagues who r in my world now-Know I am sending good thoughts ur way this eve
Kung Hei Fat Choy! The Year of the Dragon looks good for and members.We're a full house! Now holding names on waiting list.
Good morning c:
Happy Mommas day all you Mommas out there!
Lansing bound for last minute Michigan Recycling Coalition Annual Conference to-do's!
Amen to that!!
Thanks for entering our Black Keys #KeyToBlackKeys Ticket Giveaway at
yes it is! I wish I had gotten tickets.. ugh!
"Giants, very good, yes? Game, 6:30. Eli, big. Super Bowl, yes?" - Hardware store owner to me yesterday afternoon. Guy knows his stuff.
I was already tired, but this #Bulls game is putting me to sleep. Let's go.
The movie theatre that I'm at don't have sour patch kids, they offer sour jacks instead. Sour jacks<<<<sour patch kids #nothinglikether ...
Big hit, happy body!
Happy Birthday to Handsome Mario
Everyone watch on make it or break it tonight at 9pm
his name is Kevin Cline. Google Cline Landscape Belmont for contact info
I just don't wanna survive, I wanna live...
Well have to meet up at some point, small world!
Fuck love I'm tired of trying
EVO 4G Gingerbread update available from Sprint today! Select Menu / Settings / System updates / HTC software Update
lol i can still do songs n stuff but im not really doin mixtapes.im startin my solo CD after i finish this 1 lol.
Full card too RT : A double dribble call! We're one carry short of a ref bingo
nothing coolin!!! school n work the same ole stuff wsup what u
Add.me on fb!
If i was your boyfriend. Swag swag. Justin bieber is a fag
I agree, no static objects. But it's worth exploring other metaphors/modes of transition/relation besides 'flow'.
You'll do great and so will she! Much love to you and Linda! :-)
#SometimesIJustWant go away,live in another country, meet & , have a romance with a famous, among other things.:)
Oh no! It's time for more water!
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing."
Good mornin erbody, hope yall had a good weekend. Qwick side note, take the time 2 go see the avengers in theaters, bootleg aint good enuff
Thank you fabulous! I will be in contact soon!
We R doing the marketing mambo, doing the marketing mambo. Everyone! Do the marketing mambo...
Wondering how Nick Clegg is feeling - in next few hours he'll be a hero and great negotiator or champion bluffer - hopefully it’s the former
Today get a free frie with purchace of any burger and drink
We went through the same experience! My daughter was like a fashion science experiment gone terribly wrong.
haha most definitely and completely normal!
all fine and good, but where's Torchwood?
But there will be 2.5 Million tweets about this shortly. Get ready for Fail Whale!
hum well I already choose anna do you have a guys name I could use. But for a emo guy
I think would drive that 4-door bugatti...
We are an online retailer only. Please let us know if we can assist you with anything else.
#Ohiocityliving starting May 1st... Uh oh.
St. Louis did its parade...HUGE! NFL comes first.
stop talking to ruben and get your ass out of the closet !!!! lol !!! xD
It's financial training day at City Hall, but it seems one of the council members is missing out on the fun. What are you up to ?
stay tuned for next week when I use pinterest to make a quilt for my grandma :)
I hate everything on ESPN except basketball
Cookies on cookies on cookies.
I said #FuckYou unless Im with you.
I'm So busy! I'm doing it, tho! I promise!
I need a new mattress
thanks for the retweet!
That's it, you guys are coming to a game on me. I'll DM you the deets!
You know it's time to leave the fabric showroom when you're singing along to Gloria Estefan slow jams out loud.
adorable!! Come back soon!
The best way to knock the chip off your neighbor's shoulder is to pat him on the back. ~ Author Unknown
Tomorrow I am going to make a special effort to go to
2nd ever Sideshowcase tomorrow at 8pm in Belmont Blackbox!! Looking forward to some awesome Nashville talent? We are. :)
Just saw a burrowing owl on the side of the road. They occupy prairie dog burrows.
How about just being elected dictator for life? All the bacon you could eat ... ;)
6 months out, but I'm officially kicking into gear for our next #presconf in #Buffalo !
come by booth 845, we're there with
I love you Justin! :) <3333 you should follow me (:
Great job MWC..
In town for Thanksgiving? Stop by Sonny's tonight for free jukebox and old friends (and new ones)
I love #halftime already.
Half: SFA recruit Trey Pinkney (Seven Lakes HS) hits 70ftr at buzzer to give West 53-52 lead over South in HABCA allstar game.
Me? Run? I'm Summer Doan, i don't do that shit.
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves.
I'm very sad about this.
A flute out of a broom ?
Nike+ #FuelBand too bad this thing doesn't count key strokes towards my next milestone!
Listen to everyone... Take advice from few.
Well, Bruce Willis isn't a robot. But he is really bad-ass.
LOL! So I noticed you said "was". No current excuses, I hope!
She in Seattle
today my birthday too
I just saw Tupac's hologram reading the 2011 Pulitzer winner for fiction.
One of the hamsters is pissed because she made a break for freedom (lept from my hand) but just jumped straight back into the cage :P.
sup? Help me get to the rest of the guys, I am on my phone
me too man D:
PLEASE WISH MY FRIEND A HAPPY BIRTHDAY! she doesn't believe that youll notice her, but NEVER SAY NEVER RIGHT?
Got a taste of my own medicine - so sore post #Bootcamp. Power 2 the fit!!!
The 405 is a nightmare and I have no podcasts to listen to! :(
Funny how I dont feel very rested after getting 12 hours of sleep. I guess it'll take a bit more to make up for the last two weeks
You need to watch every episode. IMO it's the greatest show that's ever been made...
I'm sorry hunn. I'm too far away right now.
Ur wrong detroits got it in the bag
Follow my sissy , she's new to this but #teamfollowback!
:/ it's my opinion not hating
As a matter of fact yes. I
What's good? What what?
thanks for sharing the video!
How is everyone doing tonight? I did mostly computer work today. Looking for more holiday places to show my new sculpture line.
Welcome to #CreativeGood! I make good use of Flickr as a photog. Any ?? about the Councils, give a shout. cc
Just saw 50/50, is sexy as hell even when he looks like death warmed over!
So ready for this day to be over! Start of the district tourny today against page!
Can't wait to see my #moms this weekn
Everyone go follow !!
it's life changing seeing them. I still can't believe I went to see them.
fuck.... friend just died
Off to Wawa for a salad - glad its warm enough for salad again.
Too many fucking people here...
#signsofcheating less talking, more arguing, less visits, more excuses.
Dance For You By is
Just so you could hold out yours and say "People! I implore you!"
Ha idk I just feel like singing all day
convert incredimail imm to outlook, inc - How to Convert IncrediMail ...
To the reckless Chicago drivers, driving around Indy.. Fuck you.
I don't want to sound like one of those lame hipster kids who say the 90's were better, but the new Looney Tunes isn't the same as before.
Town hall with EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson, Friday from 10:30-noon in the Founders Room, SIS Building Don't miss it!
No guy likes a crazy chick.
The Rock is back
Yummy new fetish clips coming soon to my clips4sale store!!! :)
gotta think big reason he did it is to put pressure on players, someone will go nxt yr an all fans r watchin
Damn near don't do shit in Chemistry but I'm passing *shruggs*
Someone tweet me I am bored!:/
sectors most susceptible 2 disruption: social sw; DB; operating sys.
the packers are playing the colts here this coming season so i'm going to try to get tickets and see where it goes!
an even NEWER twit pic!! My prof pic says "mustash cat loves cookies" 3 in 1!! I love, cookies, cats, and mustashes!! AWESOME XDD
Check out the new videos posted today
Headed to the Mall for #SOTG2011's Gentlemen Prefer Blondes. What beautiful weather!!!
Every Tuesday & Thursday Get Unlimited Golf + 40 Tokens for the Arcade for Only $12.00! Upgrade to Unlimited Rides for Only $6.00 more!
I DON'T NEED A MILLION PEOPLE FOLLOWING ME, I JUST NEED THE RIGHT ONES!!
Thanks for the mention! You're the best!
. always interested in story pitches. DM me!
If you can’t be criticized for it, it’s probably not remarkable. Are you devoting yourself to something devoid of criticism? Unknown
RT : After you #spottheshuttle on come over to the National Building Museum for Unbuilt Washington &...
That Neon Museum keeps upping the ante! Their new space is going to be epic!! Good work guys!
Back from field research at 0$ Ranch and #WestTexas. 2 days to catch up online, type notes, do laundry before going back out. Love my job!
why are u up so early?
thank you my love <3 you looked just as beautiful!! Missed you!
btw did you follow me from your personal account?
I really need to stop going through packs of cigarettes... >.<
aww. we need to chill more
Thanks for all the #happybirthday wishes!
Bc nobody likes garden tools <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#fridayreads giveaway: Donna Leon's BEASTLY THINGS is a #travelmemoir of Venice disguised as a mystery.
Writing as activities - key distinction: writers often focused on an "end," but writing creates an index of social behaviors
EXs that wannabe in your relationship so bad <
OH MY GOD THOSE ARE SERIOUSLY THE BEST EVER
fa sho!! LOL JEREMY LIN. GJ on the promo video!! What's ur next event in the bay? U know im around
Shawty sent wit pic, Said come get this... LOL smiley face x2 LOVE THAT SONG!
yeah, thanks. changed my pw, so not sure if its still doing it.
Mothers day is Sunday! What do I get a woman who has everything?!
oh lord -_-
I'm going to try to play 100 sit and go's today on Poker Stars...maybe 200!
The hacking continues with and at
you need to add the "freddy sanchez uggo face" to your list. He is ugly.
Where is everybody ? Guess ill clock bck in @ 10 ! Llh
u ever going to get back on bmore radio, you had a very good weekend show back in the day
That just ruined my ears for life.
I need to try this!!! Thanks!
I am so tired. Hopefully I will sleep better today... Whenever I finally get home.
You said it on that one!!!
Spa Week October 10 – 23. Want an massage? Try an organic facial? A one-hour Sugar & Spice Pedicure? For $50! 214-521-2112 to book.
#Friday Such a long week, thank God.
all i want to take is tessie. can you tell me what times she's teaching in the teacher and senior room?
Loving you girl on
Listening to It's official, #dc is now a hockey town... So proud of our #caps!
Stay with us at 9 AM to see what Shema and Shelly deem the latest summer style trend!
Im sure your not the only one. There are two things in life people Have no control of... Your parents and Your neighbors.
Roanoke! What?! That's my hometown;) glad you got to Rick out in the Shenandoah Valley!
poor Ann! Ha! I get a little excited thinking someone has something to call about and then I answer and just hear shuffling.
8 glasses of water a day is too freakin much lol
Good Luck this weekend.. Bring some #SEC victories back home
Last day in Cyprus. Music Video dropping soon. Then it's on to
aye I got a stock of em fa ya.lol...got a mixtape on dat piff!!
I was wondering is there snow in England? Not in the US!!:(
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. Patrick Henry -
too bad the weather's bad. Going anyaway! RT : Have a great "Taste of the Grove" this weekend!
Haha, let's hope you have very accommodating friends and family!
got the ford edge. It is awesome
well done!
haha just saw this sorry - how are you? jump on FB?
One of my lists is stuck on Jan 20, despite many tweets since then. Any idea why/suggestions for fixing?
KSTP Photojournalist Retires After 55 Years
For sure -- I'll be near section 125 before the game. I'll be the one wirh Gazprom on. LOL
Morning everybody.
To all you moms out there... Happy Mother's Day!
the merits of the tech differences? we will pay $150 for a designer tie ... when a $15 tie will do, its entertainment.
Thanks you too
oh, you won #ispy... Admiration.
Tomorrow works for me! What time? Around 8pm?
"Trump to moderate GOP presidential debate in Iowa" Will the #GOP use a laugh-track? Or flashing "BO" electriconic sign?
In my way to see life as we know it
#invitado indeed, lol. I had banana, blueberry pancakes @ Arctic Hotspot, w/ BHBeat crew
Great salad today at the Market Cafe. Everything was fresh and tasty. Thank you!
becoming/desireless/is enough
You too!
it's ok for something to watch when there is nothing else to watch but I have been pretty disappointed in the recent adds.
We still have two hours to go......
super call, my friend.
that is a very big issue!
Recovering from my weekend climb up Mt. Katahdin in Maine. Absolutely gorgeous views. Most difficult of hikes but well worth the effort.
Dangit contacts are out can't find glasses & idol isn't over :( o well it's only Elise on. <U+E421><U+E407>
LMAO...Yup I hear that...
Surprisingly he's a gentleman...
it was horrible bc u were sober ;-)
I already miss this person
I like your style. I'll be in your glorious city in early January (Friday of MLK weekend). Details to follow, would love to see you.
there's a special place in hell for women who don't help each other. Love the female solidarity tweets
Great #bjj session today #gftlondon special thanks to #gabrielrainho and #Vikingwong for utterly schooling me in sparring oussu!
Please let us know if you have photos from #tmn10 that you will allow us to use in design of new website.
When people act different all of a sudden. <<<<
RT : "Fall seven times, stand up eight." - Japanese Proverb
Every single play needs to run through Joe Johnson.
thank you!!!
Congrats on the well deserved recognition!
Free tickets?
All moved out of my office I'll miss it very much.
. I'm glad I went w/ my 2nd outfit over the bow-tie, scarf, and empty-frame glasses on Sat. night to Comedy Cellar
I wish you a goodnight sleep!! Que sueñes con los angelitos!
Preparing 4 the 3rd leg of my #comedy trifecta (sea) n beautiful Honolulu Hawaii
that was so quick ! All the other Arianators are following you ! :) your so lucky ! Everyone wants a tweet =)
Right! They were like middle school girls trying to talk her out of going to the principal!!
": man them are great seats" if you're gonna do it, do it big
We REALLY ddo! “: We love families who run on Dunkin'. RT : My uncle's buying me #coffee ”
For some unknown reason, my parents & i are playing all the sad songs that make us think of people we love who have died.
You're not a licensed therapist
The Virtual Merchant tool from sounds so handy!
Isn't the warmth of love & friendship one of the foundations of well-being. Let's share this with someone who is lonely or discouraged today
you in on that show in Stockton? You should lobby to open, get that grimy 209 flavor on the stage.
Current version is owned by Twitter, previous versions were not. Explains it, no?
It was the pie that cured all ills.
we love us some beans too
Is that coffee harvested from beans that bears eat and then poop out later? Grizzly Coffee, hibernation be damned!
you at home?
-TY for the follow doll! Love the site! On a follow limit, will follow soon. Hope you had a fabulous day! xox
lol I didn't see any of our dog food, yours or mine on that list. Thank goodness. Yes- wish you were taking ballet with me
Trying to write a press release without caffeine is impossible. Let's add java and try again in an hour!
We all have our own life to pursue, our own kind of dream to be weaving
hahahah!!! i wanna go there just to find them !
: I had a great time last night Stu. It was a warm and very special evening. Thanks for all your support.
agh I remember that movie I used to be scared of the chicken her name was ginger right?
Thanks for following BAA!
He must have been about 600 years old by then. Just an angry ol drunk fuck
It's simple really, just say yes. :)
Thanks for following Jessie :)
your full name is like a good burger then
Can we get food? Or have you already eaten?
RT : Russian exit poll: Putin did particularly well among voters who described themselves as “not wanting to be imprisoned.”
Meaningless however those who say it, give IT power!
Watch out Milwaukee, I am going to enjoy your treasures rain or shine!
without a doubt!
"I haven't checked my phone in five hours. I probably missed so many calls and texts." *No Unread Messages*
Photo shoot day with and Dyad Photography :)
Happy Zombie Jesus Day!
I wanted to have sex with you for so long
I am going to be a mixed media artist
Failure is never quite so frightening as regret.
My back hurts ! D:
Can't wait to watch the #BOYFRIEND video thursday . Then #BELIEVE next month (: So excited .
Barkley and a Shake Weight: things I don't care to see. You can do better TNT. Stop stooping.
how is that cool? you should totlaly see my stomach... its huge
Thanks for the #FF!
Saw last night and laughed non-stop. He's hilarious. "CONFIDENT!... Did we get ya? Were you really confident?"
thanks! Hi! Nice to meet you.
Woo hoo! It's Friday and St. Patty's weekend in #Chitown! Anyone going to the parade and to see Chicago's green river?
Clean, modular code is flexible code, and can adapt to changing requirements.
I will go to his concert at NYC!!!! But I can't its to expensive :'(
She is no longer one of our regular contributors, though she still does write for us occasionally. Her advice really is timeless!
good morning:)
The dude from the buffalo wild wings (the sprinkler guy) couldnt help the Vikings get a win this year!
Don't be in denial
Have you hugged a doggie today?
Go Follow Another One Of Our Dollz . (:
RT : "Imagine if…" is great for exploring an idea. "Imagine if…" is not great for justifying an idea.
users is actually as cute as they appear
sorry the delay..just noticed your tweet from all the garbage i get! what did you need?
i think music is something i love of life
can't wait!
Lets get bigger! Follow EHBS on FaceBook as well as here! You won't regret it.
- Ryan Gosling's tears cure cancer. Ryan Gosling cries every day.
I paid that much for gas every other week. I'd say it's a really good deal.
Shopping trip, getting ready for NYC w/ the girls!
Coffee - the most important meal of the day
Darkness had fallen on him in its place
ya we still gotta get it in My dude.. My studio is down but it'll be running ASAP
Scratch used to be down there...not sure if it is anymore.
wish it was sunday
People are such idiots. No matter how minor you think the damage is, it will take more than 2 minutes to write the estimate.
Oh lord it feels good to live on the east side again. 2 blocks from Rio's Brazilian...could be dangerous.
Is 75 mph tweeting still frowned upon if cruise control is set?
Dam!!! got me hungry now talking abt waffle house and shit!
Real Recognize Real , & You Dont Look Familiar .
I would watch NASCAR if the drivers had had as much to drink as the fans.
OMG...you OK?
lol calling me a racist. I love it. You are a radical as I thought. Thanks for the fun. Now run along. ,)
Happy Star Wars Day. May the 4th be with you.
Innovative ways to slash ED overuse - American Medical News
thanks for the Better Wine Guide #Happy Hallowine mention! Have a great weekend!
I married a moose... we don't need counseling
dj hi-def Radio Personality Ms. Jae Luv, promoter Q Heffner, and more. Live performance by rnb artist Rashad Morgan aka Ray-Ray & it's FREE!
IS back to creating **MAGIC** Dreaming bigger and making it happen.
List 4 List anyone?! :)
- you are crazy, just like ;P
Good luck!!
Sometimes life is not really that complicated...perspective is. Have a better perspective and you will see the positive side more often ;)
life is so much easier with god in it
God only lets things grow until they are perfect. Some of us didn't take as long as others!
Aw. I SURE MISSED YOU.
haha! I'm sure you are too!!
wow thank u!!!
Time for story time!!
Is it sad that the highlight of my weekend was getting Papa Murphy's taco pizza? If so, bite me -- it's fuckin' awesome!!
of me lifting? haha
MOG's gave their interface a makeover in 2011 I think. Recommending music + finding new music > Spotify now
FOLLOW ME
Nice confetti out there!!
Wow non pg raw
It is! My prof works for the AACC & he's great but sometimes I get lost in the acronyms & rarely do I recall what they stand for.
Well there you go! Still want to see a Ken Herron app. Read your Top 40 and Top 10 Tweeting blogs. Totally killer!
I bought Angels' Blood because of the cover & then discovered just how great is!
2011.10.07 #Brewers 2 #Diamondbacks 1 mid 8 | The tension is high / Frankie somehow escapes this / hold on to it, Crew.
We have 8 entrees,12 sides and 7 delicious desserts today at Elmington Park.YES!!! all this from a food truck!!Best selection in town :)
RT : "Let us all take a minute to remember those working at the Waffle House tonight," 's Xmas words to the fam
Holy shit. I feel like I've been hit by a bus
detroit love to you! Thanks for the shout out.
It's gonna blow your mind when I say Dan Snyder is the Michael Bay of the NFL, then.
Streaming live now. W.anderkampmusic.com click on streaming audio button.
Dear Sven... that goal was SICK NASTY...
but i said when you're "about to stand up". therefore i haven't yet. haha
FB posted free from 125 cappers today and consensus on ND under and Baylor over with sides very close on both games
Oh really then we'll go there then :)
where u at bruh
Is your coffee done yet?
I told you i would tweet about you. :3 when your bestfriend is obsessed with a disney channel show...
saw #breakingDawn last night.....best momvie out of all them
is killin it a right now!
FOLLOW HER, NEED 4000 FOLLOWERS :)
There is always some specific moment when we become aware that our youth is gone; but, years after, we know it was much later
Yikes! You do crazy shit when you're crazy!
Not sure what I dislike more, the font choice or how all of the panther's features are rounded...
Love that album!
RT I just entered to win a free iPad at TagCrazy.com! RT to enter. TagCrazy.com, the best luggage tags on the net.
Mf that try to hard to be funny is fuckin lame
no, thank u!
Oh hell nah...we're out of Valentina -_-
I ask all conservatives to conserve the truth first and remember why you worship the creator... The wealthy won't save you or your country
What a suprise a big completion on 3rd down against this extremly overpaid deffense.
fo real?! Damn! I'm gonna hafta give up vodka AND cigs this week! Shit... Lol
Bacon RT : Q10 #FoodieChat You are feeling blue! What is your GO TO that always makes you feel better!
creating rooms you like to live in seems like natural evolution speaking of spaces tht looked lived not like glossy mag spaces
Fuckin a ever since I got this surgery I keep waking up with fat head aches it's getting hella annoying
The rumores are true! I will be cutting hair at VIP Salon today! stop by or call me if you need a cut!
I'm at the park, enjoying the beatiful weather.
We've got some ear candy for you guys this week, Bottle Train, , Mercia, and Bitchin' Kitchen! Come join the party!
So how's the NM State Fair going? Haven't gone yet but it seems that word of mouth is good.
please somehow make that skype session show up on on Mixergy premium. :-)
I love you to...<3
Paul Pierce just got crossed though...ahaha
I LOOVE YOU. hope you're having a good day! Could ya give me a follow please? x
:) Thank God, cause I swore I saw a promo before tonight, so i thought i was late, must have dreamt it lol :)
I'm blessed!
RT : Like said, keep fighting. There's still time. We're going to keep up the effort for better
Its crazy I woke up today and couldn't fight the urge to smile. There is no negativity in my life. I'm thankful to be able to say that
Today’s MOCA specials: Soups are Lentil (vegan) and Wild Mushroom. Sugar free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Nominating Ramirez' play in the 5th for a spot on the #SCTop10 Go #Brewers!
feelin like an ST kinda morning driving in today!
I'm sure you are!!! I'm gonna have a hectic week... I'm doing 3 jobs this week.. boss was sent out of town
Damn gotta cancel all my Sunday night appts, my fave movie Flightplan is having it's world premiere on AMC!! Any other Plannies out there?
let me know when you're done only giving a shit about yourself.
i generally like animals more than i like people
I like that one!
Lol. I can't deal with your terminology.
Creative reuse! RT Just helped temporarily fix her shoe with one of my buttons. ..and it even matched her outfit!
both it's a good thing right now bc in fucking up
Oops, sorry, what is it? (Your AVI is hot btw) :)
Future of fitness systems is about "knowing you", when u exercise, who u exercise with, etc. data integration 4all platforms
So proud! RT : I just got presented an award as Gainesville Unit's social work student of the year!
I'm so sick of doing the same thing over and over again.
can you order me another Pacers' win! LOL!
Worlds best DJ ATB n Daniele Tavella will rock Playhouse tonight. Almost sold out come at 10pm or book ur table we got a few left.3103826067
really ? Lol cuz I've never seem one this dark
Lol its like that cheif? RT : I Once Knew This Kat Named
Nothing like catching up on my recordings on a rainy day. :)
A sleepy #saturdaylibrarian. Doors opening in 30 minutes.
Wait it's 1 AM here. I am going to bed haha. But I will definitely be scouring the Internet for more Ava Gardner info
Thank you for the awesome Compliment!!! Ill be sure to give the bartender props! Were you at Milw or Stallis Brass?
#cosign ---> RT : I agree! RT : KLC may be one of the most underrated producers in the game!
RT Re Morality “mine is grounded in reality and logic not in some overbearing power”
Second show of the two show day is about to begin!
Stansbury isn't jealous of Cal, he's jealous of Twany. What Ky school did he play for? Oh right...Campbellsville
elbows to the head <<
How are all of you users out there?
Satan you are a lier and the blood of jesus is against you
Ok I'm done, just had to vent a little you know
there is absolutely nothing silly about baking scones! they sound so delicious :) are they easy to bake?
DRose can practice with his flash cards all summer. Dumb ass nigga lol
RT : Leading isn't always glamorous. You have to be willing to do it when it is hard and thankless.
Let me know if I can help, I have ladders and I'm pretty handy.
I hate bath salts
love > lust
We are means to the small creatures within us and nature has other ends than we. -Joyce
We all have been taught "thou shou not kill... Now hear this.... FUCK THAT SHIT" ....Ssgt. Sikes
um u said u coming to ma or did u change ur mind..
I cant beleive i been n twitter since 2009 wow
damn man thatz the only reason why i love America ;) i miss yu bra
I CANNOT believe I just read that! RT : That was a clutch throw by Tebow.
why didn't you just wait...?
You can't just drop a hint like that and not give details. What happened?
My 77-yo mother texted me to say she'd received a good doctor's report today. In other news: MY 77-YEAR-OLD MOTHER TEXTED ME.
I played well. Didnt win those 'hump' showdowns to build a stack. Thank you for the well wishes and those pieces bought
Sorry- done barging in on y'alls conversation. Just highly caffeinated this morning.
agreed however add yourself to the hot list
": Off to Chase Field for Game 4. Ready to come home happy tonight." We are ready to celebrate in Milwaukee. Tonight...
you won't regret it.
"Why u no reading Otsu Hiyori"? That is the question.
It's kind of a contradiction to call the section that won the Amtrak tickets "lucky." They are watching the #Clipshow, let's not forget.
to conclude: #clickerTraining is more about understanding the mind of a dog than it is forcing them to act a certain way.
Working on the #creativebrief article on Twitter. Who knew 140 characters could be so complex? #
IT guy by day, entrepreneur by day and night
Loud birds before dawn or a leaf caught in the gears?
Just bought a new pair of triathlon shorts. I guess the dream isn't over.
Morning to you too! It's a soggy one here in Crown Point, IN! RT : Morning Lauren
Today was a good day :) hopefully it continues tonight :)
Great discussion topic.
gotta love mb <U+2665>
thanks for the input
call me soon as u can
Wow! What happened to Nov? And HOW many things do I have to do in Dec? Going to be great!
The way I spend my weekends >
maybe it's to practice tearing them down after the upset of Kent State the first game?
Sarah and I saw HG yesterday. Absolutely outstanding movie! I hope you all enjoy it!
This process is taken very seriously handled with high standards of ethics and values and most importantly commitment to finding a match.
Movers are gone, touch ups are done, hungry for dinner and a win for the #orioles and #caps!
lol thanks! Text me too so I have your #
I thought Dorsey had a good year? Maybe better in 43 d though
boyfriend....on my birthday!! That's crazy!
Watching the first Hangover this movie is still funny as hell... I cant stop crying, I been laughin so hard
Thanks! But yours is way sexier! ;)
yes! The last destination on my next stint on the MV Explorer is Ecuador/the Galapagos Islands. I've never been before!
Well, all you folks who went to the midnight showing of the Hunger Games, what's the verdict? Any good?
Nothing cheers you up on Finals week like walking through the rain and having nothing to listen but the chime of the bell towers
All the way south... Bored.
RT "Goin' Crazy" by Natalie is my jam.
I KNOW I AIN'T UGLY THOUUGH ! THAT'S FOR DAMN SURE ;)
Wow this game is nuts!
how has #SXSWi been so far?
Hey Jim! Thanks for the follow.
I wish I was white
please follow she is you biggest fan!5
How many words does it take to move someone to action? Does it depend on the words, or does it depend on the person? It's your relationship
Eminem playlist = that extra mile on the treadmill
Still writing this freaking dbq #whydiditakeapeuro?
when are you picking me up?! Lol xD
I will try to keep up on my tweets today but I have a heck of a day coming up so I can't make any promises lol
thought that just went through my head "do you think about me at all? do you even know I exist? I hope so, but I don't know"
need some followers
Happy Snowy Tuesday! Drive safely today... Coming soon, another two batches of bacon...
everyone is pissed off at me :l god damn not a shops day at all. just wanna crawl in a hole and die.
Oregon&#39;s Quarterback Battle Offers Two Intriguing Possibilities
That was a nice nap.
Hello everyone. I thought I was done crying over Nathan....guess not. :'(
whoops forgot dragged sorry :)
#sorryforpartyrockin love it!!!!!
Terry MFKN Boggard the winner of the Certain Death 1.0 Online Tournament
Sigh RT : shortest DVD ever
All I'm writing is just what I feel, that's all. I just keep it almost naked. And probably the words are so bland. - Jimi Hendrix
how's the new baby?
I LOVE those jeans Yonghwa is wearing!!!
Drinkin a German beer, with a cuban cigar. In the middle of Paris.
Allen or Cam just leave? lol
Thought leaders in #business/#learning/#talent I follow..., , , ,
and I still know. They pass their homicidal tendencies to their kids yo
Why are jobs so hard to find ?
when do you sleep?! That's crazy scheduling, and you still rock it!!
Just updated sounds on the new "Millionaire Swipe" theme android game. New version released.
In Olympia lobbying for higher ed!
didn't that feel good? Now how about another piece or two of Obama's job bill rather than the ironic legislation you posed?
Sick blazer on Mr. Collins tonight.
I can't say life's a bitch because it's what you make of if
Hey Ray, did I miss the stand to this morning?
In Somalia you are consider an adult at 13...If you could get married and have kids your and adult...Fascinating.
Greg we are staying up stairs with Matt. And titties.
See atleast you understand
I haven't walked away from my TV for 3 days
One more week and then to Cali YAY!
*bing* Got it in one. Was given a copy at Sci Foo last year, completely failed to read it since it's a big-ass hardcover.
Looking for a good home for our lovable cat Farley. We love him but babies, allergies, small houses and cats don't mix. Any takers?!...
hi everyone we would like to announce that M Cupcakes in Downtown Miami is know Kosher Certified come and check us out
Butterflies smell with their feet. That is all. Good night.
perhaps, but most guys don't have the florist write "sorry for being a dick." lol
Day off and the sunshine is gone...go figure. But, it's the perfect day to look for a house.......if I get out of bed :)
My hair is like so healthy now it's so soft
You going to be at trust tonight tonight. Lets see who will step to our family. Trick question, nobody will.
Well, we can't all be perfect.
What does that mean?
. Young readers who are simply playing their role (right?) thing the best way through is around. Anti-Frost.
"ppl caught in love like whirlwinds-Listening to they squads, listening to girlfriends-that's exactly the point where they whole world ends"
Interpretive center and parsonage
Call me at (949) 262-0110 to find out how to boost your peak sports performance with 10 drops of an energetic elixir in an glass of water.
Good time management is synonymous with good organization. Put your daily routines into detail.
awww lucky! I love Jason! Cnt believe i never met them in real life:( ur so lucky my hubby signed ur poster:(
My parents hav been divorced for 2 years n they still have holiday dinners together with everyone...
#np Angel of Mine - Monica
yes definitely!
Thanks to for the #isea2011 updates!
Welcoming Wayne Clough, Secretary of the , to the podium, discussing the future of diversity @ the institution.
I'm tired. ;c
My sister <3
"you're everything I hoped for, you're everything I need"
Sohosandiego.com battling to keep art second landmark restaurant tops, day city from demolition. Help
- You are just what I needed today, Paul. Thank you for being your beautifully enlightened self. You are rare and lovely.
Where's the girl of my dreams?!?! I need her now!!
#Berklee library www servers are down again due to damage from #bostonpoweroutage ystrday. We're working on it--sorry for the inconvenience!
Gotta love game day. Beat cal!
Tryin to stay focused and work from home doesn't work for me.
Today was Shit,well what's new.
pretty good! It was just a little chewy lol
Aint No City Like New York!!!
miss u too. Xoxoxo meeeeeery Xmas!!
#Rangers are teeing off on poor Melancon only has a 40.50 ERA.
Forced to see "Sweet Home Alabama" promo before raw feed of Gaddafi being killed. Iffy ad buy, there.
BCG is getting annoying. there's a differnce between being a bad girl and being a rude ass bitch. just sayin. erica from bgc8..GO HOME
Listen real close while I prove my point.
Rain, pls stay away 2moro, bc some of us would like 2 do something outdoors for a change.. Thanx 4 understanding..
All of the #tebowgottraded talk makes me think of him going to one knee...to clean out his locker
Well my tweeting speed will only get higher. Just kidding. When you push tweet, the screen advances half a screen. Silly Twitter!
Thank U! : Thx for being so supportive this week!
RT : The pain from being OVERWEIGHT outlasts the pain of EXERCISE!! Get Moving Peeps YOUR body will thank you!! I Promise ;)
watching KCAS i can't wait till one direction performs whoo(: <3
It feels like "running to Starbucks" is this generation's version of a cigarette break. (FDA warnings pending...)
I'm burning up as it is
Fellas.. Quit asking these cute chicks why they single.. They Crazy, Duh!
sexy a chick that can wear a fitted :)
Here's a great article about the work being done in the Northland area of Columbus, including a survey of residents with a grant from...
My friend in Hawaii has today off & getting ready for a swim. Calls by rubbing it in. So jealous!
lol aw damn.
Any of my Seattle friends know a cheap Landscaper/Gardner to help fix up my small backyard ?
U Gotta diamond in one hand but your out looking for rhinestones?
A mid-afternoon snack courtesy of Nicole Stellon O'Donnell, one of our favorite Alaskans: jalapeno olive moose jerky.
merry christmas to everyone! who's crowded around the tv watching a game?
I should be a professional photographer
despite all the setbacks, I'm still blessed #Jesusjoy can't nobody tell me God doesn't love me :)
Thanks to the folks for a great time last night. It was an honor to host your #EC bash!
Honestly, I'm a wreck.
No doubt. But it makes for an interesting "flow" in Raymond Williams' words.
no kids allowed right? We have a three year old and no baby sitter.
Just when I thought I saw everything, tonight at work topped it all ever by far...hope all yall mothers had a good mothers day 20-12
Anchorman 2!!! Yes. Sweet. Awesome. Yes. I love lamp. My apartment smells of rich mahogany.
I'm being myself but I always get screwed over so there isn't anything women really want??
I fell walking up concrete steps and had to get stitches in my head
#Wizards are the most intriguing local team for men now, you can miss a game and be OK, and love rebuilding...anybody want to go see the LAL
Watching an AAU game up here at the Run N Slam & I'm trying to figure out who's more disinterested in this game...the coach or his players?
what to do what to do
loved that last performance
Take a look at 2011 and show me an example of Mauer's leadership. The clubhouse didn't stand up for him. Speaks volumes.
Now Following #TeamFollowBack :)
Serious fun in New Orleans with and last night. Good to see you guys.
yeah they count. Do you like clue?
this ain&#39;t no bank robbery!
aw I liked caribou
Technology companies go thru money fast bc programmers are EXPENSIVE right
JOIN THE MAILING LIST NOW!!! www.2crazycomedy.com
Thank you and
may have the best onion rings ever!
Watching the last song I love this movie did a great job!!
just lay on the floor screaming help me help me and then when someone comes to help stand up and say never mind
omg that's a THING? Must.. Hit... Reddit...
And why do they conduct interviews OUTSIDE at Davos???
And, if any of our artists who Tweet are in Hamburg, please take photos & regale us Stateside, we'll RT & be jealous :)
thinking of turkey today
About to go INSANE!! You don't realize how out of shape you are until someone challenges you to start working out again....err!!
I'm To Much , Baby You Can't Handle Me
No, but Thanks 4 that!
LOL! I'll settle for meeting a stewardess.
Gotta load that on the ole iPod for my return trip.
lets chat in the next 24 hours! now is fine with me if you're up
Would love to see in a Buffalo Bills jersey in a few years...
Calendar Overload Alert: Next wknd Record Fair and overlap! So much possibility! ...and I'll be in
That's good for you guys.
Tonight is 's "Best of Craigslist Show." we have comps, booze, and funny improvisers. What more could you ask for? 10pm
RT : Make happiness a habit. ~
RIP Whitney Houston. What a shame another great artist gone to soon!
should have worked out with me. it was a definite #swollders days
Wow-have u ever tried gluten-free pumpkin pie or chocolate cake?
4 long-cooking dishes, add herbs & spices an hour or less before serving. Cooking spices 4 2 long may result in overly strong flavors.
absolutely my man!
I've been engaged for over a year now and today I finally bought my first #bridal magazines!
I've been calm up to this point, I'm not about to continue to exercise such heavy self-control. Never liked exercising anyways lmao
My thoughts exactly!!!
UK baseball's record in their 1st 24 games this season: 23-1. UK baseball's record in their last 24 games: 14-10.
watching TV with Aidyn--gotta get ready for work soon.
What's your New Year's resolution? Mine is to stop being so nosy. Hey, did you hear who's trying to lose weight?
Thanks for the download!
“ Thank you for following me. Do you have tips on finding good resumes if you are the interviewer?” Hey I'll write an article! OK?
you did a great job with events the last few years. Relax and enjoy them this year!
My brain is 90% lyrics.<3
nah, because most of you know what a busy signal is! It was just that one caller.
pterodactyl like screeching and intermittent wailing. Fun times around here. Good thing he's mostly awesome. :)
Hey ! What do I do when your Tide to-go pen bleaches a spot on my favorite pants?
Seeing Woman in Black today! :D I've been waiting for this all week...
Not digging the new Passion Pit single. Hope the album is better.
Yo!! Shout out to my new follower!! Love my friend!!
Cheers to Laura T, my dear friend, from the foggy, chilly city of Chi town. Sorry I've been so out of touch; just too much busyness.
#wilwheaton in Pavilions. My teenage geek flashbacked; my adult geek wished #sheldon #bigbangtheory were around.
welcome to my new fans on twitter, my space, reverbnation and face book!
oh man! Thank u :) I'm spending thanksgiving out there with family so I needed to know what to pack. :)
Yikes! That's really funny.
Ah I'm so fucking scared
Wow best birthday ever... Found out I'm 7 weeks pregnant and wrote me happy birthday... I'm so happy... Thank you :-)
Watch "HUMAN PLANET"...
saw it :) but I tweeted it from my personal account (:
All these #Giants on the injured list...ouchie.... #kindacrazy ..
That scary moment when your walking into a store and the automatic doors are a little slow so your about to slam your face into the doors...
A good family day. But there are times I like to be alone, so I am walking to buy fruit and milk for tomorrow. The rain has left its scent.
And she such a tease but I like that shit...play hard to get I love it
Which agency handles parking spot assignment? I'm feeling like becoming an engaged citizen all of a sudden. :-)
Today I have stepped in dog shit, slipped on a banana, & almost peed my pants. To whomever pies me in the face later, I like lemon meringue.
Thanks Joy! #Shoutout The Queen of IEM's!
brilliant idea.
Sandbar Lounge is Packed Out! 710 West Willow Ave Long Beach 90806. NO COVER. HIP HOP/Top 40/Reggae Music.
Hey #packernation! Back from a vacation that was definitely
I swear my dog could be human crying like a baby bc he hasn't seen me in almost 48 hrs<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>I missed him on the other hand I look like a lobster
:) Yes it is. I love these! (I'm on second row, far left)
punk and cena is doing good as tag team partners
ha...so ready for summer!!
#geico already nailing it with their first commercial
Want to see Gio and the take on the Reds this afternoon, check out MLB.tv for the game of the day.
To much thai. To much
Since I've discovered Reddit and G+, Twitter just isn't that cool anymore.
This time it's the damn French. Damn French.
Our deal is still on! Just $5 for a medium one topping pizza when you order more than one!
Lot of $$ in that room. Someone will pony up for this mans boxing gym!
No decent free video editors I know of on windows. Ulead / Corel is good for $50, or Premiere Elements
My wife sure can cook!
Fml.... I hate ppl
our school think we Glee lol
nice!!! It's gonna be a nice day man
will do. Thank you again
These irrelevant bitches talking shit about us cheerleaders. Jealous much? Fuck off. You just wanna be us. Your men wanna be with us.
Seems that got together some local boutiques for a collaborative photoshoot. Cute photos trickling in.
& you know what happens on the river.....
Brewing Ngwenya (organic Ethiopia Sidamo) & a new Ethiopian Harrar that we branded as Mamba. Mention this twitter & enjoy a free 12 oz cup.
hey!!! I miss you too. Ended up doing the appartment thing.
Christianne was like "NO MARISSA IS OUT THERE".
Anxiously awaiting the return of #RonBurgundy let's get that #SexPanther goin!
Helping out at the big Revolutionary War Reenactment down at
Funny quotes. I like them.
“ Niggas sleeping on me I hope yu die In ya sleep”
teleporter: take me to pages 182-193 in /APRIL, please.
Q3~ ~ I would be lost w/o it!
Don't be jealous of my tampon, you'll get your turn.
Bummed I can't afford a cleanse. Sometimes, being a college student and working only part-time sucks. :(
just arrive to 6Abc......
Yum! Did you use the secret -vanilla- ingredient in the Ragu? Excited to drink #sacramento wine at the Old Sugar Mill tomorrow.
I just wanna sleep for like 3 days straight
If USA beats Algeria on Wednesday they advance to the next round of the World Cup.
Tutoring students with Autism is my passion!!! Follow your Passion and you will find complete joy!!
Whose everybody got in the Kentucky Derby?
Sorry! Me 2. Missed 1/2 day at work.
I'm just fuckin wit u I just had to get u back lol
You know you care so much for your boyfriend when you dont care if he broke your prada sunglasses at the zoo :'( lmao
awesome! so great to see our community supporting the arts! thank you, parents and friends! #westclermont!
we've only got 6 bao left for the day. If you haven't made it downtown yet, will likely have to wait till next week.
Follow I will fb
Keep ya'll mind right! #DontQuit ...
RT : Less thinking, more doing...
That's so great to hear!
Dislike fri 13th first get locked out my apratment then get stuck behind someone going 30mph on the interstate and was late for work
“We write because we believe the human spirit cannot be tamed and should not be trained.”--Nikki Giovanni.
Nice dude!....way to represent the N'hood
Future research infrastructure forecast: "cloudy w/ a chance of semantics"
I know your life sucks, but try not to make up "interesting"lies that ruin people's reputation & lives.
I'm legit about to cry I hate this shit.
Growing up has been difficult .
it's up :) 98pxy.com
do you braise it in beer for seco de chivo? and what spices
How to Make Biking Mainstream— Lessons from the Dutch. j.mp/avxJ6G via
Let the wedding season begin! We like working with fairly clean hair when up-styling, how about you?
congrats on #winning the Championship big guy!!
wat does it mean
awww thanks :)) along side with the Bestie : :))
I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing. - Aaliyah
RT : i'm a serial tryer-outer, so should not be prompted to do yet another new thing. However.. flying lesson in 2 weeks!
Let's go 49ers
Sydney Biddle Barrows~ I ran the wrong kind of business but I did it with integrity.
I am legit going to have a #SpiceGirls Birthday party this year.
MT : Thanks for making the case for why we need the CA #DISCLOSE Act for real transparency last weekend!
wut. omg. i'm not home. D:
Dad put on our flee & tick medication on & now we not only can't sleep in bed tonight!! Now Our hair looks very silly & smell yummy :-(
We have a new server ready - vpn-mf16 dynamic ip pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami FL. It's available in your customer area now.
I'm actually having a blast working on my final for Purple Aires.
Thinking about this one person <<<<<
Lmao the NASCAR announcers quoting talladega nights
Real Salt Lake's Nico Muniz (IISA alum) now on twitter
I put dat on my soul ya heard meh...
Did u purchase #property in the last 60 days? Call 410-608-3000 2day 4 #FREE property #tax analysis & find out how much u could b #saving!!!
yes! Sitting in the airport after having warmed up for the training with a little world cafe this morning
She forcen it wid the,periods
that line only works if you're part of the team, not a fan.
I'm deeply grateful for my executive creative wild pack w/ their brilliant feedback. Do you have a wild pack?
Pepperoni, ham, Italian sausage, regular sausage, bacon crumbles.
S/O to the talented
Have you ever wanted so much to tell someone how you feel about them but remained silent in fear of losing them???
Haha I admit I can be a pen stealer at times. =/ But at other times I just ask! ha
By the way, , I had to fall back to 1.4.1 so that Neatline .1 would function, for some reason, might know more
Do not look down on me for ordering a cosmo for dessert. Do not.
I got u lol..
yeah, shes older then them
THAT'S ON MY SCHOOLS STAGE! :)
my grandma not even off work , shit .
I just read an article in the Irish Times about this. It sounds like wonderful news! Congrats 2 you guys!!
It's much funnier that way.
Too many underestimate the power of prayer and the miracles that God presents us each day.
I think I overreacted the first time. Now that its more serious, I don't know exactly how to act.
Kickstarter page almost ready to launch !!!!!!!
Did you know that Apple will be replacing Google Maps with their own version of map software? According to 9to5Mac.
Bought some new panties today. Maybe that'll make me feel better.
everybody needs a song
Corfu and Mykonos were gorgeous! Wish I would have made it to Santorini thought!
fuck ya I call iron man
just got off the phone. They've called the pick in.
What the fuck did I just do.
i hope so. All that hate scared me for a minute.. We gotta get back together soon.
Which of the 3 undefeated teams have the best chance to finish undefeated?
#youshittingme RT“: Kentucky get most impressive win of the year in upset over Indiana”
O'Reilly finally gets it right. While in segue to his Dumbest of the Week segment he introduces Greg Gutfeld.
Thanks a million, mate
Good morning n happy friday hope everyone has a safe weekend......
So true...BIG IS IN
Who's u'll? Wut up
Thank you for the RT!
So far today: two e-mails, one chat ref question. Five hours down, three to go.
yep, maybe I'm weird..I like to see things from ppls lives...what they like to do, friends having fun, pets, quotes cartoons
New season of South Park is on today. So excited.
Thanks Megan!
2 eggs~~ Over-easy.. Hashbrowns.. 2 turkey sausage.. toast witt Coffee... Yum
AC, this advice is perfect timing for a current project. I get all except what does "elliptical" mean?
The difference between who you are and who you want to be...Is what you do.
RT ME Vale Dick!
How in the world was I not following ?
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 29
Let's do this #Reno!
whoever's open...the last shot is overrated
Was thinking hard af at work this morning gotta have a talk wit my lady when she wake up.
Email for bulk trash pick-up.
I might come tomorrow
ok, I'm just now realizing I have responses to tweets I sent out days ago. It's like you have to be online 24/7.
We have a large wine selection. Mix and Match 6 bottles and receive a 10% discount
And this scruffy-looking nerfherder has plenty more #starwars wisdom if necessary, your highness.
i wish he would text me... blah. i hate that i always have to start the conversations.
Looking forward to some upcoming Dodgeball Tournaments in Michigan. The biggest one of course... the DETROIT CUP one month away!
idunno why people at my school think i smoke weed..
: I'd rather be accurate & late than early & wrong, any day. Just b/c u can doesn't mean u should. Don't take shortcuts....
I'll save some for you.
Sometimes I feel alone #BizarroWorldtweet #
cancer research journal
Cool bros building cool stuff. Does it get better? Nope.
Every mathematical system no matter how seemingly random over a long enough period of time shows patterns
Adolf Hitler & sister Aryan Nation remain in foster care after 33 months ... - New York Daily News
Now that's truth that'll find ya sleepin' on the counch!
Bumper sticker: "My other face has a mustache." That made me giggle.
; there you go, looking pitiful because I let you go, there you go, talkin bout you want me back but sometimes it be's like that.
You're thinking about it. Buy one as a gift for your wife.
LOL when me and text each other non stop last 10 minutes of SuperBowl going crazy about every play
Tip: Drink 1-2 cups of water 30 minutes prior to exercising. You should also drink 1-2 cups of water every 15 minutes while exercising.
BEER It’s not just for breakfast anymore.
And got in free :) love when my connects go through!!
Thanks for the follow! Enjoy your #day!
Back at Home. Back at Twitter. Back at everthing. :) iLoveYouLittleSister.x3
Where's your favorite place to find Arts and Entertainment news/events in the Triangle?...
Fuk it yall can keep ya ass here then....
Rihanna making this rainy day better
I think u had just finished telling me how u guys had snuck in and been caught XD
what!? You aren't craving Peter piper!?!
on food: classic deep dish at Pizano's; the best Dog at the Wiener's Circle; and epic Italian Beef sammies at Al's Beef
sorry i've been mia. agree. it's better on you then me but still eh...
People from the south are the nicest :) RT : People are much nicer who don't live on a coast.
my name is irish.
Omw home in this brick ass wheather
damn u ah good bm sis
Are we honestly growing fruit if people arnt interested in this joy , or peace we constantly talk about ?
Daamn , bye bye bulls :'(
Yes, I have to have "a reason"
I bet thwy crazy as he'll and loud as fuck
Knicks lead the pursuit of Tyson Chandler? I do not think this guy is worth $14 mill a year and the Knicks should beware.
Yesturday I ate seafood, then chinese. Today I ate american food & now I just need mexican & italian food:)
San Antonio misses you.<3
knick and heat game so close...hard to choose the foreign language #oscars announcements in this situation!
Thanks Christine:) Gotta love pretty nails!:) Hope you get to try them on your nails soon:)
Thanks for the RT Joseph!
wtf I am mature! haha I just had to (:
If you are lost,follow me...
it's not possible to just be friends with someone you love & want so much more from...
We have outstanding rates here at the Comfort Suites-Lawrenceville. Come check us out if you are in the area and in need of accommodations
We have it! Stop on by when you are free!
ok what does ikkr mean
Yep, is there Sat & Sun #PecanStATX!!!
watching rosie now how wonerful u r what play r u in now want to come see u in one
I would be lying if I said you didn't cross my my mind every night b4 sleep, my my fantasy is the only way I can have you.
RT : Hirshhorn extends Aitken video by a week. MT : BREAKING Aitken's SONG1 extended to May 20.
How much would you want for it? I have a friend who might be interested.
I love cheese.
what you need to know about K-12 ed policy and advocacy.
right, let me rephrase. Russia & China won't get into a physical war w/ us... if it gets physical they'll use proxies.
We are in Oakland, near San Francisco. I moved up here about 18 years ago, but get down there often
THANK YOU SO MUCH OMFG IM CRYING THANK YOU I LOVE YOU <333
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SEANY!!!!! miss you sweetheart!
A complete stranger bought my breakfast this morning. Thanks whoever you are and I'll be sure to pay that one forward.
Great, especially since the sun decided to come out :)
CW said: "Mind your business. The Secret Circle is a secret."
So I can't see who is following my G+ page?
Is there a #SharePoint NCAA bracket this year? I want in!
Users may be experiencing an issue with our service; our engineers are currently working on this issue.
Judge Payne, IN "Our partnership with Case Commons will transform our legacy as a human services agency."
Ha! Seriously!
I usually could, but I find there's an inverse relationship between how long my pieces are and how many people read them. =)
Logan reading backstage,he's so cooteee<3.
The San Diego Foundations hopes everyone is having a great Monday! Don't forget to enjoy our beautiful San Diego weather!
What should I do now? Feedback
Or maybe our offensive line is worse than we knew...
I wonder if i take u home would u still be in love ..!!
Can't wait to see the
Thanks for the RT!
Every Tuesday night at The Mad Frog is URBAN OPEN MIC w/ SKANDAL. Come check out the best Cincy talent or step up and show us what you got!
look who I found!?!?
One of those work days where I stupidly allowed them to frustrate me early in the morning. Glad I have an hour to relax now that I am home.
Can you imagine the #coolkidstable in Chicago? Mind-boggling.
my predictions are 2 for 2, by the way
Cookin up dope tryna make a million
The cashier at the grocery store made the mistake of asking me if I was enjoying this beautiful Spring day...
You also have a Gr8 week! :)
At my grandparents house...I just seen the biggest bug..wasn't a pleasant sight
Sup guys just a little update we just recently got Will Taylor back and we have about 8 songs in the making right now maybe more. And...
Wish I was standing on a corner in Winslow, Arizona instead of Oconomowoc, Wi.
how r u whatcha doin so nice to talk to you :)
Listening to Apple earnings call now...
Sorry we just miss our connection....guess our friendship wasn't meant to be
OMG CODY FREAKING SIMPSON FOLLOWED ME brb fangirling
I didn't know that. I'd kill to work there! It'd be brilliant if I could connect w/ Dustin Robertson!
and The Onion. Pretty much the same thing.
The role of marketing is to become the chief storyteller says Develop a story to pull the team together.
": Y U NO FLIRT WITH ME WHEN I'M SINGLE? Y U WAIT UNTIL I GOT SOMETHING GOOD GOING FOR ME TO SHOW UP." Your life
I miss you! Can't wait to see you in a few days.
Hey! That's so rad. I'm glad you enjoy it. I'll be releasing lots and lots more this year so I'm excited to share with you. : )
": Oh, man. Frontline's on the Murdoch scandals. Great #Celtics game, too." It really is quite a boston media nerd dilemma...
These fools really having a shirt off
the dude off of the grey? He dresses in some dope clothing.
Hope 2 c u there RT : RT : Tomorrow is Tip A Tiger! You can hang with the Detroit !
Simply compose tweet, and assign h-tag generally at the end of the tweet. To "categorize" or assign a "keyword" to the topic of your tweet.
I feel you
#Justice2012 in #PDX: smooth admin, strong participation of artists, and great conversations
Now body every told you it would be easy, but now you know, let's get back to achieving greatness!
I got done talking
Now at home with some tea and watching Harry Potter. :)
Game 7 Power Hour? Yup! #LetsGoB's
#wsop28 $1500 NL about to start, I'm at table 133! Table full of fishies so far :)
a train, a plane or an automobile
You'll get the there!
I'm honored to be mutual followers. Maybe I'll get to see you guys in concert sometime...
hey Annie are you in Orlando?
Palfrey at HLS: we need more librarians, not fewer.
The best education in the world for your future is to be a super hot girl.
Then please don't throw them when I'm gone.
dear david stern for my bday i want the lockout to end
might be coming in the morning...if i can find a ride to the airport
The frosts have arrived and I couldn't be happier!!! Busy week starts tomorrow at ridiculous o'clock!
home improvement time! today: the garden!
No your not. You don't even like me doing music.
RT : LBWN is currently accepting applications for the Economic Development Manager position. Please click on the post......
Stand up world. Your time is now.
they wouldnt let me get on a pole
Learned what zoris means today.
Let Linx Entertainment host all your events for FREE. From birthdays to bachelorette, from office parties to fundraisers - call 2129319020.
my head hurts
Prett bummed I missed #TheEvent tonight. Oh well, that's the life of an onstage personality.
Yaaaay taking Ruby home!!! :)
Toastmasters tonight at Sinai Hospital, I'll be conducting the second half of the meeting. See how you can improve your communication skills
l think its for kids not for dogs :-)
Happiness is when what U think, what U say, & what U do R in harmony. ~ Mohandas Gandhi
-- lmao shit plz don't , we don't that to happen !
can't eat? Why?
#bsu fans think Blount was a thug....say hello to Vontaze
If you had to choose, what would you pick: Garage parking or in-unit washer/dryer?
Grill cheese too.. not so healthy though
Whitney Houston karaoke? Girl's vocal chords were no joke. I imagine that will be a painful night for the ears.
#NeverShouldYouEver lie.. The truth will always find its way out.
Tomorrow I gotta work at midtown n then my job. . Talk about goin have to get a Relaxer
attention vs permission is important in email ... obvious, I know.
Yes! it was so good meeting you as well! I can't wait to try your products! :)
Just returned from helping Chinese client assess biz opportunities in SLC and LAX. It seems Chinese are starting to look at investing in US.
I can't wait to move and find the perfect place for me.
Doors open at 8AM tomorrow. Get there early to register. Keynote kicks off at 9AM SHARP!
Leaving for Montana... Now! Watching The Office :-)
Dentist office wasn't all tht bad -.- wahhhh. Now gettinqq food. Yeah buddy ^.^
From my second book ... self-published of course just for me & my wife
Have heard a rumor that after two weeks there have been 270,000 signatures collected. That is half of what is needed to recall Walker.
Dear followers, please follow I know it's stupid but casters, wheels and replacement parts are near and dear to my heart.
Bring it, 14hr work day. Also, I wore a tie, so clearly I win today on basically all levels.
There's no better audience than a 4 year-old brother if you are a 10 year old practicing magic tricks.
Your cookies were a hit at the cigar store Saturday, as usual
Thanks for covering HP's digital content model, great view of your overall approach. Will you be sharing copy of PPT?
Sexual homicide conference at Binghamton U ready to start soon.
John Lucas joins World Learning as senior vice president for academic programs.
my dan tammy done got bigger since the last time I seen that fat
BANG BANG I SHOOT YHU DOWN
I dunno. Trying to figure that out now. You?
How was it??
lol I'm dead serious you know I gotta mess with you but I've been good, u? Are you back in nashville?
have fun at work! :)
THAT CALL I JUST GOT!!!! 2thumbs up!!!!
Your unsolicited advice is welcome. I just can't get motivated for more bog gov't.
boys realize they hurt your feelings and do everything they can to make it better and cheer you back up
Did you know that if a man has his balls crushed, he won't be allowed into the kingdom of heaven... Interesting.
wow man, looks like a great lineup... Can't help but be a bluegrass fan living out here!
everyone who came out to Baltimore Boom Bap Society- we're making it happen. #Real Hip Hop
wait I'm following u boo
Thank you! Cc
you know you love it #donthideit (:
Thanks to new followers!
I spent it with my computer and HBO. Lovely but missed u!!! See u tomorrow!!!!!
Shawn.... You're not turning INTO a woman for all the support of us, are you? Lol! :P
I just want her to hang with us at Brother Jimmy's
In the backyard looking for the Super Moon and I come back into my house with Bad Moon Rising by #CCR playing randomly on my iPod. :-/
Ekkk with people at Kalher and my huge cracked screen i can barly see what im writing SMH
Calgary has some great beer bars serving some fine Canadian ales. Check 'em out while you're there.
Pujols now just 72 home runs behind Bonds' single-season record.
It's a rare day off for Our Man, but he'll be playing tomorrow and Friday, naturally. Full band in Chillicothe on Saturday!
Beer-Con is kicking off. T-minus 5 minutes till Beer Wars Keynote.
Celeb siting this wknd. Was lucky enough to meet the one and only , music video superstar #whatsluv cc:
When you cant stop Faried, smash him in the head. When that doesnt work..... run like hell.
Thanks. Yep. My body is screaming but I am determined! Every time he says DIG DEEPER, I want to punch the guy!
oh haha you're funny (:
Dig the concept here, but...you guys afraid of a good ol' fashioned double-edged razor? Can't beat it (with a bit of practice...)
I really think we got a shot.
Make=craft... Admittedly made assumptive leap. Shall leave any required grounding to you:-)
Goodnight everyone..hope you all enjoyed your weekend, come back tomorrow and pick up our strain of the day; Island Dawg!
keep getting ingrons n bumps what brand of razor is it that your useing
right back at ya!
As with anything, it totally depends. Parents need to be parents, and let's face it, kids can't always make the right decision.
Auuggghh! Downton Abbey night, and I can't get WHTJ.
that was very obvious
I sure love my crown and coke <U+E418>a nice drink before bed.
#ravens trade out, see Smith, Jenkins, Martin & Wilson drafted - didn't want any of them, will get the guy they wanted plus gain a 4th
There are three signs of old age: loss of memory ... I forget the other two. ~ Red Skelton
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
The one rule of show business: Be nice to everyone!
i could imagine why it might not be the #1 priority.
i was creeping on your dads twiiter, he loves you , his tweet said so ;)
you can save that 15 cents by having internet dinners
my feet hurt. off to zee gym.
Good Morning Twitter , <3 !!!!
Key West star turned NFL direc MT : Congrats to Gator Ran Carthon, named the Director of Pro Personnel for St. Louis Rams.
Good morning! Been sick all weekend and there might be ice tomorrow. Yay.
Bitch I bet u don't even have Facebook
Yet another dope staten island studio session. Makin that magic! Stay tuned...
YEEEEEEEEEEEE. Getting my braces off the day before my birthday!
I am honored to accept your endorsement.
See you at the launchpad tonight!!! "The Bachelor of Science." #stoked!
Thanks for making me laugh.
Good Lawd is all!!!
Ready to watch hoping my fantasy team shines tonight and of course my man
RT : I wish people would stop making fun of Tim Tebow's religious faith and instead ridicule the way he throws.
I just did a FB search and notice only 3 state boards were listed.
How is everyone today?
Great quote: "It's not about HR KPI, but business KPI. If there is no link, measure it but don't bring it up." - Hertz @
Wow! RT Our Libraries are BUSY places & our collection is popular. Over 1,000,000 items out between Oct. 2010-Sept 30, 2011
Attention fellow ANMLS, please send us pictures of you wearing that new new AnmlHse. Thanks in advance. - management.
You know you want a "Dude, you should tweet that" shirt. And we're taking advantage of this huge screen. Holla!
NO! Alshon goes to Da Bears.
Today was sick. The streets were filled, bar were packed, everyone was out. It felt like a summer day. Summer summer summer summer time
You know how I know I am sick? I am choosing sleep over setting up my new phone. It needs to charge anyway.
. of computer scientists: for CSists, 98% OCR accuracy is good; for us humanists, it's not good enough.
Sat: Middle School Initiative at went to see The Lion King on B'Way. But we first got to meet the choreographer and Nahla!
Hunter the heel
Nice drive Miami!!
#norfolkstate say they go shock the world
#Cosign RT : It's Never Too Late to Follow Your Dreams..
nope #jersey baby
3 students arrested in connection to Friday's fire at Woodburn High School. Debra Gil will have the latest, and I'll have your HOT forecast!
Adele looks so gorgeous tonight!! Congratz
Owen and I are headed to puppy kindergarten!
You mean something like this. #FollowFriday My haters hate it when I say I love them.
U.S. construction spending increased slightly in March
BUUURRRRRRRRNNNN RT when I get a real shout out that Im actually in my car to hear;)
Question of the day: What's your favorite sports team?
If you're ever feeling homesick, watch - It will make you even more homesick but in a good way
But seriously your really starting to piss me of so just guck off and leave me and him alone .
Work. Class. No editing reel. Good day.
At the stockyard it's my backyard that's we're I grew up
Bravo to 4 sharing w/ us some of the mean things people have tweeted about him during other keynotes. We're not worried.
thanks for letting me know :)
best band and singers on the planet, the Ellen James Society. Unfortunately they live on only in my CD player!
RED digital cinema better release the Dragon sensor by the end of this year if they want to stay competitive.
Hi TJ! Thx for the follow. How are you?
Watching Puss and Boots !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
miller light>keystone lol
Hey I just figured out where those jobs is claiming came from. Kathy Nickolaus forgot to add in the 50k new jobs in Brookfield
Reading The Circle Maker by Highly recommend! I believe on the power of prayer and just got challenged to a new level!
the more i see Gomez out there, the more i feel klose I'd still the best striker for the national team
i need a glass of milk, so the people near me would get the full effect of the humor: with milk coming out of my nose and all
I Like "It" Hot & Slick.
keep the change you filthy animal!
RT : “Love is giving and faith is receiving. Without both, the flow of the universe is broken and we are less than complete!”
In case you forgot, Scalia, Roberts, Thomas, Alito; the corporations are people gang, are republican appointments…do you want more?
OH: You know, if its Latin, its serious!
She wore lacy heels, some small gold jewelry, and carried a black clutch
Times like this I
Yes I do remember you. :)
ok what's your number ?
Follow my tweets,is Sexy related to Watch The Big Bang Theory Online Episodes
Hi Grant, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Made ice cream in chemistry today.
Morning coffee >>>>>
I, I want to be, every little thing that want, that you need, that breathe -
I don't know why, but I'm just super excited for our Rehersal today:) #
No work today. Just chilling at a pool partieeeee. All Day and night!!
I got a big surprise for you at the end of the week. I know it's killing you inside but you just have to wait for it brah ;)
GOT AN ALBUM RELEASE PARTY OR A BIG EVENT AND NEED THE BEST HIRE THE DJ'S realbiz only end info to
Remeber Honor Society's old youtube videos? Yeah those were the best.
May Day - the day to give baskets of flowers to the people you love or smash in the window of the businesses you hate.
Margaret Thatcher~ To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan you should wear it inside where it functions best.
R.i.p. Junior Seau
Prayer breakfast at New Sardis Church, O what a FELLOWship!
Love is like a FART. If you have to force it, its probably shit. :3
I have the stupid stomach flu and it is not fun :(
Celine Dion just came on my LeAnn Rhymes Pandora station. My heart just melted.
#tasteofdc starts TOMORROW! what will you do first when we kick off at 11am?! taste the food? listen to on Main Stage? or...
RIP ETTA JAMES!
Thirsty Thursday again! Brady Street is the new Jazz in the Park!
Someone please explain to me how the #Dodgers are worth 2 billion.
And give my love to Girish. Tell him I can't wait to hear him play topless. He'll appreciate that.
getting recognized in the local rite aid das whatsup.
Apparently answering emails is a very difficult job for small businesses and non-profits. Jeepers.
hi!! Watsup! Its been a long time! I hope we can hang before summer!! Miss u!
That's awesome! I have heard so many good things about Pinterest. I'm excited to join! By the way, thanks so much for the pin :)
What is your favorite activity or food at the Wisconsin State Fair? What's new that you're going to try?
shifting back from vacation mode. savoring being at home again, though trip to Oregon & back was fabulous
Happy Birthday! (:
"What should I be for halloween Valerie?" "Asians celebrate halloween!?!? WOW" "Yeah..." "You should be an eggroll or something"
I would turn gay for <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Have you decided who will take care of your business and personal affairs when you are no longer capable?
RT : Pleasure is always derived from something outside you, whereas joy arises from within
any deals on walkmans? my spin doctor's tape is stuck and I can't get it out. Need a new one.
Bette Davis could be a prize provocateur. It takes a special person to succeed in acting, whether a he or a she.
Some good convo at the elbow room
sorry, that last tweet was really mean... NOT
Hello Tweeters, Well school has resumed . We have moved n 2 our new school bldg. The children and staff r so excited.
Phew! I was worried for a minute there. :)
My on personnel quote for the night if you not happy how can you make someone else happy. So always put you 1st <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
"How do you get your head so shiny"...
“: Today 7pm. Open scrimmage @ the AT&TCenter. Free 4 everybody! See you later!”
Ja-mike...ya-mike....oh who gives a damn!
bahahaha LOVE YOU!
#ndpl business models workstream will consider innovative new ways to aggregate content from publishers (and etc.)
agreed. it's why I'm going into Employment Law
RT House music is my drug
the depressing moment on sunday that you remember: tomorrow is monday -___-
Told ya, Lambs going for a career night! 8 already.
There were moments of gold and flashes of light.
wats up cute
Playing a little no-umbrella Russian roulette today.
Pfffff i just had to say that...
thank you for the follow, looking good.
i hate when ppl start fights and then they blame everything on u!
Hells Bells should be reserved for Trevor Hoffman!
The slow motion part of the DAWMH video where the arm with the inner circle bracelet is up in the air <3 Whoever you are I wanna be you! :)
Shopping mission with my client was so successful! 2 dresses she can style 5 different ways for under $250!
RT is awesome if you want to reboot 10 times g a show
Talk is stiil cheap..........I guess
well of course I do, I even remember what it means!
i wonder what time #oomf comin
I have been saying that 3.5" disks were going away for over a decade now, it's about time I get to be right
u leave me alone all day. i give you holes in the rose bed.
I look forward to working with you!
Win a new client, lose an existing client. We still get up every morning and make ice cream.
Here we go America!!!!! We are here live!!!!!
Agreed. I have to admit these things looked tempting recently, despite my better judgment. No more-too good to be true always is.
": #NoGasDay this Friday March 30th. Dont get gas. One day of no sales they will lose millions and lower prices! Pls RT!!"
Be true to your self
it's okay. I need to pack anyway.
Are you happy with the winner?
just said that she wants to be mummified...TF?
Thank you for the ReTweets and the Shout Outs!
You can say, "I read him when..."
I still watch Omar in "Broadway Empire" as Chalky White!
Good Morning RT : Good morning twitter
Schofield is a great player!
yup those FunBites are brilliant. Why didn't we think them?!
this is the soundtrack to my life.
how do we get meet and greets ?
There was something special last night before going to bed...seeing all the Christmas lights of neighboring houses covered in lots of snow.
no I'm not! & all girls are pretty :) I hate when they think they're not :/
Cliff Lee threw a bullpen without feeling anything. Says he will throw another in a few days, then should be activated.- Matt Gelb ()
where you been??
u welcome
RT : RT : Happiness is walking through the convention center and stopping frequently for hugs.
I utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it bad.
just saw your segment! what fun ideas. Loved the crayon wreath!
Commencement Season! Congratulations to all of the graduates!!
its okay, not your fault!<3 and sure
I can't believe I actually get MLK day off. Not working in television is great!
who the hell? what the fuck?
I'm on "Mind Body Spirit Expo", Edison, NJ. Many great speakers are here - Deepak Chopra, Doreen Virtue ... It's a weekend of enlightenment
Beautiful standing ovation by the audience. Opening night was a success.
In line waiting to see Harry Potter in IMAX 3D...so excited!
What did you do for #Halloween weekend? Share your pics with !
purple shirt.
Let's golf this week!
I will have to add tonight to my personal milestones!
Goodnight sweetie! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
naw go ahead and keep them, i aint taking no more meds, i been taking to many!! everything will be fixed this month
You can try and mess with me but when you do I'll kick you ass
just ran 4 mi *how long will this last*
Quote: "No one can give you better advice than yourself." Cicero
Finding it hard to sleep after one point loss!
thanks for the shout out.
It's just a quick flight from LA, right? We'd love to have you here!
Genghis survived but he's wounded.
Thanks Tom!
True, true.
nah there open n when the knick$ when ima let it go
Yeah, cooked in a completely different way there though. It's basically uncooked and very pungent.
Chief Wray says the violence has a tight grip on the city.
Super excited to see at the comedy store tonight. He brings the goods and you know you're fucking with a champ!
i'm financially straight like a lion i aint lyin all my hoes on they toes ballerina black swan
Man, I slept hard! I have an indention of the remote in my back
Thanks! Things are okay for me. Still fighting, head above water. And you?
Yep, I'm getting a "problem loading page" error as well.
Haha, duly noted! I passed on your info to my sis - she'll decide whenever. The academics play a big difference, I suppose ;)
I'm playing standby games all day. Also, no, I am not comfortable leaving. But thanks for the offer!
He said: I'm allergic to condoms. She said: That's okay, I keep Benadryl in my purse. #Moral: Don't play games with an educated woman.
Filming a music video tomorrow at the beach(:
My boss handed me the reins to our weekly top content #analytics report. Result: I was excited to go to work on a Monday morn!
so every time we have to do scentances for 9th grade literature me and my best friends use :) <3#support we beast like that
naw mane is it dope?
Reading Doris Lessing's "Briefing for a Descent Into Hell", an experimental firestorm of imagination and spirit. Great stuff!
New York misses you Justin. :(
Happy Canada day Graham. May all your maple and poutine dreams come true today!
9 years since we invaded Iraq. Do you feel any safer? Oh, and how's those gas prices?
Ah yes, I was thinking of stopping by! Thx 4 the reminder.
Gotta make a move sometime...
In the top of the 9th with a client on a six-month overhaul of their signature presentation. Devil now is in the visual details.
shut up. I hate you.
We've successfully boarded the bolt bus. Here we go to NYC!
Last Day For RedsFest Specials!
Pooped!! Someone wanna hang tonight??
I hear ya loud and clear Ax, got a 6-month little man myself. Crazy little critters aren't they?!
Happy St Patty's Day? Gotta get my share of them Green Pancakes and Green BEER BATTER I dont think so ? i stick to my Gravy and Sausage!
Watching three people scramble out of a taxi to get into a bus is probably the stupidest thing I'll see today. Then again, it's only 10AM...
I'm in love with the nutter butter flavor!!
They should be but unfortunately some players don't work that way. Stinks.
There are days I sit in my room, paging through my books. It's magic. There is nothing like it.
Dinner Friday at Christini's in Orlando was fantastic! The food is so wonderful! Olives from his farm in Greece, etc. Perfect!
Even funnier how exchanges between those contexts are often ignored. Hadn't thought of it in relation to periodicals!
Movie and ice cream with BC
yeah. It's got pine nuts, mozzarella, tomato and balsamic.
mixing tonight will be fun
Sweet Sixteen
NO WAY!!!! I love the fact she stood up for man I wish that would happen more often!! Putting his teammates on blast wasn't cool.
Lend a helping hand; become a mentor!
Happy Easter to all of our non-Orthodox Christian friends and families! And to our Orthodox Christian friends, happy Palm Sunday!
Thanks!!RT : Everyone has #ThatOnePerson who inspires them for me it is and with :)
^Scott Finally finished uninstalling & re-downloading , now installing from #Win7OS64bit Desktop.
Can I get a reeeeefilllll
: That's all he's really good at.
So when does filming start for next G.I. Joe after this one shatters the box office?
#YouTooDamnOldToBe workin' in a fast food restaurant. These jobs are for high school & college kids, not for you with your US work visa.
I was gunnna go Friday morning
Hell, some of my friends have grandchildren already.
Border Fence Part of Larger Solution
I for sure will be
Good Morning!
I really like Chris Mann but that pairing diddnt really satisfy me ...
Congratulations to Khylin Rhambo who has just booked a lead in a huge Feature Film!! Go Khylin!
You too Zenita!!
Exactly, Dan. Who is the public face of your #nonprofit org? Constituents are "customers" and customer service counts
Thanks for the follow!
urggg. You can move to Iowa and join my dance team (:
S/O to DirtIrvEnt for comin out tonight. Got a new promotions deal. New teaser reel real soon. Hit me up
One guy Has a child, The Next one dosent pay me any attention, And the third one just found out he used to mess with my little cousin :/ FML
Can't sleep cause I keep thinking of new concepts to shoot
Sell out crowd in Mt Horeb as Barneveld is up 44-24 at the end of 3.
Yes yes. Now I don't have to wait for somebody to let me see their iPhone. I'm doin my own thang, salts :@)
I told Andy MacPhail to release Justin Duchsherer today. Apparently running a no-kill shelter for hobbled pitchers has no tax benefit.
boo - gotta disagree with you on the #madmen view...
Congrats to for being our most distant participant! Must be cold up there in Kodiak, AK.
how heady are you right now
If you<U+0092>re really spiritual,then you should be totally independent of the good bad opinions of the world, you should have faith in yourself.
They are amazing creatures.
Jimmy Butler just needs someone to believe in him...that someone is clearly not going to be Alex Lunde
haha awww i wanna see her now
Remember that failure is an event, not a person. - Zig Ziglar
Lunch with Lorraine today at the Tabard Inn lovely. Looking forward to the Folger dinner Saturday.
Did you refuel with the pancakes afterward?
HAhahahaha! Won my first fight mother fucker. Bet you didn't see that one coming bitch.
Yes :) Welcome<U+2665>
Pleasure was mine! Lots to think about.
If you don't know where you are going, you'll end up some place else. - Yogi Berra
Got a busy day ahead of me, but best believe I'm still rooting for that black and red!
yikes, Pens are hammering the Flyers. hopefully the can finish off our series.
I hope is going to call me and sing happy birthday on my vm ]ril 7th like he did last year..I still got that msg..he's amazing!
Are you offering him a job?
our child dev. binders aren't due til Friday, right?
We're back and ready for 2011. We have entered our 26th year - still independent and the best choice for publ'g admin!
Pray for my mom!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Heey (: i think imgonna change my username again
you are such an inspiration! #MuchLove (:
We love you too! RT : You love that place almost as much as you love
follow back dude?! I like ur bio I'm agree with it. :)
Good evening and welcome to our healing, breakthrough and deliverance serivce! We will be broadcasting shortly!
Im Not In A Relationship . Therefore , I Can Do Whatever TF I Want !
"A YOUNG NIGGA W/ HEART I AIN'T HAVE SHIT 2 LOSE, PULLIN' MY PISTOL ON THEM FOOLS U' KNO' THE RULES!!!!"-2PAC"U' CAN'T C' ME"-ALL EYES ON ME
Nothing has ever bothered me as much as my recent realization that I have never seen bird testicles.
I know!! hahahah
Almost certain urs - IIRC it was DVD+/-RW where the industry decided we didn't have enough fragmentation. They didn't learn…
Cool like a cucumber
we're using the same artwork for 2011 but dates should all be updated - please let us know if not!
Thanks for the note. That is awesome! Its such a smart way to get those sales up
damnit, thought my pleated kakhis and nacho fetish were going to get me laid.
damn is it that hard to close the doors
Sad, sad day. RIP Adam "MCA" Yauch.
Happy Tweeting! Hello to all... =)
Let's travel the world
I think i need to pray...um...can we pray??? lol
giving up and walking. 9:52 is 33 min late and 10:12 is 10 min late. You NEED to get GPS in your buses. I got to get a car.
Yay for FT's!:D
Phew, a lot of work
This time flow and fullness
I don't think the city would be allowed to make content specific decisions.
So I have poptarts and chips in the freezer...
National Kiss Day on #Fridaythe13th Something tells me that’s bad scheduling
AH SO CUTE!
I'm currently perusing the right side of Patrick's face
dont feel dumb, we knew all the ppl there basically. Thats the shitty part. Someone we know is a thief
no problem. You can also keep checking on tumblr & here for updates. What other bands do you like?
good luck tonight big man. Show out.
hi Selly it would a dream if u followed&ilySOmuch ily& SOmuch u guys r such inspiration, iluv2sing cuz of u and JB
Do you think Pat Sajak really gives a shit if they go bankrupt?
My New Year's resolution: to tweet more. Just can't bare to part ways with my torrid love affair with Facebook...
Special Forces returned safely, but still needs a smog check. Ugh!
just yawned.. wow! i'm pretty shocked cause i am not tiredd..
Great stuff...and timely for me. I'm planning to give my gown another spin on our 5th anniversary--12.01.11.
youre very welcome :)
ok I got u fam
of course .... No worries babe
ohh! Well I just got off work and am now doing the same thing! Ahaha do you wanna do something?!
ok i will <3
how bout you come visit ME mmmmk
u first
And if you're unhappy still I will be hanging on your line.
Got some great marriage advice on how to keep the romance fresh from a 20 year marriage veteran....I'll use the advice one day!
Great Latin Night at Salute! Thank you for everyone that came by. Stay tune for the next one!
I'm McStunned that you went to McDonalds.
Thought U might like this; #StarSlinger #mention at the bottom
When I feel on top of my school work.... professors pile more homework, test, & projects and it's never ending! so stress #whereissummer?
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
What will the #presidential #election look like in 30 years, when #GenY candidates' college Facebook pics are discovered?
happy birthday paaaaaj.!
Better Be :), But you Never talk to Me anymore "/
The rainy weather here has definitely helped me get in touch with my cozy side. I think we actually turned the heat on today.
i saw your tongue tied tweet im like OMG I MISS THEM
Are u okay Tre D ?
just a little. :-)
Stealing other peoples toys on the playground won't make you many friends.
#whenitwascoolto use Myspace...
Thanks and for this morning's webinar on SSO options. Groundswell of interest out there
It's almost the weekend! Look, there's a Rio Margarita at the end of the tunnel!
m everyone should try
loolahoop #what she order,fish-fa-la
The headquarters is ready for 's magic. Lets go!! Shooting tonight!
Hey, y'all like my new hat? I've been both naughty and nice this year.
Most people like to eat chocolate mint after dinner
If I ever get rich, I VOW I will pay #GoDaddy to STOP MAKING COMMERCIALS.
Cranky thanky Now get out and get business!
Follow they will #retweet any DM #message you send them. (After u follow em and viceversa) -
Iggy wants to be a supper star he is his time to show it
we played for Santa from the Macy's Day Parade!
oh man. What are winter grits?
Karaoke at Park 33...
What are good restaurants with wifi?
Official News: GLEEAM selected for NY Fringe. Production negotiations underway. Stay tuned!
they threw him up then rebecca black built him back together bitch dog shit as glue
Life is full of questions. Its sad that not all of them get answered. Right??
A. Why are you asking me this on your anniversary celebration? B. I think that scheme sounds perfect. You could lose the tan.
Why does the FB spellcheck not recognize "mtg" as an abbr. for "meeting" and offer to correct it with "MTV"?
4 batters in, 12 pitches, no called strikes, bases loaded on walks and a HBP, things not looking pretty for the Freak
Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open. -Finley Peter Dunne
Check out the June/July issue of "New American Paintings" to see work by alumna Katie Miller '07, '11 (Hoffberger)
"know what fuck everybody, im always the blame"
Nyquill is hitting me like a truck. Z.....
Our hearts yearn for simplicity. Jesus reduced the entire Scriptures down to this: love God and love others! Simple is good!
This nigga Rondo a alien real tlk
I give up
Red sox announcers last night spent a minute debating if mittens have fingers. It was said to have been more exciting than the game itself.
“: has the best blog in the world he talks all about the packers and football & the nfl draft” thanks, Chai!
wow yknow it would have been nice of her to tell us that beforehand!!!
... oh man, don't tell that Jake Gyllenhaal is there or she'll make us move to your hood.
Animals & children under 6 are innocent. That is why most of them can see and hear spirits.
A Series of Unfortunate Events
I UNDERSTAND THE SONG BUT THE VIDEO IS JUST HIM IN THE HOSPITAL BY HIMSELF BUT THERE'S NO GIRL OR BABY OR DOCTOR OR ANYTHING
It was great. I did enjoy the Hulk more now that I didn't have to see him over an entire movie. He's a better supporting guy.
It's interesting that the #GSU decision doesn't address the use of any medium other than books. Not sure where music or film would fit.
": I was going to ask you about your hair. It was pretty!"< thank u. That's my girl Annagjid
wanna cover my shift? Hahaha come in and hang out! I'm there at 10
It's crazy how dead quiet it is on a Friday night, doesn't even feel like itit's all due to beginning of
U win some and then u lose some... Tonight is a draw...lol
what official mahomie thing?
Would love to watch the draft tonight but doubtful I can wrestle the TV away from my 81 y.o. dad. Thank God he goes to bed at 8.
We can start with how Congress' disapproval rating is 82%, highest on record.
Thanks! I definitely have alot to learn from him...he is a true legend for me.
so much regret. mrawrp.
don't tell us people are using the old "high motor" analogy?!?
isn't his reasoning contradictory? I totally understand why you feel the way you do....
#followed and
I want to Publicly Thank for helping our organization in many different ways. We wish you much success on your Shalom Bayis tour!
or fully naked hahaha
Have you decided what your #midlifecrisiscar will be?
My mind, body, & spirit need some peace & beauty rest....i have a very busy day planned 2moro #CALLINGITANIGHT (Wine & On Demand)
what school?
Hey, Obama got Bin Laden. All that other stuff doesn't matter!
Failure is a stepping stone to success
The only constant in this life is change.
#launcher Sims 3 Late Night Launcher Error
Cruciferous veggies (cabbage, broccoli & cauliflower) can lower your risk of many types of cancers.
yess.): and right across from the mall!!
Gotta be up at 9 and I'm still up! Hahaha thug :-)
If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor.
I'm on the prowl for UXD experts/firms w experience working in nonprofit world. Solid grasp of info architecture would be a plus. Any recs?
hahaha ok u the phenom tho
Big Wednesday: Look for the new DocShop Before and After Gallery App! It's huge!
It appears i've lost my ipod. It was only a matter of time
Another music legend gone too soon. RIP Donna Summer.
Somebody PLEASE SLAP OLIVIA!
LMAO!!! Now I'm gonna be thinking of that song!!
you can come to missouri
Thank you!
I agree... it's just largely missing from the literature, or tucked away in papers about other things.
Jack Swagger from WWE is at KUPL for an interview! tune in to 98.7FM!
wandering around town is the best way to spend a birthday! good, good.
“: I hope all the young'uns watching this game really take Duncan in and appreciate him. Truly.” ~ well said!
Got a iPod touch for Christmas.
The 2010 MLK High School Battle of The Bands-Houston Is Scheduled For UH/Robertson Stadium January 16, 2010 Beginning @ 6:00 PM
aren't long distance relationships hard? Haha. Especially that much distance apart. It's like across the country....
Happy Birthday! Today is mine. Go Pisces.
Why does everyone hate Griffin now?
Happy Birthday! :)
as long as you came across with the info.
"you've seen all my mistakes, now look me in my eyes." ahh I cant wait to see you next month ooohh boy!
Hello San Francisco. Very happy to see the son. Just finished with merchant. Fabulous little store.
Cleats to the head...somebody better get dumped you have to protect your keeper
I'm performing at Mekka April 13th so you don't have to be 21! I'm really grateful my hard work is paying off
Audio Post has wrapped on "The Chief". Happy Thanksgiving!
oomf done showed tf out by posting a damn picture of his dick on here
I think you are correct.
Well, WHO DOGGIE!!!! We hit over 2,300 likes!!! YAY!!! & THANK U THANK U THANK U for all your wonderful support!!
Ahh you were there ? You didn't tell me! But thank you
We're experimenting with using a backchannel to enhance our videoconference meetings
Pickin up fam bout to clock in
both those places are sickening now.
Fun video. Could use another edit but the students had a good time making it.
Rewatching 's "Never Say Never" movie...
How’s your bracket looking so far? You can catch all of the NCAA Tourney actions on our big screens!
in all his brilliance being interviewed on Even cooler than his cameo in Iron Man 2.
I draw a difference between the work and the notion of a field.
Boston love <3
Fantastic! Thanks!!
Thank you! And totally appreciate the follow!!
#ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL "wtf?" "omg get a life.." "no one cares.." "attention whore.." "that better not be about me..." "
Ann the musicians keep coming in to jam & celebrate good music & the unity of our NYC jazz scene...
Go Janice! It looks very yummy!
#TradHome thanks, Stacey! can't wait!
never working hard enough. Plus, today will be HOT!
High Lifes! Gotta be classy!
I'm currently making some changes in my life . If you don't hear from me , you're one of them .
#Pujols leaving St. Louis totally makes up for them winning the World Series. I love to see #Cardinals fans miserable.
Everybody in my city fuck with me
Tough consolation. Borders gone on Boylston, but Boston's first Pret a Manger, Athleta will open there.
All we need is a high resolution digital photograph and we can print it big size on a fine piece of canvas.
Thanks to for referring ‘s wine blog, A Glass After Work. It’s an easy, informative read & entertaining to boot.
Everyone should be picking up Bear In Heaven's new record today - 'I Love You, It's Cool'. Go on. I'll wait.
I was there in 2003 and loved it... I didn't want to leave. Worried I won't want to this time. :)
The blast at the nuclear facility occurred just hours after officials said they feared the reactor could melt down.
Ray Ban Replica SunglassesNew Wayfarer Ray Ban Replica - sunglasses case
happy birthday Kasee!!!!
Loving the atmosphere in the office today.
Me either! Thanks for pushing and challenging me! I'm looking forward to kicking some butt this season.
Any idea what it might have been? Something like optparse for python. Would be handy to not have to roll my own.
Reeeaaallllyyy looking forward to having my car back :)
But you always have Angie! :D
Oh do you need some sun? Cuz you're shady as fuck.
Yeah so.... i'll just do homework in first period. Knowing my luck we will actually do something in there tomorrow.
What are you inferring about #healthcare and the #cloud? Your #tweet sounds skeptical, but your link is optimistic.
sho' will...can't say enough how big a help has been during our money raise! cc
Made $152 in Amoeba store-credit from selling CDs - used it to buy a bunch of classic vinyls - total came to $151.67.
How can we hope to have a strong economy in a country where political pandering to ignorance earns votes?
so confused right now lol...what just happened.
Roses are red, violets are blue. Dont u wanna kiss austin? On his lips and neck too
No , but like seriously , I need a new gym partner.
I drove home drowsy AF! from13hr night. I got home,had 2cold kit-kats and did 20 chinups Now I'm wide awake when I want to be asleep
's KC BBQ Crawl = Chicken at #Rosedales, Beef and Pork sandwiches at #ArthurBryants, and a slab at #Gate's... Freakin Stuffed!
But Jemele watched Vick's title game (and apparently nothing else) so she's an expert. Somehow.
Washington Governor Gregoire to announce state of Emergency - Whooping cough
The first ep I saw was either Dungeons & Dragons or Modern Warfare. I was like, "I could watch more of these ppl"
So full. Might die.
Cameron....him and he's hp moment lol
Hey Taap Fans! Where is the best place to eat in the ABQ?
Reimbursement models, lack of insurance, under-insurance, volume based med... tech innovation can't solve these
Looking forward to running the Foot Traffic Flat Half marathon on the 4th of July...anyone else?
lol yes ugh ready for school to be over me& him broke up fir good lol dont wanna talk bout but im fine im hella chill
What is the name of the song tht goes oh here we are so close so far or something like that?
#smx #1a1 Code your own url shortener in PHP. Use it to track revenue, clicks, etc. Good idea!
thank you have a good week. Appreciate the support.
Glen Campbell belting out politically correct Rhinestone Cowboy and Cowgirls.
RT : Who ham? >>Good guess, though. Thanks for the RT.
Working on lots of stuff...looks lovely outside... maybe later : )
I'd like to be everything you want.<U+2665>
Does this idiot singing in pro bowl wearing a leather jacket and skin tight jeans realize it is Hawaii?
The sun smiles on Milwaukee! Come run, walk, stroll the park at lunchtime/
What is the most painful tattoo you've gotten?
you should really come back then <3 we miss youu
I miss the D so much!
You graduating and don't want to work for 'the man?' Start up your own business. We can .com
She's ordered kuz she always deliver
And I did another 200 after that. Day's total around 1100. High five baby!
Quotes on mind of the rest of the league "Terrified" "Amazed" "Seen nothing like it since Gretzky's Oilers!"
if you keep saying things like "Randy Quaidzy," you'll be of Dunham status in no time, cause that's badd as.
Are the network graph experimental visualizations not available for embed yet?
&& ALL the mommies out there ! && Single daddies ! :).
Really wants to get focus group together for #Baltimore scholarship program, need ideas from leaders in all walks of life, plz msg! Anyone?
RT : RT - Save the date: Feb 11th, major concert for #Haiti by
I've said the same thing! “: Why does everyone always have amazing sales the day before payday? That makes NO SENSE.
I feel you. Kinda feeling like taking a break from it too
Great and launches at the #eisummit this year. Good to see measuring soft skills become a focus for
My throat hurts & Imma be late for school. >_>
Good man. In NY now trying to live the dream, but im still in dc pretty often
Sweet, thanks for the support! <3
going out later and making plans for later on, hopefully going to the show on September 25th. Music is life!!!
Love Them Or Hate Them! You have the RESPECT The #DiazBrothers Ability To Fight! Them boys Can Flatout BANG!!!
I need to move out.
#FirstThingIDoInTheMorning roll over and go back to sleep
This art drama is out of control! We all just want the arts to thrive...right?
love surfing the web laughing at dumb shit lol if u do the same retweet or follow me
crook & opportunist--how about the sweat shops?
not dat fake purple, diz cat told me he had purple and it tasted like brown dirt
By "online workshop" do you mean exclusively via webcasting? Lots of genealogy orgs train people in paleography, but usually 1-on-1.
your a cum guzzler
Definitely worth a rewatch then. Especially now that you'll appreciate it when they talk about "Painless."
Let's wrap it up Big Blue #Giants!! Nice TD
Death at a Funeral Funny movie
I just found a bunch of tweeps in the realms of taxonomy, metadata, keywording, and digital asset management to follow.
Weekend promotion: enter "cyber" at checkout online and receive 25% off your order.
Not much were recording today :D
You're welcome ^_^
(the probability that we are living in an unsimulated universe) = 1 / ((number of universe that could ever be simulated) + 1)
Why do I even do anything other than read wonderful books and eat delicious food? Something about earning money for shelter, probably.
Iron Law of pricing complex projects: you never know EXACTLY what you need until the day before you have to report on it to your boss.
Just picked up my Hunger Clean-Up t-shirt! Looking forward to helping the #Mke community on Saturday with 's team
RT : #cloudforce Kundra talking about disruption and social revolution underway in tech
You think you're hot stuff with all that plastic, don't you.? You need a reality check, hunn.
thanks for the RT !!!
Also need to hear from our followers soon...HC Wake Forest is looking for a "high profile" male writer...have anyone in mind funny? Cute?...
I can't find Zhu Zhu.
Who trynna burn , ?
3D! let me know how it goes
Ha...asparagus. I just meant as opposed to another object.
can school just be over already?
FINALLY on the right train. I knew I couldn't leave Italy without at least one misadventure
I want to see THREE #Phillies batters walk every game.
Has Google *dramatically* changed its search algorithms? I'm finding it weirdly impossible to find what I'm looking for tonight.
is blogging about history as an open source.
Im new here so not too sure how this works but happy birthday
Had a great shoot with the peeps today. Thanks for letting me join your ride.
Thanks Bro! Looking forward to seeing you there. I definitely want some awesome FUPAC representation!
Robert screams ~ROBERT THE YOUNOW STRIPPER mom~ teresa wht r u doin~ me~ o nothinnn...
excuses excuses
Looking forward to it!
I'll call you tomorrow. I can't wait to see you!!
#Love hurts & 2Pac said #Fear is stronger than #Love & I say I will neva fall in love again...
You'll Never! Be me, so stop trying ; your loosing time to find Yourself...
Would be cool to service the companies on the West Side of the Flats this week. Like and
no fuckin duh it cole...O.o
I checked u in Cali so now u have to make a trip to H Town!
Freshmen trying to start stuff with me and
Stupid nigger ass bitch
wat r u doing ?
I wish there was sshfstab.
I'm guessing you're not watching the Grammys...
Our other location on Sandy Blvd is now open. Please drop by. Happy hour all the time.
I think I might have the wrong number, :( send me it again!!!! <3 cuz i texted and nobody answeered </3
I need 2 tix for your JJ show May 27th. We can meet at DFH for dinner and the exchange, yes?
Hi Mark - thanks for following Better Wine Guide! I'm always happy to know a fellow wine snob and a banker.
I'll bring some kerosene. And I'll be right there with ya... Maybe not so much there in mind. But physically I'll be there.
yepp! Be scared, or ima give yhu something to be scared about!
Quote: "Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens." JRR Tolkien
This two-hour Frontline episode has moved me beyond depressed to downright scared. I should just go to bed.
it's all fun and games til someone loses an I (eye) cause then our name is An.
JOhn hard to give the advice with guys on the DL...
Singer says inspiration from all corners of life as chats with her at last nights Glam
How is gay marriage illegal but that dude can marry bacon in a church?
Oh okay.
Kvelling. MT : #hhawards for Outstanding Supporting Actress, Res Play- Gabriella Fernandez-Coffey AFTER THE FALL !
I'm feelin myself. who wants to touch too?
#introvert MT Are you an introvert or extrovert? You'll network differently so it's helpful to know before you start planning
hehehe yes we know this!
No but seriously I have what appears to be a working 8mm film projector, if anyone can think of a use for that sort of thing.
yea! That and AP tests! Can you skype at 2 or 3pm my time, 3 or 4pm your time?
Joe Watkins: archaeologist take heritage and transform it into economically viable (indgenious populations viewpoint)
what happened
Ugh, knew wit all this crazy rain a migraine was comin soon. At least I have some time 2 relax b4 I gotta go 2 work 2night...
You know it. ;)
thx cuz! See ya soon with Devin the Dude??
is Pranking us!!!!!! #AprilFoolsDay what a prankster! (;
followed mee! This is an amazing surprise! Still pissed you didn't win American Idol! :O Even though that was a while ago :)
Great 4 mile run with Now for some food at yard house with and
Hi Duane! Great time to reconnect. Looking forward to catching up. Techrangers strong since 96. Merry Christmas! All the best
And it let's me make fun of new Yorkers. But all of it is just waiting around for Game of Thrones to start
oh yeah! Are Cameron and Taylor friends?
2nd St Jazz Bar in L.A. 2nite, gonna go c Eyeshine:)
Have a good afternoon everyone:)
we're getting some fun ones in tonight!
Thanks! Reading is always so much more fun when begging is involved. :)
lol. Send me the pic you want
'Its a Mad Mad World' may have been fun in it's time and era, but by today's standards, its a bad bad film. Great cast and cameos though.
Falling down the stairs fuckin hurts!!
we were probly the classiest 2:30 am customers they've ever had!
Feeling good is good enoughRT : Is in a good mood.
Brain Floss: Believe it or not, an asian elephant in Canada has crowns on his tusks! They weigh 28lbs each and are made of metal.
is it really u on ur icon ?
RT : Free $10.00 gift certificates! Lu Anders Boutique on Mineral Point Rd. today with code word found at www.phreeps.com
This Balvenie is perfect.
Today is a good day, bless up twitter fam.
Freedom the gym temp is warm.
bahaha did i say that?!
Can I geta thank God Hallelujah? :) <3 :)
It really depends on what type of job you're looking 4. But overall the market is decent. U just have to hustle when u get here.
Intel cards won't support it :P
Haha love it
Big weekend begins tonight. Here's to all of the #teamPSE rookies who have worked tirelessly to prepare for this moment.
#whosgonnalose - Washington at San Diego - Washington will lose
I didn't know jeff gordon played baseball.
Been fun, let's do this again...in 20 years - ready for live shows next week! RT : 20th ann. tribute to Sam Kinison on H100/H101
Everybody need somebody,sometimes<3
Lol. I've been that assistant, among the many jobs I've held in Hollywood before getting paid to write.
just saw Santa wakeboarding down the Willamette
College Book Art Assoc. exhibition, BIBLIOTECH opens today. Be sure to check out items from our own Grabhorn Collection while you're here!
happy #teenwolfing tonite!! Oh and fourth of july!! Rt if you love your fans who are skipping fourth to watch!
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy
"Every moment spent with you is a moment I treasure." <U+2764>
I Love You Two
I'm the type to swallow the truth.. & belch reality
Still I rise, Still I fight, Still I might crack a smile keep my eye on the prize, see my haters tell em hi ;*
i hate sluts and whores.
oh. I would forgive you but your mean:'(<\3
Hi guys!:)idont feel well :(
we invited to the show tonight to talk about #winning between sets. my guess is he won't show
WTF NO I HAVEN'T!
Ask yo main bitch she know who I am ..
RT : Thx to all who tuned into MDA Telethon & supported good cause that brings hope to so many.
Wow. Last night in Lubbock for 3 months. SA tomorrow with and then until August!
SPREAD THE WORD ABOUT HBN – plz RT our updates – exciting things R happening & we want 2 share w/ EVERY1 – Thx 4 ur love/support–God Bless U
I've been going hard since Wed. It finally hit me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Would you be interested in speaking for our PRSSA group next week? Feel free to DM me.
fight with me. oh yeah, thats great. and i'll disguise myself by having my account be a fan of someone else, when really all im gonna do >
Don't you suppose Warren Buffett's move on BoA is politically motivated? He is up to his shoulders in Democratic politics.
Have you ever considered writing a blog post for young people on why they should have life insurance/plan their estate?
My world
is there an audio books hashtag for #fridayreads?
There are some things you can hold off from fixing/changing in your apartment. Toilet paper is not one of them
Ok or a real big one:-)
aww i remember you would make those in 8th grade
Palin is so dumb she cant even answer Hannitys softball questions correctly
Awesome... thanks Kyle!
Chanting deport Chase as they pass the bank.
test test test
listening to Anne Willan talking about hot European cookbook history at , hahaha.
so does wine
By a great artist :) needs to be resized. I'll do that now :D RT : that is one fine look twitter avatar
so close to being done this monster-long fiction piece. Why does it have to be nearly 70 out? Must focus.
#Ravens reportedly take Kelechi Osemele from Iowa State at pick 60
'cause either way we both lyin' more than half of the time, except for when I’m home workin' on your graphic design.
*crip walks into ' mentions & waves* hhhhheeeeeyyyyyy :-)
HA!“: I thought a relationship was only made for two people, but obviously #SomePeopleDont know how to count.”
Chocolate and Strawberry cupcakes are baked. Now to icing and decorate early mañana.
with the fam, hoping my bro feels Betta soon!
Thanks to the leap year you have one extra day to redeem your 35¢ Garlic or Cinnamon Knot coupon! Hurry before it expires!
thank ya!!!! Post a video when you do! =)
Empire State is going great! It was suppost for we to be rehearseling but we are doing so great that we already started shooting it <3 Xoxo
Big weekend.Final Four Sat,but Sunday #WRESTELMAINA. My Pick= EX D-3 All-American O-line vs EX "D"line from the "U". Epic Battle
Such a great trip home!! :) now back to Texas
Just listen to the Pavement record. : )
Maddox on his way in from the bullpen, two outs, two men on for
Olive oil is your friend-helps to cut your risk of heart dis. Use it on salads or grilled vegs
Week end! Thank God its friday!!:)
Settin off my hubby's phone
check out the new mixtape from our artist K.P. While ur at it W.datpiff.com/profile/homicide112
lol im so pissed off at him I think he gave it to friend ... -___-
Shooting future soccer stars, proms and the stars today.
YWC : Many thanks for mentions & RTs!
No, I heard it wasn't really worth it.
Vampire diaries season finale....most insane thing i have ever seen in my life
Planned my trip to GB today. Cant wait for the season!!!!!
#asksuze my husband and I moved to Chicago for a job oppurtunity for him. Was it the right financial choice?
#whosgonnalose - New England at Buffalo - Buffalo will lose
Fabulous talk about poverty on #npr #onpoint with Tavis Smiley and Cornell West. A new book and discussion on living wage jobs for Americans
Great meeting with Source Local today. So excited for what they are doing! Next week a huge surge in CO products ! Come get it!
just my heartfelt thanks.
Thanks for coming! RT : Loved meeting you all!
Thinking of a day trip to Normandy while in France this summer,
Thank you !! shout out!
Thank you and be blessed in your walk as well!!!
New Jake and Kyle Show on www.wolfpackradio.com. Lots to talk about including and interview with Joey Shaw Forward for the Nevada bball team
Try "Road House" the movie!!!
I'm just gonna throw this out there...EROCK for President? Has a nice ring to it. EROCK
Number Game Tweet me numbers (:
I agree :( Let's change that soon?
Gettin my basketball fix right now, watching NBA TV!!!
#twitterpeopleIlove :) Love these people!
"I knew these girls real freaky I guess you could say she was a sex queen" Freaky Girls
GUYS. CLIPGRAB ISNT WORKING. doess anyone have swac clips/episodes. espically ones with chad and sonny. Please.
I've been listening to a lot of Black Sabbath lately!
Well here, we wouldn't be allowed to have volunteers staff it, but maybe in a bigger library? I would love to do it!
Brunch menu available from now till 3 pm, with 2-4-1 bloodies and mimosas! What a great way to kick off this beautiful weekend.
Boris Diaw has had 11+ rebs in both gms this yr. He only achieved that 3 times all of last season.
that's wassup!
Hey you guys make sure you follow the band members and ! #goodnite ! With <3 ER
slackers. You have practice wednesday?
Fuck up Wit all these pussy rookie Mc's ...Smell like a bunch of pussy to me!!!!
Beyond twitter and Facebook, what social media platforms lend themselves best to sports coverage?
it's past ur bedtime shay
gives great tours of the amazing Heurich Haus Museum, one of DC's hidden gems!
S/o to the bitch niggas that hated and doubted, You have no idea bitch nigha thank you.
"Extended learning" is too formal for kids - how about "follow-up time", and stress how important it is in all aspects of life.
RT : RT : is a great storyteller - truly adores the young people of
You know, this has been really good. If it only had a better venue, but it's good & the staff deserve credit
i change my mind now cuz i'm sucking
True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it be lost.
Am I crazy thinking that? how wild can you be? and that's not the first time.
RT Teen pregnancy & HIV/STDs awareness is a LGBTQ & Heterosexual issue. We must be ALL INCLUSIVE! Stop separating them
Hey I changed my name what do u guys think
Success - They can because they think they can.
honestly think it'd be a better fight between me and Mayweather...my plan for him...whip his ass #ThatIsAll lol
No.it was a creative commons recording posted to Woices, a website that let's people post audio recordings of where they are
He's too stupid to live. Send out my address. My AK-47 says you won't
David Cordish is developing the "Maryland Live!" casino at Arundel Mills; He's concerned the proposed PG County casino would take business
hey are you still interviewing tabatha minchew today? The site is not showing it anymore?
#romanreloaded leaked!!! #Jammin!!! Time to party it up!! #SOOGOOD!!!!
Im Up, Extra Bored Lol
All my friends talking about baby stuff still doesn't make me want a baby
Nothin like watchin a bulls game in a chicago bar
who do you have?!
I think I'm gonna grow my hair out to its natural color
:-) CBTL is coming to washington state; where? #QFC of course--don't be silly
Hate to see Chauncey go
D3's March Madness. D3 extends good luck wishes today to: M.P., E.M., C.S., E.L., E.Y., as well as C.L. and I.S.! Good luck to all D3 cands.
i love watching you play im a huge fan just wanted to say hello:)good luck this season im going to try and go see a game live!
i just followed him :) and i need more followers D:
hi peoples
Sure. Please remind me next week and I'll send it to you.
When friends offer to buy drinks at flannery's, you can't leave flannery's. I think that's a rule.
Pacers got a win wow..I think Miami was a little emotional that they didnt have Chris Bosh in battle with em tonight
Richmond, Va concert was crazy. Had a blast playing with some monsters for a Jazz Festival down there. Hope to do it again soon!!
first shoveling of 2012
dear im very proud to be a belieber, i luv yaa <3 follow me #neversaynever maybe #someday is today ?! <3
Everyone is getting pregnant like its a trend.
We like the way you think! RT: Sunbelt Granola Bars>>>>>
I can get you whatever you need... you looking for singles or package production?
Can you PLEASE address the electoral college? And get rid of it, so EVERY vote counts? Maybe more people will VOTE!
I really like that "Credit Wipeout" Free Credit Report . com commercial. They be jammin.
has a snow emergency been declared for tonight?
yes yes and yes! Can't wait to meet in person Rebecca!!
i love MWC<3 #MDubArmy for life<3 !wish me luck at my dance competition this Saturday?<3
I still jam to My Beautiful Dark Fantasy hard af.
My running group starts on the day it snows. I think there's a sign in there somewhere.
Hes going around giving speeches preparing kids for it and the system of how it works
do you have a link for that article?
You should quiz the rep on the terms and conditions. I bet they haven't even read it themselves. :)
Sitting with my bestie and enjoying Pinot Grigio thinking of how we can conquer the world artistically and immediately
Without me, how much less sparkly would SE Mich be? Seriously, would you not miss me ;)
MY MOM TOLD ME IF I WANT BELIEVE TICKETS I HAVE TO SELL MY TRAMPOLINE LOL OK
Need 2 fill a basket? We've got tons of beautiful purposeful playthings that will brighten UR day! Stop by & we'll help U pick a few goodies
Having the same birthday as Jim Morrison is the kick-assiest gift every year. I just wish I looked as good in head to toe reptile skin...
Your very welcome.. :)
definitely. How are things?
Brazil’s Maracanã Stadium Continues to Cut Seating for Locals | Keku Blog - new blog, PLS check out, like, and RT!
Good morning and Happy Friday tweeps. We must seek joy in our lives so we have some to spread to the world. Be blessed.
RT You should help get to 5400 followers. And listen to some Icelandic lullabies, too. They are both awesome.
Don't you think Uthoff should have spoken face-to-face w/ Ryan just once before airing a DAILY blow-by-blow with the media?
Raising over $100k in 10 weeks for #llsusa is remarkable! RT: #overwhelming but
WheN U SuspecT ThaT Sum1 IS NoT LookinG OuT FoR UR BesT InteresT; ChanceS R; TheY Ain'T..
A7 Keep vitamins on the counter next to my breakfast.
Please tell me you have seen the old man on pawn stars. They just bought a Shelby cobra and I swear to God it's Dad.
#Lovin this weather...wish I didn't have 2 work!!
Happy Thanksgiving!
For every new follower on FB, TW or Pinterest for Tomlinson's, they'll donate $2 to Animal Trustees of Austin. So follow them now!...
thanks for RT
The People Vs. George Lucas, just showed up in my instant queue! -A-
I love all you tweets! You're so sarcastic and halarious in the morning! Also, very good athlete!
I'm back from New England. Keri Lynne Pratt's wedding was amazing! I love New England in the fall. But now I'm back to the Hollywood hustle
Spent last night at the MGM Grand at Foxwoods! Holla!
- I'm a current FIOS TV customer. Have any double play bundles for FIOS internet and Directv? Not looking to add phone
sitting on my porch reading
ugh save me some...my family is having turkey
This should be a good conference call if anyone wants to join in at 4pm tomorrow.
Daughter making pancakes and only plan for today is watching football
New Photos:) Check em out and lets us know what you think?
Never regret anything that has happened in your life. It cannot be changed, undone, or forgotten so take it as a lesson learned and move on.
You're making me miss Virginia pretty hard right now. There are a shortage of porches in Paris :(
MEN: Eat fruit, on a daily basis, bc your girlfriend will really appreciate it, when she swallows & taste apples & oranges instead of salt
When receiving her key... "oh it's actually my key!!!!!!" and she danced!
lol I still call rhat a foyl, no bribing the interviewers! :-)
Allow no limitations to be defined on your behalf - image what you can become.
So awesome last night on when won said "nobody but Jesus, Nobody!". That was awesome and this man can sing!
"My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever." Psalm 73:26
This long primary has revealed, 1 by 1, the inherent weakness of each candidate. Santo, a good man, but undisciplined candidate":
#celticschat The C's have gotta keep the offence under control.
yo joe. I hear your name every once in a while between noa emily and mer.
Got my boots in the mail:D
Happy New Year to all of you. Make 2012 count, be true to your self and follow your dreams.
So can I be considered a native if I stick Irene out?
LeBron James missing as many free throws as he is chromosomes.
Bored. Ready for 730.
follow and please :D x78
A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his. Bobby Darin
What are the best #blackfriday deals you guys got at local Milwaukee businesses this weekend?!
Her smiles are as fake as your promises.
is the pick up a book a challenge...?
#hiring an experienced direct mail/digital print sales person in #Philadelphia PA
Some girls need to eat makeup so they can be pretty on the inside.
I think chutzpah remains the only proper word. Thanks for the reminder. My ancestors would be proud.
use protection kids.
COULDN'T AGREE MORE!
for a second I thought you meant he had rap battles with Zayn. I was enthused. Now I am unenthused.
Netflix with it
And thanks for the follow. Stalking -- er -- FOLLOWING you back...heh heh....um...AWKward...heh heh
Man i fuckn love me some
College of Arts and Sciences offers four new minors
good luck on that! Enjoy the day!
#IThankGod for everything! He is my #teacher, my #savior, my #firstLove, my #everything, my #father, my #rock, my #strength, my #foundation!
Yes! We still want empanadas at Union Station today!
#bizforum the world needs more Info Saras!!
was my first follower
Just got home from the worst an best night ever
Great morning!
A1: Perception is something serious... You can just perceive that I have a sense of entitlement.
Have a great day! Summer is coming to an end so let's make it a safe one.
at least you get me t nasty
I sleep more because I can control my dreams. Dreams right now, are better then my reality
time for me to stop being scared and to just go for what I want
Going back to the past, what does that solve? Nothing.
I can't stop missing my roommates though...
Austins new song. R.I.P ovaries
We've got a show TONIGHT! David Rogers & Bobbie Morrone will be playing at 7pm! 15% of artist's favorite drink! Bring friends!
I'm friendly. If someone was staring at me at a stoplight, I wouldn't say "Wtf you lookin' at" I'll say "Hi :)"
Gotcha. It's a must-have for a Mac, the next update will make the iPhone app the mail app killer tho.
#bitcheswhowontdateme Fat white women!
Report from the Boston front: premonitions of winter now becoming expressions of winter (in the form of large wet snowflakes).
The hypertext structures you build should be related to the story you're telling.
I felt dream about you that your #Incredible #Singer on Everyone loves you to watch. #LoveU ;)
'i want your face painted in my heart and i told the painter that it can't be erased'
Time out during the Little League game: snake crossing the 3rd base line, heading to the mound.
Soo angry right now
"the twist is much too strenuous to be as wicked as it looks" 1960s NBC response to the discovery of
I could literally stare my blog for hours, the moving water background it has is so relaxing.
see you said it yourself is a stud :p
I dunno:3 I like them both^o^
One working escalator at medical center. And it's not going up.
Why the FUCK havent they opened the big yellow slide to the public yet?
Oh no!! Whats the problem? I'd be happy to help if I can :)
Why do bus drivers always have to be so rude? Just because you didn't get an education and drive a bus doesn't mean you have to be bitter.
Do Not Disturb: #np 'Wake Up'
“: #teamdictator all day just push them down u get the girl I got the sister”
was good
Winter Storm and Blizzard Watches in effect for much of Upper Midwest and Great Lakes Region for Tues/Weds storm
Watching "The Beaver" starring Mel Gibson.
On my mama u cant get a piece of tissue tu wipe ya ass from me freaky ass bitch
Either way, the aggressor is the asshole who exited his vehicle. He's not an official authority. No one has to answer to him.
woot, woot! <3 marketing already RT Excited to welcome to - newest member of the awesome & growing team!
Businesses will want to cut budgets this year; however, advertising will shift it's budget toward social media, mobile, and SEO.
GOD MORNIN :-) HAVE A KILLER DAY :-)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRA you're a Cinco De Mayo baby - Shots & Dranks 2nite
You know you live in a college town when you see someone eating breakfast on the way to class and it happens to be pizza.
(hmm we need to get Fran on Twitter) We are all looking forward to your visit. Safe travels!
Lucy van Pelt describes Snoopy's brother Spike as "part beagle, part disaster" ... Lucy obviously never met Kosmo.
Doing a That's BS! office photoshoot.
You have them hanging up in your house or a studeo? Terrific works of art.
My phone is possessed tonight. If you get a phantom call I apologize. I promise it's not a pocket dial..i have no pockets
yess doo please and thank you much love <3 <U+2665> <U+2665>
This explains everything. RT : you *are* a fairy.
Thanks for the follow! Hope you're ready to save when you get to Tally
How about twins?
I dont walk... the world moves under my feet
Everyone so angry at work today... almost... free...
I love everyone who loves me period!...and then some, I wasn't raised to hate. Happy New Year Family
How was everyone's weekend? Let us know!
I like the Rueben Randle pick for the Giants. Gilbride loves 3 WR sets, 3rd wideout is like a starter for NY.
Wait. Do Jack Black and Fergie have matching outfits?
Too bad TRU TV doesn't have a Twitter acct. so I can personally ask 4 more episodes of Forensic Files and less of these damn reality shows!!
Sweet! If you/they ever need to refer to someone in Charlotte, NC... :) Looking forward to the tweets.
Goodbye cookies, M&Ms, Nutella, dark chocolate almonds, froyo, cupcakes and cakeballs. You've been so good to me.
Oh no. Hope u feel better soon.
Now im all stressed out. I'm already in debt over their last tour... How am I supposed to swing this one too?!
Agreed. It must be addressed at a system level and supported by administration. One or 2 people can't just decide this.
So much to do today, big things are afoot
Marty Golden is the oldest of 8 children born to Irish immigrants who settled in Bay Ridge. Marty & wife Colleen have 2 kids Michael & P.J.
may I have some? :)
Right after we smoked that joint the cops came shit was too scary..
Neptune and Ganymede are my two favorite planets tbqh.
Heyy that's me :)
Sippin on my tea, about to chug some Chia Seeds, then getting ready to go on a run with my
That was GREAT!!!
Sitting in a Park West art auction on a cruise ship. The guy is really working the audience. A true master of schmutz.
Amen to that sister
Great day for a walk! Can you believe it's nearly 50 degrees in Jan.?! Stop by to see us at Lake Bluff! 1300 N. Prospect
Good morning! I only have 4 days of school left! Ah! :]
....as part of settlement for healt-related lawsuits brought against tobacco companies. NC is one of those states, I believe
headed to Connections n Vegas. We don't want what happens in Vegas to stay in Vegas! Come check out
:/ my sister always does that.. & my brother...... He's just psycho. How olds your brother?
nice not yet where is it?
wake me up - ed sheeran
RT Digital Preservation people, I'm writing about emulation vs. migration strategies. Opinions?
Hey quick question, for the game on saturday are we allowed to bring a guest as long as they buy the $7 ticket as usual?
I vote changing it to 'Sloths & Cowboys' (:
#FoodieFriday live Facebook chat with is starting now! Come get all your health & nutrition questions answered!...
Wouldn't miss it! RT ": ": #SommChat with Doug Frost MS, MW --DOUG'S THE MAN!”
TOTW is now ARTS FEST - and biennial. Look that up in your Funk and Wagnells
I work out because I know I would die first in the Hunger Games.
RT “: Today has been a chilled day so far ^.^”
..!!-- SINFUL SATURDAYS..SEXY GOGO DANCERS..$2 DRINKS..SEE THE VIDEO--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I don't mind Justin, not at all. It's his psycho fans like you that make me irritated at him. I'm done now. Goodbye weirdo.
Thanks for the RT about my travel tip!
Study the menu before you go. Decide what you are going to eat before you ever step into that dangerous restaurant!
they fix and massage your feet im definitely getting one
Thomas wish Happy Birthday for me shes my bestie ...
LOL! Our jam. We need to send each other music after you're done with finals.
Not this time!! Not this time!!
Men with boobs. Very bad. Dude next to me has a solid C cup. Get in the gym, buddy-- yikes.
It's cheaper than the multiplex AND you get free refills. It's not an unreasonable price. Theaters make their money on food/drink.
that would be awesome, I'll bring it up to bosses and see what they think.
I can give up fast food no prob. If everyone grew what they ate, the ratio of veggies to meat would be better
Excited to be a part of Farm to Plate event tonight! Please stop by and say hello if you attend!
Karaoke with the in-laws. Just use your imagination. You will be wrong.
thank you for #Girls. retardedly brilliant. one of the best shows ive ever watched.
The smell of Rice Crispy cereal is in the air on Cuesta Arriba Ct.
Book explores importance of Berkeley painter David Park
...i just wanna watch
Thanks for the RT and look forward to your thoughts and feedback :)
Tried ordering cheesesteak at ginos on whole grain bread. Request did not go well.
331 followers!!! thanks guys hope i get to 400 hundred soon
unfollowed every account that wasn't a "verified account", if you want me to follow you back, go and follow please.
me! I go back to school tomorrow! Senior year! <3
RT : A report of child abuse is made every ten seconds
Agreed!!! RT : They would be perfect for Kitchen Play!
and michael you would fall and turn the white snow red as strawberries in the summertime~
Still 30 minutes of polling, time enough to get your friends + family to the polls! “: Did win yet? Can't. Wait.”
...what did you get me at the mall today? :)
a semicolon is when you just put a little bit on, like half a spray
we don't have many treats to share but does. We their treats. Just finished up our last bag and need more!!
Yahoo. We have a new team member that is making us stronger than ever.
In my feelings right now....one of the realist yet meanest thought just crossed my mine
Fabulous Design Tip: Cut a couple of tree or shrub branches and place them in a vase. Enjoy the simple beauty of the branches.
Fuck ya it does. :c
Thanks! What a hot day it was...
You too!
LOL! RT From Simon big surprise coming up with Rachel & I need to be more popular than so more tweets please!
Term-end evaluation: " I feel I learned a lot, but it all feels like one giant mess." Success!
haha. dude. we should have beers this summer.
was the night after you guys beat Indiana on butches banked 3! I think I'm still hungover from that night Gotta love Mondays
"If you have integrity, nothing else matters. If you don't have intergrity, nothing else matters."
“: my bdayis wed 4/4 want to be at 1k followers by then can I get a retweet for a golden domer # gotcha
JP Morgan's Jamie Dimon said on "Meet the Press" that the $2 billion trade loss wouldn't make a dent in the "fortress balance sheet."
Dunning - trending to internal resources - have tools and understanding to optimization through resource additions
Do good and do well. Rey Ramsey
right back to you... XoXo :)
intriguing or scary?? Haha
I'm coming next month <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
You've got that right.
"Nothing can bring you peace but yourself." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
that sad moment when the little crack in the corner of your phone spreads diagnally to another corner :\
Acting is living truthfully under imaginary circumstances
will be on the 4th floor of
It's abt even
i will... i will... thanks bro
you should call them Yahtzee!
no doubt bra bra
The sower may mistake and sow his peas crookedly; the peas make no mistake, but come up and show his line. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Pulling for the fellow Red Sox fan at - Is it the new Srixon ball?
Thinking about wearing full '08-'09 travel suit to all my final exams
#FF the Fake Family
I want to see photos of your 80s fabulousness. :-)
Time to hit the links
On top of all now school texted me that they r coming up with date for IEP, more intimidation :(
i miss laci..
THANK U <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
do you have a website?
i think it is totally wrong that a father sues his son...my gosh
Our pal has gone bionic. Consider yourself warned.
When riding an elevator with one other person, is it unrealistic to expect him/her to make eye contact with anything other than a phone?
Loving new #avatar: #legendofkorra - I so ship Mako and Korra.
any post-#cuj100 parties in DC I can crash? cc
welcome to twitter baby!
Heavy fog to start the day...a new confirmed case of the H1N1 virus in Columbus...and a massive fire out west...all in the headlines today.
Don't let good SEX confuse your heart and make you think your in LOVE
Only 10 minutes 'til trivia at Players better get their games tight.
Late for school. Oh joy.
Way to go #Lakers... End of a great day.
looks like Nick Young lol
Happy National Nurses Week! Thanks for your skill & kindness. "Nurses are angels in comfortable shoes." ~Unknown
Aww! I know, it's been ages - literally years! I'll be back in the fall, though, and we'll definitely have to plan something!
Green napkin dress.
LOL, ok. Man that's disappointing though. It's so depressing to think that it's still a mess.
I unplug my mouse to plug in my iPhone, then reach for the mouse to switch to iTunes.
it didnt go anywhere because my sister didnt sign any papers.shes so absent minded.i want him 2 stay out of fostercare
“: Bears acquire Marshall to most likely find some way to hinder his talent. It's what that team does. >Couldn't agree more!!
Congrats to on winning the #pgachamp this weekend. What a great finish!
Going in for OUTLAWS in the am...."a former white supremist, turned attorney for prisioners" Not a comedy i guess!
welcome to the #Rams by the way! Look forward to you shutting down some WRs next season
NEVER SAY NEVER! (: REMBER THAT!!
Old men saying I could be an actress lol
Q#41 Answer is...D!
#TextsThatLeadToSex "Let's go to the In Union concert!"
America: where Bristol Palin tells us how to live moral lives.
Particularly if your first name is Scarlett.
I think... Oh no. Wait... Maybe? Okay, yes. I'm definitely quite possibly wandering around the ghetto.
Setting my alarm for 6 am. That's painful. Night, twitter.
- much better than a late statement.
cant wait for #nbcthevoice i hope i see you on it<3 it would make my year!!!
is probably gunna start moving this weekend and needs all the help he can get, any volunteers! :-)
We are off to Event Solutions
“: Harry Potter fan: I wanna go to Hogwarts! Percy Jackson Fan: Let's go to Camp Half Blood. Hunger Games fan: I'm fine...”
We've reached 600 followers! Thanks for supporting the American Botanical Council!
you da best, boo bear!<3333333333333333333333333333333333333333 :)
Fuck It, I'm Young
Share your celeb picks on FB for a shot at $25 free driving! RT How 'bout a little Zipcarparazzi conversation? on.fb.me/xY4Ofo
No. I dont want to talk on the phone. Just leave me be
Could be a JavaScript code injection attack.
Looking forward to reading it! Do you have an idea about when it will be released?
Thank you!!! You are awesome!!!
that album goes hard
RT IF YOU LOVE
that's what I thought. Oh well!
also had a strong reaction to 's post today.
let the church say amen!! andre crouch!!! I love it
Everything from forever21 is perfect.
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Guys With Morals .
yeah she is, whatcha gone do?
go head
1000 strong will be at Blezz Melano Release Party!@ Mandees on Broadway hosted by
I speak the truth! But really, you guys coming down again soon?
We are hiring a freelance designer needed for a project starting in May/June. Client branding is clean, minimal, refined. Know anyone?
Awww :) Speaking of which, how is your family?
Happy Mothers Day :) <3
I could do this ALL night. Then we can do quotes. "I'm not a smart man, but I know what love is."
I bet no more than that shows up Saturday at Heinz Field!
cool. Glad it worked! prolly a couple days AT MOST 4 Alejandro. Please post songs! and check out Funny Call! u rule!
What does everyone have planned for the holidays?
12:30 close...done and done
a very big mcdonalds?
but this all comes from speculation, not bona fide knowledge
It is uncommon to discover a business partner who is selfless. In case you are fortunate it happens once in a life-time.
RT The first couple hours of a new diet feels so good until you forget about it and eat an entire birthday cake.
do you think you could ask tyler if he would like to be my date to prom? i would be honored! i love him so much, you know that!
whenever I kill a bug, I always leave the body where I killed it so the other bugs know whats comin if they ever try n' fux with me
I'm so done with everyone
haha have you done much in the holidays?: ) xx
Going to finish Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell!
is cooking me food.
Yeah Lol x)
roll call! Lmao my silly butt
bought a gift card, carried the bag out by hand, only to find NO gift card. Cust service said nothing they can do. Thanks !!!
Don't have time to become a prominent university professor? You can always call 888-VOTE-SMART and get a personal researcher.
Merry Easter Jeff!
Children in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause children
Wow! I used to like #Pacquiao—not anymore! Clearly, he is ignorant and homophobic! Now, I pity him!
I said I was interested in teaching yoga to veterans. Then I was invited to observe a veteran's support group. I heard stories I can't tell
LOL. Thanks but he already follows. :')
You definitely could!
Any specific toy camera brand you love?
Idk SF could take this one
Thank you so much! I love it! <3
Never Change!
Don't introduced me to no bitch!!
making calls to SCA/USATF masters teams
So today's been the most pointless day ever.
Silence....Deciding what to put on! RT : iPod is on shuffle...some rock, some folk, some 80s and 90s. How 'bout you?
Dear Luke Fickell Bausermann sucks and has cost u the game and ur dream job
did roc cute his hair for real
Thank you new skin, youre probably the only thing keeping my fingers from bleeding rt now lol. Tracking guitars all afternoon.
You got that shit that somebody would look for but won’t find
Uh-huh. It's my Privacy Sack (TM).
Yay, enjoy. Give me a call if you have any questions on those fancy setup moves.
we'll have to see how much my brain cells have been diluted by the end of session
Have you seen Yours!!!
this @ face value. If zimmerman were a few shades darker he would have BEEN arrested, on site. No questions.
#BlackParentQuotes "keep crying im gonna give you something to cry about!"
also i might buy owlcity new album
I look like shit. I don't care. I'm so tired!
lol, just a little, don't get too excited
I thought you were my type. Just turns out that you're a dumbass
Great meeting you! RT : great meeting you at #industrynight nice hearing what you had to say!
Angels hope y'all got those tickets ready ny/nj angels flopp your wings and RT excuse me I meant gone be at bbkings ...
I'd love to be involved with any of the Women in UX events at Midwest UX. Let me know if I can help out!
Payback's a bitch.... see u next week about an hour from now Giants
Did you find out about your exposer? It was pretty funny if I do say so myself :)
Oh your a "party promoter". Remind me to never take you serious.
has one too
Your most powerful testimony is how you treat others AFTER the church service is OVER.
2011 is almost ending, send this to 15 ppl you dont wanna lose in 2012, if you recieve this 7 times you are a dear person
Jaguar Land Rover to invest £200m in F-Type factory at Castle Bromwich
Football is #1 IMO no question RT : ...best sport on earth??? Uhhhhmmm....no.
Spiteful people <<<<<<
So happy. So thankful. So full of love.
There is no book that cannot be improved by turning a character into an octopus, if only for a few chapters.
PLUS! YOU GUYS WERE TRENDING WORLDWIDE!
": People with the highest expectations are the people with the most disappointment." Sad but true.
thank you!!
I can't finish book #TheHungerGames. After lifelong diet of Flaubert, Proust, Eliot, et. al., it's like reading a comic book.
WHAT not true
No question, our drivers have great legs! Thanks for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer, Laura!
All I wanna do right now is get in bed . I've been on my feet all freakin night .
On the top of my page, it says "You will automatically be upgraded to New Twitter very, very soon." Because of this, I am deleting this acc.
YOLNT... if you're a cat.
sad, "Wax On, Wax Off" has been replace with "Jacket On, Jacket Off"
Work is unreal today. It's a Thursday people slow the fuck down.
sick as a dog and lost my voice. Won't make it to this awesome event :(.
Wait, is Serena going to bang another one of Blair's boyfriends on the same bar tomorrow?
DC! Magical land of clean streets, strangers making eye contact, and no jaywalking!
well then ill take you out and eat , mcdonalds ? (:
Holy neck bow, Emma.
haha my seats suck too!! Way up there! Lol. I think section 3 row K :) Where are you sitting?
Erm hello you are invited to mine & 's #Narry party!! Woo
You're welcome! Me too! :)
haha reem don't encourage him please
congrats. 111 wpm is AMAZING. Most people don't even believe the iPad can handle touch events that fast!
Sir Charles has ALWAYS been clueless...what else is new? LOL
Thanks so much for the kind twitter love!
has decided to take 4 summer classes so I could graduate early!! I love to learn! :D
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now.
yes it would be <333 and I would love for you to join me on a cover so let's figure out some time to get together and practice!!
Be Encouraged! Pas
cliff notes?! more like an interpreter! LOL. Jackofall trades, master of none he sews purses & turns water 2 gold!
Stop by Seattle, please!
hey now =P
I love quinns! ended up at cactus this time though.
What's happening at RIT?
Watching 90210. Dylan just said, "Well mystical surf wizard, what does his majesty say about these massive sets of destruction?"
Terry just read a portion of STEALING ANGEL. Check back here tonite for a full tweet of the passage!
should have spent $250M on ANYTHING other than John Carter. #1/4BFail
umm of course we are you <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B2>
If you have room for only 1, I'd 2nd Scott. Not just because of his love for music but ICHC's community.
Is there a queen bee syndrome? Women acting like men in the workplace...on Today Show...now
im gonna read Catching Fire tomorrow..
head up, stay strong. Fake that smile, and move on.
I know right, I thought somebody had like broke in her crib & kidnapped her or some shit lol
- congrats, Bobby!!!
dang that sucks. ill have to check the library for it then.
Who's still up?
wrap party with at The Vault Tonite
We weren't even dating and you made me cry. Dick
I picked up The New Teen Titans Omnibus Volume II. Marv was writing up a storm and George was hitting his stride!
Ah they're so lame.
Excited for #THENACA this weekend in NC! Performing at the Sampler Showcase on Monday. I hope it's like a Denny's Sampler...
Face Down Azz Up thats the way we like to f**k LMAO
all good now. Thanks and keep up the good work.
This will be cool. MT Confirmed: We have grant support to put on a Charlotte seminar to prep for DNC. Stay tuned for details!
I'm very curious to see who goes home today! #BestOfLuck to all crews! (:
it annoys me that #bgt and #thevoiceuk are on at the same time :(
He pronounced Ianus with the Latin pronunciation!!
Owned a 3d tv for about 9 months n first time using 3d feature. This shit cool
#HappyBirthday to the sweetest, and most handsome twins in the world, and ! #ILOVEYOU GUYS TONS! <333
Whatchu know about banana puffs and On the Go applesauce, baby?
Itching yes, thanks :) Will propose
If you smeeeeeeeelllllllllalalallalaalooooowwwahhhh what the Rock is cookin!!!!
LOL! I won't allow you to use the word either!My MIL used it in my house and I shut her down! LOL *not* kidding haha
I wonder if watching play Text Twist is an example of the quick thinking and extensive vocab that makes him so good at what he does
i want some <U+E33B>
Let me know what kind of flavor you think you want and i will talk with the R&D department. #CIROCSORBET?
I know we both love an infographic!
hey friend. Hope your car is ok! I'm a stones throw from you at the barber shop around the corner. Gettin' my hurr did!
Good question. I asked the Education Department how much the TDRs cost yesterday ... no one got back to me.
Gr8 hang w/Rebirth & Trombone Shorty last night in the Crscnt City! No place like it in the world. Went to Mimi's, but no DJ Soulsista :-(
awesome! I'm at the salesforce HH right now. Keep me updated on what you're up to :)
Thanks! Can't wait to see it! RT : Rob, Larry, Michelle & Mark Ockerbloom of 2day, shooting PSA for
This is disgusting.
I <3 my guitar
Spent the weekend @ the imarketing workshop lead by author Raymond Aaron. Learned a bunch and had fun doing it:)
I clearly didn't get it. Jokes on me.
Show fri Sep 16th at Cobalt Cafe in LA Join us for our singers birthday Plus we get to play with our friends from back east
Who would have thought going on vacation would mean so much work?
thanks man! I appreciate it :)
Oddly enough it feels nice to be home.
RT -Great tweets from these guys and
In an effort to get drunk, some teens are now drinking hand sanitizer which leaves germophobe Moms in a very conflicted place.
Never come off your thrown to deal with peasants throwing tomatoes.-rev run
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst and consultant! His work is unparalleled!
yeah, easing into it.
morning Jane, lawnmower seems to be lasting so far
uh huh ok
I wanna lover :( lol
Follow me guys, I got some music I think you'll like
Isn't it great? All three bands are super solid. You should come through!
oops name change!
RT I'll ask polite if the devil needs a ride because the angel on my right ain't hanging out with me tonight ;D
Quiet, coffee, and on my iPad
My sister and I are going to watch BattleShip when I get out of school YAY!!!
yeah he wrote it along with someone else lol.. Trust every artist writes a song wif d help of someone else
lo siento m me tengo k ir!!
#whcd Who's ready for brunch! C'mon over!
History was made tonight, But did you really think that Baylor was gonna lose.
Looks like my #1 item on my wish list for Stubhub is finally here! Selling tickets right from iOS! But still no iPad version :/
and still got two more classes today
RT: I wish he would do moves like Jagger off a fucking cliff.
": Jumping in random people's graduation pictures...#YOLO"
The water was pushing the door up I couldnt hold it as strong as I am I reached to what felt like the roof Balled my fist up started to bam.
Some really hardcore drinks there.
What is your favorite name for a pet?
<U+2764> u so much
I think the guy should catch both! :)
Hey you got lunch plans girl? Wanna hit up Buffalo Wild Wings and get to munchin' on some boneless wings?
This class is a complete waste of my time.
Thank you, Brother.
Sounds like a great day! What kind of car? We're looking right now, too! Have fun at the game!
I miss
I'm doing pretty well! Moving into a new apartment in a couple weeks... Stoked for that! Haha :)
Fossil hunter Susan Hendrickson discovers skeleton of largest T-Rex ever--dubbed "Sue"--today in 1990 in South Dakota.
Back in the OK!? Come hang in OKC with the tops :)
I love how Jacob is the only one to call Jackson "Danny" - it's hilarious.
W00t! Video games, video games, video games, games, games! >3<
that might be a good comparison.
Im not an asshole... I just dont give a fuck
I remember....dang you still playing, your blessed brotha. Keep balling!!!!!
The writing is going well. 6 short stories selected for pub in 2011. Looking forward to an even better 2012. How about you?
so #Pittsburgh... do we rot for #Tebow today? or continue hating the
M :) my blankets smell so good
hahaha no! Its an app (:
Patiently waiting...
good game Team East ya'll played great
Major changes coming - stay tuned.
Sunny days wouldn't be special if it wasn't for rain...
“: Never been there either! Cool place for a manger meeting...I'm in the wrong business!”. Haha, Love my job!
Working out details for show at UConn in March or April. See all you Huskies in the spring!
i hear u on that. one day at time then all should fall into place for everyone. i hope. :) what day in aug.?
FLYING TO PANAMA
they have the main items. I thought it was cute.
You have GOT TO BE KIDDING ME.
Bad combination I feel like shit :/ #not decent
Didn't go to school today
drake can get in my pants.
Happy Styling!
Stop in to receive 30% off all Sale items! Going on Now!
Oh and I missed two finals because my marta pass is in there
Tried to get tickets to Avatar for tomorrow & it's sold out. Almost 2 months after release! Crazy. Going on Monday now.
Looking forward to all the new people~ Perfect. You're added to a wonderful, wonderful group of adored and admired friends.
Never watched an overtime THIS intense.
#whosgonnalose - Ohio U v Marshall - Marshall will lose
You're right. Make them earn it. You're the greatest voice of reason.
congrats on yor success. Good luck building on it in 2010
Looks to be another day of "he's sweet jack, sweet jack.com" jingle in my head.
That diaper ad with the cartoon babies having a diaper blowout competition. Nope.
11.1.11 AMBITION DAY & AIMING FOR THE LIKES OF REASONABLE DOUBT IS AMBITION AT IT'S BEST SHIT... IM FIST IN LINE!
I thought Alex was Ukrainian, but now she's Russian...?
I just want someone to cuddle and watch movies with. #TooMuchToAsk?
ok, tweet run about over. Is there anything better than sitting with family? No explanations, no performances, no masks. We are real.
Thanks to a supervisor from Hawaii, who helped me out when none of the other employees would. Almost wrote off #United altogether.
You have until 8 am to call and donate to Bikes for Kids! Call 485-3797 to make a donation over the phone. ANYTHING helps!
I half expected Zakk Wylde to walk out on stage after that Trivium song and shout "DOUCHE!"
Felting...just learning. Wish me luck!
#Cubs manager Dale Sveum hinted at a possible closer change after Carlos Marmol's meltdown
so cuute i want a dog =( Which I will get once I live alone. HAHAHA =x
is here at AT&T/Howard event to ask you questions- where you at?!
dude i suck
please no "RBT" for north line....RAIL ONLY.....in time. Not urs.
LADIES follow and get you something to wear for the summer
yes and i might get home school lmao
Titty boi got me on MERCY...Guess he earned that...2 Chainz it is!!! Lol
Happy 1 year blog anniversary & !! You're doing a great job!
"She knocked out three guys and elbowed an usher to catch that ball" -guy sitting in front of us after caught the foul ball lol
great idea
Ugh soo much paper work but I'm at the hospital with my best friend because mom is here! Hope she gets better! xoxo
Whether or not you think you can or you cant. Either way, you are right!
Congrats to you and Angela!
oh i know! crazy corporate lingo. we should be proactive and change the paradigm :)
Tomrorow is Gang Green vs Dirty Birds, 1p, Unthank Park. epic
Haters gonna hate, #mahomies gonna love <U+2665>
let's chat!! Back corner in red plaid
for whiz?
Thanks! We're open starting next Weds, 3/21. Stop by and say hi anytime! (Well, evenings and weekends). :)
go kings!
very cool!
fever + chills means blankie on the couch.
haha! I do! Just a lot going on...good stuff, but busy!
looking for a longer swing type trade take a look at YGE there is gaps to be filled candle suggest change in trend open green today
No person is safe from temptation except the one who flees from it
That could be most definitely true...
Out - lost two coinflips to the same spewy player. Happy with my play, but not with the result. Sorry investors, tried me best
the band or actual cake?
will you be submitting it? www.ourcityfilmfestival.com
My stupid dimples!!!
Groupon moments away from being traded as public stock. KOIN Local 6 News
Tonight for the Black Sands Album release. Gonna Rock!
who u workin for now?
Bahahaha. This is too much fun.
Those laws only apply to people being forced into such conditions. In Hollywood people purposely sell their freedom for cash!
On Earth?! There is no _uglier_ website? Come on… I am the first to criticize, you know this, but that's a bit much.
I don't care how good you are! I honestly don't!
BTW, still looking for Tailors in Hong Kong. Anybody have any recommendations?
Guns dont kill people... People kill pe -GUNS!!
#RIPMCA you were the real deal 100% and the world will miss you!
All the good guys like the hoes. *sigh
I want i want i want but thats crazy. <U+2665>
Loved meeting you too and thanks to for the intro!
Milwaukee friends & YPs, join me for networking & fun at 's Purely Social event tomorrow, 6-9pm (411 E. Mason St)
don't think i dont know what u left in my car door. game on sister
you know the creator of spongebob was gay right?
The only kind of Blizzards I like have crushed Oreo's in them...
In the studio working with AC. Her new mixtape is in the making. Hot shit, hands down.
No worries, Bailey. Everything is looking good on our end. These are stressful times but take a deep breath and let's
you're AMAZING!
Lax, lax, soccer, soccer...dinner with a luvly btle of Dom Serene Pinot. Soccer, soccer, lax, soccer champ game - win! W/E sports done! ah
We've been working so hard at our jobs, selling our home, new home search & move. Today feels like the first little break in a long time.
#MittRomneyFilms -Lie Hard- this has to have been used.
I just cancelled my TiVo service - it felt like breaking up with a long-time girlfriend or something!
im find hit u on dm
haha what up man
#BestTimeToSmokeWeed on a cool saturday nite
That's understandable. And I'm not going to lie, I'm pretty nervous. Go Pack Go!!
Let's see it! Everybody is hurtin for new work. “: 41 pages edited / reworked tonight. Almost ready to share my non-musical drama.”
Awesome!! Enjoy!!! Take lots of pix!!
Don't you ever for a second get to thinking, you're irreplaceable!
I have been rolling with pimps since I was in diapers (:. I know ! Like I miss mama gabbys' brownies .
no napoleon dynamite Is amazing
Morning Rockstars! > It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy. - Seneca
haha yeah I'm done. Had a real good day yesterday...spurs best in epl?
#TebowGotTradedFor a kool aid singles packet
Coaches life speaches are the best
slept so god
hardly severe! not like you in twister alley!!
Good Morning All! Any creative plans today?
Welcome to the AFC East, Tim Tebow.
Nd the #og just as #strong as can be LET'S TAKE A TRIP OUTTA TOWN!
#welcometojamaica Where we say head-top, foot-bottom, and neck-back. I love my people!!! My Jamaican massive need to #follow me.
what's your wed specials and any crazy #CraftBeer taps
I <3 dubstep. Dubstep is the best band in the world.
4 more days till I'm swimmin in V.I. Waters
It may just be sleep deprived craziness at this point though.
Elsevier takes another hit with the very public resignation of an associate editor of its journal Genomics.
Harry Potter at 8am. This is the best vacation ever.
Funniest part was that the teacher didnt find out till after the class was over lol i swear almost died of laughter!! member!?
FRIDAY NIGHTS BELONG TO
thank you so much for following me! I love all of your tweets :) love you!
Thanks for RTs, follows & mentions!!
Aw well im sorry pussy(: RT : lol, that was unnecessary and rude :(
Finally done with that stupid paper
I'm following you on the advice of my man He assured me you'd follow back. Dont disappoint !
Also, will give spooky books to deserving urchins, but do you have any other suggestions for matching books with those in need?
Photo 71...is there a communist Russian sect living down there??
Don't know why anyone would not want an iPhone
you are welcome
I'm glad you're finally havin fun...but I'm too hung over.lol
Hi the film premieres in June. We will make it available for screenings to groups. Thanks!
Scouting for a commercial shoot! Anyone have any leads for a backyard deck in the #Milwaukee, #WestAllis, or #SouthMilwaukee areas?
My kind of place. I am always cold. What was it like 40 to 35 degrees.
n what's that lol
let me know if we have to reschedule tomorrow's lunch due to snow. Not sure if it will be bad or if it is just hype.
LoL. Harry Potter, right?
Oh my god DC had an earthquake! I'm fine though but that was just scary and totally unexpected
totally decked a bitch in the face tonight
RIP Junior Seau. Jesus.
if Purdue is this good, the Big 10 is really good.
I heard you actually programmed and led art direction on the whole thing, but refused to have your name in the credits.
too soon to swoon. Oh who am I kidding? :::swoon:::
true..which means he wasn't pose to see the ball at all on that possession lol
Use your smile to change the world Dont let the world change your smile(:
My son says his favorite dinosaur is the Team Rex.
is on my freaking radio right now.
I don't know what #Girardi's going to do in the 9th. But, he's used 4 #Yankees pitchers to get 8 outs in #relief tonight.
Is emerging structure more complex? ML Kennedy thinks not, also points out libraries have new direct line to university president.
You need to find a niche where you can excel
que son los "all inclusive"?
Only one way to find out. ;-)
Lumina's attainment goals are bold, but are they realistic? Setting goals is the easy part (see Goals 2000 & NCLB)
Already am. Netflixed thu Season 1 in, oh, a week.
That isn't funny! ;-)
how about that Pierre Paul. #getthename right
Friday nights weak when it's cold
Don't wanna give in so we both gave up ~
We weren't talking about singing, we were talking about talking. Why bother, right? We have twitter. haha
no problem! ;D
bulls fallen out
Stop! I wanna go home, take off this uniform, and leave the show.
What about research network analysis?
Investing 8 billion in community colleges!
so cool! Genius marketing
Real and permanent good.
Fickell is the most qualified candidate for the PSU job. Once we send him to the Citgo they should hire him
Sorry for all of negative tweets. Happy new year.
"the VA said I couldn't go to therapy because I was too dangerous, but how does that make sense? - josh
I love you bella you inspire me so much! Can you follow back its on my new years resolution for you or justin bieber to follow!
Is it the end of the road for Bachmann? Political expert opinion tonight FOX 9 @ 9pm.
WAIT, it's almost 4pm!? How did that happen?
- Oceanport, NJ! Show us your love today :)
Will do my best. The NY shows are not TOO far from Boston.
Empower yourself.
A great burger challenge can be found OnFarwell and North.
Is this Peanut you refer to?
Productcamp Mobile Strategies presentation is at 2p
Damn, some classes already ending for me this week. Definitely gotta savor the next few sems, shit is going by too quick...
paki-check po yung twitter name. Its not bruno its bruro see the difference bitch!! Know ur #FACTS!
To fully appreciate what you have, you must know what life would be like without it
Tech bubble pop - I think what he's really talking about is cycle, every industry has cycles, why would tech be different?
The Most under used,under rated guy in the Wwe,Face turn,team up with Sheamus..great tag team
setting up some campaigns on Google #Adwords. If you need help getting your business name out there to customers this is a good idea
#CIO, know someone, perhaps you, with new job, promo or retired? Pls let me know for my Movers&Shakers blog on DM me here, tx
Ive searched everywhere, yet I can not find a single fuck to give
thanks, girl! xo have a great weekend :)
“: If You Refuse To Follow My First Instruction...I Will Not Burden You With A Second. #drMM #fb”
Don't forget about our Broker class coming up next week! Starting Oct. 4 M-F 1-4pm go to www.tuckerschool.com to sign up!
let's network
Tomorrow is April. No it's gonna be June. -_-
": RT : I'm voting for for Gen Prez!"~And you know I appreciate you good brother! How have you been?
putting the beats on TONIGHT!
Grammy's polling best performance evah..your mom at the top at 89.9 surpassing EVERYONE!!....TEAM WHITNEY!!!!!
Happy Easter everybody from Niquenique to you!!!<3
. It's crazy talk. I'm *already* paying for the bandwidth to my house -- I don't want to pay for it twice. Absurd!
she's getting her hair done for prom so she can't be older than 18. Lol #commonsense. I wish I was 18 again damn
Be who you are not who society wants you to be -A LMAO
THERE YOU GO!!! POINTS IN THE PAINT
The weather is finally getting better , (:
MONDAY NIGHTS RULE AT KBEACH! good music, tune in & psych out
Wish I didn't have plans to be at the Spring ILP 2nd weekend, otherwise I'd be at the Urban Bush Woman's Harlem Jazz Brunch.
hahaha I love it! And the music video(:
If my future husband ever makes me move to the Midwest, I'm giving him a Glitz Pageant baby. So there.
You're there again?
I am back to promote! How are all the lovely Nextdoor Fans doing today?
hey ok i just want to ask wat you do is real like real ghost
My friend made me go see Michael Jackson movie tonight. It was ok. He seemed ok/energetic. It would have been a heck of a show for sure.
ok cool, just shoot me the when & where
Work then heading to Detroit Rock City for some family fun
Lol. Aw. (: That makes me feel special. (: & Don't worry you still have time to grow. :D
Welcome to Twitter! Lookin forward to your tweets.
What are you grateful for?
I love it! You are do much fun to shoot. Thanks for letting me get you for Urban Weeds!
Eve of the new Premiership season = Match of the Day song stuck on my head. Even on the other side of the Pond....
follow me PLEASE
Give me the chance to love you, I'll tell you the only reason why..Cauz you are on my mind <U+2661><U+0328><U+0310>
Now you're official ;)
Next Wednesday. I'll let you know for sure. “: Where is the column?”
Oh :( That's 3 hours from Austin.
how fast do you type on your iPad?
Axxess Tickets On Sale This Saturday!
thought leaving cell on loud at work was annoying until the ringtone changed to a recording of their dog barking
that's weird dude. They probably won't accept your travelers' checks either.
#twitter > #facebook because no one cares if you post every two minutes. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Everyone always talks about being shocked it's neon green is all. It's kind of a right of passage now. :)
We gave you a shout out on our latest podcast recording. Will be up soon!
Q4: How do you think the blowback from the industry will affect next year's decision, if at all?
#Olympics fans follow our client Medalist (Elana Meyers) - Bobsled
Ok finally got into Pablo Honey.....only took 18 years
DC: And when you elect me mayor, I promise to place industrial sized space heaters all over town. No more freezing!
Sounds good. Thanks<U+263A>
and your productivity is the reason I intrest
A cool thing about ripping old CDs to the computer...rediscovering music that I haven't listened to in a long time
Breaking News : All 7-11s in the Denver Metro area, are completely sold out of Slurpees & BBQ chips... Please go away stoners :)
is there a board mtg tonight?
Happy Thanksgiving to Everyone!!! Love & Blessings to all <3
RT Please tbs tnt and who ever else, stop showing these annoying Conan commercials. We get it.I agree 100%
Ricky Gervais as GG host, not finding him funny, just mean spirited but doing so with a smile on his face
When old friends say they miss you c': >>>>
The secret to happiness is this: Treat others as you would like to be treated. ~Linda Picone
I fell asleep in my oversized chair again.
super pumped just got here after traveling 5 hrs!
What is going to be the biggest challenge for you personally this season?
If you go after someone just because she's beautiful but don't have anything to talk about, it's going to get boring fast
I wanted to try a new yogurt, but there was an obese woman in a Rascal blocking the display. It seems we're two ships passing in the night.
Done my friend. Keep up the good work.
Ryann jus solved every single one of my problems tonight #props he is good for something you guys <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
“The secret to getting ahead is getting started.” <U+2015> Mark Twain
Congrats to Company for creating Pike's Golden Anniversary IPA - the Official Beer of the Space Needle's 50th Anniversary!
Splurge Gang is copyrighted & trademarked we need you to stop publishing music with our name or our lawyer will be contacting U
Thank you for the RT!
its pretty exciting!
If you're the horse than yes ;) haha
greyhound! grapefruit meringue w/a vodka crust!
You say I'm not your type, what? A strong, independent, beautiful woman is not your type? WELL THEN FCCK YOU!
I've done so much it would surprise a lot of people.
“: HAPPY BDAY WHOADIE!!”Thanks Come To Peanuts Tonight!!!
Why is he so hyper? Lol. He has me weak.
Hi Anything! :p
Pretty unfair that Dubinsky gets a game misconduct when Boyle wasn't fighting at all. Bad break for
that was the yummiest chocolate peanut butter cupcake ever! Thanks!
See? It's kismet.
Just finished visiting with Thanks for having us! We look forward to hearing from you soon.
Is Atlanta really up by 30 points.. LOLOLOLOL.. Like I said before.. EASY...
It's 3 already?? Feels like 2
#weddingplanwednesday #thriftythursday #stvincentssaturday (bonus points for appropriate saints' days)
Check out MyHouse Friday!
Turf Toe was an evil invention by someone to ruin a persons foot for life...
I think Santorum's shininess makes him look a bit sickly. Although all of them look a little pasty
I love you forever!<3
congrats ! You've won the $100 gift certificate to Ann Taylor/Loft
truly a fine line, but overall point was to be informed and give customers as much as *they want* about coffee.
"I was raised by then stop signed , no religion I was getting saved by then stop sign"
Yes, i put new music in my ipods ^__^
Teaching to a full house! Digital Marketing Strategies class
I wanna go to disney world :(
ok, good to know. Would you be up for a brainstorming conversation?
oh derder i feel dumb n LP<3
Dude ass aint never just fall off a house though!!! Lmfao
And if you've tweeted me & I've never responded in a single way, slap me across the face.
Solidarity in writer's block. We'll push through. RT : I cannot write to save my life write now. Please kick me or something.
I really don't wan't to hear the Knitting Club talking about their g spots while I am trying to do homework -_-
Gravitas up on stage and pouring on the hard rock pudding at Church.
So do the stars that represent your rep on XBL actually change? My rep is really low (Mostly from rage quitting) and it is still 5 stars.
Happy Easter!
Second half play is underway here at Magness Arena
I think I win by refusing to give in to fear.
your pretty
At City House in Nashville...amazing.
thanks mama. Kristen is here so that should help me decompress after the boys are dwn
Love that Americans say check not cheque lol
That looks serious!
GOOD MORNING TO ALL MY FOLLOWS .HAVE A BLESS DAY !
Life stops when you no longer have solutions- InSpotter mobile app
Man, I'm loving Fringe. And this new iPad 3 is pretty nice too.
RT: New post, "Clearwire Enters the Gateway to the West Bringing CLEAR 4G to St. Louis – MarketWatch (press release)" -...
Not years when kane attack you
Darling your heads not right.
A Relationship Where Yall Both Are Scared To Lose Each Other >>>
#20ThingsIlove my phone & radio.
I have been sitting here for two hours preparing to study. Haven't even opened my book yet...
little sister.
You know its true!
Couldnt find a sitter for #BumpItUp event at #Equinox tomorrow night? Well, they now have #FREE childcare! No excuses now!
Goin on air soon..WOAD, Jackson MS
Storns roar through region, triggering tornado sirens and delivering rain, hail - Worthington Daily Globe
Wipe off DVDs after you borrow them
you should come to Laredo t.x
Your a bottom, you don't get to eat corn
Okay so I done slick fell asleep, n my right butt cheek is too...but I'm finna turn up now!
im proud of u too!
car still broken, software always broken, bills getting me broke, again
“: btw going ATVing at the end of the month. I wanna go back to LV and do it there sometime.” always
Forgot to mention my nigga BJ Gully Dev all the old ass niggas
:) so you left me alone to be scared? Thanks..I feel the love
In one of the stranger episodes of contemporary art LA, witnessed Hung's Thomas Jane read Paul Thek at the Hammer. &It was amazing!
I got Bronchitis!! Ain't nobody got time for that!!
Reading now!
those who want to come get some. u think id use fists? anyone come on my property as a threat gets a 357 hot load
Yes, your profile photo.
Meeting w/ Casting Director in Chicago tomorrow to read for a supporting role for feature film starring Dennis Quaid & Zack Efron.
#XFactor is rigged there is no way Rachel Crow got less votes than a guy who was on the bottom 3 times. He needs the show more than Rachel.
Exhausted. It's only 10:30
ok I'm back! Did you have a drink with me? Lol
NO WAY! So is Justin McShea (well, he got a MLS) and John Carey (did you know him?)
I love when people promise you something, &you believe it. Even though you know its a lie.
On my way to see blow it out da park
The Self is the source of love. People who live their own love stories have learned this lesson above all.
dang! You should be in your third dream already!
“: “: It would be pretty awesome to be a Wal-Mart greeter when I grow up.” #Caleb” AAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Psst! Want a backstage peek at a Reman U issue from idea to inbox? It even includes some exciting &
A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world. - Albert Camus
Thanks RT : oh my that's hot
Happy Earth Day! In honor, I planted my garden yesterday!
I need some rest today
Probs couldn't hear the alarm hearing aid #dead ...?
So sad to learn of the death of Jeffrey #Zaslow. Big loss in the literary world.
Thanks to everyone who became a Facebook fan so quickly!
RT “: oomf breathe smells........ I hate that shit to the fullest” Point Em Out!
PickUpLine: Does God know you've escaped from Heaven? Come with me to my place. You can stay there until he calls looking for you.
Me too RT : I want a person who comes into my life by accident, and stays on purpose.
ah gotcha how long u been out there
Aye Katherine said we can go see my brotha when we get down there.
congrats! hope you've finally recovered from #vegas... DM me your address & I'll send you that lip gloss. Xo
Hubby just told me that Junior Seau went to his middle school. R.I.P.
April's live radio show starts in a few hours, get on down here!
I hate when I take my sleeping medicine, I sleep all the next day away..
Wore a fishing shirt for the first time tonight. Needless to say, it was monumental. thx
i love youu ;)
heyy ! :) havent talked to u in like for ever ! :)
So we filmed dumbass yesterday... Im hella sore...
you are the definition of sexy ;)
We support #Baltimore's new advocacy group! Join us for happy hour at Liam Flynn's Ale House 22 W. North Avenue Fri 4/20
Playing Bush League All-Stars right now on
blasted Internet.
Idk why I even subscribe to stuff like this...I guess to keep the dream alive lol
Leadership is not a reward. It is earned through action and progressive thinking.
RT : Tonight is Pay-What-You-Can for IVANOV! Catch the 7pm show for a $10 minimum donation! At door sales only.
yeah Told me and they where texting me how cool you are and I'm doing good how about you
"Do less - do it better." -- people have probably been saying that since the beginning of time. It's still true.
Yeah I've been feeling better today.
In India, meeting with leaders on economic development projects.
Thanks! That's sweet!
wow ... That's just beautiful.
Happy birthday to one of the greatest people I've ever met, !
The owner of a small firm that cannot attaining operating capital to to run their company could use AR factoring
I like all the events leading up to the Derby. I also like the buzz around the city.
Just saw The L.A. Complex..its a good show.
You just started following me? Wow...I am so honored...
#AdventureTime Finn: I'm not gonna spank you hams! Man: What?!
We've sold out of White Truffles. More due Wednesday afternoon if you want to sign stock.
Go with 11 always a solid number
Everyone else in the room can see it. Everyone else but you.
lol. Girl I walked in slow bcuz my neck was hurting.
Are you getting a motorcycle or do you already have one?
- DIW's Kwanzaa Preview w/ JC Hayward - now - check it out
Excited to hand the cut over to our scorist. 11 days, 1 test screening, and a run-through with the crew until we finish the composer's cut.
"The poems linger on scenes of profound violence and inhumanity, reporting heavy truths of war, massacre, and disaster."...
only people who never get text feel like that
Fuck it, more power to 'em. Just makes me laugh, really. An ironic, slightly crazy laugh, one I'm sure *you* understand...
boy flex (Mad Cobra voice)
#itsawesomewhen our clients call us to tell us how much they LOVE how their most recent #print job turned out!
Very tough task but if anyone deserves a tweet from it is you
I wouldn't be a man if I didn't feel like this .
What sort of stupid shoes are you wearing stupid. - Honey Badger
At the meadows mall(:
He really made my night with that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
My dream is a #jobinsports! RT Students who want to work in sports...chance to interact with numerous professionals in sport
got to be one there we can serve at when we fire up "east"
lol sounds pretty good to me
At Children's Mercy with Addy. Allergic reaction to something yet unknown. All good but scary there for a bit!
Go out to broomstock today to support our bros and some of us will be there!
love it here! Everyone is so friendly and it's so green!
Go Broncos !
yep how are you my dude? Hope Japan treating you well
Day 2 Summer Meetings taking place currently, talking about trainers, insurance, and organizational charts
finally get to lay down ..
Just got to Milwaukee and realized I left my keys in South Bend.
Gig alert: We're headlining at Tiffany's Lounge in St Paul on Saturday @ 10PM. Should be a great night - fake blood included!!!
Congrats to Carlos Condit on his win! Way to rep for New Mexico!!
It's overpriced. It'll drop further...
We're pleased to say that Abby Smith Rumsey and Amanda Booher have agreed to participate in the second TILTS symposium, March 10-12!
ah. Well they get to pick the image, right?
Doing stuff is overrated. Look at Hitler. He did a lot but wouldn't have been better if he stayed home & got stoned?
Personal prefrence. Just don't want to be like the masses...
Good #workout ! Your making GREAT progress!
Happy Birthday Yogi Berra!!
New bedtime ritual by the eldest EL: must know score before we sleep. It's much easier for elmomma if we are winning at bedtime!
DAMN IT, REDSOX. You are breaking our hearts.
Well that is crap. Get Eric Guerra to have a fundraiser for your pool. He's good at that!
you know, Johannes, I never actually got a DM the other day, just an email saying I had a DM. I think Beware of those emails
wow, thank you! We love your station! :-)
What is the most powerful lesson or inspiration you learned during 's #CompCloud keynote? How will you incent better?
Harassment hitting me from all directions.
thanks for following up back!! check out our music when you get a chance!
I'm dealing with a crazy love triangle thing and I'm stuck in the middle. An I never did shit. Fuck this DRAMA Shit!
yeah it was mind blowing! Also, there's a Chipotle 10 min walking distance from our apt :-)
Fuck that new bell we got, nxt time the bell all i wanna hear is "fuck the other side other side aint shit!" we need iceberg @ this school
plase come to mexico
Facebook’s Facial Recognition Adds Tags Automatically eweekeurope.co.uk/news/facial-re… via
A tropical storm is VERY unfashionable...No? postponed due 2 hideous weather, will resume next Sunday
Baltimore and New York. Favorite cities cuz of my two favorite shows.
Replace your Furnace and/or AC and save w/ lower energy bils and take advantage of the $1500 tax credit!
Thanks. No much about SEO?
My mom needs to burn that new Abercrombie shirt she bought me.
be my friend on facebook! Just search Crisston Lee Crass. I am the one with the same default as this one
Good luck making the team next year lawson your garbage
can u shout me out who ever follow me ill follow bac
“: Not Familiar w/Fairview Park? New rec, lots of parks, close 2 shopping, Lake Erie & major highways. 20 mins->downtown.”
Did you walk/bike to school as a kid? Could your kids? 10% of kids walk to school now; not so long ago, it was 80%. Think it matters?
Sarcasm ? ;) lol jk. Sounds good though.
How DARE you address me directly!!!
Chyeah you did!!
All the LMTF lyrics, they're just making my day.
time eventually runs out. if you have something good, hold on to it because fate can only determine how long you can have it for.
lol good night
hey new music from
I miss my old sis. I want my old sis back. This one is mean :(
Got home from a long 5 hr drive from WI. Now watching videos all night!!
It's a flashback within a flashback
oh....you poor thing! My cousin had migraines and seeing her was a lottta pain , so I understand what you're going through....
So and I couldn't make it but I know is fittin' to kill stage w/
ANOTHER WAY 2 END SLAVERY IS TO CHANGE THE PENAL SYSTEM, PRIVATIZED PRISONS R THE NEW FORM OF SLAVERY & PIMPING.
tell your brother I said hi .
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you can't read your own handwriting xD
Tina Turner bought Ike a BMW?
No problem! The orientation will be almost all day, the white coat ceremony is the last part, at 5 or 6 p.m. that day.
May i follow you?? Your tweets look good enough to read!! :)
Im so bored
I will after what just happened!
There's nothing I hate more than backseat/passanger drivers.
:-) RT : When was the last time you experienced sound effects in a slide presentation? I can count about 10 so far today.
I'm listing all world-wide green/recycle art events on www.artisansgonegreen.com. Send me info you have about events you know about. Thanks!
Hey Get a life ho... Wanna hang out soon???
We're busy putting together our Thursday night sand volleyball team. Look out, world. We're real good. That's right... ...
What do you get if a huge hairy monster steps on Batman and Robin ?Flatman and Ribbon !
Listening to Neil Young - On the Beach today
Why is it when you go into a bar and try to read everyone wants to talk with you.
Nothing feels better to walk in my room and find a stack of clean boxers <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
De que?
Season 6 of scrubs: greatest ever. (yes it's my mmthird time thorough but whatevs! I'm Indian! I was gonna be a surgeon at one point!)
I like that ppl find me easy to talk to
psyched for 2 nights in DC! RT : Mylo Xyloto world tour kicks off today. Make it loud #Edmonton! PH
damn...i had this twitter for like a year and still don't know how to add a pic.. I feel so fuckin' smart... smfh.... -FAIL-
Well done, You deserve a standing ovation from my tallest finger.
Moving derek into his house right now :| imma miss my favorite brother :(
Like, idk, clubs like ours should be in this together against the Citys of the world.
Missy: I Never Get Mad At Anyone But My Boyfriend. Jasmine: Youu Get Mad All The Tiimmee. Me: Youu Kickedd Me Outt Of Your House!! -___-
I missed you to
Getting my hair did. Always scary to do a new color....ah
so 7 1/2 hous of training. I think my brain is going to burst!
omg no
Just finished a mtg. w/ one of my client organizations They are making a huge difference.
Signed little girl up for a games computer.
SE la Vie We cant be everywhere
Would like to thank everyone for making Irie's 5 de Mayo Salsa party the best one in town! Kudos!
In retrospect, three espressos before noon might have been overkill.
What Turkish place?? Wit the Gyros??
tracked bass tnite with the always in the pocket this CD just went to another level.
Extra innings coming up here at Mt. Pleasant as Paris and San Jacinto are tied at 4
thanks Morgan! It was great having you at yesterday!
just got done following all my followers
Wouldn't you guess? The musicians of the sound pretty amazing! Looking forward to tomorrow night's concert.
Attending the GHP Annual meeting.
Thanks for the shout out! Yes, been awhile. Conference season and bad tree allergies kicking in our sons asthma has me slipping.
I Saw Red right now! Tonight is going to be nuts. Love me some Richs afterhours!
Nobody is any better then anybody else.
Señorita has been stuck in my head for the last 3 days.
I think I like who I'm becoming
hahah...yeah...sure
Eyeing your toys suspiciously after watching Toy Story.
unfortunately not but at least it's got free shipping ;)
still waiting to fly out of Knoxville.. It's gonna be a long day
bitches aint loyal
let's go #lobos!!!
Glad my day is finally over. Today was rough. Need to just lay back and chill.
well it's true!
We're meeting at Indiana Gen Soc booth a little after 12
What is that??
Thanks to the #ACA, 40,000 seniors in #MN05 receive preventative services at no out-of-pocket cost.
Happy Birthday Hans Christian Andersen! Thanks to him we have The Ugly Duckling, The Little Mermaid, Thumbelina, The Snow Queen, & more!
WOO The Steelers just selected Dont'a Hightower from Alabama. Oh wait it was only a Mock Draft on SportsCenter right now. Damnit!
you must be breathing easier
:o share it ! Lol
*At a family party* Mama: "Saludaste a toda la famila?" (There is like 2850493 people there)
It makes me feel so old. Mo's been my favorite for a long time.
Heading out to for a lunch review of their spring menu for
Crush is now online........... Me: aiohfuichweufjhe too bad i cant message him cuz he wont reply :/
Google Revamps Google News: Today Google is releasing a redesigned version of their Google News site to English-la
TY for RT . So glad to find you & #systemsofengagement on Twitter. # socialmedia
when I order a hot pink MacBook case and it comes in like a red/orange color <<<<
NEED #PROMOTION????/
Extraordinary is average. If you aint doin' thangs on that extraordinary level, then you aint doin' what you need to be doin'...
It's official the oyster dinner is sold out! Planning another one in oct. don't miss some crazy fun oysters this week! C u at Harbor House!
Map to Sweetwater River Trail - 7 mile out and back- beautiful- ready to run it again, want to go? www.usatf.org/routes/view.asp?rID=432834
Happy Leap Day! Don't forget today is the last day to get up to $100 off camp tuition! Promo code: Practice12
hell yeah me too bruh
If we eat turkey before a show we might fall asleep halfway thru. Though, our audience is usually asleep at that point anyway
Autism Costs $137 Billion "The majority of the costs associated with #autism over the lifetime occur in the adult years"...
One- on- one relationships are key to doing business. It's how you gain trust. Networking is so important!
#Congratulations! You are reading my 100th #tweet. Now everyone is having a great day.
Netflix CEO - "We are now primarily a streaming video company," but he likes to leave out that less than 5% of inventory available. Phony.
Don't forget to #zapcash in your twitters.. get creative 2! Also check out the site for products & we would love feed back on contest ideas!
SAT word of the day: hapless (adj.) unlucky
Have to tell you, we have ability to put Zak-Del on the units now, as custom art. Check out our process, ultra cool and quality
thank you for the cupcake - very delicious.
Seriously, you guys look like a million fucks!!
Had an extra-awesome time documenting at the Timken museum in Balboa park, so many interesting museum visitors :-)
You want to meet up bro
You ain't never caught a rabbit and you ain't no friend of mine.
I'm slowly drifting to you This star is a planet I culminate The beauty gets away from you I'm on my way, I'm on, I'm on
He now is the lead for Street Dogs, another great pro-union Irish punk band. If you haven't yet, check em out!
I was just about to send you a tweet! Some things never change. Wish you could be here with us this weekend!
Yes, I still RT the old way. Fuck your opinion.
Jammin to Paul Revere and Girls!
Back in #chicago but already missing #tampa ugh
"I got my toes in the water, ass in the sand not a worry in the world a cold beer in my hand - Life is good today." - Zac Brown Band "Toes"
Fish larvae find the reef by orienting: The earlier the better For the first time, a numerical study incorporates horizontal larval fish
Thanks so much. Happy new year to you! xo
O boy this is great!
bet...coming into to city??
TIP after a flood - Remove wet fabrics and dry them as soon as possible. Hang furs and leather goods to dry separately at room temperature.
Watching #Duke vs. #Maryland basketball on #ESPN. you guys better be at that game!
give is new Yorkers live by following me nd
“: I love when fat girls wear yoga pants.” I know you LOVE this ;)
Pretty sure*
#ILovePeopleThat that listen to
Vegas is for a couple of days - 3 max. After that you`re in as much of a hurry to leave as you were to get there.
oh I forgot they don't let #cubs be MVP's #misnomer that is where people with potential go and die
#word RT : Still writing.
I need a composer for my documentary! Students are welcome :-)
Theese kids are crazy
just learned about it and will be listening
Re-Watched the BSG ep again where Cylons show up at New Caprica; one of the best season-ending cliffhangers ever.
my bad , you ain't shit ta me damn . I ain't gotta trust fund ta look forward to #your whack
I dont get the song but I like it lol
Ain't no way around it !
Great day! Every day these days is tons of fun and work, but I'm exhausted at the end of each.
The offense in this #osu vs #m*ch*g game is horrible
and love
its a combo of things.late inning pitching is hurting us as well as lack of runs.Is bobby v gonna last to the allstar break?
I was not being rude. you can't really show expression through text.
lol, I cant tell you.. I can only show you.
I've scared you away too, haven't I?
Peel Here Re-Wind this saturday. All art will be for sale...."cuz we make stickers"
*Whistles* Just an Angel in disguise...or is it de sky?
Just like the dream: you take all yr collage materials high up into the branches of trees. Buttons & old books, stored in thermal lunch bags
Really weird seeing Greek Week activities happening...pyramid, rope pull, etc. Nostalgia, etc. Really happy to see my little from APO.
i just got my ticket to go see , n for may 11 in Tucson :D
you are SO FREAKING AMAZING . It kills me .
there are not enough curse words, nor normal words, nor tears, right now, to feel what i am feeling.
That joint is by far and away his best Nike commercial.
Since when did all these females attempt to try to talk to me?? Lol what has the world turned into? lmao
I am honored! Looking forward to May 31st.
PEOPLE ALL AROUND BUT I STILL FEEL ALONE
gallery will be OPEN today from 7pm-9pm. come down and check things out.
Crushed some chesticles today at and now I'm strictly breathing in greatness.
you mean she's addicted to lead poisoning.
stop hating! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
good girl! lol
we agree!
what games were involved? And got a time stamp for you at PATV?
When politicians want to cut the NEA, they should first look to the $320 million spent on military bands (more than twice that of the NEA).
the world isn't right if and I can't find SOMEthing to bicker about, lol.
“: We have a potential zero tip situation at lunch"
yea you are lol
exactly! What's your favorite album? :3
We gotta take one day at a time..
Kick some ass down there, dude! Our TKAM opens Friday - wish us luck!
.4 I'll Never Cheat On You
Happy end of Summer. Hope all recovering from Irene and enjoying the beautiful day!
RT : At for the party. is killing it.
Thanks for the blog tweet! Happy #WriterWednesday!
is he in a wheelchair because of degrassi?!
That was amazing, that was amazing and oh, that was god damn amazing.
Need great, exp. reps in KC, MO starting 8.25, please send resume, pic and contact info to ASAP!
how yu get yo letters like that on yo name
My wife just diagnosed herself with sun poisening. Tough break!
I'm doing it now. I've done it like 15 times now.
sir! Are you in my fair city this evening? Would love to see you if you have time for an old college pal ;)
absolutely, 3:1 is about right. I'll take the high for this one right now though!
DING DING DING!
Hmm i think imma stay single for awhile and just mess around. :p
watt even my grandpa and uncle said it look like you lol
"I'm got damn givin u da money" lmao
I expect a full report on Marco's.
I missed you too man!! Where have you been and how have you been??
What is happening to all my followers?:O
Girl just turned around and stared at me while i used my nasal spray...
apple ipod touch 4th generation case: Hot Deals Snap-On Hybrid ...
I should be studying... Oh well
any advice to help me from getting hurt when I go snowboarding next week?PLEASE REPLY! I've been trying for 2wks for you 2reply
ENTREES - ATLANTIC SALMON eggplant puree, seared greens, feta and sundried tomato dressing
I swear Austin had sex hair after he danced....
If you could give me one good reason why I would trade Josh Hamilton away, you got him, otherwise stop offering trades for him. I'm not dumb
Lol right, same here.
gradients = legit.
Are you guys still looking for a third band to round out the reunion show?
SO WOULD MARKY MARK!
When Confidence is the key to a successful future. :)
Chelsie & Roshon had a very good threesome dance
3rd circle of Hell.
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking – “Fifth, Think about your love for and desire to help the audience.”
bout to start a random konvo wit sombody
Well, in general, that is widely known and goes without saying. But, er...what specifically for?
You can always order online :-)
Hey B!!! How you doing? Always missing Philly and the homies. I hear there's a Will Smith movie shooting there soon.
can u please follow me ???
Flat tire on the drive home from work. Boo. Thanks to Fino and Jim S. at #Potatawomi for helping me!
My hand is on FIRE. When will I learn and start wearing gloves when I cook with jalapeños?
The library will be CLOSED tomorrow, Tues. Nov. 8 for Election Day, and Fri., Nov. 11 for Veterans Day. Plan accordingly!
across from Johnny's florist at the bottom of rossiter
Fuck you math!
Looking to treat a woman good and yet no ones available? Hypocrites I say, complaining bout wanting a good man...
did u see his funny lookn ass lol
When I met you, I said my name was Rich. You look like a girl from Abercrombie & Fitch.
u must not kno a lot of people <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Good Q! RT : Q at : how do u determine who opinion ldrs r on soc media? Thoughts frm the Twitterverse?
They are migratory, but most come back to FL in the winter, both coasts, about Central FL and further down. Amazing creatures.
You're my heaven in this hell.
SALE!!! Use coupon code SPRINGCLEAN to save 25% for the rest of the week!!!
Snoring while you wait for jury duty... wow
hey i am huge fan of you and am so excited for the hunger games. it would mean so much if you followed me back, no lie. =)
Man, I'm tired.
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good. - Ann Landers
Working its way to be the best Daytona 500 ever!!
thanks jet !!!
I like my life. :)
I already presented my website can I go back to sleep now.
Is it being discontinued?
Quick, pull out a piece of paper & write down 10 things u want 2hve happen in the next year personally&professionally.
Can't wait to go to bed!
I wish could train some of these artists
Anti-aging, better sleep, detox, weight loss, relief from pain! This can be yours! www.lifewave.com/kdbritton for details and ordering.
Agreed. Luckily we have twitter to talk to the 3 other insomniacs we know.
my husband asks "why has the water bill gone up only since i installed the detachable shower head in our shower?" cuz im
What every adult child dreads...parents on FB! Facebook for Seniors workshop here at PPL today 1-4pm (call to register: 207-871-1700 x708).
April is always the hardest month for me.
he was the worst part
Rihanna's Talk That Talk album right now >>
Mixing at the studio tonight... trying to get the EP done asap for you all.... It's sounding great!!!!
All A Woman Has To Say Is “I Don’t Want To Talk About It” This Leaves Guys With The “Illusion” That The Issue Was Talked About”
I just want to get my car washed. Rain in the forecast for days still.
how insufferable would a Tebow version of the "Decision" special have been??? The mind reels
oh excellent! well, on the next occasion, feel free to let me know!
Say hello to falsetto in 3, 2....
New Clients Coming Soon: 24/7 Entertainment, Big Love, & Anthony R Howard. man this has been a busy weekend!
and I have decided to do our own wood laminate flooring installation. May the odds ever be in our favor...
me too but it's all good right
Lin, JR, Melo, Stats, Chandler or is < Lin, Fields, Melo, Stat, Chandler
is messi going HAM??
Oh dear! Keep pushing Hayley!
fuck of love eminem
text me
#ThatEx the one who's currently in a relationship but still says he loves me , smh
Who's your caddy? #ThatsMyMovie it's too funny.
Big ups to for promising to be a strict timekeeper for his #2012c19 panel.
do we have a say in this? We vote yes! ;) Hope to see you both there. Once we post details, holler with any questions.
thanks herby! appreciate the compliment.
you'll laugh, I always hit up The Wave on Broadway when I need good work. If you remember Miss Ree from KTFM, she owns it
yeah yeah but you didnt come:-)
Amtrak Acela wifi is becoming whine-fi for me
tweeting, facebook, music :) u?
Just found out that the owners of Nico's in Otay Shopping Ctr got evicted! Went for dinner and found Sheriff notice & place empty.
Don't want to go to work today...
I met a guy the other day selling pine cones on Ebay — LOTS of pine cones! I can't stop thinking about that.
I hate it when men at 40something act like 18 year old's with raging hormones!
"Something I try to teach all my boys, always put one in the brain." Clock: 3:32
Raises some interesting issues, doesnt' it??
Starting the webinar discussing Dynamic Customer Journey w/ Hashtag is #WTAltimeter; listen and/or follow along!
30 is the new 40... if you're a woman.
Bout to learn how to ride a dirtbike! I'm SUPER amped!!!!
really musso, that's just mean! Lol
Sitting outside on my deck at 9:30 is truly something I wish I could do year round. So enjoyable.
If you get the chance to listen to Nathan speak about the epic new kitchen "biblopedia" do it! True entertainment!
Justin's home for a visit. Just in time for 7 Marathon gals staying over before the big race. Slumber party! No empty nest here!
Lesson learned I can never leave alone! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
i cant believe i havent seen my friend in almost 4 months. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
you play and Brown County quite a bit in #GEEBZ??
And knitters with cats fight a losing battle to keep our work intact! Finally gave in and gave her a ball all her own.
Check our new profile on Facebook!
A.O.E <3 iluu babe <3 Merry Christmas
looks great! Hope to support! We are fans of Wole Soyinka and the NY actor Christoph (Who had a lovely voiceover)
What should you do if you are on a picnic with King Kong? Give him the biggest bananas.
diggy simmons and jacob latimore on BET . now
so today at lunch, connor was trying to put his kindle in my sweatshirt pocket.. him: STICK IT IN THERE!! me: I CANT!! ITS TOO BIG!! hahaha.
fanny lace?? lol
yep I dig it!
congrats to the Panthers on their big win!
Got Milk?
Just made THE best smoothie I have ever made. Mango, pineapple, peaches, a little bit of mixed berries, Greek yogurt and orange juice!
hours pass and she still counts the minutes...
can anybody say #wockaflockaflame got cold cocked by a cock blockin lame" 10 times fast? kid got 60 seconds of fame by catchin a beatdown!
Truthfully, the money would be really helpful now, but hopefully, this will open some doors. :-)
I heart Ron Pearlman
Looking forward to: 3-day, 6-stage music festival July 13-15, 2012 at Sawyer Point and Yeatman's Cove in Cincinnati, OH.
i mad how the pic is small. but thanks for putting it up(:
One of the best feelings ever! I think I could buy into this whole golf thing.
its ok that say wade better..but niggas acting like Iverson was a scrub
you are supposed to be at a Dr. Appointment!!! (wink wink) Ya big dummy!!!
--We're having a Gov2.0 #barcamp in oakland June 4-codeforoakland.eventbite.com--wish you could come!
Should minimize needless frustration, e.g. data format incompatibility, really bad UI. Some tech knowledge prereqs ok.
Good three mile bike ride. It's a small ride, but good for now.
ain't nobody fresher. Aint nobody cleaner
I'm even more grateful for the people that have been place in my life.
A sport filled summer?
Wish You A Very Happy Birthday Hrithik Bhai! Hope You had an Awesome Day! May GOD BLESS You with All the Success and Happiness! :)
live in midtown!
1 more period to go!!!!!
Happy Easter Jennifer
Well, ep I guess. Whatever.
Feminism today is the protection and propagation of women’s rights wherever they are being trampled upon.
Without Jesus I suck t-shirts are the best<3
Travis did a really tite performance art peice 2nite... Drew a circle on a wall & got nylon cuffed as ladies removed his jewlrey.
Is it really wednesday already?
just a question...why do you always aspect the worst of things?
So I know there are a ton of games on I should be watching, but I just can't stop marathoning 30 Rock. "Lemon Out!"
Peace Day 2011, an annual FREE COMMUNITY CELEBRATION, is looking for Celebrities to talk to Los Angeles children and sign autographs!
What chu mean homie ? RT : I know u ain't move to L.A. & break your fingers? "Air" yo tone lol
Hey, Dad!!
hey lady!! Working on the 27th for you :)
going off tonight
i don't want to go to Las Vegas on Valentines Day.
New #evernote on web simply #sux #fail Slow beyond belief / usability. Sad, really
It's always something...
alright I got you.
I knew the Bulls weren't gonna do anything with that 51 seconds ... That's game ..
Segregated without food and light during their period, Nepali women rebel ...
102.1 is looking for music
I noticed I have neglected my Bucket List lately. Time to get back on track and make some wishes come true! What's on ur #BucketList?
Hope everyone has a very blessed day .
We are delivering some of our high quality playground wood chips in Carlsbad. 10% off any debris pick up in the North County tomorrow.
Kurt Cobain killed himself 1 month after Justin Bieber was born.. He knew.
does Jared Swopshire get recognized on Louisville senior night since Ricky is kicking him out after the year?
yeaa, so done with it
Steve Blake is on <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
yup, right across the way from Summerlea!
AROMA THERAPY !! WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT IT WAS THAT EASY Check these guys out
Hi want to help keep money in our community and schools go to www.kidshardwarekmpnay.com fundraiser
M.. it felt really good to relax and do absolutely nothing tonight :)
My edit suite speakers are buzzing....and its not a good thing!!
One Of My Dreams Is To Meet The 5 most Amazing boys <U+2665> ( Niall Horan, Harry Styles, Zayn Malik , Louis Tomlinson, Liam Payne. )
thanks for giving us a private concert! You ROCK!!
Your welcome, anytime! :)
You're very welcome! Love the difference you are making! RT : Thanks for the wonderful shout out!
There was only one reason to go to a KFC, the honey BBQ wings. Now they've discontinued that. C-ya.
If you spend word for word with me, I shall make your wit bankrupt.— Thurio, The Two Gentlemen of Verona by William Shakespeare
I'm for Harrow, but those r big shoes to fill. Never seen anything like Wall (tho lot of TO's), Knight: clutch, Teague: Nat'l Champ.
your bio.. *dead* SO. FRIGGEN. TRUE. I'm with you 100% on that one!<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764> (:
5 more miles and counting down to the 26th: 2 more days!
It reminds me of the music industry and Napster.
In the PG Plaza Mall Food Court. Looks like I'll be eating something with high cholesterol in it...
I dnt even have cable here har :p :) .
: tell me how to bbm?
Me too...RT : so bummed that you won't be joining us down at the Key West Songwriters Festival!! :-(
Thank you so much love. :) <3
Had a great weekend in NYC. Back in LA ready to rock the far bar tonight. Bring a friend.
Refresh. Nope. Refresh. Nope. Seeing MY Shepherd again feels like having drinks with an old friend.
Many thanks to all of our supporters. We couldn't do it without you! Happy Thanksgiving!!!
AFS paper done: check. Presentation for Exec Board done: check. Notes for two other appearances: in process. Prepared to get up at 4AM: no.
14 hrs on the job, 45 mins home... why am I going back to work in an hour for another 6?
Is the "Black Crab" syndrome myth or reality? Blacks that are signing up don't seem to care! If Love is blind, Black is indifferent! :-)
Oh Yesh we should! But we gotta get some dough first!
I'm a happy lady & BOTH released new EPS today.
No, Airport Parking Garage! I will NOT like you on Facebook. Frankly, you've been a little clingy lately, and it's kind of a turn off.
I'm so excited for tomorrow and I can't stop smiling.
he's getting ready for the pros
If This Girl Dont Stop Poppinn Her D*mnn Gum , I Know Something . -,-
I'm missing #oomf right now...
"Live blogging" for the James Beard awards tonight. Not even sure what that means, but I feel like a nerd.
NYT got it mostly right, but UC Berkeley started a new lawyering skills class this fall and has many practical programs
Hello, ladies!
Bootleg movies on deck!! Stoves fridge tables socks soap!
glad to have you on board and I am glad you are cashing I am pumped up for
AHH I WANNA PLAY.
Ah yes. Someone just played the "what do you know you I never played the sport" card on me. Only took 3 years to have that done here.
Awesome day meeting #fosterly peeps, looking forward to the next one!
Jabaal, We create custom Twitter backgrounds 4 many of the Browns. Would love to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM if u want one.
Well worth the trip ima tell quicktrip I demand the pineapple owls!!!
I know! I saw it! I was crying...when I read that. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
dj just convinced little girls he was a dancer on the Disney show shake it up.. stooped to a new low.
Most unusual dog names in 2010 according to VPI are: Pickle Von Corndog, Badonkadonnk and Dog Vader. Does your dog have an unusual name?
the wife and I are getting ready to watch Blue Like Jazz in Cincinnati.
you tweeted. You must be bored and lonely.
- thanks for the #FF shoutout, Judy.
The teacher brought us donuts cuz were good and they were booommmmbbbb
Rt: 12% of Dem primary voters said restoring collective bargaining rights for public employees is most important issue.
#IATEFL that actually sounds like a good complaint!
Yo ladies, quit looking at my crotch as you walk by! WTF?
That is good, glad your feeling better!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet stevie wonder
When people think of Miami, they often forget about South Dade, so thank you for remembering us!
shoutout to my new follower
We're offering 50% off your first two months for climate controlled and drive-up units!
I Will Tell Somebody Tuu They FAce If i HAve Aye Problem With THen So Get THaa Straight!!!
I would love for you to follow me. (: #makeithappen? <3
Small business Saturday in my hood means Pannikin, Ducky Waddles, maybe a pop into Grounded or It's a Luv Thing. Love Encinitas!
Thanks so much for the mention man!
you guys are
Hmm. "Real Estate Owned" is a new term for me. I guess it does take the edge off a bit if it is referring to a bank-owned property.
I really have a problem with opening up to people.
Shoutout to the family and Cory too bad I don't rememeber his twitter name... Trippy
Ha! Actually, I heard about them from
Strategic planning wrong term. Try strategic thinking and execution planning. : Verne up on stage now.
It's MP! Trying 2 get n touch. Can u email us? . Thx! <U+2665>
ME TOO. And I hurt my shoulder this weekend so it's gonna be a while :-/
Sometimes I want to be a kid again, because the broken knees heal faster than broken hearts ...
Don't you think Montero is way too young to be a DH? Maybe in 10 years, yeah. But who DHs when they're 21?
I hate when my twitter Unfollows ppl like tf -.-
#Alaskaairlines um, there is no one at the only check-in at O'Hare and there are seven of us in line b'cause you oversold the flight. WTF?
Thanks for the shout out! It's good to be in touch, iwas great hosting a joint event at the global views showroom last spring.
Whenever I hear, "you know what I'm saying" it lets me know that the person saying it does NOT in fact know what THEY are saying.
He's saying you must chill Don Perignon '53 below 38 degrees just like you must listen to the Beatles with earmuffs.
I've seriously been slacking on going to the gym. I need to find my motivation & get my lazy ass on the elliptical.
oh ok
you off
We need to talk to authors and rights holders, b/c publishing rights may revert back to the author if discontinued.
I can't even sleep :(
": Ms.Davina how are you?"great and u
The biggest mistake a girl can make is thinking that the guy who broke her heart once won’t do it again.
Meeting strangers from the internet gives me such an adrenaline rush.
": there is only one true prankster on this plane"
I love Yvonne
ok. i hadnt heard much on springboard either. i caught half that presentation with mallory
it was great, shows that you can do anything if you put your mind to it
Thank you so much for the #FF - quite a list and one we're proud to be associated with.
Idk what i'd do if there was no ESPN.
We have started the engineering on or Colorado Plateau project
Brewers bangers and kraut, sunday supper. Go crew, and pack. Cellar has its tvs....
on So filthy. He's playing songs from Mali on a cello banjo. Who does that?
Haha that's funny .
Oh, and I saw Austin Kearns again. So there's that.
Sub Bus driver tried to hit me with the bus!!! wow.
workout over time for chipotle
Vick finished third place, Ron Dayne won the trophy
LL Cool J is overwhelmingly classy, all of the heads bowed for Whitney Houston was a truly American moment
Thanks for the follow!
Word Up Soccer Fans - Catch some footy with 2 matches this Sunday: SUN 8am - Man. United VS Arsenal SUN 11:30am - Inter Milan VS Lecce
Ah, yeah, that's my fault. I have something else for you too, Adam, when the snow lets up.
thanks for the follow! Have a wonderful day
Hello! Plz fallow me. :>
Emmy is pissed off you didnt call her any names "pea brain"
MWF needs to watch out for Paul Bearer's Trifecta of Terror !!! Coming to take over !!!
years ago! It's actually a really cool version.
Great people never forget what others have done for them. In fact, having a sense of appreciation makes a person worthy of respect. D.Ikeda
Buenos Dias :o Today you should have a Clementine.
checking in.be safe this weekend.We need you loud & proud come 5/5.don't drink & drive, protect your treasure & always wear clean underpants
#ClubPS3 #ClubiPad2 Come on, baby... I wanna win me a PS3 (or iPad 2)
Needs a Nap .
The difference between this Monday and any other is that this one has me stating kb the library for many hours tonight.
That was a swipe at the media bro. Jelly Bean had himself a good game. Bynum and Gasol just decided not to show up.
the iced Papua New Guinea is not bad
Sorry for the late reply, but Followed. :)
Auditioned for ITheatre Collective yesterday, nice company.
Go buy them from my mom!
Real proud of the FANS and #wisshoops team! Both really brought their "A" game tonight.
I really hope your happy.. You deserve to be.
well where ever you live have a safe night and enjoy the newyears with your friends and familiy
You're So Vain - Carly Simon
updated my blog! Next up, a blog entitled "How to ruin someone's perfectly good summer be being a terrible horrible instructor: 10 EZ steps"
RT : Fun new Twitter find of the day: , h/t
Thanks bro . I apreciate it !
Found an amazing singer on Biggest Loser...(Had to DVR it), downloaded EP on iTunes!!
Lol! I admit, I haven't quite got the twitter bug either. It's interesting when big news breaks, but I prefer fb still!
Happy mothers day to all the mothers !
Overnight is on hiatus during recess; Julian is somewhat tech-averse; Bob knows UK is going to win this: GO CATS
Yes, indeed - moments for reflection in office yesterday in his honor - Thank you
TruTV is shattering veiwer records by showing a game that was supposed to be a blowout.
I shoulda just took the creepy cab driver's offer to take me to the airport <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
just watched Profoundly Normal and was deeply moved. Kudos to choosing that and on a brilliant job.
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
Having breakfast @ Rocky V's home of no frills karaoke.
Running out of peppermint oil!
Finished surveying/taking notes over 's recent posts- time to put it all in the crockpot of my mind & make some idea stew.
Crap! My mom just watered my laptop! I was in my bedroom. she went out to water the lawn and my window is open with my laptop next to it.
Let entrepreneur mentor show you 57+ effective income streams for your biz in her NEW course. SAVE $50 'til midnight:...
Worth the wait: The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
king of the hill was my show when i was growing up lol
I've known Harvey for over 40 years and I worked with him on the Burnett show for 11 years
Nice! RT : #duck dynasty is the best show on TV right now (next to the news with )
Hello, I'll be joining in the #BA75 chat tonight at 8 PM Central, so there will be 'badass women' tweets ahead!
Thanks for believing in me! Your support is what keeps me going! #thegoodfight #twitterbinge 20/24
I like my music real loud, can you turn that shit up for me right now?
The single life? Hmm that makes me a total pro!
awe I love you!!!
I feel like driving through rural Kansas today. What do you say ?
Thanks for all the follows and retweets lately! Keep supporting and spreading the word. We personally read each tweet you send us!
off to at The Oriental Theatre to get a good seat for "Gainsbourg: A Heroic Life" then off to "Buddha Mountain".
Happy 4th of July Twitter Family!!!
Book your next waxing service with me... Facial, and or Body ;)
I didn't say anything b/c what if it wasn't you. That would have been awkward! Haha!
I will be at the mother ship tomorrow, will wave thru the intertubes
he's lame!
slow down lead foot
VIDEO: Fish farming in a high-rise world
lol so what is this about aidens monkey nipples??
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
Retweet if u from ohio
I think I have figured it out....Waldo probably hides because he's behind on his child support payments. #WheresWaldo ???
hey Phil! I like your face, will you marry me??
RT : Landry got off to a good start but not in game. Woodson must've forgot about him again.
I will NEVER date a Mexican, I'm half Mexican but still. Not attractive to me at all <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085>
Success is neither magical or mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of;consistently applying the basic fundamentals - Anna Williams
only problem is i have to have it done and shipped by like the 3rd or 4th. do you have anything in the works?
I received many political robocalls last cycle. Finally realized my voter registration listed my cell #. Oops, undo!
congrats on signing with the steelers bruh...good luck with training camp and making the squad
Sleep. APUSH is a hopeless class.
searching Freegal is infuriating! I want my 3 free songs, dangit. Too bad I can't find anything I want.
DAMN. I'll fix it ASAP. But thanks for the feedback
1/2 price bottles of vino all day today at VIA!
Marry your job
Anyone who tweets a link to our twitter & Facebook will receive a free download of the new song on Xmas, a week before it's released! RT!
i like what you're saying, I understand the idea of now, but my dreams are so much more beautiful ... I love being there.
As a student of U.S. history, I am always in awe of this country's Armed Forces! Happy Veterans Day
Ross' post-lottery win plans: Mass production of a 5-hole blowup doll
The day goes really slowly when you have Ray's the Steaks to look forward to. Can't wait.
Don't get into trouble. RT : My day would not be complete without at least one dirty IM from
Still got room in our restaurant for our traditional thanksgiving dinner... you know, in case of any last minute kitchen disasters ;)
Museums Matter night tomorrow Excited!
how thus change yo name on da app
Probably gonna get in trouble for that lol
Hope the run is going well. Loved your provocative Coaches Gone Wild thread this week!
ready 4 worship @ th nursing home prayin I cn put my own feelings aside 2 minister 2day blessings
FYI MARC.pm was the original, but now deprecated MARC module. MARC::Record is what you want now. Tis fun and very powerful. :-)
Haha yea that's it! Thanks man
how manly. Like hunting at the zoo.
Come back to #rva often please. I'll buy you all post show beers.
Proud you survived the morning buddy...Lucky's got the best of me got tequilla crazy with
I'm mad I spent like $300 on prom for nothing.
Thats right when a kid goes to the bathroom they can take a diddy get 15% on that
The emergence of the 49ers in the Manning sweeps is absolutely stomach turning. GOD DAMNIT.
Hey you what me yes u follow me on twitter why coz that's where its going DOWN
I miss Adrienne Rich already. "..the thing I came for:/ the wreck and not the story of the wreck/ the thing itself and not the myth"
This! RT : It's the reverse. You call them infographics like you call something a "democratic republic".
yea, like that.
Prince Fielder just stole second on the Mariners. It was a passed ball, but still.
the only way out is in a body bag
Does sex on the first date make a female a hoe??
RT: "Visualizing ur goals isnt just about seeing the destination; it's about seeing the path to get there.." Tatiana Escalada (via )
I'm leaving now.. And going to bed;)
Who else is going to Sales in the Cloud @ 1:30? Show of hands!
Suck my fick ... ! Did u read that wrong ? Hah RT
I always say that. Settle down. I say it when I'm happy.
Hello Franklin, one last chance to enjoy this seasons tacos til we introduce our new menu tomorrow!
The Artists2Artists Fund is offering $975 in matching funds for our project! Please contribute now to make the most of your donation.
This week is going to be crazy at EA! Friday night 8-11 Vintage Throw down on the street! Food trucks- music- come see who wins!
Twitter: The area between the twat and the shitter?
That was one crazy night. Remember when Saint stole the egg nog?
see ya!
#IfICouldWishForAnything It would be to lay on a beach al day long
another themed engagement session today
I'll email a quick tutorial. I'm sitting in line to see a prescreening of True Grit.
Then you haven't played A2A with my friends, where “loud” = “the Challenger explosion” or “shy” = “Anne Frank”.
tomorrows monday D: ugh. whos on spring break, though!? ;D
My horoscope for today says I'm in for a "merry surprise" but will be faced w/lots of grumpy people earlier today...hm.
hey whats new
Ok now I'm tired AND hungry! Lack of sleep causes food cravings. Arghh..What's for breakfast?
I was thinking about pre ordering believe.
yes you are! You just need to walk around like you know your beautiful.
That house where one guy was a weed dealer and another guy was addicted to adderral but was pretty nice and supposedly had a big dick
The helicopters are gone now.
Sunshine at it's best in Seattle today. How are your weeks plans coming along?
I was just satin its MY last day at the gregg....not zach's....goob
90's Music>
Just on my way from watching a movie ... jackass 3D was pretty hilarious
Francesco Maria Veracini was a quirky fellow: jumped out of a window in despair one day, and from then on he walked with a limp - but...
Nevermind you don't get what I'm saying
thanks for the coverage. I'll be watching the PA lawsuit...will be interesting.
it appears to be a large dendrite. Are you buying salads for zombies by accident perhaps?
at least my weight going to the right places ..
Unfinished Brazilian Walnut 3/4" x 2-1/4" in-stock. Great for creating a custom design floor.
we're silk screening at Bella Forte! Boxes get noticed with great design. Letterpress business cards on the press. Those get noticed too!
We are getting closer & closer & closer to our launch date. Be prepared to spread the fancy!
Follow us on Twitter.....So excited to offer fun stuff to our followers
Hi i an new to twitter i wud like som one to tok to.
We are saddened by the news that Steve Jobs has passed away. Our sympathy and thoughts are with his family and the Apple community.
Just saw Howl and really enjoyed it. Now I'm going to play outside. Swear.
I'm not looking for girls on Twitter. I am a grown man, I know what I want and how to find it.
Working the booth at the better living show. Who wants to come visit me?
Hump Day...Leap Year Day...Wax Wednesday
heyy girl, long time no talk !! i miss you :\
yeah, we need to record and edit those beats I gave you! Lets just set a day, when are you free?
Glad all of my electronics remember it was #DaylightSavingsTime because I sure as hell didn't!
Thanks for the encouragement! , ,
A sound so i know im not imagining it, im shaking so hard under my covers, u should know im serious when im up at 8 AM on a saturday :(
Thanks for the #FF!
sweet! I LOVE sou'r natural!
DO NOT PLAY STUPID WITH ME!..... Im better at it....
A kick in the teeth is good for some. A kiss with a fist is better than none.
I'm enamored with Cary Wolfe, but I don't get why he models his sentences on John Lyly and Margaret Cavendish.
this new ti song is horrible
I could see your HALO
didn't know yhat was possible. It's like saying 30 Rock needs more sarcasm. Or Saying Jay Leno needs more cars.
so much respect :) and
Thinking of getting an airbrush tan? We have a 4 pack package. 4 sessions only $100. You save $40!
are you back yet
Chocolate peanut butter cups from is becoming our Sunday night ritual.
When are you looking for these candidates to be able to start?
RTOREWARDS has leveled the playing field! RTO companies can now take advantage of an affordable customer loyalty and gift card program!
thanks Danny, what did you think of the clutch site? Steve
who really cares tho, like it's getting really obnoxious
One more day until swimming pools and cocktails.
I think it was! Thanks!
Travis and goin' on a bro date to see The Five Year Engagement tonight. Will one of them get lucky? Wait and see!
You're tellin me! Whew! About to give up for the night!
Hey , Night is complete, just found out that Now 42 just hit the shelves
Ty doll face!!!! I'm steller for once in many years ;) So crazy in love
Ah, we meet again Babies R Us. Lord of Evil, mortal enemy of the beloved paycheck. You may win this battle but not the war!
I fully intend on having a bulldog named Loki.
Out for the night with the best friend xoxo
Oh no!.... luckily, I don't work until 1pm. I'm just up listening to music
On the other hand, you might be surrounded by lazy imbeciles (but I rather doubt that).
It's all good!
yup we talked about it today in my treatment class!
#Fistball Lingo: "Pick" - Successfully defending a ball the opposing team has attacked/served. Similar to the term "Dig" in
You made me feel alive now I can't forget you.
this is the kinda person only drakes would hire!!!!.... Oh wait.
Huge ovation after Rockies come back with 6 runs in the bottom of the 6th. Very difficult to hear Boston fans right now. 8-6 Rox Top 7
Remember Jeremy Lin?
Astonished NFL reporters fell for fake Tebow account regarding #Jaguars - Unverified, 8 followers, and 4 tweets didn't tip anyone off?
I missed the hotdog! I remember the guy who wore an Eiffel Tower though. Weirdos.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the Creole Voodoo vixen
you didnt even watch it last year
Hey Colby! thanks for following. And as always, thanks for the interviews for the Cleve show!
when is it??
Lesson of the day: There are many ways to do almost everything. You have to pick one and do it. Well. Then evaluate.
Torn between parental responsibility & gearing up the biz. All preps paid off. My 3 yo made it to 1st day in preschool. I'm proud of her!
Posed this yesterday: I need a one-word prompt or short phrase to coax a short story out of me. Suggestions?
return to work....they need you
*peers at you down nose* yes indeed I am lol
Operation: Do just enough to keep my job is going just as planned.
Don't you just hate when your laying down and texting, then all of the sudden your phone goes all ninja on you and attacks your face.
It was good. Latinos like to party! ;)
If there's a damned Easter Egg hunt on my rooftop that prevents me from playing whiffle ball, I'm moving out of Park Slope
Actually talked to the chef about doing a tequila/food pairing last night. Could probably do a vegan option.
Saw Date Night last night. Great flick, very funny.
the one about the funeral was hilarious!
@ IAMHEALTHYHAIR HI CHAD
Hope you enjoyed it. Promotion Hurts.
Anyone down to come over and play some halo ?? Or Modern warfare 3 ?? Or anything haha
Our meeting room limit is 200 when we don't have chairs set up. We offer the big programs multiple times a day.
LMAO @ "fine mess Ollie" -- haven't heard that one in ages but it still makes me LOL everytime I hear - OR IMAGINE - i!!
Negativity breeds bad outcomes
the cheese tasting was awesome, too!
Be sure to follow to learn more about why #ROC is a great place to live and work!!!
Still have some great AZ professional associations not using Twitter. ISPIAZ, AZODN, Arizona Association of Facilitators, where are ya?
Yay! They missed my Thursday talk so I only have one Flash Forward bit. I'm glad the talk I'm pitching is Get Over Yourself.
Thank you for the support!
or should I say Farewell :-)
S/0 to my new follower :)
words w/out action is as useless as a free yacht anchored in the middle of Sahara desert..preaching hope is 4 tmorow, tangible help is now.
It was nice to hang out with you today. It's been too long.
NEED PERSPECTIVE? Just spoke at Wishing Star Event to Parents w/ children w/ life-threatening illness. Life - It's ALL relative!!
we need to get and to sign a onsie for my new born baby girl to wear in Dallas :)
S/O to for being pretty
RT : RT : Joshua Ham, Manual Arts HS junior: so many cops at school, iron bar gates make school look like jail
“: truth its cool tho bro, one day they will” period bro
No seriously. I am more excited about Demi Lovato.
Well we have a great Mother's Day deal too! Get a 45-min massage for $20! Now thru May 18!
The boyz are gonna win that shit hands down babyy ": 8 FLAVAHS AND THE BOYZ R GONNA BATTLE."
wow...that's some pretty impressive fail density. much higher, and they might beat the LHC at finding the Higgs Boson....
do you need any pickups?
I love that uncle calls me Puerto Rico, cause he's bad with names.
My heart felt thanks to all the artists, our co-hosts and the fans around the world for making this the biggest and best #TeenHoot ever. :)
yes look up the definition in the book, DI is made up of 2 parts, prison knew about problem, failed to do anything about it
Was there something in the fruit? How did the helicopters find them?
Hey it's BK, What TV bar ( or any fictional bar)-do you wish you could go to for St.Patricks Day?
I wanna see the new SAW 3D! is it any good??
Btw this on this thing
Looking forward to the #TED Talks from the following today: and more.
Today I met this person at the movies, and he said I was really funny. Ha like I don't know this already?
Anyone have a reference for someone who can transcribe some interviews for me? 7 interviews, 25-30 minutes each. Let me know, thanks!
Fuckin fire alarm<U+E059>
Whatever happened to our interview?
SUCKING ON HIS LIPS SOFTLY!!!!!
I'm just using the same logic that you would use if I were in your situation!
singing one of my favorite songs? I love this show.
Convinced acupuncture makes everything better. Thanks for the treatment!
Everyone knows it is 2012, right? And we're still debating #contraception? Grow the fuck up, Church.
Okok well I guess everyone just died so... I'll just k BYE!!(:
If you're gonna eaves drop, pay attention! cc
I've had good luck with ShopSavvy
Learning to love hCard
Totally got it. RT : Think Bridesmaids mixed with Hangover. Stop drinking hatorade
Spent more than half my day waiting for citations to export to #endnote today. Love you, but let's speed it up #endnote !
Minnesota legislature votes to build 1/2 of a stadium for the Vikings. Rationale: they only have half a team.
Pell Grant cut makes summer classes impossible for some
Kings gonna sweep.
- Yes, I thought of the Jenga comparison all by myself.
Just found out Andrew Sweat is skipping the NFL for law school. Too many hits to the head I guess. I wish him well, but will miss him.
SO IS JACK OMG.
call me
Done! Looks like a great project.
but why would reputable journalist Jennifer Rubin say otherwise?
lol what do you mean? What prompted you to say that?
raw athletic talent with no brain lol
A great meal in the 120 West Market Fresh Grill + the Mind Tripping Show - a delicious & fun combination!
I am fine not seeing #RexGrossman on the field for the rest of the season. Obviously, you can't win a game with 4 interceptions.
Great... Just when I thought I lost all my feelings for you... this happens.
Goodnight tweeps! Thanks for keeping me company :-) love ya!
Good loookin out on the follow back lady,
AAVG bid support coming in.
Their homophobic message was garbled all but for their expert enunciation of "LGBT bullshit."
perkins jumper
#cil11 Pew Internet Research Center is working on a study of e-readers. Stay tuned.
I'm sleepy like a dormouse and mad as a hatter!
No problem :) <U+2665>
heyy! i didn't know you interned for Tommy Hilfiger... when did that happen?
"Cabin in the Woods" sick but great movie!!!
I just realized something. If the Coyotes win the Stanley Cup does Yandle take it to Boston?
Your pizza bakes in under 90 Seconds in our wood-fired oven, at 900 degree temperatures leaving your pizza with a light and blistered crust!
RT: "The Tortoise & Hair PGH [...} raised nearly $4,000 through the run last week. Great job" Thanks for the mention! It was GREAT!
oh you betcha. we are working on something I think your kiddos will love. Will keep u updated :-)
In Vitro Diagnostics Market to 2018 - Consolidation, Decentralization and Demand for Genetic Testing to Shape the ...
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she has so funny tweets AND she FOLLOWS back 2
let me put dis out there.If u try2fuckin put me on blast not a good move on u cas I do the same rite back our relationship w nvr b the same
G"M ! Call now to advertise in our 2011-2012 Southern California Jewish Calendar . Deadline is this Thursday !! 323-965-1544 Email dovid…
Only 136 more days to wait for , 'Salumi' follow up to charcuterie. Too early to start a paper countdown chain?
It's LeBron time!
There was a movie about health inspectors???
These game time changes are really messin up #Brewers events. Field of Sweet Dreams is the 20th. Now they'll have a lot of time to fill..
My dad refuses to give me money for my fines<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Benefits of taking your dog to work may not be far-fetched Man ’s best friend may make a positive difference in the workplace by reducing
same here miss...pleasure was all mines...see yall next week...add me on fb...its djcoolaid fernando
The Super Mystery Jackpot Song clue:The Artist is still alive.
Merry Christmas everyone. Hope everybody Christmas wishes came true
“: Listened to watch the throne blasting while giving head last night” jesus christ hahahahaaha
But I'm just a comic! What do I know! ;^P /via A lot.
Sex is on my mind
great to connect with you!
In awe of all the areas in which infopros have an impact. Enjoyed the 30 second introductions :-)
ah, no worries! good job on the applications. Hope Utah works out. Fun having your sister around?
I must visit the local Salvation Army for cardigans now.
Booked my first feature in a commercial.
oh jeez lmaooo I sure bet so haha.
Hey gurrlll how you've been?? :)
thanks hope your son gets over it quick
Made a cup of coffee about 20 minutes ago; it's probably cool enough by now. Headed to church in a while.
RT : You know it's serious when closes!
Parra! I love that kid.
I'm working even when I'm not working!!!
All you see is strange clouds
Tumblr can be a pretty awesome medium.
Loreena McKennitt to the rescue. Her music always makes me feel better.
Some food and soft drinks to be sold...no alcohol
Props, kids. Y'all should video tape your fights for this next leg and put 'em on the blog.
Thanks for the Mix swag!! Quite excited about the Office :)
Was gonna go Golfing tomorrow. Cancelled due to Mother's day :(
UPDATE 1-Standard & Poor's revises JPMorgan outlook to negative
Everyone is doing great this year ;) #DancingWithTheStars #Jaleel is amazing ! 26/30
Carlos Santana - Chicago Tribune
I think it's a great idea. We had pizza tonight too, but not watching the Oscars. Doing science fair project instead. ;)
hope everything goes well
Can't keep it REAL? Get the fck from round me !
ugh im sick!!! its all your <U+2193> fault :P
CONGRATS!! RT : #POCGenealogy ..very excited this morning. 41 more views & my blog "The Family Griot" will make the 10,000 mark!
I'm on Nate's Mac and a road cone popped up on the screen and then disappeared and i'm scared I broke it and oh god no
Possibly. Little difficult to take work off....
Hard to keep my Carolinas straight. Well, not figuratively, I guess...
I really love SUPERNANNY. Though not quite in the way you love SUPERNANNY.
Loved reading Chairman of Integrative Med. at Beth Israel say to make a steam tent w/Thieves ess oil blend to fight colds
As I announced on Tha1 radio, I will be the official DJ of the SA Talons. Stay tuned for promos and give aways!
What item are you hoping to win tonight?
“Monkey Bite! : There is no manly way to eat a popsicle, is there? #summerisruined”
Ugh these certification classes are fucking with my potential plans
Thank you for your great work Chris!
its better than great
wait how exactly did she say she wanted it? & do i do both essays
RT : Happy Fat Tuesday, all. We're looking at a high of 79 with patchy fog in the morning and a 30% chance of rain.
or the best when you can sleep
I think he sold the baby
One.More.Hour.
- idiot its "moted" ha
#nowplaying Stevie B In my eyes
if You Love Youre fan You Love Anyway So !! Follow me And Be Friends
(1/5) We've reached the FINAL WEEK of our campaign & are asking for YOUR support to help us make our goal!
Tonight: Moon Taxi, The Shack Band and Pigeons Playing Ping Pong! Doors @ 8:30 Tickets $12.00 at the door!
#UKOneDirectionIsTheOriginal seriously. no ones ever heard of the other one
Here we go!!!
I just missed the bus. He pulled away as I ran up. & it's raining. Fuck you universe. I just want to get home after 24 hours of travel hell.
Send me your email if you want invite RT : excited to try #pintrest! Read about it 2x in 24 hours!
you are welcome!!! Thank you for studying with me!!! Hoping for the best!!!
Money make ya life better so fuck what they say!
ok here's what I think she probably wore gloves and then blamed someone else all she does is lie she needs a polygraph test
- Brian, appreciate your work. You know this. You going to seek out Minnefield?
r u ready 4 all stargame!!
I feel like i need a blessin.
Scanner Monitor Lewiston and Memphis Unconscious person in a vehicle.
Listening to Crazy Lixx's new album "Riot Avenue"...and of course I'm smiling ear to ear :) Long live sleazy hair metal!
Was not a Camille fan last season, but I am team Camille all the way this time!
Hi Kevin and Linda, thanks for your tweets about Scrubly. Please let us know how you like our app!
Don't forget that the fundraising committee is having a 5pm meeting tonight at the Boner Center.
Getting ready for Second City...
Watching a 9/11 tribute on #Fox_News. Very interesting, but it's still hard to watch the footage.
Another day, another crash marring the finish at the
follow back
My sinuses are so messed up I feel like
No freakin' way!!!
Swarming a permit march is weird. Slow bike race behind and around a leading cop car.
Y U NO TEXT BACK?
SB 1291 (Evans) was sent to the "suspense file," w/o objection from any members of the Senate Appropriations Committee. Negotiations R next.
Getting Rj's tux x) lol omg
when i'm at home is one of my favorites too
Thanks to SBS properties for allowing me to switch apartments! Ben and Donnie are awesome! I have had a wonderful experience with them!
Lucky you! Highlight of a fun cruise! :)
15 mins in the sun and im already burning... Great!
Molly: To the point of the endowment, I think we've used that as a maker of stability, not that we want to raid it.
The Ideas To select the Right Baby Nike Atmosphere Max Three ...
HAVE 2 WAIT A DAY OR TWO FOR PEOPLE TO RT
seriously or touch their legs and hug
I miss you love!
Hope you're having a rad birthday! Thanks for you RDS love!
My other sweater smells like you :}....it smells like shit.
TY 4 reminder. I followed links & educated myself more. In 90s I helped parents monitor internet. This is entire new level.
#Celtics is about to Show #OKC that they aren't the only team in the playoffs that can kill another team. By 20 or more.
cant wait to c u 2 omh we gonna have a blast!!!
At North Star Mall, then 2 Sam Ash 2 pick up $600 keyboard for daughter
Men are terrified of women. Don't believe me? Go use one of those decorative towels in the bathroom. I dare ya."
Three more followers and I break 900! Wonder if I can do it by my birthday in a month. Last year I was at 200 by this time!
I started lying about my age this year to people I don 't like. I'm not sure why.
Just completed a 1 hr 14 min workout with
Watching Hart of Dixie with Viggle Mon | 9PM | The CW Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I smell gravy
science class. watching a gross movie.
Oh yeah, rockin' it. Where you at?
which is not really a huge stretch, I mean come on seriously
Things between us , don't seem right anymore /:
I'm sure told you but we are in the cup final this Sunday.
but I stopped myself, though!
“It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go.” – Jim Rohn
I go home to Michigan for a week or two sometimes.. thats about it lol
I also listened to myself reading my topic sentences in my sleep for the Aboriginal one....
Gee which Guy Harvey should I wear today
I hit my head against a concrete wall and it hurt. Hahaha roid rage
HaHaHa...too funny and cute! :)
Here's to those Four little word's that make EVERYTHING better. " I love you Mommy!"
now I gotta listen to Dr. Buzzard today. Thanks.
only thing ima say is good luck with the whole series
This dumb blonde bitch, man fer real. Go die
want to set a date for Thursday?
There is no such thing as part freedom. -Nelson Mandela
Yes - I looked you guys up this morning after your tweet. Really cool and inventive idea!
. IS ON MY TV
Do you think they made the wax around cheese edible? You aren't supposed to eat bright colored objects but, red is so delicious.
Eileen: Special and corporate archives may be more open now than academic or public archives
A big shoutout to my homies in cohort A for winning last night's negotiation simulation. Nice work, guys. cc:
65-70 degrees at 3 PM NYC & surrounding 'burbs Barely any humidity! Nice feeling we enjoy in early Spring compared to later in the season.
delicious choices! Off to Distil for dessert or drinks? Or one of the dessert-drinks? :)
Our Gallery Talks are on Saturdays! This Saturday, at 4 pm, artist Raoul Middleman will discuss his arduous work. Come!
I've always been more of a Taylor Dane fan myself.
one of the most boring games on the schedule until 2012. I'd rather play EKU than most IU teams.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I'D DO WITHOUT #SAMPSON ??? HE LOVES ME AND I LOVE HIM BACK.... 2GETHER 4EVER SUCCESS
Old Scratch at Camden Yards
Plan ahead for your workout sessions and have snacks available before and after as well as water & possibly a sports drink for during
So many new thing on the way!
Cooked kale, spinach, and collards are crammed full of lutein and zeaxanthin, two antioxidants that may help protect against retinal damage.
seriously, cold, you win. in fact i conceded days ago. can't you just accept your victory and take your leave of me?
A BIG thanks to The and ALL of our swappers for a great swap today!
you better :'/
what does that mean? Haha...(:
Ex-La Follette golfer Max Hosking in a playoff for fifth spot with ex-Badger Paul Jacobsen and current Badger Thomas Welk.
Definitely Home Alone but also Dennis the Menace or Elf which are both awesome movies lol Merry Christmas hope it's great!(:
FYI: Thruway anticipates closing in both directions exit 24 Albany-exit 33 Verona. Please avoid the Mohawk Valley and seek alternate routes.
Ryan> you. LET ME BE OK
Polica at the Pabst Pub sounding awesome. Awe-some.
haha awh! thank damon, not us :D
I'm done school!
Great. 's admissions dept cannot get it together. I love GSU, but let's work on our communication skills, guys.
AWESOME...we hope to see you back on Wednesday morning!!!
Accused killer Louis Perez in court.. the evidence prosecutors say links the Marine to Brittany Killgore's murder.
Brady's pissed! Look the F out!
20 days till diving and lounging in the Florida sand with #scubavacation yes please
I've been doing Spoken Word since 2005, and the rules then apply now. GET OUT OF YOUR CITY.
Tonight and report on the humanitarian crisis in Syria. is live from the Syria/Turkey border 5pPT/8pET.
RT : Thanks & for this morning's webinar on #SSO options. Groundswell of interest out there>no doubt!
Adele could use someone like me. Or Jenny Craig.
The sports world needs another I know there is only 1 Bo...but man would it be cool if we could witness something like that again
Just providing you with one of your many to come life challenges. Stay Positive. I feel a Playoff Pick 6 & #lambeauleap 55
FINE. Just shouted you out and your song is on now!
you need to make #dicktuesday a trend all across twitter then put it in your show.
Great! RT Thank you #CBUS #pet lovers! 15 #cats, 3 chickens, 26 #dogs, 5 guinea pigs & 1 #rabbit found new homes this week!
haha. never got how a return to a fictional "happy hobbit-land of free peasants and independent small producers" was radical, tho
...i'll make it to the moon if i have to crawl... <3
AH IS COMING BACK TOO NYC FOR A CONCERT !!! AHH IM FREAKING OUT !! IM DEFINITLY GOING <333 #HAPPY :D
Wish I had someone who cared.. not only when they feel its convenient for them.
Headng into the home stretch to LifeWorks NW fundraising breakfast 4/16. OAMC getting ready for large group depart for Romania. www.oamc.org
Teens: Do u want to be just like everyone else or do u want to be more? Start making better decisions & stop listening to your friends.
Gearing up for double events tomorrow and Saturday.
followed back
awesome gig tonight.
The 5 states ranked worst to retire in are all strongly Democratic. Have been for decades. What a startling coincidence!
Taylor Gang or eat 2 krispy kreme donuts and wash it down with a 4 loko
Congratulations to David Bezmozgis for winning the Amazon.ca First Novel Award!
Glenn Close just arrived at the Film Society Lincoln Center Catherine Deneuve 2012 Chaplin Award Gala sponsored by !
Amen! RT : bill still alive. The "payback" for RTW is gr8 example of why folks r disenchanted with process.
worked 10 hrs, bid furnace & A/C, Went to son's ball game and now winding down...
Fuckin wide awake and watching a fucked up movie.
You ARE a good person. People like to target celebs. Screw them. it was an innocent mistake.
My pleasure! Thanks for the mention!
Indeed. RT : I'm covering that game, hopefully the attendance picks up.
You are so much better at communicating than I am.
sounds deliciously fun
You are NOT black!!!!
you rock my world!!! #JustSaying!
Go to www.redbirdstudio.com if your trying to get your face out there in acting.
quick summary on Weeden's progress since you guys skipped him on ?
My feet are cold. Not figuratively (this time), but literally. I'm going to put some socks on.
Weeks is lost at the plate. .171 from the lead off spot is killing the crew.
Much as I wanted RG3 for the Browns, that is way too steep of a price to pay. Glad Browns didnt overpay. Now have to nail picks Heckert!
RT what we #nonprofit don't do well is what Hollywood does beautifully... market ourselves
Santorum is the classic example of what can happen when a Catholic woman does not have access to birth control.
curious to see wat team takes a shot on Webb, he can help a club RT : MLB: Nationals to talk Webb deal at Winter Meetings:
jealous that is at tonight's #brewers game. Happy Zack Greinke Day!!!
The future of SA...lol RT ah no! Sucks! I was asleep in class hahaha but thank you :)
first candle
RT as the New Year approaches, what are you going to do differently with exercise and health?
diet???? Eat something!
sounds good.
After springbreak I'm pulling out the boat. Skippy
New oxymoron!! "Clean install of windows". :-)
Blessed are the pure in heart for they shall see God.
me too!! Ajxifehbtykxksb I wish I could /: I'm stuck in a hard place right now.
God is preparing us for our next season of favor. Incredible protection and favor is on its way. Act in your present season. I'm coming o…
i want my future marriage to be like khole & lamar <U+2661>
I admire your passion for ending corruption in India.. Keep up the good work :-)
3 hours is a breeze. It WILL get lower at home! Haha. Congrats Matt!
Well put!
Hello! I'm just here Tell you I got a career as a singer! I am personally mad I cannot be Verrified :( I would need to make a new account :(
i got graduation & then my girlfriend's & friend's graduation man. =\ what is the date?
RT : Take a sec and vote on your fav t-shirt design for #MMS12 (we may have a few to give folks at #MBD12)
wat up jae and u kno wat anybody that dont feel your xxl opinion is a fkn joke real talk way to keep it 100
It was a rough night
Go for it, should be a great bonding opportunity.
Become a lifelong learner. Expose self to new ideas. Take classes. Resolve to remain teachable. ~ Christiane Northrup, M.D.
Let's give him the best birthday present ever: the highest viewed video on YouTube!!
Ozzie Guillen suspended 5 games by
Dee's Cafe too, if you want a real punk rock bar slash pool hall. Jesus Lizard in the juke box.
RT : Give kids the chance to play youth football this summer and check out the new John Hawks Pub on July 12 -...
sure:D
have a safe flight...you're only getting further away from niall and his crew in la :(
That was a terrible call!
ATTENTION PUBLIX SHOPPERS!! If you can't properly maneuver the shopping cart with one hand, HANG UP THE DAMN CELL PHONE!!!
Wish my girlfriend was here so we can cuddle.
Harry Shum searching for "Hotels in San Francisco" retrieves his Friends and other People relevant to his query in Sidebar
I'm a mahomie, got a problem?
My god, the German Art Students' anti-Walker protest song is BRILLIANT. Welcome back, you guys. You were missed.
Come on Pacers...BEAT THE HEAT...and the REFS!!!
Yes,thanks.been checkin it.Hopfully she won't wait 2long to broadcast them :-)
I'll be back tomorrow if you wanna get in again.
I wish that L.A. children's hospital could be vacant for x-mas !
im merp:) if u were watching ustream u would get it haha xD
So glad Goligoski is ok that was a vicious play.
Put in baseball stadiums! #MakeItHappen...It would be wonderful!
wat up king of the mill???
#Aries wants to win big more than any other sign & will compete openly to b #1. Aries women r incredibly strong. Do NOT thwart an Aries Ram!
I Can Do Bad All By Myself
where can you buy hypnotic in DC?
Pissed! I ripped off a whole toe nail!
RT No longer tryin to convince people, what I can do or what I'm capable of, if u don't get it by now u never will...
Mowing the lawn!
ha ha my hubs is gone tonight too. I might have to join you :)
looking for a few more examples. What's your most ridiculous sports superstition?
Let your presence light new light in the hearts of people.
I now have a deadline for a poem and a screen play!!!! more details to come, so excited.
why THANK YOU Ron!! Right back at ya! A FAB FRI to you :) <U+2665> Aoede <U+266A><U+266B>
shopping in NewYork is Glorious.
haha! Thank you so much!! :)
If my friend described me how Christina Hendricks describes SJP, I would end things.
This configuration literally has three steps, and I cannot make it work
Higher ed admin. I think I told you this before; it feels too student services-y to me.
Looking for PV Installer study guides
Work with lots of youth sports organizations and would love to have those Wolves tickets. Let's find a time to discus
When will we see you around here? We can bring a MOB to the stores!!
The fact you are seeing it again makes me happy. It must mean its great.
Every man I see in a suit I imagine them being Christian Grey.
I will feel _______ in about 3 hrs....a.happy as hell b. mad as hell ...those r the only 2 options
Lol thx! Hit those high notes! :) RT : Atta girl, Desi. The sun will come out, tomorrow!
How about the minutes from Haddadi!
#nwill2011 K is using lots of videos, some of which were created in other units
Let's go Tebow!
You should have seen these Yupee clowns.
Have a great move! We'll miss you. Please wave from across the river! *muah*
An undefined problem has an infinite number of solutions. -R.A. Humphrey
Francona is gonna need a lot of bubblegum.
Who knew :: Geohumanities is a term that people actually use.
All of us here have our eyes fixed London via the US today...cause elite athletes inspire us all to move more...
Happy MLK day. Gearing up for the struggle with my kids to get them out and volunteering.
hm no clue!
Almost started to ask if you were *still* up but then I thought, of course. It's .
*your *you're *player
Hate Hartnell so much but gotta go Flyers.
Knock KnockWho's there !Chloe !Chloe who ?Chloe's Encounters of the Third Kind !
follow guys. please
Who has heard our new song? Who likes it? :)
We're a small press publishing books of site-specific creative nonfiction and poetry, usually created in collaboration with other art forms.
So, tired... got to work late, left early. Happy I made it there at all.
Back in #packexpo press room. Heavy interviews today.
So excited for the news:))))))
MITT ROMNEY has crazy glued himself to the PAUL RYAN'S BUDGET. He will DEMOLISH any hopes and dreams of a brighter future for EDUCATION.
Im ova my lil sister crib bouta crash on her couch
It's such a nice day for Gorgeous out!
AAHH!!! Leaving town that day! Next one
I don't think Mrs. Fitch knows what it means to "have 5 on it"
What's up everyone..
Can't say I disagree at this point, Simone was ugh and Tiah isn't killing it like she did at Bootcamp.
The only person that know what is really ever talking about is
text me dear
This category is meaningless without Bill Cunningham New York and Nim.
2012 is your year<U+2665> but maybe 2013 is the year that you have a tour in Asia :')
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 334
if you have trouble accessing them send me your e-mail address and I'll send them to you directly
Wake up , make money, try buy my new car, go home grub , skate, meet .
Welcome Rob Seideman of as one of our speakers! "Beyond the Line - Careers Outside the Kitchen".
That awkward moment when u think your taller than your friend then she actually stands up.
I *highly* recommend it. way faster then stock too.
your welcome :) and love the bracelet you show on facebook where did you get it?
full day of ministry ahead. Mass, premarital counseling, ladies' lunch, hospital visits. Thanks be to God!
This lady looks like Nicki Minaj. O.o
Katherine Heigl's ONE FOR THE MONEY. After seeing the trailer 13 times, I still don't get what its about.
- thank you for the mention!
Watch how Las Vegas ROCKS #TwitterMovie www.rileysfortune.com COMING SOON! Open to ALL Twitter Community!
I do that too, but it's weird thinking of people like reading something funny and sticking out their tongue as a response x)
I spent 64 min on phone w AT&T trying to get refund of $100 overcharge
Rt @ iamhealthyhair I just love you and your husband show.
GAHH this guy! This annoying guy! I want to punch a wall! If you only knew what he was typing to me! STUPID
I have a heartache.
Great recommendation Just had a listen and I think I might be loving The Bees too.
I already followed
So glad Grey's Anatomy is not a real hospital. Only watching cause Housewives should be on
via - Some Engineer Currently Designing Better ESPN Telestrator Instead Of Surgical Equipment
Off to NZ in less than 48 hours. Any tips for things to see in Queenstown?
i HATE hearing people grind their teeth!!
looking ass niggas ready to eat
I think they're similar in the way they say to rebel against govt oppression, but one's more survival and love, the other
Presenting on Twittervane project to mine URLs from tweets to aid in just-in-time web archiving selection.
I will have to try it next time I am in town. I usually only go to nada 4 drinks!
Can't wait to fall asleep at the waldorf for a few nights...
damn that sucks how did u break it:O
Listening to Austin mahone's cover of mistletoe in the car <3 :D
That's what it is.
Just realized the Jello pudding I ate for dinner expired last November :(
oh how fun hope I'm not bugging
thanks for following me! Mark
Looking for canvassers and telemarketers!!!!!!!! Home Improvement company!!!!
Why would you want to be lame .
Great class today with some fabulous teen actors! Yes, give the casting director an experience to watch!
Appreciate the retweets/mentions!
Hi did you follow ?She is a good actress and a good singer!She play in JONAS LA w/ the Jonas Brothers!Plz follow her
i keep thinking it's a ringtone!
DWade scoreless in the first half.
I love me, some cookies.
You know, it's one thing to hate on a writer/artist. It's another thing to do it publicly AND them in your hate posts. Yuck, y'all.
Just made chocolate blueberry protein pancakes for #breakfast. Amazing!!
Couldn't of asked for a better birthday weekend. All thanks to who I love so much. <U+2764>
*takes your hand, getting up* its not that. i do love you and i always will. *notices your limp* here, lean on me *moves closer*
I took two naps today and I'm still getting ready to fall asleep at 1050 on a Saturday night.
you have no taste in music
Getting a lesson in humility and conflict resolution too!
Is putting together abed we bought at Sam's Club!
When I get rich my bed room gonna have clap on lights lol
Get all 11 picks for only $50 or get 5 picks for $25! Great deal to get on our hot streak! Go 6-5 or better or money back GUARANTEED!
thought i heard u are coming to RF tonight? Be cool to meet you... Love listening to the show!
Encouraging nuanced thinking among the UGs! LOVE IT.
#IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend I think would be very jealous of me! ;)
Chick flicks & chocolate = GNI <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I do! I must admit that I'm a little burned out.
Is the #1414 part of a #CentralWaters #taptakeover? : Wednesday!
Just one more week until National Salvation Army Week May 14th-20th! Are you ready?
For my birthday on Wednesday, i really want to follow me! It would make my birthday pretty great!(:
Will I ever get to meet ? Sigh....
I'm sure the Masters had an amazing finish! But I didn't hav to stay n front of the television..
I'm looking for Baltimore artists to follow. Please recommend. Thx.
I hate being sick ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
FREE State College Spikes kids clinic Sunday, 7/10. If interested, call 212-520-8250 or email
Indians are doing everything they can to give this game away.
Nowhere for the work day to go but down after finding Pirate Santa. You'd better just take the rest of the afternoon off
dam for real. How he do
Get ready for a wet week Seattle. Anyone else wake up thinking they were on a boat?
Got enough sun to start lying about my ethnicity.
worst pain in my back, i feel like an old woman :(
"Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie" will premiere May 17th at Angelika in Dallas - Great Job, Ernest!!
Oh man. That was supposed to be in the piano tweet. Sorry, Rae!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY have big blue dream #BBN loves u and nervously await the decision of the next great player that will bring no.9
choose not a life of imitation
#houston Market Online Or Offline? The Ultimate Digital Age Question Online marketing is a tremendous tool for any business or indu
cannot WAIT for my c marque poster to arrive!!!!!!!!
Maher on Conan says he would rather been jerked off by a pop star than get bullied,still just trying to get off..Geezus!
lol i get off at 3
And that's the same reason why Elijah is my favorite original. He's mature and acts more his age, while his siblings act like teenagers.
Niggaz change all of sudden when u countin money..thats y im strap red beam cus I feel it comin
you should follow , an incoming UVA PhD student, scholar of Gaga and Blaxploitation among other things, and cellist!
I love you so much and I'm going now I'll be on soon *kisses* @>--/-
Shouldn't that be true everywhere? “: On , you're not just selling a product, you're selling a story. #swbay”
"It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not."
Pull up the tweet where i said "a lot" please
Osama just checked in on #Foursquare...There's a new mayor in hell... LOL!!
Planning my trip to India
Frustrating, isn't it?
Hardcore girl crushing on tonight!! Yeah :) haha
I don't know, I think it looks pretty sweet. The color will probably darken a bit yet.
He done put up with my bs its time for me to show him how much i appreciate having him as a friend...
New stuff coming along nicely. Prepare to be encouraged. :)
did you get to take the midterm late because of your....predicament/mental state?
were we playing Shannon?
#MAPACA conf was unique and fun! I loved the scholarly panel on cheesesteaks at Tony Jrs & wandering behind the scenes at New Century Trust.
young girls get more fun stuff!
Congressman shows good grasp of key points on US debt crisis "they say if you like sausages don't go to a sausage factory this is similar!"
Im stuck wit cha<<<
re: dependence on electronic systems | "What happens if there's a brown-out?" ensure functionality both on AND off the grid
Your base #Chakra is the color red. Wearing red underwear will really amp up your energy. Try it.
We are on our way to decorate & set-up a very fun, "airport themed" Bar Mitzvah that's happening tonight!!
Credit card debts can be written off. But what will happen to a service animal when their owner dies?
We like our coffee without the heartburn, thank you. is the world's only acid-free #coffee and we love it...
Im not getting kidnapped today gotta stay alert<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Love this weather today!
and I haven't talked in weeks up until now and it feels like we just talked yesterday. THAT is a true friend. <3
There's a lot of grown men tearing up right now.
watching jingle all the way! :)
$69 Divorce, Bankruptcy.. Call now. Weekend special. Child support, corporations, wills, deeds, power of attorney. Call now. 727 474 9988
ask me if i care? lmao
Real men's shoes. Eff sneakers!
It's okay...ive told the story 100 times...its still funny!
your a big deadskin fan, play football outside. Rodgers plays 8 outside home games. Brees plays good inside.
I walk onto set and within 5 minutes the make up artist/hair stylist passes me her business cards. That folks is how you hustle.
Our healthy chocolate line is featured in the bariatric journal. Lose weight by an alternative to
I think knows so much about the tornados because, as the NSA warned, #Anonymous causes them.
Watching scary movie :D
Tutoring from 3-430. Lifting After so i dont miss a single step. Fucked up before but I promise I won't let my teammates down this year.
Grazie mille!! :) (I saw you speak italian!)
LOLZ. you have to remember, I'm the girl who married a "creepy internet guy," so you're A-OK in my book!
Drew: Why is this door locked? Tysan: That door handle doesn't move.
Thank You! Delicious.
Oh God, don't ask David Gregory to "analyze" things, ffs. He's there to look like a silver chimp.
A fix to the problem? Or simply attempting to take a whack at the symptoms? Definitely watching this one
My brian feels like Seahorse Stew.
haha, that happens. What are you doing to enjoy the week?
ha. coldest room in the house, too. It'll be nicer when I give it paint, curtains, and built-in bookshelves sometime this spring.
Hope you a great BDAY. I wonder if i gave you my #. if you would text it.LOL. aha.reply back if you would,just to say whats up
Two elements of successful leadership: a willingness to be wrong and an eagerness to admit it.
#SometimesAllAGirlWantsIs some coffee and a date to a concert
I really admire this blind man that works out up here due to the fact that he cares about his appearance & can't even look at himself.
what happened to it?
thank god lol my texting is off, so keep n touch online.
The ignorant person has an obsession for action. He becomes involved in and attached to what he does.
lol already done GOOD LUCK!!!!
Alicia Keys looks like an alien. Beam me up Scotty!
definitely not.
Only the wife of a multi-millionaire can afford to be a "stay-at-home mom" these days.
I meant to do that. Maybe they'll listen.
100% of the time you already know what you want yet u look for conformation #stop I'm guilty of this so I can speak on it
I'm still the dork I was in high school, and that feels pretty good to be honest
oh cool
Loving a hometown competition! Solos & duo rocked the house! Looking forward to groups tomorrow! Don't forget to set those clocks ahead!
Is anyone not watching their tv right now?
Emotions are always in motion! To base a long-term decision on a short-term emotion can be disastrous.
GOOD AFTERNOON RUSHERS AND FELLOW TWITTER PEOPLE
using twitter on a psp sucks
when was the last time I actually did something on a friday night...
Yeah, Biden isn't much of an opponent. I want to see a real debate with the current occupant of the White House and West.
are you one of the girls in your avi? You are very pretty and just be yourself it will come naturally
That awkward moment when you go shoe shopping and almost forget to take off the shoes you were trying on... (: haha
Keys to social media games per Brian Reynolds of Zynga: play (fun), express (show success to others), invest (do things that will pay off ).
Great times! last night :)
En route to Light Show Bob's to start shooting Episode 2!
Seattle, the Arboretum is the HH cocktail today 5 dolla until 8pm. You'd be a fool to miss out.
Texas TOMORROW!! Then get to see Wednesday.
When i get a text i hope its him.:)
And now Jamie Moyer has scored! Bring back the Senior League of Professional Baseball!
We just posted a newsletter about this. Mental anguish can also cause physical pain. So important to take care of the mind.
hi if you liked the song #BOYFRIEND BIEBER RT
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend. -Henri Bergson
Silly me forgot I bought non smear lipstick when I kissed the letter smh
Aye Chicagos where its at !
Fuck! Im so fuckin nervous and excited I can't concentrate on this game for shit!!!! Let me drink this wine and fuckin shine. Dale bitches!!
awesome! oh wow idk why I thought u were already here lol! ur gnna love it if u do! :))
Ok, don't call me and leave a VM with an out-of-service phone number. I lose sympathy. Oh, who's kidding. I never had any. #library ;)
RT They are going to discuss the fiduciary regulation re-proposal. Of course, it's only informal, non-binding, etc. etc.
Join us @ Midway today as we share in Praise & Worship with good people, good music and a good word. What will be great is 2 greet you there
Ozzie Guillen we were all waiting for the dumb comments
Because he/she missed the opportunity with you or is just a big nerd?
At this years Portland Auto Show you'll see the Fisker. It's made in Finland. 2000 were ordered before one was built. See at 4pm
Gotta stop waking up in the middle of the night...
At least the yuppies of the 80's had cocaine!
Trying to get organized with the kids summer schedules
still on recovery mode kid, I haven't worked on over a week , see the doc on Wednesday ...
Content mgmt, digital asset mgmt prohibively expensive for nearly all museums, but makes us less efficient
3 day weekend!
Listening to the song my Dad dedicated to my siblings and I.
uuuhhhhhmmmmmmm.....alright..? d:
It shall be one of those weekends: good times, good people & good drinks.
I think there are more who would be interested but may need to get hooked remotely -- web tutorials
Just did the hardest intense workout ever I feel amaziingg
Highly anticipating that new De La Soul album 2011.. Cmon now...I crave for the real classics..
You may ask yourself..."same at ever was".... First one to answer me gets an awesome pair if Padres tix. Which group?
That's awesome!!! I'm praying for that new relationship today.
Don't feel like goin home in gettin dress
"Everything is part of the life cycle."He said.Same kid who once said,when I told him he was on my last nerve,"Well God is the first nerve."
Me three!
And what will you be doing in Orlando?
FLP = the BEST networkmarketing company on the planet! My wife resigned after 28 years with another company, is so happy for FLP now!
He was at #ChefsforFarmers. Let me know when you are coming next time so we can make it up to you.
I love Mike! He representes Indy everywhere he goes!
r u currently in the southern hemisphere?
I think i like skrillex...
Wat u DOIN for the day
I'm aiming for cities that van cause such confusion. Night!
So cool. Let's see some pictures! RT : Computer controlled knitting this afternoon following instructions from :-)
*TRAFFIC* NB I-83 @ W Cold Spring La, North Balto; Auto accident. NB I-83 is CLOSED.
haha u read my mind!
Thanks for the shout out!
Facebook makes communicating easier with SMS, email, instant messaging, fax, smoke signals . By doing what? adding another layer! Yay!
Michigan State should be worried!!
I'll email it to you what's your email?
Eager for tonight's #Widespread Panic show at the #Orpheum in
I had the volume cranked, and then when a song ended I realized I was missing a thunderstorm outside \m/
Great week at the salon, now it is time to kick back and relax!
& at Hammonds House talking Dreamgirls, HIV, Community & Sheryl's new book.
Hey guys looking forwards to meeting up with like minded people. When is your next meeting?
Happy birthday Princess . I love you.
Great article from about how Brian Shaw got screwed out of the Lakers' job. #GoGauchos on.si.com/sTl448
Haha how about "how we can love each other even more" survey?
What's wrong?
does it come with wheels and handle bar accessories? You know, to convert it into a motorcycle.
Mud wrestle!
Good to know! Thanks a mil! :-)
HAHAHA that almost makes me wish i was home just to hear him talk about the evils of "refined white sugars"
Trend Spotting of 2011: Kardashian Klan Lead Animal Print Fad (PHOTOS) Celebrities showed their spots this year, and they were usually le
They tell me to wait till after the weekend ... but I dont think I can wait that long...
Vikings pick up with their 29th pick a STD
- its because you are my role model...
": My mom doesn't like that fact that I have ink on my body ....."well I do lol
i knew it!!
Good morning!
DRUNK AND SUPER EXCITED FOR THE SUPER MOON!
OMG yes! Ate Ben&Jerry's Cherry Garcia, sat in the very front row & cried several times during the movie
All that has been figured out, except ways to live.
I will never refer to East 14th St. as "International Blvd." That shit just does not compute.
It took me months to clean up and make corrections in 6 #Ravel manuscripts before #premiering the works (for chor & orch) in Paris in1988.
33rd st 7-11 is out of bananas. More coming this evening. I'll keep u posted.
Why thank you for the #FF!
Shouldn't have worn black socks with all white shoes
some random dude
: Forgot my purse at chumleys... At least I didn't forget my schooner.
Owen Pallett in the Sett tonight! His first ever night with the full band! Out first ever full band in the Sett!
RT : OH: I lived in Germany. We didn't call it Oktoberfest, we called it Tuesday.
Thanks for the #FF . . . your sandwiches are delicious!
Russell Wilson is going to make Seattle the new Portland.
darned fishers...I've actually been craving a tenderloin from Nickel Plate lately, but can't drive all the way up there today
exhausted but so happy after being #AtTheWH! what a great day & we even shared it with some friends!
Girl you my favorite <3
Getting a mani-pedi with my girls!
A person can either make you loose your desire or they can add to it!
Today is Random Acts of Kindness Day. How can you brighten someone's day?
My year as Miss Urbana 2010 is coming to a close, but I will continue to support the hard work of - love the work they do! <3
My dude is spinning for Ian Carey tonight, and dropped in one of our unreleased tracks. #sostoked by the response :)
#awesome: older students teach the younger ones how to create Qr codes!
yes!! So so beautiful!
ah! You're in grad school?! For what? Where? I feel so out of touch! Fbook message me we need to catch up lady!!!!
nah, she just graded it as it was :p :/
We been in the studio working our ass off were coming back
Yarrow: Do not doubt your strength. Do not walk away. You are the 1st time this has happened in so long I can't you. Do not stop.
you don't have to share to be taken care of. You can still have your own. You should share too lol
Having a crush on somebody sucks!
brilliant! :) hope he's okay
This just in! is sponsoring MobileUXCamp DC 2011! Thanks for the continued support!!!
right? But pics of naked beer bellies are ok though
#OnlyInMilwaukee do females think livin in low income, havin plenty quest, and using child support 4 everything but...mean they on they shit
tell me about it. at least my loyalties were split with wisconsin, so i didn't make any rash decisions.
Cubs Game tonight!!
I smell like kimchi...
Could seriously kick my own ass for having so much shit.
“Content Strategy 101”, a Workshop. Laura Creekmore,
Showtime's Shameless gave a shout out to Al's Beef. If you're from Chicago you know Al's is the shit!
I'll help!
And who eles
Just read a G+ post from an artist who was bothered that he sold a painting to someone rich.
I used to have a fear of hurdles, but then I got over it
i've texted three people and so far no replies cough cough jada
7,000 ppl at the #Indians game when barker had the perfect game in 1981 19games in 1st place still struggled w/attendance
We both had the short rib pot pie, delicious!
Lady in the Lake.
i'll try to arrange for a sofa to be placed in the bar on friday :)
^ Pastoral Passion The lingerie store where my aunt works was crowded with shoppers selecting Valentine’s Day gifts for their wives. A...
is it just me or is everybody and their mother sick right now?
Since the badgers couldn't go on, Marquette was suppose to make it. Who am I gonna watch if Jae Crowder isn't in the tourney.
I learned how to dance kumbia! I just need to move my hips and turn... c:
watching Chronicle
Doh. I hardly saw either… sneaky bastard. Wanted to check out your new book!
I added ages 4 and up to your review, based on the publisher's recommendation. Should it be younger?
ok thanks!
lots of social media sites have legal issues starting up...we'll see!
Love you more babez! Sorry i keep ditching haha <3 my name is Kelsi.
Do you like the finer things or are you a simple woman?
In exactly one week from this minute I'll be landing in Los Angeles!!!!!! get ready ladies B-)
TIME TO DO IT.
This is cool, LH.
just do fast pickups in the middle of your run... Like 8 x 1 min hard with 1 min easy in between
I'm so cold, morning go to hell! D:
nun......can yhu follow me nd my friends nd I official group prior 2 OFWGKTA
#shawtymane & #breezy on yet another track! Keeps getting better and better! But I think Ladies Love Me needs a video now?(;
It can boost your happiness to spend at least 30 minutes per day outside. Try taking your lunch to the park or walking this afternoon.
enjoy the beers
just move back and be my section buddy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Cherry Creek has held off Fairview's bid to dethrone the Bruins as 5A champions.
thx for the explanation! you'll have to give us a try...if the tights didn't scare you away that is.
Looking for a Thai recipe to cook salmon curry dish, got suggestions?
where you been stop by the shop Homie
Staying in this weekend, feels good to rest.
Red Hook, Brooklyn/Habitats - Where New York Comes Up for Air From their apartment on Van Brunt Street, atop a small red-brick building,
Ah freaking out so happy made it to the final. Can't wait to watch him shine as the American Idol. :D
Happy Monday #SanDiego! Who used a #car2go this weekend? Where did you go?!
good to hear :) just about to graduate, so i'll be in louisville really soon! (coffee?)
We have a new song online right now on our page!!! Facebook and myspace!!! wohooO!!
Someone give me a shout out I'll give one back....
LOAN OFFICERS: My friend Brandon is adding more originators to his team for 2012... Commissions ranging from 100 bps - 150 bps depending on…
I found UK to be less terrible, not perfect but not film-ruining. Don't recall NZ being bad, but that was 15yrs ago.
Waves 2my new followers
I'm fuzzier in person. no, the mucus isn't always there.
I did not know they played a game on good Friday either.
5 days at the hospital starting tomorrow! New treatment
RT : I JUST BROKE MY NATURAL BORN KILLERS DVD IN HALF. OMG MY LIFE IS OVER that sucks
when people ask me what i want for Christmas the first thing i say is !!!;)
Just2Ari is my new username but I love SelGomez more! Like it? I kno u do >=D
Yeah, I'm sure that's what my boyfriend of two and a half years thinks too, faggot. Isn't that right, ?
oh I want to retweet that so so bad. I love you! That was the longest we talked in such a long time. <3
please Follow Me
BRB = I Don't Want To Talk To You . Cool = I Don't Care . LOL = I Have Nothing Else To Say .
anytime....we have lots of good information to share. look forward to speaking with you
If u need a friend text me! If u need a hug ask me! If u need some extra cash!.. I'm just gonna go ahead and log off now!
Thank you for the Valentine's Day Cards for Kids!!
Hungry. Tired. Sore. But ready to suck it up and still work my ass off!
The only man i fear is the one who can cast my soul into hell, my carpentry teacher told me that one,lol
Up and out. Let's make some miles.
have you seen 's debut video? 13k views in the first day. See why #IrishDance + #Dubstep = Awesome
Our client, a global law firm, is seeking a Knowledge Manager in NYC! Familiarity with knowledge management technologies, document managem…
Pretty cool hey! All good thanks. Hope alls well.
were gona practice more and mess with some of our strategies
About to send our first jobs email to those that opt'd in
Seen in a blog comment: "Democrats work to achieve Bedford Falls. Republicans work to achieve Pottersville. It's a wonderful life."
Being called weird is like being called Limited Edition. Meaning you're something people don't see that often. Remember that.
Them niggas pussy! Call em camel toe
noo Starbucks will make us fat! And fuck your tire I'm sorry I couldn't fix it :(
I do it every day. Does that mean I have to go to Calgary now?
My roomates are grilling brats.. I need to get outta here before I eat every last one
Good Eats.
Have a wonderful thanksgiving everyone! Remember to be safe, and let us do the driving! 773-561-4444
the lakers have Kobe
GOOD MORNING DOE WORLD
I'm ready to go home
yes! he's guaranteed to get a ton of AB's and will be on the bases no matter what... (unless he gets injred AGAIN)
Nothing is Impossible for my God. He's able to do exceedingly & abundantly above all that I could ask or think.
Somebody call me I'm up thinking and I feel like chopping it up on some real ish
yes I was. I was there for broadcast production. Sorry for late reply just saw this
I tell her about the things I see & all I learn from Twitter and it's so different from her experiences.
#RIPMCA the beastie boys won't be the same !
Suddenly overcome with feeling of inadequacy: can't remember "15, 16" line in the "1, 2, buckle my shoe" sequence.
If Blake Griffin is overrated, then so are the Kia automobiles that he endorses... oh, wait...
Argues for metadata tagging of indigenous-meaningful info in Native collections; use of Native (not colonial) placenames, etc
no prob coach. You watching the draft?
sweet! looking out for the details!
Been awake for an hour and a half and still in bed
haha aww :') donkey back ride. :p
And today is still going to be a good day!! :-)
People believe so much and know so little.
"Man, an ingenious assembly of portable plumbing" - Christopher Morley
Final grind.
"refudiated"? Are you taking English lessons from Sarah Palin now?
I need to get booked again to babysit
Just nonchalantly used the phrase "the bee's knees." I forgot that my 92nd birthday was today.
smile in my face thats what i dont like
Lol pretty much its gon be one of those nights!!
Oh got a solid 1 1/2 hours of sleep.. Gonna be a long day!
thanks for follow, back atcha. Have a good weekend.
A close friend of Alice Paul! #herstory RT Happy Birthday Lucy Burns (1879)! National Woman's Party founder and leader
Friday at Wine Cellar #mtadams, 9pm.
That Moment Of Shame When an Automatic Door Doesn't Open For You."
Thanks for the RT! I think you might know the sexy actor who inspired Grant Madsen. ;-)
Congrats - this looks tremendous.
I spy all of at the Lagwagon show! Fuck yeah dudes!
Same! Me and were legit just talkin bout that like 30 minutes ago
wi totally just saw this. I'll send them to you!
Oh, have you gotten tickets to come out here yet?
followed u guys back!! i'm a Big friend&fan :) take care :)
Think of your 5 best girlfriends. Statistically one of them will be sexually assaulted before she graduates college
Impractical jokers is this freaking funny as heck
that's funny. I am leaving SEA for SJC...
Camping has something for everyone: Today, more than a half-century later, these exquisite destinations with world-class sights and a...
#OutoftheLoop If you feel there is a wall in your life, you out it there. There aren't any walls; Jesus pulled them down
<U+FFFD> But it<U+FFFD>s wishful thinking to believe that others on the <U+FFFD>me too<U+FFFD> bandwagon will survive
very funny!
had kid call me once at station sayin somethings wrong with ur line keeps makin eh-eh noise I said its a busy signal
I'm on my laptop and cant see the emojicon, what is it? a VAGINA? lol
congratulations. Wishing you much happiness.
If you're coming to the Kaiser office in Bonita, leave early...they're redoing the parking lot
Thx so much; I'll pass these to stdnts. You made some converts today. Stay tuned for dissertations in 4yrs or so.
that nigga Alan start laughing skie swear soon as I ask
I love this picture so much.
best day ever so far <3
There is nothing like letting someone discover something for them self. Being able to construct such experiences is an art.
monster flick?
I will open my mouth in parables, I will utter hidden things, things from of old what we have heard and known, what our fathers have told us
what even is it exactly? Lol
Spotted: walking up J street with his momma. Nice to see you out and about good buddy!
We booked 15 people for a commercial shoot in Memphis yesterday! And more to come! WOOHOO! NY's turn! :))
It's not enough to be creative. You have to have the research to back it up, too.
Brett Blumenthal of #behealthyboston talking about small changes to make a difference at
Thanks so much for the awesome shout-out, Mandy! We'll be sure to keep it coming ;-)
fixed my car door. woop
Can't wait to see Avengers!
Now following and im following u with my other account that's my record label account
I had such a terrible childhood I always wanted to stick my head in an Easy-Bake oven.
The biggest mistake that you can make is to believe that you are working for somebody else. -E. Nightingale
Foul by Robbie Rogers (USA).
Before I met you, I didn't know what love was, I only thought I knew. Now that I do, I'm never letting go not matter what.
RT : Don't miss 2012's first Morning Report! Check out big Qs in the mayor's race, the most popular of everything & more....
says "I dont care if U can play drums." "I come to hear u sing and play guitar like everyone else not play the drums."
Woot! "Mind blown" is our favorite metric. RT : just introduced me to and totally blew my mind!
Legos & Stuffed Animals pulled from drains this week, something clogging your drain? Give us a call 919-325-0180
I don't want a perfect girl, there its almost to original, there is something about flaws that are beautiful
Could you text me that pic of the family
good guess. and I descend from coffee people.
UN needs to become much more democratic. Allowing the SC a veto would be like allowing the 13 original colonies a veto in the Senate.
Dear Rep Weiner: I'm sad & angry that a bold, insightful, funny, intelligent, and unafraid voice now cannot help so many causes I hold dear.
Thank you for the RT!
“: Feeling ready. #masters” -- He must finally be getting laid regularly. Go Tiger!
Hey Roses!
You never know the next man's pain. Don't add to it
What is your favorite board game?
Noche de Luces, Casa San Ysidro, Corrales, 5pm. Ornament making, traditional New Mexican holiday music, cookies & cider in the corrals FREE
Feel free to give us a call in our office:951.925.3808 or e-mail: and we'll help any way we can
Happy New Year gorgeous girls!!!!!!
A busy day at Cornell: "Sound" scholars presenting work at AD White House, culminating with Norie Neumark.
lol i defiantly dig the hair
hey don't forget what want to do. I was js that i think we'd asking for it if we went to cali.
- in tears over what you endured but grateful at your release. The ESGT cmmty sends love
I have been sucker-punched by the pollen count.
I can make you squirt, & if I can't we sure as hell will have a lot fun finding out.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. -Mahatma Gandhi
i've enjoyed myself.
Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing
Nothing slated right now. Most likely 2013!
hahaha it's not THAT bad!
Children begin by loving their parents. After a time they judge them. Rarely, if ever, do they forgive them. -- Oscar Wilde
We woke up to a thunderstorm this morning in #KC!
OK so why is #Twitter suggesting I follow ??????
Meryl. How I do admire thee!!
I got it! Can't wait to read.
Space is a good thing, sometimes.
is my new favorite show. I love it!
Can't wait till fathers day.
Thanks. I'm keeping my fingers crossed.
Life isn't about finding yourself....Its about creating yourself.
don't be surprised if i show up on your doorstep one sunday morning
miss ya too :)
ITS MONDAY #TIMESHARE #OWNERS ONLY 2 DAYS LEFT OF THE HOLIDAY SPECIAL!!
And he def deserves to be called on that exclusionist nonsense. I hope you keep going despite it!
What is this "TV" that speaks of?
Stunning paper. Nice eye!
Yeah, you'll love it. I'm in Phoenix. We should grab coffee or sumsing when you're in town.
We're a partnership company at Facebook
Fuck fame fuck money fuck anything anyone can take from
That which is not data does not exist
Watched Waiting for Superman. When will we stop denying our system is broken? Education needs to change! Great documentary, very moving.
Apparently Nancy Pearl flies first class. ;-).
you do!!
i dont have the patience to look through my mentions
I'd friend if she ever invited me for dinner.
College Football Conference Realignment = Soap Operas, for Men
I love the personal branding & American Psycho moment of comparing biz cards. "MY GOD, IT EVEN HAS A WATERMARK."
Have a Boo-tiful day! Happy Halloween.
RT : St. Patty's day show at Brick By Brick with PunchCard, three fifths human, bad bruno, sly cabrillo, and Bedpost Buzzards!
We are giving away 4 free tix ($48 value) for Alice In Wonderland at the Palms at 7pm tonight! Location of tix coming in 5 minutes...
My issue is the Vario was my first "real grinder", so nothing to compare it to. Good enough? Maybe. Could it be better? Maybe..
I want to lip his stockings.
sent you an email so we can set up a time to talk about your topic. :)
very true
any teasers from the first night in the field in WI?
being socially awkward is a choice. We were all teenagers once. I grew out of it.
"it's as much as it is as what it is not" - of the circle and the line, i think i'm the circle...
connecting! Happy Friday :)
hey boo. Hope you're well!! Miss your face :)
Some how I am now in talks to adviz Berklee Spain on their new scoring space. Worldwide reach? I know I have it.
They're still in planning stages and will let me know.
didn't expect that but boy were we excited
Shipments booked with BlueGrace #Logistics? Check.
mybad i should have said bye but yall was no where around
is the news analyst of record during this crazy cultural moment! Follow her on #Twitter and watch her on !
And does she know? Know about the times you used to hold me, wrap me in your arms and how you told me I'd be the only one?
A whopping ONE whole run from the buccos tonight.
Thank you :)
Free taco from california tortilla
thanks Brandon!
Following a well planned trading strategy leads to predictable profit increases. Patience and following a good plan makes all the difference
Lesson learned... ALWAYS give a gift on valentine's day
saw your video w/ Brett! He's great. Went to 2009 Mapping The Desert Symposium w/ him in Hebidge's grad class :-)
Day 2 in Oakland!
your so cute :) hah
I read your novel The Man shortly after it was 1st published & we emailed a few times. Both fans of the LSH. :) is me
May the Fourth be with you!
Haha can't release yet!!!! I'll send it to when project gets posted :)
I dont think so
Ears r ringing again
thanks for the tweet- great story, Heather!
thats like asking, "do you wanna have fun?" lol what kinda shit is that? whats going on? any particular reason for starting this again?
10-16-84 Ernie Ladd beats Magnum T.A. in #Shreveport for his 5th and final North America title reign #prowrestling #NewOrleans RIP Big Cat
Congrats to the outstanding women of on all of the Greek Excellence awards! Proud to be an #AXO!
haha like a monkey
Excited for dinner and #AgTalk with my fellow ladies of #agriculture!
Repump on JAMN that won't last. Profits are already taken.
Hilarious. Great show last night homie - you owned
"I think you sound crispy titties." "Is that a good thing?" "Not crispy like a chicken breast". Listen to Episode 4 and send feedback!
I love you and I will always be her for you. My love and prayers are with you and your mom. She is a survivor just like you. :)
There's a certain irony when a businessman converts poop into money then uses the money to buy a piece of wall street. #equivalence joke
damn there's a house party right behind my crib that is showing NO signs of ending anytime, ever. Long night/short morning.
Thank you so much for the RT! Appreciate it very much! Have a great day! :)
Toby Jones as Bill Morris #the UrsulaNordstromstory
Can you be into fruit? Because I think I'm kind of into strawberries lately.
To those of you who have "liked" this page, my sincerest thanks!
Just talking to on omegle. Haahaha :)
Great to hear Randy. We're working up the Malvern Hill Battle App right now.
Still thinking & daydreaming :)
Happy President's Day! is OPEN for our great customers! Today Flounder/Lenguado specials.
Can u carry on a hair straightner?
All my twitter drafts disappeared and I am overly upset about it.
I believed its spelled opossum
read my status the other day on facebook and started crying...wtf did i say!lol
nothin much just workin church and music. how bout you? hows the A
ill tweet you a pic when I'm all ready and gorgeous :)
Hi, Heather. Thanks so much for the congrats. And congrats to you for your interview at the REP! Awesome place to intern. :)
totally! I keep playing my apps... lolz
I'm about to drive in the ocean.
then mine should be to use less ellipses... but they're so fun!
We got Aaron an I-Tunes card--which we purchased perhaps Tuesday or Wednesday. The card was also mailed Wednesday.
lets just run out of here. feels like weve been in her for a year..... .!...
her fav thing to say , " dont worry i got it " !
wanted kim to win #biggestloser. disappointed. but thankfully it wasn't conda. you deserved it kim!!
sorry dude you changed. Sorry dude godda #chamgetegame #Kronum!
Getting closer and closer to #summer ! :D
Nope, no one likes that at all!
Is there any chance the Nov. 13 game with DET gets flexed to 7:15?
If I to be a architect.......haha I don't want
RT : Can you help us in AL & RT please? Homebrew Bill #HB354 may die without help....
I hope somebody records this ustream. I will love you forever and ever, loool. :]
this Friday of I make it on the plane. (Flying stand by). I'll be in Eugene the weekend before you leave. Maybe sooner.
thinks rap battling should be like a sport where all the top guys compete for millions. Just needs the American Idol producers behind it.
Oh yea....I'm takin advice 4rm YO ass hm!!!
Let's capitalize boys
1/2 price #wine flights @ Montage Wine Bar & Tasting Room today. 304 Liberty St., Morris, IL, 60450.
I'll spread my wings & I'll learn how to fly, I'll do what it takes 'til I touch the sky..
omg wow
Friends of Henderson Libraries Used Bk Sale is in full swing all day today @ Gibson Library! Come on down, get a great deal & help your lib!
the funniest thing is he a suburban kid trying to act hard
native foods is delicious!
Yes, I go back on the 14th. Hope to come to London - got a sofa I can crash on?
3 of the things I look forward to most in Holland are Nasi, Bami and Saté.
"What You Get When You Hook Up With The Power Company: Support of a local monopoly."
go you!!
succumbed--I ordered a case from AMZN of the parm garlic. Wishing I'd opted for 1-day vs. 2-day tho!
is # 1 in kids and family on - not bad for our debut into the #iTunes world, eh?
Samsung Galaxy S3 is mine!
Heck this time last year I was about out of candy. Oh well more for me.
RT If I have to chase and fight for your attention, eventually I won't want it anymore.””"
we're very excited to have you at
Ides of march... I have a feeling it's going to be a weird day... like a full moon but weirder.
Waiters just taking over! GO #CUSE!
Ate some strange mushrooms from the backyard and now Tenacious D's Pick of Destiny makes sense.
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be. ~ Socrates
Don't listen to the haters. It's a long life. Hang in there.
There would seem to be something inherently illegal about Walker placing fake candidates on a ballot.
Actually "Garp" was my first hint that there was someone living in the same world as me.
I try ever night to get noticed by u but it doesn't happen :( will it take to get amazing u to follow me please follow <3333
you are honestly so sweet! Thank you for loving me!! I love you WAY MORE than you know!! (:
alright then I'll do my best :p
its hot as fuck in here !!!!
This next mixtape is gonna be dope.
Its crazy how I lost my voice at a little friendly gathering?
actually it takes mad skills to be on the phone while rising the bus and standing, I could poke an eye out ;)
- gotta make a decision.. Who I wanna chill with this weekend.. I got oh so many junts... I feel like a hoe! Naw ihts called pimpin! Lol
Life isn't a dress rehearsal so love life and live it to the fullest.
Yet again they tweeted democracy, equality, justice, and freedom
#imagine Austin:i fall for her everytime she looks in my eyes Alex:who?? Austin:*yourname* (smiles)<333 -anna
Hello Salt Lake City!
“: it's too bad everyone isn't here to listen to me experiment with new hilarious laughs” u, dear hilarious stranger, r awesome!
Club Sirius tonight! Downtown SA. Pre thanksgiving bash! No cover 21+ welcome. I'll be live in the mix all night! Amazin drink!
I hate guys at school >:T I'm tired of my crush going out with the same girl after breaking up with them 3 times!
Teacher: Whoever answers my next question can go home. *Boy throws bag out the window* Teacher: Who threw that? Boy: Me, I`m going home
Whew! I'm spent. Think I need a cigarette.
they clearly need Bogut back. The offense runs through him. Haha.
I hope so!
I am having some problems with TrueTwit validation service. They seem to have turned into a commercial for DishNet. Any ideas?
Thanks for the RT, isn't that video amazing?
If your Boss has to give you the same set of instructions Twice, you only deserved 50% of your salary that month.
Them and i will email the memo to you :-) good night! XD send me an email if its ure first time n its never limited u can talk to me bout
City Hearts was founded on the belief that the arts can and do help rehabilitate troubled youth who are plagued by drugs and gangs.
I shared that with everyone at work. They didn't find it as funny as we do.
Flashbacks of watching your phone tumble in slo-mo!
RT : Driving around to spot building to lease. Anybody know of any? TY Much <3 :)
Also, the Scottish Invasion continues with #KrisBoyd joining Spencer and Co. at the House of Pane in 49 days
#kids The Magic School Bus™ Kicks Up A Storm at the Museum of Nature & Science at Dallas Museum of Nature & Science - Science Building,...
I'M OFF OF HOUSE ARREST ASSHOLES.
waiting for client feedback = worse than being a kid waiting for xmas. I no longer care if you love it or hate it, just let me know already!
Quite rainy evening at home.
Watching and playing Just Dance in ballet TuTu's <U+E429>
aaghh i feel liek shitt, ! is anyone else upset they cant go to fashion night out today ?!
I have feeling if I leave my computer up someone gonna call me oovoo... But I don't feel like turnin it off
Boa my fn' feet hurt !
Couldn't join our Sunday group yesterday bc i went to my daughters track meet so I got my 10.5 miler in today.
brandy we want to hear your rap single, any?
#youmightbeanautismparentif you've considered naming certain teachers in your will.
yep haha :) I can't wait 'till schools out
Oh my goodness! Congrats and so well deserved!!!
GET DOWN!
Valentine's Day is coming up. Just twelve days left! How about tea for two?
I'm taking a walk in woods today.
Thanks for the enthusiasm! Unfortunately the #NYintern project is only open to those who are 18 years or older.
why are the Patriots so confused on D
Bowling with the buddies:D
We take it that you mean "modern" pejoratively?
I miss my pillow....
Abusive Border Patrol Agents w/ Nun Chucks at NM Checkpoint
I would guess it made me more sympathetic toward the parents in Tweak, more aware of the family complexities
All man MLB 2K12 Sydney Birthday Party
Hello im trying to write a book but I need help with a sentence or two. Can u help me?
Wow--powerful to see current and past teachers at two-year colleges stand alongside 2-year attendees. *Lots* of folks here.
want to say it was post-lockout, along with trapezoid
(Sorry, everything.)
thanks for the follow Peter!
If you need help getting Austin to follow you and want me to dm him, just ask!!:D
Tonight at launchpad kdp, twist of fate,blue felix from mn, badass mofos, and the one and only Die as you fall.. Doors at 8pm
Bob, Dylan is our sales team!
We've allowed Weeds & Crack to Damage Our Foundation and Over Shadow our Beauty. Duchess-Robinson 2012
All the blogging advice I've read says not to be negative and complain, and yet my complain-y posts are by far the most popular. hmm.
Steak n Shake dude = redheaded Jackson Rathbone
I wonder how feels right now...</3
#ThingsIReallyCantStand , People Who Lie !
Beston article was in one of 2011 Fine Books mags. Tried searching 4it online but not there. Maybe u culd ask them 4 it.
#ICantDateSomeoneThat refuses to ask for help when they need it.. Do you know anyone like that?
“: 2,000th tweet goes out to & (heheh told you!)” so honored
Still researching, but we can talk anytime. Can I interview you?
That's Hyundai Genesis coupe.. Don't dog it, these things are pretty sick. 348hp in the new V6...
omg lets!!! and actually, well we may have some free options i can tell you about...
Girlscout cookies and mint flavored shake
Looking for a Korean Localization Producer for my MMO client in NorCal. Drop me a line if interested - .
always entertaining to hear the library's #highlights from #admission ambassadors.
Okay! I promise :)
"Idiocracy" (comedy about the future) - if u haven't seen it, it's incredibly funny...and sadly it's probably gonna be true
When I do that here in Ohio people say something like, "all you Penn Staters are bad at basketball."
At traffic lights & watched driver in car checking phone. Lights changed, 4 honks by others before she put head up! One car was ambulance
i really miss hunting for eggs.. lol
For you to be paid in advance of an invoice coming due, choose the invoices you want to factor and share them with your factoring company.
you do that!!!! go you!........im gonna go wash hair in a salon this summer lol
6 arrest and more to come
That's what's up Tika! I have never done a good job of trying to be something I'm not. Plus I have to much fun being Me!!
Happy Imbolc- in ancient times celebrated as the birth of spring. New lambs were born around this time & the days were noticeably longer.
aw whats wrong?
I once I reach the point I want with this, I'm giving this account to a legit fan. I want to reach 500-1000 followers by Feb for info
Will to run tonight has just about left me.
Been very busy this week and just wanted to check-in: How's your week going?
thanks! I think I heard you singing!
i was JUST about to post a pic of my pizza! hahaha shit :/
Whatever you do, always give 100%. Unless you're donating blood
finally finished this hideous paper and it only took me all night...
the Broncos get to watch you make them miss you!
heyy:* can u plz follow me it would be a dream come true<3
You guys should Hallo me.! HannahMaslow99 is my username (:
WHOOP! SO excited for you! I love me some !! :)
thanks! Sounded like it was a block from our house.
DJ Devious Powermix Podcast no. 250 is rocking my day today.
just got my tdap and chicken pox shots
Vince Young to the Eagles? He handled the Nash press and fans so well I'm sure Philly will b a breeze for him!
reading your latest post now... it was the Zombies that got my attention. :)
I hate being hungry and tired. worst combo eva.
this is at CSC?
=) that goodnight i love you text i just got from him <3 >>>>>>
Watching You Got Served..!
can u give me a shout out
Thanks to BibliOdyssey for the retweet!
Shrek the movie is so addicting , I can watch this all day erday
Ted Turner~ If I only had a little humility Id be perfect.
Bout To Go Get Webbie Savage Life 3 And Drake Take Care.M.P.
Fuck that new girl that you like so bad . She's not crazy like me I bet you Like that.
Exactly one week from today I'll be seeing with the Minneapolis Orchestra!!! Excited is an understatement!
: brand consistency is a big key in successful branding
on the way to la for a meeting and then off to hammonds bach weekend extravaganza just north of nowhere
RT : In his first event since May 12th, is even after 9 holes at the Bridgestone Invite. All pars for a 35.
CONGRATS TO GISELLE BONILLA ... GUEST STARRING ROLE ON " SOUTHLAND "
So many hottiez
it's lupe!
Someone got upset with me when they left their bank card in the car and had to send their son to get it and while he was...
I'm with you, she's Not!!!!,RT Am I the only one that thinks Tom Brady's wife isn't all that Hot?
I just provided numbers that agree with me. Whatever. No one can ever tweet louder than you, Brad.
NFL Draft. Lessgo
what if #Peyton doesn't announce he's healthy before the draft? Do the #Redskins draft assuming they'll be able to get him?
Viagra is like to sex drive, what Twitter is to snarkiness.
Hollywood films and other productions boosted Glasgow's economy by more than Â£20m last year, according to new figures.
#moviethingstodobeforedie something like "COOL GUYS DON'T LOOK AT EXPLOSIONS"
Good save by Steve C and Tim Foor.
My gut tells me people search for a specific title, regardless the format, and chose the one that is most convenient to them
Chicken noodle soup
Dam Facebook Be Telling Everyone , Everything You Do lol
Do you read magazines and newspapers? Which ones?
we grabbed Pogba from them, they contested it and after all the time and effort we've put, he's crawled to someone else..
Just paid $10 for heathrow wifi just to download some Game of Thrones.
Phillip Phillips rockety rocks.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys:D
Damn. I'm tempted to tag a bunch of people in my status..
At the garden tonight. Here just for the inevitable
At one point in your life you either have the thing you want or the reasons why you don’t ~ Andy Roddick.
your handle caught my eye! This is me to a "T"- let's chat soon! still getting the hang of twitter....
it's me.
#know12 "I'll be happy to give you innovative thinking. What are the guidelines?" (Cartoon)
#ThingsiWantTheMost unlimited stock of cash ;)
Just Now?
april is far away
Indeed! See you soon!
I just saw a horse dog
just ordered your book online---thrilled at your success....Dream and Lady Vols fan
that's true. Let's change that up soon
you were being mean to my friend
Unexpected free day courtesy of #BostonBlackout!
haha yes longer!
seriously! Tagxedo is AWESome!!
Save your money. Wait for the imdb movie.
All of #Buffalo is #blissedout by the record breaking warm temps this week. It's all we can talk about.
Happy Independence Day, U.S.A. Celebrating our shared quest for liberty, truth, justice, happiness and the perfect apple pie.
Woods comma Elle
YOU SHOULD GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY MENTIONS BEFORE I BLOCK YOUR ASS...
THX!! RT : Ready for session "Websites for Event Marketing" w/ our own website hostess with the mostest ! #ARFEA”
Yes, I agree. It will happen when Im gonna ba a president :) ROFL
Dream job: researching for Ken Burns or David McCullough. They film/write about the coolest stuff in history!
CNN and the AP reporting that Steve Jobs has died of cancer.
It might be forgiven but never forgotten!
next on NWSports tonight
what story am I missing here? Link to more info?
Mahalo for all the RTs & mentions this week! Wishing you a wonderful #AlohaFriday. Make your fave tweep this
Great to hear how you are helping so many in need!
Just wondering where is all the IU chatter? #free fall
just rolled 4 fat ass "snoopdoggblunts" #GoToTheMoon in a min. Preparing myself for takeoff
RT : Farmers to receive grants to fight pollution in parts of Chesapeake, other watersheds - The Washington Post -...
2day was da bst day ever. Edge was so kwl and church:-)
gorgeous guy you are!!
Nobody here wants to play bloody knuckles?? What is this the SuperShuttle to SQUARESVILLE AIRPORT
Ha ha, love it!
What did people do before youtube? If you were in a bad mood, you had to find an actual cat playing the piano? Tough times.
at americas food show .... going very well, lots of people, food and cultures
Why you pretend to be famous? Take care yo baby
Impressive, #SportingKC, grinding out away win @ Chivas. Moving from cautiously optimistic to really expecting great things from this squad
Consider yourself hi fived.
I SWEAR The People Who Ain't Never In A Relationship Or Getting No Sex Action #Supposedly Think They Give The Best Advice #FOH Lol
it sure does count. Keep supporting and keep being a friend
feeling dry eyed and blah.
if people seen how I really act....LOL.
finding out if we're having a boy or girl today! baby #2. RT: Happy wednesday everyone...what's on your daily agenda today?
- A blazing hot commodity. A touch like fire is a pleasure to feel.
At #SXSW? Be sure to check out and !
the important things in life.
Boss gave us wine for Xmas. I would've spent a bonus on alcohol anyway. Saves me a trip. Smart guy.
the team had a great time- thanks for having us
lol omg I know that feeling. I don't want to get up rn :))
I'm sure he's not the only one. This is agonizing.
ey good morning fambo I'll check the vid in a moment. Have a blessed one.
I am currently sitting on my doorstep likka poor homeless kid.
This bar had no dance floor....
CAN U PLZZZZ FOLLOW ME!!!<U+2665>
great guide to Twitter for writers...
thank you so much for the kind words!
GUESS WHAT?
I'm going to do the sprint workout with Martin and he is carrying a harness. I'm scared!
You can now check out my etsy shop directly through facebook - click on the Etsy Showcase tab at the top of the page!
no way. I come up with random shit when im tired. Hey u know "it ends tonight"-TAAR ?
When you are directing a film, you have to be on your toes to handle anything. But really that happens as soon as you decide to do it.
me too! /: haha
#Fact RT : Same thing w pop stations. Should be playing MJ, prince, Madonna, Whitney etc in rotation. Not just when they pass away.
Very chillstep morning at work. Followed by chaos and utter debauchery. =)
Off 2 work I go...
I am empowered every day by the positive approach that God has given me at every turn.
Great day of lacrosse out at Hillsboro Stadium, the rain held off and got some great experience for some new officials!
hey long time how r u?
Check out some of our new and notable titles including Winning Grants and Academic Librarianship! Visit www.neal-schuman.com.
u jus gay MRS.GREEN
Tequila Tuesday
I don't really like the word 'spro', but damn if it isn't more convenient to type than 'espresso'. Gonna come up with my own word for it.
5/11 - LCE Senior Medicare Patrol information table at Edgewood Terrace Senior Apt Bldg Outdoor Health & Info Fair-in partnership with DCOA.
So ., you gonna do the movie or what? LOL.. :)
Ferris Bueller is on HBO and I really need to go to sleep. G dangit.
I think I just saw the devil sitting out in my driveway it's so #flippin HOT outside. #ThankGod for AC & Netflix
Going to the dentist :B
wish I was In Jersey!
#SmackDown that was fast oh nnnoooo
Perfect for Passover! RT : Daily #Homemade Soup: Chicken #Soup with Matzo Ball
2nd Sat and Studio Tour this weekend at Art OF Toys 2110 K Street Sacramento,CA Hope to see you!
regs is now back up. We currently have about 10 friends with confirmed tix.
I can't explain how proud of I am. Im glad he's taking music more seriouse than ever <3 RT! RT!
did you know you can win tickets to at this week?! do you know who from??
#atxAllGigs Need experienced Garage Door Tech or someone with construction background - Email work history to
PARENT: We need to talk. ME: *Million things run through my mind. What did they find out about!?* PARENT: Stop leaving the lights on.
it's early big guy
Well...Lets see how this game goes lmao
I'll read this later when I can afford to get angry
I think Words With Enemies would be a much more interesting game.
servicemonday35: Cuisinox Rectangular Roasting Pan with Rack ...
I just gave 2 dogs a shower.. I think they won. Is it wrong to call it a day and go back to bed now?
Would do absolutely anything to go back to bed instead of work right now.
umm.. Well no..
and we never left :( “: me and and missed you and tonight! Have fun on vacation!”
Fresh out the shower smellin m m good.!!!
this is what just happened.. walks up, we need to talk. looks around. girl i just lost my feeling for you. an i found a new bitch i like.
Playoff baseball = slightly less boring than regular season baseball. I guess.
Who would like a follow on this lovely friday?
I hope this doesnt take all day
Nevermind, movies on friday.
PD includes ongoing convos after the PD is over. Building new schema reqs developing new habits (unlearning-relearning).
Karate Instructors help make a great change in the kids and adults they train! Keep up the great work! www.battleofatlanta.
() overheard on the Washington Mall, "Daddy, what is a Museum?" Really.
Charles Manon's 12 Parole Hearing. If it took Morgan Freeman 12 hearings to get out of shawshank for god knows what, Manson has 12 more togo
She's all alone, something's will never change.
The Asylum should totally make a Doctor Who knockoff. That would be awesome.
we are experimenting with playing larger numbers of picks to see what the effect is for hard-to-win games (30 instead of 20).
Kyle Miller, our fourth place finisher. MT who won that Cunningham candy bar? It's all that really matters.
So sleepy.. What a damn day
First things first, time to put some food in this empty tummy lol
Wow, I just found out that a student was expelled for about 3 months now. I didn't know this ENTIRE time!
Someone got a hair cut!
thanks for tweeting my niece sara bucher!!!
I was thinking bout doing muay Thai but i wwasn't sure if it would be worth the money to train somewhere shits exspensive
is back on face off?!! I'm spazzing.
Leaving thee studio bout to go get some Chinese food yuumm!!
I AM SO EXCITED FOR YOU NEW SINGLE TO COME OUT!!!!!1
Finished 's Panther Baby last night. Good read! Now need to watch Black Power Mixtape. Power to the people!
Tonight is going to be live tweeting Watch Yer Mouth Open Mic!
Hiking was amazing today! Thanks Doan and Gideon!
Awesome man its sounds really good, GL with everything!
You're a 90's kid if you know all the words to Bel Biv Devoe's DO ME! Smack it up, flip it, rub it down, oh no...the girl's gonna do me
LOL I wish Vince would quit stepping on his dick every 5 seconds b/c he's my fave Crue RT maybe Vince Neil will show again
“: Damn. Y'all watching Nuggets kick Lakers in the teeth?”it's ridiculous
The Bush years! We are still digging out. Meantime, GW is pimping the networks, with his new book & still making up words!
good morning!!! :)
Oh Ryan Dumpster, not good enough.
It's a slow news day in Chicago: the local Newspaper Web Pressman's Union No. 7 is on strike.
Herb Day is this Saturday, so come and celebrate with us at our Open House! Percolations, tinctures, infusions, distillations & more!!!...
Shut off my phone n text here in Japan so if anyone needs to get a hold of me, please email me!
Got a Friday the 13th show in the works.. Looking for buddy bands.
Mornings suck.
i'm goin on tomorrow! :)
never!!! Not in a million years, you will never be replaced!!! Always and forever you will be my twin!!!
Bumming it to school today.
www.ustream.tv/joerogan DO IT NOW!
You right! >> RT People let me down, but God never will.
“: I should just go to sleep!” you going tomorrow? Get some rest!
The Guess Who was from my era. I never had to play those tunes but I did dance to them. That might be worse.
#namesinphone Wrong Number
You know, boys, a nuclear reactor is a lot like a woman. You just have to read the manual and press the right buttons.
Hey Victor J.!
Great time last night with and others!
Link doesn't work.
OLP shows strong support for eDiscovery certification exam at yesterday's Masters Conference panel w/Judge Faciola.
At this point, we should stop providing the names of Orioles FA signees & stick w/ positions & the reasons they won't work out.
Worse case of the hiccups ever!
REAL MUSIC HAS NO BOUNDARIES
10 seconds!! OMG IM SO PROUD OF MY BOY BOY <33
Thank you so much! I'll check it out!
Shoot EMERGENCY! Does anyone know where I can buy an xlr to stereo 3.5mm cable?! Tried Guitar Center, Radio Shack, and Best Buy.
So tired.
Party on! Since we now believe it to be our birthday, you should come celebrate with us in person, or online!
I'm thinking the place I sent you earlier this week :)
thank goodness mine is sleep
Hahaha RT : Stockholm syndrome is a hell of a drug
uhh, me! Duh. RT Because the weather is so nice, who wants a t-shirt?
Ever move i make = money
show is a trip. lol
When is there a moment when I'm not confused?
thanks man, I'll pass it along.
Carton live storage is a gravity-fed order picking system designed to increase efficiency while decreasing the floor space required
I'm about to pass out.. no I'm not tired ;)
: Greenberg hugs...drop of the decade!
Omg why you so perfect?!?
grazie. sounds cool.
sometimes I warch trash tv... Sometimes...
The clippers just could not match up on their defenders tonight
One bottle of Wine. Just about perfect for a nice buzz.
wow you whore I wanted to go..
RETWEET IF YOU WANT NEW FOLLOWERS
ok one sec
Once again, the #Masters never fails to provide incredible golf theater.
That would be pretty sweet if Dwight Howard goes to play with the Clippers!
A recurring theme in my life: Me: "Dad, do you have this album?" Dad: "Yes! I have it on vinyl." #needarecordplayer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Im not i wish i rele do will u plz come to St.Louis!!!! plz reply and do u like the animal hats?? plz reply and follow me plzz
I lost my voice.... Awesommeee
It's challenging, but you have to at least try to eat right and exercise
Yes! I meant to let you know I got it, but I forgot. Sorry!
Probably constructions -- the signs were less than helpful.
MT : #FedTips: A quick way to spot a fake government Facebook page is if it has ads on it. Approved gov pages are ad-free.
I retweeted for you!
- Are you sure about this... that a big difference 6 miles and 26.2 miles... good socks, good shoes, Biofreeze and water...
Happy President's Day from Infiniti of Denver!
maybe if your Coke has a first name Phil?
#longassday #fun performed w/ #TheAccidentals #BerkleeCollege #Boston Amazing Turn Out! Let the #Rivalry live! ahaha!
Mr Delirium spoke at the Stoop Storytelling show last night . . and so say all of us! Thanks, Stoop! Next stop, 2nd anniversary show!
What up brother! I am off on Monday but i might be up in the South Bay next weekend if that is easier.
It's like my mind knows what's right and wrong. But my heart is being dumb and still cares.
I guess the Internet is a big deal for democracy, huh?
the most amazing guy I have ever had the pleasure to meet!(:
Loved that touchdown
Thanks so much Andrea and Jamie.
I Just Unfollowed 5 Ratchet People...
I believe it, I do not think that I get enough opportunities to hear about success stories that are local.
Biked to work! 8 am energy boost + effortless exercise! Turns out, travel time is shorter via bike than car!!!
It always rains after you wash your car
WHO IN THE HELL STARTED THAT #ONME SHIT? you fuckers sound dumb as hell!
Yankees are struggling with RISP. Guys just looking to walk instead of making solid contact.
IF YOU ARE BUYING STOCKS FOR SHORT TERM GAINS YOU ARE ON THE WRONG SIDE. SELLING SHORT WILL BE REWARDED. SEASON OF THE BEAR IS HERE
": I want to go to the next spurs game, who like to go with me?" Sign me up
Some guys use the words ''i love you'' way too much -____-
And the person behind me in line is standing way to close to me..
Wishes First Lady a Happy Birthday!
Ooohhh I wanna dance with somebody!
Husband actually agreed to get a pedicure with me for V-Day. Anyone have a fav spot in PSq/Downtown area?
omg that just made my dayy!!!
I love the Detroit auto ads. I don't know if you're back to making cars, but your advertising game is Johnny Bananna's.
I got some turkey so i kept it in the yard RT : any holiday shits? Or did you make it to the backyard
Hell yeah! (:
It's too hot to sleep with a shirt on.....
That's the beauty: digital tools and data-driven decisions make it a reality!
#confession I will cry when my brother graduates & goes off to college..
I don't know why I'm following accounts that are different languages…
I must may, lol!!
Motorola Droid Razr Goes on Pre-order at Verizon
STILL DOING HOMEWORK. /;
Love y'all back.
& couldn't find my other red chuck smh
no interest in seeing you in any jersey other than your 22 eagles one
White Girls On Bus Won't Fight :(
That would be RT : She's the Dorothy Parker of flautists, flauting convention at every turn!
Roses are red, Violets are blue, you're hot.
Tip #142:In general, adjust your aggression level to how long the blind levels are.Longer blind levels may mean waiting hours to make moves.
Birthday Party Week Starting Tonight.. Clubbiiinnnn
How bout those Sixers.
cant roll with you this time bro! ": CELTICS ALL THE WAY!!"
Hey beautiful please please follow me
Ah, my job is to make it easy for photographers to create beautiful works of art. I'm the producer/behind the scenes gal...
I KNOW you do :) That's why you are perfect to inspire others to live too, even if they just want to
Apparently people have waisted 200000 years on angry birds
LOVE YOU TOO!
#MyBiggestFlaw: I care too much, and end up getting hurt
If I find a matching tie, I'll go :P
Makin Strawberry Chardonnay hopin there is sun in the forecast.
Amendment to previous post: New code for free delivery from Typhoon is now JAN2012 :)
a mess lol, does ihop taste like maple syrup and buttermilk tho? >}
ah those final minutes before the 10pm news....
be done within the next 2 days unless something pops up then I'm sending the clips to Mr over here
The Spotlight Fashion Show is taking place tonight Pershing Sq, LA, CA If you'd like 2attend, please contact
3000!!! You like us..You Really, Really Like US!!
From : How do we get our content in front of users who don't visit our pages? i.e. to Yahoo News.
Justin Bieber's mouth looks tiny and weird on his album cover.
Yes!! Glad to hear you like the record man!!
Love the Chevy CMO response to Ford's complaining about their ad: "We can wait until the world ends, and if we need to, we will apologize."
i really miss a lot. a whole lot.
The government is now sending out text messages to alert people of severe weather. Not a fan of this. Anyone know how or if we can opt out??
ears ringing
u need to be the next up out the Konvict camp famo.
thank you im glad =) lol
I love you to!
They keep people from wandering off into the masturbatory wilderness.
Be on the look out for a new eblast today. I promise!
The show at The Chance is STILL ON. Well have ticket info for all you crazy mofos by the weekend. Enjoy your friday!!!
#CarrotBoyPeterPan is insane! Watch! Share! www.livestream.com/globalrevolution
Lyon says speech act theory is big among rhet-comp students at SUNY-Buffalo. She was surprised @ how little it's used by OSU grad students.
:) que paso
wassup with you?
just saying. I don't agree
#ThingsIwantTheMost money for warped. yep.
Happy Birthday.
done x
Day of rest.
Was it for Literature by Women of Color?
The Scotish guy next to me is so jeulous the i macked on those 2 teachers here for a conference. He can kiss my arss
Follow me for great tips on how to save money.
not sure it was his favorite song, but he sat through it like a champ cc:
Offering someone food and secretly hoping they don't accept it :)
never understood that one myself. Lol
Good VP list. My ranking Bush, Jindal, Ryan and Rubio in that order.
I get excited too! Loving this beautiful weather! Puts a sprung in my step. Enjoy it!
Flying a kite and eating crabs in Patterson park.
RIP Whitney.
#glee F&M Shake it Out = legit
happy birthday man! Now you can't complain about not being able to drive haha
Its the best! Nothing else like it! Love Anne Boleyn!
i hate mondays cus im here till 11
Happy birthday to my dudes Calvo and Devo!!!!! Enjoy it!
that what I'm saying...I only say the things I do because of the dumbasses that hate the hogs and think the red wolves are better
Then do it!
How is it already 1:00pm? Sundays are made for being lazy!
Good choice!
Invited dress for Working at !
Do we know what the all time Cactus league attendance was. Was it last week in Glendale?
8 days until sectionals
Tmw is National Super Saturday-IN Style! I'm ready to knock it out w fellow #BeachBody coaches and kick booty w a workout!
If the fed ex losers knew how close I am to murder right now, they'd joke around a lot less.
It's a Hazy, Hot, and morning in
I'm going to go w/ #999 being a slight bit better ;) Maybe #1999 will bring you even greater fortune! lol
I'm putting this book under my pillow and hoping that the lines osmote into my head overnight. Did I just use a science term? H8ing English.
Feeling happy that Marisol is in bed and sad that she will be with Daddy all weekend. I miss her already. Check the bog for updates!
yup. my friends need to pick their game up :)
And I'm not saying PT is everything. I hope everyone is happy at their SCHOOL, but I know we had major minutes for them!!
Today is the day #BBN NUMBER 8 IS COMING TO LEX
So... What's up world? Are you talking about stripe? The cat that ran away for 4 years and somehow came back?lol.
You are amazing! you are only 8 and you are already a good rapper!! =)
Learning how to cut a dado.
Anyone ever try a NoNo?
I just realized that 'SMASH' and 'MASH' are two different TV shows. It only took me five episodes.
I am envious!
Im so lucky to have three well trained doggies. Otherwise hiking with a Labrador, Pit Bull, and German Shepherd solo would not work.
nice Discount Double-check reference on the Knicks highlight!
i dnt want no trouble!!! I'll be a groupie.....
who's coming to our show in Indianapolis on April 20th?? It's free and there will be cookies. RT for cookies.
HgbA1Cs don't lie.
the main photography girl use to be blair now its tay robs HOLD UP
oh man yeah!
good thing that you have me cause thats all you need. <3
I just watched Moneyball. It just made my list of the top five movies of 2011.
For those that don't know: #URow includes your bus, tent, all you can eat and all you can drink. Originally $125. All for $75! Can't beat it
Mary Poppins said sugar makes the medicine go down but she never told us what takes the pain go away.....i hate her.
Wow! Lionel Richie looks the same as he did 20 years ago. He is like Dick Clark - never looking older!!
Never been in so much pain -_-
I DONT LIKE MY LITTLE BROTHER , he iss fucking possesed with some demon out to get mee
For any fan who wants to crack "flag football" jokes and bitch that the game is "getting soft", think of Junior Seau.
is comming over to hangout & do homework with me. #Thanksbabes!
now following my fav bro in clementine >>>>>>>>>>>>>
I take the act today. Ahh I'm so scared. God, help me
I wish we could just have one big Chi O room with all of us together!
Q: You know why God is a man? A: Because if God was a woman she would have made sperm taste like chocolate.
We don't have a beach, but we've got a lake and 75 degrees. :) It'll be a beautiful week for #DAAC!
explain to them that utilize means to turn something into a tool.
Saying "Shit" on live tv was courageously awesome. Total quality state. Love the leading by example. Bravo!!
... reply back and I'll give you the info! ^_^
Not sure, try calling in and also request a song while you're at it!
ack! need a pickup?
With 50% accuracy
I'm the only one in my math class without a notebook and the only one not taking notes. I'm a #modelstudent :D
Stony point.
Tip top Of the evening to ya Big T!!
Opening Day of the Ballston A&C Market was a HUGE success thanks to YOU, the talented artists and the wonderful visitors & Mother Nature.
Ah. *gives nod of recognition and approval*
heh, they might.
Bruce Lee: effing cool.
Not yet. Reader annotations are under active development now.
I officially feel old at this show.
thanks for the RT!
Happy to call it out, the detail of those panels coming together is really sweet... I'm sure that wasn't easy...
"Shut up you dirty little hamster" has become a household saying! LOL Love it!
never gotten round to Bikram. Wanted to...studied Ashtanga for a while & it kicked my butt. Mostly I practice and teach Anusara
Its about that season
Jammin to some music
Hope the Magic keep it interesting for all 7 games - every year I have withdrawal symptoms when the NBA finals are over.
When is your next MKE trip? A certain redhead is inquiring...
I signed the petition and I hope all of you sign it too..they way they bully girls that cannot fight/
Bieber? Oh then most definitely. Though he was once. Well ok, twice. Ok damnit, three times.
I hate waking up so fucking early! But if I aint out here making this money someone will...So Fuck it stretch, yawn, shower then lets get it
if you got rodgers he got 50 by himself
Do you have time/place? of Tea party protest to NAACP?
Yeah! Parallel Everything!
Aww all the love in the air!! It's just so cute!
Yes sir!
Sry, Wish we had more! Handed out @ Midnight Madness : Who is wearing their #raelynns t-shirt today?!" I want one!!!
When I am Queen, talking about an election more than four months before the election will get you publicly flogged. Sound good?
should be fun
Some fierce security up in here tonight.
The traditional mentorship model in research tends to be one directional and doesn't support an equitable envr for scholars of color
Just as long as it's not European soccer on a Sunday night! Good luck SMU.
#gwu come into #GWJStreet and watch the 2nd half of the #Chelsea vs #Barca game
Gladiator and Tron soundtracks? On your 8-track?
that was me (:
oh! I dnt have one but might as well have a twitter
Putting down famous word at the styudio. Track on fire!!!!! Amiee, Big Jay, Diplean.
I told ya, Lol. What did you get?
This is interesting, I slept a full 6.5 hours AFTER last night's fire alarm
So not my fault.
Why is my final soo early in the morning am Im just now going to bed! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Stop chasing the wrong things so the right things can catch you .
Str8 Like that
come on out for #NIGHTSWEATS tonight at EMP. Industry night! 8pm
i'd keep that screen shot for police evidence one day...man!
best wishes at hearing. There in spirit. Tampa AA lawyers support your efforts!
Hate going to the Dentist <<<<<
Thank you a million for teaching and I some basic HTML today.
Got a Christmas card from the Obama's AND got news that her dad might be finally coming home from the hospital!!!
Updates? How you feeling? Next on the agenda?
I won!!! First place in Bo Kata at The Disney Martial Arts Festival:D
#souljaboypunchlines so icy I really don't care, haters green as a pool table and they twice as square.
RT : I'll tell you what gay marriage has done to my straight marriage: it's improved my dinner parties.
If #mittpromney isn't trending soon there's something wrong with this world.
The Mets are a spunky, inspired, energetic, enjoyable team—and the bullpen is doing its all to kill things.
Commendable RT I forgive everyone that has done me wrong I am naturally a forgiven person
brijae is the meanest person on the face of the earth
Damn I want to visit NYC so badly. Even IF it means that I have to endure the naked cowboy...lol.
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy the panda bear from the panda cheese commercials
The secret of life is... How do YOU finish it?
who ya team mine cowboys
Like all religions, Moronism is its own lie.
I hate how I am having the best hair day ever and no one will see it :P
Heads up for some theramin jams on stage tonight.....
Dnt matter Sat sound good
not anymore...
T.G.I.F Happy Friday!
"Thanks so much. Hope you're well, Whitney!! : happy happy bday hope you have a great one"
Thanks for tweets about ! Glad you found it helpful.
::Waves back::
This is a HUGE game, The Monsters of the Midway know what up. It will be handled. Lambeau will be weeping in 3 hrs. Bear down!
depends on of you're looking to do cut and sew in the US or in another country.
fiction AWESOME book should be moved to the top of your pile
Me too - I love avocado :)
I hate when you wave back to someone but they weren't even waving at you.
Wants nothin more than to be on cloud 9 right about now..
i think its ridiculous that u get hate! Theyre just 'jealous' that your decent ;)
Doin yard work
so glad you love it!!!!! Thanks for watching!!!! :)))
Did you bring your brooms? Because I'm pretty we're gonna need to SWEEP!
what sort of shift are the O's using today?
"Do you even know what blasphemy means?" - me. "Yah when kids shoot up their schools" -
Best St. Patricks Day ever? The answer is probably yes.
Yum! ": Sounds really good! We are working on a pot of veggie chili over here. Enjoy!”
Cannot wait!!!
Thanks for joining us! RT Special thanks to and for an awesome webinar on giving circles!
The Walking Dead is soon!
Yes, but Joyce's work just dropped out of copyright in UK (!)
Call us today @ 1-800-232-0269 and ask about our Custom Labeled Pies! Perfect for weddings and birthday celebrations!
#3WordsOfAdvice Always be yourself
RT Obama vs Romney. A man with four years experience as President vs a guy who spends his time cutting his taxes.
Can't sleep, counting sheep
Henrik Ibsen~ One should never put on ones best trousers to go out to battle for freedom and truth.
otherwise known as the Ke$ha deal$ store
Knowing me, I would too lol
I heard us juniors in Dickinson did good on the HSPA tho .. Now can we know out mofuuuckinnnn scores ?!
Teen wolf comes back June 3 ...... YES<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I always understood these wiki pages become defaults for things only if there is no active fan page for that THING/Person/etc
Powerful cyclone slams into flood-hit Queensland
always be one tap away from primary task, optimize for that
I get it... The Ivy has teen drama but with adult freedoms (sex! drugs!) all under an umbrella of "We are elite & awesome"
The only misleading thing is the use of #Carrier IQ #software by the carriers and phones without disclosing to us users.
Feels like Sunday. Between one friend's wedding and another going into labor, there was just too much about yesterday to fit in one day.
What's your passion? Mine are my kids and my writing!
LMAO!!! You must not know me!! :)
...umm what'd it say?
trying to stay constantly busy and around people to stop myself from crying. still, i had a wonderful last day in STL with my boyfriend.
I look so bad today. Oh well
Where is there good Arabic food around here?
well, I just called to see about accommodations because of my cane, and they said it's mostly SRO and ...
What an amazing Spring Break! Solo exhibit, accepted to grad schools, now on the PAC committee at MAP, new proposals and amazing friends!
Sounds like a great panel. MT : Got next year's panel approved forMRDS: PostDeath/AfterLife"
RT “: we are always here to help!” - well thanks! ^_^
HathiTrust is in Grand Ballroom DE, not in FG.
“: lol'd at ppl who actually believed that rumor. she's obv not his type lmao.”--Jealous?! She is his type. She is nice & pretty
Fantastic! We're all for connections. :)
Lol. RT Hey, Red Hot Chilli Peppers, did you hear that R.E.M. is calling it quits?
Who has the voxer app!!!
In my office working & all of a sudden I hear my husband downstairs say... "It ain't America's Team. Bitch!" to the TV. LMAO
#DidYouKnow that Japan, China, and the U.S. are (in order) the largest consumers of fish and shellfish?
Let me know if I can help ;-)
Just left my first Y-Triple Threat class. Because my brain saw it and thought, "Hmm. Fun." It'll do anything for an endorphin hit. Junkie.
“ I say shit out loud that people are only brave enough to say in their heads”
Proverbs 1:7 The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge, but fools despise wisdom and instruction.
saving this for claim chowder when Figgy wins the batting title later this year, you know, just in case :D
That junk still hurt me till this day :/
#iLoveHow your the absolute best person in the whole entire world(: hehe
Thanks so much! RT returns to share more improv wisdom with us this afternoon. Comedy's an art and he's one of the masters.
and on my TV at the same time. Life is too good.
Thanks so much for voting today!!
Uh oh...lol
those are super cute!
i'm so sick of love songs cuz they remind me of you... :P
What is everyone doing this Saturday before #Halloween? Me? I'm working.
my brother from another mother... Miss you big dawg! #TwitterOG's
I hurt myself at least 7 times a day, i'm just clumsy
we gotta record our song soon Ben!
Very nice web site
took a big dukie tonight at practice and it smelt SO BAD
Some girl in my class is talking about how she masterbates with a live snake.
Fed prosecutor says he believes #WhiteyBulger will try to delay this so he's not brought to trial. Defense says that's not true.
you mixtape is fire that one of your haters hear and gag lol love sorry i couldn't party you tonight Ms Blanco
too much lol. However, I now give it away to other family members in an annual art book for Christmas. Always gets tears :)
lol ya I know I should get busy
The #chanel coco mademoiselle commercial reminds me how much I love
Guys this is your chance to be in ICONic Boyz love story! Go ask my sister for a part there are still openings! Go get a part
Am I the only one still scared to go through a car wash as an adult? Its just creepy 2 me
Getting used to the fact that there are commercials within this commercial.
I'm so tired my face hurts. Hi sleep.
Haha, right?! I chuckled a little when announced, I had no idea he had applied there too!
looking forward to really exploring the interdisciplinary nature of her program in the fall -- 1st ATEC course!
GUYS GO FOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED AND THATS MY BACKUP GO FOLLOW!!!!
Ehh, I suppose so. And that's awesome! Connecticut seems pretty cool. :3
The prison participant observer enters a highly unstable setting abounding with rumor, suspicion, factionalism, and open conflict. - Jacobs
I want to create a "Shit Attention Whores Say [on the internet]" video so bad!
Is this movie ever going to start, I think for a Movie to start 20 minutes late is just crazy
well I'll see if I don't have to work and I'll go
touring Ruby Hospital and meeting workers this afternoon.
lol I would be to. Does Boston play tonight?
next season includes Elijah and Mahler's No. 2. SINGER AUDITIONS June 1st. See fairfaxchoralsociety.org for more details.
lol i didnt have your phone???
Me too!! RT : I'm catching all sorts of hell from my coworkers today for my country music
that would be cool if they did just so people can be like oh okay see theyre on good terms=]
Online Retailers Home In on a New Demographic: The Drunken Consumer
there is also rosemary ;)
Beats by Dr. Dre Tour High-Resolution In-Ear Headphones from Monster. Even have a convenient carry case
Me too, know where to find one? RT : O Lord I need a sweet distraction...
I <3 Glee
Giving thanks to our Creator for engaging cerebral that skirt the flirt of artistic arched back center pieces...
We need to have bubble tea together sometime! :)
To whom much is given, much is required
School time here we go(:
yet again another one of your tweets is trending worldwide. Oh I love you Louis!
Hmm I'm a surprisingly chill, relaxed type drunk....lol
In the white room, with black curtains, at the station
On-line video is not just dancing cats anymore, Video ads reached 45% of the total US population an average of 32 times during January 2011
#BoiseSOC Bieter: What this project proves is that we all have to have faith.
tI was a shameless plug, but they are cool and free. ;)
Per Randi Weingarten, 44 percent of American children live in an impoverished household.
There's nothing worse then being in love alone
Ah, making posters, so "baby" can be
Melanie Healey has spent 21 years
Seduction is your art ;)
Power of the purse boutique night and VIP party... all to benefit girls Inc!
So you not gone text back .... You not down
“: Nobody cares RT : Still haven't ate nothing” yeah i can tell F all my FRIENDS .. Thats for u to !!
at the airport. leaving in 30 minutes!
It's all input, folks. Garbage in, understanding out.
Yes. The cloud is visited daily in my company in several useful ways. How about your cloud use?
Thanks so much for the retweet!
Finished my PhD application. Took a long time but will all be worth it if I get accepted
I just ate the chocolate stopper in my No. 4 Easter Egg #Iceland :P
My man MCA's got a beard like a billy goat. rip. saw Beasties, 1987 Syracuse War Memorial
I'm really lucky
pansies may be for thoughts, but chard is for DELICIOUSNESS
VCU at 6pm and DUKE tips at 7. Oh what a night!
When did you become younger than me???
Going to the Pixies at Bricktown tonight? Nothing goes better with the Pixies than our pizza beforehand. It's scientifically proven!
Which one
you're welcome
Defend their mediocre marketing efforts.
Interested in current WI events? is live-blogging today's hearing re: collective bargaining bill.
trade Pau for him lol Hibbert n Bynum in front court, with Hill as reserve man
Thank you for the RT. Happy Friday!
Private Jimmy Cliff show or dinner w/ friend visiting from France?
What, no visitors? ;-)
Thanks for understanding my question.
That is true! My eyes were blinded because of all the naked senior citizens I saw during SF pride.
With everyone again <U+E056>
OMG I WANT!!! <U+E107>SO JELLO.
Red Mango, Pinkberry, Orange Cup...and more. Which is your pick for the best of and why? Parking is a big issue too!!
I'm gonna have lots of fun if I see them again, that's for sure!
"Acting has to be done for the love of acting otherwise you are wasting your time"
Dear Girl Laughing At Her Text-versation, We hate you. Please stop. Sincerely, Gate 45.
Going out on a limb here... good looks...
I'm the scar man
Hey y'all its Darcia. Just thought i'd sit back and watch Tay cook dinner. Lol
I'm heading to the post office first thing in the morning!!! :)
great choice. One of my favorite albums.
We're doing a UX Design seminar with Jim Dibble and Suzy Thompson from Cooper (). They're amazing.
wish this was something better.
if you anit got no ass bitch wear a ponchhoooo
i miss you too! les have a reunion soon
Would it pain us to put a pronoun in front of our feelings? Own it, passive cowards. Say "I" love you. One character reveals character.
MARK OUR WORDS: WE'RE TAKING OVER THE WORLD!
Well. Thought you were my friend too… Talk about #Salty (;
I have both in the top 10 but neither in the top 5
send me sumthin to.bang
. Those women who support Obama need to tell their men to follow their lead or they get no nookie!
mind if i call you curly turtle.. ?
Damn baby, I still got it lol.
Is pre-mature celebration common with Rags fans? RT if you go down to DC for game 6 be sure to thank Ward for me will ya
I'm on da plane to Mia. Happy holidays homie.
I will be not be there until keynote session but hope to meet you all there.
How yall do with that Mega Millions?
Uh oh, there they go, talking 'bout how your boy clothes extra tight/ I just remember that my limelight extra bright
100 days til I see you guys in concert!! I'm so excited! I've been waiting for this forever, literally <3 #FollowMe :) 16
#Texas fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Kansas #Texas)
next week sir
Um...thanks?
Had stopped following HuffPo because she went tabloid. Did she make the tabloid cover herself today?
Fabulous! Can't wait to see the NewTrads 2012!
Big Ups to the lovely
Necklace show up ok ? Niall
for free?
Isn't it amazing? The mind cannot fathom it.
Nothing sadder than finding out a grown man is still in a band. You'll find that big break.
“: “: i'll come” hehe ok I'm excited!” it'll be fantastic
Those background dancers are killing me
That was fun. NPR talkback on museums! Great callers and tweeters.
Gonna watch this Flippers game. Hope they lose
Lakers' time is past.
they just might kick us out. Haha
Really ppl mag? "Earl Scruggs, bev hillbillies bluegrass legend" he f-in invented the entire modern banjo style!
thanks for FF, we love players who love
So hungry right now...who's eating what right now? I wanna see pictures so I can figure out who's house I'm going to.
o Aiden!! He is as adorable as ever!
Oouf... it's already my Sunday.
RT : C. Core requires students to read various complex texts. To me, there is nothing more complex than a good comic. Maus,
montario will step it up this year and we will be looking at two 1,000yd rushers this year #yeahISaidit lol
Can you make an announcement?
you guys stoked to hear some new tunes?!
hopefully its the lowest rated movie awards ever
If...if is good.
When I saw the plate with a cupcake and a larger than life scoop of ice cream... The gates of hell opened. And I walked right through
TOMORROW is our Trunk Show. Can't wait to see what they bring in. Stop in for some champagne and giveaways 4-8pm
hahhaa i like to do it different lmao
Finishing up my successful open house then taking Kate and Dylan to see Captain America. I can't wait!!!
This administration knows the way to this girls heart....presidential M&Ms!
RT Chris Smith: Uneven pixel widths not originally emulated in ZX emulators, bug/feature not understood
"Outstanding" Looks like its Sleepy Time Down South
you got it bud!
Hoping for a great morning to turkey hunt.
I like your music. Robert
Thank you so much #CLE for your day of service at our Women & Children's Shelter! Thanks for sharing the Twitter Love!
ill be there at 7am. Pancakes and movie in bed? I think so.
Oh yeah. OH yeah. I CANT DO THIS ANYORE. oh yeah
Full installer by parts is now up to date(Nov. 2011)!
Time 2 unfollow some folks timeline is getting a lil outta hand
looking for #blog topics. Suggestions? anything on #wigs, #hair, #periodstyle, iconic coiffures, how-to's, etc.
its at Grog, sorry...
aww thanks lol! and YES HARRY!
that's so sexy!!! :D
WTF is Falling Skies about?
in some ways very very good and in others a complete disaster. Wine needed to explain.
Goodluck to the bro on this math final,,, gas em
beautiful pics, when were they taken?
Yep on the school and it was for music business....but I studied artist management in some classes....
the one day I don't see you, you were yoga pants ):
Laying out by the pool in palm springs.
I AM ON SOME SHE-HULK SHIT TODAY! LET'S GO!!!! SMASH, FUCKERS!!!!
Thank you. Have a great weekend!
RT : Adele proves great artists don't have 2 dress like Star Wars characters or rely on anything but their talent 2 entertain.
So glad you enjoyed it! Thanks for coming in :)
Condolences to those hit by layoffs at , if you need help finding your next gig let us know
I agree, the Big 12 is a Big Joke.
#Memphis has the best Defense in the West, this is gonna be a good game
I <3 Mail Chimp!
Anger and love has no limits
Enjoy your time at home. Things are going to be very busy for you as you go down this new road.
Hopefully i will win to see it in Dallas!!
Looking like a multiple trip to Starbucks type of day.
So here's what I'm thinking.....
The Gin Blossoms play on in outlet stores across America.
a nice night at home, just jamarcus and some purple drank
throws one hell of a party! is lucky to have her. & and make some killer cocktails. Great nite
Done and Done. It's going to be fantastic. Have you listened to any of the preview clips for the new album?
One minute!
Watching Stepbrothers, I think I'm changing my name to NightHawk...
Cheating and lying, things that I never thought a man would ever do to me even after a second chance.
Out to eat wit my bestie!
looking more #tan than #chilly on this rainy April am. Welcome back to #FirstEdition-when we get our #sun next
Looking forward to keeping up with on Sunday & bringing points to 's #BetweenDowns Tuesday!
#ItGetsMeMadWhen when My brother uses my shoes ._.
how are u ?
Just got a call from an 89 year young widow asking me to take her to the polls to vote! The "Yes Kess Express" delivers!
Lets see...I got a new laptop, fresh jacket, a nice bracelet, a big collection of martial arts movies, and a bunch of money.
need your email address. hit me up privately
Informal poll: does 27 count as mid-20s still or is it considered later 20s?
Nice Day Downtown Memphis We Gettin It In__ & S/O 2 All My 52 Homies Happy Duece Day
#beatcancer. Post this as your status and paypal will donate 5 cents to cancer research!
Have a great weekend.
Getting the heck out of here
Must choose version of Dorian Gray for this semester. Anyone have particular preferences?
Spongebob was meant to be a gay comedy show on comedy central, before nickalodean bought it and made it for little kids.
Of course ur team is at same hotel as me and sadly u aren't here. Bet u it's as warm in West Lafayette 2day as it is Myrtle Beach!
QR codes on billboards? Seriously?
Omw to get my salad & caramel sundae!
a whole lot of craziness!
Just uploaded 5 new tracks!!. Some are classics and others...well, you&#39;re gonna have to see for yourself. Peace!!!
Phil Humber has already walked a guy and given up a base hit. What a scrub.
Yea I'll bring the root beer RT : Party! Party! Party!
When there was no beer left at 4 am last night, Omar wanted a glass of vodka. I poured him some then he followed it with red wine
This stomach is sore from those ab workouts and that damn eliptical
So frustrated
Brothers- Purchase your banquet tickets by tomorrow! $35 for Brothers and $40 for guests. It's going to be amazing. December 4th.
Thanks for the add. I can't wait to hear your music.
$NCVT: This stock is a proven mover and with only 4 million shares in the float
I'm bored. I'd asked u all to entertain me, but bail last time was set pretty high. And no one took photos.
John Carter has enviable abs.
Excited! Just got my tickets to friday's sold out party at the carlyle club!
#ows. Judson church open to occupiers for the rest of the night.
That's a rule to live by. I'm surprised you're not getting it done today, because I am. We're usually in sync with our hair appts
And I wonder why I can't keep a steady relationship. I mean is it me?
is there a good beer in that category?
NaLee 341 pages of mermaid Fantasy the beginning of a trilogy Fire and Ice is already out there check it out NaLee2010.com
Ugh.. sometimes I just wanna choke him
She thought she was cute today
haha yes! we are gonna make a ton of vegan food and teach everyone to make it... HEALTHIER and its totally sweet.
Here in my car You know I've started to think About leaving tonight Although nothing seems right.
This guy told my mom that laptops will soon be obsolete and that tablets (like an ipad and stuff) will takeover... O__O No D:
This weekend was a good preview of things to come for me. Mainly regarding how I felt and the ease of letting loose.
my fav song would have to be "Don't Believe Everything You Think" its an amazing song,
Wish I was a Junior Marshall but our class is too dang smart..
When everyone says we should be together but you haven't made that realization yet -_-
I love it. I hope we can meet up soon!
It's 11pm and freeway traffic is backed up as far as you can see. I guess this is why they call this America's most congested city.
Got the message, it would be a pleasure working with you. kmoffitt
needs to come to
Thanks for taking him off our hands. The #Astros have been respectable this year.
Thanks so much, Lou. I'm glad you enjoyed the book and really appreciate the review.
Loving friday, amped to play COPPERFIELD'S tonight!
Garry got his front row seat at
is contact juggling in a meeting.
When someone randomly shows up with Subway for me >>>
Thanks We will definitely keep you posted here on Twitter as we wrap up fabrication and head out into the city. Cheers!
Edwin thanks for having CasaLatino Bay Area Realty at last nights mixer in Palo Alto as a recruiter n meeting great people!
fun first round, but that's not when you want to peak
I've been privileged with a twisted since of humor
ha, the parents are already in bed.
Very welcome.
...high religiosity and orgasmic ability in women.
Starting the night in Little Italy at the Princess Pub with Purple Haze cocktails and grilled calamari and steak sandwich
hell yes! I was gonna go to Bin 36
It's Always Sunny... :)
Haha. Just don't order Boudin. Totally different dish there.
ohh:/ does she have a Twitter?
#AAMers! You have another 45 minutes to drop by the #AAM2012 exhibit booth #204 to visit the !
Fear Jameer. And fear Jameer's beard!!
<now followin thank you for the follow.
I had a dream about her last night ! :o why is she stuck in my head ?
laila!! you need to answer fasetr, im about to get off
I need it done before Sunday.
well maybe if you texted me.....
Turnovers are going to be the downfall..
We're launching new site in next few weeks, but hosting is avail now. If you want to try, will move you for free. :)
good thing you don't have any post season baseball to watch
i really want to go to omg who's down to come with me
In American History, starving to deaths. :-(
it is fabulous, CONNECT & good luck!
Our children deserve a fighting chance in every aspect of life.Why embrace the N word Ni**a/Ni**er,and keep this ill fated trend
It's never too late to pursue your dreams. Just make sure you are realistic about them.
He's faking RT : Twitter is lying if we're not rooting for a Kobe "flu" game"
Really excited about the new tool coming in May
so glad Daymond pushed for the deal w/Billy Blanks Jr. I was getting frustrated and explaining it to him lol!
My family always gives me weird looks when i decide to do anything girly. I know It's hard to believe but i do enjoy the occasional mani ...
finish following
all set for tomorrow? Looking forward to it!
("Black" Entertainers "Fixing" The "Black" Communities.")
A weighty issue.
nobody since 2002 has been excited for one
That clown who is current CEO is just that: A clown with no class or social grace.
trying something new......its no military special
Gonna embrace it along with my new bad ass hoop trick. :-P
Sorry love, plans already tonight. Summa time Chi is coming so we'll have to make some outdoor dancing plans!! <3
So SueAnn is grilling burgers, the screen door has fallen apart and we have to herd the cats and Riley from getting out.
Advice to business owner for preventing team drama: Set clear expectations, get regular feedback, and avoid being dramatic yourself
RT : The Nazi death camps were not liberated by "peace activists," but by soldiers.
If happy ever after did exist, i would still be holding you like this.
so we've been approved for a mortgage. now what?
Hair loss is very common problem of both, men and women
Just want tomorrow to get here already..
lol just now changing my calendar from February to March.
But you grow and learn NeNe and we all love you for that!
I'm going to be an aunt today! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> Phone tree in full effect!!
I've advocated for the serious study of Thomas Kinkade for years, so to those jumping on the pomo bandwagon now that he's dead? SUCK IT
My Louisiana agency scheduled me to audition for a Chrysler commercial this Tuesday in New Orleans!
so glad I got to meet you ... please stay in touch!
got too much #swagg RT if you're agree!!!
follow back ??(:
Ok, just caught up. I'm with you on this one!
"i'm pretty damn cute." i chuckled haha
are you still announcing your book winners on Twitter? Fingers are crossed in hopes that I win and don't miss it!!
that is EPIC LMFAO *dies* #GoodShare Alaric(to E) "youre killing me.. Oh wait"
BUT WAS HE WEARING SUNGLASSES WITH A STRAP?
Doing some heavy reading to get prepared for a working visit to NSF
it's k Sandra me n tiff will tear er up tonight
Ignite speaker at #COFLA: Your stories might not change the world, but they might inspire the person who does.
Im so tired i don't even know what today is
Very disappointed that I didn't get to see today :(
saving it the quality of life for the entire world could be move to untold heights. But that's not anything the world doesn't already know.
haha I was thinking that since its probably gonna happen this weekend! And maybe we'll all be rolling around town... So maybe!
#IfIHadItMyWay I will let everyone travel around the world to see how fortunate we have it here in America.
Time to photoshop my life. touch up the edges, adjust the tones, blur out the background, focus on me, and crop people out.
Diamond you on here? Why you not dm me back?
I thought this to be very profound. >>> The link between my experience as an entrepreneur and that of a politician is all in one word:...
<U+2606> "People should also appreciate little kids, age doesn't matter!" <U+2606>
I love stalking stalkers
My bible and my frat book are two books I will be reading this summer
I am happy when I am kind to others and unhappy when I'm not.
thanks for coming! :)
Don't be fooled by your emptiness. There's so much more room for happiness
What do a pair of heels, Theory trousers and an oversize MN fotball T have in common? My current outfit outside right now
Should I post a Vid of me drumming to 11:11 on here??:D
no the ref was a tool.Other team didn't care and wouldnt let me change shirts even though I'm on roster. Told me it was his job
Diary of a restless artist
Cause i, i still turn to you
On second thought. Can I get a couple of tubes? Perfect if my kid uses "bad words". No soap.
RT : there's really no good way to take a picture or yourself #faithhilling unless you have a timer on your camera
"...my body doesn't want repair, but longs for innocence. If innocent, despite the flaws I wear, I am beautiful." --K.F.
Good morning, all!
Oh, You Dont Like Country Music?
ctfu y wat u was gonna do
My next work would be next week. Instead of being bored, I'm motivated to work my ass out.. Gymming at he backyard..
I agree, I feel like we are are part of giant FB experiment, testing and more testing
My phone is so slow i cant even RT uggh:/
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year.
Who is gonna register for our Bridal Show on May 1st? You can check out some vendors! Guess how much it cost... NOTHING! A FREE event!
I just earned the Mexi-Can badge on #Yelp!
Boredom is a bitch
Just got back from Starbucks :)
$20 dollars on earrings since I lost my other ones... #WasteOfMoney ~.~
I started out with nothing. I still have most of it.
The "Kardashian Kollection" is now at Sears... surprised to learn that many NBA players need to work there during the lockout.
a place where you can get a job at any restraunt, grocery store, golf course, hell shoveling snow if you're not too good.
We are excited for our 3rd Annual "AUCTION FOR ACTION" on October 1st! We just received a donation from the Denver Broncos!
- Please stop saying Pryor has only 4 losses. The TX game was his loss too
We are getting packed up to head your way!
Super Saturday! What's errbody up to today?!
I just won conert tickets!!
Grilling day wahoo,
my 1 year old niece playing JUST DANCE 3. ah I LOVE MY FAMILY : )
Thanks Liz!! RT : Oh Jada! I am loving that avi!!!!
Ponyboy feels guilty for loosing 's lucky penny :(
probably doing nothing and studying lol. you got something planned forus?
Dentist at 10.. SCARED</3. Text me..
Ok tweeps: How will you be spending your Thanksgiving? We want to know!
I'm sure the numbers have grown. Would be interesting to see a more recent survey
hi :) ur gorgeous! follow? i love you <3
Yay congrats! Must be a big relief
Anonymous strikes again?
for all the attn given the legis process for this, will we also get daily construction updates/pics ;-)
To see your dreams come true you must be willing to pour into others dreams.... It is more blessed to give then to receive ACTS 30:35
I'll admit I'm guilty of calling certain ppl only when I'm bored *shrugs*
Yay! Wine will be a great way to celebrate being done with my first summer course
Later we tape with That show should be full of 80's wrestling, nicktoons of the 90's & why ATX has better Mex food than CAL.
Calm down. There is no need for so many exclamation marks.
Nostalgia and cheetah sex...I need another drink.
Im back bitches from my over week long vaction! Just in time to see Justin on the Voice.
If you're also a Hendo fan this is getting really weird.
lol - so have you studied the effects of maple sugar on one's mental state?
Early Morning Pickins! All the Worlds Idols R Dying! I wonder who's nexx;...
haha, "what if you were playing with an actual broom & you were just like swish swish down the field" hahah -Heather Gorodess
follow me
“ watching BGC reunion”
they say the GM tapped into opposing coaches headsets in 2002-2004.
Oh, did I miss some sarcasm?
feel warmer today, right?
My watch face bigger then ur dreams are. Dream bigger!!!
Access 2010 Intermediate, Excel 2010 Intermediate & PowerPoint 2010 all start anew this week. Last chance to attend before semester's end...
Congrats Pete! Enjoy the moment!
Finished Track 4 for "The Emperor of Monsters Soundtrack!". 8 more Tracks to go! Detroitexploitation Funk Worldwide!
At it's very best, boxing is the greatest sport.
Rainy and quiet day here in DC. Miss having the energy (and noise) of graduate students around.
I know I'm late but, "The New Adventures of Old Christine" is hilarious!
one of the many reasons why i love you so!
School?? blachh! ready to ditch anyday
whats up bud... Goodnight buddy..
Whatz up, what r u up to?
If you don't know where you are going. How can you expect to get there
Glad you liked The 1st #diversityInTech regional meetup at , thanks for coming out!
All of us learn to write in the second grade. Most of us go on to greater things. Bobby Knight
RT : #HTC blitzing One launches at multiple carriers. Will this halo product get them back in the game? BTW, what Sense version...
I know everything about CBB, I won my pool. I just gave you shitty picks cause, well, I dont really like you. sorry
3 Days for me jenni. you can do it when i get an urge i just chew gum :)
#Alfred_Hitchcock came under CIA surveillance for his use of uranium as a plot element in Notorious (1946). -
He said it! "I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel." - Puff Daddy
omg that sounds so painful!
and then mob music just creeps in lol
Trying not to be annoyed by pro-gay rights GOPers either equivocating their support of POTUS's words or outright attacking his statement.
lets get this shyet going
oh man, #lefty looks like me hacking around in the trees on a golf course
Wow just wow we have differences i choose not to be associated with my life please do my a favor and abide by my wishes.
Wow I can't believe Linares lost that fight it seems like Mexican Fighters are his Kryptonite!!!
I LUV DALLAS! #Priority!
Um, YES! Wow, thank you! I will absolutely email you :)
Why of course....aren't you!?
Great choice!
Yes! So sorry I missed his talk, but happy to meet over lunch alfresco :)
People just don't understand me smh
RT : Hey everybody let's raise a paw, claw, hand 2 for her expert info on vaccination topic 2nite. #FINCH93ROCKS!
_+!|!! VIPS GOING FAST FOR SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...NEED ONE?? THEN TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
They told me that they were going to use my case to create a white paper to help other people.
Pissed Off ! Don't Wanna Be Bothered With Anybody Or Anything !
call or text??
#REMIX Hardwell has collaborated with up and coming Dutch DJ Dannic on his latest track “Kontiki ”. It starts off with a nice driving ba
Hey all ^^ I'm not on this account very often sorry >.<
Coming up soon: "Pie and Coffee" from 8-9!
Come join us Tues for great sandwiches, soups, and coffees. 101 Stewart (at 1st Ave aX from Pike Market) 7am - 4pm
Thanks brotha! Miss ya man! RT YO! Follow my boy and his upcoming film
Thanks for coming out to swap! Sorry you missed the fitting room with the full mirror in the back. Hope you love your finds!
sing WAITING FOR TONIGHT!! WOAAHHHOHHH!
great job!
shxt go hard
Well...considering it's after Midnight...not much at all! lol! How about you? :)
you kilt that song w/ skypp
And yes
Good luck!
Found Empire Brewing Co. My lunch is therefore beer and sweet potato fries.
Really impressed that are asking how they can volunteer for
lol should only be used ironicly
and yet most ISP is either thru a phone or cable company, lol
Great to have found you here & now gladly follow. Keep up the awesome work at Forbes. I saw that you're also from J-ville.
no I didn't. We walked in during the middle of ur matches agianst naperville north. You played them first right?
A cooking demonstration of hotel standard vegan dining
this wouldn't happen if you'd hangout with me..
not really lol
found it
The LA mayor Villaraigoza in press conference anounce the opening of freeway 405 with no incidents
quote "thank god this towm gets up for one o its teams" #capsfever at
Bahaha. Okay good. x]
This girl needs to learn to multi-task. Taking 5 tables at once isn't that hard.
Three day weekend coming up
ate at red lobster today... yum yum. and my li'l baby is 2 already as of today, i can't believe it!!
Tuesday I wanna do a northern Californian adventure. Any suggestions?
just people.
Get it together
Just had one of if not THE most amazing sandwich! The over the top meatloaf sandwich! So good!
you are very welcome!
- Please revise that to the "Top 11" because has to be there somewhere!
Can't wait to see my puppy!!
was it good for you? And, you're welcome.
Wow fine ignore my txt but your going around asking my best friend in the world why she's my friend!!? What's your problem?
I wish I could. I have a required event that day which is at the same time.
I hate being yelled at. I seriously burst right into tears mainly because im an over sensitive person. I just take things harder than normal
Interesting taste! Love the glasses.
today's sexual wednesday.
haha thanks then we just ask for RTs once I post it today :) please and thank you
Welcome new followers! Be sure to join our Founder, Greg Frost Sr's LinkedIn group today...Back 2 Basics Marketing. Not only for LOs
Don't b sad at goodbyes. A farewell is necessary b4 u can meet again. & meeting again, after moments or lifetime, is certain 4 friends.
thank you
“: U know your depressed when u don't even feel like tweeting...” that is SO true!!!!
#AskObama I have the inventions to save America but no money to patent or develop it. Pls give me grant money to help us.
What makes it less useful to you now?
Believing the City will break ground on the CC expansion this year is an exercise in magical thinking.
ladies i will see you ((FRIDAY)) sleepdilla is going ((Mobile)) text your name and side of town to 773 494-0878
from Albuquerque New Mexico but moving to Denver Colorado
Do you think that higher #education in #India is going to reach out to the masses?
#RomneyYachtNames Grandpa Self-Deported
What Keeps the Food Industry Moving Forward, University Research in Food Science, and the Future of Vending Machines ...
Ok I needed to hear that! Ending off this crazy night on a good note :)
Mourning the death of Joe Paterno - a truly great man and great coach.
My Sat nite: no penis, just percocet and Parking Wars.
u no who dis iz now?
167north, DeLorean disabled on right side. Anybody have an extra flux capacitor??
it went extremely well... We had a great time with trinity and got to meet some other dope ministry teams!
hahahaha nice nice.
you might as well start now to catch up with me.
Happy Birthday Shawn!
Once more, Ouch! : : I got a 70. Klouchebag
#Top100Lies Don't worry about a thing - Ive got it ALL taken care of. What a joke.
Lmao thank u I'll be fine Shaynna!!!!!! I won't freeze to death
$75 closer to our $400 goal by Feb 16. Be a backer and get some perks! indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure. ~George Edward Woodberry
You open your eyes and the people you once knew have changed.
Braced Faced
tweet tweet
Elton looks pissed at Madonna. At least she kept her faux accent in the bag tonight.
All out! But on the rare occasion I don't I'm a eyebrow pencil only kind of girl.
Did you ever decide on a title for the OSF play?
Free estimates on your home remodle projects. Call me today.
thanks brotha! ya guys did better than we did, hopefully we both steal Game 2.
its funny how he thinks i.still have a lot of feelings for my old crush when really i dont -__-
Vince McMahon called the Oprah Network a "miserable failure"
Still time to get a gift certificate for a massage, pedicure, or Arasys 4 #Fathers Day ! Call 617-227-5499 www.adaraspaboston.com
that is an adorable picture. Enjoy the first Halloween with your son.
Write this Simma down folks. Ed Snider will not allow his players to be suspended in the playoffs..on HB & see the fans go nuts
Is your next cd ready?! Let us help build your Fan Base! MusicalStop.com !!!
follow me
Almost there! Congratulations on the best game I've seen...EVER!!!!
When it rains, we want cupcakes and coffee. Guess what we had for dinner?
is 'the most immediate way which a humanbeing can share with another the sense of what it is to be a humanbeing' O.Wilde
I can't read dutch, but I am 1/4 dutch if that counts...
Weather was so weird O_o
i have field days going through 's stuff. love love love.
damn straight son
I'm officially a girl now, I just got hair extensions today and I feel awesome.
Today i discovered that I love bluegrass. Where have you been all my life?
in the current battle against jetlag, i think i'm winning. we'll see how long that lasts... haha.
Saying a prayer and you felt it work >>>
aw it's all good, thx for reaching out! you were great at Pitch4k this summer, looking forward to hearing your set in March.
Banks might opt for shock therapy of letting BofA (or Citi) fail, hoping for a big bailout that would funnell money to the rest (a la AIG)
i like that i need i wont that i see that can i meet that where u be at..
just crazy to see one city spend millions on system others spend 400k... What's negotiated
PLS READ 's #EscapeFromCamp14: One Man's Odyssey from N. Korea to Freedom. Dystopia requires neither fiction nor time machine.
If you make a #digital mistake, admit it quickly and openly. Humor and humility go a long way.
wish you were here too! “: Wishing I was with my friend right now because Billy Collins is giving a Ted talk.”
H and Undertaker...quite a match! Respect n Submisson hahaha
You got it.
I bet a whole lot of homeless men on the NYC subway are real mad this Kony guy is getting all the attention
about to test my new waterproof #Lifeproof case in water
My phone really dont pop right now...its so dry...no one is talkin today.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Have fun be safe !(: i love you!!(:<33
currently drinking a green juice made of celery, spinach, apple, wheatgrass, and the taste of judgment cos I called a cupcake "breakfast".
Yep...I was right. It's Monday. Back to the grind.
So lately I've been spending ALL day on the computer, which is in my basement. & my mom thinks I'm trying to distance myself from her & (c)
Lightning talk: Susan, freelance historian & researcher. Hertiage Montgomery's Life In A Warzone. Life during the
i wanna dye mine back my hairs so dry :/
You tell me homie! I'm down for w.e.
Adrienne I think you should stop tweeting now.
USA...USA...USA! Bin Laden killed by American forces!
Guys, if anyone wants to make $50 cash doing 4 hours of extra work on a TV gig, email
This win today got me so pumped for next weekend. 3-peat here we come.
ANYWAYS! Which cuties are watching 's #ustream tonight?! :D:D
I don't care how old you are, how mean you are, how tall you are, If a little kid hands you their ringing toy phone, you answer that sh*t!
You know? Sometimes me conscience kinda bothers me... But not this time. ~ Bugs Bunny
“: To play or not to play” PLAY
#FF ! Our #AFT director!
I really really like Burn it down by linkin park. <U+E51F>
I can't get on twitter right now to RT your tweet, but I followed via txt if that counts :)
I'd tell ya, but the promotions department are responsible for further actions. I hope you get 'em soon!
“: Wtf ever since yall found out rihanna's last name was fenty yall Twitter names done changed” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
RT It's laughable/horrifying that the best we've come up with for queer kids is telling them "hang in there."
Thanks for the follow doll ;)
Heading out to west to stay on Venice Beach for a week and explore the L.A. area; will answer the question; "Can I live there full time?"
That's awesome.
in french. didn't do any of my homework.
About to get dressd the wifey ( ) an I r goin to the cinema
nope. 145 cases for the whole country. sorry.
S.O. 2 my 4th favorite intern (which she still isnt followin me) or better known as Ms. Racheal
I hate quotations. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
or find someway to have that connection to me?
Every meeting should end with a high-five tunnel. Finish the meeting & then game time!
lets hope not!
Staccato murmurs bubbled through the crowd. I had inflamed them. So be it. I was prepared to face the worst. I raised my fists.
aw dam! fell asleep on me..now whos ganna entertain me..haha
I sent Kit a note offering any help I cold do. The video I reposted this morning really struck home. sigh.
Congrats to for hitting 19k followers. This achievement unlocks ability to pants anyone wearing shorts on stage! cc
this is brand new information!!
Q4 #Foodiechats via What is your #AllTime favorite #Sushi Roll? - OH - so many!!! Dynamite Roll for sure!
I'm not #religious, i'm
Take part in new television show & could win up to a $1000 gift card to TS! TSC's Tough Grit - The Rural America Challenge
I find them changing the name on that label to "Trader Mings" racist.
lol no way he ever has, but he's red hot and using his size & I'm lovin it!
happy fathers day to mr. simpson :)<3
“: You know what hurts the most? the fact that i can't say i lost you. because apparently i never had you.”
Yay ... My college buddy is moving to san diego on the 29th ....
Luongo isn't Thomas, plain and simple, BUT he's not the only reason they lost. The Sedin sisters are nonexistent unless they're diving
Ive gotten soo many lectures about how much time I have to not pop out babies & how I'm so young....uh thhanksss
thanks for picking 12 noon today for the #fantasy draft. Not much else happening at that time.
My mom is giving me such attitude
we are officially concert buddies. It was so nice meeting you guys tonight! You all are the greatest!! ;)
yes the school you and I attend
My dad is listening to Fuck The Police.... This cannot be anymore awkward.
It's time to plant tulips! We're planting 10,000, how about you?
Thanks for following Vinyl Judgement. Keep up the good work!
now your saying that he shouldn't be the leader I don't get you if lebron is the leader why Chalmers was the top performer
Can't wait for bicentennial events!
5 years, 42 mil, 22 guaranteed. he better be suckin his agent off daily and swallowing for that deal. lol
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever. - Proverb
Please wish my best friend a happy 17th birthday!?
Dis some str8 up bs it was my weekend and everybody was unhappy wit everything I did...sorry I felt da need to do something for me
Next weekend Im going out, I need a stress reliever!
#Darban's on 5th and Cedar is one of the absolute best #restaurants in #SanDiego! Seriously awesome.
Everyone needs to make sure to tell how handsome he looks in orange and blue...cc:
i knew Lyric wasn't just tan for his age.
psssh I can kick so many people's butts at Dance Dance Revolution. That's cool right?
public comment woke me up!
Aren't they yum, thanks 4 coming : Just left the farmers market. Forgot how much I liked boiled peanuts
Robson resigns from BC Quorum Court - Baxter Bulletin
best twist ever lol
yay and are comin today to
Search people - thanks for your help over the last 2 days. I'm flattered to have friends like you. You know who you are.
You're watching football now, not an appropo time to try to get you to respond to one of my tweets, but maybe someday.
oh . LOLOLO . i thought you really were i was like AWE<3
Ok, what am I working on.
My Family doesn't love me I haven't eaten since like 3, YET I get home from practice and their fa asses didn't leave me anything -.-
Statistically, 132% of all people exaggerate.
girl:i got to go to the bathroom.boy:yeah right you do more than that.girl:like what.boy:hair. makeup,take pictures of self.anything else
It's been months since a book on my electronic library wait list has been available. Today? Two came in. Simultaneously.
Editing This Video When It's Done It Will Great..<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5>
That horrifying moment when a girl tells you she's a nerd & you ask her what nerdy stuff she likes and she only says Twilight.
aw thank you bek! yess let's definitely skype soon!
Nite tweeter... have fun y'all.. be safe tho uh.... blessings luvs.......
Chocolates & wine anyone? Our Valentine’s Day Pkg incl all you need to have a romantic getaway for $99.95. Call 360-696-0411 for details.
Have a great day!
My table mates' jittery typing is putting my coffee at risk of spilling.
Keep your eye on Kon-E-zee for its May 1st Roll Out in Florida
I think I have strained both my hands and eyes from overtweeting. Reception time!
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 4
so are we all going to radiohead in austin or what? you got the procurement tony?
You are at humanside
Happy Belated Birthday
Lmao she ham. I dig it
Love, love the cookie lady.
yes, reporting: one of my faves, thx!
the "MCA" resolution is genius sir. i know it passed senate but if there's anything else that's needed, i'm in.
I agree with you & understand, but without them, people whine, complain, bitch and moan. This is OUR team, or atleast it should be
Who's buy lunch?
-I Need To Go To Sleep!
Repost if u ever tried to turn off the light and jump in the bed before it went off....or open the fridge door b 4 the light came on...lol!
A new study is saying you may not want to wear high heels 5 days a week... hear more on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS.
I would agree to that!
Thank you for affirming me as a person/book reader/book blogger! ;) You just made my day.
Are you at #SXSW already? Bring an umbrella.
shut up :p I NEED to pass
Happy #TunesTuesday.....oh yeah!
heard you were coming for a night! :) yay wish you could stay longer!!
interesting...I know nothing of the NC theatre scene other then the shitty Outdoor summer drama I used to run in Boone.
nice- lots of interests i see. that's good- what teams would you be interested in blogging about?
Just registered for the Atlanta Half Marathon on Thanksgiving Day! :D
#Birthdays in #Vegas are so flipping fun! :) What are you guys into? Shows, tours, clubs, an adrenaline rush like no other?
Have you heard the new track!
Fun night reffing faculty game with had some tough calls but we took the critics
Looking to do some camping this weekend! Can anyone suggest a good place to find some gear?
While on my motorcycle, my Ray Bans fell out of my jacket somewhere on 465. Not sure how I'm going to go on.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
thank you, likewise it was great meeting you yday I hope to make it tomorrow.
oh yes, cannot get enough of that yummy drama + scandal!! RT: Counting down until #revenge ...
When converting foreign currency, do you transaction at a bank.
Why can't I be skinny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
please run for president.
so either i have a job or not on wednesday hahaha we eill soon find out
#5bestsmells his cologne...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Birth, copulation and death. That's all the facts when you come to the brass tacks. T. S. Eliot
Happy 4th of July!!!
Awareness and focus is key
Councilmember Ed Reyes speaking for Chinatown residents. Concerned about traffic given school across street
It's a branding thing--we have always done that weekend. Don't want to create confusion. + cost enters into equation
I am about to start a course to get my ESL certificate and am so excited about the possibilities that will open up.
W/BREAST cancer how do you support it??
Students! Get into any of our shows for $1 this weekend. Just show us your student ID.
um so like when are you, Dee Dee, and I going for an all night stroll? lol I just had fantasies of us cruising, lol.
Watching "The Ed Show" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Hey man. I just saw you took the site down. As bitter as some of the guys have gotten, your site serves such an imp. purpose
soo I decided ur gonna walk with me to class from now on haha. :)
Yo I'm in NYC txt me I lost all my numbers
No school for me :)
"Eat more bacon" that's about it... ;)
Here's your next clue - The winner of the Santorini Sweepstakes has been a member since January 14th, 2011.
It was for me....my first ND game...full house...also look at Liberty Bowl victory over Ohio State.
Jammin real wit you at 2 am
I'm such a ladies man. Well older ladies man. -.--
Let's start a google doc before we meet in person so we don't lose the ideas!
Good morning to you too
Were stating the show in anout an hour, if you have any questions for on air send um here!
come get me!
Congrats Lady Owls on the win tonight!
Yeah, I learned A LOT of key info to being successful. But on the side I'm going to a technical college. #busy!
For drivers on Oakton St that I just entertained by jumping out of my skin bc of huge lightning strike& then pouring rain, you're welcome :l
Amazing weekend not ready for school tomorrow though
thank you Kela!
Kymani "Biggs" Marley Performs in Spain Tonight. Then Back To The Production Of The Shottas TV Series. Play Time Over.
Finally in Charlotte! Whew! What a looonngg day!
haha all the time I going to stop in for a better hello but I didn't know if you were busy. Better be seeing you again..randomly
Hatton: I ain't as dumb as I look! Folsom: You couldn't be!
"poor people" don't have iphones : )
Merry Christmas, hope everbody gets it in because it tis the season.
my lord you will b ok
RT : RT : Dear "cool people", They didn't name a candy after you, did they? Sincerely, Nerds
Watching because I can't sleep! [^?^]
"Lump Sum" by Bon Iver. Holy beautiful.
LOL, yeah I have the same problem with the same kid :-D
how do u kno
That's a dingy ass hat you wearing lol
Tonight i'll be spinning ! Get ready because it's gonna be really wild. Can't wait!
My daughters are still young, 4 and 10 months. They are a joy! I love the portraits of your daughter. How old is she now?
nah, fuck bills. The best things in life are free man.
29 points and 13 assists for Parker
When life gives you lemons, take 'em. Free shit is cool.
sippin on gin and juice
My life right now >>>>
Saving it till the end!!
Names being called, the guy called him crazy, the other guy called him an ass
No problem. I've been dealing with turntable stuff myself. Want to get mine set up again.
so im convinced this thing in my nose is a tumor
I thought I was the only one, Rich. Yet, another thing we have in common.
Can u talk about balancing passion 4 ur work & practical salary considerations? Have u found that balance?
Disarmament, with mutual honor and confidence, is a continuing imperative. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Two breaking stories. Tim Tebow is now a #Jet and #Saints coach Sean Payton has been suspended for the entire 2012 season.
All 439 of those will be on Facebook tomorrow talking about their moral victory.
Pinterest is next my friend. And they will go for at least twice that ransom.
Is this your new Eat Right NFL campaign thing?
Just confirmed THE will be singing with the T Brewer Trio at Birdland Jazz in Berk on 4/22! hope ur in attendance!
Well, actually, I did read Drifting House. Very sad.
lulz okay actually going to sleep now NANIGHT x
I wanna see you since you're back in the country and pissing people off already ;)
where in Fairmount is Hickory Lane Bistro?
I really enjoyed this weekend with my family though...
I just wanna shop online in euros. #evolvingfurnituretaste #skitsch wish it was more avail stateside.
I dislike hypocrites. I ain't bout that life.
It's offical I got all A's and I am a member of AIGA today is a great
Happy Birthday, !
Jesus Christ his tongue is the size of my entire body.
Today I Watched hockey, baseball, horse racing, ufc, basketball, and now canelo/Mosley and mayweather/cotto bout to go down... Go Thunder
Thanks for re-tweeting. Have a wonderful week!
That awkward moment when you do something creative - like draw or write a song - And then realize it sucks.
...most of the people who walk into my store either have tattoos or piercings....i think I'm falling into that category....lol
*Tears* >>RT : Got damn Popeyes high as shit. $7 for a 2 piece? How long this been going on?
Happy birthday to our wonderful volunteer resume writer, Phil Graham!
Miami is looking like trash!
Best Deal in #Portland. This weekend we are selling all new vehicles at invoice!
great! Glad to hear it :-)
should come into school early and work on the broadcast.
or tartar sauce.
not really. We have a newsletter that gets put out sporadically, but with FB we plan on getting more info out.
is MJ really gone?
i just proved i will serenade yo b****!....nigga...
God, I love how filthy you are. I'm really hot and bothered right now.
- read the article! Good looking out dawg!! Just a matter of time.... #we already there...
Shopping to wear nothing tonight. For bare bowling! !!!!
Attending Transforming Libraries webinar. Super interesting stuff about co-ownership & conversation to engage the community.
They're having major dropped-calls problems and you guys offered to swap for an inferior phone. Why not let them pay difference?
and let's not forget
I really...REALLY...dislike Shakespeare. This class is worthless to myself and anyone in it...#Shakespeare is overrated.
lol nah my nigga never that..
When your feather is longer than your hair you should reconsider.
how can I share with my non-twitter friends your prank and the most notable reactions? do you have a chronological compendium?
Why? Because beetle feet are incredibly well designed, and might even inspire a new type of adhesive.
I will never, ever, ever take artists for granted again.
u said it....draft day baby!
If They Said Anything Mean, I Wouldn't Be Able To Hear Them Anyway Over Hunter And My Muffled Singing! (:
3 times as many products as Amazon.com, 1 shopping cart 4 over 45 million products, comparison shopping & the worlds best compensation plan
"the night was filled with life but my glass was always empty"
Im going to be done with all social networks soon as fake instagram profiles start following me
You should use it in a post. It's so perfect!
I love my family
being a parent is the most rewarding and difficult job i have ever had in my life. i just need a translator who speaks 11 year old please!
Love the rain...
If you're having girl problems I feel bad for you son. I've got 99 problems but a bitch aint one.
I messages him back. Unfortunately I'm catching an early flight tomorrow morning. :-(
It looked much better that the Vikings' performance so far. We're down by 3 to Detroit after the first quarter
Good Morning Fans! Where are all of your pics of your weekend gigs?
you worked on O.A.R's music video? awesome dude! I'm gonna visit sometime!
- yep. You sure did Brian! We both married out of our pay grade! Tell Majannah & the kids we said hi.
Having a major #sugarcraving right now...but I'm not giving in!!
See this week's winner below!
alas, no....but I have a HS friend in the Twin Cities who I'm pitching it to (L&D/training type)
Now I know how hard it is 2 get followers I have retweeted lots of people and ONE of de only people 2 follow is thnx a lot!
Whoa. Thank you for the info. I see CTA has service is back to normal now.
Awesome article. Thanks for sharing.
how is chicago? :D
Studio 7004 menu 2night: Oxtail Stew for me, NY Strip for Katie, Steamed Mussels for Olivia, Roasted beets/carrots for all. M.
Checkout Jordis on Youtube...Amazing Rock to almost a Gentleness that carries the message of the Writer...I Believe in Jordis
In the studio droppin some serious shit with and
Sartre experience vecue williams lived experience j chander England N 1819 + women’s lib consciousness raising me = <3 othr peples footnotes
. great to see you on Twitter!
If you have a poster that outlines the tenets of Self-Determination Theory pinned up in your office…
yes they will! I'm excited!
Did you know that pierre Beaumarchais, author of the Figaro play, was also a gun runner and spy during the American Revolution?
Ha! That mixes it up a bit - maybe I should teach them tomorrow for cool points...
is hanging with 14th & U Noon-2 this afternoon. Come say hi!
on a more serious note, chestal works wonders - you can get it at cvs
thank you too
RT Just imagine how much shorter church would be if Busta Rhymes was the preacher... Even quicker if twista were the preacher
RT : This is Friendship Seven. I can see the whole state of Florida laid out like on a map. Beautiful.
the thought has crossed my mind. But I'm not sure my therapist would approve.
wise choice. you should also escape campus. and eat some chicken express for me. and their okra. oh how i miss the okra.
shoes and clothes all over my room -.-
oh, I would have thought that it would have been the voices in your head
idk darling! I miss you too! Probably when.I move home whenever that is!
Ha, Thanks sis! Mucho Love to you!!
Happy birthday to Such a stud! Such a great example of Jesus. Such a huge help/encouragement in my life.
i want to go to Africa and take pictures of lions... #IsThatWeird?
Seeing a spider in my sandwich isn't a problem. It becomes a problem when i realize i've already eaten half of the sandwich. #sogross!
ALL NEW STUFF UP :D
Have u ever seen Wanda Sykes and Usher together at the same time? Just sayin...
good answer. Looking forward to the show here in Denver... In the ghetto.
wishing to get a retweet/tweet from ... lol who am i kidding?!
yeah i dont think i have any listed though if i do i def need to update that... i always leave the quantity high as people add
songs been out for a little while now, good stuff!
oh well have a safe flight darling!!!! be glad you missed steps last night... i wanted to die. it was soo hard
Hide the evidence.
Zeno's 2nd Paradox: First step, no matter how long the journey, is infinitely small.
"The Loneliest Lion" ...
Step up and lead the world to stop Kony's crimes this year #KONY2012 #[yourcountry]
Love The Daily Show (watching it now!) and The Colbert Report. Keeps all the rightwing craziness in check.
I miss this:(
Thanks Evan, I am looking forward to it.
today they are :-)
An ethos from which we can all learn.
it would indeed! I'm not sure I'm the man with the power unless there's a specific open job here you are interested in
Austin retweeted you!!! OMG
Pocket Full Of Sunshine : )
How many pounds do you guys want to lose by May? :) and How many pounds do you want to lose overall? Let's support eachother!
If u ain't getting money what u doing
you guys are nailing it
Thanks, Fifth Element Soundtrack, for going along *perfectly* with my Hunger Games reading time last night.
and it's off! (now we wait.)
you already are
Gave an interview to a journalism student this morning and now extremely curious as to what angle she will write on or use for her class.
4 more hours. American Horror Stories. You have me HOOKED.
Always had a soft spot for Hermione Granger from Harry Potter! Love that she used the library to problem-solve.
Thanks! Watch us in Chicago Thursday at 9pm on
I respectively disagree ocho... He was our bread and butter for years and purposely wanted to play for our rival team. I'm hurt
Happy birthday native americans! Thanks for inviting the founding fathers to shoot off fireworks with you.
Thank you. I've been practising that disco fever pose for many years now!
that's a good thing!
Best book I read this week: The Book of the Maidservant by Rebecca Barnhouse. funny, touching, adventurous Medieval pilgrimage story
thank you for the twitter love! a couple friends joined this week and they are so excited for their first box! you are awesome!
The saying " if u always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you always got" Is soo true!
What a gorgeous start of a weekend.
Sprint is the Poor Man's Verizon ... think the Upside is they still have Unlimited Data but ya can't Talk @ Surf @ same time!
bwahahahahahahahaaa! RT : What in the HELL is going on right now?
Good Morning everyone....hope yall have a great day!
you know, I gave you my number. :p
On this episode of #cinemapocalypse we'll talk Statham and Segel as well as review The Lucky One and Goon. Help me spread the word and RT:)
Retweet if you think should sign up for the CrossFit Games. #crossfit (cc: )
thanks for sharing your thoughtful remarks abt. interoperability and mobility features with the group!
haha u mean arabic this is hebrew <U+05E7><U+05D4><U+05E2> <U+05DC><U+05DC><U+05E9> <U+05E3><U+05E5><U+05E0> hehehe spybar huh nice i will try to stop by going to grandbar for a bit
Spent about $200 on varieties of berries which I'll be planting in about 15 minutes.
thank you :)
I'm a very good keeper of secrets.
RT #YouKnowItsRealWhen I share my food with you.
oh and I miss you too(:
Leverage your #linkedin contacts to create field trip and speaker opportunities 4 students!
VOC Tip: You choose who you allow in your inner circle. Do you want to soar with the eagles or cluck with the chickens?
NOT ON TWITTER
does she need some company?
Hanging out with my Best Sisters &
Sir em i dont have a mustache that's u mom lmaooo dont beat me
RT "Put power of engineers in the hands of artists & designers"
If it aint about Music Ministry it aint about nothing in my world, if I dont praise God with this instrument Im done the enemy cant have it!
Feedback from the single has been amazing, thanks guys! keep spreading the word!!!!
Good morning vin!
I like the big ten spectrum of coaches...but the big-tenification of the game (grabbing on def and moving picks on off) is bad...
B**** I'm on my EDDIE WINSLOW today!
Alice, I hope everyone starts singing, "I saw the Light".
so what time is it there?
Reading about all the amazing benefits of boabab extract and shea butter on the skin. Pretty amazing stuff!
We have no wait at the moment. Come on over to #FountainSquare and get some Thai food and a
life is all about change. Embrace and enjoy.
i almost lost mine! Lol
tell him we understand Samardzija is the 2nd best receiver in Chicago but Wrigley Field stopped hosting the Bears in the 60s
#RedSox LF Daniel Nava throws strike to home after catching liner to left, holding all runners.
it's unacceptable..how could the club allow him to go ahead with such a thing..they're all of sewage mentality.
Reading #leadfromthe heart. You hooked me right from the start. Working on you being on "Change Your Life Radio" soon!
#twitterconfession : the beard is getting shaved. longest iv been without shaving..i like it, but just not ready for it yet haha
on mah way
#ThankYouFriends For being the fucking best people in the world! I love you lots<33
First outdoor tanning session complete!! #Seattle #Fremont Accompanied by Taylor and Coco Cola!
Wish i could be there! Have to work RT :Playing a show in Atlantic City, NJ at 10:00 PM today at Mixx
Today is all you'll ever have
Join us for a cocktail this evening here at QBar in the Hotel #Albuquerque! Just North of Mountain on Rio Grande!
When we taste the bitter end, & hunger life again, we take another turn..
Does your bank like you? Well, we do! Like us back!
To my dog advocate followers/friends - any idea why my Golden licks my Sheppard's ears (the inside) all the time? Odd or just bonding?
#GoldenGlobes Why are those people howling and screaming? So, this is what happens when u don't have an education?
Politely turns up Mary Mary "Go Get It" in my ear buds...
Too hot!!! Lol. Elizabeth McGovern doesn't age!!!!
thanks! Again I had a great time.
I am still hoping to make it to Homework, it'll be a busy and exciting fall!
lol...and my crush is preggo,
How is everything
And this is why I love you. So funny!
James Bond will be drinking beer rather than his signature vodka martini in the next Bond film Skyfall-and 007 fans are not happy about it.
The real risk is doing NOTHING
that's what happens when u only do 20k 1st week
thanks for the RT my friend! :)
Do you have any Saturday morning specials? I need to get the wife out of the house!!
My roommate decided to be a stunt driver with my truck yesterday
Looking forward to seeing you (if you can spare the time)
Dominated in ping pong today. He's good at programming...just OK at ping pong.
yea I can its gonna be like 100-120 a tray tho...that's like 10-15 brownies
Hm I think my next tattoo is gonna be my dad face
Yes, #GlenBeck - God is finally exacting his righteous punishment on the human race. What kind of idiots listen to this guy??
is this guy serious... RT : Settle a debate between and I. Better looking? USC Song Girls or LSU Golden Girls?
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, But the wisdom that comes from heaven is first of all pure; then peace-loving, considerate,...
Thanks for the late lunch!
Here a dawsism that came out today. I told my publicist Tiffany Bearden that her knees were buzzing cause... She's the bees knees haha!
being influential in deVries would be pretty boss though
and you have to have a paid subscription to read about it...
"Somehow it all works out"
sell it.
Cause you decided to go all manly, fella <U+2665>
good question.
It's Friday! Get a little crazy tonight but stay safe everyone xx
Did Dick Cheney get a heart transplant the same way George W and Dan Q got National Guard appointments?
one of my favorite movies, funny but sad at points but very real and very good.
: ) RT : if Members could trade on bill futures in a congressional market
MN bands are in Austin, Texas for a wildly popular music festival. Which ones are performing. Find out at 4PM on
At the ABNY Young Professionals event with 32BJ President Mike Fisman
that is powerful. time to crush live poker with that thing
That awkward moment when you trip UP the stairs.
Q3) LD needs to measure success by learners improving performance on the job.
Sunday is for cleaning and cleansing. Clean house = clear mind.
Me: "Oh, no! You can't eat chicken with a bum thumb." Mama Bear: "Uh, yes you can. Nothing comes between a bitch and her chicken."
“: On twitter instead of sleeping...#YOLO” why do I live this way?
Hey everyone, for a great tan offer go to dealoria.com. 55% off unlimited tanning at U Tan.
I MEAN I DIDNT SEE THE GAME AT ALL.
Just got asked to prom in the cutest way! Love my BFF! Now I'm truly excited for prom! :)
Did they let you pass? We're trying to get thru coming back from NYC to Boston.
" love you the right way, he aint gunna ! "
Get the word out! Express Lube is giving away CENTER COURT FRONT ROW SEATS to a Spurs game. Visit www.expresslube.com to enter.
yeah I haven't.
MTV should just forgo the upcoming season of Teen Mom and give Jenelle her own show. I'd watch the shit out of that ongoing train wreck!
wow t nasty. I thought we had something
If at first you don't succeed, fuck it. What's on TV?
I have to work on my AND 9 Months </3 #grrrrr -__-
sorry serge
Rockin' my #convert2revert shirt today! What are you rockin' out?!
Mystikal is back
Where did all of the mobile payments news go? Became used to expecting a few major stories a day.
came to WMHS with nine friends. finished with two.
Yes! Leave it to Saturday!
This is objectively speaking, swear to God, but Favre's post-game press conferences were great. He moved you. You felt his pain, success.
im on my twitter from one ipod & my facebook on another ipod. like a boss
what would you do without us?
He said I got Groupies, Hoes, & A Fan Club .... Damn Idek that lol lol
Changed my mind so much I can't even trust it, my mind changed me so much I can't even trust myself
Was I supposed to feel giddy after taking part in my 1st Quinnipiac Univ poll?! Awesome!
idc if you dont like kobe as a person, you have to respect the way he plays the game
Thank you so much for the #FF LOVE! :-) You guys cook with awesomesauce!
i tought he`s with selena ????? o.O
must be on his way up... He's got a name tag waiting for him.
Looking for a #Gators win in the near future
most certainly!
Focus on WHAT for competence. Focus on HOW for involvement. Focus on WHY for inspiration.
And thats how the cookie crumbles.
Last 18 hrs: met girl just out of juv hall, learned about health of Chula Vista kids, story abt refugee headed to Stanford. Work is fun.
i absolutely love 'Afternoons w/ David Hockney' it's such a jam!! The new album is amazing!!!
hey was citability.org chosen for something? nifty!
better question is who are you?
We need this come on #Grizzlies #conley Ballin
Thanks for sharing!
wow actin is really my first love. how i love it so... truly my calling and form of expression.
Looking for a position working at a University (Alumni Relat., Student Activit., or Freshmen Life) or to Transition into Early Childhood
hi Melissa! Thank you so much for watching my rap!! I love the show so much too! I followed you also!! --Claire!!
hell no I don't have another one I just started working 3 months ago but with all my bills It's hard
Thanks for the comments on my pics hehe
...think "higher" fat instead of low carb. Fat and protein keeps you fuller and gives you needed calories. Would not go too...
Just skip my "big kiss" tho ...
PRAYING GOD NEEDS TEW B A PRIORITY NOT A OPTION OR CHOICE!!!WE DNT GVE GOD OUR ATTENTION BT ALWAYS WNT SUM
Times like this I wish my dogs could be inside ^.^
Just got my new obey shirt :)
Gary Thorne takes off occasionally, and when he does Jim Hunter fills in.
I need info but no one is texting back!!
WOAH!! “: If true, I got at least one right. Relieved. Hearing Hérculez Gómez is being called into USMNT camp.”
u asked lol.. i was just helpin u out light skin shesh
Misused word #237: PENULTIMATE
MT : There will be a TweetUp this year. Elizabeth (Chicago President) is putting it together. Follow #stc12 for more info.
Listen! Did you hear her screaming as each man takes turn raping her?
REAL men take NAPS!!
Thanks for the follow. I'll spread the word about the Cash Bash.
this guy is unbelievably terrible!
Think my head is preparing to explode. Email loaded with writing/reviewing offers. I know, POOR ME.
Changing the world of mobile commerce one coupon at a time
WHO GOING 2 CIAA??? IF SO go to www.werunci2012.eventbrite.com TO GET TIX TO THE HOTTEST EVENTS OF THE WEEKEND!
I knocked back one for each TD in the falcons playoff game XLV year. Good shit
can't sleep .
NO school today ^_^
you know, I think you may be on to something. Hopefully your day gets better.
Honoring and saluting all who've served on this Remembrance Day. We are ever thankful for your courage and commitment. Happy Veterans Day.
Otis had me cracking up today
Congratulations to (and our friend ) on Best New Startup of 2011!
4 month sleep regression continues. I'm tired.
Bluestone says the #BelmontBridge design competition could be "great opportunity" to create new space/area/feeling for city
Watching chopped and on twitter i love my life
Thank you for all your hard work you put into vador.tv your interviews are invaluable for a start up company.
Fasten your seat belts fans. This 4th quarter could get really interesting
I'm freezing! I loathe this storage facility on rainy days.
Emo girls need to go cry in the bathroom
If I had to pick one food to eat for the rest of my life, it would probably be Pop Tarts. That's what's on my mind today.
no worries do you come to Dallas often if so im still down 4 drinks my treat! my # 214-724-0429 thnx 4 ur time
Have tons of fun though! Is Andrew going too? :)
PUT A PIC OF UR SHOES
Going to see the hunger games soon!
RT I could complain this morning BUT instead I thank God!!!
Let us know and maybe we can meet up!
I think that if everyone watched Glee the world would be a better place.
84 away so I need a "I'll have another" type stretch drive to catch up! Best of luck with the Champions 4 Kids! Great cause
#Bestdressed was definitely #GwenethPaltrow she looked flawless!
I had a feeling most celebrities were completely worthless people. Then Twitter came along and confirmed my suspicions.
you rap about "What's a goon to a goblin" I believe the correct answer is
Oh the music grind is an interesting one
My butt looks cute when I lay on my stomach :)
can we PLEAASSEEE go fishing next week??
omg I wish I could be there. I will find a tv and yell from there.
we'll do #kingsisland another time. Just be
Did you get some digits on Friday at " Guys, man up and call her. #BeAMan"
Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life. -Les Brown
Happy New Years Eve <3;
haha true so then I suppose it's equal ;))
I thought it was Love & HIP HOP what's Hip Hop about showcasing nothing but Cat fights!!! Show should b "The Hip-Hop Girlfriends"
you sir made one of the best desserts!!
Lol!! Thanks, Heather (: She's mah sweet angel<3
Drinks with Prem = awesome
Don't put that in your mouth!
Everything that shines isn't always going to be gold. Stay positive!
Thanks for the shout Danny
Let me know when you find it. I'm Yacht ready in da Bronx!
Lol Nick Young
Journey's " Don't Stop Believin'" just came on, and the restaurant instantly got quieter. People wanna listen, I can tell. cc:
#LPR2011 to #TedCruz - will Rs support #immigration reform that includes #amnesty? Probably not.
WELL SAID!
i can enter to win nyc tickets OMFG
Yes. read all 3.
pretty well man. Hows school going?
#obama should lead by example - > #spreadthewealth w/ all the campaign $ he's raising.
Great connection group tonight!
Don't you hate when you belatedly realize there's a grammatical mistake in a tweet?
You mean Beer and Weed on the way home.
If you start out doing it.....they will expect it ever time.....
It's been 22 hours since tweeted and I need him to tweet again. I'm going through withdrawal.
don't have too much fun without me!!
Have to see Safe House this weekend, as well as host clients at the Fox Theater!
I want to cuddle with her
How am I dying from 2 miles after I did 13 last week? My knees are killing me!
I'll never let your head hit the bed without my hand behind it
Webcam won't work. I need to take a new photo of my self. -.- le takes the other laptop. Lol trying to take photos on two laptops HAHA epic
Who's taking me to lunch? “: It's Ben Franklin's Birthday! Take a librarian, postal worker or scientist to lunch!”
We're going to make a Costco run on Friday, too.
Look at me gettin all philosophical on yalls asses. Don't act like y'all don't love that shit.
If it's been that long... have you been requoted since? You're probably overspending by a lot. If we can help, let us know.
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire. - William Butler Yeats
What the hell, Milan? If you loose this game..
RT Life is what happens to you while you're busy making animated gifs of that fucking TV show about mopey vampires.-J. Lennon
The third clue in our Santorini Sweepstakes is, the winner lives near water.
“We enjoy the process far more than the proceeds.” - Warren Buffett
Why does my iPhone keep wanting to change the word "hell" to "he'll". Get a grip Apple. Some of us do curse! LOL
Early to bed, early to rise, makes you healthy, wealthy & wise.
If you are thinking of selling please contact me for a FREE Analysis. 585-455-2443. Tons of buyers looking
.. I will see both of you in a few... Lol
A friend wants to know if fashion bloggers can deduct money spent on clothes. And if she should then immediately begin blogging. About pants
okay, i don't accept it. take care
youre gonna kill it! wish i was there
#Dodger game tonite with wife and son. Early but not even 1/8 of a crowd. Thankfully I'm a #Rockies fan!
So I'm usually very secretive about this information but I thought why not.. my sensitivity I'm playing on right now is 20, 30, 25
Wow! He is a very handsome young man!
I love my bestfriend ; no one even knows how much! I can't express it enough<3she's my one&only bestfriend & always will be;*
SSEDS leads the way !
Saw #Hangover2 last night, it was pretty epic! review to follow shortly
leslie harris from tmz on with us in minutes
good morning everyone. ready to tackle the day :)
But I'm Not Gunna Do It I Only Have One Class Left ! .
just drew up a reapers holding a M4 assault rifle for my old SF unit to use as there new SF Symbol...wicked
I was your friend when nobody else was..
70 ultra high quality ingrediants in one delicious shake! The healthiest meal of the day! Do you want FREE a sample of Shakeology?
I got yo protein
Doesn't look like the #occupydc protestors are quite ready to leave. Should make it fun to walk around McPherson Square today.
Have you entered our ***FREE TICKET FRIDAY*** contest? Check it out now!
You owe me a car wash.
retweet if you can't live one day without Selena<3
hm thats good!
aww, thanks friend! :o)
good day to you too Daniel
ha it was his second one, first was just for $3500
You deserve 9,000th tweet. #Congrats Victoria :{) You made all the best tweets to everyone. Many Victorians love you. <U+2665> :)
. We will take you up on that, if/when legislation is being debated.
He didn't want you for five months. Then out of nowhere he desperately wants you and you don't find anything weird about that?
Monica, are you still located down here in FL? I'm a free agent so-to-speak also. It's still a great accomplishment by you.
lets do something kinda urban like trey songz or even Ne-Yo-
SOMEBODY tell these local hating Ho's that Im GLOBAL....
A Price To Pay
I don't think I've ever been this excited/nervous about a game in my life! Come on
don't let the agent get you down... looking forward to introducing you tomorrow at
Fuck your life.
Watching Gary Carter coverage is sad. As a 5-6th grader I loved the 86 Mets. Did a HS book report on his autobiography. RIP
looking forward to being in Triple D at the meet and greet. S/O to
Who's excited for the weekend?!? 1 more day!
.i want to get faded with HIM <333
#YourNotUglyBut Your attitude is.
If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as lines produced but as lines spent. ~ Edsger Dijkstra
Hey ! Can you talk with me!? Nobody want talk with me!
Just won the Book of Mormon lottery!
So we let the guy were getting compensated for choose his compensation and were surprised we got a nobody? Makes sense.
maybe, if I can get someone to drive me.....
Logan Co. State's Attny: Bond now set @ $1 million for Jeremy Yates, 32 y/o accused of beating & robbing bartender @ Korn Krib in Latham.
Matthews is a fool and guess what stupid, Hussain Obummer will indeed be defeated in 2012..thrill up your leg gone you slobberer..
Nope, don't think so, keep me posted on your whereabouts so we can meet up
Have to take these immunization shots today /:
RT New Girl is killing me. You guys need to watch this show. Seriously.
donald quit frim embarassment after the game
not sure about this camelbak water bottle just yet...
Ben Fry at U.Va.'s New Horizons event. We're never going to have less data. How do we deal with it?
RT I use to love tami cuz she was real but this situation is over the top!!!
Showering with a sunburn has to be one of the most painful things in life.
I think I may have just accidentally wandered into a Bangladesh street fair...?
My fish are like that too! One day they got sick of it and bit the bully's tail off, but even that didn't stop him. o.O
We're putting together a "MEET N DRINK" with these guys... My Darkest Days. They party quite hard. U might want to practice...
Dionte Burton has great elevation on his shot maybe too much
its not as much fun without brets flip-outs and angry mood swings haha
haha....of course! I'm laughing only b/c I don't have to bathe her.
Band Tonight at 9 pm. Lone Star buckets 10 dollars all night!
Attention , I know rush hour varies across VA, but in DC rush hour is PEAKING at 8am. Meaning, don't begin construction on 50.
haha I told you(: I'm a little sore too though!
": can this cleve fan pleasee get a reply! i still love u!" then thats your problem not his, get off his D
asparagus walrus are the most majestic of creatures. ;)
Sister Christian...."Motoring" = "Motor Boating" his sister and how she found Mr. Right
ATTN: Everyone be sure to tune in Today (11/22) to BET's 106 & Park for the premiering of 's music video Ride Wit Us!!
When you feel like giving up, remember why you held on for so long in the first place.
This rainy NYC weather blows... not exactly inspiring unless crying in a bathtub alone while wearing clown make up is your kinda thing. haha
As a librarian I find the current letter on Amazon's homepage just gross.
#iUse for #Networking and connecting w/ long lost folks you #Super THIRSTY muthafuckas annoy me. (That Is All) ..
Cheers to all the moms out there!!
lol these bitches dont even know my name !!!!!! thats the crazy part . ctfu .
I'm doing well; just under a deadline for a marketing presentation tomorrow for a small nonprofit. How are you?
#MMchat how important is the 'social media policy' to reputation mgmt?
excuses excuses Madeline. Man up! Lol
- Unfortunately, the lie is working. Brown is gaining significantly in the polls, mostly among white men.
Awesome tour & mtg at today. Really cool space & an awesome addition to the Boston/Cambridge #startup community.
Whenever I go to the liquor store, I get the same feeling as going to a fireworks stand as a kid
Chicken Little will forever be one of my favorite movies.. Thank you Disney for having it on right now
When a friend needs you, you do whatever it takes to be there for them.
u sent me a dm and i am so cofused.
We really wish we could be in Scottsdale for the screening on Thursday. Hardest part of being an indie filmmaker - $$$.
Yeeah,I've 3months with the best man in my life;***I love U
Lay the wood hemp, lay the wood.
: ah, but it could be, she doesn't have an alibi, doesn't mean she's innocent........
Supposedly they're using Foley & Twitter to help with his debut, so that he's a big deal from day one. Don't think much else.
Fun shoot with the rad cast and crew of and
Wow, rest in peace Duck Dunn.
Madison Pharmacy Associates | provides free hormone follow-up testing for its patients
Clickbank Tutorials - The ClickBank Stealth - What Is It?
good luck guys!! You'll do great :)
I just watched a girl open a beer can using her tongue, my target has been located!
Nebraska tickets will be high-dollar items. I'll be watching from home.
uhm, i got called a pedophile when that was his picture!
No finals today
Really?! Oh no! That's so sad!
like his new clothes and what not?? If so I understand
agreed, Children's Hospital is a fine show
Off to Stunt Coordinate a TV show!
Genuinely appreciate the good inside of you.
lunch should be two hours long! It's enough time to eat and take a nap under my desk, no?
Of course! What's a workday without fun thinking through possibilities? It's always an adventure.
Happy Monday. What's on the agenda? Plan ....plan....plan.
Playing tonight at the Blue Nile, 10:30pm!!!
i probably should have told him how i found an 1837 electrician today and then he would have thought wow that kid is so cool.
kill someone and leave them in a back alley in atlanta... please
Hmm... Penn State can travel. I remember PSU overwhelming FSU fans in 2006 Orange Bowl.
I hate being woke up by screaming children.
No prob. I used some of the National Marriage Project data in class before cautioned me about their methods.
Follow Back? :)
i hate my life right now,first,i feel like im losing my boyfriend and then i feel like hated </3
Thanks to the loan from the bank of Alan I'll be making it to two keys tonight.
Are you gonna join us for BOARDINGHOUSE this Friday at 92Y? A jaw-dropping masterpiece of shot-on-video '80s crapola.
You know, there's a car that runs on water man! Can I get a RT or a follow from the best character on That 70's Show?
and swipe it across my lips, bringing the slight sting of menthol to the tip of my tongue.
We LOVE you! We'll do a better job of informing you about the Return of Peach Milkshakes
there was a shooting at elkins high? please tell me everyone is okay!
I subscribe to using "the yooj" as the accepted spelling for the shortened version of "the usual". you should too.
red pepper pinwheels. Leaving now. I have a stinkin' headache & I'm freezing. Slept till 1pm yesterday. 245 am 2 early 2day.
I still have a cracked phone give me a break!
Their old stuff is best! : Seriously? How have you not heard them before : Just heard for the first time
Good weather puts me in a good mood
My moms yelling at me because I'm not hanging out with my friends...
Fingers crossed I don't get sick.
I always imagined I could be what I wanted to be
Did your organization run an April Fools' Prank? Let us know.
It's definitely better than honoring Hitler's birthday & marking the day of the Columbine shootings.
I run away from bees & then they sting
Oh and did I mention that I'm watching Elf? "No, buddy, you're not a cotton-headed-ninny-muggins. You're just...special."
People crack me up. Takes a bitch to know one, I see you bitch, I see you.
Thanks for the follow, I am proud to be so intimately acquainted with the most badass Founding Father.
Thanks for the love
If you have a mom, there is nowhere you are likely to go where a prayer has not already been. ~Robert Brault
I made the Dean's List.
Pretty sure I saw this movie at least 5 times when it was in theaters.
Never had a job were so many of my co-workers have my cell #. The expectation of connection is both disconcerting & seductively convenient.
I'm a very jealous person & since I'm not going to Coachella this weekend, I can't say I'm mad that it's raining.
5 minutes on the treadmill, 25 sit-ups, 10 push-ups . . . I am BACK people!!!
it's about time for 30 Rock but I would be pissed if we only got one more season of Parks & Rec.
Instead of me telling you whats on my mind, tell me whats on yours...
Thanks Dennis
We want to create a true student centric learning environment with students in control of their learning
I thought someone stole it.
Listen to music
good luck tonight!!!! Do work!!!
um, this might take a while...lol
How bout that? Rod going deep again. In for a weird one tonight I bet.
If i was them i would wanna sign me too
Off to work another all-nighter at - good times, great crew!
that's good stuff. you been to Val's Halla record shop in Oak Park?
yep, thanks! trying to keep track of my prof up and downs, so I'm not all "what did I do last year??" :)
Good Morning World !! (A cloudy morning in ATL)
Our restaurant 18·81 Grille now has a twitter! Follow them at for daily specials!
It's the little daily SEO efforts like tweeting, naming images, optimizing text, & others that will take & keep a website in a top ranking
wtf i wanted that.....
That's how you want to start!! Things have changed, but I'm still always going to run with
Getting ready for the break sponsored by Hallmark Business Expressions.
Ready for the day! Happy cinco de mayo!
Im Not Likin It :p Ima Favorite It!!
That moment when you realize you drove from #Denver to #Boulder for class during spring break.
As a St. John's faculty member I hope you join our learning community. Good luck, Charles Wankel
auditoruim setting up for the assembly , you?
I know what u mean :p
that's a fair point. Just seems like a shame to swap out a 3rd gm v powerhouses (BU, Maine, UNH) for the dregs of D1
I was wishing you was there :(
The 2016 election is going to be about two things - going back to the past or going forward into the 21st Century -
Best of luck to my NFL Europa buddy who's finally getting an NFL shot with the Jags.
"thank you my mighty steed" - talking to his car
If you pass a girl rocking out in her moustached car on HWY 41, that's me.
thanks I can't wait to see you and bump tonight!
But I'm not even done wit it yet
Well can't sleep worth shit...anyone want to talk? lol
Erm, I'm not sure if babies are the solution. Maybe spreading the message of awesome, but not babies.
And so, spring cleaning begins...
No, no. 3,000,001. Not 3.1 million. That would be impossible, don't be ridiculous.
I agree. #DRose looks to the refs to bail him out. Focus on scoring & getting back on D. Quit complaining. Still luv him.
Glad I'm not the only one!
I'm not even myself this week because of ap testing
you won't be disappointed.
Okay.. i think now things are back in order on most sides... time to go have breakfast.. or water time it is.. :)
Watching people try to drive stick >
Feeling like shit <<<
Bout to get a good nights sleep with my boy . Good night world
What's your favorite auction show? I vote Auction Hunters!
well until they got jobs this would allow them to at least have health insurance
Awards tonight should be hilarious (if not, courtesy laugh please). Always fun to see players dressed in normal clothes! PARTY TIME.
I have die everyday waiting for you
Hi dear!
resting today for my time trial tomorrow!
why you like Doan?!
Awe, I'm sorry =( Hopefully Raw tonight will make you feel better! :D
so true. I'm aquarius and i enjoy spending money
Waiting for my iPhone 3G to upgrade to iOS 4. Over 5 hours and no sign that it's getting close.
looking good have yourself a great Tuesday, gorgeous!
At 3:30pm Post Integrated Library Systems - OLE and URM : Palmer House - Chicago Room
The story-workbook™takes critical #workplaceissues such as values-conflicts & weaves them into modern stories that readers enjoy & relate to
Are they opening for One Direction?
ready for the preds game tonight!
Great photos on your site. Exploring #NYC history through pictures.
Sick of spending $$ on your #car? We can ease the burden on your insurance through
“: Pandora please keep playing Wonderwall forever.” no doubt.
We attach ourselves so strongly to people; when they're gone, a part of us is too.
You're never too old to be disappointed by your parents. They're my inspiration to be the greatest parent I can be, and they never were.
Losing something and looking in all the same places 10 times because you don't know where else to look
My sister is taking Jayden to my aunts house ... They're expecting him
Happy Birthday my nigga!
you didn't come today and it felt incomplete ! i hope tomorrow you don't break my heart ! </3
Really wish I didn't need to pee.
#schoolmemories going on a field trip and getting excited when you pass by something close to your house, as if you don't see it everyday.
Drinking crazy beer at uber anniversary
Oh, you couldn't even get there to meet with your pals afterward? Although, what you're doing sounds neat.
Pics or it didn't happen.
Love it! Hope the workout and the smoothie were both awesome!
Bowery based. Checkin out Seattle buzz band Randy Irwin, w manager Beat Connection.
thanks my nigga!
#RuPaulsDragRace These girls are a little too real, if you know what I mean.
Bout ta hit this tattoo shop
I wonder how many girls have churned butter in that dress Taylor Swift is wearing.
I hope It doesn't get harder because there's only two weeks of school left and man would that suck
#MittRomneyFilms: Liar, liar.
TY for the shoutout : Jennifer is the Champion of social media and Mompreneur! Woohoo! :)
I wonder if this guy even reads Bleacher Report. He doesn't really seem to have a clue.
Game-time between the Mammoth and on ... needs 6 points to set all-time #NLL record
#RedSox Clay Buchholz tires in Top 7, leaves game with bases loaded w 2 hits and a BB. Valentine brings in LHP Rich Hill.
Stop saying that other name!
#WhyDoiAlways Jump The Gun?!
My truck just shuffled your talk in -- good stuff.
me too! *squee*
I would have a dream that it's 6 PM on prom night and I don't have my hair, makeup or nails done.
I have unlimited texting & I only text 4 people ever, I think my phone company looks at my bill and just laughs.
Fav things heard at career day: "my dream bedroom has a slide that goes into a pool of rootbeer" & "my bedroom has a slave who is my sister"
who wants to play a game.... i'm borde....?
Ron hosting Thursday Job Search Networking Group from 9-11:00
and Seattle had eventually approved the new arena. But clay bennett is frm okc & been made his mind he was moving the team
I've always wanted a fan sign lol
bad weather, selling my car, fuck school
is following Saint Hildegard of Bingen on Twitter. Oh hell yea.
Immigrant rights march where the hell are you guys? Looking for you.
Hey Tweeters! Check us out tonight on My Family TV
Is there really a choice? A bad day requires Omar.
it's all about the screwballer Daniel Ray Herrera...he's nasty. Reds are coming!
Anybody know why 24 for CV has not played this half?
That akward moment when try to push your glasses up but realize you are wearing contacts...
Really, Gotye remix, why don't you erase yourself from my dancefloor speakers? Who the hell listens to you?!
Lovin that its still warm out at 10
my soccer game in coliouca lol 10 miles away from Alabama.
=D im pretty goodd! i just dont feel the best today unfortunatelyy
Disgusting people. I swear.
I'm in. Take it easy on me though. I'll be in recovery mode :)
Night Everyone.
We should hang out and have our feast.
I've been waiting years to hear you say that. Thanks for the affirmation...
Highly recommended: "Do YOU Mean Business?" by Babette Ten Haken. This is a book you don't want to miss!
hi! Wow! Rly?! Can u send me the link?! Thank u so much!!
Thanks girl! <U+E32B><U+E32B>
how was LA ?! I can't wait to hear all about it! ;)
will your family be at U. Tim's birthday party?
As well you should. Move back!
oh yeah! I forgot about that one haha
Our clients are loving all of the breakfast treats from Delish.
don’t forget to ask him about tax breaks for (his) Golfstream 650s....
<3 RT My 100k Tweet is dedicated to my friend who is having breast cancer surgery today. She personifies #RonR!
life itself is too great of a blessing to be anything less than happy.
: Florida Memorial in Miami Gardens is holding a teach-in on the #trayvonmartin case tonight. Taking 3 buses to Sanford on Monday
sad, I would've said me but I'm behind in twitter ;(
Finished Mrs. Dalloway. Loathed it. Loathed.
that was'nt nice!
Have you signed up to be a part of the Twestival flashmob? Sign up here: www.HoustonFlashmob.com! All the cool kids are doing it! Not! HAHA
Oh--sounds fun wld love to visit LP. When were you thinking? Sept/Oct crazy busy.
next friday
Can anyone give me a playlist of some awesome songs? :)
hey can u follow me im a big fan luv u cody plzz follow me for my birthday plzz
oh that's a good one fritter. So original. No wonder this country is in the shithole with great minds like you.
When that sugar crash comes, it ain't gonna be pretty.
what up?
Cleaning your phone often is a really good habit!
Snyder’s ‘emergency hack’ pushes Astros past Brewers
R U KIDDING me?!?! #USVI Senators get taxpayer $ for travel & lodging to be at #VICarnival?! Some1 call Massa, please. We's lost our minds.
jesus lord, tumblr's down. grrrrrr.
#NowPlaying- Owl City- Hot Air Balloon :3
Can any Knicks player come up with a freaking rebound PLEASE. 2nd chance points hurting us
So glad you like it! :)
Very busy with last minute items for our 10th Anniversary Gala where we are honoring and !
Gift idea--- Give friends a Christmas ornament with an unflattering picture of them on it. Inexpensive and a good laugh.
July 9th Drink, Dine & Mingle at the Palm Beach Steakhouse - More info @ www.southfloridaalerts.com
wait!! Don't come yet! I need to talk to my mom
haha fools tried to rob barona casino
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 332
Alrighty. So my name is Hannah. And i'm in a band with 4 other girls called "In Their Direction" and we like One Direction. YAY :D
i can't find a posting for that job on the PAWS site or anywhere on the internets. link?
Abraham Lincoln gave his famous house divided speech in this House of Representatives chamber in the Old Capitol in Springfield...
Thanks bro
I'm thinking of visiting Russia, but then again, is it really that safe to go there? Hm..
A friend will walk off and leave you cause they got problems of their own, but a soulmate will stand by your side throughout test of time
So im at the hospital watching house
I would give up a #1 if I were a Super Bowl contender!!
im gonna miss the seniors SO much :\ *sigh*
just like we do everything!
Bryce homered!! Oh, so did 19 other guys tonight. Harper may become a solid major leaguer, For now, everyone just calm down.
Nope. Looks like we're going to have to make goal the old fashioned way!
like what bby
i think u need sumbody like me in ya life
We are dying of humility
You're the best! Everyone, #follow if you aren't already. Thanks so much for the love and !
Any good book or article recs for life course in anthropology?
lol i will in my room...not pathetic at all:/
Really? You too? We're so not talking now..... :P
Sabathia and Price both going for their 5th straight win
everyone keep Charles in your thoughts!
#e-flux journal 21 explores how artists get used as first wave in gentrification efforts. Bohemian lifestyle anyone?
when are you out tonight?
Steven Tyler did a fine job w/National Anthem, that's how he sings people! If you want a choir hire a choir, not the guy from Aerosmith.
feeling great !!! had a sick sleep too.
No goldfish. Repeat: No goldfish. I am left having to eat chex mix and diet coke for breakfast. FML.
MTS is adding buses to supplement Bus Route 905, operating between the Otay Mesa Border crossing & the Iris Avenue Transit Center on 905
Again, thanks to every single one of you for making my first full season covering the #Caps one to remember.
you too Ariana!
My jokes come from a dark place, but then again I am often locked in a cellar
Mortgages Rates Higher At Fastest Pace in Months
you got it boss!
Was looking forward to this: Check out my Tuesday column for thoughts on the Packers' win over the Bears and ...Aaron Rodgers.
got called into work tonight!
I'm a D Boy yep a D Boy Icey as I wanna FENKELL AVE all day WCK RECORD D BOY SHIT
Let's go #UNCBears!! Morehead St = Motivation! You can do it!!
yea yea wateva so u was going to do that anyway
I'm so glad that #InvisibleChildren is finally trending. I learned a lot about #Kony in Aug & it shocked me. #Sad We need to do more!
Im going thru a mini war in my mind as my sister n her friend discuss cupcake toppings #DietMyAss -_-
Into the Wild because Alaska is so beautiful.
I did too!
"Teachers administering tests this week receive 25% off all purchases." - Sign at local liquor store.
Seriously had no one else noticed this?! : Oh, so the winner was not J.Lo's nipple? That was a close one.
June 29 it finally drops
On my way to twestival Seattle with does that make me cool or geeky?
This week's Real Actual Worst Human Being Award goes to the insufferable bourgie dude sitting a row behind me on that flight to Burbank
is hoping me and #libraryh3lp widgets reach a new and long lived understanding today.
Can I ask you a serious question???
In Seattle waiting for my next flight to portland <U+2323><U+0650><U+2323>
spring???? ha! over a foot of icy snow still on the ground. 3 feet deep in places. flurried this morning. freezing right now. brrrrr
I fell asleep with my hand down my pants. Should I skip church and just go straight to h
MS walk tomorrow! #walktofindacure :)
good meeting you! I hooked up with Venier - the 2010 rocks.
46 East Superior! Happy New years from Salute Cucina and Wine Bar! See you later tonight!!!
Best friend, back to childhood, died last Thursday. Can't shake it. Actually going 'cemetery-sitting' to be with him tomorrow.
thanks heather it means a lot
So much for late start.
There is so much aggressive male pants removing happening here right now. These dudes have more testosterone than Alistair Overeem.
email me pics of the new crib! I want to see all the work you and yor mom did!
She looks better with her hair like that :) Good choice :)
Yes! Our 1000th tweet. Thank you to our followers & writers for making our jobs the best ever! Experience music & celebrate life tonight!
: Thanks! :) The little things are so, so big.
Time Warner Cable Sports launching 2 new regional sports nets to serve Southern Cali. New exclusive homes of Lakers, Galaxy & Sparks.
We'd love a RT about our cute-on-a-stick giveaway! -NJC
Foggy Bottom escalators back up
Hosting a PGA SW Section / Golf Realty Network Open House at Starfire Golf Club tonight for 50 potential G-R-N Agents
Ok but they still missed the same amount of free throws at the same time in the game.
Woo! Asdrubal coming up clutch!!! Tribe win!!
Gettin my <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085> done
Where are you from?
that awkward moment when your sister smacks your ass...
Dont worry, you are a cute sucker!
hahahaha sorry I never got your tweet but we were good
At current pace the Twins next "high leverage" situation will be in June! Who gives a bleep? Nail it down! Everyone wins!
Thanks to for having me on the D-list with Dan and Drew. Always fun chatting with those boys.
Peeing outside Texas Roadhouse by the ditch >>>
Just looking at my production schedule--man, I am so far ahead of myself--I need to CHILL for a minute..:P
Happy Tuesday! The drive in is off to an excellent start...no problems reported.
Yes ma'am, they both do. But there's air added to both, so maybe the air cancels it out completely? :)
Join us for the next Circle of Security Parent Training Program! Register at www.artzcenter.org/circle
he should've never made the postseason roster.
does that include me? /:
The moon is so beautiful right now. It's yellow-ish. These are the kind of things that make me appreciate our planet.
NEW SHOWS: 7/29-Mercy Lounge(Nashville, TN) with the Pink Spiders and 8/20-Exit/In(Nashville, TN) with Warpaint and Beach Fossils
YES! <3 Lets go downtown!
Q2) I like the idea of a shared experience each member deals and translates the experience differently
Did you see that "you can have sex with your dead wife" law egypt passed? wtf..and Whats "house of stone" about
Ugh, I am so full of burrito.
I have no clue how it ended. I didn't ever watch.
Yay !! Got home before my sister left ! :D
Oh. This story could be GOOD.
Things are happening exactly the way they are suppose to...so I can't complain even when troubling things happen. I am good
So if Flickr didn't evolve to keep up with functionality on other sites, it is seen as stagnating, which isn't good on the inet.
happy to help build a terrific lineup! It'll be a great event.
New Song Check it out Call IM GONE
Damn Mcds workers #SMDH they can't get shit right... Never again
Just got done recording new song. Can't wait to show you guys it!
all is well now...just folks round deez here partz SMH
I agree that reading promotes greater creativity.Thought it was interesting that watching which seems passive is more active.
Seattle is peaceful right now with. Everyone out of town.
SwingLifeStyle will host Saturday Sexy Toga Party at Swingfest Events Miami South Beach July 21, 2012.
please come back to Texas!!!!!
for everybody coming to the video shoot the address is 800 west Michigan street
We are underway here in San Antonio ... A beautiful day with very little wind. Alexa Gaul already taking a free kick from midfield for Horns
do you move things around? Like unplugging & stuff
live tonight at DAR Constitution Hall!!
The thing about throwing stones and hiding your hand is, your secrets are never your own. Someone else always knows.
thank you : )
RT : #CherryBlossomFestival starts today. will provide another great DC destination!
'cause your name has "Mama" in it haha
Every form in reality is empty, and emptiness is the true form. «<U+7985>»<U+8272><U+5373><U+662F><U+7A7A><U+3001><U+7A7A><U+5373><U+662F><U+8272>
Wanna give a huge shoutout to one of my deca fam followers.!! , love yha bud!! =)
Do I hear $50? RT do I hear $25 ? *hand up* RT I'd pay $20 to see do the Carlton dance :)
Folliw my sister !!!
“ Everybody want somebody else realtionship thats the reason they not lasting”
oh god no, not the Sanjaya obsession days D: lmfaoo
Hahaha me too! I know how to skype. Only problem with it, is I have to stop and do hair and makeup before hand! LOL
I may be a fool, but I'm not lazy!
Oh, dear! I hope I didn't misquote you. I enjoyed the new perspective on circles. Will elaborate on your blog post.
I will after I eat! I like my food..
Thanks! RT : Incredible presentation on structural #metadata in ... from conception of idea. By
crazy Cuban a close second!
really cool. Thanks!
lmaoo. Already. But they suck at the free throw line so can't be to shocked
"Your "shape up" shoes do not make you skinnier. They make you look like a fat ass in retarded shoes." hahahaha
You probably got that trending
Theres more to LIFE than just gettin back ! Get ya ass up and do somethin , and keep it like THAT !
Everyone in this world is somehow connected. So why not just be nice to everybody. Richard Simmons
#FF Online Sister LOVE THEM <3
Can't wait to rock out with friends at The Mint in a few hours.
i saw that you was a fan of Cris so I followed you
I wish I was brave enough to tell some people how I really feel. Well I Told One She Just Ignored Me And Said Im Sorry Pooky
She work for her.many..... Just so it can be Her Money #TeamSheGotHerOwn lil hunny
Got a pain in my heart that I don't know how to fix:( Praying for Peace & Love.
yeh!! Luv that grey top...want to wear it NOW!-wins my vote!
Ive been pissy all day. I haven't slept much and I can't hold anything down.
is that b/c you were up before 1pm?? LOLOL
A cherry limeade would be so prime right now
Changed.....way to much...way to fast...
First time I changed my twitter picture in a year. I guess I'm cute. #Temporary - changing it when I take a better one. Just needed a change
Good decision. RT If you say "move the team", i'll hang up on you"
Love Whitney Houston. But can we just stop with the I Will Always Love You references. It's a Dolly Parton song!! (love Whitney's version)
In-state #SDSU students: How has going to school with non-CA students affected you? Writing an op-ed for class. Let me know!
I think I really need to get to LA and blaze a trail of life up and down Cali. To date I have never been there, but that's going to change..
Ohh I like the sound of that :) wishing this week weren't so busy!
Finally a #Chinese Restaurant wth #REAL traditional Chinese food! Wait for our Grand Opening!!! Coming soon!!!!
Countdown Tampa SPEAK NOW !
What was the duty of the leader if not to inspire? – Carl Meredith
he is still on the etch a sketch plan
I'm very sorry to hear this. Are you doing sub-cutaneous fluids or is it too late for that? Our Tigger had 2 extra years on fluids.
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail
Remember when "Inside Pants Back" dropped & you was "o" then "I Live Under a Bridge dropped & you were like "ehhhhhhhhh" rt this crak
I wonder if i could bring back jersey dresses... just for the OKC Thunder! dont judge me i like dresses
Bout to take a shower in a lil bit...
why don't you like me lol.
Glad to see you're utilizing this forum! Looking fwd to following the rest of the #NFL season.
Many have no idea as to what I had to suffer as many of My apostles did not witness My climb to Calvary.
kim has played the best game but i hope she doesnt win chealse is so hot hoping she wins
Listened to pop punk for 7 hours while I cleaned. Now my heartbeat is accenting on 2 and 4
We play it at Harry Potter conventions. They, I mean. They play it. : Have you seen the Quidditch rec groups?
While most people look forward to getting off work on Fridays, we look forward to Dinner & a Movie !
I didn't see this happen either! Haha
for real? do a lot of people get ticketed for that? i've never seen it happen...
Put me on tv!
oh god *chappelle voice*
happy mothers day jessica
GOOD idea...I think Imma roll with that
and Me just connect.
Everything you see, I did it on my own"
when someone gives you an ultimatum - LAUGH - because that shit's a joke.
Lowe doing good job describing value of exposing linked open data. Needs for quality ontologies to represent complexity tho
Spring catalog....threadathome.com
im still crying
2 American kids growing up...in the heartland. #EarwormThx -CV
I Love It :D!
We have outside seating for a rare sunny Seattle day. Come by and enjoy your panini and coffee a fresca. 101 Stewart (at 1st at the Market)
I have to say, I'm actually glad Cam Newton wasn't put on the Madden cover. Not that I am superstitious or anything of course.
RT Wonder if GOP is ready to pimp out sexual favors in addition to congressional votes for super PAC money
Surprisingly, he did.
Why me man. Just one thing that I want go right. Just one.
I hope you enjoy your time here! RT : Thanks for making me an official Tweeter!
Would you tell my daughter that?
i cannot find my phone..
Do anybody like
Poll Q: 100 points locked (115 minimum for freeroll) 40 ppl left in a 2pm restart (need 8th place points)..Do I play $345 6max at noon?
I mean red bull is obviously my go to, but monster is low key nice!
(Working on a bike, btw)
Well I was just getting to SD then but you're right, Dems had a veto-proof majority before voters decided they needed reform.
I hate talking while a pretty girl walks past. I forget everything i was saying. Shit be important too lol.
your welcome ^^
happy birthday bj :) smile!!
Lmfao im out <U+270C>RT : lol don't try to disown me now bitch! I will SHANK YO BITCHASS! YOU * soulja boy v * <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AA>
when did you hear them say this?
Everything ok?
Brookfield Plans to Spin Off Holdings
you really rolled the "r" on my last name there. Going on bird
Come see That's So Raven's dad and other comedians on Friday at 6 in Johnston Hall. Tix available now in JH105.
haha that's funny!
What's the greatest single game performance you ever witnessed in person? (Mine was S. Green's 4-HR, 19-TB game in 2002)
*clears throat* UR camera???
okay this is funny, because for once it wasn't directed towards you lol
Funding, training, etc. are all important. But did anyone in RVA ask what the purpose of this was before now?
#edshow If the church wants to get into political issues, then the church should LOSE it's TAX EXEMPT status. Enough said!
Wow was my OCD so obvious you figured out it was me who wrote that sign?
Rangers defense = heroes. Unreal performance
Speaking of Grantland, Charles Pierce dropped a "Keokuk" in his excellent piece on his time at "The National."
it would be sobering if Facebook wasn't playing with Monopoly money
Jayy!! I watched Lollipop hunt like so many times I memorized the way you said them! :DD Plzz follow back :]
If you can do anything in the world, what is it you will do?
State Rep Terry Morrow -- What if this works??!! Morrow points out Vikes & TV revenue will funnel $600 million in state income tax revenue.
Happy Belated Easter to you too!
Lord I ask you to protect us while we sleep amen
Thanks! RT : what a treat to have my girl anchoring a weekday #fox7 hope she is getting the top pay
"Good directors don't close their minds. It's a business of exploration." Zuckerbrod on directors who say they don't watch TV or films
A man with self control is a sexy man
only 26 more days.
In 1865, the President helped invent the game of basketball. When he stayed out of foul trouble, The Illinois Rail Splitter was Lincolnsane!
I will not take on other people's problems.
You know it will be! "...the door's open but the ride ain't free..."
Learning to balance my #writing & #acting jobs while still health coaching via phone is an art in my opinion:)
your out and about and aint even hit me up.. geez
let's get sexual in the parking lot ;)
Hard boiled eggs, oranges and pomegranates are such asshole foods. So much work, so little reward.
wants ppl to watch his new video!!!
Yep, we're open. Guess what, if you survive #snomageddon, we'll give you 25% off your tab, all night.
Glad you love it! is my favorite coffee shop in Seattle!
yes. hopefully. i wanna. like seriously if i don't you have permission to push me in front of a bus cady heron style
gaah, i forgot she was ginger! Nevermind, not the hot one anymore! I only like gingers i know, because they have souls!
The secret to happiness is short-term, stupid self-interest!- Calvin and Hobbes, The Days are Just Packed
Sad to hear about Amy Winehouse's death. Knew someone at DSL who went to school with her. What an awful end to a bright talent.
I guess I was just really concerned because it fell in a puddle
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 10
If you're called a geek or nerd, be proud. Because more than likely, you may be smarter than the person calling you that. ;)
Question of the day... What is your favorite song of all time?
ba ha ha ha ha! crrepy, i havent been called creepy, stalker maybe but not creepy. crazy too but not creepy! o well 1st time
thank you! ;)
who needs more likes?
No kidding RT : I hope Melissa Harris-Perry was watching Tamron Hall , today !!
The legacy you lead and leave is will determine the success of what you believe in.
RT : #iwannaknowwhy some broads try to holla when their breath smell like pigeon shit soup- lmao. It happens all the time buddy.
The Bridge on the River Kwai - World Premiere of Sony’s Million Dollar Restoration.
PreK- Nap time! Kindergarten- Coloring! Elementary- Recess! Middle- Umm fun stuff... High- Fun? College- wtf?? Wow this is so true...
damn 3 bucks. I like that track id rather be with you. Shit hit me as a child.
Red Flag Warning: conditions are ideal for wildland fire ignition and propagation.
Working on some new designs for custom t-shirt & Hoodie line. Good stuff for Spring 2012.
Aw :) RT She be my fine fine fine lady
Omg I Had A Dream!! Glad I Woke Up Lol
Happy fathers day!! Hope u get to spend the day w/your dad! We're on our way to pick up a roll-off dumpster in Sugar Land. Call if u need us
The feeling you get when you hook a fish...
This child suffered many, but had a desire to be better and did better.
I wanna be pushed around in a wheelchair but I don't wanna be paralysed
Somewhat annoyed that GoPro's WiFi Bac Pac add-on had its release date changed from "April 2012" to "Spring 2012."
of course not! Yum!
What are your #Christmas plans?!
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
Occupation: Drag King. ;)
Thanks for following the San Diego location of
Awready, can u shoot me sum of ur work? U got the propper skillz & luv 4 tha D den we gucci!
<U+200E>64 teams & 9.2 quintillion combos in #MarchMadness. I have the system figured out..If you fill out enough brackets one has to be good.
Extolling the virtues of charitable gift annuities!
HAS EVERYONE SEEN THE SNEAK PEAK PICS OF THE PHOTOSHOOT OF THE BOYZ THERE SO HOT!! :) ~Alexis Kay Fusco
Not every ending can be happy,no matter how hard you want it to!Life can sometimes suck.The hero wont always get the girl and sometimes dies
Im in kansas city and its beautiful
You as well Jim..
They say sleep is the cousin' of death So my eyes wide open cuz a dream is kin to ya last breath.
RT Driving to Southampton. ETA 2:12 PM using Waze - Drive Social
I throw a damn good party. <U+E402>
#MeatlessMonday is not good for the soul! or my wallet!! or the environment!! It forces me to buy food elsewhere and create trash
When you wake up and have to pee a waterfall. = me right now.
my bad alot of running yesterday had to hit the studio ima call u in in 15
you're welcome! - cool! :)
UGG CLEARANCE ONLINE SITE!(: Shoutout time for me!!((:
Talk doesn't cook rice. ~Chinese Proverb
RT and me! <raises hand> Hey you! Remember me?
RT : I forgot to mention: if you have a Paypal account, you automatically qualify to use our referral system!
Bravo to Janie Bryant, costume designer. Megan's outfits were so dope last night, I forgot about her teeth.
whats going on with you superstar
RT : If you go around saying "Happy 4/20" today… You're poor.
it's so seungho bb to be wearing a cap ^^.
When you can produce a legible sentence then maybe someone will listen to you. Until then, your chicken scratch is moot.
- what is the most impoprtant foundational roster spot when building a team from scratch?
hey bro follow it to the T. It works my man! cut out bread,chips,soda and carbs..Then watch the fat melt away
...who is thinking of using them against using them. I'm done and they should be too!
Qaddafi says he will step down if he can live with Charlie Sheen & his Goddess and they re name the show one and a half men and two winners.
is having a *sigh* moment... with an *eye roll* thrown in for good measure.
The always amazing John Solly will be playing tonight at 7:00pm.
Who's going to be our 100th like? Hmm...
Yum! What do they use for the "cheese?" Nutritional yeast? Cashews? (Both?)
I was really looking forward to reading all day and then I remembered I have homework to do.
I can fuck your bitch & act like i never knew her .
good morning! thanking God for another day & another chance to get it together.
NO BITCH
Saw you on #ChelseaLately last night. U crack me up, you're always laughing! Are you growing your hair long?
! MT : I wish there was non-profit space here for writers, curators, small art book publishers. Space to work & hold meetings
yeses billions lol
Re-reading my notes from last night, I feel like you were giving advice for living, esp refactor mercilessly and don't return nil.
Well played.
Done!! Thanks :)
I'm not at Finish Line n e more but my homie still does. U lookin for somethin new?
I just can't sleep tonight knowing Ignore me :'(
because Nats stadium is a DUMP...thats why
GUYS FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED!!! IM TWEETING FROM FORMSRING
either that or wear a mask lol!
There is nothing worse than listening to a tv survival host eat or drink after being stranded
The Lakers came thru with a victory over their in town rivals the Clippers! 3 game winning streak. OKC on Sunday!
Picked what I'm gonna wear for prom (': Woot, thank you Mall of !
Who's hungry? Have you tried our burger? We think it's the best in Milwaukee!
Get over it !
Let me go change my shirt before VonVon gets here.
I don't wanna be a douchebag, but... RT if you don't wanna be either
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw you avoid using the children in a battle that is won at too high a price.
I have been trying to get a hold of u to plan my trip. Call me.
Many congrats on the 5k! It's a great feeling!
tell Fallon to move his Apple laptop in front of him.
shut the fuck up!
Actually it comes with a live lobster that you must battle to the death & subdue just to even get a drink.
I wanna leave.
Thanks for the follow, bicycle-riding ! I hope you aren't trying to ride in this Indiana snow...
I'm signing books today! 12:00PM Crab Orchard/SIU Press Booth 617,619 and 1PM Barn Owl/U. Akron Press Table C25. Say hi!
IMHO, the FM2 is the best SLR ever. Nothing comes close. I sold my Leica M6 in favor of the Nikon. :)
your welcome(:
I love having a boyfriend this time of year, you can do all the cute things in winter
The weekend how is this possible
Main Field announcement coming soon! Keep posted for when and where you can hear the news.
about time.
Oh hai. :D
You working the Gopher game? Are you DVR'ing the Lynx game then? heh heh heh
got my samples from looks legit and their prices are beyond great. Def gonna be ordering from them
By his 4th year he plans to have a super laser built in the Everglades.
#PeopleIWantToMeet are and
Love the pics and what you're doing. We need to catch up!
I just REALLY don't want tequila.
Donald deserved 30 for that dance !!!!!!!!!!!
Alas I am afraid is a fake. The $1 offer for retweets on Trayvon Martin is fake too. Revolting, huh?
Wow. That was such an epic fail. I wanna cry now. That was bad. Horrible.
Watch the #BlindSide and then tell me that everyone in #America has an equal opportunity of success.
God is good. Let us rejoice!
Upon reflection on my experience in libraries as a youth, I've realized how traumatizing librarians can be to 3rd graders, and 35-year-olds.
#50LiesIWasTold I will always love you, no matter what. <U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
Tonight! Sticky Lips w/ AudioInflux. Free & music drops at 9:30. It's where 2 be in Ra-cha-cha. Bring dancing shoes.
I can try my best
we are learning Deutsch! ya
Just had the worst food experience at
Thanks Sharon. Best, Mark
HAHAHAHAHAHHAA OMG THAT'S AWESOME
Rock the Red
Lol u already know but u know ima be doing stand up at the fashion show next year
Honcho lifestyle tip #9 - Always respect you're fellow honcho.
3D lasers! RT : Cool things happening all over Cleveland & somehow people still find things to complain about. I don't get you ppl.
Sumtimes I b wanting 2 stay n a apartment 2 avoid it lol
welcome girl! I forgot to give credit to Glee. I'm catching up on last weeks episode! Love you too!
Trying really hard not to grump about stepping in cat puke twice and not getting to run this morning.
Such a bad mood -_-!!
Just noticed the Office of His Holiness the Dalai Lama has a twitter page!
Lunch break before meeting at 3p! Super productive day!
Thanks for the
#IfWomenDidNotExist there would be no hoes and sluts <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Since ppl can never agree on what the end goal of any mass undertaking is, *all* victories are symbolic. Sometimes progress counts.
": A day without laughing is a lost day. Laugh as hard as you can."
TONIGHT! Copperfields. 12 am. Be there or be a giant loser.
Listening to my favorite singer #crystallewis...I realize she taught me how to sensibly riff and unabashedly belt :)
Great meeting with you today ! Love the White Tea Ginger Lotion! Yummy!
. introducing her & 's bootcamp on "Integrating Digital Humanities Research" into the classroom
Cool graphic. Thx for sharing.
Boyz should hit New York soon.So many ICONiacz here you know :)
I know, let's hang out this week! I'm back on Tuesday night.
Life, we spend it single but we can make it plural.
It amazes me how classy some high school girls can get, posting pictures of them smoking. Lol...can u get ANY classier?
You should follow that blog. It's a real treasure.
maybe a little bit! But I think it's fine
It's Tuesday, preparing to connect with new clients. I've missed my "cup of josephine" for the last few days, but i'm still alive & alert!
Daffy Duck needs Mickey Mouse in his Tugboat Willy show.
And every collection developer born between 1973 and 1991 would automatically put it on her/his approval plan...
"If you are not gone at a certain / age, your world is" -- A. R. Ammons
haha. Nah, she has a somewhat sharp cone on her lip piercing.
will you be watching tonight? it's a little scary with zombies but lots of ladies enjoy good scare.
We're excited to spend the next 2 days w/ + working on the learning space toolkit. Beta tools launching soon!
I love being green and I love handbags thanks for the info.
I won't be on Twitter that much!(:
ALL STARS FOR WEST 2012...... Kobe Bryant, Kevin Durant, Andrew Bynum, Chris Paul, and most importantly.. BLAKE GRIFFIN! #YEAH BUDDY!
follow us to receive our latest specials. Our recent Twitter special provided $10 off any Full Service Oil Change.
Kev!! I miss u so much!! I'm stoked to be seeing you guys this summer! :D It's been so long! <3 Hope everything's well! Luv ya!
That. Is. Amazing!
My name day tomorrow! I'm so happy :) I'm preparing a little surprise for my friends. Can't wait!!! See you tomorrow guys! <U+2665>
I made Tolzien into a player, you'd be the No.1 pick with me. #ballin “: nope but it was a good joke though...”
DAMN I didn't think they could top last week's episode in terms of me geeking out, but they did! IRON FIST & LUKE CAGE! Avengers EMH is epic
Happy New Year! Just got back from a fun holiday with my new extended family!
Got any stupid predictions for tonight's UK game?
we need to work on the kick off party you down??
dude every time I fly something goes wrong. Bullshit that I left some bitch w fake cans at the beach to sit on this plane
BTW Highwood Pumpkin Festival might be the fest with best food in Chicagoland.
Happy Mother's Day! Watch Kimbriell Kelly on Perspective today at Noon
lol wonder what happen to dem
Giving a gudmorning s/o to ALL my SOUTHWEST PPL
“: The Beatles reminds me of you everytime.” you have no idea how freaking huge of a compliment that is.
Yeah, I notice things less when they're not in my inbox.
well I did it cuz at first I just thought I was a random person and I was on tweet limit soo..yeah.
#InCaseYouDidn'tKnow Jayz's Black album is a classic that is comparable to BP1 and Reasonable Doubt, don't leave it out the convo 4 his best
There is nothing like a newborn baby to renew your spirit - and to buttress your resolve to make the world a better place.
Fin jb cb
Alas that xmas with the family is so short, but I'm so stoked to move into my new pad in Logan Square!!
major thanks for hooking up the NAB pass -- going now & see Letus there! :)
She ain't ugly, she just ain't skinny lol
thats why the insurance for it is more than the car lol
I fell with that pack are prime to repeat due to the fact that we get #56, #42, #25, #88 back from IR plus some good draft picks look out
Folding laundry with a knee brace. As much fun as it sounds.
it feels really long already
Free Food, Music and Llamas? Check it out at Club Deville now!
Watching New England v Baltimore, I'm optimistic about the NY Giants chanches to take it all. Who'd a thunk it?
Meet the newest impact member at Abercrombie & Fitch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
#NP "Help Me" James Fortune and FIYA
Thank you for ur mention! RT
oh why thank you lol :>
Friday eve! RT Free wine tasting 5-7pm with wines from William Church of Woodinville. Stop on by to celebrate Friday Eve.
In the books right now gotta test this evening...
welcome back to ny! If ur in need of a tour guide, call me!;)
Ah well. Tomorrow is another day.
if you let me, here's what I'll do. I'll take care of you
Kegerator.com - exactly what I want to do to the fridge in the garage.
I love me some
you should follow , 1 of the best interviews in baseball, along with , not to mention they can both pitch a litlte
Silly us...we forgot it was Valentine's Day! Let's do next week. How about Thursday?
*hugs* Miss you, mama
- Thanks Leo, hope life is good to you and yours... take care and stay in touch
Well gee, I was a bit moody this morning haha
A3.Primary challenge faced by large biz in mobile marketing activities vast #of mobile devices, OS used by their customers
Your Ebony essay on Houston is the best and most human I've read. Thank you.
u look sweet baby
I can name 10-15 RT : Is there a less talented offensive player in the league than Reggie Evans???
That's what I get told.
I act like shit don't phase me, inside it drives me crazy my insecurities could eat me alive.
Lakers don't match up well against okc real shit
not gonna make it to this game. But my tix are already for the next home game.
#winninganswer RT : OMG> I want all the doughnuts! Q3 #Foodiechats via What is your #AllTime favorite kind of Donut?
Likes the circ status of "recharging"
Good news! I just received my AARP card! Movie ticket discounts here I come!!
is that both a compliment and a bash all bundled into one sentence?
Frustrating - but productive - call this week with the Viva Jaipor! team. Last few yards now until our alpha launch.
so happy for you brother. Congratulations!
You know a book is good when it makes you want to cry.
Speak it sister! “: Why are men still shocked when a woman pulls out a sports magazine on a flight?? #really”
Actually, when all HS and one-&-done players were studied they've had a good success rate in the NBA.
Not from here and headed to Bible Study.
Oh, you could always keep that in <ducking>
keep talking shit Jason lol you know we are gonna have more fun than you
MCHS swimmer to row for Merchant Marines in fall - Craig Daily Press
#IfWomenDidNotExist this still would be a worthless
You need room to breathe when your in a relationship!
be sure it's all fun & glam 5/19 #BabyBashBling! Book signing by celebrity mommy, author, fashionista and actress
Finishing some algebra and then maybe zombies? hit me up if you want to play on playstation 3
lmao she stay going off on me, she gon be like you was being too friendly, when I'm mean it's a prob, even I'm nice same shit
Rise and Shine! Ready for another manic Monday! Hope everybody has a fantastic first day of the week! :)
Thanks! Yup, that's my plan.
what are you talking about? breading is the best thing since
Rounding bad day number 4. Gay.
Tuesday means double stamps! It's Two Stamp Twitter Tuesday, come in and show us that you follow us for an extra stamp on your card.
We can help you with your legal problems - we offer free consultation - call (909) 890-0105 or email
Quick is playing incredible. At this point, nothing will shock me.
yoo KK im not a Mexican
We can't give you enough credit or support for what you are doing! So impressed! Huge support for you over here!
I hate animal cruelty. It's awful and sad! Poor animals! RIP those who didnt survive and im srry you had a pitiful, dumb, uncaring owner.
Sources confirm the Cowboys are "shopping" CB Mike Jenkins. Hes coming off shoulder surgery and is in the final year of his rookie contract
I want tacos. The end.
I didn't feel like. It but I gave her something this morning
This study abroad meeting is getting me so excited for July!
I like Wade not Bosh specially NOT LEBron
I wish RT Dressing down a bit today. Hope board shorts, flops and a tank are considered appropriate work attire.
Never underestimate the audience or the GREEN
Not going to lie, that Apple TV is getting appealing. And with the price staying at $99 it's hard to find much wrong with it.
Looking forward to our work together w/ - nice to meet you!
One more summer in the big city. Man...memories...
hah it's a hit. I like it
Harrison Ford~ Nothing shocks me. Im a scientist.
1 reason not to watch xfactor next week... Cher Lloyd is on.
sorry about Waffles. I can't believe her mom did that. <U+E406>
Dance for you <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
that's funny, early days for MS. Mind you HP seem to heading in the same direction.
Don't knock her hustle Mains
and me... starting at noon tomorrow. Want me to bring the coffee missile?
Sharp's been doing some of their displays lately. Apparently. Although Samsung and LG make the new iPad one.
could i bring a bud or 2?
You think they have what it takes?
I ask because wikipedia quotes you as such and I was under the impression they were different
can''t wait til Monday, I get to see my family, and take care of some Maid of Honor things..
yeah, like I want it stopped as much as the next person. All america needs is more bandwagon towards real issues hahaha
Ruby was there too-all of your favorite Philadoptees!
I definitely will! Are applications online or in store? Tell me how I should make the best impression!
Adding final touches to a new website for a new library campaign in my hometown. Next, hard work and lots of luck.
74 days!!!!! Training camp!!
Waiting for #OSU #Michigan to end so we can watch important football.
We all know Adam loves Justin.
What is the best #spa in #florida?
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy the man from temple run.
RT I am truly disgusted with the GOP right now. We have left ourselves with warts and no candidates. Sick at heart.
no matter what you mine
These next two weeks<<<<
Thanks for the info! Hope your weekend is great :)
“: you should call and see if she does! I miss u guys!” yea I txt her but no reply yet aww we miss you too...,
Most dealers spend a lot of money supporting ball teams, high schools, hospitals, scouting, hospice and other charitable causes
my daw learned how to tweet
Made breakfast in bed for the boyfriend #spoiled # backtobed
I could throw for 5000+ yards and 50+ TD's with Floyd and Fitz on each side. Just imagine if Peyton went to Arizona. SMH
A little girl is battling cancer for the third time and all she wants is to meet Please help and tweet
I saw this post yesterday, wasn't sure what it was all about. Thanks for clearing it up.
Watching the Georgetown-Pitt game on ESPN. Let's go #hoyas. I don't like seeing us down this early.
. is mad at life right now
great words of wisdom
Gustave Flaubert~ Stupidity consists in wanting to reach conclusions. We are a thread and we want to know the whole cloth.
Gosh the twitter on my iPod is not working well it's saying I have 0 followers I'm following 0 people and 0 tweets?!? I have more then that
Mayor Gray: “If we come together as One City… we WILL create neighborhoods in which every family FEELS safe because they ARE safe.”
We will donate copiers to non-proifts in Colorado. 30 page per minute copiers... B/W. Please call Kim for details. 303-778-0600
Go Michigan State!!
What the hell is "Le Peep"?
Most interesting day ever...
SO ready for happy hour. Today feels like a Gulden Draak kind of day...
no doubt ma I feel that I'm just tryna my best 2 get these cds done but yea ima scoop yal up sometime n get it in
Cookout with the family! #HappyMothersDay :)
It's finna be live downtown memphis ...everybody be safe....
I love how Damn Beyonce is trending
Tonight hop on a bus from the Hyatt to for A Wild World of Fun! Cocktails and a special #sealion show
Bush scud in the tax cut portion woulda been a signal to base/lefties.
Hoyas win, 74-59! Georgetown will play NC State on Sunday.
CanesDay!!.. Its all about the U!!!
RT : Indiana/Miami at 3:30 PM ET on ABC this Sunday. Will be preceded by Clippers/Grizz vs. Spurs at 1. Clear your schedules!
Thanks! I know what you mean. Every time I look at the tumblr I find a new one that I missed at the show.
If you build it as a separate piece of code on GitHub, then we will add it as an additional line in our user generated catalog. LMK
like the way he just puts himself oout there and acts all stupid and crazy and doesn't care showed me that i shouldn't care :p
lame RT Heat fans are the worst fans but there girls are hot (get it get it) no oh ok ill leave now (. .)
I ain't been to a house party in a ling ass time
Lions, Tigers & Bears (on the loose in Ohio) OH MY!
I am awesome dude!
These kids can fuck off.
What is you favorite song on the album?
I'm thinking about getting a great haircut. Any suggestions out there on where 2 start?
Clear liquor has less sugar.
yes, i do need some serious music lessons!
need someone to text.
- Thank you for the RT on our 10th.
Venue and possible date change for CD release coming. Stay tuned.
In the event you see a complete thing it looks that it's always lovely.
nah nigga I ain't tryna chill with you
Good lookin on the follow homie! I'm right back wit it!
true. Not passing judgement, because what they are going through doesn't involve me.
RT Trying to figure out if Sarah Palin is on crack or truly this dumb.
very windy yesterday. Supposed to be calmer & mid-eighties today.
You can play in Europe on PS Scoop even u from US????
I'm Preaching @ Victory Church of God 224 E Monroe Ave Grants, NM 87020 Sun Mar 25 10am (I'll be there for the next 2-3 months) A-Action E
When the saying "The good die young" is heard believe it's a fact 4 guys who were suppose 2 grow old with us is gone wake up ppl
Hope you all had a wonderful Mother's Day as well!
James Jones redeemed himself so far
Where is the poster available at?
yes yes and he's not dead and the police jut said nice job ass hole and I went in the car and Urga I'm answering questins soon
how modern of you! Now it all hinges upon what music is playing in the background.
Check your sexual IQ on my health and wellness blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Downloading Cisco UCS Emulator to check out the UCSM & Play around.
Sunday night sweat via vinyasa
Also may or may not learn how to spell
there are many politicians who have taken a stance on an issue that I may not agree but wouldn't encourage anyone not 2 vote
MEN: Does your women give you ROADHEAD often? NipplesAndNuts.com
how well do you know the folks over at the grape?
[5/5] ...and James Nevin, Jr., of Brayton Purcell. Congratulations to all for your outstanding work and service!
its amazing what some people will write reviews over on amazon.. "this cooler is great, however it is very heavy when you put stuff in it.."
INCREDIBLE Weekend! Thank you! I am looking forward to building a social networking platform based on schedules!
The greatest pleasure in life is in doing what people say you cannot-Walter Bagehot- What motivates you??
I know I might b wrong @ times & I dont mind admiting my wrongs w/ out blaming others... Can u?
Doing my best to keep busy! Miss you!! Hope you're fantabulous as well:)
I didn't, but I heard it was a beauty (laced with sarcasm). Especially the epic shootout attempt by Setoguchi
He's most definitely is not.
Got a good new book fromLibrary Thing:"Counting from Zero"by Alan B. Johnston.Really enjoying this one!Gr8 fun to be a reviewer&help writers
HAPPY HOUR AT 4 ACES GRILL
Ok St -4! ! Bringing some PAYNE!
Call Me Maybe Greyhound Remix on REPEAT ALL DAY!
I tried on a pair once they felt kinda gayish If I coped them I probably wouldn't have rocked either.
FOLLOW !!!!! YOU WONT REGRET IT!!!! SHE FOLLOWS BACK!!!!!
Now serving cannolli!$1.50 for a delicious sweet treat
Spy Bar was kickin' like always ...thanks LOS and Mario!!
Angie Kelley: ntroduces panelists: journalist from #Alabama and Georgia, Tom Baxter, Pulitzer Prize Winner , and
In the ER and realized that what I thought was spilled fruit punch on the seat next to me, is most likely blood.
If we don't we die lol RT : I need to get my mum a mothers day gift ASAP <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
SLA's News Division set up a tour as part of the 2009 conference. I can now die happy.
Bitch Aint Say HappyBirthday To Me When It Was My Birthdaye ! Smh . Thaats Why iKnow Bout Your Weave That You Trynna Call Your "Real Hair"
Happy Belated bday to Bridie. May God bless you and keep you...
know what ya mean! LoL!
The biggest room in the world is the room for improvement. Anonymous
Saito is a stud. Got us out of alot of 6th and 7th inning jams. Great pitcher to have. Was sad to see him go
I'm boredd <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
you should follow your sons piano.(:
Am starting to realize the seriousness of crush on my new giraffe print tote (that'll be doubling as diaper bag)... thank you Aunt Marcia!!
Where did you go to college? Might want to send the press release to the Alumni News.
Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.
Mahi Gato tics for the june 26th show can be purchased at lapunknoir.com.
I love seeing happy gay couples
awesome, we're down! If you want to hollar at us, hit us on Facebook... $hit gets burried on here very fast :)
I think my ears are frfrfrostbitten...
These hoes got me tripping with this fb shit..... and wonder y I fucks with who I fucks with
<U+0093>Light<U+0094> is a word that has different meanings yet is generally understood as love and understanding.
i have cancelled my recording session for saturday. gotta be there for Estrellas 100%
#FF & , thanks for watching my joke of a ustream. LOL love you both
Please tell me you are at the International #Franchise Associations Small #Business Lending Summit....
What is there to do tonight? Sodamnbored
Ladies we have some new cute shirts and dresses in as well!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
...windows mobile? didn't they used to make phones with that platform? back in the dark ages?
Now he just taking advantage of it...
you gonna have a chance at the starting job this year?
Just woke up in Detroit, MI! Getting ready to play today =)
With her 5th CD waiting to be released, Amy is making videos and pod casts. We will keep you posted.
FOLLOW I LOVE THIS STATION
what a good Mama!
U hoes let fame go to ya head bt I remember when ah nigga wouldn't even let u give em head
Don't forget about the free Magic Hat No. 9 from 6-8 at Churchkey tomorrow. We would love to see you and the #Sony crew there!
Focus = Win!
2009 M. Étain 100% #Cabernet #Sauvignon #wine allocation available starting Sept. 1st. Scarecrow's second wine. Second vintage. Buy or not?
Final thought before i clock in...the clouds are really thick. Kinda freaky...Lata!
Thank you to or the delicious anniversary dinner of lobster etouffee!
loving the new ink.
Follow me on twitter:
People seriously needa stop stepping on my sandals its annoying af learn how to walk right!
light comes from darkness....so therefore....my knew single "EVERY BODIES A CRITIC" is now available on my profile...so take a listen -NOW-
": Sen Herb Kohl endorses Tom Barrett for Governor #wirecall"
Being more mature about it ... So I'm not gonna cry ..
so what we on today
Is u a Japanese female with a perfect butty?
Saw a plane carrying a rocket ship today. In the air. Honestly, how the hell can that happen? #Enterprise #physics?
Twelve thousand tons of radioactive water, two hundred million gallons of spilled oil. Turning the ocean into a big toilet.
that's what I'm sayin who cares if it's done
RT : We deported or removed more than 46,000 parents of U.S. citizens in six months last year.
How about them #AAPLs? Can we get back to running the stock up again? #recordsales #$110billionincash
Older books I've recently reread and still liked: The Cave by Saramago, Open City by Teju Cole, Literature and the Gods by Roberto Calasso
you ran a 5k? That's awesome!
which includes (though is not limited to) a heavy preponderance of low-end market players and applications
I could care less as long as man u win the title:)
Rolos are little chocolate poos of joy
Come on #Preds gotta get this win
Why do something to someone else if you wouldn't like it when they do the same thing to you? Use your brain.
My birthdayy is almost here. C;
sticky bras are life savers
a nigga is full <U+E404>
Laying down + Listening to John Mayer = <3
+1 for that. RT : New gmail is icky.
and once again she tries...
I might look fake but Iam real as it gets boo boo! In Evelyn's voice lol
If anyone is surprised by Greg Odens annunciation that he was a prior alcoholic, I frown at you. The aging shines ALCHY all over him.
Today's Pizza of the Day is for Meat Lovers: Sausage, Ground Beef, Pepperoni, Bacon. $12.00 plus free toasted ravioli if you mention this !
Justin Bieber apart of the
AVENGERS DAY HAS FINALLY ARRRRRIIIIIIIIVED!!
Love the avi!!
I'm a fan of great talents lol!
- Who was quoted as saying that? Curious?
Is it time for lunch yet?
Oh forgot to share my big event "Girls Night Out" April 5th Highland center Pointe Hilton Tapatio Resort 2 pm - 9pm I will post more later
Just got back to the shop. Ran out of gas on a testdrive. What a nice day to sit under a shade tree during work hours.
Getting ready for work.....I've been off the whole weekend and did nothing.. Smh....
You called my blood pressure "adorable" on the Facebook. I couldn't make that up.
Drop it to the floor, that's an ass-quake.
75 minutes of cardio done and meal 1 down... counting down until meal 2... seriously starving =(
ACT tomorrow
Did you wager on the Chicago Binkhawks today? Also, the Nuck-nucks have gone from 4-1 to 9-1 to win cup. What will odds be tomorrow?
Great blog. Looking forward to more-
#sexualcultures everything is in everything: we can make theories of gender and sexuality as well through Lady Gaga as Freud
it was a special session at the Getty museum...I don't think it was advertised widely at CAA unfortunately. I found out via email.
ZOOM teeth whitening today. Ouch! Worth it, though.
can I come?
Disgusting performance by the tonight. Glad I never signed up for , would have been a waste of my money
I'm way too excited for this summer.
point them out
Watching the Heat earlier 2night, I think all coaches can respect the journey that Spoelstra has gone thru 2 land as NBA head coach
now has 2 locations in the Deland/Orange City/Daytona/Deltona area. Come out and train BJJ and MMA.
if you will not do DWTS would you at least dance with me so I could dance with a Star?
nice! Now we won't hear you typing from a mile away.
Pandora. Love.
RT by: Can't believe that the voter's guide is not being mailed out this year due to "budget cuts". Yet another scam from dems.
Good morning right back t you!!!
luckily it wasn't mine
I got a real big kick out of the biology test today. I can't wait for more.
When I go somewhere, I always want people to remember me. So I do, say, or wear weird things.
Multi-task on your treadmill. Grab some hand weights and do shoulders, biceps, curls while you walk on an incline.
Hi Tweeples! I'm back!! Thanks to the peeps @ HP my laptop has been repaired and sent back with all my original files and programs!
it didnt work
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen gets you a John wall jersey <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
it was lovely to see you too!! I can't wait to see your showcase :)
I'm aware of that. Britannica is a proud institution and seems to be doing what it needs to to adjust. Not clear why the ALLCAPS.
Sore already...this can't be good.
Man, do I. You were so mad! It was just bc you borrowed my Spider Man comics so long.
i stayed up all night in order to buy it. #NewFavoriteSong <3
I push babies too.
violence begets violence & nothing positive comes out of stupidity and ignorance " WHAT HAPPENED TO OCCUPY YOUR MIND?
Stay hungry, stay foolish
aw, I love yew. c:
I know what you mean haha try oj #yum!
IM HERE! FUCKING READY! :D
Oh dear, I feel the hormones taking over me slowly. PMS I hate you and the person you turn me into.
I'm gonna be on TV! RT : Tune in tomorrow morning to to see live at 6:15 am.
I love Home Movie Day.
who is the nominee? You or Jesper? ;)
'Are you as bored as I am?' Makes sense even when you read it backwards...
When you say <U+FFFD>I Love You<U+FFFD> you are making a promise with someone else<U+FFFD>s heart. Try to honor it like you'd like yours to be honored.
is coming home in 2 days <<<<33333333
Mayor says they really need community involvement to work on the problems down here.
Dropped my iPhone
Round 1. This should be interesting. Tell my mother I love her.
following+RT :) pls give us a #Shoutout the #IJP4 is going to be amazing!
Hey everyone, gave to ! Have you?!
Eileen Zicchino "Treat internal audience as if they were your most important clients"
Congratulations! Juliette was most definitely ahead of her time :)
RIGHT! Fuckin chum
Just booked a show at Subterranean in Chicago. March 15th. More details to come!
You can't handle the fucking truth
We hope so - we shifted the dates to a Wed-Sat sched to try to accomodate it - STAR cannot be avoided completely unfortunately
Lol I'm not good enough.
im in west orlando
The Hair Stylist creates looks and the Hair care provider creates an enviroment on the scalp for heathy hair. Which one do you have?
Driving my ass to Valero just to get a soda.
What happened to the metal slides that could sear your skin in mid-summer? The jungle gyms that could fracture bones and break teeth?
I just saw respusha from norbit and it looked like u!! stop hating on
Everyone go check out our Facebook page for a special show we are playing in April. If you live in Indiana you're going to be there.
Man I had Mac and Cheese with Lobster! What would happen if we put our dinners together?
Tuesday Night see you at the Mutiny in Chicago!
I LOVE going on these bus trips!!! Jay and I just hang out on the bus and play Tiger Woods. Plus, we get to eat all the free cheese fries!!!
congrats on 1st home run. Baseball would be a better game to watch if everyone played the game like you. The new Charlie Hustle
#FF OR NINJAS WILL ATTACK!
RT : BREAK A LEG
We are the Romans.
just go home
thanks so much! Now get to bed and take care of yourself! Heal well!
Lets do this Lady Coogs! You can make this happen!
See snookis gonna be a great mama! RT": Sorting through my closet! Bye bye sexy clothes, hello milf clothes!"
I have homework but I really don't want to do it. Grrrr, I HATE MY LIFE!!!
STOP YOU'RE NOT GAY.
1.8 billion minds, opinions and potential customers. Welcome to the Internet. Welcome to the new age of advertising.
is there something in the air? I feel like this is a bad day
Kinda wish people appreciated me more. I put everything i have into a relationship and get nothing in return.
They're stocked up on shirts at the I Heart Denver store in the Pavilions!
Once uprising concretized in Tahrir/Alexandria virtual manifestation mattered less & sustained & evolved via other media & word ofmouth
never be broke
She's callin' my name rt about now too! Down a taco for me! RT : GLORIA
RT : I'll listen to female tlk abt anything but when it comes to her tlkin bout her boyfriend...she gotta beat it
Haha, dude, you lucked out with the sport the bags hella girls. What do have, wrestling? Haha.
Rickrolled my listening audience! Happy April Fool's!
Gladly offering a complimentary, signed copy of Kings of Colorado in return for an HONEST Amazon review. Don't all shout at once now.
yeah haha. im tired remember? (:
Just wrote two amazing songs in under an hour
#tmbadq When he looks thru those fashionable glasses does Mike Brown see the same thing we do? If so, why isn't he weeping?
we menz have our moments as well lol
one hour plus of rick ross and i still can't figure out what's the big deal about rosé except that its real sweet, pink & carbonated
Useful that in English there are different words for play and game
STOP HATING ON THEM. YEAH THEY MESSED UP.THEY'RE TEENAGERS. you guys keep saying you're all for no bullying. then why are you bullying them?
Let it be known: I love the woman of social media (and my wife)
Work week is over looking forward to perform tonight and the next two days.
Unloading superfluous inventory: New DISH Network HD Duo DVR (Model 622), ready for activation on any account: $300. Call John - 350-6428
Washington was amazingg!(:
Happy Birthday!!! :D
I'm sticking to my guns that Frolik will score the GWG. Otherwise... I might just fall apart.
what do you think Bledsoe said to Brady? Ha ha!
Calling a cab when you are too drunk: $21.50.
A Night at the Pathways Museum
Huge event going down live on Facebook! October 1st. In correlation with the launch party, more details to come...
in one week i've already started media pitches, done some spanish translation and blogging. it's wonderful.
If you haven't read the book of Job, I encourage you to.
Can't get a federal contract? all is not lost check out your state and local govt's
i figured you two would have fun with that one. go ahead i'm giving you a free pass.
No worries...you rocked it.... we should collaborate on a slide/video show at the end of the seas
notice me today??
Forgetting to close my blinds at night so my room gets soo full of light when I just wanna sleep in <<<<
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!.......
are you the answer?
I didn't delete any.
i am F.B fbobiles Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there are only walls
I am!
“: Flying home today. I'll miss my roosters, hens and 50 calibers,” o_0
My top countries are Canada, UK, Australia, Singapore, Philippines, Norway, India, NZ and Germany. (Waves to world.)
hey look at the person above me ^ she's a whore haha
IMAGINE- *looking at the stars* you: the stars are so pretty. Austin: you know whats prettier than the stars? you: what? Austin: you<U+2665>
Thanks for the info- I'll check it out, have a great night!
The weather looks good so far - performance on!
we need to hang out, i miss you...
i wish there were more country guys like you!
#integrative medicine can save lives.
my abject disdain for tweets about the weather is only matched by how incredibly this fall downpour is complimenting my current playlist.
Hey!! Long time, been busy and sick :( If I feel better, I think Sun or Mon works best for me.
Bully beatdown and beautiful buds... Chillin on a saturday
I haven't decided whether I am going for sure. Still hoping one of the networks will livestream it.
let me know if you ever want to chat
<U+FFFD>Don<U+FFFD>t fix the marketing first, fix your product
follow me back please ! xx
lol you should! see you in the AM <3
happy birthday!!!
Finished reading Digital Girot by Dr Adam J Banks!!! Check it out...
We hope to have you back next month for #RAPTUREBLISTERBURN, !
Yes, we know you and your friends here find the thought of murder humorous.
“: still at 20kish. #IOChipCount” me too, but i wanted their crack reporters to get the count
You know your backpack is too heavy when it makes your truck think there is a person in the seat its sitting in! #30lbs #BackProblems #S ...
lol I swear you have had more jobs than anyone I know!
where you located
went to a bar to watch the crosstown classic alone. havent done that 1. in years, 2. sober - ever, 3. in the daytime. kinda amusing or sad?
#FF because she is crazy, snarky, honest, smart, always hilarious, and the best friend/older sister I could've asked for.
i literally cannot stand RJ on Smash. she needs to be killed off right about now.
love this minivan! we can all co-exist
amazing to learn that only 3 of Google's management team use Google+. No wonder it's failing
Thnx!!:) RT I know, thats a problem. Next time try calling They are pretty good sending cabs
Ghee and butter don't raise triglycerides.
Sweet, can't wait to read your blog! :)
We foresee a lot of delicious fish in our future...
Today's Quote: "Mama was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness. If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother i
Where and when is the casting?
hey! this is my other account is on tweet limit
EVEN THE WHITE KIDS.
oh my goD
GHOST BUSTERS!!! LOL
That's why you live on the ridge!
Check out our Facebook Events section for Autism related activities, including a 4/21 Autism friendly movie...
. Her fiancee is a guy. A Jewish guy too, if you want to mine some anti-Semitic jokes once you exhaust anti-gay ones.
Cards R in the air on our 1-3NLH Dble hrs R happening now! Adultcon is going on as well so come get in the game and spot some pornstars too!
At work ready to get off and hit the highway
ME TO <3
Give me your hAnd derp
Awesome on dancing with the star voting for you all the way though :D
LOL. “: almost drowned in that pussy so i swam to the dog”
In life, you'll meet two kinds of people: the ones who build u up & the ones who tear u down. But in the end, you'll thank them both.
you notice, how sometimes when situations come up where you could either do the right thing or the wrong thing and there is no
Yes! RT : Scientists, engineers, teachers? THEY MUST ALSO BE VIEWABLE AS HEROES TO OUR CHILDREN.
Who else loves these two games today?! I know I'm LOVING it!
Oh, ladies you better believe it's the end of 2 0 1 1 ... #BestMemoryof2011 My family's birthdays #WorstMemoryof2011 I lost someone :(
i have to dance at 1000 am in the morn long nite rehearsal and now abt 2 get a lil shut eye!!
Really, really enjoying "Exploring Service Design" by at
": oh god.. suck my cock already" don't talk to the basedgod that way you martian
We live in this world when we love it
OMG Id love to but I got so many tickets to pay off! :((( I dont wanna spend money if I dont have to.
Same here! Outlet on my mantle. No way I was ripping the mantle apart. You choose your battles with an old house.
Can't forget about that! Unbelievable, right??
I misses you.
all women should sleep naked that's a plus or with boyshorts
Um, why didn't Barbra stay and perform with Arcade Fire? "Sprawl II" f. Barbra? No?
Plus the game seems to have pretty good replay value too. Probably the best game, that's NOT A REMAKE, on the 3DS so far!
great job tonight yarning about the tv academy breaking bad night. Good tweets for the best show on TV
Saw "Train Your Dragon" last night. I CANNOT believe how good it was!!!!! Seriously.
hehe im so glad im a
Happy Friday!!A great day for RT all the news that is news!!
Yea they Have but yea but baseball is my first though then it all change when it got boring for me and basketball found me
More tolls coming to 836 and 112 by 2014. It's Tollation Madness by MDX.
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>you've got the whole world in your bowl<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Hey! I was JUST thinking about you this today. How are you boo?
Haven't felt this good in years! Road trip on a sunny Fl day! Me and Kaylah just screaming Ramones lyrics & old surf songs. Bo in the back!
RT In case you didn't know, my love is the REAL DEAL!
Austin...I'm talking and Singing To my computer with some tear here and there...I love you..can you not tell?
Why do ppl that are out and about, call and ask what you doin, knowing you home? Kinda feels like they clownin cause I'm home n shit
A friend just called Las Vegas "Lost Wages" I've never heard that before. Should I be worried since we're going there soon LOL
Ain't nun of u Hoez keepers! ..All you Hoez
Aight u a social maven...and it did take two straight days of badgering to get u on the platform.
Will everyone on Twitter hate me if I say that I think maxi-dresses look like circus tents? I really hate those things.
The tobacco industry spends over $1million/hr to entice kids, keep smokers hooked & glamorize their deadly products #fact (via )
Today's Sandwich: Tuna salad or chicken salad on a French baguette with lettuce & tomato....served with a cup of soup....$6.95
If kisses were a tree, Id give you a forest. If hugs were leaves, Id give you a tree. If love was water, I would give you the ocean.
You know it's going to be a good lunch when you're greeted at the restaurant by a squawking real life peacock!
"Cry Me A River" - Ella Fitzgerald and Joe Pass -
Just bought tickets for the family for the closest game to Nashville vs. Columbus Crew! My youngest daughters' first game!
today my birthday, can you wish me a Happy 19th Birthday!! :D, Lots of love<3
your welcome!
Beautiful Beyonce Knowles turns 30 today. Her present to herself was getting pregnant. Nice.
Our drummer just had his appendix removed in the ER at 1:00 AM, lets hear it for him! cause thats fuckin insane... seriously. :D
oh, eggos. you make my morning complete...
"You decide your own level of involvement!" - Tyler Durden (from the movie #fightclub)
Yes. Tons of people are reporting the same issue and from what I've read on their help forums Google isn't doing much about it.
Boston US !
representing MusclesGlasses from #NYC all day
Found my maternal grandmother in the '40 census. Also found her older brother living a block away with his new wife.
Thanks for following!
listening to Nirvana :p
RT Miracles happen all day every day.. The more grateful & humble u are the more they show up
Final thoughts: don't make your thoughts truly final, always keep thinking!
I'll send you an email with all the details. :)
Nearly 15 feet being reported at Austrian ski resorts...in just one week. Spring break anyone?
he put sushi on the pizza?!
It's a good thing Man v. Food isn't filmed live, it'd be a bummer to watch go into cardiac arrest on TV.
Good morning, Anita! How are you today?
needs 2 come "hi-ya" chop my driveway w/ his super strength or melt it w/his laser vision
Sunday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing (all times ET): Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
You horses are the only athletes who ARE honest. :) Love ya
NBA, College BBall, College FBall, NFL...lots of $$ making opportunities
Rage players, look for practice news coming this week.
lol what you mean ha? You know I'm so serious
Nope. And we'd probably beat them!
is coming to the island??! When? For how long? Probably staying in/near San Juan I'm guessing
any of them, but being realist we are behind at least LA and probley behind london and mexico city. That's why it dreams
has to be Owen's last game for us. haven't seen our no 7 in fuckin ages!
I NEED A SECRETARY FOR MY FB & TWITTER I B TOO BUSY TO KEEP UP WHO DOWN
You're a slut. I don't give a shit about anything you have to say. Just suck my dick.
Eli Manning has a SB ring & MVP award & continues to steadily improve each year. Philip Rivers...not so much.
"When we care in artificial ways, it undermines equity." -Francisco Guajardo
I realize that the people I regarded as beautiful are really ugly inside.
Hope u get to feeling better soon.
Stay cool & get 2 Med 2-top Zas just $4.99 each (must buy 2) check details & YOU MUST PRINT coupon at Facebook for p/u, dine-in or deliv.
i love diners, drive-ins and dives. not bc of guy fieri but bc the food network is so addictive.
A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities- an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties~Harry Truman
what's the plan this morning, where are we starting?
Seriously sad to miss Remarkable MKE at the right now! A visionary event with some amazing participants.
Niggas is a trip!
Interesting idea: let library patrons self publish a project that will be linked to in library’s online card catalog.
I Can Get It For You Retail
I'm lost “: its not but its good neck pussy lol”
#TwSIG Digital literacy and fluency should be part of higher education. Persistent challenge in faculty education. Horizon Report
I know this girl that fucked the whole city.
it's actually #1 on our #bffright and responsibilities contract.
I been drinking all day all off and on lol Sold 500 kegs of beer.
Getting the 7 inch release finalized and excited about playing Saturday at the Basement!!!
Backup ur data regularly. U never know when u'll need it. Migration from dead MBPro to new MBPro wuz flawless with Time Machine backup.
No idea.
Today in Lit. History: On April 30, 1945 Annie Dillard (recipient of the Pulitzer Prize for General Nonfiction) was born in Pennsylvania.
New Kindle looks Attractive will look into that!!..but i'm in iPhone 5 mode right now!!
Immanuel won!! Round two tomorrow morning!!! GO LIONS
made me n even bigger fan aftr 2nites shows! Loved it so much no voice left
wazzup everyone ! I'm new here, tweet me !
If you want to do extraordinary things for God, you need an extraordinary relationship with God.
Ok so the steel band done packed the Martinis in Ft Wash..real mature on a Sunday...
DUBZ UP MANE in school gaining info and writing dope music on the lo FLY OR DIE CAKE RESIDUE JOE SIG HOLLA AT ME PIMP
i'll just have to make a trip to sunny california!!
Thanks so much! Great keeping track of #c21symp from an ocean away.
You know on google chrome they have a theme with tht pic xD <3
I miss her... Oh yeah I miss you too! Lol.. how you been?
So what show or thing will take over for Friday nights for #goldrush #thinkgolditsfriday fans?
Thanks. We'll miss him too --- Laura Diaz
The giant drop is a pretty safe ride to fart on. LMFAO (;
z I'm out.
Congrats to our fav ladies for getting 's pick "Best of #Vegas" showgirls!
yeah I am going to CWW!!!<U+E405><U+E107><U+E122>
650 CEOs nationwide were asked the best state for best business climate, taxes, quality of living, FL ranked #2! CEOs - Come to Pasco!
Just when I thought Twitter was completely useless, somebody thought of #alaleftbehind . I almost snorted iced coffee out my nose.
Watching President Obama on 60 minutes discussing the Bin Laden operation, incredibly intelligent and analytical, 2nd term hopefully done!!.
The whale sounds in Boyfriend are really cracking me up! XD
thank you (:
Q3) use SoMe as your backchannel for traditional events. I find the conversation continues and can sprout
Was wondering if you'd recognise me... how have you been? :) (Very nice blog... will have to delve deeper when I'm not at work)
I'm back home. Woo.
RT : Hell yeah nuggets let's do this dammit.
todAy the kid behind me was lik u got issues i said yeah&me&my friend were likOHYEAH rly loud thn our teacher yelled. YAHOKAYITS OURFAULT
; me & kristen talk. && she says its a bad idea.
I'm starting to confuse tumblr with real life. I was reading an article for homework expecting a meme and couldn't find the punchline.
If u know people in the area who are into mountain biking, let us know! We're looking to find the right people for this series
Watching jumping the broom Mike Is a foo!
in this economy people just aren't dying like they used to I guess
I'm feeling really young listening to these more senior scholars talking about texting, Facebook and parenting
The biggest bee is just chilling i my room and I don't know what to do im freaking out lol
is there anything you DO NOT hate!!!
A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. ~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
i have a feeling the shirts at the Rammstein concert are going to be a little more expensive. hopefully not.
SUPERFANS IS MEAN -.-'' JUSTMYOPINION SO WHAT
Ah pretty much getting ready for tomorrow!
at home :/
so glad you enjoyed your evening!
Telling your wife that the dress shes wearing does make her look fat
So,3 of my friends are going to the TRAIN CONCERT @ the Gulf Coast.I follow TRAIN on TWITTER
Put em my rearview mirror buddy got a date can't be late!! Lol
make a difference.
Its official. I went to my first Lincoln Day Dinner of the year last night- thank you North Shore Republicans.
low level jobs are handed to illegal immigrants who are willing to get a flat pay of as little as $2 per hour, on average
Our children would be FIERY. And weird. And probably bullied in school.
Just downloaded free iSocialize app as a way of bringing my social media together. So far, so good. :)
Anyone on here a fan of ZBB song, "Colder Weather"? Yeah...#levilowrey helped write that. =)
Just had Chinese food <3.<3
. AD made it a priority to take Butler to next level...and they did. Others can do it.
Giveaway time! Milwaukee Admirals game & Craig Morgan concert tonight! Tweet us if you want the tickets!
Unpredictable but he predicted to be the greatest...
what's a matter brother, can't take the heat, whatcha gonna do
Mochipet 2/21: ATHENS, GA @ NEW EARTH MUSIC HALL
Tuning in now the see social media history being made.
RT : The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. - Ralph Nader
- my fuckin knee hurts :/
Unbearable! Did God create those or the devil? (Smile) At least they remind you that you're alive still. LOL .
Your on twitter
Realized today that I didn't know where my cell phone was, ordered a new one shipped to NOLA. Still a dumb phone, and I'm smarter than it!
true, some peoples idea of appropriate closes their audience to a narrow circle of like mindeds.
Were going to go on a bunch of rollercosters today !!!! Wow
livin young and wild and free <3
tonight is a good night for a fire.
We all in here packed
absolutely! I look forward to it.
I'm watching along with
I love the on Sundays! Esp awesome in 4th inning.
We are launching 2 new products today: Customer Intelligence and Ask & Answer for Facebook via
Damn man it's raining & shit… F U C K !
I'm here and having fun. House is RIGHT ON LAKE ERIE.
I don't think so but we are going!!!
just won big time rush/cody simpson tickets by texting the radio station ONCE lololol
How can a country sign a bailout bill 4 a loan when they have to take austerity measures to payback a loan they can never repay when int% up
might because I LOVE the band HIM, I listen to a ton of other Finnish bands and I'm just intrigued by the language/country lol
Power Equipment Direct Adds DeWalt Generators
Daddy's Lambo.
my last bottle of blackout stout! :((( i can't really afford this now.....(guess who's going shopping tomorrow)
Flaunting my sexy wife at work....#Priceless ...lol
LOL - True. But we can identify when its done incorrectly...
Up in NOHO. Ridiculous How's there's 6 shops in 1 block.
how are things going back home?
Is everyone here in Indy watching Luck and Stanford? He's the real deal & NO WAY The Colts can pass on him if They get the #1 overall pick!!
God gave me you.<3
yyyeeessss lolololololololol and I found u
My mom be too happy when I make Deans List! Calm down shorty! lol
My son and I are actually 2 of the 250 to get tickets to the combine on Sunday.
appreciate the RT Douglas!
what secrets? Are you referring to what Taylor said tonight
Had a great work out its been a while since I woke up early and just when jogging and worked out my mind is in peace :) happy Friday
Welcome to twitter sister :)
“: You can't imagine the immensity of the fuck in which I do not give.”
and, where are you going to be in a year from now?? THINK. Where and what will you being doing?? YOU DON'T KNOW.
My cousin act like he got terrretss I swear ! Shits crazy .
This is the first time ive ever seen 'boy' drama ...
rene wrestled with me for 3 years ha
nah man have a competition satday. When does that deal end??
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle. A whole Titty trilogy "The Man With No Titties", "For A Few Titties More", & "The Good, The Bad, and The Titties"!
#SNOOZE is an amazing breakfast eatery in Denver! The absolute best.
Making films ain't easy!
Would much rather be sitting with Tyler right now
Some will some won't. #NYPD r u listening? RT : Will the cops figure out 2 late they are protecting the wrong people?
WILL WE SEE YOU THERE? ICSC Southeast Conference #ICSC #SEConf less than one week away! (any #crejavaclub peeps?)
Music, once admitted to the soul, becomes a sort of spirit, and never dies. ~Edward George Bulwer-Lytton
Changing My name for the Last time on here.
Thanks for the follow Mary Kay - and for all you do for kid's safety! I have 2 of my own!
Note to self don't lean to far back In office chair... Luckily I'm by myself in the office this morning
Great coverage today mate - Im ironing the shirt about to hit Meydan, watching your Valley wrap up. Big night tonight
James Earl Jones just got an honorary Oscar!!! And if you don't know who he is, he was the voice of my childhood: Mufasa and Darth Vader!
drunk driving is quite possibly the stupidest thing in the world. a car is a giant weapon. remember that.
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS #TEAM FOLLOW BACK #INSTANT FOLLOW BACK #TEAMAUTOFOLLOW #500ADAY #TFB #100ADAY X1
Black Friday = National Day of Grading for most profs.
how long are you stickin around ?
We had a great weekend and are ready for some record sales this upcoming year.
You are just holding me back :/
the #gsoc channel actually. Getting feedback on an unsuccessful Google Summer of Code app. I'll have to check out
Erick Aybar and Bobby Abreu did NOT look happy with each other just then.
Hell yes.Lesnar is back.this is to sweet.
Trying to understand is like straining through muddy water. Be still and allow the mud to settle. -Lao Tzu
Yeah no, you're totally right about the ending; it made me teary. I just wish it could go on forever.
hmm. I only want Analytics for twitter, don't want all networks to be consistent...
It's been a good season Chicago. Bruins... you're my last hope....
Hope you're having a fruitful trip!
Bout time Jets!!!!
get outta here!!! Wow what a bum you should join him in the <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080> since he don't take showers have a squid fight under water
oh wait, i meant that im gonna BUY my merch today :D still excitedd tho . ~dannah
Someone stick a fork in Rush Limbaugh, I do believe he's just about done...
Good morning !
Hey everybody!!
Oh, that's a good point. Those electives in American universities have to be paid back in time costs.
skyping with is a fun time
Home stretch of my 21 day fast..6 days left.
we don't know yet.
Oreos, hot tea, my blanket, and my movie Cars....#HYFR : )
Can u save gifs on an iPhone?
No problem in my life is my fault. The government should take care of me so I can complain about how they do a bad job. i AM the 99%
Oh...now the internet works...gosh darn the old technology of Missouri..I don't even know anyone with an iPad..:P
thanks for the favorite!
getting ready for fancy penthouse cocktail party with the art types. gotta love new york.
okay , im thinking about what to tweet ? 0.o
Just watched you dance and it made me cry - you are beautiful! Good luck!
#PracticeSquad The San Antonio Spurs because I love how Pop coaches and would love to learn a thing or two from Manu or Tony :-)
FCK YA FOLLOWERS COME FOLLOW ME!!!!!!
You're welcome! Weekend was good. Brandi's ear seems to be better! (Crossing my fingers). How are your fur babies doing?
Cut my finger pretty bad at work
challenge accepted
Target fixes everything.
Why don't you just drop dead?
I just really hate hoes .
Oh grrr. I have PE.. Do I have to?? /: I'll do curly on Saturdayy?
"both cheeks or one ?" -
I feel like they make them say those answers to look dumb. I mean, no one is actually that stupid....right? .........
we came as romans, the receiving end of sirens, the wonder years, and we'll probably end up at skrillex in the end lol
This is the day I made a twitter, since this day I have been trying to get noticed by and I wanna get noticed TODAY! #leggo 3
"Creativity is contagious. Pass it on." - Albert Einstein
That's good. I'll keep my fingers crossed for you.
no #confession needed i know im the truth n if u dont believe me try me ijs
ya pix got me stuck on damn omg :)
It's Yoga time. That makes me smile.
Failure is not falling down. Failure is staying down.
« #Scorpios approach life with an all-out passion»
Unless you call out, who will open the door?
The more I think about it, I want the Browns to stay at 4 and take TR. Dude is a stud a fills a need. JB not top 5 talent.
it should be published sometime in the next two weeks. We'll be sure to send to you!
Case Keenum with nine TD passes tonight!
Thinking of buying tickets to our friend's show and not going. I can support people financially, but not emotionally right now.
Heading to DURHAM NC this evening for the NOVEL conference this weekend. see you soon, , and everyone!
why you put that fave for but thank you, and idk maybe cus it been a minute
I knew it was your masterpiece! I said to myself "only Meg would mash 4am with quasar."
I want to!!
please tell me you've modified your flyin fish into a fetchin flyin fish
May God Bless You Today, May God Show You Favor For The Days To Come - Prayers From Bro.
I'm tired of struggling constantly. All worry, no fun. Think I may sell everything and become a pro housesitter!! I'd write songs all day.
People will take advantage of you if you dont speak up.
more needs to be done to support AIDS orphans, through better access to education, health care, nutrition, and food, among other things.
Scratch that, I can't wait to get my hands on a SIGNED COPY of Drift. I'll be in line at the Los Angeles B&N on 4/11 :)
Oh, really?
Do you view the work you do as "work" or as a calling? Curious!
Come on iggy! Please make 1!!!! I'm begging you!!!
An Earl of Sandwich will be added to the rest stop? Well excuse me!
There is a major lack of communication here...
HA!!! Do it. If you were in town, you'd SO be coming to formal with us. Alas, you're a hemisphere away. :(
I actually think it's going to be a rough campaign based on the rage in the discourse generally and during the primaries.
Blue Magic just came available for Halloween night, but won't last long. Contact us now to lock in your reservation! www.okcpartybus.com
you and should be ashamed
Haha same here
your head looks smaller in this picture
#stronglyattractedto anybody with the mindset; getting my bread up so i can stop being fed up
UGH! I have not gone to sleep yet-up working on school stuff. I should have gone to sleep hours ago. Going to be rough in a few hours...
THATS A TRUE GHETTO ASS STORY DEDICATED #formysweet16 LOVES KUSH ON A DAY LIKE TODAY PEACE OUT
Quick Tip: It's time to start planning for your Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Years promotions and events! www.spheregs.com
Good potluck dish is a great idea-fall perhaps!
hi my pretty prophyte...will you be at the pi nu celebration later this month?
“: Ladies make us ur #CustomCloset Shop with us!!!!”
Every night we look up to the stars and make the same old wish as the cars pass us by.
We had our account hacked over the weekend. That message is not from us.
Well, you better try my first idea then...lol...I hear you bro!
it's the same thing every year with that division no one is really that impressive at all
If only I lived in the UK, then I would be able to watch BGT :/
Built a BBQ deck and created a guard to protect the garden from the dogs! And saw the family. Getting things done!!
If you are like most of us, you’re getting tired of thinking about the latest downturn in the U.S. economy, and its impact on your business.
For any civilization to crumble, it takes only one generation to lose touch, Only one generation that loses Character.
Thank goodness your back:/
3 things: 1. I know u have the best hand. 2. I know they hve similar cards..& 3. I know cowboy folds. He folds AK, kid A9. 61% fav. Out!
Happy Mothera Day To All The Mothers Day, And Remember Moms Just Because Its Mothers Day It Doesnt Mean Treat Us Like Slaves lol
I'm about to go brave this EXTRA WINDY Chitown air for some food. My relationship with food is getting serious. Pray I don't blow away!
CSR Opens New Automotive Systems Development and Applications Centre in Ingolstadt, Germany
haha fine I'll dye my hair red <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Project Pure #Soccer Clinic tonight and every other Friday @ 6PM. Open to everyone. Register your child at www.puresportsgroup.com
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement. ~Brian Tracy
When does my pool open? Its hot today!!
you can be my "boyfriend" if I can be your "cover girl". See what I did there ? (; haha.
Look around, pay attention... You could be the miracle someone has been praying for.
adore your daughter, btw! We're writer friends.
We're hoping for more sunny days like today this coming summer, that's for sure! RT : Man I miss that view from Alki!
If the Brewers sweep...is it all over but the shouting?
Blowing my nose every 3seconds is really getting annoying ):<
I shake my fist at you, team Finland.
we agree. are you all set now? if not, let us know - we can get you signed up asap
haha yes i am (;
desperate for a getaway
Joanne retired today. It was pretty much the saddest day ever.
Just awesome. I've been on a Bryson kick for a few months. :-)
I take my wife everywhere I go. She always finds her way back. - Henny Youngman
Paul Bearer scared me more than the Undertaker as a child and still to this day, Paul Bearer makes me feel uncomfortable.
Happy 99% Of You Are Sluts Day.
I hate losing almost an entire day to technical difficulties....
The earliest known legal text was written by Ur Nammu in 2100 B
According to a alert sent out 10 minutes ago, there is an escaped prisoner in the area of the Hilton Hotel and west of 34th St.
omg i am craving a frosty
ohh... my dad liked you... They knew about you.
Join the staff from the St. Joseph County Parks Dept. for Animal Detectives at the Western Branch on April 10th at 3:30pm. Fun for all ages!
IN WHAT FANTASY LAND IS THIS CONVERSATION HAPPENING ON TWITTER? Hahaha, you guys...
This rain is making me sleepy! but definitly is nice.
Everything is Myeshia and nothing hurts
Do you service Watertown or Waupun? If you do go to listyourshop.com and become a member and I will get you these leads
I don't understand people sometimes. Okay, a lot of times. I think they all hate me.
Great to meet the folks at today! Anyone looking for a new apt...check 'em out!
My copy editor is in love, in love I say, with italics. Go figure.
Morning Internet World!! Alot of great things to come this year!! God is truly blessing. Got alot of dates coming up between Feb and March.
goodluck with that your team always seems to think its gonna lose
SF organizations,need interns for the summer? Japanese Comm. Youth Council is placing 800 youth(16-24) this summer! Questions?
The semester is over at last. Now it is the time to write desperately.
Get out there and be someone!
Website Design Company LinkNow Media Surpasses 3,000 Active Clients
RT : Don't forget! Huge yard sale in New Haven! #PEI 10-4 today!!
Roberto Luongo is in, 3-3 score. He's given up 10 goals in the last 2 games. #LUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU (Blame me if it's a jinx.)
It's true, it's a heck of a lot true
I seen yo butt on 87th the other day !
haha! Hey, wanna add a pic and use your new 'brand', Pancakes and Postcards, instead of your full name?
Day-long board retreat for Art Sanctuary felt great. Nothing like Art Sanct in whole country. Black art celebrated, practiced, lived.
(Princess Diaries) Micheal:"Why me?" Mia:"Because you saw me when I was invisible." <3
i have some new followers whom I cannot follow until i get 125 more followers. thank you & blessings JMA
Thanks for the follow and Check out for trend forecasting and industry news
Happy #Easter to all. Starting my day with a nice long walk with then grill time.
My fave song ever-!! "forever Young" by Rod Stewart! Rod is THE Man!!!!
We salute and say good bye to an opera pioneer...Camilla Williams who died of cancer. Pray for her family and loved ones!
That is TERRIFYING
I see everything.
that is a difficult time frame. Most landlords want a year commitment or much more in rent. I will see.
Was a great event - always creative and fun too. Glad it is getting visible to the community too. Thanks.
This game is gonna lull Me to sleep #Badgers sloppy
Lyric: Hey I heard you were a wild one. Meaning: Hey I heard you're a freak in bed. Wanna fuck?
Would you bring me Sonic Ice when I'm sick?? lol....love it...on a mission to find my own sonic ice machine...lol... :)
The fact that this is our last weekend of spring break depresses me.
WA distillery industry faces challenges as the state winds down its liquor business with whether grocery chains will carry boutique spirits
I agree with you chad. They did a nice job on it
The ER nurses are the rudest ever. Don't know who handles their PR but personnel wld be a great place to start!
So great catching up with you yesterday...
Still need 14 ...
when I get a strong craving to hear the truth, I ask the stupidest question I can think of
i dont think so
Thanks for following! Looking forward to learning some interesting tips from your tweets!
Ide rather a female speak her mind den b fake
My candle burns at both its ends; It will not last the night; But oh, my foes, and oh, my friends -- It gives a lovely light
The Shuffled Hustle II by title release June 1, 2012.
I've been giving you good pub for years, and all I got was a sweet BigTen tourney shirt! (Thanks!) Golf this summer is a must
So, the Little Goose woke me up not by saying 'Good morning'... She asked, "Mommy, can you draw the #UnitedStatesOfAmerica for me?" Umm...
lol I had 2 look at that again and saw those weren't the lyrics
At work, debating what size net you need to catch a gnome. We're talking an office gnome, eats prints and lunches and such. Ideas?
Once again im very happy to announce that i am the newest member of Big things ahead with Robbin and Bianca!
oh wow! I would just smile and wave XD
Thanks to "Liberal Think Tank" & ur guy n ugly hat-You made Mitt look AWESOME! He's got MORE support now! That Stunt Backfired-u "think"?
More like Gino's beast. So good
thanks so much! So excited!
If you like trains, I was just in the coolest train place ever.
Great! What are some ways you do that?
Then She Asks The Same Questions Over And Over Again.
Quick bite to eat before the show starts .
too cool, thanks for sharing.
Communicating #flis outside of LIS. Step 3 - Identify your in/external communities and systems of org., design, access, power.
That would be interesting as hell though. No, graphically I expected more from all of the previews. What's with the drab colors?
Alban Gerhardt performs 2 Bach Cello Suites & artist Carri Jobe shows new works. Noon today @ General Theological Seminary 440 W. 21st St.
I think some people just wouldn't know what to do with themselves if they weren't complaining
Lmao this girl almost killed that boy after he snatched that cap!
I saw (or heard) it watching the live show. Was it cut out for the west coast?
OG Droid which I haven't used in a month.
Anyone else just see the girl that gave him a kiss on the cheek? lol
yes I'm here lol I'm on duty all night lol
Just got home from the orchard, enjoying some fresh cider and some Sunday afternoon football!!
thanks for retweeting us, all!
You are trapped alright. . You better come out in a few weeks when im visiting MD.
If you finish this month strong, you end 1st quarter of 2012 strong. Do whatever it takes now to be in a position to do what you want later
Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work
Lets get that road win Hogs and beat lswho today WPS!! # Go Hard 4 Christ!
Delonte West is a creep
Staal and Ricards let Chimera skate right into the slot....
So I just figured out Coles a bench warmer and Caden likes typing in Caps?? Haha
WOW. Super surprise tonight. brewer's night's special guest: the infamous failed batch of BB XXII. ZANG!
Weirdest fucking dreams last night. I was having sex with trannys in a tranny brothel that was so seedy it scared the shit out of me.
Wtf I hate traffic
will do you proud on the PP... DJ ChadGadYo.
send me a link?
Im pretty sure its happened before
And you know this RT : Yessir! Bout to pick up this W in SA
I know...I feel like a traitor. Started drinking yerba mate which is about 1/3 the caffeine of coffee so I'm still getting my fix.
Its pretty cold lol
RT : LOL! #icant RT : my poor 3GS I'm scared that update is going to blow up my phone!
sorry i was confused i just remembered that u said u weren't coming! My bad!
oh lord!
Shoutout to for saying my aunt's cake was good, even though I know she was just breathing the air.
haha that is awesome! Really gets the point across.
Thanks for the 4/3 follow friday goodness. Will get you back this week...
when you're involved in drama from people you don't even know
No problem, when you do good works it needs to be supported.
Hope all my folk is good after this afternoons plane crash.
Um... is following me? o.O I'm gay, despise Gov. Bentley, and am completely against Alabama's new immigration law.
I don't know where I see myself in the next 7-10 years
#Teamfollowback #follow They will give you a shout out
hey yall check out dem premires and concerts comin up
Yaaaaay! Welcome back!
I only listened b/c I keep being made to wonder if I've missed something! Lol-her look is even *less* interesting to me.
haha so you found your ipod? :) I'm not going to school today :/
i'm cold :s i'm freezing lol
Boy shorts and wife beaters >>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
You're right. It's way early. But... I'm skeptical.
#edtech #edchat Great collaboration idea for class discussion
I used to hate walking... now I love it.
Aww YW ! "I'll keep up on ya, you'll do great....don't put too much pressure on yourself, that helps ! Emmi :)
Watching New Girl with Viggle Tue | 8PM | FOX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Need a bench n my room
good to know you are not superhuman:-p I thought this was a new goal at first. And thanks for anniversary mention
How many $ per user are all those millions of new $FB users in India, Bangladesh, Malaysia, Columbia, Croatia, etc? much < $1.17
and I will DESTRROYYYYY you!!!
Awesome! Looking forward to the Jingle Bell Run :) Thanks for sharing!
smells like middle age spirit just doesn't resonate as well.
#BOYFRIENDReview I think #BOYFRIEND is one of the best songs has ever made :) #proudbelieber 23
Homework and Talking to this kid in between :3 had a great day. but i know tomorrow will suck/:
yeah you're havin' a blast
but ain't it clean doe!
I corrected meself I apologized but i'm done with the haters here
ive been here there, everywhere
I really dislike being someone's nearly last priority, especially when I'm nothing but good to your dumb ass.
The kings are gonna be in trouble next season or so. Lotta players who's stock rose a TON this season an can make big $$$ somewhere else.
he be doing some sneaky stuff lol .
omg followed me!
4/10/1789-> Crèvecoeur:...I can declare that no prospects however flattering could induce me to quit the private walks of life
Happy Birthday Luv....Be sure to enjoy your day babe!!!!!
Why thank you! I certainly miss the old team, all the amazing tangents we chased and the movies we ranked!
why didn't you tell me, you know I'm poor.lol
Hope Kurt is on his best behavior.
my co-worker apparently decided to bathe in perfume this morning - i'm going to puke soon!
Hey I just tweeted you and this is crazy but here's my twitter so follow me maybe??:)
Aristotle and Hippias say that [Thales] gave unliving things a share of soul, conjecturing this on the grounds of the magnet and amber- DKA1
so you are a Taurus
RT NYU Holds Networked NY: A Conference For People Who Like NYC, Blogs, Wine And Cheese [and also & ]
I don't get you at all
Long Council meeting, just about over. Finally.
Good Morning! It's time to take today by storm. Boom.
can you blame Lebron with a view like that in the middle of January? Bet Lake Erie looks just a tad bit different.
noppe, never been. might study abroad there during college!
Are we going to make it to 2012 or is Obama going to destroy the USA before he gets out of office hes doing hes best to.
Welcome to our Twitter feed to have you aboard!
Trapped inside with all the snow outside.
hhahahaha Im mad bored and tired but i cant fall asleep
Its a deal.
Ima Ask Mi Uncle If He Ever Come Back To The House
you as well
#neveragain will I shop at deb, but it's for the sake of looking like an idiot at groove boston soo
- Praise G-d, All day everyday, AMEN Baby!!
I was giving you a compliment on your ability to master three languages. I know one.
I swear it wasn't me. I was the guy standing there with his coffee cup, mouthing "really?"
Check out Robert Lang's work! Origami will never be the same.
i live 2 hours from your hometown in Stratford, i hope you know to stay true to your roots and faith and remember we love you!
"Many swim in the sea, though you are all I see."
#FF 'Cause he just wrote that thing I retweeted that was hysterical.
Upcoming show: Friday, May 25th in Mineral Point, WI. At Beezy's 9pm. (that's close to Iowa)
Arrived at 24 Hour Fitness on the 23rd hour of the day and 5 hours later I'm showing no signs of stopping
Kidnapped Woman's Text Messages Led Police To Her Rescue - Hartford Courant
They say to keep your friends close and your enemies closer but the problem nowadays is you can't tell them apart
Almost there!
So, if I wanted to incorporate a digital humanities element into an 18-c lit course, what could I do?
WARNING: ABOUT TO CATCH
I actually got the gallons in a barrel question right. Missed the hops and miles from brewery questions ...
spring. . .sprang. . .sprung!!
If I'm Sean Payton or Joe Vitt, I go on Gmail and take our chat log off the record...
we create custom designs for our clients. they buy printed apparel directly from us
About 15 kinds of breads are offered each day at Firehook Bakery to satisfy everyone's craving!!
Sri waiting on the tweet where i said kobe passes "A lot"
Sounds like a breath issue. Either way, ick. TMI.
(Thomas Alva Edison) Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
The whole Trending Topics thing...useless! WHAT IS THE POINT OF TWITTER?? TELL ME? Ads=Scam, Celebs=Whatever!
Don't let the death of one man... be the element that causes you to put your guard down.
Let's get going for the day. Great campout this past weekend. I've got my SEC tourney tixs, & traffic gets back to normal
Fantasy Friday Coming Soon!
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Snow white and the seven titties.
goodnight twitter friends love you guyz
where at bro?
followed you back! thanks for following me!
We train loud blunts all day
Just got to agree that raccoons make better pets than snakes and that we watched The Sure Thing together. VICTORY IS MINE!
lol jealousy is gonna kill the world
told you lol
Setting up at Nassau Street Sampler Starts at 5pm.
Personal trainer meets How I Met Your Blogger ...getting over the hump one crunch at a time. Great post. Read it or veg.
Yeah man, great exposure to bad publicity.
Just filled up my tank. Someone help me with an appropriate curse word. #%*!~+!!
tide by 10
My favorite thing about #diablo3 is that you can play the game with one hand and watch "movies" with the other.
How the heck does Wisconsin not get off a better shot than that???
what is the official term for how the eye moves?
No, I was on Fury with her last year too.
Downtown gas leak NOT affecting entire IX bldg: just Play On Theatre evacuated because of high levels of carbon monoxide - source not known
it's their relationship, not yours.
you are just angry that is going with the tiny hands ad and not the King anymore
off to take a tour of the bartending school.
Happy hour 5-7 M-F
Do you guys think the new Total Recall remake will have a prostitute with three boobies in it?
wow, they're really cleaning up the twitter streets these days.
Thank you!
Walking around shooting video of young pros. Main issues coming up: better and innovative jobs, more vibrant downtown. Got a concern? Share.
I really want some pizza with ranch
u welcome boo!
I just can't eat, just can't sleep,can't do much of anything at all,'cause I'm sick and in love with you Dear.
When u drive a SUV and are on vaca and go for economy - remember the car sits lower than you expect - going full force into the roof hurts
then everything i've ever done has been a failure...
Is NBC really spending at least 1/3 of tonights 11 pm news broadcast on The Voice winner?
Do It All - Tyga
11 am outside of Macys, 40 men waiting to get inside. Happy Valentines Day?
[looks hopeful] does that mean the rest of his books will come out in ebook soon? Inc. the biographies and short stories?
I drew number 7 today. Hurry up rain delay.
I was just up there that place is full of ugly ass ppl and shitty food lol
Tomorrow - filming first stunts for Monongahela ! So psyched!
Tracking a break from grading narrative papers to write some narrative of my own.
yayyy!! Love you too :) come see me soon!
somebody in pasadena called me this morning wtf
Later u guyses
Love seeing client growth! One person from an IT mfg client found $80K in new revenue during the last #Leadership Training for Managers!
good work!
I'm just as nervous as a long tailed cat in a room full of rocking chairs-
Wayne's World!!! #ComedyCentral !
..great....r you singing at fcbc tonight?
yep spurs vs Indiana that's what's its gonna be
You have got to be effing kidding me. Just shattered my phone screen. Again.
Attending "Bboogle: Bringing Blackboard and Google Apps Together for Collaborative Learning."
What a day, what a day!
Hi #libchat I'm Tiffany. In SC.
Thanks Sarah!! RT : I've been to a few times now and I love it! cc:
From 'One' to 'So Listen' you've came so far. <3 I LOVE YOU.
"A man that hath friends must show himself friendly: and there is a friend that sticketh closer than a brother." Proverb 18:24.
Thank you for the info! I believe what i have been shown!I see what others cannot.Liked the message
Some ppl talk about going back to a matriarchy- that that would solve our problems.
Back in the Ville
May you stand alone with God and open your eyes to eternity. ~Liz Budd Ellmann
on everything!
Where did you see that? I don't see anything about that on the CTA's NATO website.
Should have watched the Oscars. I thought I be a good student and work on homework instead, but this work has just been crawling.
Angelina Jolie is way to thin!
lol that bad?
very true!!!
Bryce Harper plays 4 games and we are anointing him a Hall of Famer. I love new media. Kids good, but simmer down.
Hahah im actually... surprised you use Pirate Bay :L
In the words of "you can't win too many games when you only score 1 goal"
#crashing. Goodnight Twitter bugs ;)
So, if you picked Duffy as Pitcher of the Year. You obviously picked Hosmer as Player of the Year.
played against Jenkins & Bentley while they were @ Pahokee in HS. That section of highlight film was short
she says u guys are in love havahhahahahahah
Do you think it would be ok to take 5year old vicodin? Just found the bottle in a candle holder. Blew the dust off & checked the date. hm
also lenny Moore
Yup just got peed on #Lucy! Lol
Nice piece on #BigData in CIO. Any chance you're available for a pre-brief by ? DM
Have set my DVR to record Timbers at 30 as a series. Father and son must watch weekly!
Lol I Think School Been Started Bro.!
kick life in the balls and drink booze...its friday
Starbucks to open on Disney properties
Who wants to win an iPAD was great fun, now I gotta get one for my wife!
Or you can just be a fucking douche... That's cool too.
you bitch
its okay!
So not ready for prom! Can I have another week please?!
When are you dropping your first video man??
V.O. (voice-over) session for Nat's Lose Lose with William Tabanou @ Tab Sound Design today. Thanks Tabby!!! :)
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
you looked different last week. Haircut? More tan?
goodmorning miss panda!! (; aha
“We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid. So are regrets.” <U+2015> Marilyn Monroe
haha that's an understatement. I was front row too which made it even more insane. The speed of his hands were incredible
Hammond and Kohl excited about Scott skiles coming back as #Bucks coach. Even though not satisfied with results of season
thx! i still have to fix that / added a mongo php driver to dreamhost and it gave all my sites a bad php.ini file. oops.
Good to see you as well! Have a good one. RT : One dude who knows his basketball is Good to see you today, man!
Figured out not only how to get to the classroom in Academic Center, but actually leave the building the same way I came in!
Had lunch at the new #Madison It just opened today, very good. Anywhere w/ free soft serve gets 2 thumbs up in my book!
Merry Christmas to All!
I really love to make movies. - Sean Penn (Actor)
Hey, I think you've been hacked. Or else a lot of people are saying bad things about me. Lol.
I keep my shit together, not a screw lose
Yes he does but with a tank twist. His voice grabs u like Tanks does. RT : remind me of a modern day Musiq soulchild
So.... whos winning?
what u talkmN bout
2012 Goal #5: Finish as close to my cousin, riding his ostentatious Cervelo, as possible in the DC Tri .
Thanks for sharing my blog!
This I know Mark. Keep up the good work!
RT : Dinner at Stanton Social tonight is gonna be slammed. Yes
dave is a beast!
Let's go Bama!!!
Jeff George on Fox12 looks like he has the bird flu. Poor guy needs some sleep!
nice tweet. Much appreciated!
Watching Psych with my lady! Love this freakin show! EROCK
apple just bought some company to make it easier to find apps on store
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =) .
The voter ID law does not prevent illegals or those voting in multiple places it disenfranchises students and minorities.
Loading images from Cure by Design show. Poor lighting plus no photo-pit means it was run and gun shooting. 6fps means lots to look at
I'm sorry, those might be tears of laughter.
I amazes me that you can have two things and name them different and one sells for thousands and one for a few bucks.
Precincts beginning to report... Quiz: how many precincts in the great state of Wis.? Answer: 3755
thanks for the mention.
Good news, i just got my dick pix back and they look great! Ill be posting them soon.
And the gay guy gets the girl haha
I have too many people in my phone with the bar I met them at as a last name.
<U+2665>I feel so blessed for the experience & wonderful ladies I met Saturday!! Thank you ladies of the Columbus NCNW for hosting a Baby Shower.
haha what are you up to?
i know i have to kill this commercial for class...cause that last gade....was a m'f....i wasnt used to that..
Do you find it difficult to organize all of the info related to planning your #familyreunion? Why? We want to hear your thoughts!
going off on James about late game choking
You certainly were quiet when 20+ libs, including my other account, were banned on the same day.
Isn't the game tomorrow night? Wish it was tonight.
I have no cupcakes in my fridge and find it to be equally absurd.
So exciting things coming including a pickup boot camp in Bolivia! Hottest clubs, models, SUVs, and ridic living quarters!
The #Giants win YES!!! Big Blue!!!!
#ispi2011 what chat n chew sessions interest you the most?
“Look at my face, does it look like I care?" - "Well by looking at your face, God didn't care either"
..Good I hate AROD and those damn yanees...
Does anyone have mario party for nintendo 64 that i can borrow or where i can get it?
Todays the last day of starbucks happy hour :(
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. thats real
Charles & Baltimore 11-2 then 36th in Hamden at the SPCA for the first Food Truck Gathering of the year 5-8
Yes and love it too. I highly recommend 11/22/63. One of Stephen's best.
Duck derby today! Go 0805!!
my family actually originated from Alsace-Lorraine, back when it was a part of Germany
Any #histmed article recs on theories of poison and disease in 17th c.? Esp. interested in African poisons in Euro. discourse.
A movie camera is like having someone you have a crush on watching you from afar... you pretend it's not there.--TOM STOPPARD
Me too! Which Avenger member are you excited to see?
"Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes." - Jim Carrey
you're so nice editing me out xD
I am glad tomorrow is Friday. It has been a long 4 day work week.
#NP Diamond District - &
GO RANGERS!!!
I just realized that I will miss game 1 of Pacers/ Miami series due to graduation ceremonies. Not to happy about it either.
what is the best way to get a child started in print work?He really loves the camera and it seems to love him also:)))
take this thing from ground up
I was thinking 2.9mill. But we'll see. And yeah we are lol
u said u didn't like him
Thoughts and prayers to Junior's family. What a terrible loss.. I hope they can come to terms with this senseless tragedy.
Who is this, anyway?
And professionally, if I ever fear for my job, that's when I find a new one.
How did cows feel when the branding iron was invented? They were very impressed!
I had no clue I was nominated for most prominent leader lol thas entertaining.
Pacers Can't Close out Games For Shit
"Some people don't have the guts for distance #running. The polite term for them is sprinters." #XcNation via
I'd love for the Patriots to be out of this don't get me wrong!!! But Tebow effing SUCKS The defense the kicker... give someone else credit.
Don't miss your next season by chasing after what was meant for you last season!
#Congress: “Support legislation that funds #afterschool programs. Don’t let kids and parents down!” –Sister Janet
Last party of the school year :-(
I dont know, I've seen Tebow miss some pretty bad. ;)
I'm still sleepy!
Hey you're the only friend I have that understands my guy problems.. I hope you know. I love you, I've got some stuff to tell ya
The guy on Swamp People's name is Cleetus!!!!!! LMBO!!!
My heart is with one but my trust is fucked up. Bad combination. :-/
do u have any interracial Scenes cause I never seen you in one<U+2B55>none lol
Going to the family bbq- will need $ for therapy afterwards! (Haha kidding)
Great session today at #KySTE2012 on Evernote! I already am using, but learned many new features to enhance! Loved it!
Thanks man! Those are some crazy looking guitars. The Minarik folks always treat me very well.
Who is following 's countdown of the 59 wines in the #Complexity portfolio?
What if your already following her?
damn lucky ass
Featuring Jeremy from win there cd & a McDonalds Shamrock shake listen now on
Huh, who knew 3 members of the Decemberist would be playing
This day has gone by too slow... #timeforbed <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Look Good Get A Haircut Whit us Call The Shave Barbershop 305.866.1940 Thank you !
Cats rock
link me. About to run to it
Janet...........You asked me to tweet you hard so here i go... Get ready TWEETING HARD! lol ure right nxt to me.
thank you! <3
"Judge a man by the reputation of his enemies."
OK Dumb question What is that?
"& i'll NEVER let a n*gga get that close to me. & you ain't cracked up to what you was SUPPOSED TO BE!!"
#AustinComeToChile #ChileIsWaitingForYouAustin we want u here
Stephen Brown is on Twitter. You know what to do...
WHAT ABOUT FIREFLY?!?
1st, I'm lovin the pic, you are truly beautiful! 2nd how you doing big sis;-) I'm great, working over 48 hours a week
:) What you doing up this early my love
Ur the stroy i dont want to tell people.
#WhenAustin sells 60 tickets for his concert in 10 minutes and you can't help but feel so proud of how far he's come. :)
Another last civil war lecture. Another confederate nation defeat
Going on with & shortly. We might talk baseball. Or maybe the finer works of Roy Lichtenstein. Sirius/XM 165
why do i feel i'm breaking apart? </3
Monday Night Football and the Miami Heat.... Kicking it
haha that was my attempt at internet sarcasm. I promise it won't happen again...
Finally a new icon (;
It is well deserved!!! Sending good vibes your way.
If you get stressed during the holidays, always remember that STRESSED is DESSERTS spelled backwards!
Thanks for the RTs, guys!
Our partner Hotels include Springhill Suites, Courtyard Marriott, Fairfield Inn, Sheraton City Centre, Conrad & Hilton Gardens.
Well, I know everyone will hate me for saying this, but I think the book Thornton is creepy. Obsessed :-D
#aam2011 checked in, talk uploaded, forms signed. Orphan Works talk just 4 hours away.
#BostonSportsReport: Flash flood in north Afghanistan kills at least 27
lol I won't talk too much shit bc in sure your salty right now (: haha
Thanks for the follow guys! What a great Idea!!! I can't believe I have never heard of this before. I'm 5' 8" so you know...
I DON'T WANT TO DECIDE
This girl has a bug in her hair. Part of me wants to tell her because her reaction would be funny.. Not as funny as her finding it herself.
you're so welcome-- thanks for all YOU do!
you did leave us for DETROIT!
H.W. Jr was wrong on the analogy of Obama to Hitler. Obama won against "Netanyahu" in golf. The Jews clearly made out better than hitler.
id like to come wish you a sweet 16..(;
It will be interesting to see how it plays out! Still not convinced the balcony is a great place to see a show there.
Best day eva suckasssss!!!!! Except for that stupid test...
RT RT Bar Louie is offering a complimentary shuttle to Summerfest each Thurs-Sun... stop down after 3pm for a ride!
The popularity of Downton Abbey should make execs realize that acting, characters, and writing trump high concept any day. But it won't.
BULL·E
Not a good sign for the GOP...more to follow?
hey sorry. i've had a shaved head and i was shit on by people for it. it's none of my business what you tweet though. sorry.
would love to xoxo
If Rosario continues to hit, is he going to be a regular sooner rather than later?
so. awesome.
FL tomorrow....I don't feel like flying tho.
Who has two thumbs and gets a five-day weekend soon? This guy!
I'm moving to Seattle the weekend to reunite with my wifey! Yay!
God im that girl
This chick over here stacking crip.. lol she's good at it!!
you'd think Ruby Jane would keep him busy.
So far best weekend ever with my boo except of course when I met him <3
Only white pplz come out with shows like this! Niggas ain't going for ish they can't see...
No way did u see that
Sarunas Marciulonis HOF induction during halftime will be riveting
awe thank you so much! You're to kind! #LetsGoPens :)
#Portland #Pilots Women's #Soccer winning it Team #USA style with a dramatic late winner! #Penn State on Sunday! BRING IT! GO PILOTS!!!
I wish I could teleport! RT : #Boston: Come get your tacos #CityHallPlaza! We will be here from 11-5:30p.
#wiprimary It's election day in Wisconsin. I voted. Have you?
Watching scream 4...
Good for them. I need to see what I can learn about what students here can see.
yup yup
#ThingsINeverUnderstood - wanted to talk to her about a year ago now she comes around ?
Dangerous. Scandalous. Getting the questions YOU want answered. 'Round the Bases debuts on March 15 at 10pm CT
thanks for the RT
Russell Westbrook Got The Crowd Hyped
<3 RT : When I see an adult on a bicycle, I do not despair for the future of the human race. ~H.G. Wells
Thanks for NAIOP Tweet on Public Private Partnership presentation!
Ben Aflack just jumped into my blunt so my swisher SCREAMING spaceship shit!!! Supa loud
Cheap Drug - Savings up to 65% - Rite Aid - CIALIS -
Were looking for Rochester NY Attorneys to follow us.
Nothing stressful about it. Just takes attention.
QUESTION .. does eating a girl out really make ya FACIAL HAIR grow lol ?!
Really need a new job
I'm captivated by you, baby, like a firework show. Drop everything now, Meet me in the pouring rain ;)
What's up Ma!!
Tired of working on the same franchise year after year? Let #VonChurch help you find an exciting team to join!
wait... Are you the one wearing the go radio shirt?? Cause I'm the one in the red awkwardly staring at you...
im crying omg i should be there... that should be me.
I assume when Mitt Romney favors "punting" policy decisions to states, you'll also criticize him?
Just asking: Are the jarheads on IOC who dissed Chicago for 2016 Olympic bid the same guys who picked Qatar for 2022 FIFA World Cup?!
Your wireless is a bit flaky over here at Ancora. Can you look into that? kthx
Hoopin at the church was decent as hell man..I hadnt seen all my ppl in a long time... actually can shoot now
yes indeed! Can't wait lol!!
HELL YEEAAAAAAA life is forreal like amazing right now
I'm just thatt good
A little disappointed at how #TeamAdam worked out...Can't believe didn't get through...
go you
Efficient processing can be achieved by going around the curators. Sounds a little fascist to me.
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other. -John F. Kennedy
#SomeWhereOutThere a dude is about to fight over a chick who hates him.
Hey, I was wondering if you'd like to write for GamerAdvice. I liked your writing, so I'd thought I'd give you a mention.
i dont think its jenna, but she probably know who -A is...... i think its melissa
Few statements make me happier. From #Patriots press release: "the 2012 schedule includes 9 1:00 p.m. games, including 4 at home" Yeah!
Pumped that you will be in the New Tiger Woods 2013..
Your very welcome soldier mami! Stay safe! XOXO
"A 1-800 number was like today's URL" Jay Walker
lg and I are getting on the road in about 30 min. With a quick stop to drop off puppy :)
Uh who the hell is on #1010 rt now?
Stop with the snow already! We get it. It's winter. It snows!
how you know? -.- did you sign up? No so don't talk if you don't know.
hey who won d cruise! I am waiting 4 ur call! Lol
Sounds like it's almost fully formed!
Join us and - the color QUEEN - at Color A Cause to benefit on April 19 at 7:30
on our way in with green smoothies & yoga mats. YUM.
#DontWifeThatChickIf she cant handle anal
Prom tomorrow cuhhhhh!!
Graduation #MAY 17th :))
When you're at olive garden and you see everyone playing Draw Something
follow me back please.....
": "GOTTA GET THAT BOOM BOOM POW!!!” what the fuck?" Can't get that song outta my head
heh. Welcome to the fold.
Oh no! BF3 disc got effed up as well? I'd report these to MS.
OK I got ya back on the follow, PEACE
Tired, sick, and cold.
Great story! Thanks for sharing!
did u like it??
Bae need to wash my car..he trippn
When asked "What would you bring with you to a deserted island", how come no one ever replies, "A boat."?
"The medium is the message." --Marshall McLuhan (1911-1980) What do you think? Was he right?
Sounds good!
Exciting. Where is this at? RT : For the motion: Buzz Bissinger / Malcolm Gladwell Against: Tim Green / Jason Whitlock
apply anyway. Some of those qualifications are just wish-lists.
Hello LA!!!
YAY ! We got our food from Iams "Bage for Bowls" program!
Haha "pooping so big I can't feel my legs."
You know this thing in my pants would make it hurt good ;) ": It's love, it's love, it's love, make it hurt."
#dafuq! Tea doesn't keep you hydrated.
Check out my health and fitness blog at www.carolinescottmagicpill.com & www.facebook.com/MagicPill! Recipes, workouts, tips & motivation!
It will be my first IBS too. See you there!
yes -_- because of algebra! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
i know i know lol id be frustrated too :) shoulden't have been "Busy"
Hahahaha very nice my friend, very nice
Private Coaching in LA. On-line sessions available for students around the world! Call (323) 620-6951 for an intro session!
I'll never forget the tears you cried for me.
Noelle!! thanks for the shout out! How are youu??
Winner of the #iowadebate: Fred Thompson. Hilarious; sad.
Winston-Salem public safety committee agrees to allow outdoor drinking and dining at downtown restaurants.
Thanks! Love your name and description
About to check out the hunger games.
#BAZINGA still awake. Last final in an hour an a half. Then getting my nails done hair done everything did.
Wow. RT : Broncos PR had to eject couple of Cincy "press" from post game locker room--asked for Tebow autographs on passes!
I loved playing as a Dark Elf mage, but I just started an Argonian assassin and he's brutal. Just clear your calendar ;)
Had an amazing chocolate malt at the 99 year-old soda fountain at Fairley's Pharmacy in Portland, OR today! Highly recommended. :-)
RT : aw, that's really sweet!!! ;) I have 3 kitties.//I have 3...on the couch with me. There are more!!!
Who cares what Jamal Bryant thinks?
wait. Are we dating? Are we about to make out?
Hi Dennis, glad you and the Mrs. liked it. Hope you signed on. Do you have a site or a blog I can support? Happy 2 do it.
Twisting Sunday at Steven's Birthday Party in Lynn, Ma. from 1-2 Pm. It is going to be a lot of fun!
TLC_edu Thanks for following...
So skate depot tonight with my lil cousin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> it's ratchet up there but it's okay everybody gets ratchet every once in awhile lmao
"We have many vegetarian options, such as the Eggplant A' La Vicky. Try this healthy and seasonal dish today! #delicious #food"
#Nw Bait car
thanks for the
i hope so but they in trouble shooting horrible from outside and thats real issue,
hey!! I'm great how are you?!??
Hello Moto. I mean Coffee.
Couldn't get Bella's crate to close because of how she has her pillow which means that (if she'll move) she'll be in my room at some point
Congrats! What a great opportunity!
Happy birthday!!(:
RT - If the Jacksonville Jaguars are called the "Jags" and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are called the "Bucs"… what are th...
thanks so much man.
you just missed MJ ride by but I've got coachella ride in a couple weeks and then a couple more in the works!
a new stadium bill for the passes the House and Means committee. What's next? Listen at 5 to
is eating lunch at Chipotle with what seems like Colorado's entire work force.
#cara students Mark B., Lee G., Rodney B., & Arthur V. secured positions at OBI Deconstruction! 72, 73,74, & 75 of 310!!!
you are!
A taste: There comes a time when final words are necessary...[cont]
Charlie's Highlight of the Day: Davis/Baddeley Casting playing North by Northwest in the lobby #whataudition? #teamhitchcock/carygrant
Why the f**k does everyone drink BEER on MNRR!?!?!
I am going. Are you?
Now.... I expect you to stay drug- and alcohol-free if you want to work for me.
Don't tell Brittni that. She was just raving about how much she loves raw fish.
Our office is taking the afternoon off to watch the movie together! YA lovers of all ages in solidarity!
You didn't have to deliver me, but you did...
We both want a Britney Spears pink wig. Anyone know where to find one in SA?
Thats my thought also RT : Damn, Magic said that if Mike Brown loses this Game 7, he won't be coach next year.
without definitely.
help get to 12000 followers by his 12000th tweet. Only 11055 to need to follow,in the next 3 tweets.
appointing new chief of staff, excited for the possibility of his experience with employment and latinos.#Bmorediverse and grow!
Drew Storen fully expects to be back this season
no girl! Well for me haha
Join #awcchat today at 11:30 a.m. The topic is the relevance of resumes and CVs in 2012.
Just stopped at The airport formerly known as Mt Comfort to see a Snowy Owl with and
I would not! Haha. :p
Take one more step and i will stand outside a supermarket with a petition asking, "do you have a moment to talk about sticks?
Worlds Acoustic better
I need to bring lotion.
I kinda like clean cut Volkening or Repik.
Keep your mind fresh you might need it.
A Single Man (2009) is a delicious and disturbing story of a man who finds wisdom when buried grief unravels his repressed fastidious life.
Thanks for RT! Let me know when you have new music.
Say hello to the weekend in the best way possible, with brunch from the Bright Spot.
everybody would be talking loud in this house, late at night....
Blue states have the lowest spousal abuse rates. Guess which states have the highest. (Hint: think Red).
they've been inconsistant all season, I was hopin' you could tell me?! 0:-)
winning is pretty awesome ;)
Lee pops into my head immediately.
One who sleeps under a quilt is comforted by love.
when you wrote that, I thought you were referring to the business side. Connect with me on FB and I'll connect u up.
Yes I love Homeland
Join us today @ King Soopers, 19711 S. Smoky Hill Rd from 10-4pm. Sample our chorizo and Italian sausage.
sounds good! Let's do it before you leave
Really liked your introduction at pick 51. Watched you for yrs and you gave me and my family a great memory at Will's in CHI last yr
please, you're so beautiful. I love you so much. You're perfect skiwsdjfuidjfru this video perfect holy jesus
RT sent me ...and we rep the AK ....and the put on for our city
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Nothing, have been sick since Monday :(
Bedbugs at Patapsco again, looks like the exterminators just did not
where is it
In middle school, I think I made a plan to meet a friend at 11th and 11th Ave at 11:11, 11/11/11. If you're out there, sorry I missed it...
Went to Best Buy across from NPark and saw your former colleague Robbie Owens and reporters from Ch. 4 & 8. What a zoo!
I'm looking for serious, business-minded people to join my team. Contact me for more information.
Rodman's style in Double Team is just too much. Even for him
Dude. I really wanna see
check your email Bruce.
when u get married can I be ur best man?? LOL
DailyHookahTip#108: Leave your shisha out overnight before smoking it. This allows the shisha to properly aerate for better taste.
Ugh!!! so just go straight to SA
Thankfully, I have wonderful coworkers always willing to listen and be a good friend.
I wish I wasn't alone for the night. Darn my inability to lay up with just anybody
tweets while she plucks her nipple hairs and puts them in her mouth
I GOT A BUDGET FOR THE LAWYER THOUGH HUH(RICK ROSS VOICE).....
epic feat! Thanks for all you do, those of us who use themes really appreciate it.
Leaving for Los Angeles toniiigghhht #Yay :D
Pizza rolls = heaven pillows
Reduce friction, attract doers, make API money and fame
Bacon and accessories. Thank you, Target.
Thanks, Wendy!
Holy crap. Two of my favoritest things ever. Where dat?
Thanks so much! :) very sweet of you!
can we have roxies speakers?? I think I have a mic in the house
im hungry too
Looks like I'm heading to London, Scotland- maybe Poland in Sep! Details to follow.
good to see you again! Glad the project is going well. We <3 recycled stuffs!
Juss pissed me off now I don't even want too talk too yhu at awh
awww man i really want to try out for ANTM cycle 18 but im not tall enough when will it be the short models turn again??
Soy Mujer - La India
How is the action?
Had lunch @ the queen vic today. Omg the fish and chips....yum
they gave him a shake weight and Shaq said 'youre supposed to use 2 hands', chuck then smiled and said 'i'm ambidextrous'
A star for Scarlett | Photographers Blog
srry i didnt walk home,it was late so i went to sleep :(
Uh, yo power moves is made everyday by this thorough bitch I'mma get this bank anyway that I do this shit
S/O to my followers still up
"Facebook’s Advice to Marketers: Post Stuff About Your Brand" ha... was that not obvious?
you tell 'em tina!
“: #BoyzAreBack !!! 2morrow” so hyped to y'all back on stage!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Beer-thirty.
advantage of working from home - I'm sitting on my porch with my laptop. :-)
RIP Jonathan Frid. For decades I dreamed of casting him in something. I look forward to his appearnace in Burton's DARK SHADOWS.
RT " : Attention campers: Lunch has been cancelled due to lack of hustle. Deal with it. "
Ian know a angle could b so sexy!
GM cuzzo!!! Love you!
almost the weekend, cant wait to spend time with family and fish
#codemash keynote with as feisty as ever.
That's hard the play music during the game
UPDATE: Sheriff's deputies have found missing 14 yr old Christopher Robinson. They say "he is safe and sound". Working on more details.
Good! Are you going to be on Twitter more often? There's a whole lot of #PJlove going on here.
Take a moment to breath and acknowledge to: Make a plan, do your best, have faith give the rest to God in safe keeping.
#nowsinging "Boyfriend" by to my boyfriend lol
I was at work so I c how u treat me SHADY lol
Cooking Strimp Alfredo for my mom :)
Why oh why is not coming to #DC on his tour? We need his brilliance in this city like NOW.
i just want you to know you will always have my support, forever and always <33 follow me plz
: No, thank you!
I love t
THIS IS THE BEST NEWS EVER! CANT WAIT FOR OUR ADVENTURES! Bring it on Spring Break. dublin - london - amsterdam
watching the game?
Alexander Dale Oen symbolized how sport can bring joy in the darkest of moments for a nation. RIP
see what happens when you take shots all day lol
Run-blocking will be a strength in Cleveland. Good news for Hillis, Hardesty.
I smell
WHY!? -_- It's gonna just be me?
Good morning! Anyone have exciting plans for this weekend?
Thanks for following. Interested in checking out your catalog of artists
The NBA might as well can the season. Nobody will notice.
"set the pussy free."
I won't be eating wings and enjoying beverages while watching basketball today. I'm suffering through my first major cold in 9 years.
New best sandwich ever! 5 spice chicken sandwich at Bonmi over by GWU - serious yum factor!!
We will miss you Susan! Scripps is SO lucky to have you. Enjoy your family! :) it will be weird not getting the news from U
thank your for your [vocal] leadership on #MarriageEquality - we hear you in New York
follow back?(:
#oomf text back too slow. I'm Finna fall asleep on her ass!
Gene Nelson on for Rodriguez and strikes out Sveum to finish the top of the 4th. Brewers lead 5-3!
Time for Olympic snatches! Workin heavy!
Life is good...
New #b&s album was called a grower and so it is. 5 listens in on Grooveshark and it has officially sprouted for me
you have the mvp on your team and you give the ball to chalmers....
JFK to Istanbul - pretty stoked to read on the plane for the 10 hours.
as a Vikings fan you should be well versed in herpes and outbreaks
Watching "Philadelphia 76ers at Boston Celtics" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
yes. You both need to come for a weekend.
I can't wait to see in Portland! Thanks for the best bday present ever!
Terrible about Junior isn't it; couldn't believe it.
We just started doing SA screenings (like, last week) so we're still building up our presence there. It takes some time.
hey are you going to be at Marian today?
luckily my friends were really good about it
You texted me ' happy birthday ' the next day my birthday was actually on ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> fuck you lol
Handing out Dem flyers at Courthouse Metro - great reception!
Root Of Three Community wishes all of the visitors and subscriber a good Easter. Hope you all find your Bunny. Good Wishes.
Dinner not put itself away? Urk.
"He has a degree! We have...We have Oprah!"
Get a free water at LVG Salsa Social this Sunday, come to celebrate Mothers day dancing the best Salsa of DJ La Conga ==>...
Motivate - If the wind will not serve, take to the oars.
'No one ever has to be bored again. That's what mobile does' via #Poynter session 'Developing Mobile Products'
I would love to be at that breakfast.
Wide awake just lying in bed :( boo!
while ur sleeping im working , while ur working im working
2nd week I think. I'll probably fly bc we're going floating and that makes for a long 10.5 hr drive back.
Bravo MT : We sold 22,000 ebooks in our #DayAgainstDRM celebration. Not bad, considering how other pub think they need DRM..
ur a genious. I love that movie!
I just want to take a moment to thank you god
We're headed down south to the lovely city of Carlsbad this week. All business and maybe a little bit of play!
LOL! Something like that!
I've seen someone with a six-pack of Smirnoff Ice at a BYOB before. No lie.
Havning band talk... Quote of the moment: "You have to woo her!!"
We still have availability for Valentine's Day!!!
Neither was mom... this happened shortly after he goosed that lady in the dressing room
Tebow is a good passer AS flan is a good dessert
it's possible ;)
I used to despise coffee. Now I could drink a latte or mocha every day and still not be satisfied.
Bought new hat & 10 min. later got girl's
I miss brother :(
sound like you dodged a bullet - imagine not have a practice session and being live! Heart attack time.
Had a big wknd last wknd! Finished up a production of Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night," AND sang jazzy Silent Night in an annual xmas concert!
Welcome Daniel Casey.
Can't believe it's the #LAInk #SeriesFinale...really gonna miss this guilty pleasure
Haha, he better cause I've been good (;
Secretary Duncan holding his 2nd live Twitter Town Hall today at 5pm ET. Send questions by using
OH SWEET :D Sounds educational ;)
RT : How many badge have you earned at TCC this year? One, two, three or more? Do tell?
You better check yourself before you wreck yourself haha!!!
Hey hey hey, we're all gonna die.
Semen shots?! What the hell?!
Headed to Long Island and NYC. Where to eat? Any suggestions?
Wonderful! Yes, we need to schedule it! Let me know when you are available! Fun!
I'd rather you all hate me for everything I am, than love me for something i'm not. Mike Mizanin(The Miz)
(jen) My project manager is hitting it out of the park with this client! She's really drawing out the story behind his company!
Glad we finally got you all set up! Hope you enjoy the site.
or a windows terminal server environment via 2x client. That is what we do.
Your stomach doesn't look puffy at all
Tonight at 7:30pm LIVE MUSIC. Brazilian Mandolin based trio Rio Con Brio.
In Harrisburg for the Comedy Improv Throwdown
if i'm getting drug tested for a job what's the minimum amount of time i should go without smoking? like a week? i'm skinny and shit so
don't always agree w/ u, but a guy who loves the Sox and the Beatles can't be all bad! Carry on!
#ObamaBedtimeStories Racism & Sexism are gone, no wars to fight, every American is working, & I don't have to wear this flag lapel pin!
lone tweeter
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
Second show tonight with amazing dancers! It's been a great weekend on stage! Gracias a Pilar Andujar la gitana!
guess that's a no
i actually think the trs fanbase has gotten better now that the main peepz have unfollowed the annoying ones!!!
Two minutes into this week's #OTH and already I'm crying. Dang. cc:
#ThingsIDoWhenImDrunk rap the same verse from like 2008 and call it a freestyle lol
wouldn't mind kicking around the ol soccer ball here soon
Same. Been using it for a while now and I really love the "Disable for an hour" feature too.
LOL - Got an iPhone? Turn it into a virtual 'Blackberry' by enabling Airplane Mode. via
Watching on BN9! Always great to see you making sense of the facts for us!
#GameOfThrones is on! I LOVE Sunday's on HBO.
“Houston, Tranquility Base here. The Proposal has landed.”
back from the honeymoon. now to start planning my return to the US and get back to the grind...
Happy p Day.
A girl I use to see hooked me up
oh lol I thought urant u was sad. I know they cut this season so short smh but a lot of shows got cancelled crazy
Kobe I hate u
once you're 65 you'll get to be a senior again, no worries
Someone needs 2 be in #Congress to speak out 4 #PoliticalPrisoners like #Guangcheng. I ask u all to help me be that person
June needs to get here so I can start filming and make some <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
me either :L
idk what are we doing today
I would drive to OM for lunch if there were food trucks out there.
Please manage to eek a bit of vacation in there for yourself. Give mind and body some important refreshment.
French Toast RT : Q8 If you could eat any one item without gaining any weight, what would it be?
I would never want to play a playoff game in Seattle, Minnesota, KC, or Arizona. Baltimore and N.O. get ready for those loud ass fans!
Happy Easter! Wishing Tweeps and Peeps to everyone!
i believe I'm with you next Thursday
#iwannameet my hero, my everything<3 it's been my dream to meet him for the past 4 years!!!
Antonio Conte at #CEN: if EU has a common currency why is market for electronic payments and invoicing still fragmented?
Thanks hunni! You're into MMA? Couture's last fight killed me!! Although it was cool to see a Karate Kid KO :)
is offline on twitter ?
SAG-AFTRA merger -- about time!
haha...it's the gift that keeps on giving!!
Hope we discuss environmental consequences of reuse vs. demolition.
Using to circumvent $40 hotel parking in Gaslamp! Good for my wallet & the environment, anyway...
Thanks for the follow - please keep me apprised of your book once it is published. Robert
I am so ready to start this week i can't wait to get outta that school
im not there but see ya! Lol Chirp
Hockey > football. I honestly cant believe what I just saw. You give me some cleats and I'll at least be able to keep up with you 1v1..
I hope you weren't driving slow in the left lane...
Damn, Chris Carter must have pissed someone off, to get snubbed again. He might only catch TD's, but ain't a Hall of Famer yet!!
I honestly don't know what I'd do without my sister.
I just had the honorable pleasure of meeting and shaking hands with the legendary Jack Jones.
SO FUCKING HOT OUT.
I love my family.......can't no one be there for you like them......love ya
Life is 10 percent what happens to you and 90 percent how you respond.
Hi bye hello pz
I want to go home.
lol I know that was cheesey what I said #ohwell #:)
I posted some comments to a public page. Some of them were sexual, but funny!
Chris Rainey, a kick returner, projected to be a first rounder. I think the Patriots should use one of their firsts to get him. Smart move!
The story of Kirby Larson's grandmother and her studio
Is in shock over all the juicy gossip she just soaked in!
sorry, that's the way our Community is set up. I can email it to you if you'd like. Lost of great videos in there, though!
When will it be appropriate enough for me to offer a green card in return for marriage?
I will but I think I have an idea of what's wrong
hm......what can i do today? guess i will clean house an hang out an be cute like always!!!!
I really want to move out to the bay already.
it's excellent. Without a doubt, $15 well spent.
im following lol
RT: "I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls." Happy Birthday Audrey Hepburn!
its disgusting how much i love you.
Good morning Twitter world, long time no see!
Okok im not prego im just fat. I ate too much my tummy looks like a two month prego
omg.. feeling better than i did yesterday
The Jockey's name make Done Talking the favorite to win the Derby.
Welcome to #C&W Say hi to Angie in your office for me!
If u can't understand context, you can't adapt? Suppose adapt can be a response to change & context shift
did u leave???
stop salty tweets. Cheer up lady
Crowdsourcing requires that the work be desirable to your desired workers, or it won't get done. #crowdsourcing cc
RT : Success will never be a big step in the future, success is a small step taken just now. ~Jonatan Mårtensson
Difficult to say. I think players will have a harder time adjusting to a less-violent game than fans, IMO.
heck ya it is!!! im a native kentuckian too!!
the Dwolla video on BI played for me... I guess when Fred Wilson posts there, they get hit pretty hard
damnit USPS always covers your address with things. What apartment number are you/zip code?
i guess they like that new track xP
your welcome.
I never want to see you unhappy, I thought you'd want the same for me.
I'm terrified of clowns so don't even think of tweeting me a picture of them because if you do oh SOMEONE'S GON' LEARN TODAY!
It's sad that my 5 year old daughter plays guitar on rock band better than i do
It's just as creepy if you make those faces sans make-up and Faygo, dude. Try doing the same thing today, make-up free and see.
peace grits and harmony!!!!!:)))
Did NO one else really see Ovechkin land a huge kiss on Semin's cheek after the PP goal????? Really?!?
absolutely. always up for their killer montecristo sandwich.
I try to tell 'em but they don't know
I'm installing #Kubuntu 11.10 on my #XenServer to see if I like the graphic interface better than Unity.
Aww bestfriend have a fun night bestfriend ! Enjoy it like its your last (x and heck yea where going next year xD
That doesn't satiate my effete liberal inclinations. I'm just going to have to find a copy of Cat Ballou.
An illegal immigrant’s deportation is determined in administrative or removal proceedings, held by the government in accordance with U.S.
omm:/ ppl are rude these days.
Black label and sprite right after wrk con las Chicas de hooters.
Let's go Marquette!!
John Lagustina IPA Drafts just $2 today all day!
no she said she dont wanna hear any music
Those who are faithful know only the trival side of love.
what'up man! How are you?
Where'd all the parking go around our office?!?! How many batmobiles can there be! They're setting up for filming right down the street!
It's Friday, Friday, Friday! Happy
AL THE SPECIAL INFECTED ON LEFT FOR DEAD 2 CAN GO TO FUCKING HELL.
we dont have to twitter front. Everyone knows we went to see The Vow
I have a feeling that that night was going to be a good night, that night was going to be a good good night.
Brain Floss: Contrary to popular belief, people don't chew up and down; they chew side to side just like cows chew!
Really disappointed at how slow iPhone app has been.
Congrats to our friends at on their new store opening tomorrow!
Nigga, pick one girl.
black bears have to work for their food, and they don't have fathers.
Natural chicks is really winning
Thanks so much for the mention!
That would actually increase job placement rates....I think!
RT : I'll be ustreaming Sunday at 3 with info on the contest to perform at Hoot Fest 2012!!! 3:00 pacific time. :)
WOW! THAT'S HOW MUCH I WEIGH!
The #nats medical staff is such a joke
does not want to be a 'wears underwear outside the pants' superhero; but rather a 'wears pajamas all day, every day' ninja!
To save your eyes.
Help us raise awareness for #strokemonth! Change your profile pic to a younger version of yourself on 5/7 and mention
Dang it went back to capitalize lord and that's what happens.
that new female artist look just like #Aaliyah crazy very crazy lol.
Question from today: what is the value in museums enabling visitors/users to communicate with each other? Is there any?
Front Desk Tues: I need to start keeping a wtf? file for the truly weird questions.
cause I says and now call me now
I'd start Gore, CJ2K and Sproles out of the group... Moreno hammy scares me for week 2
thank u nthanks for watching
Thanks!! That's one of my favorite projects and I cant wait until its completed!
This is
Yay! Will do! Why did you decide San Diego?
Several different pick-up times that went out in recent email. just forwarded you the info in case.
I guess you can say the #49ers are playing lights out against the
The only logical thing to do is set up a live feed from the martini office so you can be in on the convo.
come to lolla ya freak!
Let this be a time for your imagination to take flight. May you be inspired to dream big and in the New Year create big!!!! Blessings to You
Cannibal* Blarg!!!! >:P
Fuck that! Not okay with that either. I just get the buffalo chicken or a breakfast sub. Their deli meat at subway does suck
Pizza has never given up on me. I'll fight till the end.
Impressed with the interest in social business at #cbmore, and the expertise in the room.
Plz follow me and my friend I will give u a follow back :)
Glen Davis is working over Roy Hibbert. Outworking and outhustling him on both ends.
You know it! Crunch time in #YBH - have to avenge the fiasco of winning two straight years.
I'm gonna check ebay to see is there are any used. They're so helpful, I can't see anyone giving it up :-(
agree w/ you. they were speaking from student perspective and their campus.
“: We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. -Aristotle #quote”
Check your local grocery store for world famous home made soups!
Season opener...T-12 hours!
listen to kev on all things considered npr dukes country meets dixie today 5 central time 5/1/12 also archive wwno new orleans.
All you Wright Way Master Class followers we are excited for the new year, new cities and new seminars. Please join us in the new year!
I'm so glad that final was made up of concepts we didn't go over this semester.... *grabs bottle*
Tonight is Ladies Night at Tavern Tech Center, Tavern Wash Park and Tavern Littleton! Ladies Drink Free—House Wine, Wells and Domestic...
Please keep my knee in your prayers
10 minutes to #phametour Hillsboro Civic Ctr Auditorium show time - the students are amped and ready!
Why did retweet my tweet -__-
New Sneak Peek is on its way today boys and girls :)
I thought Aranofsky was just rumored, not confirmed.
I don't understand how people can sleep without a blanket.
The birdies woke me up again. Crazy loud. I feel like I'm in the jungle. So many different chirps. Black hole day two... 300+ pages to go.
we want to come visit you at work tonight! Will be there around 10-11!
so toss away stuff you don't need in the end, but keep what's important and knows who's your friend Smile!!
Last day to see the special du Soleil performance @ #drupa hall 8b next one 10:45 Don't miss it!
Get fit with "The best gym in America" and "The healthiest fitness club in America"...EQUINOX! Get exclusive discounts as an MSDT fan!
Early night! I have a
What's happening? ;D
Easiest fucking job in the world and not even "older wiser" people can't do it! I need monkeys I hear they can do it better
Weird watching the Bulls in the Eastern Conf. finals. Last time this happened LeBron James was in diapers. And so was Marv Albert.
Only Chicago will care #Barely RT : Any predictions for the Cubs/White Sox series this weekend? ~
Well, yours could do what mine did and chase something into the water, or if all else fails, just put them into the water.
Hey Alex, did you ever figure out how to get Youtube playlists to display more than 50 results, or to display newest posts first?
DIRT MADE MY LUNCH! Cool huh? What can kids learn from garden time? Math-Literacy- Coordination and that food is FUN!
“A Lifetime of User Engagement: Evolutionary Conceptual Models” M Giles Phillips,
Thanks for the follow!!
“: S/O to my new beautiful follower she should B a model” aw thanks (:
Enjoy the downtime--essential to have some!
So jealous of everyone that's going to the Mint Show tomorrow and I'm leaving on a plane out of LA tonight ugh so not fair! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
True friendship isn't about being there when it's convenient; it's about being there when it's not
RT : #Obama is in Kabul to sign an agreement, broadcast from Afghanistan tonight, addresses gen American sentiment to leave.
The waiting room is empty. Why must you sit across from me and make my life awkward?
Oh damn. Super jealous! I'll have to look for video of the event.
I cannot wait until I live in a world where IE has no market share.
i like that there's now a list for this. "Breakfast tacos should be the official state flower of Texas." = literary gold
Happy Birthday!!!
Your roadie has to be so sick of them.
I miss you, pretty <3
We're getting the booth ready for Find us by the Racing Pigs. We'll have raffle tickets, pull tabs and more!
RT : Correction: It WOULD be awesome! RT : snowmobiling downtown mke might actually be pretty awesome
D'awww. That's gonna go by so quick (x
Is your car stick or automatic? Do you know how to drive #stickshift?
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat. Lol
Beach time!
yes we have, I know ran a contest last month. Will keep you posted. We also have FB page facebook.com/mybonavita
At dentist for my son - all the posters and literature - remind me how lucky I am not to have had any major dental probs. :P
Because I said so!
Good Morning Ari <3 Bo how are you?
Give quarterly performance check-ups to avoid yearly hiccups.
i want to know how to contact jeff's friend joe that looks like criss angel
why thank you boo. I was happy to see you but don't ever sing that Brian McKnight song in public again
lol she's a happy cat right now. she's watching #thevoice with me and
Can't believe I was your "bestfriend for 4 years.
boyy i told u to come and give me my jacket lol
Everything sounds better with an English accent.
wasn't me. I pretty much keep to the coldwater, northrop, wash cent dupont area
fosho bro thank i would appreciate it...this is my email
Damn, when did DeSean Jackson become such a receiving god?
#RelationshipsNowadays are not so much about communication. More about constant communication.
Crazy to let injury concerns keep me from dropping Polanco to pick up Reyes? Have plenty of 2b and 3b depth already
Bin on the Lake is going all out with luncheon tasting -- tasters apply at www.TasteTweet.com
Ladies, If you are interested in being a fashion calender model for 2013, plz send best photos to . 30% payout.
I'm hooked to the draw of grinding a terrible tank to get the cool looking tank past it.
Special Delivery! Life in prison. Special Delivery!
I was fixing your grammar. But use a back-scratcher.
#xfactor drew's voice is great
So what ads do people consider Super Bowl worthy?
This song takes me back :')
Can never have too many different colors! I have experienced that personally! lol!
I know she pissed
All that win was missing was a little Hawk
try selling meat when ur sick...no fun
you only fail if you give up...so get up && come up with a different game plan
it's pretty terrible, maybe one of the worst political ad's, ive ever seen
45 minute wait at security??? Crazy.
next time I will just kick you.
eric go home lol
Today=great. Tomorrow=not so much
Wash Pharmacy Board keeps Plan B/med access rules as is. Tune in to ATC on KUOW today.
You don't have to be such an ass
Ah, cool! Hope you're having a little fun outside of work! :)
When I sneeze, I sneeze 3 in row.
I LOVE YOU<3 (:
thank u! I figured a hip hop connoisseur like yourself could appreciate it :)
lol exactly!! That took some balls man.. That's somebody you offer up your virgin daughter too <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C> lol
wish I could get away for GOAT. I totally would have been the resident librarian. :-)
Mostly been neutral on Hilary Clinton, but I love this quote, "And it’s the trying that’s the most exciting part of the whole journey."
Partnering with for a screening of her award winning #film My Nose & seminar on accomplishing your dreams !
THE TRUTH IS, if I could be with anyone, I'd still choose you.
where ru i know u r stil in the line but close or far
Are you getting older when you begin to like folk music... I do.
Fuck you, France.
How I hesitated/Now I wonder why
I almost said Terriers... but was slightly ashamed. It is a cute little gem of show. (And on Netflix Instant).
Federal bureaucrat designs own bus tracker – Ottawa Citizen ...
A bow for sure! A spear that misses becomes the enemy's weapon used on you! RT Choose your weapon: spear or bow?
well that is not very positive news. Anything I can do?
Wow what a horrible miss Celtics got lucky
Fuck my head hurts...
I can't go 10 months without Harrison from
lmfao. I will not be attending to the beautiful place to Lear we call school.
I'm a true philosopher
you got my fist in your face that's what you got
Congrats, man. Welcome to the fam.
Whoo! Glad to hear! Super Bowl food is hard to resist! Happy Losses RT I made it! Whew!
Great players never act suprised when they foul. -Geno Auriemma
Is he trying out for the reprised Family Matters?
ditto. =p
I wanna meet <33 it will make me happy forever. but its not gonna happin :'( . love you Austinxxx really
Why did Choo swing at the first pitch? Momentum killer. Bailed Santos out.
Aw. Loves his momma.
Heading to Shareable party around 6, wanna meet up? Or is there more monking then?
Life is a constant up hill battle, dont fall down.
RT Paul is Justin Timberlake, and Pete cut off his leg? I don't understand this photo shoot. ()
Haha RT: If I was Samuel L. Jackson, and bored one day, I'd roam the streets yelling lines from Pulp Fiction at everybody
ASK the questions people are afraid to ask...and dont ever be the no that you hear, always make it be from someone else...
#FF Have a wonderful weekend!
wtf.. :/ too many people
Registering domains for an exciting new project!
I sent you one of the field recordings, and also a recent piece I did with a youth orchestra, "Five Levels of the Watershed".
Fine if everyone makes fun of me. See if I care.
Wish I could be there! Much <3
Thanks! We should fix that never having met thing. :-)
maybe it's coincidence, but first California flag football game experience had way more rules than before...
Redskins fans scare me. Which winter classic did u go to?
I just saw this on GMA, and I can't wait til Nov 5th. You will be great inspiration.
Sometimes it is o.O
The father of the handheld mobile phone (Martin Cooper) is our commencement speaker. Who is yours?
Pennies, no; universal health care, yes. I'm imagining Lulu Eighball's perplexed consideration of that conundrum as I type.
Thank you.
: Dear Joseph Kony, I'm Gonna help Make you FAMOUS!!!! We will stop YOU #StopKONY ! All of my followers RT NOW!!! Pls!
Earth Day is Sunday! The Carlton is planting trees for every guest room occupied that day. Book now to have a tree planted in your honor!
Love You
remember that one time you used twitter?
so many competing ideas you have to assertively claim it .
right!? and i probably would have too...
yummy pic... in hose now daily also.. ordered by Mistress Susan
A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it. - William Feather
Gametime! Let's go, Pats!
Ugh. I know that feeling. But if anyone is up for the challenge, it is you!
hey Tracy, any big reason I have been on 167N from Kent to 405 for an hour? Gotta get to Redmond still :-(
In answer to your question, I would just say that I don't think teaching was a revered profession to begin with, alas.
David, let us all know more on this...I'm interested!
This horrible thing I must do. I no longer have a choice. It almost shames me. Making a work Facebook acct :/
who likes naughty pig tail girls dressed up in Catholic style short skirts? Some like it kinky and HOT, like ME
your beautiful dear absurdly beautiful
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 68
A bunch of wasted opportunities for Vancouver.
Is that a new business? Congrats/good luck/mazel tov!
Unacceptable Behaviors: suggestive or obscene letters, notes, invitations or email received at work or at home
you have a fb message!
shut up!
"Dreamt" is the only English word that ends in the letters "mt"
Halfway through a 4-hour train ride from Westport to Annapolis.
I swear I feel like I'm on the set off doctor phil. This girl has been bitching about her best friend and boyfriend for ten min.
That's a very good point. They'll take that tradeoff every single time.
Thx! Agreed for all of them! RT Rosa looks great w/her MODA clothes!
It's been a long time since I rented a movie since I watch all the movies on Satellite TV.
I thought I was following you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Prepping Baked Mediterranean Shrimp from "EarthBound Cook" for dinner tonight. Author: Publisher: Excited!
Do you do paid tweets? email me
u guys really love each other! So awesome, it was so cool seeing how much ur big sister cares about u when we met--Rico
There was nothing in the world that I ever wanted more... to never feel the breaking apart...My pictures of you - Robert Smith
What are the funding resources for public charter schools?
#kids Mesquite Meander at Mesquite Cemetery, Sat, May 19 6:30p: Historic Mesquite, Inc. and the Mesquite Community Theater are presenting...
what's good fam hit me up when u can so we can talk some biz
You've been waiting all year to pull this one out, haven't you? RT : Needed Tori Gurley to block it.
It's uncanny how some people's names match their passions or occupations, like the director of the new Spiderman movie.
That last RT fits her so f'cken perfectly :|
oh yeah and :-) awesome people of God with incredible music.
Watching Persons Unknown.
Drayton Florence was due $4.0 million in base salary in 2012.
I feel that they are terribly under appreciated in the US despite being so good and I'm glad you gave in to my nagging! :)
Movement is not always progress...sometimes we go the fastest by slowing down
Yeah but not alot of girls tryout
wish I could I party with u
And I just hit 7K tweets. How exciting.
this man is watching his 3-5 yr old daughter roll around on the floor with a skirt on...
your just voicing your biased opinion. LOL
How about we stave off some arctic temperatures with overt racism, and a dose of
18th century doctor puppets screaming in the basement. Power drills and jamz upstairs.
Miss you :(
do I need to make reservations for the Summer Concert Series if its only me, but I want to be close?!?!
Dope video to compliment a Dope song. U should run with that "Bodied" at the beginning. It could be your signature.
Black Friday and Cyber Monday leave you wondering where the weekend went to? At least you can save time on your papers...
Saw you quoted in the NYT today, Pretty impressive! Good article, too.
Love the pictures! Thanks!
i might have to cash out this weekend
those commenters...there is a worldview there that I am not even close to understanding
Puck singing mean just made me jiz myself.
Congratulations CM
MLB has What does the NFL have?
special thank you to for speaking on The Reality of Revisions at our general meeting today!
epic!!!! That's awesome!
the picture just sent me could be mistakin for 8 pound 6 ounce baby Jesus
Hell yeah I would cry if my mom or dad died. Idgaf I love them.
I did what makes you beautiful for my unearth a poem! My teacher is gonna think I am crazzy!
Santa is at today! Stop by before 5:00! Bring you camera & no reservation required!!
I want to do a collaboration with someone rapping and me singing :)
Dang that's they both did good! It's gonna be a hard
We LOVE Marina & the Diamonds!
I know you're not talkin !
Lol story of my life. RT: what to do today
I'm doing it again tonight but switching up some locations :) what are you doing tonight?
I'm tired of the post-racial/Colorblind Jedi Mind Tricks....Now that's crazy.
RT The Main Street Approach is adaptable. I like how our Canadian friends have modified it & use it.
#threewordstoliveby that was close!
The BOGO from expires today. Just like their facebook page and get the second meal on Curley! In #Bethesda on Bethesda Row...
Paranoid now .. I really havent been this scared in a LONG time .. I may go sleep on the bathroom floor ..
just sing your heart out!
Sudden Death OT
Thanks! We're pretty psyched. If you have any thoughts/feedback make sure to holler our way; would love to know what you think.
Fashion Show Celebrating Girls with Social, Cognitive, Sensory, and Physical Challenges-- April 21st, More info here......
ALRIGHT!! Packers vs. Steelers in Super Bowl. Is it impossible for Green Bay to win... Sure looks like it...
I'm in the mood to build a fort.
Thanks everyone who joined us for #21CRadio tweet chat! Don't forget to reply to if you want tix!
RT : Because we pay non-innovative cos that do nothing for the ecosystem besides rent buildings to relocate here./
JUST ANNOUNCED: at Tuesday, June 12th!
FYI: Just 15 minutes of exercise a day extends your life & lowers your risk of cancer | ti.me/nLVa4a
happy world aids day twitter
#BradPaisley on #SouthPark tonight! Of course, he's best singing #HuckFinnBlues on our CD!
MAX5352BCUA+ , using the best dac at best price for your system, check www.synpur.com
the drug cartel angle is very interesting.
When you face adversity and you're knocked down. You must keep fighting and get back up. And that's what I'll keep doing!!!!!
Hello peep! :)
Im mad at u friend
Thank you for following me!!! =)
i didnt know you took my clothes home you whore !
Benoit has as amazing sense of humor, you can poke him. He'll just laugh, trust me ;)
Thinking about buying a Polaroid.
No Internet? How are you surviving? (Or maybe I'm the only addicted one...) Haven't gotten MTO yet, maybe once I get home.
Stephen Curry is injured again
Works good for me see you soon
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 28 End Of 4th #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
fuck that kicking meter
Business plans all over the place. What does Milwaukee need?
#CUAEF Media Sponsors: We are always looking for others!
Godfather to my niece today.. Michael Corleone style
I know. That store evokes my wistful-materialistic side. And makes my other clothing jealous.
TKOCAPONE keep it up! what's doing for 2012??
Day off round 2: what should I do today?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
The thought of And friend ship being miles and hours apart makes me very sad!
lol to funny
hearts #ievobio - have fun everyone.
cranks and wanks hit -----! Boat trailer
I walk past a huge screen of headlines every day at work. And the typos pain me. Yesterday: "Popal visit." Today: "Parent's of slain teen."
D.C. meeting tonight. Who's going?
IM up.. but I may go back to bed...
What an awesome Saturday so far--Coffee and DVR!
I loved Drogba's rock star kicks after the goal. It makes me smile.
am considering all options. Questions deserve answers. And answers deserve questions. Leadership for one and all.
sweet! For sure we will b there. It will b good to see you.
I wonder when Dragon Quest VI DS will be coming out? Probably after the DQIX storm passes
Body Electric on Melrose !!! Tell Mike G that Poundcake sent you in!!!
It's still Animal Extravaganza! This weekend Hoosier Ladies Aside demonstrate sidesaddle horseback riding at 12 & 2 in
“: you've never had.... Where you from..?” east oakland California
won both games!! great job girls!!
ball on a string. love it.
There's a new grunter at my gym. And the worst part is that he grunts his rep count.
Had a similar thought in Austin today. I really should appreciate the greek system more for keeping them so busy during the semester
Asked myself today: can u eat 2many carrots? Then remembered a childhood story of a kid who did & turned orange.
that's stupid! im not a belieber so you you dont gotta worry about me lol
drink. drank. drunk.
Eat clean people want the real food deal. Easy to read labels, see through packaging, or no packaging at all and 5 or fewer ingredients.
talk bad about the a-town i'll buss u in yo fuckin mouth
But But But I thought you were watching
TRU tonight w/ The Funhouse crew. I'll be on the decks at midnight
yeah that's true... That's good u had fun.... How's life and how's ur mom been?
No access to this content
man fam these niggaz need to wake up its fucked up
“: "Let's go Chipper" chant in Coors Field is awesome!”
RT Oh Monday, you suck like a cheap hooker
Lezbi honest, one of us has to be the pretty rocket..
well we look forward to your return
Time for a change PV?
Something made greater by ourselves and in turn that makes us greater. Maya Angelou
if it's not too late and you feel ambitious I have some outdoor furniture cushions that could benefit from my patio covering.
What's your recommendation for a Mex restaurant in South #omaha ? Making weekend plans!
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him
ok! He was the one I mentioned at lunch. :-)
Everybody will get a bailout, just wait
I'm getting my white Boise site players who no one knows confused
Wow must have been bored 3rd period he blew my phone up with tweets!
“: I got a secret crush on you ;)” weird, I have one on you too. :) <3 hahaha. <U+E056>
Bledsoe showed lack of clutch gene. So did Gay.
how to tell a man from a boy: a man owns up to his responsibilities. a boy doesn't realize he has them.
Thanks so much for retweeting about ! So excited for it again this year.
If the O's can win tonight they'll be on their way to a successful road trip. Not looking forward to the West Coast start times though...
we love Ferdinand too!
Looking forward to your pics.
most favorite show of all time, and I watch a lot of tv. Hoping the new episodes keep comin, will there be another season?
its about to go down. dollar tacos and horchata
Ctfu.! I'm dying right now..that shit was funny.. her toes be all crusty lol
rich people who eat at those restaurants just try to show off their money
Toots was fantastic tonight - great to see.
Ahahha nigga fell asleep on dem meds again aahaha "can't hang"
Lolol. It's with a K! WHO ARE ALL THESE PEOPLE.
Hi everybody!:)<3
hey could you email me at so that I can troubleshoot your problem with TapTyping?
I never thought I would be so excited about a (library) management class but the professor and the readings have already got me pumped!
the #Phillies ballpark is such a joke
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
292 oz. of tomatoes, 122 oz. of beans, 12 lbs. of meat, and chocolate. The chili title wave is coming. I'll be waving.
#thingsthatshouldbebanned YOUR FACE
And a good day it has been. RT : Just when I'm about to lose faith in humanity, Derrick plays some Tool. It will be a good day.
TR Mentors, catch up with mentees at monthly meetings. Next meeting: April 4th, 7pm at 3708 W Roosevelt
If you live to be 100, I hope I live to be 100 minus 1 day, so I never have to live without you.
well got 2 get started on this paper even tho i dont want 2 do it :|P
you guys are so close too 100,000! :)
Come out @ SLU in Hammond tonight, playing #jazz concert with student bands. We'll be singing a song they learned in 6 minutes today!
fina call on these damn applications
I just don't get the ubiquity of political lawn signs. I'm not going to vote for you based on how many times I see your name stuck in grass.
Romney to say in Milwaukee tonight that Obama is out of touch, "surrounded by an adoring staff of true believers"
hey i love ur hair ... k
We look up for inspiration, down for desperation, right and left for information
damn girl, looking god ;)
oh wee.
Thank you for the RT Westlock Library!
Hoppy Easter and Happy 2nd day of Passover to the respective tweeps... ;)
< She doesn't own a dress. Her hair is always a mess. Catch her steal, and she won't confess. She's beautiful.
Never believe my weed tweets.
oh no! I know the feeling, though. :( there should be 360 Being Foreign On A Train just to keep all the <U+3042><U+3053><U+304C><U+308C> in fair balance.
how did you get tickets!!!! Y'all must have been some fast clickers!!!!
#ImTHATnigga who dont give a fuck but if u fuck with me imma go african on ur ass
“: Now following! ” thanks for the shout out! Look forward to your tweets!
same here.. definitely busy!
Nice meeting you Miles! I found ya all right!
Not counting Souplantation....
It was a great Monday. It went by quick!
Early reaction of a #sxsw meeting broadcast message years ago reminded Stone of flock of birds flying together as one
good morning Terita :)
I wana be booty ass naked with my lover right now!!
Pierce in for Pietrus. Can't believe I'm saying this, but that will hurt
Two words...Maturity levels.
haha i love your humbleness oh and those darn cats! ;p
Thursday, I got you!! WAIT SIKE you guys are leaving</3 You're a senior, right?
thanks for the follow. I like that you use your tweets to interact with prospects. Great job.
Last night in Nashville, the Ravis is out to play
INDEED, a very clear article, thank you for that! we think it's disappointing didn't allow it to post
my leg getting a lil swole ugh :/
Who has tickets to our first performance of #AFT this Monday?
give him back his turtle u stupid cunt idk if u hav a pet but if some1took it&wudnt give it back how would u feel
Omg yes it smells like chlorine outside of the school & it reminds me of
Playing at the Freakin' Frog TONIGHT in Vegas!
lol #rude #hookups, omfg thats what they're called?! Oh btw got any promos going on?
Miami, FL- need females for body parts modeling (feet). No nudity. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code B3) "NO TATOOS ON FEET"
Be safe Sheriff.
lust. want. not fair they pull out all of the stops
Maybe you never should have domesticated your peeves.
"Shit [blanks] say" should already be left in 2012
Where is ? #GOPdebate. The media acts like he doesn't exist!
So happy I'm off today so I can spend time with Mason, our new dog.
O taste and see that the LORD is good: blessed is the man that trusteth in him. Psalm 34:8
I'm really looking for an excuse to order Bazbeaux pizza tonight. Someone come over and join me!
Truth is.. I'm homophobic.
Maybe for the $$ & the power & The fame right now she will
I'm Wayy To Gone WTF Am I Doing
I'll take a dozen please !
S/o for the follow. All about the music
Fellow Indy arts supporters, we need your attendance at tonight's Parks & Rec meeting. 5 p.m. CCB Room 260.
Teaching Sound Design today. Talked Dynamic Effects. Which do you use and why? Compressor, Limiter, etc...
Good Look 4 da follow bro
The guy puking outside my metro stop at 8:30am reminded me of my time in Liverpool - seeing a scouser do the same on Easter sunday morning!
haha thanks just me n my mom live there;D
My parents are saying how ugly tattoos look, pretty sure they're throwing it at me!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
The reason I like dead things best? They don't fuck with you.
RG3 will be here on June 2nd for autographs, but.....$100 for signings....an extra $6.50 for authentication tickets. Smh.
gorgeous picture.
All these commentators do it talk shit about the Pacers...
Still full from the amazing 6 course dinner we had a last night. How was your Valentines Day?
Bruesewitz with a 3??? Where have you been all my life? Love it.
Richard Simmons fuck it life
im just jokin
#askbieber will you ever notice me on Twitter!!
“: Once upon a time rappers told stories in rhymes, now they lie in every song, telling stories in rhymes...”
Ah thanks. I am still in the process of growing out my hair. It's the Year of the Dragon; let's be bold!
Feels good hooping at del mar now chill mode until work at 7 life goes on
Party city queen Sharon needles better win.
And so he should remain as coach at Centralia. It's sad when kids can step up and try to get a coach fired.
Wise and mature people learn to maintain their integrity by virtue of respecting themselves!
Phones are in working order today . . . copier/printer, not so much . . . 257-0006 if you got issues . .. and who doesn't!
Jennifer Lawrence The Queen Of Derp :)
I need a new best friend... maybe a hairdresser or a drug dealer, either or!
fiend lol I'm sorry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
I love you ! I can't wait to see you on tour this summer!
I do the very best I know how - the very best I can; and I mean to keep on doing so until the end. -Abraham Lincoln
Today I'm #grateful my cat didn't go far- (windy night, door blew open, discovered cat missing at 2am!) she's home now :-)
Don't tell me the sky's the limit when I know there are footprints on the moon -Paul Brandt Via #HonestKids juice box.
love u!
at the time i was pissed. we got cutch and he was just a young pup, and I was like wtf! now im kinda glad we have him haha.
Ok, that was hilarious! RT : never, ever eat hot wings while pregnant. Just saying.
If You're Driving Down The Road of Success....Dont Take Your Eyes OFF The Road To Look At The Scenery, You Might Just Miss Your Exit!
Just woke myself up from a scary ass dream where someone was trying to kill me.
Stand behind his hair. Worked for me. RT Trying to tweet during the tonight show without Jay noticing...
No God? No Peace? Know God. Know Peace.
The wind is like the air, only pushier.
94w just opened up.
It's been an adventure as usual Bolivar..Bk to Nashville I go! I miss home and its only been a day or two lol
LMFAO. wait really? just legit pissed my pants. ohh eleventh graders..
We can skip the rest of the NFL season and start next year already!
Thanks for the mention guys... I haven't had Internet for a month...be bk on next week..I need to catch up.
damn girl.. did you really just go there?
What a successful Little Weapons Team Meeting! We are excited for what's to come!
#SportingKC are hosting a friendly on August 1 against Stoke City. Tickets on sale next Wednesday.
Go get 'em! After a while, I stopped hating it and started loving it.
What are you doing tonight to prepare for tomorrow's job search?
Saw the coolest fossil seashell yesterday - about 2 1/2 feet long.
Can I not spell? -________-
Setting up the prints we're donating to , 's big event in the fall. Kickoff event Thursday
It is way too early for karaoke
Lets just get it out it the open D-rose is not necessarily "too big" he's actual kinda an average sized pg, if not smaller
thinks its funny that profs are wondering why grad students are doing their assigned reading right now. Comps on 4/2.
The fact remains that you look up to this scumbag. An entire generation of clueless kids. Stand up for what's right.
That sad uneasy feeling you get when you spend enough time with someone you only knew peripherally to surmise they're crazy or brain damaged
Watching Great show tonight.
says uniqueness of this era of data explosion is democratizing creation process. Makes search and filtering most imp.
yo is it a public league or private?
awww..bless your heart.“: On my 6th BDay, my Dad tells me he thinks Mr Rogers is gay. When this makes me sad he
I'm like so ready for a committed relationship but it's not looking good.
Forget Florida; I guess we are just the #Miami Marlins now. At least we still have the
Thanks! RT :hi!! :D i got the vinyl in my hands! it`s soo beautiful :D thanks so much, kurt! :D PS: the vinyl is green and blue!
The #Royals have diagnosed Sanchez with "Bicep Tendinitis." All this time I thought it was his ability as a pitcher. Phew.
Don't be the 1st to know & the last to act. Timing is everything! Get moving! If u don't get started, u cant get finished! ~
Love the energy early. Don't love the no Shawn Thornton today.
A full Saturday with 10 hours of easy overtime, followed by a psychedelic rock concert :-)
Morning from Chicago. We are supposed to have nice weather today!!!!
SikanderN Spot on, always happens to me #probablycuzwereasians And I'm getting PS3 tomoz! :D Pretty excited but no fucking game to play :L
I just dried it and it's actually not as bad as I thought boo :)
What else is in that set?
Aaahhh is too sexy to turn 30 #sexy&twisted
I'm bout to be a private male dancers for fat bitches
Boo. Donald & Peta got robbed. Only one 10?! They totally deserved a 30!!
oh and the girl tuened into a werewolf :D told u!!
Officially in love with 's tweets<3
Watch for our upcoming 90% off offer.
My kuzzo swear out he don't like future , but from your tweets IDKKK lol
OMG I just peeped my girl Angel from K is for Kinky & she did a PHENOMENAL job (while sicky!) on her Khols shoot! Proud of her!
Mery Christmas Everyone! seems even more special because of Landri! she is the best baby ever! Enjoy your time with your families! Jo-Wayne
Any time!
Find what scares you and tell that bitch who's boss. Wear your fears like armor so no one can use them as weapons.
with the hat to match! #notorious is on.
“: Best mistake of my life.”
Construction vehicles outside my office window - I think I enjoy watching them as much as my kids do.
so fucking annoyed its not even funny anymore
$30 to Steamers Seafood Cafes goes to...
the WHO defines "adolescence" as beginning at 10 years of age. #CPD2012 text wants 10 year olds to have "reproductive rights"
I'm in the Tribune Tower, but here is where my GPS says I am! Wowsa!
Potentially $40k for filing fees??...Patently-O: Reviewing New USPTO Post Grant Review System with Reference to EPO Oppositions.
Sadly I got the memo too late. Going need a rain jacket or umbrella for sure!
ARTIST you need that real social media marketing plan, contact me now. I got 2 open slots for next week. contact
Rummaging #1: for : Kenzie angora/cotton cowl neck (slim fit) sweater, Helmet Lang shorts, electric blue Escada skirt
that is a wonderful present indeed!
damn nice man! Keep up the good work looking good! Are you training at all or just lifting?
“: #Knicks I used on airplane southwest air wifi go Knicks.
Don't evLIN go there!
who ? Call me ! Or something aha long time no talk
Sounds great!
aired son
Ctfu my mother hair look like my aunt dog hair
It's weird to be at the DC Convention Center & be surrounded by kids instead of librarians.
RT : “I teach high school math. I sell a product to a market that doesn’t want it, but is forced by law to buy it.” — Dan Meyer
Im glad that I have a girl that hasn't been ran threw multiple times!
It's 1pm and I've already walked 6 miles in this sunny day in Baltimore.
Library Skills workshop sponsored by INLP: "Academic Research & Resources," Mar. 20, 11-12, Zim. 254. All are welcome!
Dear , as you should be. Also, be prepared to have a long strew of freshmen dying to have you in class. I've taught them well.
Being sober on a bus is, like, totally different than being drunk on a bus.
Very nice Voice!
Do not send me your span again, this is my only warning.
this real talk.
hit me up at facebook...kayaks will be in...
Love this, thank you for sharing.
Keep it up Governor!!
#gwu, good luck on your finals today! Come in for some brain food, we're always willing to help
I'm watching five minutes of #idol to remind myself why I don't watch it anymore.
For it is by this that what has been lost, and was found, is saved from being lost again
Proverbs 15:32 If you reject discipline, you only harm yourself; but if you listen to correction, you grow in understanding.
“It takes a long time to grow young” ~ Pablo Picasso
Any special events planned tonight for ?
RT : Our full menu is now up on our page. Please check it out when you have a minute, and then come in and TRY it out!......
Thanks for tweeting and posting my video!
She hella juss got her ass beat
Hope your week was great! RT : #FF love to
I am so glad I didn't go to choir tonight. Almost-puking all last night aside, I don't think I could deal with the screeching sopranos.
A customer is the most significant visitor on our premises, he is not dependent on us. We are dependent on him.
Reggae show/party in BK with & the legendary Claudette Lovejoy!!
I love it when you talk dirty to me.
Having a great time building an influence dashboard - I should adopt my nickname of 'The Data Poet'
I just preordered my ticket to LA which means I'm officially going.
Every day is Ficelle day! We'll be at Metro Center on Wednesday this week. Stay hungry my friends!
like the dessert? ..no thanks
If you managed to work instagram, you probably weren't that drunk.
tawni had a baby?!? ;D
Check out our client and friend Heather in Wedding Day magazine! Hair, makeup and nails by French Pharmacie. Such a wonderful love story.
Crazy allergies, maybe I really am allergic to you, kitty friends.
I can think of other things I'd rather watch. :)
it seems so far. So stick to the fight when you're hardest hit, its when things seem worse that you must not quit." - Unknown
The Heat fans are definitely heading to the Marlins game now.
I always wondered how TW was able to win like he did with his off course life such a (fill in the blank).
Thanks for the follow! I keep wanting to give you a slogan "bobzane in the membrane" but I'm sure you've thought about that!
very little
'Five or less': The number of tweets between the first tweet about a celebrity death and the first snarky 'too soon' quip.
And the rain continues... Don't feel like cooking? Come by for some brisket or pulled pork.
hi Justin I luv u so much
i miss the old twitter... where on fridays the #1 TT was
/ Hey... Thanks much for the +K! Appreciate it.
Seriously Jared Leto is NOT even that cute. What's the fascination??
I like your blog, you have alot to offer to people keep blogging!
Cue Semisonic. RT : The drunk procession to Penn Station at 1:30am is the saddest drunk procession of all.
ive been waiting all week to tweet that!
awww thank u! U jus made my day start off good :)
Actually, I didn't realize it until I got it! Whoa.
Thanks man.
Thanks ! It was great seeing you and Karol last night!
Earlier I saw my dad flip out on my brother cuz he called him gay!!! It was a scary moment!!! And for those who saw where scared too!!!
me too Hahaha
I meant that as a joke since "rebound" is the key to both games!! Ha! ;)
I come visit soon. I promise. Maybe Thursday after work? I gotta do some Christmas shopping though lol like really bad.
At the age of 7 I think she has tested out of any Personal Financial Literacy class in her future!
thank you
Crazy NIght At School Some People Are Just Ridiculous!!!
Love the music you love. It exists for a reason...to make you feel connected to something bigger. :)
what point??
Celebrate Fat Tuesday & big savings at the gift idea shoppe! Find fun & festive mardi gras gift ideas now 20% OFF!
My God I love this city so much.
I thought the Ashton Kutcher Jobs biopic was the one they were looking at Sorkin to write. Didn't know there were 2 separate projects.
no i dont please tell me
#ICantDateSomeoneThat doesn't make me laugh. Sense of humor is one of the most important qualities.
will race in the Slinger Nationals on July 1. If I'm correct, it's his first competitive race in Wis. in two years.
Showing my photos "Faces of Harlem." Opening 10-10, 2-4. Up through December: African American Museum 110 N. Franklin Street Hempstead, NY
hey please tell all of your listeners to follow both twitter page and Facebook.com/lacedfacts page
golden coral? Chocolate fountain all day every day
a new girl!
I love your youtube channel! Haha :)
Caught the broadcast, you ladies rocked the interview! Can't wait till Friday!
Otherwise jaded audience gasps at World Lens app.
ugh. I suck. Hahah. Well, we've made it this far. We can finish...strong?
Game of Thrones Book 2 is even better than Book 1. I highly recommend the series.
i want to literally stab you in the face.
Very nice. 65 and sunny in February.
Two brightest dinoflagellate bio bays in Caribbean are in Puerto Rico: Vieques Island and Laguna Grande. Stunning!
At work? Leave early.
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school. ~Albert Einstein
I actually enjoy your gleeful bbq tweets.I see a lot of anti-veggie stuff here:"Oh, aren't they a tiresome, joyless bunch," etc.
we agree! There's always something to be
. Someone will have to try and stop me from running every day. :)
No, , I am not influential about viagra. And… really?
Okay don't mess with anything. I'm gonna be there at 7. We will setup when I get there
donut juice! :]
And finally, I wanna eat peanut butter and fluff sandwiches with and jump around on her trampoline acting like 5 year olds
Lmao! told John Laurinitis to go puck himself. *claps*
So sleepy.
Howdy Nevin. Have not seen you since that film we work on in the mountains in Pasadena. What's been up?
Will do, thanks for the updates! Make sure to keep us in mind for anyone who has any wood bat needs!
nope that's Tuesday :)
:D so exciting! Congrads!!! :)
A true friend knows that a friendship is not a true friendship until after u have had an argument and gotten over it.
Thanks for the #FF :-)
Pittsburgh ladies: Visiting your fair city for the 1st time next month. Where to shop & eat? thx
Investigator of pedophilia in the Catholic Church found with child porn. Last seen driving a car with an I <U+2665> Penn State bumper sticker.
thanks man! ill be posting a few more songs next week and i plan on dropping an album on beatport in late april!
You can tell if my breath stinks if I talk to you at a 90 Degree angle! XD
thanks for following!
Niggas wit blue eyes
Oh, wow. WOW... Remarkable. Thanks for sharing! Off to put on Max Roach's 'Speak, Brother, Speak!' now...
this is funny cuz my name is Gelson too..hahha..
": Why is this lesbian Muslim on my TL ?"Fuck u cunt bitch nigga hoe slut!!
Folks: If you're coming to the Hudson Today, Get There Early!! It's gonna be packed!!!!! Go Ravens!!!!!!!!!
"There comes a time in every man's life when he gets the simple urge to hoist the Jolly Roger and begin slitting throats."
“: ready to get loose tonight!!” you guys rock!
is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT FANS!
A few sprinkles tonite wont keep us at home, will be off da hook! Wanna get 1/2 cover? facebook.com/wild_thursdays 4 deetz!
thank you!!!!
#dc120 I heard Woodward tell this anecdote and it just didn't jibe with my experience with students. Must be effect of
The last time I saw ATT park this crowded was 2011 Opening Weekend
We will have something rocking this week for the prelim stages. Been doing extensive research (glug glug)
#3moredays left of school :)
I'm wondering who that is but I'm afraid to ask...
thanks for an amazing season. Counting down the days till next seas.
His official web page includes this twitter profile...its real
Skip bayless just killed joe budden
Just went on a classics shopping spree for kindle on my iPhone. It's the best kind of shopping spree because it's all free.
"i don't get it""maybe you should pay attention more""maybe you cant teach"
Cute guys waiting the elevator.. Lol..
Omfg that fucking icecream truck always comes down my road now.
Finding a new song you really like >
Word up Im have to stop thru next time Im in the A
The T&I conv. promotes strategic discussions & aids in the develp. of a #multimodal #transportation #policy @ local, state & national level.
omg i live on the border of plano and richardson lol! garland, plano, and richardson r lik one town!
The best relationship is when we can act like lovers but also like best friends.
6 and 1! Niner fans are pleased as punch.
The more we r afflicted n this world,the greater is assurance in the next;the more sorrow in the present,the greater will b r joy infuture.
wanna ride for free all season? follow for
Seriously need to invest in some waterproof mascara ASAP cause I'm crying like a baby <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
Thank you Loved the podcast, best business podcast in the Internet. Not sure where I will turn. You will be missed.
Oh Man! Here we go again! ; \)
This should say "Money & a future". lol
LOL! Yup, brown... it's the newest thing in gothdom
#SimpsonSaturday Simpsonizers Can't Wait For Paradise
You're both so cute in your glasses!
Thanks to those who attended my Webinar: Creating a Flexible Feeding Environment.
Almost ready for the big tailgate tomorrow. Thanks mother nature for cooperating for another year!
Monday it's time once again to kick the tires and light the fires! 3rd time in a row on LA!
Even if you be yourself nowadays someone will always hate you.
#mlanet12 is right, the actual poster is not available yet, but abstract is under Sessions-Poster in online planner
lmao i just noticed that!! PLEASE PEOPLE DONT FEED WILD ANIMALS!!!!
Punting (by you) is no longer allowed.
Nights like this when the thinking doesn't stop.
The only reason I'm watching #NCSI is to see dear do her thing
ha! Lemme think, but 2days 'flinstone disco pouch' was pretty funny:)
Excited for today. Seeing a lot of my girls I haven't seen since school was out and hanging with the fam! :)
I'd have to agree! RT Len Burman is the man!!
poor pups! Puppy mills are the DEVIL!
about 1 month ago at 9:02pm I asked u out u said yes and now we are1month into this thang lets make it through the ups and Dow
wine is the answer, not the problem.
Interviewed breakout guard Tyler Thalken of DU Pios and he credits open shots and effective offensive systems for his 19 points on Jan. 20
I was singing that song in my head.."It's so cold in that D" LOL
That argument is the same as saying a convicted killer's innocent until his appeal fails.
Thank you <3
yessir! Looking forward to meeting my co-lead!
I like public speaking because I like to take a stand for what I believe in...reference it back to history or science and I'm a happy girl.
omg i wanna watch
Ugh, tell me about it. j.hk, fly, j.jk again was pretty much all I could do. :/
- tonite is the night!!! We are so very excited about the VIP event at ur Msn Vly location. Let the fun begin now :)
LABC: Gaia's Ryan McEvoy sez builders wary of rapidly changing subsidies for solar that make it hard to get financing, planning lined up.
Eh, everyone loves Josh. Whether they want to admit it or not.
Achievement Unlocked: Drink 5-Shot Venti Americano w/ half gallon of novacaine in my face w/o drooling.
Gonna let go no matter how much its gonna hurt.
“One of the marvels of the world is a soul in prison with the key in its hand covered with dust.” ~ Rumi
NEW Name , NEW Bio , NEW Avi !
: we love your music - please tweet back
oh snaps! it's PK! Paul Kim~~
Books are my drug of choice.
Fun fun fun! I've had nothing but perfect weather the last 3 years, fingers crossed!
I freaking love you. That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you. site is on my profile. :)
"All conversations should lead back to your website." - Fitts
Ooh. Death by tile cutter!
Beautiful - congrats on her graduation!
how much more english are u speaking these days it's hard to really know with u
i don't practice Santeria, i ain't got no crystal ball.
Rust Wire is taking a week off publishing while its editor nurses a broken wrist. Stay tuned!
Thanks for the RT!
she never EVER talks about her personal life, so that's y.
Seventh Heaven: Rangers Oust Capitals Big Game Brad does it again. Photo Credit: Getty Images
...to both their academic and non-academic communities -- both local and global.
Ohio merging mental health, drug abuse agencies
the first, the beginning, the one and only. but not for long. build you a crew my dear and let us wage war on war together
I'll be in Seattle too, I just may come out for that!
I don't like foreign rap.. if I can't understand, I don't want to hear it.
Omgsh that was the bombest Volcano Tea I've ever been to. Their popcorn chicken and fries ugh. Now on our way to Domino's!
I am for the complete and immediate abolition of all nuclear weapons.
Happy Happy Birthday !!!
"Close to the center of the largest grinding gear Things we knew, we know 'cause we stayed near You were my love for all of my best years"
RT Walked into and Milton Nascimento is here hanging! #surprise He'll be playing tmrw // that is awesome!!
not yet, but you guys got a nice shoutout about your Pinterest activity in the
Hey ABQ Fans! Checkout Jazzbah, for all you jazz lovers it's a hot spot!
Explosions rock Tripoli as fighting intensifies.
played mario party 8 with mom :) so funnay
The workouts are hard. Fun. But Hard. The change is hard. Learn how we can help you transform your body and change your life!!
Late night watching of Skins. It's a naughty, naughty show.
Welp my 7 hour energy has worn off, only 1hr and 40min after i drank it öZZzzzz
define "classy"
the cocktail is necessary dear, necessary.
QUICK tweet me your favorite food and I'll retweet the one I like best
as if you ever were??
Nashville- we've got a pair of tix for the show at Mercy on 5/1. Send us a tweet and they could be yours!
Hangover 3 starring myself
In bed right now, rolling around, thinking dirty thoughts and wishing i was high
The Moore Space is in Miami Design District
Headed to the studio to work on the new album
Why did the Panthers just acquire a running back from the Browns who only played in 3 games last yr? Stewart and Williams have RB on lock.
We need to talk...because my staff and I can't find a decent NYE event. :-)
Falk! Terrified to think about what Barrett will do to #publiced in #Wisconsin!!
*slaps face and shakes head* your a bulls FAN! bo go Celtics!!!!
PURPLE NINJAS !!! :)
Maybe today is … #Thwordsday?
Support #SFGiants push to the Playoffs in style. Free shipping on SF > LA shirts until end of homestand against Dodgers www.WeBeGreater.com
more likely: podiatrist
we havent talked in awhile so how u been?
Rocking the Florida Venture Forum today in Orlando!
Not to reduce the argument too much but that's how diversity gets thrown on POC's plate
three of my favorite things: bacon, chocolate and dough!!!
Apple iCloud to the rescue with the Find My iPhone app! Phewww!
CRAN is really showing off its flexibility with the new 'yoga' package... I didn't even know #R could bend like that.
Follow for the latest updates on the #linkAges developer challenge as well as the many other challenges were running.
#iveAlwaysWanted a realtionship tht wasnt fake or have a bf tht breaks up with you for no reason RT if agree
RT : Still, New Jersey insists it has no meeting scheduled with Carmelo Anthony.
Sure. After large corporations fill our food with Chemicals; we do wrong by eating junk food like Kraft foods, Coca Cola etc.
Sign me up!
radio: you are an evil thing. you make me love the songs i hate, yet you make me hate the songs i love.
Right. BUT it could've been cleaned up before being brought to Va? Do they plan to clean it up, like Enterprise?
Proceed to your Destiny w/open arms. Begrudge no experience. It works for you NEVER against The Big Picture.
Tea to the English is really a picnic indoors. ~Alice Walker
What a treat! Either way, it's a win-win situation!
I'm bout to jump in the shower <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080>then watch some basketball and the nuggets get this W! #NBAPlayoffs <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
u used to think it was the shit! u change ur opinions all the time
Time to hit the GYM!
I'd rather go to the Trop than visit that place. Looks awful
I totally just saw someone pet a squirrel in Madison Square Park.
I believe that so much. I can only imagine.
Turn on the monkeys!
Chillin with Ryan and Angel, pc4pc???
Live with no lies, just love and regret not a thing.
Just met Pepe Serna at #hispz12. Cant wait for the #scarface film party on friday!
back to LA - work work work spa spa spa
Join us for a Benefit Concert for #Chardon, this Saturday 3pm-midnight--featuring 8 bands including the Band! BrewPALOOZA!!!
And thank you for re-sharing :).
We will be there all weekend!
No follow back, come on man jk lol. Hope all is well with you buddy.
Well, it's like Ireland here in #SanDiego this morning. A happy rain-soaked #StPatricksDay!
tplush k'd, talked trash to carpenter, pujols came from 1st past the mound talking back to tplush. tplush talked back...
": Deadliest catch kills a lot of cameras every year. #NABshow #SuperSession" my favorite show!
“ "I'm going to have a Strong Finish because I have Strong Faith!" #FinishStrong”
Bailey was nice enough to change the radio to 94.1 while he helps mom get ice ...he's in a good mood....
forget it V.V
that number of characters plus name is the sms limit. Twitter was originally simpler and phone based, none of this fancy stuff.
He doesn't look like a girl.
Kyle Ean Haggerty & Kelly Ann Clay are honored to have been selected. Looking forward to pitching, networking, & closing deals!
no you are a good girl
It smells like bacon. dude what? no not my ass
+1 RT : Chalk this up as a craptastic day. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
I swear my sister can't drive fa shit
Can I just... go home?
“: South Korean customs agents find thousands of pills filled with powdered baby flesh."
RT : “An attitude of gratitude brings opportunities.” from Yogi Tea Love those teas!
Countdown to Greatness 7 days! YE
Lol. I know sum who do. It always amazes me. They will have over 500 victories in 9 years as a head coach. HUH??? SMH!
Thanks for being my 100th follower
This is the Hancock Building. You can tell by the diagonal supports.
Nice of Bush to come out of his hole and remind everyone how much better we have it now, with a Prez who has good ideas. (And who can speak)
Me: "What do you think of this plaid getup?" Dude: "I'm from Washington State, plaid's like an aphrodisiac for me."
See of the Bravos can keep it up on LA tonight!
Percy just ate on his own for the first time in almost 30 hours. He's still having accidents but he seems... better. My poor guy.
steak* silly high schoolers...
Relationship between primary care and specialist will change the practice of medicine
Hm...5 minutes into the first period. Almost time for the Flyers to pull their goalie if this year's playoffs are to mirror last year.
:3 the only reason I haven't yet was cause I was in Cleveland this weekend then on my grind getting votes for a contest
:-) Happy Friday Trice! THANK you for saying hello, made me smile.
Haha i'm kind of torn (no pun intended) between all of the ships haha :p
dude if you buy that guitar I'll have to buy a cooler one :P
Reminds me of "Shade, shade, shade. We love to shade." from
Breaking News: Pastor Marvin Winans carjacked SMH
Thank you for bringing this to our attention..Can you please email me Brian at vc-h dot com. I will notify the General Mnger
You will dig it. Stay to the very very very end. ;-)
Friday the 13th! And a snowy one at that..Be Careful everyone! Call 847-303-0303 (suburbs) or 773-561-4444 (city) if you need a safe ride!
David Cross and I are convincing anyone who will listen that we are part of a dance group called 2 Much is Never E-Nuff.(via )
Another great night is in store tonight as is BACK!
happy thanksgiving 2 u!! this is awesome :)
I remember the old days when you would Skype people all the time<3
Thank you for the follow! I hope to someday intern for KP so it's nice to stay updated on news and events.
Maybe we prove the concept by helping them learn through mLearning
February is Customer Appreciation Month. Pre-pay for a package of four sessions of subject tutoring and receive a 10% discount.
Throw your hands in the air if yous a true playa
City?? Anybody? Lol..idk bout u but I making da party..lol..even if it is Mon..I'm off shit :)
Once Upon a Time is getting good - definitely ending the season strong...
Randi Korn: Museums need to present numbers in terms of quality in order to communicate impact.
I'm jumping on that Bandwagon!
Any use for Gaffney, Jacoby Jones, or other available WR? I guess not worth the salary compared to Phins guys
Yep. Only fixed after I removed it plus the memcached file I had to add. Was working fine then kaput randomly.
This years super bowl is significantly easier on the nerves!
That's amazing!
.... Damn right JUNIOR ... rock those Carpenters tunes !!!!
talking about legalizing drugs with my co-worker. put a purchase request in for Side Effects by Alison Bass
Seems you and I had the same day? RT : I'm glad I'm home. Because my patience for people has run out for today. Try again tomorrow.
they may induce Taylor labor tomorrow..I should be in the bed seriously....was up 24hrs yesterday...slept about 5 hrs today..wired..uggh
Good Luck!...
RU in Titanic mode for the 100th anniv? chk out the doc that dives into the myths and legends! incld exlsv ints with Kate and Leo!
ppl will will hate you, rate you, shake you, and brake you. But how strong you stand is what makes you .
Friday show will be great, 'cause will be in the house to do a talk back with me and
Results of res survey/ expert panel: Agreements btw sci and res communities about benefits of maritime heritage. Costs create contentions...
aint bout what she be talkin bout
just died laughing.
Fire at Hayes and Divis, around the corner from my place. #sf #fire Firemen full force.
Both Stafford & Walker were wounded in battle in May of 1864. Walker survived after having his leg amputated. Stafford died 3 days later.
Was just scammed out of $640 dollars for tickets to tomorrow's NYR game. Disgusted with myself for trusting people.
Nasty hit me up and shoutout
Monday is so close yet so far away...
Do these kids ever learn?
absolutely! sorry we didn't get to chat more. thank the lord for twitter :) what was your fave from #harvardcoaching?
I wanted a way to keep track of different batches if I ever brew it again. And based in this one. I will.
I've lost my way and that's ok.
All my windows still are broken But I am standing on my feet-Demi Lovato
Hey dudes. I hope you're all having an awesome Thursday day daytime =] Just to let you kno I'll have two new demos coming your way =]
finally heard from my sister
thats great! we're writing a lot of new music to hopefully finish an album and we're playing this sat!
just got ericc with buffalo
Oh this could waste most of the afternoon. I would join you, but I just got a phone call. Great movie though. I like your taste.
Is there another kind of AWAKE.....besides "wide"?
Thinking about taking an early lunch
Quick! While the rain has let up! Get out on your bike and run through some puddles! Splash merrily! And then stop in the shop & say hi!
very cool! Most amazing drummers! I remember my jaw dropping while watching the 88 Olympics Opening Ceremonies.
Those hot dogs look good!!
I got a nice pair of leather boots, a brand new frisbee, and an F. Scott Fitzgerald novel. Definitely a nice haul!!
We could've worked it out, but I guess things change
Thank you.
Community class with Wendy today was awesome. I feel like a million dollars for only 7 bucks!
Artspan Presents Awards to Exceptional Moore College of Art &amp; Design Seniors
Another #FF: Bill Nye , who takes the best photos of himself.
Just another friday night looking for a good movie to watch.
thanks for the love!
O: that's badass
I really hate stumbling across awesome photographers that live in different states..why cant you live here? -_-
just summon the power of The Fonz. Aaayyyyyy....
Now that its the last day, I proclaim: ART SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am..where are you sitting??
10:00... That's when I'll find out if I'm rich!!!
SHOUT OUT TO ARSENIO AND MANY BLESSINGS, YOU THE BEST
Run Women Run endorsement meeting. Interesting stories from tonight. Oh, San Diego.
I miss , we used to talk like everyday, we probably talked once this whole school year :/
excited i just posted a new recording of winney's weight!
Yes, it is turning into a kind of gridiron. But a couple very interesting questions (Pedinotti, Paik).
Super Bowl! (with Jason, Rachel, and 2 others)
I feel so close to you right now <3
- we checked the links and everything seems to be working properly.
Thanks for picking up boxes! Any specific numbers you want?
I need my PIC back this year! Please tell me you'll be making an appearance??
April Got Genealogy Gazette will be out in two days. Topic: GenealogyBank (my new favorite Web site). Stay tuned.
they converted to HD before the season ended. It was pretty big news.
Don't believe in talking about your work. Let it talk for itself. I'd rather make money than just converse about my business.
Macmillan reservoir site? Henderson Make the plan relevant to the community. Day needs more planning.
Miami Game
She was everywhere.
UGH. I absolutely hate waiting for so loong and then the ticket people saying the tickets are sold out! #annoyed . This is gay -.-
my mom is annoying! She thinks that every guy Im friends with Im going out with them But she never bothers me about my two other guy friends
Spontaneous dinner at one of my favorites tonight. Yayay! Perfect end to a GREAT week with family and friends!
Thank you coffee!
If I called the radio station and they picked up I wouldn't know what to say.. I would just sound like an idiot.
yes but wat time u think tho?
now that facebook has made their crappy interface even crappier, maybe its time for me to give twitter a try
Car shoppin with my pops =).... not looking forward to these 7 hour drives from here to tally that I'm gunna hav to start doing though
Tickle me Happy Friday TweetHearts!
making a scene.
#FountainSquare is already rocking! Are YOU going to ? You should be.
Habakkuk Lesson: Keep pressing into GOD; with an expectant heart;
It's been out for two years but the strings on Joanna Newsom's "In California" still make me tear up
happy birthday lady!!!
Austin heart will always stay in texas.But he is doing this all of US and to make US happy. Be happy for him becuase its the right thing.
Haha, no way man, you rock! Seriously, you're like the #HarrisonFord of !
lmfao im so sorry I love you
btr lost, but at least they will know that we put up a fight for them to win. we tried & in my eyes they are still the best band EVER!
So we're walking around Walmart and I'm like so tired suddenly I saw a pic of 1D on a magazine and became fully awake hahaha
Late presents are awesome :) I got the prettiest ring and necklace
thanks Mercedes! Have a great week!
"Has his unfailing love vanished forever? Has his promise failed for all time? Has God forgotten to be merciful?" -Psalm 77:8,9
you already know what time it is Ronald
Let's take God at his word and believe that nothing can harm you or stop you from accomplishing all that God has placed in your heart to do.
i hate when people say all poor/homeless people are that way because they chose to be. for some that may be the case but not all.
Tomorrow should work for me. Want to go to the Jade Monkey?
yo what's good?
I still prefer to give him to Ethan, lol.
We ( ) watched the 1st 3 episodes & were dying laughing. Scary how you remind us of ourselves sometimes.
I love the way she loves me =)
A battle between and Chuck Norris. Who would win?
Good morning. It's raining. Wish I could have stayed home in bed.
"This place has history."
how wonderful to recognize Don in this way!
Cool, see you there!
is tweeting like crazy today!
RT": Good morning Internet! We're talking about garbage (human produced) today. (Not Garbage, Shirley Manson produced.)"
Nope, the Troll bridge is one of those iron ones. Ya know, like a railroad bridge. But It's pretty small, one lane, wood deck.
Watching MMA. Two chicks fighting to Evanescence. It's awful. They deserve better music than this bullshit. Give those bitches their due.
haha of course not!
hopefully follows me she is so very beautiful and talented :)
ok so I have tickets now. so the hashtag is changing
School tomorrow:P
Angels release former Phillies OF Bobby Abreu
IP Cameras allow you to make sure your recorded video is safe by storing it at a location that only you can access.
RT Capricorn is not one to have affairs
you should look up his walk-off grand slam last night. ha ha ha.
We don't know when or where we are moving, but we will keep everyone as updated as possible! Thank you!
glad to see someone hates as much as I do.
Apparently Mike Breen believes the #Clippers shooting 28% from the field was a good quarter.
;*they say that the world was built for 2 so its not worth living unless someones loving u
Sticks & stones may break my bones, but karma is a bitch, so you can rot in hell
RT : A3 A separate track for questions / moderation is a great idea. moderator better control over the convo flow.
what is link to live stream?
well your cute too :-)
Just getting back to #Madison and looking for something to do? We're open so look to further!
Welcome...hope you can attend.
Already got my Barney/Robin. Now all I need is to find out who Ted's wife is, and my life will be complete xD
david spade must have a huge 3rd leg
Built almost all the cool stuff with the triple combos. Still have one hurdle to go there.... The combo of three mansions. ;)
"Is the coathanger what god would want for his beloved daughter?"-Cathy Levy, Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice
your makeup is immaculate, but you got an extra comma on your tagline
"Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently"
kiss me until your drunk
i honestly dont know if the Lakers can beat OKC 4 times.. but im with em.. come on OKC.
RT One month
Thanks! We're quite excited. RT Yeah so excited for the #Seahawks partnership!!! Go Seahawks!!!
Is it strange that I wanna yum up on some oatmeal at 1am?!
I didn't hate it, tho I think Roger has been played for comic relief too much this season
2:45 am and I'm still up and i have school at 9 ..
I cheated on my fears, broke up with my doubts, got engaged to my faith and now ... I<U+FFFD>m marrying my dreams
Oh yeah! Blade Runner's a good one too.
Sure I felt salty about the ruthless teasing, the headless barbies, &made revengeful fountain wishes at age 7, but I <3 my sibs.
... and I have the haiku books to prove it.
GOOD LUCK AUSTIN <3
lol you dot have to worry about me anytime soon.
#thecabininthewoods was legit. Not what I expected. Thumbs up.
This robot is trained to smash your camera!
#KappaSplash coming May 7th. You can't get on the boat with a presale ticket!!! Make sure you hit up the for a ticket ASAP.
I want to watch a movie.
Share your shining soul with others: Smile!
If Anchorman 2 wasn't enough, now they're making Dumb and Dumber 2!
That is EXACTLY my cousin's fb status right now. ahhaha Hope u r well <3
NO Guys it's fine...Give me 20 battle to reasurch and you guys get like 5. No it's cool...I have like no time a even breath.
RT : BREAKING: Campaign officials: Jon Huntsman to withdraw from race for Republican presidential nomination
RT Jason Kilar at allthingsD: Hulu still needs to exist because they give customers what they want, when they want
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
I wish #OKCupid had better search functions that allowed you to search by how people answered Q, what race they want, hair color, etc.
Congratulations to all Packers Fans and the entire Packers organization for a great and well deserved Lombardi trophy, great SB 45...
I am not sure what type that is. What color paint?
Friendos- is the twitter page for Blue Sky Carnival Band, a group I'm very involved in :) Show today!
:c just got home. party tonight.. c:
Only reason I'm going for the heats is because my bestfriend Ralph love them. Lol
The comfort Inn in North Platte, Neb has a Romance Package? There are more romantic grain elevators.
Just think of it this way: They are keeping you from getting diarrhea sooner.
Seattle Mayor McGwinn: "I share the values and the message of the Occupy Wall Street movement." He should probably camp out.
thx for the shout out!
LOL..Rep Brooks may need a new chip. The Cindy McCain model is defective too. I'm sure they are on the recall list... :-)
To blog or not to blog. That is the question.
Outstanding! Congratulations to you and your family!
S/O TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS RT RT
To clarify, the survivalist character in Terrorvision espouses the eating of lizards tails as a renewable resource since they grow back.
It's exciting to see our webseries get hits with less and less effort on our parts.
I'm using OnKeyUp in a text widget to set focus on the next text field widget. Works on full web, but no cursor on focus in mobile.
Good morning :-)
#milwaukee We just repriced out extension cords at a very competitive price. Sign up your business with an account and save even more!
followed you :)
How was the weekend? Did you get enough sleep?
Let's go crew!!
Same! It seems to be the start of a trend. Marvel/Disney didn't really start promoting #Avengers til mid March/early April.
Just found 's twitter..
Finished shooting a music video in Arizona yesterday! Can't wait to start working on it, looks so good but now time for the drive back to LA
YAY >>RT : thanks for all your help today. Kids should be very happy on Christmas morning!
thanks for coming in!
Killing ourselves with a knife and fork
so ready for prom tomorrow #prom2012 :)
Action research-Life changing experience w/CTU doctoral group's Nicaragua trip w/World Affairs Council. Win win win!
he's awesome!!!
it's never that easy.
I figured u would.. Bitch
seriously why am I so lame
nuggets plus points
Me 'n can see about the Wordpress needs. www.rkostin.com
Let's get physical, physical. Let me see your body move.
Valentines day isn't about getting gifts an eating candy it's about spending time with the one you love and care about forever <3
It's all good doe c;
Follow Me Please!? 37
Critiques with art students is a little like herding cats.
Word is that we'll see timetables today. I'm excited to start planning my new commute.
Glad you enjoyed it!
My last tweet was to
I hate androids
Sick of spending $$ on your #car? We save you #money on your auto expenses through
Christmas lights start house fire - Fraser Coast Chronicle Christmas lights start house fire Fraser Coast Chronicle It took about 15 minu
HA! Love it.
Actual quote by : "I love dangling modifiers!"
I just love TRS so much and I never talk about it anymore but I just still really love Jordan okay
Followed by "Stand Out" from A Goofy Movie, my on and off favorite movie.
Savoy come thru
Lmao y'all remember that lil Chinese girl from the end of rush hour saying "push the button" ?! Lmfao.
Good luck.
A day of tree surgery on a friends beach tree has left me aching all over but happy. Body much older than mind!!
Not a bad idea to check this out Orlando! goo.gl/Tr7v2
The rain has stopped... Game time... In 4.5 hours...
“: - the and I are getting together this Sat. I'm sure your ears will be burning. Or is it ringing?" -not bleeding!
how tall is Greg Dickerson? he looks just a couple of inches smaller than Bass, is Bass really 6"5?
good. I hope they try to put him in a backpack and drop him off the roof.
Ah #Facebook is frustrating me. My account is suspended?????? WTFFFFFFFF
Will you ever say hi to me? (:
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow Im Hella Chill Most Days..
We just shipped a package to a place in Alaska-north of the Arctic Circle. Wisconsin Badgers fans are everywhere!
your show makes me smarter, thank you! Funny cause I feel dumber watching fox news.
Albino people (or animals) + glitter = instant Twilight vamp sexy.
Wish I knew what I know now
": Cuddling in bed & falling asleep is probably the best feeling in a relationship." Agreed :) gotta love cuddling!!
San Diego Friends, Happy Hour at ElToritos MiraMesa this Thurs at 5:30pm if you want to swing by. If you need to text/call me: 858-922-2468
oh my god no, you're a rapper now? -__-
I need more #CeNation Followers
Good morning..i just wake up enjoying my day off from work i got fooball pactice tonight..
Ok..I see why the #Hornets really wanted Bledsoe...
Had a great time last night at Milwaukee Art Museum's 'Food and Froth' Event.
Just imagining what that could mean makes me a little nervous for teacher-you.
Our guest piercer Jill only has another day :( so come on in and say hello! She would love to pierce you!
Cool, were not in any classes together though :( IT SUCKS!
Mute the TV and listen to the radio feed. Hell, listen to Nickelback and it's an improvement over Hayward.
you just made me spit up.
“: Probability of offense coming back from 2 run deficit in last 7 inn: .0000000000000001” happy to be wrong on that one.
": Need some motivation for this paper.." you can do it Austin, it'll be great, you can do anything you put your mind to!
RT : Salute to my comrades & many more who are making art live in this...
is contemplating some serious mentoring. Mucho $$$ but the direction I want. Hm...
Bring it on. How about dinner on the 23rd?
Heading out to the mid Missouri portion of Route 66 for some final shots for the project!
move out already.
Getting some Vitamin D with my girl
Come follow me...
Dear urban planners from 50 years ago, Thanks for nothing. Sincerely, Aaron
Of Course! We had a great time as usual :-)
RT : #telco2 > > "the huge inefficiencies of advertising are still hidden"
Exciting news: Jackie will be speaking at #CPAC 2012 this Saturday at 3:30PM. Come and listen or tune into C-SPAN to catch all the action!!
It looks like this is going to be a Blue Monday
yep, I'm still going. Khanh too.
You got great gifts on music!
BREAKING: MJ Doc Conrad Murray sentenced to four years in prison.
Think I'm going to use storybird for my student's "children's" book project.
ahahahahh that's right
": 1st Job I had fresh out of High School was @ CoSi . I was a Barista!!"Ahahaha yayyy Cosi
amen girl!
ugh ... dog farts are the worst
Nice sentiment but a lot of people still can't afford the food.
me too !
anytime... tweeting from my dual personalities today before i fly to FLA!
LOVE THE STORY!
Give us a shout out on your page and will do the same!
Via CNN: New French President François Hollande's plane hit by lightning on Germany trip, CNN affiliate BFM-TV says. No injuries.
was the BEST CONCERT EVER!!! #Come on, Come on...Get Your Goodtime On!
im sure the frey have no idea why they r singing this or why they r even their
Being biased is one thing but making claims about things you know nothing about is a completely different issue.
Does anyone here know who Sean Sellers is/was?
you really are evil
Girls, you're all beautiful and gorgeous and flawless. Always remember that. When life is rough, keep your head held high.
would be great to hang out!
I feel really weird and its not a good weird.
Thanks Malcom! We try to bring some fun back to traveling. :) Don't miss the "Recombobulation Area" right after TSA checkpoint!
Today we're #thankfulfor planes that make holiday travel possible (and faster!).
Don't give a crap about anything anymore.
your a lucky man, and they are lucky to have you! Reciprocity is a blessing and a gift!
Thanks, Merle. Aloha!
don't let aubrey run the show, she's a loser for your task.
At This Time Of Night I Really! Wish I Had My Easy Bake Oven ...</3
Big thanks to everyone who came to the open house with today! Such a great turnout!
lol thanks ha ha ha
"It was a minuscule concern, really, which following an epic tome-like exaggeration resolved itself—as onto the head of a pin."
haha!!... Ilym and did u follow salim and justin as i told ya cuz they r my friends!!w i will tell ya who to follow later on
What restaurant is that from? looks delicious!
well, then we'll talk later; its sxn on pragmatism experiment/-ence closely describes P Grimstad's project imo. enjoy opera!
summer hairstyle..
I could but then i would have 2 kill u
Sign it's been a long day: just spent 10 minutes plugging 2 RCA cables into audio jacks + wondering why there was no video.
Back to the drawing board. Didn't want ya'll to think I drop out my music scene.
Bosh is becoming a man right in front of our eyes! Big moves!
This is a test, only a test: for those using Twitter's web interface, see how fast you can find Twitter's footer. Go!
Hit My Line, so I know it's real <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
don't get me wrong here folks, I love me a well placed womp.
theres alot of padagonia on the train today ... they cant all be going on adventures , it makes me nervous
Golf: I just don't get the love for it. Probably 95% because I tried to learn and failed big time.
Hey blekko! please send me an invite for your private beta launch.
Plants Vs. Zombies!!<U+2665>play game
#WeirdThingsToSayDuringSex What's your name again?
I love bubble baths :)
Fuckkkkkk yeah baby portugal
he is!!!! That dude tossed a fridge around with ease. You got a cool dude there, miss Wik.
Hello from California!
Go ahead. Take her side again. Its obvious shes ur favorite.
Looking forward to seeing your tweets. Let us know if there is anything we can RT for you.
I hear ya! Thank you for sharing the info that backs this up. Massage does so much good, indeed. Will be following your blogs!
Uh-oh. I accidentally got a sunburn.
Grill officially--and successfully--tested! Yum!
Darlene Wink knows things. Dirty things. Dirty, secret things. Dirty, secret, incriminating things.
Love is like a two-way treat
Hey Followers, get access to all of the latest Conservation News by following ! Help WLCV protect WI's nat. resources
What would this world do w/o haters? Apparently they need trainers like you and I to get the results they're lacking!
Thank you both for staying with us & congrats! Hope to see you for a future anniversary vacation!
yesterday I was still in Pennsylvania for an early xmas w my bf's family. Now im stuck in Chicago..
#HowImGrand I'm simply me and don't care wat other people think of me cause wat really matters is wat I think of myself!
looking good. The Leawood Honda club is expanding. We need to organize a ride soon.
Jammin to 'On my Mind' by over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over !!
Gonna take my daily nap for today soon....
How's everyones week going so far? We've been busy with all the orders you all have been sending us, thanks!
hathi trust talk - looking at the tradeoffs between boosting/stemming and index size.
welcomes Sublime w/Rome, Cypress Hill, and Pepper at The LC outdoor stage on July 13th. Tixs $39.50 in advance. On sale 4/28.
Why wear 4 inch heels if you're gonna walk like you got fucked by a bulldozer last night
Eric Pio~ You are not an artistan artist creates. You do not write your own songs. End of debate.
I am writing all of this down and I'll run it past Saz in the am! ,get ready to put some miles on ur car!
No Sarge, Clayton Richard doesn't throw 97 mph
CM Punk RT : Yankees RT : joe girardi RT : So who do u think is the best point guard in NBA right now?
you're going to the oscars??!!
let's do work together!
thanks for listening to my chat today! Best of luck! If you are ever back at 550, say hello!
just took my ACT ._____. i dont think i did my very best. but oh well.. im taking it as practice for next year when i will actually try more
lmao shut up ..
Hey alex, do you understand what would happen if you noticed me. ASKLHGLGHJSDKLGH i'm just imagining it now. GLOBAL PARTY!
Cab rides are fun with and
You seem like the kinda girl who posts nude photos of herself on Reddit; in other words, you seem like the kinda girl I could love.
My Dinner of Andre
is it impossible for you too notice or follow me? I've been trying for soo long!:(
seriously fuck everyone.. the day i'm 18 you'll never see me again. fuck you.
What the hell? Friday it was nearly 70 degrees here in Denver and tuesday the forecast is -3 for a high!
Only 9:30 and already have gotten so much accomplished today. Excited for the rest of the week ahead :)
Everyone tries to shift blame to other people, typically when it's their fault.
i miss you too :) what're you doing Saturday?!
too much on my mind, cant get it straight. time for a 30min jolt of Shark Tank
YUP WE IN DEEP YUP WE IN THE STREETS IN THE STUDIO ENT..
Attention fellow tweeters - my library loving heart would soar if you took a moment and followed (It will be awesome!)
lost me phone. Yeah. Going to try to get a cheap new one today. Xo
2nd day ina row shooting catalog product in the studio.
-way true!haa!
Rediscovered an old gem!
Happy Monday - Make the most of it!
25+ bottles of soda, costco sized slim jims, pretzels and granola bars in my office. Yup, Hoya Saxa Weekend is here.
Don't make social media about the organization only -
just like me, dust off the carwashin muscles!
I know it is. Keep sharing the news. That is one way to fight back!
I second that motion!
Right? I was surprised a)how candid the students were; b)that the uni posted it. Some uplifting thoughts, some not so much
Hey, pitchers and catchers reported while I wasn't paying attention this week. Spring is almost here! #frivolousthings thatcheermeup
Janet and Noell are pogoing around to The Blue Rajas.
there was not one part Where i wasn't laughing
INT Willie McGinest! haha. Brandon Spikes!
just found out the microphone on my keyboard is speech to text. let the obsession commence
This is why I don't make friends with the males in my class I try helping them with school and they take it to next level
ahahaa Erica your so cute(:
What's Up ! Shady lovers. :)
when are you moving!?
#swing collaborative #Conversations in perfect pitch song. © dmp
TOUCHDOWN CANES!!!! Another laser strike to L. Hankerson from Harris. Great catch by Hank, his 3rd TD before half. Miami 27, Clemson 14
Claim your $150 discount voucher off you awesome summer adventure in the USA now! Small group fun for 18-40yr olds
I am excited to learn about Pinterest, starting now, with and Jessi Langsen
I'll hold you to it!
Iknow im not all that you want .
*high fives your forehead*
so adorable!
Congrats to the #USMNT Big win in a friendly vs. Italy.
Moving in today!
Will a night w/ the alien enthusiasts turn me n2 a believer? Won't b hard 2do.Small planet,big universe #Contact here I come
I do that every time I pitch against the #Athletics ... RT Congratulations on beating a Triple-A team, C.J. Wilson.
Few things on Twitter are funnier than Anthony DiComo's exclamation-point mockery of the Mets' official feed.
Free health screenings for AU faculty and staff in the East Quad Building today until 12:30. Very awesome!
If you want me to stop dancin' then keep me out of the end zone.
sounds good. Just let me know what you need. I will see what I can do.
playoff hockey starts today and there is an all episode of #ABDC ... now all I gotta do is make it through work.
thank you!
#ustream it is lil Deliliahs bday she 2! u met her in Salina! will u sing Hey There Deliliah & tell her happy bday PLEASE?
oh....well i could have quessed that
What about Sarah O
Osaka with the family <3
haha! her dad was just watching her and laughing. Like really? Some people should just not be parents.
Well said. “: I would not hire Rick Santorum to be the night manager at a DoubleTree.”
my bap ass.
BTI is wrong about pastner.... Cal tried to get, Tony Barber the Memphis job his ex-player at UMASS, coach at auburn...
Nope. All your fault.
I can't take one more sleepless night without you<3
So Pissed Right Now ! .
I guess this is goodbye.
Thank you for making returns so easy. So nice when things like that aren't a hassle!
Thanks for the info. Bookmarked to be read with morning coffee.
Sexually Frustrated.
NEW CAR YAYAYYAYAYAYAYYAAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY :)
YE Countdown To Greatness 12 DaYS LefT!
You know we love ya Diva Ø!
are you at the office? We'll be at the reception desk in 5min
Cozy,Yummy,And Friendly Like Eating In An Ideal CapeCodInn Amsterdam83St212.4960163
¤ Though ambition itself be a vice yet it is often times the cause of virtues. Quintilian
Just got an amazing and thrilling phone call! My excitement is barely containable. :D
oh nice! My cousins went tonight but couldn't find parking and had to go home
Gun to your head, are #datingwebsites A) Convenient or B) Creepy?
sorry baby it ran outta money LOL
RT : How much of a charity's funding should go to "administrative costs"? Better Business Bureau says 20% to 30% a benchmark
Captain Feathersword is an idiot. Yeah, I said it.
Miss my daddy.
Already there. You guys going to bust out Stephen Hawking?
I want a Margarita!
i work tomorrow and Thursday. im spending the whole day friday and saturday to do prom stuff .____. and im pretty sure i wont get HW done
Need the right Valentine's gift? How about a Massage Gift Certificate? Valentine Special $60-1hr massage ($100) value. call 305-335-3855
Sometimes I like to listen to piano while I'm typing on the keyboard. I have trouble keeping the tempo though.
Awee, those are adorable (: Mine is a Maltese .. && thanks for tweeting me ! #Follow ?
How come when #Romney says he's not worried about the poor or the rich- only about the middle class - it's not considered class warfare?
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS! <3 B-)
was Fantasia “: Was that Vanessa Williams' voice in M&M spot?”
Im sorry im kinda tired and i have to wake up at 6 and its almost midnight but ill tlk to u tmrw.. k?
alright, i'm in you pusher
Thanks to all my followers finally hit 100 actually now at 101!!
Looking for jewelry designers interested in upcoming photo shoot! DM me for more information. -Merci
I got a case of the coughs
Hey Don! Thanks for the following. How's your day going?
Transportation is always an issue for our homeless teens. We have several clients that desperately need a bicycle - new or used.
thrust me, it will. Stay positive<3 :)
I AM GOING TO THROW THIS PHONE AGAINST THE WALL!
I don't hate you because you're fat, you're fat because I hate you
ALL I CAN SAY IS LAST NIGHT WAS THT ISSHHHH & TONIGHT WILL BE PART 2 at the KEITH SWEAT CONCERT & after party @ BAR 11 & THE STUDIO!
Oh and here's something else I haven't said in a really long time #SweetNightmares See you tomorrow bye !*)
Oh hey yeah let's have a conversation on twitter because texting each other is too much work.
Is Peter psychic?
I'm back holler at me....
It never fails. Anytime someone calls me Bud who doesn't know that that, in fact, is my name... it always throws me off.
Nothing takes the stress off finals like a round of golf
Small claims court is a friend if you protect the interest of your
please RT my girl for her 21st Birthday! She is an enormous fan & loves You! Pretty please?? Thank u.<3
#FavoriteNBAMoments the day after the finals
im his big sister. i have to be responsible.
The difference from my generation and older generations is in the work. They would do anything to win a client and keep a client. PART
idk Reece's Pieces is underrated. It's closer than you think.
#ThatDepressingMoment when the guy you like talks to you about the girl he likes... which isn't you >.<
RT : RT : Heading to McKenzie Outfitters to help get geared up for his climb at Skinner Butte Columns.
Short answer: yes. Make sure you follow your own guidelines, and make sure it makes them want to read the next page.
Serving Jury duty. Anyone know a good, fast place to eat?
the sky might fall, but i'm not worried at al~
A7: Attending chats like this and being a part of several business groups. I love listening to motivational podcasts too!
I've strength tested her & found that if you drop her on tile that she looses a wolf ear & 1 foot @ the ankle ;)
I believe we have a nice inventory of dice containment units! It would be a pleasure to serve you.
Yep, that is to warm for my taste, love temps in the 70"s
Poised and ready to be J's stand in for the draft but turns out he can make it. Kinda sad I'm not on the call. cc
- At 5PM? BAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAH! :) Seriously though, good luck. :)
I'm not an idiot, so when I explain to you how my phone is broken...please don't send me away three times. This is LA, the mall is far.
Then you and I are in damned fine shape.
It's the over-praised, self-loathing types who become most bilious.
Spurs...meh. Needs more Derrick Byars.
Former #LAPD Chief William J. Bratton always used the term cop.
Governor and legislative leaders call presser to celebrate budget. They enter to weak applause from a smattering of members
There is a CRAZY Woman in this house!!! She packs her shit to leave at least twice a week. She stomps out only to return in a hour. GO!!!!!
New logo, new site design coming...
#Valentines Day In The #BigApple! It's A Beautiful Thing! Any Special Plans For You?
it's okay, I dm myself(;
The remarkable moment you realize you never considered changing your twitter profile pic.
RT : #SmallBizSummit on the Twitter 80/20 rule. 20% promotion; 80% tips, hints, engaging content, shout outs, etc...
what are the hours? i'll call :)
Im hungry !! but my moms not home , and im not down to go make something to eat ..
OMG! JUST DMed ME!!! :D YEE
I HATE ppl that kiss ass!!? That shit is pathetic and sad!! Like bitch u really wanna stay relevant to somebody that use u and don't like u!
Ugh i'm a mess
lloyd banks going off on this jackpot song
Always looking around but never looking up..
This kid is a joke.
If you would've put in as much effort as I did, you'd understand why I'm so hurt.
Good for you ! I'd like to see and others to follow suit. We all should fight this!
Linkin Park, "New Divide"...damn
hey Chloe its me mary. Please follow me back. :-)
awe ok then. When u decide to play all u gotta do is log in and explore to different city's.
Good morning! Tune in now to NBC6 to get your Tuesday going!
A foolish child is a calamity to a father; a quarrelsome wife is as annoying as constant dripping. (Proverbs 19:13 NLT)
How's the lil' fellaz' punching bag? Considering buying one. Need some stress-relief aides.
o lord srry bro. ok man hit me up on face time when u home cause i am getting of this bitch lol.
No phone still I'm actually on my laptop for once haha
you guys look hot! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
#toilet girl.. You mean the Sittin On Tha Toilet girl??
#seriously grow up. I want a MAN not a BOY. Call me when you
I hate them. Unless we can choose our groups... But these were assigned to us and I got the 2 worst partners. -_-
The new customer control panel is awesome and a much appreciated upgrade from their old control panel! Love it!
Yesterday was filled with so many lotto hopes. Today? Not so much.
thanks...I'm off for the day. has some compelling stuff tonight...
Destiny all kills mouz. Also, are you ever mad that IPL is overshadowed during stream time by other major SC2 streams?
Not going to lie. I cheered on the conf call when I heard was going to DJ Dell's NBMBAA VIP event.
Occupy Columbus Rally today. Geniuses picked a day when the banks, and probably government are shut down. Way to be heard.
i miss ...what a way to ruin a
Wishing the smartest high school girl I know good luck on her exams
Hope Yanks get the double play here!
nothing does mindless better than vampires or zombies. After listening to politicans lately...#TheWalking Dead is more lively.
Was kvetching about stinky lunchboxes today & a friend told me to use baking soda overnight to de-stink.
yes! Jamar and Juliet!! Amazing talent from both :)
Did u c any of the Tweets that I tried to reach out 2 u with early tips morning about FEATURE FILM BIDNES PROPOSAL
then ur set... You are going to cry at the end of smackdown. I read the spoiler
oh you know it!
Shame... Shame on your whole family...
Awesome! Can you DM me your email address? Then I can ask in more than 140 characters :)
RT : #ToMyFutureHusband I promise I will love you no matter how angry or frustrated you make me :)
Do you do the colored electrical tape on your mic and cable or does someone else?
you got hacked. You may want to reset your password. YOur account is spamming. Good music!
Take to work and win CA$H! We're giving away $100 every hr during the workday with #WorkplacePayoff Listen for your cue!
Thanks for the follow
Got our seats in the theater! Katie Miles is here! So excited and sad.
Hi, my loves I've missed you all, but I've been working on taking our music project to the next level and now you can buy Copper Rose music
read this online..."some people are like a slinky, they are only good at tumbling down the stairs" so true. Lol
a bus? Hope he's OK
Guuuuurl bye. :p
I was in that pool today too! shes so cute!
Do athiests believe in Karma?
No 4 on Friday the 13th? Seems like a pretty awesome day to me so far
I can't even keep my eyes open without them watering
you just lost most of your hearing, right? Been there done that
#FF ; thanks for the follows;
Independent, over-analytical, creative, fearless nutcase. Doesn't like most people, loves children and animals..
Hey #Wisconsin, don't forget to #vote today in the spring election! Polls are open until 8 p.m.
Who is ready to get dirty with for his 30th birthday party tonight at Closet Sundays!
ah that's like hour from my wife fam in zanesville
This is going to be one for the collection: a break from the totally serious, lots of over-the-top kill action and boss fights of note
thanks for the RT!
donna summer was so pretty…
Happy Birthday Khameel!!! !!!
no!! That's the view out the window from inside!
you mad ?
Reed signed contracts w/ Hollywood production cos. for *Pallbearers* and *Yellow Back Radio* & wrote a screen play for *Pallbearers* ...
....are you going to be at Zia Records in LV before the show???
yep that takes the cake
When the best you have to offer is riddled with imperfection you have an opportunity to improve. Be better than the best you you know!
yes and yes,
your contempt for the elderly is palpable.
stay up to date with us with a free AccentLink Basic account at 800-language.com
i agree to that.
IEPPal News - 2. All users may schedule one-on-one training from within the app and on our website.
i hate today so much
Man how much do I love The Lion King?
Great deals on toys and games for children at any age can be found at www.todaysfavoritetoys.com check it out!
After an action packed weekend, it is time to hit the books
Thank you for braving the wind and letting us feed you tonight! You made tonight awesome!
We'd make a bomb ass couple #Baby!
#oomf cooked some chicken spaghetti and it was so good.
My grandfather was shot in the eye at age 9, while hanging laundry. He passed in 2005 and could not be buried back home.
good to see you at I am second tonight man!
M... Kool-Aid. I've always liked that stuff.
lol u silly
Treat me like a joke, i'll leave you like its funny.
Get to pack this weekend
thanks for the blog alert - the brand's story through #transmedia storytelling is what we do
"Every life is a story make yours a best seller."
Ciroc and good music... #chill mode
SO THE GREATEST DAY ABOUT 2DAY IS ITS BDAY HAPPY BDAY HUN
missing my warrior nation
Today is tomorrow !
What's good fam, you get a chance to check out that mixtape, I'd like to remix a few of them....
Im fuckin lucky I made it home alive my punk ass car kept sliding I swear when I get my new whip I'm blowin this piece of shit up noregrets
": I wish people realized it is not winter and you should not wear boots."
hehe word up
Getting through finals week.
Media & tech are tools but we shouldn't underestimate the power of 1on1 human connection & how it can empower & inspire youth.
I wouldn't see word cloud as hard-core analysis but def as a filtering tool and, if seems appropriate, viz tool
Bubbly before or after you file your copy? How old school are you?
Listening to
Happy nurses day to all my fellow nurses
#TeamLakers all the way !
Eagerly awaiting the April issue of to arrive at the office
especially hearing the kids recite names
No. We welcome all. Come on out in may and lets pursue the dream together.
Love ya too :)
Hah - I just sang that to somebody the other day!
Women who exercise are less likely to suffer from strokes, diabetes or breast cancer later in life.
Nice Thunderstorms this morning!
Good luck today We'll be cheering you on today. Start off the season with a win.
Huge adoption event at the Petsmart in 7 Corners today...
I admit sometimes it hard for a nigga to say how he truely feel to females..
Congratsb man...you're a Beast
mention me:)
Im that white girl haa
"No, gyro loser!"
and ma'am .
Haha, I know right! And I've been good, you?
Looking back at my tweet, twitter unescaped what I had pasted in! what #zotero had (sans spaces): <p> &amp &nbsp ; </p>
ha! maybe you can adopt a team? that's what we did ;)
Lets set up a skype time!!! We miss the family!
Sessions was a Milwaukee Buck yet another who left and went to a great team and got to play in the playoffs
#NYR tonight, can't wait.
SAME RULE OF RESPECT APPLY 2 HER LIKE SHE GOD BECUZ WIT OUT HER NONE OF THIZ IZ POSSIBLE.........REAL SHYT......
Aw, thanks! Yours is pretty neat, too.
loved the #FiggeStudentFellows presentations last night? think u could be one? students can look for 2012-13 applications in Aug!
Text fields in RefWorks hold up to 1 GB of plain text each.
I'll mention it to him. ;p if he's a good boy. Lol
HA!! WAY TO SMALL!!
The University of Phoenix is buying ads on tV
u welcome babe...Truth is truth n u told it!
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 3 Washington Redskins 17 14:55 in 3rd #buccaneers #redskins #nfl (Via )
That's actually in Lake Eola in Downtown Orlando. Beautiful spot to enjoy the scenery.
any help on how to unlock the 2000 follwers rule from twitter
Today #WarisChildsPlay opens-our art show at the Spinning Plates Gallery! The opening ceremony starts at 7pm, with music, wine, and more!
That was my concern. Sent a simple question, got a non-answer. Not going to volley emails with your company. It's a time waster.
it was a blast to work with your team to crush the competition with such a thin, light piece of glass / aluminum! ;)
Welcome to the family! Hope your first day goes well.
wtf?!?!?! Why didn't you tell me sooner???? I could've asked for off :( Lmao UNLIMITED bread is your favorite :)
Pancake mix and sprite? Who knew it made a awsome breakfast in the microwave!
GIVE IT UP FOR WHO REACHED 20,000 FOLLOWERS
THE RAID: I've never had a movie kick my ass as much as this one did. Some of the most insane action I've ever seen. SEE IT
Have you got your tix yet for today's concert? Bernstein, Stravinsky and more! There are still seats left. See you at the at 4 pm!
can we wear heans today??
Does anyone else feel a little bit sorry for real people who may be perfectly nice, but happen to have disasters named after them?
packer green bay packers super bowl champions
One's mind has a way of making itself up in the background, and it suddenly becomes clear what one means to do.
Wow. Didnt think I'd see a penalty in game 7 of the Stanley cup playoffs. Seemed legit though
still with sadness but hope for the team going forward
So sad that is no longer on American Idol. :( You're still amazing in my book dude! and still my favorite!
Defense verdict in business case. Irvine trial attorney Gregory G. Brown handled the trial. Jury out for only 1hr. 45 min.
If you wanna do something in art, then it would be an AMAZING opportunity. But just trust your heart, do what you think(:
Had a great time at the Word in motion Urban Dance Festival!
Fuck Todd Graham and his kids! Hail to Pitt!!!
Its 4/20 every day for a real pot head!!!!
i hate coming from the votech.. smh, i have to rush to get to my bus. -____-
Did you sample the Peeps flavor? I was scared...
The over indulging must stop at some point, right???
Profersonal - melding together of personal and professional lives online per
You looking to stay in the southland? I know of some space but it's in PV and KC.
Thanks so much for the RT's! :)
She never goes these days.
Lil workout at the park real brief like lol
Our pleasure! It is a great partnership for a great cause!
Does anyone want to play Scramble With Friends with me? I haven't tried it yet but realllyyy want to.
The latest Video Librarian recommends 8 Kino Lorber Edu films. That's 8 reasons to pick up the January/February edition.
Yes please! Then we can have a tasting party.
: Ha ha... You can have hockey... Bucky will take football and basketball...
Is that the new saying now?
Woo hoo! Got my divorce papers today! Stoked!
My back hurts O:
we do love our Red Bull :)
makes me think of my favorite Crystal Waters song, "100% Pure Nougat"
thought the music you played behind the Tebow call was classic
just wanted to tell you that I still love that "how do you solve a problem like maria" stalking joke.
"Tweeple"? That's
missed you at the little magazine panel, but would love to meet up sometime this weekend
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead. -Bertrand Russell
Watching the episode of dream machine with and is he really wearing an shirt that is awsome
Just noticed "HCR" is also a TT, behind "Rush Limbaugh?"
The flying lawnmower is the reason we are amazing
“Chapter 11 Pavilion”
I seriously can't fucking do this anymore..
Fav is Neighborhood Plumber No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies...24/7
changed my username
they've never drove through Indiana <U+E326><U+E03E><U+E022>
Everyone can call me beautiful, pretty, or sexy but it matters more coming from you.
wut's happening on your account right now...
Yeah, I saw that. Goodell does not play around.
Resetting my vibration at that clear autumn thing: we catch sight of the bridge to darker days yet still turn in the heat and light...
Former #SNL writer looking for artist to create political #cartoons for #obama2012. I'll write, you draw. #p2 Pls RT to ur followers
Up at dawn; watched Performance (1970), insanely good/influential, then checked out The Last Rites of Joe May. Cool little sleeper.
can you please follow my friend he is a
be careful he's only good for 60 miles tops, he can't handle driving further than that.
National Thought Leader: "Hell yeah, I'll put that on my bio!" Love it.
Editing a video staring my niece and nephews. Stay tuned....Monday hopefully:)
omg i was about TO BUY THE ONE ON THE RIGHT BUT THEN MY MOM WAS LIKE WHY ARE YOU WASTING YOU R 5 DOLLARS ON HIM AND I GOT SO MAD
At ihop with the kids. Taking bailey to see her old softball team. Hope she gets the fever back
Thank you, Im glad you like it! See you in Bloomington next time
OMG YOU GUYS DHSKAHSLGDKDKW
Just got a little reusable lion king bag and stickers for getting a kids meal at subway :)))
Thanks for the follow Mike!
Hurley to #URI along with his brother, great news to get at 10,000+ feet in the air. Rhody Hoops.
I feel like it's all over but in reality tomorrow I have to take Italian.
If you have received a message from me in the last couple of hours, it was not me. Sorry about that, I hope you ignored it.
Looks like FCX is making another run at breaking that $46.80 mark...
Recording time had to be delayed to a scheduling matter. Should be ready for Thursday. Sorry, My Rocketeers! :-)
God takes care of himself, and you of you.
I'll be back guys!
Congrats to Maria from Lakeland!!!! She just won Rays tickets!!!! Another chance to win coming up soon!
Reason 1,001 to avoid a shutdown: it will kill me - KILL ME - to get up while bf relishes lazy mornings. And, I like a man with a paycheck.
I want to start a blog abou 'gving and receiving' i.e. I spotlight for-profit companies/social entrepreneurs who funnel-
bouttah fix it now.
Thanks for following! We're looking for a #MKE business to offer a complimentary website design! Interested?
Stay tuned for Episode 4 which will be live in the next 24 hours!
Having the flu for a week is way better than getting a painful shot for 5 seconds.
holy crap, leg of lamb cooked by me, if I do say so myself with fantastic mint sauce is delicious.
Yup, Portland comeback was 2000 conference finals. 3rd ring came after beating Kings in '02 conference finals.
Met 7 CDs at TCN workshop today. Felt good!
I just slept for so many hours.
Lady: what are you shooting? Me: pilot for MTV called "x" Lady: never heard of it Me: yeah cause we're shooting it right now moron.
RT : I believe that is Mr. Nafziger himself... am I correct? #uwrightnow <- "The man, the legend, the conference room"!
The Xbox 360 ELITE Acution is less than an hour away! Come join the fun and bid at BidFather!
Tryin to go
"Megan, look left for swag."-Grace
when I am having a bad day I go on Facebook and read the status updates from all the people I knew in high school, and then I feel better.
You can't always control what you do when you're wasted, but you can control whether or not you get that drunk
Malibu Country is the place 2 b, Nov 2nd on ABC, watch as & the entire cast r sure 2 bring u lots of laughs!!!!
Im waiting for your voicemail ,you said you were gonna leave me one on friday haha the weekend is almost over >.<
I did indeed review that production--(set was best thing about it!)
IT'S GOING DOWN TONITE NATIVE TONGUES' STYLE...ABSOLUTLY NATIVE! @ The Warehouse Loft. It's gonna be so muh fun. JAROBI from ATCQ on the mic
Rob Hanna Defeats Brice Kellem via Ref Stoppage after the 2nd Round to retain the Rocktagon MMA East Coast Regional Lightweight Championship
"Me pones de los nervios" means "you get on my nerves"
Really tho? It's like that?
Made Monster Cookies with the little man. Yummiest combo ever of choc chips, m&m's, peanut butter and oatmeal...m...delish!
New York City Baby!!(:
Hope you are well!
It's a comment on the legal concept of property that is itself legally enforceable, i.e. a recursive contract. Code as law.
that moment, when you show your crush his football sign, and gives you a huge smile. :') <3
Movie time :)
RT : My first #citycouncilmeeting this is serious!
shit well david and i are separated so i guess thats the next best thing right?
Haha! Indeed it has begun
:3 I have a coat if you want one, find me!
I had a great time at the CityLit Festival.
oh, snap. I've been called out.
i want hot chocolate, i don't want snow! can't we just play winter in hawaii?!?
just realized there is only a month of the semester left. this is both good and bad.
Prom fucking sucked I would have been perfectly fine sitting at home..
i dont tweet anymore
Nothing good ever happens between 7-10am, so why do people even get up this early?
what are you?
I live on the windward side, opposite end from Ewa Beach. We are doing an investigation there next month at a house
Follow and :D
I 'shutter' to think RT : CNN just fired 12 photographers in favor of crowdwourced pics. Is the iPhone killing the photojournalist?
Today I'm thankful for fun-size Sour Patch Kids so I can eat "just a few" and not feel guilty ;)
Police block access to the Capitol in WI, despite the fact that it is illegal to block access to the Capitol in WI - tinyurl.com/4qwq89b
yep that's prob it. Have a great weekend I'm off to go hot tubbing
Late to school again. Whadddup.
The ill-advised not sticking of it in pocket didn't burn Gomez that time
that will never change the way I feel.. and all I can do.. keep on telling you..don't be sad... 'cause2outof3"aint bad!!!!!i can't lie,
m just ate the most delicious cake for my birhday..from the curvy Baker liquored desserts!! www.curvybaker.com she ships FRESH
Hey Tom - you should check out feel free to connect w/ happy customers &
I seriously feel so bad for the people who nathan blocked :(
My market going roommate is gone, so I do indeed need someone to tag along. You in?
Getting Book of Mormon tix is more about competition than anything now.
Not really excited about the #superbowl RT if u aren't excited.(:
Maybe I spoke to soon
Nothing will please Boehner.
that is way cute!
You are REALLY uninformed. He is an ex officio member, not a sitting member, by virtue of his office.
Every day is earth day, dont'cha know?
Thai-ASEAN News Network - Ayudhya Allianz C.P. Hosts Charity Event to Mark 61st Anniversary
Don't think the Mavs want it bad enough
JUSTIN NEEDS TO WIGGLE WIGGLE IN HIS BIRTHDAY SUIT!!!!!!! LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL.
Morale & engagement is huge!
Sick again. You know what that means... Dexter marathon.
On my way to 1st session at NAEA - mine! If you're around, stop by the Seattle convention center to hear about docents with iPads.
fascinating! Thank you so much for following me!
Today in Blues History: Delta blues singer and slide guitarist John Henry Barbee was born Nov 14, 1905, in Henning, Tennessee.
Hope you stop by the table today T35!
.'s customer service should be a model for others: always good attitudes, attentive, and helpful. It's not that hard guys,
Really enjoying talking about the use of digital tech in museum exhibits at #thatcampphilly. Great way to end the day.
Pittsburgh Rocks
that orange looks like Panatone's color of the year, meaning your super stylin'! Do it!
Hmm. Maybe if you're logged in?
Happiness is my third Review Of The Day on Yelp in 2009, I am pretty geeked not gonna lie! Thank You to all of my followers keep on eating!
"When Paul saw them, he thanked God, and took courage."~Acts 28:15
Two nights in Vegas free for a limited time!!! RT please so your friends can get a trip while they last!!
I found pics of us when we were inseperable
#UrbanMeyer just guarenteed Jim Bollman needs to get his resume ready.
6 weeks til Shank Hall show !
Jonah Hill at my Starbucks. Lol.
When you get to the end of the rope, tie a knot and hang on. ~ Franklin D. Roosevelt
yo what's your number?
The speech will be webcast? I love rachel maddow!
Bacon is bacon Eggs are eggs Don't let a guy get between your legs He saysyou're cute he says you're fine Nine months later he says not mine
If your in line looking for #work stop wasting your time make work happen from the ground up! The piggy bank is broken & lines are 4 sheep
no you cant be just a rondo fan.
Don't reward failure. Reward the lessons learned.
and hopefully there's a trip scheduled for Washington soon after that.
exactly. i dislike him even more because he was already rich and he didn't have to stoop to this level. lost respect.
regular season son. Cmon now. You know better.
i just got a bunch of fake follows too
kinda awesome today...
I get that but still I'm seeing and hear like Bynum nice but calm down
haha so did i 1 time :P and speaking of dreams goodnight! <3
“: Our generation desperately needs courageous men to step up!" //Good word man God, blessings!
I LOVE YOU 2!
can't wait!
I want to play lingerie football. LOL. No but forreal tho.
SEO jobs are the bottom of the technology barrel. They are low-profit, commodity jobs. No innovation.
Hugo/Eric chavez favor the left RT : Chavez! First hit of the evening, singles to left, none out
just got a 97% on my math test, the world is ending in 2012
MSM may activate certain genes that suppress cancer growth. According to research at Univ. W. Ontario
I got sick to see your photo in KDA
#Justice4Trayvon finally Yeah
#POTUS is guest commentating on the Army-Navy game on CBS.
love green bay but Texas is home.
Gearing up for tonight's "New Mindset for #Fundraising" event at Didn't RSVP? No problem! Still welcome...
January?? No...May 4th :)
Had reqests for Dental plans,, here ya go.., look up providers in your area, www.tek4health.com
Finally a free time for a tweet (: Have a god night twitter peps <3'
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet 'I, Ratchet'
- thanks for the follow - check out our Facebook page - www.facebook.com/consultingconceptsinnovations
Need a focus group? Ask for community volunteers.
I have an opening for 9am Wednesday - otherwise booked!
Is going to try not to be such a flake this year. Energizing myself to be a better activist and, most importantly, better friend.
are you covering the Budget Overview that the Union Reinvestment Project will discuss tonight at 6:00?
you all should text me.(: 2762211182
are you gonna come to TAG next Monday?:) and it's a date!<3
You should play Cowboys!
Customer has more leverage in forcing cloud vendor to accept responsibility for laws bases on location of data than type of data.
cigarets for dinner anyone?
#oomff forgot about me..:(
The Avengers was so good... one of my fave movies ever, for sure.
In New Jersey.
Now that is way to celebrate your birthday, 27th goal on his 27th Birthday, Lets go
Lmao at that woman that say she couldn't find her dress tho
“: This tours kicking my ass. Pushing through tho. Sick and all *cough *cough” Aw take it easy and get better :)
hey brothers why is it so hard to find 5A and 5AB pro mark sticks in Nashville Area????
Economic impact of Alaska Federation of Natives convention to Anchorage: $7.2M, says ACVB. reports
That's an advantage?
I have a birthday dinner date with the most amazing, sweetest, and most precious daughter in the world, !!!
3 of my favorite things
My theory is that 1B would force him to concentrate. RT : Because he handled that grounder in RF so well?
Biting my tongue.
Im like outta breath just by doing the first part theres no way in hell im gonna make it through it #awkcuzitsonlyaminute lol
#FF she's new to the twittosphere and her handful of followers seem lonely!
s/o to all of the Librarians in the world who are Mother's!!! U ROCK! :)
“: "Mom, there's someone at the door." "Then answer it." "I'm not wearing pants." #femalepains”
Great discussions happening under #Mdchat #hcsm and #healthIT hashtags... - All great. Also follow #HITSM as well.
Nice!....I plan on cutting too....the 3rd time already!
Wow! Good Job! Still maintaining? RT I started on HCG drops on July 3 of last year. The first 40 days, I had lost about 25 lbs
adorable. ": You are the best in my book!"
very nice! less sodium, less sugar, whole wheat and lean meat right?
Trying to do my taxes and researching home buyer info. Productive Sunday night :) oh, and #WalkingDead :)
Work is the curse of the drinking class #OscarWilde. We believe if venues find the right people & people find the right job, work can be fun
umm wasn't I suppose to tag along?
Alright, maybe this weekend? I start my first full-time job tomorrow as a staff writer for a health care news publication!
Lookin for someone to write an article about their experience at the Nature Knwldge Wrkshp. To be published in the HSierran.
Reason and faith are both banks of the same river. ~ Doménico Cieri Estrada
I'm not sure there is a 12 Step Program for Perfectionism, but there should be. As for me, I'm making a perfect effort to be good enough...
Men want a sexually attractive partner. Women want someone they can be proud of and brag about. Relationships at the core
What's for dinner? Better yet, who's cooking it??
Ready to get my oral surgery over with! Lol! Yeah... The only part I'm worried about is the needles! Haha!
3125 images and six hours of video for the 2011 fall season - great season!
the fact that my mom gave me condoms when i went to go hang with my girlfriend today .. :3
Things are good and yourself??
Lets go clippers lets knock these grizzlies out
You should definitely record the audio. So many people now only want to listen to the book. Not me, though.
damn, we love you.
you can meet him at the Roxy june 1st!
Thank god the doctor prescribed me some pain killers. I don't think I'd get through this week without them! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A>
hey! Sorry... My 3G connection was really bad in the big room. Couldn't even tweet :(
Home from running errands...back on the couch!
: Thanks for attending our Euro Devon Grand Opening last night! Did you enjoy the event?
What's the point of twitter if you're not even funny????? that's a quote by
Exploited? How so?RT : I liked the #barves more when I didn't know they were being exploited by a business owner with a cool haircut
headed in door now
well unless you can do something about this weather...
np, welcome to the club!
This Twitter drama is annoying.
If Cinci wins the #NCAA tourney, I will name my first born Cashmere Wright
Is officially a season ticket holder
yea I should be around for a little in the evening
Be certain to check in with your group. Blue Team seemed to have a good handle on production requirements on Friday.
I will be at Newsday-LI on Tuesday for some training. Hope you'll be there too.
rick perry pulling out after santorum surges
welcome to twitter! I'm excited to learn more about your trucks!
I have a meeting at 2pm and then a banquet in Seattle. I'll run solo tomorrow and then with you guys on Friday?
OMG. Did you like skip a grade? Haha. I'm only a Freshman. well, sophomore next year. xx
Just got from the runway...=)
You are so fine boy! Don't make since :) lol
So Silva vs Okami... Thoughts??
Someone add me on PS3 I'm BiiONiiC_TuRTL3
Making data entries while listening to the AL and NL baseball playoffs. Does it get any better than this? I think not.
UT comparing the Marines and the Republican(orDemocrat)party is insulting.They are trying to drag Fletcher down by flinging mud.
PROCEDURE=DONE!
#creativity was not 100% today, frustration won. Stop motion shoot ended in burnt out computers. We'll start again tomorrow!
yeah it sucks lol :-(
I think I've only done one horror movie, Psycho I
well you do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> you even said you did last night !
sorry heck yes
Kenny Powers is alive!!!
Okay. Practiced, workout, more practice, eat then drink. How does that sound.
Great show topic today with the cover songs! Heard a lot of covers that I had never heard before. Thanks!
Burnt... the fuck... out
tomorrow I guess
Ew.i picked an ugly shade of purple.
ya but it was being telecast like a daily serial.How many times can a person watch it?
Heeeeeyyyy Yooouuuuu Guuuuyyyss! I can't wait- Friday night: Midnight showing of "The Goonies"
"No, he's out getting a spray on tan. He comes back and stains the furniture. The man is a walking creamsicle!"- Mr. Burns
he really can tho
YOU LIE
shutup! You're beautiful the way you are, don't let ANYONE bring you down<U+E022> I love you.
Ha! Then it doesn't count. Hmm... A real-life crush is more intriguing.
Some shit pop off tonight I'm good take my to bed
woah now! I said championships. That means Eastern Conference and Western Conference championship. They do not equal finals.
salena is ugly!!!
For June #LetsLunch: & are in charge. I'll be at a writers' retreat then/out of commission.See you in July!
do i have a donk???
Pittsburgh 4/17 Forgetting Lydia, Maesion, Fakade, New AC, and more at Finleyville Community Center tickets are $10 msg me if you wanna go.
yes, I do. It is very smooth. I have the new Fujitsu Q550 and annotator has been smoother than OneNote
How many PHOucking Pho Noodle places does LA really need?!
It is a sad day for our republic any time the majority votes on the civil rights of the minority.
GO FOLLOW FOR A FOLLOW
I love this concept as long as the lanes are not slick when wet. Would be nicer if cycling could adopt a universal color.
Lol. World peace is the man
Omw to Disneyworld! Love the 40 min flight to Orlando.
I can't be there this morning but sending the cast good vibes for there appearance on Good Morning America!!!
Watching my first indoor track meet. Kind of crazy!!
who is watching on #VH1 la la's full court life? Watch her journey on motives for la la<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084>
You feel like you can have a spontaneous shoot & have good work from it?
Just registered for Digital Pedagogy in the Humanities at led by -- excited :)
No coat, apple blossom tree blooming, morning meeting canceled.
Ha! a fool! Lol cant blame her for keeping 98/2 tho!
Give a Rose @};->-- To Everyone You Care About, See If You Can Get A Dozen Before Valentines Day <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> <U+2665> Thank You
has sd city considered getting water out of air via plastic water collection systems?
Glad you like it! It's one if our favs, too!!!!
we aren't telling our story. We are co-creating it with our most passionate fans and supporters.
So excited to have you on board!
Announcing game V Chicago at 5:00. Come out to DSGP. Great day for futbol!!
Flow chart hell?
Before you can really begin establishing financial goals, you have to figure out where you stand financially.
life in a perfect world haha! ;)
We can't just hand you a $50 gift card to , but write a haiku and post it to our FB page & you may just be the lucky winner!
7 bedroom big enough for you?:)
MY LLAMA LIKES YOU LOL
see? You got this fatherhood thing down
All hail our benevolent lord Science!
Mickey's Dairy Bar by Camp Randall. Get a milkshake.
Opening Day! Come watch your #NYYANKEES and #MYMETS start off their season while enjoying a nice cold beer here !
Do you think the new DC 52 line will stick or will DC reverse its direction again?
Going to walmart today
Brian Boyle just simply cannot be stopped in this series!
top of the world
At some point u just have to let go, move on. No matter how painful it is, it's the only way we grow.
So tired... but this Cowboy/Jets game is quite entertaining!
You know im high im over here eatin raisins lol them sun maid raisins poppin tho
im def excited for the weekend..hope u follow/shutout..plus im going to c #Avengers wit my mama saturday
Haven't had/been in a show for about a year...anyone know of any shows what need an artist in MKE in the next couple months?!
My name is katniss hear my arrow soar through trees! My name is rachel watch my arrow go two inches!!!
I FORGOT ABOUT RICHARD FACE! Definitely. Definitely my favorite Dick with a silly last name.
- punk show in a church? Cool. I almost moved into an old church (now a house), but didn't cuz I thought I'd burn.
Theres too many list, but for everyone that helped and was a part of this weekend, thank you. I love you.
Got the "DUDU wrap" down thanks to Cool book-Happiest Baby in the Block
Nice! Gotta represent. xo
Elton John - Blue Avenue
Word! ":been told I'm a belligerent drunk. Attending road games rooting for a team I expect to kick ass seems a great recipe."
My father used to say that quote like a broken record while I was growing up. Love him for it now.
At work: Different rodeo, same bull.
I love my girl. Shes the number one thing on my mind all day. It's crazy
oh yeah. Last years critiques helped shape this years conference.
The #DetroitTigers have just announced that Justin Verlander will continue to pitch after the game, and into tomorrow & Friday.
I've never heard it before this article.
Tigers or Ducks?
Thanks Jerry. I left optimistic about a new arena. Less so about the team. disagreed. It will be tough sell
yea lol but anyways I'm super bords! D:
The hamster in the wheel that is powering this computer is dying a slow, painful death.
Be sure to stop by Academy on Vance Jackson Friday 23 for a special Fiesta event.
Watch the Throne
same ol same ol. What u been up 2?
just followed a bunch of awesome people. I just hope they will follow back! Heres to good karma and stuff.
Did you vote today? Get an extra punch on your punch card with your “I voted” sticker tonight.
perhaps you can teach me how to write. I need help!!
Oh, that has to be a good story! And, Jenn lives with 3 males, so I bet she could handle it.
Mental Health Day!
#ICanHonestlySay I Love Animals!
my head is spinning from everything so far...
gonna make a box out of colored paper. let's go.
Slain my dick at these hoes like Nunchucks
what happened to Karla?
Who do you think they'll play? I just like knowing what definitely won't happen.
Does anyone have Dish??
#ThoughtsWhileRunning Honey. Please wear a bra. For the love of God
I like when surveys ask me for my "current age". As if they didn't ask for current I would have put anything from 0-25
sure sounds great!
who's them? We'v done videos for a few bands
OK. Do I have to make my own Mother's Day brunch reservations?
Oh no please...don't tell me that...I think I'm gonna die :| r u serious? #TVD without Alaric? OK must be a joke!
Sometimes I forget how lucky I am
aim not even in yet!
app world was a PAIN to download, sign up and never let me download an app. no wonder people are abandoning blackberry 4 iphone
#cbsbigbrother who else's gag reflex is triggered by brenchel???
I'm glad my phone number starts with 305 and not 786. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Congratulations, you marvelous people!
can I browse images? Not immediately clear how.
The Atlanta Hawks look terrible against the Heat with no Bron or Wade ...
hey Brett?! I mean...what's your name again?! :P
it sure is! Soak up that sun! : )
have the opening theme music sound more like the original from the 1960's.
what u think about earth 2 am sure u saw that coming right lol
I wrote an email 6 or so years ago to Jason and he wrote me back a lengthy reply.. I was reduced to tears. Amazing man.
"Changing the way we think about vulnerable kids, they are truly worth investing" - Barbara Allen from at
. #YOCOPY you only carnival once per year
Don't try to hide it, imma make you my bitch.
What a gorgeous spring day 88 degrees, sunny. Hard to get any work done! But lots to get done, so back at it!
Oh, and if you live in one of the recall districts and haven't voted already, get out there ASAP
Can't shake this headache...
Steady tryna change up something fresh?
happy Mothers day boop <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><U+2764>
hi Dan! *waves from america*
Get invested with Kayla, Jarred, and Apple. 8 parts of Trivium Proportion are out so far. #print and #ebook release upcoming
just hugged me. Holy fuck
It may be for the best, he needs to get healthy RT#chargers Gates may miss five weeks or longer bit.ly/nAITyd
awkward moment when you're a whore
Can't dm b/c u r not a follower.But would love to help. Pls email me at columbusfoodie AT gmail DOT com so we can discuss more.
Lmao #chuck and #shaq are some fools
hopefully something healthy because right now...at my desk...there are A LOT of cookies...the life of working with chefs...
I hate typoes.
Grt choice! ":“: Hi Chef, huge fan of yours. Was wondering if you could recommend a Pinot Grigio? ” Scarbolo!!"
Hosting event 'Art for Humanity' - Art auction and fundraiser. Pretty amazing art & crowd.
I can't wait to start working out.
And that's how you win the game!! Great job 49ers and congrats on your first postseason win!
“: RT : Joel Robuchon is in the house at L'Atelier this week and weekend #joelrobuchon” on to Las Vegas next week!
they lost the sale of an alcoholic beverage because of that little stunt.
hahaha ya bieber/1D blogs ftw! :)
what time do you work till
not lyrical
Monday #Trivia: Who coached the Blackhawks to a Stanley Cup Finals appearance in 1992?
Dwade is about to go off!
He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger
Why do trains and traffic only appear when I'm running late for work? gotta get my #cashflow .
You got some extra tickets to any event???? Simply hurry up and call us now at: 888-493-0004 and sell those tickets to us.
Cool. DM me and we can set up a time to chat.
Any fun weekend plans?
Yeah, but still. This is KISS!! This was a complete sellout, IMHO
were the 3 bestfriends that anybody could have
Jesus is at the 49ers after party, ignoring Tebow's texts...
Where is my breakfast!
thanks for the great weekend ideas! great job! you always know what's going on :-) have a wonderful weekend!
lol u wild
Rock on, Emily! Congratulations!
The site looks great - You've been busy! Keep it up.
Weird glitch in Google Maps right now -- several major DC streets now incorrectly labeled "W City Ave"
train dude!
Look for our new interactive game at Bear Down Fridays this week at main gate square. For more information visit www.beardownfridays.com
if wishes came true, i'd wish to be that light behind your eye.
are you a fan of music?
yes so happy i found my charger pretty sure i would die if my phone died
all good man. Thanks for checking it out though. Glad life's treating you well man
Where did the sun go?
who the mother is, everything we know about the mother could be seen tonight, thanks to the spoilers. I hope i'm not spoiling!
I am down whenever. But I am busy hosting jams until Monday.
Rad show march 10th at New Frontier Tacoma . Lozen will be there !!!!!!
You know that one person you're facebook friends with only so you can see how awesomely they decorated their apartment?
I text my sister the things I want to tweet but can't because it's too embarassing or stupid
I found companion link to sync w/2010. Will RIM update DM or should I purchase?
So proud of ; job well done, men.
#slaname so many new types dilute more of our meetings? Too many topics among the specialized?
Thnx very much! Surprisingly enough, the naked cowboy campaign was more enlightening. Know any "real" US politicians doing well?
that's cool next time u see me out don't be afraid to say hi
thanks. We had one in Santa Barbara. Doh....
Damn right! RT : If they change who they are when others are watching,they were never real to begin with.
cool site would appreciate it if you friended us at www.facebook.com/sunsetislandmusic thanks
The library is not a place for laughter!
Uggghhhh.I'm so fucking irritated.
Chill b lol RT iono if i should listen to that new kid cudi song i kinda gave up on him
replace the OR with AND, i'm right there with you.
favorite thing of a game is standing on the base lines looking at the flag while the anthem plays, just havin that moment to talk to god.
lol i don't even know her! So yes it was random bahaha
Night 2 of my three night volunteer binge of "hey strangers, let's talk about the movie we just watched!" Pretty fun 40mins.
#WeWontWork if you dumb as a door knob
maybe he's being succinct. Most of what's written in profiles is meaningless crap anyway. (with exceptions)
Praying for God to move in all the details - How is baby Kevin?
thts true i never got to see them live... :( now ur makin me sad
Odd time for maintenance. Will probably be months before I try to log in again. :(
The looks i get from dudes drivin in trevs car is ridiculous
Mention Twitter & get 20% off any detail! Pamper your #car!! Call (619) 928-4848! We're MOBILE & come to you! #sandiego #sd #detail #auto :)
even if i dnt get this job at the bay water park imma still b at tht mug all the time cus i kno it will b crackin
That video is like the beginning of a found footage horror movie - just needs Tony suddenly getting yanked outta the window
where to after that?
Participants reported that they learned a lot and their KM is better for the experience!
Congratulations, looking forward to hearing your name called!
- Shout to my birthday girl please? :)
well, free beer and bacon for everyone on top of that. Then yes.
hello love :)
I don't even do starbucks n been twice this week
Thanks for the follow!
hidden valley dress code logic <<<<
I don't look 21
Stasburg gives up his first HOMER of the year to Pence, Pierre was on base so the Phils lead 2-0 going to the bot. of 4th.
my bad. thought my mic was off and couldn't hold it any longer
haha I feel you brother
Please call for an appointment @ (608)764-2917 or email
Dont have a whirpool? Try this: Recovery Shower, Alternate 2min Hot w/ 2min Cold for 4-5 Full rounds, end w/ 2min cold. Great 4 recovery!
I really don't understand 's call ahead seating. How is that better than a reservation? It's less convenient for me.
Is it supposed to be a full moon tonight because craziness has been happening all day? Lol.
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt not consume any other guests.
Hi Myron! Great to see you on the One Love Cruise! Your daughter is so cute! Look forward to seeing you in Music City...
“ Lemme find out twubby got more than one hot nerd...” lol let me find out u cheating on me lmao
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success
"Not Truth, but Faith, it is that keeps the world alive." --Edna St. Vincent Millay
Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing
Eventually you just get tired of the bull and you stop foolin yourself.
We will be collecting can goods for the Houston Food Bank, March 10th at CVS, 402 Gray St. 9 to 12noon Tell your friends... Thank you.
The 4th works. What is your email? Mine is
Be it resolved that I, J. Danger Means, shall improve my Arabic and Japanese language skills to conversational and specialized fluency.
RT "You cannot turn truth into power if you do not know." ~ Bill Clinton #CPNC11"
RT : Want #free Inflight Wi-Fi? Follow & tweet with #ConnectAt30k for a chance to win!
I just love how music can make u feel much better
Thank you for the super fast service this morning 200 E Ohio store. loves you from the Joel Mr. Cub Lozada
a black man invented it
lol that's my song
Thank you! RT " That's an awesome looking office! Congrats!"
what brings you to Indy? Pacers/Heat?
Ready to head back to SF tomorrow. Looking forward to home.
Why are there a bunch of boats out today at 8:30? I encourage it, it just seems odd for so early.
lemonade is the BEST
No does not always mean NO!
First time in a long time I paid my rent this early. Today must gonna be a good day ;)
u aren't home?
Craft for me please. I'm stupid when it comes to crafting things.
I'm confident not Arrogant, I know not to cross that line otherwise you look like an ass.
Watching Aidan laughing at the golfers in this rain which is making me laugh even harder :)
hopelessly withering away, but i'll never, ever tell.
Feels like Seattle was just annexed by Narnia.
Hate-mongering and misogyny? We'e got enough of that already, so no, he would not be missed.
No, I didn't watch the draft. It was boring Michelle. She would rather watch DVR'd Hot in Cleveland
LOL I was playing Draw Something with my dad and he drew my favorite singer really badly... Hahaha
The most important part of a development project is citizen engagement -
More time on your hands you see ;-)x
why does twitter unfollow people randomnly #???
Been in traffic for 2 hrs n still in fuckin GA!!!!! Ugh!!!!!
Holy switchbacks! Up Logie Trail on the #YamahaR6 and every bit as sore as if I'd pedaled up.
#BOSTONBRUINS lets get it
Exciting to see the fresh, young faces of
I hate Adrian right now.
The players are back on the field...we are ready to go for the 2nd half of
that special you did hit home hard, I went through exactly what you did minus the stardom
#FF , , and for all the best #Shakespeare news and #LAThtr happenings.
the illusion of freedom we live under, will only last as long as we're needed.
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Michael Pearson °Rising 8th °West Covina, CA °Travel Team: The Cove °Power Forward 5’7
Presenter mentions working with "Professor X" as generic example. Mind goes to
One more day until the weekend!! Who's ready? Join us tomorrow night for some beers & hand crafted cocktails! DM us for tables
oh, yeah! That is the worst.
where the drug cartel war is at its worst. did you see that 43 people were decapitated and left on a high way in Monterrey
There is a sticker with a QR code on my banana telling me in its own voice to: "Turn me into Yonanas."
man you know you gotta get residency to get real bread. Fam, think about your future, go over there and handle yours.
It's National Teacher Appreciation Day! Thank a #teacher today!
. #AAS3rdCentury What do you like about the paper? Ability to mark up like does to LLC?
"If you can't handle the bullshit you can't handle the truth." ~...Er-- I dunno, just seems like something someone would say.
where is this posting
no we gave up three picks to the vikings for them to just pick an OL like they were targeted to take in the first place.
The American one sucks balls!
The new and sadly quite boring website is now up! www.tenacitycircusarts.com
Amazing! You reached your goal and then some! Very inspirational! Can't wait to visit your food cart!
#ObamaDerbyNames "Glad I'm Not A Dog"
#WhiteSox #baseball And it's time to lam into the Motor City Kitties, ha-ha. The suspense is Skilling me; play ball!
not a Yankee fan but glad they beat TB and as long as u are happy then I'm happy
Great to see alumnus, Clare Van Fossen, being a leader for life with !
I do video editing.
John Carlson gets the goal for Washington.
ill have some tomorrow (:
yo thanks for the support. BK all day.
might as well stay up till 6 XD
"It's like they're going to pop out of an air vent if you improperly use their fonts."
Brewers are sending a scout to watch sheets... could he be back in Milwaukee?
hi; i hope you know who i am... last saw you at o2 during JLS run of shows..just to say ALTHOUGH i had ALReady downloaded ...
sorry, it's just what i heard, brah. can't help it if you guys got that rep (heard from an irish person actually)
The only ugly thing is not being confident about you're looks
I Want To Pillow Talk.
2night! Mr. Freeze Presents the Inventor of Scratching Grand Wizard DJ THEODORE at Revolution in 10pm Locals Free
I'm going to work earlier :-) I actually wanna work
Winners will be announced on 12/7! We ask for your mailing address info so if you are a winner we can send your prize to you ASAP!
... I'm sure it can be figured-out. SO good to get to hang with all of you -- much fun. Next time.
Just finished a five day refactor-that-code-so-this-is-easier-to-write spike, excited to dip back into backbone.js. New UI, here we come.
Oh, hey! It's my Friday! I almost forgot!
Love broccoli. Just had some 5 minutes ago.
Apparently, there is a stand-up comedy show at Polly's tonight.
Mega millions!!!
thanks so much - it will release this summer. not sure of the month yet
That's kind of hilarious.
Look at us on tv on the rockin our fresh new threads from go check them out!
i dot wnt u 2 b ma gal.
I hate dt when its humid all these lil mosquitoes b gettin all up on me wtf
I will read more before bed, thanks. RT : read a book. Puts me right to sleep.
thank you!
a seperated shoulder is where your collarbone comes a part form your shoulder
Best bathtime rule..'If you don't dry off, you can't be a superhero.'
After 2 years, Filmmaker Phillip Rodriguez has sought Sheriff’s files on Salazar killing. Suit now filed! Public has right to know!
I Remember When You Said Lotus Flower Bomb Reminded You Of Me <|3
Thanks to our amazing 2010 sponsors! www.hopeforfirefighters.org
Have a bless and productive day everyone - "You should know more today, than you did yesterday"
Looking forward to participating in North NJ ASTD meeting today about Blended Learning presented by Harvard Business Publishing. It is bei…
And i will not be answering lol
nobody told me they were running for anything!! Nd she asked me so i said ok *shrugs*
Saying the most funniest person is the most depressed is bullshit
You and me together nothing gets better.
I'm not knocking you for putting yourself out there, but for littering local businesses w/ cheap ass calling cards. /1
did he burst into tears?
Flynn, Winston and maybe a WR RT : at this point..what are the dolphins moves to make?
Perfect day for my man David Tutera! :)
I agree Drupal features are more flexible than profiles. Let me mix 'em up. That was a chief shortcoming of Commons 1.x.
I got your pain buddy.
Wow s/o to al of my new follower glad to have you
because of conformation , it sucked tho lol
Second tardy of the year..
Watching 'Luxury Million(z) Dollar Planes' on the Travel Channel. Incredible how much ppl spend on customizing their rides.
WHAT’S YOU SPORTS DRINK? Wanted to share one I found yesterday…there are different ones whether appetite control, energy etc. No artificial…
Look at this vato.
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. -Christopher Columbus
Yeah! Oh, believe me I have tried to work this out from the inside then I finaly realized I need to move on with my life
Our Mind controls everything we do! Get in control of your life by getting in control of your Mind! Coach Terry
girl im on!
what am i going to get myself into today?.....oh man!
With this tan I look Mexican...
Book signing Sold-out today ..Success On God's Terms.. to God be the Glory!!!
This time tomorrow, we will be soaking up the sun in Sobe :) I can't wait to play tour guide for you baby!!!!
have you posted part 9?
Taking 9 squealing girls to the movies (1 is mom) for a B-day. The joys if being dad.
good to meet you tonight. Enjoy Ur night
Going to wash my hair later tonight and crohet my hair tomorrow. Don't forget to look me up on facebook for new handmade ponytail holders!
Pls bring me a sandwich before spanish class
Simple language = clear message (usually)
The simplest meals are the best. Chicken & veggies, beef & veggies, or fish and veggies. You can't go wrong. No spices, just simple love!
will u pls follow me?? I have been trying since the second week of ABDC
Am trying to make you mine
Are you interested in selling your art? Foxmeadow Equestrian Estates 1st Spring Festival, Email for more info.
Listening to new album from It's a nostalgic, late 70s/early 80s pop sound. Sounds like playing with my dad's 8-tracks.
Me without Austin? Its like facebook without friends, YouTube without videos, Google without results and Twitter without tweets.<U+2665>
It's my life, I'm going to do whatever I want, Talk about me all you want , You ain't got nothing on me ^.^
I deaxnk a lot more than I thought I was lol
I think it's so weird how my real mom and my step-mom have the same name and at one point had the same last name.
your mercy is unparalleled ;)
Don't forget.....Celestial Steakhouse Happy Hour Monday – Friday 4:00 p.m. – 6:30 p.m. Drinks: $ 3.50 Well Drinks $ 2.75 Domestic Beer..
PPR question-- Stevie Johnson or Denarius Moore?
you just reached a new level of boss my friend
no Brewers game? It's a good one!
Does the passion in your words lack the validity and which to make them/it relevant?
#RUDYS IM SICK OF PAYING 4 EXTRA SEASONING N U STILL DNT PUT THE SE
possibly entire movement again. Fortunately, I've yet to be in this situation in concert.
That is the assessment and it's quantitative. Learning is much more qualitatively deep than mere test scores might suggest.
yea....I thought you might have came out, but my cell died & I couldn't hit you up. Did you go?
You guys are some highlarious motherfucker
#isastc rest and recovery is a critical part of creativity, empathy, and compassion
Why am I just now discovering polyvore?
Yoga and writing a feature film. Both things I don't know how to do but doing it anyway.
thanks for the follow advice. And not yet Friday!
How exactly is Blackburn a "giant" ?
Toast away the week with Cazadores here @ DISH! Cazadores Reposado will b offering complimentary cocktails 2nite 9-11pm! Come have some fun!
P.S. we really should get together sometime. Holler the next time you're around and free?
"Do you know where any light switches are?" "No. Dont you work here?" "they pay me.."
I'm naming this proposal Hoarders. Because this woman is making it a fucking mess and probably has a cat skeleton graphic somewhere...
Awesome! Congrats!!! I'm going up there in June but just to visit for now :) Where is your internship at?
awe anderson! Now you know that's a sad movie!
Only my dad and cousins would be talking about the asshole test at dinner -_-
I'm glad to see your going for the correct team!!
It's a great day to be a #Badgers fan!
we have a tool for your commercial realtors to find out if there is an environmental risk early instead of waiting!
i dont want to leave me in june :(
I get the same feeling! They're like "oh, I just guessed!" -___-
eek! where were you going?
Thanks! I'm following war's historical timeline - few more yrs to go. In VA soon, we should link up w/ & beers.
Your whole life waiting for a ring to prove you're not alone.
Everything is installed... cord is new. Drive is new.
you might be broke if... you have more Victoria's Secret free underwear cards in your wallet than cash & credit cards combined.
omg I wish I could join you right now
If you go there will be trouble...
Reading Tip: If you buy a book solely on the cover design, you do know the illustrator and writer usually don’t know each other, right?
For shame indeed. I have not been on Twitter as of late, but I hope to remedy this forthwith.
no, didn't miss anything but Pete got his ass whooped!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
momma why did i forget i got family coming this weekend and my moms bday party on sat!
Zombies! Hell yes! I'm happy!
When Bynum grows out his fro, I wonder if will let his hair grow longer and then get a perm?
I didn't know when you buy paint at the store they go through a whole process & mix it there for you. How inconvenient
RT if u awake
Today is All Saints Day. We honor saints that are know to all and those known only to God.
aw....misguided I see. Lol.
Me too poor Harry. Harry <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
yeah, you don't remember?
New duck recipe for mother's day.
that's like saying he won't suck a dick but he will hold one in his mouth for a minute. Wth?
BEFORE EVER AFTER?
sounds bueno to me! I have a salad in the fridge anyway
That one hurt a little.
your a butt head lol
great day to be alive...
If people don't talk about you behind their back, do they really care about you?
Thanks! Glad you found it useful. Any other topics you'd like to hear about in #PhxFocus? We're open to suggestions.
Although, for my part, someone is probably tweeting: "It's 2012 and someone is still putting 'Hang on Sloopy" on the jukebox'"
When your WHY is strong enough the HOW takes care of itself.
In old days books were written by men of letters and read by the public. Nowadays books are written by the public and read by nobody.
Some people get angry way to easily. Its aggravating!
Thank you for that! HAPPY WEEKEND! :D (Oh, is it ever an exclamation-y morning!)
thanks. just doing my part.
its on the website but i mite go on the 7th n jus go wit u on da 21th
I want freedom
I love love me by
haha, just went with my all-time favorite. "Only run 6 plays"...
Just cause she talks to someone else doesn't mean she don't think about you .
Every little girl came up to me saying hi. :o
Does the fact that you have never done something increase it's appeal?
c': i know. im not complaining </3 but it's been forever
who's speaking? (I used to work on the DocSouth project -- so this topic is near and dear to me!)
What should I do tonight... hrm
I just pray that your not still giving permanent emotions to temporary people.
“A wealth of knowledge is like a sea of opportunities”, Race Cummings.
Still in class? Awake?
Can anyone suggest a strong keyword discovery tool? Looking to expand into a new market and need solid research.
Me too!
coordinating. SPAR, CELDT TAG, STAR/CAHSEE TAG. aphabet soup much?
teaching is about making the material fun and relevant
Just realized never called me about UNT parties....
#RnBThrowBacks : Trey Songz : Just Gotta Make It
Enjoyed the #lostfinale last night. Very entertaining show. Sad to see it go.
Exactly!!! Its cute when he says swaggie!(: lol
Just send out my picture book manuscript about my facility/service dog Peanut. Hope I get some feedback --
RT i'm on the imagination diet
I sure hope not lol unless they get either Clayborn or Kahlil I could live with either of them
Is it really happening?! I've been joking about it with my friend, and we want a campaign a la Betty White and SNL.
i already am(:
Bynum need a hair cut.
There are no two sweeter words in the American/Candadian language.... Game Seven!!!! GO LIGHTNING!!!
The reinstated Cold War based off the which country produces the best beer..start your livers!
I don't believe shit Dillon says ever!
Will do. I may have free time on the weekend (May 19th or 20th) during the day.
Good & bad technologies for development bit.ly/oCkDIL MT #ict4d (also see link in comments re: EWB failure reports)
i believe he did for a min, but those yrs were beyond a blur... but notice he hasn't commented back.
“: Spicy tuna sushi roll with 2006 Blanc de Blancs makes everything even better!” Sounds delish! Enjoy
Actions are conversions, never forget it. Subscribe to RSS, PM people, act interested.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 59F FAIR
Scott Walker really stands out against the white backdrop of his ads, not unlike a tarantula on a piece of angel food cake.
#HappyBirthdayMamaSanders I hope it's amazing!!
Dude! Getting round to replying to your email. Cuts all over place including corporate. Swung by branch today--nothing changes.
"It's complicated when you gravitate towards yourself on the other hand it's hard to talk to anyone else"
Gorgeous, all three of you! :)
Roses are red, Violets are blue, here's 20% off our Valentine's Picks just for you!
Awh. I was hoping you guys found friendship.
RT : If you could add one thing to your smartphone, what would it be? <-Me: Smartness
loving my life
good morning Alex(:
Bought book entitled, "Good Boss, Bad Boss" by Robert Sutton. Has lessons for principals re: how to retain good teachers.
Don't let fear of success stall you from movement or momentum.
I love to transform everyday comfortable things in the most luxurious in the world.
I had it Bertucci's SO good and Very affordable! $4? YUM! Can make tons of it fresh at home-really simple
Forcing myself to eat
Thanks for the tweet about BrdsNBz!
Mini-marathon done! Boom. I just finished a 13.3 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
A true man does not promise, he commits. A true lady does not demand, she thanks.
This month is our 5th anniversary! Valana Minerals is 5 years old. How should we celebrate? Got any celebration ideas?
Its in bad taste if I'm only interested in being FB friends now because they just got arrested for doing a shitload of drugs on the job.
See ya later Lakers
Awesome time at Sig. Chefs w/ Now off to w/
Happy jive ass turkey day!!
bleh. maybe some cous cous, the food so nice they named it twice. so pumped that i bought the emperors new groove just now btw
sit at my boy house play the game and tweet you :)
Running out of belt holes on my belt, and its the good way
I love it as well! :)
heheh (; or i stalk austin's lifee
Yes, we'll be there! Looking forward to a great event!
same to you :)
Yeah, at the beach.
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<36
Your boobs look huge
That will have to wait until I get my new Mac next month :)
lmao you know they can't. Idk why they even try, it's pathetic and makes me mad lol
What is people
Hahahahahaha! Honestly, it was fucking hilarious. Sick all over the sofa!
Running better than ever - even in the Arizona summer. Let's go!
thanks! worth the time to build or acquire.
i can't recommend reading the 80's X-Factor run highly enough. it's just right.
it's kinda far from there.
Put the ball in Kobe's hands
Shooting today ://instagr.am/p/JaljQ6BPR-/
Yeah its all about believin, full steam ahead because I know the worst times are behind me.
I just like the explanation of the "thousand tiny cuts" - it's easy to ignore someone commenting on your chest size.
You too! Always welcome to stop by.
Kid: I left my card at home, can I get on computer? Me: No. Later, same kid: Did I leave my card here? Me: I don't see it. Kid: Can I Me: No
Wow, Bubba Watson thanked Jesus and was just about to go into an Easter speech and the video feed went out.
I know! Everything that's going on is all lies. The Mariah thing, the interview. It's just all really annoying and rude!
I'm having a club dance party in my car while we r waiting to go in for physical therapy hahah fuck you army!
Thank you! RT : America Recycles Day 2011! | RecycledPromos.com
I'm ready for Mr. Right to come in my life. Sick of the immature lame guys, I needa man.
You're welcome Sharon; As you know, it's all about networking, and sharing information.
Would love to get a count on the BMWs, cigars and bow ties among the douchebags at the
Pie! And Maria from Sesame Street!
what u gon rap or sing or talk shit or hum or cough or...
missing my administrative rights on my newly reimaged computer. Thank goodness help is on the way!
totally agree. We use Facebook for everything with our group. Gotta go where the students are hanging out online!
Oh, and GM results were finally revealed. David Fritzson will be General Manager of SFR next year.
I will certainly try. I wish you all the best. BLB says GL too!
Let's get three today #SportingKC. When asked, I replied "I believe that we will win." And if not, a rope, a tree to hang the referee.
I am proud to be God's child... Thank you Jesus
thanks man! Solid advice!
Sleepwalking RT “: I don't know I'm just as baffled as you”
Wish I woulda had time to get a pic. Oh well, back to work
New business models depending on new cloud technologies. Daniel Pink's "new MBA is the MFA"
Attention all rodeo riders, pick-up truck drivers and city dwelling mud sliders.. Sunday is Mother's Day !
Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner.~Lao-Tzu~
it was the first night! :/ I passed out as soon as I got home, so much for "laying down for 10 mins". Just woke up so going to
Nail art storms the runway
Honcho lifestyle tip #17 - A honcho sister is hard to find and it's up to the Honcho Brothers to find them. Until then..
i wish i can come meet you!!:) hope one day i can.
Good a Shit broRT Tonight was fuckibg great. #goodfuckinnight I'm gonna miss north park this summer...
It's me against the world, and the world is winning
Great time yesterday! Enjoy
Dean's is rocking some throwback Beck during load-in. Great way to start off the night!
LMFAOO!! Oh dear lord!
I know some of you had to of taken pictures with/of pat recently!! Be part of the scrapbook!! Send them to (:
lol i was never hitting on her lol do u really think i would try to mess around with one of my friends sisters nah nigga
Hornswoggle looks funny in that
Chain Reaction in Anaheim CA. TONIGHT! Doors at 7. Get there and lets do weird stuff.
I vote that we get the goon squad together and go to a pirates game!(:
Cause I Was Like Fuck You And Fuck Him Too!
Mario needs to do a mixtape so he can show boys he can sang the paint off the walls
i seriously cant anymore.
I had to look that up, although apparently it was "the social media trial of the century".
who wanna be my backbone , every nigga need ah spine .
Madonna halftime show "Like" it if you loved it
Gotta be..gotta be....
Would be hilarious if we allowed you to keep Braun and then MLB won a second appeal. Debating letting you just to see this happen.
Can #prom just come now so I can stop stressing about it...
for you, of course
Go Red Health Expo at Macy's downtown on 2/3, 11am - 1:30pm! Free health screenings, massage, cooking demos, fitness experts and more!
Thanks for the #FF mention :)
who in the admin?
:) It's almost 2 am :) & I'm still writing this paper :) I hope the overuse of smiley faces demonstrate my feelings right now :) :) :)
“: As an #Aquarius, Often you are not aware of your feelings until it is too late.”
stealing my quotes now? Okay.
#traveltip in order to get your carryon with you on your flight you better board early!
I love this weather. When I get to stay inside.
Argh, no. I'm sorry. Take my kids to school at that hour. 8, I could--but sounds like that's too late.
Right during heart of rush hour, Caltrans to close fast lane on Hwy 78 near El Camino Real; sinkhole the culprit
I'm obsessed with hair & make up.
I haven't still waiting, its good that u got urs =)
TY for the #ff mention. Have a great weekend!
Firm takes on Apple, Google, over voice patent
bad,'bout to give up
“: #Celtics Rivers: 'I told our guys Philly is Atlanta on steroids.' #Sixers”.
I went out for a taco and now I'm missing #SOTU. Ach!!!
i'm faded, faded, faded <U+270C><U+270C>
You were fighting the true war on terrorism. God I think that's insensitive.
got you! And I liked the video
Yes, saw that too. MT : A7. I was/am resentful biz came to that. Made me both more conservative & innovative.
my dad (not otherwise a sports fan) won a bet with his Boston cousin. lol.
Im runnin threw a check
Focus on where you want to go, makes you think you can do it not where your currently are. - Yusuf Tara
That's probably the main thing I've missed about twitter...dumb ass ppl..lmao
OK HACKER
My Day Off Today No Drama No Bullshit #GreatDay!
Why is it that boogers dont smell while they are in your nose but when you remove em they sometimes smell once they are outside the nostril?
thanks loves the feedback!
give me a follow, ill follow in return
Make more margin on your merch. Let us bundle your CDs, t-shirts & posters so you can pocket more $$ at the venue. It's what we do.
you ever feel odd & out of place being a black girl from the swside & having a daddy that like does shit n shit
they scissor more females and put dildos in their vajayjays for recreation
haha yes!!:D I really like you your so sweet and nice!!:)
"Things do not change; we change." ~ Henry Thoreau
Ate a cookie at 11am... gave up pretty early today.
Excellent! Will do. :)
you home?
QoTD: "That which we obtain too easily, we esteem too lightly." (Thomas Paine)
Terrific acapella group, Late Entry, entertains #AccessSportsAuction attendees.
With having a girls night. Going surfing tomorrow and finishing my video from
"Why would you be that person"
YOU KNOCK SOMEONE UP?!
On my ride home by the harbor, all I saw were Yankees fans. That certainly hasn't changed with the current team success.
I will come soon, I promise!
flashback friday
uh, ok
RT : RT : #Ohio efforts to create more #college graduates promoted & praised at event:...
I saw a bank sign that read 96 I think! Or maybe that was 2010. It's all a blur.
math final today. Just gotta get through this and then I can relax!
Wish I can lay out with its so gorgeous out! instead :/ lol
are you cape Verdean
HOUSTON - 7pm at RICE, 8pm Food Not Bombs, 9:30 Avant Garden. Houston YOU have a lot of cool options for a MONDAY night!!
I join millions of Americans in our #GreatDebate- there is too much corporate ownership in our lives. Corps not people.
intensive aphasia tx- no one talks about the neuroplastic changes in therapists causing them to improve their performance
It's no problem of mine but it's a problem I find, Living a life that I can't leave behind.
Headed to Florida tomorrow... "The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page." - St. Augustine.
can you use your ipod until i go to work?!
The band before us has R Patts as their drummer. I'm scared he's going to suck my blood
Come on kid. Your team is puss/ caps will own
Ben Folds Five just came up on shuffle on my iPod, looking forward to their "comeback" album and hopefully some more tour dates
Life will go on either way. Hugs to you.
Happy Friday, all! Do you have any plans for this weekend?
WOMAN: The most efficient money reducing agent known to man-kind!
we need to coordinate schedules better. Add me to your Google calendar!
lol i swear he is sometimes! hes crazy
remember Jeremiah's girlfriend Miss Muffet? She was pretty good with curds. And whey.
What Dylan just said >>>
haha, we'll let her know!
Lmfaooooo bri is a chocolate teddy gram
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: have been extremely nice as of last. Way better then their bad start
How about a P2P system where mappings are added automatically after being looked-up by users (seamlessly via their daily internet usage)?
Likewise! Hopefully we'll see you around again!
Europe is overrated. Even agrees, and he knows everything
It's cold in South Florida. I don't own winter clothes. Left them in MN years ago! Temp in the 30s & 40s....that's freezing for us!
Good luck and best wishes on your upcoming big day!
I've been up for twenty hours and had four hours of sleep.
I just joined , so it's hard 2 tell yet. But I think it's super helpful for freelancers wanting to learn the field.
what is jack manning getting into now?
Switzerland dodges that bullet! >RT "Bachmann withdraws her Swiss citizenship to make 'perfectly clear' her love for America"
going to dance! :)
u wanna cry what's wrong?
she has never climbed across a table and smacked anyone. So she is good with me
If you’re going to use social media for customer service, mirror your hours of operation on Twitter to the hours of your support team.
boobiana grande is still trending! RT for your New York fans!! :)
Man that shit was sour af
“: don't watch the Today Show. It'll Rot your brain. #momsruleTODAY”
Just spoke to Sue C, fighting the good fight in PA. Waiting for start of session on special needs dog rehab & adoption at #nokill conference
not so much, yo.
I'd like to go bobsledding once in my life
Happy International Women's Day!
thanks for including my post in the Network Marketing Daily. bit.ly/h2SB5y
To all you lovers out there, they're going on a summer tour! See you guys in
So awesome that Romar is incorporating a trip to Aziz's hometown during the Huskies' summer trip.
oh wow lol so cool
Might look at a different marketing plan. I had that ice cream in the early 90s.
hell yea
d^_^b
Sure is!
happy to help Pops
1954- The U.S. Air Force Academy was established at Colorado Springs.
Happy Veteran's Day! All Veterans get a FREE doughnut of choice today with Military ID. Thank you for all you've done for our country!
That promo was fantastic. (Shocking, I know)
is creeped out.
Hey Monina, hope all is well. You should consider adding a calendar to your site
Dukes calls my music "brinca brinca music" lmao she hates 2chainz :p
Your elected officials get paid a salary, your teachers...so I'm not authentic if I take part-time pay? Really? *side eye*
Cool. I will swing by
Thanks for the follow!(:
sounds delicious!! Good seeing you again, im sure first of many...also looking fwd to reading your review!
I just don't get it. When Rajon can get to the hoop anytime he wants, why doesn't Doc give him the green light...?
They bout to be real they still got a mean defense all they needed was offense they should be one of the best squads
U.S. Stocks held modest gains Friday, thanks to a better-than-expected consumer sentiment report, reversing an initial drop at the open
_kid best mentors ever
Today has been insane. I need sleep pronto.
LITTLE BOYS ain't worth it
oh lmfao i bet! I think we should go like after graduation(:
Could you make one for Claire she's not doing to good right now.. If u read the other tweets u will know why
I like his hat
where did you get that!?
will the international culture summit be open to your members?
Only the cool kids have haters...
First time in H&M and not impressed rly, clothes too cheap
Oh that's good...I'm so stealing that idea from you.
I love Mohawk Bend! I know you had fun.
If you go to work on your plan, your plan will go to work on you. ~ Jim Rohn
Good for you! It's only a matter of time before that $ starts rolling in for school :)
I've been great! <3 how about you?
No, I can't. When it first came on it was loud and very clear and when he officially started the sound left.
I wanna c the hunger games :/. Anyone know if its good?
It's pigeon mating season so they look and act extra ridiculous.
All I really want to do is sleep. And, not worry about anything. But, that wont happen for awhile .
I miss you more!!
All of the Coke commercials are making me happy. B5 doesn't get any love anymore. Especially the 3rd movement.
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....I. only taking good care of some very few REAL friends of mine :-) :-) :-)
Special child
Facebook, please don't ruin Instagram... Thanks <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> -
“Father, I am seeking: I am hesitant and uncertain, but will you, O God, watch over each step of mine, and guide me?” -St. Augustine
Off from work but still working...
It is that time of Birthday time
Experiment w/ in-class ?s for Adv. Res. Techs went well. Qualtrics displayed students' responses instantly.
If there's a cure for duckface, I'm betting it would be a good education.
I think your tweets are great. It was just like being there.
ha ha RT : a fairy dies every time someone signs up for automated paper.li type apps.. ;(
if you only focus on where you've been well then, you know how the story ends...
Don't forget to watch/dvr Jimmy Kimmel tonight, Anthony Davis will be on his show!
Look at Microsoft's Imagine Cup if you want to see student power
Wise words, Seb. Wise words.
“: Nothing can bring you down when you're #SkyHigh”
Waiting for to come home and see the glorious hole I put in his memory foam
"Technology is easy compared to people" -
That's what I want too. But if not the Pacers, then definitely Sixers! I can't handle another finals with ego filled teams.
thx for the follow, helpful financial site to find the best banking, mortgage, and insurance rates
has an amazing voice to<U+2665>(:
I'm pretty sure is a Disney princess.. its weird
love that club:)
RT A Jeremy Lin rookie card did sell for $21,580 today. Frame of reference? Most valuable MJ rookie sold in '09 for $82,000.
Ok, me and the other members of the band were thinking long and hard about this. We decided to do a music video/cover video contest.
Logan Seems Oddly Excited... Hhhmmmmm XD
Absolutely! From anywhere in this great city,as short or as far as you want to go! Low rates, low waits! 24/7 (206)722-7696
I'm swoll you ain't over here with us
Witness: From Dec. 2004 to Jan. 2008, Lally and Dimasi's phones contacted each other 86 times.
don't worry you & can come up every weekend to stay with me!
thank you for answering. You are the Best! Get those wahoos!
Could it become your dissertation? 2 birds, one stone, all that.
Nice work in Columbus. Good luck and have fun. Hope you get a chance to hit up Irving's Bagels this morning.
Just want to go home and sleep
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 33
ahh so excited to see at even tho he's not performing till sunday but at least lolla is tomorrow!
finna get me some shrimp :) and follow me back doe !
thanks for the SHOUT OUT!! <U+2665> Aoede <U+266A><U+266B>
WOW! On December 30th, I was named by the Daily Transcript among "San Diego's Top Influentials for 2011". Stay tuned for more in 2012...
what a crazy game!!
I's approach to #RDA seems to be support status quo, accept RDA records in system, but not using data in new ways yet
We're closer than you think(;
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Partly cloudy. Lows in the mid 50s.
so doesn't ever tweet back :'(
tweeps who were not U.S. historians routinely went abroad for their archives
I love #planetearth.let's go to Borneo!... or Israel
Says it all... RT : This is why we love our Dan.
Our pumpkin is growing a black mold on it. Good thing the design I carved was Darth Vader. Nailed it!
Just doing some follow up. Were you able to check the email? hope all is well!
Yayyy(: so then..we haven't hung out.
When will the realize just because Joey Crawford has an attitude and has been around forever, it doesn't make him one of their best?
awesome thanks for the info
that's fine. You'll learn.
•In the US, about 280 million turkeys are sold for the Thanksgiving celebrations
Bout to have a fun day at church :) #HappyMothersDay :):)
Its gametime, and for the last time in the regular season the lakers are in town... GO SPURS GO
foh nigga you rape your own mans in the butt.
yes tomorrows friday
You put together an interesting list. Props for King Buzzo & Dylan Carlson. I'm curious though, why Gossard but no McCready?
Spectacular! Thanks for sharing.
Errands before work today, my #libday7 is off to a delayed start...
Today's run along the beach was so beautiful. 1.5 hour drive was totally worth it for the water, the sand, and the date with my love.
cobra is so deadly that one gram of it
Music video shoot for Are You Gonna' Be My Girl and Sixteen Saltines Friday and Saturday with Joseph and Lozada. We need you :3
Man oh man where did this year go?
Tip i just want a plate before i leave ok bye! Lol
thx! And good to see u here too! Hope you are doing well!
I just thought of the cutest name for my future son
Badgers are making a run vs OSU on BTN. I hope they can pull it off!
And we miss you too!! Maybe you can pay us a visit soon?
Watching the Knicks these last couple weeks, it's amazing how much more open the floor is without Amare. Melo's elbow isos have benefited.
Im Liking The ICON Cristiano Ronaldo ;D
Just got home and saw that got verified finally, congrats Austin words don't even describe how proud we are of you :)
I had to find out the hard way that pimpin' is in fact not easy.
Is Zachy G still alive? Can I get a feature on my rap album from Zachy G?
We'd love to provide your breakfast tomorrow. We serve fried egg sandwiches, puns, and wordplay.
I LOVE U!
#Happy #Mother's Day! Para toda las mamas de #Mexico! Our #Mexican mothers, deje el trabajo, valle a festejar! Take a day off, celebrate!
are you working with ?
I am never completely full..
Has ur company done any special events n Atlanta? If not lets talk, perhaps my organization can help set something up.
Love is everywhere present always, just open your heart to receive it. Happy Valentines Day!
thank you so much!!:DD
Did u know? In 1938 some composers & arrangers writing music 4 movies, dissatisfied w/ lack of appreciation for their efforts, formed ASMAC!
The race. 39.3 is fun! 42.4 (add the 5K on Friday) is just plain Dopey! :-)
thanks for RT's at #SFIMA event
And He Got Me Thinking!
Amen! can you tell this Kanye; he just doesn't get it.
Were giving away a free iPad to one random user who joins this month(ends 8/31/11). Retweet and let your friends know! Drawing on 9/5/11
Gettin a flattop.
On cup #2. Cheers man! RT I raise my cup of coffee to you! Good Man! In the same boat!
also . . . hello again!
Taylor Swift shreds
Omg. started singing that song from Willy Wonka LOL
Happy Birthday to Khyla from
If you love it, fight for it.
I know those days! I just realized this morning at 5am that I was flying to Kansas City MO and not Kansas City Kansas!
Justin is my rauhl model. And no, I didn't just spell "role" wrong.
IMPORTANT: BROKEN CROWN'S RED SKY SHOWCASE WILL BE SATURDAY, JULY 2ND AT CHROME LOUNGE!!! THE Reader mixed up the days.
Just got home. Its been a wild weekend. I feel like I been filming forever!!! Back to work tomorrow,Memphis this weekend!!! I need sleep!
okay, got it! Thanks. I hate to admit I don't do regular TV, but that would be why I was out of the loop! lol
The study of history is the beginning of political wisdom.
Haha we need to have a sesh!!
Thank you Community Associations Institute!! Had a great breakfast and learned alot. Great organization... www.caiwestflorida.org
I will probably always love but it is time to move on! </3
I don't give a fuck, SPAAMMING MOTHERFUCKER. Eat your mommas pussy -.-
Why is Hannah Montana the Movie trending?!
Scott Gordon's club in overtime against Kazakhstan.
Let him go Drew Gooden ! My money is on in a fight with Zaza Pachulia.
Hey Jill, it will still be Nicollet Pothole :) We are happy to hear it's being fixed though!
Is your love for the Lord sufficient to give all your time and talents to his work?
Throw it up in the air, shake like you dont care, go ahead work it out now !!!!
My boy is looking good tonight... FINALLY!!!!!!!
Need more followers!!!!
It's Friday. I'm optimistic that we can make it through the weekend without another rash of violence.
Don't let, "I've never done that before," stop you from doing something new. Everything you've done in the past was once in this category.
yay pizza pin!!!!!
Happy holidays
totally not fair that got kicked off of the show because of stupid vinny!
<U+200E>1 Corinthians 5, "...love holds no record of wrongs."
see now that's what I'm talking about :) no excuses lol ;)
If you're at MMEA this weekend, don't forget to stop by our booth to say hello!
4/20/12 ya i going to smoke with my teachers
awesome thats exactly the info i needed ;-))
Dude, it's Metta World PEACE and he's a bad man!
Came home worked out and i passed out now i woke up and can't go back to sleep FML!!!
Speaking of Depressed Colleen, looks like my attempt at fence-mending was successful. That should make her feel better. :-)
The word of the day is: "Darkle" which, naturally, has the first example citing an excerpt from a Dean Koontz novella.
Head to head match ups don't tell you who is the better QB.
More taxpayers are choosing direct deposit as the way to receive their federal tax refunds.
Grape Stomp 09 results: 5th in heat. But from the new stomping perspective, I have new ideas for next year. Will see how Dad and Brian do.
Super seven Lauri! Great job! Have fun at W&D!!
#MaytheForcebewithYou ! The Force will be with NASA...always
#GirlsThoughtsDuringSex? "Im getting my nails done." "Tampons"
Hi all..just poped in...Popin back out........stay immaculate....and Shine on..!
San Diego! DJ All Nite tonight so roll thru!
thanks for the follow enjoy your day today
That's great to hear! How's the weather on your end? :P
nah, that's not weird. except the bit about maalox.... that might be a little weird. But who's keepin track anyways.
The Cupertino Starbucks put in a Clover machine. Aside from the burnt beans, a decent cup of coffee. Don't drink it at 5pm, though.
I'm praying that God will change your attitude and language.
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (4)
Pats are less than 4 minutes away from the Super Bowl..
All the cool kids go to BBC on north ave for dollar PBRs on wednesdays. how cool are you?
broke my hands I can only use mouth
exactly and his wife has a say and has told everyone she wants to stay. He's not leaving
Afternoon races are starting at 2:20 with 6min centers
Happy Mother's Day!!
sweet! you should def come talk to us over there :)
tomorrow's gonna be the longest friday ever..
yeah cause im just this little 16 year old gurl who is shy and quiet. i mean no harm or trouble
Moderate profits fill the handbag.
says I need permission. I just requested so.
and tell him he needs to get a twitter account ;-)
i'm soo happy (:
like This Providence may be my favorite band, but Mae is the band that really got me going with guitar. they sound amazing!
No! Not California Dreaming! Sing Hold On, ladies!
Get a good relaxing massage for the stressful holidays for only $35. call/ text 719-201-7640 for apt. located in colorado springs.
Crowd chants "Whose port? Our Port" accompanied by a brass band as they file into the Port Of Oakland
I got to check out the High Museum several years ago. It was great! Thx for your tips...
:: Five doubles/doppelgangers.
rock climbing at Rockquest at 6pm. Transportation available for first 11 students to meet in Seton Lobby at 5pm.
Yes, you should come to NM. Highlight ? Too many to count!
He played it the first time I saw him. It was incredible.
uhh all I know is it's off panama Ln From the 99 ha
Life is more than anticipation
omg really?? Should i delete them? I didn't mean for them to be either of that
just throw my bracket in the damn garbage!
SMOSH Set to Launch YouTube Original Content Channel Shut Up! Cartoons April 30 With Stellar Roster of Irreverent ...
NEEDED a Flash designer for simple conversion project next week. If you're interested, send me a DM.
I'm for breakfast with the artists. just walked in
yo you guys sharing a feta cheese pizza right now ?
Sting Pong all day long!
good morn love
California-wiz k
Great meal at Frantzén/Lindeberg tonight in Stockholm. Also enjoyed a great lunch at Dahlgrens.
omfg one direction put me in such a better mood christ
||Ukraine|| give me some cool music to listen to)
Seems like every bug in my game will pop up at some point when I'm trying to capture gameplay footage, got an unexpected QA pass out of this
trying to help the passenger next to me - he's bumming - currently on #4930 to DTW and trying to make connection in DTW to BWI
Whats the difference between a virgin and a washing machine? The washing machine doesnt follow u for two weeks after dumping a load in it!,
Give Evan some slack and let Lou walk is a good start IMHO
give or take a few years ;)
#Music is what feelings sound like. ~Author Unknown
another snow teaser headed our way
How many of you are filling out brackets this morning?
Ahead of the Bell: Budget Deficit
goes to HAM
You bet. If you ever find yourself coming to Portland, OR let me know. Open invite to visit with my class.
THIS SONG IS AMAZING. #SaySomethin <33333333333
Caller - "Stupid TV news. The groundhog said there would be six more weeks of winter so get over it and cover some real news"
what is set up?
S/o to the homie !! What's good bro!!!?
... U R such a SICKO, congrats on another win.
I used to believe that Ppl were born good until something life changing happened to them. Then I realized Sharks are born swimming..
Let me know when you'll be at !
just finished reading #thehungergames so good!!!
Harry Potter weekend... Greatest excuse not to leave the house
Eh is right, especially if Sale's elbow becomes more serious.
Only would say this - Pretty sure I've said 90% of the things on this list.
Look at the date. This was tweeted first.
speeds ahead with buy of rival ITIS, looks to reduce global traffic congestion - GeekWire
Spring is the season of optimism.
Please pray for Ryan Smoot's mother who had a stroke and isn't doing very well.
Truth is I miss You!
so far we are still still healthy...
happy birthday, Coach Booker!
Its this dude that like me and we were texting, and everytime we text i always almost called him my bae
“: It sure looked like it RT : Is that true. Did Chrysler Detroit ad show Madison protests?”gave me goose bumps
I'm trying to be proactive&reach out. Scheduling the time in my calendar
totally not my combo but hey it's & im going to San Antonio too!(: kbye. (:
Men are lying pigs.
Adobe should simplify product line to 4 products: Adobe Design, Adobe Dev, Adobe Motion, Adobe Sound. (via )
well im still in texas right now but im trying to head out to da beach around da 6th nd stay there for about a week
2 chainz concert tonight lets get it
"Astros just beat the cardinals! I gotta tweet that" - lol
As always, thank you so much and have a wonderful week!!
bryan finally put up the interview THANK GOD
A productive ass day.! Lets get it
Hippos are fierce creatures.
haha want some?
Great post, but shouldn't the title be, "How well does advocacy work?"
RIP Maurice Sendak. Thanks for a cool book and a relatively underrated movie based on that book.
Don't say "Put the dog down," why don't you say what you mean? "Go ahead a kill your dog because he has behavior problems"
Thank you. I am following you also
what's a gal gotta do to get a frogsuit?
VCMG is AWESOME! Sounds like the golden era of techno! Can't wait for the full release. If you rub your eyes hard enough, you'll see lights!
NP ...nice to meet ya!
Where are you?!
My life would b so much more peaceful if I didn't live under a unruly 4yr old...smdh
Patron driven acquisitions a big topic today
#iwannaknowwhy evrybody think they got some damn haterz... ppl ask ur self- "am I worth hating on?"- most likely not. Lol. W.O.R.D.
"Good acting is being private in public." - Diane Hardin
thank you! will get those emails to you asap.
I'm so sleepy!!
I've yelled at like 6perves so far! I needed you!
you arent cool if you say #YOLO its all about the #YOYO!
Do you have any questions about Permanent Makeup? Please feel free to ask!
looking forward to walking with you!
HAHA He is hot. I wouldn't throw him out of bed. Just saying. haha
thank you for the #FF!
the bitches who are now making get a different one. fuck off
definitely! i have my "home visit" at 530 so it will be on my mind.
I am standing in line at with a guy who keeps calling me "dude"
oh Linda thank you!! You have long been an amazing source of inspiration that means a lot!
girl, you have no idea
No, it still won't make sense!
is amazing<3
New Years resolution 2012..Unfollow people who don't follow!!
to be a star ya gotta bang bang bang
My book has been officially assigned an isbn and submitted to Apple. Adding published author to my resume and starting my next book tonight!
Huge result for Wigan. Sounds like the announcers for that game didn't take a breath for the last 10 minutes
After thinking about it, I agree! I'll be able to enjoy the rest of the conference without worrying about my presentation.
Im on that tip bitch
-- Love what you guys are doing with Yoke. Was talking to some VC friends in DC about this concept a few weeks ago!
miller park
ALL TEENS! THIS SUNDAY THE BIGGEST LABOR DAY BASH IS AT KRAVE NIGHT CLUB! CHALIE BOY PERFORMING LIVE!
This movie is dangerously close to "so bad it's good" level.
Come by the Comcast Call Center in Plymouth today from 12-4pm and check out the 2012 Grand Prix IndyCar!
I hate talking about it , but it's better that I do .
Just finished emailing access printing, , and about carrying Cavities Zine. Denver local goes national!
you could put pieces of the tape upside down on the table so when the cat jumps up there it gets tape stuck on its paws
that's an accomplishment in my book. :) there should be like merit badges.
Just found out that the SHOW tonight is FREE! you just have to pay to get in the theater.
Bad news on the auto insurance front...
I want ice cream!! Haha I just made peanut butter cookies. Trade off? :D
I am considering moving to Alaska in August... do you have any words of wisdom?
At "Lime" with and
I need a new hair brush .... Let's just say it doesn't look to good....
LOOKING FOR MUSICIANS FOR RECORDING SESSIONS TO START NEXT MONTH
BAHAHAH You're RIGHT. Its a conspiracy
Watching Captain America
How did Trey Lyles look?
effer. dlafjalf. Mouth guards are painful
Who has some moving tips for us?!
Current IPOD playlist includes Rise Against-Re-education through labor Gotye- Somebody I used to know The Wanted- So glad you came
If your an artist send me a link to some of your work i'll peep it and give an honest opinion.
#Lastdayof2011 family lunch at Olive Garden. Yum.
a plague on both their houses--the Birthers and the republicans!
It was going ok until she started talking about her family in Korea and started singing about fruit and connecting it to religion.O.O
What doesn't kill u makes you stronger
never that :)
maybe they're just afraid to be hit by a man that comes in at 6'7" 230...
Bust a nut smoke a blunt .
Varus - League of Legends - skins
So happy to hear we could help, keep on listening! Thank you
! Hi Chris!! I hope you are having a great day!!!!
I will be in paris earlier, entire trip is about a week: paris 6/4 then london 6/7th, then back to SF
u so sexy prod
Haha that's usually the case around here too. Just lucked out this morning!
Wait ohyeahhe died yesterday, BUT WHY DID NOBODY TELL ME!!!!?!?!?!
Of course, there are the blogs that have no content between September and December and then 10 posts on Dec. 12th (the deadline).
Joey Crawford on giving tachnical fouls: "I hate to say it, but when I first started, it was like giving candy."
Everyone falls in love sometime.
My friend was trying to go through a doggie door and she got stuck and her aunts dog came behind her and started biting her butt.
I am a very lucky man.
wait what happened?
Zoiks! Sorry to hear it...
I thought nice clothes are one of the perks of being rich? No one actually begrudges her nice clothes, though. It's just a game.
Rhapsodomancy welcomes submissions from writers or their publicists. Please note that @ this time, poetry submissions are recvng preference.
are you going to church tonight?
No motivation left
Is mama coming Sunday ???
That is literally 1 mile from where I was born and raised! Crazy!
Watching Rebirth bring the heat at maple leaf with and colonel mustard.
Chicago Bears Take Versatile Defensive End Shea McClellin in First Round: Fan&#39;s Take
It's December 30th. Do you know where your birthday girl is? We do. Happy Birthday to !
Not sure about this.... :) RT: 1/3 of follows me on Twitter. 5/9 if you count
Good meeting last night at ANC 5B, presentation by biz owner seeking liquor license to open new club next to planned Walmart site.
Great input – thanks everyone!
So you drive now!?
Never raise your hands in denial of the truth, even to appease authority. No matter what you personally believe, truth is all that matters.
Need to put together a Tough Mudder team! Don't make me start taggin you wieners!
Last Fri #real #estate word unscramble- auction. 2day's WORD:dierfed acm HINT:loan. behnd evry great man is woman rollng her eyes- jim cary
Preparing myself and waiting to my friend for Gym later
Good morning! Have you had a chance to look at the beautiful Rocky Mountains this morning, they are gorgeous!
working on a movie with Buffy star Tom Lenk! :) he's amazing!
”Man is not free unless government is limited. As government expands, liberty contracts.” Ronald Reagan
Now he's a member of our team at
Twitter, why are you so awesome? I throw down a challenge, and you guys are all "CHALLENGE ACCEPTED" and find people for me.
Looking forward to Chicagoans celebrating victory in the fall for one of their own! GO CUBS!
You know you truly love somebody when they hurt you so badly, but all you can think about it is the times when they made you smile
tornado formed right above me and blew out all the windows at Denny' s... Pretty crazy storm!
So you'll have time to train stomach for all feijao
. have fun in Miami (not) wearing shorts, (not) going to the beach, (not) clubbing, and (not) snorkeling.
Being naked in front of your pets…nuff said.
enjoying some rainbow twizxlers :-)
Andre Miller got that new born baby hair
Watching halloween 2 in the dark by yourself, isnt the smartest thing to do.
Love her!!
Thanks to the #ACA, as many as 31,000 children in #MN05 with pre-existing conditions like asthma or diabetes can get coverage.
Getting it together. Recital is coming up fast!
one of the more undervalued spokesperson options, NFL Sunday a ridic platform
Best part of today: Exec Dir says dpla unnecessary: We did it. It's a publicity stunt. #htcc I'll ask Darnton Tues if he agrees
Yes!RT As a divorced dad, I've learnd 2 value evry minute I spend w/my girls. Its moments–not milestones–that really matter.
good to meet you at #NCSRMR. Hope the $30 halibut is just as good in Boston! Safe travels.
The birds are chirping and im still awake ...
This weeks latest "Best of" Fla girls #soccer nominee announced soon. IS IT U? Send recommendations 2
Really weird day today. First time having a light saber battle b4 a presentation.
There is no intensity of love or feeling that does not involve the risk of crippling hurt. It is a duty to take this risk,
awwe I'm sowwy and :( why?? And yeah maybe Saturday
GM HAPPY MOTHERS DAY , at work, watching DARK SHADOWS
Buddhism expert wants science to rethink meditation claims
you seriously need to re-evaluate those shoes
THE LAND OF &!!
So glad I bought a NY Giants t shirt at Old Navy for $2 three years ago
thanks for your support, Janet! I hope you have a great Mother's Day!
Staying home today -.- Yay . How fun is this going to be . Someone wanna talk to me before i die out of boredom
We're here for you. RT Jailhouse Breakout Stout. Previous to #EABF I didn't know another local brewery that made good stuff
we trended for you yesterday :) because we love you!
new metrics in FB Insights ("friends of fans") should help marketers re-consider campaign targets & goals via bit.ly/n0MTps
I gotta get out of this funk... I worked too hard and went through too much to get to where I am now. No turning back!!
Follow ya boi!!!!
I HATE THIS SEASON.
I almost got suspended in high school because I had a biography of Sid Vicious that had a picture of him with a needle in his arm.
My stomach drops when I think about you being with someone else.
Master kush ! Fuzzy smelling deadly , my pocket hurts as much as my lungs do now lol
Let us know if u ever got confirmation on scab $ & source. Thanx a million! (What > 20 Sutter execs make!)
You'd think some coach along the way would have corrected Marrion's ugly jump shot form.
Working a double the entire weekend of mother's day. God give me strength.
Santorum daughter Bella back in hospital. From family statement: "family requests prayers and privacy as Bella works her way to recovery."
we never finished the episodes haha!
It was good to see you! :) RT : Great meeting at this morning! Tons of kids enjoying the facility today!
Determined to partake in this time around!
Thanks! RT Blown away by the new site! smps-chi.org
With my for a bit!
Follow for the latest news on the jobs and employment in the #sandiego region.
hey bro! Good to see you here
Notice yor're in the DMV area - Call us if you need more exposure and affordable promos for your music. 410.513.9199
so what would u suggest? MLS scheduling is hard enough w/o blocking out more dates.Very hard to start earlier or go later.
We Recruit: • Personal Bodyguards • Executive Protection • Skilled Security Officers •Event Security …Just Ask
On to another week. Finishing up a few in-depth stories I & others have been working on over the last month or so. What's on your agenda?
omfg just showed and she light died hahaha
Happy Mothers Day to our Moms in Heaven
where are you located? might end up knowing people who need interns.
Niggaz grab ya dicks is u luv hip hop bitches rub ya titties if ya Luv big pop #classicbiggie gone way to soon 1
What’s better than pizza for lunch? Pizza for lunch AND dinner.
I know she is. Ppl are just haters!:)
I just go home and it's 6:52 but Good Morning
RSVP: Creeper Sin Films
Cheer up <3 we will always be here for you(: #SmileAustin (:
I absolutely LOVE that you have a digital edition of the magazine!!! I miss working with you all! :)
Trouble with market research is that people don’t think how they feel, don’t say what the think, and don’t do what they say. - D. Olgivy
Nothing hurts me in quite the same way as a great story left unfinished
#Pandora playing all the wrong music , make me feel sad
On set of An Americans' Destiny for late night shoot and tomorrow a photoshoot for The challenger...
the irony also is its the least focused in terms of access and processing. eg.
Day 1 Dukan Diet. I will get back to you on this one.
In 1998, Sony accidently sold 700,000 camcorders that had the technology to see through people''s clothes.
Try our station, and my show
#SMBAustin : Technology is moving quickly and (policy) needs to catch up (on what is appropriate).
sometimes you second guess yourself
thanks sweetie.<U+263A>
yes sir [ASTR]
i want some ice cream lol its weird i know but i really do lol
Monday is the last day to save 20% ! Use code SPRING20 to get 20% off (excludes iS Clinical, DermaQuest & Dr. Dennis Gross).
at is on location in Miami. What a sexy city!
Okayy, so i'll socialize for 3 minutes then be back, 'kay? Kaythxbyee.
Did you see Shadow Cay at Times Square 5 days ago? If not, here's a picture ;-)
All the vendors have just checked in for Market Day !
That's why it's not very prestigious or significant to me I guess.
-- yes please! When's it on? I'm very excited about this film! <3
Great shoot yesterday for print ad :)
Srsly, sulfates in nrly ALL those shampoos! RT : Friends don't let friends buy haircare at drugstores. Tnx !
Great! I had trouble getting 4G in gallery, but love concept. We're using similarly at
Thank you! So glad you could make it out!!
RT : Job seekers make sure you check out #HFChat every Friday at noon EST. Great stuff.
I miss you, where are you and why aren't you here?
Schedule clarification: Full day workshops start at 9AM, Morning-Half day workshops start at 8:30 AM
I didn't know that you were in doing comedy in Austin this week. Good luck!
#Marr, Graveminder. Not a horror fan but enjoy a well crafted tale of passing on the legacy & duty of keeping a small town's dead in place.
When the task is routine make it habit. When innovation is required employ creativity. And don't confuse the two!
Information Literacy Summit at Moraine Valley Tech College. Just found out, they've stopped accepting proposals :-(
#FF to everybody who's cool
I need to stop getting sick! Blah!
Goodnight Loves<3
Losing sucks!
Mark your calendars for the April 23 PFO meeting at 6:00! Several of our HH students will be performing for our guests and families!
When you get older you learn married people make deals with each other. I think it was my dad that wanted kids.
where to advertise your business
<U+266C> Our Songwriter of the week is: Craig Wiseman, Wrote "If The Good Die Young" By Tracy Lawrence. "Live Like You Were Dying" by Tim Mcgraw <U+266C>
Quick, trade Holtby to the Hawks straight up for Crawford.
now your just copying my _______ lol
omg you're so funny
Was she ugly? Cause if so, then it should be really easy.
guy in the mustang driving next to me... ow owww
I have THE best uncle in the world. #BBN.!
#4Wordsbeforesex you can't handle me
Where did the #Occupysd folks get the Guy Fawkes masks? Wonder which evil corp is getting rich off that forward thinking capitalist idea?
Stop when the red light flashes. Oopsie daisy, my whole life crashes.
If she goes back to you after you've hurt her time after time, she's stupid for going back and you're a douche for putting her through that.
Did you know on February 3 1870, The 15th Amendment was passed, granting blacks the right to vote?
Aint nothinggood to do in the auditiorium so music.
Great way to end a qtr
Conference call ova. Winding it down.
lol, true.. I just wish more blacks were walking across the stage.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash on John Nolen coming from the WB Beltline. Use caution in this area.
wonder what the right approach to communicating with them would be
Going to see Anthrax and Death Angel tonight!
": Tough L, we will bounce back though! #WHODAT" don't worry; the Saints will be 14-2!
i LOVE coffee... m
1927- The first #Volvo automobile rolled off the assembly line in Goteborg
I don't even know what the hell that is
What about bok choy? I wouldn't risk choking with just anyone
I just Wanna smoke my leaf and drank my drank¡!
Beware Rose will be tweeting soon too... RT: Hey Bry hope you are having a fun Xmas Eve!
The biggest mistake you can make is taking it all for granted & thinking it can never end
Can anyone tell me where spring went?? Because I just can't find it.
wtf. See you then. Maybe I'll have another pool party
Thanks for the RT!!! I'm sure my nephew thanks you as well!!! GT
1st time mamma yogi has ever been quoted via mass media. Document it today is a good day...Lol!!!
fyi, I used to blog at effinglibrarian, but closed that and moved the stuff to the effingarchive. now I post at censoredgenius. ok?
It's Not About Were I've Been... It's About Were I'm About To Go.
no I do not know what it stands for
"Every Lady Vol player who has completed her eligibility at Tennessee has graduated."
Life's lessons beat Harvard! "I spent the first part of my life going to school. I spent the second half getting an education" - Mark Twain
Indeed a best one. RT : Yes! Fine advice -- Salter's A SPORT AND A PASTIME is one of the great erotic novels and much else.
He really needs to learn there's a time to be funny, and there's a time to be serious.
NO, I love that color!!!! No regret, it's very Gwen Stefani Return of Saturn!
I'ma Tell Him To Give It To Her. But If She Fucking Texts My Phone On Some Bullshit , I SWEAR She Gon Get Her Feelings Hurt.
On the road 2 Orlando this morning already. Gonna b a good week with my boys and
The world may have stopped turning at the office. Both coffee pots are broke.
how bout those seahawks
Good nite adam!
i will be sure to be there. do u know where it will be?
Machine in question (#1301) at driggs L is still not working MTA, thanks for the updated lie that it was.
I want to buy the outfit that the girls who work at rubys resturaunt wears so I can wear it while I cook :) aha <3
no, just old school paperback. I have This Side of Paradise, the Beautiful and the Damned and Great Gatsby.
Thanks for the add!
DESIGN type and size of monitors
How are you doing what are you doing.(:
just checking on you. Well God bless!
Nice little tote fort you got there. :) Yeah, about that...check out our soft tote option under "My Account"
FB is boring me! I'm an early bird every day but trust I'll be asleep again by 9:30 lol
Nothing is ever lost or can be lost.
I hope drake is there...
we drive the boat slow put in or big trouble hooks and jerk the poll back and forth hopping to snag them
Not sure I know what you're asking. Did you get the wrong version?
Local fans of #Fashion. You'd totally love the #KentStateMuseum just a short drive to Kent, Ohio. It's filled w/ styles from over the years!
Defense: Feeley can't testify to substance of phone calls; Prosecutors selected dates, events for her to research.
Where do Kate and William like to go out? We take you live to London... at 11.
It is great to hear that. Sorry, misunderstood.
its a lazy list...he basically gives gold stars to Borges for not screwing up Denard
I listen to our favorite song playing on the radio hear the dj say loves a game of easy come and go but I wonder has he ever felt like this?
am i more unhappy with Like A Prayer or Bills, Bills, Bills stuck in my head?
Just surprised my mom (in VA) for mother's day! She is very low key so I think this was the most excited I've ever seen her :)
just applied for a CSS position and am currently manning the circ desk at Pretty good day thus far.
ok, so, like, you ARE going to tell us the restaurant, right? (she says whilst wiping the drool away...)
Sydney I'll come running #BrettDennen you've done it again!
Yummy thai food with today at my last #streetfair as a student at the UO. This is definitely the best time of the year!
Quote from actress on set after everyone stared at her in confusion and disbelief: "Oh, I changed my lines. I didn't tell anyone."
Got some beats for me?
Gross. Spanish.
grrr.. your #beast :D
The tracking illicit financial link freaked me out. It started downloading automatically. Then I saw it was a PDF. Whew!
Enterprising journalists are EVEN NOW checking other Komen grantees to see if they're under investigation, right? Consistency, consistency.
It's Friday, tweeps! Raise your mouse if you've had a long week!
A. Keep all text layers editable (don't flatten or rasterize)
I love his talent but he is a pussy! Between him and N. Morgan there isn't enough hot water.
MT Want to thank the #KUbball team for a great season? Sign the thank you note in Thursday’s for $10. Call 785-832-2222.
thanks man!
Eff the world. Americans are just obese. Glad I moved back home for summer. We have a gym. Too lazy to leave home, haha.
I'm greatt!!! Haha!! Thanks for asking!
I like it too! And I dunno since she's preggo.
Not being in school >>>
You're wrong. It completely sucked. Signed, every real fan who would have kept him from catching that ball.
Seeking #RubyonRails Developers for full time position. Contact me at to learn more.
If everyone is putting a person down, who's lifting them up? QUOTES FROM HOW TO STOP BEING A HATER!
the package has been delivered
This is your best * love you!
Two hours and 20 minutes. I need some #beer to calm my #nerves. Is anyone else this #anxious about the #game?
are you staying in Tampa?
Could murder a pint so...
I almost just screamed at a public library when i found out is following me
Up next, bering sea gold!
ouch, I deserved that! ;-( ... Now smack me harder.
Staying home
when you coming to nyc kid?! i miss your creepy ass lol
Im bored outta my MF MIND
#Clippers have a collective basketball IQ of 32 out of 100..that excludes
Latin night at The Grand Bohemian tonight 7-11 in downtown Orlando Florida
Very annoyed there's a hold up posting full ep video from last nights 2-hr #SweetHomeAlabama know at least one guy cries <-- makes me laugh
I eat so much I need to start eating healthy again
"I am an Optimist. It doesn't seem to much use being anything else" --'Book-An Enemy Called Average'
Read my TM
Thanks for the symphony!
Greatest challenge for women business leaders... Staffing.
happy early b-day! we love you!
four million followers! Nice video haha
I still have PTSD from that video.
Achilles injuries so freak and unfortunate. Already dreading backlash at Suggs by some b/c he was playing bball. Total freak thing, folks.
CHAPLIN, a new musical about the life of Charlie Chaplin, will open at the Barrymore Theatre on September 10. Previews begin August 21.
I'm in Strengths Finder training today watching some of your DVDs and getting so much from it!
It's been a week - the most excited for wine with tonight followed by some book club action (read: more wine).
help me get out of schoooolll!
Like us on Facebook and get free delivery on your first order for the meal plan of your choice.
Up early for Grease rehearsals! Long day coming up!
Im so bored! i wish i could get a follow from all the celebrities and non celebrities i want! :P
im so bored. asdfghjkl
heey(: follow me back?
Alanis Morissette iPod? Okay, let's ride! :)
Thank you, Obama. Let's keep moving forward.
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 8
amen. You are one of the best motivational pastors, amazing!
Tavern of the Game. Houston. Home to the Lesbian couple where Rock mistaked one for a guy. "Looks like that young man is locked in tonight"
What's everyone doing tonight for the anniversary of my first menstruation? Feb 9, 1991. Period Party!
shaving is happening today whether i like it or not.
#FingerTutting really hurts your hands after a while...
It's crazy how our body work, it's time I have faith that God will work wonders on me this after effect pain is no joke. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
best tweet I've read in a long time
Hey , how about a RT of our #pollen count? 3-27-12 Tree Pollen- 1,287 High(Pine, Oak) Mold Spore- 1,049 Low
How do we submit for distribution?
Chillin' w/ & her momma' watching tv!
I gotta feeling #today is goin to be a good day.
When one cup of coffee won't cut it, drink another.
It has all the rookies I have found so far.
haha, no reason to be, but I am pretty excited about the prospects...
: Thanks for the welcome! Yup, I'm caught up on #allrecipes chat. #slowcookers = great topic, esp. since it's raining in SanDiego
Missing my bb keyboard. Looking for the fat finger iPhone app.
More Homes 'Underwater' in Struggling Economy
im stuck in the house.. y not drink ?? lol
I was twerking in my dreams.
AH I miss her so much. Let's hang out not this weekend but the weekend after(:
nothing. goodnight, sweet dreams. take care.
Too Close for Comfort was Jim J Bullocks coming out story
GO FOLLOW ! SHE WILL FOLLOW BACK!.
A follow would be great?(:
how about the classic CU VS CAL that game was epic !
Thank you :)
People like the number two.
Last call #Hollywood Young Circle. 30 more minutes to enjoy #coolhaus tonite. Come, no run!
Watching the fire burn... With a <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA> in hand...
Loving you has made my life so beautiful.......#Sike..!
RT Thoughts on D. Hobson of new mexico ??
where's the book signing?
#SouthAfrica continuing to market itself as a value for money destination to #American travelers in
When will I ever get around to typing up these reviews? *spanks hand*
Never understood what subtweet meant.
“: What's the point of a phone if you're not gonna answer it!!! <U+E40E>” #whatmydadALWAYSsays <U+E40A>
#HackedbyMamaMahone best trend ever
he puts up 20 every fourth game. name one all star that is that inconsistent
Beautiful Hello back at ya Melissa! How's your week going?
I'll say this for us: You don't see our shit on Maury.
Pop and Hip-hop music are really coming together. I love it.
Doing homework till i past out <
Yay!!! So glad you liked it!!
Be sure to always give the glory to god
It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul
Giants start training soon! FEAR THE BEARD!
If I tell my dad about what happened today, he'd be pissed at me for not breaking dudes jaw.
After reviewing 20 faculty CVs, I'm pretty confident that I could make a lot of money formatting their citations for them. So many
A series of unfortunate penises
Great legal update on the state of interactive marketing law by
yes come with me and !
u should. What bday events u got poppin and where?
I pity those who make up horrible stories about themselves just so they could grab other people's attention.
ha ha Houston/Austin/San Antonio mostly.
calm your fucking nuts
Research milestone: added 3,700 brand-related contacts to The List Online in August, pushed total # of contacts tied to a brand to 26,800
Follow my new account
Thanks for the follow ! Hope to see you at next week's event! For details/to RSVP, email
Was good my boy.. Ayo how can i get beatz to you.?
Darnnit! I forgot to bring 1Q84 to work with me. Now I can't read it at lunch :(
4 more days and the visa is mine
It always starts raining right before I have my 45 minute drive home. Thank you weather.
Skunk sprayed my dog and my whole house smells. Now I'm staying at my boyfriend's, but I can still smell it. :/
Sometimes you have to leave what you thought was good behind in order to have something great
"Work your butt off....There are no short cuts to hard work."
purchased #watchthethrone today..
After a year of working on I'm watching friends shoot & share What a great warm up for
I gave her to him bc she needed to be loved. When you come home next we will go steal her.
Love Rihanna.
I bet Derrick Rose hates seeing that Adidas commercial come on tv.
Sometimes I'm just like hey homie can I get a courtesy flush?
"Art without commerce is a hobby" - so says Haskell Wexler, making a personal appearance on KPFK to support their current pledge drive.
campaigns of note: Family Advocacy by & anti-smoking by McKee Walrick. both effective w emotional impace
Wave goodbye…to chances of catching a tsunami before it strikes. Support the Tsunami Watch early warning system
hey! You said we were going to russia!
My mom is going out of town for the weekend and I didn't even get to say bye to her and now I feel like crying loL
I bet the Santorum family is covered in tattoos.
Lucky yuuu !! :) well school is over basically, just have finals next week... & im single haha.. thats whats new
tweets brighten my day seriously:) he's one of my idols. Id be honored to meet him!
Y do we love love but Love seem to hate us...
"Hey, Aunt Kim, will you HELP me make pumpkin pies for art club tomorrow?" turned into Aunt Kim making pumpkin pies for art club tomorrow.
Thank you but not presently - perhaps in the summer...
i want to cuddle. right now.
I am so glad to see back on Twitter. You lively up the place Chris!
As you walk and eat and travel, be where you are. Otherwise you will miss most of your life. ~Buddha
Every time I get that feeling Bow there it go
i think i have poison ivy.
I know. I'm so bad at tweeting from the road. Need a phone with good camera!
Congrats, Jesse! DM us with your address and number. We can deliver them to you this week.
Touche. Very crowded and everyone complains about how expensive it is.
thanks for following
Starting my day off.
I'm fantastic....in a hotel room in sacramento at the moment...driving from seattle to phx lol
A man w/ rage issues becomes an Avenger. A woman w/ PMS is given tea and Xanax.
is a faggot with bad internet connections.
MAHOMIES GO AND FOLLOW SE IS TRYING TO GET TO 2,000 FOLLOWERS BY TODAY! AND SHE WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK IF YOU ASK!! GO GO GO!!
Want a #naturist special getaway $100 per night visit us
Wow, where on Long Island is THAT? My LI house certainly isn't like that. Enjoy!
How do you use service learning in your classes?
I'm so curious! Do you feel comfortable enough to be specific?
Amare Stoudemire with the "let him eat" motion after two beastly moves to the rack.
nvmm. Like month day year kinda date
do you think other people abbreviate fallopian tubes?
We're happy to work in either type of community! Have you noticed a preference for one or the other?
Well aren't we just two spoons of grumpy in a bowl full of bitchy this morning..
jus had cut
Just smile (:
WELL NOT ANYMORE, JOE. friggin blabbermouth.
Qualified traffic is great, but acquiring customers is far better
please follow me
I'm aiming right at you....
I'm going to new york on the 5th
hey shitter you still have to swim tomorrow. Ps bring me home some
#bertuzzi great goal!!!! Knew youd have it
the pack of course...
If you want to meet me tomorrow up there we can work it out then
did anyone care about the launch of bing.com?
Good night.
I know it's going to be a good day when I peel my clementine in one cohesive peel:)
Music is what keeps the oceans in motion! :)
MARCH MADNESS! Just f'd my bracket up...
#ThisSummerImTryna be fit y'all
Happiest birthday to !!!
DJ txt kickin off the night
Good show. Winding down w the fam. Truly blessed to have such a great group of people who support me and the Chase for my dreams.
Hi - I won't but I do feel bad for the pain. That's no fun. And I watched HTV today - WOW.
We have a daily lunch box special!
It is something I get paid to write about, though, so what else is there for me than to engage readers? I know it's trivial.
North Korea threatens to attack South Korea, US. www.tncnews.com
- There's lots of good Robyn, every record. :)
Hi! We have offices in the USA and Canada. Send form to the address in Tennessee. Taxes are extra. See you in Israel!
I want one direction to do a singing so badly here in Miami I hope they do I will do anything for that to happen!!
Peer reminder: if you float left, don't forget to clear (as needed)... have a great day!
Just checked that out! Pure mastery.
Always will
Then, church yesterday was fun. I got to celebrate this whole weekend with my mom and grandma. I wish Izzy was alive to see it though....
I really don't want to be allergic to work.
okay giving up. NOO,don't give up.
I prefer to think of him as a prequel.
DOWNLOAD ALL ABOUT THE STYLE NEW SONG FROM __DA PROJEKT___ DONT SLEEP NEW MUSIC AN ITS FREE YEP FREE
Today, i didnt care what my hair looked like.
Mill Creek mill creek or hookah bar Friday hm .?
I would aim for Young The Giant-awesome live
- Light and wireless, shoot to iPad or right to cloud. Live streaming from same gear. G3 w/ EyeFi may be the trick
Today in 1979, the South Beach Deco District was placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Uh oh ,seems to be a technical malfunction? Always warn the poor soul at the bottom of the column...
It makes no since for a man to rape a innocent woman when hoes are out here throwin they pussy all over the place -,-
The amount of TV I've watched in the past 24 hours is ridiculously unhealthy...
what are you still doing up man? I know you have queries to performance tune in the morning.
I don't know what I would have done without country music. Its just makes me happy! ;)
Bitch I’m the bomb like tick tick
#IRememberwhen I was in elementary school my teacher would give the class PizzaHut slips to get free pizza <U+263A>
I'd be interested to know how you like ifttt. I'm trying to get control of my online life, too.
RT re-straint (noun): not opening the #ipad box I received because it's meant to be a Christmas gift for the whole family.
Were you on the guest list? The list was full, so a bunch of ppl who showed up hoping to get in got turned away.
I was trying to protect my credit card from shock. But I have to figure out alternatives quickly
aww man I needed to laugh dis weekened too I guess lajaun will do
it a beautiful rumble in nyc thursdays at tavern on the green. click models host our event today 6pm-1am...
agreed. Good game, at least you admit your inferiority.
When u win u trendset. shld b rocken that nxt yr!RT : Can't wait to see her outfit for the Finals
even when a individual is hurt on the inside ..., still be kind and it will pay off one day!!!`
hello world
Glad you find those BookScan Stations helpful !
#20ThingsAboutMe I live in new york
i need more followers..but i aint stressin it cuz the ones i got are beasts
Thank you for bein an inspiration to me to not give up my dream(: you're the most amazing actress in the world God bless!(:
maybe Cody wearing a defeat the label sweatshirt or something?
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had no idea how addicting it'd be.
You know you're a redneck when, you take a load to the dump and you come back with more than you took!
Doesn't hurt it at all. Possibly helps.
Bigger & Better things Teondre Better & Bigger things <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Happy #CincodeMayo, #Vegas!
Side note.. Can we force Maya to join Twitter?
YOU'RE RIGHT UNDERGROUND MUSIC IS REAL MUSIC INSTEAD OF THAT MAINSTREAM TRASH.
If you're willing to try one more Mexican restaurant in Ohio, consider this note an invitation.
wat does ur workout consist of....
My life would be so boring if I knew what I was doing.
Round as a apple, shape like a pear, split in the middle and covered with hair! What is it?
Thanks for hosting our meeting today. Wonderful to visit your space, as usual!
I'm downtown @ the Hard Rock, about to interview John Cho, AKA Harold of Harold & Kumar.
Either something awesome has to happen or else I'm hittin' the sack
You guys, Veep is the most awkward show ever. But so funny.
Who was it? Somebody in the group? What are their initials?
Another great article
I have so much to do, but that's a good thing!
wasn't swag....lol! Just nice peeps ;)
Boys That Smell Good>>>>>>>
Also, you kids make magic happen out there, yeah? Pics or GTFO.
I fall for you more and more every day, is that a good sign when your dating another girl?
Aurora's three-day-a-week watering restrictions start, May 1. Watering must occur after 6 p.m. and before 10 a.m.
Hammerheads Game @ 3
you know it dude. Interesting folks
A 5th grader just told me she enjoys the , I feel good there is still hope in our young people.
i miss you already!
Tear tear tear
I log on after a month to see Baltimore ppl seriously comparing to Orioles dot com pro Os writer? All time low CC:
"THEY GON' LEARN TODAY!!!!"-KEVIN HART
Snack Sabra Classic Hummus W/ Pretzel Crisps, Poland Springs Water
You're the only person I know who consumes more caffeine than I do.
I'd like2 thank all my awesome followers for the support ,recognition, love, and graditude, It does not go unappreciated. power to the peeps
RT : Remember, tomorrow is our 5k, limb drive and jersey auction at The Brick in
Conversation hour with Johannes Britz, Interim Provost and V. Chancellor--positive comments about internationalization of UWM!
A man passed me today riding an old-timey bicycle...as in 1870s old-timey. It was extremely peculiar/awesome. Related note: I love Denver.
oh yeah. that's a gorgeous stadium
Never regret falling in love, cuz it was every bit worth it. Trust me:)<3
YOU are amazing! I'm so very happy that you came back with me. I'm glad I get to see the beautiful face everyday.I love you <3
#Libra MB guy of the day: Prodigy
n00b notes on oil #painting #2. Plein air? Tone canvass to match! Blue gradient sky & tan land fits most vistas.
Come in today for our NEWEST Creation: Cookie Cakes. Our signature buttercream icing between Oatmeal or Chocolate Chip cookies. So Yummy!
Left even more confused
Well, Today was great! c: Got my sheet music for show choir auditions c: so excited! ;D i'm gonna make it I have faith in myself!
Prediction: The iPad3 will be long, thin, and worn around your neck like a slap bracelet.
she hit me all the timee
Today is my 6 month anniversary with my boyfriend:-)
Dragged myself out of Target. Left with nothing. I rule. Or something.
wish i cudhang out wit u!!!lol
you definitely can. Lol!
Cards take Michael Floyd.
Tip #173: The scary thing about love is that it has the power to make you extremely happy one day and rip your heart out the next.
WHERE ARE YOU. YOU ARE NOT RESPONDING
Truth RT : . you are a phenom. No other way around it.
If only MKE created new jobs and better schools as efficiently as it issued "wrong side of street" parking tickets on the 1st of the month!
Transcendentalism. Just thoreauing that out there.
Take us to the front of the line. Why yes I will.
It's staring to snow!
good thing our division sucks
Oh Kate Nash, who wronged you so bad!?
Take your dumb ass self somewhere with all that bull shit
be encouraged I'm sending love your way!!!!!!!!!!!!!! be healed Josh
Who is victor cruz?
Where did this comeback come from?
Thanks for the bday wishes! You're my favorite lady date accomplice too! :) See you soon!
We're out of toilet paper. Do you mind if we use your movie?
every day i always see a beliebers dream come true...when is mine gonna come true? all i want is a follloww:)
this compliment is too big not to pass on! Baltazar Just said u look like Sophia Vergara :)
I'd tell you to stop by the site and look at our Actor One Sheets, but you're probably all at "The Avengers."
what did you DO?
I just had a good spot in the school parkinglot…then i saw who car it was by && kept driving
Thx ..ill be at #thebox sat n sun! RT : At the game keeping 's seat warm for him
Slept my hangover away.. I feel great now! Like i could run a fucking marathon!
Thanks. I'll pass that along to the team. We program it exclusively for you. Didn't you know that? :) cc:
A run to the beach and a walk on the beach and hopefully I don't run into anymore pissy people who think they own the beach.
nice dance moves! :)
At the end of her story, 10:00 news? Man, pretty sure I was paying attention. Oh well. Apologies to Piaskowski :)
Surgery in an hour. Wish me luck!
I just don't know what it is.
Let's get up next week...
Yes we do lmao! RT : I got people for that remember? ;b
that was THE best episode! Always love a good makeover especially with the hard to find more natural products
please RT or write back to me... that would mean the world to me :D i love you so much you are one of my fav country singers!
Pedro's double finally plated the Bucs' 100th run on the season. By far the last team to reach 100. And yet, 17-18.
this is twitter. Should've said "corpulent," but had 140 characters to describe a fat, bald cop.
I'm shamed by knowing what app this is and having only ever used it twice.
Porsche Design Driver&#39;s Selection Debuts Speed of Sports Collection
Hello! What's up, man?
hahaha I love you
Had a great meeting with last night for the Mentor Program! Mentee application is also now extended!
You can have a try. #OnlyOnce: if you screw up, then Farewell.
My mom is draining me printing this whole Whitney Houston obituary out
": gets award for best city drunk driver haha"lol I swear I deserve it. I was fuckin sleepy and recked.
Tell me who did I leave behind ? #Club paradise
That's funny. I was at The Dunes when that tip showed up.
Thanks Dave!
Laughing! I'm still in ATL. I took the picture when I was home for Christmas.
Can not believe the #Duke comeback. Need to remember this come March Madness time.
I can make my Money Flip, And ion have no Degree...
re:duracloud, putting uncompressed video on drives to send to AWS is a pain (and probably not worth it).
oh thank you!!
I can already tell this is going to be a very fun fanbase to be in lol
I believe it,and I love the state of WV! Travel it often just to see the roads and the lifestyle,the scenery&people r real.
What if what you thought was real, isn't real and what you think doesn't exists is the only real thing around you?
Life is the thing--the song of life-- The eager plow, the thirsty knife! CONRAD AIKEN, "Youth Imperturbable"
Id have to go with the wright brothers
yes then I will fight Matt
Lmao! I was about to tweet that xP
sup twitter and ya boy to skype for live artist feed. skype id: jamalballard
Sleeping at tha to nightmares of tha bottom
#FollowFriday - Thanks for the #FF mentions, & ! Check them out, give them a follow!
Look up the name Purp and see who really put it on the map. I'm kinda known around the world for this music
Clearly, they asking for 12 minutes of stand-up.
which are the best cruises?
I just wanted to check in with u and see if we're good for May 17th 8pm-9pm for the education discussion??
Longview Police say bicyclist shot in the butt by a passing car Wednesday was struck by a pellet, not a bullet as orignially thought.
sure...writes for 5 minutes, walks around for 30...
i wish quick had a fancier mask
My eyes still burn -__-
I wish I was in Ny with u
Join the music revolution!
Peace up, A TOWN DOWN!
Q2. A new dawn to guerilla marketing, but there are positives
Do [not] watch science channel stories about the size of the universe. [#inferioritycomplex]
Cool. They don't disappoint. Ordering online?
not sure #Bigsister's problem is as much with memory as with eyesight. See no evil... You know, that sort of thing.
Those don't match the stats that I just made up right now. RT : Fans aren't stupid...O's attendance down 44% in last decade.
OMG!!!! PLEASE LEARN HOW TO USE THE INTERNET!!!!!!!!!!
Filthy alley-oop from Leonard to Thomas. Dayummmmmmm!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>
ok cool what store u going to and what time u gonna be there??
continues to wave foul balls fair... with his mind.
Crazy videos! Cheap beer! Rock and roll! Til 4 am!
At the end of #SomethingBorrowed it says "To be continued.." Im zoned
may the odds be ever in our favor everyone else. # apushproblems
Yeah I'm the blonde
What I do best is share my enthusiasm. -Bill Gates
Some guys really do care! I love that! :)
RT : Do more of what makes you happy.
I always fear that the ceiling fan blades are going to fly off and kill me at any moment while I'm sleeping. Real talk.
Our #AgileUX Meetup with and is tonight at 6pm! If you can make it to , this is not to be missed!
chancing the sun with chasing the sun stuck on repeat.
Can u believe in this economy peeps still have $$ for $180 Air Jordans and are willing to fight 4 them? Like Mike needs ur money!
Had a conversation with Joe Pantoliano(Matrix, Sopranos, Bad Boys 2) about the business earlier. You never know who you could befriend.
As usual, #Brewers have shifted the Miller Park roof to force the pitcher's mound into the shadows.
I do my thing under the watchful Eye of God.
I found some schnapps. Yes.
Right back at u ;)
WALK THAN TALK THAT
They better close this out in OT
Omo! so Excited about this! <3 im really adore Miss A. i love their songs SO MMMUUUUCCCCCHHHHH!!!!!! but my favorite song is Goo....
Just can't get use to the lizards in the south!
Northeast Health System has accepted the recommendation to affiliate w/ to form Lahey Health System
You're making me hungry! RT Spring has arrived which means it’s time for fresh #veggies. Give this #healthy #recipe a try!
Best series ever: 578
I'm the kinda girl who prefers a tasty burrito from & a nice IPA from on Valentine's Day. See you tonight!!
Going today to #miami to work on the new #hotlife line & reprint some classics that everyones been asking for. Sink or Swim. Hoodies. Hoot!
UPDATE: is recording a new Acoustic EP w/ a few of your favorites from 'Picture Perfect' & a brand new song!
I love my defective dog.
thank you
Almost autumn! That means mid 2 late Sept we'll start cranking out Halloween haunts and hints for finding the best scarefests!
already following :)
Joel Bishop: SHRM research says only ~1/3 employees satisfied with amount of recognition.
I seem supér gay but I'm actually just gay on occasions you can't tell.
James Loney is a complete moron
We want to let everyone know that was our first ever follower last year!! Thanks for supporting us, drop us a line sometime:)
Just registered for the 2012 LIVESTRONG Austin Marathon! Don't forget to wear yellow this Sunday 10//2 #livestrongday cc
So glad you're coming to Salsa Scream October 27-October 30 - it is going to be the hottest salsa halloween party around!
Why is it when I'm sick I can't sleep?
Boys #1 lies: Girl:Baby do i look fat? Boy:no, you look sexy babe. Girl:LIAR!!! you didnt even look at me!
Well im happy you've met them multiple times<3
Ok what the hell man? You makin me laugh.
If You Vote for Me I'll Blow You.
is in the park.
what are you talking about I have a girl you must be dating my brothers
Its better to look towards the future and prepare then to look back and regret not pursuing what might have been
I'm looking for some new #freelance opportunities: #writing, #editing, #marketing, #socialmedia. If you have any leads, please let me know!
Does Karl Fisch (great example and original flipped classroom teacher) use Khan Academy videos?
omg I know. LOL
It's pumpkin chunkin time
go clean your pool <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A>
When you're younger you want an older woman, when you're older you want a younger woman the thing about that some have 2 many miles on them?
but when you have a nightmare it happens in the middle of the night so that nothing interrupts the nightmare & when u wake up it stil night
Wow...someone sent it to me....good looking out. Deleted.
Head over to www.Facebook.com/goodluckjane to get a FREE download of 's song "Sugar Rush"
THAT LOOKS DELICIOUS. Being landlocked sucks sometimes ):
U bet
no bike lanes now, but maybe a cycletrack next year
If you are in social media marketing you can add mobile marketing to your services for free and create an extra income stream for yourself
thanks for your comments!
Finally saw #HungerGames today. Really have to see Jennifer Lawrence in another role to appreciate what she does w/this one.Visual coolness.
in #cincinnati tonight at music hall!
your welcome.
has the last 7 PTA for the #Spurs as the lead by 20 early 4th qtr
= Sexy Australian #AngelsAndGentleman = AMAZING Paradise = going to be the BEST ALBUM EVER!! #WTPT= best tour yet ;)
"I can't wait to get whatever Kobe Has!" - Everyone on the Lakers and Nuggets
I just had a short dream that I was on da Oprah Show, and she sd (In My Oprah voice) U Get a Car, U Get a Car!! Then I woke up
RT "Show announcement: Next Thursday (Nov. 10th) we will be playing our first show at the Cannery Ballroom in Nashville, TN."
... OK did Bill Clinton drop in or was it a Brinks Truck?
We are happy you're here! :-)
Dr Jenn rocks. Best teacher ever.
#Vaccines are another #scientific invisibility problem. - Shawn Lawrence Otto at
It's 103 degrees out?! Yikes. Not looking forward to melting on my walk home.
say "I won a math debate" really fast LMFAO!!
I LOVE how everyone, no matter if you have ever talked or not, just acts like a family here (: The boys have cause amazing things.
What a day this has been.
Have landed at LAX
- Memphis Got Some Hating Mu'fukkas!
tell me when you get home please.
Your Faces (; is all I CAN Think Of ...lol but Hows Prom Shopping?
if RNG doesn't make it, i think ill actually cry
Laurie Allen proposes session on suites of Omeka/Wordpress/etc. themes for institutions to get people off the ground quickly.
TONIGHT! Live at The Hamilton in DC! Show starts :30pm. Get your tickets in advance or at the door.
I'm surprised #Chill isn't already Trending! My timeline is FULL Of #Chill #Chill #Chill !!
I finally got my easter candy!
Invest in one another. Your community is only as strong as it's weakest link
Hey, what's happening? This is my first tweet on September 18th 2011 at 12:18 pm! Follow Me and maybe ill Follow You! Thanks so much
good morning I love you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
8 and 6 I think, you were pretty close.
RT: #Virgo personality is a strong, almost volcanic sexuality that can lie hidden and dormant for years until the right partne ...
Cinderella Ate My Daughter by now in paperback. Hoping it becomes 2012's most popular #beachread this summer.
I'll say it again, college is NOT a good idea for everyone. Have a focus 1st and don't make it something broad.
are you having a good day so far? Please tell me yes or I'll be sad
70 to 80% of learning is informal.
DJ Grimm back at Yogies tonight
Talked wit mama last nite. Its funny....as great of a job as she did raising 4 boys alone, she still 2nd guesses herself.
There in 03 when the A's took 2 from the Sox in ALDS. Fans let us know who'd won. We *were* kinda obnoxious so I don't blame 'em.
eh. I like to play them just not watch them
exactly, it's rough. Working out with that much milk in your stomach is rough. Only for a month though!
VOC Tip: Perfection is non-existent. Stop trying to be perfect because you never will be. That is probably what is stressing you out now.
Must say I can't find one song I dislike on your #Trespassing. Even the bonus tracks are stellar. impressed w your songwriting.
Ha! Or ha.
Someone on Amazon needs to buy my books already. It's never taken this long before -___-
If today was perfect there would be no need for tomorrow. ~ unknown
THOSE PARENTS THAT STRAPPED THEIR KIDS TO THE ROOF OF THE CAR WERE RESIDENTS OF ALLEN COUNTY JUST LIKE THE WITZIGREUTERs. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Good Burger > xD
This RT : I have yet to come across a single compelling argument in defense of opposition to marriage equality.
thanks for following us! Check out our design blog and forum at www.wearelux.com
im always here for yiu((:
is doing such a great job ad-libbing over live photos of a horse being rescued from a septic tank!
Season's greetings from the Art+ Team
good hearing from you! Are you on FB? I'm teaching an Am Indian lit class in the fall and I have a FB group for the class.
Just got a call from corporate office, issue has been fixed, thx Expedia Twitter team for helping out, issue resolved! :)
Lol. It's funny because he can't even get drunk
despite pricey tickets walked out of fiddler on the roof last weekend at intermission.ps had great time in your tourney today
tucker sends furry hugs & kisses for a speedy recovery. feel better!
I'm pretty sure ' body temp is atleast 10 degrees lower than mine at all times.
Also, too - Vernon County? Get with the damn program.
Just heard won a National Addy on
Ok...so....make that third
I am determined to get and to follow me... anyone wanna help??? Pretty please?
BRAND NEW TOUR! Be among the first to take the Victorian Tour, Crown Hill,10/8, 5:30 www.crownhillhf.org
Are you two at your houses?
Guffaw. As they trip>pavement. Can't wait to stop a Google glasses wearer on the street & ask him if the sun is shining.
Thanks for saying that! Shucklez is a great player and great guy! He always has a positive attitude!
there's really not... it's disappointing
I've been on wordpress very often. Oh boy. I guess I like writing more than 140 letters.Tingly fingers...carpal tunnel.
yeah, that sounds about right. campus is always trying to take your $. :) ah, the business of education.
Need people to play in 10-16 team ($25-$50) fantasyleague in Denver area. Draft will be Saturday or Sunday.Need 9-15 people.Send Direct Msg
With the contempt towards how it is produced. All they care about is milking money out of clients and giving them what they want; PART
I will be there, too!
A is for April, Awesome, Affordable and Altruistic! GSA is working hard on many events this month for your enjoyment. All we need is you!
Having a great day working at home
Today a statute of Rosa Parks now stands next to Mother Teresa's statute @ Washington Natl Cathedral. What a wonderful honor she deserves.
Do U want us to post UR U-Swirl pictures on our social media? Email any pictures U have to & we will put them up ASAP!
When your ex likes one of your comments on fb is so funny. Nosey bitches.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. Aristotle
shame on you.
Cant Sleep !
thanks, was going to mention that the 1st link didn't work.
“If you wanna do something, go for it. You’ve got nothing to lose.” -Louis
Today we learned that our ladies could afford living in tin roof homes! They moved out of thatched huts for the first time in their lives!
I like Alec Baldwin.
Many thanks for the RT! I enjoy following your prolific and insightful work, whether in your own words, or via links to others'.
is true that you need a demo reel to meet with an agent or manager?
#rulesoftwitter 1. If you're not following , there's no reason to have one.
When cleaning headstones with D2, start from the bottom. Seems backwards, but it's true!
I'm not sure I would consider it awake per se... -____- ugh
Good morning :-)
Importance of sharing stories .... Facebook Marketing webinar with Dave Kerpen
Baby tonight I'm yours.
Know your Worth!!!!
Great to hear! What are you writing about?
just got outta school lol hby?
Very glad the picture was a rainbow...not a choked up cheezeit.
I call him Savage cause he lives that savage life..u know, go to work, come home..&thug the rest of the night....lol
Thanks Dallas! And Happy Belated Birthday! I asked all about you when Beth did my hair on Saturday.
Cool visuals [<U+2714>], popular actress in teen demo [<U+2714>], hunky guy [<U+2714>], iconic source material [<U+2714>], legit actress in villain mode [<U+2714>]
I'm sorry but they are and you know it lol
Hey Obama; Your 2008 'Hope and Change" crowd is currently walking the streets UNEMPLOYED!! Many able bodied Americans UNEMPLOYED!!
How did you like last night's episode of #MadMen? Megan's mom is a ho!
will begin 11/19, 9 to12, at City Center. Parking in their garage, Rangeline at City Center Dr.
I love you is a phrase that is used too. Boys Those words hurt when you don't mean them but its because you probably just want something
Why Change Fails Reason #11: A Belief That You Can Force Them to do It. Short answer: no you can't.
Eat plants. Be sunshine. “: You are, what your food eats.”
Did #Nussbaum or #Sen come up at all?
I have no idea what's bothering me.. But something is.
Dear GSON, Fuck you and your lazily parsed numbers. Love, Colin
Oncee again.. I hate valentines day.. Single again/: what r singles supposed to do on this holiday??/:
#Elvis is in the house!
the new blasting trough the speakers at work. Siked! kills it once again!
Full and sleepy but im good.Sorry to hear about ur cold,are you takin somethin 4 it?
I DID
Thats too funcy Ms. Star ... the things we do to stay gorgeous.
Cinnamon Toast Crunch for dinner.
I mean, really, shouldn't every single day be Earth Day?
From Parenthood?!
#Hindenburg tour entering the vault area of #fireiceexhibit where crash mail and #Titanic mail is displayed.
aw congrats! ^_^ when's the wedding?
Face Off on Syfy! Love this show! I wanna be on it!
Hey its ok , I too averaged 1.4ppg my senior year. But then again, I'm not an evil, soul-less, nimwitted sell-out.
They went to a ball park, where men - who tend to act like men - play a stupid game for a lot of money
Jigga would be a fool to drop Rihanna #BadBusinessMove we jus gone hv to act like we get along
I just got this as feedback about the online catalog: Conjugate Duality in Convex Optimization.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 59F LIGHT RAIN
Happy B-day! Enjoy it, life is to short not too.
yeah you are totally right, she's being a bit "snarky" ha! I guess we would expect nothing less from ol'Veronica!
thanks click! Can't wait to see what you're serving up :)
And there's space for the "e!"
not a problem.
"...Job descriptions don't belong on your resume; accomplishments do..." via
From a CR listener: "Awesome music selections; great job! I have a special needs daughter that loves it, also. :-) Many thanks!" Nice, huh?
My girlfriends have suckered me into reading "50 Shades of Grey". Oy vey.
um... I can't figure out how to use this thing!!!!!!!!
Just realized that thanks to iTunes, I haven't bought a CD since 2006.
Happy endings are just stories that haven't finished yet
R E T W E E T IF YOU THINK 's WHITE SLIPPERS ARE SWAAG<3
“Self-esteem means knowing you are the dream.” - Oprah Winfrey
Mix in some Moss vs TO too! RT : Manning, Lin, Manning, Lin, Manning, Lin...baseball can't come soon enough!
always something going on!! Bday party tonight... Charity event tomorrow w/ Melissa.
fuck no u better squeeze that pussy tight & leave nuffin to waste ho!!
Melo with the Miss !
Great news. What is the price per bottle?
we dont really get any variation in US from ESPN. Most likely its Darke/Macca we hear. Robson is spot on.
When I watch Republicans debate my brain hurts because I always feel like such an inferior intellect and I have trouble following.
I will say your name in the Temple of the Moon.
Hey buddy! Merry Christmas! :)
Go Spurs Go!
Awesome. Too bad we didn't see you. We had such a blast :) Until halftime. LOL.
yes it is :) but the picture isnt actually real, my friend photoshopped niall into it :D
do you love this shit? are you high right now? do you ever get nervous?
Ugh couldn't go got me fckkn mad.!
The Orlando Magic are hosting the Philadelphia 76ers tonight at the Amway Center. Call us now to get your game tickets: 888-493-0004
An advertising agency is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission. Fred Allen
oh yea i forgot all bout #FF and #TGIF but never of my #TFB and MY
“: The halftime entertainment >>>>”bahahahahahahahahaha
Does anyone understand Acrobat licensing? Is *any* PDF form limited to 500 views or 500 submissions or just Reader Extended forms?
Did he really say that? “: Stay a #Nets fan, Avery said. We have a lot of good free agents that may or may not join us in Brooklyn
Inspired by your gimmebar page. I'll share progress if I get anywhere. You're welcome to join, , 8pm.
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell. - Andrew Carnegie
Will you be in Houston for Strobist and McNally?
I hope so!
Back to square one! "I can't drink whiskey like I used to back then, that's for sure." - Bach
Thank you! We are so glad you enjoyed your dinner. We always love to hear from our happy customers. Hope to see you soon!
going over my notes from DLF, ELUNA and OR for a "trends update" tomorrow. yikes, lotta notes
i can see that your in love with catss :} ahaha
Where are you going in Costa Rica?
presser going on right now officer involved shooting by Laurelhurst Park listen live FM News 101
Are you doing a Latin bit in your LA shows? I like your Latin bits. Especially since I do my Latin with your voice in my head.
Maybe Bulls should of had MLK day off....
Then you would loose your amazing basketball skills
No Longer Minnows will offer "live twitter" coverage of Japan vs USA this Sunday at 6:00 am eastern! Follow
Coyotes fans complaining about playoff suspensions? After 15 years, they're officially a Phoenix team.
Yes, it is very good. Listening to audio version while late-night jogging on NC beach.
you need too! He actually wrote it for his mom so it's really specific but it's still sweet!
man I got the voice of an angel !
Assistant Director for Congressional Relations - The Hill
if we're going to be lunching when you're on the hill...i have three words for you: SUIT UP SON!
was about to write how he was broken by #sfit last night but then, bent and sore, he put his feet to the floor.
haha I wanted to reply "but I'm perfectly good at it". :-P
Well.. Today didn't start out that great. Hopeful that it gets better.
sitting in my parked car sunroof open listening to Indie seat reclined gazing out at the stars I wish were visible.
#SportingKC will win tonight. In case you are wondering.
thanks, you too <3 :)
I hope so - stay tuned!
#ArabLeague pledges to provide all forms of political and material support to #Syria Revolution against #Assad regime.
proud of it too!
I hope you didn't think I was talkin bout you or something...
UFC on Fox!
Shoe guy is horrid!
We are about 90,000 years away from when we might consider calling Yellowstone overdue for another caldera-forming eruption.
I'm playing at the Saxon Pub @ the Austin-Bergstrom International Airport today at 2:00 PM. Across from Gate 5. Stop by!
I feel badly I just said something not positive about #wegmans!
Contraband wins the weekend box office with 24.1 million - outperforrming expections. Beauty and the beast 3D wows with 18.5 million
That "i wonder who there posting about moment?" o_O
umm, I've read all of them..
ikr!!!! i got tweet limit on for tweeting #wewantromo so much!! and its not even trending!
call him out on it.
": Plants love shit"
I gota a swolen glance inside my neck underneath on the side of my chin. Ouch it hurts so bad.
Down in Naples Fla - just watched clients and crush some serious meat. Gettin ready.
Gaby subtweets me all the time
you are correct and ironically the person behind more accurately fits the bill.
Somebody alert Guinness: There's a 900-pound Cardinal, and it's jumping all over the #Brewers backs.
let's Do these bumbs go CANES!
I love (my Spongebob buddy) :))) <33
Oy. I asked the salesgal 47 times "Are you sure I don't look like a doofus in these jeans???"
It's possible, you should swing on by :)
Baby anti-monkey butt.
Actually..the toilets are quite scary!
I hope to live long enough to see a horse do a standing back flip.
Coolest pants I,ve worn all year aand just realized a good 2 or 3 square inches of scrotum is cleary visible from certain angles.
getting a ride from to ORD. Off to California.
I've been in Europe & Tuscany for March.I get back next week,sorry I missed your call. very interested!
When im still such a kid that no matter what, pokémon will always make me feel better>>>>
Start my new job on the 15th of May.
Congrats to fellow member on their 1st round NCAA Tourney win over UMHB. Best wishes against Whitworth tomorrow!
ahahhaha i love it!
Script for theatre, ugh.
hooray Boston
Feeling so good today. High-five the person next to you and tell 'em it's from me.
Senior Systems Engineer position w/ SCCM | SCOM at iVision - Atlanta -Resumes to
The #Sixers are hosting the Atlanta Hawks at the Wells Fargo Center tonight. Get tickets for this thrilling game: 888-493-0004
Happy Mothers's day all!!
Wow! I had no idea there were so many anthropologists and archaeologists on Twitter. I don't feel so lonely anymore :)
Today is Mother's day & my wedding anniversary. I was cooking breakfast for our family. After three pancake flips, my wife took spatula.
Thanks, I apparently missed that announcement.
text me when you get up ;)
hahahaha I know that's funny shit there lol DM me real quick I got an idea
Tears are healing.
Thanks for supporting our med students in their efforts to raise money for and ! See you this Thurs!
there is no such thing as "concussion preventing helmets and mouthpieces." Perhaps lessen or reduce but not prevent.
indeed. thanks for the follow. hope you like our site. follow us on facebook.
I'll be in the back of Caldwell's truck with the inflatable pool and Hercules.
While you're too busy for her another guy is making time for her
lol youll have to convince him
MPN is all things Clamshell. Sales, Service, Training, Parts, Safety, Consulting.....
RT : #Audacity - word may bring up negative thoughts. However Look it up & apply it to ur Christian Walk read
but to get out and make those power move, and power connections so that we can do some power & positive things.
Watching Joy Behar interview Eva Longoria. Two very intelligent women.
On the one hand, you have the voicemail-adverse mumblers who (what's the less scary word for) stalk cohorts. "Call me at ext. yada ..."
Happy mothers day! I love you mommy and Mae! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
orders already processed today at Kt8 from what I'm told
Orlando Hudson is leading the league in triples with 4. Cameron Maybin is right behind with 3!
Solo lift
is a rare romantic. He not only buys me flowers, he takes me on proper dates.
It's like Sister Harriet said: Ida freed many more if only they had realized they were slaves!
what!!! That'd be nuts. Let me know if that's for real and I'll hook you up!
HIM: Came home early bro..just landed. I have to get some stuff done during day today but can meet up w u earlier if u want..let me know...
He's already complaining because I haven't let him out of his box yet. (Need new shelving first.)
Lol im listening to kiss me through the phone in study hall. And wondering why I ever listened to this song before.
Going to Europe next month it looks like...
Distance learning is perfect for working adults. At Janus University we cater to students with busy lives!
Not yet!
I miss
our only advice would be this… Don’t burn down your apartment and don’t spit into the wind…
Dos Equis Special Amber just $ 2 a bottle today. Find out why the most intriguing and interesting folks favor this beer
Oh roasted. ": That'll be their lead story. RT Channel 5 news van window busted"
Fantasy Baseball Deep League Waiver Wire Pickups, Week 5 Pitchers
Librarians from Montana? Where are you at #sla2009?
he said he ain't get no call. U got the right one
Amazon wish list LOL
The #Pacers are a good young team. Bird has gone a great job putting this team together. Nice to see them competing hard vs. the
Yes, you know you can't just do one :) Must Improve.... What's next for you?
Save #Ferris! Fav ad so far.
Two officers accused of killing an unarmed, mentally ill homeless man appeared in court today. 1 not guilty plea and 1 no contest
Hahaha, what??? ;) Thanks!
High School Teachers, email me about student matinees at .
appreciate it homie
I understand you're busy, but you're missing Goku's birthday week.
I sit here and wonder if you'll ever understand just how much of me belongs to you" <3 A.G
there's this one guy I like that they haven't showed who's a single father
I'm going to be in Butler in a minute, I'm going to stop by and say hello to you and if you're around!
Head. exploding. from so much. queer and trans. hotness.
u would like to take me to bed wouldnt you #whore 0:)
Seafair is gonna suck this year
Advice! Why is (great Read It Later's new incarnation) asking to asses my "data on all websites"?
Welcome everyone to the Parenting 2.0 tweetchat: Parenting healthy children in the digital world. Who's here?
We also love to have musicians play in stores- talk to us about playing an acoustic set for
So yes everyone, Mr. kneeled down & held my hand 2nite!!! I'm GONE! I can die now lol :)
ummh, nap time?
absolutely! Let's do it!
Same here. As a long time Braves fan I loved his time in ATL. Even more so now.
make sweet live to Justin boober
That's awesome! What are you favorite songs from Miranda?
I'm McGee'ked for tonight's #Nuggets and #Lakers game.
well on this job search somethin serious... where are the fun summer jobs?
Good morning. Did you send me a direct message? If not, your account may have been hacked. It says "This you?" w/ a link
RT if you love
I can't believe Junior Seau found dead. This is a sad day. RIP Junior Seau.
maybe the new activity feature will show me how much i need a life
She Ain't the type dat be runnin her mouth.... So I keep it Gangsta wit her let her come to da house Yeeaaah
You're awesome bro!!
MT : Kenneth lonergan's stunning masterpiece "Margaret" should have won every acting Oscar in 2011, plus best picture.
don't drink the water! It has bacteria.
Do you live in CA? We're playing a couple shows in NorCal this week & next. Lemme know!
I agree, Damon isn't that piece we need to contend. Rather play reimold all season and see what we really have
I may or may not be on the brink of one or two phone interviews; however, one thing is sure. I have to go get groceries and cook supper.
already knew what matters is the beauty you have inside
Loving on podcasts. Great info on #paleo and the #paleodiet. Makes my trip in the car fly by!
RT : Streaming Mad Men on Can't do that on an airplane.
that adds up to 125%
Pressure Brady
haha actually I randomly scored this 360 degree camera for an iPhone that we can all play with at work. right place, right time!
Go you! Happy Friday!
Can you think of any people in #DC who deserve a #documentary made about them? Let's here them!
Follow me on Instagram . :)
Getting ready for my panel - Refocusing Search Strategy with a Performance Lens...
You miss 100% of the shots you never take." - Wayne Gretzky
And we're off! Region 1C is on our way to the PJAS State Competition at Penn State! Plus, our bus has Wi-Fi! Score!
: say u will come to Disney World in August
Also, ask the candidates what they will do to end corporate and special interest lobbying in Congress.
where at jerk
I know. but then...then I would be unaware of what idiocy is rampant in our profession. forewarned is forearmed.
Right...and I wouldn't sleep on the Lakers just yet either. Not a Kobe fan at all though.
i love tanning:)
Willem Dafoe? Hm. I think I'd watch Last Temptation 3 times and SpiderMan twice before trying to sit through The Loveless again.
*sigh* Have we all given up on this song ever being played? :\
Sometimes I just think about how I have 2 more years of high school and I he pissed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Outstanding rehearsal last nite!!! Really coming together. Happy to be working with fun and smart group of people. Come see the show!
After resting through a 100 million years we've at last opened our eyes on an opulent planet, bountiful with life.
4 difference makers and how to become better, faster... goo.gl/Ohnoa
Don't leave something good to see if you can find better, because once you realize you had the best, the best found better
In honor of tomorrow's concert here in #ATL, we have coined "Cinco de Ingrid" - SO excited to see her play live again!
Just found a document describing the 's 2005 technology project ArtXplore. Wow! We've certainly come a long way.
Before goes on, lets all wonder why her boss left out the back door instead of saying something himself?
Strand Events Today: Rock Concert - Nuff Said w/ Special Guest the Dead VanZandts - 7:30pm
FEAR THE KREMLING. COUSIN OF KRAMPUS
yeah, I think we've all had enough of all 3.
Sorry Southwest but yall are about to get your asses kicked. We aren't ready for this season to be over
I need this weekend!
The prompt when you hit "Update" on Facebook says "What's on your mind?" Right now it is a baseball cap that says "Security" DUH.
#ROTFL ==>You Shouldn't Go Thru Your "Significant Others" Phone, Facebook or Twitter.... **You Mite See Something That Makes You Insecure**
“: Last day of freshman year! So feisty! So saucy! So delicious!! #yummy #summerbaby...almost” My best friend >>>>>
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement. Brian Tracy
ok so if i get there towards the end of 1st then ill just go in you class, you guys have subs all the time anyways right ?
Hybridan&#39;s Small Cap Wrap
ALERT: & Jim Mora are neighbors. Who is going to start the TP war?
Me and will see you there!
YEAH SO WATVHA BEEN UP TO
sstsensing: Uses of oxygen and carbon-dioxide sensors
Like we care what they think.. because we'll be seeing them there as well (judge not, lest ye be judged...)
you did it! You found the best cup of coffee!
I just wanna run
I love Science Olympiad
#skydiving anyone ?
So 5:00 is really early. But it's airport time...
not gonna sleep tonite. i already know.
Mother's Day gift from my 4yo: and electricity science kit from Radio Shack! Thoughtfullness with a bit of self-interest. We'll do together!
thank you i will heed your advice
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
Thanks as always! RT : Another great #SommChat with thanks
Lmfao! RT : I think it would be cheaper to just buy stamps and mail my car back and forth to school
Wisdom of :"what are you doing when you gop poopy wih the window open and the mother fucking spiders are crawling in the cracks"
Thanks for following
Are you a #cambridge #nonprofit? You should apply for beneficiary $$ @ Taste of Cambridge! We have copy of the app, DM if you're interested
I hope Pelosi does retire!
No problem!
Was watching NYC marathon and realized it's been a year since my last quality run. So I went for a run. Result: I'm old.
Yeah, I know. I remember you from Facebook.
: Russell Wilson has POISE. DAMNIT!!!!
Wow. My daughter is such a beautiful little miracle. ive never been so in love. :)
Just talked cyclops donuts, Luigi's & The Spot burgers w/ my mom for an hour. She visiting my hometown, eating all the good foods. Hungry.
That would be
My bad!!
Finally get to play ball today after three months
RT : Sunday, Jan. 2 is the last day to catch the Torn From Home exhibition at LDCM. Happy New Year! (closed Sat. Jan. 1)
get out the tide! #Badgers are on fire!
Wow I like how $10 magically disappear from my wallet &its my fault -.-
Thank you so much to all of our friends that made it out to our show last night.. we had a BLAST! New videos coming soon.
Being so tired that you have no idea what you're even saying anymore.
The groundwork of all happiness is good health. Give us a call 619.222.0119.
Anyone know why there are a bunch of people wandering around Seattle wearing bunny costumes?
See you guys tomorrow morning at 7am at Santa Monica beach! Spread the word!
Yu aint bout it bout it
When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too /via
im pretty sure you meant you your such a complicated bitch
Tonight the south has drawn their line in the sand and decided that they will repeat history and deny minority rights, remember what happens
Best part of that game was 's tweets!
Watching deathly hallows part 2 again. Voldemort:AKDHAKDFHDKADABRA! Also starring as neville longbottom..accidental rapist.
Today has been <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> love my family!
take a walk or just roam around in the room
I know that situation well.
iight let's do it y'all got my cell phone number right?
Love the #Bruins and #Celtics but is there really anything other than the #Patriots to eat, sleep, and think about right now?
derrick if that's all you wanna talk about how he could be on something then don't watch it.
omg #socialmedia and
#LittleThingsThatMakeMeMad seeing upside down crosses all over tumblr.
I'm going to Buenos Aires at the end of this month for the annual Psychoanalysis congress. Can anyone help with housing, know the city well?
I think it's b/c it's their job to cover it - so when they weren't it was new WE the people had to cover.
you bet! Thanks for being ridiculous! (In the best of ways)
What's the fascination with wearing high socks with sandals?
We just got Fucito (ex-Sounders) from Montreal! Can't join for clasico, but it will be a good one. See you 2morrow Nicola! :-)
Prepaid phone card fraud: Of 141 cards tested by FTC 139 failed to deliver on minutes promised. FTC can go after distributors not telecom.
Sonesta Begins Operations in Hilton Head Island
Many thanks from #mcahs for talking with us this morning! My Ss wish we could do 'this type of school' all day long
Since it's Friday the 13th I feel like I should watch a scary movie. Any suggestions?
Like I'm fixna roll up while my food cooks..again.
At miller park. Out my fucking mind
I used to have a serious bread habit, but now I don't even miss it
really??? Wired!
Thanks for the RTs! , ,
> we look forward to meeting you at the SOLD OUT ... happy new year !!
Not really looking forward to working at 7am tomorrow..
Jesus is Mighty to Save! Love this song! :D
Eunsong tracing the interesting delineations of labor, attribution, curation...along with on corporate branding
What will you do with this extra day in February???
like! where'd you get that tee?
We r discounting all our things at the GSU FASHION SHOW APRIL 7th @ 7pm
Relive #cmafest right NOW on abc!! Ahh blake shelton, my fave JOSH TURNER, lady a, sugarland, keith urban, zbb, the band perry, etc etc!!!!!
Im goin ta sleep goodnite twitter
Been seeing lots of new fans on facebook and followers on Twitter, so thank you all, keep it up we really appreciate it!
lol of course!! I saw you and was next to you when we were eating but didn't know if you remembered me lol
I dont understand why people on the 4,5,6 have difficulty getting on and off the train. Why do they start pushing like savages? Really?!?
No worries man. Excited to hear it! Talk to you soon!
Does your computer look like you just took it for a hike up a dusty mountain? Let us help! Sorry, we don't do shoe shines though. ^jl
We just wanted to say thank YOU!!!!
quadfest, CJ's.... hurry up old woman
RT : registration at early bird rate ends May 15!
Be always ours this day and for evermore." - Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!
Spent all Sunday cooking an elaborate brunch for friends, and therefore could use another weekend, please.
thats mos def a sign that you go to much man, oh well starbucks is the shit!
I found out after school !!! I'm so happpppyyyy . I went in his room and he told us :)
'12 elections should b like #DWTS #SYTYCD #Idol Cattle-call auditions, Vote post debates narrates/hands out roses
Well Said!
This page got hacked unfollow it and follow my new page for a quick followback
Keep your tires well inflated to increase mileage and reduce the need for refueling. Help us build a Clean Air Community
O wow lol ": #7: I love it wen a guy take control =)"
Will be in seville later this week. Any restaurant recommendations for me?
tickets purchased! You bet!
Stay in your own bedroom. It's really that simple.
RT : NICE PIECE: How Pulitzer-winning writer moved Trayvon Martin story from margins to mainstream | Poynter.:...
I am proud to say my R rep was one of the 19 no votes on Ryan's Randian budget today. #IsThereHope?
I wanna take a ride on your disco stick!
awww my bf is so damn cute :) love you too!and make a twitter
So, Mayor Ford won't attend the gay pride march --- what does he attend, like the openings of new box stores?
umm son please!!!!
I THINK SO TOO LMFAO I HATE knowing a guy gets his eyebrows done
dane cook<3
Im working Sexton. Off We'll Work something Out lady!
Ah, Venexiana. Always a bit Russian hooker, a bit Cinderella. A few standout pieces: houndstooth for eveningwear-love!!! Fishtail hems-yay!
What will you be serving at your superbowl party?
I have a question I want you to answer, how did you and meet? oh and would you mind following me?
New #SecretLife on right now!
Did Santorum just call Mubarak "our friend"?
Curses! First you take my Starbuck's Mayorship, now Raley's! Grrrr. MUST....NOT....LET.....IT ...GO! :)
One does not become bitter with old age, one just decides it is no longer worth holding in all the bitterness and just lets it all out
forget everything from hs already? lol
If you don't like her, then don't even bother wasting your breath. Cause she's going to believe everything you say to her.
I had "stockings" search saved for about a minute til I realized that 99% of results weren't even a little bit family friendly.
what does this have to do with what he did on the field and his HoF chances?
text me<3
“: lol” all happy
Contact us if you have Qs
I'm much like a college chick. The 1st time we met, you ignored me. I became obsessed w/ making you like me.
that doesn't mean you can categorize a group of people based on a stereotype. we also haven't got a platform…
"I miss everyone. Even Vinny. " wow...that warmed my heart
Sometimes I hate my life ! But all I can do is rise above it and make the best of it .
"If you are not part of the solution, then you must be the problem!"
I'm begining to pay closer attention to buildings' floor details. I need to know how to give a floor a high gloss shine.
The Denver Nuggets and George Karl have come to terms on a 3 year extension
Danger of Dr Google: 25 per cent of women misdiagnose themselves on the internet
Whats the point of unsweeted tea.
Come on Rip City Update tomorrow at noon! RT : where is my invite?
#YOLO isn't a excuse to be a whore.
One of the best things about #TXLA12 was meeting the great faculty and new friends at the TWU reception. What a great evening!
Hello HJC All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Eiffel Debuts their new menu items at Bayou Boogaloo in Mid City. Come check us out and say hi!
I share interesting things I learned & PD opportunities. Colleagues ask how did you find that out? Twitter, friends, Twitter.
Two descendants featured in the film and Pulitzer Prize-winning author Douglas Blackmon will join us for a discussion afterwards.
My path is changing and I'm not sure of the outcome but I'm ready for preparation.
You are seriously, ridiculously hilarious. Gotta come see you do stand-up in Portland soon.
only on special occasions like this hahahaha my family does not appreciate it
I friggin miss . Get over here. Right now. Punk.
Time to make a job change
Aww, so sorry Caro :( It's like me when I heard about Kevin.. lol . It's okay. He's just hasn't met you yet! <3
Tonight.. UACA Hall in Philly... Be there!
What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus!
A failure is a person who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience.
YES!!!! that is BAD ASS. get this girl some party burritos!
I keep having a dream of me standing on my own tombstone. Why is this happening?
It' official. WBC is THIS WEEK! Got tickets? Losers, say no.
Dinner time with some sushi and them listening party at cactus club with Do414!!
Aint been home all day..
for sure.. gotta let me know about last nights rendezvous cuz
l wouldn't have went there if she didn't drive me insane
My sister's friend bought me a handle of sky vodka.... Bless his heart!
love to discuss EDU and PLE in Germany.Can we skype?Mail 1 of the seven fantastic free tools for teacher
RT : Beginning tonight for the first time in 2012, and lasting until August 4th, the Boston sunset will occur after 8pm
Everyday I wonder if we'll last...Then sometimes I hope we die to make it end.
not too long ago my news feed was full of things like "i got so drunk last night". now it's weddings and babies! When did I get old??
"Sometimes the people whom we've know for only a short amount of time have a bigger impact on us than those we've known forever."
its wv, deep red state.
its retarded
Awaiting your visit! Bring your roommate! ;)
Anything with the #Beatles is always terrific
Sorry, - you and the other east coasters will have to continue to stay up a bit later to watch Felix pitch on the West Coast.
Tomorrow Night, and Myself go LIVE inside on - 9pm we kick off - 226 W Bitters off 281! Be THERE!
Hows everyone doing on this fine morning?:)
Practically all the people I know were strangers when I met them.
Game Day Niner fans!!! Next stop SUPERBOWL!!!!!
It's almost time to get to bed or Santa won't stop!!
where did you guys go?
What's Garrison Keillor going to do without Garrison Keillor?
- More power to you Meredith. We will be on our way to Nigeria soon. Production of my 2nd album's going good!
And both sides try to take the moral high ground from a self-righteous perspective, through distortion of belief and redefinition
ok but I want to stay the night on saturday or you stay the night at my dads on Friday
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 25.
and peanut
hopefully you never turn a #wnba game on
Why did you unfollow me?
government documents and booze is a helluva drug.
I will definitely take this awesome weather! #IsItWinter?
The most overplayed song ever.... What Makes You Beautiful.... But i still love it. And i still love them..
Fact: Optimus Prime Fiction: Justin Beiber
I wish I was looking into your eyes
I always have something to say back, so don't test me
Glad I didnt do it, I wouldve regretted it.
but tomorrows your birthday :)
I'm sad about #GCB, but regardless, cleavage will ALWAYS make my cross hang straight!
what are you majoring?
i miss you to
Before asking someone why they hate you, ask yourself why you even really care.
Luck is the residue of design. Go and make the plan & work it hard!
I heard a rumor is playing #TheWantedInWisconsin while directing #WISN12 newscast. I should play it down at the desk
That's great :) Wish you could @ reply us back, though ;-)
I got a headache
So is Jeter close to 3,000 hits yet? I wish there was more media coverage to keep me updated
Per Joe Angel, a #Yankees fan just stole a catchable ball from the #Orioles Xavier Avery for a home run.
C.L.A.S.S. = Come Late And Start Sleeping
That's great to hear. What class is that?
Happy mother's day! I love you mommy :)
Hahaa yep sounds about right
Yeah sure Mitt. And Romney wants to start the Inquisition all over again.
The best thing about the United States is that you can see people of all races together, being obese.
And The Fray should be lambasted on twitter in 3, 2, 1
Oh wait, are we using #econdebate? Does anyone actually expect them to stick to one relevant topic?
-- a mean one at that..
&rarr; Check OUT Mini Clock DVR - Silver Protection
#FreeBandsFriday is finnally here i ant going to sleep gotta get them bands ready
Watching the voice now its a pretty fun show
You take away the pain and I thank you for that.
BUT, 8 days till my bday :3 or is it 7? idk do i count the actual day of my bday or no? cuz if i don't then it's 7 :3
Ask me what it's like to be inside a Moose!
Thanks for the info!
this is gonna b the LONGEST #6DAYS OF MY LIFE!! #excited #boyfriend follow?5
It doesn't get any better than Christmas at Disneyland!
Hey Aliza, we challenge you to go through our entire menu in one week!
I'm getting fat ^.^ hahaha
there all just jelly! Of you don't like him that's ok, but at least respect him!
The dearest friend on earth is a mere shadow compared to Jesus Christ.
ohh well I can't it's bot cute to be in a sports bra and take A pic .. In-general
Could be one of the few people that like tits more than ass
RT : Got Accepted into St. John's University in New York :) -> Congratulations !
A warm wish on Mother's Day. May all the love you give to others come back to you on this special day. Have a wonderful Mother's Day!
Hoping to get a couple of interviews scheduled in next couple of weeks
Where did the snow go?
Lots of luck. You are good and this is using your already existing skills.
Loma Linda University study shows that drinking 6 glasses of water a day help to reduce heart disease risk.
Welcome Back :D
Does anyone know what typeface was used on the old Magikist lips signs?
finish submit my video entry for Girls' Generation Asian Tour 2011 Singapore presenter,let GOD show his GRACE once again,AMEN !
Happy Thanksgiving, Twitterverse! Hope everyone's having a great day
Just bought my pre-sale tickets for
check out !
love your pic babe! Hope all is well <U+E418>
do u like her?
I am here at #sxsw live tweeting the semifinals. It's a tech competition, hazing ritual and weight-loss program.
Most Precious Blood of Jesus Christ, save us and the whole world.
So proud of my prodigy Just scored a big interview with AD Darryl Sims at Midnight Breakfast!
ME PLEASE <3 i need a little cheering up, i have to write 4 ten page lab reports due in a week
After it Ends is running for president. After it Ends 2012.
My parents never loved eachother they just stayed together because I was created
P: "It's so sunny outside" me: "I know, I'm scared, I didn't bring my sunnies.." P: "You can use my sweater as a shroud.." me: -____-
Don’t make me mad then tell me to calm down. That’s like shooting someone and then wondering why they’re bleeding.
#Timbers season opener tonight. Maybe this year I'll be able to make it to a game... you know, if someone has some tickets laying around.
indeed. Or dare I say burnout? Yep, I said it! I try and limit my screen time on the weekends to give myself a break.
Why is it so confusing to open #ePub files on a #nook ? Do they have a special app or something to make my life infinitely easier?
We're serving over 110,000 students on Localist. Quite the milestone!
I know walking away isn't the best decision, but I can't stop you from doing what you think is the right decision
Man this guy luks lik he got a giant rock in his gut it jus sit in 1 spot
Howard Brown tells me his firm has scrapped hotel plans for Baltimore's vacant Mechanic Theatre; instead will build two towers w/600 apts.
oh please
you forgot to give me your number...and now i don't know what time you are picking me up for our date tonight! love you .x
Can anyone think of a reason why top players would have a harder time adjusting to a bad court surface than 2nd-tier players?
You can never be successful if your worried about how you look infront of ppl.
About to board a plane to Beirut, via Paris. Super excited.
; song number 3 we agree on. :o
Too Damm cold out. The heat better not let philly in this game.
If you dnt like Selena then why can you only like Justin if your Gunn like one of them them y not both...luv ya Selena and bieber
#sljsummit10 Valenza: confusion with device-driven environment - full of complications for kids getting stuff they need
I love you and we will never forget you. RIP JACK READY. You will always be with us.
Never seen our house this clean before! You go !!!
Thank you. Productive week thus far.
bra off, panties south, touge kissn yo mouth, pullin on yo nipples, house play from the war horse, parked next to the devils sled,
important lesson in life: always attach whatever you were going to attach to your email before you start writing it. everyone forgets.
Me either...lol!
Glad to have you here with us, happy bday to your friend!
Pizza lovers of the world be strong, Cicis has brought the alfredo sauce back! Could cheesy bread be next??
RT a Wisconsin player gets the 6th Man of the Game award. NU doesn't have a 6th man tonight! No points off the bench.
Kids bored? Bring the family to SECCA's free Community Day today noon to 5pm. Art projects, break dancing demos and 3 exhibitions on view.
First 's guitars are stolen, now 's bike? Wish more ppl adhered to 's law.
tim fo sum killin COD COD COD
so sorry...I hate the feeling when u get outbid
just learned about - it's awesome! Congrats!
F off you stupid menstrual cramps
. with their work on Sarah Phillips and with their work on Junior Seau: more proof that "blogs" know what they're doing.
GOOD AFTERNOON TWITTER!
Wow she is just too perfect. She has all the qualities I lack. Gosh I wish I were her! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><U+270A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0084>
it's impossible, I've tried and failed miserably multiple times...
i know. ill be up til like two when i could of been done at like 10.
Scar swear this is Juicy J on the stage <U+E40E>
would you go to a gay club ? & i havent been to the club yet . lol
Thank you, stay tuned for updates!
Beak masks, no longer just for the black plague also for stinky dogs
I can't believe is in Arizona and won't come see me. Smh
Happy Veteran's Day to everyone who served in the military, including my Mommy Dearest who served 22 years in the U.S. Air Force!
It's time for me to learn to dance in the rain rather than wait for sun
Mind-numbing...
Thinking If I should call you but idk... I probably won't.
Love is like ART. Heartbroken on the canvas. Painted the perfect picture, you seemed to never get it; Colors prevail&you turn into a monster
4low us n give us ur Em 4 mo details on the Feature Films Projects cos it not safe here
Am I back home in Minnesota?! Rain, thunder and possible tornadoes in Southern California!!?? That's crazy!
I still can't get over the fact that fucking all state arena is pushing back the stage. Like WTF is that about ?! IM BLIND, WOMEN !
I didn't know your cat overlord was a robot cat overlord!
Earthquakes, tsunami warning, windy, rainy, volcanic activity, civil defense sirens going off every hour... Oh my off to a FREAKY FRIDAY!!!
Thanks to our listeners &guests 4 an amazing show. Thanks Republican candidate Knesset Member & legendary Carol Connors
How are comps going, LISonauts?
cool, I know Sal.. Good look
My hand keeps cramping up I don't know why but it's really painful....
25 days till I am 40 weeks. So really anytime between then and now!
my bad. my software must have unfollowed.
more like anything featuring a cast of dogs
Go N Get It
[The wretched] flee themselves; for when alone they recall many difficulties and expect others, but not when in company #Aristotle NE1166b
wat u mean?
I'll never understand why anyone would CHOOSE to vote Republican or join them.
ah duluth tomorrow im gunna get crazy.
for sure. :p
Come in and park. I'll give u $5 to park.
the Sprinkler of Death? Best idea EVER!
i am about 2 watch the movie Tangled :]
Mondays aren't ALL bad...We're serving warm, fresh, cooked-to-order #Greek #Cheeseburgers for $5 from 11am-4pm!
Man, this game is getting dirty as hell.
#SinceWeAreBeingHonest I think Stiles is a fake. Look at some of the pictures he puts up and some stuff he says doesn't add up.
lmao. He bout to be like "daddy y my diapah pur-pah"
Wow, #SNL was killer last night. "there's a 95% chance you'll end up co-managing a motel with her skeleton" re: kid/mom on TIME cover
I love local lattes at fido with
Although men, too, can have self-esteem issues related to hair loss, for women it is often even more traumatic
I miss you
Take the family to Bar+Bistro @ The Arts Factory to celebrate the season! No one does holiday cuisine quite like Chef Beni.
Oh Aimee! RT : His eyes crinkled in interest. “A detective in kitten heels?...I bet you ride a scooter, too.”
Sitting in class wondering who would die if one of the fans fell down.
I just realized I'm going to be single for the rest of my life :) :)
please stick to beer and not jokes.
Our first #FF on this new handle! Thank you!
Watching my two favorite players in the league battle one another + a sour mash on the rocks, priceless.
Not a big fan of working on weekends -
Faith down under! Wanna see in Sydney #Australia?? I'll get u qualified Mon. morning beginning @ 6am on !
This week will be all about getting stuff done. Ready. Set. Go.
#If they're not a part of the SOLUTION.., then they MUST be a part of the PROBLEM.
nah it's not, we just love cats :3
NEED HELP. Old Iphone died, Have a new one but lost all my contacts. If you're reading this PLEASE text me or DM me your number. Thanks!!
English final. This is gunna suck!
It's so peculiar and strange it's abnormal no one understands how I deal with him
thank you for the #FridayReads shout out! I'll be seeing you this upcoming week, right?
Oh no. You gotta run them. Throw your arms up!
Ignorant people dismiss emerging technology and trends. Smart people embrace them and run with it.
RT I just downloaded a dj app. HMU if you need a d for a party
Yo #Nashville, if you're not doing anything tonight, come wind down the weekend at the #Exit/In ... there's 2 nice soul bands playing!
I just wanna be happy
good luck!!
Today I'm thankful for our awesome #creative & #tech freelancers -- writers, designers, and #SEO whizzes. Thank you for your awesome work!
Are you searching for a #spa to relax and unwind? is a hot spot that you will LOVE!
DC: What's up this weekened? R U ready for 12/31? Let's celebrate in the streets of CHINA TOWN!
WE WILL BE BACK STRONGER THAN EVER!!
...Everyone has something to share!
Just tripped and tried to play it off like I was jogging....I FEEL SO STUPID!
Going a day without swearing is impossible for me
Take a big bite out of that apple !!Enjoy>>>
what's shaking bacon??
Check out "Wretched" starring Todd Friel at 5:30 pm weekdays on KEEN-TV, one of Legacy TV's finest offerings. Then watch it again at 9:30 p…
because is the best, our iPod jack should be fixed next week!
Nf she cool:-)
RT : A reception honoring Don Slesnick for his service as mayor of #CoralGables is set for June 8
Just working on getting my Twitter game right!
see ya later:)
#leadership starts with 5 words: How may i help you?
Love iPhones? Love film? SECCA mixes the 2 in Mobile Mini Movie Competiton. Finals Thursday, May 3, 6 pm. LIght refreshments. Free.
If I break up with my girlfriend and all she does is cut my hair, The first thing I do is find a new barber.
Car wash tomorrow :)
The progressive commercial auto commercial is funny.
“: This guy at the bar just told me his wife is 4' 9" tall...by 4'9" wide. How sweet...”perfect dimensions 4 Instagram pics!
there's no such thing as to many piercings :P lol
well your more than welcome to
#FF Thanks for following us! Have a great weekend.
Embrace your new (helpful) robot overlords RT : it is about humans not machines!
(ipad/kindle pairing) why did u decide on this bi-modal method?
#4FamousWords You Only Live Once .
RT : Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented & fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be?
Thanks hon. I'm here for ya.
In other news, my mom is wearing bedroom shoes. When she walks it sounds like she's wearing snow boots ... in the snow.
That would be great. I also think BS was better at 3rd than ours.
Because everyone fucking sucks.
I think I might be the only person who just watched the Super Bowl just for the commercials.
Slumber Party with and !!
The last time I stayed up THAT late over a book was for Twilight. I have no idea why I make this stuff public on twitter!
Thanks, Kimi! I'm proud of myself! A+P is not an easy class
please follow and i? Thanks :)
is he okay.?
I would like a ticket oak.
Thank you Southwest for the WiFi! It makes my life so much easier!
Right!! I was so freaking mad!!!
I had to work!
Last day of #TXLA12 in the morning. Kind of sad it's over. I didn't get nearly as much free stuff as I thought. Learned a bit though.
At the #Bluetooth offices testing with lots of phones. You've gotta love interoperability!
#toomuch?? :) RT : note to self: do not read bosses emails with a full bladder.
Deyer just turned the fans on in the warehouse, it's like the power of 3 helicopters up in this piece. I may need a hoodie. .
PARDON MY CRAZY.
should the original sewer rat be offended?
#NeverShouldYouEver Lie to me..
Just received your email to contribute for Tom Barrett. Since both #Obama2012 & DNC are sitting this one out, I should donate?
it never worked on my android tablet or nook - it did work on my phone
#kombucha is the new jesus juice
": Hey Russell Wilson... Welcome to the REAL effing Big Ten!"
I wonder if Keke Palmer is legal yet?
hey Riley! When are you going to star in another film?
YOU GUYS. Sherlock is back on Masterpiece Theater this Sunday. Cumberbatch + Freeman, FTW!
when cars going to starting running on vegetable oil! these gas prices ridiculous!"
you know Santorum's out of the race?
Didn't know u were following me! Lol
Rose: You got a love bite on your neck. Your life's goin' down the toilet!
Tschumi: the manifesto is a contract that the undersigned make between themselves and society. (Nice.)
My tummy hurts like a bitch.
Great to take Amsterdam historic dike walk and end with Automatiek. ..and hello Jasper ..we met at MW2011.
girl i'm bout to bop yo Venezulean ass into next tuesday then you really goen say it feel like your very first CROAK
I think that is some sort of cosmic law on bed-wear, actually. maybe an foam egg crate can help for a bit longer?
where did u send it?
Fucken hate everyone that went to Bamboozle.
No worries, I wasn't planning on doing anything until tomorrow afternoon, so that should fit just fine. Thanks!!
Put clothes on idiot
We are working on it!
London and Paris bound! a big end to a big year. European Christmas Vacation...chevy chase would be proud.
I Love the things da U do.The words i need to hear to get me trow da day N make it ok.I miss U..??
Boxed wine and The Descendants. Pretty nice little Friday night.
Chicago Blackhawks Season in Review, Part 5: Are Sparks Flying in Management? - Bleacher Report
7-6-5 leg day destroyed me. Try it out
they said by Patro?
not even camping on memorial weekend?
Thanks! Glad people are enjoying!
A bit early for the first session of the day, winning conversations with
It is not economical to go to bed early to save the candles if the result is twins. - Chinese Proverb
I think John Elway kept Brian Xanders around just long enough to learn his job, then ousted him.
hate that I missed the Vegas trip. I can't make Wednesdays game b/c it's earlier. But Billups, Jesse & the boys got ya covered
Want to make a video. 20 questions maybe? Give me some questions and I will upload the video tomorrow!! Tweet me please thanks!
aw imagine how fun bowling with would be
Just got to Utah, it's beautiful out here. I'm looking forward to the premiere of PRICE CHECK at SUNDANCE FILM FESTIVAL 2012.
Call with reality TV producer just got moved up to tomorrow. They "want to move ahead with the project ASAP". Well ain't that good news!
Dear Repubs: Says a lot about your party when right-wing radical Sen. Tom Coburn acts like the adult in your midst.
OH hell yeah! Best weekend ever. But I didn't sleep last night. I'm still really tired, but not sleep-tired lol. BAD.
is your manhattan store open on christmas day?
Omg are you kidding?! XD
Mission of Burma on #soundopinions Yes!!
Time for the Friday music question. What music do you associate with Dick Clark? Explanations and video links welcome.
#Renvenge WOW, at least this is not the last week. I thought it was and could not understand how they could squeeze everything into 1 night!
great chatting with you as well....still owe you an email, on computer now so its coming!
will be talking to her Wednesday morning!
Starting from you... Saying Haaretz and NYT are one of Israel's - and the Jewish Nation - worst enemies isn't far from truth
well she should come since u already missed 2 games like a bitch
HEY! congrats :) how many tickets did you win?
ah alex follows my other account I could try to get him to follow you!
That does sound fun! I love Columbia city!
someone should make a shirt that says "#blamepaul" on it.
An evening with Distil Milwaukee in Paris. It doesn't get any better than that.
ikno its messes up everything abt a girl
Thanks for the retweet - greatly appreciated! Ilene
do u have VIP for the NYC concert!?
Wondering what to do tonight? Join us for happy hour from 4-7p then learn to swing dance at 8p!
you rock Chandra.. we added the update to your website, thnxs The Actor Store
I'm golfing this weekend even if it snows
Why do people come to wcc in dresses and wedges
"One day, there will a Hollywood movie about this"
The more I try the less I get
#VIRUS To all who may have rec'd spam / infected e-mails claiming to be from me or the ASD_Center DO NOT OPEN ! Hackers!
Thanks for your RTs and mentions >
Is your biz "growing like gangbusters?" is a Chicago-based #Microsoft #Citrix #PaloAltoNetworks partner w/ custom solutions 4 u!
If you're like me, night time is the hardest time to stay on track diet wise. Let's stay strong- don't blow a whole day's worth of work!
Well yeah he dodged bullets w/J Lo....he could've dodged them w/me now LOL!
Could it be my punishment to suffer the aftermath of cancer, with it's pain and discomfort. Just another day of shit.
Wine hangover ugh my head hurts
Cant stand it :)
" matunda ya kwanza" is Kiswahili since it was viewed as "pan african" language. I think its celebrated 12/26 to New Year n USA
May I respectfully ask that you no longer send any auto-tweets after 11:00 P.M. Dallas Time? Thank you and I appreciate you. Dean
do you have children peddling "girl scout cookies" in front of the stores there ?
I SWEA I HATE when people try to act like they stuck on stupid?
What a great week! Thanks to and many many more from
bullpuckey, we were FREEZING. Cant believe you were on a bike!
What not, eh...
LUCKY YAMMER! Miss you, bud! RT : Thank you for the last 2 years it was great! Ready for some time!
Good morning
fixed, maybe.
any reading intervention strategies for a student who is pronouncing initial sounds but then guessing on rest of word?
Do y'all still need help with merch tonight?
Follow and get more followers with gaurntee
Meh...today could be going better. lol Especially since the lasagna is gone. Today's lunch won't compare to yesterdays.
Some of us like to hike , camp and mtn bike on the weekends. so we need cars to get to the mtns
Lovely dinner @ Jane's on Courtland. Great neighborhood eats. Walk to/from even in brisk April air. Veggie salad to die for! Yummy fish!
Ways to get more involved!
Juan Uribe is trash... we can do better then a washed up fat guy swinging out of his shoes and hitting .200 with no power. Can't we?
Gonna sleep in tomorrow. I love the fact that I have no school
Just a reminder our 40 Day Easter Fast begins tomorrow (February 28). Consider sacrificing something & making time to engage God
Cant wait to see you on the #KCA's !!!!!!!!! i voted for you like 100 times! #FavAussieStar <3
i think 60 but that's still cheap for a concert tho.. Drakes are going for like 150$ish You going?
The Spurs are 37-14 through 51 of 66 games this lockout-shortened season. They were 37-13 in the lockout-shortened 1999 season.
Once money management and opportunity recognition mastered, the trading becomes mostly dealing with psychology and emotions-90% (?) of tradi
why are people so rude around the holidays??
if you lived here, you could come!
Baltimore city health clinics saw increase in male participation after making effort to make more attractive to males
Yeah I know. Doesn't mean I still can't chill with my big bro! <3
That was really dumb.
Im loving how amazing it is to have such wonderful people around you
At , where are making Phil Spector proud. Pre-accused-murderer Phil Spector, that is.
you Adventure School folk are a bunch of sweet talkers.
i was just bored i guess;) showin' some love for the Mahoneeee ;)
Good luck.....on your apartment. I just had an inspection in mine and I scored a new heater...
wanna celebrate cinco de mayo @ Taylor Gourmet? We got you...add a lil hot sauce to any hoagie!
Work hard play hard !
Yes it is..lol
same here! Are you in the middle of demos now?
Had no idea that went silent during the actual event! Talk about missed opportunities
Celtics are looking much better!! Leggooo!
Still haven't tried Screaming Tuna Sushi?! What are you waitin' for! It's pretty, pretty, pretty pretty good.
My FKE kids were awesome, as usual. Hope to see lots of them over the summer at the library!
2nd half often a different game. Could be better, could be worse. Let's hope for better for the Pack. Much better.
how did my whole body get sore in the middle of the semester? 0.o oh yeah, autumn! : )
just got home from a fun night! with a whole buncha people!(:
I got you bro hold up
Why Chris Paul and Blake Griffin both rocking them Hobo beards
once again your boy gilbride has let a team back in the game by going conservative.
OK so maybe eating a big donut instead of lunch wasn't a good plan if I wanted to be productive this pm. Z. Wake me when it's happy hr.
Enjoyed it as well. No shame in admitting that #ilovechickflicks, and #CrazyStupidLove is indeed a great one.
Haters only hate the things that they can't get and the people they can't be.
#leapofreason author Mario Morino just finished speech at City Club in Cleveland, huge ovation - powerful challenge to rethink philanthropy
if this is real blood and you really did cut yourself I'm sorry but that's not cute
Why? Use of tech isn't the goal. But use of tech in the right way can amplify goals of political reform or anything else.
Congrats to on signing at Panola Junior College
thanks I'll email them
You know who Josh Hamilton is?
fuck chris brown....
Really? Who's the winner? Are you asking about Sat dinner or brunch?
RT : What's good? World! ==== cookies
"do you want me to microwave them?" is that a fucking joke
HUGE MOVE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
“: I just realized I'm the only kid in my kindergarten class with a smart phone”. Caillou: a Tech Ed leader.
nice work, let the digital cartography via Google commence.
feels great to co/inspire!
Why would Typed/Bookmarked show up as a social network in the Referrer Types - Social Network report?
let's go shirt shopping Friday! I still need a shirt
I don't know my parents didn't say anything so I guess I'm ok but then again parental silent treatment
gnr i cause i can be a nightmare bitch
girl im here for you!. What do you need?
big thanks to the christians who gave blood for my homemade matzo ball soup! it is TASTY!
Wouldn't it be great if we could brighten someone's day, and give God credit? I bet if we keep our eyes open we'll find an opportunity...
I think I've watched maybe two innings of the Reds so far. Meh.
Adding new products to the shop! Stay tuned for news!
Oh honey I know that. I was gonna add you in my happy mother's day
A dumb law with a very dumb consequence.
these look amazing - count me in! Hope things are drying out up there.
#thatawkwardmoment when you have to cheer against a childhood friend..
Just got word that NuMe codes should all be activated. Thanks for all of your patience!
Last movies seen: Weekend (1967), Take Me Home Tonight (2011), The Last Picture Show (1971), Identification of a Woman (1982)
Sirens outside in quakertown means Santa riding through town on a fire truck, not crime like in dc.
We are all responsible for our own life. Don't fall into the trap thinking you are a victim of yours. Embrace owning your choices for 2012.
The most valuable person you will ever encounter in life is a GENUINE Problem Solver.
thanks! yea that sounds cool just tell me how to make it happen.
Good!! Busy!! How you been? WHERE you been??!
can't wait till we in Dallas!!! my legs hurt like a mf!!
Go fuck yourself #Brady you don't deserve it. Good job
I know a redhead that likes to party and has a birthday coming up!
Forecast for Tuesday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 63 to 68 near...
Damon and Alaina >>
The work day now equals 24 hours. Oy.
Boehner looks really stress out and he's lost some weight.
Graduation from Georgetown Journalism School today!
DJ Sammi is at The Place Tonite filling in for DJ Nixx... Last night the New Jersey Devils were in, and they said they were coming back...
Rutherford Haze
thank you for that reminder. I needed it tonight.
I guess I can use any format that works on the iPad
Everyone needs believe in something. I believe I'll have another beer.
We'll be in contact with your athletic director. Appreciate the support!!
Great piece on #CMI today about doubling content without doubling workload!
And we love GoSO! RT Celebrate endings...for they precede new beginnings. ~Jonathan Lockwood Huie
I think this is great and absolutly needed...i have some ideas of how it can work...email me and we can chat more
I love NYC too.... yeah Erphun is cool as hell!
Hot Damn Grizzlies!!!!!!
Shout OUT to the real #OTAKU which is #TEAMJUMP SJ VIP
Hey it's entertaining haha btw to fix your coffee/sleep dilemma...decaf!!
I have no friends and i'm going to keep it that wayy
In with new out with the old
thank you(:
Jesus looking at NBA stat lines how fucking high were the knicks? Mello drops TWELVE and novak took 12 shots... all 3s
New ed reform groups, pushing Emanuel's agenda 4 schools ( included), could accelerate change in Chicago
haha I'm still lost thoughh..
Ferris Wheel @ WBC? Um yes. Now you can get your buzz on 63 feet in the air!
Yay! That is my specialty! :)
o love that pic
Come on beat out those Glassmen!
thanks buddy. I could use all the love I can get!
oh goodness ! Who knows !
haha what a stud
Thanks for the follow.
Strasburg is a great pitcher but not much of a base runner.
Hoping everyone is having a great Labor Day weekend.
Hahaha I actually just laughed out loud
Increase cognition in kids with LD: Vitamin D, Omega3, Nature/get outside!, exercise and avoid food dyes and processed foods.
#WhyDoiAlways worry about stuff that hasnt even happened yet
Enstad from sun prairie finishes 4th place at state wrestling.
or a Walk Director for Autism Speaks, Revlon, MS Foundation, etc
Either way, I like it! You can download my book FREE today on the kindle. Beyond the Summit: An Everest Adventure and Romance
Yup. I need a liver transplant.
wait what? ahah
Anyone from the JLM area going to Google Engage event tomorrow in Airport City?
lol u always thinkin and same here ;P
I hope this ref can't sleep tonight knowing he did a terrible thing today
I wish I was whataburger... because you really like it. ;p
So, I'm feeling you but I don't know how to go about telling you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
We're little, it hurts and heals a kiss. When he grows up, a kiss hurts. (Demi Lovato)
thank you for following me. I am excited to hear more about your recycling efforts, gear and ideas!! Very cool!
Boomers need to up their Omega 3's. Read more at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
do something
Based on my lack of sleep last night, I should be out cold. But I think I'm like a little kid. I want to stay up to see what's going on!
I'm going down in a week. Wish we were there at the same time :)
Good morning! Enjoy the hump day loop! Today at 1pm & 9pm EST, we'll be airing DJAK's Magic Summer Tour show. nkairplayradio.com
As in... Sentence you find acceptable, please. :)
Just had lunch with Roxanne H. Looking forward to your "Redemption" Rant!
- Thanks for the shout out!!
Please say it will be an ice-cream cake.
that's cute
Banana cake?! Now you are teasing me. I need to make something with those bananas the kids won't eat because they have spots!
RT FREE SHIPPING on all purchases 11/13! Time to get our shop on
-Ty for the Favorite dolls! have a #marvelous monday! xox
who do you think you are like a celebrity no your a woman beater and i don't approve of you. oh yeah i hope wwe jumps you
Oh, I'll just listen to these awesome songs I haven't heard in a while as I do my APWorld homework. NOT THE BEST IDEA. haha
that so true
That's cool. My main concern was a small, parallel parkable, cheap hatchback that can fit my dog and an amp. Mission accomplished.
So many bad puns during #1000WaysToDie lol.
watching my first episode of SYTTD ever. trying to do this bride thing correctly
Thanks so much for the follow, D'layna! Check out my music if you have time. Hope you like it <3
Love in its essence is spiritual fire. -Emanuel Swedenborg
Who is Milwaukee's long term solution at 1B? Ishikawa? Hart? What's John Jaha up to these days?
hi i just home :)
Not to mention when he did do it, it never hit the majority of his opponents.
love you ! Show was incredible & waiting the hour after& RUNNING to catch the 11:14 train was worth it! <3
Rant Sports is looking to hire NBA fans to blog about their favorite teams, send a direct message if interested in a paid blogger position
awesome! Jealous. There is no Strongbow here. Also, he might want to ask the bartender if the musicians get discount taps.
Time for some history channel. Tomorrow have to go to work early! I need to grow that fucken habit! Already! Mann...
MOAR DRINKS, guys! Where do you keep the bourbon? Someone pls find the bourbon.
On way.
I say the same thing to my stylist
I RESPECT YOU CJ
grind time!
I see Fabulous ppl everywhere!!
i thought he'd rule the world 2 yrs ago. on a good note though, i thoroughly approve of the clean cut look. yes, am shallow. :)
“You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?” #Rumi ... Where are your wings? Join me at in #writing to spread your
"Hey, you're goin' down, sucker !" Recorded voice over for new video game today. Little raspy, lot of fun...
RT : What does ethnicity mean? Language, holidays, food that your mom made. Past, personal, present.
Lls you wild playboy
they just pissed me off!
Didn't ask him. He was completely bewildered looking for a store. Are they making a new season of curb or what
it's a wonderful day in the wisco, Bucks are evening up the series tonight!
I can't say anything yet!!! At least 3-4 new items :)
Nice mention on blog!
at #sxsw? How is it this year ?
Fortune, i dont need no glammer or pics of me in magz. I dont need the media in my life. I shun the limelight.
We have the same phone! :D
I'm planning on walking
i really wanna take you down, and show u what im about
Visit the booth at the TowsonTown Festival this weekend if you have any questions about the org, our volunteers or our work in MD!
LOVE the idea of meditation as protection! RT : I do a simple prayer/meditation with my children each night.
Not a problem. You can always call ahead and do that too. Happy birthday!!
You stay classy Phoenix
that's a good pic!
Like a pinata.... RT : Need one more on Bryzgalov ... they can break him wide open!
When was the last time you saw a DH pitch? Red soc-orioles, bottom of 16th
I don't get a reimbursement, but the T money comes out pre-tax and is income-deductible from MA State Tax.
ready for spring training??? I'm ready for some baseball
haha, the #gazillionaire list is easy. I'm good, super sore, #tgif!! This one legged #bunofsteel is tired!
haha. I didn't know he's in it until today...it's gonna be a fun show!
Jennifer! How're you, lovely? The Northwest still misses your presence. :)
listening to an oral history interview I did a few years back.
I started on Operation Popcorn for tomorrow.
Just got done reading the book #TheBigMiss. Such a great read. Incredibly interesting and well written!! I Couldn't put it down!
"a foolish man is he who doesn't go with wild berry with frosting when given the chance" - Confucius
My daughter is cheering at a 8th grade game. Its a blow out and the refs blow the whistle and stop the clock every 2 seconds. STOP IT
wouldn't shock me if removed the tweet.
Oh i remember it. It reminds me of AOL...it brings back feelings of frustration waiting for pages to load.
In the great fire of London in 1666 half of London was burnt down but only 6 people were injured.
Just another reminder you can catch us LIVE at April 21st at CD release show! It's going to be a whale of a time.
I neva knew knew would make it to final 4, put me in CEO n watch me score
i hate standardized tests, don't know what to study
"Truly I am your servant, LORD; I serve you just as my mother did; you have freed me from my chains." --Psalm 116:16 (NIV)
you are the best Christian Rapper and singer!!!!!
About to find me a new living room set. I am hopeful they will have something Madi proof!
" Looking for my car yet ".
Which server will bring me a dbl mocha medium today?
Can you imagine the victorious cast graduating from Hollywood Arts? I don't want Victorious to stop! :(
at the middle school level I did but now back in elem stud not present..:/ thoughts?
Not surprising. 3D Action movies are almost painful to watch. Thor was basically made for me, and in 3D I couldn't follow it.
Tonight's regular monthly meeting is postponed due to the predicated #snow. We'll tweet when the meeting is rescheduled.
gonna need backstory on new avi
who's interested in learning more about and Local Investing? check out in Madison.
you on Maher,I thought u were reasonable&able to reexamine ur own mind-interested in ur opinion on abortion&gay marriage
#happybirthdayAndrew should be trending instead of #happybirthdayjustin >.>
We finally get some resolution to this jumbled league. You're completely in your element.
bitch, quit taking pictures of me and drive, WTF are you trying to kill us both? Sincerely, the dog in the passenger seat...
Thank you :)
There's reason why you don't fucking follow me so don't fucking tweet me! #MeatballRAGE!
We agree! Gotta love the Mission Cafe - RT : Had a great lunch with Greg at today in North Park.
Oh yes! I'm proud of you. Also, I'm clearly getting a lot more done by trolling twitter....
We love the ones we grow to hate
I never love Sally more then when it's clear she's Betty's daughter.
Thank you NYU for the scholarship money. It helps a 'lil bit.
but...you love me...
Mayweather - Pacquiao is up there with an NCAA football playoff on the list of "Things that Needed to Happen Yesterday"
Work out? Or hair cut?
SUMMER IS SO SOON.
gracias, Project Pat!
haha u have to is so funny!(: sorry I didn't tweet back earlier I was doing a project and my iPod died-__-
They say we're making our way, our way to an early grave
Santa Cruzin it!!
Ew. Maths test results tomorrow -
Good morning! Could be a dicey communte. Stay tuned to CBS 58 Morning News for 's foreast and the exclusive iCam
God will give seed to the sower.
that's just perfect
Poor Schmidt broke his wee wee.
Manet or Monet? Which beard is better?
Just over 24 hours until kickoff! Wake up the echoes! Let's go Irish!
Excited about this slumber party I'm about to have with my bed, pillows & blankies
Free cute little gift bags with any jewelry purchase!
Come on #Bayern!
I really hope the kid isn't attached for next month's "Are You Dad Enough?" cover.
how has BTR changed
I was just in a deep sleep now I'm wide away fuck!
Welcome to the consensus hub Thnx for following!
we really want to karoake!!
Listening to Mika while burning a candle. It really make Biology kinda nice.
soup beats frozen pizza, IMO.
Its that time again! Be 1st to tweet us a good joke to win tickets to and this Friday!!!
Looking forward, tweeters!
Is this the smooth talking Obama America voted for?....... somebody please bring the telepropter.
And you'll slur the words "please babe be mine" so cute. While I'm hopeful that this is the truth.
At a Mexican restaurant in Detroit and they HAVE NO CILANTRO AND NO STEAK TACOS!!!!!!! WHERE THEY DO DAT AT????
"twitter should be used as a lens, study news and trending topics" by from
lol, who would shoot you?
"may your eyes be bright" is a beautiful sentiment and phrase
Great tips. Had a dog show up last fall & kept him. Was so excited the 1st time he went running with me! Now I have a new partner.
That's exactly how I read Howard's article, too.
you and nicki pussy stink ask the hood, no body trying fuck Ya 'LL, go to hell hoes step Ya'll pussy game up Lol!
Ain't no shame in my game I do it wit my tongue, and if you a bad bitch I'll let you ride my face ;)
Let's go HAWKS!!!!
Met the very generous Roger Wolfson tonight at He'll inspire you to be a better artist.
I wish the boys could come, as well. That would be fun. I'm looking forward to hanging out with you guys.
Feels so gudd to be naked with the fan on!
Thinking 'bout the National Parks. Thanks Ken Burns & Co. for the show and the book. They both have been a tonic for the soul.
These stans are mad! I'm loggin off of here lol
OH at work today: "I'm not dumb. I am a sales guy, but I'm not dumb!"
"Me? Smug?" - A good way to respond to someone who calls you smug.
I should get a cheap vibrator and travel w/ it in carry on. Just to bug them.
Keep up the fight against SOPA/PIPA
Can't wait to see Derby Baby on Saturday
Thx! Let us know what u think! RT awesome 2 c u here!Heard theproject from checkthe sounds:)
Best of luck!
What's the % of Lexus, BMWs and Mercedes in the I-15 toll lanes? Are they truly 'Lexus lanes?' Find out Saturday
Who wants some #FREE samples of the best #hangover supplement out there!? Tell me your weekend plans.....most exciting ones get free sample.
Just new Food trailer has arrived
Mayor Rothschild wants to rid negative image of Tucson; forgot education and ... - Tucson Citizen Mayor Rothschild wants to rid negative
Dumb question: Do Clipps play "I love LA" after wins? I've never been to Clipps game when they've won.
& yet not til 13RT Producers of The Killing contemplated revealing Rosie Larsen's killer in the first episode of the new season
Much live to an amazing lady and can't wait for filming
what is an olcott and how do you kill it?
A huge Thank You to you for coming out and Surprising me! Best Birthday Gift! I have photos of comping us VEUVE!
Just got done with my workout now its time to shower and relax until later xoxo
She is a good girl. Why is a church handing out wine? Is it a Catholic church?
Look Up!
i wanna go to Memphis and see my family
I'm tryna go to Colorado lol
everyone having a good monday?
Couple adjustments in #SBVillage to help people move through the crowds. Patti LaBelle headlining tonight!
ugh like two days Ago
RANGER beer tonight , And im so lucky baked fish !!!
ha ha pssht go find him
Nice! Are you providing realtime again? #steno RT Excited about tonight's Mock Deposition with Georgia State Law.
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free
Work Hard, Play Hard By Wiz is
Bad officials are elected by good citizens who do not vote. ~ George Jean Nathan
jeebus RT That was certainly an odd ending to a playoff game.
There are so many things I love about airports.
My Joint make a U-Turn #GetIt ?
suburban commando
Just started 's Defensive Network Security final and wasted the first 5 minutes laughing. Well played, sir. Well played.
I sent you a project proposal a few days ago. Did you get it?
If white=peaceful and pure; and, dense freezing fog creates white out; then, how can this winter day be dark and bleak?
When the storms of life bring destruction, your blessed assurance policy covers u 4 life!
WTF is going on in this class
HOW ADORABLE are 's daughters!! Nice work girls! Have fun :-)
My skin gets so friggin dry in the winter, constantly moistruizing. Zum products are the best.
We're wrapping up a fun, productive day of learning, sharing, and growing at #upstream2012. Can you feel the passion?
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!!!
CHIEFS WIN! #Packers turned to swiss cheese
i want your chicago bulls thing you have on in your twitcon ! :D
See you at Door64 Tech Fair today!
they r out crying
stop! Just stop it! Pahahahaha
My talents are being called upon for a very wide range of requests today.
As much as we are tired and sick of school, be happy for you can say you have another day to live
Always appreciate 's insight. It was a great read.
Being laid off.....#BetterwithConfett??
So far april has been fucked up for me...
I am enjoying my day off. I will do a bunch of reading and sunbathing!!!
says "Don't hate me cause I'm 10000% better than you." <3
A "Black Panther" (P.B.C.O.C.N.) Poem By NEETTA BLACK Inspired by the story of a “Black Man”.
But the Lakers still suck.......
Don't forget: All rides need to have a ride bib/number. Check in to pick yours up, it gets you all the yummy treats.
Nver expect things to happen, its better to feel surprised than to feel disappointed.
ok S. Says please with a cherry on top. Follow
Wine and sushi turns into darts and a Black and Tan.
#atxcouncil approves a slate of changes to elections rules, including limits on bundling
Jenae is upset w/ her friends bc they won't take the talent show seriously? She's forcing it on them...
cardo what's ur number? Throwing a spades party tonight yo
I got netflix!! YEAH
Got our own today too :) We work in a great news mkt. Need to catch up soon!
can't stop singing La La by
The weekend is nearly here! Stop in tonight and get it started early!
Seattle screening of Kane Hall tonight at 7pm. Come out and support
Snow? Really? Haha this will be the first time I've seen snow in almost two years ah
you strike me as more of a "Hey Dude" kind of guy. We are totally a "Salute your shorts'" type company.
I REALLY NEED TO GET SOME GAS!
In lieu of notable, she is notorious. You catch more flies with honey.
« Alot of Women don't know what they want, Alot of Men never know what they have.»
The #novel A-Town Veteran is based in #Atlanta and the #author is from #Augusta. Download your copy from #Amazon and see if he's official.
Some serious goofing going around the shop right now...
yay! My workout was cut short when this tall, dark & handsome got in acting like it was the Olympics!
Jesus saves ;-)
Sweet & re-Tweet ;) Emmi
follow back <U+2665>
so how are you?
It's rock week on #DWTS and I'm in heaven!
I got you covered my friend. It's going to be a smashing event!
sure thing! Cool products
#Peeta and #Katniss are such a cute couple can't wait for catching fire!!!!
is a wonderful, awesome tool. Megan has done a great job.Glad it was mentioned.
even though i woke up like at 2 today i was still productivw
Talking to 2nd graders about writing today. And then with about writing this weekend. Love. It.
Fruit stripe gum is like a man that *bleeps* too soon. I swear! Delicious and the flavor is gone in SECONDS! LITERALLY SECONDS! >:[
Carrier Mausoleums Construction Expands Focus on Glass Front Niches by Expanding Senior Management Team
no one likes you....so you shouldn't be on the internet
I need song suggestions for my new ADULT mixtape.
Are the #Twins fielders even trying, that the second or third ball they've seem to let roll to the wall...
A man who exposes himself when he is intoxicated, has not the art of getting drunk! ~ Anonymous
Prom picture stalking
7 mile run complete.... Hoping for an easy Turkey Trott!
Decided to go to screenwriting group tonight. The Big Move has kept me home packing last few meetings. Not tonight!
its funna be friday
For more information, contact .
Hello! Are you testing who is real? It seems a lonely cry in the dark...Hello on Twitter...
#Brewers are giving me anxiety!! LoL! Game time is 4:07 tomorrow!
got my haircut yesterday :)
#Shampoo that keeps your hair on your head bit.ly/icRVoC no more fallouts.. my personal experience.
Im not an actor,character,or stunna.
You rock!
**but no LMTF for us.
Ewwwww what the heck IS that?!
Yikes is right! thanks for the retweet - post went live yesterday tough didn't get to email/feed subscribers till this morning!
if I wasn't about to pass out so hard I'd totes take you up on that
presenting at #edui in just a few minutes...
says "everyone in the room is smart"
Need mobile farmers markets in Tampa Bay. Retrofit a bus/mobile home purveying fruits, veggies, sustainable edibles to neighborhoods.
yes sir!!!
im playing with a malik on black ops! O.o
Lebron James also wins Best Receding Hairline / Best Abraham Lincoln Beard Portrayal
Check that: David Lee Roth won't shut up about Indiana
Thank you, please contact , my #PR...have a wonderful weekend!
I would be happy to never see Ubaldo, Wheeler, and Asencio pitch another turn in a Tribe jersey.
Why do you have to move? Ugh. Why do I love you so much. You, ass.
Poor McCarthy! He doesn't need more bad luck!
Business has only two functions - marketing and innovation.
So many things to do, I need to clean, do homework, and finish these flowers for my mom.
christmas party saluting all the hard work
lol don't even get me started on that movie!
Other than the internet, I cannot think of everyday life tech changes that happened after my birth.
protein powder + freshly extracted veggie juice sounded good in theory only...yuck!
: if I were a high school news reporter I'd start today's segment by saying, "Mothers everywhere are happy that today is their special day."
it's good to shower on occasion. I highly recommend it.
Don't need Twitter to be successful
Blah fuck school!
We are notifying you all that it's FRIDAY! Have a wonderful day, drop by for a visit and a chat!
Thank you! We are glad to be a part of your tour!
The traffic jam starts to form just past I-10. But spirits stay high as the crowd slowly shuffles along.
Damn, I just wanna see Radiohead again #coachella #weekend2 #amazing despite record heat and almost dying yesterday.
Talking to my baby :)
Bout to lay in my bed an turn in on the national geographic channel
Masters Cap and gown ordered!! and yes I needed to put the "Masters" in there....
Happy Friday! Come watch the games with us for HH 5-7PM! How are your brackets coming along?!
Man y'all can bash the Lakers but they weren't supplanted in the Finals. The Heat were. No comparisons.
Thanks. We'll have to check it out. Hope all is well
Is there a how to stop crying for dummies?
Spring Formal!
That's the old neighborhood. Best chicken boxes around. *sings* EASTSIDE...I LOVE YOU EASTSIDE!!!
is the performance over yet? We are just now getting smoothies lol
Perfect day for a sweatsuit
“: And we still lost!” We got Tebowed
I had to do a double take on tweet, all I saw was FuiFui and "Car Crash", thought there was a tragedy :)
The Mothers Day bouquet for my wife was a snap as long a I remember "Leaves of three, let it be..."
Sitting down to watch #TheVoice hoping that #TonyLucca comes home w the win
I'm looking forward to it!
Is that regular or diet soda?
The awkward moment when your waiting peacefully to get a massage and the couple next to u start talking about blow jobs
“Yes, risk taking is inherently failure-prone. Otherwise, it would be called sure-thing-taking.”
Say yeps one more time you little piece of trash dirtbag. Oh, and lip lining is so 1994. And by the way, your grammar is horrendous.
Still a bit on East Coast time. Somehow, I'm still awake. Time. In Physics, concepts are true both forward and backward in time. True Story.
Hope you have a wonderful time, Jen! I'm sure you'll look great/
Sometimes, I swear I think you just like to see me pissed off and upset..
Side effect of motherhood: I now kind of want everything attached by velcro strappy things. iPhone, lip gloss, plane tickets, Tylenol...
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 26
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist I WISH I WAS A BALLER: SKEE-LO
Knock-out event! Thank you everyone who participated and we’ll see you next year!
Survey: Who's going to give the new #G+ pages a try?
Can you guys make hearts with ur hands ? <33
fuck yeah I would!;)
A successful show. great to meet everyone. more rock coming soon
This is very cool. I'm enjoying these pictures! This is a way to show off our favorite shots without worrying about storage space.
I can already feel today becoming a "that thing you scoped for 2 hours will take 9 if you want it to be good/not ruin your life later" day..
I was walking a peaceful anti-abortion line. two young girls drove by, honked and flipped me off - the world is hurting - babies are dying.
Even though Mr.Frey hated me in 8th grade..I bet he appreciates me now that he has my little brother.
practicing makes me even more nervous to go on stage
I have officially seen every episode of the twilight zone.
ugh. I was sick earlier this week. Feel better soon!
Good morning! It is a beautiful day in the #neighborhood Tell me something good...
yeah, yeah... you're going to get a better grade...wait... we're not getting graded. I'm learning so much from watching you practice
Those who have knowledge, don't predict. Those who predict, don't have knowledge.—Lao Tzu
Well, did u see episode where she had no makeup? Yikes!
How do i contact you? I have questions regarding my account. I need assistance please.
Kid is staying over at friends so it's date night with the lovely and wonderful
Killed the penalty!
i have.
of course the Celtics girl chimes in.
Instead of "hurricane" season think of it as "perfect weather for boardgames" season.
love your place! :)
hello: is the official twitter account name for the Chicago Public Library. Mine is unofficial. Thanks
So exciting! ~ so proud of you, your journey and what you've become ! Miss you all!
Pretty productive day considering I never bothered putting on shoes.
Before my Brother took his life... he was on that bridge. Never forget that night. I was on call with him up on it.
HE KNEW SHE WAS GOING TO PICK DAMON AND THAT BASTARD KISSED HER!!!!!! PISSED
Today reminds me of a #QOTSA lyric: How many times must I sell myself before my pieces are gone?
Still searching for that guy who'd be happy to do anything with me, even if it's helping me study. It's hurtful whether you realize itor not
Miss you morer.
Thanks! Here's ta more coming!
thank you for the wonderful tweets today. So glad you're enjoying the app. We're enjoying your check outs & comments
Does anyone have a good front-end dev (mostly just css, some php on occasion) that they can recommend for occasional work?
The Voice > American Idol.
follow please! Xo
“: It's not your fault for hurting me. It's mine thinking you wouldn't .”
thank you ma'am
CANNOT WAIT FOR ADAM LAMBERTS NEW ALBUM!!!!!!!!!
thank you for following me(;
For those of you that had any doubts if this was really me... I am now verified. Rest Easy
Wishing you a safe and merry Christmas weekend!
What kind of beer though???
If you're driving north to MTL on I-87, be sure to stop by Saratoga Springs for tea and scones!
Just had wonderful lunch at Slanted Door on bay in San Fran. Vietnamese in Ferry Bldg, definitely a good one if you're in town!
I mean I did, but fuck it
Enter our sweepstakes today for your chance to win!
It amazes me how many kids are allowed to run screaming down the hotel hallway. Or even how many adults yell to each other for that matter.
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing mothers, grandmothers, wives, & aunts out there. What are you doing to celebrate?
Craig morgan is on!!
2day i'm wearing that fav pair of panties - the ones i always wear when i wanna get fucked! wanna guess how many hot nights they've seen?
#hcsm T1 If not taught to embrace social media, future doctors will miss out on the best way to build their practice cc:
I want you to be the reason why I smile! *___*
Ryan uses community records to understand 14-15th c. responses to magic & charlatanry around Mediterranean.
#ThingsIreallyCantStand when people stare at me..."
Are you ready for the new iPad3?
I am in good spirits despite a boring job. Training is going very well. By the way I signed up for Great Floridian!
Hey its Franklin..comin over to your house. LAN
I'm using 1.0.4.2, and yes, I can post to the forum. Just didn't know if there was a quick fix for what I'm doing wrong. Thanks
what happened? I love your mama!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> on her side too
Draft night party 4/26....lets go! AYCE crabs and shit, and will be there.
I swear, Mos Wanted Crew always gets the BEsT song ! I love it cx
Thanks for the follow! We've been waiting for this day. #We've made it!!!
Love the post! And the pics! You've set the bar high, lady! :)
People making SO many bad choices!
According to NHTSA's early projections, traffic fatalities declined three percent between 2009 and 2010.
Very cool!
just finished up a hard core sesh at the gym now relaxing and sunning it up in santa monica beach house. Gotta get back into shape!
“: describe the perfect girl for you!” I dont have a perfect girl just as long as she loves me for who I am. :)
glad to hear it bud!Take care,and make sure you don't let her turn out to be a Paulina Gretzky type;god her dad must be mad lol
If I was ever given the chance to watch Niall eat food, I would probably pass out on the floor and miss everything.
Peer credibility & regular employee trust has increased. Trust in CEOs dropped dramatically. Academics & experts still top
Ew , these damn maintenance men .
Job Tip: Spend the time to weave a story when describing your experiences on your resume!
It seems like everyone around is in a relationship or in love, i'm just here like.. I like that tree.. That's a nice tree..
Need Business Space For Your Office/Store In Atlanta? Space Starts at $350/mo - Contact Donald 770-702-2044
Two great nights in a row.
WHAT!!!! No frickin' way...HAPPY BIRTHDAY EMIN!!!!
im in the bathroom and my nephew knocks on the door and says "listen man I needa go pee so open before I smash the door" lmao
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune
back to being DRY! last night was awful
Head to Suamico Ale House in Green Bay (2310 Lineville Rd.) from 4-8pm today to celebrate a year of clean air here in Wisconsin!
You're right! :) Live and let live.
hey man! Its going cool, no complaints over here. How's everything on your end? What's it like being union?
On the Road is one of my favorites. Even if you don't like it, at least you'll have read a classic
you ok? We havent talked in a while and i have LOADS to tell you.
Our First Show Back In Our Hometown Of MKE In Over 6 Months Is Saturday March 19th @ Smokin' Joe's on 61st & Beloit.Make Sure To Come See Us
#IwantSomebody who wants me just the way i am
you should have!! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
I'm really happy I made it out to tonight's #SMCSea event. As usual, I have a ton to think about and be inspired by. Great job !
Yoo bro peep my song lake city (rack city lakers remix). Search Barak lake city. On YouTube
' awh how sweet
#OTGTIPS DONT DO THE USUAL, IF U SEE EVERYBODY GO LEFT, CONSIDER GOING RIGHT
Contestants are you ready?...Gladiators are you ready?...3...2...1!
Fuck late starts!
You should rule with fear... Like obama should just pistol whip the next leader he runs into
no you are
Covering the Straight Street Climb this morning. I dont envy these racers one bit. Hills are my worst enemy...
No! Don't deflate my ego!! :) Loved seeing u! Knew there was a reason I picked TSR tonight after a 2yr hiatus! CU soon, babe!
On Madison radio today asking for money/support. Avoiding SD12 RT : When was the last time anyone actually saw Kim Simac?
Kut's radio stage about to kick off at the Convention Center! 4pm - Blitzen trapper. 5pm - Heartless Bastards. Be there!
": Remember the first day you fell inlove w/ me ?"
is too bomb< 3
#FF my boy niggas bout to be a big boy now that big 21 whoop
the round brown fox hopped over the boring dog.
Think u retweeted
trying to get a photographer out there for tonights event. follow me so I can dm you fam.
For Halloween this year I am going to read several Ambrose Bierce pieces. Yes, I even celebrate Halloween by reading!
I'm so in love with Youth Lagoon.
Just made plans for our 10 year anniversary! SO excited!!!
Letting go, just let it go.
I hate when weekends go by too fast =/
let's ride.
evidently they thinking its Yahtzee...its not a pretty sight for whoeva them shots see...lol ..classic line..
School sucks.
Did I mentioned that I've lost 10 pounds in 2 weeks! I am one happy girl this morning!:)
Me :) RT '' If I'm REAL Comfortable Around Ah Dude Thats Not My Bf , I See Him As My Brother Or Ah REAL Close Friend Type''
How about more unified calendar? Those running current orgs probably reluctant to "fold" into umbrella org...
Wake up bake up
Thanks man I can't wait
Woke up half an hour early just so i could get on the computer <33 haha i don't think i've ever been up this early for school D:
#BandsILove surfer blood
Oh tell me more. Don't believe our Baltimore paths have crossed. And I'm lacking in the cousin department.
fuckkkk hurt my knee tonight
Rapper's Delight is probably one of three 15+ minute songs I can listen to from beginning to end every time.
have I told you how much I love you lately?
I was so looking forward to a really fun season...now
OH: 1. do you know this girl? 2. I KNOW HER ON FOURSQUARE!
I hate it!
Thr car was a bit jerky (it's a manual/automatic hybrid), but a good experience.
Oh I love them, don't want them going anywhere. But they don't happen daily like Florida maybe rains 1-2x a week if we are lucky.
I don't think yall advancing but if we see yall you got it RT : Celtic vs Bulls bet
What Club are you at?
Good to know!
#ISeeYou #TreySongz&Kelly. Cutie together. Love this song
Can anyone recommend any new or innovative reggae or ska from the past decade? No Streetlight Manifesto, please.
If Noah fixed his gap he'd be "super" adorable
Hear! Hear! (or is it here! here!) Either way: Yes, yes and YES.
They pass judgment when they see me not knowing my talent will inspire many ... Not knowing I am what was what is and what will be.. I'm ME
If you are in Central AL tune into WSFA-TV tonight for VOICES comments on new AL child poverty data.
RT : Giving Drew Brees time to throw is like giving Mark Sanchez time to talk to your girlfriend.
cant wait
I did it anyway shouldn't have done it ....should of listend to her :(
Saw running through Central Park after I completed the #healthykidney10K this morning. , you are gorgeous and fit!
good question, great article too. Thanks
It fell in the handbrake compartment. Right before we donated the car he cut a slit into it & there it was!
Morons & idiots.
nothin' just really bored;p youu?
I checked in at Bliss Art House Cafe on #Yelp--> Bliss Art House Cafe isn't an arthouse, not blissful & barely a cafe.
Im so bored
Mann who you tellin.??! It irkes tf out of me!
fat butt...lol
Hi ROCKER
Thank you! Have a great Sunday/Easter!
True. Weird Al always has a very good grasp of any song he's parodying.
I need my vacation reading list. What are you reading this summer?
I wouldn't mind going over to a guys house and watching him play xbox all day and him awkwardly trying to teach me , that's bonding to me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I have the biggest crush on Nap! Lol
Doughnut delight in the Upper School hallway this a.m. God, I love this place!
External Training for Standup training classes for rolling out office 2007 may be required.
Has your desire to play #videogames been so great that it lead to work or relationship problems? Let me know!
LOL LOVE IT :D
thanks do much. You don't know how much this means to me<3
Same page -- best opp to integrate w/SB since it smothers PB relevance & timing devalues it. Already tried that though
“ Momma said don't cry over spilled milk ... Keep it moving..... #moveem”
thanks bro. How did the auditioning go by the way?
yo im a big fan of your music keep up the good work
just got some more shoulder work done. I feel better each time. Check out my doc www.drdossman.com.
Crunch time for distributor deliverables. Meetn w/editor /retrieve drive for hdcam transfer. Still seekn cheap trf loc.
“: avengers comes out today? Every nerd on earth is a little closer to knowing what the inside of a vagina feels like” HEY :(
Thanks for the kind words! Look forward to serving you soon!
Read Andrew Young's the Politician excellent ..fascinating .. sad #edwardstrial #$upport
I know but we do not have any money so I can't get iTunes cards!
in da comuter bc im bored
Save 25% on EVERYTHING at JoAnn Crafts!
ironic given the Ntl forum themes, no?
I'm about to dive into DRIVEN by James Sallis (the sequel to Drive of course). What are you guys reading? Anything cool?
Man, who tryna hit the weights w me this summer lol like no faking.
Ladies: Place your heart in the hands of God and he will place it in the hands of a man who he believes deserves it.
Ozzie Guillen: “Everything I say here is from my heart the truth. I am not trying to get out of a problem.”
My twitter is so slowed.
Hope you had a fantastic time! RT : We're braving the road to Hana today!
We do best when our message, our tactics, and our values line up. Our whole point is love & respect - double down on that.
#wearing the fabulous dress I bought on #retailtherapy shopping trip in San Francisco. Love it!
more puppy pics please ;)
where were you? Will I at least see you at Hunger Games? (cc )
would wide --> she bad
You're too kind. I might be. Expanding my horizons.
i always make my mom get them for me and she just looks at me like i'm 4...
Just doing a little tracking
Whoa...be still my heart. Lots of werkin it out there...hott.
Favorite song is "Going Back To Cali"
I hate this..
you get a baby! Everyone gets a baby!!!
“Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.” <U+2015> C. JoyBell <3
Me ! ": nd me.“ Me !!!! RT : Anyone want tickets for CHS graduation? I'll sell them for 2$ each”"
up a little early to watch tour and get ready for last group ride before
Women & men! Do you think more media/public images of breastfeeding women would help normalize it? Now breasts just=sex.
its crazy that #oomf is so excited to leave the city but tells me all the time she wanna stay the night and be with me
Consider posting your resume to HRJOBBOARD.COM! New and exciting HR positions posted daily.
Join #TedMcclintic at #Butler University tonight as we help #IACC collect dog and cat food donations with
It was so embarrassing :'(
that's some tough love...
Wow taking notes on tonight's show in my life class journal! This is good stuff!
I am tearing up just looking at him. My mom is getting me cat supplies for my birthday.
lol how big is it? And were Bffs! Not bff!
I feel a little badass today... Weird.
You know you watch too much tennis when you can name top 100 players but can't remember your kids names
<closes 6 windows>
Radically rearranging the furniture is sometimes just as satisfying as buying new furniture.
I finally have enough money for my board! :D Just need to wait till Friday so that my friend can get me it :)
I got my cap and gown for graduation today, it's all starting to feel real now.
yeah dude crutches suck...that's why I prefer a wheelchair at school!
I need 1 more follow for 1130 shoutout for shoutout?follow for follow?
gorgeous family! !! Have fun taking those boys to drama :-)
Involved in #docmanagement & #datacapture in Europe? Follow for updates on our EMEA business and happenings
once the bombthreatfest is over, I'm going to have to change my text msg sound. Now I have a pavlovian reaction to it: textsound=bombthreat.
I hte girls that wear those ugly sandals where theres one strap between the big toe
At my grandparents for dinner. It's mothers day and my moms at work all night :/
my moms birthday is tomorrow, still haven't gotten her anything. smh.
Robby introduced me to it, but I don't think of him when I watch it :P
ha! have you read the Erik Larson book on Marconi (Thunderstruck)? v. interesting tho I still liked Devil in White City best.
you straight ?
Party tonight with
Paul Szczechura TJ Brennan showcased their hitting powers as "Chewy" went to the warning track and Brennan hitting from both sides of plate.
Everyone is just comfortable with who remains in the subclass.
The grass may be greener on the other side, but then again you still have to mow it…
I love ur Mr. Toastman BTW it sucks when people do that !
Bet yours is GREAT! RT : Hanging out tonight for final showcase of playwright class. Let's see some plays in development.
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you say the word ratchet.
Thanks for following!
Good night
OMG I MISS IT
The Mobile Food Rodeo is tomorrow in Freemont with 35 trucks, beer gardens, music, more, 12-7pm!
my computer is going to die..
smile. It only gets better from here. You have a whole lifetime of awesomeness to explore. Dont frown. Not yet :)
Non-Slip Bath Mats :: Baby Bathing &amp; Skin Care
About To Drop A Nuke In Bathroom.
I love #drag queens! The world would be. oh. so. boring. without them! xoxo, Downtown
if not that, a scrolling marquee in all caps?
wow, that is this weekend isn't it?
Tired of seeing people with the "c" on their profile pic that are ripping Crosby. Do you even know what the C means? Obviously not
nearly finished with Cannac, CD. No. 5 in 2012 Stories. Stay tuned!
good one!
lol...then you'll get a kick out of this song ;)
Golden Girls is one of the best shows ever created
Flash: Obama mannequin hung from noose in NYC. A mannequin resembling Romney allows him to be in two places at one time and no one notices.
Spring break has changed to the week of April 18th.
is thanking Christopher for all of the wonderful things he does for me. I LOVE YOU and I am looking forward to being your wife in 367 days!
followed hey iam a muslam too nice to meet u
If Jesus has nothing better to do than smite me, I have LOTS of tweeting to do be4 it strikes RT cue lightning bolt
RT great to see Boston last night, Other Lives were fantastic. See you when we're back in the fall.
There's a WI one already formed. I'm sure they'd accept Wayne. :) How you doing man? I'm psyched for the season!
that's sweet :) u can, how are you <3
Can someone please explain to me why there is YET ANOTHER SHOW SET IN NYC WITH NO (ethnic) DIVERSITY?
Tweet 1111 coming soon !!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!! PLEASE
"Its like a perfect buldge....."
Hi Dan I'm teaching Perf Mgmt again tomorrow and will share your two by for fun. Love PM since it is very challenging stuff
Tommorow is montgomerypalooza so we want to see everyone out there! Great music, food, and fun! Hopefully we will see u there!
you might try Resident Evil: Degeneration Tags Action, Horror, Sci Fi, Violence, Zombies
Thank you Easter Bunny! Bock bock!
Now discussing steps to better manage overtime, personnel and sick time in one central office.
all they do is put the money in the points fund!!!!!! Go to a higher level !!!
One big problem with the stage at #edcities - all f-ing men (besides the moderator).
u guys can all be related LOL :-)
Hosting the Guns & Hose St. Patty's Day Tournament. Good luck to all the Police and Fireman participating in today's event!!
Educators should do everything possible to empower students.
3 more followers !? (:
From today's Listserve: "Goodbyes are part of life. If they hurt it just means that the first Hello involved was a blessing."
Also , strorage seems to effect camera settings. we have seen on multiple occasions the change in setting from H.264 and MPEG4 to MJPEG
. LOL! Don't spread that around!
when did you unfollow me?
Mia Birk on stage at #BikeExpo. Love seeing our Portland peeps up here!
to f**kn funny
lol wow that's stupid. It's like for us in 6th grade we took Spanish tho all our lives we took French:P
identifying as a womanist vs feminist is a personal choice. Living in a self-determined way is what's important.
Fuck this bitch mean
iight i did if u want u can call me now
Who the hell puts "terms & conditions" on a viral website promoting a movie. Oh right you never disappoint.
Beauty Is More Den Just A Look On Da Outside, But Its Watz On Da Inside 2.
RT : It's not true that nice guys finish last. Nice guys are winners before the game even starts.
BTW, saw your grandpops and uncle while I was at the crib a few weeks back, they said to tell u what's up
We had a great time played....Recordame and Theres No Greater Love
Okay Trivia time! What legendary soul singer wrecked his Corvette the first time he drove it?
thanks for the retweet!
thanks bro! It's almost finished! Well it will never be "finished", always improving. But another rack, more rowers & airdynes.
I am good just been busy!!
I have a snowblower fairy! Yea! Thank u!
So excited that Death Cab For Cutie will be playing the Memorial Coliseum on Oct. 20 - tix on sale Friday @ 11a.
Why so elusive? Is there a book in the works?
. Blessings. And yes: My two 2X cancer friends are SO unfazed by life's little whatevers... even spiders.
#wepawave ! RT : I cant wait to meet with my #topbloguera team - lots to discuss impacting families
haha lets rage than!!!
I hate filling out forms too. Probably because being an English major trained me to see ambiguity everywhere.
in Dallas!? okay, we'll wait ;)
Me? Cool? Aw, thanks ! I'd probably be cooler in a Beemer or Mercedes, tho... ;)
Getting My Day started late
Is your store still be open in April of next year? im coming to new jersy and wanted to visit it if it
Real Talk RT “: The only person you should ever compare yourself to is the person you used to be.”
CHAN you need to follow me
Not all those who wander are lost. - J. R. R. Tolkien
Dateless Brown- Buddy Rich starting out the day.
Embarking on a 96-hour social media #detox as of 2200 EDT. <- let us know how quickly you get the twitch - or headaches. :)
We are now able to provide basic reputation management to our clients. Better things are coming down the road.
you're welcome<33
I feel you pimp
I can't wait to get married and have kids and do all that stuff sigh the teenage life is not for me.
djqkskdbdhslf ikr. it was so FUN and he was adorable omg. but id rather it be cancelled than have him/anyone get hurt :c
Who wants to come over and have Ice Cream Floats with me!? #selfless ;))))
Only 7 followers away from our first book giveaway
Possibly another sold out night at victor! The Ed hardy intimates setting the runway in 2 hours
Joining us this weekend?
In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two.
haha you don't carry any books in there anyway I'll fit!
You are awesome! You will be great. I should take lessons. I love ballroom dancing.
Happy Birthday!!!!! <3
Hey everybody it's me Mason who is outside playing in the mud getting ready for the run April 14th.
not only does he row crew, he also urgs
Happy Easter everyone! PB and Jay will be up in New Hampshire this week recording Jackson Wetherbee!!
teamsters firefighters, nurses,NAACP,Ironworkers,Steelworkers,Cops,teachers, families,factoryworkers,college kids,unions from ALLover the US
At #Apache bout to start my weekend yeah I said it. And it don't stop till weekend after
Are we to seriously believe that the #TSA's job is to protect the american people, meanwhile we do not profile or protect the #borders?
not by choice
rewriting Hemingway's Moveable Feast for today's audiences. Going quickly. It's true, we will always have Paris.
Twitter Fights make me laugh :)
Lol I don't give af if you gotta problem w my attitude *subtweet*
Alright. No more moping and dreams of sunshine. This book isn't going to write itself! Rolling up sleeves. Cue the writing montage music!
Chris n Steve r brothers ..great family ! RT : Is Steve Lombardozi, Chris lombardozi's son? #gccc"
#katyperrysucks on kca this is awful! ;( so sad
it's not something taught, you have to be born with it
It's raining really hard here in San antonio): come cuddle,I'm scared!
Working on other projects because my thoughts on current one keep circling back to "why do I even bother?"
What a replacement for Memorial Stadium, beautiful retro style. Baseball stadiums are the finest in sports.
I <U+2665> your duet on tonight's episode of Glee! I'm sure Whitney would be proud! you sang really well! =D
What a privilege to see death via "social media." I can choose to look away. I could just go shopping, right? Retail therapy, it's called..
Bummed I had to reschedule so many things today.
lol that's cool
Hey man, let's see if this works.
should be great! looking forward to it!
Thanks for the kind words.
wicked definitely met expectations, just thought the sound system would be a lot more impressive in gershwin.
Can't stop thinking about you
can you say....mirror!
Watched the avengers. I love 's cameos!
O my dad's suing someone. He mad lol
nah am naturally beautiful :p
Sorry couldn't resist the pun.
Whats Up Bro
LET GOD GET YOU HIGH TODAY ON HIS LOVE!!! CAUSE AT THE END OF THE DAY, 4-21 IS COMING AND YOU WILL STILL BE THE SAME PERSON...
Dew points in the 20's and gusty winds all day has put #RVA under a Red Flag Warning. High today around 73.
Long ass day of band writing. Hopefully will have a new song in our set list for next Saturday. Hit me up for tickets!
Seriously I bawled. I mean I hate to say it, but I bet that dog doesn't live long. His love and loyalty is amazing!!!
Thank you for following me!
OMG OMG I knew you existed! I prayed to you often :)
how long did they take on the grill? we need to do a smoker vs grill cookoff
first ebay caching successful.
RT i like people who feel the need to pretend they aren't serious.
Made it on the plane. I'm coming home San Antonio. #Stuck in Vegas
getting a morning text from the boo is the best :)
I know right lol
it sucks that I can't retweet some of your images...
Beating the heat indoors with my two favorite gals. Boy it's hot!
Irish specials all month! Today serving Ulster "Soda Bread" Benedict- rashers, wilted spinach, fried eggs, tomatoes, green herb hollandaise.
Happy fathers day!
#wheneverimbored I think about how you complain about never having a girlfriend and I just wanna say...
neither did l.
even i heard
Happy belated birthday ! :) RT “: S/O to errybody dat wished me a happy bday yestaday !”
It's not "your website" as you referred to it as, Jasmine, it's OUR website, evry1s
just don't make me live on my fuckin knees, you know
I wanna talk to you so bad , but i want you to text me first ;/
Please Talk Back To Me...!:(
i've not seen Cross of Iron. I will add that. Saw Avengers tonight. Very pleased. The Joss Wheedon comeback/dialogue is excellent.
Walk like warriors, we were never told to run.
The colon is the largest contributor to disease of any organ in the body. It is said to be the initiator of 80% of all critical illnesses.
thanks. No FB for me - just twitter.
RT : Software #startups with great ideas in #energy: now accepting Spring 2012 program applications...
So far 90 min spent just on Pre-Observation #nysut rubric tagging for #appr Principals will need to delegate to do this well.
work later -_-
I hella wanted to go I have a bottle of heem still. What's good with today. I was hella happy too see you. You get down now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
My Spleen!
All contracts should be put out to bid, but Chicago and State of IL have done it in the most harmful way to human services.
Thirty more followers to go help me get to 100 follow me and I will follow u rite back
People give attitude to others in life probably because the bs that goes on in there life
Live for now. Hope for tomorrow.
This mane crazy u gt me messed up lol
RT: Make It To The Tonight!!! Shoutout to hallowpoint for making this party go down each and every friday!!!
Glad to give it! Most important to me right now is speed/design of admin UI...
i wanna be baked af
Quick! Where's a good place to get pizza in Birmingham?!
Mr. Obama, would you please "evolve" on your views towards our Constitution and be for it too? Gosh that would be nice to see!
Milk makes me go sleepy
why can't I watch the Tor v MTL or COL v NE?????
You don't look gross! Ahh you cut your hair! :D
That awkward moment when you try to jump into a conversation and you get completely ignored.
Thanks for helping to spread the word about WeSeed. We're here if you have any questions or feedback. :-)
First video: Luxury Costa Concordia cruise ship runs aground
Rumor has it they have to enter 1st! : not even 1 #italianwine trophy winner? Did we read that correctly?
I would agree that his work is overrated.
I'm gonna close my eyes and dream! Then open them to figure out how much time do I have to get there.
Hi Michelle, thanks for the follow, see you here on the Island, me too, networker, me too how long have you been networking?
Wow. We're going to need a LOT of ADR.
Four "likes" shy of 14,000!
Love love love tony karaoke favorite behind clumsy thumbsy!
From shaundeeb: Players will be paid w/i 90 days, FTP will be open in the US market, Isai will be stepping down from the co.
Worked on a feature being shot in Charlotte this week and rehearsal for another one end of next month... plus lots of
Oh, c'mon, Travolta was just trying to get the masseur to his next Thetan level!
#GoNuggets RT : Nuggets vs. Lakers is speed vs. power
Go Pirates! I hope they can keep the momentum going. I'd be nice to see them do well, and give us some good news for a change.
New Years resolution.... Stop feeling sorry for myself and making myself miserable. 2012 is going to be an amazing year!!
THREE email newsletters this morning on how to effectively use Facebook for marketing. Give it up, people. Ain't gonna happen here.
": I don't see any support on my time line SK street king put in your tweets or I'm not reading or retweeting."you don’t need the #$$
"what is (a) definition content marketing?" "creating media so you can be your own advertiser"
And this is why I need my own car ... I hate having to wait for my dad to get home from work everyday -.-
#babygirlnacole his names nate he's 22 n I'm 30 lol,I've never been so happy
We have a band concert tonight and I'm not going
and Twitter missed you! ;)
Watched the Polar Express, 3-year-old in bed after 'best Christmas ever.' and Packers crushing bears. Yeah. OK day
Blackbird International Corporation Announces Its Contracts With Major International Companies
went REALLY well. We'll catch up soon.
it wnt let me it's not highlighted
SO MANY NEW VIDEOS!!!
so here we go... apparently.. being skinny makes you invincible.. lol...
After wasting my time with Syracuse, UNC, and Cal last week I am ready to watch a real team at the Garden...GO HUSKIES CHYEAH
Man I hate
Safety car making epic drive look less impressive.
we are heading back home to Nashville
There's always something 2 b thankful 4, all because of the man above, so on this day still smile :)
Back From The Mall(: Fun Timez With My Gurlies ;) #sittinginmylittletinyapartment :P
Those Kobe's look cool btw.
Eatin at On The Border with my mom
She coos through French verses in one and English verses in another, along with a sweetly sung chorus. Excited.
Anyone have the software for EASY WORSHIP I cld download?? I had it on my computer before my big crash but don't have the original disc now!
Jesus with a save, No Tebow in NY?
ITPC: Talking about Educational Technology funding
I no but cant believe your having a go @ me for a little spelling mistake in a tweet to ! There is worse going on
i just called it the rant for now. but swagswagswag was a close second!
I too had pineapple for breakfast. As well as oranges and celery
MARTIN HANZAL you fag...you're not supposed to board someone like that! I hope you're suspended!
It worked, and I'm glad I did. May have to do that again.
Nicole Richie&#39;s Fashion Headpiece Love in House of Harlow | New ...
It's a scifi movie w/Bruce Willis & Milla Jovovich. They had cubbies built in the walls w/beds. Some "hotels" in Japan have them.
I'm glad that Michelle thought that joke was ridiculously lame too.
Dont get me wrong, I freakin love the boyfriend video but it pisses me off with all those hot chicks -_- #jealousbelieber :(
Our sons shall not be taken from us to unlearn/All that we have been able to teach them of charity, mercy and patience +
<U+2665> Three solutions to every problem: accept it, change it, leave it. If you can't accept it, change it. If you can't change it, leave it. <U+2665>
“: I'm mourning the loss of my Grandfather .... Can't believe he's gone ...”<<keep your head up fam, my condolences
The difficult we do immediately;the impossible takes a little longer US Army
- Best show on television!
Rio for Carnaval!!!!
i know, let's do a live spot right at noon on wednesday in the campus area, during the scheduled tornado siren test.
Saw my #childhood at breakfast this morning. --Olympic Gold Medalist & Host of #FigureItOut!
thanks! will check it out.
Mad dat me n the hubby cnt celebrate our 8 mnth anniversary bcuz im too sick :( the gud thing is he jst wants me to get better. hes da best.
I have been using the Background Layouts from www.tweetxilla.com. Very easy 2 apply the apps. I recommend using the apps.
leave in conditioner! RT : what's one hair product you can't live without?
Poll: Do you agree or disagree that sessions are NOT touching upon the needs of libs? And we're not talking about the afterparties.
understand or appreciate that, then someone should slap you(: haha jk. but seriously, just understand that everything is changing for (c)
Lots of discussion around need for local champions, community engagement to get coastal communities safer
Enjoy your party Australia, you deserve it has done you proud
can you do another tinychat again please
lol oh yeah! Just as filling AND you get a ice cream cone!!
Have many athletes played at both UofL & UK during their careers? I remember the Late Marvin Stone did. Interesting perspectives
East Oakland
love the ePun!
I believe it! RT : On 60 min they said that sugar has the same effects as cocaine on the brain
I miss you Sophie! We might need a trip up to London next week - guess who is in the country!!! (; <3
Yes, was nice to finally meet you in person! wait till next year when he does the east races, then its far!! Lol
24-Hour Countdown. See you all tomorrow.
Back from the foot doctor. A drummel tool really? Real high tech.
Thanks, Shira. Tom is my friend. I'm sure he will do something nice with that space.
What's the best way to read GoogleBooks on iBooks? Either by downloading the PDF or other ways?
going to go pick up my computer :D
Ahem. Shopping cart racing is occurring tomorrow. But you didn't hear it from me.
My colleague and I have had problems with the site for a week now. Just wanted to make someone aware.
Dirtdobber Blues has been singled to be sold in premiere HOB retail locations!
extra large head ass nigga....
Heard at work: " we are not out to solve world hunger". Me: "sure but can we at least prepare a menu?".....
If you have to feast on human flesh in the post rapture apocalypse don't forget to use dipping sauces.
See you tomorrow at 6pm for #MMA #Conditioning .
Sharon Needles Fo sho!!!! Drag is all about fierce uniqueness!
Craving chicken and waffles with maple syrup. Yummy
Emancipation Day...do some research...know your history
I fort my iPad! We'll be out side in a sec.
Ridin around blowin on stink bombs
in sunny tampa at business meeting with some of my pharmacy peeps
thinkn of u this evening! I know you will rock it ;) best wishes Champ!!!!
Sounds good to me!
a little more GTL and he'll be good to go
Its a secret.
What is you opposition do you have to Glenn Beck or the Tea Party peacefully and legally gathering at a public space.
I once got mistaken for a man twice the same day, and I was wearing jeans & a tank swimsuit. I have witnesses to this.
School's Cool!
Not really a v-neck fan however I will reconsider with some help of Assault and Shred-Matrix!
nice. you're mostly local. i'm all over the place. just picked random teams as a kid and stuck with them lol. u watchin clips??
Make sure you all wish a VERY Happy Birthday!
At least my face doesn't look like a fucking pizza, yo. Do better.
Great excuse to visit Mickey D's and also get some 69 cent cheeseburgers today!
#diabetes is preventable. Learn more by texting HEALTH to 300400.
Anyone have experience with InD-->XML (or vice versa) workflows, especially when dealing with illustrated books?
good staff makes it 100x easier to work in the industry . I hope that owners and managers hold on to their good staff!!
It would. Email us with some idea of what it should contain and we'll go from there.
Monday am, who is on the grind trying to get their clothes to the peeps that matter most!!
that's what you think. You should see my shrine to u. It's fabulous. All we need are more toys!
Such an amazing day!!:)) Especially that I got to spend it with :)
A chocolate lab
at the most basic and simple level yes.
haha. I've watched it like a million times and crack up laughing every time.
Was also able to meet some of my favorite host from my favorite podcast.Carla from Corellan Run, Justin from Darth hater and Zach-Mos Eisley
A common complaint in ARG from my 6-yr old, except everyone in Bs. As. seemed to own multiple dogs.
agreed was not as impressed w/ them as I usually am blessings :)
Word of the day: kwashiorkor (n)- malnut. disease caused by xtrm protein & vit. deficiency (retarded growth/pigment changes/potbelly/anemia)
Also, that handball/PK call that just took place in the Portland v Montreal game is another awful display of MLS refereeing
All of my moms perfume smells the best. But why doesnt my Juicy Couture, Coach, And True Religion smell better?
Sitting in my room while my roommate moves out.
One month!
I met Adam in DC at a free Tibet protest when I was in high school. Incredible person really sad to hear about his passing.
touché! RT One man, one wife, says Romney—whose great-grandfather had five wives, and great-great-grandfather had 12.
Hey , is STILL waiting on his tickets from and getting no response! Time is running out! Please help him!
Yum ham, egg & cheese bagel with some chocolate milk to start this rainy day
Has anyone tried the new Bud Light Platinum? Not exactly sure what to think about it...
We are overdue for happy hour!
Sick of sentimental #CivilWar books? Read GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan. $2.99 AmazonKindle. Gritty tale of women in Hooker's camp.
i will b arriving at thurs to attend the teacher in flight #microgravity university any suggestions?
M: Oh you got stabbed yesterday? But your still coming in tomorrow right?? SA: um no -__-
cool! happy 4:20 Friday to you!
Nothing wrong w. pointing out looks can add to EV, but contextualizing pix would b better
I'm ready. I'm always ready.
When everyone randomly stops texting back. <<<
Ok Ogden, Utah...We're fucking here at THE BASEMENT and you should be too!
you wouldn't be saying that if you had my porpoise melodies invading your ear holes. gigity.
ALL ENDURING SUCCESS IS FOUNDED UPON HARMONIOUS HUMAN RELATIONSHIPS. ~NHill
yes of course. what days are you free?
me too! I hope you win <3
is it awesome I'm following you?
shh just be my toilet seat sighra
you forgot your jacket on the bus girrrrlllll. I'll give it to you tomorrow yah heard ?
Bless us O Lord & these Thy gifts which we r about 2 receive from Thy bounty. Through Christ Our Lord. Amen
lol yeah, but when they ask who I'm with I'm just like "Jason" or one of the boyz names.
Dick Clark RIP.
#fritofan my favorite way to enjoy Tositos® Artisan Recipes® flavored tortilla chips is with guacamole and homemade salsa
If only I could get all my personalities on the same page
Feels weird doing interactive in javascript and animation in css3, but it sure looks great on an iPad
smh not you... Your school. We fsu
....Hey Prego!! What's in there?..lol
thanks bro!
night, Rhett!! :) (or morning, for you?)
“: I owe you a return phone call. But on a side note, your studio looks *gorgeous*.”|| THANK YOU. AND YES LETS LINK
Blizzard, Valve Settle DOTA Lawsuit Blizzard and Valve revealed this afternoon that they've resolved their legal spat over the DOTA trade
And now Middlebrooks' first major league homer is just a footnote to a fiasco. No justice
Macallan has a 60...but it'll cost you.
Creating FBML page for our facebook page.
At least you're not having inner dialogues. Ppl need doctors for that kinda stuff
& are the shit
Yesterday is dead and over.
schemes & dreams to get the dollars from....schemes & dreams to get the dollars from.....
Well...that wasn't so bad...
awe:/ I found out I'm gonna do mine next week:p wish we didn't have to do them at al:'( I'm so nervous.
Watching the packers at terp's.
That's the plan!
Thanks for the RT!
i noticed that once people R in a jury and impact of their decision is realized, they R more serious than tweeps are
Dang it Dallas!!
“: They say that true love hurts well this could almost kill me” best song ever
It's6:40 am I've been at work for an hour already. Where you at?
Thought 's big announcement On The Verge might have been he was leaving Think the real news might be worse.
Late Night text or call?
Here we go Così fan tutte #mozart boss
officially done with my 1st year of my doctoral program. dang, what a rollercoaster it was. i need a moment to catch my breath....
Great 5m run! Feels good to feel good!
Any news on when we'll be able to log in?
Happy Born Day to my beautiful baby girl who turned 11 today! She's excited; I, on the other hand, might have a nervous breakdown.
Well then. Oh your going to bed. Goodnight Noah.(: I love youu <3
I'm watching on tv. So crazy.
oh for real dude
just early contractions so hopefully they not comming yet....but thank u!
I cannot believe I have been in grad school 4 years and am JUST NOW READING this Mbembe article on Necropolitics.
Coaching a family today on Mental Management. It's always a pleasure when families attend training together. Great Day!
Tried kale chips for the 1st time. They are actually really good! :)
#AskDerulo What's your favorite animal?
Got it.
Gettin' 'er done at the studios
I love.you so much please follow me IM a big fan of you and kian
If y'all looking to record or mixing n mastering hit us up
both of my girls are in high school now. university city high and kearny digital media design
It's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring. - Marilyn Monroe
Why do I still follow Jonathan cook
I hope so, if not, I'll send you a picture :)
love this show!! Glad for the new season!!!!
Wayzata's red trolley won't be rolling through town this summer. Why its going away after 20 years in a live report on KSTP at 5.
"Top Scholar" 2nd rd ingredients (V-themed): Vico, Vitanza, Virtual, and Ventriloquism. (Brought to you by the number 5).
Zimmerman looks like he's 17. Lmao
When your friend tells your crush you like them #bitchplease i can do it on my own...
Fleishman-Hillard lunch with Janet Robinson, New York Times President/CEO. Excited to hear her take on media!
shocking news about beer. Good luck.
#txtestfest Texas Co-Op Power Magazine USED to list the Testosterone Festival. This month, they DIDN'T. They're trying to keep the MAN down.
Glad you're so eager to get one! Thanks for the patience. I'll shoot you a tweet the second they're up!
So proud of my dear friend Lisa Panici - she beat the odds and overcame stage four brain cancer. Love you, Nini!
He that waits upon fortune is never sure of a dinner. ~Benjamin Franklin
Could you follow us back?Would mean a lot!:)
are you getting nervy?!
RT : Excited to have talk at our Client Summit today.
Masquerade Ball 2 | Noche de Pecados 2 going BIG tomorrow night at Qube. Also celebrating Daniel Merchan's Birthday BASH! Party Time!
Romney so out of touch with middle class it's obscene. His idea of going without shelter is getting caught on golf course when raining!
that looks like a fun night! I hope you behaved yourself ;)
"Every girl needs to be Wu-ed"
I love my big lil bro jay jay. He's fucking
For a moment, I thought you were actually going to pass out.. Seriously.. Tennis court with
i'LL BE BACK IN DA D soon. Tryna set up shop here fa now.
Thanx for the tip
a few months, yes. I am really loving it and don't think I'll ever leave :)
everytime they call it's like 1 - 2 in the morning..
hurray! but, the link isn't working!
awwh the one in madison?
I was watching the banter, & you were "spot on."
That is to be expected and completely normal
Thursday: Beef Shows, 4-H Horse Show, 4-H Goat Show, Premier Showmanship Contest, Cheese Auction, Cheerleader Expo & Milk Chugging Contest.
Yup :) i finally got one! :)
Standard paper cannot be folded in half more than 7 times. I guess I shall have to test this.
Had to close my office door to listen to ustream, it's hilarious!!!
& at metro lanes for the "She Will" video.
Awkward moment when an 8th grade teacher is at your gym...
Follow Me!!!
Move over American Idol, there's a new cool contest in town. It's the "Western Cooling Challenge", and the winner was...
: Today= •Palm Sunday • April Fools Day • Having A Birthday Party With My Family <3
TV DRAMA.
Nicely done sir. You are an excellent writer! Enjoyed your article and the points you made.
thanks for the support!
Neither one of us can afford to invoke the wrath of caffeine!
Listening to Total Praise...trying to get my mind right for what God is going to do today.
that&#39;s awesome. I feel this brewing history stuff is going to quickly spiral out of control for me haha.
THANK YOU to everyone who joined us on Saturday for 's One Thing That's Green! Queens is greener because of your help!
I hate not having socks on at the movies!
Remember half the people you know are below average.
They're taking all the damaged furniture out of Galerias; it looks pretty nasty in there.
surprising my mom at work with my nephew and niece<<
Seems people that don't look like me, form gangs. They wear Red and Blue clothes and shoot at each other. Usaully just hit kids
Come to Five Guys for a drunk eating sesh tn!
Er, I hate Google Checkout. I click "Accept" and nothing happens. Did my charge go through? Do I do it again? Fail
Joe Flaco is not the best QB in the NFL that spot is reserved for
Yes he complains everyday to the grounds crew on how the field sucks.
Watch out for the ones to get what they want from you, then it's a rap....
Someone please tell me that is going to be going to be at Spring Formal tonight. #Ke$ha
"Progress is not created by contented people. ”- Frank Tyger
2011.09.04 #Brewers 4 #Astros 0 | Now that's more like it / Astros sweep perfect prelude / to St. Louis trip.
how you feel about original instrumentals with a unique sound No samples
All bst LL Tx 4 fllwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
By the end of the day #OnlyAtViewPark is going to be a trending topic!
We're busy finalizing goodies and props for a Bridal Session on the 24th. Looking forward to our first stylized shoot!
lol, that made me laugh out loud at work
yeah why are u eating my chips
Appreciation attracts appreciation!
WTF you aint stuck in the 80's BITCH you were born on '92
when I think of integrity in college basketball I think of IU. Mark Adams, Kelvin Sampson & Bobby Knight r all great IU reps
Hahah well I don't even know what to start with!!
So you're saying that it's ok for Fielder to blow off a female reporter to go talk to ESPN? And it's ok to drop F bomb on nat. TV?
I had a high school crush on Junior Seau. :(
Usherraymondiv happy Birthday Mr.Raymond
eh. I miss parts of it.
Everyone who's on #summerbreak treat everyday like its the last day of summer and do it wearing some Halfcut ;)
Watching NCIS with Viggle Wed | 7PM | USA Get real rewards just for watching TV.
oh okay love you
A 75mm-long bone of a Velociraptor helps scientists learn about the 75million year old dinosaur.
Eradication of #slavery is possible when we continue to demand it. enforcement can be attained with our persistence via
I got 11:11 on replay in the car & my moms even singing to it !!
I wonder how many people got high today...
following back :)
any clue why ESPN2 and Tennis Channel both are airing the same live match (Lisicki).
When you can live with all your opposite qualities, you will be living your total self.
nun LOL y'all miss me online I'm not gone be on this weekend
I effing love the packers draft so far.
Happy Valentines Day to my baby. And happy valentines day to
Some of you guys need to stop complaining every 2 mins on twitter, and do something with your lives
You are our hero
Thanks for the RT, Miss L!
God rest the soul of one of the greatest dogs not just on YouTube, but ever.
Watching #Thevoice.. Man I love and how can you not enjoy Ceelo's group performance?!
"Don't stress cause we getin blessed they aint part of the congregation, they can talk to the devil to hell with they conversation"
Never discuss your weakness with anyone, because once they know them that's when they take advantage of you.
Hunger by Knut Hamson. Or Crime and Punishment. This is a toughie.
Karma flow 2day
Confessions of a shopaholic = really cute movie! I wish I could be so frivolous with my money....jealousy....grrrr...green scarf....
Blue states pay the most federal taxes. Guess which states take the most federal subsidies. (Hint: think Red).
no more like a secluded world
MAN A NIGGA BEEN SO LOW ALL I COULD DO IS COME UP<U+2755>
#ialwayswonderif somewhere along the YEARS of adventuring Link and Zelda hooked up
It's smooth sailing from now on
Here at Paint Valley HS where friends are giving up their shot at homecoming queen in memory of a classmate killed in Feb
I have plenty of high
b safe *hugs*
Great sentiment! RT "'Stop worrying about the potholes in the road and celebrate the journey.' – Fitzhugh Mullan"
Come on in folks! We have Happy Hour until 7p.m. - over 50 items on our menu, plus, Bryan's bartending!
damn people are so fucking 2 faced it isn't even funny
the flight safety video needs some work. I do like Gershwin though.
My grandmas the cutest. I say luv u grandma and she says luv u too sweety. All my sweetys! :-))
Rosa pastel :)
Plato discusses habituation in his writings...
Had a gud day today got up extra early I'm ready to crash now
yea! I watch this video al the time..
Do you live in Sweden? haha ok thank u :)
its funny . one hug made my whole entire night the best night of my liiiifeee ! (:
This lady just gave me $5 tip, that's whats up<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
So is my mentions gonna be dead all night? If so, I'm going to sleep. Bye.
Break out the rye bread and mustard grandma it's grand salami time
You're hot! Thx for tweeting www.makingdolikemama.com. Sorry for the late holler-back. How's your novel? Mwah!
they are still doing CPR!!
have you seen honormosaic.tumblr.com? :)
THIS PLACE ABOUT TO BLOWW...
Im Grown As Hell. Dis La Bitch Tellin Ha Mom And Shit.
Real niggas don't always survive in the end but we look good while we doing it
why do you always post these so late!
Yess ! Its october 1st , the cold is coming :D hello hoodies & hot chocolate <3
Agreed. Lunardi's intern is working the late-night shift.
hahaha that he is!
Work is done. On bus back to the hotel. Another #FinalFour in the books. Once again a great experience. Fortunate to have this opportunity.
Be an original. Not a copy. <3
It's nice to know that even if I don't fall in love, there are people who just want me for sex.
woohoo! You're going with us right?
We talked after, right? Sorry, didn't mean to give you a weird look. I get mistaken for other people a lot, so no worries.
Tomorrow morning we will announce the winners of the Baltimore Screenwriters Competition!
In lieu of a nap, saw The Lorax with a nervous, twitchy, sleepy 3-yr-old. Probably not going to do that again.
I LOVE MARS CHEESE CASTLE!
happy holidays everyone! :)
I don't think I've ever taken a full 3 weeks off of work. Hurray for summer in higher ed.
Happy Birthday!
National polling would support that, I think. College educated more supportive of gay marriage and/or civil unions
DOne with an Elmur Fudd'like speech..."We serve customers..we don't target customers. We don't shoot'em. " Rob Wolcott
Don’t fall in love with the blessings. Fall in love with the Blessor. If you will seek the Blessor, God will give you what nothing else can.
Karl rove is a fat pig. Suddenly grouping Paul with......HUNTSMAN??! REALLY! Group 1st place with dead last to make a statement. Charming.
I need a girl in my life
I've missed walking into panda and not having to stand in line for 20 minutes.
Kentridge tight end springs into Oregon State football
Riese: Kingdom Falling is pretty cool - just started watching it on Xbox Live (yeah I know I'm late)
now that sound like my kind of place I might come & buy u DRINKS
The show last night was so funn!!!
I hope my term "lollapalosers" catches on
My day consists of listening to and watching #StorageWars (:
I hadn't before, but now I have.
Sorry I didn't see any of you on Friday but boy did I learn a lot! long drive home too
You right, you right. I shooooooo can't.
Ok. I spent $7 bucks on the Mega Millions!
Niners are handling business...Giants just won 8 straight! Great day!
Happy Easter! Have a wonderful Sunday, everyone.
Kissed a smoker last night. It was gross. Most unattractive thing.
haha all good. First 2yrs I was at altoona, then sutton court, park hill, and finally NIttany crossing. Never live that far! Haha
sweetheart thanks for the follow nice to tweet your acquaintance <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
It's super overcast here. No gardening here. I'm hoping there will be some babying! :)
I'm not sure what his definition of Texas style is exactly. Can you give me more?
thank you Derek (:
Classes are now on Tuesday Nights starting at 8pm - Bible Study 7pm with Pastor
as for this weekend, it's my bestie's bday so going to dinner then out for drinks, then a party tomorrow, and probably crashing
": Is it gay or magic if you pull a rabbit out of your ass? (the rabbit also has a boner and nipple clamps and is openly gay)"
Been getting a lot of mixed info about Whitney Houston. Just saw the report from TMZ though. Hope that its wrong.
great fucking movie
New GTA5: they copied what they have done on PS2 except they missed out the best of the series? Way to innovate & impress your fans.
Just killed it at the gym heavy sets today.
At kissfm! More tix given away today!
Mike wants to know what happened to John Kerry's face. Anyone have a clue?
Yo while u in a good mood, I would luv u 2 check at least 1 o my joints. I def got a banger 4 u. DM me an email.
Me too! RT : thrilled to kick it this weekend with ya and
Get valuable advice about choosing your major from Columbia College juniors and seniors. Tuesday, 11-1, Lerner Hall, Roone Arledge.
nope, but maybe during my next pass of the lobby. :)
thanks for listing; we're more local than less without a doubt! Enjoy your station very much
: oh how lovely! A very fond #ff to U as well! Great wk #Twiend Sunday follow ...
OH MY GOODNESS. (Man, it's a good thing this convo is happening in the daytime.)
Great tool! RT Yahoo Pipes creates über-RSS feeds - tagged, sorted, deduced.
Oh fancy
Dont count the days make the days count (:!
Four years ago today you gave up your ghost, Johnny, and the world's less jovial or it. Miss you brother. JHH 1981-2008.
Bed sounds good! Hope I feel better tomorrow! busy day ahead
Good round rickie. You did great
Look, I said I was sorry, there is not much more I can do. And truth...I was a whore then, and I wanted attention from you
Just a quick thank you to everyone following us on twitter...Follow us on facebook for more updated information and events in vegas
RT : Hardin missed the entire 2011 season with a fractured left shoulder, but was healthy enough to play in Shrine Game
only one player, Chuck Hughes, died on a field & that was because of a heart attack. Again, players know the risk of football
Back on the iPad train. In Jobs we trust.
We would LOVE a follow!
where have you been, little girl?!
oh my goodness. i look so short next to in that picture.
I figured. You are one savvy lady. :) Oh, the benefits of having a generation gap.
In the next Intro to Balboa, we'll finish up the Send Out then cover the Transition to Bal-Swing for some Crossovers and Lollies!
Catchin' up in NYC with the homies , haven't seen them since September out in Cologne Germany.
Are you available on Sat Feb 19th from 2:30-3:30pm?? I have something going on that you'd be interested in...I think..lol LMK
you already know young reynsies. I might even have to pay a visit to the Penn if you've been keeping the tradition alive
This week has been a sudden reminder to be with who I love, to visit the places I've always wanted to, and do all the things I've set out to
I wounder if and are talking about the IFO
I think tomorrow calls for a beach day.
i dont think my cats eva been outside lol so u dont gotta worry bout my Animals (y do u capitalize the A?)
It has been great how my heart has changed towards nice weather, so grateful for a day like today.
So happy to wake up tomorrow knowing it's Friday! #FF YAY for Friday!
I WISH I WAS THERE. Have fun x
Goodell aims to plug draft leaks - Toronto Sun
what's the big deal of LTE on a mobile device if you're gonna reach the "un-limit" quicker? Stream HD videos?
If you've taken more than 20 photos in one night on your iPhone, it's acceptable to make an album on Facebook.
Supreme Soul (ABDC)'s website RT: : www.supremesoul.tv
IF THEY WANT IT IMA LET EM, HAVE IT MAINTAIN MY STATUS AINT NO TELLIN WHERE IM HEADED WIT THIS FULLY AUTOMATIC
Not sure I have the time anymore, I needed to make sched arrangements by Fri but now I have a commitment Tue & Wed
happy to oblige. If we run into each other at RSA, give me a business card. I'm better at following up on cards than tweets
Where did you start? Are you doing producing or just mixing for now?
Its #yellow outside!!
#PalePeopleProblems When you stand infront of white walls, you can't be seen.
Thank you. I got it in and feel good RT : have a great workout!
What? There's a bassoon in the band going onstage. And a cello! And a violin! Tuba much? #SXSW #DryRiverYachtClub = name of the band.
homemade minted lamb meatballs with leftover dominos pizza.
yes I did I even call u when I sent u dis tweet phn wnt str8 to voice mail
Since revenge against the Os apparently won't be happening on the field, might be time for a stealth mission to taint their post-game spread
DUDE!!! You Live! Miss all your vape stuff.
Culvers drive through is crackin right now
Hello everyone! Auto Warranty Live Transfer Leads
this is it.
I am all about Team Chuck and Blair
Number 6 : Kelly Rowland
Me too! Every web geek I know is unfamiliar with WP it seems, and last time I figured it out with sheer dumb luck.
Light damage in corridor 2...
Beautiful day in HR. If you count your chickens before they hatch, be sure to have a frying pan handy.
New topic - ZD7-14mm : a Walk with ONLY Ultra Wide Angle
that's cool, pretty rewarding job
Skip Bayless is crying somewhere
It's SNOWING!! I am squealing like a little kid now that winter has finally arrived in NOVA.
An American is a man with two arms and four wheels.
you got it.
Lupe Fiasco= Chris Martin.
Plse send recipe! RT : Husband is making jambalaya for dinner in the crock pot. Smells amazing!
how crazy would that be of we pulled this off?!
16th is a beaut. Are you taking credit for the ball in the fairway too?
im @ replying you! Haha
#Fact RT : Artists are wack not crediting producers and their hard work. SMH.
Lmmfao so this chick unfollowed me because I called her a groupie!!! Oh well I call a spade a spade it just is what it is....
good tip.
Eat some donuts play some pinball at Voodoo Donuts. There will be a pinball tournament Sept. 8th 7pm $5 Entry.Single game double elimination
Success is like pregnancy everyone congratulates you but nobody knows how many times you got fucked to get there
Enjoying some slurpees
Gonna watch some YT vids then take a shower then read The Maze Runner.
“: “: In FL there is no legal obligation to wear pants, which is why I moved there.” LMAO!” No more wearing pants 4 me
Yo some of the things people be doing these days... and they think they keeping it under wraps..... Boy
They are not a broken people! They are strong!! We need to change how we talk about PTS and TBI Charge accepted!
I'm gonna nap. Fuck y'all. Just kidding. #4026904825 Hmu later if your bored.
Correcting an early tweet: Roback threw for OC Matt Canada today, not Zach Azzanni. Misread a text. Apologize for the error
ARod: will you please hit you 600th HR? Already sick of hearing about him! yeesh.
It's that last question that gets my goose bumpy.
Yes RT : I knocked back one for each TD in the falcons playoff game XLV year. Good shit
not done Epic Fail yet! Hope it will be a success, despite my failed boring slides :)
I would be the one to have chocolate all over my phone screen.
I'm not sure you'll get your asking price, but I guess that's the magic of eBay.
Video Resume - YouTube - Backwoods Urbanity
Busy after 3pm PST. Maybe talk before then?
8 mm. to go til Oratorio Overture is done. Not time to pop the cork, but surely time to schedule tasting to determine what to buy & ice.
Damn it's already 1:00
is asking weird questions and i dnt like them :/
So sorry, Linda.
Kareena Kapoor back in Heroine, but conditions apply
Aesthetic Answers Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
If you were unaware YES WE ARE OPEN FOR LUNCH!!!
who am I rooting for today?
What shoe size? Even the wisest cannot tell...
HB 1228 will be heard at 8am in the South Gallery of the House chamber. SB 576 will be heard at 3pm in the 3rd floor Senate Lounge.
Does have any public montessoris?
thanks for spelling it out for dummies.
homework homework homework
congrats to tha homies of and ! awesome spring collection and good design. i hope yall sell out!!!
how am I going to spend my summer without you being ridiculous!?
likewise! Hope to see you at more events--or further up north ;)
Giving some major props to my girls from the You guys are so awesome.
where ya been
Excuse me i'm am not just another obsessed fan. i have a name. I'm a #Belieber <U+2665> i LOVE
Just saw where Scott Riddle signed with the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League, Noel Devine is playing with them this year.
Winner of 5-6th grade #ccbas is Gary Schmidt for Okay for Now
Options to customize caption display (location, font, color, background) in YouTube are impressive. Also interactive transcript.
“Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.” <U+2015> Bil Keane
I'ma their and I'm here to steal your heart.
psh, a medium Wendy's soda lid fits perfectly on a TOTS cup. Don't ask me how I know that.
Oh that's fine than :) Just tweet me when you get off than
Pulling out the show choir stuff made me realize how sad Spring Spec is going to be.
you're on student council and you're not dressed up...
tx for being here to support !
well okay i understand now like i dnt tlk to 40yr olds tha r strangers
at least in Omniture, it means that (prob Google itself) is hiding the exact keyword that securely signed in user typed
because we clear the lines when the song starts. You cannot call to win before that.
If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman. ~Margaret Thatcher
I'm bore af though right now the computer don't even keep me entertained anymore...only my boyfriend do lol
Yummy McDonald's!!:)
Life is the continuous adjustment of internal relations to external relations
Today is all about surviving at the pet store until 5- when I can turn on the BCS championship game.
That's not the poor Land Cruiser's fault.
I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU!!! I LOVE YOU! :)
“: Great presentation today, thank you Chef!” no thank you !
thank you so much :)
yes thanks for the link. I can work on a blog post now.
Want to drown sorrows in live music other than Nickelback, #Pittsburgh ? Mon, Squeeze & English Beat Thu, Sat
ooh! I want a Peanuts version of myself!
MY HEART JUST WOULDNT LET ME WALK AWAY #KeyshiaCole<U+2665>
Google’s Kent Walker: It took until 2003 for man to create 5 exabytes of info. In 2010, 5 exabytes of information are created every 2 days
People do stupid things to get attention !!!!...
hope so! We love u here Doug!
do you have an archive plan? LTO?
But I won't forget.
Seriously, why is Nick Johnson on the team?
ha! Ill let her know of your request :P
Dinner Saturday yes.
#realtalk RT : #WhyDoiAlways fall for the ones that I can't have.
were you at devil woman
To all the amazing food allergy moms out there ... Happy Mother's Day!
I do remember u!TY.Ur a treasure. RT Praying daily 4 u friend.I hope u remember me.This is christian.GOD bless u
"The faculty votes no confidence in you."
just so you know a photograph of you and I doesn't exist. Why?
are y'all hiring?lol
please follow me :)
oh, got you. It's coo tho. Welcome.
We will make sure to pass that message along. Very sorry for the inconvience.
Elmer G. Letterman~ Personality can open doors but only character can keep them open.
Its frickin cold out there! Guess its gonna start warming up. Don't feels like it.
it's not just scheduling, I can't send any messages at all
just dm me if u want its eaiser!
It looks like it's going to be a #Cubs kinda summer, eh?
Yes I agree. Most of them are so fun. I like the animated films and I am not a parent. But they are clean and enjoyable.
please do it today and tell then about my b-day. if anybody wants to mail me a card give address to them i will dm u it
Its SNOWING in Dallas!!! Christmas is officially here!
Doing a little thing I like to call Twitter purge
Hey, saw your live tweets from the coop meeting. You do that often? Thought about doing it more?
check out the chowder house down by the main pier. Will also be a favorite.
talked about the Indian call center scam in his Security Now podcast some time ago.
BTW..I have never been able to lie.. Give myself away cuz I giggle or smile..even I fib:-)
i haven't been tweeting much lately. :o
thanks for the retweets lately! Hope things are going well in Texas.
What say the people: Should I dress up and go to a Halloween Party tonight? And if so, as what?
Ditto :) RT : LAMAH! Happy Happy Birthday to You're a remarkable and extraordinary soul.
The cutlery store could be dangerous. I think I've seen cartoons like that (Tom swallows magnet, runs by kitchen, runs faster).
Olivia Newton John...
Somthin cut me and I don't remember it cutin me =(
Take home only what u need!
Hey guys! Tweet me? =)
How? Where? I can't get it anywhere, not on Demand, not on HBOGo.
RT what's poppin stranger?? -- 614DEEM () nothing what you up to ?
"QUIT YELLING AT ME ASSHOLE!" ~ Siri to Samuel L. Jackson on that iPhone 4S commercial.
#GODBLESS EACH OF YOU
haha I'm going to keep quiet about my opinions on the heat since it sounds you're a fan
#NASHVILLE Dirtdobber Blues Event 6:30 March 8 with playing Butch's songs &
Can't wait to play with tonight at Mojo Main and perform at 's Spring Block Party in Baltimore this Sunday!!
we are huge local radio supporters. well, naturally, because our event features a handful of our favorite local jazz bands.
i want to send you an invite and ask you a question about McNally Jackson, what's the best way to chat?
True, error by Hoyers chosen one at short contributed, Padres swinging at too many 1st pitches, lack of clutch hits.
The two main types of services it handles are immigration services and naturalization services.
Back to the J.O.B.
HEADED TO CHURCH... <3 MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL & U ALL HAVE A BLESSED DAY!! <3
God is love.
Wait is this show longer than one hour?
RT : Announcing the State Finalists for this year's US #Doodle4Google contest. Now it's your turn to vote for the winner!...
finna die rite quicc .. if a see den ima see ya ...out dis bit
me ether
Whats up with you n where u at?
If it wasn't so rainy all the time, I'd leave a trail of breadcrumbs. :P
Lots of very good offensive skill talent is going to go in the 2nd round of the draft, that's when fantasy GMs gotta really be watching
Morning Everybody! Its a great day to be alive! Be sure 2 give thanks to the ONE who gave U life this morning! #God Is Good
They really like us! Like us on facebook for more exclusive deals too!
it's okay, you're a beginner <3
*heads towards the woods, hands jammed in my pockets*
for those of us chronically in love with Autumn, we see it in every season.
lol I know, sorry I haven't been on! But I'm on now :)
I will love to come on your shows to talk politics and jazz. how come jazz is no longer main stream and employment....
Hey , what's on your Spain menu?
My mom would want to leave rite when the new adventure time is going to start
i hear that man
can I have some for my presentation. That's one of my deliverables
going to get my baby so we can enjoy this day!!
Will do he is just signing on ;)
Texting your family that's downstairs because you're a bunch of lazy fucks
So Odom pouts his way out of Dallas just like Fisher did in Houston. Its a broken league when guys can quit if they dont play for LA or MIA.
- Now that's what I call vibrant - Like "POW"
C.L.I.C.K : C=Can't live without u. L=Love u. I=I miss u. C=Care About u. K=Kiss From my heart to u. So,When u miss me just say "CLICK :D
Paul Holdengraber (NYPL) at #il2009 believes in the friction of dialog. Me too!
5 years ago today my father went to be with the Lord I'm so thankful for the 20 years I had with him He instilled so much in me. Love u dad
I get how serious concussions are but suing the NFL? Do army Vets sue the Gov cuz bullets r dangerous?
Yes, please! RT : Snowball fight?
is your pain on your shoulder? Front, back, side? Is it radiating down your arm? Any numbness? What part of your throw hurts?
Thank you to everyone who made tonight so awesome! We all hope to see you on February 18th when we play the loft again!
Bobcat Goldthwait's career died a painful, lingering death a long time ago. This creepfest of a film won't change that.
Meeting this morning with the Roundtable for Young Executives....I'm really looking forward to it.
I don't know if males should have hyphenated surnames, seems somewhat effeminate
Wendys got he nerves to have macaroni & chees
RT : Just realized... one year from today is the apocalypse! Happy countdown everyone!
feel free to stop by our beyond borders:diversity in cannes symposium sat, 5/19/12 1pm majestic hotel rm deauville 1
Going to the bathroom :)
A quiz for our fans... Heterochromia means what?
Prepare to stop.
Thanks for the shoutout!
while I'm here, I think I will visit the Georgia Historical Society...
I wonder if you ever miss me being around
The good news: Americans have the awareness, access and ability to help. What are you doing?
If the State Journal doesn't reign him in, I'd be amazed. He's on a tirade of idiocy
That quote's so much more awkward without the hashtag.
EsterC and ornages can keep the viruses at bay!
I'm going to need something sweet tonight. I've got pb nutella and marshmallow puff - how creative can I get
IT'S A TRAP!
Common sense for Arenas would obliterate Wizards' cap.
#NowPlaying Johnny O / Fantasy Girl
So excited that is on her way to Albany to see me in "The Producers!"
your making me want to go back!! So delicious.
Eye On The Prize... <3
yep finally ready to relax & not play poker tonite
We may be interested. Have you got more details?
Listening to the best Elvis devotional I've ever heard, by Bruce Springsteen. I finally get it Bruce, thank you. The king, boss
Hi Ari, How's Your Friday Going? (: xx
we miss you too babe! wondered why bacon sales were down ;)
Today is thursday right? So where tf is the UPS man?
Report: Canadiens to name Bergevin as GM
Kid just launched a rock at my car and hit it
been gone for a while:oo
Anyone seen? RT "Catfish": Cant give anything away[...]interesting as #emac student. [...]worth seeing, more than TheSocialNetwork
The only good thing about being sick is Esther pampering me all day
I Can't Believe He Did That!!! That was very Rude && uncalled for you don't have to worry about us anymore. You need to go get a life & move
wouldn't lunch technically count as ur breakfast then if you don't eat breakfast??
will do!
Is the school responsible for providing time for teacher colaboration?
the coin said talk...(:
Each day is a new beginning. A day to take new risks, take chances and have no regrets. Seize the opportunity to change yourself.
not even cares about me anymore..wow
Empty pockets never held anyone back Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that
#Predators and #Grizzlies are both in nail biters at the moment!
How awesome that'd be for New Orleans.
": I know I have seen the nails pics on ur FB, its Hot!
I like this quote: “Technology is about enabling human potential” - Michael Dell.
Patriot: a person who can holler the loudest without knowing what he is hollering about
You cannot help someone if they aren't willing to listen. You can find a better student, and they can find a better teacher.
MT : Interesting that these agencies are using/talking about digital platforms but neither seem to be too active on SM
Please Follow
so neat!
#np Jennifer Chung & Kenny Choi - Natural disaster
Obama, I think you're great. Romney et. al., I like your fighting spirit, but can we just cut to the chase and make George Takei president?
Southern hospitality. Without serious football. #florida but
Watching Grimm, such a good show. Does anyone else watch?
sounds like you boss is an AWESOME person. . .so glad you 2 are BFFs. . .j/k ;)
It's a good movie! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> RT : No, i havent either RT : I'm the only one that hasn't seen think like a man <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#DontMakeFun now jess!
9:24 pm in Chicago!(: what about over there?
At my brothers in law house.. #AT&T u-verse not working... Told him to get directv!! He never listens
When u feel others dont speak ur language, try rewording your thoughts. Often we are saying the same thing but judgement gets in the way.
that would be a bonus
There is a unicorn exception on my earlier anti-clip art comment
the ones with the huge "please buy me eyes?" those are starting to pile up.
JesusGeeks at YMCA Jackie Robinson setting up computer lab!
Yeah, i think so
Everyone keep talkn bout the avenger movie......I need to see this
congrats! To whom?
I understand the confusion for sure! You'd think people could get more creative with venue names
Yesterday it was brand utility. Today it is ambiance marketing.
how come you & the boyz go to every other city but you boyz never come to detroit,Mi #NotFair :'(
super late reply, i went to go buy my hair dye -.- but DM means Direct message only for me to see :) & cute shirt!! wear it!
McDonalds OR Burger King? McDonalds ALL THE WAY!
just got a handle of cap'n!
RT 6 for $5 burgers again thanks to the Brew Crew! Stop in before midnight (tonight) to get the deal!
is about to start excavating her apartment while contemplating her new dwelling.
Good things to consider...I try to share lots of different content, so maybe I'm not focused enough?
I tried... site said your time was up. :(
it's going to be a greaaaatttt night
Good Luck ! Gonna be great.
grateful to see the #cards offense give carp a little run support. pray now he can go the distance and avoid going to the gas can bullpen
umm well you used to go to the skating rink then one of my friends and I added you on facebook I think then we found the link ...
I hope she's alright!
This yr is "Gone with the Wind" 75th anniversary, starring Vivian Leigh as 1 of fiction's most notorious female characters, Scarlett O'Hara.
I wish! Tickets are tough to come by now.
Q2 ALL libraries should be doing some type of survey/evaluation. How else can we prove we're accomplishing anything?
i look forward to it. Saturday blackout by noon?
Working on slides for a visit to UVA next week. Thanks to for the conversation about her Sept. trip. Now I don't risk repetition!
Whenever I leave for lunch I'm alarmed at how loud I was listening to the radio at 7:15 a.m.
Back on twitter... for investigative/research purposes. Interesting stuff going on here.
I'm the same way. Have fun!
Nice game by Phelps..now lets score more runs and take this game
Left the and #newzealand :(
lol. no no no. about mcdonalds racist commercials.
Wondering where I can get more info on the writing contest that Madison Magazine has each year? Online info?
You got it girl.
Beautiful Tribute to your DAD..... Continue to SIng, SInG ....SING!!!
Lend me your eyes I can change what you see
One thing I love about TED Talks is their tight focus. It doesn't matter if you're Bill Gates or Bill Clinton. You've got 20 minutes.
LMFAO. Why was that so funny.
sorry jet fans
Need #MondayMotivation check out my tweets
Clorox and Sandpaper.
Showcases by Rosario and Charles, Larry and Sharon, Michael with Katy and Gizelle. Superb performances by all.
Much-deserved. RT : Did I just make a Lord of the Rings reference?!?!? I'm giving myself a Flagrant 2. And a wedgie.
olympics in less than a month! Can't wait to watch it!
Faith is a measure of your confidence. Trust is a measure of your commitment. Faith may fail, but Trust in God will stand the test of time.
holy moly that is amazing!
Seem like the refs really want Baylor to take it too.
Lmao! Pizza hut has that box special! #IJS lol
He loves it when I say daddy :)
So I walked up to "my car" and tried to unlock it, but it wouldn't. Is my remote broken? Turns out it wasn't even my car!
Can be there- have to leave by 5:30. Come early! ;)
thank ya :)
-- watched #TheLuckyOne last night. It was pretty good. Slow at times. Not one of Sparks' best.
any other school have the same?
Why do I always type Cincinnati "Benglas" first?
Thanks for sharing.
Resilience: 1. power or ability to the original form, position, etc. after being bent, compressed, or stretched; elasticity
thx for followin! keep in touch
RT : It's not often you get an extra day. Happy Leap Day everyone!
how was Kyle and Cody's 4/20 gig? i'd've been there had irenic not been playing the same night. Scott and I wanna come back!
True, I finally decided it was in a purely fictional location. Illinois was what I thought for the first few seasons
Make love, not war!
Dream job: The bullpen "protection" catcher at Wrigley.
Best friend=
whats on the agenda:Legal Issues for Public Pensions
thanks for the tweet, Team Jeff - but the wweek mock mayoral race ended yesterday.
my fantasy was to read books for a living. now I'm an English professor. fantasy win!
Dont Know what Ill do with out my Nel <3
OK heading to bed now. Good night!
Thanks for the alert - we'll look into that and hopefully have a fix soon.
Zach Thomas sees 'hero' in ex-Dolphins mate Junior Seau - NFL News
Thanks for the tip! We'll keep you posted on the next one! you in?
Maurice Lopes Senate Banking Committee, SEC and President Obama: Request to pass a crowdfunding bill proposed by the house and senate. - He…
For the record: I never called Orange County "The OC," and will now and forever never reference Malibu as "The 'Bu."
hey we should tweet more often
if one of us go in then we all go threw t
I am an idiot. Discuss.
J Cole has a sexy ass voice
Still feeling dizzy ah
What does the red button do? he asked as he push---
Okay. I want to sit down and watch a teenage pregnancy show, or show about people who eat things they shouldn't.
WHY THE HELL WON'T YOU REPLY!!!!!!!!
Thank you sis!! Have a blessed one :)
A day off & my pool is open!!! Party at my place!!!
more of a cool lounge groove. A lounge in eastern Hungary, but a lounge groove nonetheless
OMG you are NOT a barbie so just stop it please none of my barbies looked like yo ass when I was growing up...lol
Are you're vocals on the free E.P.
now following #mybadgirls club go follow
RT Dropped tears in the ocean,once you found it is the day I stop loving you.
I seriously love college.
The frikkin Dodger game is not televised tonight or what? Somebody help me I'm spazzing out.
Hi Kel!....Have a Bless one
Yes! Plz send to to get on the show - especially Cut Me Up - Lv that one!
i like the emoji's man
the cost from the venue is probably to blame
lol i skipped the after hours crowd, but MAN. last week was intense! so little sleep.
Every time I eat a #DoritosLocosTacos I'm amazed. My new addiction.
*Raises hand* ;)
words to live by: "you must short the pins to prevent the buffers from filling up"
Democracy is messy and free! Lock-step Republicans have created the impossible and a unsustainable future. We are #wiunion Our diversity!
I just want to touch your ears so fucking bad! <U+E402> but then shit might get real lmao
Atlantic needs to realize how long we have waited for a full length album. Why make us wait longer.
I want to bring the snark... but it wouldn't be anything new.
": Real managers/GA's get on the FLOOR with their hands and get that sweat off the floor,lol" been there done that.
For every one Michael Hanavicius, there's one of you.
If you have a different girlfriend every month. There is a problem.
The Weakness Of My TL. I'm Gone. Text Me If You Got It.
Congrats #MidwoodHIghschool Still need money for school? It's not too late to set up your fundraising page! Control your own destiny...
I know I don't know you. But your pretty little eyes so blue, are pulling me in like the moon on your skin.
i followed her before and i gained no followers in a month once i followed her
News! Summer issue now out JUNE 24th to allow for ASSEMBLY PARTY JUNE 23RD! At , time to be announced soon!
Fuck we have to go to Hernandez's for 3rd.
There is 100% data loss when someone passes away.
Some people ... #seriously !
do it as a whole team .
Is buck Owens jake Owens dad?
Why did my uncle rose just say "why dont they just make a music video with EVERY rapper to ever live everybody say 1 line & rent a Bentley"
I&#39;m finna start turning my phone off at least 3 hours before a show. &#35;stressed
I've always said Virgina Beach isn't safe, now come to NYC already.
Hey little girl is your daddy home? Did he go and leave you all alone, mmhm. I got a bad desire.
No Rose no problem! LET'S GO BULLS!
KG doesn't get the recognition he deserves. He's going to light it up tonight.
What if Justin starts shuffling with LMFAO lol i'd die
I'm the thug John F. Kennedy.
PAB is pricey, but I'd def recommend...
Hitting the road in a few hours! :D
Welcome and thank you to all my new followers. Feel free to contact me. I always reply :)
ATTENTION! IS READY FOR DA BUTTHOLIO,
Best part of the game, rally towels!
I just realized why the autocorrect on my phone sucks...... Its in spanish.
Me and you both homie!! I'm need one asap! RT : I need a vacation!
I love watching people lose themselves in music
more trips to jail than sexual partners.
mines on Monday! Yay Aries babies!
Tomorrows feature is Sweet Potatoe Pie. If you've never tried it thats ok because we have samples! So, LOOK FOR THE MAN WITH THE SILVER PAN!
Ill admit, I have been a bit of a bitch lately. but idgaf!
my blankets are in my floor too.
I'm afraid if I go out, I might not come back until tomorrow...
USING CHILD SUPPORT MONEY ON URSELF
Omg let me say it again I forgive you but can't stand you....
Oh cool! :D Yeah they're not doing After After parties but they usually stay after the show and hang with fans :)
What if I drowned in lake Michigan
Awesome! Congrats to all the new Honors College Graduates.
Frustrated that small pct of young ppl want to get into science, incl software eng. Got to find ways to help them rewire their thinking.
Out of pain derives beauty...if you allow it to be...
Graduation day!!
What happened to pro basketball players being able to make a jump shot?
if they don't, I could see OKC making a '91 Bulls-esque run.
Yes! Find me - I'm jasminehuff!
need to get fake mustaches for saturday
Everyone will be interviewing tomorrow for DBHH "artist of the week" tweet her want u would want to
Thank you so much! Would love to hear what you think.
Social killed the house party vibe
If u r too lazy to walk a dog every day maybe u should consider a cat...
If Emily Van Camp really wants to get #revenge why doesn’t she just call up the #avengers They’ll do anything for publicity.
Get it! #proudhusbandtweet “: Learning a lot @ the Women's Success Conference in Orlando with Dr. Stacia #lifecoachtowomen”
I GOT A NEW NUMBER..if i knw you and you want it hit the old number and ill give it
#thewanted has been around for that long?
I made a couple mistakes I need to correct Speciale in HD 3 and Jeter in HD 92 both won, will fix in the AM
Also, if you happen to be in Brooklyn, stop by Joe's of Avenue U for the best rice ball you'll ever have!
. I hate dr. Pepper ! Sun drop is better(:
1/2 crown 1/2 butterscotch schnapps in a cup of red bull... So delicious
#Fridayreads Mainly 1Q84, with a few other books on the side.
That's the best part
well if that's the case, check us into rehab
somebody call my moma
going through these DAMN emotions again ..... CRAZY ....
I don't no why but I love watching mobster & gangster movies.
call yulanda and see would she come get me so i can ask willie to take me to get lauren wic
You got it! Email rogue to claim your prize.
just left with all his stuff but now theres a weird, sad, defeaning echo in the room.
sorry didn't see in time :( hope you are feeling better! Home sick again today?
Gonna reify the fuck out of this Wasteland.
Ride the skateboard down 125th guzzling Jameson, although no one may notice.
The chorus go wth u mean RT : This beez in the trap song suxxx I'm very disappointed in you Nicki
#MaydayParadeJake favorite song to play live?
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge. - Thomas Carlyle
Chances weren't meant to be given but taken.
Thanks man.
That's an awesome talk.
I hope next year American Idol tryouts will be in Killwaukee-- where there is talent as well as style
second Tuesday of next week?
i think that's the implication.
Hm...what god do you know?
Natural Leaders US Fish and Wildlife Service award goes to Hanna Pinneo from Lincoln, NE!!!
Me: Your life is a fail just like your dads condom Bro: you wanna go there.? Your a fail like your moms abortion .-.
This whole discussion over the "pornographic" new Canadian 20 dollar bill is ridiculous. People need to calm down.
i feel it from my head to my toe!
What's ur favorite piece of #jewelry? #Phoenix #Paradise Valley Mall
I'm excited that our rental car is a Ford Edge.
We hope everyone has an awesome time at OLLU's #Mizuumi-Con !
omg they definitely were....that wouldve sucked!
Farewell, San Francisco! Cape Town - watch out!
PickUpLine: You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
GameDay! not sure I can focus on my day job waiting for the boys in blue to do work tonight. #sportingkc wish I was there
I Need A Loan.
#aims session at 8am this Saturday at SAA. Bring your pillow and blanky.
Anyone want to text? 8327152373
Shoutout to the girls that keep there legs closed..good job ladys don't be a hoe.
#TexasFans Are so proud of u n so happy for ya?congrats ??my idol
ah yes- true true. I'd also add Current's Vanguard to that list as well.
I'll feel so bad if you saved up that much money for me dude.....
#describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle The Artist
My last RT! I was just singing that song not even 10 seconds ago.
yeah. That's why I'm traveling. Lol besides I went to the one in Dallas and Vegas last year. Vegas was incredible.
Took our Mom to Hunger Games today. Good Mothers Day movie? She loved it!
&#9730; Sweet Deal Covert Camera Fan 16GB Protect your spouse
There is something so gratifying about hearing a Bostonian say, "Trishah, do you have any quahtuhs?"
Dang did I just say that...
Carrie underwood-get out of thus town
kyle, could you DM me a way to get in touch with you? would love to interview you about the amazing year you had. thanks
i think the longevity of Vogue demonstrates relevance of #fashion and being #sexy - the vogue #archives must be fascinating
Is the dmv inspection station the worst place in dc? I think so but haven't been to, like, fur nightclub
quick drink at 2d street?
haha why thank you!! =) glad ya do!
I love Dj Aye-Meezy <3 <U+266A>
I know. I saw all the youtube videos on it and I was like :o I need one and so I got one. :)
The annual gospel choir/ MLK shabbat service at Temple Beth Israel is Friday January 13 at 6 pm.The gospel choir raises the roof off!
if only you knew how desperate you lookk
companies could not afford new units in a down economy..last summer exposed their limited capacity to cool.
bowl season starts today! fox football guys on now - www.foxsportsradio.com
SOX: The Major League #RedSox are idle, but get your baseball fix with the #PawSox game on at 6:30 p.m. tonight.
the Drake, 2 Chainz, j cole and waka concert bro!!!!
about how girls like assholes.
We just got Surly Smoke and another shipment of Darkness. Get em while you can...
I send the grossest pictures of myself to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
come on Kayla, that would mean he'd have to pay attention to 5 teams for the city at once!
i miss twitter and my phone :(
haha how did you not mention this before you left today ?! Tell me there was drama.
Pretty sure I'm only back on Twitter to read tweets from
who wants to get listed..? :)
my whole office smells like pancakes and syrup..
Oh Friday, you seductive little day, you!
Diamond Supply Co.
So excited about going to Cali! Can't wait
I wish you all a great weekend! Never give up on your dreams!
Rep. Issa: "We haven't heard from the scientists. We haven't done due diligence. This is not a new problem. This is not urgent."
My sister went to blow bubbles but it didn't come with a stick...
I'm taken by your hope filled lies, they're well designed and dragging me along. I'll be waiting for this chance and I'll be gone..
sounds like you did pretty well
Madison was you weren't!
Well I bought NSN Directors Cut yesterday night and I watched it 4 times already! <3 please follow me I love u!
RT : Homeboy selling trechcoats on the corner for $10.
No pain No game
Last weekend I made it to for "First Truth" love glass artist Yuka Otani, moving towards silk screening! Très intéressant.
Oh no! Are you getting enough sleep and/or water? Those tend to be the reasons for my terrible headaches.
I was just asked to review an academic book for the first time in my career...I feel like this is a watershed moment.
Thanks for pissing me off all over again.
Thanks, Mike!
I be quick to ignore people calls and even quicker to just watch it ring.
#SignsUrAHoodratMother it's an uncut vid of you on world star topping some dude off that ain't the baby daddy...and the baby in the room
"There is no miracle. Everything that happens is the result of law -- eternal, immutable, ever active." ~ H.P.Blavatsky
Killing it on the twitter account all #SuperBowl long
I make bitches walk home......swag
The new song sounds amazing! I'm not supposed to be listening to music #rebel. Vocals are sick! Good job <3
Dumb Ass Giants fan interferes with a fair ball down the line
Stand you ground My Brother! Hatred, Bigotry, Ignorance, and Religious Intolerance must be exposed
I agree Huntsman is the best candidate.
How about doing something nice for someone today? Take it one step further and do it for someone you dont care for...
#46for46 murals! RT : Premiere of "Game Time is Showtime: Indy's Super Bowl Legacy, Part I" on Thursday, Jan. 26 @ 7:30p, WFYI 1.
<U+200E>When I tell you I need to be alone, what I mean is that I don't want you to see me changing the batteries on my confidence. Buddy Wakefield
Yes!!!! I can't wait to see them! #samodel ;)
Everyone loves finding melted chocolat and having lick it of the rapper.
I love #JBLfacts, it's a great way to motivate me and start my day.
ha. White mikes words!!!! Not mine!
#MyPastRelationships made me more of a
i wonder how calls ur gonna get lol
Lunchbox would you hook up with Tina Turner if you had the chance?
ill check it out
One's nature cannot be helped. <U+6301><U+3063><U+3066><U+751F><U+307E><U+308C><U+305F><U+6027><U+8CEA><U+306F><U+76F4><U+3089><U+306A><U+3044><U+3002>
back at you!
Happy Birthday to you...I wish you many more, dear friend.
mobile can take the expertise of librarians beyond the library building, new ways to search, engage students, re-emphasize trad IL
Yes MT Books
Great audience questions about project gado. Thanks everyone at
The super easy to use twitter word bag api from just kicked ass for and of our customers. Thx guys!
don't kill any lot lizards today.
thanks for RT!
A margarita wouldn't hurt, either.
awww i love u too <3
Thanks Facebook for removing the "reviews" app so people can't leave reviews anymore. That was great while it lasted.
I need my nails done <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085> ASAP
Have I mentioned food poisoning sucks?
yeah dude Trip someday :)
I legit have the easiest target ever
Ima bout to smack this icee out this mans hand if he keep slurrpin it the way he is
listening to this morning as catch up on email and plot out my day. just want to say great job with the show!
Haha I know! I don't even live off 7th anymore but I'm still excited!
That awkward moment when you try to silently get food late at night while everyone is sleeping, but it seems like every move is so loud!
Gotta work tomorrow morning to get my body back in recovery mode after tonights scrimmage.
A&A welcomes NFL player & philanthropist Lorenzo Alexander to our advisory board.
nothing comes to mind. Just buy me a bag or two of M&Ms or Twix. (jumbo bags, not individual...cheapskate!!)
Even though its Father's Day, you mothers still gotta look good! We're open 1-4! Come on in & get your sweat on!!
Join me in the pure atmosphere of gratitude For life
I forgot about the milk allergy.
Opry tonight. Good Luck!:)
LOL is he ur football husband?
Someday the word METROPLEX will be proudly used....
I wish I wasnt sick right now : /
Working on free apps and blog sites for all you die-hards. Currently in Frankenstein mode. ~(@^@)~ stay tuned. :-)
happy 6 month hunny. Love always and forever
And as much as I like ale, being wired on Diet Coke's been helping me focus in our last two meetings. :)
Love the ambiance at night on Lincoln Rd. Work officially done. Heading back the condo for a power nap and the Salted party tonight.
You're welcome! We'll get this figured out. But don't worry about losing tweets- I just ran the report to make sure we got them.
That's a good point! I should try listening while I am getting ready for work instead of listening to the news!
thanks bro
Been using a lot over the past few days to schedule tweets while Tweetdeck is borked. I really, really like it.
What kind of name is Catness? Going to see the #Hunger_Games tonight. O boy...
happy mother's day to you!! :0)
glad to see sandy is still enjoying the bonfires
Specials: Soup- Cream of Potato, Pasta- Cheese Tortellini with Italian Sausage, Pizza- Alfredo Chicken
Walter's Automotive off of Baum.
How do you two feel about Huntsman?
#thingsIwishIhadthissemester more money on my meal plan!
i refuse to resort to passive aggressive tweets in this matter... that's as close as i'll get. there, done.
Happy I don't work today.
shaylen I got a new song to show you man lol
oh I know but in retrospect I did come off as being a bit selfish. I've been luckier than a lot of fans :)
Padres games would be more fun if they actually won...make it so!!!!
The weather finally came around for you guys! You deserve it, good for you!
Perhaps it was an Anna's? Check out the distribution map for Ruby-throated in the field guide.
RT : "Content is fire and social is gasoline."
The Esco situation plays into my original point, do you endorse b/c of ideology or b/c you know someone will win, or both.
Doing some photo work with the great
to be honest. I can't even give you my opinion on justin cause it changes everyday. somedays I'm like, aw JB! and others I'm like, DA FUCK?
It baffles me when I start talking about science, logistics of life, & the mysteries of this world with people & they look at me like HUH??
uh oh
RT FOR NEW YORK?! :D
just dropped my phone in the fucking bath..
books4teenboys: SKYSHIP ACADEMY by Nick James---"epic!"
u is way beyond sexy
Im happy
Hopefully I dnt go to school tomorrow.
it's back.
So scared of getting older, I'm only good at being young.
Yes Boo
is following 69 people lol just thought i should point that out
Darnton: coalition of libraries to provide books
Glad to see you are focused for finals! HA!
Writing all day today.
lol no. It came out when I was playing. Used to watch it all the time.
Asleep at 9, up at 8. Take that, crappy fatigue.
Thanks, Dennis! Happy Friday!
nice good stuff
good to know.
“Never let your memories be greater than your dreams.” – Doug Ivester
Also, don't forget to make your Father's Day Brunch reservation for tomorrow! call 702.270.4400
well u should know that funny ppl are better!!!
omg dont even talk about food xD im starving! just send me some in the mail.
good luck :)
Hey can people stop Dming me and putting someone is saying nasty things about you w/ a link attached or anything else like tht is sf annoyin
Cia bounce defeats team final easily 86-66
I'm without phone today- I can't find it! Email, tweet, or FB me- until I find that bad boy!
kinda? Lmao no not really
i love Adele so much
Synchropanic: that anxiety you get when several cars are stopped at a stop sign and no one knows who should go first.
if mathai ever goes home i'll flip
Can't promise that things won't be broken, but I swear that I will never leave.
This weekend has got to make up for this week
Well that fucking sucks.
he takes more time than i do..my mom is starting to question whether youre actually coming or not
Going to NYC soon! Any locals or frequenters have any suggestions about where I should eat/hang out?
#thingsbetterthensex sex with a blonde boy.
had an amazing day. :)
Can't wait 2 ruin my underpaid staffers lives on Greece excursion this week! #devilwearsturquoise #ABQ Thanks 4 paying 4 my trip
It is too goddamn early for me to be functioning right now
who did your hair?
yea fuck that police ass nigga...dat nigga get no play in my headphones...
I was due for an all night degenerate cash game session. Was a great game too, but ran awful. Down $583 in 6 hrs of 2/5 NLH.
^5 really pumped abt installing the long awaited AJS 2012 show tomm . it's going to be like christmas for me.
MT "When discussing sustainable museum audience engagement isn't curiosity more important than learning? #musesocial Mightsay!
Our Indiana Pacers are 1 game away from winning their first playoff series in seven years! Let's go, Pacers!!
I just feel like they're missing one more.. =P
One "n" in Buccaneers. Too many double letters. Bottom line, Chip Kelly looked into NFL, but ultimately decided for now, he's a Duck.
RT I want today to go by as smoothly as possible<<Always the plan untill some ignorant person says or do the wrong thing
follow me!<3 It would be amazing!
me either
It was raining. I was wearing jeans and a sweatshirt, asshole.
RT : Who else speaks sarcasm as a second language?
Congrats to and --the only day in history i'll ever be congratulatory to U of A haha!
Happy Ascension day Of Jesus Christ everyone<U+2665> Tell the world He has Risen , He is Alive!
I dnt start nuttin and I know if she would try 2 start she gone get kicked out the event so yeah . Naah
Thanks for the article now i know can spot all of your tactics!! Good article indeed :)
I have feeling that beautiful blue ocean may be here in S. Fl! I will find out & will get back to you:)
#thingstoaskJoker does he like to drink milk?
If Petrino was going to cheat on his wife with a blonde woman than he should have stayed at Louisville
Black Friday is a disgrace. People are crazy!
follow me bitch,(:
“: "I am neither an optimist nor pessimist, but a possibilist." - Max Lerner”
Still trying to figure out Lion.
hey Fatima can you check out if they get 50 followers they'll give $100 to charity
just got off the phone with DC Park & Planning secured a commitment from them.
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro. Hunter S. Thompson (1939 - 2005)
AG Kamala Harris at #lawyersclubsd annual dinner - talking about SCOTUS decision re CA prisons.
Too many bridal showers, all under 23. Jayzus. That's West 6th on Sat. for ya.
By FAR the most ballsy wager in #Jeopardy history and it came from the Teen Edition! Chick had no business betting that, she already won!
man i really wish there was a way to know what miracle whip is up to on a daily basis.
Honestly does anyone want to be me? I literally hate myself. I'll pay you.
Don 't talk about it be about it ;)
brrr must be freezing! I grew up on Pirates Cove
I just added you to our PA resources. Question: Do you sponsor #vision #loss #support #groups?
Fear of the number 33???
loving to see all the must haves on D magazines talk shop for spring, yours are spot on!
JUST DANCE!!! The song that made famous! Happy Birthday, Mother Monster!
<333333 can i call you latttaaaahhhh?:)
People filing out of Cameron.
Overhead bins in #Airplanes are getting bigger. #United & #Delta are now upgrading bins to hold more
Extremely bored. :\ Help?
This week is gonna go by so slow.
your kids must love you!
everyone seems to be in a band now.
I'm on my hustle this week. Bills didn't stop just cuz I was away in Miami
Someone bring me lunch please & thank you
Hoping the Jacobs family is ok.
That's "for Laura and me," mister. (At last, a way to feel superior!)
"I, I can't be a wizard. I, I'm just.. Harry" Ohh how I love this movie<3
OK, looking at my spice options, I'm going with a chicken Korma. Think of it as Vindaloo's left threatening cousin.
I'm not happy
Robert Lincoln, who was Abraham Lincolns son, had his life saved by Edwin Booth, John W Booth's brother, before his father was assassinated
how can you simply be friends with someone when every time you look at them all you think about is how much you really want them?
Right back at you!!! Van Persie!
this happened 1st period: *gets A on paper*: me:"lehgo!" girl: "let go of what?" me: -___-
sometimes its fun to just play under the covers for a while, dont rush the sex too fast
I seem to be the only one excited for Earth Day. But the thing is... I don't even know why I am excited.
my favorite song changes everyday. today it's stand up
Trucking thru St. Joe. Anyone need anything from Menards? Might be having a two for one sale...
Yes! So true.
WTH are you doing up right now?!?!?!?!
Ah! I'm really stoked! xD You guys should come play Mario Party 8 afterwards with me haha.
Hey DC's On ur way back from lunch go down aisle 700. Pick up a #FREE sample kit ($25 value) b4 they're gone!
And valerie is FULL OF SHIT
Hahah what they did?? RT : Color me SHOCKED that Sketchers got fined for their Shape-Ups ads.
Large group of black girls eating fried kool aid. Wtf.
just added double trouble to the AC roster!!..that's right..Mater Dei's Wear Twins!!!
I feel dead with out my daddy foo .
If you have a close relative who developed heart disease prematurely--before 55 for men & 65 for women--your risk is higher.
scary looking bitch!!!
I can't get over the patriots coach's outfit! It's your big game! Wear a button-down!
Making cookies for the Thanksgiving dinner tonight!
Stay away from my restaurants!
That's the motto(:
2009 Januik Ciel Red is tasty red black fruits sweet tannins w grip and mod long finish. Pleasing and approachable
Omgosh!!!!! Was just awarded scholarship to d New York Conservatory of Dramatics arts! #God'sLove #soGratefulsoThankful #POW!!!!!
I am beyond fucked.
You guys make me laugh... love ya'll. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump.
Hey Anna! just thought it would be fun to reach out to you, every time someone searches my name, you come up as well! :)
you're welcome. we burn the candle and hold the place of hope.
are you doing it on purpose?!
- I am listening to your interview/music on Legends Radio-you tore it up! I will be on the show this Wed-getting ready.
Ok having echofon will make updating so much easier !!
we think so too and good luck on reaching your goals!
This weather change is really upsetting me.
Tonight's spam: I've won the US Green Card Lottery! (Hate to break it to them, but I've had a green card for 40 years.)
“: I know I can't always handle the truth...but I'd rather not be lied to.”
kinda bored,but im oke :p
I'm so proud of my daddy & his baseball team!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+26BE>
We Will Review your music and submit it on our blog, Contact for Info!
Josh with his 2nd bleeder but he hit them soo hard last series, I will take it!
off to bed can't get you out off my mind .<3
Life's too short to dwell on all that's wrong
Sirhan, Lee Harvey, and James Earl, all just MK set-up patsies where other more skilled shooters fired the fatal blows..
After being in a meeting speaking Italian for two hours, I forgot to speak English. Oops.
So glad to finally be home after a week-long conference! Have been thinking about my comfy bed all day!
at my apt, taught by two foodie friends who lived in India last year.
#fourpeaks thirty hours to the world's greatest cheeseburger? Don't try this at home!
damn I cant RT that:/
Better to light one candle than to curse the darkness. -English Proverb :: via &
Mood went from :) to -_-
Thanks for the follow. We appreciate it.
New shirts are awesome
Agreed! "the public is absolutely a bunch of 13 year old girls..."
We will hold the vigil for LGBTQ youth Wednesday October 20th from 7-8pm on the North steps of the Rotunda. All are welcome.Pls wear purple
Just finished the book,now gonna see the movie.
There are specific steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
I feel like taking a nap. but I should probably start homework.
An stuck in a plane. The extendable jetway won't reach the fuselage. Uhh.
Congrats to for all the #DaytimeEmmys nominations! And to Chandler Massey! Well deserved!
it was FOR THE FIRST TIME. lol i went through so much trouble looking for it
no. She drove me to the airport.
Cliche answer, but Wes Anderson all the way. Though Jonny Greenwood's There Will Be Blood score was badass.
RT: We want to see in San Francisco - TODAY'S THE DAY!
I miss Camie too
haha thank you
u got it bro, well its time for my nap at work, so I'll hit u up sometime soon so we can practice. Peace
Watching Aladdin! I would watch the Lion King but then I remembered how much it made me cry, Haha
Awesome! Nothing better than a nice stiff headwind the entire ride home on an 87-degree day.
man guess what my due date is dawg
That darn life and work ;) Well I'm glad I didn't fall off the list somehow - The Urban Museletter is always a must-read
I think the Twitter commentary on the opening ceremony is more entertaining than the actual opening ceremony. #olympics RT
7 Month anniversary of #1 Girl & 2 Month anniversary of Unexpected Arrival Tomorrow.. :DD
my new year's resolution... NO resolutions!
“: Sheena’s favorite part of her job is introducing new staff to the #Obama2012 motto—Respect, Empower, Include..."
hey can you tag in your rangers tweets plz???
you are so inspirational baby!
whenever i watch #neversaynever i start burning up... thats called #BIEBERFEVER!!!
Start the day out right by saying thanks to , & for the follow/support love recently!
... and on the 3rd day HE rose with all power & might
yep...are we the only ones up?
BIg Dollaz Kim home tomorrow
RT : :"The American Dream shouldnt be thrown under the bus just so corps don't have to pay their taxes."
ahaha you thought you were special. LMAO SLAP MY FACE.
Missed visiting the church where the little girls were killed I took Emilia there when she was about 6 years old
today is going to be a slow day.
Loney's pick right there on Hart..
Sitting outside of Dick's waitting for it to open. 3min togo
Not at all, purely amused by the semantic irony. Obama has it if Gingrich nominated, with Romney it will be closer but still Obama
If Curlz had an ice cream cone dingbat, it would be the Cold Stone logo.
A Big Thanks Goes Out To All My Supporters! Check Out The Beats SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
About to take a nap..
Sleepy..gonna take a quick nap!
she's still 2 years from driving...
omg I'm going a little insane...actually take out the little part and that's me
The haul niggaz to new land on boats and mexicans in 18 wheelers... Ain't no way I'm gonna ride that long to only get caught when I c light
Off to work to stack some paper..
Don't forget to follow to get all of our Annual Conference updates & info!
never be ashamed of yer roots der
An honest man's the noblest work of God - Alexander Pope
balled today gettin closer
Have a very Merry Christmas<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0084>
thanks for the Follow Friday shout out! Have a great weekend
help support the film Gone Elvis by filmmaker David Newhoff at kickstarter.com every little bit helps.
FINALLY GETTING TO THE MOVIES... URGH
"The Kid With A Bike" by Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne .. beautiful.
Thanks for following, #JackWhite is the Greatest!
My youngest daughter has just compared my beard to grulla (a color used to describe horses)
k so i need more followers. now i feel stupid because i am talking to like 4 people. lolol.
keep on rockin guys!
My Denver Post will have a four-page special section on the Denver Broncos' signing of Peyton Manning tomorrow. get some!
From San Diego to around the world follow me for #breakingnews 5-7AM at the Live Desk!
Whoever is in this bathroom is taking their sweet ass time -.-
Nice! That could work really well.
But for some reason, I don't mind.
Who wrote "Nora"? Brilliantly written (and acted).
What's your favorite song right now? Mine probably has to be ET by the beautiful ;)
I just fixed the faucet, now I only got 98 problems.
Love the pic!
awesome! can't wait! #tasteofdc !
Walked all the way to the training room just for him to say you cud of txted me.....fml
It is a truth universally acknowledged that an editor in possession of a messy manuscript must be in want of a stiff drink. RT
Im not going no where guuurrrlllllll I'm stayin
Hey! wonderful day for connections. thanks for the follow!
it looks like it:-)
Most definitely :).
and think about all those people who died on September 11th 2001, as well as all of our military personnel, and our allies, who died....
Where can I find some good new workout pants..
yes, of course.
#FF I ran out of characters to be able to say thanks for the #FF!
Omg u Suck I have to work.for BGC tonight ugh
text me after your classes and we will bro hard!
going great in #sanfrancisco - amazed by the ease when I let the universe support me! How's by you?
Love your info!! Glad to be a new follower!
Good Morning to all my late bloomers it 8:00 you should be almost ready to leave home by now!!
About to set off to do a fourth sport psychology session with an ‘Eventing’ athlete. Focusing on the show jumping area tonight.
San diego to san Antonio today. Thank you for having inflight wifi!
Just sent a donation via paypal. Thank you for doing this! I may need such a scholarship next year myself. :-)
Can folks exchange their Eichten jerseys if they got 'em a size too large?
I like him, but this class is pointless.
If the new Taco Bell Doritos Locos Taco is "Everything you dreamed it would be". You probably dream of eating salty, spicy crap.
:) Have a great weekend!
Has any MC used the line, "Get paid so much Congress calls me currency manipulator?" It's rushed, so Fu-Schnickens?
love dont cost a thing
yeah by saving Abel right?
My next boyfriend must be or at least pretends he is.
For some reason this week has been exhausting. Looking forward to cincy this weekend...even if it is for basketball
8 more chapters and I'm done with my book. :( It's an amazing book!!
off to seaco
Attending the Loyola GSB event on Friday
#schoolmemories everyone laying their head down in ms.simpsons class while she was teaching lmao
Thanks for coming! You are a beautiful model! :-)
Thanks for sharing :). Hope you had a great weekend!
Hi I like you and missed you today
Be #Oneinamillion not like everybody else :)
love of my life!!!!!! and YES so very khoshgel!
Hows the family? not as much as iMiss you
Before you sleep with that griffin, you should prolly ask it to file its claws. Maybe put some plastic down.
thanks! Will do!
Show off that body!
you don't like milito?
where are you?
Whole foods = whole paycheck.
The intelligent man is one who has successfully fulfilled many accomplishments, and is yet willing to learn more
Hey UConn Libraries! I'm an iSchool student from University of Washington, visiting Storrs this weekend. What should I see?
We can't wait to you guys at Jammin Java on June 24th.
Just set up a consultation at So excited! Even if she refers me to another artist. I'm still excited.
I have a pretty low tolerance for bullshit squabbling. The good thing about Internet squabbling is I can just turn it off.
Good morning everyone. :)
He made up for being super late. He's still amazing, even though he irritates me sometimes. :P
We twissin it up crazy :)
Big win ! #Respect!
What a man takes in by contemplation, that he pours out in love. ~ Meister Eckhart via RT
aww haha that's very sweet!
hey where have u been u monkey brain.. :)
my uncle is so sick! D:
#MadMen is getting stranger and stranger.
Kansas make up your mind on what weather we have!! Its freezing
I can hear you singing.
I hate being an adult sometimes. What's wrong with laughing out of the blue? Some people look at you like, "how dare you laugh."
hey thanks for the follow back :)
Really love this compliment. I've always felt that was the one factor that set The Beatles apart.
Hahahaha! I defy me too! How are you kind sir?
At Emerge JV
Now Playing: Rangeele by
What does "RT" mean in tweets?
BIG bang just now! Cable's still on. Date with #RogerSterling and #DonDraper is still on...for now.
#ImHappyWhen I see other people who thought they couldn't do something , do it
tell me more
I'm thankful for weekends, the 8 hr workday, collective bargaining, and worker solidarity. Thanks, labor unions.
Attention: The Regional Clinical Seminar, "Maximizing Stereopsis in Patients with Strabismus or Amblyopia" in June is officially SOLD OUT
omg i do love my housewives! if you do too, count our blessings it's on every day cause it's not in paris or most other places on earth!
have the awards happened yet? Was Gabby recognized at all?
no, she's API d but I dunno where.
Curious - do you keep bee's for pollination reasons, of just because? I've always wanted to do it but not had the space.
hiring a personal trainer..i need MOTIVATION!
Hell Yeah!
that's crazy!
GO NUGGETS!!!
Word on the street is that #traderjoe's is opening in Clarendon tomorrow. This girl plans on being first in line!
President #Obama will visit our own Chesterfield County's Fire Station 9 on Wednesday!
One liners are the hardest gig!
yea iite..not tryna hear it!
Pride n prejudice little women and wizard of oz free previews at library all weekend www.yatkids.org
Yes please do! Have fun!
We were all bizzy and stuff with Folsom Street Fair this weekend. How was YOUR weekend? :)
snarky boy, you!
Today’s hurried culture has changed the expectations of social behavior. In an effort to keep pace with deadlines & demands of every day.
too funny
Once UFGT is over you better start tweeting VG NEWS CEO 2012 etc lol. See you in a week man.
#RESS event underway, Melanie Healey about to take the stage.
San Diego courthouse copies = $.50 a page. I'm assuming they are printed on leather.
A warm welcome to Raul A.B., Skip B. and De la Vega! Thank you for your support...
I might be able to get another toy amp, but they keep breaking & I feel silly using one with a Fender, haha :)
You are welcome!
When starting a fitness program, don't make weight loss your only goal. Strive to feel better, to have more energy, to be less stressed.
Spot trending now in Glendale, CA: Crumbs Bake Shop - Dessert (live updates)
We find grantwriting quite enjoyable. It's the waiting for a response that kills us!
no problem hun.(:
Yes. No bird poo for me, please! Lol
Great meeting with you! Thanks!
RT : character flaw or occupational hazard that I tend to sort ppl I meet into "admissible," "under review," "deny immediately"?
didnt i push u off a cliff once? how is it u still alive..unless.....ZOMBIE!!!
True. But not evil. Just overworked. MT She didn't mention you. Looks like the work of evil desk editors.
am I the only one who isn't seeing all their @ replies?
This dude ==> in comfort of his bed while I'm on the road to success he talks a big game but we'll see
man u better not forget again
RT Gotta love the clever comments like "thats a pass Ryan would like to have back" Really? A pick 6 that wasn't intentional? LOL
Way to go! 2nd marathon! Impressive Myles -- keep it up!
Beautiful day for a tennis match. Let's do this.
Thanks Tom.
We will be at North Tartan Meltdown this weekend...Coaches, Adella Randle El's stock rising everyday, she will be w/TW Select Noll this wknd
WE WILL FIGHT TIL FOREVER! FOLLOW & WE WILL DONATE to #makeachange !!
You've got the toughness in you.
“: If you flirt with 100+ girls im probably not gonna take you seriously”
taco bell sucks!
Sleep deprived and possibly have strep throat AGAIN?!
well you pick from whichever ones lol! I though it was gonna be like a slide show You guys should do that too it'd be cute!
Love getting friends addicted to my favorite books. #chicagolandvamps is exactly what she needed right now -- strong women and swords :)
Shamefacedly realize that I don't even know what this year's bandwagon is.
Good luck to everyone running the Boston Marathon tomorrow!
Ubaldo just walked a hitter. This is rare.
To all students who attended "Student Saturday" at #AAA09, I'm collecting thoughts and impressions to improve it next year. DM me w/ ideas!
Gonna go meet with the CEO of girls scouts ha.. Hoping she can help me get a J O B
haven't been on in forever!
We've announced more artists for Minerva! Head over to minervamusicfest.com and check it out. Saturday Aug 6 - VIP available!
Also, you are required to post a photo of your feet.
I just squeed my pants.
Aye! What it is Fans :)
never glorifies in the death of any human. Jesus said to pray for enemies. I pray for his soul. I pray for peace. And I let God be God.
In the library #gross :/
it doesn't matter anyway, no one can camp out I've already called, cops will escort ur arse out soo lol they can't camp
#Pandora keeps playing songs with lyrics "the sun is shining everyday" and "the sunlight hurts my eyes". It knows I'm in #california <3
#2011icf #David Peterson insights: Coaching works...Time to outcome seems to be the biggest variable...
Free entertainment courtesy of my office neighbor! Thanks for hyping me up!
if you would like me to write a blog post for using social stories/video self modeling to refer to let me know
How do I remove a twibbon?
everything so clear now. now i get it
I wish there were a Find My Car app.
saw it by nthe dashboard lights
What will be... will wait for you to make it happen.
Agreed. Haven't heard if Kobe has a concussion or not.
Win your Script tix this weekend!!
follow the team FWM #WE MOVING
RT : "A good leader is a person who can step on your toes without messing up your shine."
going great how is your's.
Guess I was out of town too long - cute hair !
RT 1985 “The most compelling reason...to buy a computer...will be to link it to a nationwide communications network" Steve Jobs
Let's Go #RexSoxNation !!!
Giant #Arlington #raccoon sighting w/ and Beats #DC's rats any day.
Finally i found love<3 On page 96 in the dictionary.
lol yeahh he started following since I started using twitter
where the one by our house? and how much do they pay?!
Will do Mr. Welch. Hope 2012 finds you blessed in every aspect of your life. Keep a lil UNITY in your heart! bye
Thank you. My nephew was sweet, intelligent, big heart and cared deeply for the world. And too young to say goodbye at 24.
omg...how are u ganna see it D: uhm go to a friends or cuzens house who has a computer lol
Great drawing, you got my vote.. Good Luck!
Me too dude. And yeah, been well. You?
yes, we found a house in Arlington, offer accepted this afternoon!
Yep. It be like that sometimes.
Weak sauce :-P RT Bucahnas kicked my ass -.-
Some1 should ask #MittRomney how he feel about #Facebookowner running frm paying #AmericanTaxes by going ova seas. sounds familiar huh
unbuttoning your pants after eating damn lyfe iz gud
follow it's just one button to press. xx
so far no arrests but most likely that will change by the end of the week. Medicaid does matter to many for survival.
never mind
Ollie the book is better than the film
Comfort is productivity's greatest natural enemy. This blanket is so cozy as I try to memorize....Z
great meeting you at #uxcampdc this weekend! Hope to talk #ux with you soon! /cc:
damn straight!
Miami on July 22nd! I hope she comes back on a 2nd leg
"The best way to make your dreams come true Is to wake up." J. M. Power
Sun Tzu says...
As (in a vacuum of just that small exchange) it's the difference between total racist and not racist at all.
A year and a half on the job, and I'm still having firsts - working on my first program development template and first web site diagnostic.
yes and I har to work for a couple of hours...that's right only a couple of hours - yay
real shit wven tho i was a crab #limitations RT : I miss my band days with we used to cut up on the squad lol
3-seed...out...3-seed...out...the Pacific is driving me CRAZY!
no way
iMerchant Mac - Credit Card Terminal, a desktop version of iMerchant Pro for iPhone, email for free beta.
:) RT : Follow me more closely to see what not to tweet!
Drinking chocolate soy or chocolate almond milk out of a single serving box makes me happy.
African-Am women awarded 4.3 percent of PhDs. As of 1993, they were .9 percent of tenured faculty.
Looking forward to our class tonight on Scenario Planning class on 1/23 at bit.ly/ypTmIv
Just wrapped a shoot at #Bonnieandclydes and now bottle service at
wtf!?! how do u have 600 followers and XING has like 10???
yes, the leaves look similar to the snap dragon pic. Oh, it will be exciting when it blooms! :D
You're welcome. :)
he must search his name for hate ...
I wonder what Austin's news is ... -Ally
Retweet this if you like #Spooning!
New Year's Resolution to drop a few sizes? Arasys Inch loss system & Slimming Packages on special starting 2morrow...buywithme.com
5. Understanding how to analyze all this data, possibly the largest bottleneck in biomedical research - Dr. Green,
teachers who use #flipclass - what do you use to annotated over your videos?
Dig deep cause it'll be all gone once the big girl arrives
When you cook jalapenos...always take out the seeds. Trust me on this one
I don't understand why people talk about artist they don't like. I don't listen to the shit I don't like so I'd never bring them up.
We are getting to be on quite intimate terms with the vet. Old dogs are more work than babies.
": i luvvvv dat nunu name lol I b making da hardest nicknames" Whoop!! On it!!!
writing a letter (not even an essay) for a scholarship and I feel like it';s 10x better than my college essay! I'm only on the 3rd sentence.
"Voluntourism" - volunteer tourism. That is a new term I can completely get behind!
Ha! Great photo!
Thanks. It's still evolving, but it revolves a lot around hand lettering and happy imperfections.
I have never read a marvel comic book
;-) I gotta, like, do work. I'll bug you later. Take a nap at some point, please.
remember that one time we were in Branson and that carnie was whistling the Jurassic Park theme song the whole time? Hilarious!
Gogol Bordello + Coffee, this may cause my heart to explode.
u tell me
#ConcertWishlist Mac Miller
if yo' arms are sore you should get a snuggie like my Justin Bieber one!:)
We all fuck up sometimes.
This girl in my class >>>
a few is more. It's sad that I have this knowledge., but I do.
I'm fenna be late a'f
Be the person your dog thinks you are
#terps looking to leave State with another unpleasant memory, this is the one team #Freidgen has owned
never say never huh? Shit I find it hard for my 8yr to #believe anymore but she is a big fan hope u notice her one day
Jinx RT : Amazing stat of the night: Cavs shooting 94% at the line.
I loved the movie SnowGlobe with I watched that with my class at my school.
If God is the DJ, then Life is the dance floor; Love is the rhythm, and You are the music. -P!nk
At 8 different schools with the Voter Ed & Reg Drive and these petitions for local control ate filling up fast!
Well hello there!
what gym you go to?
Brandon Roy when he had knees.
Huh. Some gangsta rapper outta grab True Rap for a name cuz it's an anagram for Rapture.
wow you never told me, thats bad of u.
Yay! Have fun!
fumbly fingers on a website can get dicey! But our final results say it all. Have a great weekend too.
Thx man, cool name LoL. Very thought provoking LOL
My stomach feels like guile used a sonic boom on me
Finally found my golf swing in the dirt... Can't wait to play!
though it's not a sport
Happy Friday yal
:O felt my baby cousin kick in my aunts belly ! Cant wait to see you baby boy :*
Theon, you're such a lying little shit.
As usual, I can't sleep...
thanks for the promo! We look forward to dancing at The Happenings!
you already know where I was going with that
Looking forward to seeing my girl later today
Roflmao, Flight attendant I don't do well with serving the public
I really need summer break
it's kind if true though. The only way to eliminate head injuries: kill the weight room and revamp S&C programs.
lmfao, woaaaah, so some lady said i look 22 . she sick out her damn head.
feeling better baby cheeks?
Braces off, whole day off school, & jersey shore...
S/o to my new beautiful follower
That vid is too funny not to watch
Proud to have been a former Dairy Farmer from Wisconsin , with Certificates of Expertise in that field. Also
What an amazing night last night!! So many great prof B2B women in the room! Thanks for hosting us at our mixer !!
That is awesome! Love that could be at the top of that list and we both love everything about your store! : )
God morning!
Cutting lots ppl from my life today... feels great
Keep kicking butt, darlin'! We all know you can do it in your sleep!
Your hairdo looks wonderful!!
For Open NW applications already suggested: my Informatics students built a couple of working prototypes last quarter. It's all possible!
Exclusive: U.N. derided Fed sticks to promoting a cover-up of Leonardo DiCaprio in Wal-Mart stores
#stm2012 need an optimized text format something like html5---used by many or all publishers
For claiming of being the 99% of the people, why is there only Leftist groups which is just 33% of the politcal spectrum? No moderates?
#bloggers wanted for #legendsfantasyleagues. if you love to blog and want to get more recognition contact us thanks
Live and let diet.
I was literally just wondering what he looked like. Thanks for sending.
One spot left for our Child Theming Workshop!
<U+266C> Happy Birthday Beverly Lee from the "The Shirelles" in 1961 had a U.S No.1 hit & U.K No.4 hit with "Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow" <U+266C>
Yeah 'cuse! Sweet win over UConn! Keep on rolling Orangemen!
Random annoyance update: Most commonly misspelled word: lose. It's incredible how many people spell it as loose. I'm loosing my mind...
": Shoutout to on producing Plies new single "With u" #proudofyou <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>"=baby I fucks wit u
Congrats first of many wins to come! :)
#YKMVG I'm going to say that it's definitely So. Cal! I love you, Veggie Grill. I have turned many of my friends/fam on to u!
Your interview on Jimmy Kimmel was amazing. You are hilarious. I think I just developed a crush. It was the backpack.
i saw that omfg
Watching #WhatMyHusbandDoesntKnow on BET
I'm so bad I deserve a promotion!
Rihanna on tv speaking spanish with the latina models
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance – Derek Bok
Tonight's plan: dinner & some movie called The Avengers. I've heard it's pretty decent.
If looks could kill girl you would be a murderer.
I fully support your run and use of gavone.
A movie, champagne and butter lovers popcorn. Were so fancy!
Jan'12 MCAT cycle has ended...We miss you all and wish you the BEST! GOOD LUCK on game day!!!!!!!!
exactly part of the pointless nature of QR codes. I can remember a test URL
Who should we follow on twitter?!
"Success is psychological."
#happy4thofjuly eat healthy! enjoy the fireworks!
sorry babe...ull kno when its the right one...trust me
: No. Kidding.
Agreed. Maria, you have easily earned the title of 'The Queen of Creative Curation'.
Whats your username on YouTube? :)
I'm proud to be a New Yorker. Proud to be American
Just go fuck yourself.
I need to be in a straight jacket in a padded room right now before I strangle someone. No joke
omg I'm so sorry dude that shit suck. That cleveland dude is a fucking idiot.
I've been seeing pictures! Yikes! But, hey, it's always good for skiing at Easter, eh? ;)
If 2 donkeys are having sex, could that also be known as F-ING Jackasses??
FRIDAY we are playing with mychildren mybride at The Ironworks, come headbang with us!
great idea “: we should do this; start small, start fun. could be #dietribes project”
Thanks FiDi for such a warm welcome on our new spots, 100 Spear and 231 Sansome. See you next week!
what do you think of the Vegas #knowthecode commercials? Just saw one this morning for the first time.
HAPPY HOLIDAYS TO ALL OUR SCENTSY FRIENDS!! ENJOY!!! FAITH LOVE HOPE PEACE
Taking a bath with Epsom salt for aches. Wiener floats to the top.
Haha Thanks, appreciate it man. What's your favorite movie?
pedagogy theories are not covered in standard archaeological curricula, need more #pubarch courses
CONFUSING ass people
r u going 2 the meet & greet Friday? Or will u be back from Vegas by then?
How am I still awake right now.
Sometimes I RT things and then wonder if everyone who follows me necessarily follows the person I'm RTing anyway.
Oh, so you are 2 hours behind me. cool
if that's what's really being claimed the position is completely suspect empirically.
Epic fail of New Year's Resolution #52..after two weeks, I cannot face another bowl of oatmeal.
Linkin Park, "What I've Done"
Inspired by the greats.....
I want/need someone to talk to.
I can never wear nothing sexy for her, she immediately just snatches it off like damn can I show you first !
Eagerly awaiting some news today. I pray to God that it's good.
OMG - or should I say OMA (A for Allah) RT : I did not factor in the charges having to be read in English and Arabic.
Are you serious right now...you have to be kidding me right now.
PACKER fans UNITE, lets shut up these idiot giants fans, who think they can come to OUR house and win.
All my dm's are just spams -.-
Hey thanks for the add. What penny stocks should I be buying. Google is still a penny stock right? :)
At Meadows HS Camp Expo promoting Blazer Basketball Camp. This is the 20th year of Blazer Basketball Camp. C'mon out to the Expo & get info
Josh Taylor raises some thought-provoking questions about preserving "born-digital" information like FB updates and tweets.
Thanks for the reply. Love all of those places. Looking for somewhere with more light. Maybe Upper Crust.
and austin is a boy belieber, so you beliebers are basically hating on something in the family. thats cool.
Stop in for lunch 2011 s. 1st Milwaukee WI The Horny Hideaway
Going Down TODAY in Huntsville!!!
I'm Da Boss!!
Crosby = Toast
u have to many hoes faith
How adorable!!!
That one is the best I've seen across my feed so far. Kudos.
Go Chicago Bulls!
“: I need some weed man somebody call the weed man. I'm tryna get high.”
a liar girl..hate!
me to but I don't think I could do both
I hope everyone treated their Mothers to a great day...My mommy is in heaven...I miss her calling me.. her Dolly!
happy birthday to my widdle pezdooger ! love you girl <3 <U+E34B><U+E310><U+E112>
what, no photos?
Drinking soup alongside a cool spring breeze and under a benevolent sun ... I could think of more traumatic experiences.
I'm glad I have people who care :)
Thanks so much! RT : Google Doc with spreadsheet of online tools. See FB doc under group
Take two was entirely muted ... I'm off to an awesome start. But this tutorial gets better every time I redo it. :)
I'll tell you when the homeless guy pulled down his pants & shat on the G train all I wanted to do was breathe
its past dec 25th, man
switch spots on bed, see avatar every night :)
----> RT : James Jones dnt play defense.. we need stops a.s.a.p
Did Brendon lose something as to why hes weariing that Pink Headband or is that his choice to as he wants to????
SNAP works, don't change it. Changes mean cost increases. -Craig Gundersen
With at the Catholic Stewardship Conference. Come say hi, we're at the Liturgical Publications booth!
30 miutes away from our shirt giveaway contest. Know your western movie trivia. Pale Rider..
AAPT as underground as me. Check it out. Breaking a penny tomorrow, still pending Walmart distribution news.
thanks for the support!
Good news for drivers in #Miami-Dade and #Broward this morning. See you in 2 minutes on NBC 6
How's everyone doing?
TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT!! #FMF2012 GIBSON SHOWROOM SAT APRIL 21: 7:30 pm! Be there! Orlando 2012
“: nobody fucks with me bro...smh” females don't respect u bro
Why love if losing hurts so much? We love to know that we are not alone.-CS Lewis
Saturday June 2nd!
There is NO military charity like Want to help our Heroes overseas? Check out this incredible non-profit!
Getting to crunch time for the cd. Mat or not make the oct date. Place your bets now.
thanks for following - I look forward to your updates/knowledge
Can't wait to see the drama club do Hairspray!!!! With Desiree!!!!;)
They tell me I have got a mind of my own, but sometimes it's like my mind itself has its own mind.
Win or lose, there's no player I like seeing play well more than
Just started book 2. You once said something like "I'll take to wearing gowns" so now, in my mental image of you, you do.
Spencer Tracy was born in Milwaukee.
#BOYFRIENDReview I love that you're growing up and your voice and music too
Appreciate you checking us out! We can offer your readers a custom coupon code - interested in writing about us?
if only i could look at him...
Basically, from the viewpoint of real human value we are all the same
Austin has 2 cats and a dog. Romo, Anthony, and Angel! RT if you have a pet. (:
Every man is a doorway thru which t/ Infinite passes into t/ finite, thru which God becomes man, thru which t/ Universal becomes individual.
The Austin #SXSW ECO Startup Showcase starts in one hour. 5-7pm at Lanai, 422 Congress
that you love life and the people around you. Which, I believe.
holy shizzaaaa is sexy. why didn't i know about sooner!
I love my country so much, if there was a bald eagle right here....I'd fuck it.
They are the WORST. Had them during my last bball game. no bueno
planet fitness in Reisterstown
visiting NO with fam and walk past Michigan FB team loading on bus. Had to rep tOSU!!!
have to follow 37 people back. I'll do it when i'm out of following limit kay ?! (:
got it! I'm an idiot. sends a tweet and fogets what he's talking about. thanks. [bashful]
this weather makes me so happy.
Here's hoping Steve #Nash comes back for one more round.
they just mentioned you on power 96 lol
Also, the floating library in The Scar.
Thankz to thankz for following me
Not during this game.
I don't find it cute when guys smoke weed.
I call BS!!
Don't put a question mark where God has put a period.
Since you all loved the Go To Team cooler last week, we thought, why not give away a GTT camping chair? 'Like' this photo for your chance...
I get there from time to time. I always leave the Atl Eagle disappointed, never find many friendly guys, very cliqueish
RT SURROUND YOURSELF WITH POSITIVE & GET POSTIVE RESULTS, SURROUND YOURSELF WITH NEGATIVE & FAILURE IS YOUR NEW NAME!!
Brought to you by: TMG TOPSPOT NETWORK... For more info visit :www.sumersizzleseries.com
i hear ya. So what's the advantage for a smaller retailer?
Minorities are abt 1/3 of the U.S. population, but make up more than 1/2 of the 50 million people who are uninsured
Sad A** fact: You know when you have big boobs when you break the biggest bra you have
if softball was easy it would be called baseball
Suddenly, I wanna scrape the rust off my old sketch pad & see what the ole man can do.
The Chrome/Zotero problem literally keeps me awake at night.
Thank you, and you're welcome :-)
Would love to see the Sox crumble to rays on Thurs.
Oh my goodness gave me a kiss! Its too dark to tell, but I've been blushing since!
Oh, and I need a new straightener. Please.
Oh, I wasn't clear. It means that (around work) I'm going to make sure I'm outside...which means away from twitter!
uh yeah wah iz dat supposed to mean you don't believe me? And thanxxx for making me look dumb foo!!!! Lol
right because M. Williams doesn't realize it gets cold in Buffalo.
appreciate that ;)
Just left 39th.
no trouble at all. My pleasure.
@ the egg who wants me to get a gift card--NO.
Thank You Lord for the Freedom Riders!
Talked to max tonight abot cooking vegetarian food.. I'M A GOOD cook but worried & excited when I have to cook for a vegetarian soon
Shoe licker strikes again.
Trivia with DJ tonight at 9:30. There's a mystery prize tonight!
yeah its so good. but they only sell it at taco bell =[
dunno yet..
The #NFL owners meeting must be kinda funny for TT. Like hanging out with all your rich friends knowing you just get a paycheck. #whosetab?
thanks so much George! Your amazing! Much love. ; )
NICK VAN!
naïveté is trusting in what can't ever be. I'm just telling you what is. Facts is facts.
Thanks for sharing, nice video!! See you this weekend!!
I just finished writing another fan fiction story of The View with whoopi, and dibbie, and joye and star
Jane Addams Hull-House exhibit to explore Chicago teaching artists work fb.me/16kjAcbC7 via CTULocal1
I think he running a special over there... But I'm not sure but I'm sure in a record time youll be amazing
This is pretty awesome.
Time to show some pride Lebron! We need change for those 4th quarters. And not just dimes, points $#@%#@
Happy BDay to 1of the best bodies&set of lips in the business. i'll be watchin ur videos in my birthday suit in ur honor.
Hey follow back plz?=)
You ma'am have done an incredible job training the AI contestants and your very talented daughter. She is a
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Hippie Barbie ...complete with simulated controlled substances and paraphernalia
ironically--just saw a police van go around the block twice--right by them
me too but it's to cold right now “: Glad I have a pool I can jump into whenever I feel like it :)”
. is looking hot! Who is coming out!? Get out early we are going to be packed tonight!
Gone With The Wind ... another Sell Out at the Plaza Classic.
Thanks for coming to our mixer last night ! We hope you enjoyed the evening and met some incredible women!
and then I will be done, finished, over. I won't spend my days from six in the the morning through night with the characters I've...
thank you!
Kloppenburg's team is apparently at government accountability board - a sign they may be asking for a recount after all. So far, not filed.
#LETSDOTHIS be there soon with
Thanks! It was fantastic!
If U have a loved 1 in prison N Missouri, U may get a Three Squares greeting card soon. We just shipped them a 2nd order.
Archaeology from 1 to 525 in a day. My brain
If only i was an asian.. oh wait..
RT : Ok... RT Tonight's baseball game between Northwestern St and LATech has been cancelled because the...
Listening to The Wall until I fall asleep
Brunch replaces breakfast and lunch, but mainly b/c one has slept through breakfast.
download an app called Voxer ;)
Being at school at 5 am. <
I hate those memes where ppl take the worst lyrics from today and compare them with the best from the past.
why would they ever be?
Nights like this I wish.... my niggahs were here
One of the greatest music festivals is SXSW in Austin, Texas.
That could be my next tweet is so random and funny
I just got my Chinle Ice Nine portfolio kit (Entrada bright) today!!
What's up, pup?
The first time this was used by myself it was genuine. The latter times, I used it because I thought it was a cool excuse: "Sorry, we put...
A special prayer goes out 2all who were effected by the storms this week. We'll also pray 4those who r presently experiencing life's storms
Glad to know I'm not alone. With limited budget, a lack of bib/notes is a deal breaker these days.
I am well aware of the basketball royalty banner count. Oh, and that you have zero.
same here. Wish day would end
Wtf, im following over 1000 people?
Coming to other campuses Indiana U; Florida later...
Best part about tomorrow: 50+ pounds of Bison hand delivered by Ed Eichten from Eichtens Hidden Acres.
1 yr kettlebell anniversary. Never felt better in my life! thanks for the guns + 4 the inspiration
Riley's first article on Black Studies ruined my morning. Her second article, a half-assed defense of the first, has ruined my evening--!
Working on completely redoing my facebook business page & uploading many new photos to the website today. Check back for when its published!
all night?? What were you doing?
will do and will make sure to tell everyone u reminded me! So good to c u 2nite!
Serving as director and NABTalk Editor for National Association of Bankruptcy Trustees
If You Get A Haircut Everyday CENZO Will Be #BALD D:
I have the sudden urge to put on some Boston, #MoreThanaFeeling and dance around singing into a hairbrush for a microphone.
I Got Tha Juice
I alway find everything eventually.
what the hell is this?
Kottaras' new batting music is Tool. Same band as Randy Wolf's pitching music. Just sayin'.
did you hear drop.io was going to be disappearing soon?
When I found out Drew Brees had won Off. POTY, I used my Toddlers & Tiaras deductive skills & hoped it was for MVP!
on the phone with his mother and going over some things online. :-)
i want to but i am not by a computer. Just my iPod. Do u think it will work?
I am just wondering who r u 2 judge anyone?
I'm giving my parents hints I want to meet for my Birthday and/or
Have you signed up for the Joint ASLA and APA conference in Utica?? Be there!!!
Nowak: When you start the season with three losses it is right to describe things as a state of emergency
nope, got a few replies. One was my exact view on the movie. "Dances with Wolves" in space
Excellent writer, seeking a permanent position in Chicago, HIRE ME!
Passing Daytona :D
Open window breeze & LMN!!!
DAM I KNEW SME WAS GOIN ON
you're doing "vacation" wrong
His account is protected.
The friction cause by haters will ignite the fire that propels you into your destiny...
Late lunch with the ladies in the family.
Best flight yet.
Dnt guess be sure...
WITHOUT ME....K BYE
I voted. Do not screw this up, :)
I need a hair cut DJ!
Sucks that it's almost baseball season. Boring tv without college bball and nfl
lol you wrong for postin that pik of me
I can't wait until you guys come back to Florida! :)
Even the best fall down sometimes...
Is their any place I can send an airsoft gun to for repairs? bolt ;)
Great advice
have you tried Rugged Max
Had the BEST dream ever during my 5 hour nap! Wishing I could be with him right now<3
If you don't have a #mobile strategy -- you're lost. It's real time and specific.
Did anyone have a tear fall down when they seen the boys on the preview...? Just me... K
Watching Extreme Cruise Ship "Oasis of the Seas" ... And wishing I was onboard!
At least according to their tv show.
....and the storms r back....ugh
I want my MTV.
Who else wakes up in the morning and checks their Facebook like its the morning paper?
Tonight our own rocks it with at The National!!!
I'm at a wedding bro
Here's a breakdown of the week activities Methmonday, Tipsy tuesday, Whiskey Wednesday, Thirsty Thursday, Frisky Friday
sounds like a plan
Thanks for the shout out :) If we can be of assistance in any way please be sure to let us know! All the best
When I get to Mexico this summer I expect the whole neighborhood to have rehearsed "Glad you came" and sing it to me as I arrive.
- Welcome Daniel! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
possum making a nest in the attic. feral cats mating underneath the house. me, cowering in the middle. pest guy, promising results...
I DO believe the children are our future; I DO wanna dance with somebody; & I DO believe in the greatest love of all. RIP Whitney.
That moment when you buy the black guy on temple run and realize he does not run any faster.
Crushing on and her fearless speaking of the truth.
Mirrors can't talk, and lucky for you, they can't laugh either.
I am convinced that attitude is the key to success or failure in almost any of life's endeavors. Your attitude--your perspective
Is offering beautiful products that consumers love enough to justify Apple's market cap? ://econ.st/GHz1CJ via
yes it was!!
WOW...congrats to a new start
I understand. I just can't explain my experiences in a single tweet. DM your email address to me and I'll gladly share.
haha yea lakers have a lot of haters, thats just one of the consequences of being good though
hey :D
Love Burlesque? In the mood for something dark and sinister this week for Halloween? Check out the www.wrathskellar.com
I like you and your good...
Its 1:30 am and i have to wake up at 6:30 for skool, ugh
A real optimist would just be happy that there's even water in the glass to begin with.
do you remember back in '05 the GS Warriors had the we believe slogan?.. We need to come up with something for '12 Clippers
... Yes, sir. That would be our prez.
Graveyard Double Feature - THE HANGOVER + JAY & SILENT BOB STRIKE BACK. Tonite at 4am. Movies & Mai Tais. Only at Frankie's. Mahalo
Trying my first BBQ joint here in AZ... They say its KC style- I was brought up on "Gates BBQ" so we will see...
I want a Nimbus 2000
Thanks Sonny!
Need a bathtub full of Vodka
We will have that taken care of asap! We'll be back next week 4 the final! Looks like we may be looking good to hit the streets labor day!
where's the vid
Obvi that was at Coachella doe
Oh, it is. Join us!
Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand.
i dont watch alotta tv but i listen to hella music.
So i promote at aquifer npw??? Whhhaah?
In bed watching Jerseylicious.
whta's been up. Do u c da Movie about 2 jump off w/ as da STAR n Mo Known Talent of course.
Today is the last day to register for: Bonsai Workshop - Saturday, June 25, 10 a.m-12 p.m. Call 317-327-7580 to get signed up! $40
Beautiful Fall day! Come on out and eat on our patio. You need your belly full to cheer on the #Brewers win!
“ Dear Twitter, sometimes I need more than 140 characters to describe what's on my mind. Sincerely, everyone.”
Thanks so much to for having us on!
just started THE ABSOLUTELY TRUE DIARY OF A PART-TIME INDIAN by Sherman Alexie. I think I am going to love it!
Platform tennis eyed for Wilmette parks - Wilmette Life
I had a dream last night that he invited me up on stage at some festival to play Heartbreak Warfare and i was too excited, until i woke up..
They should change the name of this park to "Mexican Birthday Gathering"
yay! See you at the show!
double like !
#SometimesIJustWant be happy! not give a damnm about anything! i'm done being heart broken by guys that dont give a shit about me!
RT : My fierce ancestors will get me through this!
I miss you too
love but seeing her under the knife makes me want to vom!
Dont watch me watch tv
Steve Welsh is the inspiration for #TeamSoaringHigh.His niece,14yo walker Avery Welsh named team after her sense of his presence in her life
The difference between a successful person and others is not lack strength, not lack of knowledge,but rather a lack in will. -Vince Lombardi
Gnc Gold card starts next week. I need to pick up some
Is there a divide? Listening 2 her talk makes me feel like I'm at Marquee on a Saturday, standing next to a baby.
Where are you Kevin? We're waiting. . .
Seattle is hot today. I'm sweating.
that whole scene in Mad Men just made me uncomfortable.Maybe I'm weird.I found it embarrassing too but I'm a real musician.
Cowboys will be cellar dwellers this year... BOOK IT
teach me how to dougie
maybe because straw polls are a fruitless waste of time. Just like party endorsements!
It was quite a roller coaster ride at #nxtchp2011, and/but I flew away with a brain full of fodder to sort through.
Kohler Co. Partners with Homes For Our Troops to Build Homes for Injured Veterans - MarketWatch (press release)
enjoying your tweets today keep it up!
Making the 3 block trek to the state fair, can't wait for Marc Anthony! Only part of that is true.
2 of my professors put a no-posting clause on their syllabi.
California... Knows how to party- California.... =]
Dear , Um, do you think Bret McKenzie could have thrown a thank you your way?
im fine :)
Spending today with the best mom in the world! Famous for her sunday breakfasts!
It's too soon. I can't talk about the game yet. Congrats though
#NF go #FOLLOW him. his page is so dry!!
great panel earlier today! Very useful models and points.
RT : U.S. proudly aids schools overseas, but Alabama denies children education because of immigration status of parents
I have an android.....
Other people's pregnancies always go by so quickly! (Excited for you, NB!)
you have some great potential for a nice little cottage industry! You could be the online fitness goddess!
she was fine when i left school
Ugh. Why am I wearing pants right now?
how long what will last
Happy Thanksgiving! Thank you for allowing us to be part of a better you!
All the technology in the world and we can't figure out how to make a disposable coffee cup/lid that doesn't leak?
Oh Neal.. I am glad I follow you. Your tweets that make my night.... I like to see your thougshts on the windbags
i love the show even tho im 16
I found my extra charger (:
it's pretty crazy.
God bless you!!
well i don't live like directly in it,yeah :) it's really great here :)
those are the best weddings! Have fun!
Yo Yo heat it up? Who's got something in common with Merv and Kathy?
did we schedule a time to talk. Would love to see what it takes to get 600k teacherpreneurs.
thanks for the follow! Good to connect w/you on here.
Wow #fosterthepeople killed it!!!
We are happy you survived! :-D
I did go to ochsa! :)
My wife is always running late. I think her ancestors came over on the Juneflower.
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle then with bullshit
We're preparing for the closing keynote at #nsvfsummit with Laurene Powell Jobs, and
About time! I'm pretty tired of being labeled "morbidly obese" despite the fact I'm an athlete.
RT : The last cute boy I met in California was Tyler, and it's still sad to think that I am never going to see him again.
Thanks for the fab write up!
MT Next time u go anywhere/do anything, pretend you're in a Tarantino movie. Makes even the mundane trip to the supermarket fun.
what do u like 2 do 4 fun
an unholy task now has me in its grip
I need more shoes...
"Lights will guide you home. And ignite your bones. And I will try. To Fix You..."
I've heard of birthday oral but I didn't know it involved surgery.
Agreed. The guy who is organizing this is a genius.
8:30am per Beatrice's email
QOTD for all my fellow educators: "We need thinkers, not rememberers.".
Family time is refreshing sometimes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Sometimes I sits and thinks... And sometimes... I just sits...
Looking in your account and seeing that you got paid $130 more than you budgeted for >>>>.
Today's Brain Floss: The Statue of Liberty's mouth is 3 feet wide. That girl needs a big brush!
Stupid English teacher made stuff due this week.
: #brandchat >>Competition inspires gr8ness, yes, in the right environment, but can also derail projects
Your mam and I would get along quite nicely methinks... ;-)
We are adding a hip hop night to the schedule soon. I've gotten a lot of great hip hop from undiscovered artists
looking for love in all the wrong places homie
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Butler GUM Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
"There used to be a time when we'd remember things" - Marc Maron on how GPS is making us more stupid
James Allen hunt ends thanks to off-duty police officer
What do you think of the new Pink song?? Raise Your Glass.,
I love #Coldplay but performing at the #HollywoodBowl makes the traffic in LA even a bigger bitch.
I need a job.
RT : Europe was amazing! Thx to all the amazing fans that came to see us. Now hits Australia. So lucky to celebrate ...
Agreed. Watched too many break down this year. They have tested almost every day since May 1.
enjoy young padawan. I hope it's the original trilogy.
She said .. you ain't no good , but you feel so good <3
hahahah I wish. I was cracking up at that video.
Y would I evr like u your trashy and your family is mental. Dont ever talk crap on my fam psyco.
Which Maryland university will get the first #NFLDraft pick in 2012? College Park, Towson, Morgan, Navy, etc?
We are having a FREE BBQ next weekend April 23rd!! Come and Join us. We have what you need! Just a short drive down Federal!! :)
Yes! That is exactly how I think of it... a journey. peace.
Late night! We're open 11pm-3am to cap your night.
It has been a pleasure being taken to school on salsa grooves with my new band Love playing music for a dancing crowd!!
Free tickets to Mike Posner...! Interested? :-) Check back tomorrow at 12:00PM for more information~
One of the russians saw a baby black bear yesterday,so now most of the guys are scared to do their roadwork.They don't wanna face mama bear.
Awesome job!
RT : #askacurator has shifted to #askcurators to avoid spam
Shit I'm guessing that since the 4th I've been on sum extra shit
There are some really dumb people in this world.
This is a busy area for work,everyone I call says they can't even come give a price for a couple weeks.
Just met osamas daughter with
thanks man! This is our Lucky #7 year... see you there :)
that is awesome :)
Busy but great week in Chicago for #MBAAnnual11 and #RetailDelivery now Amtrak-ing it up to the MKE to spend some time with the fam
Dear Topanga, will you marry me? Love, Austin
Just realized that #PILGF is less than 2 weeks away. It is a great honor to represent the US. Much to prepare. Hope projects present well.
;Dancing on my bed!!! !
- something about bob mould and autumn nights that just works.
One hour till game time (9pm), folks. See you all at McNally's for #VANvSKC! Nagamura with his first start for the club!
not right sir, most company's do not understand they need help with seo to be found - just putting a site online does cut it
Thx to all who came to P&P. Best 1 ever! Thx to all who gave so generously. Thx to Pizza Kitchen #pug rescue
HEY! DC Individual Artists-check out the Artist Fellowship Program funding opportunity via deadline June 18th...
RT I like Serious News Outlets who pretend that not attending the #WHCD somehow means they're not cozy and corrupt.
I love you too!!!!<3
Let your presence light new light in the hearts of people.
Remember when Gap made men's capris? That was silly.
Hi. Thank you for following up. I do need help but need my bill so I can DM my acct #. Do you need that?
Unlikely bedfellows at the library:Caccini and Cage.
So excited for #FLIGHTSTOATLANTA :D
The Aztecs should be in the top 25. Man we keep getting robbed.
With every one it seems the time seems further away but someday we'll win games like these last two.
The honor would be mine. Didn't think of it. I'll include you in my usual posts. Thanks!
Smilla is the only one of his I have read. I was just curious. Of your 6 best picks, I have read only Smilla. Must get busy!!
where do you work out at?
it doesn't have to be by a deity. I'm blessed with good fortune. ;)
how did you find it?? I cant find it on youtube.
we go veggie... working on vegan
I hate you both!!!
A shower, a big bowl of ice cream, writing and reading. Good night. :)
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. - Maya Angelou
Tonight at 11, neighbors are upset about noise and other issues from adult club that opened 2 months ago. Business owner disagrees.
most people still arguing "at" me aren't even from America...so the point is moot.
ironically, the move to MC was intended to give you a better or control of newsletter subscription :/ … work in progress.
Bitch I'm the shit i ain't worried about shit bitch I'm the shit I'm on my own shit don't you see my out fit bitch I'm ballin ballin ballin
Dear Luna plan to announce new Live Video of new single "Waltz"
Aw yeah
Its seems like u ready :)
Maynor would be so nice to have to cover Sessions. Fisher is 20 steps late.
Well, first full day of "vacation" consisted of ten-plus hours of work. Better luck tomorrow!
You are welcome.
#10waystodie ; cut a bitches head of.
Philadelphia is a very Cold 29 degrees with a wind chill of 19 degrees frost is very Likely do to the frigid cold
Switching gears and using my #Phish related Twitter account as their tour begins:
My phone always favorites random tweets.. but half the time it ends up being something I would have favorited anyway so
Supernatural Forever is trending hahahahahaha
“: it's bike month is the only one who sees the light with bike transpo”Even A Parking Guy Supports Bikes!
Now that Im reading my timeline lets say if weather permits.
War is not the answer. Unless the question is 'Which band performed the theme song for The George Lopez Show?'.
TMI for twitter and I'm recording.
Happy birthday Mike! Thanks for always keeping me clued in
Norquist wanted a puppet, and Jindal fits that to the bill. He even looks like Howdy Doody.
yea for sum reason actressprincess wit the s was taken! Thanks for following me ill def follow back!
Almost everyday Id be playing basketball haha wbu
No! Thank you for the follow!
Can you please introduce me? Sounds fabulous!
Yay today with and it's gonna be epic
Squawk asking money managers "are you defensive" in this environment. Really? And the responses are positive spins. Short selling works
wait a minute... funny that as i was walkin out on vacation the pizza party pops off? Just sayin... l
good morning hope u r going to have a great day love u so much my pretty boy !!!!! <U+2764><U+2764>
So someone from ILL showed up, the IT guy, someone from bioinformatics & one of the library guards. Pretty awesome.
This is what it must feel like to be #yawn RT : Opening up shop with
Cant wait till you back next year!! RT : Goodnight Champs!!!
Everybody follow my. Old college teammate Danny Brennan as one of my birthday wishes
Watching Bill Maher show with special guests Common and Barney Frank. Maher is kind of a jerk, but his guests are charming and intelligent.
Lol! Fun video!
Oh yes!
no! Oh and wednesday night. White Plains. Yes. Ok.
Happy Thanksgiving from the Los Angeles Public Library, Memorial Branch. We will be closed Thursday and Friday ~ open as usual on Saturday.
thank you :)
Harry's Burritos with my awesome friends #MicahWithOutTwitter #maddiewithouttwitter <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Meryl winning this is kinda like when Barkley won NBA MVP - more of a cumulative honor. OK, I'll quit trying to link the NBA & the Oscars.
When I was born, I was so surprised I didn't talk for a year and a half
it's so funny!
GM Chicago
I am somewhat entertained by the fact that it's the iPad 2 vs. "the new iPad." up next: "the new new iPad" or iPad 4?
So pleased our leaders came together, across party lines, to avert economic catastrophe on THE key issue: the NFL lockout
sounds divine!
Congratulations to who's going to be a father! His kid is going to have such a wonderful life (:
I will definitely need to know the details on your garage sale!
well you can't review your own James. :)
Maybe your dick is so small because you took 3/4 of it and shoved it into your personality
haha i am *always* using my windshield ;)
Shake your music maker...whatever it may be
"My mom wants me to have friends over" - "My mom wants me to have friends.." -
Just took a picture with Awesome! Good luck on your decision. Your gonna ball out wherever you go!
Quite confident this day is never going to end.
Man... went & raised their rate for internationally sent texts to 50 cents. Ugh!
haha I have no idea I just saw a commercial for it and was shocked
it was all over the Internet
Changing my AI10 vote to Casey Abrams, because the kid is all kinds of talented. And because Jordan Dorsey is a kind of jerk.
Thank you for the mention.
I lightweight wanna record this shit, but his mom looks pretty pissed lol
I wish I had a better memory.
you doing ok today ?
Do you know what a Badge of Courage is? A symbol of love and encouragement for breast cancer victims. bit.ly/nwx2RO
is hoping he can find a job so he isn't bored all the time!!!!!!!!!
haha HOORAY for
Making TV Commercials
He has taught at the collegiate level and provided training in numerous settings in strategic planning, management and migration.
hahaha! Nope. He said he could hook you up with someone on the bus.. Maybe even Jerry himself ;)
got my nose peirced last night, its really cute i like it but its sore
it sounds boring, but important lol
thanks for checking us out man!
Under all speech that is good for anything there lies a silence that is better. Silence is deep as Eternity; speech is shallow as Time.
absolutely love the iPad mobile site!
no more skipping for me ...
Now I must start on my lab report.
Good luck Lyra
Words cannot describe my jealousy man. One of the greatest filmmakers working today. Have a great lunch!
The Avengers looks amazing.
Your first name is "Marcel" after all. ;) RT : I'm fluent.
Tis the season to be sick!
I didn`t think those were atributes anymore ?
Need to find a way to bring your employees together? Consider picking up a copy of my book for great tips and activities!
Good luck girl. Your mom told me about it. Knock em dead! Xo RT : On my way downtown for the Kid Rock shoot! :)
Romney sweeps the South Pacific!
Omfg!!! I got a new iPod touch today so I actually have two of them!!:) hahah I'm such a brat
It did not snow once this year and so I had no reason to play 's "Snow is Gone" today. Better luck next year, Seasons.
All email can be divided into 2 categories: daytime-ish & nighttime-ish.
Dayummmm the dude knows how to roll them
YW. A necessary site you have. RT : Thanks for the follow, and also being there for us from the beginning!
don't forget to come out to the blue note Saturday night to see us rock......
. legit. I'm okay with rain here & there, but this week is making me want to hibernate
you know the children's bounce house is a mosh pit training tool. Get them ready for their first metal concert.
#FF some of Glenn's friends
Too bad we had to put up with some drunk Philly fans on the Metro after the Nats game (c'mon people...it's 4pm)
Hey There Sunshine !!!
He stole my heart and I stole his. Sadly it took us this long to realize that. <3
stop tweeting at , he is busy.
DMX has a new album coming out? I'm going out on a limb and bet that there's a "dog" reference on there somewhere
I honestly didn't know you were going to be in tonight's episode... I freaked
say when he win da #megamillons today he's gone put spinners on da microwave
Friday's almost here!! Growing more excited everyday!! \m/
Hoorray. My wife is off work today!
Would be nice if someday, people would follow through with what they say they are going to do.
#Caps Backstrom on Hunter not returning "It kind of sucks"
So I'm deff switching around my schedule for next year... I will not have my study hall in the middle of the day... How about last period?
welcome! I hope you had/have a great birthday!(: ( idk what time it is there ;p lol)
tell me how you REALLY feel sinjay.
come to milwaukee
second too last car. Plenty of room
Start your day by telling your loved ones happy valentines day!
Had the honor of singing Hawaiian songs in celebration of the life of bruddah Willie. Your unconditionally loving, aloha spirit lives on.
Thanks for the follow, lovely lady. You are an inspiration to me. xoxo
have been to Louisville, back home, and to Paducah...they finally think they have me well for now.
lob city strikes again!
They were small but they did the trick. :) it helped alot
Happy Jazz Fest Everyone! Now go out, see some great live music on the fairgrounds and join us for the nightly portions of your weekend!
"I'm gonna give you a fuel line that'll hold an extra gallon of gas." Well then, I say We drop the hammer. Let's Ride.
Bentley maybe
that shouldnt even be a question of course I want the pictures
Waiting for he sun to get covered so we can shoot here at SMASH STUDIOS #Tori #livereallivefearlessliveyou <U+2764>
Zappa's Second Law: As any conversation about language grows longer, the probability of a mention of Valley Girl speech approaches 1.
Important #Twitter Tip: Tweet #followbackfleet and #500aday You will be shocked the results! Do this regularly..
congratulations, we can't wait to check out your class!
Everything that can go wrong is going wrong in this game, apparently.
I'm Just
My ears are full of the sounds of machinery.
RT its puzzling that your snazzy logo and prison etiquette don't garnish you more free work?HA
I should use these things called drawers. ;)
"Faith is being sure of what you hope for and certain of what you do not see." --Hebrews 11:1
<U+2765>Believin' in Luv without Factual Evidence calls for Nothing but Problemz.
Richard Edwards ()'s #scms12 talk is like 's Understanding Comics: it's about a field, but really about everything
"Integrity" is the word of the day.
I know exactly how you feel! And you're welcome. RT : Love that post-haircut feeling. Thanks !
Dislike Georgia's helmets.
nothing much reading hbu :)
Tweet me if I have-not followed u.
Welcome , and to the twitter feed. Like us on Facebook.
Ok guys I need 25 more followers until I hit 200. My goal is 500 followers by Tuesday
m coffee this morning and Twilight this evening, it's going to be a great day
Iced latte Nancy Botwin style
I want my first album to be bring the listeners several different sounds. "Never Better".
Guns 'N' Pancakes
I'm so excited about watching this John Adams miniseries but hey that's not John Adams that's Paul Giamatti :(
depends, so far TT is our QB but hell if Peyton takes us to the #Superbowl then I'm happy!
Eli on SNL...Peyton was better....
stooping season officially starts march 22nd
is 1/2 burpee without the kickbacks? cause i can get behind the squats with the jumps.
Boys cum an go'!! But friends stand by your side no matter wut'!!
my soft and bouncy hair
i am
Come on
I want some stew and cornbread...
THAT WAS PERFECTION.
Gov says adding $105 million to Vikings' stadium bill can be undone in conf comm if it gets through Senate.
need 4 more followers ppl follow me the 4 ppl that follow me will get a shout out
Doesn't it suck when u have to train a new employee and they barely know how 2 use a computer. I'm thinkn "how did u make it this far?" Smh
#NP: "My Head Is an Animal" by These guys definitely have a good thing going on!
Feeling great, time for another productive day!!!
the fourth person tonight to tell me this...
I'm watching Alto Saxophone Woodshed: Aaron Fletcher & Khari Allen Lee at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012
Austin Mahone is my inspiration. Don't like it? Sorry bout cha
i hope there is another cruise. i will not miss that boat. how have u been? life is good i hope.
it would have to be Gay & Conley. I'd do it.
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 6
#bootcamps R terrible 4 new mommies w/ so many planks that allow gravity to widen their #diastasis... How I'd love to present...
Something #GF and delicious rolling out soon! Can you please email w/your contact info?
I'll re-record it some time.
Hey it's BK, What is your fave Clint Eastwood movie? On this day 1993 Clint Eastwood won his first Oscar for directing the Unforgiven.
Tomorrow, the Lions will trade up to draft Janoris Jenkins.
Tonight...it's spread love the Hermosa way!!
i would be interested in knowing more about your business curriculum review. our's is sadly lacking sustenance.
I don’t trust people very easily. So when I tell you that I trust you, please don’t make me regret it.
I made chocolate covered bananas, takes me back to disneyland!
Shutout to my favorite singer being on #FULLCOURTLIFE love u
IT snowed last night. Pow for now!!!!!
Would've like to have seen tonight. Need to retire so don't have to worry about work next AM.
Go away, Headache!
Felt like it to me, too, for a while there. Looking forward to seeing you in a couple of weeks!
Hopefully I will be going to the Mark Bradford show soon, if I don't see his stuff in person soon I'm gonna slit my wrists.
it's safe to say I am very excited for this draft. #bills don't let us down.
Almost ran 2.5 miles tonight, but I prob would have only run half that, if it wasn't for #RunningBuddy #MyNieceIsAwesome :)
Cramps Gone. Officially In The Best Mood EVER! <U+2665> Can't Wait To See My Friends Thursdaii; Especially, Kalyn & Dawn & All My 8th Grade Buddies
If it's going to be this gray, it should snow. Otherwise, sunshine I say!
Paid $ 95 for this weave plus tax #bow lol
So Rio is out
Goodmorning! ... from Vegas
hey mahomies. let's get WE LOVE MAMA MAHONE trending. support<333
sending now follow me back
haha you here all weekend?
Do not eat whiskey-soaked coffee cake for breakfast.
Thanks! I hope Shooting Star is going well, and I can't wait to see it.
Now running a special on Head Shots. Follow us on Facebook to see our Ad. www.Facebook.com/david.constantephoto
well when you're in Charlotte I'll take you!
A literary man is a dull man,a man who is solely a man of business is a selfish man,but mix literature and commerce, A Respectable Man is He
Wishing you all a great nite that's free of the n-word being hurled at you - whether through films/movies or music. Keep it at bay and away!
Its surprising to say the least. I was hoping for a CB, maybe even Jenkins. Our DBs can't cover anyone.
better, cheaper, more efficient types of existing products won medical device awards: nothing "new": is this trend continuing? should it?
Topshop in NYC, seriously I can't get enough of it. And Topman.
Because Erik is a righteous dude!
I thought of you instantly. xo how's the jack-hammering?
hey weirdo :D
“: I'm on the field in Tiger Stadium, Tigers! Where are you?” in the chancellors box!
damn this math hw is kinda of hard tonight
Just called Dad to wish him a Happy Father's Day.
Outlaw Nation has a show on 311 Cruise!!!!!
“: Strawberries with lemon zest, lemon juice & raw coconut sugar. #DAY 7. I'm inspired
Break up the banks!
GEORGE WAS INDEED A LEGEND......!!
This Saturday meet us out at Cars & Coffee Las Vegas on Eastern and Richmar in Green Valley to unveil the all new 3 series sedan!
Watching the double hope it's a good movie....
RT : Out of all 4 pro sports, what team has a man with a cane in its team logo? (100 points) Celtics
?The only real disability in life is a bad attitude
And be below .500 while doing it
Expecting the world to be nice to you b/c you're nice is like expecting a bull not to charge you b/c you're a vegetarian.
actually. Ya. Im cool with that. He is pretty fly.
My light blue shamballa has got jacked 4 times in one day
Your right... KANSAS ROCKS!!!
idk ha it's all of them! But I see your going to bed so night!(:
..keep ya hands off me bro! lol
hey what's up! Thanks for the follow back. How are you doing?
My team good, we don't really need a mascot.
look on here i posted it on my page all my recent ones
I don't know are you? Xx
#np They call me Richard...<U+2665> - this song is beautiful !!!!!
I was at Bushy's last night and confirmed the #shakejuntgraffiti was still on
Did you guys hit Captain EO???
And more meetings. Lots and lots of meetings. :)
Let's see what we can do. Maybe via email? Not all MJPers on Twitter
Awakened by the quake.
Ugh. I should have started this a long time ago. Catching up on 6 years of twitter is so much work.
That was fun
Refuse to watch $EC #nationalchampionship. Now both teams won. So it's still not decided. Best of 3, playoffs, or boycott.
#whodosntliketoraceoldladys raced an old lady onto line because she tryed to cut me off yep thats how i role WINNER!!!!!
Hi Jessica! Been a while. Hope you're well and getting ready for the weekend!
Can anyone recommend an online collaboration/communication/feedback tool similar to Spigit that isn't Spigit?
who knows but the thoughts what counts no I got u homie
Lls RT ": Would you watch Real Housewives of DC?"
thomas playing with me ugh..
How about the dobro? It's a a lot country and a little bit rock n' roll.
If a nigga call and be on some BS but the day before aint say shit about nothing, then jump on twitter to talk shit dont make u hard or cool
New song going up in 5. "Anytime". Let's party
I need a beer. Starting a tab of beers I need to have after the baby is born.
Day 4 of cma fest :(sad for it to be over, my body is ready for it 2 be over blisters all over my feet. Happy bday to chris young!
it's hard for me to fly with the eagles when I'm surrounded by turkeys.
Hoodies, Skittles & Sweet T: I Don't Defend My Life; I'm On Offense
Gonna go hoop at Mu Rec center for the first time in between classes
THE END OF AN ERA MAKE IT! H VS HBK VS UNDERTAKE
Diablo 3's best new feature: the insanely streamlined multiplayer experience. Future games should absolutely steal this.
I want an application or someone to text 24/7..
How much do you love our Romagna Calzone?! Loaded with pepperoni, salami, sausage, mozzarella, provalone, ricotta, and arrabiata sauce.
Sex on television can't hurt you unless you fall off. ~Author Unknown
Israel and Israelis are NOT cruel. They want peace and will make peace when there is an END TO TERRORISM. Arabs/Jews are brothers!!
Haters are like crickets. Crickets make a lot of noise, you hear it but you can't see them. Then right when you walk by them, they're quiet.
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 8
I named my laptop the Maltese Falcon. More or less nerdy?
"The greatest value in life is NOT what we get, the greatest value is what we become" ~ The Legendary Jim Rohn
woo what a day! i need a cup of coffee and netflix xD
Alright mom. No gift for you sunday
you brought this wave on, didn't you?
Funny watching kids get excited about the ice cream truck. It's all about the little things.
Stupid, Repetitive Tasks <<<<<<<<
Working on a video project for one of our artists... We'll let you know more soon!
Lets take these bad chemistry jokes and barium.
Sometimes you have to reacquaint yourself with the written word. Like there's too many for you to peg down in any order.
call 866-999-4936 to access live IP Security Camera Demo's.
“: They should make condoms that change color when they come in contact with STDs.” makes so much sense
Nigga go home and fuck your emotions.
hi alice.
Job hunting/interviewing is SO similar to dating.
Who is your favorite musical artist?
Hey new followers! How are you all today? Be sure to follow my personal twitter as well!
Exactly! has forgotten the swiftboating of Kerry and the hysteria over George Soros the "socialist!"
If you break a sweat cleaning your room, you know you probably need to clean it more often.
Vinny's laugh . that is all .
oh my gosh. Greatest idea ever!
Today is going to be gorgeous! I had a rough morning but hopefully the beach will make up for it :)
I'm Fed up with trying to make you mine..:-(
I hear Michael Johnson is interning at 58.
When you say that we must go to the movies real soon right after I told you I don't have a bf makes me not wanna go anywhere with you -__-
Q6) One where the learner can make lots of mistakes along the way.
lol who was the other person ik who tommy is but idk the other kid is
You're welcome! :D Ah Dragon!! (We totally need medieval nicknames! Lol!)
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, It is about learning to dance in the rain
I am so thankful I was blessed with wide shoulders. Especially nice when flying on regional jets
The rationale is based on balance, but in practice, it's about increasing tough choices that don't serve users well.
Fell asleep last night w/out eating dinner. Not only am I #StarvinLikeMarvin, but I feel weak too...
I hate whn people say u cant b addicted to weed too.
"So, what are you putting in your kayak?" "Me, myself, and a GPS unit. Why do you ask?" "The last guy was using his to collect rat bodies."
About 2 go c THE AVENGERS @ 12:00 tonight!
Follow our Coach Justine!!
RT if you think im amazing at editing pictures :)
Two for one breads AND morning buns at clasen's! Go! Now!
yess lets all go!
Why are you so serious.....
Well, that is staggering and in some way hilarious.
Wow, #Brewers making headlines all night
he said that xD it was hilarious
Looking for someone to video an upcoming event. Know someone? DM me!
Decided on the Spy Museum. Whole thing felt like it was plagurized from a history Chanel special. Now back to the hotel.
I love Hollie's voice...
when is the next meeting?
RT : Oh you know, I'm over here raging because the triforce appears on Links RIGHT hand...instead of his left..
so easy...
the app is now 100% completely free.....because we love you.
has a bleach high....
How is this bullpen Valentine's fault? Seriously people
So happy that I'm finally finished with classes for the year. Now, bring on the finals.
It's TIME. J-E-T-S Jets Jets Jets
So tired. Im seriously about to fall asleep at work.
Absolutely! Giants have a home game that night, but Sport Management has their own reception prior to the ceremony if you can make it
Lynn Zentner from NCN gives list of success criteria for HUBs, VREs, science gateways, and such from nanohub experience
The original is better!
Saw my future husbands today <3
come on u dnt know if the person has been hit by a bus dnt be mad!
MSU AD Mark Hollis in statement: "Coach Izzo is more than a basketball coach. He positively impacts everything he touches."
anyone interested in beginning a conversation via a new #hashtag #gradeschat ?
He's one of the biggest reasons I'm even in med School!! I even wrote about him in my personal statement!
please follow back!! ur awesome :D <U+2665>
that seems to be the consensus!
Your work is very important. We are very careful where we get our herbs because we worry how they are being harvested.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
someone is trying to ask something I don't understand ... ugh. what is the point I am missing?.
haha i'm sure it's not the worst city in the world!
For real? In Hendersonville? Why aren't you here man?!
Was almost murdered by a Brobdingnagian Oriental carpet roll, but saved myself with my cat-like reflexes!
Drinking some kick ass moonshine haha
I want Aaron to chop my throat but in a different way …
Thanks for following and for the RT. Perhaps we'll meet you this afternoon?
She still on dat bro.
The Hunger Games: too violent for children?: Some parents have taken their children out of screenings of The Hun..
FOZZY of course!!!!
Today's first interview done. Back to the Sourheast branch for more.
In need of books on Narratives, everything really (theory, psychology, etc) please send me links or an email
When you feel so tired but you can't sleep. When you love someone but it goes to waste.
when r u able so skype me curz i wanna see ur purtty face! lolol
Those moments that take your breath away....are the most wonderful to experience!!!
oh god
thanks for sharing.
Mention this post and get 10% off of my jewelry tonight at the RE show at the Calvin Center!!
First tweet from my iPad :) so awesome
Who's going to see the this Friday? Have you seen them before?
Consumers Pare Purchases; Focus On Healthful Foods - PerishableNews (press release)
hey hey just working hbu?
Randolph County Record - Muncie Star Press
My boyfriend doesnt let me eat at school, so naturally when I come home I eat everything in site & summer is in 44 days. Uh...
Patrick Hornbeck previewing Latin Works of John Wyclif, digital resource on Wyclif with searchable translations
"More dirty socks than Carter has pills." Kathy White yuck. I tweeted to Jimmy Carter! Now I am going back to sleep. Good night Moon.
Ha! I'm fine with that.
Maybe next year I'll be there. Now the tweets & book will have to do.
Tomorrows my last day in hell for a while <U+270C>
Well #BGC8 ova so I'm fina showa and go to sleep
thank you .
Um...you get your revenge by making your wife watch a chick flick?
Eddie Redmayne is so hot.
I am going to use some of these tips. Plan to go to Vegas next month for a few days and the prices so far are outrageous!!
If happy ever after did exist I would still be holding you like this <3
Picked up case of wine I ordered today. Picking up amom on Thursday. Coincidence? I think not.
take it off!
#QuestionsThatDontGetAnswers are you a virgin? Answer: thats private BXTCH is a yes or no question lol
I got ya real fan, When ya SNICKS get that cloud off that's been chasing them of losing streaks then talk again(drops mic)
Want a shout out for your little student? My "Roll Call" Forecast is coming up on First name, please!
I got instantly hooked to and music and I LIKE IT!!!!
I have never seen an entire state rally around a unibrow...until now
Driving the night away! #Florida is getting closer! Just two more states!
Happy Monday morning Twitter!
hey Steve, good morning, when you pick the next winner, I don't care how it's spelled it's pronounced Mike Hart. Have a great day!
culture is our operating system
Going to Miss Cover Girl practice tommorow!!:) Can't wait<3
Omg I was about to sleep but #strange sex became trending.
Seattle Sorbets is on this Mango Sunset today.
#Norv Turner not a happy camper
#FollowFriday The Mayweathers, in good times and bad, the 1st family of #boxing:
Thank You! Now that's a good idea! Lol :)
Ouch: Reading my #MayDay tweets, I see I'm out of practice taking photos & live tweeting while running backwards in a crowd.
does anyone use an internet service other than ? Looking to change providers due to account mix-ups and poor customer service.
Rocked my audition today! Holla!
Does your business require LANGUAGE TUITION, INTERPRETING or TRANSLATIONS? Call Brigitte at Languages For Life Ltd on: 01476 594154
who the fuck asks people to do that tho.
no... I'm I supposed to do it again??
Shawn should get kicked out of the Chicago area until the playoffs are over lol
Roundtable: Same-sex marriage, Doug Manchester, Props A & B
("hey") me-"im busy ignoring you"
Thank you so much. I was looking for advice on investors, and your tweet help alot. Thnks So Much.
Who's trying to make a road trip to h-town? Let's do it!
Forget about it
Yes have email @ home, but can't access at work freely - have to use 'quota time'. Will text you that email & check in between
That must have been your worst nightmare. RT : My kids are terrified of Hink, 's mascot.
Free concert....MYSTIC SOUL & The Reggae Force Band - Hollywood Beach Bandstand - Johnson St. & the Boardwalk, Florida 8/26/11 7:30 - 9PM.
welcome #happybirthdayjboogz. I'm putting in everything I have to say haha
No idea where I will end up tongiht to watch the game, but whereever it is, LETS GO PENS!
Vegas was so hot for the PGA Expo, glad to be out of the desert!
Apparently somebody out there is making very bad rumors about me. I should probably click on the link to find out.
Yeah!!!! "WARREN WOLF" hits the street today w/ & Greg Hutchinson. Make sure you get urs
Good Morning and welcome new followers! Hello and great day to all of you! :).....COFFEE TIME!
Ok Phil time to address the o-line Jay needs time to find Jeffery and B marsh.
Cuddyer agrees to three-year deal with Rockies
Hey Nicole! I'm so excited to meet you in July! : ) I look forward to hearing about how your year is going as Miss DE Int'l!
Rocky Twyman, Capitol Hill prayer warrior, urging Obama to have a bipartisan bone marrow drive.
u and Victoria are sitting near me on the bus ! Das it
Can't decide where to eat tonite? Dine w/us and support a new Vilas Zoo Animal Health Center - we're donating 15% of today's sales.
yeah bitch, yeah bitch, call me steve-o .
Missed hanging out wit her :)
Happy New Year! Our students are back, and working hard on their Practicum website projects. 2012 is starting off well.
One reason not to be a DC/VA resident is that I'm not eligible to stay in HI hostel... :( Next time I will be a Missouri resident
Just returned $127.17 to the store and an hour later bought $127.17 worth of other crap
Where are you?
Fuck bitches , get money . Fuck bitches , get money ;*
Crazy good!
When someone comes into your life. God send them for a reason, either to learn from them or to be with them till the end.
An hour before 2:30 & I already have "that 2:30 feeling"
bahaha if she wasn't grinding then she wouldn't have lost them.
You will hear a great NEWS about our project "Bricks Of Hope" soon,,,,Stay tuned!!!
We'll be reaching out to let people know you represent the future of
Soo beat from lax conditioning
challenge accepted
BREAKING: Per CNN: George Zimmerman has retained Mark O'Mara as attorney and voluntarily turned himself in.
Guess what? Not happening.
i am so following on twitter!! twitter just got awesomer:)
If you can't stand your gf/bf but you stay with them bc you love them- YOU DON'T, stop being selfish and move on.
all the respect in the world to peeps that edit video on the daily. holy cats, I'm going crazy
Never stop Hustling that's what it's all about. I finally spent some time on this Twitter...
And we'll really live it up when The Wizards win the cup
“: LET THE REFs ref ok . I hate games where players try to call the game . flailing arms everywhere” Welcome to Pats football.
Have you read your #Facebook Page recommendations recently? How can your business or org use these customer testimonials?
The first time I went to Five Guys my uncle instead of pronouncing it right he said "Five Gays" lol
Our latest fine art print arrives this Thursday. Prepare your space :)
my boyfriend is 15 hours away....where are my friends to keep my mind off that ? :/
Did anyone just hear #jonGruden on #MNF???
Hey, Scott. Are you a gear nerd? I'm not, but you might want to check out my old pal on Instagram. Great stuff.
Going to moderate panel at Duquesne Entrepreneur conference-should be great!
Lesson learned, No one likes a liar... They only like good liars.
RT : Guys who don't have respect for women who are quite frankly way too good for them to begin with<<<<
Throwin' it out there. Went to see Korn tonight. pretty sure I'm over n done w/Em. Some things don't stand the test of time
The position of the artist is humble. He is essentially a channel. - Piet Mondrian
it's still the same number!
I sold today for 2 hrs...yet none of my targets perceived it that way. They perceived value.
i would like to work on your web presence in exchange for an hour of airtime
I could TOTALLY go for a hot pocket right now! RT : hot pockets. They're good for thy soul.
- Good luck whereever you go. You will do well!
Awesome -- love it too! Just saw the convo with them!
cube I don't see u down there next to Jack wats gud?
It's a great plan, obvs.
not even !
just realized one of my friends looks exactly like cameron hurley .
Trying to get my film ready for the next year...Can't wait!!
HMONG & AMERICAN: FROM REFUGEES TO CITIZENS exploring issues of gender, sexual orientation, art, language, religion.
Can I just leave my face at home... Or no.
Agreed! RT My breaks are not long enough SMH
thank you
#YouShouldNeverTrust somebody that talks about others when they aren't around yet smile in their face
See, you get it.
and I ain't going home solo cause I lean like a cholo
what? I am talking about that little prompter knob thingy
We're open until 12:30 PM today. Plenty of time for you to join us for lunch. Maybe have a handful of sweet potato fries. M.
Yea!! is hosting the Oscars!! He should do it every year. He's the best there ever was! :)
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Google Shutting Down Buzz and 4 Other Services
As a professional musician who relies on my ears I can safely say that I'm 99% sure a slur was used.Shocked when I heard tape.
Have the #FINEST time!
Hello Alabama!!! #LongestDriveEver Thankfully Mr. D (Austins Grandfather) likes to drive :D
3 Days Down... 647 To Go. I'm Gonna Go Insane.
Lately life has been a blur.
Wonder what power 96 was like 10 years ago.must of been better
true. But I don't see it. Not at all.
#TentCity was epic tonight!
I like the website redesign… just noticed it. Pleasing and well done.
Felix Gomex Trio plays tonight at !
The Streets
One step at a time...
The Data Shark is still circling...Let us help you dispose of your confidential information with 20% off shredding till the end of April.
I guess that would make you twice as hot as you already are, considering Orlando is in the high 70s today.
#NP Take The Box by Amy Winehouse.
This virtual meeting wouldn't be nearly as fun were I not attending from my kitchen.
Yes, Baby girl... I was at Target off 635 and Montfort years ago and they were all over the parking lot looking for food. NASTY!
Thx for following. Check or pass on if interested: free soc skills d/loads for kids with ASD.
you for the North County event! Hoping for more like this one; enjoyed - always a great host!
Told you 2-1! Told you to change the bet bruv
clipping my nails
lovee you ! miss you and cant wait to see you over xmas breakk! #shitshoww time
call it a coincidence, we have the same laptop!
RT : BREAKING: Mitt Romney Celebrates National Kick a Blind Kid in the Nuts Day
RT The French Horn is easily the sluttiest of all musical instruments. It's the only one you . . . . all at the same time.
Congrats on the seed money-you guys have a fantastic idea, definitely one to watch.
Awww RT Among loci of father-son #bonding memories, the humble barber shop is an unassuming massive overachiever.
Ha, I do stuff other then sit there, according to Claire.
Good, at least one good thing came out of that tweet. OUR FIRST STOP IS IN BOGOTA!
In Vancouver at #AFPmeet! With
Stuck in the north? Some of us like it up here...
The link is now on for story on fashion.
Kbj in the studio recording working my skinny Black ass off. Thank God music safe my life.
and itunes are warring over my ipod, eventually one of them is just going to nuke it from orbit just to be sure
howd you start acting and at what age?xo
Talk is cheap with word you can't keep.
Follow true supporter of the DMV music movement. #PeerPressure /via
i thought alleigh was helping you too
john cena i think u r a awesome wrestler and when u vs the rock the only person that is going to bring it is u cena!
Don't like gay marriage? Well shit, good thing you don't have to get one!
This is Dan. Dan is a Baboon. Read, Dan, Read - Chicago Tribune
Interesting. Magic Johnson says Mike Brown to be fired if Lakers lose tonight. Jeanie Buss says Phil Jackson wants to coach again.....
Hey I really want to start putting covers of songs on iTunes and maybe get a manager. You are an inspiration to me and I love to sing.
The closest place to get internet at Flagler is a bar. It's like a #photographer paradise!
Austin,tx tonight. I'll be at the Geisha room. 5th n Congress.. 10pm.
Tonight on #OutdoorWisconsin, Dan visits Pantheon HOMEGROWN Farms to learn about its programs for adults with disabilities. On MPTV 10 at 8.
the spotify station >
When cancer is found early, 90% survive! Stage one is the cure!
Lets see 2 guys and a girl....I think all they need is a pizza place and they're on ABC circa 2000
Ha! I missed you by less 4 hours. Stopped there on our way back to DC.
#who farted?
Thanks dude
True for entrepreneurs too! RT : “If everything seems under control, you’re just not going fast enough.” ~ Mario Andretti
thanks for listening!
MT : I'm sick of hearing GOP tell me the wealthiest nation in the world can't afford
Oh man, I'm pretty sure chicken soup is better and more effective than tylenol.
S/O to for his commitment to South Dakota St. This kid can shoot from anywhere and can jump out of the gym! Congrats young man!
Children who are autistic are just different, in the sense that they just learn things differently.
"America, America, God shed His grace on thee. And crown thy good, with brotherhood, from sea to shining sea."
Especially when they auto play 2 videos and a whack a$$ song at the same time.
YES RT : Starbucks Via instant coffee is THE BEST coffee for making iced coffee at home. Hands down... Just letting you know. :)
If would have lost last night, none of these Tweets would be happening. He is just like #Heat fans. Disappear during losses!!!
Early Medieval Europe understood such concepts which became alien to later "Enlightened," people. The west lost the mystical called it East
So proud.
Thanks, Doppler Bob!
just make sure the bike has a kickstand okay?
you're cray cray and I LOVE you!
Playoff hockey for the Amerks.
Did you ever notice when you blow in a dog's face he gets mad at you? But when you take him in a car he sticks his head out the window.
I need some good British comedies to check out. Have any suggestions?
sitting here drinking my morning coffee and watching all these people jog around my neighborhood. I must of missed the memo...
thanks!! i will try that recipe! sounds delicious!
RT : Take a look at our Thanksgiving Recipes from top food bloggers! What do you enjoying preparing or cooking the...
fuck what you heard, its what you hearing!
RT if your a mahomie :D
Why can't I fall asleep?! Oh yeah, because my mind is racing. That's why.
can't wait to have everyone here
Thank you for the #FF! Have a great weekend!
Especially amazing considering I've been a perennial sports Scrooge for over 3 decades.
I need no ocassion. . . I do it big err day err day lol.
Well it sounds delicious.
I'm Too Happy Right Now, Next Week Will Make Me Happier!!!
Great! “: YAY! Tammy Duckworth has won the Democratic primary in #IL08. Congratulations ! #why2012”
HUGE CONGRATS to who was just awarded tenure at Occidental College!! Yayyyy!!
Check out science of Iv-7 at www.sandibailey.iv7direct.com 1st EPA approved germ defense in 30 yrs; Anti-bacterial, anti-fungal, anti-viral.
Today in 1998, Brandy hits #19 in the UK with 'Never S-A-Y Never'.
Something seriously wrong how people can hate their party's candidate, & still say that it's a 100 times better than the other party's guy.
A 21st century problem...watch tv, listen to my ipod, or play ps3...screw it, I'm watching Thundercats! (On the Tivo...)
I'm doing Good. What have you been up Too?
ok that's a fucking great name for a bloody. What's it got for a garnish? a lobster head?
I can already tell its gonna be another SLEEPLESS Night :p the thunder and lighting is starting up strong :/ this means i cant be online:[
Yay! You should do it!
you're cheese
I used to think that my spirit animal was the deer. But now I'm pretty damn positive that it's the highland cow.
The Skywalk at Shiodome in Tokyo is awesome! - futuristic - what the Highline wants to be
Ewe! Be careful!
RT : RT : We are here at the W Austin on #DodgeDartDrive #Motorama LIVE participants sharing our 1st drive...
Welcome to twitter world.Best way to do business and stay in touch.
Everytime I look up, there is somebody different staring at me...
so...who wants to write this paper for me?
12 Days of Celeb-mas: Celebrity Marriages of 2011 (PHOTOS) On the seventh day of Celeb-mas, Celebuzz gave to me . . . seven stars a-mar
Newspaper capped Gold in the Journalism Olympics, and now time for #AVENGERS. good day is good.
i might need to reevaluate my predication after only 2 games? Rough start.
It's been a while nice seeing you too!!!
AH SNAP!
I think bro...was he wearing them?
Hedi Slimane PDC is so incredible. Plus, the projected loop of photos had a backing score by No Age and Ariel Pink. A++
i cannot win this. i quit
“: Never play leap frog with a unicorn” Lmao
that mean nothing lol
You can blame the Founding Fathers for a lot of things, but you can't blame us for the Kardashians.
Advocates Cam Weaver & Gordie Guist are speaking about research participation at the Maine APDA annual #Parkinson's symposium
#wssmiami "Systemize your business so someone else can come in and running." Jody Johnson
n'aww. make sure you kill him before he kills you then XD
Start making your plans for this Thursday's ride! It might be the last of the season & it's going to be mid 70s and sunny! You gotta come!
You could of invited me in for a cup of coffee at least! It's tough going door to door.
#ThrowBackSongs I'm Inlove With A Stripper by T-Pain
If it were up to me I'd just post the one tweet introducing you all to the products.
we will miss you but that is exciting!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
Workforce: HR needs help in engaging "creatives." But if success with one company, then it can go viral.
please let me know what two big fish are out there
Phone dying! Ill c yal whenever. ;)
haha yeah. Some picture right?
We always blame society, but we never stop to realize, we are society.
Its already been a year? damn.. seems like yesterday the nado hit..
Glad has a new book. The Other Normals takes on D&D #harperfallpreview out in Oct but I have an ARC
wow! congratulations!
N da car bagn the purple tape s/o to
Drew Brees, amazing! Please start talking about him in the same breath as Favre and Manning. That image of he and his 1 year old - memorable
Meant to say current and FUTURE authors. Former authors welcome, too, of course!
Congratulations to Bulls on another great win against Pacers!
Forget the win, I just want us to score a run!
YOU GOT THEM BANDS SO GO AHEAD..SHOP JUST FOR YOUR MAMA!!!!!..NOT YOU!...
Hearing a helicopter around Station North for a while now...
Spring Obey hit the shop today- stay tuned for photos!
that's so close to me! If I didn't have this midterm I'd come hang!! Let's hang soon, tho!!
Can't wait for you to join us! RT Exciting news: I got a new job! I will be new Marketing & Communications Coordinator
happy birthday shortie
I seriously can't wait until summer. Catching up with friends and spending time with the ones I love is only one week away! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
The day had arrived for game day is here
"Over the river and.." is now the theme song to my life. Back to Cambridge!
Thanks for the tip about Renaissance Soul. I put it on my wish list immediately!
i shoulda went to the game...
use my pic for your next cover
"Well done is better than well said."
It’s going to be weird still checking Facebook when I’m 70.
literal bricks
Sleep? Whats that? Lol ": No sleep comes to a hard worker"
DK please get back together before the 5 of u girls make a fool out of yourselves& destroy the little bit of pieces that was once ur career.
We also need sponsors #Milwaukee! If your business would like to sponsor a television show about Milwaukee Music:
I know, agents/editors are probably on it already. Yuck. I know that is one book I will never read.
Off to Easton to talk bag bill with MD
yo I gotta 2 bedroom 1and 1/2 bath two story in middle of no where Rockhold KY 84000! ha need to buy nkotb tickets for wife
okay, thanks for answering!
I wish it would be summer ALL YEAR LONG! IT'S SO FINE TO BE RUNNING AROUND WITH SHORTS ON ALL YEAR!!!
love you wifey
Just order it! :)
Lacrosse is the sexiest sport and played by the sexiest people
Be sure to follow fall 2011 artists: ...
RT : Share generously. Value in creators, but also value in connectors. Don't keep tally of help given. Always give.
I such do that... Learn english
Welcome to the #teamPSE family !
Stop by inside to check out some FAB MP original art! 9pm
we just do it for fun
Live plants are not necessary for fish but make best looking tanks. #Aquarium plants = gardens - require care and trimming.
“: You ladies were fantastic at tonight's championship rally! Great job! You were all as gorgeous as ever!” THANK YOU!
people still use the term "cakin" for talking on the phone?? Oh
I love my life.
haha im joking! i would never take a girl to mcdonalds......on the first date.
Looking at a couple of histories of The Royal Society created 350 years ago. So many books so little time!
Huge house fire on the 500 blk of point springs, NW BEXAR CO.
What are your thoughts on #TUFLive ?? Awkward format.
I'm addicted to Draw Something...
I'm feeling adventurous tonight
...and if you don't have any gay friends that's just weird. The ghey is ubiquitous! And you should be able to make friends with any good ppl
Just here... Chilling... Tweet me
Freaking out
hehehe yes we kiss squirrels! you're too sweet. Thanks so much dear!
WANT TO GO TO THE WINTER GAMES IN VANCUVER? CHECK OUT OUR OLYMPIC RAFFLE HERE www.denversports.org
Store-bought Knock Around Susan cookies - My Specialty!
Thanks. Hope so too.
I told my sister I love lee taemin more than her, so she said " I hate yo bitch ass" LOOOL.
today's to do list: coffee, job 1, job 2, spa appointment. it will all be worth it.
Awesome!! Eating supper!!
who fight saturday? I can get it over here
#tylerthecreator I mean who are you? You fucking suck man go home to mom and live it up becuz thatz the last award Ur getting.
I'm so happy I know about you and ! Believe it or not, you guys make me smile EVERYDAY. Thank you. Love you!<3
After all that, they're still Candy. Need to worry about getting of first weekend in the real tournament.
The best part about Friday morning is plotting your outfits for the weekend. What are you ladies and gentlemen thinking for the weekend?
Congrats to Judith Light on her Tony Nomination for 'Best Performance by an Actress in a Featured Role in a Play'!
we got caught up in some stuff... We're gonna come 2mar
We are so accustomed to disguise ourselves 2 others that in the end we become disguised to ourselves
|#quotes You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile.
If I was at all decent at or interested in softball, I'd form an all-bisexual softball team and name it the Switch Hitters.
#Kman has gotten to the point where he won't let Mrs. GL get him out of bed without a hassle
“: Spurs going to run a damn train on the Clippers” ~ !!!!
why thank you!
"flash website? Boo.." I know. It's stupid, the flash. I haven't come up with a suitable alternative; ie. new website.
Just tweeted to the UW leaders conference about what we heard from community on their aspirations. Send us your ideas and we'll share
haha I need to grab MADISON
I never thought about it either. Kind of scary - have bookmarked for further study. TKS, !
Had a great time with and the rest of the Piper's World crew! This movie is gonna ROCK!
no problem miss (:
&& I think its ridiculous that I let myself treat everyone else like they the ones who did it to me.
Well I had a great day off. I worked out at the gym. Zumba ckass was awesome,
"Derry": A borough of northwest Northern Ireland, or what you type when aiming for "sweet" with your left hand fingers one key off :)
Join the all Exclusive Class For Ladies Only! Take a Ladies Styling and Technique Class Every Tuesday Night at Just Dance Studio 7pm.
If the #Mavs aren't going to care about this series then I guess won't either
Driving in a downpour is one thing. Add idiot Greensboro drivers to the mix... And I could pop off at someone right now!!
Not always.#opendata <U+2260> panacea 4 fixing public/government civic engagement pipeline. Apps R often band aids 4 bad gov tech.
Don't you hate when a conference speaker asks, "Is there anybody here who doesn't know about ___?"
HAH. You're lying cause they filmed it in February :P
JOHNNY FUCKING STOKES FOLLOWS ME AND @ REPLIES ME ON MY NEW TWITTER [] :D and he replies me first. i win.
Turned on TV this morning which was tuned to SciFi channel and this infomercial for magicJack was on. Pretty amusing.
smuggling with my kitty is my fave past time!
Today in Blues History: Nov 4, 1977 The Band's "Last Waltz" premiering in NYC featured performance by Muddy Waters
#CNNTrayvon shld think 2 ask Black fathers, themselves victimized by these concerns, how they prepare their sons for the same experience!
Sigh of relief as Brewers see ticket sales rebound. Would have been nice to be oblivious to this whole thing.
IM SINGLE CUZ I REFUSE TO PUT UP WITH BULLSHIT!
Victor Perlman (ASMP): "universal does not automatically equal free; access doesn't equal use." Real or Not Real?
BRRRRRRR! it be frosty in the OKC! bunkered down and watching bo diddley video :) see you at VZDs this Fri 2/4 w/ Planets Align
I wanna be a lost boy.
Everything is targeted to the 18_34 demo...Mark Pedowitz
": Bismack Biyombo, great game, finally." Boris Diaw, bad game, predictably.
When blending fruits & veggies, secret to best drink is ADD 1/2 c water & 4-6oz yogurt if possible! Also use SOME ice or frozen ingredients!
Chinatown haircut was a total success. Not much else in NYC I'll ever find for $4.
Runyon's done now time to hit the weights!!
I think Ima go back to sleep for awhille before I have to go to work
I bet you can't wait.
What was it?
loves everything about his wife: her hair, her style, the loves she gives (me & my children) & her smile. She is truly the love of my life!
We need to have a slap a #tcot #gop conservative day - anyone who calls themselves a gop deserves to get a slap.
Thanks for the follow ! Happy Friday!
you spelled it wrong? Lol
haha thanks bud
Sorry about misleading you. Glad you got the book anyway and hope you like it. Thanks for letting us know.
Nora, read that KIND OF BLUE was a good Michael Connelly read-alike #ewgc - Corwin is former LAPD
Follow our guitarist hes trying to get more followers than Chris. :)
#ifyouknowmeyouknow That I got some mean MJ moves on the dancefloor
Another day another dollar
hahah I'll add u to list of ppl that will make that an excuse if lebron wins title...compact season he got stronger...
My moma gonna have the nerves to call me after she left me homealone , she asked me if I smell dead people?? Wtf MOM IM HOMEALONE & IM SCARY
Better be happy , I'm cleaning my entire apartment in anticipation of your arrival tomorrow. Get excited!!!!
Ss can whittle the bust of a historical figure from a bar of soap & explain how history would change if weren't there!
I was right there with her! went to the mound of bullshit that is the White House Correspondents Dinner
You can change the sync settings in iTunes to leave your phone loaded apps alone! I can download apps from my phone or itunes
Gonna go out on a limb and say your new cover story will be one of your biggest. Way to make Portland crap itself together!
My avatar looks like a female? Are you serious? haha how is that possible, I'm basically bald!
Sushanna Williams and me went out for a networking dinner and will have monthly meetings from now on...
NFL Network > ESPN in draft coverage
Just got the most amazing news !! That's all I can say right now. But I am honored, blessed and that's all I can say right now.
Is it just me, or is Paul MaCartney turning into Julie Andrews?
hey there sexy canuck! I kinda like "x-rated Tat". Ur beautiful and sexy! Don't b afraid 2 show it! Just my opinion.
No Matter What.....
You people are the best 1,415 people ever. You should come see us live: AEthereal @ Area 702 Indoor Skate Park w/ For The Foxes and...
What are some of your favorite ways to stay motivated during #physical #therapy?
RT : My belief is that the organizing session for #thatcamp is a rite of passage for all new THATCampers. Now you're in.
shiid it don't matter
Good morning Fam and God bless.
#statefair grounds are scarier now than when they held the halloween haunted house.
“: I don't want another nigga bitch no no no no sharing”/!!!! Vice versa doe
Holla! My favorite tune right now lol
RT : awesome i won an nice award at < which award
It could. Functionally it's a good feature. The criticism stems from the increased strain on already bogged down networks.
Obama: Republican budget a "Trojan horse, thinly veiled social Darwinism...a prescription for decline."
Come watch the State of the Union address at the brewpub. We can at least agree it's awesome that the Obamas are brewing beer!
Happy anniversary to Harvard Sailing Team's very own & (Yes, they are REALLY married.) Have a time, you two! xoxo
anyone still rent movies
I'm hungry
I'm thinkin I'm gonna warm up my : Sir Mikol Mode today
Two words: Rachelle Ferrell. Why am I late to her phenomenal talent?!
Bunch: While #culturalmuseums are of a particular culture, must also show that their history cast a greater shadow beyond their communities.
We try not to ask you guys to #RT much, but please help us get the word out that we have an opening for a lead guitarist.
FOLLOW You will be happy you did!
RT Prototype to revenue stream: Reynolds Fellow starts multiple social journalism sites based on fellowship project ow.ly/62YiH
someone's gotta have your back. Nick's got mine <3
that does sound like something both of you would do
Yummy! We will be eating that meal for my 32 Birthday in South Beach in July!!!!!! Oh, yeah!!!
Svr. wx threat looks to stay south of WI with the weekend storm at this point.
bigger than guns, bigger than cigarettes.
Why does that happen
TGIF! We are about to enjoy the first nice weekend in a while! Happy #Mother's Day and #Fishing #Opener! Wake up with the !
Happy B-Day! Oh, and bring a fire extinguisher to the show ;)
Amo a los Jonas ;) . PROBLEM ?
The one who invented the door knocker got a No-bell prize.
You are awesome. Me too, easier to stay home. Less drama.
!!Teen Hoot Artist contest!! If your video has been posted on Youtube prior to April 22, it will not be approved for the contest.
Thanks for the follow, guys. I love what you are doing with IndySphere for small businesses in Indy.
Love and electricity are one in the same, my dear. If you do not feel the jolt
nigga i dont wanna "talk" to you. why are you still tryin to get with me and asking my friend if you can talk to me?
says 50 kids to a classroom, no matter what their color, that's not going to work.
Your brain is 80% water.
This guy's really good. Knows how to bring it. He could be the next president. /via
Darling,i love you more than you can imagine ! i love you i'm fine and you?
My heart is broken.
with Tracy and Thomas
Currently in the works: adding support for donations. On deck after that: subscriptions & memberships.
Some Amazon parrots are cuddlier than others. Most of it depends on how they are raised as a baby and how they've been treated since...
Check the date 2/12. Only 1 week left for your State inspection!!!
GOOD MORNING GMA!!!
If #TorontoFC doesn't win this series, I doubt I'll watch anymore of the #CONCACAF Champions League.
oh my God! I saw that on Facebook!
Hey-o Gatsby, thanks for the shout out!
Catlan (bari player) claims that the Greek chicken sharwarma is like a luxury taco!
I already know that's y I said I respect his grind!! His music just tear me up inside!!! I mean it hurts!!!! Lol!!!
Bradie Ewing () drafted by the Atlanta Falcons!! Congrats Bradie!!
Yay! I keep forgetting I'll see you so soon. That makes me happy.
Our event at the HOSA competition didn't go so well.
No parkin' on the dance floor. Beep-Beep. Beep-Beep.
that's sad lmao
What a FAIL
The longer I look at that picture, the less I know what it's supposed to be.
If ur not born awesome, u will never be. I'm awesome, and so is and
Getting ready for the show. I have I more painting to do in less than one week!!! Can he do it!!!?
Dang that's bold
Having a complete strategic picture of your strengths and weaknesses in the market is vital to
Planing a trip to new york
Yeah it's something all right
Tasting the Mission Bowling menu at the Noise Pop slash The Bold Italic event, and it's off the hook!
's the fan club is at
0. I'm doing so badly. 3534 out of 4446.
yes! I'm newly obsessed “: Anyone on DrawSomething wanna play? :P”
Women marry men hoping they will change. Men marry women hoping they will not. So each is inevitably disappointed.
*cricket cricket* Good thing you're pretty.
what ever arguing on twitter doesn't make y'all cool and shit duh<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080> thug bones... Lol
"Textbooks & passively listening to teachers are a thing of the past." Jean-Claude Brizard, CEO Chicago Public Schools
I'll get out of my pajamas.
oh yea lol just the 4x1. We got 2nd
don't forget the Lauras :)
That was my nephew that just caught the homerun with one hand at the Braves game!!
Any parties this weekend i can go to???
If I tweet about twitter, am I metatweeting?
Love it - congrats! Endless storylines...
Waiting for the garbage truck to leave so I can record my VO audition!!! Boo garbage truck!
Coffee shop = day care center.
The Zagat Survey of Washington, D.C., lists Firehook Bakery among its Top 10 Best Buys reflecting the best dining values in the survey.
I love
sorry misread it. I do think the Broncos wanted no part of that circus
i will be watching
<3 you inspire usRT : You guy's are mentioned in my 8th grade graduation speech <3
I dropped my laptop off the boat.. Its a dell rolling in the deep[;<3
thanks for the follow! MCDM is a great program.
very true. Still the best show on tv.
Dear Researcher, How do you occupy my reading room for 5 hours without leaving once to go to the bathroom or eat?
I just had the same 'oh crap' reaction. Oh well.
Without my students I wouldn't be able to live this life that I love! I'm grateful to get to share what I've learned so far.
she loves him! #TeamJef!
I always thought Reggie Bush was a type of weed.....
that means your fuckin with lames!
Most hybrid buyers don't buy another one, Polk study says Almost two-thirds of U.S. hybrid buyers returning to the market in 2011 chose s
I wear a PGA tournament style jacket and wear a leprechaun hat all night. Gets ALL the ladies.
How have you been Sam
We've extended our Free crown moulding offer again. Call us to take advantage of this great deal. Free Crown Moulding installed in your home
Is it me or is M. Millen talking about Luck like he's his agent?!
Great conversation on social media mc'd by right now. He's a smart guy. From Louisville.
Please do leave a review if you've read one my pieces either on Amazon, Barnes n Noble, Goodreads, Shelfari. Thank you!
"Indianapolis - we cater! Our service is affordable, easy to carry out and Chef John can make food other than Italian. Call us: 317.264.3585
Musical excerpt from Max Understood by Michael Rasbury.
sorry to hear AG, your family is in my thoughts today!
there are the Original people in this world. Then there are the people that quote movies and TV shows. I'm going to start quoting my own.
After last year I would hold out
Never really understood why people put hashtags on Facebook? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
It's eleven and I'm not tired at all. When did I get so hardcore?
Oh my God, this is insane.
I'm so pissed! Missed a picture opportunity with Antoine Dobson watching himself in the bed intruder video. He is the coolest dude.
just finished my last
North Carolina- you better not disappoint tonight...hate to have the President revoke your statehood...
RT Hippie has an iPhone. Doesn't that run counter to the ethos?
We should get something trending about cam and biebs!
War has made me very PARANOID! and when you get to eye-balling me, makes my Agent Orange act up, makes me want to KILL!
Tammy got adopted yesterday! She is a lucky greyhound!! I will mix her
The hits keep coming today... Gonna hit back.
Wiz get caught with weed it's a slap on the wrist anybody else get fucked over
Seeds hold through to the semis at the #CAA Tournament. Drexel/ODU & VCU/Mason on Sunday. Should be electric in the Richmond Coliseum Sun.
Jammin' to some ;; f*ckin' right.
Buy mom something that will grow all summer long, a heirloom plant! Mother's Day Plant Sale 5/11-5/13
it's tremendous!
My house smells so bad!
foam rollers and ice baths. definitely a romantic night for us last night
it's all sparkley! & purple. :D
OH MY POTATO its so flackin hot out :/
SEPT 4TH IM GONNA BE AT LQ GIVING YOU THE BEST HOUSE, LATIN AND REGGAETON BEATS KNOWN TO MAN. FREE ADMIN ALL NIGHT BIGGEST PARTY IN NYC.
Preparing now to catch Jon Bones Jones in the big UFC match tonite. Sports Bar in Towson. U there, come holla!
Pretty sure I tweeted about our game against Grant a couple times. xP
One of my favorite things about softball, is praying while the anthem plays, gives Me and God a good moment to just talk.
Last flight of the yr w/ ! Tons of flights this yr with #SouthwestAirlines! I should be passenger of the year! #seriously!
Them middle school kids ratchet.
I think we should start a new trend and
There are a lot of people that I have met on the world wide web, who I hope, will never breed.
"I'm rattled."
not very excited about the Bravo move. I think he could be of more help for SKC than for Cruz Azul, both my teams :/
Im so happy to finally get this off the ground.
Stop trying to be something you are not and stick to being something you are..
Thank you Jesus for sending us Cody Zeller!
"Its better to try and fail, then never have tried at all."
I know the square root of 69...it's 8.30662386.
Stevie wonder, Donnie Hathaway, Peabo Bryson, Brian McKnight, Dave Hollister, Joe, and a few others!
it depends on the project. sometimes both.
Traffic...ugh.
I am so jealous of that dinner! Looks like has made something delicious...AGAIN!
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.
I just realized my girl works at jimmy john's sanwiches.
youu worrying about dying or when the world ends
In Tuscon you can't wear pants? Isn't that law unconstitutional?
Wade, LeBron & Co. are about to get it in against the Pacers...
This is GREAT! I want to RT but it won't let me. Please enable your tweets to be retweeted! What's up with that? LOL
Im so happy That It did!
We see what you did there. Favorited and RT'd. :) ^SZ
WHY CAN'T I SEND MMS AHSGAHFAJAFWJS D
you didn't forget you just didn't get up to give hunter the money lol
Arias hit by Guthrie in what looks like his left wrist. He's leaving the game.
*slide you the gun*
Why, party last night
Success is getting what you want, and happiness is wanting what you get. Dave Gardner
Oh my. Kanye is here for
Cafeteria sushi was a terrible impulse decision this morning
if you like to cook, you should make this :-). cc:
see you soon
Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind ~Dale Carnegie
Come on #GatorNation let's go!
at tonight! shoe drive. Get here early, not many tix left!
National Weather alerts goin' off like crazy
LTS end of semester study breaks are coming May 7th. Come join us in the libraries for therapy dogs, graffiti walls, and more!
heard dat. 1800 fb friends, 188 twitter followers - its gonna be difficult to spread my messages
working on using "smart graphics" rather than the pretty yet meaningless clipart you usually get in powerpoint presentations-LOEX in 4 days!
Hungry with a headache :(
Absolutely. We want to hear from everyone, whether you were able to join us today or not.
what happens here, stays here.
“: Why does every person on #TheVoice have to have a sob story?” Its just good television Tara, you just cant change the channel
Don't ignore me and only come to me when you need something. Because next time... I won't be there.
thx for the direction;)
RIP Maurice Sendak
following up with you re: our interview outside Daily Buzz this morning over "current guy trends: hot or not?"
satcy! :O i'm shocked you tweeted such vulgar language!
Happy National High Five Day
It was horrible.
Well, the semester must be ending soon. Civil War prof is lecturing on Sherman across the hall.
Awesome! Best of luck to you too =)
trying something new .
if you feel like breaking down, try nicorette. Sounds gross, but it helps in those tough moments. Good luck!
First day of school today for my 1st grader and preschooler... what are some of your 'first day of school' memories?
great track!
Great! That's what college is about. Good friends and good times. :)
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> finally found hAppiness
Yeah! Have a FUN weekend shopping and enjoy! Any dresses in mind? (I LOVED dress shopping...)
Making a Christmas Eve run for beer and toilet paper.
Robertson's wonderful to have. But "replace Rivera." No one can, of course. What a horrible morning for baseball.
Retwret this if you listen to music!:) he is frekin amazing!<3
right?? 5 notifications and all about events.
I'd take Jeff fisher over Vince young anyday, Fisher is a great coach, Young is a headcase. Easiest desicion to make ever
Hope all dads had an AWESOME WEEKEND! Check out our FACEBOOK page to view pics of our event this weekend.
Liar? "I've got to take a break, to be honest. I'm not even going to lie. " - Puff Daddy
YAY you finally tweeted. LOL an wht a wonderful tweet it was. Tht is some deep ish!!!
Zoltan from Dude where's my car
Honestly Family Guy is so stupid but so funny.
The guy is so freakishly bad at hitting he was 0-8…which is only slightly better than someone who has no arms. but somehow gets a win
Had a nuts night
I laughed so hard at that tweet, I choked! xD
Especially the big 3 to end the half! They got buckets last night
OK, I'm done with "_____ Spring."
Police are mum on the details but we are digging
At this point let's bring Flynn in and move Rodgers to running back.
Justin baby, you're hot. Follow me? (':
Texas-Baylor is on ESPNNews will #UH game is over, folks.
thx! Love working with y'all RT: just received the Apr What a great, great issue
I wonder if sprint is gonna give me a free week for all the calls and text that wouldn't go thru downtown this week ....
hello!! did you take your time out today?????
Have a story of injustice 4you! Man with 1 arm who worked for 2 biggest companies in Amer. 16yrs,and how they are *^$#ing him!
White people who have dreadlocks should get the same sentence in prison as those who are caught human trafficking.
Game Time!! Lets go Oklahoma!!
Tweet away! Looking forward to hear how it works for you! RT : Thanks for the advice on tweeting. Very helpful!
are you coming back
Wow! Come join in on the conversation on Twitter and #ShineYourDivine!
Check it out! New Morning Blend blog post from Anders Norberg at Umea University in Sweden. www.blendedlearningtoolkit.org.
Our tutors at John Muir Elem. are lucky to be so close to ! All kinds of delicious food and cute shops there.
ha! Made it to Nashville mayday.
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you can't.What you've got to do is turn around and say "watch me"
Thank you Mayor Booker for stopping by on Thursday and acknowledging the importance of Aljira's enterprise in downtown Newark
Cursing the additional snow falling right now.
This migraine is eating my brain! Gaaahhh #can'tsleep
Hey 22,190 friends..lol Is there anybody left on myspace? Well if anyone is listening. Makaras Pen has a new song up called "Sixfouronezero"
lol that was at Pikes Place Market Seattle at my photo shoot with Robert Knight. I don't really put my feet on tables
he is actually presenting this morning to a group of Guidance Counselors...want me to pass along a memo?
Exactly! Are you seeing them in 2013?
what chu doing ?
Doing more lucid dreaming lately. I always wonder why my dreams are so sparsely decorated.
Drop cable and switch to douche
It's sad that "real" Britney Spears died years ago, but the cyborg replacing her is gonna be judge on one of them singing shows!
Program Committee at MSA is interested in "poster/booth" slots for DH projects
great comedian tonight! What is his name?
Niall has a tattoo. Niall. Has a. Tattoo.
Our goal is to raise & distribute $10,000 for Autistic families in need of services in Indiana. Can you help us make this happen?
We met at #mw2012 You made a list of resources for small museums/galleries at the "Big Idea" breakout. Is there a link?
could't agree more. Little brother is right.
reaches out to strategically grouped bloggers and blog communities depending on news or product focus.
Pre conference survey + interesting data + great infographics = brand exposure + leads + earned media
bro are you going to that party tonight?
I didn't do it :/ he's dumb.
my hands smell like cat treats.
Yup! No Problem
RT : Beer Snob Alert: Monroe's n #Pittsford has their own brew that's very hoppy, but goes down easier w/ every sip.
the post offices are losing money because in 2006 Bush/congress passed an act, that requires the USPS...
what do you have
": dont call me if you boring !", im not lol.
thanks for the mention, I had a lot of fun with the theme :)
do it
Remember to take the time to listen.
Congrats to rushy26 - you will be seeing on Thurs ! Our reps will DM you! See you in a few days!
is pretty nice, I don't blame you! No problem, enjoy.
I'll finally feel like a kid again come Christmas weekend! Jets vs Giants on Saturday & 5 NBA games on Sunday! DON'T WAKE ME, I'M DREAMING!
Tell to follow you :p
It's really THAT fucking annoying
live to catch people or live to accidentally make them happen?
We make a solid effort during each home game weekend. Actually a road game or two a year as well.
too much strangeness going on right now...the stars must be up to no good o_O
Hello! Got info from rena :)
Listening to "Monster" by Skillet. Love this song too.
Apparently falling down is the new foul? Lame
Q : "What tools do you use to i.d. influencers?"
Girls don't ever get that you're his girlfriend, and they NEED TO FUCK OFF.
we're already past that
Sounds like sabotage to me!
its not funny yu terd lol. but i like that i can leave any class jst to go to sleep
and that's why I unfollowed you!!!! HAHAHA
Doing my Uri Geller impression..bending spoons for a Black and Tan party tomorrow
could you pleasee say happy birthday to my best friend !? HE LOVES YOUU !
AMEN! That dude is giving NO credit for the Clippers.
you can always use the task manager within chrome to see what's all running.(:
and last, but not least, #FF ! :)
Maybe a dark grey background?
you talking about that ad on tv, or real life?
Here in America, people return or exchange gifts, and shop for bargains all over again. In this eternal frenzy, life still happens.
My critique of the "Gorbachev factor" for the end of the Cold War? It includes the phrase: the 'pendulum effect' of Russian leadership.
LOL. I love you cuz... & I'm very proud of you.
Bob_Cornelius thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
"The difference is not in the path that one takes, but the trail that one makes."
Down to 2700 bc people play fabulous
To all my people waiting for some electro mixes. More are coming soon!
Okay! I'll send it on Tuesday or Wednesday probably
have you checked monster or temp agencies? Is there a particular area that you are looking at?
Congrats. Well deserved. :)
grumpy again I see. I just got back from Bermuda and I am SMILING!
omg tell me about it!!!
Nod to , #Chipchura was FANTASTIC making decision on goal possession.
RT : thank you! love you too! RT : We love , well done on you :-)
Not feeling ANY holiday spirit :(
Jim Tressel's vest of shame.
At work still sore from my thighs!
Another great productive Team Meeting!!! stay tuned!!!
Like boxers?!
lewis copeland at the stage!! tonighhhhhhhhhhhhhhttttttttttttttt don't let any rain or snow ruin a good night out dt! :)
(<U+FE36><U+FE39><U+FE3A>) <U+261E>wanna get added to a list so you can gain followers faster? (¬_¬)<U+261E>follow then reply DONE.. <U+261E>HURRY I'M WATCHING<U+261C>!!
no problem honey lamb!
