ella called me a demon child hahahaha
or maybe hire a bilingual college student from UW?
Good game so far... #Spurs should kick it in to next gear soon
I am beyond ready for the weekend right now.
Look sucker, this my gun butter Street fighter bitches, this the up cutter Nunchucka', no time to ducka'
yep next month!
I'm so pissed. Colton went home!!! This is HORIBBLE. Not watching AI anymore this season!!
love her... she's a special lady!
Anyone aware of any time warner internet outages? Cable is working but no internet. Hold times to technical support LONG!
Just posted some bridal pics on my Hair in the City Facebook page. Two of us did makeup and hair for the whole bridal party!
New phone:)
Back to the daily grind
My cousin & her husband are coming for the weekend I wish it was going to be more warm & sunny...Happiness is a warm sunny Chicago weekend!
and to top it all off today is payday and I have no check! Guess I work for free!
Cast of Dallas just here at TNT. Mr. TV's prediction: record ratings on the cable net. You'll see.
you're welcome.
If you want to watch hilarity unfold. Check out the on-demand fiesta fun over at !
Tweet us for your chance to receive free tickets to tonight's Small Ensemble performance at 8pm in Paul Hall!
The Old Vine Zin is always a crowd pleaser! Come sample it at our table at the & Indy Wine Fest.
Heading to school.
that's metaphysical riley
I made a #snowman today. Probably the first time in 20yrs...
The official Juju Association website is launching THIS WEEK! Everybody get ready!
I haven't been here lately...and that could just as well be a metaphysical statement.
Thanks for clarifying!
Just got two new colors in: neon pink and neon green! Stay tuned for us to put them up on the shop :)
how do I win the signed guitar!!
that is my favorite. So glad some guy can admit they love a chick flick! <3
nawww... there were only like 6 ppl theres, so we just had movie time and got let out early! You fine! No worries!
Day 3 #lilbigshowdownpromotour. Durham here we come.
need some people to text ,
The movie stepbrothers >>>
Last reminder: Member ticket registration at joinsporting.com begins at noon tomorrow for Monday's matchup with the Galaxy.
With the right attitude & the right skills, everything is possible for everyone - shared by Lee Hooper from
My guy is so drunk he might me packing his things & leaving
will you be there at meetings?
Still Need LADIES for video shoot for #Jello Contact myself Boxmann or asap.. Auditions May 20th
well done!
When I met my tutee, I was taken aback by how pretty she was for 14. And she was by me too. At least I know she'll be studying to impress me
good on Gray for parking tax increase. DC cheap compared to NYC, Phila : For your weekend perusal: 10 random budget observations
Any suggestions on Voice Thread or Animoto for students to use? The Animoto 30 s free version might not be very helpful...
Spam will not be tolerated.
I'm glad every one at #gc2012 is behaving themselves. Try to cause a ruckus tomorrow :)
Boom! You got it. Full name?
Agreed. Once you've seen The Situation and Snooki, there's nowhere else to go.
The stages of psychological response experienced by an athlete depend on other factors, such as timing, severity and the athlete's history.
No school tomorrow. Ill sleep in, be a bum all day an get ready for #GradBash <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
nice!!! Which song is your fave??
I’m not you,now that would be disastrous.
Thanks for setting up our new account! Excited to get it up and running next week!
Library website launch on Monday. Work this morning. #Longhorns this afternoon. Work this evening. Work Sunday. #\m/
Nope! This Sunday is the deadline!
Kids in this Econ class are stupid as shit, just shut the fuck up.
indeed - been back in the US for two months now ;) great to see your move across the pond! Congrats R!
Really? Of course, I watch baseball! You do know who you're talking to, don't you?!? lol
Without online piracy, what are our nation's unemployed going to do with their time? Boardwalk Empire isn't going to watch itself.
What a surprise. Congrats on all you've accomplished. Recap from Infomart:You at NYU, me near Boston, Ed in Oz, Ben 6 ft under.
let ur grace and justice fall down, hand in hand my Lord.
and eating roasted chickens in the BSU library while writing thesis papers
happy happy friday!
Keep on dreaming, even if it breaks your heart.
Jantzen Beach is a serious misnomer
Survived first full week of employment in three years. Can finally say TGIF!
WHERE R U IN MY LYFE?
Live to be with Jesus... because He was dying to be with you!
me sorry!!! Record it!!!
Today's clue for the Super Mystery Jackpot song is: At least two of the members of the bands children have achieved fame on their own accord
do i know you? ahah
#stopkony & help the children in uganda!!!
to the people stealing copper wiring from Honolulu freeways please stop! its really annoying.
I am to bored...
i have a sleeping disorder dont judge
Pimp slap is pretty strong, but the artist slap is stronger, I'd slap. Also the pimp-limp doesn't compare 2 the art-swag.
the new row of corn won't seem to grow?
Family is something that needs to be protected,nurtured,encouraged.Let's never forget that family is the foundation of our society.
Enjoyed The Big Meal at ! Intense, fast-paced, emotional - feeling like I need to watch again to absorb it all!
I know she will be right back on the road but that's doing too much.
Celtics vs. Knicks tonight at 8pm! Watch the game with us!
well ill make sure ill give cat books/Movies and a cute lil cat just like you <3 hehehe (:
Aw....RT : Chris Wallace remembers his father during the memorial for Mike Wallace earlier today....
hi hi hi hi :) how's it going, love you! #chasingthesun <3
Hah! RT : The unemployment figures would actually be far worse if they included people who describe themselves as bloggers.
Green flag drops. Time to watch lead for a couple laps then crash
*starts making "follow me on twitter _PatriciaDeLaO" poster*
RT Downloading gifboom!!....what's that
Right on. I think it was you that turned me on to the "Mars on Hawaii" project awhile back. It sounded fascinating.
should be getting it delivered today :)
Seeking an IP #Docket Specialist for a law firm in #DC! A minimum of 3 years previous experience with docketing software programs and stro…
make sure you follow her on twitter, shes a great twitter friend. :)
Seth and Yulun from will be there.
Also excited that we & our mentee chapters were named the Charles H. Wesley College/Alumni Collab Award Recipients!
Whats good ! I'm getting all primed up!!!!!! Shotsies Baby!
Free Library of Philadelphia uses timed tickets at job fair, handing out in person and through eventbrite.
Just because you can live tweet from class, doesn't mean you should. Focus on learning first, evangelizing later.
ATV fans - longest ATV parade in the world, Silver Bay, Minnesota. Sat., June 23
send me a pic: now!
thanks! Just a sprint this weekend. U??
“Which Way?", 5 minute Ignite-style talk. Alaina Kraus,
it is THE BEST
the only good thing about private schools are the uniforms, we look so elegant omg
WOW thanks for all the support on you tube / all most 2000 subscribers <3 Kellie
#epic swag!
My son said he wants a T.Rex as a pet. Does anyone know where I can adopt one? Where is John Hammond when you need him?
Idk who was more drunk or but either way that was entertainment! Lmao
follow back?
Apologies for the older posts, but we're going to tweet out our latest content from the past couple weeks to catch up the Twitter feed!
well those always brighten my day wow so amazing
Travis Beckett advances to the semi-finals of #USBC! Congrats Travis. DC represent!
Nice to get a road win! RT : Rams keep NCAA hopes alive with 75-65 win over Air Force. Rams improve to 19-10 (8-6 MW).
Hella be looking like Oscar :o !
I do not give a shit about S & P or their damn 500 companies.
SO PUMPED TO SEE EVERYONE BACK TOGETHER =)
Angelo wanted me reach out! Did you receive the files?? Blessings!
An icee sounds fantastic at the moment.
Would have tweeted up a storm at #2012rsa, but no free wifi. Best panel I've seen so far has been 20433 "Vices and Virtues of Wine"
Been busy, I guess.
RT: that would be my dear boy > You are very much correct, Andrew :)
Drinking coffee and watching "Little Monsters" on Netflix.
RT Yoga is not only a body adjustment but an attitude adjustment too. I did 40 mins at home this am.
Epic Seats is now on Twitter in Full force!! For ticket updates make sure you find them here.. Cheers!
I hope all this traffic means The Sunburnt Cow is going to be busy tonight.
that's ass
I want to win
Do stuff but don’t worry about what you’re not doing.
Did you watch #MadMen last night? Thoughts?
Los angeles :)
Can we get to 600 followers today? I interned under him in 2007-2008 and, I promise you, he's funny.
Twin humans on their way to free speech! Unarmed! Get em, zombies!
really? haha :p
I'm having breakfast here at the Taco Shack in downtown Austin, TX - perfect beans, eggs & potatoes w corn tortillas - then will go to
The only thing better than coffee is MORE coffee.
no way giirrrrrll I love YOU more ;D
you are, a cinema, I could watch you forever.
I'm only a little nervous right now.
No grand jury for Trayvon. How long must we wait for justice?
Thinking about doing a Fundraiser :) Hopefully this summer!
nothing much
Hahahahaha, I oughta slap him & then step on his balls .
There's nothing like firing a Henry Rifle in some cool country air.
It took 12 alarms to wake me this morning..
Thanks for the RT, !! Hope you have a terrific day
Sorry not at Down tomorrow nite Im spinning at
Darn Badgers.
Home from Spain where I got to preview the new Ocarina of Time for 3DS and play a concert for Nintendo!
Endorse. MT : I sense a reality series there. "Darrell Clarke: Raccoon Hunter" would find an audience on the Discovery Channel.
Endorsement meetings are normally closed, meaning no live tweeting. Results normally reported out at end.
what about the medium over which we are communicating? :)
happy to talk with you too doll! Ily!
Arts Courses in India: Explore Top Arts Colleges of India
I want a giant pretzel now!
Stomach is killing me crazy...#ugh need my honey to come and save me but I cant find him....
The Walking Dead: so named for the amount of time the characters spend acting willfully oblivious of their immediate surroundings.
!!! RT LeBron is T-Bone while his teammates burn down the banana stand.
It's been years since I posted on #ILX, but the Twitter "RIP _____" trends are a RIP-Off of the ILX RIP threads from the '00s.
Nick Collins and Sonic
Thanks for the support! :)
#Mavs need to double DWade and make LeBron, Bosh, or anyone else on the #Heat prove they can beat them.
Home by Dierks Bentley is majorly stuck in my head.
Have you seen the idea that she and Biden might switch places *this* year? Crazy/exciting?!
PubGet vendor speaking highly of David Rothman, I agree.
No one wants to be locked in a writers room with a talent writer who gets on their nerves. So your likability is important.
Need a change of scenery so planning a Memorial Day escape. Where to go, where to go?
#Urban #Meyer to Ohio State deal expected to be announced at #OSU #Duke basketball game on Tuesday!
Just kidding.
ADD THE COMPLETE LENGTH ALL NATURAL HAIR GROW PROUDUCTS TO YOUR NEW TREND VISIT WWW.SHOP.COMPLETELENGTH.COM
We've lost all touch.
It funny when people say " I thought you were innocent but once you opened your mouth, I was wrong"
I think you should do a cover on, A Thousand Years - Christina Perri . And make a shoutout to me. I'd cry. (((:
Avril hi how are u?
Who REALLY knows how to 'Jane Fonda'??
Quite crazy that the #Lakers will have to play Games 3 & 4 back-2-back on Fri & Sat. Hm so scheduling can be as bad as the officiating?
I quit drinking like 3 hrs ago, so u absolutely did not!! ...why am I even entertaining this argument?! Smh
naw I said may 25 my bf coming to Omaha
Waiting since 9am for granite co. 2 cut 3 holes Last time they get my biz! Been on the way since 1pm for a 9am appt!
70% of all Tweets contain a hashtag.
Hi. Congrats on the DAMS project. Sounds fun!
OMG White Chicks in the morning. <U+2665>
so many garbage remakes out there! What happened to original good movies? you hit it earlier B.
its just a guess, but I think that when ur kids are young, they consumer a lot more of ur life.
EAT IT! :D
I'm alright how are youu?
Read about the unsolved murder of M. R. Peel at Millville in 1882 in The Arizona Prospector Magazine
It's Friday! Anyone else looking forward to the weekend?
Earthquake in Japan, and a big one? I hope it's not true. Japan doesn't need more of that crap a year later.
Sitting in a hammock drinking from a sports bottle. Adult version of infancy.
haha that's thee song man!!
For some reason I keep yelling "Harry" in a British accent. "HAHREEEEE!!!"
We have so many great schools in Houston! Which high school is the BEST?
RT @ baltimorebusinessjournal.com. Americans drove less in '08's gas spike.
Only in Georgia can u have 50 degree weather one day ad 90 degree weather the next-__-
and I are enjoying the fare at and headed over to the HRPS meeting to talk Reno historic preservation.
I'm with everybody on booing Mauer, but please lay off Morneau. He wants to be out there more than anybody...concussions are a bad deal.
5 Gum Rain >
CIT is Committee on Information Technology.
y'all still lost .. so your point doesn't matter lol
Accurate. RT : Typical conversation with Boys cars boys and boys.
Organizing seems so tedious but the results! Oh the results are fantastico!!!!!!!! #Get organized!!
"Sooner or later, we sit down to a banquet of consequences."
Love the big shot of Sylvia & the cut poster. Definitely have to scan this into PDF.
It's all about the he said she said bullshit.
Selena is my world <U+2665>
mentioned in the New York Times piece on the Met's Costume Gala Talked about summertime sadness <3 and THE CAPE OF COURSE <3
Some girl at the mall: "And then he sent me '#YOLO'. What's a yolo?!"
Thank you!!!! :) We had originally planned for April of 2013...but talked to r pastor & decided we needed to do it now! :)
well again the whole mom, primo space fan move a bit faster than Texas ;-)
Max Payne 3 is going to be the ish!
Another mothers day without my mom... something I'll never experience. But I get to finally see her tomorrow.
Hey #DodgerFam just a reminder to follow us on instagram for great photos of your #dodgers and favorite players. thank you.
In a surprising move, Barry Mayo has resigned as Radio One's radio division President.
what a fantastic modern age we live in ! :)
The Arcade Fire Ants
Pay attention to your dreams, God's angels often speak directly to our hearts when we are asleep. They keep saying your name ;) sweet dreams
All my followers follow my business page
hallllllloa there! Congrats on Giants! Freddy Sanchez 4 president!
Up late err night, see me I make clouds
i tryed but iam bout to get out now. iam tired
Enjoyed you tonight, thanks for your coverage. We don't see enough of you. Who do we see to fix this? Hope there's more soon.
madison always ignores my ass so whatever im happy for everyone who gets followed
because you miss Sprout and because Sprout misses you too ;)
There is as much greatness of mind in acknowledging a good turn, as in doing it. Seneca
I get that they want to use blood to get the piranha to turn on each other, but bullets were doing a pretty decent job of making them bleed.
We love the way music brings people together.
- Another ex. of "do as I say, not as I do" re: taking $250K+ pension while telling others no pension for you
that's a guilty pleasure movie for me...hm
Naked Santa on Castro st: I am both baffled and impressed.
Sacred cows make great hamburgers.
ahh I hate feeling this sick I feel like im going to die!
not really, my life isnt super stable right now
Swear they're dope though!
when do you find out?!
Well damn!
": Nowadays what's passionate to you is a joke to others." Omg that's true being a mahomie is my passion others take it as a jk!
mi nuh know :p
watching the game?
good thing I migrated away from GoDaddy a year ago. Now if I could only scape C-casts grasp
i was gonna do that yrs ago but lack of motivation consumed me. lol that does pay well depending on exp.
Mom just stole coffee out of a woman's cart at Walmart
In 2010 when the iPad came out, people viewed them as content consumption and "yuppie" tools. Now, they are bought for employees....
Sometimes the way people write and spell things make me wanna just slap them in they face
- Great job in the music video! You look perfect wearing that bluetooth earpiece. ;)
The In a word, WOW. Thank you for doing it right, Joss Whedon.
Did you know that hand-select each beer served at the festival? There's going to be some great beers you won't want to miss!
thanks for the
my first full album :D
hell I like your idea better
Don't judge the angst-filled teenage girl inside of me that is catching up on 5 episodes of #OneTreeHill... I really miss
Happy New Year Nawlins! Missing the Beignets, making da groceries & screamin "throw me something mista".
McBride, U B killin'! Sibelius class @ New School has 1 more wk. The students, this semester, R killin', & I'm getting it more 2gether. Yea!
Today is the perfect day to get out and shop! Visit our expert artists and award winning estheticians both Mequon and 3rd Ward open 10-5
I'm downloading your special. Said it takes an hour. Now I'm at the bar.
#ICantStandWhen my computer tries to mess with me!
It's never too young to teach your kids about empathy and respect.
i wanna take a nap!
lol its intense like ive pretty much always had a 6pack but what ive been doing ill have an 8 in a month or 2 maby shorter
Thank you! You peeps should follow this lady! She's really nice! :)
I eat Penguins over white rice S/O to --->
#dook going down! :D joy!
I know! I kind of felt bad about laughing that hard...!
I hope you feel better soon.
Inspiration and genius are one and the same. - Victor Hugo
Days off are definitely needed from time to time :)
If I had known it was going to be better in the end I would have been more cheerful.
Why do girls always call each other sweetie when they fight?
Big sky bird taking me to Philly then to Germany. Just felt like having cheesesteak & strudel this morning ;)
Try not to do that.
It's hard to love a team with Felipe Lopez starting at second, but I'm trying.
A lot of talk about DC gov folks that don't live in DC. Can't forget that Gray, Brown, Barry and Alexander live east of the river, not DC
Search for Drew Waters' Webisode, "DLife The Series" on Facebook and if you're there, click the "LIKE" button, if so moved
yeah! like a kids rant!
Theres just something about the vibe on a dive boat. Bad a$$ diving
Well played fireside grill, well played.
Stupid Missouri
Firehook Bakery of National Building Museum offers special orders for Cake & Catering - call (703) 263-2253! Call us for your next event!
Ok, i'm safe.....that was too fucking close.
Is your dj tonight at LUMEN!
That sash-barfing bit always kind of bothered me.
At work! I haven't even had time to let my hair down but definitely soon
I feel like I need new shoes.... I can't find ANYTHING on my closet. Everything looks like so meeeehhh.
I see what you did there.
ls there a graphic artist out there who would be willing to help us design a beautiful bookmark to give to customers? Free books in exchange
Bobby Valentine's starting to remind me of John Kreese ... not in a cool badass sensei way, but in a scumbag 'sweep the leg' kinda way.
haha yeah that'd be nice!
The 6 Americas: Alarmed, Concerned Cautious, Disengaged, Doubtful, Dismissive.
RT : Practice reframing other people’s negativity as a reminder of how not to be.
BACA video coming soon!!!!!!!! STAY TUNED AND PASS THE WORD AROUND.!!!!
Ya know, they don't exactly know when I was born, but they predict it's was approximated around 1813-1814
I say no. If nothing else, where do you leave it? Tell him you left one, he must have confused it as recycling!
wtf. you're kidding right?!
so tonight, my 11:11 wish would be for you to follow me<U+2665>
“: I wish. Live 365 does have a iPhone and android app though. Check out their site. ”
I love more than I love butthol
are u joking?
just don't step on any needles, ok? crystal city marriott is like the jersey shore circa 1984
WOW!!!Almost everybody is older than me!!!!HaHa!!:)
": If you want to know what in-breeding looks like, go to Disneyland." Hmm I would say go to Walmart.
At Catalina Jazz Club and Diane Shurr is killing it. Her band is pretty tight as well. We need her at opening night of Jazz Tree Lounge!!
<--thats my dude right there! Mr. Jones been down from day 1, a real
Damn bruh Im bout to get tickets to the #firstplaneoutthisbitch u need one
is a little puss
Almost! Just a stack of papers yet to grade...
Los Angeles, Gardena show tonight! Come out tonight to see Arms Like Yours w/ more. Admission is $10 @ the door.
My local library has gone exclusively to self check out. Had to hunt down an employee so that I wouldnt have to pay $0.50 fine with credit.
against me?? hope not!
Life is hard by the yard, but by the inch, it's a cinch. --Gean Gordon
Good morning =) RT : Good Morning Love
A 70s child, I love Ali McGraw for driving the Jaguar "hauling ass," and the running scene at the end in Convoy. What a heroine!
Porn is officially a main screen search filter on The Pirate Bay.
You're welcome!
what the heck is going on aroud here?
Just saw at Madison's Booked for Murder. Looking forward to reading The Price of Liberty
I got u send me something
Awesome song...Hum-On :)
Anybody wanna play Hunger Games in Cal Anderson later?
Rahhh (Rick Ross voice)
This day is going to suck.
you have your wrestlemania plans set?
I <3 that hubby is working for Subaru on route 4 now. He is so close to my school. We were able to have lunch today and spend time together.
Dream big, and think backwards
Bored as hell
ohh I forgot, apple just ran out of iPhones :/ sorry lol
LOL-that's much later! 1st we need to change the corp culture w/exs. MT I wonder what enforcement & compliance would look like...
American pie reunion with my bitches.
He gave them the power earlier but when they started to be bold he tried to suppress them but by the law not by the army.
Don’t forget to turn your clocks back by one hour tonight when you go to sleep – it’s Daylight Savings
Hi victoria, im megan!!!!!! i was wondering if you could tweet me, it would mean the world!! :)
Logan's
-Really you just gone put my business out like dat
It's so awkward saying bye to your roommate's morning-after-houseguest. "Great to... meet you. See you again.... someday. Maybe."
Reading some reports on
Makes my day. lol
Has reading a book ever changed your life? Which one and why, if yes?
Movie recommendation is Michael Fassbender in "The 300"
If you can’t get excited about what’s on your resume, then don’t expect employers to give you a buzz.
Dead ass RT : “ The lakers gettin' in that ass tonight”/ u can't be serious
from the sept open? What time?
that is a very good TT.
I hate commercials!!
Thanks for bringing together over 150 years experience in #sped #law today!
2 goals in stoppage time. WOW!
I can't believe this all they do is talk about you.
Happy Birthday, Dum Dum. Love you!
Listening to a Sheriff pursuit in Riverview, suspect crashed through 2 fences and through a brick wall... still going!
All my domains that have URL forwarding enabled are timing out! What gives? ex.: religionbulletin.org (my acct name: nbr)
I have spend the last 9 hours learning the basics of Field Sobriety Testing.. Now I wonder if I can test myself
ditto what Jag said. CC:
Sweet mother of Jefferson Davis, these Girl Scout Cookies are good! #SamoasRock!
#survivor finale tonight!
and violence/threats of violence against others, and his erratic behavior) and eventually became involved with a better man, got married...
Happy Birthday ! Where should I send the pig? Haha!
you're welcome:)
I think that's pretty much everyone with umbrellas...not to worry :)
okay(: check my last tweet.
Like ten of them. I love them omg.
Seersucker table-runners...
Which course do you prefer here , Soffer or Miller?
I wasn't sure...it wasn't like your normal humor.....haha.
Torres with a hat trick?! Holy fuck!! He hasn't gotten one since 2009. The Barcalona goal was a confidence booster for sure.
Happy new year!!
what r u doing up there lol
Talking to right now
#GameofThrones renewed for a third season - *happy dance* - Storm of Swords is my favorite of these books.
how crazy is it wen u walk in2 a place, order(/sunglasses,bandana,not tryin to rep), after u do ur biz,they say,"Tyme Johnson,Right?LOVE!
Mothers day, lunch
go follow she has amazing tweets !:D
daisy cutter on the way!
Look! The space shuttle on a plane!! The end of our space program - WOOT!!!
i now know the exact page numbers of the tanager section in both my sibley guide to birds and kaufman field guide.
I made a list of everything you just said to me. Now I can make a book and title it, "How To Lose a Girl", or "How To Make Women Flee." Hm..
Put a little umph in it
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!
congrats on 2 and many more to come!
Everyone go follow They follow back ! They're really close to 200 followerrs.(:
going to virginia beach for the third year. love it.
happy birthday!!! Love you xoxo :)
Um, yeah, we're going to use HTTP POST requests to integrate your system, no need to worry about designing the UI
#NowBumpin "Bastard" by Tyler The Creator
yeah mayne! Everything be having a bad ending too it.
I saw a tweet about this calling it
Right on! As an ex-resident of Norfolk, I'm proud of the win! Best to Norfolk State!
If you thought the #DavinciCode was off the chain. Wait until you #read the DaVinci #Street Code by Cole Hart
The sounds of 8th and D: trains squealing, metal poles, female chatter, sirens, wind, leaves
I didn't get in the pool today -_- Dang I should of went to my friend's party. I miss his little sisters lol
Working on getting the site ready for alpha launch -
Fuck lying Fuck Cheating Fuck users if u can't keep it real GTFO!!!!!!
what's good sir!!!
yes it is
Congrats to Terry Allen on his commitment to Richmond! Richmond is getting a great young man.
It was amazing! Classics, new, and Clarence tributes. Prob sounded the best I've ever heard. Loved horn section. Stellar show.
I don't belong to you, and you don't belong to me.
it would have to be a bollywood movie, though, if that wasn't clear. MY BACKUP DANCERS COULD BE ORANGUTANS. this is awesome.
Pharez Whitted Sextet - Tonite @ ETA Theater @ 7pm 7558 S South Chicago Ave Chicago, IL - Truly hope all can make it...
if you find out please do share - I could use the same!
Beyond brutal for the #caps and $orioles..
you too brother! I look forward to hearing from you often.
Tip - You can use red colors on a yellow ad background, change the perception and entice your prospect to buy.
This is correct. RT with the blue tops, they drop both and are injured.
Silent raffle on a pair of red sox tix 4 this friday. Proceeds benefit Red Cross disaster relief efforts in Japan. Go 2 our site 4 details.
2Chainz trending l
Holy Shit Since When Did I Have 140 Followers? Lol I Remember I Used To Want To Reach Like 100 Like 2 Weeks Ago! O.O
Good luck and safe travels to the 16U & 17U Houston Hoops as they head to the Nike Peach Jam this morning!
Google+ is struggling. Maybe they should have named it something other than Google+.
ur tweets :)btw how old ru?
when will the winner for the #BlueyRobinson contest be announced? Or have they been announced already :)
Today is just a big bunch of nonsense. I want a drink. And some carbs.
that's dope!! I'm off 2 Houston. let's meet @ NASA!
I wish Sesame Street was that cool when I little. Nice clip, great cause.
sounds yummy
So, an entire city with 3 professional sports teams vs. 1 dude ... You know, I'll take those odds.
Hello, NC!
Sign up for gardening class on August 27th at pleasantfarmschicago.com! We will have drinks and snacks during our 2hr workshop at
getting ready for to present on engaging students with multimedia content
I just got pooped on by a bird. I hate birds.
Where are all my Smiley tweetmates this morning come and say Hi :) :)...or are you all hungover.
Done moving art in the "Dry" heat of Las Vegas in August...prepping for the new show Sept. 17th.
send me the flyer image. We'll try get it out as much as possible.
I freaking love the internet!!!! Freaking love my galaxy!!! Aghhhrrr
As a teacher I couldn't be prouder of our President right now
Very cool! Smarty pants.
Hot news tomorrow!
I'm needing a vacay soon to somewhere warm!
It ain't trickin if you got it baby.
why do you think I am obsessed with PHX (besides the fact that you live there)?!
: Has someone from the museum sent Olivia a letter? I think she would appreciate it!
Ended up at Quantum and watched a wicked group of comedians - swee-eet!
Happy belated birthday...
A bad day riding is better than a good day fishing.
of course, if we write it :)
lol xD it's nice (: and thanks! I love his hair. kfksjsfksjskakuejeguensud. Haha!
Perplexed, angered, and somehow humbled by Schwab's archaic banking ways, e.g. print and mail forms to enroll in online transfers.
two run home run. Second homer of the day woo
I finished it about a week ago, one of my favorite reads hands down :)
I'm pretty sure the name has less to do with it than Oprah touting them for years. What Oprah says, women do.
We have a new server ready - vpn-mj2 OpenVPN (SSL) server in Miami. It's available in your customer area now.
y r u n kansas
Follow me:D
She's got broken things, where her heart should be.
Too true to be good.
I feel the love. Appreciate the shout out from one of the most respected financial advisors in the biz.
Baby shut your mouth and turn me inside ouut
AGREED. "Damon & Elena STILL trending! My Delena heart can't deal with such happiness! My ship is flawless! FTW”
Yup tonight ! RT : you still having your dinner/
true! Kboys are the BOMB!
Only if someone gets broke.
6 more days of school left.
shit balls you take forever!
Hey #Greece stop fking with my 401k
Ooh! Put Leo in the next Oceans' movie. That may help him relax.
I was sleeping foo!
Tastes pretty much like spicy beef you might get at a Chinese restaurant. Forgot to mention the serrano peppers :-)
My American Stratocaster & Mustang II is rockin' the house. Thank you & thanks for the follow.
Jelena is over? What is happening? I'm so confused!
Hey Lily! So happy to see you, I hope you have been doing well! :)
score! including the bun? If yes, count me in for a late dinner date
Go to La Cage Aux Sports at Bell Centre to watch Game 1 or watch it in the room? Decisions, decisions.
And now back to our regularly scheduled programming #NowPlaying Soulfly – Resistance on
the xx? i don't hear it. xx is a little more mellow and hypnotizing IMO.
When you realize what you really want... And you know you can't have it...
Even if not perfect!
Watching The Muppets with Not gonna lie, I've always loved the Muppets!
Fighters...some...promoters...nope, hence the UFC on 1 broadcast & 2 cable networks for next 7 yrs
#dairyqueen blizzard! The. Best. Ever.
The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live - moreover, the only one. E. M. Cioran
Fish and just vibe in the sea catching tuna
It's too late for a nap that mean you bout to go to sleep
my game
Hi everyone Im baca!!!!!!!
RT : People I will be here all week or all series, Which ever finishes first! <--- Oh SNAP LOL!!!!!!
hopes the Immanuel Lions has enough players for tonights game.!
RT : Number of the Day: 8 - # of states with no income tax (out of 9) that Oklahoma bested in income growth '00-'10...
omg wow u make da best #IMAGINE lol send me some with mikey and vinny plz thx but keep doin madison lol
exactly what I was thinking! Not the red wine but the amount of people in it!
damn bro tht sucks
- isn't every day National Pet Day at your house?
Thank you familia! It was am immense honor.
I need some breakfast in my life
loved the call from aka "Mr. Trashy 2012" hahah
Interesting, Chris Long had 13 sacks last year with the #Rams. Equals Howie Long's best sack season.
Googling her now!
RT : Help Urbanite reach 850 followers! Please RT. Thanks to all who have RT'd this recently.
": n need 2 do a movie"wats up roxy
we are slacking
Wow. RIP Junior Seau.
Oh that good? Sounds splendid.
whats wrong... u didnt say hay... u just said a dry hi... :(
but life has changed when you became something dreadful, full of shame. Mirror Mirror, polished stone, tell this girl shes not alone.
Lost my lucky Lehigh tee last night, but still ready to go! RT : See everyone at Buffalo Billiards tonight at 7pm!
You can find your referral code on your profile page in the menu menu. :) Game on.
i kicked it with my lady tonight #RedBox and Cuddling
Ay thanks! You were in that front row too.. #ISeeYouWantinAGoodView ;)
I'm not tired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Its crazy how bestfriends can talk without words
One of your tweets mentioned Seinfeld. One of my alltime fave shows!
the DNA test came back, It said you're a twat.
You cannot change the past
got that right :/
Thanks for being our FIRST backer on !
Watching Season One of #Charmed ... I've used all my energy to workout and I am not motivated to move.
I miss you, the old you. The new you sucks.
ur welcome... I need to dm u :)
Juggling audience members' cell phones in an attempt to win them over.
Thanks homie!!! U know how I gets down on the #house tracks!!! I been feeling the house vibe lately! Gant Garrard is BACK!
Thanks for the shoes! Who the fuck are you again?
Use your smile to change the world. Don't let the world change your smile.
ikr i told my mom docs vampires cause they take r blood an they are pervs cause they take r pea lol
Laying off social media for the day. Too political.
Do YOUR young professionals' group meetings have a mechanical bull? (;
Uma Thurman is an ugly woman.
Life can bring unexpected pain & unexpected pleasure. Thank God for them both
I think some of y'all should add me on FB! Tell me and I'll DM you my last name!(;
Thanks for following!!
But other than that, hype prevails victorious.
Yeap RT : If it doesn't sound like a good idea... It prob isn't...always go with ur first instinct
Omg my bday is coming up so excited!! :) but today my friends bf broke up with her bc of me now I feel really bad!! :(
RT My bestfriend passed away about a year ago. His name is IAN JENKINS his foundation must go on
Glad to see #digitalhumanities as a topic at #ajs11 (HT ) Sorry I can't be there!
DC Sports fans!!! advance to 2nd round playoffs, Nats are 14-4, and tonight, RGIII is coming to town
Got a wedding or baby shower coming up? Custom labeled guest soaps or bath salts makeperfect shower favors! 312-320-5862
good going and good luck!
you love it ;)
Sir its rude to stare yes I'm singing a lot loud and using my steering wheel as a drum oo and yes my blinker was the wrong way.. its life
I know what a good race. Enjoyed it.
RT : You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day. ~Marian Wright Edelman
O all those hydrogenated oils.
Lets make some music, i'm open for collabs!
Performing stunts in movie tomorrow!
running late. Be there in 15
I've been doing that, but it is so time consuming :) I figured it was worth an ask!
Rick Ross tonight
Have you noticed dark corners in your closet or bathroom? Wall sconces or recessed lighting could help.
You don't believe in Jesus? You will on Judgment Day.
word we're future tense books siblings
shut up you guys thought i was lying then when i showed the blood it was like OMG.....see im not always dramatic
Been there done that ..
he's such a little bitch
this is old school. Not the Calipari way where you only expect one year. No expects 4. You know that when signing up for it
Did her anyways...
How about Carol Potter(Cindy Walsh) 90210?
it was DELISH! Although I think the waiters underestimated my eating abilities lol
When you lose your virginity you have to feel that it's right in your heart. You can only give one guy that special gift.
Hola Ya'all! Every Thurs. at ATX - 10pm. Ladies FREE...VMG Showcase ROCKS. Hope to C U...XO Miss Z
Sure I'm only working 20hrs, meh,but all night shifts lessens the blow in my mind.
Missing the kid cudi concert tonight.
One of the greatest shows, ever.
That was a dumb question .
I wonder how much Colton and Maggie spent on the campaign cube. Any guesstimates?
YOURE IN TEXAS. I WISH I COULD OF MET YOU TONIGHT:'(
I'm a unicorn!
if those few i had found there way to a thrift store in Vermont,i`m pretty sure that a whole catalog exists somewhere.
Nice break over the holiday. But now it's back to work! Shooting a mini doc today; should be fun.
I'm followin every Nick n Disney star I idolize......YES
I love that brown crush tho::) lol ahaha that's the best crush
looks like we have some big shoes to fill left by and
Pilgrims did not eat potatoes for Thanksgiving as they thought they were poisonous
Lmao never get enough of watching peoples cars turn into fish tanks and drivers covering
that awk moment when i rt the wrong tweet...sorry i meant to rt your spongebob one...not really a creep. I swear.
I loved that line!
Obama should consider waterboarding entertainers. Adult oriented music is fine, but not when it's catered to pre-teens.
after that jam 81-59 (R). Now Kell'd lead over Thea, but Thea not giving up, Kell'd just catching the tail of the Maulers, so 82-59 (R).
It is now my life goal to see spin...
you'll NEVER guess who is coming to visit this weekend...
I know it's tough nowadays with closers and their contract clauses, but the best pitcher RH or LH should pitch when needed
LOL U GOOD. BETTER LATE THAN NEVER. ;)
y'all doing training day part 2?!
Its sum Canes up in here!!!!!
hm... my old boss contacted me today wanting to help with my new business.
As you should! I don't give out tweet number 700 to just anyone. Any chance your pulling a late night as well?
“It’s not who you are that holds you back, it’s who you think you are.” -Author Unknown
Only 2x places left for BIW basic user training event at Woking next Tuesday 12th. Interested? email:
So much news today!Strangers help rescue man from river & a man has a very interesting excuse for shooting fam member.We're working hard 4u!
Working in startups is perfecting the art of the near-miss.
Social Media For Consultants – 2nd Edition Check out these Social Media Tools products: Social Media For Consultants – 2nd E
ugh my sub in class watching a nasty movie
much appreciated man...I'm humbled.
Dressing for cold before its cool.
the old MRS degree?
Thank u so much thanks!!!!!!:)
It<U+FFFD>s not what you have in your life, it<U+FFFD>s who you have in your life that counts
Okay so the TV show Dance Moms is filmed a couple doors down from me and it's disgusting. I can't believe these woman treat kids this way!
Well dude we really should.. I hope you like our music. If not, i hope ya respect our lyrics about happiness & nature
just signed up for a canning class.
I live in DC and had no idea we have a Bobby Flay burger place. Is it good?
gotcha...you done on the air?
I am looking for a mobile user experience designer who knows CSS. Please get in touch if you know someone who fits the bill. Thanks
(BB) indicates that the reading is on Blackboard.
Top of the afternoon twitter!
Left my church notebook at Jewel in Oct. Recovered it 2 days later.2day I discovered questions written next 2 the notes! #HeReadMyNotes!
I know what she's thinking...
Liked Chevy too!
#Fischer Gallery will be exhibiting Self-Portraits for the month of Feb. The collection most likely will consist of about 4-5 artist.
And I don't use that word!
thats not true at all
now if only this Twitter phenomenon would have similar results with the government and it's shenanigans.
I just got my #DroidRAZR. I love the looks of it - really sleek and clean. I'm transferring data from my old phone now. Keep u posted.
it would be lol
I blame Nunez for all of our problems.
I like the sound of that!
Thanks, Ivan! We appreciate your support!
regret i only saw them once, probably shortly after Ill Communication came out. but always loved their range of influences.
im amazing how are you
m... I need a web face , preferably a 3d one of my face. too tired to get one now though maybe in the am. well laterr.. am...
thanks for the RT
Just living everyday like it might be my last
Wow! We have a waiting list of 80 people for The #HungerGames! Don't worry, we have over 30 copies & the wait time is about 1-2 weeks.
Hey...who's playing in that big Super Game tomorrow?
omg! I'm so happy for her! :^DD <3
About to make some chili for tonight's Xmas party ! Krampus will be joining us
Wow I didn't tweet at all today, but man do my feet hurt from basketball.
thanks for the mention
"Good Morning woodchuck-chuckers it's GROUNDHOG DAY!!!"
KEY WEST CAN GO TO HELL!!
And look, love ain't even love anymore. All it is now is lust, sex, and words with no action. What happened to our society?
Because a thing seems difficult for you, do not think it impossible for anyone to accomplish. Marcus Aurelius
That would be good. Good luck.
i want catfish!
I think I'll write a review tomorrow. Otherwise, I'll tweet more soon!
Hey everyone! Just so you know, I changed my tag to Don't get confused :P Oh! And go follow :D
How is the weather in LA? It's lightning, thunder, and hail here <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
ehh I guess no not really :/
At "Integrated Studies: Rethinking Space, Time, and Curriculum" with
“: Im gonna die of old age before gets off the phone with Verizon” hahahah lol
RT : You can eat gluten-free, organic food without telling everyone at your table.
Im going wit Pops.this weekend to see my baby sis jordan again what a gorgous baby.
I am sure he'll survive. Fame and money and supermodel spouses seem to excuse some embarrassing moments.
Girl your phsycotic calm yourself. & don't mess with my bestfriend
RT : Speed wins in social media. Speed wins in customer service. If u have the 'We can't say anything now until we hear...
Thank you so much for your kind support! #WeLoveEntrepreneurs :)
Julie close friend to Sam. she wants more but Sam has no clue!!! want to know more read the my book.Spirit Lance when it is released.
- I just did..Just got back in the office. Was busy with tournaments this past weekend
I hate writing essays !!! .
We are up and running on the tweet maker. Follow us for promotions and new products we have in the store.
But thats Baltimore City Public Schools though its not completely their fault. I think one of the chicks had a gun shot wound.
CBN. Come back now.
Hell yeah! RT : Highly curated relevant content is the most important key for future journalism and media business.
thanks for that!
thanks so much, was great to meet you. Dinner was a fantastic start to my time in Van! :)
Trav is back home. #Finally We missed you nigga!
I believe that most royalty free music creators live under a rock or are deaf. It's torture.
Sure thing!
After making Beast of the Southern Wild, Benh Zeitlin, 29-yr-old filmmaker, now owns "2 ducks, 2 chickens, 8 cats, & a giant potbellied pig"
Why don't I tweet, I don't even :/
Keep up the efforts, it will happen when the time is right!
haha its better not too ;)
Solid win for the #Celtics, but they need to play much better the rest of the series.
going to have to try it.
my mentions aren't showing up?!
New album is slawesome! Can't wait for my vinyl to arrive. Favorite song, "Money Saves"
"BRB" = I'm still here but I don't wanna talk to you.
Watching ESPN OnDemand makes me wonder what a sports world would have been like with Marcus Dupree and Len Bias having full pro careers.
Williams spoke of "correspondences between the dead and the living, the past and the future."
I wish we knew the full story.
Wont try to figure it out
Wooooah such a sunny day today! Sweet
We are officially booked as a vendor for the Holiday Shopping Event in McFarland on December 3rd from 9 - 3. Start making your shopping list
got what? O_o
At Park West listening to Fulcrum Point play JacobTV's "THE NEWS". This is awesome!
Actually I think he'd be great for Mockingjay. That's going to need a really strong director.
#mudmelt audience: connection of dyes made for textiles used by biologists to help Visualize cells
"You can tweet but not text me back?!" STFU they don't want to talk to you.
San Antonio: Rain/storm chances with plenty of moisture and a few upper disturbances. Today: M/cloudy, 30% of t-storms, few severe. high 80.
We'll miss you. Great writing, reliable, thoughtful. Hope you get to cover a downward spiral down there. Ha! RT
If I had #OneWish it would be for u to follow me and #WELOVEU <3
Just unfollowed a bunch of people. The changes start now.
Always is. Amazing kids.
nice we'll be down there at 6!
Don't forget that Obama has experience cleaning up messes, while Romney specializes in making them!
About to see The Avengers!!
My life is about to change completely.
I don't wanna get up at 5 am!!!
Would you, could you, have trouble falling asleep if you knew.. what I'm going through.. If I could only switch hearts with you.
Hi- wondering if you have advice on the best way to credit photos on company blogs? Do we need to purchase shutterstock? Thx!
Who would think one goal would win this game
I would expect an 8 yo to be using Wikipedia. I also expect high school students to use Wikipedia in addition to other sources.
Eating pizza
recapping on what an awesome year 2010 was at the 'Gogue! thx for all the amazing and inspiring events. looking 4ward 2 2011!
#NP -Ride It
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that they will always be attracted too
I am extremely hungry
i got ppl down there
Put down the crack pipe that is Portal 2. DOWN.
lol yeah pretty much
We signed Peyton to teach him Tebowing
College football: It Never Disappoints!
TSOI-LA will be at Peter Murphy tonight. Fan for 20 years but first time ever seeing him solo, imagine that!?!
The tacos were very good. But he was not that impressive.
2yrs-old and under are free
'Don't be sad that its over, smile because it happened.'
Reading all that stuff about tsunamis gave me some really scary dreams...
Also - Tapping Moustache Ride Red Thursday. 's Pint Night Friday..
Victorians are ready!!
I am Not A BOHH- Eminem
Edmund Burke: There is a boundary to men's passions when they act from feelings; but none when they are under the influence of imagination.
I have decided that "Call Me Maybe" by Carley Rae Jepsen will be my song of the summer!
Still a little upset but we're trying 2 fix things. Idk how things will turn out but @ least he knows 2 give me time 2 breathe & apologize
lol least my feet a b warm lol
What you won't do. Someone else will.
so many #BPL soccer games on, so hard to decide. Settled on Chelsea vs Blackburn Rovers.
Tyahawn Taylor, bring the pain.
you're so silly! Of course she would :)
Looked and it hasn't arrived yet. Has it definitely been put in the mail? Looking forward to reading it.
Back to reality.. I missed you
- Plan on Getting Fucced Again Tonight !
All I want for lunch is a blunt n your girl #What2ChainzWouldSay #ItsNothin'
You can never run outta reasons to smile .
yess!! get ready for a crazy party when ya'll reach 3 million! (:
Seriously considering trying out for the quidditch team here at my school. Yes, they have a legitimate quidditch team.
Politics is about people and passion. Obama nor Romney don't do it well. Too logical. First heart and gut, then data.
Eve Photos That Will Leave You Floored
Tonight Going Down at Big daddy's For 18 an up cyber bowling $1 drinks, games and shoes...and myself of the tracks all night starting at 930
Only as I'm nearly blown across the street by the wind does it strike me that a coat woulda been a good thing to bring to Chicago
umm idk possibly...only if Harrison agrees to??
Sunday Quote: Be Moved. "Live to the point of tears." -Camus
I swear it wasnt me dude! Enserio. Ive done it to Alexa and Vicky before but I admited to it to see the looks on their faces
Why must he be so damn cute? :3 lol
Really Comcast? You can't come fix my internet until Friday? That's customer disservice
How's the lyrics coming?
Alexa's clickstream option RT what tools do you use to show top referral traffic sources for domains? your competition?
Fuck with my ENOTIONS && see what will happen
Just ate enough for a small army
seeya we love you too :)
hahahahahahaha whats that kids name thats terrible and lives in cali lol numskull go go quick haha im so mean rap is bad
Awww well at least you were prepared. :-). Enjoy your evening.
I got so lucky in the spouse department!! Thank you Jesus for giving me :D <3
I'd give him major major props if he won title without Bosh. But he won't. :-)
that video absolutely made my day. thanks!
HA! RT : Frankenstein never scared me... marsupials do! because they're FAZZT! according to Christopher Walken anyway.
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Robert Martinez! We wish you all the best!
HAPPY RESURRECTION DAY!
We love New York City!
hey, is there a way I could get a contact for you? manager? publicist? I would love to photograph you.
Shut the muthin fuckin Block Down
Really enjoying my SSD enabled laptop right now, XP boots ridiculously fast with dual proc and SSD. Yes, XP, what?
Yeah dude! It's been a part of our Heritage Collections so far, including the one that's out now. More surprises later this year
did anyone ever answer your question about #SXSW ?
Retweet/reply to this & enter for tickets to Savor! + $25 gift cert to Decarli restaurant. www.kuik.com
will be tweeting live during 's #SmackDown, so feel free to ask any questions you want all night! Tag it
Scratch it then!!!
I'll keep that gem close to my heart... As soon as I stop laughing.
i think overall for our team it was great ,however im remiss to say i havent followed who we got after the draft was over
Wild mushroom soup at the White Dog Cafe after visiting an old friend at HUP
An O's comeback would make this a perfect day!
Thanks to all who came to our Holiday Celebration last night!! Great to see so much support from the D.C. community. LET'S DANCE!
New Change-The Gus Potthoff exhibit moved to Walnut Room-Not Maple. Come meet the artist at 12:15, refreshments will be provided.
Sanldess sandbag, movie props, flooding,liquid spills, flooding,
About to go to church o:-)
I seriously don't know what to get my mom for mothers day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Scene Study class with Marjorie Ballentine is the best, she is truly blessed at what she does. Can't wait to learn more,
. explains how to set up DIY 3-point lighting.
Maple Grove Repub. Rep. Kurt Zellers calls budget proposal "feeble & pathetic" attempt to raise taxes & increase spending to balance budget.
You are, at this moment, standing, right in the middle of your own acres of diamonds. -Earl Nightingale
We are all getting SO EXCITED for the Doing the District Launch Party next week! We hope to see each and every one of you there!!!
where is the place to #party tonight in
working at Dunkin Donuts bruvvvv, get you a job :!::!:!!?
All this
#sem2011 Tony Dumas' paper on flamenco was solid. Great use of keynote.
good for stress relief.
#NLCATLANTA Sounds like its time for me to begin producing a video blog..."from the mind of an IKON"
Gone with the Win
Drove out to Eagle Crest Estates this morning. What a beautiful setting! Showing a great contemporary there on Friday!
Listening to Jeff Buckley's song "So Real" always give me chills
thanks for the sweet comment :D
New Version of IzzoNet E-Commerce Software Allows Ability to Run Ecommerce ... - SBWire (press release)
HahA u guys are dope. I wish u guys weren't all the way out in SD though!! Lol
you know its true !
Updating the #uxchat to Wednesday 10am PT. Suggestions for topics?
#Dancemusictweet I cant wait for Las Vegas!! Gonna be a blast!
- It could be worse, my twitter handle could be ssman.
Hey, #kids, want to build games on XBox and learn computer programming but make it fun? Kodu (Xbox store)
um hm
It's been feeling so much like old times that I looked up & to see how they were doing.
Bottom line with Barack Hussein Obama...gays give more money to politicians then do black people.
that means a lot coming from such a funny bitch like you!
no problem!! I'm a HUGE fan!!
Hope all is well with you ? =] Thank you for all your support=] you two are great!
You win some, you lose some, some get rained out. Nonetheless, mostly sunny today.
yes the project is coming along nicely!
I'm gonna go Michael at basketball tonight.
Thanks, I usually do it when im feeling inspired lol
I'm going to relay. But I'm from comp so
Tonight Tonight
Dreamt I ate pie, then ate pie
RT : Prewrap is my only accessory.
All of our holiday flavors available in our mini dozen for only $7.25. They sell out fast, pre-orders suggested or come in early!
I'm going to make a product that contains nothing but promises and future release dates. How much would you pay?
I usually copy and paste the message I want retweeted, then add an RT before it. Is there another way?
psssssst you sexy as hell jo!
...one of the worst choruses I've ever heard! // Yikes...no wonder I don't remember this song at all.
Yay! Looking forward to meeting you. You'll have lots of friends there.
yes it sucks I had pain in my lower stomach 2 days ago had to go to the DR sucks!!!
Messiah Yeshua has taken our sins upon himself that we might be liberated from their weight
"You can't email the fans saying were having man man lady threesomes."
Oh my god...CHRIS MANN!! SPEECHLESS...TO BEAUTIFUL...HE NEEDS TO WIN THIS WHOLE THING!
can't believe people are still giving Demi hate. Didn't you see what you did to her last time?
Will #WalkerFailure give straight answer to ? about why he has legal defense fund & who's contributing $ to it in debates?
good look big homie, I hear ya
lol either way I'm forever jelly of you! Haha
We welcome visitors to Miami. A home town massage is available.
what's your username
Them hoes dirty birds... ATLANTA HAWKS!! Lol
fakin on that mercy remix
Dance moms are crazy.
Sometimes #wish things were different between us...
Next up: the future of Dewey. Keep or chuck? Old Tappan PL has gone Dewey-free, as has Maricopa County.
We need dumber (a little) politicians but more(lots)honest. The slick and dishonest have failed us.We need DUMBER +HONESTER !
Get these open looks to fall! They can't do everything for you!!
Stand up and be counted, be proud, stay positive and be proud of your name.
The burning shame of 14 losing seasons wilts most men. I'm 82% animatronics/military plastics and impervious to anything but nuclear war.
room 310 when you get back
I don't know if I'm too hot or too high...
RT : You ARE the peers = jury of your peers...< that's scary! I'm the peer?
[+] Hindsight is 20/20 but still doubtful that independent IT pros would have OKed either Axon or $400/hr to SAP.
I hope so
Now offering mobile phone rental service to our guests for their convenience to stay in touch with family. more info: 888-581-4446 x100
2. I'm too intelligent, driven and ambitious to spend my life working for someone else
those are in a small section known as the rock pile were the rowdy fans sit.its located in the outfield.
“ Face down by is the shit”
Looking forward to #metadataday !!!
my mum is crazy she took my phone
MAJOR NEWS: has agreed to match 100% of our funding. If you double your pledge, you 4x your gift. Tx Sunil! Pls RT
haha no that was pretty good, felt dumb when you told me lol
Reminiscent of the 60's is it too late?
Listening to of SNL talk about DSLR filming. Thanks Alex for sharing your setups!
The average Maricopa County Golf Home sold for $283K in 2011 and most were NOT distressed sales. Imagine a world without Bank Approval!
Evil Twin Soft X-mas, Haandbryggeriet Norwegian Wood & Founders Double Trouble. POURING NOW....
-YES. We would like all textbooks to appear in Student Center, but some faculty work directly with bookstores.
they do, right after Detroit comes actually. Mid-June
My favorite rapper is not guilty yay :-)
LMBO! “: TF? RT : A man should want to plant seeds in your heart before your womb.”
I've seen George Foreman shadow #boxing and the shadow won. George Foreman
Thanks for the RT, and !
Krov is the best radio station ever!;D needs to quit being liers!!!!!!!!!!You had first!! >:[
3:2 would be almost identical
Just got home. My .02: If you can't say things interestingly you shouldn't be allowed to say anything at all. :-O
Just ran into the Emily and Bruno out for a walk! Great to bump into neighbors!
On FB Timelines: I like they take risks with product. Awesome. But think I'd rather live life than spend time curating it on Facebook.
Yes, that sounds good. We need a Frenchy's in Austin. You're trying to have me making another trip to Houston. Lol
#shadrock confession: escaped the rain on brown's island. Coffee in dryness of shockoe espresso got back in time to see kepone.
Live Your Life<U+2665>
Thanks for the birthday sandwich! And then I bought another one. You are my favorite food.
Cypher today. First things first
Modern Times & celebrate the birthday of one of the most important living American composers, Michael Daugherty.
Oh shit. My brother's coming home from college tomorrow already. That was so fast. I'm not gonna be an only child anymore.
Oh, yeah! Happy birthday, Robin Zander!
lol, yeah I'm just kidding, Im not at the show. I'm crying becuz the Bulls just lost
Spring forward West Virginia!
The hound and I are watching the sky dance on the back porch
Do you have anyone available that can speak about construction employment in Southern California today?
Headin to Brooklyn tomorrow!!!!!!
DMB Fish parody song "Let You Clown(fish)"
I enjoy watching Frasier
Word is out ( spilled the beans). is putting on a 50K & 20K in Forest Park late May/early June. Stay tuned!
I had a fun but action-packed birthday weekend. —SPX on Saturday, Adam's Morgan on Sunday.— Exhausted but happy. And now... back to work. :)
Old and slow
What will you do to stay active this weekend??
#WhyDoiAlways feel safe when i'm with you? i fucking love that feeling.
what in the world is Skyactiv Technology?!?
Thanks I will looking at those tweets all night and I will quote them to you
m- #greendrink is my favorite!
#ihateitwhen I get my d's and my b's mixed up...go ahead ask me which one I typed first........idk
oh I loved that place :) just went there a couple months ago. Have fun! :)
heyy what's up :)
Any undrafted free agents sign with the Steelers yet?
Oh chinese food how I've missed you <3
which one is your favorite? Really cool. Tx. for sharing.
come chill me with me and
News Flash: Lori's gonna make it about her
ill come if he promises to sing Bad Romance again :)
Bout to get my work out on...leaving my phone at home!
I need you</3 but I guess things happen for the best:/
Dinner with Samina!
Love Arian Foster's story. Always got to root for a guy who makes the most of his opportunity.
call the police there's a mad man around
i dont know LIFE
No problem, hope you had a wonderful Mother's Day.
art without an audience is a diminished thing Dana Gioia #USC #Writers conference
haha...if you knew who Bernie Brewer was & you spent your time growing up at County Stadium YOU would be a #Brewers fan too! =)
Refs aren't giving Millsap any calls, but I don't think he earns himself any favors by staring them down after each no-call.
what's gonna happen to adam richman : /
February is bridal issue! Send us photos from your wedding, (or your Pinterest account :)
Like, +1, etc...RT Long, but productive week. Looking forward to seeing some sunshine in LA this weekend!!
I honestly hope she does too. Having a great day was all she really wanted.
Follow for follow:)
follow me please??
still in la-la- land
Rest and prayer= my night
I am not entirely sure. I did make flash cards of what the notes said though. But only 3 of them
I don't run the race of life to achieve Hierarchy/Levels/orStatus; I run the race of life to Inspire & Motivate! by Stacey Chatman~
everyone must be a little on edge over there! Hopefully no green knock-out gas shot out the end of it.
Does count as my owner since I'm baxter and his instagram profile pic is will farrell?
:) i like dis
Please stop dick riding athletes ppl. They will not return the favor.
Alright. I'll pick up some lashes. Dollar store carries 'em, don't they? I need to be as cheap as possible. xD
hope you had better luck than I did. Can't wait to see what other people did .
Harvard research reveals that 70% of change initiatives in organizations are terminated because they don't deliver the promised results.
Glad to see you on Twitter
#transit Rally for transportation funding Maryland Statehouse Lawyers Mall in Annapolis on Thurs Jan 19th
Weather in Orlando: Currently 87. Partly cloudy. Humidity 68% Expect heavy afternoon showers.
Bad day ahead.
caffeine stat!
We die clutching glasses,filled with liquor when blasted,when I die last wishes niggaz smoke my ashes, #OutlawImmortalz #O4L"
have a positive Sunday! :)
That was the best lunch nap ever!!! It feels too good outside!!!!
I'm honestly not sure what I did with myself before
live your life, be crazy, love. because right now is the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be again.
We just sent your tweet to our support team. They should get back to you shortly. Thanks!
Awesome site. I like your variety of products
Your boys are so darn cute!
haha, well, you're the sign right before me. :) And me, too, although I didn't really watch the Ivory Coast until the '10 Cup
Nothing will work unless you do - Maya Angelou. Quotes by
it's always gorgeous. I so wanna live in the highest skyscraper. fck my fear of heights lol
This is incredibly nice. If I had any consistent creative output I would be all over this.
Any time someone says "LeBron James" on TV, I want to correct them with "LeJon Brames" like Darryl in The Office
#iPhone #devs.. What sort app analytics software do u guys like? Flurry?
OMG I LOVE you for saying that!!!
Just a bit. That's a different story with lines I can't cross. Plus, I doubt he'd be ok with that.
it's trbl! I need to get a game party going!
LOL how come?
Dropbox is so awesome - all my design files on the new i27"Mac :)
Damn he had Cancer, my Pop's has Cancer I hope he beats it's ass.
What's Downton Abbey? It's about a bunch of honkies living in a church. Or maybe a museum... Either way there's no wi-fi
Absolutely! Wanted to tap you on the shoulder during break to chat. Looking forward to meeting!
thanks boo! Good luck with volleyball!
Elvis did a rockin' rendition of "my way". but I think Frank Sinatra scooped him.
Do you know how many putts Charl Schwartzel had in the final round?
Bring us your tannenbaums today! TreeCycling from 9:30 am to 12:30 pm. $5 donation requested. Plus winter coat drive for Feel the Warmth.
I love Patti so much...
I can't help myself, when someone gives me a #FF I HAVE to give one back, or I feel guilty haha.
Looks like I'll be raiding my freezer for dinner. What mysterious concoction will be created this evening?
ViewGuard wishes everyone a safe and happy holidays!
A week to relax and get my mind right.
oh, they're awesome! They're fast stories that use abstract art to show emotions. Check em out!
Murder rate in Baton Rouge will be high tonight and through the weekend!
it was so good I kept dropping it in 's cleavage.
oh dear, hope not. :/
yeah you think
Countdown to #tranZitions has begun! We have some great things for all of u very very soon!
Melo is playing like an MVP. Not even talking about offense either, he is playing hard D
Play fighting is just a slick way of starting sex. ;)
The honey badger is a local legendary #hardman. You will get to meet him when u come to visit & perhaps even ride with him.
blue fans have me fired up already this hoops season; Putting my $ where mouth is - I predict #MSUHOOPS finishes higher in
Graceland's & are in town - with #Elvis stuff! Watch them on "Talk of the Town" tomorrow at 11am!
Happy Easter everybody!!!
yea good. Ok cool
Hope you loved 'em!
GFL owners meeting tonight. As usual we will keep you informed as to all the news as we get it
so glad you like it! Thanks for the kind words and the RT!
What a bright sunshine
RT : Er, no fiction winner?
vice prince? prince of vices? prince with vices? what's going on over there?! : ))
Exactly! The Leather Bound Book says, 'Be Ye Transformed By The Renewing Of Your Mind!' Romans 12:2. You too enjoy your day
I just want this to turn out right.
that's what the gurus say. 8pm my friend. If he does, look for the USC 2013 class to form quickly.
Someone talk to Me
so how U doin.... Ya ever fly a Stelf Fighter.
You live forever away, don't like me for no reason, blocked me, now your going to follow me on twitter? #why?
One B. example (AMONG MANY): "Destabilizing selection as a factor in domestication." Wilhelmine E. Key 1978 Invitational Lecture
im so fucking bored. thanks guys.!!
I'm the girl, I can make you smile and I promise to be true.
So what are you trying to do after the game?? Im down for whatever
I use the 4x6....it fits my bars perfectly! (my molds were custom made)
I hate when people think I'm anorexic just because I'm thin..did u not notice i like food??. Alot I eat like a horse:)
Breaking news: Sen. Ron Johnson endorses Mitt Romney for president.
: Cyanotypes, argyrotypes or any sun printing technique! Easy to do year round in Las Vegas with the abundance of sun we have.
The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work.
Indescribable uncontainable.. you place the stars In the sky and you know them by name..you are amazing GOD..
Now that I've decided to read the Song of Fire and Ice series I am anxiously biding my time in the LAPL hold queue. #15 and counting down!
Only 460 words so far? 0_0 that's close enough to 750 right?
knowing what you need to contribute to your team
Self-destructing Blues.
Did he read from Eunoia? God, I love that book.
Should I even watch the rest of the game?
Please Don't Have Kids For The Wrong Reasons... Not Everything Is Promise...
hey yo to you
Padvertisement supports you and is glad to be following you! Keep up the fantastic positiveness!
I don't even know why you qirls bother at this point,like, it's me, qive it uupp, I wiinn, U loose!! Ha Ha Ha! ---
Just saw on Raising Hope... Awesome!
Atwater Junction is playing at the Fine Line Music Cafe on monday April 9th @ 7:30pm Hope you can make it.
#civilwar diary quote of day. CSA woman. 6/65 'do you southerners not know we wish to get rid of the black men as we did the red.'
Will you be attending the NAGGL conference in Huntington Beach? It's this October!
All of twitter people are talking about Chris Brown has cancer ?
Having to sit by a weird chick because I haven't bought a book yet<<<< need that book
**My Lips Are Like Skittles,Wanna Taste The Rainbow!?
Dumb ass kids *rolls eyes*
Thanks. The school is following emergency protocol, and it could be just hunters in the area. But, it makes you think! :-/
Life is too short to have a bunch of drama....
A bit late on watching True Blood. 5 episodes into Season 2. Good stuff!
lol me niether! Is 12:30am and i got skool...that y i bate sundays!!
lol Probably TRUE
With Peyton Manning now in Denver, are they now a championship contending team and if so how many do you think they can win
Sad thing about this wedding is I dnt know the bride or the groom! Lmao!
Caught brunch she is monster talent. Tonight will play guitar rock from
What are you up to this week?
Sorry, no fireworks sales in Minnesota. Governor Dayton vetoes the bill. Looks like a Sconny run this 4th of July. KSTP at 10.
Physically hurts. The Beavers suck. But apparently we suck more today. :-(
HAPPY !!!<3 THANKS (; GIVING !!! PEOPLE AROUND THE WORLD !!! (;
publishing now. look for it in the ICONiac section. ;3
w00t! Finished my Intro to Putting Collections Online slides for #AAM2012. Now to work on Tech Tutorial 101 on media management & cleanup
I will build a snowman. Make no mistake about that.
ok sounds great. See you at 3:00. If something changes let me know. Thanks!!!
Lora Burnett speaks about importance of getting those new to the program involved in the GSA - strong, functioning committees.
I hope I don't get in trouble for that tweet. Or get you in trouble for that matter.
RT Maybe I'll sleep forever..
this weekend was amazing :)
Love this quote! RT : "It’s not who you are that holds you back, it’s who you think you’re not." -Unknown
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Jessica Faletta for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 18U Team
whoops! A bulls fan enters the conversation! Thou shalt not say a bad word about The Michael!
Do you live in Chiangmai ? If so, I'm so jealous.
thanks for keeping us informed. Not looking forward to driving in what is coming up. Yuck
Big thank you to all of you who participated on the 7 a side tournament on Saturday and at our Dinner. Thank you for your support!
I want to be with the nicest guy ever
No they do not. RT : People really have no understanding of #RBNY-fan dynamic, do they?
Nope, he said that purpose, and she's there to visit family
I just had a dream that I met one of ' friends. We were hanging out and I found out Aaron texts about me to his friends. Lol
#YouAintHittinItRight when u pump...the slow grind with rhythm makes it smile TEAM NO PUMP...thats not putting work PSA for the uninformed
*raises hand*
Act like you've been there before, UK... Jesus. It's like couch genocide
Sumthin wrong wit my cumputa im mad cuz i ca
Ever listen to a band called 5-8? I would love to get 140 char of your thoughts, if you have! PS Don't miss DeLuna next year!
I think the word "boyfriend" is such an impersonal term. I don't like it.
“: The beginning is the most important part of the work.” indeed!
You were amazingly awesome last night! :) it was so nice to meet you!
i cant believe u read those retarded chibi chapters that manga stream has. If ur tht bored, make sure ur reading somethin worthwile
business law is so boring
#Thingsthatbotherme .. People who are Assumers, Fabricators, and Lack Ambition.. Just live your life
RT We're looking for a part-time interactive producer, starting next week! Drop us a line if you can refer someone local in ATX.
Caleb's parked car was hit this morning, w/me in it (not bad). Now I'm at the D.O.L. to renew I.D. Today is not the best day. Not the worst.
Just saw a commercial for red velvet cake ice cream. I know what's on my grocery list for tomorrow.
Thought of sleeping bags....unzipped, ok but, too confining otherwise.
#RyanKennedy!!! Whats up kiddo!! Hang in there & live life to the fullest!! God will hold you and help you through! :)
I miss him
... glad you keep your thoughts to yourself
At Hatian Embassy today. Was tapped to work on communications. Stay tuned for my insights.
Yup, sure did! I don't see how that justifies my independency or how that's any of your concern.
follow me back please.1
... museums should continue their role as a promoter of the spiritual experience a person can have through a work of art
ok I'll see u at the game
I feel like a black guy at a country music concert.
And just dropped the f-bomb at our talk #aam2012 #glamwiki EPIC
It must be then. I did see a few empty baby bottles inside cc:
Looking at a lot red boxes from the build server and the svn:blame is all on me.
Looking forward to Easter brunch with the family, then the Masters with Tiger and Phil.
ok we have found out we cannot follow our followers...we need more followers to follow us Spread the word please thank you
thanks for the RT!
Don't think I can get my taxes done today as planned - one of my W2's looks very wrong....grrr...why can't it just be simple?
TRAFFIC ALERT: Due to the brush fire in Fitchburg, it is requested that people avoid S Syene Rd between McCoy Rd and East Cheryl Pkwy.
No Hamptons for me this wknd...shocker. Annapolis with the babes. Happy Memorial Day weekend, everyone!
#ihatewhenpeople talk at the top of their voices on their stupid ass cell phones in public places!!!!!!
i know
Thank YOU for the mention!
can't wait until tomorrow jingle bash
I'm currently filming a music video for my song "I'm a Man", which is about stereotypical acts of "manliness". What are your ideas for it?!
Packer Backers for every TD thank you for that last night!!! #GO PACK GO
Loads of bravery -- like so many in WW2!
cleaning my house b.c. I can't sleep, no I'm not on drugs, but I did drink a lot of caffeine. I practice DARE.
well that is so nice of you, how did you ever think to write something to that sort?!
#imagine Harry: Did u have fun last night with *your name* ? Louis: yes she screamed my name so loud. ;)
Hi may I have a follow? :D xo
Inspiring staff meeting. So much to share about #summer meals, great culinary events & #nutrition education
Burma, Burma, Burma!! Why USA media sources refuse to call this country by its correct name? Look it up under CIA World Fact Book!
Pretty sure dated all my ex-boyfriends.
Omg whats wrong with him ?! Took my book away while i was reading, took my bookmark and dont wanna give me back my notes.
There would be a riot here because we are handing out free samples of coffee..
Jazz fans need to learn that repetitive booing is not a defense chant
is on the stage right now. Where are you? You should be enjoying them
last time usher was here in concert I wasn't 2 particularly thrilled at show but I look forward 2 his next show here #climax has grown on me
I must have made it! I now have moms of 4 following me, and trying to get me to work from home online for only $300 they will show me how!!
noo i live in US but i got VIP to his #BTRSUMMERTOUR !!!!!!
Rihanna is a queen
Tip:Test ur hair condition before adding extensions.There are different forms of applications&each 1 depends partly on ur hair health status
Where is the best place to find local events happening near you?
It's too quiet.
the iPhone app is great! Very easy to use!
haha... same here :P
Double wide tonight! Thomas Wynn and the believers about to rock and well be up at 11:45
HUGE shouts to , and the whole crew for having me on tonight! And thanks so much to everyone who called in!
I hope you have a great summer!
how you like them apples!
my hair is thick I am too Im also pretty But what does that make you?
THAT is the kinda show I wanna be on!
They won't trade him after winning the title.
working hard over here at Solis Energy, we are proud to announce our Solar Home Generators are now available - www.solisenergy.com
I've long mastered the VLOOKUP; next stop in Excel domination: the PIVOT TABLE.
maybe that is what she intends to do to you. Haha
That moment when life has kicked you in the ass so many times, it feels more like a gentle nudge.
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here we should dance.
Dont be scared. Please younask you to share‹3 please nothing dirty!wanna keep it pg
Track lighting is adjustable in two ways- location on the track and the angle of the light. This is useful when accenting small objects.
way to be positive!
I'm in the mood to just tweet
Kobe is a biter for real . Oh I can see it now the #Lakers win with Kobe playing wit stomach ailment.
These crusty ass niggaz actn like they doin office work
dam so.i no u aint think hard and long bout yo name like me u just saw mines huh? B 100!!
glad you enjoyed it!
Did we skip our morning medication again today?
WOW U KNOW SUM LOVE VIRGINS ERRY WOMAN I EVER RAN N 2 ACT LIKE THEY DONE IT ALL
Lazy days with
Lil nigga I'm 6'3 and 180 pounds ! I'll toss you on you're shit don't play I'll come down there
Hahaha silent treatment
same! Probably going to take a nap in a little bit, haha
#Santorum trying to get rid of porn? Not only should he not be elected, he should be arrested for treason.
OMG!!! You got me again with that ... lol
Just placed an order yesterday :/ I had a gift card too.
your late already tweeted it
RT If Mitt Romney becomes president, he'll sign the bill that turns Medicare into a *premium support* voucher program.
I'm running it on 4/15. Getting so stoked! Haven't been to #NYC in too long.
"wood" is so ethereal and beautiful and i can't stop listening to it!
IT'S SO MUCH EASIER TO CALL PPL NEGATIVE SHIT WHEN THEYRE NOT YOUR FRIEND. LIKE HO TRICK DOUCHE SWAGLESS SLUT ASSHOLE ETC.
Hey man I loved your mixtape/album On The Road to Glory My Story man! Thats some pure Hip Hop right there! Keep serving the Lord
Will I see you on Monday? It's been too long
lol its on monday!!
Lewis & Clark Caverns, Montana, and many caves and caverns to explore in Montana.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase
hey Tony.I'm looking for rep across the pond.I can work legally in Europe too. Any good referrals?thanx
My horoscope says I'll be able to accomplish something bold. Hope that kicks in soon.
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today
Looking for promotion...because you can never have too many shows!
thanks for the follow
Is the presentation ON an iPad or VIA an iPad onto a bigger screen?
TONIGHT - Tempatation Thursday with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team!!
All Biotech Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
hey, follow me on tumblr.
Look out for some new products throughout December as well: Moses Baskets, Clothing and much more!!!! <3
Speaking of Bryan Cranston. He should win "best death" for drive. That stuff gave me nightmares
Always fascinated when storms keep popping up over and over in the same place. Not as much when that place is over my head.
Sometimes when learnin a lesson u have 2 get hurt
ILL GO HALF!
how have you been?! Haven't talked to you in forever
2012 nomination for "WIU's WORST student and BFA" can't wait to get my award..
it means I'm a man! I'm a beast!
Good read and I see your view. LeBron is a very good player. But he isn't destined for greatness. I need mo than a 140 characters
GETTING CONFIRMED TODAY!!!!!!!!!!!
The first 10 people who say "Bach" at 's front desk get in FREE to tonight's Ogden After Hours w/ cellist Dr. Jee-Yeoun Ko, 6pm.
RT: "You have to love like you've never been hurt before and be willing to be hurt again" - Tony Gaskins
I like it...I like it a lot!
Sandra said she had a blanket I could sleep under. I wake up to find that it's actually a snuggie. Foiled again!
I am glad that I don't have to do the morning commute thing on the Monday after DST starts though - gets crazy out there in the ATL
So is "Be careful" but we still tell people to do it.
so damn tired..another 8 hours tomorrow. Getting my foamposites wit this check. fuck wit it
The bulls record bullshit! The bulls playoff hopes bullshit! Carlos boozer's hair bullshit! Derrick Rose MVP bullshit! The butcher bullshit!
I'm singing a song
Make lots of playlists, and download the app for your phone!
Oh ma; gawd i love the music vid.. omg please follow me i screamed when i seen you becuz ur so hot
Amazing weather continues..come have a drink on our patio!
My timeline is filled with #PaulyDProject tweets STILL thanks for all the spoiler alerts gets his nose waxed? Really?
Why do I hear chickens outside my apartment?
Turns out Obama was just announcing his support for the Memphis Grizzlies and Rudy Gay.
Madison curling club. We're having an open house coming up in feb, we'd love to have you come out. We also have good beer;)
Well, I ordered 8 and let's just say I haven't sawed off enough limbs to be granted the privilege of buying that many. :-D
I like how you text me.
I wonder if Pandora knows that I use their bkmrk function solely for adding tracks to my Spotify playlists? Someone by the other already!
The relationship with as exclusive fine art printer is solidified
Doing an in person interview at in #LA tonight at 7PM!
Probably in March or Easter
IF YU FOLLOWED ME I WOULD SCREAM AND DIE AND COME BCK TO LIFE BC IM SO HAPPY:D IT WOULD MEAANN TH E WHOLE WORLD2 ME
Just in case I ever decided to feel guilty for not going to Mass, the Vatican reminded me why I shouldn't. Thank you, gentlemen.
why is my mom walking around upstairs??
yes but Tyler Perrys films deal with a topic on race how African Americans are perceived in media. House wives is just dum
I keep thinking it's Wednesday. This does not bode well for the rest of the week.
Awoke w/ stress attack at 5 AM --> retrieved the paper in time to see the stars and planets in all their predawn glory. Perspective moment.
So would I. Omg, it needs to happen. Like, right now ;A;
Have a great Sunday afternoon to my people worldwide!!! God Bless!!!
gah! Smoke session soon!!!!
Yeah me and my dad are pooped. Don't start til Mon so I have a couple days to recover. How do you do it??
I totally get that. But I didn't go to their website and buy a ticket. When I do that, I'm fine with them adding me.
Should follow me then we should makeout! (;
living life to the fullest. kisses to my haters u bitches are my motivators!
Yes, all is well. Will you be at MCN? If so, reconnect withTim and meet Erica from my team. You have to meet her--she's great.
on your twitter grind tonight lmao
sorry...didn't mean to tweet you, was responding to someone that sent us both something about being in a magazine!
safe travels to #cil12! My reasonable expectation is one tweet per hour for the duration...
Liriano throws a no hitter! Too bad this could be the only bright spot for the this year.
i said u were spical I hope u no I ment short bus specal right?
The brownies were still warm. M
The happiest of people don't necessarily have the best of everything they just make the most of everything that comes along their way
I am starving and wanna go to the beach...
It's crazy how happy you make me. (:
NOTE TO GUYS: If you know a girl likes you, show you like her back! She can give up before you know it.
looking forward! sorry that #snOMG and #peaceforpie got in the way of today's mtg- but see ya thurs!
Headed to in a few hours...pretty excited, not gonna lie.
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: It takes a long time to build trust but only seconds to destroy it.
Primitivo, light zin, or aglianico. Think soft tannins, acidity, & big fruit to cut thru the fat and stand up to the spices.
Excellent! While you'reat it, ask him for a raise for me. Thanks. :-)
thanks! I'm glad you did too! What did you do tonight?
but you get a free trip to Vegas... Not all bad.
hey Joe I have a jazz CD coming out, getting it mastered here in Georgia could you check it out?
In a few hours I will be snagging Radiohead tix! This is going to be a great summer of concerts.
done deal mr MVP
ha well for this team rest/conditioning is key... Playoff minutes are hard minutes in comparison to the regular season
the thing i'm afraid of most is being boring
RT : #Ladies, place your heart in the hands of #God and he will place it in the hands of a man who he believes deserves it.
She replied to my tweet. Hahaha!
Gas is only $3.38 a gallon at the Smith's on Lomas and San Pedro!
At the ER at Women and Children's with Maddox...
I hate gay people
WordPress team released a security and maintenance update. WordPress 3.3.1 is here, and we urge you to upgrade.
why did the mushroom go to the party? Because he was a fun guy!! (:
Off to Modesto, CA to spread some love!!!
Great workout! Time to get the day going
How should it be referenced in a 140-character world? "Power conference" didn't apply to Pac-12 hoops the past two years...
How was everyone's weekend? Any big plans for the next five days?
spent hours doing something the wrong way...
and you gonna rock the building hard...
Damn it!
We hope you have had a fantastic Monday!
looking forward to seeing you Areva, you are a such a positive force in the world!
I miss my long hair. My hair needs to grow faster.
we will be here when you're in your hometown! We are across from the CV mall :)
Ugh they didn't leave yet
Lovely lovely out.
I wouldn't buy a square inch of that property!
gone outside today? It's beautiful.
Phil "Das Boot" Dawson
#YBL how did Loren and the jewlery line get to be so AWESOME? Your doing great!! We are proud of you.. -- Rob Jenkins
please follow me!:)x
Now he's at the little tokyo train station going thru his motions! So awesome in an awkward way!
it was the best episode so far. Love that show!
that was like. omg. i miss him. american idol is not the same anymoree ):
I want to be at the album release party
Somebody bring me a coat. Just went 2 the car. Damn it's cold
": Get off your phone your at a club. hahaha"lol where r u
We got started a bit late. We are now reviewing the first IAP Dance application
you'll use Windows 8... It'll be on all the windows PCs.
hey! Everything is good just trying to get dates/details figured out. I'll keep you posted!!
Good luck and Congrats to everyone running the Half Marathon in Central Park today!
If I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world? <U+2665>
Skinny girls with fat asses
"If you want to fly, you gotta give up the shit that weighs you down"
I wish I could enjoy traffic like a hobby or guilty pleasure.
stand back! I need to rescusitate(sp) this man!! Clear!!!
Rain + sleep= the best
but of course! He's a little love bug :)
Yeah, cool. Didn't want to keep in touch with you either.
yep, living with the in-laws
Great. Just let us know! We'll be glad to meet up for lunch!
This game is just pure torture
We go together like PB & J, Sonny & Cher, and Justin & Beliebers
I don't think there's a term for that, then.
We've got our staff kick off meeting tomorrow night but will be at the Heroku event.
If you bought a house with your finace' would you wait til after marriage to move in? 222-9800 \
or write your able to write a novel in a day!!!
Is that Chaka in a khan?
haaha! You got a point there lol
79 in Boston, MA.
That's great, Ryan. Where did you find that info? I'd like to share with MAG friends.
Aloe is gonna be my new bestfriend for the next few weeks
We have a WINNER!!! -Elizabeth, PT's at St. Rose
When planning my outfit for an upcoming interview, I thought "What would Karma do?" Keep those pics comin'!
Hasnt rained in jville for like a month havent washed my car in a month till yesterday today rain all day. I want my 10 bucks back
spent 2 hrs trying to find the dry goods yesterday..
It was a great Sunday service and picnic... looking forward to spending the tomorrow with family and friends!
Has anyone caught the George Harrison "Living in the Material World" documentary on HBO? Heard it was fantastic.
yay yay yay! Harmonies are too much fun to come up with.
my friend introduced me to the game. and final fantasy now she is a senior. i am in seventh grade. :( time flies by fast. i miss those days
Want to get your Music on our blog, and Reviewed by US? Contact For INFO!
I know what you want and I know what you need. But I'm gon' screw it up cause I'm an idiot and I'm your boyfriend.
I tweeted some stuff yesterday where I could have used this hash #libjobshadowFL, so I guess I'll misapply it now.
Why does it seem like all Brits like the game Scrabble? I suck at it, but I can't spell to save my life (thanks google).
No Arbitration / K-Rod is back to pitching / the pre-Axford slot
It's going down tonight at the masquerade! The Mind Creatures and Little Dragon! yyeeeeeeee
Goodnight LogieBear, My Swag Daddy;p I Love You!(: Can I Get A Follow, Please??(:
Why care about content at all?
everyone knows this song
Very cool! That is pretty exciting.
Follow us personally!
look who's got a website. finally.
/warm hugs and kisses/ I LOVE ALL OF YOU, <U+2764>
Wow,, put my phone in the fuckin washing machinee..<<<<<<<<<< :/ mad asf
Perhaps they the two are connected. Congratulations all the same.
Happy St. Paddy's Day everyone! Have fun & be safe!
I forgot why I don't do all nighters.....but now I remember, very clearly.
Next deadline for Dig Hum Start-Up Grants will be Sept 25, 2012. Updated guidelines should be posted late Spr or early Summer
what's up with hating mayonnaise? our pr rep loathes it, too. she gets sick looking at it.
aww :c you are so much better for zayn that that stupid whore :3
King hated Kubrick and also felt Kub. didn't do enough about alcoholism in the movie - someone else wrote screenplay.
Fair enough, but why no fine or suspension on Malkin hit, yet suspension on Giroux? I guess motive factored in . . .
shut the hell up Sarah
Did any Nats bring their dogs with them to Spring Training? Go NATS!
"Train Wreck" is being released to Canadian radio today. A song about a very bad date...just in time for Valentines Day!
Books on CD are really helping make the long commute to Westminster each day ... tolerable.
he has a nagging desire to split his thoughts like an atom.
you make me feel fat, but in a good way.
i know where it was. it was just ages ago.
"Flesh For Fantasy" comes to mind! Again I say BAH to "cam girls only" #BAH!
They nicknamed me AFRICANA......u know, like....'Columbiana'.
And "u wudnt no shit if it werent for me" u got that rong bitch im not the one that followed u around ike a lost puppy
Back to the Staples Center for game. Memphis gets game 6 they got the series.
''God doesn't make junk.'' Okay, so this quip might make it onto my altar.
Everything you do is super duper cute , and i can't stand itt <3
Work day is done! Time to put in work at home.
ever see us play?
Not recording. Can't decide on whether I want to pack or play my game.
leaving #nutcracker for the last time this year & I can hear cheers for the dancing bear from out on grace street.
Last day in the us!! Italy bound tomorrow :)
I hate when random girls DM me. It's like wtf...
just bought a soon to be extinct HP Touchpad for $101!. Now for the Android port...
Hey walkie talkie Marcus tell him Jordan and Heather said Happy Birthday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Took over 1,400 photos last night at Awesome! Tons of work to do.
Seeing Gospel Claws and Snake Snake Snakes! at the Crescent Ballroom.
THANKS! sorry not exactly sure how to use this thing, I feel like a Grandma whose Grandchildren set up her twitter.
Thank you so much! We really appreciate your support.
that shit cray plus has to be conflicted about the situation lol
Chuck was still doing full shows at 75.
Disney keeps emailing, begging me to "Preorder #JohnCarter TODAY." No thanks. It's like saying ""Contract Ebola NOW!"
Correction for the last tweet.... Everyone receives a *Crown and Trophy* at the Sunburst pageant :)
Its all good :D
They have so many great songs!
listening to Murmur by R.E.M. - kind of makes me feel like i should be throwing a frisbee and talking about my ideals.
Shoot :( Turned on ABC7 and "Broken Hill" was JUST ending. Never even seen the film yet! Did anyone happen to catch it???
Thank them for doing some cool things that makes it easy to highlight :)
alright man. Sounds good.
lol something like that
Andy isn't with us anymore but ask for Angie - she is really strong and has a similar style!
Love being tired from
She was on your site last year :) Keep up the great work - I see you have been making a lot of progress!!
You can come visit us! :)
it was really good!!! I'm wondering where is robert so he can cause trouble w/ luke..lol
« « Kobe Bryant vs Denver»»
that's all you do is kick, that's like if I worked at McDonald's and could put a Big Mac together. Just sad.
“: #WrongPeople ...Willingly Withhold Information From You That They Know You Need. #drMM #fb”
Sweet, the local bookstore #FiresideBooks posted on their website one of my book recommendations. They're now posting some reader reviews.
Thanks friend-- I'm pretty pumped about it! I hope you have a wonderful, relaxing break! NBCT paperwork is finished, right?
Hi Mark! We sent you a copy of "Pluto", new album by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback! Thanks!
it's been a long time Fran :) how have you been? how goes it for you???
But seriously, , why hasn’t Facebook acquired Pixelingo yet? It’s worth at least <U+2153> an Instagram!
follow 4 follow :P
Nothing drives me. It is just who I am.
Send us an email to and we'll send you an autographed picture and "Pixel Love" CD while supplies last. Cheers!
RT : Yes, it's back. This week is another chance to win a pair of Vans Snowboard boots. Just "RT To Win"
Actually had the worst nights sleep of my life
It's 7011 focusing on the system rather than the user. We've used computers for the HW a couple times, but that's it.
its my bday! !
Getting ready to go sing at The Joe again for the Red Wings today at 12:30!!!
To the Sharp Arts!
I'm pissed off and most ppl irritate me,if ppl werent ignorant,self-absorbed,and down right stupid I wouldn't be so Bitchy all the time.
omg i remember when i went to the Jonas Brothers concert n performed A Little Bit Longer it was amazing <3 i will never 4get it
it is never too late
Dont let life change your goals, because achieving your goals can change your life.
wow , people are actually threatening to burn my house down /: what did i do do make people hate me so much ?
Actually a pretty good crowd so far
are u at hooters now?
But they already know how the story is going to end
Be aware to the here and now so you can see the magnificence all around you and let it take you to your Highest Self
why are u talking to her
A huge thanks I'm also trying to figure out Pidyon Shvuyim Halachah & what kind of captives Maimonides had in mind.
Should Russ Start the second half?
Whelp aint nun in this refrigerator.. =(
Girls with really dark hair>>
you've been hacked, please change your password. I'm sure these tweets aren't coming from you!
New post: Women's Form Fit, Dry Fitness Aerobic Sports Bra-Softball, Zumba, Field Hockey, Volleyball, Running, and Gym Workouts-Made with S
l screw casper...we have leo...the friendly ghost!
No. YOU go to sleep!
WTF !!! NO BOSTON SOLO DATE? HOW AM I GOING TO MEET YOU NOW AND HAVE MY MOMENT FOR LIFE???
We are! RT Whose watching the #Bulls game tonight??
Eating my Red Lobster
a signed cd would be cool but I want a signed Petes cup.
thanks for the tweet
mom just casually asked me what your code number to your phone is
Trust no one ;But When I Due Imma Take Advantage Of It.<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0091>
#OscarTweet Shame that Rooney Mara is nominated in such a tough category against such amazing performances. I loved her in TGWTDT.
"He sweats just like I do! He bleeds just like I do! He trained just like I did! BUT HE SURE DONT HAVE THE HEART I DO!" LETS GO TO WORK!
bloody hell its late, sleep time :D.
Life Tracker is going to change so much with score and sound design! Scared and excited at the same time!
hi Kendall how are you
always 110% performance, congratulations on your pregnancy!
Having a great time Pong, flipcup, and basketball! Come join us! Cheap drinks and good times!
We're ready for the Tsunami. Mahalo to all who are staying calm and cautious. Our prayers for the people of Japan with the big 8.9 Quake.
ah I hear ya, literally been sick for more weeks than I can remember. I just saw Emmure w/ blessthefall :p
That weird feeling when you happen upon an ex on facebook. Hoo boy I remember how creepy you were,lol.
Don't forget about the Winter Market at #Carmel City Center tomorrow (Saturday) from 9 am to noon! Veggies, baked goods, fresh eggs & more!
So not in the mood for anyones bullshit today
HOTSAUCE has been given!!!!
15%off entire shop type FIFTEEN into coupon code box on checkout page Happy Shopping
can you same day fed ex some to Texas?!
you have til saturday, i close tomorrow :)
next month? U done lost yo mind. If yu aint home tomorrow its gone be divorce papers on da dining room table
u welcom love u mom
It's Thursday, which means it's exactly 1 week from our next Divorce Seminar! Have you RSVP'd?
Life is short.Break the rules.Forgive quickly.Kiss slowly.Love truly.Laugh uncontrollably & never regret anything that made you smile.Enjoy!
ZERO our BIGNEWS alert continues rolling in w buys now at hod
THE ONLY REASON I LIKED MONDAY WAA BECAUSE THE LYING GAME WOULD COME ON!! But now... Screw Mondays and their stupid way that makes me puke.
Hello all, changed up my password..... my acct was hacked so sorry for any spam.
I'm working on this now!
Hit me up if you tryna chill brah.
a history of art forum. Not a quote but someonewas talkikng about being the first to write why a work is interesting...
Co chair Dr. Jean Bailey joins the specially invited guest at #Embassy of S. Africa D.C #Freedom Day Award Gala!
Hi everyone - hope you're having a productive day! Working on anything exciting?
Good morning.
we need new children's sneakers sizes 1-7 for Thursday's
ritual is the secret to stability...in life and environment -Murdock
When life gives you lemons, take them. Free shit is cool.
Cue the WOOOOMMMMMMMP from Inception.
Does anyone have the address to the Regal A Cinema? Is it on the web site?
At Occupy teach-in & I'm kinda surprised how much tenant-landlord issues r coming up. Guess I shouldn't be, sucks 2 be a tenant these days.
when is going on tour again omfg i want to go see her, her concert are the best
I Cried When my dog died
Getting inspired at the YWCA Luncheon in Seattle.
I spoke with a reporter yesterday about the American #Library Association pushing another non-library issue.
yeah. basically.
Hay guess what, your beautiful
Yes, indeed..
I Kno We Need to get Dwn to business so , What colors are yall gonna wear for the group , Mines is green pink
So im driving on Mt.Moriah passing a daycare & notice there's a baby boy, outside by himself playing. No adults around, no kids around.
I feel like you shouldn't even mention that as a possibility RT If Soup outpitches Yo... i dont even know what.
Thanks friend :)
My brother committed suicide 2 years ago June 15..and someone has the audacity to throw it in my face and blame me for it..
Annoyed by webmasters who don't list holiday hours. Is your website updated?
Today must be my lucky day!
I could find a YA title that would do same thing, but this MG title, WONDER, has the whole package I'm seeking.
he's an idiot.
is it half time now?
CJ Wilson, you're our Pete Campbell.
Hello....good morning!
Richard Branson registered name "Virgin Galactic" in the early '90s.
RT Seeking funny/weird/interesting posts about... SPRING!
But cutting a degree program like CS that so clearly benefits students is shameful, regardless.
Signed, American Arab Anti Discrimination Committee, Arab American Institute, American Task Force for Palestine...
April is Child Abuse Awareness and Sexual Assault Awareness Month. Please help us in creating awareness in our communities
<U+2764> the movie The Secret of NIMH :))
maybe we can bribe a worker to sell us some fresh ones off the conveyer belt!
I wish waking up was easy...like in a music video
why two?
It WAS a good state, until you two clowns decided to move there....
I got nervous today and said hewwo instead of hello... Uh haahahhaahahah
#2011was pretty good. it went by so quickly though! i'm so excited for #2012 <3
time out pls
rad! send me a link for the new band too kiddo!
Put Lucroy in the All-Star game Brewers fans. He's gotta beat Posey and Yadier. Vote like idiots.
We had a GREAT TIME today with Music a la Mode! See you kids again, on NOVEMBER 11th!!!
Happy Friday baby lest make the best of it
hey! hope you're having a great day and I'll hopefully see you soon :) MarchingBand7Days
RT : Big thanks to , and for being gold sponsors of the 2012 scholarship reception!
haha i wish i could torrent it. my schools giving out free keps for windows 7 and they ran out.
thanks so much for follow! If there are any mattress related questions please let us know. My partner and I have over 30yrs exp!
Real fireworks at my house thunder and lighting with monsoon rains.
Have fun at prom be safe <U+E414>
Good to know! Is the "Kids Eat Free" promotion on M, T, & W available at all locations nationwide?
what get the next man on, won't get you on, that's word
and if they're going to #Marquette chances are they are pretty decent students
Me and Christy tried to go on an adventure and it didnt work becasue this place is scary at night.. lol so we went to the movies
There is always research and hope when it comes to colobomas, but no definitive treatments yet.
Wait, which one is USA? Lol.
I more confused than a three-legged what the fuck am I talking about.
Looking a bit foolish
Ruben are you cheating on us?! ;-)
haha. Can we get a picture of your car's boo-boo?
Tip of the day: specificity is the key to understandability.
You think theyre just "skeptics" but they're bonified dream killers, stealers with sharp daggers stabbing your dreams to death as u share
We are lame and don't have the money to make any merch for you. Sorry.
Lmao! Yes its not a ghost its me lol": holy ba Jesus ur back on twitter ^_^"
twitter chat
lol true..just be glad is just a kiss he want
UNLV blows 18 point lead to TCU thanks to 15 turnovers. Rebels will have to tighten up if they want to make a run in the tournament.
There are five keys to social justice in any person's life. And these are not political. Everybody has them.
i swear i'm probably bipolar
Looking forward to #VegasSpringSocial this Friday! Thanks to & for planning!
eileen. Can you please email me? Rob Tencer
Thanks I know you've got a candidate who deserves a blossom. Somewhere, right?
Is there ever a time when your not at OG? you go every night(:
Thanks for following follow4follow
I am thinking about getting a BMW 320d xDrive Coupe for a new car!
boo I thought this was going to be a where to meet girl-friends type thing. That's what I need <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
#Just did via twitter "vet"! Lol
Funeral weekend. Husband en route to Little Rock. Sadness all around. Eating lobster bisque and the butter & cream are a bit much!
Max: "Do you need some ice?" Justin: "For what?" Max: "Your sore, looser."
Thx for checking! Relieved...
Hi! Are you interested in a meal replacement shake that will curb your hunger? My friend lost 30#s in 90 days!
you are very kind, I'm glad we found each other :)
I get the same look everytime I talk about my sorting hat quiz...
Congratulations to one of our youth bowlers, Sterling Hearn for bowling a #300Game yesterday.
. Haha, we're not in NY anymore, Toto.
Love you guys!!! I can't wait to get your magazine every month! The best information and WAY ahead of conventional thinking
Follow back huh? That's what's up...but where U going?
This summer is going to be amazing. Many awesome things ahead. One more month.
say please
good! We need all the prayers we can get!!!
Could she get any better? ... I hope people realize that there is a brain underneath the hair and a heart underneath the boobs
My friends and I will love you forever for this tweet. Thank you. RT : Brad Goreski has no talent.
37% done The Replacement Wife , by Eileen Goudge. I wish NetGalley would offer EPub versions, so I could change the formatting on my Nook.
i had just tweeted that...
In the end you're the only one who keeps me sane here
Are your brackets filled out? Hopefully you have Baylor University and The University of New Mexico - UNM going far!
#Habitat4Haiti campaign will be in full effect this year.
yeah and me and my brother are the only twins in my family
Not sure I really get Draw Something. It's so slow!
I bet there's a pretty big "crazy cat lady" market out there. Maybe even crazy cat MEN. But no, crazy guys usually go another way.
haha, i'm glad they finally worked shit out. :) and yeah dude. i ain't been on here in a good minute what's new with you.
Played some basketball today. I need to start practicing haha
How lucky!
no successful men. I think not. There is a new site for them www.brosintanks.com
Great Win for the Ravens. Have to thank the 49ers for letting us hang around during their walk-thru on Homewood Field on Wed
I've been slacking on this lately
sign me up!!!
why is pizza for breakfast unacceptable?
I have 2 disagree w/that. Everyday all shows #maddow, #lawrence, #ed, #sharpton have been doing extensive reporting on OWS.
MT : Social media will someday be a skill everyone has, not a job some people do, like typing in Mad Men, says
i cant wait to work together !!!
I'm pretty sure that I'm in love with the new pair of shoes I bought yesterday. Is that wrong? I don't wanna be right....
I cant stop thInkin about how good #TeenWolf was today
Love it! RT Hey students! Here's a sneak peek of your wall!
prescription of the day: Work hard with a heart full of charity and never stop reaching out! visit us at redhorseshoebooks.com
Wow, , you've owned the building I've lived in for 5+ years for under 2 mos and you've made me want to move. HORRIBLE service.
You think if i cared about you id wanna be just friends? If so
Uncle Rodney is a bum
Im a crazy mothafucker u should know that...
Damn you chest cold germs!
no problem honey , it will be okay just believe "be okay"
New single More Than Just a Farm and Love Doesn't Live Here. Y'all should play 'em
yeaa mugs just really get cut off
Thanks for the follow and have a fantastic Valentine's Day! Cheers!
love you more bo :* mwah
Its hard for me to sit back wait and let other people run my career... Im already gettin a taste of this industry shit 1st lesson,patience
On the phone w/mom & she starts talking to my nephew loudly. Then she says okay I will let you go as if I'm the one that got distracted.
CityLoft was hot last summer. Woodward was block off for a fashion show. Should be an annual event
how's everything? :)
shut y'all not seeing a pay check bitching over the game asses up .
Man. It's Boneless Wing Thursday...that's where I'll be at for lunch.
How would teachers find the time to mention "gay" without cutting into valuable "abstinence only" sex ed time?
ooh, I want some more. ooh, what are you waiting for? take a bite of my heart tonight.
The worst way to miss someone is to be sitting right beside them knowing you can't have them.
Saw alot if girls tonight
yes. We play 9/22/11 in downtown. At the last book store
Someone keeps calling the #Hawks losers. What does that even mean? Could say the same thing about #Bruins before last year. It's sports.
don't get blown away out there
Lookout for a NY Times feature tomorrow (5/23) on the new play I'm doing. WTC View
yes it is!
40-60% off on all Sports Apparel @ www.allsportsshopping.com. Nike, UGG Boots, New Balance, Team Sports Equipment, Golf, Cycles, Skis
IT'S ANNIE DUMBASS
Self thinking, yes. Mind reading? I can't psychically know what you mean by "Liberal." Maybe you don't know what you mean.
Reading a very interesting book by Seth Godin, "All Marketers Are Liars." How about all you marketers out there. Are you all liars?
"Loving someone is loving that person despite their flaws and weaknesses.."
Whew - thank god!
I Was Being A Fat Ass & Bought 2 6-Packs Of Reese's. (:
Went out last night with my girls n ended up late for work this morning. Smh
wait what?! I'm crazy?! HELL NO!! YOU crazy!! Lol Jk Ik I'm crazy
Are you running for president of the United States or do you want a position in Netanyaho's cabinet?
did you talk to Melinda ?
I use to wear my #jansport in front of me like a prego belly. I loved it just cuz it kept my hands warm in winter. Lol.
OH MY GOD. I watch it every Tuesday. Haven't missed a week yet. I thought I was the only one too! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Have you followed yet? Make sure you do ASAP to get updates about our Annual Users Conference as they happen!
#YouWasSexyUntil u farted in the car and it smelled like u missing a lot of food groups!
I want to be assistant!
i just thought it was funny haha
- It was SO wonderful. Great wine, fabulous friends, beautiful weather & location! I will definitely be back!
im on my way!!
Chilling down #Banditville wit
Just want to say a BIG thank you to for making me a better leader. Thanks for investing in me!! Love u man
You must be tired because you've been running through my dreams all night.<U+2665> <U+2665>
Thanks for connecting! Use this reply as a $10 voucher towards any 60 minute treatment at our center, thru 5/11/12, Mon-Fri.
Or someone brings it up...I'm just like <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>......WTF bro?
according to google maps on my android I'm currently walking on water in the middle of the pacific ocean....
Just finished a Battle of Books on Friday with a wonderful group of middle schoolers. They were so nice and had such great manners.
-makes one wonder?
I'm giving those products a shot!
of course my tripod drawing had to start with clouds in the sky. of course.
you get use to it or get a dog lol
have a great show tonight!
I know a few places where you can get red peppers for a lil cheaper than that.
Faking? His arm was hanging like a string of sausages at an Italian deli.
Disgruntled progressives put the Tea Party in power, now they aid them by calling Obama weak. That's stupid & naive--exactly what GOP wants.
“: Not happy with my grades, but hey. That's what summer school is for.”
I feel we can collaborate and create great ideas on fashion dm me
man u kno delonte was smashing his momma she prolly told him not to do shit smh that was his step pappy Lmao
This might be the best thing I've ever seen. A two hour first act has never gone so fast.
RT I'm getting married in october and the first thing we set in stone was that our first dance will be "Spanish Steps"// thx man
professor told me today (again) how much he enjoyed my presentation from Friday. I'm still floored by that.
Just enjoyed a Friday massage! Ah I'm refreshed!
#FridayFightAgainst any cancer... one of my best friends aunts was just diagnosed.. </3
Stephanie's battling Dave at bagging. Nice reusable bags! Go Stephanie!
“: If your pay theme requires an install profilethat profile inserts php in blocks then you are doing it wrong.” I got bit too.
Blood Drive is in progress..no waiting! Come on down and give the gift of life. The Red Cross is here until 5:30 in the Centennial Commons.
This stability ball straightens my posture and skyrockets my self-righteousness.
I believe it was Gibbon who said, "history is a register of mankind's crimes."
Hungry! Haven't eaten since lunch :/
it won't let me see the link
Fellas please stop telling us that y'all are interested if you know in your heart that you're not!!!
lol way younger lol I was just younger when you were there
Happy Friday!! Anyone have fun weekend plans??
:-( OMG! Prays going up and out for that family.
I love all 3 songs. =)
mine too!!
A Field Report sighting! RT : That's right, suckas!! is going to light-up the Shitty Barn on 5/2 in Spring Green.
Indianapolis tomorrow..
I NEED A HOT TUB. that honestly the only thing i want to do right now.
Jkgbbbgbg PRINCETON WAS SOO CUTE WHEN HE WAS A BABY OMG :'o
Just realized that Tommy Haas lost. Sorry to hear. I was hoping he could go all the way.
yeah, i met them with her twice and once by myself
girl your the only one from the crew not following:( please follow us! we love you(:
We absolutely will. If you could spread the word as to why we didn't make it, we would appreciate it.
So when should you ask for a raise in this economy. Some say don't bother...other have an approach. At 5pm in about 15 min.
Ya'll are always on the job! Lol Happy early birthday
Baltimore thieves are odd. Last night, someone stole my makeshift compost bin - just a crappy plastic plant pot with some holes in it.
TL feeling stale? Spice it up by following Happy #FF!
Apparently I'm supposed to assume every dog is a seeing eye dog.
The proper function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them. I shall use my time -- Jack London
Dude, thanks for stopping by!
On the Capitol square I saw only a few businesses with "no guns" signs. None of the banks. :)
Arnold is being taken back to camp after suffering a wound to the leg, while his troops under direction of Daniel Morgan storm Lower Town.
It's days like this that I wish I liked coffee.
FOX NEWS Just finished covering the SPURS practice. The game is 2night on CW35 and the rest spurs will go 4 a win 2night
Round two is my round >
#IfTheyShutDownTwitter I will never see Bruno Mars Tweets again :|
good afternoon. it's 2:15 pm and I just woke up. oh well yolo
Thanks for the RT! More now than ever, we have to start thinking more consciously about our water.
Excitement is building!
k. HAND Hun
RT : "Always laugh when you can. It is cheap medicine." - Lord Byron
How has everyone been? Sorry I haven't been tweeting much.
Coffee, you make me so good for the world.
+1 “: Why are flavor-blasted pizza goldfish so good? #fattweet”
Exactly 4 more months till I'm 15! Whoop Whoop!!
If ya don't like me, unfollow. I don't want 92739937399283 followers. I just wish for the people who do follow me to like my tweets.
I got chased off, but not shot. Always a good day when you don't get hurt.
Mad shout out to because that the story of my life
Happy Thanksgiving to all! Enjoy the time with family and friends!
GOOD NIGHT EVERYONE ! I LOVE YOU
We are finally tweeting...
I miss you So Much justin rite now Have fun touring loveU!!
Same here coach. Can't wait2c how well u do @ ur new job. Good luck. Just finished my 1st yr new1 myself&can't wait4 year
As a Die Hard #NYKNICKS Fan, it was amazing to meet
o the chopped almonds in it sound delicious! thanks for the recommendation.
Haha. Yea, I'm more looking into it academically. Although if something clever comes up I'll totally use it.
RT The #Isles will wear their black 3rd jerseys during the 2012-13 season.
rappers spend more time addressing their haters than they do praising their fans!
my mom called me downstairs to tell me I had mail and i was all OMFG WHAT IF ITS FROM VINNY. nope it was a letter from my dance instructor
nope, it's works fine for me. what's up? what's it doing?
Walker may have the dollars. We have the people and the votes. -Sen. Lena Taylor on
Will we see you at ALA Midwinter Meeting this weekend? bit.ly/zI1kzD
SOLD OUT Jinx so bad on Closing Night we had to add another row of seating!!! A HUGE thank you to all who came out!!!
Worked from home today.....ugh!
Team Bazinga! Is ready for #thecityscramble this Saturday in Fort Lauderdale!
HUNGER GAMES are on for today! The movie, that is...
I've been up for 5 hours. This waking up SUPER early thing feels weird.
I'm about to get wings... Look at GOD RT : I want some wings...
Yes! Thank you very much for picking up the check. Excellent meal and great company
Santa should be on his way to my house Now with u so when i open u in the morn can you make sure to smile and give me a hug?(:
agreed“: Very painful after how they played last night. “: This is painful! 13-12 Holy Family at half.”
tell us more. What are they eating?
Blessed weekend to one and all. Peace.
who u got in a fight Myron Scholes or
thanks alan :D I hope I copied the link correctly for the retweet! ~~~~rich
32 seconds to get my first spam: “: Hey you should follow they follow back! ;)”
And this day was capped off with cleaning up day old dog barf. Now onto happier things like beer.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!! May you and your wife have a beautiful, blessed journey! Now life REALLY starts lol!
Cause we're poor.
Sheriff Patrick O'Flynn hadn't gotten a raise in a decade... he deserves it!
so sorry to hear about your drama
Omg where is the justice?? Lights still out..fuckin bitches
Some people have no decency
Every time lakers lose laker haters talk STFU everybody lose the lakers ain't fuckin perfect !!! I guess to many championships
okay i'm getting in the shower now see ya twitter in 3 hours!!!
when you smile it makes the whole world drop dead from happiness!
Why is #bachmann even still running? Do us all a favor and drop please so I won't have to hear any more of your awful speeches.
You spend all of your time on Twitter
GO KEVIN MITCHELL GO
so turns out you weren't lying about mass effect 3. Unbelievable
What does a siren at 1:25 mean? Tornado?
Ugh cant sleep and I have to be in hair and mu at 5 am....madness!
He say i don't give him no attention when he text me, reminder, dont u have a girl..
tell that caller to connect with me and I will help him get a job
I'll act my age when I'm 69.
Fracking Pollution Limits - Green Chip Stocks
A gap in a lot of marketing operations = Work like mad to get the sale and move on
Why are there ugly plastic surgeons?
Glad to see my bashing of Izzo got MSU in gear. They needed a pep talk from Pregame.
love love loving KATHY!
Detroit @ NYY tonight. Hope I can stay awake to watch.
lolol. He's white.
friend's are saying Shanghai. HK is kickass from what I hear!
i got u. Follow back
trying to reach you - can u email me?
Some oral contraceptives & NSAID’s may deplete your body of folic acid causing anemia, depression or heart palpitations. 412-681-6400
premiere of Boyfriend on mtv (:
Cloudy with a chance of bullshit.
Hopefully people have learned their lesson and will vote these REPUBLICAN bums out of office when they are up for re-election!
I truly believe some people in this world just need to be killed...if you dont want kids DONT HAVE THEM
a three-pointer in a dome stat drop. really?
better than dying...
30 days sober down. Many more to go
headline on the #tv "Bachmann explains 'submissive wives'."
We are excited to show in Detroit and are currently setting up a special screening. Also the film will open in Detroit in September.
It's a shame that the particles weren't really breaking laws. It would have been exciting to start physics from scratch.
Four hours 'til showtime!
is Josh doing a show while here?
Do chicks really dig Adrien Brody?
“: yo! #9 is the jam! Really dope mix tape!” she heard the draft of the tape. #9 is got damn yessssir!
thanks! It'll Be up very soon! :$
Glamour claims that "submitting a reality TV application" is a 'dating red flag.' Anyone care to defend??
: Was rooting for Beverly. Do not like Sara. #topchef> I felt the same!!
Being a grownup blows
ok..you're signed up...now tweet
Thanks, Jason.
u look amazing :-) n beautiful
I remember when a students goal was to go to college, not gang bang
#kyste2012 I use Evernote skitch on my touch pad as a portable dry erase board. I can work with students anytime with skitch. They love it!
best response ever.
Kirk Cousins to the Washington Redskins. #MSU #Sparty #NFLDraft pick
Thanks! Good to be back, but also missing Montreal more than a little. A happier city in more than a few ways.
Met Kirby Smart today
i hadn't seen someone takeover a tournament game like that since vs Kentucky
Pride & Prejudice is on the tv, this is a good thing.
problem is we have lost all sense of perspective in the country.
Aethereal is getting ready to finally record some new music! Stay posted for more detailss...
My new favorite song! It lives in my head now. And it's not even a full song! Garrrrr!
then when they find us we'll be like "oh hey! How did I get here? Why am I in a ninja suit? OMG ONE DIRECTION KIDNAPPED ME"
Well i never thought you'd stay, that's okay. I hope he takes your filthy heart and then he throws you away someday.
I think Brett is a little salty. Look at Urban's resume... I'd flip too.
Good night
I tld him I was trying to respect his decisions, he sd when you started tlkn abt coming to get ur stuff I figured it was over
sounds good. New Twitter pic? I'm ready to see , Pat O'Hara and Marcum
#PlayOfTheDay should be renamed to the Yankees Crappy Announcement of the day....go a little deeper in the well kid.
I see you've decided to start following me again! Wait until your feed is filled with FDA news, ha!
Happy Mother's Day everyone! Enjoy your special day.
god please don't take from us so soon :'(
So vital. What are ways people have used to protect our good people?
Congratulations on your success!
we should get drinks when I visit since Behzod will be leaving the great northwest soon.
AMC Theaters offers 2 FREE Movie Vouchers to new Apartment Residents in Orlando. Posting January 1st, 2012.
I like jj reddick cause ima duke fan but he can cut this shit out against miami
getting back to the 30 second elevator speech training we have been delivering before - small biz needs help in this area I think
You deserve all the beauty the world has to offer!
Fresher than paint:)
LOL is the mute button bandit! LOL
Perils of the most office-convenient gym: Having to introduce yourself to previously unmet co-workers when you're in a towel.
A little late, I know, but I'm into Florence and the Machine. A lot. Courtesy of
Lucky! Id rather be home, then at school!
you killed that track don't trip Hahaha
Russell Martin will be catching Andy Pettitte today.
follows me please : ) im fans of u :D 7
WOO KINGS
That's a good point. You should probably just go stand in the corner and sing about how you're losing your religion.
yes, but that's ok! Man, doesn't that seem like a different world?
heck yes we'll be tweeting away at
Fearing CA Could Be a Dead Zone, Irvine City Council Takes Lead ... OpEdNews .Council motions2 prevent SONGS from becoming Fukushima.
Just witnessed a delta sandwich. Poor bastard being sandwiched never even saw it coming! cc
So I got fired yesterday, you should cheer me up by telling us what you think of our new teaser :)
I feel like butt, this headache and light-headedness can go away at anytime now.
ugh my throat is killn me this changing weather mess is not ok
go to chief Jim Billies swamp safari in the Everglades in Florida twithelpme night time buggy rides Garuanteed to see tons of alligators
I had so many potential Sams... and now it seems the only one I will end up with is the one that requires a membership card
I love when my name trends even though it has nothing to do with me :D
Females got the game fuck up " did u miss me " we only talk like twice like wtf smh
Lax tryouts were no fret
Wonderful soo excited see it !By the way you are in all cases, a wonderful and handsome!love u
Is it just me but I hv never heard a bad Mary J Blige album cn u say music Icon!
Senate Tax Chair Julianne Ortman comes out swinging - "Gov. Dayton has burned his last bridge with legislature" with tax veto
If you can cut over the sink and run the knife under cold water, sometimes that helps. ...sniff...now you got ME crying!
That was a beautiful note Lee. Thanks for sharing! #TearingUpABit #SoProudOfOurBoys (Or should I say men?)
Visibility creates opportunities. If a resume was the deciding factor in recruitment, there would never be a need for interviews.
ah, yes that would be problematic.
Excited about our new school schedule which should be up Nov. 1 at www.tuckerschool.com!
E.A. SPORTZ!!! (Country Accent) LOL!!!
How can ur baby be mine when she looks Mexican????
Praying for peace and the change I'd like to see in the world today.
lets laugh at things we never did.
Retweet if today is your first day of school like it is for me!!!!
the second one
Bro's before any female
Today is going to be a VitaCoco kind of day...
ATM machines 'are costing tourists' Research has suggested that British tourists are spending an extra £260 million a year in fees
: Eddie?! Is that u? Lol
I basically live at my #grandmashouse. CUZ I WUB HER.
Really though, can your English really be that bad?
Mac makes a great liquid that has a felt tip applicator that I love. Goes on pretty easy but I also struggle making them look even.
Josh talks to me so I don't tweet myself hahahahaha
Kinda REALLY bored...
Say it to my face. Not through your status.
Most Ppl can never accept your downfalls but if they can love u "wen it doesnt hurt" than they should be able to do all the same wen it does
"I just want to buy a fleet of horses and name them. if you give a horse s cookie"
Power out to about 90 customers in White Hall area per VA Dominion Power, est. repair 11pm-1am. Running off UPS backup and laptop for now.
you might try Resident Evil: Degeneration Tags
I think Siri should be on the 2012 ballot for President.
Duck offense looking tough to stop. U of O marched down the field easily, ending with a James TD run to the left. All tied at 7-7.
Thanks for making those GIFs!
Going to the Garden to watch the TRUTH make history? stop by & visit us before AND after! #GOGREEN!
Mavs-Nuggets game last night was awesome. But it's never fun to be on the wrong end of a buzzer beater. Back at it tomorrow night in H-Town.
RT : Yes! just gave out free copies of the book Creativity Today to all attendees lab this...
jk i sing horrible almost as bad as rebecca black
on #Leadership - What part of TRUST don't people understand? How could Weiner stay and why would people let him?
. If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve."
Thanks for the mention. FYI, there is a version for VMware Workstation as well as vSphere (for business).
stuck at home : (
OMG! THE WANTED WERE AMAZING ON THE VOICE TOMS SLIDING ON THE STAGE AND NATHAN AND SIVA DANCING AND MAX AND JAY JUST LOOKING CUTE!!<U+2764><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
You are changing the world one FAMILY at a time. So PROUD to know you and to be a part of SHF! GOD BLESS!!! =)
Really? You feel a detachment with Facebook?
Headed to church. Hope everyone has a blessed day!
If you interview me and don't kiss me on the lips, I have no respect for you.
Are you going to go see them at Coachella?
State Dpnt on Hana Shalabi: "..our annual Country Report on Human Rights Practices addresses" administrative detention in Israeli prisons.
Goin on 8 months on the 29th me n my bae been together
I want that Mr. Right soon :)
RT : Models aren't the only freelancers in fashion who want to #GetPaidNotPlayed. Read one top photographer's story:...
Ah officially booked her flight to LA!!!!!!
No one gets more excited to see you than your dogs do.
So tired... Now to be lazy!! Peace
The World Is Not Enough is one of the worst Bond movies I've ever seen....
Good morning Val where's your coat?
Similarly, I've found that I don't particularly like calling my employer: Boss, Supervisor, etc... New terminology?
Bears got Tebowed.
Tonights turn out is looking amazing for Mike Posner tonight!
#SPAM has been around for 74 years! (The canned meat, not the junk email.) Happy Birthday!
Perfect thing to see to start my morning!!! I just want this day to end already
sounds standard sir
I feel like I juss wanna b single again
you could be right for me who knows. but I doing think the world is ready to take you off the free agent list shortie
This post office has a stupid slow line right now
Wow. Busy busy. = everyone getting there hair done!!!
I thought this girl was a freshman, turns out she is a senior.
Instant Photo System | Fujifilm Global
forgot how much work gardening is.
OMG OMG IS FOLLOWING ME I CANT BELIVE THIS:)
playing with sifteo cubes
I heard the Bogut interview on Mike Hellers show, and Luke on Tony Bruno. Good Job PR, getting the Bucks out there finally;)
im going tonight haha
remember when MADE us go to "date land"? Home boy was cravin a world famous "date shake".
I just saw some pretty cool tattoos on tumblr. Love them! Anyone have any pf tats?
yes, it does although it just started. I need to jump in asap. Follow/promote
that awkward moment when you skip over this this tweet and don't tweet me back and then realize there's two "this"'s.
congrats on the new place! Looks like a great neighborhood via
you'll just get more pissed off
Axelrod blames GOP for immigration stalemate
season ending, fair. As much as I love those 3 guys, a rookie (kinda) 1B, light hitting SS and 5th starter aren't "Key"
It's Sunday... and I should be at INOZ drinking Mexitinis until we're silly right now<U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>!
Yeah. Ugh Christina annoys me though.
perfect! at 3pm?
I was just evacuated off a bus for a coffee spill. I am not kidding.
You know I can make your night ,you wanna get it? You got something that I like but I might regret it ....
Success Comes Before Work Only In The Dictionary. Do you agree?
#Wisconsin Big Ten champs now on to the #rosebowl against Oregon
I always followed you, jerk
Roger Goodell is gonna breakdance before this draft is over.
you deserve it!
Congrats to for their #MITx initiative. Very impressive. And a boost to hard working, curious individuals the world over.
TrafficSafetyCn thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
So if I tweet something, is it viewable by followers of someone I am following? I'm confused...retweeted?
followed :) shout out pls?x
yeah but it sucks this is my second laptop I had another before my charger works
Pls pray for two homeless men who were shot as they slept under morrison bridge.
Happy Birthday Taylor Swift
We would like to present you the newest and best ElitePRO DOT ws ever created for automated online Business. No manual trading, no more...
What coach wouldn't want Rivers?
Got the opportunity to go to 2 baseball games tomorrow for free ( or Clemson/WFU)...hmm, decisions, decisions.
Nemo? that's just wrong...
Saw Rango last night--liked it quite a bit! Don't recommend taking any kids under 5; saw some traumatized youngsters in the audience.
Sick. It sucks :(
when art ends, will there sill be the world?
What's the best pie there is? Pies are making a comeback!
16oz Troegenator Drafts $2 all day today. And, don't forget tonite is Music, Munchies & Margaritas with the talented
me ... II want i love u , u r awesome! Please follow me?
i meant like fun ! d ko sila gusto . gets mo ? ughh lols
ok srsly room 317 was the death of me. I still have a hard time remembering that it isn't real lol SO. MANY. EMOTIONS.
lol imma hit you monday doe ...i betta c u too Larry Berry
Thanks how was ur easter?
its not lame...sleep is important! It helps u stay looking young! ;-)
Thank you Anima!
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card why do I class these teams in the position they are in simple it all about matchups.
Rape in wartime is connected to gender relations established in peace. We should not bracket the former from the latter.
Haha! RT : Few things are more unnerving than getting an email notification that is now following you on Twitter.
That's freakin' awesome.
busy studio day today! How is everyone?
i will..
you are a wonderful mother. You Give your heart and soul. What more could a child need.
Hill on the lline
:-) Sounds great!
haha good answers all around chi-town ladies. Let's all go to a Cubs game and see who can drink the most Old Styles.
gonna tweet like its my birthday
I'm fine! Thanks for asking how are you?
#oomf is so super special
looking forward to catching your blog and learning more about your operation - took 3rd MIM 2008 shoulder Ques Brothers!!
I have 2 finals tomorrow and im sitting here listening to music and chilling out. Can you say All-Nighter? Last day of school tomorrow!
*waves* hi Matt! Did you kids eat all the food yet? :)
Espn #30for30 so good. Doesn't matter which one, I always get so sucked in.. and this is coming from someone who barely watches sports
Hey Caitlin can you follow me on gifboom
I want some waffle house lol
1030am. You coming?
thanks for the follows!
Good Morning World ...!
Win Duffy has emerged as my favorite tertiary #Justified character. Reserved bewilderment is quite the facial expression.
yah!!! I was hungry after a skate sesh. I see you all swagged out in the st mos uniform haha. Are you almost done with school?
its HOT here in Chicago, maybe the Castronovos should take a road trip to Chicago (:
Goodmorning <U+2600> And Happy Mothers Day To All The Mommies && R.i.p to the ones that are not with us . <U+2764>
I have been awarded a Pollock-Krasner Foundation grant award! Thank you SO much to the Pollock-Krasner Foundation!
That moment when you're on Facebook and see that your crush is in a relationship & your heart just suddenly breaks.
Nothing Is better for thee ... than me.
Hope you guys like the bracelets and jewelry by
Brettschneider's last name is ridiculous. That's a full name for most people.
Can't wait for ? Join us at El Pueblo tomorrow morning at 9:30 to get the party started early!
new parenting tip #109 - babies are sticky. not just toddlers. milk is sticky. formula is sticky. everything is sticky. it doesnt get better
Nuclear disaster
Let the countdown begin...No sleep but ready to head home today! Big weekend planned with my <NC> family from all over!!
Didn't get to play yet. Busy, busy, busy...
RT : however meta you go, can always take it one more level. Abstraction as a service = As :-)
Am I the only one who can't decide between an iphone or blackberry?
"No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar."
If I were to tweet 3 times per day... I'd be your father.
Hair...chalking?! Is that a thing?
well the rittenhaus is not exactly...cheap but they do give you champagne and chocolate covered strawberries when you check in.
can DEM's get males 35-55 to vote their own interest ? The GOP seems to be experts at getting to vote against it
#homesweethome :) ": I can't wait to move back to buffalo...I miss my family and friends so much ;("
Too Funny. so quiet out here you could hear a fish flatulate. (via )
Form to transfer credits from the Germany Trip to #uwm SOIS is filled out! Now, to wait to hear they've been accepted...
#Txttlktees is going live on Friday-Check out-Txttlktees.com &buy some Txttlktees for you&your 4F's-friends, family, followers,&fans!!
Use analysts to keep perspective rather than continue drinking the Kool-Aid Corey Ferengul Rovi Corp
We would have a lot of fun over there but it is cold there as well I would rather be somewhere very warm now anyways cuddling
sound kitty till the death of me
Right back at cha!! Keep blazing those trails, baby!!!
Yup! You want one Dustin?
Gosh, I didn't think that far ahead lol. We need to figure something out though. For reals.
Happy Birthday Brian![: Have a good day<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
No not put off at all. Loving the refreshingly civil discourse of it.
if i am pressed to say why i loved him, i feel it can only be explained by replying: "Because it was he; because it was me"
Found out today that I was #1 in Baltimore my last week on the air. Ain't that a B.
no, but I did toast you on Untappd ;-).
I never tweet
thank you! Glad you enjoyed it!
d, wtf r u talking about...?
Things That Are Heard TONIGHT at Jazz, Deconstructed! Tonight's the finale of the series. Don't miss it!!!
Phone been dead forever.. Lol
It is now, and will always be, The Jake. No better nickname anywhere!
They should go away, just don't force them out and they will clear up nicely.
people people please chill it with the deep tweets!
BTW I am so fucking bored I can't stand it. Busta windows out my own house.
The cigarette industry spends 27 million a day US on marketing
It's a lot of people with #lace on and shouldn't be.. Eeewwwww
Rule #5 cause I skipped it, don't get an agent "just to have one" build your resume and go get a good one that will actually get you work.
Peggy Olson, Gangsta.
Me: Are you sick, Dad? Dad: No I just live here.
Last hearing of the week... send positive vibes that the judge gives client another chance and doesn't arrest her...
check your email my friend!
you're bout to get beat up.
The BEST question ever: "What is the wise thing to do?"
(and thus proceeds the writing of Kzoo paper #2)
Anna! We gotta talk! :D
Marvin Gaye & Chardonnay
Did you not hear the announcements? They want people to dress up and my math teacher said Prairie loves Halloween.
and that person wasn't even Greek O_o
Was so tired, wanting nothing but my bed...Now that I lay down, can't sleep..
cause if my tweets. wants to visit Texas, now! :D
listening to The Actors Way web broadcast from
haha omg that is so true
that's what she said
I felt a great disturbance in the 4th, as if millions of voices suddently cried out in terror and suddently silenced.
sounds like a plan :)
RT : "Life is a challenge, not a competition. You can still smell the roses, and be on a mission." -India.Arie
#WarnerBros contacted for first with the #SpaceJam offer..I put MJ on!
Say yay, Say yay don't we do this errrryday day
Fleet insurance? We check dozens of top-rated companies to find the right plan and price for you. Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
For sure, and I'm looking forward to it. You can meet the whole fam! :)
#HappyMothersDay to my number one fan and favorite lady in the world, Rose Cain! I wouldn't be who I am without you. I love you Mom!
I wonder if I'm an #ExtraordinaryMom Guess I'll find out tomorrow. lol
Still up and watching oddities...what a way to end the night
MULCH Brown Natural $2.69 Red & Black $2.99 comes in a 3 cubic foot bag!!!! And it is selling super fast!!! Only
Enjoying some down time.
THE AMERICAN DEBT FORGIVENESS ACT now has a twitter acct. #follow and help us nullify foreclosure debt & keep homes
wait, the clippers won last night?
melatonin and chamomile
Margaret Nelson wonders who is attracted to idea of "attachment parenting." She says it reflects cultural anxiety about women in labor force
C'mon! Why doesn't have a Dallas,TX tour date?!
NEVER EVER.
Congrats to Coach Sauer and the USA sled hockey team and their win over Norway at the World Sledge hockey Challenge
must've thought he was a 14 yr old girl
and in other life maybe
RT : If you're at JCSU you're only 10-15 minutes from , uptown on 6th St. #Free validated parking too.
Fuck yal keep saying Mayweather scared of Pacquiao?! Dumb ass bitches don't know he on steroids and won't take a test... Stfu
lol ! i'm coloring you green tomorrow. that is all.
Are Junebugs still around in August?
wait I mean
Ellen I just got your audiobook and I just want to say I love driving with you! We meditate,tell jokes, give me advice..newbff
Thank you my friend! =)
recycled records?
The Verdict: Bree, Not Guilty!
u r tweet usadeaf.com and rayovacbattery.net
Kyle Baker: "We went to the Tennessee Rep to see "A Christmas Carol"
I don't think there's an emoticon for that.
but you have that amazing smile.
You know your a real teenager when you remember the lyrics to '1.2 step' and the dance moves. hahahahahaha <3
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 71
hey guys thanks for following! keep us posted on gigs and we'll do the same!
The only one not attending my Junior Ring Ceremony... :/
tierd of this bullshit.....every second la la la la
Thanks for the mention :D
Morning Sunshine! Is there an organization in So Cal that needs and deserves a sunscreen donation? Tell us about it!
I suppose it comes down to whether he could be trusted again. Lots of debate on relevance to the job, but a lie is a lie.
2000 TWEEEEEEEEEEEEETSS!!! **Marching Band Stops playing epic music** **Confetti settles** What am I supposed to do now?
If happy ever after did exist, I wish to be holding you like thiss
If I'm going to be alive I might as well be incredible I want to do more than just exist
Save the Pine Weasel!
no homework today...shocker.
are you streaming at all today
we gonna work these inches off!
To my eyes, a gay kiss on tv is cringe-worthy, but is that enough of a reason for me to discriminate? Hell no. Love is love (between adults)
*raises hand* RT ": Lowkey if I figure out how to go to another planet who wants to come with? e__e"
Working on our website! New applications will be up some time soon, so keep an eye out. Flying House 2012! Chicago and... Baton Rouge??
But isn't that just COPPA compliance? Disappointing, but our < 13 year old kids not allowed. Motivation: their safety.
Vote for our Quarterback Greg McGhee for MEAC player of the week at www.hsrn.com Vote now, voting ends Wed/tomorrow.
yep. Eventually anyway.
Happy mothers day & everyday!
are their environment easter eggs like the statue of liberty blow up in early
Read this fabulous piece and you will be reminded why the #PlanB ruling and the fight to preserve #reproductiverights matter...
Havnt been on here in forever
“: Everyday 41 kids find out they have cancer. That means 14,760 Children a year are diagnosed. #findthecureforcancer”
Ha. Big changes for NBC..
I've been waiting for these few droplets of snow for too long!
Dude deserves another go in the #UFC and his bjj is exciting as u are going to get
everybody follow my brody Please and thank u
Salad Special: Mixed Baby Greens in Honey Dijon Vinaigrette w/Homemade Country Style Pate, Walnut Bread Croutons, Bread & Butter Pickles
Thanks for the follow!
Look in the mirror
Just finishing doin my lil cuz nails...they look cool!!!!!...newspaper art.
Thanks Natalie! :)
Phase 2 Data on Provectus’s PV-10 to Be Presented at the HemOnc Today - Melanoma and Cutaneous Malignancies Conference ...
i would buy him every star in the sky....except id rather look at his eyes there way prettier <3 XD
Yep, you've gotten me hooked! The fact that my seemingly hare-brained paper topic seemed to land made me want to read more :)
I wonder what the sick pervert was doing that discovered milking the cow.
Another day another Doctor's visit to figure out the pain. Fingers crossed that they find an answer this time!
Need Hot Beats? Zoe Beats Is Your Mans! $20 Leases Purchase Your Tracks Today! SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat New Beats R Added Daily!
. apparently a car hit a light pole, it was unrooted & crumpled under their car, both dragged for 20 yards. utter miracle no one hurt.
did you
It's almost time! Get what's left for the Maxim Super Bowl Party and the Maxim Tailgate! Call 877-599-1765 for more info!
#AGirlDeserves 2 Be Treated With Respect And Like A Lady.,!
watching them
*Sigh* So bored. What do I do?
8 months kid...Are they all for nothing.
FTW! You guys rock. Great seeing you at the screening.
My bed just told me that cuddlefest starts at 1230AM and it misses me.
After a month of travelling non-stop, today is a day of pure vegging. Listening to the Hunger Games on audiobook and relaxing. Yay!
me n my nigga still n our tux man lol
I leave today for 19 days in 7 different countries. What am I forgetting to do/pack? cc:
Just happy too see another day & be with the family. life too short... i just dont stressed that enough.
Thanks for being a part of our Taco Tuesday tonight!
On the couch w/ Thor tonight. Wait, clarify- on the couch ALONE, watching the movie
Your general health affects everything, including your voice. And getting enough sleep is key. Nighty night all you fine music makers!
That song is crazy, but great!
I'm hanging out with Christy and her sister! I think going to Del Mar and Solana Beach. Then sushi downtown. You? Box? Hahaha
the Liszt Sonatas one has some agonizing math to exclude the sheet music pages from the book/copied section. Still fails.
Thanks for the follow :)
RT : Seeing the whole team makes me feel warm inside // any day is a great day to see
#hcsm T1: I personally believe social media has to be taught before residents graduate - in med school too
Hair, Makeup, Paint, Video, Clay: It's all the same to me. Just let me express myself and inspire others to do the same. <3
Stratfor puts off website launch for a week after Anonymous attack
It's never the same with a girl after you hear her fart
Proud to be reppin at Reunion #Latina 2012 Conference, thinking about challenging stigma of #HIV for our youth + the future.
Best thing about working at a library while preparing for a move - BOXES!
Rather than get into a Lebron argument I'd rather talk about this Mega Million. LOL
that's the Hipster Deer Brady all by himself. Giselle dressed him as usual. He tasted like Tara Reid. I had salad
glad to see u are at LSP. Too bad Sporting can't get u a goal
Lmaooooo! RT : Who is this girl laying on my couch O_o
RT : Congress extended #UI benefits and the payroll tax cut - Let your members know your thoughts on how they voted:...
thanks Ruben! Today was awesome!!!
Members Card Thunder -2 (20 units)
baby i just got from the beach today
Bought another coffee. Probably don't need it.
hiding the body!
RT : THIS IS IMPORTANT! Needs 100K, 68K funded so far, 4 days left! I backed this amazing project which seeks to bring...
Matthew McConaughey is so sexy
I love you, not only for what you are, But for what I am when I am with you
Am weighing my options and keeping them open. It feels good to be so free, both personally and professionally.
I CAN trust you as far as I can throw you. Which is why I had sex with a frisbee instead of the fat girl..
The big mistake was not calling timeout after first down with 27 seconds left. No way they need all 3 after that, cost them 5 sec.
WSJ is reporting that Facebook is planning to file for its IPO sometime next week.
Bialecki: role of #MA state #econdev office is to set up market for #highered & business collaboration, not direct partnerships.
YAY! Glad to hear he was reunited with his family! :-) So nice of you to work so hard to make sure that happened!
RT : : "You can spend time making great content for search engines, or you can spend it making great content for people."
waiting for some [hopefully] good news....
or the stupid lady coughing next to me like no ones business the other day on the train
Great event this evening at #cafelago Beautiful handbags & info props
Lol. I feel ya. I go through a lot of Lysol spray.
Kindergarten cop. On AMC. Now. "now we're going to play a wonderful game called: who is my daddy, and what does he do?"
I miss you my pappu!
Thanks! He's a beast. Loved watching him play. Btw, you and are gonna run HU next year.
Live music tomorrow at 6 with soylent blue to celebrate our 2 year anniversary!!
Certain to be the hot fashion accessory at SXSWi, no doubt! ;)
Yay Pacers! Bring on the Heat!!!!!
weak that does not make since
Super excited for opening tonight!
i just noticed ur egg has a "C"! awesome, is their a "like" button for twitter??
yeah thanks! we'll go thru the pricing and see what makes sense.
#1k1hr? 1700+ words baby! #amwriting and grinning and drinking coffee like it's my job.
I do...I got bored so I stalked your page...hahahahaha........sorry.
Beanies, berets, cloches...oh my! I love hat weather!!!
get Claritin clear. Or Zyrtec or Allegra. :D allergies suck balls.
Have you heard about SLICE MANIA? We now sell cheap slices after 4pm. Slices start at $1.25, Now thru the end of November!
I still haven't adjusted to picking my daughter up at the hairdresser
How is Rush Limbaugh even still alive?
Why am I watching Top Gun? Just why
Still irked. No study till I'm done being annoyed. Fuck.
of course! I'm here now, about to grab a sharkarita...
“: hope you had a great birthday !!” thx Jess! I still am actually...
me n u making babies or what! Lol
Ok cool.. So you're still alive?
“: pulled out the whipped cream and squirted it into a plastic cup to illustrate food porn!” prop humor at #2012c19 !
Sonoma County, CA: Our episode "Changing the Game" is on KRCV #TV 22 tonight at 11:00pm. Tune in!
Hmm Arian Foster for DeSean Jackson? Should I allow this?
CLONES, let's represent for our guy tonight. ROME debuts on CBS Sports network 6 pm ET. Be there.
I miss u and every 1 :(
crushed it at # uxsconf : Future Trends In Mobile.
I didn't really say everything I said. Yogi Berra
Haha is teaching the TechStars Cloud audience how to play #werewolf /cc
still have to go with Monica and kat. Monica sent me a signed shirt and pic
buy the new exsclusive smirk clothing 2222 Summit st. Columbus, Ohio X__x
I need to master that look tonight!!! lemme see...lean and look!!
": I will be performing at MCM Pub and Eatery tonight to support the fight against Breast Cancer." Amazing job man.
EASTER DAWN SERVICE at 7am in the Butterfly Garden, led by Dress warm, we will move to Fellowship Hall only if it rains.
A book is like a garden carried in the pocket. Chinese Proverb
#avengers was fantastic. Smart and very funny. and if you don't know Marvel movies by now: MUST STAY TO THE END OF CREDITS
Bono is now finally able to finish the payments on that giant lemon.
Listening 2 War of the Roses on ! Shiz is about 2 get crazy!
That's a great idea!
friends are like walls... sometimes you lean on them, and sometimes it's just enough to know that they are there.
OHMYGOD BELIEBERS ARE GONNA TEAR YOU APARTJUSTIN BIEBER U R NOT THE BABY FATHA'
bet! Is that this or next week? Let's make it happen man!
lol well im not like them
Pujols originally a third baseman, why not move him back and put Trumbo at 1b?
[Eph5:1-2+Matt7:12] Christians imitate FatherGod who loves everyone & thus we love others the way HE does-Lets walk In Love for all everyday
Midnight snack= Chipotle :D
Love Mark..Great to work with..wonderful artist..Overall awesome person!
I love my buss!!(:
Imma mail u pictures tell me which 1 u think cuter
Ok, these peeps r off their rocker..a 6 yrold is suspended fr school 4 singin LMAFO I'm Sexy & I Know It...they said it's sexual harassment?
Save the date for the next Rhapsodomancy reading: Sun. June 3. Anne-Marie Kinney, Bradley Paul, Nathan Hansen & Bonnie Bolling will read.
you're no bother. :) Charity, right?
I love afternoons like this.
Thanks for the mention.
I gotta start leaving out earlier man
NO PAUSE NONE OF THAT SHIT GET OFF MY DICK
that's what's up! How's school going?
Locked myself out of the house. Today is awesome.
Friday, i see your face &i cant breath<3;* <SoFar,SoGood;*>
it's gonna be a pretty good show.. I was planning a night in but I guess not anymore :/
what is the skirts length, and what is the event?
I really fucking hate pigeons. Like really. #diebirddie thought you all would like to know that
thank you for live tweeting a creed concert. Real treat.
crush since the Facebook days???
High tech high is a rich only school!! Only for well to do children of city council! Don't support!
Much obliged. :)
Write us at our P.O Box! Lady Phoenix P.O Box 5494 Oceanside CA 92052-5494
poostick - can't make thatcamp philly. it's the week before i go on vaycay. first world problems?
My original tweet was not about big biz it was about small biz try in grow.... they are not incentivized by tax increases
Congrats to for being the newest Certified TriCaster operator! Welcome to the family!
The world has just lost one of its greatest innovators. RIP #SteveJobs, thank you for bringing us into the Digital Age. You will be missed.
Time to catch up on #trueblood :)
SNOW - Songwriting in process by Tracy Willet.
I love Mississippi Valley State's Head Coach already. He is like playing defense on the sideline while coaching his team.
the Triad area, High Point/Greensboro area. So green and outdoorsy up there, love it!
thanks for the followback! :)
Do you think we could pair great tea and lively chamber music together sometime in the month of September?
MA Program Interview Day at DU!
concert tickets! tickets to his favorite sports team, see if there are any local minor league teams.
happy MLK Day!
amazing. see you there!
Hey MONSTERS!! We are rockin' the house tonight! Get your tix now! Still at half price on !!
um you forgot to tweet my beautiful picture!
i ain't heard from you in a while how you been
i woulda told the cashier you were gonna MacGyver yourself a car battery
just headed into town now. Use caley's cell number to coordinate txts :) !
New on Blu-ray only: "Men in Black" (5-1) "Men in Black 2" (5-1) "Clueless" (5-1) New on DVD only: "A Woman of Substance Trilogy" (5-1)
great thought! Agreed.
If you like near Auburn, AL. please send me a FB msg asap. Thank you!
And that wraps up my tweet reporting #nobel - peace out
You know you have #SupaSwank when you creep on and RT all his tweets(;
ugh..no not really.lol
U have to follow me b4 i follow ne one else ! :D #1stfollower !
Once I get this cast off I'm going kayaking and fishin in harrods creek.
Get out of school already.
Am I really running 13 miles tomorrow? Of course my body rejects this idea now..
Getting ripped out because I said that I was getting the feeling was going to be taking average classes...
Todays AP story states the dire need for tents in Haiti. ShelterBox will provide 3,000 FRI. Will AP cover this w/ US sources
dnt go to bed cuz i gt something for yo ass
The umpire HAS to call that 3rd strike... Can't believe he didn't.
More than 15,000,000,000 prizes have been given away in Cracker Jack's boxes
Spread the word about us!!! :) like our page & follow us
how awkward is the word awkward? Like the whole "wkw" spelling is so fucking weird. Lol
Chilling in my car at a gas station waiting for to give me directions... Yep, I'm that loser...
I like Malik how ignored my question. I don't wanna see him graduate anyway.
My Oscar® Pick, Best Actress: Viola Davis (The Help)
checking out new options with Centricity2 training...exciting possibilities!
you're too excited lol
Hey ! Check out Lexy.com to see your show getting some shine on Lexy. Keep up the great work!
Don't forget #Wrangler fans wear white tonight
Started to watch The Killing. Slow start but getting better. Seattle based but feels European. Danish producers miss Copenhagen?
the term "grindin" refers 2 working. The act of "being on the grind" is saying I'm " " 2 "rise & grind" is "get up & work" ;)
I Love My background <3333
How is it that the FB Questions feature usually gets less "X talking about this" #s than a typical post?
I can't imagine it gets better than spending my birthday with and as and I
It's a little late but... IT'S #FF! check out some social media professionals!
Thanks for listening. Our host is a swell guy.
I think that ANYONE receiving ANY government assistance should be subject to drug testing for their service.
Super Gay!!! RT : Rudy Gay will be the hero of the game.
Walk thru at the for #DitchFriday went well! Excited for the new area we'll be in! Eek! #Lounge is #PIMP!
just lost a $50 sale because your drive thru is not limo accessible nor walk thru drive thru friendly.
Thanks. I doubt anyone thinks either team is a powerhouse but writing this it was painfully clear how weak both sides are
My instagram is officialchristianbeadles add me
Thanks for the follow!
Everybody's getting younger/soon people won't be born
permit in da mail.
Join ICA 4 Spellbinding Sounds at St. Gregory the Great Church at 5535 N. Paulina, Chicago, IL on Sunday, November 15th, at 4:00 PM.
RT : If you're watching live, you'll need to tweet your questions, we can't access the ustream chat.
You're lying if you say you never do your homework on the Jon
At a baby shower with fabo
Tell me again what happened to K-Rod's glasses...?
Yep. Cook until you reach the level of yolk happiness you enjoy. You may want to cover it to get the top cooked.
In the recording studio sunday..
What industries or categories are a MUST for the 2013 Annual Trendscaping Report?
Tell Matt Latos that true Reds fans have his back. Only cowards send rude tweets to a guy's wife.
how much did you make?
Cleaning my room in high heels and a dress makes it way more glamorous <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E>
Hey Yeah! $23 (ticket+service). I'll DM you my e-mail and we can go from there. Thx ! LOVED your show!
I need sleep.
hahaha got it!
Why would anyone ever think of getting assistance for relief when they didn't live in a disaster area or have property?
Always appreciated Mindy!!
If you're in #Portland, look to the east right now at the most-amazing orange full moon. Stunning.
Now, finally bedtime :)
I WANNA BE THE HORSE
Somehow I'm in a good mood and a bad mood at the same time.
i have been listening to wiz khalifa for the last three days.
this about me? -.-
Completed a Lifetime Wish by getting to level 10 of the Rock branch of the Music career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
If all guys are the same then why do girls take so long to pick one out?
Wow...beyond impressive!
Eat red meat with moderation is the good weight to burn fat and build muscle
If you're a rock band of any kind (metal, punk, whatever) and have obvious auto-tuned vocals on your album, I'm gonna assume you suck live.
- Thats What They All Say ...
Im a fan of P90x Results and Recovery Formula. This stuff is good.
hey are you going to bamboozle friday or saturday?
as long as someone can come get me & bring me to your house cuz we all know my dads to lazy to drive me there
I'm going to a Bechdel reading on Monday! Super excited. How are you liking the book?
How precious. Rebekah Brooks wore a penitent little Peter Pan collar to #Leveson today. Clearly, she's incapable of wrong.
and by arranging you mean planning to release summer tour info soon!
What a joke...your commercials are longer than that match for the HWC. You must pull this stuff out of a magicians hat.
#NP Potty Mouth - Tyga ft. Busta. This song should replace Rack City.
Wat should I get light pink nails or a French
You're all amazing!
Dental Care: Do eat more calcium-rich foods, such as fish and milk. Calcium is essential for healthy teeth.
Blast glee ! But listens to warmup music real low!!
Great to see you, too, Franky -- and congrats again on the new gig!
You can give without loving,
unsure, booze tho.
ABQ Poetry Slam team in the National Finals!
Any vendors know about the rules and fees associated with vending outside Wrigley?
#MyPastRelationships are the reason why I actually wait a while till I go out w. somebody, my dumb ass is scared of getting hurt. x:
is looking for people who make a difference. Submit their stories and pics under "ABC 7 Chicago Salutes" section at .
Lott says the image of Jagger strutting like a "neo-blackface soul man" is due for a revision.
Holy shit im early to work!
you crack me the fuck up
I like
Best #firstdate idea for thursday:
the new testament invalidates a lot of the old. The old is more like history
like its fine if you scroll down someones profile every once in a while.. but if you're grilling their shit 24/7, stop! Lmaoo :x
:D YOUNOW in like 5 hours omgee!!!! Hey, uhm so how's school so far?(:
I am so sleepy<U+E108><U+E108><U+E108><U+E108>
thank you! We hope you can join us!
I thought the world turned upside down and the sea was now in the sky. Also, I thought of you having to drive...you okay?
Be leaders. The wise lead the blind.
Having some technical difficulties with the youtube video. Should be up later
Must of been pretty messy!
Ok everyone that is following FSO please help us, retweet this & add that we need more followers please. That would help greatly
Happy Fat Tuesday! See you at in Mesa AZ for Of Dolls & Murder!
That awkward moment when you take a nap then wake up at someone else's house o_O
I really want him to be mine but I don't know if he wants to be mine:/</3
#ItsSadThat some peoples definition of fun is going out to smoke weed. LOL. Your definetly going somewhere in life...
Seven New IBM Fellows Named as Company Celebrates Heritage of Innovation
Social security office: Thanks for only being open until 3pm, that's very helpful while trying to change my name back.
I STUDY ALL THE MASTERS!!!! "I LIKE SHAOLIN MONKS"-REDMAN"WE RUN N.Y."-DARE IZ A DARKSIDE
today was the first time I've been to olive garden and their food is freakin' insane
Rusko are u fucking kidding me
For everyone who doesn't have school tomorrow: will be open from 10 AM to 10 PM! That's a full 12 hours! WHO!
request for Stall Out
Congrats to the Cherokee Chiefs boys basketball team. Holiday tourney champs!
Chicago City Council now discussing new infrastructure trust- moved to top of agenda, motion made to close debate and pass.
hugs for the weekend :)
$25 menu: Chopped salad followed by Skirt steak with french fries and worcestershire then soft serve ice cream with magical shell
Go meet Mr. Obnoxious www.kissandim.com! xo
He who believes is strong; he who doubts is weak. Strong convictions precede great actions.-Louisa May Alcott
lol ikr. Its scary tho cause its dudes u would never expect lol
When you have really exhausted an experience you always reverence and love it
Snarky puppy rockin my balls off right now
Friday 4:00PM Join me under sunny skies & watch the FH High School Baseball Team play at their beautiful field of dreams @ FH Middle School.
We All Try To Swim Good...
You civilian scumbags wouldn't know this, but shootin' people dead sure works us up one hell of an appetite.
Psht not on the first date lol
Oh well that's good news snakes on crack
These dogs are barking.
Did I mention I HATE marathon Monday? I JUST WANT TO WALK HOME.
Wasting time sucks.
#random: I watch LOTR like it's the first time, every time.
submit your brand for consideration
Waiting for Bollywood movie to start.
LOVES to hear that kind of stuff. Do those boys know that book is old enough to be their parents?
I'm at Hilton if you want to connect after
RT : Remember the Future great way to understand long term ideals then logically deduce reqs. Start with vision
Being ignored, my favorite -_-
"Am I on speakerphone?!"
RT : trying to have a clear understanding of SOA registry vs SOA repository ( a lot of confusion can be found here )
you could hear a pin drop.
On the Megabus to Detroit. Bus driver craycray yet benevolent.
We totally won, 34 - 17! What a fun night at Invesco Field!!!
Good morning
better yet facebook chat me
Let us know if they help - or if they don't. That's our purpose for being here!
Yes! #BoogieNights is on AGAIN! Life is good.
get my letter?
how was your weekend.
#ufconfuel #UFConFUELTV A Kirean Zombie should never lose a fight,duh he us a ZOMBIE!
Dont give A guy somethin' u cant get back&somethin' u will regret doin' :\
thanks for the RT. big changes coming...
"Life would be perfect if hard times had fast forward buttons and good times had pause buttons"
It's always nice to workaround a server issue by writing better code
And apparently I couldn't send that tweet til just now bc I just got off the phone with her.
two thumbs 2 that, u can never go wrong when u smile...
proves that Lebron surrounds himself by cocky bastards. A person has a right to sign with who he wants. I am disappointed with Nike.
Thanks for the tip! I have to agree, so far, so good...
At Gold Dust Meridian w/my girlfriends after long day of film shooting at vintage shops in #pdx # Portland
go in the Australia ; YEAH !
we should take a picture with our cd instead? (:
I'd chose to cover that story (on twitter). So long as it didn't conflict w/ECFE class.
but you go home an hour early though, right? :-
check your dms
When you understand the WHY the HOW will answer it's self!
I will!
Is being appropriate... but inappropriate has not left the building...
Epic #Theater 's MACBETH starring Ty Jones {#SMASH] is the #NYC MUST SEE SHOW | For Comp Tickets contact & follow ---
you gotta get yourself an avatar, bro
Productive day today, the 2nd living room is coming together!
I'm very sorry. I'm working on several projects irl and barely have any free time
#travel What's your favorite destination?
We Cenanuff Tonight :-D The Rock Wins
Life is your one chance to breed a soul-download- InSpotter mobile app
To make the actual appointment not seem as bad.
Yea for sure. Really want to avoid any acrid character. I think Im gonna go pick up some coffee today.
HAHAHA OMG DOMINIC. study please ;p
Hey Rachel! Out of the blue, but I used to LOVE your fake ID blog posts. Happy to have found you on Twitter. You rock!
Hey DD What does #IUBB need to do to get back into the #BIGTEN hunt?
If facebook ever starts to show whose profiles I look at and how many times, I'm screwed
I'm going on Maury and I'm bringing 5 future-baby-daddies LoL! #ThinkingAhead :-)
Wtf.benito juarez on lock down. Some Bomber On 18th Now we cant leave school. That shit cray.
Hey, yes they eventually did (2 days ago) after two weeks with no updates. Soon as I got access I DL'd all my files to dropbox.
Open turkey day 730am-11am, and opening at 530am on black friday!!!!!!!!!
With a win over MoKan Elite, Houston Hoops 16s advance to Final 4 of Next Level Baller Spring Showcase
Photoshopping every pic u take n put on twitter or fb #yeayouugly then
What internship was it? There are a lot of internships out there. You can probably find a similar one.
Can't wait for the kpop music festival! woohoo!
I'm off to southmall guys! see ya later! ;).
The secret of success is to develop one’s intuition with devotion, logic and ingeniousness... Taglioni
who you yabberin?
Forgot my laptop at the house fucking mad now
Commentary on NYC nightlife, restaurant and liquor-related news I think might be of interest. Spread the word! Twitter SHARMALAW! thanks!!
It's been awhile guys! Thanks for all the new followers! I followed everyone back! If I missed you let me know! much love Peabodies! <3
Watching Man U vs. Wolves and Man U is CLEARLY the superior team!
yeah I was at east rock today. Would've been nice to see you.
Experienced in the wild. Do I get metrics points for that?!?
this is a question for :)
Dang I got this
Good afternoon to my Twitter Peeps!!
Need embroidered polos, printed tshirts, uniforms or promotional products for your business email us at
#IRememberWhen nick cannon had a show lol
June 8, I think.
At 28 years, woman seeks baby she gave up for adoption
don't buy any gas Sunday April 15th, its a protest day, maybe the oil companies will get the message
"Most organizations usually have tomorrow's strategy, today's structure and yesterday's people and rewards." ~J.Galbraith
endless depths. beauty masking the uninhabitable
Eavesdropping at the airport. How fortunate I am to serve people for a living.
the term "mechanically separated meat" also skeeves me
Kendall Marshall broken wrist puts serious doubts on whether or not UNC will win the title now.
Friday the 13th is literally out to get me. Honestly a little scared to leave the apartment.
Good Morning! I hope everyone had a great weekend! The build out for our new location is underway and many of the products that have been...
Whats going on with the NBA with this lockout thing? Is it true there is no basketball next season? :(
At peace. Goodnight.
I love that Rihanna "where have you been" song so catchy ! Lol
I'm also wondering if Williams will make Buddy Nix enter the news conference carrying Mario piggy-back style.
Be still and know that I am God. Sit down and shut up! God
Dolphins "All In" on Peyton Manning...not good for the Jets to be facing Brady twice, and Manning twice
Thanks dude! I'll check to see if its up sometime soon
"Life begins at the end of your comfort zone." - Neale Donald Walsch
T3: I think caregivers should adopt social media only if they want to, forced interaction would stink. They shouldn't be bullied.
glad you had a blast... Your in Indy, I'm in Louisville... We should catch a show sometime together!
Dear True Blood...what?!
Yep. Just flashed my boobs to a spider. Can cross that off my bucket list
It inspires me - the idea that one can grow and change throughout life, and challenge the tendency to cling to only the familiar.
Can I get a retweet? I am new to this whole twitter thing and looking at trying to get some followers.
My boyfriend loves me he gave me his coat so now hes walking home in a t shirt.
One person who doesn't know his/her HIV status is one too many. Text KNOW to 20222 to donate an HIV test in
How are you liking it?
I've been really enjoying Photography on Flickr. I'm thinking about making it a hobby once the weather warms up.
Photo » Photojournalism: An Introduction
I've always wanted to catch a Type O show on Halloween, it's unfortunate that I won't be able to anymore...
May Your Fridays Be Followed >>>
Thanks for the follow Shay!
Country music is the <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
going to it now...
ready to the event! Going to be a inspirational & emotional day. I walk in honor of my grandmother Rita E Green.
thank you. I think there is more to that night that the media initially reported on. I don't know what happened myself, but
Sent over by Run Faster Mommy. Love your designs and can't wait to try them out!
These recording sessions for the Mixtape are going GREAT. Just got done with the best song that ive ever did hope you guys like it
#ReasonsToSayAmen when you find money on the ground
Put your messy morning commute into perspective. Tune in to #MixCares4Kids Radiothon to hear from patients.
just got back from lifting... just getting buff and taking names, ya'll know how i do
I am playing in the house band at a jazz jam located at 1015 West Kirkland, Nashville tonight 8:30-11:00. Come out if you can!
tell your friend Bill that that sums up why I get so troubled about the drive by some for an impossible and unwise purity.
I'm wearing the same undies I wore when the Pack won
what is Soups record vs the crew? He always seems to dominate them for some reason
did she start after or before Drag Race?
a little better everyday. Having some downtime with Downtown today. Love you too honey. xoxox
The way people react when they see their shit is getting towed lmao!
Yes, number of households with guns and number of deaths that are gun-related
Thanks you Lilia for your very generous donation we appreciate the support!
I accept you're spit
You said i'm tired of you sadly :c
Get your game face on South Carolina! It's time to vote! Watching eagerly in Minnesota!
LOVING this crazy ass weather we're having.
Still waiting for Nadal's character to be questioned by the press or all this whining.
i will be there for sure!! i have to work until like 530 tomorrow, but ill come straight there! ill get there as soon as i can
Conversely, if companies are better at solving problems than government, then why isn't our government a meritocracy.
Oh my Jesus, just realized today's John Lennon's birthday. :D
You gotta inhale the good shit and exhale the bullshit.
its was brunch music! :)
Just Kendall and I in the office today which means punk rock and hair metal is blasting out of our hallway
We'd love for you to speak about at the National Press Club in DC - our speakers series airs on CSPAN. Please DM me.
I can't move rn b.c my dog fell asleep on me and I don't want to bother her.
really wts that !
I want to be an a capella harmonica player.
“: #ThatAwkwardMomentWhen u see pastor at the liquor store and he's not buying communion wine #JesusBeSomeGinAndJuice”
TRAFFIC - Rollover Crash - Hwy M @ Midtown Rd - 1 car involved, out of traffic
Came and fell in love!
We think Dinosaur jr would be proud. As would Boris.
Thanks. How you living brother man?
Tell the moneyteam I said what's the deal bro.
<--- no doubt you got some serious production/talent!
lol weavin thru traffic with ur weave shut in the car door
The Avengers may be the greatest movie of all time.
Thanks to my friends kindness and warm thoughts during this time . They haven't gone unnoticed. <3
and I love #SaySomethin by <3
#oomf is stalking... at least we aren't at the gym where it is uber creepy as she calls people her "husband" SMH
I'll consider your request.
Boys are so confusing...
Yep! Solana Beach/Del Mar/Encinitas.
Way too many almonds over the last 2 days. Way too many.
#lsuua the honey badger is back! 92 yard punt return for tyrann mathieu! Told everybody to calm the F down. Best team in CFB history!
Your wife made THE most amazing soup today.
Whatchu need boy? I needah hot girl!
I just prefer meat to the lighter stuff. Except cereal. Cereal is good.
It's a sunny Friday in #Seattle! My #FF suggestions:
I gatta admit, I miss us.
lets go. aha
When I ate my team ate now I'm sayin fukk the team I'm gettin me str8
Thanks for following us!
Done. I'd like to know too. :-)
ah for sure. I think I could help you out!
he takes too many plays off
Transcribing "Harry and the Hendersons"
I love #GPL day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Sitting next to me bro.
I used to do that all the time...it is the best.
If Twitter shuts down I could always go back to teaching snowboarding. Until climate change comes that is.
Days like this just make me happy
I'm your hero
Sharks. So ferocious! One of natures cruel jokes, I guess.
#national #callin for
Its annoying to read celebrity tweets at times. All they do is eat sushi
This #UW #Baylor game reminds me of my youth, playing Techmo Bowl.
Walking the amazon on animal planet. Killer show if you have the two hrs. dude is nuts!
Smiles... Are over rated
DOUBLE GAHHHHHHHHHHHHH “: You probably don't even know how to use it, either. :)"
Are they toying w/ us? RT : Want tickets for tonight's game? Call 215.218.7825 or stop down at the Wells Fargo Center Box Office!
just looked it up, I'm down
Finally got my phone back after a week!
Michel Hazanavicius wins Best Director, which means The Artist will probably win Best Picture. I thought it was good, but not great.
You just retweeted Miley Ray Cyrus
You a punk , but I still got love for ya .
imagine: Austin hands you a b present, you upen it and its a braclet with #YEE on it. * he kisses you on the cheek*
... of course I didn't win, dammit!
Ah that was amazing
hey louis i love you with all my heart!! Hope u have. A greate day xo
farm animals?? seriously? was there alcohol involved?
Wine tasting 2nite from 5:30 to 7:00 in Carmel. Come get some ideas for holiday wines. Bottle & case sales.
yea really haha cool! :)
Have been incredibly productive today. Feels so good :)
None should go to the all-star game, a week off would be good...get us rested for the last half of the season!!!
I'm gettin closer and closer to reaching the top of the local charts on reverbnation then its off to conquering the global charts, Nati love
how are you my west coast friend?
Good thing the #USWNT play #Canada in 45 minutes. That's about all I can stomach of the
Why not Blood Sugar Sex Magic?
Packed house tonight at Toyota Center for Rockets vs Thunder. Let's get LOUD Houston!!! Nobody comes into our house and pushes us around.
we played hide & go seek.
Listen to my latest mixes as you enjoy your day indoors...soundcloud.com/djdmannyc
gonna de-form the humanities at
yep, it's the same!
Honored to host today for their Real Conversations event at 1:30 pm in Queally Hall. Welcome guests!
FANGIRLING TO THE MAX.
thank u
yes yes yes!! “: will I be seeing you tonight at my show?”
oh. My. Gosh. Thank you SO much for sharing this! Autism is an amazing disability because it allows people to be brilliant!
Who AM I? I AM WHO?
so mark you down with a little b&e
Is still doing the opening for SNF? cc:
hm maybe we should start a safari guide company?? Thoughts?
the fish tank and swimming pool is stupid.
FINDING FOOD YOU DIDN'T KNOW U HAD IS A GREAT FEELING >>>>>>
Watching , my favorite thing about Fridays
Thanks for including MIRROR MIRROR, illustrated by , on your list of Children's Books 2010! We love that book.
#NowPlaying Boyfriend - Justin Bieber
it doesnt matter. lets just do it.
Now it's 8 walks for the Giants.
I can't wait to be a mom and have an arts&crafts room :]]]
ha ha I was for a second...I will try to do better.
Just about missed the bus to the zoo because doesn't know how to control her bodily functions.
just submitted to two workshops with two conference submission to go. Now back to studying for prelims.
Point of Sale is the key component in making your restaurant run efficiently. Manage everything from timeclock to reporting with our app!
Whose idea was this?! Lol
Playing on UB Cash tonight, waiting for Duke To Start!!
Whoa! Back up off of dill.
"They totally crapped all over R.R.R.R.R.R. Martin's vision! Furthermore,
#RIPMrsBieber god this makes me cry fly high baby girl we miss you <3
What exactly is the Fresh team about? What's the goal of the team?
I'll sell it to you next time.
I'm tired of wanting something tthat's impossible to attain
RTRTRTRT “: #Cancer's distance themselves from people when their intuition tells them they might get hurt.”
Thank you Joe! RT <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>SatudaysSensations<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080> (cont…
#What2ChainzWouldSay ; Its 2 Chainz , Two Names . I Got 2 Hoe's, Double Brain. Gotta Redbone & A White Chick . Put Em' Together, Candy Cane!
Y'all on the Meek. I'm on the Joe Moses
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-07
It was a great night! Thanks to DJ Toad, Jeff Thomas Catering, and Worldwalk Productions
i only unfollow ppl who unfollow me first
Attending Knowledge Futures session at Emory: good food for thought. Note to classroom designers, put plugs in the "learning T."
I use the most up-to-date, current technologies and match them with tried and true approaches to success.
had a great time at fight night
Come see the Mob Squad take on the Old Money Honeys this Saturday at the bank of America rink! And then come party at Ricks Roadhouse!
2 days of #wine tasting in beautiful Santa Barbara #winecountry. Where the Pinot pours freely & the picturesque landscape captures ur heart.
i tried to last game dude fouled da sht outta me!
nothing in specific, school's just getting to me & I just need to get away from here, I really miss you /:
Oh and Happy Belated New Years!! Hope 2011 is wonderful!!
i thought there was a video chat on here??? how do u do that???
He should just live life without his shirt on...
U know who I recommend for the Weekend:
haha alright then:D night!
#arabtech innovation in gaza: the backup generator for electricity consists of car batteries connected together
Thanks 4thethought; applies2every1, i know; 4 me; essential that i rest, vital 2my health; i ama workaholic 4 now; this=therapy
Thanks! It was a fun evening!
we're working on it! as you know Andy & Gay are both vegan so the less carnivorous shoes we've got, the better!
BTW, plug for our AoSL conference if you're in San Diego next week!
standard deviation, p-value, r^2, and regression analysis are starting to make a little more sense.
So awesome that the LA KINGS are advancing. Maybe we'll even end up in the Final against the Flyers!
"the bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot." Michael Althsuler - IT'S TIME, HAVE FUN!
lol ya neva kno doe but they better make it interesting don't like boring sex
I wish my wife was not bein such a bitch ..... I don't even no what I did to make her mad ... this sucks :/
Well who needs a car for $2100 with system! Im wanting something else
WHY BARCELONA WHY <U+E411><U+E411><U+E411><U+E411>
May 29. Come faster!!
is relaxing after a very L-O-N-G day at work.
Have a wonderful day (:
we will perish, but we have for hostages these divine captives who will follow us and share our fate. . .
RT : YesWeScan.org is relaunching its drive to digitize the vast trove of knowledge held by the federal government. Get on board.
I suggest food. I find it makes for the best meals. ;-)
I love this guy named he has no idea that I exist! Someday he will notice me and make my day! #FollowMeAustin :)
what is happen
Okay, just sent you an email to your yahoo. Let me know if you received it!
some day's are better then others!!
was supposed to be there! Enjoy!
marketing Historic41, fill out a quick survey or like our Facebook page and I'll give you a free shirt! Yup.
I drove through there with my family about uh 11 years ago? I def wanna visit!
obviously people do
Oh fuck, the answer is always: pizza.
I have been told I was beautiful like five times today. And I look raunchy af.
nearly, one pitch away from a sweep! go Tribe
What u mean?
the flight home wasn't the same without you ;)
glad we connected. It's great to chat with AZ people who like the same bmore teams.
I need your number I got a new phone
actually working untill the shift is over...
Told stories in Barbados 2kids & adults then went to the beach. This was my Mom's birthplace
#youknowiloveyouwhen we go where you want for breakfast ;)
I found it on YouTube; almost made me cry. We had a CD with that song on it when my kids were little... Sigh.
Lots of working groups @
I like DND and Fading Suns, Hero System, World of Darkness, Aberrant, Exalted, Fringeworthy, and Traveler.
#movieawards I can't believe the trash movies/stars being selected for awards. MTV please go with your instincts, not the 13 year old girls.
We should talk more! Taller friend. (:
I hear people use this but what does it mean? "Now that person is a honest actor."
Ok. As long as you have $376 and no known warrants out for your arrest, you may accompany me.
Great day of meetings w institut fur kultur management at univ of ludwigsburg
A phone software update feels like opening a present from a distant relative. Could be totally awesome, tho may be a weird sweater.
Exactly how North in Wisco you headed? RT : Internet detox starting now. You can reach me by traveling to northern Wisconsin.
Happy valentines day everyone!!!
somewhere, someone sez, "hey cool gotta get sum" RT : SPAM MAIL subject line of the day: "Whiskey Flavored Sex Lube"
Thanks for the follow!
A workout for the triceps
the "Magnum Opus!" Lolol.. make sure theyre a lot of hits on 1.. LOL
Nice! Hope you did well! Go grab a drink!
Oh, no worries. Yeah, I bet it is.
not from roaches it's not.
Hey Brie thanks for following, are you a Jayhawk? Rock Chalk
r.a.r.e will be watching the grammy's tonight
Lorus Therapeutics and Genentech Sign Global Intellectual Property License Agreement for IL-17E in Cancer
Has anyone been by the Bakehouse for Burger Wednesday yet? Looking forward to a busy shift this evening!
thanks so much!! Feels good
RT : The inflection point of importance is when you're reading someone's words and hear their voice.
Laurel, we're excited for the event too! Feel free to follow/comment back
Love listening to bob costas. Great broadcaster.
did I say it u shud know me by now I speak my mind I just don't get it
that's badass
Cat Power aka Chan has a way of taking a song, covering it and making it a million times better. Genius.
Anyone up?
Cuz if you got money they know what your name is.
cannot WAIT until they do Torn at the concert, that is when you find who the directioners are.
Thanks! Happy to survive. lol
Like the rodeo bull's gate opening... We were off. On the way out the door I thought... maybe I should pray I don't get a speeding ticket.
I make the board shake like im suppose to.... I have u soundin good ... Lil mama i got them pro tools
"YOGA MAN" is now officially 100% done!
I hate I didn't invent The Pebble. What an freakin brilliant idea.
I wonder if he actually still thinks of me :/
Why is love so hard to find while hate is right at your front door?
Tell that to parents who have kids playing outside. There are 118 sex offenders in D6, Wayne doesn't want you to know where.
I've been having intermittent problems all day with it. Client turned me down. Couldn't access my portfolio.
Just went to gym. Girl was actually wearing an argyle sweater while weight lifting. Wow.
hahah good stuff. but wow, I really would love to see Brodeur go far. so much respect for him! class act (on the ice at least)
By NBC (and all other networks) I think. They purposely float all kinds of rumors around this time
FWD: Spl ultimate cage stripper fights 2night @ chichis cabaret Juel Santana is goin to be in the house $5 U CALL iTS from 6to10 pm Dj C ...
Obese Drivers Less Likely to Buckle Up: Study - Philadelphia Inquirer
more sharing less hoarding...MSLH... suggestions from a great session on post-colonial archives...#506 -
mean ass
I look forward to seeing your marketing plans in action
That's why he's here in spirits.
Strawberry festival in rural Pennsylvania. Yum.
What about Fresh Prince!? That was the best...
BDUBS is overrated.
I feel dismal.
So... my therapist received a delivery of a dozen red roses in the middle of our session
Good morning to the world back on twitter lost my password so I finally figured how to make a new one lol
yeah you should be able to change/add them in notifications.
pulled the window AC unit out of mothballs and put it in bedroom window. Maybe I'll be able to sleep tonight!
Hope you're having a Happy Mother's Day!
are u a fan of cheers? I started to watch season 7 and I'm addicted :)
Shoutout to who's working super hard on his Music Video #S.E.X.X. :)
For what its worth, that list is voted upon by his peers
I do that. Musicians, mainly
we do rubric assessment of the products/process, a narrative report card and a standards based assessment
The Quiet Man On Fire
#Browns gotta start out fast, beat back early wave of emotion from #Raiders team. Take crowd out of game early and they have a chance.
got my confirmation as well today. See you there!
#IReallyMiss that show fanatic that came on
Saw a screening of Hysteria with Maggie Gyllenhaal (love her!) and Hugh Dancy. Great performances, fun movie. See it when it comes out!
I don't expect anyone 2 apologize but shows some class when they do & it's sincere. Different when directed at politicians.
I guess I'm going to Pulaskii County next week
Double aw!
Playing catchup after a busy weekend!
Food hubs employ 7 full time and 5 part time employees, on average. - Deputy Secretary Merrigan
About to clean my shower with natural, homemade concoctions. Fully prepared to be annoyed when they are totally ineffective.
Ain't tryna love you baby, just fuck you instead.
We always knew May was a busy month for school tours, but check this out: 1/3 of the school kids we see each year will be here this month.
“Education is the mother of leadership.”- Wendell L. Willkie
"An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory."
she out here workin hard for the money in 2012, Young Keith
Any cute ideas on who replaces Mat Gamel at 1b the rest of '12? Ishakawa? D-Lee? LaPorta?
For Good will be on repeat all day today.
#RT now listening to Bizzle God Ova Money on repeat follow me and I will def follow u rite back ;)
Great First Day at BAO. Love the culture already. just lots of fun . . . very refreshing
Never heard of a couple breaking up cuz of sum they saw on Twitter ....
Future Foster Parents
ME TOO!!!! LOVE THE VOICE
Okay, I look ratchet though so don't judge <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
What is the term for a college where all the people who run it are clowns? Clown college just doesn't seem to cut it.
Mutual admiration!
you look really relaxed!! Lol
Turn #mundane to #mindful at work How? Be #aware & sensitive to your body, feel your breathing, focus eyes afar, stretch those fingers/hands
Friendly reminder...PRICES INCREASE ON WEDNESDAY! Register by midnight on Tuesday to save. Please remind your friends. Don't miss out!
good luck! I really picked the best weekend to visit NYC. Atleast I'm not in an evacuation zone...
good luck!!! Keep me posted!!
haha I love it!
i am getting ready to get a workout in, later i will get ready for my class...have a great day all!!!
Last night dinner at "Crazy Rock'n'Sushi" with mama bear was great! Now brunch :D
let me see them (Rangers) win in postseason before calling them team to beat in AL. They have never won a postseason series
Party is on tonight!!
Oh great! Sarah's not running for president! Now, what are we going to do for fun?
#dhdebates Fish's Interpretative Communities are a part of my theory base!
Shout out to my fam and friends :) ,
no :( haha. Waiting on my bf or a job. I would <3 2 do hairdressing at Paul Mitchell but Empire in Elizabethtown, Kentucky is fine
Yeah, I've been very stress lately. How are things going?
so many jokes. So little time.
Looking forward to the Grand Challenge conversation
posted pics of him! i would run...but I think I'm allergic....;)
I sorry...mayb next sat??
Come to blackbird for your post Brewer, Circus parade, and frolics festivities. I have cheap RW Stein and Schlitz taps. 2-4-1 wells. Awesome
Help us fund Vegan 101 series Season Two. www.indiegogo.com/joannemrose1 Take a look out our rewards!
you just now doin that?
The Wilton classes are great! Those were the first classes I took 20+ yrs ago, b4 I started teaching and selling weddng cakes
I like it! It's rich but tasty. Let me know what you think after you've tried some!
What is your favorite product?
I like the one without your hand in your hair!
B rose
I'm kind of dying to know whats your favorite record of all time. I do mean Record. Top to Bottom....GO!
Cheat on me by "accident" nd ill leave u on purpose. Laugh at me like im joking nd watch me walk away like its funny.
cuz I gotta workout :(
i'm just saying you could do better
Finding your passion is an endless song.
I truly hate this class
Wondering what happens when more than 25 app developers by guaranteed top 25 robotic-desktop-download campaigns. It could be happening now!
you are going to #SF? No way -- thinking about moving there this summer. Don't lost your East Coast edge :)
Congrats CHAOS!
If you don’t have critics, you probably don’t have success either.
You get the best out of others when you give the best of yourself. - Harvey S. Firestone ()
I spent the last 3 miles pondering when i lost my childhood mojo and became an adult. Loved your post today.
There's something about Fridays in downtown #PDX. Perfect day for that #Bao!
PickUpLine: I'm not an expert in hardware, but I know that you'd be able to screw my nuts off.
..say yes not no...the club is overated lets not go..lets stay home...burn a couple calories..fuck the house up make the maid earn a salary
So tired of negativity, let's be happy ;)
I think I can get some dark contact paper to put over it or something. Very annoying.
C'mon Hawks! Shoot high short side.
Nice Seattle weather we're having in DC today
He'd better! FOUR TOUCHDOWNS IN A SINGLE GAME!
The show in Indy next week...is it free?
I stalk people over the internet.
I got my mom an early mother's day present :) flowers and body butter haha
yeahh I remember you asking him and he took like two days to say no. FAIL
Heard about so many great ideas and projects that could have potential at my workplace. Now have to decide which to focus on!
Quarter to 3 and I can't get to sleep. Lay here and think, or get up and get some work done?
"Eli the Giant Killer": he beats the undefeated and the favorite, with the flick of the wrist......or with a pick 6 with a dumb look.
I literally just stroll through the door at 10:30 at night and no questions asked. this is actually great :'D
does the game cost ?
oh, chyle I thought it was already happenin. smh.
Is anyone in Athens drinking tonight?
Also, when are they bringing you on as a guest?
Aw.. that awkward moment when Shay goes in the bedroom and her man has a furry on...haha
Also if you like chocolately coffee like drinks get a mudslide (tgif brand) its really good and you can't taste the liquor
as in PARTNER IN CRIME
how come people only love u or miss u when its convenient for them?
Oh it's gunna be so #leftright in the Eug. On my way friends.
shout out to good people right here y'all need to check em out and start following
I promise with everything I have that I'm never going anywhere :)
"When you deceive to do good, the long term effect is evil." - PRI the World, 3/19, on whether it's ok to exaggerate to raise awareness.
Awh, I won't let that happen to you, Andy [:
they have one in Dallas too?
"You Can't Hide What's In Your Heart."
Where will you be eating lunch tomorrow?; so I can thank you in person for doing so much for the Tigers.
I think Cougar Town S3, having been filmed in its entirety before the season premiered, has been incredible.
Just after 5 in New York, the happiest hour. We're outside drinking champagne and St-Germain. Send us a photo of your cocktail setting.
I don't know. It's just how I am.
oO! It's cold outside! Warm up your weekend with some jalapeno poppers, a mere $6.99 for 6! Spicy friday!!
CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR NEW YOUTUBE CHANNEL, FACEBOOK PAGE AND REVAMPING OF YOUR WEBSITE AND TWITTER ACCOUNT!
i think toast left gs...
We have snow
can't let stupid shit get to me, if i'm going to survive in this world '
all the best to you Rudy! You will be very successful!
I have some exciting news! I'll be attending a Disney event next month for BRAVE and CARs Land! #BraveCarsLandEvent Post to come!
wats up doe?
the awkward moment when your stalker is in the bathroom.
Z-Bo's airball on a point blank lay-up made me LOL
Wow #Chicagobears wow
FW quote: "Let's start a business so we can be together 24/7 -- like crazy people!"
"All is Fair in Love and Twitter"
consider this my notice of copyright and/or trademark for a new group: "Readers without Borders" (sadly most relevant here in Ann Arbor)
#SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet.. Will that #SOMEDAY me now? <3 3
I only retweeted that because I'm in love with Ian but none of you are moms so...
Bwahaha! I remember when it was Enchanted Village. “: Disney World isnt going anywhere.... I mean we have Wild Waves lol”
Ok... Whats on your mind ?
It makes Monday fun....and that takes some doing. Glad you enjoy.
When are you going home?! :o
gym. work. miami. solid wednesday.
Thanks for your support !
why does she question anything i do when i only want what is best for her
Woahhh, can you believe we're in May already!? Holy smokes, time is flying by this year
Taking some time each day to enjoy the beautiful SoFlo weather. Took a longer than normal walk this am and was late for work!
and its convertible <3 love this car :)
Have you signed up for the NABJ Chili Challenge? Email Precious Little at right now for more information! :)
please notice me T.T
I've had such an awesome response to my "Adventures With Flat Robin." it even caught the attention of herself! #MyDayWasMade :-)
Full of smores n weenies. Nice bonfire:-)
Looking fwd to attending this Friday's #marketing committee mtg w folks #Loudoun in Northern Virginia + making new friends
thanks I'll be calling you from my cell 4437590940. John
Do not fear going forward slowly; fear only to stand still.
Hi there
yes thank you :)
When you have kids, and you are trying to get them to go to bed, a 60 minute show turns into 90 minutes
A big thanks to & the UGA Hispanic Student Association for hosting me on Saturday night at Spring Gala. So proud of you guys!
11 Musical Highlights for the 2011 FABULOUS Tony's TONIGHT 6/12 on CBS starting at 8pm in San Diego! If you enjoy theatre you MUST be there!
came all the way down to the reading room: "come get dumplings with us!" My friends are so fab.
No windows, just light scoops at best. The 'house' is set in a crevice. It is cool. Just not for me.
Well sdsu football took a blow
i DM'ed you
I'm not sure what I like better - the spring temperature that make me want to roll down the window or the taxi driver's BO that forces me to
Happy new year cuzzo
#God give me a strength today is not a good day
56 minutes on my laptop, 22 percent on my phone ... saying that over a call that just failed. Here's to being disconnected!
Make sure you get out to vote tommorrow. DC Primary for Ward 4,7,8 and At-Large. Exciting times in DC RT
Haven't watched any soccer games today. What's wrong with me
xoxo Joel! Hope you are well
suspects her mailman doesn't come every day.
No greater concern than concussions according to Richard Bertelson from NFLPA
huge thanks to everyone who came out last night, see you guys next month!
Ugh! So sleepy but everytime i hear a slight change in the wind my eyes fly open. I hate storms@ night!
Reason is the natural order of truth; but imagination is the organ of meaning
Start booking your Holiday services with us early. Call today: 904-824-9804
so I'm an elephant now?
Get the stretcher out!! Bosh's groin got dislocated!
So who won?
haha i love victorious!!!
you're dorky, in a good way.
#This girl too!
tomorrow I get to go to Ball State and hang out with some friends :) I can't wait!!
i love you too :)
Forget where I heard that story but I'd swear it was from someone who was at G'town with him. I also choose to believe.
and his jacket just fell from the sky.
Had a fun lunch catching up with our old friend Chris Hannon at LitFuse today.
aww sometimes being alone helps you find out who you really are and who want to be though because you have time to think
Pittsburgh 78, Penn 58 Penn coach Jerome Allen and Pittsburgh coach Jamie Dixon talk about the Panthers' win over the Quakers at the Pale
Jesus hair <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
RT : RT : BREAKING: North Carolina's anti-gay marriage amendment (amendment 1) has passed -
you were supposed to have classmates give you feedback and then post the final. I pulled it out of email.
#supportlocalmusic Live random tracks. Only a few more likes till 2000 on Facebook. go like us.
nothing's ever what it seems to be.
Not an Urban Oufitters shopper because of their prices. But their photography in their ads are top notch!
Winding down teaching this night class.
Any UofL fan that claims he isn't jealous of UK's recent success is legitimately lying.
I'll be featured in a segment on Tucson Fox 11 Daybreak Show tomorrow from 7-9am. I haven't seen it yet, lets watch it together!
Hope u had a geat St. Patricks Day tweeters! We love the Irish!
yes king
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Karlee Winecoff on the 18U sand program for 2012.
Yeah your really defeating the label, keep tweeting kylie how you hate her...
Next 15 years= greatest amt of wealth transfer ever: prepare 2 serve: Wm High Giving Fund
It's never good when your home announcers are talking about the infield dirt (in detail)
I Hope Your Voice Gets Better! Just Wondering, What Do I Have To Do To Get A Tweet Or A Follow? (: PS: I Love You(:
Off to bed fantastic PPV tonight and will miss you ): X <3
I go on rides where there are multiple double bikes and TWO triple decker bikes. Hi.
haha not you honey boo boo child xD
Next stop...50 years
Balls, Philadelphia.
can we get a RT for the Cats vs your Buckeyes in the championship game!
Im awake early because somebody decided to knock on my front door really hard and woke me up thanks a lot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
and when did that mean it's not good? I know more hits that are bad than good
How do we get it to taste SO GOOD? We use amazing imported oils and vinegars. It really is about quality!!
thanks for following. :)
I reeeeeealy should be cleaning my dirty house, but I must make penny jewelry...out of desire AND necessity (orders to fill)! :)
going to N mason belfair resources to share self taught grant writing abilities today with them should be interesting Officer Grant , out
updating expressiaann.com
omg your my new #TeamStefan bestie, i'm guessing your Stelena right?
no, Transmission.
Man, how can we buy your StreetKing T-Shirt and your StreetKing new era cap
Gov. Dayton says on the 5-yard line with Vikings stadium plans. Ah, those last 5 yards are the toughest.
#twitter freak<U+2661><U+2661><U+2661>
we dont use pesticides in our sound booth :D
I don't have money though, so I'm not buying you shit. Lol.
Not going to sleep until I finish this episode of duck dynasty.
thanks 4 supporting the spot!
Nicki Minaj Pepsi Commercial: Rapper's 'Moment 4 Life' Serves as Soundtrack -- Video
just wondering but didn't u say that u had Xbox live?
thak god to see a next day
When will we find out whether our home game is 11/2 or 11/3??
Story time with
You and me both. Football just means bad traffic. :)
FIGURES! First post I read after going on restriction should TOTALLY be favorited.
2nite the biggest halloween party goes down inside holdin it down!!!!
Hey I need more followers wanna help me out?
You've been on a such a creative streak with the last few albums, a standard review just didn't seem right.
Morning convos with Zai be interesting <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I'm listening to "I'm Reppin (D-City)"...This track is crazy...Definitely got this on rotation in the whip.
You used the word "seem" twice in 11 words.
Indeed. The heat is on!
I try to say eponymous at least once a day.
I tweet @ people who don't know me. I'm a Hufflepuff!
Paddling out with now!
Sorry - stuck in my head and the only way to get it out is to play it...#NowPlaying LMFAO – Party Rock Anthem on
Trading truck in soon for 2010 ford fusion soon
<U+270C>I rest my case. <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A8>!! Like a mini tire in the trunk..#SpareMe...*rolls in the covers and smiles at the Mrs*
We had a talented instructor who helped the students challenge their body, mind in an Afro-Haitian dance & of course Kizomba!
follow :D
Mom didn't even get mad
with jeff green gone will you represent the legends and leaders or just admit that acc basketball is better
me and think u should have your own show <3
I have a friend who has become a Words With Friends hermit. Won't accept a game from anyone.
lol u believed us lol get ur ass here I still wanna do ur nails
What am I supposed to do when the best part of me was always you?
What the hell, Karen?
Much aloha, Chrishell!
Totes miss Thankfully i found a remix
such a stud at the bar <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
looks like I'm your first follower--what an honor. You won't recognize my Twitter handle, but on ArtFire I'm Torque Story.
I don't want to say goodbye to Glee. I want everyone to stay and it continue like they're in high school forever <3
lol George Idk u could rap -Big T
I JUST WATCHED 'S MOVIE NSN again . AND I LOVED IT ;) <3 LOVE YOU BIEBER!!!!!!!!!!
WAZ GOOD BRO
I'm pretty sure I just became a Mumford & Sons fan. I think it's the banjo...
Distinguished Young Women of Greater Baltimore scholarship program is looking for H.S. junior girls to compete! Message me!
Cotton Tale Designs Pirates Cove Toy Bag
dude, what happened to your avatar? That was awesome. Maybe bring back for budget comm days or key votes?
In court in beautiful FL keys
Glad you enjoyed the campus tour! What were the highlights for you?
ya I guess it's at least worth a shot lol
find the light. find it and keep it lit.
Awe, thank you! So are you<3
Having 5 on the weed is not acceptable. Holla at the loonies wit that.
hahah. One Direction isn't following you. Those are fake accounts. Ahaha
u beat me to it Joey lol I was right about to say but no rings haha
Rankings don't lie in the MWC.
I think my account has been hacked-yikes! Please know I do not send spam.
Yeah, and it's so good! Check out her cover of Shelter by the XX, and her song Young Blood... LOVE HER!
Lubna, thank you again for adding our posts for your daily news on twitter! Have a great weekend.
RT : I don't condone fighting its a terrible thing<< *raises the bullshit flag* WW3 nuff said lol
Anne McCaffrey~ Make no judgements where you have no compassion.
guess ill be seeing u later tonight
How are you? Stay strong, love. <3
I wish I knew the answer to that one
We do! And also learn from you to find the times where a reminder is most effective for you.
PTI: "75% chance of no basketball being played next season."
Hey now!! Don't be hatin! :-) “: English majors #smh”
God repair and fix brokenness. Broken spirits, hearts, marriages, and families. Restore Daddy! Restore!
good luck tomorrow!! Look forward to hearing about it!!
co-own or have it? lol
Ah prom is next week!
someone who should seriously take the video down, lol
yep.... Jealous, enjoy your time buddy!!
Its amazing how ones day comes to a screeching halt when ones cell phone ceases to function properly.. Sucks too.
fine then I wont
The new Sherlock Holmes, Benedict Cumberbatch, was also in Masterpiece's The Last Enemy
hoe you will go here there and everywhere stop it
Givng up about 10 points on handicap. They should cover that easily
Bruce, you are truly groovy. No misnomer there. I wish you tremendous happiness and health brother!
Fireman fire hot
thanks to OCLC for joining #THATcamp Bay Area as presenting sponsor. So many folks, like , helping make this event possible.
Yes, exactly. See? You get it! :P Text me, has me on text alert, and is probably getting annoyed, haha.
'the speakeasy caucus will be meeting...by the halal cart'
By your definition Trent Dilfer was a better QB than Dan Marino.
I wanna go to the movies -.- maybe later :)
thanks, & others for helping announce Accessibility Camp DC on Oct. 9 in Washington D.C. Register - www.accessibilitycampdc.org
Thanks to everyone for making the #tnla12 conference a great experience! We'll see you next year in Chattanooga!
OMG. was just catching up on old tweets and saw you threw out a "go blue!" WHERE DID THAT COME FROM?! :)
I saw the booth, I wasn't sure if they were sampling or what?
congrats! Sounds like an awesome gig!!
my Windows Phone is taking so long to update :(
oh MY pleasure wink wink
Dumpin out that yeyo, sniffin all it up. Go ahead and hate her, cause everybody does
All things must pass is by far the best of the 3. RT : (I ask because I can't do it.)
Saw u on Wed night gr8 show!! RT : I hope everyone who saw us last night wore protection.
i've got respect for dice clay, but he's kind of a dummy.
lol everyone makes it out to seem that way. I'd rather go alone if I don't have a bf loll
Each day, there are over 120 million sexual intercourse taking place all over the world
picture time? Haha , & what other chick wants me to? Lol
that sucks! Do u want me to send u new pics of me? Lol
and are at the #AMAcauseconference pre-event!!!
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
Yes, will do that! Thanks :)
big congrats on the big news. Already thought highly of the Verge, now they'll be on my daily web tour
#fridayreads TALES OF THE DYING EARTH, ALREADY DEAD (Denis Johnson), THE HISTORY OF CLOUDS
If anyone needs me I'll be in the bathroom.
Performing the monologue: It's Ralph tomorrow at the showcase along with a scene from the play Impromptu. Excited :)
The time has come to get my shit together.
24 days to shooting. Much to do, but we are going to be ready for a great experience!
will be sad if you miss it
Do yourself a favor: Get a cookie from B & C, pair it with a pint of Vanilla Porter (on special tonight). Your smile will be thanks...
U ready to see what I wore hehe ;)
We have crabcakes today! Soup of the day...Italian Wedding. See you for lunch.
is it the wind and pollen making you feel like crap? or was it the Jaeger? Go ahead and blame it on mother nature
Easy there.. Its coming, and will be worth the wait!
And we're psyched to have you in Charm City! RT Psyched to be heading down for
Why is staying on property in Orlando more economical than staying on property in LA? I <3 staying at the Grand Californian.
EXACTLY. RT : what will be doing on the weekends . . . besides not being on the 4th Stringcast?
Eyes getting low, I'm getting sleepy
Neermind. And in other news, I missed the first 15 mins of my online reference shift. I'm also scheduled at the ref desk during my hour.
RIP Adam Yaunch of the Beastie Boys.
that hello kitty tattoo is gonna kick ass
thank you, Amber!
Gomez at Short? Is this real life?
Choir performance tonight!!! #LETSDOTHIS!!!
I love my sis
RT : Rep. Gwen Moore endorses Tom Barrett in Wisconsin Dem primary for Scott Walker recall.
But I only eat hers tho:)
TGIF a happy Friday to all, the weekend is finally here, You know success is based on your feeling of accomplishment not on others approval
#GreatestAlbumsofalltime Face the Music '76 Electric Light Orchestra
;) Airsoft Guns ? Have Fun With Guns and Know the Differences handguns
Bored as af!!! & can't go to sleep.
Let me get this straight: So the dude in the pirate outfit in "Fast Times" directed the "Stop Kony" video?
aye yall dont be scared to add me anytime ill follow back as well,god bless everyone-S.Beyond
yes you'll have to skip scenes.
tweeted Sunday that she had finally moved then 24 hrs later was on Assembly floor to get "honored".
Will be up at 5am to buy lawn tix for Duran Duran at tomorrow. Why? Cause I'm hungry like the wolf!
I don't think I'll ever get over him...
As long as the music plays
Didn't they bounce back from a triple OT loss?....I think that was this series...I could be wrong.
No sir, it is me. You, me, and mike talked about college loan butt rapings on wednesday at bbi.
How much is too much?
did you #workout today? #eat clean? want to join my challenge May 1st, ask me how :) there are some dvds for 20 bucks!
what's checkout?
So glad to hear that! We look forward to seeing you again soon!
He blocked me pretty good but I schooled him too! lo!! RT “: did Josh Turner take it easy on u guys when playing bball? Lol”
got 2 go to bed skool marrow and got health thank god
Caffeine, I can't quit you.
very good! Lots of time w/family.
The tin box is rockin it in echo park tonight by sunset and lemoyne. Come on by and watch us wrestle a bear.
Wow. Good for them! We can't even imagine what 2 FTE would look like – heck, 1 FTE! – much less 5.8.
": Tanning todaayy" me too!
You say that as if there's any other kind. Even my gay friends love boobs.
Check out some our members personal twitters!
I'm not a fan of Phillip. I'm tryin but I just cant.. Nice stage presence but thats it to me besides him being a musician.
Looks like the Heat will Waltz to the finals through a battered East
so true. Hammerheads were my second favorite
Sammy Harman, the only "out" transgender male at Whitman high school is my hero!! Thank you Sammy!
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
Who's that hanging from the gallow tree?/ His eyes are hollow but he looks like me...
Excited for tomorrow :)
Looks like all that fresh air yesterday did me in. Sick as a. . . really sick person.
When you share an account with Netflix will recommend "films with a strong female lead."
please stay over there, person in zildjian shirt
Thanks to the walkers and supporters (including & Kevin Faulk) who made NSTAR's Walk for so successful!
It's really sad when 5 comes and goes and you don't notice. Sadder still when you don't care.
gave a guy my sunglasses because I'm a nice freaking guy
Why waste time having this rusty and junk car in your yard? Just trade it in for cash
Pauly d looks like Doug funny
>.< noone cares that im dying? reply to this if you care!
"If you don't have all the answers, you don't have all the questions." -Michael Bell, UW-Madison sociologist
Justin Bieber, Jay-z, Beyonce, Stevie Wonder, Nick Jackelson, @ NBA All Star Game
Save water,Drink beer:p
Thanks! As I'm sure you know, packing is a bitch :-/
This is life. Sit happens. Don't question why. Just simply deal with it, in the best way. Stay positive. And be strong. (what I tell my ...
this is gonna b amaseballs
I get to go back in June!!! I really miss cheap(er than new orleans) regional midwestern beers, hills and baseball
Me too. But its all good. Ill hug you when I see you LOL
Orlando Museum of Art lets public choose exhibit
NEW TRACKS ARE UP ALL OVER THE NET! WWW.MYSPACE.COM/ROSELLABAND Did you know our newest member? His name is Mike, he punishes drum heads.
Or shall I say people on Facebook are childish.
nice to be spoiled for choice when it comes to state parks!
Hearing about 's engagement as a board member. Great example of using a personal brand for good. Kudos, sir.
I'm with you on that. Tomorrow can only be better.
I just ate two hot pockets.
Zee point, she is taken. Your best since
The more powerful an explanation, the more difficult it is to see what it is obscuring. Saskia Sassen.
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire
Tebow has nothing on Lin. Comparisons are insulting.
#BecauseOfGaga being weird as shit means you being cool as shit
What's Goody lil momma what you up 2 !!
After yesterday's large snow storm I'm waking up 2 a spectacular Park City, Utah morning - today would be the day to go skiing
. I disagree that debt stance serves Romney, because his solution is austerity....that having been said, I hope he bites
I have done what everyone should do once in there lives: Attend a GWAR concert.
Where's your partner in crime? Yoohoo :::waiving furiously::::
m. That does sound good. I've put in a call. I should have and answer for you soon!
Today's a new day. What r u gonna make it?
scotch egg, Greman chocolate pancakes, devised eggs.... Yum, brunch was great!
true. but at the same time, we could be learning with them. Respect goes along way. (a topic i'm researching for my thesis)
Go Bulls!!
u are a gal that knows how to make things happen! My hero!
that's a neat idea... I wonder if they're planning to allow user generated content
" chicken is not a living thing!. Its a plant !!!
A life making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing at all.
brother sent us pictures from his pod/cell at king county work release. It really made me miss my cell. #DidIReallySayThat?
I get really confused when I a biz operating on FB as a personal profile and not a page. Are there benefits to this? Or is it just laziness?
You better begin your birthday weekend when i begin mine! :P
#ThingsMyExSaid "you'll never find someone else like me" ..well that was why i left you
Happy Friday!
Hello, New York. I just saw you the other day but I was in a hurry. Now, we can sit and talk.
sorry, we have only a fan page so we can't really add you on FB. I would if we could though!
It's brutal that it took me 7 years before I seriously tried grinding poker without any radio/music/television competing for my focus.
s/o for 100 and being awesome
Titanic 3d what
Now , watching Poetic Justice(:
Oh, how I miss it...
The panties appear to have made a long pit-stop in Vegas. I feel so helpless.
It's always business hours somewhere!
just received a whole box of Levi's t-shirts...I feel a promotion coming on
Looking for an honest web designer that is a straight shooter call Sven at www.icmltd.biz you will be glad you did.
Anyone seen #CabinInTheWoods yet? Worth seeing in the theater or wait for DVD?
New dashboard install is buggy. If stuck getting online, keep logging in and out until it allows you to accept terms and conditions.
#BarryGlazerTweets RT : DON'T RAIN ON MY PARADE UNLESS IT'S THE RAIN PARADE IN WHICH CASE NO PEEING
#Create a plot to get tha
Did you know vinegar and water can be used to clean lots of things. I use Malt Vinegar to give the house that nice Long John Silvers smell.
Is #EricCantor giving us "blue steel"?
That is a slanderous statement, suh! Watch your tongue or I shall have to challenge you to a duel!
I LOVE ME (: more than anybody else could!
I'm not gonna spam you 5,000 times, but I just wanna say how much you inspire me to be real. Laugh a lot, & just be me. :)
oh and thank you! :-)
i think she thinks I be talkin shyt about her and I don't
counting on it. Let's Get Dizzy!
Phew!! Finished shipping all of our supplies to Houston for TLA 2012
Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it. ~Helen Keller
You know music is good when you turn it down a little and crave a louder volume. Foo Fighters - Wasting Light.
Thanks everyone for the congratulations! I am dancing around my apartment like Zooey Deschanel in the iPhone 4S commercial lol
the early bird gets the worm :)
Karl Malone is the best b0$$ ever
aww i just saw this-you're the best!
Drop it to the floor make that ass shake girrrllll
I bet the scariest sound out there is a deaf person having an orgasm
;) RT Hey have yall tried eggfast on 12 n high it stay open 24hrs best breakfast n city f*** wafflehouse
Cant wait till the hunger games comes out
Speaking at@ tangibleireland this morning about how Irish entrepreneurs can set up US businesses
RT : Sr. Customer Assistance Representative - Albuquerque Airport at Enterprise Rent-A-Car (Albuquerque, NM)...
Im Hot SummerCamp
...but then I tried the camera's USB cable & it fit! Victory is mine! \o/
Thanks Sheri! It's like u have a "Memphis 6th sense": was having coffee w/Justin Key when I got your tweet!
Has been for a while. Good guy. Better burger!
Googlemaps bike function, so sweet Input: 21 California Missions. output: 927 turns, 805 miles-Off to the touring bike, CU in March!
Music is totally on point right now, Jason Mraz & Train <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
GOOD NIGHT TWITTER FAM! !!!!
Brunch today ladies??
Saw & at Runyon. They said u were in a "meeting". You're so Hollywood now. 24/7 son.
Heading to til Monday then to in NYC... Well alright. #rock&rolllifestyle
Back at home. Watching "Game of Thrones" than my "Borgias".
we have a mobile, interactive reality platform (a live, streaming RV) and ideas for reality games for good. Lets talk
You can go fuck yourself, the more intimate of well-wishes.
oh we will be singing it!
That was corny lol..
While seeing a ling trailer get peeled like a sardine can is cool I am glad that no one was hurt.
nawh nigga, you got thefancy and shit. foh sean garret with that fat ass nose.
At the gym. All alone. Boo.
We hope you enjoy it! Happy ereading!
I'm going to put a 1 in front of the time and pretend I'm getting to bed at a decent hour.
it's ok just do 2,050th tweet :)
ahh by that, do you mean as in culturally/ritually?
I talked till the battery died lol RT : good seeing you at 13th & Brickell but as usual you where on the phone! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
FOUND WRITING TAPE OF ME AND EDDIE BROWN WRITING HARDHEADED. INFECTING GROOVE, WE WILL DO FOR HOMELESSDOGMUSIC. PLEASE EDDIE TWEET IN
I always think the Quicken Loans spot is for Proactiv.
WHAT?! omg...how did i get here... RT : Hanging out with
getting off twitter for a few bbl bbs
Dear Yankees: And that's what it feels like to be FISTED! BOOM!
#Supernatural Yeah, pretty good one, too...I'm sure they'll replay it.
When you have multiple fantasy teams, you tend to pick a favorite one, don’t you? It’s okay to admit it, we all do it.
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak--Epictetus
With the world ending tomorrow, I am trying hard to get things done. Nothing like a "drop-dead" date in a schedule to get me motivated.
Send a Birthday Cake as easy as www.SendaCake.com
Pickin up my little cousin from high school.. Makes me miss Marian
He's everything I could ever want in someone<3 he's perfect in my eyes<3
We've shipped the latest issue of the Storybook Home Journal (Vol. 11 No. 3 - Greyfriar's Bobby) - we'll post more details tomorrow
That is dumb! Withey's turnovers are more likely to effect the outcome. Over/under for me is 5
Almost Lunch time (:
I Love You Mickie:)
#pathetic fuckin people lemme tell you
Wow thats awesome. my xbox sucks comapred to that one lol xD
:-) MT : Congrats Chris! RT : Peoplefluent Promotes Chris Caldon to SVP, Marketing & Strategic Sales
What did God say after creating man? I can do better.
Pretty sure I have like 4 cavities on the same tooth.
and no research shows harm
When you start things in Life look to where it leads you in the end!
Yeah, the egg looks really big when you see how tiny she is. I'm wondering if she will lay another one tomorrow.
*said in comic book guys voice*
no doubt interference
maybe I can write yours if you promise to write mine???...Deal?
finishing up a successful ALA Conference and ready to hit the ground running as FAFLRT President and DCLA President-Elect
:'( you have hurt my feelings. I've been here for almost the entire day.
Seriously wishing your tour was coming to Colorado. If I didn't work full time, I'd make the trek. Love what you're doing. (:
We'll have over 100 talented pro & student musicians on stage today for the CSO/CSYO Side-by-Side concert with & JMR. Rehearsal:
Congrats Phil Humber on perfection!
pick out a Sox shirt! I'm not much of a soccer fan (although the company I work for is the ManU sponsor, haha)...
Its friday my good people ;)
Dearest 2011...you brought a few great moments...but to be honest...I met 2012...and I've decided to move on.
Reading this referal for my young gods behavior the teacher said HE was "really scared" of my 13 yr old sun wowww more to come Im sure of it
Colleges usually reserve 10-15% of their financial aid pool for appeals. NCFS can teach you how to appeal for more aid.
Re: Sales Tax vs. New City Hall: I'd laugh if voters approved city hall and rejected the sales tax (aka the funding for the CH).
"I know every book of mine by its smell, and I have but to put my nose between the pages to be reminded of all sorts of things."
attention/has made an escape/for the free
I've been so lazy with tweeting! On tour right now in Oregon! Playing Corvallis and Portland tomorrow! See for more info!
burnt my finger making shrimp ):
How Language Is Like Fashion: The Case of &#39;Hopefully&#39;
sincerely hopes that stupidity is not catching - or else I'll be a moron by the end of the semester
": Southern Illinois needs to Free Trey Setty. The Salukis refuse to release the freshman unless he gets a 2.6 GPA. Wow
& here I thought you were going to mention my redesign tweet & all the joys we had when we worked on one (or a couple I guess) :)
I love you, Mom.
Working on forms and accounts - sometimes it's just paperwork. Best Wishes to All!
g2g bye love you (:
Where do you even get cargo sweatpants?!
Thanks for continuing to be a loyal customer!:) RT : I've been taking Flash cabs forever. Whenever I was little..
#sox win, beers have been drunk, mass amounts of Chinese food has been eaten. Fuck yeah opening day in Bridgeport.
Just tie a rope or long string to a ceiling fan and tie a doggy toy to the other end of it, turn on the fan, auto doggy runner!
random both I wonder how many times u been dunked on not including me
you should text me
B open for lunch and if you're out this evening at the Monument Puffs&Pastries will be there!
fine with me! Thinking about grumbling from a session yesterday abt improper definition of "archives" -- this crowd seems nicer.
i miss my man too girl...when u see him tell him i said i've been waiting for him for a long time now lol
now following
This Metra train smells like a brewery... I wish I had a beer...
thanks! hope you're joining!
like if you'r black and wouldn't have it no way else
These Ellen/JCP commercials are fantastic
thanks. visited your site. dope!!!
Haha, thanks you too!
this always happens: i msg someone on okc for a date. weeks later he hasn't replied but msgs me on mh for a hookup
JEALOUS! Go # Brewers.
Sound and video checks done.
Give me a second . I needa get my story straight..
Cledus, Thank you for helping to make April a record month here at Elder Ford of Tampa. You guys are the best!
It is great to be getting an AK-47 for Christmas :)
Curse you Flame Alphabet and your angsty signification!
AP:Saints head coach Sean Payton suspended w/o pay for 2012 season by NFL
possible. But sources also say he already entered into agreement with madam sonia.:)
okay what kind of Arizona do you want?
There's nothing to me quite so refreshing as unfettered, candid, practical feedback. More, please.
Children are so innocent and its the parents that corrupt them by their wicked ways
Thanks for posting these great quotes
We see you!
Love the smell of mirepoix on the stove.
Started tonight's ride by forgetting my shoes. Hooked up w/ the guys mid ride & got in a good 25 miles.
Massachusetts made... Vegas paid $$$.... Haha My heart belongs to the East SiiiidddDddDdeee all day!!! Never forget were you came from... <3
Wish I was paid by the word!
RT : Look for a Q&A with the President of in today's Nashville City Paper.
the girl dat backstas me like to be someone shes not she dead better not play her self cus Im guna end up punching her so hard she would fly
When a nigga does you wrong #sometimesyouhaveto let his ass go!!!
Fuck, I have to fix my clothes still.
RT : Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be. -John Wooden
Haha! to both of you
I see no posts or tweets about St. Patty's Day. Do we all just drink beer so much that we don't need a holiday for it anymore?
I DID have an AMAZING time working on #GearsOfWar3 with the crew. #Gears3 ROCKS!
Can you get me a press pass to get into the games....
You do realize the minute you delete them, the need will arise to call one of the removed numbers.
I’m in the same boat. Not exactly holding my breath either...
Since signing up for Klout a week ago, my score went from 10 to 28 to 41. Big deal. It just measures how much I tweet links and who RTs me.
I'd love to hear that there was some sort of effort to clear the ice off of Dekalb Avenue. Because I'm not believing it right now.
I'm trying to eat my Fruity Pebbles, man! xD
Noise proves nothing. Often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles as if she had laid an asteroid.
Please go on dancing with the stars and do the dance DD did last night, It would make a lot of women happy
Wow....the weather outside is bloody gorgeous!
It's also pretty good on other days...:)
What's your favorite local restaurant?
2 difficult to meet a classroom of 30's individual needs, but is there not a halfway where teachers and learners can meet?
You know it's bad sex when you hear the guy say are you gonna cum and she says maybe tomorrow.
Special thanks to for a fantastic tasting event yesterday!
Going to the beach today [: beautiful weather outside. Finally some cold air in Florida! feels like forever.
I want to be your it girl <3
Sometimes I don't tell you what i'm feeling, because I'm hoping the silence between us would give you a clue.
Wishes our offices where open so I could snowboard to work!
#HowToKeepARelationship Do anything the girl says.
lol I'm like Dr. Seuss? Hahaha and I wish that #Maserati was mine!!!
lol when did you take a picture of my socks???????? :O
chem symbol for gold?
hopefully I will be able to go out Saturday!
26 followers til 3k!! Lets get it tonight!! #GoBrowns What do you guys think the Tribe score will be tonight?!
Today is my birthday! Lets get me some more followers!
I know! DIS=amazing website! (sweet twitter too).Flying thru CPH this summer but the journey is packed so can't stay long :(
Hahaha. They're a band...
People are now realizing that white boys are the best?! #wherethefuckhaveyoubeen?! White boys > Burnt negros!!
2 new sister cities: Boring, Oregon meets Dull, Scotland
thx I really need more follower tuck :)
Chocolate shaved ice, mochi, homemade brownie bits (from a no less !) and leche syrup - gets a #bestofsummer stamp
My suite is splitting up, my academic advisor is moving away, I'm not going home for the summer... I can't handle all this
Central Waters is beefing up its lab to prevent future problems and will now swab every barrel to test for purity.
If you or someone you know lives is Houston, TX- than tell them to check me out in The New Movement: Houston Harold Weekend!
your contact form page link doesnt
shit you done told her nae nae and Rochelle got the best of us today
thanks lady. I may or may not have gone a little overboard during undergrad...
Sorry to hear it! You'll be missed.
you better stop "thinking" 2 days after surgery is time for normal daily actions! Shew lil lady!
Send your Paypal reciept to and we will discuss a refund.
April 9th so another week off to be a bum. 8-)
glad to finally meet you too! Looking forward to ECU tomorrow!
Metropolitan #homeless_liaison committee - Demise discusses how this group meets to discuss pike concerns & collaborate together.
oh thats wassup bro..but i think some where in Greece tho
has been such a success that we are extending it until Oct. 31!!! Book ur $50 treatments 2day!
dude did you want to reinvent the genre or learn how to perform it? I find the rubric useful
Definitely a blast-from-the-past, breath-of-fresh-air kind of thing.
Fight gone bad....holy hell that was hard.
we are happy to have you! Welcome to #9920az!
The only thing I seriously want for my birthday right now is for to tell me Happy Birthday!
$2 blue moon drafts all day long. $2 colors light bottles 10-12
hell no
Woke feeling bit grumpy this morning! *sigh*.
Not only do I get to see at home, but I also get
That's the best part! The Natural Science Center is walkable from my house. Goats, sheep, lemurs, tigers, etc. all so close!
Officially the worst day ever!
15 paras. left. 21 paras. for a project?! My history teacher if fuckin nuts. Did I mention I hate having to write about "loving" Hitler?!?!
Distractions from the enemy are inevitable.. After all, that's what he gets paid for!
Also, please give us a "LIKE" on facebook!!! We have a preview of a song!!! facebook.com/missinginalaska
Crocktees T-Shirts (crocktees) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
oh sorry - just assumed you'd be open!
See you there!! with
Happy eReading Bob! Hope you are enjoying The Drop!
you are the best i promise to come to your show one day can't wait love you
A good style should show no signs of effort. What is written should seem a happy accident. - W. Somerset Maugham
I went back and looked. That double on 11 left the lane wide open for 33. Really wasn't poorly conceived possession
“We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.” – Kurt Vonnegut
you suck at driving xoxoxo
now I'm blushing! Dang! ;-)
Michael said he was going to punch me in my uterus. Lmfao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
how about ? RT Looking for names/URLs of serious fitness/nutrionist bloggers. Whatcha got for me? Please RT
HEALTHCARE-What are the 3 "D's" that could change your health ins plan benefits when they occur? Buy your book www.theprofittrap.com
Air Berlin&#39;s 5-Day Sale for Spring/Summer Travel
RT : Sometimes loving yourself is the only person you should be loving...
In 1 week I will be a mess with my faves in #Vegas. I'll also be dying of heat stroke.
Tournament starts at 9pm, located in the upstairs bar at Hennesseys. Thirsty Tuesdays, neone? Cash prizes too. Contact me for deets.
Kids at Disneyland are like drunken college students: They get hopped up, wander aimlessly, bump into people, get ornery, and crash hard.
I LOVE that Ron Paul talks about, in a Republican debate, legalizing marijuana, and that the real problem is RX drugs. Amazing
So weird spending weekends without you all, can't wait until football season!
Anger is a defense mechanism. You are defensive because you are frightened.
Getting a bit o' schooling in Alberta politics & the Canadian system—healthy bit of knowledge for my ignurrunt USA self.
No plans big homie...I get off 9:30. What up wit it?
nothing much just watching tv with friends lol & you?!
REALLY? OMG. Hi Suri's boss! :)
will do
Hate these simpsons they're so boring
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 12, 2012 Julie Andrews ’ Brentwood house isn ’t going for a song The home Andrews owned with her
Thanks Charlie RT : follow u x wine notes
To preregister for salsa class please RSVP at
prob just include bit of cataloging, because occasional change collection codes, etc.
I'm uwake and waching tv
Preparing to welcome Joel Bishop to share the Orange Revolution at
Super Moon on Saturday<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099>
Thanks Rachel, I understand and I am following Lee's argument. (I wrote on Yazoo for my thesis at Columbia last year.)
Good Afternoon Tweeters!!! It's Lin-Sanity time!!!
looking forward to meeting you as well! Can't wait for the fun event!
I *loved* the whole Tower of Genji sequence!! Years of waiting paid off! Yay!
I've been very outgoing lately. I like it ^-^
me too I just wish I could watch it!
All poetic inspiration is but dream interpretation. -Hans Sachs
some days, you really can't win.
"That's okay, I'll all come back to you". Not sure what she means by that but Chris looks like he's about to light her up.
hey I'm here at mad mex already and got us a table.
YESSYESYESYESYES! ...please c:
I hate going into the dentist without my mommy):
wants to play ball with C3.
Me too -- just saw the Smart Bitches article -- I don't even know what to say!
I know! I need some Hilary time! I have our hollyrocks shirt on!
dude, you can finally meet my mom... wtf bro
Happy b-day lilmama have a great birthday wish u best
Anyone in the Austin Are looking for a creative director/consultant let me know.. I have some one looking to make a move.
OMG. OVARIES ARE GONE youre so hot! Can't wait for Believe tour tickets to be released <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
wondering what twitter is all about. seems to me like a place for people without a life to see what other people without a life are doing...
Remember when I said ball usage over/under was 115? There have already been 15 balls used in the 1st inning. Adjust accordingly
My heart beats at the same rate as my music... 140 BPM xD
The Tasting is nearly here! 80 days.
About tumblr favicon: To be honest, I
Thanks for the follow!
I hope you like your text :]<3
Welcome to the #smchi ohana! Our newest PRO member! cc:
If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent Him.
I think Ramos did it and cremated the body :(
Hahahahaha try to f with david west. He's built like ray lewis and boxes in his free time.
When you're in the basement grabbing your shovel, change your furnace filter! You can save up to 40% in furnace electric costs!
Here is a question for you to ponder... What would it take to multiply YOU, especially if you are the greatest asset to the organization.
I LOVE MY FANS <3333
You can do better
follow before she commits!21
"Seattle Mariners Baseball: Rue The Day. " where'd all this offense come from??
Pre-show practice. \m/
I think Jason posted that one lol.
You are the one who laughs first, but.. who laughs last laughs best! and I began my revenge. You started to stop laughing.
Trials come into our lives when God is trying to teach us, lead us or correct us.
So happy for the & the team! Congrats! & more
Anytime! Glad you enjoyed the brews and food.
lmfao oh gosh he ugly<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
hm 4am. how did it get so early/late? oh well. research paper done! now just an exam to finish up for friday and then the weekend!
I'm all over it man
Just ate dinner across from Perry Farrell. Mistook him for Christopher Moltisanti.
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf if you still don't understand the diff between sex and pleasure...how to give and receive it.
is doing great this morning on the radio!
Have a great time in San Juan! Who are you going with? We will definitely meet up when you return.
goodnight. boating in the morning <3 :)
I love all the pictures I get and collected throughout the years. Honestly I don't remember where this one came from.
Running a marathon tomorrow and I have 4 guys that want to breed me today. Guess I'll be stretched out for the race.
Excited to go to the Tech Museum tomorrow in San Jose!
Offshore Finance Broker KMI Opens The Corporate Bonds Market
yes, as we're saying, he's whiny bitch who thinks he's better than he is
Hey Sam
I'm sorta in love with you right now... That pin-up is epic!
Double Helix @ 1am, K Method and Wycon @ 230am, Colby Diodittyz @ 12am. At THE BEAN!! $5 all night. Grand & National.
Zetterberg is the man!!.
East smells like a litterbox. Let's talk about how excited I am to be here for layout.
when r u gonna write the next chapter I can't wait to read it!!!!!!!!
Flyers score another power play goal and make it 2-0 ....
Spinn is the SEO's playground and they are very picky. If you want to do well there you must make sure to never duplicate anything
Shit like that blows me
I carry this mattress everywhere with me for when I get raped. I hate getting gravel in my palms.
Thanks for the follow, keep up the good work!
sorry about tomas - know just sucks to not win. He played great thoug... Such a close match.
A bottle of sparkling DC brut all for me!
" IF" you were hitting the snooze button that's the REAL WAKE UP CALL.... Smh
Today we celebrate Cinco de Mayo, the victory of the Mexican militia against the French army in the Battle of Puebla (1862).
trying out life in a new metro area (moving from Jersey City to SF on Wednesday!)
I have faith, based on Shield, that this will be the case here too, but so far it feels tenuous.
“Do i twatch ? yes . do i get my feelings hurt ? yes . do i learn my lesson ? no . do i twatch again ? hell yea fucking right”
Think that dentists are creepy and sadistic? You’d be right! The person who invented the electric chair was a dentist!
RT : n are your go to for summer gear!
Loving this hashtag “: The Call of the Mild #lessinterestingbooks”
LOL yes sir!
then I got you covered.
New video from Binks Winston comin soon!
And then they did not score a field goal in the last 8 minutes of the game.
Ever since u got that birth control shot u been fuckin up a storm any and everybody..now u in walgreens lookin for the best vaginal cream
your music cheers me up so much, i love you i hope one day your recongise me and follow me!
#LiesBeforeSex no this isn't all i want from you, what we have is magical i just want to take the next step in our relationship
what are you specifically looking for in the winners? I want this so bad...
Proud to be your 200th! We're AOL's deal-of-the-day site, offering 50%-off great places to eat, shop, and have fun in Philly.
as awesome as Mitchell is, I don't want to be a dood.
my heart aches for more than i can give..
That's what's up! Scublife! RT : New "Eviction Notice" mixtape will be available for free download 11.28!!!
great look into startup win culture. likes to gong + Yamm milestones
Chuck Crim comes on and immediately gives up a solo homer to Quinones. Lead down to one after six, 8-7 Brewers.
I'll be tweeting live tonight from the budget hearing. I'm curious to know how cuts in spending will be defended. We'll see
Love the moment, and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
i'm looking again at yr blog & it's the greatest &, wait, what IS "divine hammer" about?
Looks heavenly, my sad chicken taco just doesn't compare.
RT : You've achieved success in your field when you don't know whether what you're doing is work or play. - Warren Beatty
Available to answer ? about how to add affordable screen printing to embroidery shop to increase customer base/profits.
RT is ready to rock fall fashion! Tomorrow is Fashion's Night Out! It's going to be a fun filled night of fashion!
beautiful morning here in Vegas...
Get yo boogie on!! I always makking on a bitch!! Lol
hope rafa's got some electrolytes... he's gonna need a lot of replacement
Well shoot! I'll make for ya soon, and that's a promise!
Drake playlist on
I'm super glad we went to the show tonight! I'm also glad you, me and Justin shoved pizuttis in our faces. How do you spell that?
Watching the Golden Globes now...what did I miss?
how u doing
the last 10 pounds are always the hardest to lose - AWESOME tips for combating the struggle!
Council committee grills mayor&#39;s office in courthouse furniture dispute
I slick wana go to the lil fair in front of the raleigh mall! I need a date tho
will you be around tomorrow? if so, come by.
i dont want relationship i jus want a night
hey justin all i want for xmas is you
had a great audition today, used the new techniques I learned at and it felt great!!!
i can not believe Rachelle went home tonight. that's just wrong. nicole should have voted for the best act on the save me song. RACHELLE
Chillen With My Baby... :) Had A GREAT Thanksgivng Break.. Now 2 More Weeks For Christmas Break.. OMG Ima Miss Her...
Hey buddy! Everything is going really well! How are you doing? We need to catch up soon! (CC: )
OMG the #GIRLSTALKINBOUT video is amazing!!!! I love it!<U+2665>
HAHA looking quite handsome there :-)
manifested hives not 20 minutes into her workday.
thanks for all the retweets and mentions!
teehee you iz a smart cookie! ;)
i beat them all at knock out today!!! in there faces ! :)
no...that beard is turrabule.....did you know they were taking it?
thanks for the props on IOBY during your presentation.
RT : RT "If you make a choice that goes against what everyone else thinks, the world will not fall apart" <U+2665> Oprah
Haha thank you My last tweet was botched
Yes! It's always worth the wait. Completely off subject, but I think Kai needs a name for his fans.<3
Checking now if there's video to share RT : Is there a link to archived footage of your Social Media Week talk?
I've never thought any less of even with the whole marriage thing. Like she says, "[She's] only human..."
I don't mean to brag, but my wife was the hottest mom on the Swiss Avenue home tour today.
I was just wondering if we were the only country that celebrated it because even I think it's kind of odd that we do lol
Isn't drag all about character?
The hard work is in the development and pre-pro stages before one line of code is ever laid down.
just cuz I love you. Less than 2 days and I will (kinda, maybe) really be in the #entourage! I can't wait!!!!
he does have a horrible sense Of humor (but thinks he's hilarious)
RIP Whitney Houston. My condolences to her friends and family.
If your music isn't where you want it to be...that's just because you haven't called us!
Ok. I guess you can tell Im not making tracks today. But im making money!!! O and anybody who has done bizz with me thank you.
headed to the game, gotta get this crowd loud tonight!!!
Kylie Morgan hitting the stage tonight, come check her music out and grab a nice cool one in honor of this beautiful day.
#kids Dallas Zoo Plant Sale at Dallas Zoo, Sat, May 12 9:00a: Support the Zoo’s horticultural efforts and pick up some great botanical...
Home Depot's sign says they have "patio pot" for sale. Hm.
The canned food aisle scares me.. Where's all the boozzzzeee, again?
In opening remarks, Congr. Lungren (R. CA) emphasized awareness about cyber threats, particularly threats to power & transportation grids.
If you're attacking your market from multiple positions and your competition isn't, you've all the advantage.
What's the name for the still image that's frozen onscreen prior to hitting play on a YouTube (or any other) video service?
Just ate my lunch like an effing savage.
I'd keep it simple to start, and let readers choose!: "View in our online reader, or download the PDF"
so true! I like that!
My 5YO: Dad, I know I used to be all into ATV's and stuff but I'm over that. Now I'm all about Jet Packs!
Testing cross posting #sl ~socialistr/developers
HA! Thanks Matt - nice to meet you Gini! I look forward to picking your brain
It changes everything! RT ... I'll be interested to see how "new" media (FB/Tw/G+, etc) fits in to your strategy.
you need 1 more!!!
In the province of the mind, what one believes to be true either is true or becomes true. -John Lilly
Had to go to my little sisters rescue this morning glad she's okay
My four-year old just yelled at me bc I said good morning to him. Ah, parenthood, a lovely slap in the nads to start the week.
having an anxiety attack in this flvs live lesson shit is pissing me off
I Learned not to question God.. Just accept all his blessings!!.. Thank you baby Jesus!! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
OK, keep trying -thanks..
RT : I wonder if the Mississippi "personhood" and Ohio union votes reflect an electoral shift in a more progressive direction.
The anthology my essay is in just got a review in The Atlantic and was a March Staff pick at FlavorWire.
My mom got mad because I called her a bitch. What a bitch.
Google "BYU Learning Suite" to find it. Pretty cool the way they approached the architecture for ed tech there.
Yes mam I tired of being unsatisfied lmao
Throwing in the towel
I've spent so much time reading about #wulgus that I forgot that I have to be on a bus to NYC in an hour, whoops
The feeling of finally having money >>>>>
3 of my clients have been robbed in the last 2 weeks. It's sad when you have to rob the mentally/physically handicapped
I didnt have to present today. Im so cool.
#GoodLifeSaturdays tomorrow!!! I'm indmixxx lets get it!!!
Yo! on INSTAGRAM! see you there ;)
im not sure
Lmao, today was amazing :'D
I HAVE SCHOOL OF :) WOOOOOOOT <3 saw the lucky one today!!!! <3
The U.F.O. I seen was about 10 ft in height & maybe 15 ft. wide, it looked like a shiny oval shaped silver pin ball.
Goodnight! Sleep well when it's time to close those beautiful eyes. Sweet, sweet dreams. :-)
I like your observation - I think we should talk some about data, archives - important in my ongoing work, e.g.
has arrived in #Minneapolis! Follow us to learn how to become involved, join our networking events and much more. Stay tuned!
I get weirded out when there's someone who has 36+ friends in common with me on Facebook, but I don't really know them.
After you've done all you can...
My day was good in the begining but then it got worst near the end
You're very welcome. :)
happy birthday Zelda!
<U+25BA> Finding half a worm.
Teaching the baby to walk is by far the dumbest thing I have done this month!
Dear #HopsandChops -- where are you people? - Signed, Brazen yet Shy Newbie
hey, how have you been?
How in the world did that stay out
RT : And to think Saints owner Tom Benson at one time wanted to move the Saints to San Antonio and the Alamodome!
lol m we need to chill soon again
Wow, I wish I had been more familiar with the lit on colonial scientific networks before I wrote my MA thesis. Many thematic commonalities.
Thanks to our new followers!
i'll be going with my dad, sorry!!
Brings Back Memories :,) The Came So Far. Now Your At He VMA's :)
The murderer is the ultimate capitalist, obtaining free labor for the production of a corpse.
He writes good story lines he's got those honest eye so take him up for just 9.95 he'll sing the songs you like he'll keep you warm at night
": I want an inflatable Christmas orgy scene for my front lawn."
Sisterhood is baking today for the bazaar! YUM bourekas....and lunch for workers for only a buck! Join us!
Just shot 3 videos...editing tonight...Posting video number one tomorrow morning...be on the lookout. :-)
where you been at!?! Got to do some bball sideline for #CIF this past weekend...where u been hiding your talents!?
No, you're a sad person bc u don't care that Wall St. can play whatever games it wants w your retirement $.
Someone needs to .GIF that dive
I really appreciate these shout-outs, Antone, Thanks so much. What can I do to help you?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>“: I have dancers block.”
Yes, may have a trip to DC in late May?
</3noone can look like Austin,but you should get a pic of him&tweet me it tomorrow.lol,i have to go to bed now
"Nuggets" lives.
Got a hole in my hand, had to get 3 stitches.
Suddenly it matters. I.hate when people do.stuff out of spite
Still Waiting For The Day That When I Go In Claires And See Byrce Again lol
Osso Clothing Read the full story on the blog about Osso Clothing's newest team rider- Kayla Beckmann!
thank you!! And thanks for all your help along the way!
you should prepare yourself for an interesting encounter that might well make your heart beat faster.
I look dumb and like a nerd today..
Love makes us overcome the sense of isolation & separateness, yet it permits us to be ourselves
Branding is essentially the process of building relationships. It's all about making people associate you with experiences and feelings.
I bet you're naked under all those clothes you slut ;)
In the 90s... when asked what crime id like to commit. I said Britney Spears!!
“: trafficked women r not illegal immigrants or prostitutes They r exploited prostituted, & enslaved end #slavery”
Saw you purchased some of our DVD training; just wanted to say hello!
Good morning tweople!! <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>
We're only half kidding when we say Grandma is a little crazy.
Time to go to work, Here comes the easter bunny's! It's Time to go hide some eggs. For not having kids I'm always involved! #FeelTheLuv -_-
So what's a good breakfast spot at Grand Central Market?
Broken-heart. Shattered. Unmendable. Pain. Mistrust. Lies. Sneak. A void that just simply seems nonrefillable. I don't know what to do...
I'm alarmed
RT Excellence is not an accomplishment. It is a spirit, a never-ending process ~ Lawrence M Miller
Jus Made It Ta Da House Nerves Bad
Wish we could steal Rocky from the #Nuggets and kill off Dinger.
So awesome when I log onto Twitter and something like this is the first thing I see :P
08/19/2011 - Willowbrook Mall rewards back-to-school shoppers with mall gift cards on Friday Shoppers taking advantage of Texas ’s Ta
hahaha just wait i'll teach you guys to speak samoan
got a game tonight wats the weather gonna be
You look SO pretty in your new pic cass! LOVE the hair(:
Also going to the 8pm show. Watch me put the final nail in the coffin of any potential political career.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool hm... am I ever going to lose weight ?
o boy o boy o boy #TeamPat vs #TeamGriner!
These Clippers-Grizzlies games have been unreal.
What the hell? Thought we had that one. Hope we learn that we have to defend that 3, even at #1....... Go CATs
Nice J-LO Nipple shot.
That awkward moment when people think your guy best friend is your boyfriend. This is why we can't hang out in public.
ha ha!!! Too funny
He who spares the wicked injures the good.
In short, yes, should she apply, I would hire Cher as a web designer.
Man is a two-legged animal without feathers."
Wow, the #Cowboys are going to win despite their own opine and the refs.
If you didn't make it out last night, stop in for gallery DAY today! Pretty art for your pretty eyes!
You are welcome! We loved working on this project!
I will be looking at flights today for a trip to see you guys in Cleveland soon!
chill out you doing to much
is spraying her hairspray so he can smell it. #what?
... actually, need research recs on importance of subject-access for regular 'ol digital collections too, not just IRs.
Loving life while I continue to
Found out tonight my 14 year old cousin is just getting into Magic: The Gathering. That's how old I was, too.
You would! Lol
If the MLB season was 40 games...the #Mets would be awesome....can't wait till sept when all their shitass bandwagon fans jump ship
Okay. I'm gonna have to bite rn....unless... YOU FOLLOW
Hunger Games!
Why does Garcia get no love? He's been just as good as Nova
Lol you living that YOLO lifestyle I see!
OMG! Having a ball. I may never come home! Hope you are well, superstar! How was #BoardwalkEmpire?
Nope its just old people.. DAMMIT.
The Line's female singer was rude, ungrateful tonight.. She didn't listen to Jewel and didn't represent. He should have been solo
ah good luck even tho it home and why r u mad now? Ahdhensbejdk. I'm lost. :(
Fuck My Life.
talk about lurking! you responded to that tweet in less than 20 seconds!!
:-O #wink wink
Talk to me directly, nice!
lol same thought I had ... Feel like I need to give dude a High Elbow and shit .. And his B wasn't fucked up lol
crazy night. are all the people in the MIA as crazy as this???
After enjoying french fries for lunch, I wonder what's surprises are on the dinner menu.
hey Letty. Just sent you an email. Peep it when you get a chance.
43% think that the reason Tim Tebow is winning due to a devine intervention? Really? So 43% think God favors Tebow over all NFL players? HA!
“: How are you sir?”I'm great! How about you?
I took the train w/ the one kid we were with.
1st game tomorrow
Those who aren't happy unless they're working, starting companies may be an easier option than brining the thrill back to their love life.
Okay, I'm done. We're over.
sure. What's the link? :)
Getting out & make connects,stay home & stay disconnected the choice is yours
All nonprofits can lobby. It is legal to do so. lobby= attempting to influence legislation.
Getting dominated in every category except for the one that counts... Need a better 2nd half though...
I work at three so I'm just kickin it til then
Thanks for the follow, Aaron.
is new hair.
Hey, We got a free cookie :D
Just received an email to play the lead actress in a BU graduate film, thanks to my profile on New England Actor!
I love that name!! “: Name for new bar/eatery coming in Feb. from Golden Bear owners: Hook & Ladder Manufacturing Co.”
Sat, July 9th 1pm-5pm Sin City tribute to AC/DC Bon Scott style $5
Freedom is being without attachment to results.
The path you need to follow in order to achieve your goals will create itself. You just have to take the first step.
We vs physically bow down before God but standing up in pride in our heart...wow
Good advice, thank you. I think I'm over-thinking it.
I hope so too D;
I'm so excited <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
M. Wish my boss brought me one of those. RT : The best part of my day...boss brought chocolate chip cookie from
Listening to Mary and Holly from awfullibrarybooks.net and seeing some great examples of titles well-worth weeding.
u should play in our game tomorrow! U could b on my team
Stoked about all the new action movie scripts going around, but I gotta ask: who's gonna be in them? Statham can only do so many...
I spend so much thought on phrasing my texts exactly right, I should publish them as a book of poetry
"Dreams come true for those who work while they dream."
I'm chillin watching the news. Tryna see what's going on in politics
At Richmond Police HQ waiting to see what is going to tweet...
Off to the set of Gossip Girl. Playing a photographer.
I swear auto correct! Lol I ment welcome(: it c
Two for one hash caps today at ALL Clinic locations!!
Aw k
lol. Oh god... just had a horrible though. Doing make up while texting!!!! DEATH AND DESTRUCTION!
In two days I have 21 followers, watch out I'm coming for you! What?!
Thanks for coming to the #GPPCMA #Phillies game! Glad you had a great time! Check out the facebook pics and post more!
lol and the weird thing is that all these other girls r replying bck to it lol
well guys..........right now im heart-broken ttyl
And I mean can we get some boys in here too?
Nice little setup
Interesting conclusion by Jim Downs about reenactment, race, and who gets remembered as war dead. Hint: not (former) slaves.
I am a board strategist for the University of Chicago. I manage our CMS and development/communication initiatives.
I am going to see Bully today.
Jonh Tucker Must Die is always going to be one of my favorite movies
Great move from Michalek but you aren't going to score on Hank from there.
OMG I WAS THERE ON A SCHOOL TRIP LAST WEEK!!! SO AWESOME WHAT AN AMAZING SIGHT IT WASS
What is everyone thinking about the new iPad?
Moss captures the 170lbs Bad Boy belt by defeating Ross at 1:25 of the 2nd round by TKO. (referee stoppage due to strikes)
Brady just so you know your not god your human like everyone else and on sunday we will get passed the line and sack your as a few times !
thank YOU!! <3
hugs to you
FAMILIAR BURGER with BEER KETTLE CHIPS $8.99!! Indiana bottles $3.75!
I'm wearing white shorts and it's not Memorial Day yet
gosh i love dis kid .
/ morn crew!!
just took a trip down memory lane & the buddhist church was not there..
Romney says he can't remember bullying incident, the kid will never forget.
Thanks Rodney!
So, after seconds of deliberation we've decided that Peyton Manning needs to be a Seahawk. What the hell, we'll take his buddy Reggie too.
Put your make-up on, fix your hair up pretty. We just got kicked in the nuts in Kansas City.
McCafe Frappe is the bold, cold way to start your day!
DON'T KNOW - BUT MIRACLE ON 34TH STREET AIRED LAST WEEK & THAT'S WHAT WE NEED - YOUR TWEETS R INSPIRING! KEEP THEM COMING.
Pretty sure I'm the only person on Ft Lauderdale beach with a corkscrew.
View it full screen
also I'm now a performer at the up here in orlando!! So, I work for and
thanks for the tweet!
Did Glenn Danzig ever sue Hasbro/Sunbow for using The Misfits as the name of the bad girl band in "Jem?"
Finally, a question for Delia! How are we going to compete worldwide if we don't get them ready with high standards? and time's out.
is an awesome Bass teacher :D
": I don't like you.. And you know who you are" I'm sorry :(
I really don't wanna go back to school tomorrow.
GET OFF OF TWITTER AND DO YOUR FUCKING HOMEWORK. sincerely, your life coach lol
im proud of youu. (:
You're right. I spent 4 months in Norway in the 90s and never felt more American.
5/21 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Joe Rocha
Thanks to our fantastic grant writers, we've received a generous grant from the Institute for Advanced Study to continue events in 2012-13!
It's picture day! Put on your favorite lipgloss and smile for the camera. I'm adding photos to your profiles this weekend.
getting ready for the Q Portland Gathering Next Week. Hooray!
if he really cared, he would text me back when he was with his best bro. smfh!!
I'll be over soon then bear <3
you're a liar and you're wasting my time.
why u putting my ish out there like that
Hey everybody with the last name Hansen, we are RELATED!!
I try to use EMs as much as I can, going forward. But I've been a PX addict for years. Old habits shoot yourself in the foot.
got it!! So 10am sat? Did you get my text??
"Xie Xie Yao Ming." Love this blog post from
Making food for tomorrows game with my favorites and co. Bound to get rowdy.
All new Austin and Ally tonight at 7!!!! SO excited can't wait.
Just saw the twilight breaking dawn movie with my father. I was good.
You want the best dinner in Indy? St. Elmo's...you want the best lunch? Harry and Izzy's. Amazing food.
Never met a woman that likes to talk as much shit as my nieghbor. Honestly if she keeps talking shit about my family I'm egging her house.
Open For Lunch Everyday at 11am!
Thanks for the RT bro. How's business? You killing it?
I LOOOOOOVEE YOU :)
I kno and better hurry the hell up
#Lunchtime at Rebeccas!
I know it's everybody's sin You got to lose to know how to win-Aerosmith, Dream On
I WOULD LOVE TO BE APART OF THIS FILM :)
“: excited is gonna be my hot date to the Shlemiel the First opening :-)” I'll bring the manischewitz!!
Dream Big or go home.
UUUGGGHHH the 26th can't get here soon enough!!! I need a break!
guys go to the front page of www.purevolume.com and click on us to listen to our brand new single!!!
Love your stuff look at mine www.kidshardwarekompany.com
A Tribe Called Quest just popped on, diggin the randomness#Classic on now.
God is great! Praise him in all that you do!
5 minutes until Hoppy Hour kicks off , join folks from Sierra Nevada for some drafts & schwag 5-7PM
Id love too
Get me off of this plane! Chatty Cathy won't shut up and it smells like a fart in here.
Nothing's perfect I suppose, hopefully they get it straightened out. I've got no other complaints ;)
Phil Bender: One of the only times each year sorostitutes find it openly acceptable to drink while wearing letters.
hanging out with my best friend and her boyfriend?
My priorities are probably out of whack if I'm concerned that work e-mail is down at 7:45 pm. Where's the wine?
Philly has infrastructure to support DH. How do we reorient missions of those institutions to help small orgs?
You're welcome, I hope the weather improves. Nice article in the by the way...
Good morning!!!!! Tweet your questions for our interview to ! NOW!
Create app on Facebook to encourage engagement on your timeline.
can't wait for Friday!!
on Showbiz Tonight RIGHT NOW! WATCH.
Alfredo is with Justin now. Aw shit.
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen the work you are trying to draw on #DrawSomething is "momjeans"
Reading an article in American Archivist related to digital preservation and the cited URL I need is dead. Um.
#WEST-wild wild WEST coast #EAST- Concrete jungle where dreams are made, oh! ;D
The walking dead
#20ThingsAboutMe i want to become a Psychologist
From now on will be known as the
After a couple of weeks of writing largely automation scripts getting back into TDD is hard. How do I run my tests again?
text me!
g fuck them boots if you can get a car just get that shit and wait for it
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL MY ladies followin me ! hope you all have a wonderful day.
"Spencer, how did you help your teammates?" "As a conservative, I consciously didn't. I earned these points. I urge Jrue to bootstrap it."
Okay, guy... You can stay...Kinda... I worry about you. But you can stay
Weird. I almost never see people I know around town. :(
How is everyones Sunday?
1st Table Read tomorrow for the SAG Pilot "ATLANTIC & PACIFIC" in Brooklyn at 1PM & then to Vinny Vella's Holiday Party in Midtown at 7PM!
Pray and fast with me that a Chic-fil-A will open in Minneapolis within the next hour.
we got 9 scores recorded for you (qre-ax)
mr. King
Whoever the girl is that Austin always tweets about, if she doesn't like him back, she has some issues. TAYLOR ISSUES. See what I did there.
Go Gourmet this October 9-10 at the Gourmet Experience! It’s your one stop shop to everything gourmet.
If the #Packers don't draft a WR, does that give a better shot at remaining in Green Bay for another season?
yes, floyd may be for gay marriage but he's still a girlfriend beater. Ask him how he's spending his summer in jail...
Hangin w P.O.D.
I remember as kid getting a free candy bar at the grocery store if your ticket stub had the winning sausage on it.
Restaurant Week starts tomorrow! We're excited to have you come by and enjoy the menu we've put together for you!
u amazing love i
1st recruited by Alexander and now Faulkner, Thomas has been hearing for the #Badgers forever. Has good size and strength to be an OL
Who's ur team
I agree <3 I'll look up times! What time do you get off work?
Ever been in a chokehold?
#np Lost ones ; J.cole
Feeling all Wordsworthian and pastoral driving through rural Illinois. Although the wind turbines might baffle the dear poet.
#GoodLuckEleanor! you'll be fine lovely :)
I'm starving. Haven't eatin' all day because my medicain won't let me. It just wore off and my tummy is rumbling. Lol.
woops, we AREN'T hosting the Oct. 4th event. But we will host an event in the near future.
Effing Salt Lake City.
suck my butthole ya dumb slut
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :)
Happy Birthday Mr. Dickens!
“: Happy mothers Day great moms out there!!!!!!” But Dev, problem is all the great moms dont know they are great!
Still in the top 5 all time weddings buddy #dannysquared #goodpeoplemakegreatweddings!
Thanks to everyone for the shout-out! You guys rock, and I love catching up on the DC blogosphere
Today at the mall some small girl walked in the store with a H U G E ass, and Lana goes: Becky, look at her butt! ..omg I died.
how old will you be turning ? (:
I didnt know
on sum real sh#t racism is one of my many motivations so shoutouts to all the racist people for giving me a reason na phis yall of even more
We hope to see you ALL! Tonight at Shark City! Until then here's some music to groove to!
oh nice! Lovely thing to do on a friday! :-) have fun!
I am so sore from last nights game. Barely made it down the stairs this morning. Happens when I hit triples and have to run hard.
That was not a blocking foul. That was clearly a charge. I'm starting to suspect the refs want to play a part in deciding the game.
thank you :). Love your staff too
Damn..I got my hours cut today. Now what to do??
Family Sunday's this week, featuring clay play, treasure hunt and part 2 of El Alma de Mexico film series. 12-4. Special admssion rates.
Trying to race home before this storm hits
What was tonight about at the taping?
lol daves gone be chalked for a week.
Next book to buy:Like Trees Walking by based on the sad story of the K lynching of a young black guy in 1981/Thanks!
I always thought that I had the winning side of the break up unfortunately i don't.
Two days of work, then headed north!! RT : 3 Days.
It always happens. As soon as I think I am gonna be happy with someone, something always happens..
then get you're arse here.
I don't bust back cuz I shoot first *in my wizzy voice*
Is there anything better than infomercials? I can't think of anything...
I partied!!!
right!!! it would be too fun with And here too!!!!
Stuck in the school bathroom
ATTN: Just learned The Loft has been shut down. Stay tuned for details of relocated showcases by #SXSW Plz RT
When isn't Ellie being sassy? :-)
So I just had a dance lesson with a cockroach, I taught him a little something I like to call "the squish"
Just got done watchin the avengers bad ass movie
im go always b that
RT : RT : Listen up! I'm playing an hour of forgotten, scratchy 45 RPM records today from 12-1pm (Central) on...
Older sisters - born to troll
I'll be the official DJ RT : He needs to be in the back controlling all the strippers.
Newt...anything you'd like to say today? Just wondering.
Valentines day tomorrow! Soap and Spa Essentials 203 Wellesley DR SE STE B 505-268-SOAP(7627) The new Candles are done and ready to go.
So my mom definetly indirectly agreed for me to wear Lolita to senior prom
Any movies you're looking forward to seeing soon? #HungerGames? #21JumpStreet?
shooting guns & wine tasting! What do you think of it all? Big bully still alive? We are down this weekend
Today a co-worker got kind of ticked that I was holding open the door for her. It was a WEIRD negative vibe.
sick of this swamp ass weather
#TwSIG students are teamed with organizations in the community. Things are team based in the learning and field based Each stdent has client
Today I heard Norm Dicks will retire. I'm sad I'll miss the "E-Norm-US" and "No Dicks" signs, but I'm sadder I just thought of "Nom Dicks."
LMAO i know and i said it soo serious
Congrats on your shoot!
I am an aspergers savant, it has no capacity to remove ones gift. It does however make life more livable for children /parents
I was thinking to do an Ariana Grande fan site or a Demi Lovato one... which should i do?
#quotes The only yardstick for success our society has is being a champion. No one remembers anything else.
I'm all for raising taxes on the rich, just as long as nobody considers me rich.
Hey can I get a Roll Tide for tonight's championship game?!
lol for real though, yall are in my prayers.
Thank you Tess!
Ah, the joys of being Captain Underpants.
Go to bed early, rise, play a few songs and stay up all night playing in random spots around town.
I like to think of this... "If it wasnt for me, would only have 399,999 followers" ;)
"Shepherd's" Pie
trend it guys!
so...you hurt yourself not by falling, but by continuous running? Bo!
I think they're down for Thanksgiving, but not sure. Monday is a Regent's meeting, so expect a something then.
At the park tryna avoid all the line beards with their pitbulls! Goin back to the east end.
Awww thanks so much!! :) No they decided not to do a season 2 :(
Please forgive me for asking, as I feel ignorant. Where did this happen? I haven't heard of weather this strong.
Homecoming hells yea can't wait to have fun!! Im glad im a Freshmen and not a middle schooler anymore i can finally have my FREEDOM!!!!!!!
oh goodness<333333 i think i just died .__.
I'm so over school. Where is summer?
Ginger...did you use a filter on that? Because if you did, that's 10 demerit points.
Home now...about To hit this shower..still thinking about a lot in my life...
how gay small town cops sure know how to ruin a good weekend...
Wishing her a happy recovery these next 4 weeks! Happy Monday!
It's super entertaining and completely pointless, haha.
I been eating cereal allday Imma turn into a Reese's puff
Son is home from University, others are home from work and we have declared it time for a quick nap. Bliss. :)
Ah. Everyone Bloody Mary Tweet
“: What happened to the Christmas tree in with all the wind? Check later today to find out.”
That sad moment when you realize your not as important to someone as they are to you
You can't make your heart feel something it won't
Made a whole new business page with all updates on what's going on! Follow it!! page now my personal page!!
Janice thanks so much for all your retweets it means alot and im honored to have you as a friend
she's black and has color contacts
thanks we were going to leave for duck creek in a few minutes. Will wait for traffic to clear now.
Hey Ray, thanks for the RT, we always appreciate the support. Stay Safe!
Thanks, rain for cleaning off my windshield!
School is so worthless!!!8 hours of your day put to waste!!! I could be curing cancer or saving the world from a meteorite in those 8 hours.
Plain girls should have someone telling them they are beautiful
one of my neighbors put out an armchair for the trash... i really want to refinish/reupholster it...
I just used the word "drivel" in a sentence, possibly for the first time.
What makes your mom the best?
even better! i have yet to go there =/
We are all out today! Thanks for showing us some cupcake love!
Great to hear, thanks for sharing! RT This makes me smile when I fly back to SD late and don't want to take a cab.
315,716 properties last month filed foreclosure:RealtyTrac. These filings include default, auctions and bank repos. Up 15% Annually.
I am filled with hate because most guys shirts are athletic cut and I am not
Hey iPhone there is a word called "so."
EACH ONE TEACH ONE!!!!
thanks for that love blessings to you at the fam
Multiple perm spots in Delaware for Java Developers (mid, senior and tech lead levels). Looking for a challenge?
Just finished a guest blog, tweaked a script for another project, gave notes on someone else's script & I'm still playing w my own script!
What is real is what never changes.
Bring Back Ringer 16
- thanks for the follow. Here's a deal for u: "Like" us on Facebook to reveal a promo code for $10 OFF
That series finale was really good! I wish it was only a season finale.
I'm gettin $$$$$, What's a Stack o_O ??? Let me Show you how a Real Nigga Throw These Racks!!!
OMG! Preach it girl! “: so so so in love... with my new liberte blush!”
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. (Swami Sivananda)
ur intvw today on regarding a "genius" title to JZ was interesting but why overlook his n-word abuse?
Enjoyed learning about an innovative potential nominee at IN Venture Club. Nominations open Monday, May 14th.
YOU SUCK!
Self medicating with 500 mLs of Root Beer. Snoopy thought it was a good idea.
oh nice!! We are from Minneapolis so we will definitely be setting up a show there soon once we release our new album!! ;)
The use of ink refill kits saves you up to 80% in printing costs
Volunteer work is a resume builder. How bout volunteering down the road @ the Pabst Mansion? Contact Joshua Fundell 414.931.0808 ext.111
Love my Southern country folks!
Did you let them look through the ward menu and then dispense some digits?
Brrr, warm up with a pot of Golden Assam with a bowl of Asparagus Rice soup and a Grilled Fontina, Mushroom & Arugula Sandwich.
“ how am i popular”| But you disregarded the sup part smh
I wanna go back to bed. Now<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
In fact the abortion rate is higher (per capita) in countries where it is illegal.
I follow a lot of #boxingheads and many of u tweeted support for Obama for his stance, where's the Pacquiao outrage??
Yeah, that or we search for bunny droppings.
who stole my fuckin skits?
Life is about enjoying yourself! Rock on Simon!
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the Day are Mushroom and Lentil. Sugar Free Lemonade is Pineapple Coriander.
done! A word is headed your way
He should come to Holland!!
New Mexico's horse-racing industry, condemned as the most unsafe in the U.S., has accepted a proposal for reform—more oversight, penalties.
Why is it hard to believe that it's cheaper to shop elsewhere?
i probably missed 10 questions on staar even though i think i did awesome :/
dam i miss all my pets i miss my,rabbits,birds,fishes,lizard,turtless,Horses!
What time does it start? It's my bday Friday night... heading to dinner at Nobu but would love to see you and Syb...
Predictable but Jericho and Punk are gonna tear the house down at Wrestlemania
$2 nasty lights.
Lol, well I'm waiting(;
please please PLEASE follow me I luv u guys voice they r soo pretty! :)
Thank you & for a great workshop today!!!
Alright. Time to think about finals.
feet are so sweaty, hope i dont slip =P ahaha ->KimBeezy<-
Eagles vs Cowboys thanksgiving day!!! Hear anything?
They were right on target. Social networks are the media echo chambers of the future. The future is now.
Run, coffee, laundry, dishes, cooking, taxes, more cooking, more dishes. Sunday, I have conquered you! I think it's beer o'clock now. :)
“the zero moment of truth! RT : The avg consumer goes to 10.4 different sources before making a purchase #bsocial12”
One more out for the Highlanders!
Hi Serena, I'm late on the scene on following my favorite athletes. Just want to let you know you're one of them!
hey followed
Oh my....just watched Josh Hamilton hammer another one. Four home runs in one night. Bravo, sir
Celts looking slow, old and lifeless. Lets wake up Celts
Why does it always seem to rain when I go to a concert? I do not appreciate this.
Oh my god I'm tired....
Still haven't figured out how to factor in sleep or food this quarter...Hm.
and we just need the WWI, WWII, and cold war notes right?
I never doubted them for a minute!
speaking of 1968...in that yr right where we talked I saw Jimi Hendrix at the Mpls Auditorium!
I'M in love with Justin BIEBER song "boyfriend" !!!!!!! Omg !!
Spicy peanut noodles with chicken and bok choy. Is it dinnertime yet?
At All- State Chorus!! Couldn't be more pumped!
'bunjamin' a.k.a 'marty' a.k.a. bunbun looks depressed
Picture this...me and the old man cruising down the interstate in Milwaukee, windows down, singing "Girls just want to have fun!"
#youknowitshot when you get out the shower & you feel no breeze!
Looking forward to the Chicago Fashion Foundation event tonight!
Looking forward to watching & my #almamater #VCU beat #Drexel!!!
chances are we can get them to you the same or next day. Moving soon? Cc
It's that time of the week again, isn't it?
fukn killing right now....buck nasty!
When I first followed, I thought he was Tipping Point :) RT : how did it take me this long to find Tom on Twitter?
My mom and I are at the Antiques Roadshow in Atl!! How awesome are we!?
Maybe were better of this way
Thankgod tomorrow is friday but still have to go to sleep for school
A comment - enduced by a couple of newpaper stories today: "It is our insistance on highlighting our differences that will destroy us."
Sweet Genius: Local pastry chef to be contestant on Food Network pastry show
LGBT friends: Please don't vote for Republicans. They want to marginalize & discriminate against you. Dem's haven't done enough but Rs? No.
oh... Very nice! I love well behaved puppies!
Are you getting a pool?
There is always that one person that pisses you off no matter what they say or do.
I hate two-faced people it's so hard to decide which side to slap first.
Friday Night Magic Going Strong!
Teachers have told us that they need better technology tools to individualize education, says
My bad, boathouse all-stars in Des Moines, IA!
haha she's crazy as always, but she's good. Lol
Feeling extra good about today
when i open a pack of bread i skip the first slice because it’s ugly.”
okay, looks like Lou did speak up a while ago. I'm still confused. alright, I guess I better just do some work and not worry ...
thanks for the S/O!
Just because we don't talk as much doesn't mean I don't think about you?
Is is more difficult to teach online? Yes, at first, but it will benefit your students
Holy crap, they announce the winners from the contest tomorrow. <3 Oh dear God please let me win.
Are you still without electricity due to the wind? Distressed guest rates from $49 at Clarion Hotel (505)823-1300
Need me to bust some skulls? *cracks knuckles*
Hm what am I goin to wear to that #wetdreams pool party
Straight off the Boat. She get it straight off the plate. Appetite disappeared. But It ate off her face.
Thank-you for the follow. Iam also following!
McDowell Mountain Regional Park , tomorrow
Come on #Bearcats . #Buckeyes suck
Done With The Tbt's , Like For Ayye Sign Only Doing Some Doe :D
Honesty is overrated... that's in the bible.... old testament!
Bottom line #nuggets can't finish off a defensive possession...11 o boards this Q!
I have "nasty rumors" going around about me , but when I click the link nothing shows up . Way to make me think less of myself /:
is the only mf I'm in thee mood to talk to rii now .
RT : What a great surprise getting a call from President Clinton congratulating me on the &amp; talking about the
Hi! I wanted to let you know about , a chicago-based service that gives 5% donations to charities on every purchase!
I'm having trouble finding the words to describe exactly how awesome and uplifting it is when good friends come through when you need it
At an open mic watching a guy yell incoherent slam poetry over a Daniel Johnston song. I have hit rock bottom.
Had a fun weekend of moving rocks. Now I am really glad to be back in front of the computer.
Oh, it's apparently northeastern Baltimore County. Never mind then, I take it all back.
At I <3 Vinyl...Geology Killing it right now..Southern Freeze.. Yes please!!
learning programming: ultimate catch 22... you can't do shit until you have done shit
Going to Moscow, Ohio tomorrow morning to help Tornado vitims..tweet back if u want to join me
the bay music <3
This whole bus ride my face -________-
Thanks for the #RT, Mark.
I know way deep deep deep dee down inside your heart you still love me .
I bet rain makes you
Thank you, God fogive me.
#tropicalmelody monday is today grab your free drink with any large meal today
Made it to work, and made it back home. Makeshift ski-pole? Totally necessary.
#TSDemoDay is starting.........now
Its Official, GraphicLab will be at WonderCon in Anaheim March 16-18.
RT : Social gaming is a huge investment for a brand but you will see the rewards.
Nice time in Arizona,onto the airport
I'm down man. You trying to make a trip for the Olympics?
Just got back from the Lake=] Had a blast but i sure am burnt!!!
Not the current players fault, but Mr. Paterno needs to be fired immediately.
dang #amazing!
thank you for helping! We're giving the first 50 survey takers a free gift. When they're ready, I'll give you the details.
Trying to help 3 of your friends skip class <<
okay I need lipstick or earmark for bingo!
good morning big booty judy
aww so do you guys, literally. you rock n roll. excuse my lame attempt at humor.XD i'm pretty excited b.c im up to 411,89 to go!
I'm listening to #CelineDion in the #McDonalds parking lot.
Ugh, and another one gone. RIP Donna Summer. First got to know you as Aunt Luna from Altuna on Family Matters then discovered your amazing
Burning something sounds like a lot of fun right now...
K... gettin a lil choked up here
Looks like FB closed up $0.23. Not a positive showing on a number of counts.
Those pitches are perfect. Should tee off...
Just watched Extreme Makeover: Home Edition w/ the Byers family & was completely ballin my eyes out R.I.P Boey Byers
Akfhejvjsbdivhwgcjbsgshch. I'm so excited I can't speak right!
Crash County plays tonight at 9:30, this is Scott Dangerfield's band (he was on American Idol!) Come in and show him some love!!
you mad?!
#nowplaying The Box. What the hell kind of accents do they have? Had anyone involved in this movie actually been to Virginia?
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe your gonna keep friends and lose some. It taught me who was real and fake.
You were right. I want this guy!
More productive when the office is empty dontcha think?
Gudmorning time ta do my thang
- For sure, talk soon.
#ucda Terry is up!
I was in Verona at badger prairie park today doing a cyclocross race on frozen grass. Good times.
Them muphukaz on Soul train back n the days dance like they havin a crack party
anyone know a good driver in Beijing by chance? DM me!
Every step I'm taking, every move I make feels lost with no direction
To get a lot of followers, follow whoever follows YOU. If you see a cool tweet from someone "retweet" it. And tweet cool things!
its ok lol
In great talk about component based games with
Street team models wanted for Houston this weekend $$$$$$
why not on PearTunes?
Excited to be moderating today's AppNation, Follow The Money, panel. We've prepared for a great session. See you there.
I'd also look at outreach by
Charlotte tweeps: Tweetup @ Tavern on the Tracks for Caps/Pens game at 1pm tomorrow? DM or @ me.
First thing I want is food, shit I might just go back to sleep
haha right?! well death proof is playing after planet terror, looks like the tv is staying on all day!
Great move by Al Harrington.
House is smelling god. Only four of us but enough food for a baker's dozen.
I've kissed Ryan more than I've kissed you...
Two more days before 's album #UNBROKEN comes out.... Please hurry up and get here, Tuesday.
you playing in it?
nice. Go meet Hanan Sabri. You'll be happy you did
Come by this weekend! We suggest our weekend brunch (9:00a -2:30 p)
re: spare tire. Hang in there.
#neurodigitour Newport News, Virginia
S/o to your music keeps me goin everyday
hahahahahahaha busy with what dude?? What is there to do in nowhere wasteland kansas lol jk
RE: Fort Fringe Tent. In the words of Dave Attell, "you shoulda hung out, man..."
Money Ball, my second her first.
Omg Ari. Lol. I love you.
yayyy :) I'm going there for sure so just let me know!
Feb debut that will probably raise a lot of eyebrows/interest: THE EVOLUTION OF BRUNO LITTLEMORE by Benjamin Hale
So, now that we've narrowed down the possible list of suspects....
jealous much
I'm at Jay Z & Eminem Concert at Yankee Stadium w/
Don't send another generic greeting card to your loved one in prison.
Go on #facebook and #like us please.... #Tragic Culture loves you.
is for realz?
#HappyBirthdayAnthony Hope u have an AMAZING day!!! #LotsOf<3
okay <3 :) why you on lockdownn !?
Kendall Is Our Cover Boy :')
holy smokes jesus this big moon's been having its way with me for a week already and there are still 3 days until full perigee
Ha! MT My brother met Marshawn at the Elephant Bar in Emeryville, and said he was super chill.
The 90s alt station is awesome until they play Jane's Addiction and your dogs won't stop barking at the "music dogs."
have one for me (;
I got a shit load of homework to do. Finna lock it down...
I'm catching up on your Studio posts. Enchanting :)
just watched just to see !!! LOVE HIM :) His voice is amazing and he is such an inspiration to everyone!
you suck:o
Classic! “: #NW Dick Tracy circa 1990 w/ Madonna, al Pacino & warren Beaty <<< y'all just don't know about this”
D3 Document Review Alert! Seeking multiple reviewers to begin project next week. Look forward to hearing from my extended linkedin family. …
They say never say never but, fuck it never mind.
I think I have allergies in my left eye. The right is fine, but the left has the bubonic plague & chicken pox.
Decluttering & organizing my brother's house. Sure could use
Bullshit call...he kicked it in
ew. Do u think you're Twitter famous?
Extra! Extra! Chocolate Bread Pudding on Special in Little Italy tonight!
I want your hair. & your shoes. & your closet (:
"Be faithful with a little."
Congrats & welcome to our newest initiates ! RT : 11 new lifetime member for :D
oh so i guess i jus wasnt invited huh?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Dont let my "quietness" fool you....
Lol, everyone who met Ed got a super good photo with him, but in mine, I look like a major derp!
Good Morning everyone! Are we ready for the week ahead?
Beautiful goal by Dempsy
FYI 5K registration begins tomorrow at 8am in #WickerPark You will get your bib numbers and tshirts then. The race will begin promptly at 9.
That's neat! All there stuff is so cute! :D I'm totally going to be looking through there whole site. Thanks so much again! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Binary progress bars probably aren't the best UI choice
I love when a guy is just as much of smart butt as I am lol.
Bus stop concert this morning-
just woke up....foot in face. lovely.
and in the cookie to bind them?...
Top Chef reunion. Elia, lesson 1: watch what you say in public and to whom.
Its December! Are you ready for holiday gift giving?
hahaha true story. I have yet to figure out why I watch every season. I am a sucker for trashy reality tv though..
TSA pats down toddler in wheelchair and swabs for explosives in latest bid to stop Al Kiddo, disabled child terror network. Praise iCarly!
omg I just had an incident with a wasp...... I freaked out but thought of and her bee with at yesterdays shoot ; )
Humor Flash: Yankee Stadium bans Apple iPad after players confess to buying performance enhancing apps
R.I.P Gary Carter...your legacy will live on!
Reviewing Modernism and the Women's Popular Romance in Britain, 1885-1925. Fun!
Friends are so hard to come by.
Christians stop holding on to a #bible that was inspired by god and written by man by putting his views into words it's sad I wonder
Thank You J.K. Rowling for getting young people excited about #reading!
yo, love the shaved head FTW
I think someone has to be listening to you for it to be an actual conversation.
So many bobbles and nobody even gave thought to Paulie turning that corner hard
Missing my community tonight. Shall attempt to drown sorrows in massive steak and potato dinner.
be nice to them!! They adore you!! Haha
This is a great list--I'm interested to know more of your favorites, esp early career poets, for my own reading list!
i dont know what i did with my ring and i feel distraught.
Ha MT : Friend: What r u wearing to Nats game tonight? Me: Probably a hoodie. Friend: Be careful, the Nats have TWO Zimmermans!
do you know what it's like to loose yourself, to be locked on target for hours only to look up without sleep and see that another day begins
my dad told me they were just shoes lol
I still have weekend spots available for you to book for your fall family photos. Sunday and Monday spots only.
i've got "take charge indy" to win derby! it is a beautiful horse!
Crazy thunder and lightning on the Isthmus right now.
Mad props to #ComedyUnion for hosting #KimColes b-day celebration on 1-22-12. She's back!
Good Morning...Coffee is hot and my day starts early!! Good Morning Vickyvette!!
Wow are u leaving England already! x
What can run but never walks, has a mouth but never talks, has a head but never weeps, has a bed but never sleeps? WEEKEND RIDDLES
aw lame sauce. i have done that quite a few times lately. Yes, excited to be twirled around to celebrate my birth. haha
Went to Taco-Bell thought I was Hungry. NOPE. Know im stuck with this Bag of Tacos!
Private platforms are best for classroom use. Solves privacy problem.
Fun Family Sunday! Check out the von Grey family folk show tonight at The Hillman. Show is at 6:30- tickets only $6-10!
"If this is your idea of a proposal, Finchie..I`m over you now." -Stiffler`s Mom
Congrats Brenda.. I am so happy for you. You add smiles to others So your blessed with a smile today..
"""Life is a combination of magic and pasta."" -Federico Fellini #Italian #wisdom"
...I hear that there's a love bug going around, well I'm stayin out the way, cus I ain't tryna catch it...
ha oh that suckss I watched half of it through my camera <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> were you at the middle of the stage or??
me bro
I went ghost on you twitter -.-
When they come from over the mountain...
better off watching the cubs. 2nd best winning % in the NL since april 21st
do you have a locals offers website?
hahah - long day man, I'm sorry, I replied to the wrong tweet. haha, sorry dude.
I B[ELI]EVE IN ELI!
Finally, some good snow in NY!
RT prez : "I want to be a verb, not a noun, so I can go from Vision to Action" - Wu Qing (globally competent!)
im probably going to fail this bio test tomorrow! -_-
You are not what people think you are, you are what GOD says you are.
Wandered into the wrong yoga class-Gentle Yoga Stretch. I was the only non-senior citizen.
Come watch the season opener tonight at Choppers! 50+ HD TV's and the most Colorado beers in the state
holy shit i went in
fam when u in Hawaii its supposed to be a lax time. Her moms was always tryin to plan shit and her...
*star trek theme* space. the final frontier. these are the voyages of the united arab emirates
lmfaoo show please show up!
I NEED to get out of this town.
Glad to hear! Do you have a favorite car that you saw?
I'm nervous about something but I don't know about what
mom:"wake up" me:"later" mom: " WAKE UP FOLLOWED YOU" then I was running like an idiot and she was like "JK go get ready"
Thanks for the shoutout , but I would never presume to surpass the Ever-Victorious, Iron-Willed Commander
Crazy what you can learn from a book... I used to think only life can teach you life... Not always
After that - to the stars.
Loved the Archimedes exhibition. Well done!
“: tell G leche needs him to finish job this weekned! whats good!”got u!!!!
Damn brewers errors costing them big-time tonight.....
Happy Birthday Anthony, I love you amazing friend:)we've known each other since we were youngsters, now we're old farts!lol
spatial = time, geography, news varies by population (USATODAY) is relevant for Florida!
Cool! Thanks for the RT of the video of #ZOMM! How are you doing?
Tonyy! I made another personal account instead of using follow me. :p its sarah btw, lol
": You don't like flocka I don't give a MUTHA FUCK !"I just don't like that he can't keep his word
I need to be better about taking pictures. I love pictures and i need new ones for my house
Cool! Congrats! I'm glad u won ur copy! :)
That's awesome! The bad news is I'll go to you now for my SM expertise and not :)
RT : Food Truck Thursdays back today at the Milw. County Courthouse. 11-2, off Wells St. & more.
thats so true thats why i love summer, get to be outside :)
lol not yet bro in time u will gotta make sure I'm able to take care of her before I marry her.
It seems the grass is always greener.
This sexii mufffa beside me though >>>
Follow me' trying to get 200 followers By MONDAY!!! Please follow I follow back.
Another slow day at work... Why don't more people buy ice cream in the winter? It's crazy how slow we are today!
where is it available? iTunes?
Jay what's good up in Long Island tonight? Could see you hitting a Baldwin scene
want to make a new song
I miss you too Steph :( you never text me!
OUCH! I've spent over $500 on prescriptions since January & that's WITH Insurance. Lost job 2007 & retired 2008 On Medicare 2011
I went to a little Italian deli in long beach yesterday and thought of u. It was so good! They have everything!
Say happy birthday to her then! Enjoy!
The way you look, the way you laugh, the way you love with all you have
None but ourselves can free our mind from mental slavery.
Don’t dwell in the past or fret about the future, turn your attention to the present moment.
I saw the saddest thing.... A woman beating a baby...No older than 1 years old...The baby trys to crawl to get away...She kicks him and
I'm off to attend Altrusa International's District Three Conference. What a great way to end National Volunteer Week!
Cotto bout to go down
I need this plate cover.
that you yelling my name?
Mondays just aren't the same without football!
Is it too much to ask for craft beer in Philly Airpt.'s international terminal? There are TWO wine bars.
The Giants never win on their own doing. They should all give Wes Welker a big hug because he won the game for them.
Pyrographis is a leather burning. My profile photo is my first Municipal Arts Grant in Kansas City. It was snowing when brought mural out...
probably not a smart choice....you might learn what your doing is wrong....
What ? End of world tomorrow? WTH!!
we hear ESPN and others will come by and try. Hoping 49ers get here. Vernon Davis is big into curling. Have a great Tuesday!
The artists who created Tupac's hologram are now experimenting with Hendrix, Cobain, Elvis and Michael Jackson... Craziness
we love you!
#Insanity time:D
Just used for the first time!
We don't go anywhere. Going somewhere is for squares. We just go!
Campus recess on the field! Go check it out =]
Couple gone already but still more discounts available for custom surfboards...www.foamily.com
Hi, thnx for the mention- Oregon is amazing, pissing of rain right now, see your weather is alot better. Loved Yorkshire when I was there.
American Idol is so good! I don't know who to choose!
I haven't posted a #ff in a while, but these folks are so supportive Definitely worth following!
When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe then you will be successful.
Sorry to hear that, Sam. Sending you healing thoughts.
20 minutes of Street Fighter x Tekken with my daughter is humiliating, although it does elevate my heart rate.
What's the science
#np ASAP Rocky
Niggas always gotta hate
Tryna Get Shanie To Come Get Me From School
Me and have been texting for like an hour now and she hasn't relized it's my birthday yet. ;)
On my way to my first track race!
Sometimes all I can do is laugh to keep myself from Crying!
#whenitwascoolto ride scooters lmfaooo, good times!
Sometimes men need their man-time. You'll be okay.
Just a little more than an hour until our Let's GAP together party!!! We can't wait to see everyone face and shop the night away!
Hey everyone im Irina Lisca i have my own youtube page plz subscribe at IronicPenguinZ thx
ELI'S BACK YESESESESYESYES.
wow, sweater AND a sweater vest! Jackpot!
New media earns permanent gallery at Newseum in DC
Steven A well said!
"Leadership: the process by which one individual influences others to accomplish desired goals." Leadership discussion at
aye guess what
Tired pissed off dont feel good... sorry
#houston Blogging explained Here is a parable about two business people who ran two very similar businesses, yet one was a success
i fool for no reason but its always on fridays !
didn't know you were still alive sir! deleted your facebook again I see!
I love my
O's Win in 13innings defeating the dead sox 6-4! Let's go o's!
#WWE12 what about the smoking skull belt or the rocks belt?
Went to a private screening for it! we all enjoyed it! You did a great job dahling!
it did!; merci!
Home from school today sick today
Try to imagine all of history and all that will happen, happening in one. Single. Moment. All at the same time.
I'm scared of my new job.
three Behind the Scenes Disney documentaries later....
I saw you!
i'm usually in DC all day Tue and Thu, we'll stop in if we can. keep sharing those pics, it'll draw us in soon!
Expectation is the root of all heartache. William Shakespeare
Your just the best thing ever!!
My kids r playing school while I finish up work 4 the day. I love it that they r currently on a field trip 2a Museum w/their pretend school!
"Cut down that which is most beautiful" - Our one and only objective
Don't they walk Lucroy then to face Aoki instead? Still probably a better chance then Zach though. Buy a beer :)
nobody shuld b able 2 destroy ur peace of mind unless u allow them 2...
After a dentist appt I went to the Pronto corner store which is full of candy & sweets. My teeth ached.
That #RoryMcDonald Kid is a Stud!! This Kid Has Future World Champ written All over Him! This Kids Potential is Unlimited.
Just did all my laundry. I have six unmatched socks. SIX. How is that even mathematically possible?
huh....then tell her ass to get it fixed DUH
once the #redsox get a manager, who are target free agents for the #hotstoveseason?
Never stop dreaming, there's nothing wrong with wanting something more.
So far I have 4 black and 5 red! Anyone else wanna vote?
my theory for how shane and the guy they held captive became walkers was when shane cut his hand open on the bus he got walker blood in his.
Great talk last nite at ONA Thanks!
If there were a York Peppermint Patty diet, I'd go on it.
Police search Minneapolis fire station find drugs inside. 3 people including a firefighter arrested. KSTP-TV at 5pm.
somewhat. I'm working to get up some videos about them later next week
Thanks to winemaker John Bojanowski and for a great night of food and Clos du Gravillas wines!
My life will be back to normal after the weekend.
you obviously didn't see my rts of ;p
Bright and early on a #sat morning in #vegas. Its a great day for some
Landing in Vegas just in time to miss the #Pacquiao fight. Uncool
I love him live. He truly is an entertainer.
Getting ready to head out play You SIng in My Soul with singer songwriter Eric Wefald today in Lowell, MA at 1pm.
haha! Congrats! Definitely more of a commitment than a typical startup but also more upside!
Today I am, yes - came all the way from DC to visit people and no one is here!
Watched this weeks "live" 30 rock last night - I liked that they did a west coast live version too rather than the regular
Sorry I was a bitch to you, I just want things to be good...not bad??
An older woman asked me why I died my hair blue earlier today, because she wanted to know if I had lost a bet.
#shsconfessions I hate almost everybody in the Freshmen class.
The only thing bigger than Clark is my support for Austin.
Sometimes I sit Indian style on the commode
Two days of school in front of me, and then a 5 day weekend.. I think i can handle it.(:
What it do y'all be blessed...
Fresh cut grass & newborn calves... Some days you just need to stop and appreciate the finer things in life.
it's just something you have to experience for youself. Words can't describe or explain
the boys are always happy to see you.
Thanks everyone for the chat today!
#FF to our new followers. Looking forward to your tweets!
Kief always gets me go-oooooood.
SuperFans are quickly emerging out of #Singapore! Sales are catching up with our#US Family. How about an intl competition?
Nice Pic Homie! Were u at?
"""Why has slamming a ball with a racquet become so obsessive a pleasure for so many of us?"
You guys know about cubic zirconias? Well, if you pick the right glass shard from a broken windshield, its like you cant tell the difference
oh lord.. they don't know it all :\\
o love you justin
Delaware Bio Honors Its 2012 Annual Award Winners
thanks for the love
hahaha okay that sounds good!! I like that other song by Avril L. Called wish you were here it's a sad song though hahaha
If two people are happy together, then leave them alone...
well I havent been on here in a while
ask when its gonna be on itunes
STFU!!!! RT all the wrong ones doing the right things.
RT After considerable field observation I've concluded that Subarus run on ennui and a vague sense of personal disappointment
I don't see nothing wrong with a little bump & grind
>News Text Cash Network( New Company Listing ) Text Cash Network, Inc. "TCN", based in Boca Raton, Florida, offers mobile marketing and b
meditation margaritas moon
yayy!!! Yes please!!!! :)...maybe this weekend? :) What are you doing?
The problem with some people is that when they aren't drunk, they're sober. -William Butler Yeats
absolutely! I'll take any and all advice!
wait are they even on tonight
great video man!
send it my way too!!!!
Enjoy hot air balloon rides 50% Off with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
That'll do it. And..."loving room" = living room?
From our family to yours, we wish you happiness and health this holiday season!
yooooooo Alex! you are so reem. (that's English slang for cool ;) ) x
Congratulations to all the #cheeseheads.!!!
Some women like a steady rhythm when getting eaten. Pay attention to where you are licking, how fast, and how your tongue is shaped
I will save you some Cajun fries! #I'madeadman
<3 People drive like shit my friend. Corey has road rage ;x lol same here :-) hairy oranges get asked because
hey Shatner. Aren't you supposed to be studying?
“ *low battery* *low battery* *low battery* Well, apparently, you have enough battery to remind me every 2 seconds.
Wow, Hudsanity sure ended quickly.
Cambridge has found another way to make my finals week ever more stressful
Missing New Orleans right now! Watching HBO Series "Treme" on DVD! I wanna go back HOME!!!!!!
Excited to work on edits w/ author of Draftee:The mostly true tales of a rear echelon mother f**ker" What a read!
VERY COOL! ^JW
o look who took home the victory today..the black mamBa bitch!!!!!
Manage expectations
haha what!? who said that lmao i don't think I'm grown up but Im getting there. i finally know how to drive :)
I love watching my mom get tattoo's ((: she's SO tough ;) . Hahahaha
Prentice! I didn't get to officially say goodbye. It's not the same without you here. Pouring out a Big Bark for you now...
I actually feel kinda bad. Can we give the Warriors fans some tacos?
Watching the nanny:)
#Christmas retweet to us if you had any bit of a White Christmas!!
no we left at 8
did you see the pic ?
Are mindes of men, become so voyde of sense, / That they can ioye to hurte a harmlesse thing? / A sillie beast, which cannot make defence?
See article in WS Journal's Relish today about SECCA's entertainment for tonight's opening: Miss Eaves, page 2.
"If we can't get rid of skilled workers who are a bad culture fit, we're not being responsible leaders." ~ Paul Spiegelman (via Inc)
Isn't that the truth!!
my cat, Barry, may be slightly cuter if I could get him to be photogenic.
Ok we have our top 5 winners! Are you tweeps ready?!
You didn't tell me you were a blogger. Hope you don't fall asleep tomorrow!
watching Parent Trap with , now where is ??
James Harden bout to put Artest in the cup..
That's what cocaine is for.
You're welcome! RT : #MKE panel on design, technology and startups - thx to sponsors
I'm gonna marry that kid <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>
im exhausted. and I can't stop thinkin about this college ish.
ben howard was amazing in the live lounge today
A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can afford to let alone. - Henry David Thoreau
still waiting for you to come show me how to. I need help
No, Happy Anna Howard Shaw Day to you, sister!
How do you guys feel about the #Rockthebells2012 ticket prices?
I almost tripped and died thank you very much.
hahah! Jw.. How old are u?
Thanks for your recent ONS-related tweets.
Another new year / is fast on the horizon / its promise within
Please announce/promote this wonderful scholarship opportunity to all you know in #Baltimore: www.DistinguishedYW.org
Hello! Glad you could visit the museum. Did you enjoy the exhibits?
US DOL: Comment period for proposed OT rules for in-home care services workers starts Dec. 27; runs through Feb. 27, 2012.
thanks, thats a great help
So happy you found the photo, ! Good meeting you, too, & thanks.
healthy rivalry definitely helps #GrowtheGame!
I'm fucking tired... Aaron needs to wake the fuck up so we can get my amp and shit over here so i can go home and pass the fuck out. XD
Modelo? Corona? Dos xx Lager? Tecate? Which beer is your favorite?
Well I can't say anything cause I don't know anything but what i do know is that she just wants the best for you.
no joke, his daughter came in and i met her. he stormed the beach at normandy and lived. no joke, received the medal of honor
U.S. Stocks opened in red, following rally that helped push #Dow to best closing level in more than 4-years, after ADP employment report.
got some dope joints. What the F''k you think they rhyme for?
Exactly RT : “: Thinking about buying some stocks for Facebook.” <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>a good investment
"Loser" by Beck . . . RT: - Obama sang "Let's Stay Together"; Romney sang "America the Beautiful." What should Newt sing?
Will do!
Is that nice, even if the worst enemies to best friends sometimes. :) <U+2665>
more moronics. ESPN site states...Palmer has been working out in Southern California with former Jets quarterback Ken O'Brien.
The reality check of signing up for Interregnum prep lecture and academic writing: actually reading A Connecticut Yankee. Sorry
loved the game Bulls @ LA lakers, saw it in live !
see ya march 9th
Aw engagementiversary twins!!!
yea but I leave Bacc out in the am
my pleasure
when I teach my students about it they never believe me
is there a way to listen to your podcasts with an iPhone?
it will be very awkward in 80+ years when kansas etc has to unwrite their grandparent's redic notions of conservative values.
It would be ill-mannered of me to indicate what I thought the outcome of this evening's second #FrozenFour semifinal would be.
#RealTalk #Truth RT : The Black Eyed Peas make me want to quit music.
RT : Artist in ironic mutton chops electrifies crowd
I'm curious about that coor's and lime... Let me know how it tastes.
Like seriously it have ah dude who needs to stop tweeting...Like Now!!!!!
Thanks Susan!
Some things never change. I suck at this part.
#Newzealand shows why they are no. 1, taking down defending #SouthAfrica 20-7. #Samoa v #Fiji next & crowd is going nuts!
let me know wen y'all ready to chief
See you at #WHTweetup!!! congrats!
No #coasset amendments!
- Congrats to your bro and family.
" Nothing is too small to know, and Nothing is too big to Attempt. "~~~William Van Horne
And please tell me no one mentioned the words "digital native" at the conference.
watch out Linda, those Boston fans egos can take up a lot of roon
currently planning my route from Chicago to Texas. looking forward to summer.
Aye was bosh hurt an excused used?
Thanks so much for all of your support, !
actually does a good job at acting smart...
LETS GO BRUINS! 4games down 1to go till Marchand comes back <3! Wicked hyped! :D
Say what you want about my music, people still love and follow the bands after 30+ years of them being together.
It can be a very cool job. Hope you enjoy reading!
FA Cup final. Come on you redmen!!!!!
#nw to catch a predator
run, yes. bike, yes. it's on our MC1R protein i guess.
Jammin out to spice girls hell yah time
Just played H2 with HAble, it was an honor to get crouch-bxred by him
Fanny pack needs to go... If rng goes home ill CUTT A HOE.
I'm sure there was finger pointing too. I hate this part of parenting.
Happy Holidays from all of us here at KPBS. And here's to a prosperous New Year.
#EBUS118 that's my favorite feature of I get so much done by pre-scheduleing tweets!
Knowing is Saving: a Water Impact Calculator to Help Indian ...
I do follow many of my fans, including you now ;)
Thanksgiving with will be spent quoting 90s rap songs in a booth at Bob Evans, I can see it now.
hey do you know what time is our practice tomorrow?
I start my first (ever) yoga class at a studio in the West Loop. Any idea where I can get a Prada mat,
Thanks We love busting paradigms. #inn12 is great for busting out of the typical textbook mindset.
Aaron Rodgers just went Beast Mode!
(c) And that's what caused it to fall on him. He said "Okay, okay. I hope it falls on YOUR head and you have to get stitches." :/
Banana Raisin Swirl Cakes today for National Pancake Week :D
well done, my friend. Well done.
I am thinking aside from the guys wearing hotdog costumes you would think they look good...LOL
steve, you're awesome
Apartment > Light Rail > Path > Amtrak > Baltimore. Then reverse... Did I mention the sled dogs?
Getting ready to head back out for day 2 of registry week - surveying the homeless downtown San Diego.
TONIGHT ELEGANCE $3 DRINKS TILL 12 $100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT!! HOSTED BY DJ ROK & KITCHEN OPEN 21+
I live in one.
Likely in NYC the 1st wknd of Feb. First things first: when are we taking over Durham for MV XXIX?
Mac miller of the soul
oh thanks! Btw fossil has a giraffe necklace
I don't have homework. I'm so... confused. What do people do with their time?
stripburger wit Angel fun too, now get up n goji and bakes wit Evita
Why would anyone go see a cover band of a band that still plays shows?
perfect game to miss, right?
moving from a slow burn to an all out fire, break out the marshmallows
Hashtag game time. What is #WorseThanTraffic?
actually. Tomorrow starts the 40 days I convert over to being Methodist. So I don't give up anything
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed :) RT : LOVE IT!! particularly the editorial with those bright colors! Very fun!
A beautiful girl with a horrible personality is such a waste.
M It should include some of those nori cups! :D
Schools coming I cant wait to see all my friends.
Apparently all I'm good at doing is intruding. So fuck all y'all.
You know the recession isn't quite over when the secret service wont even pay their prostitutes.
told ya it wasn't a word. But I like how you take the fight to Webster's doorstep every day.
Going to see Sasha Baron Cohen's latest tonight with my nephews - I'm a fan - hope to not be disappointed
Drama is like a plate of meat and potatoes, comedy is rather the dessert, a bit like meringue
The LTD Living Dangerous Shirts have been ordered!!! So excited right now!
I had one pair of miraculous shorts from H & M that reached the end last summer. Gotta find more like that.
Thank you very much :)
on the ipad for the night.... wonderful music, hilarious and awesome show, incredible women
I should get my mind off of you.....i got shyt to do....
trust me, I wont ;)
Todd Hayley, you are dressed like a slob.
*back to dying in the computer lab*
Yeah! When's it comin out?
Too many movies I wanna watch, so much sleep I don't have
": “: ": I'm about to go make a peanut butter sandwich or sumn"make me one.” but"no buts. I'm hungry
I'm fighting the need to laugh. It's rather painful.
Where are 's eyedrops when you need them?
: It's funny how seriously the black people in my dorm take all star Saturday night.
Yep I'm definitely in love now. Like with all of them too.
Have you played #maypayne3 yet? Thoughts?
awwwee you better go monday tho' teacher told me that if we dont perform we fail his class -.- dumb ass teacher lol
RT if inspires you in many ways. Alli Inspires Us (:
they ain't the Knicks bruh u gas'd on these pacers
they're muy terrible! -.-
Thanks for your help today!
Are libraries moving from collections to connections? - Firestone.
This is my last spring break ever...so weird!
How about the Weinstein Center? Or what side of town are you on?
Thanks for being our fan. Glad you had a good experience
Hagadorns class is going to kill me today
If you look good with out all your makeup on!!!
Just went all white girl ninja on lizzy. <3
Grateful for friends in the business who can share the frustrations as well as all the successes, big and small. #grateful 2012
LOVE that Verizon commercial with people imitating Clay Matthews's beast mode
Hey I am a big fan of you. It would mean the world if you followed me back. :-)
well hello !!
Thanks for the follow! We love to save people money just like you do! It's nice helping people save, isn't it?
I can't wait to meet you.
need to look there more!
hahaha well good luck at the lake
Wow they just gave it away again!!
trololol squidward is melted in a jar
Lessons from a creative company's handbook for new hires: 1. It's your job to insert yourself wherever you think you should be.
swing and a miss. Lmao
Working with today first day as a freelancer. I will be on GRAND CENTRAL station if you want any makeup tips & shopping :-)
what email client are u using now? for a summer project, I am seeking a better email client to use with a gmail backend.
If the demo's Japanese only, then make a Japanese PSN account and download it off their store.
lol las dos!
Congratulations on the wonderful feedback to your thesis, Ed! Good luck wrapping it up soon.
sophomore in HS drinking a margarita. WHY
Too late, I'm sure.
Love you too!!!
had a really fun date with my wife for lunch today!
Pinterest needs to start truncating comments so all images are uniform and all boards are evenly geometric.
Please follow me, Michele!:)
On the menu tonight: King salmon with fennel, bunching onions, tonnato, olivada and sieved egg. Also, Happy Hour from 5:30-7:00!
See u there! POW!
Yes, it has been! Have missed the lot of you around here. And DAMN YOUSE, Lakers!! :P
Chaparral football coach Dave Huffine just confirmed that #NotreDame recruit Davonte Neal has withdrawn from high school cc:
thanks for the shout out!!!
all class, all the time. Thanks for the laughs!
really?Damm Your parents need to move over here!
When we touch the Devine and Believe God, sins will be forgiven; diseases will go; circumstances will change.
Another beautiful day in vegas..the Hard Rock had some smokin hot talent last night and loose black jack tables!!
Happy Thanksgiving from the
FINALLY SSBB is getting a price drop to $29.99 on June 10th
hey Bruce, The Next Web is posting content in your stream like RTs constantly. Might want to check it out.
Has everybody like quit gs?
hey that's pretty good :)
. "Making beautiful things ugly with 1's and Zeros for the last 25 years"
After the write a blog post. First 10 people to write a review about the event get free tickets to the next #ChocolateTweetup!
You are beautiful. is a lucky man :)
Free Tah Play With Dah Stick, Please Dont Break Dah S**t, Cause Im Daht One Tree That Has Only 1 Stick #BeCareful;)
in Tip for you: '82 everyone hit Wisconsin ave especially around Marquette area- hungry fans....
I'll take you up on the SEPTA riding. Green liners unite.
Visit our bowling game booth at Fenway college day today! Bowl a strike and win a free t shirt!
Got plenty of tweets scheduled...went back & added some for Sat plus all the ones I already had set for Sun. Love HootSuite!
its all love lets work
When a girl says, "Don't worry about it", you better be more worried about it than anything else.
And I'm officially awake, running on 1 hour sleep. Thursday nights are brutal – basketball till 9 or 10 and work at 5. Hard to wind down.
hello guys...
Getting Thirsty? We are .... Tequila Thursday!
when do the new classes get class sets?
Do you hate time zones? Cause I do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Bummer. RT Bucks officially eliminated from playoffs as 76ers blast Nets.
Discussing the role of the public in disaster and EM policy in Interlocken A
At #TWIA oversight hearing, TWIA chief reports that TWIA is financially solvent and has resources necessary to pay claims.
I go around looking for nos, in to get one no closer to a yes
Good Morning
Thanks for the mention and I also wish I could be there.
off work...time to play! :)
Saying, "I'm almost there" when you actually haven't even left the House.
Allow me to crack my knuckles and say, "Well, if I must..."
"An Evening With My Comatose Mother" #HSFF Twenty thumbs up!
That sounds exciting and intriguing! Keep me posted!
Thanks for getting us to 2,200 likes on facebook! We appreciate your support.
Why do we learn math ?Its not that we're goin to ask the seller:Can I please have a x1 and pls put it on a Z,I'll pay u with Y.
maybe you should leave. You could be bad luck.
lolol the vid u posted is Chris Brown- take you down haha ;)
That's good, Porter, because they're sniffing your ether everywhere! So enjoy the fruits :-)
I had no expectations for the Twins this year, but it's just ridiculous how awful they are. Still watching them?
is so nice! I don't get people are hating on her
I'm at the #OSDBU conference today. T. White Parker at booth 335
Keeping it 100!! U can hit hard no doubt about it, I give u that tho fa sho!!
He got the job! I'm so excited for my husband. He works so hard for our little family. ~ Life of a #wife - Support your #husband :)
Awesome! : Some exciting powwow sessions this at powwow - announcing an award for best session for presenters tomorrow
I got a friend named Reggie who lives down at the dump. Never had any schoolin' and he's just fine. Homeless, but fine.
Game over thunder won ! Laker is nothing to them!
thank you!!
celebrating easter with coffee and taxes :)
I choke everyday about mid show!
New Facebook SUX!
thanks so much for following me <3
ganging up on you? That's funny, I mean, you can get Diego to say something to me but that's not mean?
Wt. My mom. OhYeaah Mom. The Big Night :)
where do you guys get these scorpians?! o_o
I will check it out.
RT : Lunch & Learn, today at 12 noon: Dennis Hood on Blackboard 9.1 at Princeton. Frist MPR. Please join us!
#liber2011 Luce: We can't change if we don't jettison much of what we do now.
Mobile phones are the carbon dating of television shows.
Pets come & go guys. I bet greyson feels really upset. I don't think he would like us making a big deal about it..it may not be true?
Happy happy birthday, Chandra! I hope you have a spectacular day!!! :)
No I meant VD, I believe the young kids call them STDs.
50/50 tonight at the East End Fest. Beautiful night for it. Sunday 50/50 is at the Pelican!!!! Afternoon show!!
And they were epic stories, no doubt.
I want to see my bro tonight!
We're heading to ATL on Sunday for #AppNation Atlanta - will be presenting on Monday at 3:10pm on App Monetization...
RT woman next to me is reading the New Yorker, eating a meat-filled sandwich and drinking a mini bottle of white wine.
In life you are either a passenger or a pilot, it's your choice.
anybody used yet? thoughts?
Going Swimming<U+2764><U+2764>
Arthritis is one of the most prevalent chronic health problems and one of the most common causes of disability. www.healthfacts4all.com
"Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning." Bill Gates, Chairman and former CEO, Microsoft
this is a time when I would rather see Rex Walters shooting a basketball than Iggy
Our pact has now been broken. Rob will pay dearly soon enough...
Anyone in sf trying to get rid of a couch?
When I have a kid, I'm gonna name her Stacy. Then I will be Stacy's mom and I will have it going on.
thank you. i will follow you back if i go on :) promise
Wtf why was patrick at my house early
I wish cuss words were dolphin noises and seal barks like in Spongebob; the everyday conversation I hear would actually sound more pleasant.
He's on the money there. What about his other Sam Cassel impression?
Bella brava cilantro cucumber or vanilla sage martini, peroni battered hammock. St Pete fl
RT "I worry that the person who thought up Muzak may be thinking up something else." Lily Tomlin
Steve Jobs ... R.I.P. your legacy is incredible
Holy crap!!! Brain freeze
You can walk from Foggy Bottom or Rosslyn ... or better yet, hop on the Circulator.
hm, no Los Angeles?
I picked it up near the end of season 1 and have been hooked since. Its like nothing else on TV.
Take time to smell the roses.
Stellar musician's rehearsal. Samantha Everidge & Mike Thomas giving it all to God!! Blessed to be a part!!
Study: Giving up Tech? Does life happen when you log off? Emotional Trauma? Reminds me of my film #Over&Out
my dad told me today that you're his favorite pitcher of all-time haha <U+2764> true love right there lol
Only need 2 (two) more followers....and then someone is getting a $15 Gift Card. Don't be scared....RT this!
Every year there are new students... I'm in a self contained classroom.
Without #ObamaCare people will die from pre existing conditions and so many won't be able to afford a doctor visit
Dear #INDOT the massive mess 37south exit is,could be fixed w/20mins real life traffic experience instead of hours in a street design progrm
I've reached my breaking point can't wait til I get the fuck outta KP/Charlotte .!
We have had 1-4 failed meters outside our building in Hanover for a while. We like to get there early and rock those all day :)
Thanks for the heads up! We're aware of the incident and are addressing it now!
That mini heart attack you get when you reach into your pocket and don't feel your phone
aaaaaahahahahahaaaaa! No. Bitch.
it was good, busy! My sis wedding is this weekend and she graduated this past weekend. How was yours?
Ways To Make Me Happy Follow Me Follow Me Follow Me.....The Most Interesting Man In America
freedom of information, i should say :)
Should #ape activists be upset for using #chimpanzees in his political ad?
Spurs taking it
wtf follow me
it has begun
STRATFOR: Egypt did not experience a popular revolution, but a carefully managed succession by the military.
Now Count On Me is stuck in my head
Thanks so much! Ugh...I have been in writing so much lately I barely even remember to play a while on Twitter!
you love it
love having science class with you :)
Guess What?! We are interviewing on Saturday!
The more I read about Portia derossi and Ellen the more I feel like I want to be their "third".
Not yet but no rush. Bought it the day it came out ;) ": did you get the MDNA CD from Mr Lympus? :)"
you are very welcome!
Everything I do is for you.
We love all sorts of music!
is too cool to text me. whatever.
yes! lol hows your juicing going
just ask real fast in class today and then come save me!!!
Looking forward to sharing ideas w experts & community at SOMOS on improving education opportunities--from early ed to NYS DREAM legislation
is gunna go hard in the paint today
dats y im now watchin family guy
Got the official word that I passed my master gardener test! Weeds tremble at the sound of my name...
Oh no, what happened?
So sleepy, been outside all day doing work.
#Goodmorning #World!!! #LifesGreat Make The Best Of It!!!
Two graves? That seems appropriate :-). I have always loved Poe's writing. I am intrigued by the theory of him dying of rabies.
It was great to briefly meet you! The Zaarly crew loves both and !
Hope everyone is having a wonderful day :) What's your favorite song right now?
Ron Paul doesn't want to be king. That's a big plus for sure.
I saw Once, the musical, this week. Loved it!
So is it weird that the people on my "similar to you" list are not similar to me at all?
I live in the city too but we own our own business and we have some land back there
The Wedding Singer :-)
Big day: Eric Reid, Miami Heat play by play voice, Joe Buck or Tim McCarver, and former US team captain Marcelo Balboa! 303-297-1510
makes the anti-equality candidate.
thanks sweetie!
How did you know that it was love?
I'm still from the area senor
Hey Realtors! I have a coupon code for realtypromobile.com, saves about 60%. Message me for code
Hope your Friday is starting better than mine. Turned ankle and spilled coffee in unrelated incidents. At least #QHRN makes me smile
ahahah,RIGHT! im thinking about making a new tumblr , so if i do ill tweet you it,&thank you <3
just picked it up at an antique store, so yeah, got some work to do.
What's the difference between a new husband and a new dog? After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
Twitter is acting very twitterpated today, and by that I mean weird.
Thanks more love and peace!
Will be screening at the Toronto Jewish Film Festival. Details to follow.
Creator God, that's about all I know today--Jesus loves me!
you are boring as fuck to text
you killed it. So proud to say I knew you before you were on
Tossing salted peanuts in a glass of beer makes the peanuts dance. Seriously. It does. Try it with your favorite pint of Dundee tonight.
He hate it when I leave because I never call em.
Facebook gives extra day for page Timeline migration. Anyone else notice the date changed from 3/30 to 3/31 on the top notice?
Hmm. I must have a stamp on my forehead that says "I am taking a walk today to be sexually harassed".
true story brah !!! Making that green tonight with my boys backstage
How cute!!! Who drew the header? =)
Haha instead of #Lakerfans trending on Twitter, it should instead be
To work for a few, then to #Atlanta this afternoon for tomorrow's #DSum12!!
Great job at Boot Camp Everyone!!!!
Way to botch the audio feed
wats up cutey found u on tube
Michele Obama is fabulous
lol I could come pick you up in a dumpy truck
Eva Longoria is speaking at UT today?! #fail on my part....
Latest numbers on #Mifflin2012 are 282 arrests, vast majority for underage drinking, trespassing, and open intoxicants
I don't either, but have been curious to watch the news... On the heels of news of its explosive growth.
it's fine now:)
thanks for the follow.
lol no it's great -_-
Dug out my car and am now planning my escape to work tomorrow morning. I will be up bright an early!
RIGHT NOW: Interview Strategies Workshop in the Commons. Can't attend? We'll post the session video later-- Stay tuned!
#OWIF: Randyl: "That's why don't steer the boat, to avoid interfering with the market forces of the current. Also, the rudder is broken."
LOL I remember that. If you go to our next show & see one. Please do the same.
Last night was fun and crazy bar!!! Big up to and Bg ent. You know what it is!
yay! Can't wait!
Hacked by this loser ---->
Soo nice out<U+2600>
I uploaded a 253 MB video this afternoon with no problems.
lol don't be lazy
yeah but a lot of ppl said the same thing about Sanchez when he started...they are both talented, just need 2 polish skills
Haha. Have you really?! I never thought you the type.
You have to pay for the tickets :/
Avocados are delish!!!
Now that's funny!
OMG, yes. I could intern there forever. The real world sucks.
You genuinely feel scared for the main character in some of those situations
Thkful for another beautiful day! Say a prayer today for my good friend Shaun Kern!
What!? RT : Love learning things 2share on tours. Almost as much fun as learning things I can't share...yet!
We can install Photoshop cs6 for 80.00. No scam . If it doesn't work we don't charge , Reply if interested
what is an "It Girl"?
amongst normals > in the office.
Really looking forward to the weekend, it's been a long week and I need to relax some!!
All go check out his music... TALENTED!
Good morning twitter
The Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, the Movie II &quot;Wrath of the Red Ranger&quot;. - Comic Book Movie
I wish this was more fun! Everest
Omfg, Ricky's tweets make me laugh so fucking hard.
What is this world coming to when prescription pain killers don't work!?
we will see bro
if I can do one million things at once (which I am), then you can do this
Yeah, I can only imagine how frustrating this is for you and lots of others.
Beyondthescoreboard.net the can end up running Los Angeles with this move
Morning!!!! This phone tag has to stop, I was preoccupied with Izzo's 400th win last night
can't sleep. got ideas racing in my head.
I can feel muscles I didn't even know I had today. I think I might be addicted to hiking. :)
What's better than one balloon? 7ballons. And a breeze?
'As the World Turns' comes to an end. Is that the same as the world coming to an end? Perhaps so for some folks!
Where should I get a new job at?
Happy Easter to you! :)
The NBA playoffs are in the 2nd round, not the 1st, yet they're just as unwatchable. Watching only the 4th Q of non-Game 7s: life-affirming.
That's Sadd .
Oh how important the free throw can be.
our next event is May 22 with !!! More details! Hope to see you all there :)
#FrankBruno is the sweetest man ever!
Monette Marino Keita is the world's second best Djembe player (second to her husband - a Guinean named Mamady Keita)
I LOVE YOU MORE
Lou Williams is a solid player but not ready for this. His last 2 minutes has been Horid
exactly why I quit it too. Why do I have to fax my marriage/divorce license??
Friday night in Nazareth (yes, the city in Israel) & not sure exactly what to do. Never thought I'd say THAT.
I Wan't "Sasha" Tatted On Me.
AntFuel is mourning for our beloved
#1 seller by days end
#NeverTrustaGirlThat has acouple of kids by acouple of men saying its ok to hit it raw because she's on birthcontrol & won't get prego.
After living through a Roland Emmerich film, time to get back to work...
would you use the term?
is that your personal record?
lmfao! That pig from the gt3 event was cute
Discounts available for moves in Nassau County! 3 movers $84/h, 4 movers $104/h + 1h travel time!
just saw your recent ebird sightings on screen at
we asked sm locals 4 directions, and they suggested the redneck thing: get beer from the gas station and hang on the beach.
that is awesome! next Tuesday playlist?
I want to fall asleep texting you
Well, it's over now...
"The actions of life are not so many. To go in, to go, to go in secret, to cross the bridge of sighs." -Anne Carson, Short Talks
Can't wait to go outside
Pay attention to others you may just give them an affirmation that will change the trajectory of their life
Tracy McGrady scrubbing it
you bet! Thanks for following us! We love our Rail fans!
silly heels! Shoes are for northerners!
hm hard question. maybe x&y. viva la vida is probably my favorite song of theirs
Bank of America Sees Real Profits Following Fake Campaign
Take your time, man with monthly deadline I think way more people than me want you to meet! ;)
Nigguhs is tired way to early >.<
Congrats Oakland Cath. Miss your analysis of the game tonite. We may need 10 goals with MAF not playing tonite!
- thank you!
You can thank me later.
what is robot knife fight?
when are you going to give ex and t a brother or sister
Great, your the man!
This seems to happen after #northwestern dominates a team. MT tubby at the helm of a big ol' bus & mowing his players down.
if you are going to play Turner off the ball you might as well let Hawes play the point and Holliday play center.
yes grizzly beard
Stop in today mention twitter and get a Free month of Tanning
Chicago and Atlanta are not states...
Linda Ellerbee, Move On: Adventures in the Real WorldSoul-mates are people who bring out the best in you
": #YouKnowYoureDrunk Broke & Ignorant if You Dancing around the club with a empty bottle !!!"
that xfactor performance was dope.... Trying some light country I see.... But I dig it and you looked beautiful.....
hello, over here! :-)
Sometimes you need to run away and see where life takes you
Having some fun at the 1/3 plo table
Got the lead again
can you say what state you are in without getting in trouble?
The most nominated films are Titanic and All About Eve with 14 each.
foursquare just gave me extra points for my one year anniversary of informing them of my every move. feels like a really long time ago.
At least I snacked on some baby carrots before I put the frozen pizza in the oven.
What is the bank manager's favourite type of football ?Fiver side !
And now he's threatening to not come home to visit anymore. His brother died 5 years ago; mine died 6 months ago & now he's just out?
I love this studio so much...they feel like family :)
i love your voice so much! <33 :D
thanks for the #shitty donuts. I wonder how many I can down with my coffee this morning? Count thus far = 1
i sincerely apologize for my level headedness when it comes to the
Twitter account now semi-incognito. Yeah I'm a wimp but I value my job.
SOLD OUT!! Thanks Wacker & Monroe!!
Louisiana is crushing my soul
The strangeness of getting this tweet while watching a doc about the Holocaust...
Thanks for the #FF! (smiles)
AMAZING RACE time.
JOSH! I am doing well ,thanks. I hope you are too! I miss you, please come over to this side of the pond soon! xx
Feelings dont just disperse
The introduction to my macabre story is most definetely a thumbs up!
RT : "The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time." -- Bertrand Russell
hey!!! I'm a huge fan and I love ur song/music video!
that tweet was just to enter a contest. it's not a virus
I want to make a facebook account for "My Right Hand" and put I'm in a relationship with it. But sometimes I cheat on it with "My Left Hand"
We met, we talked, we flirted, I fell for you, I trusted you, you flirted with her, you ruined everything. End of story.
I know, what was that??
American idol was pretty shocking tonightt!!
“: FOLLOW SIR GOOD WHOLE-SUM DJS.” Thx for the support!
Xbox and you?
The human mind is not rich enough to drive many horses abreast and wants one general scheme, under which it strives to bring everything.
o shit...u got it...*puts hands up, walks back slowly*.....no beef..lol
Hope I didnt fuck that up. Pretty sure my sarcasm is terrible through text.
So true! So true! RT : A vote is like a rifle. Its usefulness depends upon the character of the user. -- T.Roosevelt
They have tasty morsels :)
Don't forget to help the Letter Carriers Union Stamp Out Hunger! Leave a bag of non-perishable food at your mailbox.
Wanting your certificate in #marriage and #family therapy? Applications for our 2011-2012 academic year are due July 1! Denverfamily.org
Yu would rather fight with the devil in hell over the last ice cube than to fuck wit me lmfao
Just found a big logic goof. At 6:13 in the morning. We were almost done :(
Not even looking forward to graduation or anything. Can I just skip it all?
24 of them, so far. But I wish I'd skipped Titus.
Participating in Take Your Coffee To Work Day.
have you joined the string ? www.peoplestring.com/?u=samc now you can retreve emails after you send them . Use the string
The Zerona is a non-surgical wonder for reducing fat and may improve cellulite!
hugs says gigi
A collaboration between peptide-based drug discovery Phylogica (ASX:PYC) and Pfizer has yielded its first milestone payment.
scream tour was awsome yesterday. i caught princetons towel from and cried & hugged but i didnt mean to cry
Stay golden poney boy!
Walt Whitman using printers jargon or Hart Crane with the gas used in welding make examples of technical terminology in poetry.
Thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
celebrating a Mother's love in all of us!
My math teacher scares me!
Why cant I update my picture , CUH! I mean I am topless and everything
Love is the strongest emotion i feel everyday.
"Just now, however, her face is lighted up by an excited hope that is afraid that it's too good to be true."- MORE STATELY MANSIONS
Things are well. I live in Los Angeles. Cuando me visitas?
right back at ya, Robyn!
queen Erica danger
didn't know I was without one?
ok cool
Hey, it's my birthday too.
coming to #demoday? hope to see you there!
When you was just a young'un, your looks was so precious But now you're grown up, so fly it's like a blessing
so wat do u wonna play RT Let's All Play A GAME I'm Bored :-)
Etta James gave us some sweet music!
sounds very chic!
i am home
Haven't gone a year at this school without getting a ticket, wonder what it'll be next year... <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0093>
Watching Aussie Open final on tv in the tourney room, going to be playing tight while this is on. No one better spoil this for me.
Yeah, I'm sure you will one day. Next time you come to cleveland ask your grandpa to take you by his office.
This kid talks of motivation yet he can't even make a good jam everybody can Jam too -,- & his friends are lyin to him makin shxt worse
what's wrong Pooh???
Every day the sun is out, you best believe I'll be in it. #IWantFreckles.. that's a first... Hahahah
although its going to be tough, it's going to be worth it.
Be so good they can't ignore you.-Steve Martin
I love you. *erases* I miss u. *erases*. Can we talk? *erases* Hey. *sends* </3
will you shut up and just listen
OH: and that's what too much Jack Daniels does to you ()
Tonight at - at 9:30p at !
i just heard that waiting up. fire
What was it like when that Another Bad Creation song Iesha came out in the 90s
Action packed wknd ahead! Birthday dinner & Travis Barker to pub crawl & Kenny/Zac/and Billy to top it off w/ Warrior Dash! Who needs sleep?
Hello Stephanie! We're hosting an education innovation forum on tuesday, May 8 at the Postal Museum. Check our website for RSVP.
Thanks fam! #crewlove RT : Congrats to my big bros and on graduating!!!
I like truth & kofi as a team
Oh and, i don't know about you guys, but i am obsessed with maroon 5 and wiz khalifa "pay phone!" Great song
Absolutely loved #MyLifewithMarilyn - #MichelleWilliams was amazing! Voting on deadline coming up!
will do bro! :D
WOW... #MondayNightRaw was exciting! More action less talk, works for me. #gottaloveit :-)
I think Tyler, the Creator missed his moment.
so true !
"Just" come down to tonight! BYOB. Daniel and Cody from will be sittin in. Dont miss out!
In bed by midnight then up 4 hours later back on the grind!
If you plan on seeing the Natalie Merchant concert the line is forming & it ain't short.
I've been dreaming of sending you cowboy boots to glitter. Wish it were possible on my salary. But Christmas is coming...
RT : Every time I feel like I should be doing something I'll lean back, shut my eyes and let that feeling pass.
hahaha that's funny
Down by 7. Two minutes we are back in the game
Gah I wanna play a show so bad ha
I feel like everytime tweets I find myself listening to one of her songs! Love you #mothermonster Love,
Celebrate Cinco de Mayo this Saturday! Let foodsmart be your party headquarters for all you need!
i guess not
4 healing sea breezes! RT : It's Txgiving week--so many reasons to say ! We'd love to know why you thank the ocean..
RT S/O to Pastor ... Doing Great Things in Brooklyn
The power of ambitious people working together as a complimentary unit is virually unstoppable. Find your match and "Just do it!!
Thanks for following doll (: Let's not be strangers! (:
In NYC! So happy I got to see my bff Giselle! Miss her & love her so much! Felt so good to see her & catch up in person!! :D daylight!!
lmao whatever women<U+E418>
Getting to witness sign the Declaration of Beer Independence with the #ACBW association. Pretty awesome!
RGIII ran really fast. Faster than Luck. Still pretty sure the position requires a lot of throwing. Luck is better at that.
What about the ending of Newhart? Can I like that?
DO NOT THINK BECAUSE YOU DON'T HEAR IT ON THE NEWS IT'S NOT GOING ON!!!
aaw :'( miss you too!
they're still wrong but they know the people came for a performance. So they perform. They give people what they want.
Director of Global Journalism at just gave all the #MedillAdmits his home phone number. Most welcoming school ever.
Just dropped my muffin!! :( ahaha on way to race track!!!
Another fantastic book--The Dyslexic Advantage (Eide & Eide). It will definitely be on our faculty reading list this year!
You're a wonderful lady, so just keep doing what you're doing. "Fashion fades but style is eternal."
Should be sure to check out his jobs plan. Ties education to job training to career advancement...
yeah were best friends and we both enjoy talking to yah! Lol :)
Waddup w/ ya
Registration for The Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/5K is 46% ahead of last year's. Sign up, it is on Nov 6, 2010
Thank you! With the RSVPs we got, there's no way it can't be awesome!! RT Wishing an awesome night!
Caroline and I are dressed up as Gene and Dean Zine for zinefest. C'mon down to 1104 S. Wabash, we'll be here till six.
me either!
its not...
Looking for a local Chocolatier to team up with for chocolate and wine classes. Know any?
you should do that tomorrow, instead :-)
Desperately need a linux sysadmin who can help me get postfix and postfixadmin up and running on my Debian Squeeze VPS. Can anyone help?
#wine #humor: In NYC, they hail taxis. In Napa, they hail cabs.
Ok so like a bunch of gurls from mah new skool r txting me :/ their blowing up mah fone :/
I want some ice cream!
#IDontUnderstandWhy every nigga in Pittsburgh think they can rap and make beats.....and pester their followers on twitter with the links smh
yeah yu are (:
Trains on 267 piss me right off
Casting… Always so time consuming. Looking for a curvy, classy, sophisticated face for an upcoming shoot. Referrals?
You cant beat death but you can beat death in life by living your life to the fullest!
Lmao! Did an arab fellow really just respond with 'Do I look like a 7/11?
man im lonely....
Obama tells he supports gay marriage. 1st pres. to take the position. It "should be legal." Dem voters just got energized. So did GOP.
Hillbilly Rock Star = WOW!!! It was a pleasure and a blessing, thanks for the interview
thanx for following me(:
Job Opportunity: Sr Compliance Officer w/experience in financial services to ensure London Firm is in compliance with FSA, other laws/regs
Being a huge Rafa fan, it hurts to admit Djokovic dominated #wimbledon. :(. I can't wait for US open. “: C'mon, Rafa!!”
I keep going even if I shouldn't.
Like why y'all gotta call my phone up 10 times a day!! Ion owe y'all shyt but a damn 'hang up'
but it's early days in London. Hanging chads next.
By choosing a fiber-packed salad for lunch, you can trick your body into feeling more full on less calories.
It can be tough to shake off the loss of not booking an audition, but shake it off! You have other exciting auditions coming your way!
Now down to business. First breakout session - background searches.
ive trying for forever its like he looks right over my tweets
BoshRaptor has me cleaning the beer off my screen!!!
I'm actually pulling for the Caps. Their fans were amazing at the Winter Classic here.
Steven Burg (Shippensburg) reports on survey of PH programs. Notes newer areas (e.g. new media) generally less developed.
Game time approaching.........Warriors come out and play
Thanks for the follow back!!!!!
I got one done a couple of days ago they press down to hard did you have to drink water before yours
aww bags, i'll send you one anyway!
Way to go Brewers! Another win in Chicago! We go for the series sweep tomorrow.
Best answer ever! MT: : . um....pound french fries? I like to do that occasionally!
at extreme in Avon if you bring in your student ID it's 20 for 30 days
Anyone going to Keeneland on Friday?
This just in---> Follow Freedom Outreach Seattle on twitter!!! @ FOS206. Okay ow back to your regular programming.
'TIs no woman. 'Tis a remorseless coffee drinking MACHINE!
What is wrong with these NBA players? Act like adults. You need therapy or drug testing!
dont like city for a # of reasons. don't like man u because of their fans who cried when they were purchased by americans
Hi, I follow u, & I think U've been hacked got 1 of those 'Someone's been saying terrible things about u, click here to see."
good look cuZ
As if being white wasn't enough..Now, we must be white with an iPhone? And, we wonder why a great portion of the world CONTINUES to hate us.
If you haven't listened to
With Ch 12 News coverage of DWTS I have now officially lost all respect for each local MKE news outlet
That would be lovely!
Only because fed agencies still give them out to workers.
In the mood for some 90's r&b. Like the baby makin kind... , any ideas?
I thought u smoked!!
the transfusion lab & the flower lab that we did .
Free WiFi is free WiFi, right?
I like that
Maybe BHO needs a binky while he awaits the Supreme Courts decision-so he won't make any more stupid comments or cry when they overturn it!
but whatchall talmbout. I just got home and onto twitter. In for the nite, ready to talk trash.
I will have a wonderful weekend next weekend and in july when I go to my 1st nascar race
I really need to put down the Angry Birds & get to some bloody brunch planning. But. It's. SO. FUN! :)
lol ok you called me out:)
thank you!
I seriously should just subscribe to already.
will you reply? Haha
RT : ran into a superwoman turned her to a super bitch , hit her with that super dick make her cum super quick
U can luv me or either leave me before u judge me just let me be me, U can luv me or either leave me before u judge me know life ain't easy
I love the brains at this table.
good choice it would have to be "Lithium" for me
Up now: Handcrafted Patterns w/ Dan Cederholm (), one of the first designers I found on the web & co-founder of
go get it!
thanks babe!!
Only a scientific people can survive in a scientific future.
can i just live in midtown or
"Man, I'm gassy today" or maybe "I'll pump if you dump!" MT : write your own caption to this pic: bit.ly/tQ9rxx
And you let my dog out!? Creep
you seem so sure but what about Clooney or Jean?
In Romo's 5 full seasons as a starter, 2 NFC East titles. Zero losing seasons.
Skeem my ass, I want pro bowlers period. game changers! Not helpers!
People thinking im "swicthing out" on them??? Naw im just getting closer to my son's and my goals!!
Nope. No Garden & Gun. These particular categories were too broad for Garden & Gun.
Thanks for the Mention, Friends!
I hate stupid people!!!!
i've a question for you.. I have a school talent show and i'm in it and i sing no air.. Please can you sing with me ? :) X
i wish i could go to vidcon </3
Not sure I understand... I think it's exciting to have the opportunity to design a piece like this.
what Di go on island gal NF follow back! Songwitermusicofdash at his best!
didn't get home til almost 3 so tired
It's a regular one lol RT : “: Gonna throw some burgers on the grill... And kick back..” livin the freagin life dawg.
You are a perpetual motion machine who also knits.
Just heard about Moose--met him many times at blog night. Great guy, told best stories. Prayers for his family may he RIP
a balanced approach to debt is balanced budget, hello winning
hey I love watching your matches. They look very intense. And you have a big butt.
does that mean we can call him "sugar britches"?
Ice cubes dropped on floor by dad before bed are always a great idea!! Just means we will be getting up at 5 in the morning instead of 6!!
Never take life seriously, nobody gets out alive anyway
& I are just 2 grads making it in the big girl world!
Wait.... You took Getz?? Chris Getz? 2B for the #Royals as POY last year? Is this real?
Great game last night. BAC was so loud after that tying goal! Fantastic!
He has to try to fix sh.t that went on like 12 years before he even came into office.
Like I said, Kuechly wasn't going any lower than 12th -- Carolina picked well
Tweet me peeps!!!!!!
your excuse is not valid.
People really do put themselves in some bad situations.
Good job America!
is there nothing on which Mark Twain can comment brilliantly?
Tip of the cap to for conducting an incredibly insightful webinar. Thank you!
Most vehicle crashes are caused by excessive speeds for road and weather conditions. When roads are slick, travel below the posted limit.
"At some point we have to create one vision, one Detroit." Marlowe Stoudamire
these people make me wanna not.even go to prom anymore
Elvis on ESPN right now...he's just laughin'
#topFamEnt wants to promote your business! Call us today! Ask about our specials! 410.513.9199
Is there such a thing as brand journalism? Can companies really cover themselves?
Agreed. Booing Teixeira is retarded. Do you think a chef would take a job at McDonalds over Ruth's Chris?
would be a solid hire for any team. downfall = GM title + no man parts in dealing with Favre
In my day (class of 87), HS history never got beyond WWII. I think kids should have a "last 25 years" class. Big changes.
No need for a W-2 job if you've developed your own home based business. Which one is best for tax purposes? PM and find out.
lol you kissing at me in all your pix
Your life is like a mirror; keep smiling at it and it will continue smiling back. <3
Vinnie....your mom voted for kb.
Top of the morning to team ramo and im to everybody that follows the kid
The Soul Train Line needs to be brought back at parties.
Jesse's Random Chuck Norris Fact o' the Night: Chuck Norris was asked to resign from the Weather Channel for only forecasting "destruction."
True. Flonase requires a prescription. ;-)
Is Katy Perry paying homage to Smurfette on the red carpet?? Or is that blue cotton candy on her head.
ha ha really? how do we determine that?
Biden and Boehner: didn't coordinate their tie selections.
no prob. GO GIANTS.
When conversations become akward or uncomfortable you gotta know how to properly redirect the conversation.
It's Your First French Kiss, Charlie Brown.
Word to the wise: do not drink a Coke with dinner at 10pm. Work will be brutal tomorrow.
Who want sum Dick
Hello over there! :-) At first I thought was tweeting himself haha
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> woohoo that's what I'm talking about!
thanks for following! :D
998 members in the AAUW Facebook group - will we reach 1000 today? Tension is high!
Summit Co. official says self-defense cases usually are dismissed at the grand jury level.
A4: I always say finding a job is like dating... you just have to laugh at your funny bad date (interview) & move on to the next #hfchat'
Take Your Child To Work Day I have neither a child or a job, so that lets me off the hook on this one!
“: STARTING NEXT WEEK WILL BE A BUSTA FREE ENVIRONMENT!!!!!!!”
Did you know that black hole the size of a baseball has a mass approximately 5 times that of Earth?
Lol at that @ reply .
#ThingsOnMyMind how to get more auditions this week.
still at work ! Wassup?
Ready to Rock?! LIVE NOW ransom.tv/rock-the-lakes
oh, is THAT why there aren't any windows in ES games?
All my Pinterest friends have impeccable fashion sense apparently.
You know how I know yesterday was a good day? The corn market was up!
Prospective works for Juvenile
Kenny: FUCK Me: what...*shitting pants thinking I did something wrong* Kenny: I spilled pizza sauce on my pants O_o are you serious
Sarah Palin's Idaho
HOT PRODUCER outta #RVA...send me a email so i can send u sum #BANGERS...dont miss on dis new
Can't decide wether to get highlights or just dye my hair one color :(
Homeboy Hook-up Line of the Day: Hey girl...do you know karate? Because I want to make sure you can’t overpower me later.
: follow he has funny tweets. And she has good quotes
#itakeasheet right after breakfast
Mitt Romney: former bully and current Republican presidential candidate. He is a joke without a punchline.
I'm astonished at the sheer amount of time you find to do amazing Captivate posts :-) I'd go the AA way if possible.
I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. Philippians 3:14
keeping busy with music. :-)
Early am dog park adventure!
Dark chocolate and riesling ... Delicious!!
Omg what happened
no problem!
That was tough to watch, but I'll definitely take the 3 points! 7-0-0, baby!
Thanks for the mentions
holla back :p
oh, hahahaha, I was like wtf!? My coworker suggested I get an aquarium for my new place, I was like "Um, no?"
I wish i didn't have problems
It's a big world, how do you sell to it? Learn fr. John Owen, Chairman/Group Publisher, Weldon Owen-Bonnier at Yale Publishing Course!
How's the writing going?
Surfing uncrowded glassy waves on a warm sunny day puts me at ease and gets my head right. Life is good.
July 8th Opening Gala of CHICAGO, Six-time Tony Award winning show! - www.southfloridaalerts.com
Sunday supper, korean grilled shortribs, house kimchi, rice, steamed buns. 14.95. Enjoy
My sister just yelled at me for telling my mom that i needed more foundation & coverup. Wtf.
Whenever I have a gut feeling, it's usually right. I guess it's time to move on again.
thoughtful post on tribes and affiliation. Enjoyed reading it.
Overheard in Stereo Type room: "Designers design 'iconic t-shirt.' Developers wear them."
Granger is cute as fuuuuuuuck though
I over slept and miss my hair appt. *sad face*
#rusherout <U+2665> u risheries and and all of n_n night!!!
It is weird seeing say 'good afternoon' when for me it is 1:07 a.m.... Oh and Hello Liam :D
Some time I wanna give up because it hard not knowing
Nice! Where are you drinking this?
On May 12, we opens our traveling exhibit “Eww! What’s Eating You?” which is about the histories of humans and the parasites who love them.
Oh my darling, oh my darling, work out at the gym with me. We shall whittle down our tummies, then strong & healthy we shall be.
how old r u
Hey #SmallFrySoldiers can I asker a favor? Tweet me yea if you will.
Sometimes it doesn't seem possible that the Twins could be this bad, but they find a way.
Still so saddened by Anthony Shadid's death. Thoughts and prayers with his family and colleagues.
thank you!
Another two hour school delay, just what I needed.
Had a great time @ Open House for English 367 students using DALN! Hope they'll be guest-blogging for us soon!...
Still I Rise! ~Maya Angelou
Okay... Time to have fun...
TONIGHT! The World Explorers Club will be having a game night, Student Center Building, Lower Level UClub Room, 7pm. Hope to see you there!!
Lol. Four of those tickets I got in one day when the towed me during a snow storm.
Person in the apt. next to me is playing 50s big band. Considering putting on some Metallica at full blast.
If there are other health/fitness/athletics related #highered Interests we should add to the site, let us know!
*Moans like Eva Simons* RT : i want you to take over control RT Still get the rush when I'm alone ~
Morning x
Can't wait to see on our trip this weekend! Texas here we come!
ILovee My Sister ;* <U+2665>
happy anniversary !!! Iloveyou both :)
An extremely successful sample sale at #SeattleDesignCenter today! #Hines, thanks for a great management!!
Kicking off #kipcamp with the ever-energetic and - welcome to our 25 journalists from around the world.
I gotta make a house call, I'm going to your moms house to make her a semen garage
What is that yellow thing in the sky? It's shiny and warm...
You can ignore reality, but you cannot ignore the CONSEQUENCES of ignoring reality.
Heckuva F1 GP today. #SPEEDF1 re-air coming on now.
Thanks for the follow Dacia! Let me know if you have questions about the email I sent re. the Rocky Mountain Chapter of
you can have mine. :)
Every army/marine/navy guy I hookup with has a really super thick cock. Has anyone else notice that, or am I just lucky?!? :P
idk he under my followers
as long as the opinion is humble, Karen, as long as it's humble ;) - no, I'm just a baseball purist, I guess...
Excellent. looking forward to seeing it
I have to make things right again
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 19
I think the Lakers in in 7
so i dont smell like sexy mixed with handsome?
hi sarah!
What up miss
a highlight for me too!
bout to watch the old as dirt brothers aka the five heart beats
My assisted COBRA is about to end. Insurance sure is expensive!
looking forward to it.. My first hiking experience here in T-town was at Redington pass with a bee swarm and a rattlesnake.
So ready to move to Fl.
Thanks! I'll let you know more about the book when it's available.
Thanks Jenny :) We #LoveOurSupporters! RT : Am a big fan and supporter! Xx.
visit me at work i can help you pick something out :)
We brought more mini apple pies this week. You know you want one.
The Rant: Metta World Peace should be banned from the NBA
Attention hivemind! MT We're about to get started with U/S Wendy Sherman. Tweet us your ?s about economics in #Africa with
: Thompson has the personality of wet cardboard, frugality of a puckered snare drum, and the football acumen of an elite GM.
Ramirez hits into a ground ball double play, Morgan scores from third. 1-0
RT : I keep wondering how Santorum feels about mass in Latin.
I'm not going to lie, it was. :)
Cal to take on Texas in the Holiday Bowl
Baseball startin up rite after bball
Thanks for coming in! RT : Also, the mac n' cheese at is life changing.
this week needs to be done already #weekendwhereyaat?
RT: So my sister showed up right when her soccer game was about to start and she is still in the starting line up
Thanks for the #FollowFriday mention
#IHOP serves over 5.3 million pounds of T-Bones each year.
Anybody know about competing brat fests?
Hi Lisa. Thanks for connecting here!
Seriously Austin, your shit is getting old. Find another girl to creep on.
that ball would have been a yard and a half short anyway. it's either play calling or decision making by orton
Solid barn Canton
no matter how crappy I feel in bed right now, i'm going to suck it up and not miss my best friend's birthday dinner with her family!
Nights like this I wish I was 21 again! Sorry if I'm late tomorrow!
Just found out i have a job interview next week for a job i applied for a year ago! So nervous!
Tonight's Board meeting is on the air!! Verizon 43 Comcast 17
outlet at sdsu is a joke. Why say it's a ticketmaster outlet if u only sell tickets for events in San Diego? Really?
“: Charlie Weis making an impact at Kansas, landing two former blue-chip QB recruits in Dayne Crist and Jake Heaps.” good move!
Even doe I don't believe you I would never judge you
Did you even bring them with you?
Thanks for following The Science Siblings!
Tweets fr NYC remind me of people outside NOLA Superdome pre-Katrina: Yeah, brought a book and a pie, that's enough to get by
but they're awesome...
Prescription Pill Use Among Teens Leads to Heroin Addiction, NJ Experts Testify. If fact, heroin, cocaine use are @ epidemic rates
This Saturday Sucks. To broke to get any Beer, and Wife has to work at 6 in the morning. Just sitting here alone watching old Horror Films
We would be happy to take care of that inspection for you. We don't have reminder stickers for brushing your teeth though.
aww thank you. Hope you enjoyed the panel!
true statement
it's hectic out there; we'll be happy to help resolve your screen printing emergency.
Death has come
u inspire me!
I wanna write 'imissyou' on a rock , then throw it at your face so you know how much it hurts to miss you......sent from Funny Jokes App
I'm Brad Houston and I approve this strat RT : #CMDR strategy: Beat the Jhoira player to death. Attack him in-game, too.
“: imagine if one was a 60yr old dude” tha'd be creepy O_o
you won't see this, cause you're close to 22 million beliebers but i just wanted to tell you i love you.
Same-Sex Marriage Should Be Legal!!! You should be able to marry who you want! <U+2764>
Correct me if I'm wrong but April fools is tomorrow. Right?
Food truck is happening. Yummy !!!!
Oh shit thanks for the reminder!!
Copper is up. Watching AUD pairs.
Actors are the only honest hypocrites.
Walked to work today/protein peanut butter smoothie for breakfast.
Agreed, but much cooler that he was intentionally dotted then swiped home.
Yeah! Any special requests for the weekend?
me too man
1 month before pitchers & catchers report
I Dm u check ya msg...
Rolling in money is so fun.
I think the collection was created to serve its users. The collection represents the community & its beliefs.
Resting up for Cocktail Dj Dealer is spinning some amazing House Music starting at 8PM tonight in BoysTown!
Trees budding, flowers in bloom, birds chirping :-)
thanks so much!
Just left the studio after hearing final mix of "Uh Oh" 1 word: smokin'
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration - Thomas Edison (1847-1931)
BanQuetpress, Australia’s only dedicated publisher of LGBTIQ-themed writing and art, is looking for submissions for its 2013 editions. Ba
bout to eat some hot wings!
Two days until CREATURE opens!!! :D
yay for wedding festivities kick off shower! BFORP tonight!
Don't drink and drive. You might hit a bump and spill your drink.
Bella, I know what u r Edward, say it loud Bella, GAY BASTARD
Miss Manners #protip: instead of glaring at me like a douchenozzle, trying using your words and saying "Excuse me, I'm in this row."
My Times Square days ended with TRL!
not this chick right here <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Today is the weird kind of wonderful. The right songs & the right connections.
yah they have a strong group relationship!:) that's a good thinh
you're on! Staaaaartinnnng now!
You're very welcome Felicia :) Thxs for sharing all the wonderful pics!
. we've still got plenty of room, come wit it! haha
Just did a madden 12 com
Lets get a Cubs rooftop one day too
Getting ready for day 2. Tired, but chomping on a candy cane to get in the spirit
NFN radio live on Android
it was AWESOME!!!
Be sure to follow He ROCKS! #twittermovie LOL =D
All my favorite 90s cartoons on nick again. :)
Any tips/ideas are greatly appreciated! :) RT : you have wonderful taste! I like living vicariously through you!
We might be a little partial but that sounds like great advice to us!
Thing is, universities like Cambridge, say, want to compete with US universities for prestige...
Organization is the goal today.
Real classy Memphis. Real classy! Booing an injured player? Really?!? Fuck y'all Memphis! #MemphisFansHaveNoClass!!
You not gone do right by me ? Ik somebody who will .
I watch across the universe way too much
done you turn please :D
Anything to generate excitement :-)
Youre Joking Right?!
anything you can do to get us heat and power in mt kisco? I can handle but am concerned for my young children.
PEOPLE ARE GOING TO START GETTING CUT TODAY
save some room for me guys im planin on bein the biggest skell prov has ever seen this weekend
Mayhem Nation: The war of words between & has now been taken to a new level. Who do you side with most?
available for freelance work. www.flilab.com
Keith Richards autobiography + Ramona Sparks + 200 miles of wet pavement = Nick Cave !!!
cheering for the Cats... I'll take the state of Kentucky over Indiana any day, and UK vs. UL would be crazy
#singlesnightout " your so sweet that you put Hershey's out of business" XD
How about Weds the 5th at noon? You pick the place!
It's funny how quickly things change.
nfb , u look good sweetie
"Nobody wanted to ruin a great friendship like I did!" uncle re: aunt's initial hesitation on dating one another ... 25 years ago
Today: Muslims riot in streets because one Koran burned. But no problem on execution of Christian converted from Islam. Nuts!
Dancing is a wonderful exercise that is great for your heart. It can lift your spirits as well and give your overall feeling a boost.
with texas in july? I won't be in town
I'm really gonna miss my baby sister while she's in Tampa this week
gonna catch them all cause he's Danny phantom!
"Every life is a story make yours a best seller."
OH NO! MORGAN LOST.. :(
We are looking for a public relations/social media-minded intern to begin in March! A knowledge of farming is a plus! Please RT.
just got done playin' glow-in the dark ultimate frisbee! Had a blast, now it's time to hit the sack, I'm all worn out! lol
Probably. Talk to Daniel.
#NowPlaying MTV Presents Unplugged: Florence + The Machine.
We are in Mt. Vernon at the home of Hector Manzano having a meet & greet. Thanks for hosting us Hector!
My god. If you thought the human food industry was fucked up, start Googling where your dogs food and treats come from...
- I thought the same thing when I ate there the other day. Funny stuff. It used to be called Las Maracas!
I'd say *especially* if his replacement is Ricky Gervais. And apply it to any member of the Senate.
RT : The last letter I sent said, "check your email."
May your thoughts be as glad as the shamrocks. May your heart be as light as a song. May each day bring you bright, happy hours. That...
The Zakim bridge is ugly, just like Kevin Garnett
Thirty-Three Hot Dog Night
otherwise if you're tracking from twitter, you could always use bit.ly to check your outgoing links
#SOCAPEurope has been great. It was nice to meet so many wonderful people and to hear about so many wonderful projects.
lol I'm nott. Soo much pressure gone. I'm done with psych after tomorrow.
The Sour Patch Stand Up show was a huge hit last night. Great lineup! Cant wait for Next month's show :)
#YouNotUglyBut your personality is not crackin...
Missed your departure on Thursday.. and I even brought back my Predator DVD and FF7...
Why are The Ladies on the Spanish channel so muy bueno
Regardless of the outcome, I loved the #Nuggets season. They were a joy to watch. Cant wait til next season
Saying inside Dove mini chocolate heart given to me by a co-worker just now... "Make someone melt today."---Any Takers?
I can your best freind or the worst person you have ever met
if you had dream water i bet he would show up !
Bartender upon hearing I recently turned 30: oh yeah...it gets kinky from here!!!
meanwhile in NC....
Fuck anyone who's ever had any bad opinion about me! I don't care who you are, I am crazy, I am loud, and god dammit I'm proud!
Okay, fair enough Mike -- noted & appreciated. When you have something strong to say, say it only to the intended recipient.
as with all documentaries you recommend, I found it interesting and quite surprising. I honestly felt bad for the inmates
Backyard yoga
I can't stop laughing!
the best naps are those in which the duration is unknown to you
Apparently my usual campus coffee shop is bound and determined to give my business to Starbucks. Odd business strategy, but oh well.
Un placer!!!
I don't know what that means!
haha what kind of cars do you like :) ?
Jesus Christ just looked up and found enter the magical mystery chambers awesome beautiful period wu tang vs the beatles
we'll look forward to it!
#tedxgeorgetown correction: US should see itself as exceptional network instead of as an exceptional nation. Networks will b more powerful.
Tornado warning here in Dallas. Massive rain. I think I will take a nap and do some dreaming.
My mom makes me so mad. -_-
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 10
I am not interested in following anyone. But for now, tonight I am a Satanist.
oh cute! can't believe those are Toms! will def add to my list!
So excited for the #Tweetup tonight at the new location!
Marv says Kobe is "all about character"..? I'm no Kobe hater, but I don't think you can say that and mean it.
haha you are much more discreet with your nail grooming! Even on game days ;)
Your amazing<3 And you won't tweet me back so there's no point of me tweeting you :(
Productive day. Now: shower, dinner, hawks!!
Just purchased life insurance, I feel like an adult now.
uh oh. But with 2 OC's, will score twice the points, right?
Have to say that I am kinda excited about Justin's new album!
Welcome to Ray Pualk in Florida. He just joined our sales team in Jacksonville. Contact him for recovery ideas. 904-200-2339
dynamite drop in!
Met Dino, service dog in training, at He belongs to #RIT student Betsy Khol, who I profiled in #RITNEWS story few years ago.
aw, shucks!
Those squirrels are nutty my friend.
Love how I'm sick, and I'll be in school during this game. Hoping this spirit night is fun.
If the 76ers eliminate the Heat, I will buy a drink.
I like to hear it as "Ef-Ef!" Much like the sound my knife makes when I carve FF into trees around town.
RT : #messagetomyex i hope you die.
It's Shandy time.
J cole better not rap about how he hooped back in the day again. He's mechanics don't even look good
So just used the phrase "ROTFLMAO." Oh, and the Caps won an OT Game 7. What is happening?
92 years ago At the Polo Grounds, Babe Ruth hits his 50th career home run which is his first as a
y'all jus started break?
you see that crazy shit
I'm sorry that I'm oversensitive and don't take criticism.
- long time listener, new business owner, looking to provide architecture services to a celebrity for discounted rate. -Sean
I think I've been on twitter for 3 years now..and I've done more tweeting tonight than in those 3yrs combined.
I'm cheering for Mark like always how about you?
I would agree with that. Is she breaking HIPAA laws by asking your aid questions.
No, but Walter Cronkite did.
Thanks! Let me know if you have any questions.
this is how the mavs|heat series started out last year
DIRECT MESSAGE IS BLOWING MY MIND #imatwitternewbee #this is awesome
I JUST FOUND 10 DOLLARS!!!
Alex , you are soo cute !! I love your smile :D
RT : On this date in 1963, MLK wrote his Letter from Birmingham Jail: “An unjust law is no law at all.”
anybody have an update on what's happening at the Mutal Musician Foundation?
My boss gave me a tiny vial of smelly beads of medicine that will apparently cure every illness. Everything on box is in Chinese. May die.
And wondering where all the men are that think about a land beyond Babylon...
Girls just wanna have fun ;)
Ready For the Lafayette #HoliFestival this Weekend
I definitely will as soon as I get done writing a million papers!
Taking a break for coffee and catch up with
Really? I read his what is a person last year and he came to dinner with our group.
We can't wait for the Festival to get started! See you in a week!
Which meeting is that? I'll be right over!
Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information upon it.—Samuel Johnson
Help Austin Pets Alive on PROPS day! Bring in ur dirty stuff & help animals in
will be out in full force at the benefit tonight. If you're going, look for me!
- Consider submitting for the student Bernays Award category! Call for Entries will be available on May 2 on PRSA SDIC website.
Is it ever NOT? RT Its a #Hendrix day.
I mean do I really have to get fb timeline really? really really?
thanks Jenn! Also, thank you for following me ;)
Motion to delay magnet policy for 30 days passes 8-0.
My kids like stating around the cul-de-sac on the ice, except for the falling part and the cold part.
cool beans. thanks.
RUN THAT SHIT THEN!!!!!
That's what they all say. Lol.
love you too!! “: Omg celeb sighting!!!! Lol at Bev center!!! I love him so much!! :) lunch next weekend'”
I still walk up to strangers and tell them about my friend that hit 4 HR's in one game at Doyle Field. Josh's in good company
Hello my love!! How art thou?
We know we always out but somehow they will never see us.
7 Days of Sex sounds like a good week but could also be a painfull week lols
Keith Urban has a sexy voice !
Barstow family camping films family saga through summer vacations. Influence of motion picture technology put to use by family
Go follow !!! he's awesome!
Late to the party, but love the topic! RT: Q1 How do you spoil your mom on #MothersDay? Who else will you celebrate?
Im going to Chicago next week yea its on baby get to spoil my daughter n see my old friends!!!
"The function of #leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers." Ralph Nader #quote #rocktheretweet RT
Thank you, Kat. There are a few of us here.
how you been lovely?
Todd from Philadelphia says Boy its packed in here...
So I can see.. every 2 seconds!!!! Will you be hosting Kiner's corner this evening as well?
be safe out there today, folks. don't wait too long to leave.
That's what I like to hear!
awww so glad to be on again. haha(: well not alot has happened :p got my texting takin off my phone but got a date on friday(: super excited
great question....not sure yet, but I really miss home! Hopefully soon.
thank YOU for all you do to fight breast cancer! I wear my pink shatter with pride!
a belief is a belief, just because you want it to be fact, it is not fact, Jesus, Santa, Big Foot, the Illuminati, etc ..
Yes! RT : It's a glorious day in #SanDiego! Not easy being stuck in an office on days like this.
i think people are just getting tired of hearing that you met them, thats why there hatingg. No disrespectt tho! lol.
i've been following Sam !!! can u follow me??(:
we might be dead tomorrow...
-- yeah..once the music plays..reminder to keep the sand between the toes!!
OH at an ATM: This is a great machine. You push buttons and money comes out! I'm just sayin...
how is a gem like this still single?
I haven't stopped looking for the good in people. I've just accepted the fact that I'm not always going to find it.
you don't say creep creep unless your quoting TLC lol
Good article...thanks for sharing.
dudes. RICE COOKER.
#adbowl commercials are little too harsh
Nice! Airtime in one form or another is still AIRTIME!!!
LOLOL. you;re killing me with tese facts c:
We <3 our new email design and find your product very easy to use! #email marketing
I'm thinking of changing my Avi to something with a little more skin, to gain some more followers.
Orlando we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Me too! Totally on point!
We're having a super month in the stock market! Leveraging options to be short this turbulent market. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Can't 'learn out loud' by lurking >> MT everyone loves a lurker until they're stuck on a grad school project with one.
Follow and check out their site, they have a great thing going on! All + reviews for businesses!
I wonder how much potential suspension played into draft plan. Maybe not much. They needed the help anyways.
It is the stupidest children who are the most childish and the stupidest grown-ups who are the most grown-up.
Sunny weather is price of everythinG..
Another aftershock in Fluvanna County Virginia from last August's earthquake. Windows rattled. Egads.
Yeah I do SANS Orlando every year for $800. This year it increased to $850. Expect to work 14 hr days.
RT : Tonight's Tasting: Join Farm to Glass TONIGHT! It's the 1 year anniversary of F2G!! 5-8pm Free
Thanks so much for your kind hospitality and the amazing Chicken Parm! See you again soon! :)
Worst/best part of #archives? Running across potential projs. that seem more interesting than one's own. E.g. CO Gay Rodeo Assn. newsletter.
This is some bullshit.
Dude, totally
I tried!
It's all about integrating the experience
no, my grandma passed away from it.
Excited to get to play at work today instead of bug fix (and by play, this nerd means product dev and innovation)
I can switch it up if I want cause I do what I want. :)
Show Choir opens at in 12 days! Living vicariously through #SMASH tonight!
If not for bad luck, I'd have no fucking luck at all.
Get a free cupcake at Sprinkles Cupcakes by saying "People Like Us" -> noon to 2pm: May 2, May 13, May 18, June 17, June 26
RT Bristol Palin Says President's Pro-Gay Marriage Position Based on 'Too Many Episodes of Glee' <--like mother like daughter!
Y dont people look @ their past & C their mistakes 2 be4 they start judging others Only God has the rite 2 judge me so live up 2 n accept it
Dear student who finished the test in 7 minutes, I HOPE YOU FAIL. Sincerely, still on the 1st question.
I disagree. The team was bad this series. Marc Andre Fleury, I counted 8-9 soft goals. That is not winning hockey.
i am here lol « If only was in 3rd p I miss her lol»
I can tell... hehehe
she has a Twitter...you should @ her about it
Hi, how are you? Yes it's nice to meet me<3.
I used a very specific term, though.... obese... not just fat or overweight. Do people happy people choose to be obese? No.
Gruden: "This is the type of player I like." ... Jon, please show me one you don't like. Just one.
Suck it
Tomorrow = all day coffeeshopathon.
I don't like me, I kinda hate me, guess I'll go eat cheese
Cadillac? Gas money spent?
aww, feel better!
#RI RT : Every1 knows Jersey has better pizza. RT : I think u guys need 2 bet Pizza.
ESPN News - Heat F LeBron James will be announced Saturday as NBA MVP for 3rd time in last 4 seasons, AP reports
Kinda stuck here for a bit.
Staff photogs are debating and brainstorming how to photograph the solar eclipse on Sunday.
Hoping Romney clobbers Gingrich tonight. By big margin.
y does 2012 already suck so bad...:(
I do
your welcome (:
Happy Birthday. My husband went to school with George Carlin. He was quite the trouble maker even then
Sometimes not even then.
Are you doing a budget for the holidays? Increase it & enter to win here...
Happy Education Day ..
Chris Bosh is the Heat's ONLY quality big man. If he is out for any extended period of time that is big trouble for the Heat
Randall Jackson is an ass wipe. What was all the dramatics for? Ugh!
No lie lol
RT “: seeing a good amount of #Pacers gear here at Great American Ballpark. #PacersPlayoffs” Love it!
coffee makes everything better
DT Marriott shuttle to Philly Airport is $10. Less than a cab but hotel staff made it seem like shuttle was free.
Why is this so hard?
Listening to 's "Cooler Than Me" and exchanged looks with a girl in big designer shades.
I think went #OneStepTooFar tonight. But I love it anyway. That is all.
Unfollow this page follow my new one now
how are u?
when do you think people will start queueing for the breaking dawn premiere??
good morn'n Hun!!
HOW DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT EARTHFEST TOMORROW??!! I'm gonna be missing Third Eye Blind, Eve 6...
i vote for samosas, and anything else your hearts and palates desire!
thanks for all the RT's last night.
at the #Amerks game!
OMG!!! HILARIOUS!!!
I cant stand thugs. Ugh! I almost want to throw up when one tries to talk to me seriously.
true that
"Here I am, the victim of my own choices. And I'm just starting."
Kalleberg of UNC: #Employment relations have become precarious in the U.S. since the 70's; risks r born by the individual worker
Ha! Story of my life, I like to do lots of things just wish I was good at them!
Had a great experience playing w/ our good friends Nomadic @ Murphy's last night in Boone, NC. App State has a cool vibe for sure!
okay <3 like hes the only secret we have left..
As you calm your mind and cultivate trust you turn from a victim of circumstance into a powerful creator of your life.
yeah but they are having a bkfst at 9:30am just for friends of ASC
Offering Plastic Business Cards on Clear,Frosted or White Backgrounds Use as Gift Cards,Seq. Numbering & Magnetic Stripe Avail.
I offer to tweet for in exchange for free brunch ;) cc: have you been there yet?
Not only did the front office fail to improve the pitching and defense, it looks like the training staff is just as bad as last year.
#boston there's a reason why where called New England!!
Wonderful warm sunny day in NY! The weather will not be an excuse for Yankees tonight. Not that it was last night, just saying...
I used to be an independent voter, but good conscience doesn't allow for that #TeamObama all the way ! Dems only 4 house & senate
Its great to see so many active tweeters!!!
You're my sweetest dream come true. <3
Geny and I had a great audition yesterday. it was wonderful
wait did i legit just snipe that out? DID YOU DO IT?
bleh i'm going to clean my room ... eventually tonight i'll try
hey, i just met you. & this is crazy. but here's my number, so call me maybe.;)
so great meeting you - let me know if you have any other questions about , I'm happy to help!
yerr i watched you on da deal hit me up i got crazy beats and rap www.myspace.com/mebruklin ..old shit hit me up for new shit
Rally cap on watching the ! Let's go Oakland!!!
Coffee and paperwork....the coffee makes it tolerable...
Actually, the more I say it the better it sounds. By the way, I was tortured thinking of boy names. Twice.
Big dawg s/o ,stuntfest 2k12 was stupid,salute for putting on for the team
online Strategy and Tech Deployment=online STDs
(34 yrs, 255 days) became 1 of 8 guards of that age or older to attempt at least 15 FT in a game since 1985 via
Just got a five year old a little pink guitar.Haha
Correction: The correct final score for last night's bout is Rats 158 - OMH 134.
congrats buddy
American greed at it's best. Love it.
I feel awful ):
There was just a straight-up sneeze battle in the office. may always win. gross.
Im to comfortable in my bed ..
Too much work left to do yet so tired
Whoever is saying something #nasty about me on twitter, #Godbless em! I'm still not clickin on ur link 2 find out!
Adaption, Wonder Boys, Capote and The Squid and the Whale, but I have Howl at home from Netflix. I hope to watch it soon!
if available, brandy needs help with twitter (haha). U can follow @ brandyd83
I live my life based on 2 principles. One, I live as if today was my last day on earth. Two, I live today as if I am going to live forever.
Have this huge headache, totally tired. NityNite :)
i got choo
new job update? love it?
i obvi didnt do shit to you. you shouldnt look at me, talk about me. if my name comes into a convo, walk away. ugh
Pretty pumped for this game ngl.
i also asked #Siri to 'make me a sandwich' and she said she didn't have any condiments! haha!!!
#iwishtheywouldbringback Old MTV
Grant as Pedophile?
Duh. Nickelodeon for sure!
amazzingg! I'm in
when can i see i you guys n Boston? I need to see you live
Finally watched the last Harry Potter. The fiance expressed outraged at any small difference from the book. Hooray for great life-decisions!
First time at Livestrong Sporting Park tonight. Will be going back many many times!
The best feeling in the world is looking in the mirror and being able to tell your hair is growing longer (: (: (:
You know it must've been a goodnight when the first thing anyone says to you is "dude, do you remember what happen to you
Trusted messages are also consistent, with very little conflicting input, because inconsistency breaks trust.
It's fun to watch the girls who work at Chick-Fil-A progressively gain weight over time...
Ty is actually listening to him and Carlos have sex. We recorded it because
I follow them :)
Yes, I do believe we should. I'll e-mail.
I love this!!
I wish i could do more for my mom.
Hi everyone :)
": “: ": Just cause I flirt with you doesn't mean I like you." Oh..” I like u doe." Mhm all lies
I smell sex and candy here...
No Hype, just FACT: Every 20 Seconds Someone Is Joining The Body By Vi 90 Day Challenge!!!! Will You Be Next?
God doesn't like lukewarm Christians. Even Katy Perry sang about being "Hot & Cold" God will spit you out for being lukewarm (Rev 3:16).
So I determined that nobody speaks English in public unless absolutley necessary in Florida.
miss u too!
I'm overjoyed w/ the Hudson Loft Series. It results in new friends, books, & ideas for us all. I couldn't have hoped for better. Thank you!!
At least the piece is still attached. :>)
No, but it could be me. It is Monday.
A public debate between , and would be a great idea!! Ward 5 voters need to see differences.
Great class from Chris Aguon () tonight thank you to all who came! NEXT SAT: KYLE HANAGAMI () details & flyer coming!
We are currently transporting a card back to our location from queens to bk.
but we still gotta trend it! (its i reached my tweet limit haha)
People kept saying "you are a pussy" all night
Going to watch the boondocks tonight too;
Wish I could be there!!! Break a leg and sing gorgeous like always!
Once again receiving spam e-mail from , even after I asked not to share my e-mail w/3rd parties.
Making plans for our rescuer film shoot in Lithuania the end of July.
thanks so much for the card! I hope you're having a good time at the shows this week! :)
Keep turning the pages the best is yet to come in Jesus name amen.
Miss you too, friend! :)
Sissle was born on Indiana on July 10, 1889.
To all the people following me - sorry I never tweet!
Amen <U+261D>#RT ": I was never in the business of stroking ego's...”
Happy Tax Day everyone in the US! Hope most of you are due to money back!
Band banquet tonight :)
ayyyyyyyy yooooo! We slappin that all on the floor tonight!! You guys embarrassed us too bad it's time for some real revenge!
keep yo inner circle tight....
We are a nation of Charlie Browns, and the government is our Lucy-with-football.
Judge just said Minemier refused to leave jail & come to court.
good and not so good i have made some mistakes and i made one this weekend tht i am so upset about
mines been filled since like the first week of april but it was closed & just opened!! its freezing tho lol
"I want that cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake...and its not even my birthday" lol that song is so catchy lolol :)
I do hope you aren't serious about giving her a shot. That is an obligation, not a gift. Maybe you are kidding?
this is like lucky charms without the nasty Cheerios
Think about creating an app called "Food with Friends" where we eat together and talk about our lives.
yeah man, I'm gonna be the next Hannah Montana ;)
if you do get a tattoo, what's it gonna be??
Make connections with those you feel comfortable with.Trust your instincts, ask questions and try to learn as much as you can!
Happy Single's Awareness Day!!!
thanks:) if your not too busy it would be amazing if you could get your friends to check us out also!
i knew I was in trouble after I threw the ranch lol
- the sky is crying
LIKE A GOOD NEIGHBOR STATE FARM IS THERE!!!!
thanks for mentioning our sale :)
Got your msg. I have a mtg tomorrow, Sat, until 1 PM. Call you after?
Blah I keep mistyping bc my phone battery is dying so my keyboard won't light up
Don't miss out..this weeks Workshop is all about choosing the right carbohydrates for you! Tuesday at 7PM at Fit Lincoln Park!
This is awesome.
Dreams do come trure..make a wish...Hustle..Hard..1
#ncph2012 & #oah2012 session: Reading & Writing Like a Historian. "being able to DO history is dif than being able to TEACH history"
Problem is when was the last time they took a step forward?
Is there a male version of squeeeee! ?
Good Morning Tweeters :)
Anyone have a favorite anzac cookie recipe? I fancy making them! Warning: if it doesn't have golden syrup in I will be devastated!
I miss uu daughter
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Because your face is pretty messed up.
We recently relocated our North Tucson store! Please visit us at 815 E. Grant Rd.
LOL, My mom asked why I was freaking out so much just because followed me, Shes beyond DUMB.
that's not a hard decision at all. You know what's happening. Post birthday celebration for this guy after dinner, then rose!!!
Neighborhood statistics such as owner occupancy can have a big impact on future potential value of your home.
Best of luck to you! Have an amazing time and thanks for using ShowClix! Happy New Year!
yep it can be from anything - just having trouble deciding what
How can you tell if a man is happy? Who cares?
If you would like to follow the PG version of me, is my new professional twitter account. I think I can be clever and clean
Am i the only one wanting to rape my tv...or....? No one else found the boyz sexy, no on fangirled...? Wtf.
Haven't been on Twitter for a while folks! Time to catch up. Thank you all for the kind words lately. CHASING SUNSETS is on iTunes!!
Any recommendations for a good, in-depth #film discussion #podcast? Always end up back at FilmSpotting, which I don't like.
you're such a Jewel! I love the #KandiFactory already. I was grooving when you were singing the song written 4 Melissa!
I can't be there til 5 cuz of my other job... But ill keep ya posted man
“: THE HOUSE!!!“: Morehouse crushes Yale in the debate...””
Get to know your planet
same to you!
Omg haven't been on here for awhile!! lol I miss everyone!! :)
Platinum Hair Studio always gives free consultations on hair design. We are offering Hair Cut & Style only $30, mention this add :)
Britney is only 30?!
great quickie!
Heading off to CA for #pycon! Be safe, Chicago!
Its very sad that you would make a comment like this. You are what's wrong with our country!!
Ever seen somebody with dry lips & they lips be so dry you lick yours ?
Not a good day but great imagery!
And BarCamp Boston 6 is finished. Thank you *everyone*! Stay tuned for photos, links, and Boston geek news.
Apr 13,1942: Papers reported that Churchill said a Japanese Fleet was spotted in Bengal Bay
Thank you for doing this story!!! I did an op ed on the same thing publishing this weekend for Opin!
Sunny on the Front Range and winter storm warnings just down the road... Only in Colorado!
- Thanks for taking the time to write that great comment about ! We really appreciate it!
4 a moment i hesitated to post a #FF! But that's me being greedy Enjoy w/ur fav beverage
"Imagination is the preview of life's coming attractions" Albert Einstein
Life is not measured by the breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
#thingsthatpissmeoff cold dry chicken wings from
said red stag shots on him.
lmao that's all me!
That's like... Silence of the Lambs-ish. Wearing a suit made of what I'm already made of. lolool.
Heads up: is playing Santa Ana's Cinco de Mayo Festival this weekend.
so excited that and i discovered over the weekend. only an hour from #dc! we'll be back soon.
Eating Fruity pebbles :)
We love when our fellow Ohioans do stuff! Preorder the new from
oh yeah? Tell me more! Small world
please, just stop don't let one idiot girl get to you, you shouldn't be doing that to yourself... stop .
Thanks! We've posted some of our finds already, but we'll be doing more throughout the day today!
haha i was so happy when he did and ya he does jus search jacob latimore and i will show u his twitter or check on his fb
yes sir! Stay ready dont have to get ready!
Can i take you home ..!
suffers another group of death and doesn't advance, eerily similar to Tecmo I...T Hansen advances to Final 4 for 2nd time in 3 yrs
Good times at The TriBeCa Grand tonight! I could get used to this - watching my face on the big screen w/ hottie as my date.
figured it would be funny to go ahead and make this social network friendship official.....lol
Set your goals in detail. Focus on goal NOT on HOW it will be reached-thoughts can block manifestation. Have action plan & be open...
Before this day is over I want to wish my friend, who also happens to be a hilarious #NYC comedian,--> a very #HappyBirthday!
laying down... Some where in the house!
"The world is your oasis. If you want to (complain) about it, that's your business". -Dr. Weber
So, working on the EP tomorrow, knocking out drums then laying out guitars, possibly start another one too. Get stoked!
Giving up was never an option
"Living the life of your dreams starts with waking up!" —DJohnson (Talented&BrokeNov26)
I'm So Tired of Flirting I need a Serious Relationship I Feel no one is out there for me
I wasn't planning to do cardio tonight but if I don't get in some HIIT I'll freaking explode.
We have an interview with 88.7 HXC tonight between 12-2! Check us out!!!
I'm officially old. I know this because I'm now the guy who goes 'I can't believe her parents let her wear that' while walking the mall.
Teacher Appreciation Week begins today! Take a minute to write a note, send an email or thank a #teacher for all they do for our students.
Just got back from panama....
Hm, so I got basically everything I wanted :)?
A hearse just drove by me on campus...
A dreary day in the Northeast...
damn ho bag, where was my invite lol
thanks for retweeting. I like your style
I was thinking if you need some chefs to cook in the kitchens of these houses (you know, for photographic reasons) I travel well
@#*k...its 92 degrees with 60% humidity...and my ac just went out in my car...blowing hot air...dagnabit!
hey there are still lots of games left in the season
Enjoy your stay and the fabulous weather in San Diego!
You're family when you come through our doors at Amici's and we're thankful today for all of you. Happy Thanksgiving Day to you and yours.
Thanks to all who celebrated the BDAY activities with me! It was a Great Day & Awesome Win! ,Blaze & Lucky!!!
RT : What bottles are you looking for?? Hopslam
Ok, Bonamour twitter back online, we didn't realize our tweets were not going out the past few days!
#thankfulforATL because I learned to be myself from them
don't feel bad. I watch what I eat so that I can eat the occasional donut...or three...
T-minus 5 minutes to the #nexuscafe with on product recommendations - Check out the questions for todays chat...
AH-mazing drunken noodles w/ shrimp from at #TruckoDeMayo! (My new fave food truck for sure!)
Happy Mothers Day mommy. I miss and love you so much. #erinannbrooks<U+E022>
SVU til I pass out. Which will most likely be soon.
My Damn Back Hurt Man Wtf This Shxt Preventing Me From Sleeping.
If you include any trademarked logos, names, likenesses, or distinct ring shapes, then definitely not.
RT What a minute did this mofo just sniff my cocktail!! HELL NAH // Girl, snap! lol
And can I dm you something and get your opinion on it?
well they've been to playoffs before and have won also.
ME TOO.
it was in reference to e-resources. which probably gets me a demerit. hahaha.
Actually hanging out with my sister today.
Just looked back at their game logs this season...
Chef Q&A: Happy Healthy Human owner shows how to become H: Chris Kridler/FOR FLORIDA TODAY For more than two years, Jason Santini h...
The things that we're afraid of, are gonna show us what we're made of, in the end.
RT : Tinkle'd Pink 2 say Happy Mother's Day 2 very special Moms & Babes @ the Community Baby...
you bad and you know it <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
My honorary Jew.
but the sad truth is if you're LGBT & traveling to a foreign country, research the shit out of it because in some
Choosing our food is always so difficult when there's so many options ha
Showtime in 2 hours
It is illegal to buy or sell human eyes, organs & tissue via
RT Watching made. This girls coach is HELLA sexy. -then i saw your icon....
I love that Roger Miller profile.
When Louie runs out and I have to go after him <<<
Good showing from porcello
Really? :O
Love when a 43 minute flight turns into a 4 hour plus bus ride. Now with driving from DEN to ASE. Wow!
Thank you!
#CPUC asking customers to comment on a #SDG&E proposalto raise utility rates to pay for #wildfire costs. Details on
probably some <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AF><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B2> nigga who's robot greets visitors at the door with complimentary FAQs & answers for emoji's like <U+303D> lol
Good Morning #Winesday. You've arrived quite nicely.... thank u!
Hey man it had been a while. Was wondering if I can get in contact with you for a favor?
we so should! you think they'd let me in since I'm not human?
great twitter pic (red hat one)
and this is why I love you.
Watch your mouth girl
It's on to work soon!
Starting my 9 symphonies of Beethoven Fest in honor of Ludwig Van's BDay.
tonight will not be the same without you.. :/
So confused. " : I love animals .awesome animals"
lol put your $$ where your mouth is! Ps3 right?
over 200 breweries
I don't know but I want some!
...what u wont do is call and set up a dinner date wit my moms and we only been dating 2 weeks!!!!!!
I want to have faith in human kind but you guys make it so difficult...
he's up to three mr. Bari!!!! U better make the nov.9 or he'll have more fakes than u!! O wait, too late sux for u
Thanks for the RT
Did you know that you can't hum with your nose closed? Your trying it know aren't you? You can't!
Can you guys give some love. His sister just died.
Hip Hip Horay Just cast in a feature film as DETECTIVE 1 At least I will be featured. If you could see my happy dance you'd laugh
Jennifer Simpson talked snout Duke City DimeStories. And no she doesn't tweet. She doesn't want to know about your new pair of shoes.
Picture please!
Have #jobs you need to fill in #ROC? We can provide 100s of highly motivated & qualified candidates at our Career Fair on 5/16!
Spencer Allen-Asst Baseball Coach, Recruiting Coordinator, 1st Base Coach and now social media guru
Cool Site Vicki!
Thanks to Urban Vibe Dance Company - Chicago for being our Dance Group of the Week! We need a new group...who's ready?
I'm working late, til 9.
Well, hell. If you're not doing at least three things on that list, you're not even using Twitter.
Case law comes from judicial decisions (precedent). Stare decisis means that the courts recognize previous decisions and precedents.
Job hunting in the am sick of this one well the people's anyway
I forgot about baseball and watched "Glee" instead. Oops. I would have rather watched baseball.
ppl blaming Republicans for the dispicable terrorist-like act that happened in AZ, is just like ppl blaming Ozzy or Manson for teen suicides
Stay tuned El Paso for Houston's Attractions next two Major Concerts in March and April! U wont wanna miss these two First Time ever Artist!
And my mom is obsessed with tweeting for the moment.
There's a girl in the library wearing all black and tinted clubmasters.
So i got tested for a concussion at school haha i landed on my head a couple hours ago
Or like Kennedys. RT : Notice how the rest of us drive responsibly, but the pigs drive like Asians on the freeway?
How bout Halestorm?
Apple store is down hopefully time for some new Macpro's !!!! :-)
Praying for serious peace, healing, restoration, life, and pure Love. RT, Repost, & Share
wake up man
Thanks for the RT, we are really excited about the nod!
MT : Research is the seasoning/accent to the plot that drives the story #USC #Writers conference
is more than a singer, performer, song writer, fashionista, & chart topping musician. She's an inspiration to millions.
#3WordsForYou I miss you.
A GeekyMomma&#39;s Blog: A Great Prize Opportunity
Thanks for following! Real estate can still be a great investment - let your followers know!
Read our Rent To Own Customer Loyalty Marketing Report. Learn how to set your company apart from the competition and keep customers coming …
Who at Just Host can actually get something done. Major site issues for days. Your Customer Support has not helped at all
Well if that is the case, we do have an excellent supply of local used capitol equipment. What does that facility here do?
Nurse: when was your last menstrual period? Me: I don't know..but I have an app for that.
Thanks for the retweet!
Just an update to let y'all know I'm still alive. Fall/Winter Tour dates coming soon!
I always win.
I do tweet just not all the time lol
Listening to on full blast!<3
Atmosphere Salons Lauren Santana & Shannel Mariano at Casablanca Lounge doing hair and makeup tonight for a fashion show.
Story of my life. RT : Meant to have a question mark instead of period.
Not nearly as exciting as watching me! RT: I'm watching you too !!
just brought a holister polo!!<333 n brought holister spray a few weeks ago its all gone:(
& , Wellesley will conquer this young Internet one retweet at a time. :)
Get $1.00 off any coffee and candy purchase at Millie's Cafe when you check-in on Foursquare between 1 p.m. and 10 p.m.!
Allow? Profs have that kind of control? ;-)
Thanks for the encouragement, will keep chugging!
where are cats gettin this?!??? Smh...RT“: x Zach Randolph = same person”
thanks so much! :)
thank lord i wont be at work the next two Friday's
The maximum prison sentence for an individual caught in the act of violating immigration policy is 6 months subsequent offense.
Best Day Ever <3 !!
#omnomnom is right. Thanks for visiting!
woo hoo! Gotta love
Why are they called The Lakers, anyway??
I feel like he missed a wonderful opportunity for healing. There might not be another chance. Shame.
No mommy, boys, or bread = cheese omelets for Kate & Dad...my girl's a great helper!
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]<U+2661>17
": Most definitely, darling."
listening to JLo and reading Hume
Unfollowed several useless people. :)
Taking a siesta in art history
Right on! RT : #FF Fun people on twitter & IRL!
#AABJ CONGRATS on being a chapter of the year finalist!!!!! I am so PROUD to be associated with and to AABJ. Much LOVE!
Every time she around I b feelin rite/ But ever time she gotta leave its like I lost my high/
Why did I get into IT? I hate like 90% of all engineers. The way they think is so fucking stupid and wrong.
RT Giving up doesn't mean you're weak, it means you're strong enough to let go.
I'm compiling a list of the best travel memoirs. Do you have a favorite?
Big Renovation Tip. If you're planning a huge renovation - rent a dumpster. It saves time, money and hassle. They deliver & pick up!
Excited to hear from
$1 for every ticket that is sold will be donated to in support to ending breast cancer & causing awareness. Now that's #SWAG!
sure thing :)
I wanna stay nice and lean and tight. I wanna get that Jesus on the cross look. You know what I mean?
Don't judge someone without actually knowing them
Heading out to night for my Birthday Weekend
Check out our new website www.infinitymenu.com and avail our special offers
Two FREE tickets giveaway to Pinterest Party in Mckinney TX to the 1st person who tweets #pinterestpartymckinney Value $90
SAT work, shoot me now
Speechless... the aerial descent into Bogota was incredible! Wish I could stay in Columbia a while. Connecting to Sao Paulo flight in 2 hrs.
We will be baking all day & all weekend for your special Valentine's cupcakes. Mini dozens too. Open today 9-6, Sat 9-4, Sun 10-2. .
Hey I dont know if youre on twitter right now but I cant ask any more questions on tumblr for an hour :/
Guess who's going to #Bruins - #Caps Game 7? Yeehaw!
I can be sweet to girls i like .
Mike Conley w. some impressive D tn. Me and have debated what do bros think..who is your PG if u could have CP3 Rondo Parker Rose?
is my girlfriend
11am-3pm TODAY will be here!! How SWEET!
#WhatILove the pyramid code!
follow me?
WVU this weekend?
taking deep breaths #balance &
Resolve to not eat mac n cheese out of a box this year:)
looking forward to your opening in #Chicago. If you need extra awareness, we can help!
I'm doing fine thx for asking :) I'm Latoya by the way. Nice to meet u.
I wish everyone a safe and Happy Holiday! Merry Christmas!
The digital health startup crew is small but strong and growing. Great to see both familiar and new faces. Visit Startup Pavilion!
I bet 9875209708795709827049587094387509$ that won´t follow me :(6
May 31st, hurry up.
I'll be like, "Maybe next time you'll think before you shake hands with the Pig Chef" RT : You can be all up in Gwyneth Paltrow
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. -Dalai Lama
yes that was great!
Just listening to your tunes now. Pretty cool stuff.
we've reached the climax
“: had three great rides during my time. The traffic and road conditions intense, but it was so much fun!” What about pollution?
forever alone
I'm in the mood for Starbucks I shall go after school in order to fulfill my wants.
The gatewing looks like it is made out of Styrofoam. I think I will stick to a traditional model airplane and camera set-up.
sick of rush, sick from rush. PNM= please no more.
[Punching JaVale McGee in the arm does not constitute a "kiddie crime" joke]
Finish this quote: "Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate..."
really!? Hahaha i guess twitter got jealous of us dm-ing each other then.
Only Alaska, Washington D.C., and 8 other states (all northern) do not currently have a FBS football program.
Thank you for following, please check my account, hope you'll find my tweets interesting!
21st C. practice is about all the innovators teaming up. Get down w/ collabos
go to church! :)
“: The GUSA senate passed a bill to institute game rentals on Harbin Patio next year.” Will go as well as the RedBox near
#ifweedwerelegal nothing would change socially just economically...
": After Prom/'s birthday party is gonna be on!! #west" <------ what ;D aye
Nails done with my madre(:
best birthday surprise: brunch 's of fresh and homemade everything (crema, tomato&peach juices, chilequilles, pan dulce...)
THE weekend lol
I keep having dreams about going to the dentist. In reality I have one more visit to finish my root canal
no sadly the Barreto's are still missing...
I don't know what to do with my newly acquired free time..
Retail stores are advertising that they will open up at 5am on Friday - doesn't anyone else think that is insane? It should be illegal! :(
I have a iPhone, iPad, & Mac! I'll admit.. It's a bit unnecessary. But I love them!!!
RT : New Video! Let me know what cha think! RT RT RT!!! FOR THE FANS! Shoota - Let It Go Freestyle:...
Lizzi Gordon got an axe, Gave her mother 40 whacks once she'd seen what she had done she gave her father 41
If you cannot maintain your OWN relaxed hair, do not get a glue or sew in...lmbo.
I'm glad we could help brighten your day! Enjoy your new pretties! <3
#dhtrial jury exits for break.
Lakers are looking to take the game over with a 7-0 scoring run for a three point lead before the Nuggets call timeout
:/ : people jus piss me off today
buy a Reds one at Dicks.
Thomas Jefferson Bring your desires down to your present means. Increase them only when your increased means permit.
Not sure why these football guys hopped on romo's dick
wussy Lech Walesa.
"all day"
I know because my account got hacked the same way and I had to change my password is all...
I CANT EVEN REACT TO THIS GAME WOW! Big congrats to ManC!
For the next 4 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: Philly, Chips & Drink $6.99
Thank you Harps clerk for not making me feel stupid for being on foot when I asked for double bags. I own a car, I choose to walk.
Life shows up...do you?
I dislike the term studying. It has the connotation of a chore, not the exuberance of learning. Time for vernacular shift.
You know you've got a bus full of chorus kids when every person has iPods n other MP3s cranked up haha :)
they always only have one. It is some legal thing with MLB. I guess the rule is only one company for a console can get licensed
Day one shooting for the video was a success!
New rule: Since we all know we're graduating soon, lets stop noting every-single-thing that reminds us of this.
Need paralegal instructors 2 teach trademark, litsupport, research, real estate, corp online courses 4 sr.paralegals
Aspire to be a Righteous Brother
Major Mozart binge.
That awkward moment when a sentence dosent end the way you should follow me madison
CRAZYGANGSTACOOL RELEASE COUNTDOWN!!!
lmao wateva bitch I ain't got no stragglers
The result for you can be jail time, fines, civil damages, and a criminal record.
is it bad if she has accomplished more in life than I have? Lol
do you still roller skate.
Getting ready to go run with in hand :)
I love the very pub-like atmosphere of the Wrecking Bar.
Directioners Are Sexy Carrots apa la papa...
Take your weakness and turn it into a strength. Pee Wee Herman "everybody's got a big BUT." Love it!
Thanks for the #FF, guy! Gotta get on the ball with mine.
M...Nothing better than a Mojitoe Pedicure. Come in and try one today!
Thanks for the follow! nfb
#32 my favorite time of day - Yeehaw Junction, FL
Thank you!
oh I can't forget We Are Wealthy!
I'll also be providing social media updates both here and on Facebook and the Eleventh Stack blog.
spell check negro;D
great read thanks
Good article man, so true. In Cincinnati there is a whole new retail/living/bar area going in between our new(er) stadiums!
Ha, gotta love it. The roundhillva.org website, under What's New, is a blank page. That's why I love my small town.
I didn't think of that that will help
According to my 3-year old nephew, "Picasso paints bodies where bodies don't go." Just in case you were curious. :)
Offense at dis-advantage in these spring games, with #dualthreatqbs dead on the touch.. no respect for the QB keep by the defense.
Gulping down the #coffee like it's liquid crack.
Well either that or it's topical which is either lame and ephemeral or unfair to fans who may not agree with me on everything.
RT “: #justread Luke by and Cattle Haul by lovely southern fiction :)”
RT : The vagina is only 4-6 inches deep. Fuck are you bitches begging for 10 inches of dick for?
nice job on the anthem! You got some pipes! Keep it up.
Will be watching for it!
is recovering from a beautiful mountain wedding. congrats amanda and pat!
How wonderful
if you feel insecure rather than cocky I think you'll do a better one because you'll try harder.
not gone stop making music.
how will i survive tommorow -,-
I think I've discovered the secret of life - you just hang around until you get used to it. - Charles M. Schulz
How does Amazon get away with paying no taxes?
#Recession rolling in to #Capsim nation - team is running a tight ship, looking to capitalize on long-term TQM investments
so please think before you ask me a stupid fucking question that involves following your dreams of becoming a hippie or actor or WHATEVER
School's almost over, guys, so I'll have a lot more time 2 Tweet!
The day finally happened, I'm awake before my morning burst of emails arrives.
I really want a pet monkey! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B5>
I'm crazy running errands today - I don't think I can help line someone up for you today....
My first visit in 6 months. HN delivers.
Thanks for the follow !
Yeah, most likely! Are you gonna cheer with us ?!!! (:
Stalking me is one thing, but her too? Too far kianna
welcome home
What I actually do: I'm not sure, honestly, but it's definitely not creating overplayed memes.
Color correction is finished. My heartfelt thanks to the team at Nolo Digital in Chicago. What a tremendous experience!
I just got the cutest shirt & shorts! :)
I am little bummed out with Iphone debut. Nothing new enough to tempt me. Waiting for a better android on verizon.
Ron Artest is being escorted back to the hotel yikes
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty they have sex on the floor, they freak the white people out, & a white girl sucks some dick.
the only country song I know!! Can't wait for #razorbackvacation 2012!! I wish it were here already!!
RT : "We cannot shut out the people that we disagree with"
I already have one
“: #WeWontWork If you tell your friends abt everything that happens between us.This is a me & you relationship.”
oh ah
This Kings fan is stoked the kings are staying in Sacramento! Now we just need to win some games!
small bump - Ed sheeran
yepps and can you follow ? Shes a friend of mine :) thx
RT : The most-visited website for news about politics is not Politico or CNN Politics, says comScore. It is......
that commercial was the absolute funniest thing in the world... Burger King took one step up, Mary took 52 steps back... LOL...
>>> this is homework Forreal.... This shit hard...
he can go right of the pick too. Y'all just screwed on tht play
For him to be 84 he sure didn't act or look like he was 84....RIP Vidal Sassoon
Happy Birthday Twitter!
I swear i upgrade in chixxs everytime i never have to worry bout a bitch
are you watching way Hamilton is doing to the O's tonight
hows life with tiny
Enjoying Breakfast in America. It's 8am somewhere. #rogerhodgson at Potawatomi Bingo Casino.
The Mexican groundskeepers are serenading me with Feliz Navidad.
Students need models for civil public discourse--still a role the good ol' listserv can play.
alright, I'll give you that one. I could really go for some #annexbingo right about now!
Why, thank you! :)
could have died in yoga pants on a bike. note to self, look prettier when doing something as deadly as riding a bike in the LC.
These shoes make me trip in the hallway all the time!
RT : seen the show last nite, enjoyed! how episodes aired so far? <<3 episodes so far...thx for the support!
this is the dopest track I've ever heard
no I mean a boy friend lol!
Ready for this day to b over with
#boxing Can't wait to see Pacquiao settles down who's the real winner on the first two fights. This time Pacquiao in the 10th round.
um gross! lol RT : Shared screens on Skype are fun and dangerous.
Hello world!
Try New York....a month feels like a week!
:) journey we're in the same ship
I had to say that... Lol
that's ok gorgeous, I speak more than one language. Just pick one.
sweet ride!
"rock out gansta style"...Is that a Body Count reference? cc
haha Uhmm im not really sure it might be awhile because she has to get her grades up
Things end but memories last forever
Congrats and good luck. Could you share the syllabus?
we should write music together!!!!
Omg stupid bitch. Wtf is your problem.
Racing through life is very stressful. If we stay in high gear too long- we lose our ability to shift down.
I'm reading "The Talent Code" it's a very interesting book.
listening to Skrills.
not a good start for
How about them Texans!!!
Trade you kitten for 2-year old (not really, just saying). She's been keeping us up every night until 3-4 AM.
The Colon Blow "One Million Bowls of Total" Bowl
Reggae Music at its best! Vintage Reggae WinterFest! THIS SUNDAY, MIRAMAR REGIONAL PARK, Miramar FL
working hard is my addiction
i got sum music for ya to chk out, i gone call ya this weekend bro
Event is Sat ! “: Rachel from and UFC Fighter on CW6 talking about Pit bull rescue event”
send em out to help old people
Baltimore artist Bosley playing at Windup Space tonight! Have you explored Station North?
Thanks for the RT, Cinnamon Stick. Miss you!
I think I'll POP a few Bottles tonight!!!
Tomorrows Friday yes!:)
t(-____-t)
Try your hardest until it's good enough.
Help our network grow Invite your friends to like my page and share this post in your news feed...
Frazier should have gotten the start... Harris should be shown the door!!!
Thank you! Sure, you are more than welcome to!
WHAT?! ARE YOU SERIOUS OR JUST PULLING MY PICKLE? lolol
Thanks, dudes!! You all are the BEST!! (#fishingforhappybirthdays)
yeah but the crack-selling ones tell better stories
I really can honestly say I HATE my brother.
“: Gentlemen:: Wanna make a woman happy? court her,, sport her,, support her,, surprise her, THEN MARRY HER :) #MANOLOGY”
I'm more of a fan of the dog in the picture frame.
Woohoo! Finally following !
and perfectly willing to leave it at that. Not looking to pin anyone into a conversation they're not interested in.
Working on that
thanks 4 considering us!
Music, the greatest good that mortals know, and all of heaven we have below.
Noddin my head like yeah, movin my hips like yeah.. #PartyInTheUSA lmao
Keep up the great work Community Action - thanks for all your hard work. May is Community Action month.
I feel like if she won't let me get insurance then she should at least let me drive without it
Had an amazing night at the concert <3 hope he liked the braclett , monkey , an card gave him <3
Secret Life<3
Which is the better Justin? Timberlake or Bieber?
MT : On 4/2/90 Nirvana & Butch Vig went to Smart Studios in Madison to record demos of several songs that ended up on Nevermind
there is always ebay
out for drinks with my home girl
RT Jealousy = LOVE + HATE At The Same Time....
hey, when can we negotiate a return of my DVDs for your DVDs? I miss my wire.
I have the #BestDad in the world!!!
Do you think Jeff will make the jump this year? Is he seriously considering the draft in June?
Yo the talent of " I Get Up" is always a bit of gospel for this fight.
yeah yeah
I was going to pay my taxes and then realized I don't make any money
Today I found out who my real people are.
go 2 bed
Corporate Associate
I am so hungry 4 pancakes right now. Why is that?
I hate taking breathing treatments -____- but I have to get better
In exchange for a bat.
when will you be back to LA?
I do.The man has never done anything for me,hes never even bought me food let alone pay child support.He doesn't even speak to me
what's up?
RT : "People are craving a sense of honesty, integrity and goodness in our foodways and daily life."
Hey, Kathryn! I'm bummed I haven't gotten to meet you yet. But that will all change soon!!
Wishing a very Merry day! Thank you for all your support!
happy monthiversary to us! thank you to everyone who has shown us such support <3 we look forward to getting even closer to all of you :)
only a slow person would spell 'slow' wrong.
Me: oh that's what she said Friend: i'n bed Me:That was dirty...
Happy I picked up some quickly this afternoon. now has -8 lbs left.
What was it?
Sick as shit...gotta try and sleep...
Alarm goes off at 5 AM.
"C'mon! We're all going to die, die standing up! " — Patrick Swayze, Red Dawn
What would life be without fruit snacks....
but you're probably right
Thanks Everyone For Your Support Of Lotus Nightclub - Albuquerque's Best & Busiest Danceclub!!! See Ya This Week It Will Be Poppin Again!!!
Greetings from Charm City!
I would rock that thing all over town!
“: look for Suppan to go 6 inn give up 3 hits maybe 1 run and get the win” - if all that happens, I'll bike from MKE to Madison.
I will never stop being amazed by how different people look without their glasses.
my cell mate, cheetah, said he was gonna make me his special girl...
#LieOfTheYear "yeah im almost there I'll be there in 5!!"
This asshole is making fun of my toe nails...
oh lordy. If I spot the stig walking around, im getting a picture.
thanks for the follow!! =]
Currently developing a list of specials for our clients... what are you looking for?
hahahah oh my! but this is quite truth....lol
I didn't. I took some ibprophen, feeling better now
dude is the biggest legend ever. And to have his career ended like that is just a god damn shame.
Lmao chill RT : People are so shady. (sigh)
for thoughts lead by raw unknowing this, i sink inside from no vision in my eyes, no passion on my strings. my mind is not forward but muck
I AM TOO EXCITED. /poops rainbow because I'm too excited
Okay if we adapt that to "I'm a nerd, not just a diplomat" for ? :)
Watch your thoughts, words and actions...They become your destiny. - Lao Tzu
she just hates me, but she puts a smile on her face, and fakes that she likes me. When she tells at me she smiles. It scary
cant wait to see you december 3rd in my town <3
Hi Twitter! I might only be with you for 5 mins. but you're always on my mind. Now if only I had tech to keep you at my fingertips
Lol. RT only you would have your fourth tweet ever be focused on "Butt-Dialing."
Stoudemire minor surgery went well on hand; out Game 3, likely series too.
Big rivalry football night in Carlsbad. La Costa Canyon HS (my kids' alma mater) vs Torrey Pines. Go LCC!
Pulp is playing Common People! This might bring me back to life alone. It always makes me think of .
God has great plans for you! No matter how tough things look, or how hard life is for you, God has a way of making it all worthwhile.
HAHA! I guess your right!
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency awards + $1 million in grants to 15 college teams for their innovative environmental solutions.
Yeah Papi! You rocked today!
Use my website www.refinancemadison.com to fill out a fast secure mortgage application anywhere in Wisconsin
Accident US 95 south at Ann Rd. causing big time delays. Use Durango, Jones, or Rainbow as alternates.
just because you're being hated on doesn't mean that they're all hate groups. no doubt there's lots of angry energy though.
Welding aint no fun sumtimes but thank goodness I finally got a ticket. Now I can pay bills
lol YES I am!! And thanks I'm good how are you?
its not android 4.0 for the soak sadly. Its a major update 6.12.173. Radio update, GUI update, etc.
he wants to start a family with his wife D:
Sushi birthday dinner with :)
day 4 of #ist600 on social networking. Somehow I've gone from 1 to 37 tweets and following 3 to following 81 people in the past three days.
Full Tank of Gas in the 2nd race.
lol whenever you can send it.
follow back
Don't make me take my rage out on you!!
U were my best friend since second grade the only one I told everything. I'm gonna miss u so much. I love you and I always will. RIP sadie
I hate people but I love gatherings? Oblique, indeed.
That's what we like to hear.
+1 RT : The should have a news taco trailer.
There have been some good games tonight!
How did you customize your pasta? Send us pictures with
Great. The school food gave me food poisoning.
how's the party going?
With one breath, with one flow/You will know/Synchronicity.
walking slowly in the wilderness...: The Serenity Prayer
Yes!! RT : I could eat cream cheese straight out of the tub with a spoon.
My new year's food resolution is to eat those bagels
good luck in there!
your daughters mother.
Yeah no problem.
i knw boo, i get tht foolery & im not even an exec so i really feel 4u lol. ive been great tho, mkn it happen
whoa whoa whoa - let's all take it down to about a 7. No need to yell.
Making stuff is the killer app.
Thought I'd lose my mind earlier than this, but no, made it until 7 weeks & 2 days before crying in frustration. Sigh. This too shall pass.
Tell your #kids Thank You! This simple statement shows appreciation & teaches #manners by leading by example.
thanks fot following! Help us get more followers and we will send some drinks your way! Msg us your email to redeem!
Thanks, John. I'm gonna visit these guys and feel them out, been told they have good Atmos experience.
love it!
When I say "I LOVE YOU" i mean it!
:: Hey... if we could all just agree today is Wednesday, this week would be over that much sooner.
RT : Top 10 Tech Skills in Demand for 2012, Italy fines Apple, The infographic plague and more on Rob’s Radar...
Teach us how to dougie
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. ~ Mark Twain
nice work, Cardinal Richelieu, but everyone knows that Twitter is the most natural language to represent thought.
Is off to the Bishop Museum in Oahu
What an AB for Cano. 7 foul balls in a row and caps it with a 3-run bomb to give Yanks lead
Incredible sunrise over NYC this morning.
Those sound dangerous - will I have a #pulse the next morning?
Sometimes I look at humanity & think the only way we'll get along is if we're LITERALLY invaded by aliens & forced to fight together.
lol peyton manning is the new john elway. I see u some mornings when i cant sleep. I think ur on at like 4am
sounds like the perfect date! i'll be home saturday so expect that to happen next week! i miss you more!
We'll be open again tomorrow night, with the usual compliment of tasty things!
First lifting group got after it this morning. Hopefully Group #2 can have the same determination to get after it.
"She's cute, but not pizza-sharing cute."
Too much love can kill you?
People don't give to you, they give through you via webcast.
The FINAL show is TONIGHT!!! Do you have your tickets? After the show join us for our party (14 and V).
Hell no!
Sounds like SoCal but it's raining here today! AKA everyone is panicking and laying low.
Tayler the bitchmade creator is fucking weak as hell I mean how the fuck did he even get on? Nigga
Kinda sick of Idol having Tommy Hilfiger dress the contestants. I don't care, like at all...just get to the show already.
Hermia never wears a thong. "It's like having a tampon in your asshole, don't you think?" She's been drinking a lot.
A qualitative approach for quantifiable results. MindFirstFitness.
One of my problems is I care to much for other people that don't give a shit about me
Congrats to ! She recently moved back to #Tucson and is anchoring the daily 4:00 news
#Cocktails&Conversations at Forever Young Boutique at 7pm! Make sure you're there! You will not want to miss this event!...
I'm currently employed by an information agency that actively gathers & utilizes information about its own activities. This must be heaven.
Oh boy, nothing says childhood memories quite like tipsy mom on Mothers Day hehe
that's that sneaky power
That I haven't quite figured out yet.
Ok, if you tell someone you will hold your car for sale until they see it, and then they don't call....this makes me unhappy.
Aww it's gonna be alright!!! Get a good nights rest so you're ready for a fresh start tomorrow:) HUGS!
The official getting taken down is by far the best part of this game.
wordd you did my boy
I dont feel good…
Not ALL the ghosts. Eddie Brit was missing.
Psh, I try and be all cute, but I guess that failed. and, lol, I don't know, I have no idea, lol.
4OO followers!! yaayyy!! I remember last year when I started to use my twitter I only had like..3 lmaoo!! thanks you guys!!! <3
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: a dictator having a nervous breakdown, marshmallow peeps, escalator or elevator, "nor' kree-uh."
Amarello? Really? Can you just say amaretto and sour? Geez louise!
cool idea to open it up to the community!
If your talkin behind my back then your in a good position to kiss my Ass
Have you checked out the Creative Alliance Moviemakers?
AH. have so much FUN
Now following my fam Errybody go follow 1 of da sweetest young ladies I know!! FOLLOW HER NOW!!!!!
Working on a two-fer for My Old Toys tonight: In Memoriam for an Iron Man dragon and first appearance of a Toy Biz X-Men character.
He whose hand is clasped in friendship cannot throw mud.
Researchers say sleep apnea boosts risk of symptomless but serious "silent" strokes.
wow com down the sibling rivalry #mymomjusttaughtmethatword<U+E105>
Spring forward? Already? Ok! On it!
Just Twitter dipping. I've used airbnb before. Good experience & the price is right.
Faces of houston
Happy hour starts at 4pm today in the #Xerox stand #drupa hall 8b- come & relax with us, we have live dj & drinks for all!
Congress has received word of the surrender of the Fort at St. John’s from General Schuyler and General Montgomery.
Feeling kinda hungry....
I LOVE THIS! Did one of your patrons put this together?
hahaha. Gas isn't covered unless it is a preexisting condition. Hahaha :)
his little smile at the end of the episode after demi was told she got punked was the cutest thing ever
Hey thanks for the follow, Hopefully your new years was a bit better
Apparently the Oregon Ducks football program is dirtier than Ryan Braun's urine sample. But they can't use the Fed-Ex excuse.
So true! I would always check my forehead to see if it was smudged by lunch time.
Do you love the real housewives series? Tune into to hear creator Scott Dunlop speak about it!
Bike To Work Week. Hope my clients don't mind bringing their bikes during our appointments this week. Otherwise, it will be awkward.
#fridayreads Looking forward to some #AnnaKarenina before bedtime--almost too tired to hold up the heavy book, but not to absorb the words.
I'm in a weekly league. Should I put Kemp in or replace w/ Ibanez.
session finished time to rest
#RejectedPickupLines “You must be tired because you’ve been running through my head all night.”
Another beautiful day here in Kansas City! - I am loving these 60F days, but can't help wonder where our Winter went...
Thanks!! All done, went well!
it is so funny being rude to you.
Did we just see thug lookin dude get into a smart car?
"This is the day the Lord has made. We will rejoice and be glad in it." -Psalm 118:24 (NLT)
#SideChickBirthdayGifts Wassup with dinner boo? I made us a reservation at McDonalds.
she says I'm her special boy...Plus I don't have to pay rent...What of it?
I know what you mean, I just feel bad if you need anything I'm here forr you! Haha.
Hip-hop is dead. Punk is dead. Hardcopy Encyclopedia is dead. There, I said it. WUT??
I love how your tweets are so random!!!! ;) <3
Dear Kony, Cuts are red, bruises are blue, we caught and killed Osama and we are gonna get you! Sincerely, all the haters of you
Elephants only sleep for two hours each day.
word. I prefer winters there but summers are sick too. Boulder? Den?
deflated fans...
You are basically dating your friend without the intimacy.
Oh my god really? what school do you go to? we live in Vancouver too.
Sorry if i tweet weird stuff
Opening for new play Thebes at Theatre Off Jackson in Seattle produced by Friday Night!
This record was alright.... This guy is producing us!! Western Scene
I'm going to make this happen... No matter what...
TWISTED TRIVIA: What is #1 thing women HATE hearing men say most?
I swear, #DonaldDriver has the best smile in the entire world! Love you DD <333
#5 Red Carpet Club "right now" on the Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
I'm in, , for #WWS. Thanks for the discount for early reg. It's SO the one I've been drooling for.
Say hi to uncle Elvis for us. : "Big plans for the weekend...heading out to Graceland. Memphis, Tenn."
Skip thanks for the headsup on the CERES Project
: going to BBQ
um. yeah. whatcha doing today?
RT : Doubt is very easy to maintain, but it won't get very much done. Replace those doubts with positive and compelling beliefs
": Amazing how one comment can start an entire war" this was your boyfriend in 6th grade
Lovin your hustle!
We love media board :) #doesthiscountasbegging?
This month of being confined to my basement I've learned: despite their thin material socks really do make a difference in foot temperature
... while it has aimed to arouse public sentiment to help onward this improvement (1856)
oh I'll be down to play. I'm excited to try it!
just watching tv with my little sister:)
Much love to the seniors who graduated today!!
The gym hired a fine new blonde girl while I was gone, I'ma have to ask her out tomorrow
That'll be Obama's new slogan when he loses the election.
U just went from 88k to over 136k followers in 60 min...amazing! ": Time to get back racing, thank you for following!"
Named that nigga blender kuz he grind hard
21111111111111111111111111111, so excited.(:
Come on TMo. Walk it off.
: news u can use RT : Johnny Depp has it in his contracts that he gets to keep all the costumes fr his films. Who knew.
yes!! Go ahead
Anyone else bored
Thanks for the mention! How are things going
Hahahaha fuck yes! I still have all those CD's on my shitty old trooper of a laptop labeled "Maddie's Car" Nostalgia!
lol agreed. He's my boyfriend :) and best friend
aye bruh...knock that bitch ass niggas nose off!
WT EDITORS: Tessa is #reading The Brothers Karamazov, which she describes as "clever and multifaceted"
So... did you get a ticket?
Whoa! (Sorry for the Joey Lawrence moment). #Facebook just added #Offers to
#4c11 behind me, Marta track before, sleeping on the plane and then a hot meal at home
yes on an "Artrage" on an iPad program. Love it!!
All them fairytales are full of $h!t, one more freaking love song, I'll be sick, if happy ever afters did exist<3
Weird day
nope. All done.
Thank you for the #FF! Have a great weekend!
I was born to do boss sh!t sorry if you act like you were and really arent. Being a King doesnt fit everyone but I make it look lovely
If your from DFW come out to the RAIL CLUB this Saturday for the best local metal show ALL YEAR!!! We hit the studio thursday :)
May in general, for me. Found out yesterday Charter severed the underground water line for community garden.
I like when you tweet me.
#ablows Watched Nick & Nora's Infinite Playlist again Mon. night. Liked it just as much the 2nd time.
If you have an Android phone, and use the Yahoo mail app, don't get the update. It shrunk the page and inserted a huge ad.
If you aren't already .. #Follow .. shes superr nice. and really sweet. soo go follow her. trust me.. you won't regret it. (:
I swear man...this is unreal
Looking over the 1st rd picks. What the heck are the browns, rams, and seahawks doing?
Come on Wisconsin, what's with this weather? Can we just have sunny, 80's and the brewers???
Can someone please talk to me? Help me get my mind off stuff?
The advantages of body scrubs: an exfoliating treatment for your skin that removes dead skin cells and dirt, leaving skin looking
I usually see the same people up around this time.
Getting ready for work :p
Jerry Needs to vox Me Back -_-
is my new favorite artist. Awesome meeting you in Cleveland on Sunday :)
you are very welcome! :-)
If only you knew how much I think about you..
Coffee is done, time to light an incense and start cleaning my room...
Woohoo-we just got tickets to opening reception ce soir at
Hah! Wrong. No drinks for you! That's in September.
That's the spirit! :)
too funny
Kim Kardashian announcing that she might run for mayor is the first real evidence I've seen of the Mayan Apocalypse potentially happening
Our Intern is headed to the Scooper Bowl today!
So it's past 5, on a Friday, I'm still at the office and my screen keeps freezing. Is my computer trying to tell me something?
June is Broward Attractions and Museums Month (BAMM). Visit 17 attractions and museums for free. visit www.bamminfo.org for details
Getting re-contracted with a promise the client is older and wiser @ 80+, what a great affirmation. Love for all harm to none
Sometimes we are limited more by attitude than by opportunities. -Anonymous
If you still have a self-published copy, can I buy it ? #Inspired by your story!
Trying to figure out what to tweet about this week for the lib's Twitter account.
www.scoresreport.com/2010/07/23/fantasy-football-consultant-nathan-zegura-chats-with-the-scores-report/. Great interview with
#GWU, make sure to try the Indian food at Greenfields today!
My cats are geeting testy with each other. my dog is looking at me like, "well what are you waiting for? Break it up!"
Even in #Canada, the fans are sad..that was a shitty game..let's go
Is Cain going to tell women who were victims of sexual harassment that it's their fault too?
yep we are going to the Friday night game. Hope it's a win but those are hard to come by right now.
Just got home from hangin' out with , Lil N, Shirley, Arianna, Jennifer, Brent & Sean :D it was a great time!!!
Finally joined twitter...looking forward to keeping up with the rest of the world
or an immigrant visa, or be the beneficiary of an I-824 within one year of the visa availability date
I keep calling this kid by the wrong name!
So begins the battle for nerds' affinity for free highbrow online learning! :)
PEOPLE DYING EVERYWHERE, ON YOUR BIRTHDAY
Join us tomorrow, Sunday February 12 1-3pm to meet Miss Indiana Megan Myrehn and Miss Teen Mackenzie Surber
Pinkerton. How many years later, and I'm still obsessed?
People should not irritate me on this beautiful day at school
Sure. I can still do the panel
school with #msjustinbug !
um, I used one of those yesterday and literally screamed "DON'T S*%T ON HIS HEAD!" the other people at park were impressed
Bell Captain Phil and his team at the #Loews hotel in Philly just made me want to stay there when I'm back in town. #PLA12 see you next conf
It's another #AskAndrea AFC North Mailbag Friday! Tweet me your questions by 3pm Eastern to make sure you get your answer!
If I had a cop boyfriend, a mechanic boyfriend, a hairdresser boyfriend & an ice cream making boyfriend I'd be ALL SET.
Nope! expertise is more important than ever in facilitating user-generated content in visitor-centered museum
Translation...Senator John McCain proposes that Washington researches the idea of arming the Syrian opposition
And people stop tweeting about them new weak ass foam pros #SayNoToPros they like team J's forreal
Well hello the all the skirts, dresses, and vaginas I am going to see todayy
Dead Ocean is so fucking good. I can't wait to play with them again tomorrow.
Oh, how convenient!
"Eye use to be someone you would remember, but now Eye Am someone that you will never forget" <U+2605>Da Public's Eye<U+2605>
Congrats to my Aztecs! RT : If "REBUILDING YEAR" means winning a conf championship ... I WILL REBUILD EVERY YEAR
Just had a wonderfully nice interaction on ebay with a complete stranger. I love the holiday season, when everyone has joy in their hearts!
Dont think about what you dont have and start remembering what you do have
Sunpeaks Ventures to Launch Clotamin Radio and Internet Advertising Campaign in Washington D.C.
Programmed in Objective C, C#, Java, PHP, and Python before lunch.
the venue sucks with its security!
Dyeing my hair .
go degrassi and bring jimmy who the rapper drake plays back go go go degrassi
#PropB #BonnieDumanis says we need to go to 401 like private industry. #BobFilner says it will be setting us up for lawsuits.
Cameron Diaz is OK, but why can't Jeter bring his fiancée, sexiest woman alive, and Friday Night Lights star Minka Kelly to Ed Smith.
My dude finally getting some legit face-time on NBAtv's "The Association" lol! Bout time!
I won 20 bucks and the guy sitting next to me (Jared) won $250
anything for you, Mike!
Heading to #SXSW - Showcases on Fri & Sat
Thnx to & for the #FF's. Right back at ya & have a great weekend!
I'm an extremely Loyal person
KMSL good cuz them little shit's mean as hell
Loving the content at #linklove, just bummed I didn't get a picture with
Movieetimee w/ and :-)
shit said invalid add me DeuceOnTheL
thanks for answering my texts -.- did you get them?
Craving a French vanilla coffee from Speedway, must be this weather <U+2615><U+2614>
Yeah, okay, the Avengers looks amazing.
that intro bangs lol I go crazy when he says "if a n*gga rap dissing when I see em ima spray em like BANG" lol
Hate riding bikes
Thanks for the listing!
At a church service @ a Juvenile Hall. Many of the kids incarcerated here are facing life sentences. Very sobering.
Can't make it tonite. :( Maybe if you're not totally exhausted we can meet post-GI ambassadoring?
I'm not sure Battlefield Earth much qualifies as movie...
Why do people stop texting me after I offer to send them a nude?
goodlooking, I was tripping when I couldn't find it
RT Proud of 4 an incredible season on C.A. style + grace! ==> she should have won!
So sick of music shows like #Glee #TheVoice #AmericanIdol #Smash -the same horrible voices singing the same horrible songs. URGH PLEASE DIE.
Totally charmed by Rob Sheffield's paper on the nowhereness of LA music.
I always wonder what Mark could be doing while being locked up all these years...
Four Year Strong in academy 2 sold out yet? Can someone check for me
The only thing better than a 5 Star Hotel, is a 5 star Hoe.
Congrats to Sharon Cherop of Kenya - Women's winner of todays Boston Marathon. Finished n 2:31:50.
Praying for peace with friends - an efficient economy, more peaceful media and culture, healing for the earth.
Fesenko looks one crazy haircut shy of the Russian pitcher in Eastbound and Down.
you're very welcome(:
Hungry as hell wish I had someone to cook for me
"Forward, keep falling forward. The timing's right, you shouldn't fight it, just be delighted." ::reid jamieson::the unavoidable truth::
In Trouble? Need a Bond? At Hollie's Bonding we know "It's Good To Be Free". Ask for Agent Potter 24/7
I want to use my superpowers for good. You?
At both of my cousins graduation!!!:D lol
Who does a ghoul fall in love with?His ghoul friend.
All my #civilunion snark on NC won't change the minds of the folks voting for #Amendment1 - bc the only rights that matter are theirs. :(
who's ur worst enemy in wrestling ?????/
About to hear Superintendent of Public Instruction, Tony Bennett.
#NERCOMP12 attending "Building Teaching with Technology: Structure and Infrastructure"by BronxCC
"Largest new frontier: how life sciences will meet digital world." --Walker
thanks for including us on your awesome #womensempowerment list! We are honored!
An app contest in Baltimore would be a fantastic compliment to a new platform. Smart planning of such can curb common fallacies.
no robot here.
Wanting to open all the window and listen to the sound of the ocean....
I hear you.But I'm very sure all of our rights are being compromised by literally every arm of this administration .
Just arrived @ Redcliffe, Australia, a suburb of Brisbane. Went for a jog/walk. Reminds me of OB/PB 35 yrs. ago, with some Hawaii in mix.
RT : hey stranger long time no tweet lol hope all is well fam :-) <<what's good ma? Warning....I meant morning!
Attention Tablet users! See how you stand up against the average American via this very interesting Infographic. Any truth to this at...
good for u that's awesome!
Props to my boy reppin DC with his big money game winner tonite !!!
Phillip Phillips has a girlfriend; damnit. on the bright side he has the most cutest laugh, EVER. :)
My mom just made ice cream strawberries and cool whip and didnt leave any for me -_- thanks mom
Also they mentioned that #Austin was being recorded at the end. I totally walked in late, right across the front! Not cool.
Saw you as the human hockey puck.. Tough loss. You definitely looked the best though!
Life is what you make it you don't have to fake it no need to replace it just get up and face it you can still make it fear is not an option
pumpkin and cilantro.
C U next thurs ???
Hey man i need some help do you have access to photo shop?
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to. - Kahlil Gibran
Ok sorry didnt see it yet! Can you take pics for me then send them! I am like so dead serious now!
Someone should have told your mom that.
People need loving the most when they deserve it the least
Chase away those Mondays with a $1 #bartab drink!
My brain is now a tangled web of Franglais post- Good meeting so many great people from across the globe. Viva Louisiana!
": Tony: “You look different.” | “Violet: “I feel different. Is different okay?” | Tony: “Different is great.” –The Incredibles"
Working on my marketing consumer behavior group paper. The topic: video games consoles. :)
Me 2!! I wouldn't even be able to wear pants 2 bed during the winter. I also don't get ppl who wear socks to bed! UGH!
#followfriday is just another #MusicMonday for some people. Oh well
That moment when you say "Just kidding". But your actually dead serious.
The pleasure was all yours
It's Fall foliage season! Have a favorite spot to enjoy a nice afternoon outdoors? #ChevyFun #ChevyGirls OR SNOW COVERED LEAVES (gah!)
guess what. You're still ratchet
Thank you for following me here... I am now following you too...
Just bought #solisten! Such an amazing song. I can't stop listening to it!!! Congratulations Cody on an amazing song!!!
“The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.” – St. Augustine
Female Co-Host wanted for unsigned artist showcase. Must have personality, be self-motivated & somewhat attractive! Info: 347 249 9441
I don't want to waste your time with politics but Republicans in the house are about to DOUBLE student loans.
However, grown ups can control themselves & should be able to conduct themselves appropriately.
RT : is building 1,500 Easter Baskets for the Hungry at State Fair Expo today! Thank you Palermo's!!
cool huh. I made that last night after shoveling while the kids were sleeping
I don't think Zayn should be surprised if an avocado gets thrown at him in the boys' next performance.
Are you a big smoker? Or sounds awesome for other reasons? :)
Early start today, this lack of dinner service is throwing off my mental clock, not sure how I feel about it
read my two tweets. Lol.
Dipping with
#rereading The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao....infamous for its use of footnotes, lol
lol. I'm sure you've got people comin outta the wood work lookin for tickets!
Might have to play some midnight ball and think I'm westbrook
Have a great weekend everyone!!
Not only is a rock star nonprofit/communication/storytelling guy, I'm told he brews a mean coffee.
Can't wait when clippers
Ok no problem
Is a part of a rhythm nation.
Give that nigga a technical too for the dramatics
yeah, Metropolitan has a great beer selection... good for chillin out after some coworking. It's on our list!
Flexin on my old hoes, Stunnin on my hater
I want to interview AA2.Remember we were looking for the perfect site. hm
You should really follow your best friend's swag bro.
it's always tasted like hummingbird throw-up to me
Well shoot, sorry I missed the opportunity ~ perhaps another day to flyer for and connect for ?
boring twitter day
okay my love <3 love you geraldo :)
Thanks for following!
#bucketlistgoal peeing in the boys' bathroom.
where is my #lockup cellie? New episodes later
Hi Ryan! Just posted the meetup. We are gonna do the Hangar again, same little area! Hope to see you next Thursday :)
28 of 60 narratives done. hit my quota for the evening. now I get to sleep. ah.
i showed that to my friend and her ovaries exploded
ps I met your twin. Except she's early 30s & she's a lawyer lol literally she looks hella like you & is extremely intelligent!
Tks Local First!
Those Who Labor For My Happiness talk with Lucia Syanton and Dianne Swann-Wright is beginning.
Down by the riverside by agnes obel....interesting english class
[LIVE TWEET] Idea that democracies can not cope with climate change
fake page got a lot of followers ---> people have nothing to do
That spicy gryo i got today at was an amazingly good decision.
ready for a shoot!
Preparing to be depressed. @ Holocaust Museum
you are the girl I love. Just you. Long ever lasting with Austin. Goodbye, my lovely ex. Thanks for the love
Friends! I know ~ this Job Adventurer has been quiet.. you know us Bears (Me the Cubs Fan) like to rest up so we can Bring It:) I'm Back!
Baer - Most eduction instituions lack a business model to help them do innovation.
ha, I got rid of a ton when I moved...I'm sure I'll be adding back to the collection this week!
Make a plate, its time to eat. Make conversation. Make time to read what's on the minds of others.
Do women really mean it when they say they want total honesty? Cause when a guy opens up, they get freaked out.
That's good, hopefully you start feeling closer to 100% soon.
go to Springfield for what?
Great #EDGE meeting this week! Loving all the hard work from everyone!
Join Justino's fan page today!
I would personally want to be hammered in his position.
I really dig your Kickstarter reports. Keep up the good work!
please follow me! i love you so much! <3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN! I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS! <333
I'm going to go now. Our computer is slow and my bro will have his iPod the rest of the night.
TY for the interesting perspectives Not sure the blog tells the whole financial story for districts or
jade gets more nickyballz than i'll ever get
Thank you for clarifying. Greatly appreciated, Royce. :)
Why do you need a reason? Just do it! :)
cause you're genius!!! Congrats!
We are not friends anymore I just found out your hotel story was a lie!
you got this.
Anyone ever come back from a 15 run deficit?
I know that. But I meant are you having a grad party?
My butt kinda hurts after getting raped by that bio final
nice job pitching :) and swinging at the high pitch which makes you a loser! Haha just kidding
"The loss of human potential in K–12 may be the greatest national security threat…" – Dr. Rice
I'm gonna miss you at the NSN concert tonight! But I can't wait to go to one of your concerts sometime :D
Question from my blog: Is "The Hunger Games" a good book for adults to read? Answer: Absolutely!
Couple from Saturday night's bathroom/slap incident back in tonight. They got a golf clap from me and accolades for rebounding so quickly.
Thank you very much man i really appreciate you taking the time to check us out _Bryan
Sam Jackson has never said anything that wasn't real in some way...plus he got too much clout for ppl to try and play him
Heading off to the Women's Chorus dress rehearsal for my last undergrad CHOIR CONCERT TONIGHT
Boston #99TaxDay crew headed to State Street Bank - notorious tax dodger got $885M tax *refund* on $731M profits. So much for #FairShare!
Do yall pay or let the female pay???
HE IS MY FATHER!
& a part of the milby football team also on #dwts <U+2665>
Free screening of Bag It! starts at 1 at UMD College Park. Sponsored by , with an appearance by yours truly!
Thanks! RT : This cup's for you!
It is
that was fucked up today in class
okay what are you doing friday night i get off at 9
Makes a great point on how to get the real estate industry moving, a simple and effective move.
Immigrant justice clinic students at the National Press Club getting ready to release collaborative report examining DC Language Access Act
Thanks as usual for the mentions!
Spring break 2012
says stands for equality yet attacking sick and dying! hypocrit!!
...Megalomaniacs Ball tonight. Oh shit!
Authority is worthless without people's trust.
welcome (: and I'm Kamalani but you can call me Kama (: and okay.
“: Man everynight around this time sprint don't want to send any of my messages.”
SNOW WAY!
We love the Maine!! just played with them in November! (:
Get back to school and hella work needa be done.
Thanks for the update!
The will be at Kenton Station tonight 8903 N. Denver PDX for viewing party
Does it feel like Sunday to anyone else?
In the mood to be in the sun all day with a drink in my hand <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
Fattie with Maya(:
thanks Annie! Let me know if you try it!
What's everyone up to tonight? Let's drink!
@ WoW!WoW! Watch just mainstream news,eh? Your man, for ignoring the Constitution won't be around in Nov.
Who is AJ Jenkins!? What a JENKI a$$ pik...lol : I hope ur havin fun there in NY!!! :) 2nd round, here we go, ding ding!
I've been a horrible Twitter slacker! THANK YOU! We're always excited to screen for the CCFF crew. Looking fwd to this yrs fest!!
"I'm in a cynical mood this morning."
But of course - thanks for the consistently great cause marketing content!
Do you hurt the way that I do?
At the Zac Brown show at Phillips Arena. about to sing with
Let me get off this damn twitter and finish cleaning and packing up my shit!
Lol whenever white dudes arguing they always call you pathetic
Q. What's the difference between your wife and your job? A. After five years your job will still suck.
Best of luck, you will definitely finish. ;))
Certain comments on one of your FB posts made my eyes roll back into my head permanently this morning.
Ready to beast this test??!! #apwh who!!!
Anyone else think Arnie ruined a perfectly good Spanish phrase?
Party at L Bar for 's birthday right now- come rage
Who's gonna call on Sunday morning, who's gonna drive you home?
I didn't know about lame being ableist until I was in grad school with somebody in Gimp Girl.
I guess I'm the odd one out. Primarily use mine for reading and SocMed. Better start shopping "for research" ;)
Tobe Hooper's original is one of the best movies of past 30 years. couldn't they just not remake it?
haha siicck yess i love bass music!!!!!!!!! lol when i get my car ima make sure to have a nice bass lol my cars gna be so sexy =p
I would be there, especially to see get honored, but I'll be out of town this time :(
WTF. That just blew my mind.
Mad crush on #WizKhalifa. That laugh>>>>>>>>>>>
Ok, as a teacher I'm appalled. But if my kid was meowing at school? He'd have more than a cat crawl to deal with at home.
The people here really don't seem mentally qualified to drive
I wish the Rage Cage really exsisted. I would totally pay to destroy some shit right about now.
if only someone could press a shotgun to my head to make me write essays on time, or threaten to kill my kitty's, just a little push.
the job is goin good, im diggin it! I just can't wait for school to start back up
Interesting twist on the Dark & Stormy! AND YAY, YOU'RE ALIVE! How's by you?
#WeLoveGagaBecause She made us brave and we made her brave!
loll!!!!! I'm good just in NY for my music... I kinda stop trying to get them for the min..
Jay finally got it through my head not to run my mouth, so when you talk bout “you know who” I don’t know who you talkin’ bout
You still picking your feet in Poughkeepsie?
If you're driving home today and see a grown ass man in a pink bikini..it's Ricky Rio Cresto. My apologies now.
gosh ur rude on here and thinking u hvae the right to say bad words wow
finger slipped. You'll start giggling.
It is impossible to imagine the universe run by a wise, just and omnipotent God, but it is quite easy to imagine it run by a board of gods
Loving my new home in Florida
Internet works on the phone once again! Woo hoo!
no prob girl :)
Be the Light. -Rumi
Step 4. Make it girly and fun. Send her to We'll try to help...
just notice that you are a jerk !!
Don't worry about it, Erin! I was never mad at ya about it. What's new with you?!
the produce guy at Sweet Bay just told me i was beautiful on this lonely Christmas Eve. touched mah heart.
Won't forget that commercial! RT : #superbowl #adworkers #beckhamhm Beckhams body can do no wrong. Pitch-perfect.
Lets get it in! Not eating to much, but about to go HAM!
Lolol oh did & I sit in my car after getting home to finish #Glamazon just to hear SHE'S SO BLOODY TAOLL! Yes.
Churchill was playing Attack Danger Sock Toes with Leif in the backyard. It was a draw.
“: it was a tightly packed dazzle machine.” Well said. If I saw this during the day I would join the line again.
#ImNotLooking for a relationship
same for my xbox live tag. I'm gone atm and my fl is full,but send me a message and I'll add you
A book on entrepreneurship is about as applicable as a book on swimming. There is no way to learn without getting in the water
you & are the best pair on #DWTS this season. I'm voting for you as many times as I can.
I miss someone right now.
Leadership does not always wear the harness of compromise
Will look forward to hearing more. Your momentum is amazing!
Anyone else find it funny that rhianna played victim to being beat but she singing about chains and wips turn her on?
A teacher lists ways that her students value learning a second language and how they use it in their lives every day.
Well, well, well, if it isn't Mr. Popularity. ; )
If your not happy LEAVE don't make my life shit for no reason.
RT : What are you going to rock today?
we're on our cool J! See what I did there? <U+E405><U+E00E><U+E420>
I just want to, smoke a blunt, fuck my boyfriend, smoke another blunt, and go to sleep.
"I'm being a pussy about it...I know it."
I guess I must amend my I would never own an ipad sentiment to include unless I were blind.
Blue Oval is preparing some big changes for its upmarket Lincoln division.
People skills, communication prowess are the keys to Cal's success...one of the best motivational speakers I have ever heard.
That's some kinky shit!
Salmon colored pants in KC during the Fall...you're not in the Hamptons, former frat boy, and it isn't May. What a dick.
staying for one evening
converting oxygen into carbon dioxide and doing homework. just a typical Sunday evening.
I wrote a joke with "ninja-vitis" as a punch line. It will never be repeated.
Nicky clutch double to deep center. Now only down a run. #Dontcallitacomeback These O's are FOR REAL
How could archives use #NationalHistory Day to promote holdings?
A doctor 'provides healing from above down inside out.' That is my philosophy.
when editing on the subway, do u use a laptop, tablet, or phone?
: Very productive! Day 1 was for getting bearings, learning procedures. Good info online; for the rest its trial by fire!
I really dislike the type on path tool. I mean REALLY dislike.
#FF some of our great friends and supporters: , , , ,
It was great to see you even just briefly! Miss you in Seattle!
i want to learn how to play bass! someone teach me
Nice to have one more storm popping over Milwaukee. Small hail reported in South Milwaukee. Lots of lightning. NE Wind will cool us quickly.
did you really reach for the remote? I hope you reach as fast when the check comes for brunch.
Folks, the market is like a river. You can hope to shape it, but you can't make it flow uphill.
Had fun playing with the kids outside.
RT : Me are just talking shit to everyone at this party! :')
"Hello on the slopes. I love Virgin Atlantic."
hey lady, what's up w/ that statement? You good?
lost all of my pictures and videos on my droid
Where are manufacturing jobs going to come from in the future? From traditional industry, or a growing world of self-employed makers?
If u can
At the house being lazy...
3/4 done with "What the Night Knows" by #DeanKoontz. It has been an outstanding psychological and supernatural thriller!
A lot of people want the fame, but with the fame come problems. And you can think again, if you think money is the problem solver
Appreciate the classics? The #BigMac was created in Pittsburgh in 1967. We're glad this classic is still around!
Thanks Sean - we're thrilled to continue our growth and doing great work for our clients
whoops, their Twitter handle is My bad!
thanks for the help/shout out! What a nice compliment! :D
Great minds never die; they tweet and they eat Apple!
Just be who you want to be, not what others want to see.
Just handed the pups off to my parents. They'll keep them while we're in Vegas. Feel like a mom that just sent her kids to summer camp. Tear
3 more outs to work with. Let's see if we can come up with anything here - BB
Thank YOU!! RT : Big props for incredibly successful #RISEAustin12. Thanks so much for inviting me along!
Came home from my trip to Chicago. Greeted by a dead mouse. My new kitten, Henry, is a serious killer.
Roll one drink one
Morning twitter:-)
Congrats to 6'8 Eric Frederick of TWU being named RRAC Player of the week after his 42 point night against #26 Oklahoma Christian University
Microsoft Outlook in beta trials for integration!
Bye bye Droid. Hello iPhone. I love you already!
Towie :D time!
: Please please please follow me!!!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!! PLEASE <3 2
Ron Swanson singing Wichita Lineman. Yes.
access issues are strongest if you want detailed data to correlate with other course-/student-/instructor- related info
": Omg.....I hate when a beautiful woman has a cursing mouth."- same with men. Ewww
Somehow pulled a chest muscle so going to rest and play online poker until I heal up.
set clear expectations esp if users have to change their behavior
WOLV looks good...
RT : Last call for today's giveaway! RT.F to enter to win an prize pack (poster, shirt, stickers) 2 winners!
Am attempting a letter writing campaign to bring writing letters back. Handwriting multiple drafts seems daunting-might word process drafts.
FYI, if you're a 40 min hike from the truck and get stung by a scorpion, that's the end of work for the day.
Brain Floss: Tooth Decay is the 2nd most common disease in the U.S. after the common cold. Don't delay, call today! 757-486-4880!
That time we crashed an upstairs party at the steer????
RT : WWF SVP asked why he works w/ Coke. Says, "Moving from philanthropy to corporate change is what this century is all about"...
good luck. I'm right there with you.
and they will never remember what you said
*TRAFFIC* W Lombard St between Green St & MLK Jr Bl is down to 1 lane for a water main break.
Anonymous: Why does the Air Force want to create phony online identities?: By Tim Greene, Network World The international collective ..
Beyonce Pays Tribute to Etta James with Official Statement: “This is a Huge Loss…” -
yeah, I noticed lol..thank you for the input
Went out an treated mum to dinner, was fantastic :P
Commentary: NFL&#39;s new Nike uniforms impress players and fans
Who will win the AFC this year?
This is my life: writing up porcelain figurines and antique cameras on eBay. my mother should be so proud.
Not that u just brought me to this world; you made me a great person and thought me what is the most important thing. I love u mom the most!
Delmon Young has now entered #BEASTMODE!
The enemy does what he can to stop you in your tracks so that you are too afraid to walk into what God has for you. PRESS ON!
I'm in need of a Icy hot and a Gatorade
In January 2011, 69 percent of investors using Bloomberg terminals said Facebook was overvalued at $50 billion. That's $46 billion ago.
Dam i dont wanna work right now
a blind squirrel can't find a nut all the time.
Worries come from lack of faith.
We Vote for TEQA RT : Please RT "I love 's chocolate chip cookie, they are the #BestofNY "
fair point, but is he built to be that pass rusher off the outside? Perry seems pretty big, does he have the speed/experience?
I want to go to school here!
#Caps game tonight against the #Devils. Hope they can get their streak back up again, unlike the other night...
baseball game in the backyaard, oh yeah.
ouch that sucks :/ I know we don't really know eachother but sorry I didn't answer sooner and PLEASE tweet me tomorrow! ;)
go home!
Watched the first two episodes of #Homeland last night -- very intrigued and even more impressed by this #Showtime original series.
and we got the win!
Can I hit it in the morning
Hope everyone had a great day!
The location for my last sketch keeps postponing. But I'm happy to report I just finished pre-production on a new Glitter sketch.
I'm kind of glad I stopped doing heavy editing on reporters' stories. Let them muck around in the savage sludge of grammatical error.
Gentlemans sports day: afternoon tennis, evening golf. Wash it all down with a little college football.
I did shawty you late
great! Have fun! and Thanks!
You're so going to regret it
Happy New Year!
One of my colleagues bought #bionic the first day it arrived. He'd waited/longed for 8 months, passing on 4 others. Loves it!
I'm Bryan LaHair, I'm a 35 year old career minor leaguer but I'm still the best player on the Flubs roster
She gon tell me to bring some of my stuff downstairs and go up to get more. FK I LOOK LIKE TRUSTING ANY OF THE MF's IN MACOMB!?
3 more minutes
Brannnnndddoooon!Happy 21st birthday homiiiiie!You're so old,omg.not really,but yano...hope you have a good birthday(:
Thank you #pinterest for helping me pack all of my items into a carry on :)
I'm A Cleveland Player <U+2606>$$<U+2606>
S/O 2 MY GURLZ "HEISMAN" VIDEO DROPPING 2DAY....B ON THE LUK OUT!!!!THEY GO HARD
Mii phone been on silent all day !
Collectives can't be driven or controlled
Happy bday to my daughter finally 5, today whoa buddy lol
I can't stand this little instagram game some people are playing. like no, I don't wanna see all these random old pictures flooding my feed.
k street streetscape will take 15 months to complete to improve the aesthetics of K st in the triangle.
I'm gone. Too short. Nice and calm.
Not interested
Morning! It's 9:11 a.m. and I'm just laying on my bed being good all snug as a bug in a rug. What? There's a bug in a rug? I gotta go!
Voxer has changed the game in a major way. See, you used to "touch" screens. Now we "tap" to talk to...
Isn't that like watching the trailers before the film? You'd want to be surprised!
you're right. I'll let this one slide
Just bought a queen size bed from IKEA. Anyone available Sunday to help me put it together? :-D
The is always the Saturday before St. Pat's Day per producer
Happy Friday
Help trend "Mahomies Love Austin"?
32 more til 200!! WE FOLLOW BACK AND WE DONATE TO CANCER.ORG!! Help us #makeachange and #findacure!! :)
Man I have never fucked a female that danced da way she fucked
Hey, did you know resident Darius T. Epps is in 's Devil Boys From Beyond ? Runs 'til the 26th
Sign up for summer leagues going on now!!! www.internationalindoor.com
RT I am in awe of the love of friends. Such precious times! ! Vegas Baby Vegas!
it makes sense why wouldn't he try and go somewhere else?
so you come to Manatee and I don't get to see you what's that about. :3
iight famo ill chirp you on break
My dotter won third place in a local poetry competition last night--hard to say how thrilled she is. Good encouragement. Thanks, JCPL!
that had to be on accident u still in NY ? I'm in NC Bout 9 hrs south
hi hi
Maybe I'm just sleepy......peace.
name tags have been printed.
is that in action?
jhonny on the spot
I just realized, you finally reached 5,000 followers! Congrats frankie! :]
That is basically the best thing that has ever happened to me.
I don't think tht I've ever been this late to a preds game.
So nice to see a friendly face in the library We'll get through this!
He did it! Cool, huh? #POTUS #Obama affirmed he is fine with same sex marriage. Today's news!
thanks! we're excited :)
family TV night with Netflix-watching '24, on season 3. Love this series, never watched it when it was on, but great family viewing now!
smart move.
we gotta go today and next week cuz rosy said we have to do the 2 week notice -__- its stupid
Tell us what you want on your T-shirt??
Good morning & happy mothers day!
": RT after me: "It's time! It's time! It's time to #RiseNGrind "" let's do this!
follow back.
Well... I don't think anyone did, if I understand the parameters.
Janie thinks am a fuck, stupid, bitch, shit, fuck, yeah she has problems!!!!!
Congratulations! - made the Top 10 of Twitter's most influential people in #smallbiz. See the list: ow.ly/5lxJ1
do tell us Mr. Moore, what CD are ya listening to?
Great idea! Part of that #FAchat could be about transitioning student employees to financial aid advisor roles.
just one wishh , too make eveery single thing a memorable .
is the sidewalk lighting up
It’s easy to dig into bake sale cupcakes and grab a mini Twix from mom’s secret stash
Well HELLO lindzi's ass cheek
Book an online sports psychology | performance consultancy session from anywhere in the world from April 12th 2011 on www.louiseellis.com
I shall be ordering more soon!! I gave away 2 tins to friends who did not know about you!
procrastinating on multiple projects since I remember my New Year's resolution was to slack more.
RT : Holy booktastic! The new site is up, and it's a beaut! They totally skipped the awkward-growing-pains...
to freakin cute
Intersting FACT: You can order a Whopper at Burger King in more than 1,000 different ways. Whoa.
We're working out 1 last technical problem and will let you know when we have the site up, shortly. we appreciate your understanding
Don't like Austin? Don't listen to his music. Simple as that.
Right when I thought everything was going back to normal...
I would give Lucky One something around a D. Much like The Notebook, it drips with montages and melodrama.
Baseball novice question: what's the difference between 2-seam & 4-seam fastball?
How bromance happy are u guys Petey already got a call up? Lololo Love u crazy fukcs!
this months POPSTAR? I thought January?!
Romney 2012: Because being principled is so gay.
I'll save that walk for a strong finish. Lol
Before I post more findings from ancient history &/or the New Testament texts, need 2 remind u of some differences between Greek & English.
Happy Easter everyone!
extremely sick... are those are legit new jerseys? i wish we were in euro...
Guess ima just chill. Moms cooking steak and making salad so it's not a lost
Unfortunately I'm not going to make it to #Orange this year but the Children's Pastor from will be there.
It is not the person who has too little, but the one who craves more, that is poor. ~Seneca
Mom is refusing to walk while on the fone bc the news said ppl who walk and talk have a higher risk of hurting themselves. It's cold out!!!!
dude shut the fuck up before I block your ugliness. I know your still mad I beat you in NHL. your a clown dude.
i can't wait for sunday! This is going to be awesome! #excite :D
Owners? You mean authors? research funders?…or publishers? And what survives should be what works!
I can feel my heart pounding harder with every minute you don't reply.
25 INTs in rookie season, maybe?
Good luck tonight. 3 points
Why be fake? In the end, the truth comes out and when that happens, you’re standing alone.
How Soon before you think More States throughout the US will Legalize Same Sex Marriage for Couples throughout the Country?
The season is bullish and the stock markets are falling. What does this tell you?
yup!! Winning!!
ugh. No. Im shopping for shoes for my dress :/
Remarkable that the Kindle Lending Library only available to primary account on Prime Membership. Even though I don't have a Kindle.
New Mexico! I'm visiting a friend and roaming around Santa Fe, Albuquerque, and a Native American reservation.
listening to Love Drunk in celebration of being alive another year(: thank you god! LET THIS TAKEOVER START. HAPPY BIRTHDAY CLEO(:
un huh! Smh don't make me have to come in there!
LOL HOWV ABOUT THE JUST RUN ON THE BEACH NAKED WHILE WE WATCH ;)
The blog I've been writing has over 16,000 views.
"You look nice today..." Uh, was I ugly yesterday? -_-
Last Day for the Childish Gambino Camp Tour, come check us out for one last performance tonight at the Fox Theater in Oakland California.
‘The Tradition’ 1867 After losing her father, a woman unwittingly takes a job as a maid ...
Last day being a freshman. #SummerBreak ;)
haha so true, but to be honest before I die I want to party with Joey Barton. I feel like he goes hard loll
Poor thing. It's happened to the best of us. lol
I empathize. enrolled my kid in steelers kids fan club, like 10 years before she was eligible.
#SteveJobs StanfordSpeech2: “It clears out the old to make way for the new. Right now the new is you...” bit.ly/owfEZp
I'll text you right now!<U+263A>
Redheads are the shit! If I ever find another redhead as cool as Krista Carlson I would just die! Ugh, she is just AWESOME!
Check out my music, all solo tracks are available for free download, link: www.reverbnation.com/cynical303
and I figured wth let me get some new bling with health in mind, and you post that. thank you :)
you earned American badge with over the edge?... Isnt that an import?
Our website is under construction, but we can personally take orders and ship them to wherever! Txt (971-645-2447).
You're right! just sent email to donors,said he's always believed in gay marriage. What was "evolving" about then?
Damn , what they say about me?
The Region 7 APS panel is now reviewing app# 120025 Southeast Neighborhood Development Inc.
Happy Sunday!! Today there is an event at Transformer Gallery by Logan Circle at 4pm. I'll be there taking photos
watching American Idol!
can't wait to travel again. missing homies.
They cant wait for me to stop.... But all the real niggaz cant wait.... To see one of us on top
Best book I read this week - Moribito: Guardian of the Spirit. A martial arts fantasy/adventure with a girl character who kicks butt too!
is providing healthy, nutritious food that is grown by sustainable agricultural practices.
Love is the weapon for this wounded generation NeverShoutNever
I'm off on weekends so I'm tryin ta prolong my evening as much as possible
It's funny how a song can take you back to memories you thought were lost ...
Valerie D
Rondo did his thing tonight. Celtics still gon pull this first round
just turned in my final. 1 down 3 to go...
Happy birthday !!! Love and miss you. I must see you soon!
im on here bitches
this song is actually on my radar
runnin to store brb
Jamming out to Lydia in the car. Doesn't get any better. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
nothing is better then a 30 min phone call with my dad & little bro
with what may we help?
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Dad was proud of Legal Services b/c of its "potential for changing the system under which people’s lives were being exploited."
Its hard for me to tone down my fierceness. I can't be tamed!
Would love to have all who are affiliated with the WSOP/WPT connect with me on Facebook. See you all soon in Vegas and good luck 2all Thurm!
I drink a boost for breakfast, an ensure for dizzert, somebody order pancakes I just sip the sizzurp
So many new followers. Xo! Vendor invites going out: News to follow of who is reserving spots at our first event July 29 at the New Hazlett!
you are my fashion crush so any help appreciated!
Rick Siskey is grateful for the opportunity to help entrepreneurs realize their dreams.
Friends forever!! Duh! Lol
Seriously, I should have gone to culinary school. So excited for my angels to eat my goodies. Hopefully they are delish!
Gramercy Tavern of all places. Not my first choice but excellent meal.
Sarah Drew (aka April) on #Greys could totally play Ana in the screen version of #50Shades. Although Alexis Bledel would be better.
RT “: Pizza 2: This Time It's Personal Pan”
Where did the weekend go? Thankfully I have and to get my Monday underway!
True!! I guess fame just gets to some people!!:\
My boyfriend went to a party tonight and I couldn't go because I always have to work too late. Being on salary SUCKS. I want my life back!
Did it. As much as possible at the moment, sorry it couldn't be more. But very happy you hit the goal, congrats!!
#FF to the most awesome unstationary stationary bike! Perfect for REAL training as well as an awesome workout!
You can never be angry at people for being who they are. You know why? Because you have warning signs and red flags, but don't take heed.
Wow. Apparently there are 900 community organizations in Baltimore - a sign of health, but not if there is little collaboration
Bye Denver! Miss you already!
Hey Trey!! Yes we do! Ill request some tickets!
#TurnToYou is actually a great song, , loves you!
Okay people ya don't just stop in the middle of a roundabout!!!
Mrs. Walls is gonna be more uptight than usual today.
If I'm not mistaken, I should be crying; all the time I spent with you, didn't you do all the lying.
There's 3 kinds of showers.The 'Get Ready for Work' shower.The 'Just Gonna Run Errands' shower & 'The Guy I'm Banging's Coming Over' shower.
Wow, no youth baseball games today. Relaxing, cleaning, organizing.
Naked fish. Sank you beddy much!
peace. Same here.
My mom just told m to open my window cuz it smells too strong. Goddaamnnnnnn hahahha
RT : Join us for Ann Rhoades at #VisionWFS: Built on Values: Creating an Enviable Culture That Outperforms the Competition...
Why am I so possessive about the amount of sleep I get
@ Dallas BBQ's eating way too much
Why do people get so creepy at the end of the year?
Okay i will a second <3
Hyundai genesis i wish i owned u lol
laughed so hard... still am ... will be til when 2020? Let's take bets.
3 first rounders? No thank you
hey, could u send me the links and chapters from the nick Mara love story?
Deal. And you might want to grow your hair out some.
Happiest of Hours! $2 Millers $3 Tall Rails
Tweet tweet come in and get some fetherluxe extensions, and or a great cut, color by one of our fantastic stylists!!!! <3 ya all
Sometimes 140 characters is just not enough! There. I. Said. It!
So glad you are here, and congested again!
Oh man we going to be partying!!(;
Let's focus on the unattainable.
The grinch !!
Glad you enjoyed it at least :-)
edge thinks everybody steal from him ,lol
Ok What The Fuck Is a list?
we are playing with authority zero and voodoo glow skulls on feb 8th at mohawk place. buffalo,ny. !!!
WHY U SALING UR FOOD STAMP KNOWING UR KIDS HUNGRY
Dude, you are beyond amazing! I LOVE your Scary Monsters guitar remix <333333
Had to spend my emergency beer money on tampons. This is my life.
Every family should have affordable housing.:D Thank you for helping us spread the word bout
We didn't come back in the Brinks truck but, still good times!
cannot make it to LA, would you be a sweetheart and send me one?
'Tiny Fascists - A Boy Scout Musical' opens tonight I get to wear socks.
yum!! are you going to see matt tmrw? come up to SF with him!!
We've got donuts today at Cully market. Ne 42nd and killingsworth.
Come downtown and tell me Maryland doesn't love the #Orioles. Tons of O's gear. A blanket of orange. Forget the owner BS. Baseball is back!
Is this at the SDMA? Will there be audio or video available?
“: No gifts from Bermuda for you ROFL”/lol
Tuesday soundtrack: #AlloyOrchestra's score to Metropolis
follow me please:)
Hey how you guys holding up? Suicide is not the answer.
Calling ALL OFFICIAL participants of the Parol Ng Pinoy COMPETITION, follow the star to FPAC 20!!!! Check this out: www.filamarts.org
I wish I can go too bvm without no drama and have fun but ikk i won't, i went pass it and it looks the same from last year.
Pulled pork, that is. Well, there is pork and there will be pulling. Ok, that doesn't sound much better.
Just sharing the love...!!! Good luck :)
on what?
And at the conclusion of the first, the #Marlies lead 1-0.
hope to see you guys tonight. Frontier bar at 10! Come and hang!
": HYFR ;) I can't wait => ": nice pic boo" thx suga! Are u ready for our show tonight?”" Lol 4sho
For #inspirational #messages and #life changing #ministry events,
Thanks for the conference yesterday! Great information, great discussions
Thank you for the RT of my networking tip, much appreciated.
tell me more tomorrow about your 519 topic idea? cited research online?
saw you on 2nd ave today... No?
very pretty. Body is banging!
just getting back bruh, but believe me when I tell u, dat joint is Worth da Money, Avengers dat is! Now its The Money Team time
learning about the medicinal values of vultures.
Last year around this time I was so happy I was graduating
soo, how are you today? (:
There are no words...
: but 1000 is such a nice rounded number, why change it :)
Free tickets for the Stoke City game on August 1st? Yes, please :)
Heart these powerful gals too: <U+E106><U+E14C><U+E022>
as long as we can still run the arm museum steps tonight... ill be okay! this weather had better cooperate today!
Yo and im back in NY 30-2nd where will y'all be?
A teacher asks why PE, Music, Technology and other programs' budgets are expanding while Foreign Language is being cut.
smile, be happy-your sexy as hell!!!
It's gonna be a helluva party!
beyond giddy to show you what Edible Details made for my Ladies Tea this weekend!
hit my line sometimes tho
We all have that one friend who we greet with an insult
While your watching the commercials download Playd on the iPhone app store and Android Marketplace...show off your game collection
Dreamed last night that and I had a baby boy. Noah wasnt there for the birth and the baby came out looking a year old.
New Jersey at Philadelphia Game 2 on NBC Sports Network, 7:30PM Tonight - TVbytheNumbers
I saw u on the screen lol
Didn't think 2nd round games could be so boring...
Help a house museum out! I want to engage the ghost tour guides who stop by our site every night. Generously. Creatively.
so tired, just wanna watch football with Grandpa and not answer any questions, and of course, eat some apple pie!
when I see you on the streets in his arms, I get weak. My body fails, I'm on the ground, prayin'.
You've heard of Care Bears, right? Well, meet me. I'm the Don't Care Bear.
Oh yeah totally. More fast-passed. If I had the money I'd live up here.
Lol occupiers in portland r building weapons ..... help the homeless out city hall oh yeah
TYTY RT Looks so #ONOlicious ": New #JUST4FUN item...Puffy Taco filled w/ Parsnip Potato Puree & some Scallion
#averysunshine just rocked the house @ #chastain park in #atlanta. wow! don.t sleep on her. I already copped album
Loves feeling like a nothing when it comes to my friends.
too bad this paper wont write itself
yeah ;o
#SometimesItSeemsLike you do see my tweets about how you should date but you ignore them
10-0 how? That's ridiculous
#Chuck... those cats are bananas
That's sounds awesome!
haha,wow u know me so well. :D ;) but u can do the same stuff with a popcorn box xD or company. <33
"The real impact of energy innovation happens only when brought to scale" - Richard Lester at MIT Energy Finance Forum
Kings 11-1 in playoffs....fuckin video game stat right there
quick way to get black listed
Cold water is SO delicious.
the holidays has made me lazy
Early morning rain in Vegas-best way to wake up, nothing better than the smell of the desert after a good rain!!
- You are one of my singing heros. I have all of your music. Thank you for being you.
Tools of the Trade!
lol damn u got me thinking with that one lol
How can I believe in God when just last week I got my tongue caught in the roller of an electric typewriter?
RT via : 35mm is not dead, landscape is changing. Archives & exhibitors can work together to keep it alive
your hired! Thanks for the quick response Pittsburgh. Cheftable.tv will start airing early January.
kids with divorced lives hav better lives than kids whose parents r together trust me i know ppl
Be sure to watch us on this Friday with ! We’re presenting our clothes on the Green Fashion Show.
Excited for the Colorado Teen Lit Conference today...great way to end spring break and get back in the swing of things. :)
I'm gonna get one of them and some sweat pants and ride the bus.
Good Night And Beautiful World! Have Sweet Dreams Both Of You:) #whenyourthinkingboutmetext143 <3 143%
'Tis a lovely one indeed – loved winding through the neighborhoods (). Big Sur? A spectacle... albeit a painful one.
I told Howard until 11:00, so just for two hours.
Keep the pressure on,
Happy Spooners Day . . ya know - a spooner? That's when your mouth spits out something different than your mind wanted - goo yit it?
Happy b day bra
ever since i read a book that a clown killed a boy i've been afraid of clowns :( and i was 5 yrs old when i read this
Voting resource: 1-866-OUR-VOTE for any voting related questions
and our food safety bill is still languishing in senate
Grant is one of my favorite coaches, for sure. Tough break for him, two very nice teams.
Everything is turning green! #i<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>spring
Real Friends, Step Back and Knuckle Puck House Show tomorrow!
ok how the hell did i lose 2 followers dont use me to get a follow then leave me hanging i clean my twtter closet every monday
This nigga still the best
LOVE! RT : Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions. - Edgar Cayce
I have the best boyfriend ever <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I miss my baby
I'm not mad at all that its raining I hope it rain all month on everybody
On the way to UNC for my moms graduation ! I'm so proud of her
Really? RT": SO iM STiLL TRiPPiNG OFF OF THE FACT THAT MADE A ViDEO TO "HiGH PRiCE" <<<<<< WHEN i FOUND THAT OUT .!!"
and I didn't want to bother u.. I came here all the way from Wst Virginia
That horrible commercial should never be aired again. Even the new version sucks.
What is impossible with men is possible with God. -Luke 18:27
Just submitted to "SXSW" fingers crossed!!!
Love personal assistant, Vlingo!
Teacher: put ur head on ur desks!! Kid: my mommy told me not to put my head on desks..
RT Tickets just $19.99 each when you purchase 4 or more!!! Buy online at www.knotts.com or in person at Soak City!
I'm bored
In case you were asleep when I announced this... Here it is again...
No I produced the video and I'm managing their project. Surefire is involved too, we should get you on board!
to be honest, I'm a great teacher but if you not willing to learn then my ignorance kick in..
3 General Features of Crime: actus reus (criminal act), mens rea (culpable mental state), concurrence of the two
Boston here I come!
Last season was so good! Love that show!
I'm so bored
Transit policy, sometimes.
Jenna Marbles is fucking hilarious
#nowfollowing .. Follow back?
OMFG HE FOLLOWED ME
I'm done making sacrifices for us when you could care less about making things work.
... #1 useful feature is how easy it is to connect to my twitter and linkedin contacts. everyone needs this.
I'm so lazy& sleepy..... i don't want to read :C
Here's your Mayday basket! Enjoy!
Rita Izzaguirre of giving excellent keynote on workplace diversity at #tagdiversity awards
follow psychotic, heuristic algorithm HAL at
Thanks i'll be back in May, sounds like a plan!
I just got called a bitch and a hoe in #Atlanta for no reason wtf!?
cheers! exciting.
#BackInElementarySchool was like my best friend :)
aww thanks baby <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> LOVE YOU
same here how you been what's new?
I love feeling needed.
Yes. You'll find a slight sparkle in the Aveleda Vinho Verde.
Its so hot, I'm using my fan... #itsMarch?
Fuck love because everytime I put my heart out there it gets stomped on.
RT : Thx so much to for good refresher/best practices. Thx always to for hosting/corraling us.
yes i do wish to marry you(: Lol...na i accept you as a friend<3
Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you. -Unknown
Severe weather threat contingent on available heat and moisture, Friday. Best chance of svr storms late Fri aft/eve, especially in SW WI.
Twitter - Pick Up line at its finest. RT : how old are you? v. curious ;)
Hit us up for a commercial, music video, or corporate video. We have some crazy specials going on right now.
Much easier to count things than use data to improve process, says But that doesn't get you anywhere. #SMAS12 #measure #yes!
thank you, you're one of the most amazing girls I've never met lol <3
pretty much
My fellow tweeters...if you know what is good for you, you will vote for
Lunch today at Cacsai in Mtn View. Tapas, yum! Thanks, Boss!
On the train in Italy-taping a TV interview plus small performance tomorrow for La7
Life's Been Just A Shit Ton Of Boring Lately!
please do
Twitter is lame. It's so hard to use. But I do like to tweetins.
I Hatee Last Minute Customers!
[Prov 16:24] When we have been wronged, we have the power to forgive & prevent our negative feelings from causing harm to our physical body.
man i just love everything and everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!
"stop thinking about him cause he's not thinking about you" if only it were easy to stop.
It's official: I'm the author of Library Technology Reports v.47 no.2. Quick, anyone know what mobile tech will look like in Feb. 2011?
Up late
Team Fresh takes the tourney title, but not without a fight from the Bolsheviks. Final score 11-8.
Gosh I really miss Ms. Jones, Mr. Hallmark and Mr. Morgen they are the cool teachers!
yum! always tastes amazing but having it be free.. well that's just awesomesauce!
Better than yours. RT :
With Google buying Motorola and Amazon releasing a super affordable tablet, the Android platform just became much more interesting.
#808Pride tell him u or videos games& if he say videos ask him if he want kool-aid& if he say ya then bring it back & pour it on da game :D
Happy Mother's Day! MOMS: Come in today to get a free cup of coffee!
It really says a lot about the person you are when the background on your phone is a picture of yourself...
yup right back to square 1 and MDA I think wore out Lin's knee playing him so much before he quit.
am watching :D
maybe she was sober...(?)
working nonstop! working out nonstop! gigin' here and rhere! God Is Good!!!
awww...who left you? You're bf?
#Civilization has been forged through #competition.But to become #civilized it must unfold through
we're getting together in #OpOliver this afternoon if you can make it
no one hires someone who bitches constantly.
st discovered and all his #fromspace pics. SO AWESOME!!!
i love you
Be careful on who you add as friends on #foursquare, you're telling people where you are.
RT : Dear Followers, In 2.5 years you have not known me to be the pest you dealt w/ tonight.Good news is,it's over.Forgive me
But you had good news tonight too ;)
Doing a private gig downtown tonight!! Playing Top40/Electro & Indie Pop Remixes!! Lets Work!!
Good morning! I want a doughnut. Talk me out of it!!
- are you back in Indiana??
this girl has had similar bad luck. So she said to go ahead and change status but didn't want to link profiles just yet.
Tweeting "Notable Moments" from my presentation last week on "Partnering with Constraints"
really? yay! squirrelly is a great descriptor of what #WASnow can do to the roads :-)
Really Excited for Boot Camp in the morning! It's gonna be GREAT! I'm staying up late to make sure the workout is great! lol! Goodnight!
love you.. proud of you.. it's coming!
It's been a long, hard road trying to reform this organization, but in the end, its been worth it
How is the city this weekend? Going to the game?
Teenagers: you give them an inch, they swim all over you.
Keep waking up super early. I need to take this as a sign to get my lazy butt to the gym....Hate the gym...
is giving away a pair of tix for their show in a few minutes!
I love you so much! You're truly inspiring and I hope you never stop what you're doing!! <3 x I'm a BIG fan :)
Private dinner for 450!! Underway and looking great!
I mainly just retweet now because people can always say what I think better than I can.
Rather delightful day! But despite sitting outside for about three hours, I have NO color still.
I love that you never evolved much farther than 7 years old.
If you don't know what #2Live is..
So happy that the VA is going to cut me open and screw a metal plate on my bone. Saves me $20,000
sorry i was really mad at julia
Yay! Go Trish. RT : Finally! Actually sat down and wrote again. Felt good. 507 words. Got my quota.
still watching animal planet, lol, it's my favorite channel.
Hi , yes, is opening in the Eastlake Design District. Tentative ribbon cutting is April 18. Thx for your interest.
Actually we cannot DM you unless you follow! You can call 617.457.2616 & ask for Jennifer. She is awaiting your call! Apologies!
The only way to get something done is to take action. If you fall down, get up and try again. Never give up!
Follow and WIN a HD Camcorder Monday June 6! Luv this site 4 great daily deals!
What's your type? Example: Beck likes Skinny Bitches, Kimberly likes a guy with a job, Pat likes commie hippie vegan libs.
lol not they've always been called dance clothes :) :O oh no you didn't, you just called me ms Gucci hochie D:
I need more iCharger's
Thanks Trace H. for the #GooglePlus account!
RT : Yea it Does RT : that track go hard bro...
Waited 10min for Starbucks to screw my order. As loyal customer, this is highly upsetting. Good thing I'm not allergic to chocolate.
My debt is paid in full and I can live, really live, because He Lives! All of me in exchange for ALL of Him!
Donut count = 2! Maybe its time to pawn the rest off on my coworkers
love u too bf
WOW ": When Lance Armstrong landed on the moon the Dos Equis Man was there sitting in lawn chair waiting to greet him."
Just watched Pootie Tang from start to finish, new low point in my life.
lol perhaps the best kind.
Just stick to your plan and price targets. Wouldn't suggest trying to scalp this chop.
that's because it's the hottest thing at this party
just ate some ben and jerry's. So feeling you!
CINEMATOGRAPHY: Christian Berger, The White Ribbon Runner-up: Barry Ackroyd, The Hurt Locker
Hey Cleveland OH! Our Pre-sale tickets for the Sleeping With Sirens show on 3/3rd are selling really fast, so let us know if you need one!
Thank you, MLK, for all you have done in the world, and for your sacrifices.
Saturday forecast for Happy Valley: Heavy snow at times = Double
Yes! Now have all of 1915 restaurants, and the data are squeaky clean.
Gotta admit, it took me a while to admit my #ADHD #ADD diagnosis (which was made just over a year ago).
Gym it up, buddy
Twinkle lights make everything better.
I vote for tequila. Haha
I know its so windy in the city!
you talking about Dr. William Serrata?
Im pretty sure this qualifies as the worst day of my life.
Turned off Lakers.
Omg. You guys!
If the Japanese Club of San Francisco wanted more members, it would serve other dishes than fish.
Starting to realize I have nothing in common with a good friend. Awesome.
we have a problem -__- so mad!
AMC; Great show tonight! 4 more to go!!!
Oddly easy. He's probably the simplest thing in my life... starting to eat real food and is 6 months old somehow?
#np Wedding Dress by what a way to end my night. Beautiful vocals to put me to sleep. I love u, Taeyang. Happy birthday haha
Nice style photos on your recent images
Also doing a good job in #TheHungerGames was Wes Bentley. what's with the beard? is that going to be a thing now?
Come back to Pittsburgh!!!
Great game by the Guins, dreary day outside makes for a good day to do school work with little distractions....hopefully
WHO IS STOKED FOR WARPED!?
RT : "... and you too have come into the world to do this, to go easy, to be filled w/ light, & to shine."~MaryOliver
Mel C denies Spice Girls&#39; feud
Decided to be late for school today just because I wanted to go on a Starbucks run
hello) how are you!
no im busy working on projects and auditions :(
They all leave when you've been knocked down and when you rise they all wanna ride.
What store?
Meryl Streep
LOUIS TONIGHT!!
Future album go hard
RT : Who's in town for #wdc12? Meetup TBA w/ and I tonight ~7pm. Stay tuned.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN!?
oh god, yeah. Bon Iver has gotta be a sure bet. That won't get me there, though. Hell no.
Can't hit a free throw. Oh no. Please Norfolk State.
Did Twitter account get hijacked? Who the hell is in control of ??? LOL
whoa wednesday! where did you go so fast! I watched my favorite almost-1 yr old and then taught some fab hs kids at northview.
north won!...roger franklin walked away with mvp of north vs. south game and a national honor.
spend about 1 year of your life looking
For the next 27 minutes swing by Mile High Vienna Stand and get the deal shown here: 5 Chicago Dogs for $10
Zack and Drews lacrosse game tomorrow? (:
Me too, but at least the sun is shining RT : i feel depressed.
Home Safe!!.....Seen a Couple Followers Tonight!!... Didn't Get to Polly wit all of dem tho!!.... ONE DAy!!...Talk to me
Just got our fund allocation letter from the Illinois Arts Council. A mountain of paperwork has never looked so good!
Okay... #nbcsmash -1, #getglue - 0 ...Methinks I'm at the end of my social media site joining...
#WhatBrightensUpMyDay are the people in my life. Im very appreciative of them:)
To refactor or start over/redesign. Latter seems like a rabbit hole, but also inevitable. Bleah.
Really beautiful music is coming from Andy and Jeff. It's going to be a blast adding vocals to the new compositions:)
what's goin on?!
Our team needs 10 female participants for a #Phoenix Focus Group next Wed at 5! $40 plus products! Email us
so close to 300 i can taste it. someone help me get one more follower? :))).
Thanks for RT!
omfg these cybergoth videos i cant omg
You can tell we're in our mid-30s when the party starts breaking up around 11pm.
Im hopefully not the only one that has peoples number & still starts convos on my statuses ;)
yea but now it's public :)
Note to self...house parties bigger than 5 ppl suck. Not gonna do that again!
lucky man. i would imagine then, all the woman he keeps close to him are stunning.
don't let nobody ruin it
very cool. thanks DL.
lol, they been on me all damn day!
yes, like bitch DO NOT come at my bestfriend/sister like that !!
RT : I got a promotion/spam email with a PowerPoint file attached. It was instructions for the sender on how to send the spam.
There are few things better in life than seeing the #Cubs implode! Go #Cardinals!
The Proclaimers are on the radio and it makes me think of
Fuck me running who would like to give me $$ for Christmas road trip? Please!?
That awkward moment when you know the person you hate is still breathing.
Okay Blackhawks. Let's go!
hey Lauren. Lol.
And I'm pretty sure I fall in love twice a day, but I never forget the people I care about <3
Un-epic tweet, bro! RT : That awkward moment when you're trying not to look when someone is staring at you.
It is just us but we are playing an 8 song set!
I blow more money on my car then it's worth straight up.
Have a stack of paperwork to finish before you leave the office for the long weekend? Place an order ahead of time for pick-up. 619.255.2856
Sick! I'll look it up!
My list of followers is a fairly exclusive one, onn that includes both Macgruber and Cinnabon among its ranks.
damn another yorkie died. im not good with dogs
right im sawdy I can only call out and text out but cant receive
Just finished my cover of Perfect Strangers.. This will be interesting
Reading all the tips and horror stories about dealing with family on thanksgiving makes me realize just how lucky I am to have my family
Slowest. Day. Ever. I just want it to be #Brewers game time!
agree. When they finally win a World Series, the partying will be legendary. Their fans are hardcore. Nothing like them.
Cant wait till i get my new snapbacks
it would make my night to get one tweet from you
that's a joke right?
Mazel tov to Selfhelp on 75 years of dedicated service to Jewish victims of Nazism.
ThanksB I want to do drinks tonight somewhere! Any suggestions?
I got a walk in the first round of the HU in the Norwegian Championship. I guess that is a good thing :)
Oh man Parenthood. This is good stuff.
[Live] Late-night w/ INB4 on Freqbase, tune in!
would you like a side of epic with that fail? #loser!
#How2MakeABlackPersonMad suggest purchasing insurance and transferring the title before shopping for new rims.
I need to tan somethin serious. Im a sorry excuse for a Puerto Rican -_- the winter was bad to me!!!!
i love my wife , she brought me home an arnold palmer!
Thanks for the RT! Appreciate it.
"Page Side, Rage Side"
Nope, the funds utsa pumps into ticket760, so UTSA has paid for his support! so Taylor now backs us :-)
Not attending this year, but maybe I'll come in to see friends. Let's email!
I think ur nice (:
It's 8:30 a.m. and the phrase "whale placenta" has already appeared in an article I'm reading. Time to go home.
then successfully got kicked out by the principal. swaggggie
I Miss You Too .
Thank you, Sophfronia!
Go Obama! I so appreciate his explicit support of Planned Parenthood & gay marriage. Vote for the best candidate!
nice in i'm 111, trying to get people in those sections to get together at the bar b4 the game for a drink or shot.
we are 5 likes away from 400! It's almost time to give this ep out for free! But not yet
Hey guys, 10/14 we're playing a free show with at Backstage Live SA! Come check it out!
so its my allergies fckin with me its not a cold !! im kinda happy bout that.
loves you more than anything you mean so much to her <U+2764> you guys would be a cute couple!(:
I will. It's kinda hard for me to get up that early. Lol. I usually don't get to bed till about 5-6 am.
Lies“ Some of my d4l girls, don't talk heavy like me! I run stuff! Aha shut up I'm on the phone..”
Love the banner ad running on - cool use of rich media and fun to play with the ad
I"t does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop."
Awww my friends drunk tweets are so presh. HAHA!
Trying to stay focused, but I've started making a list of what I'm going to do when I'm finally done with school. So close. So. close.
How I just told my brother everything and he's pissed. >
Make a lunch (or dinner) of our seasonal Rhubarb margarita and the Asian Pork Taco! All the flavors of warm weather.
You leave me no options.
So CBS passed on the untitled Martin Lawrence pilot for a series order. Maybe it'll be a midsesason replacement at some point.
Blake griffin vs Tim duncan
That's an excellent question! I gently move sts from paper over time. Some colleagues still stuck
#ima hoping Tide finds a f**^% ing kicker at half!
Now here's a fun one... once we move into the new office, I want to seriously get to work on a podcast... What should we call it, though?
pip fall back don't beloieve bullshit!
Thanks for the welcome! Hello to all of you! Let's work together!!!
Thanks for the follow brother! Seems like your name has came up a lot lately to me. best to you! hollar!
seems like theres been a crazy infusion of ACL tears this year...Milwaukee has several by themselves. More than usual?
RT if you are subscribed to my new youtube channel.
I pray that everyone week is BLESSED!!!
Dear life, when I said "Can my day get any worse?" it was a rhetorical question not a challenge.
Most fighting for social justice never get a thank you when a battle is won. They only get to see the smiles of those who no longer suffer.
Thank God my birthday is over.. Lol
Super short week is over! NYU graduation then Sin City.
who cares?
Praying my sissy has a safe flight to Orlando! I'm so jealous!
How did Heavy D die?
If I could say what you'd like to hear, I'd whisper in your ear 'it's only temporary.' I thought you'd feel the same as me.
omg I was going to say that one in my last tweet but i didn't haha and nm listening to music(:
Get me 100 followers by tonight? Please, You can do it :D
I know she's not sleeping, but I'll stay down here, have a smoke. It's not like she's crying or anything. >.>
Make each day your masterpiece.
I MISS YOU BRO! (:
Ugh....I hate everything abt me:|
Love the new cover!
This just in: campus safety is getting new super bikes that will be used to sneak up on people. Oh and it has a really annoying siren.
weather its positive or negative comments you are always being noticed <3 it makes me sad because you will never notice me :( x
Bout to get drunk as fucccccc =)
haha well duh it's probably funny be amazing! Haha no pressure though(;
Ppl dont like it....but i totally understood her management's perspective on protecting her brand. Thats business.
yeah & they better!!
welcome to aaron.tv
NO , but he's my biggest inspiration . he's the best at what he does :)
I LOVE JUSTIN AND U AND I KNOW U NEVER DIS HIM OR ME BUT SOME CREWL PEOPLE DO :) <3
California shakeout time but I didn't feel a thing
you're right. I'll meet you under the mistletoe. #;)
I have to keep busy today....my mother in law is coming to town :-/
No, no Brayden. You are THE MAN!!!!
um no i wasnt judging hiim, i was judging a fat lady tht was staring him down with wide eyes
I haven't read that yet! I never faced his wrath, but I did have some harsh critiques. In retrospect, he was probably right.
IT's my birthday also ... Happy Birthday Gemini
hard to disagree. TB is a very scary team
aww, but I'm suppose to go to the mall with Micah & his mom later.
that was a very poorly written article from a generic newspaper in bumblefuck, GA. not representative of ACTUAL fans in ATL
Nice work and ! You guys are the &%$*!
whats your fav song in the whole world??
Implementing a mobile strategy is no longer a luxury... it's now a neccesity!
RT: "Pecorino" is the password to get a free Melt & soup combo today from 3 – 7 at the Spear St. Melt, 345 Spear St. suite, 125
RT : WALK LIKE A LADY BUT THINK LIKE A MAN.. ALWAYS AHEAD OF THE GAME!
Beautiful day today. Real track-practice weather.
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell "were you talking shit about me" "...no?" HAAHA
I'm in Seattle area as well,I just not a big fan of Hawks,I have always enjoyed Packers more.
roller derby watch party tonight at 830 at headhunters on red river. come on out!
Mark: Where dem bad bitches at? Where dem bad bitches at? WHERE DEY AT? Mr Gordon: (name of our school) LOLOLOLOL
DUCK DAY TODAY!
If I were to marry another brew, and may very well serve as Best Men. " Nectar of the Gods"
Not buying that Gap launched an intentionally poor logo. Great rapid response, tho.
Guys if I don't follow back right away, I will soon. I ain't a robot I was sleeping! Haha
ugh! Haha! Again!!
have fun at the benefit tonight and thank you for an amazing #DAXX evening and being kick ass hosts!
blessed love ya music . Have a blessed dat RT
Thanks, Diandra. ABC, Baby Me looks adorable, and I don't have it yet! :)
Movers available today after 5pm. Very flexible tomorrow! Rates starting at $70/h for 2 men + truck. Get Your things moved with no headache!
RT : #MittRomney's tax situation is called being a businessman. An athlete outplaying his contract & wants a new deal is...
which means the smart money is on Denver...and hopefully my FF team as well
Snuck 40s into the avengers but to no avail. decided to drop his and ruin everyone's fun
kinda think Peter King was high when doing his mock draft, really Andy Dalton @ 8?
have you ever been? I went over winter break and for nye and had an awesome time.
sure. I should do that right after I finish this letter
i'm getting the tattoo fever again, yet i dont even know what i want. hm
I just got a haircut confirmation from someone named Benjamin Franklin. I hope that doesn't mean I leave with a wavy mullet.
I wish tree pollen was like a vampire: revoke its invitation and it has to leave.
Talk to She has three times.
Happy Halloween! Roar
RT Fell off the treadmill after noticing the girl on the machine beside me was eating a Snickers bar. #deadserious.<---lmao
oh nice!
Going to the ZeroTime Operations performance on The Vigil? Consider bringing some vinyl: seeking clarinet, synth, bass guitar, drum solos.
#Victorious then #HowtoRock Victorious is hilarious today!
Check out the Website folks: www.joeyabarta.com
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : Lakers whole squad has a F rating in my player mode
Email me I'm gone remix lol
MT : Term of the day (re artificial shark uterus): Uterine replicator [other term of today: artificial shark uterus]
Sweet! We just sold our first shirt.
love your new avatar, girl!
and using #crowdsourcing find new uses for existing data (identifying which photos don't need model releases).
new tape is unreal. U gonna be big in a short while. Cant wait.
The real story today isn't a groundswell of support for the Tea Party candidates, it's the insanity of the Tea Party candidates.
like exactly an hour
Crazy mf filling up my inbox wit a conversation by they self #catch a hint mf
There is just never enough time in the day!
Rose are red. Violets are blue. Faces like yours belong in the zoo. Don't be mad I'll be there too...not in the cage, but laugh at you.
Any chance CT will make it to Netflix On Demand soon? Great way to introduce new viewers to the show.
And you guys still are better than
Tks, Kris...Keep up the good work!
Hey, #ogw11 (opengovwest). Is the hashtag is semi-permanent? #ogw seems to mean something else to Dutch and Indonesian tweeters.
#Bumpersticker "I used to have a handle on life but it broke"
2012 is going to change your life.
that fits perfectly with your chapter in Extra Innings, on developing young arm: start w/ FB commend
thanks so much for making it out to the show!!! We'll be back soon 4 sure!
swag swag swag on you
no. i dislike massive amounts of lights, action and lovely ladies. i hate having fun.
Crazy George is at the SJSU HI game. Which is appropriate since his nephews are the refs!
iPhone apps | iphone Utilities apps Metro Guangzhou Subway IPA ...
Info from China through international partnership Emerald & Paths: Partnership to bring books from China to global market
DIE ALPHA DIE ALPHA !
Good Looking Out
7-5 on the night! Winners: Cardinals, Mariners, D'Backs, Rockies, Cavs, Spurs, Rockets. Losers: Yankees, Rwins, Thunder, Wizards, Mavs
Back to biz...
Making a homemade pizza is an art. lol
I'm still not sold on the RED... would rather shoot film :)
I followed freddyamazin
lol your welcome love! and im so glad to hear that
": We had a great time this weekend at the bartlett comedy spot"~~~yes we did!
Hell if I know.
Maybe they will be cleared or re-diagnosed. I'm in the DSM-IV right now for a psychology class.
“: Speaking of "Extra Innings," finish this sentence: "Lucroy is the best Brewers catcher since _____________."” Uecker!
Happy Monday Huskies! Hope you had a nice Spring Break
Thanks, man!
I used to have a cat, she was a slut.
As the Vulcans say, we're here to serve. MT Had Krankshaft over the weekend. great taste. always like to find a good local brewery
Thanks Ben. Appreciate hearing that.
- y does it matter? i meant 3 cuz i forgot chrissy
Thanks for the mention!
ALL NEW ON TWITTER < FOLLOW THEM !
Bring 1D to Omaha Ne I really really do wanna see
"If I can't write a page of happiness in your life, I hope I can at least erase your page of sadness"
hey ! Thanks for fallowing!! :)
it would be way more funny, if you DMed your number or something.
I haven't logged into twitter and I find you changed your handle! LOL! Have a good honeymoon trip! :D
Okay good...you were here??
Maximize your muscle! Building new muscle raises your Resting Metabolic Rate (RMR) so you'll burn more calories every day.
Thanks, Karen! Now just have to work on shortening the acceptance speech so as not to get the hook.
If ya don't like the remakes or the idea around them, it is quite simple: vote w your wallet and dont go
Well...this sucks.
Well done but did u crush? RT : 7 full days so far, 83 hours of poker played. I'll take it.
Stories like these really make you want to only use organic products.
Happy Birthday, New Ministry! We are officially merged with Provena Health. We are ONE on 11-1-11, also All Saints Day!
Chicago tweeps: Did u know Burger Baron, home of famous Baron Burger serves up Vita Foods salmon burgers? www.burgerbaron.net
Any kind of game with my family is chaotic. If we were playing Go Fish, the fish would be decimated around the room. How I've missed my fam!
Just played in the snow!! Boy was it ever fun!!
Who else is coming to see Lombardi soon? Some Tigers in the house Friday night...
not like that u
Happy Tweeting!:)
so your body will be against me? i'm fine with that ! <3
Besides my sneakers...my headphones are an essential part of my workout
lol. Well thats Kowalski for you. Gee, he got crazy over my photos earlier O.O
we will block you if we suspect there is fraudulent activity. The call usually follows.
Hey! My ego don't inflate! :P <3Allen
*cough cough* RT : Madigan saying health benefits not a collective bargaining right. Sounds familiar.
RT : Biz Break: Cisco drags tech stocks down, but two Silicon Valley IPOs find success; also, Microsoft uses Facebook......
“: I'm proud of my heart. It's been played, burned, and broken, but it still works.” story of my life
Which one?
Errbody wanna be da king of the south. Dey aint runnin a damn thing but they mouth!!
Finally watching hangover II
Forever and After @ the break contesssstttttttttt be there!
Absoultely not!!! It's still the new year until the next new year!!!! GO FOR IT!!
1/8, enough to have the complicated last name.
Deborach Cox will performs in Indianapolis - June 9th - Should be an awesome show!
Be thankful for what you have, you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you *don't* have, you'll never have enough.
Send Lawyers, Guns and Money...
I hope nobody is spying on my via my webcam today. If you are, admit it, my #chairdancing is awesome isn't it...
#il2009 Can we get a round up of notes, links, slides, presentations over on the wiki?
bono is involved? i hope they go bankrupt.
Can anybody give me the name of the AGD that was in the front of the right line?
Im up, still salty about last night, I thought going to sleep would help but I guess not SMH
Make her wish come true! RT : Really wish Starfruit in the Merch Mart had
either way, i'm almost positive i'm staying here!
I Believe U Did Splash On Whoeva Da Bitch Was OceanGanG Swag
Nw- The Vowel
Only took 8 minutes to get first Chromebook going - most of the time was upacking the box!
My dog just took a foot long dump. Have a nice day!
CBS football music sounds the same to me. Did they run a different version at the open?
Yes, it's a great show. I've been watching since I was 6. Start from Ep1 of the new series. Starts slow, but gets great.
... at least wasn't belting out "Waltzing Matilda" and demanding Burger King :)
When you were sitting next to me? If so, obviously not a narb
Marley documentary, required viewing.
well said #payforte and BEARDOWN .. watch out everyone
Wazzup tweet me
Back to HowardFine on Friday :)
Check out ProPresenter. I think it's the best presentation software around.
need to get out of this house
Let's go Pens! up 2-1 in the series, making Pittsburgh proud!
I'm in Houston until the morning. Next week?
y'all i might never leave the awesome staff, yummy bath products, tasty coffee+muffins in the lobby, NYT at my doorstep...
Off to vote. Have you made your voice heard yet? (And I'm not talking about that song you sang in the shower this morning!)
A wounded soldier needs our help www.webofsupport.com. Send birthday cards thanking him for his service and help cheer him up!
It's been a long time coming and I feel much better than I did yesterday. Contentment with God and His will.
sometimes, you have to fall to the ground to get a close enough look at the road to see that you are on the wrong path
Last day of #cildc, at the Data Curation Profiles Workshop by D. Scott Brandt
If you dont like someone, unfollow them. PROBLEM SOLVED
#booksandbars. MC Jeff says, "If you don't laugh, you're gonna cry, and if you don't carry on, you gonna die". (Thanks )
i need to go see that. hmm.
Is it possible for us to vote Chris Davis as pitcher for the All-Star Game????
love it!
just call before you come back incase i got company :)
we had a big basketball game today against other grades it was cool! Haha. And how are ya!
Full Lollapalooza fest lineup announced
Welcome to the first Monday in 2011. How will this year be different than last year for you?
haha, it's not gone forever. but i'll have to find out and i'll let you know this afternoon. but try calling around 4pm.
that's the thing, the players need to let opinions be known, but at some point, it seems more hissy fit than constructive.
Number 2?!! LA we need to clean it up a bit!
"I think it's my hair pomade...." "Midnight Symphony?!"
if you love Christian Beadles please follow for tweets&facts about Christian
Thomas can't wait to meet you Geo and Mikey in Chicago in August ! (:
AW U NEED A NURSE...LOL
Removing out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
i cant believe no one tuned. That was crazy bad.
love you too girl! Pool day soon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
Damn yall gon put all that on here lol put me out there lol
I rarely have issues with coverage, and their customer service is top notch. Even the lure of an iPhone won't make me leave.
Never underestimate the power of just walking around the office talking with people.
Nothing beats in stadiun RT : The best view--from the press box! RT : how are u watching #nfl games?
Stuart: "congress must unite and provide... comprehensive immigration reform that represents this nation"
Our Happy hour only has 1 hour left.. but fear not! It'll be back up at 9-10pm! A true power hour! $2 off apps and 1/2 off select drinks!
I MISS YOU LOVEBUGG.
Today I gave everyone in my school a handshake. c:
Awww boo. We are going to bdubs.
San Diego’s Leo Hamel Fine Jewelers Opens Jewelry Buying Office in El Cajon, CA
that's a city, nerd! So, who was it??
VW's new Jetta looks like a Ford Fusion. KIA will soon make a better looking car. VW sold their design department to make a buck!
Eatin out with the fam bam!!! On this raw Sunday I thank u god again for the day an help me to be more in ur image !!!!
A smile is a hug to another's heart... #BeKind :)
See you back soon. Baby Cake with pecans! ;)
no it aint, u work today
Happy #WoofWednesday It's (leg) hump day! Woof woof!
We are not creatures of circumstance; we are creators of circumstance.
let's kick it sat night
Never does nature say one thing and wisdom another.
I think a movie with you as the hero against zombies and a robot race would totally fit into Michael Bay's category. Explosions!
I weighed in but didn't gain or lose weight.
Getting angry has really no point what so ever. It's just a waist of time.
Moms be like kayla what the hell are you fighting yourself in your sleep lol
Texas is taking all of our radio talent, first and now , feels like the #royals developing talent for AL East
hey beautiful we miss you so much :*
I will :) but not getting in my hair can't get wet lol
Still up.
why didn't you tag in it lol
It's official my first mistake is going to be called "The Normalcy Bias"
An ounce of performance is worth pounds of promises. --Mae West
It really has been a while, I been good, right now I'm Watching Spongebob lmao u no how we love our childhood shows
We do not need a tacked down thesis for the proposal correct?
suck my dick , ask someone else for bitchass chucks nigga -.-
Lost HU with 4:1 lead in devastating fashion
And we'll be showing the Packers game at 5pm in our bar area! Come join us on Sunday!
If you're in N Austin on Sunday, swing by Bittern Hollow for fabulous lemonade. The gals are participating in Lemonade Day.
not sure the address it's 's friends house. I'll keep you posted.
What a cutie!
Had a great conversation with 1 of the folks from www.commonrootscatering.com/ Excited to have 'em in the studio next week!
Does anyone have excited plans for the weekend?
I would. Being 1 of the GOAT isn`t just about the last few yrs. B/t their titles, winning streak & players, they`re there.
Summer songs on the radio <3 #Summer #country music
I think that is a great point. You don't always have to start at the top.
oh shit,well rehab that knee well my dude,&I wish you the best of luck bro keep on doing work! Remember go hard or go home!:)
RT : The Summer of Wisconsin continues! #THATCampLAC !
Mind blown from upcoming collection wall. And it works in unison with an iPad app Art Lens.
On a documentary binge anybody have suggestions for lesser seen great ones?
"You got some downdog on your face"- A yoga instructor who doesn't get jokes.
It's 45 degrees out here yet the tulips are blooming. I guess this must be
Got lectured by my parents today because I send almost 3000 texts per month.......the sad part is at least half of those are to twitter
RT Come on down we've got you covered!! : Craving steak from Ward's House of Prime
wow you ate a bowl...crunchy right?
seriously tho, 2nd row close to Max i know you all remember me, cmon.. no ?
Happy Cinco De Mayo! Enjoy $5 Espolon Tequila Margaritas today on our fiesta menu!
big show this weekend c'mon i need some hotties:)
Remember that twitter is very public - good to note that anyone can see what you say/share. Good use: posting about accting subjects.
$100 billion Facebook IPO. 900 million users. You're worth about $111 to Facebook.
gonna eat a big fat dish of beef chow mein.. i likee meetee his TAYALA
and then talk to me
No one likes to be judged. Some bcause the judgments are unfair. Others bcause they don't wnt to be responsible or held accountable.
Shop in Vegas.
A two on one fastbreak for the Bucks turns into a fast break for the Cavs. Gross.
"nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood"
PLEASE FOLLOW ME IM IN LOVE WITH AND I LOVE THE VIDEO YOU AN DID FOR AUSTIN'S COVER<3
Yup, and I'm also pretty guilty of link blasting. Too many twits on the go. Here's to a fresh start ;)
Have to skip #MadMen tonight to finish grading student projects. I hope they appreciate the sacrifice.
#minneapolis see y'all in a couple on the river, the power of the youth has no limit! Can't wait for the fireside chat!
If every student has a device, all can participate. This make collaboration easier.
Where do you shop? When do you shop? Why do you shop?
there was cake on the counter
no I didn't girl.. But I was gone do something with Lo text me now
okay :D
I should have more followers then four./: give me shoutouts!
Yep, January 28th is a Friday.
Where are our Los Angeles peeps at?!
Hope you feel better but gotta say I'm pumped to use your Mac at the office!
talk to me when you're not an egg. What? Do you got a bug on you or something?
I can't wait for believe!!! :D
I wonder if knows that 's Stomach Tied In Knots was 's official song of the day two days ago <3
Just So Art Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
oh yeah I haven't thought about looking at something funny guess I'll watch shottas or Martin lmaoo
Stickers are a tough call. Maybe $1-3?? Die cuts cost more but you don't want to nickel and dime people.
#ThingsThatBotherMe When you really want a sandwich, go to the kitchen and there is NO BREAD!
Im going back to da usual
Adele mineswell sit on stage.. Gotta love her
Why can't I remember why I need to work out once my butt is firmly planted in front of a computer?
"<U+FFFD>SEO is a marketing function for sure, but it needs to be baked into a product, not slapped on like icing after the cake is baked"
I'm not getting my hopes up for anything. Not after what you' ve done to me.</3
I wish they'd do a "Hate Your Friends" tour, myself....
Does nothing to help housing market but cause homes to lose more value and increase foreclosure. Were does he find these advisers???
Oklahoma 7 Tyler's birthday party with just you and me
This the shit I hate
Homemade pizza and a bottle of vino to wrap up an awesome day of real estate!
Come on buddy.
Rap Game Gone Suck Without Em Only People I Listen 2 #Webbie #NickiMinaj & #Drake.#Damn #Gave Him All Them Years For Some Drugs Smuggling.
No, it's really happening. We can't have him pulling another Adele and catching on months too late.
Im just in love wit mindless behavior
Finishing up two #JBCreative projects today. Thanks to all the clients and partners who've helped with all of our projects this year!
Follow my tweets,Is Awsome related to Watch The Big Bang Theory Online Episodes
Almostwinning at a Casino pumps moreadrenaline in your bloodstream than actually walkin away with loadsofcash
Morning ... Thank Your Lord for Another Beautiful day in this Wonderful World! #iDoEveryMorning ")
Im not hiding. I'm busy. And the new name is muy bien (very good).
YUM! Thanks for celebrating Easter with us! Come back again soon!
Let's all take a moment and be thankful for the stupidity of the human race.
Repub crowd of hypocrites BOOED a gay *soldier serving in Iraq* who asked a Q about Don't-Ask-Don'tTell at the GOP debate.
That's quite the predicament.... If I come up with a solution one or more of these, I will keep you posted!
#ArentYouTiredOf people who still lie even though everyone know's they're lying.
Your Beautiful and hope we can hang soon:))
#20factsaboutme 5) The Sexy Pilgram song on youtube is my favoritest video in the world!
TSD Tactical Semi-Auto M9 Gas Blowback Airsoft Pistol Reviews gas magazine
Drinking a Samuel Smith's Nut Brown Ale and listening to Barack ramble. Can't wait til the next election
straight A's baby
Whine whine whine omg
A happy Monday and hello to our newest followers: - welcome aboard!
I feel bad for that dude “: RT :, Brittney Griner of #Baylor breaks wrist on shooting hand in long boarding mishap
I'll be tending bar 2nite so, if ur in need of a fine #craftcocktail, stop in!
A little compassion for Amare is in order right about now. The guy has had a really tough time personally due to tragedy.
you have terrible customer service and i can happily say i will never purchase anything from your company again.
You got that right.
Alright you've suckered me into watching America's Got Talent for the first time ever.
Glad to see that #HCG is getting easier daily for you! :) Keep trucking! RT Day 6: Down another lb! I'm loving this! It's getti..
Today is the best day. joined Twitter! Also, I'm making a friendship bracelet, and will probably have pancakes for dinner.
The only thing worse than having a song stuck in your head: you don't know all the words to that song.
Think I'm gonna take badu's advice and "don't wear no panties"
Marie Curie~ One never notices what has been done; one can only see what remains to be done.
With the iPad, haven't used the laptop in a long time. Find myself touching the laptop screen a lot.
Woke up with on my mind... Probably falling into a giant cup of coffee in my dream- Or being chased by pastry-
Don't drink and drive get high and fly
danny thomas was great.....he will be missed
Got offered a job... $25 an hour? Hm..
So stressed out, I could cry right now.
#traveltip always take your laptop on a road trip!
that's Wassupp , that fuck ass nigga did me dirty that day -.-
I'm just waiting for time to pass
really needs to adopt a university level curriculum with mathematics, science, and more. That'd be cool. Calculus FTW!
Fell asleep in the sun, awoke a whole different ethnicity.
esp with Steve Smith floating around,Osi's contract...
4 Kentucky team are now in the big dance!
Our new artists in residence arrive tomorrow from Northern Ireland! They will be spending the next few months in #AnacostiaDC!
The new single-intermediate format is making for great sprinting at this years #tdf Nice one
My new procrastinators billing rate now applies! Of course clients are coming out of the woodwork! Ah, that 10/15 deadline! Life as a CPA!
here for a few hours today, then Tomo
Check out www.rx2you.com we have now translated our site into Spanish. Click on the Espanol button for translation.
$1.75 Ground Beef or Chicken Fajita Tacos ALL DAY! Wash 'em down with $2 Bud & Bud Lt
"Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple." -Dr. Seuss (The questions don't have to be complicated!)
some meaty research reference questions today! yay!
Someone call the ambulance
Getting ready to run the #superhero race. I hope I don't put an eye out with my Wolverine claws!
good move Dan. I like your dedication!
Time for warmer coats!!
you and your sister are so talented!! Keep dancing; you both are going to go far :) I hope I get to meet you one day!!
Happy Friday!!! Should of had you hear at the school.
For the record: I never sexted. I never transmitted an obscene image. I never received such an image. I deny everything. #Barry Manilow
this paper can suck it. I'd much rather be jammin to trey songz
Choreographing with
Are you an Independent Artist?
I hate this microphone button! I stay pressing it during class!!!
Life is short, better enjoy it while you got it and stop being ungrateful all the time.
Yes. Yes. Yes.
Is it me or does it seem like Dallas plays every game at home???
RT RT @ Loft_Dallas Announcing South Side Music Hall, a new venue at Gilley's.Spread the word & win tix to music hall shows! http:/
thank you sweetie :-)
Why is everything spinning
watching Bad Teacher while I get ready for work.
Love my boy
tomorrow is opening day :):):)
A career is born in public, talent in privacy.”~ Marilyn Monroe
The failure of three corporate credit unions, and the government's plan to resolve them, won't be paid for by taxpayers
Good morning guys! Today's goal is to get to 3,000 followers. Lets see if we can do this!
: Thank you for sharing your Dad & the blessings of memories w all of us.
Illig: This is the first time we've built a campus from the ground up.
lord O.o well try and find out by tonight & let me know.
You have the ability to decide when you'd like to publish your content on #Schoology. Makes it easier to prepare for the year :)
work on your being nice skills!
had a BLAST!!! It was great to meet up and enjoy the weather
Between hiding behind the couch and nearly exploding, her inner goddess gets a decent workout.
Can't wait to see the next episode!
Craziness in the NFL today!
Watch for our Saki Thursdays. Starting soon!
2 stupid challenges by Marvin Lewis in the first half.
Hey Mario! Is the cheat meal a meal or a cheat day??? If a cheat day turns this into that. I'm game.
Just keep smiling & maybe they'll think you're actually happy (:
Oh, I agree with you full force! I was being sarcastic. They're propagating hate under the guise of religion.
If "Battleship" doesn't end w/ Rihanna distracting the alien robots w/ a sexy dance so Tim Riggins can save us, it's a missed opportunity.
Nice I will live the experience through you.
Monday. Shaw in - Stalberg out!
Way to go RVP. Wonderful move. Great goal.
I actually want to sing turn to you to my mom for mothers day but....well she's not a single mom, so the lyrics kinda dont fit.
It's cool
Weisner: Challenging to work transnationally when institutional constraints are present.
We recommend checking out jcheck out Shadow Left on Facebook and reverbnation
It's getting hot and these hoes crossing fire.
Yeah, birthday cakes don't age well.
how bout them #giants !!! they came to play tonight...49 24.....smh
have u check our myspace.com/kingdomsoundentertainment
the first ten minutes of #greysanatomy just made me cringe thank god I am not going into the medical field I would die and past out
About to try my first
don't like it. Suck it. Block me. Don't care. Just same old crap in media circles to see children move in easy.
What if we all practiced listening more and talking less?
I truly wanted to be there - but I have another engagement - don't 4get 2 tweet during the show - have a good one!
my day is already bad :(
at your cross I lay my burden, At your feet where your love covers. All I've done now I walk with you lord
SO GOOD <3 AND U??
We're following more people today, follow us back and tweet with us.
I know.. It sucks. But I'm happy for him
lol u prolly want to smoke it huh lol
“Success each day should be judged by the seeds sown, not the harvest reaped.” — John C. Maxwell
wanna share?
next event is next Wed at Dini. Ck out our fb and blog for info can't wait to meet ya
I feel bad.
author J.L. Powers #fridayreads : I am reading The Year of the Sawdust Man by A. LaFaye.
Just heard a cute Joplin rag on WPR. Googled it & the first hit was "Perfessor" Bill Edwards' site. Shouldn't be surprised, right ?
Let the next 7 weeks pass by like the wind... I need summer!
So it looks like I'm moving to San Francisco in the fall. Any tips?
"A teacher is a compass that activates the magnets of curiosity, knowledge, and wisdom in the pupils." -Ever Garrison
Gotta have Alligator Baby Back Ribs! #5280 week, Round 4! Early dinner tonight at whatcha cooking?
that's going to be some funny shit.
The Comedy Awards. So far so good. Louie is getting his dues for his comedic mind tonight.
oh that's a lot. What's the book about?
Thanks for a fun interview today for & - you ROCK!!
What mistakes? I'm working on getting into the publishing realm soon.
It's cruel and unfulfilling work.
That's disheartening.
afternoon naps make me so happy.
i feel you on this one, I'm some where with permanent goose bumps.
only u !
Thank you kindly to my latest followers.
Secret Service scandal goes beyond Colombia- Pentagon investigates carousing in El Salvador, Argentina and maybe even Moscow
boy oh boy smh
Y U No ask? Lol RT : Cristina Y U No make me a poster? :c
I feel my strength comin back...
I got 3 bags left I thought I had 4 but its 3
It's been a very long day, time for some shut eye, until tomorrow...
- Grazie!!! Food was amazing tonight. Snow crab Mangia! Mangia! Bravo
hey , is using your photo?
that is not why Joe likes young girls....sorry but that is the truth!
Hey Laney You forgot to log out of your Twitter on my laptop haha well I love you girl! Glad I have one REAL friend,you! - (:
I think that never gonna follow me :(
chase down the original British version - far superior
I like the Pacers and Lebron. The King needs his ring though, so I'm pulling for the Heat.
At least I can now stop wondering what Rhianna would look like as a stripper.
Off to Olive Garden :)
I would so let manny pacman pacquaio punch me in my face for 10 grand
Gracias! Indeed it is my birthday :) See you Friday!
I'm obsessed
Keep it real because we were all created in God's image.
Possibly the best thing for you to buy today? Tickets to on June 1st!
You really know how to annoy me dont you.
Sesame Bagels or Poppyseed? Makes a difference. RT : When I try to see my future, I see a man with orange skin and small bagels.
Oh man come on man really seriously the Chiefs beat the Packers really wtf... I really don't wanna see the Dolphins hold this title forever
It's a mid-70's Friday in Milwaukee where most people think Boosie is free. Stay away from Water St., 618, Mixx and Notte tonight lol.
Sometimes I wish I was normal.
I see my #Bulls lost again tonight. And from the score it at least appears they tried to compete. Glad I missed the game
Haircut. Spirit Awards. Q&A at The Landmark. Blog. Download music for my next webisode. It's going to be a fun Saturday.
Well back to work on my price sheets and lables.
Hmm, Dark Shadows + Johnny Depp + Michelle Pfeiffer + Tim Burton + May 11th. This day is officially blocked out.
Though the new amputee-themed anti-tobacco ads will deter some, they lend morbid truth to that "smoking helps you lose weight" claim.
also keeps me going too when im hurting all over :D goodnight everyone
Memphis rap seems appropriate for a morning like this - slow, sticky, too warm, menacing. This really should be August music though.
Jealous! You look amazing.
Deal, yo. Let's see it!
lol no but maybe you should log on skype or try to answer that private number
and niall has braces.
Mindgrub will be hosting the Greater Baltimore Technology Council Happy Hour THIS Thursday, March 1st starting at 5:30pm! Please come and e…
cindy brunson needs to stop saying "join jay harris and *i*" on her sportscenter promos
Stupid bipolar Tennessee weather :P
is under CONSTRUCTION :-$
So exciting! We will come by and say hi. What booth are you?
Now THAT was a power play goal by Hartnell!
nothing just chillin. Nice costume, I looked at the pics on facebook.
lol. Someone needs a shave.
Dubix Records is looking for a Lyrical marketable artist/STRONG content. send submissions to must have HQ audio files
Someone Mention Me To Keep Me From Twitter Jail Please.
no idea... Know anyone trying to get rid of theirs?
how was what?
O man, the Tribe sure makes these games interesting
I always had to send midi from my keyboard to the launchpad to piano roll my letters. NOW THIS IS OUT.AWESOME
#InfoWorld free magazine subscriptions now at an end? Bumming.
whew...just finished a presentation to all the branch supervisors, chiefs and admin
You make the trek to Vegas?
u jealous? Hey we get respect now, and you might be wrong
Follow us. we will be near your city soon.
fatself should not be eating chicken
The girls belting out the lyrics to Call Me Maybe the loudest are the ones nobody will.
Days of glory
Thank you for a WONDERFUL time on Saturday! 180 new trees in the ground!
Come to think of it, I don't know if you can have unity without some division. That's just the paradox.
Lets record ur winter break and send it to E! we are up ther w/ da kardashians. plus i don't know if you knew but i am SO funny
if your gonna burn something to a blank CD write on it so someone knows you already put stuff on it.
Email + Small rant sent :D
Productive day with the excellent talent at NPR Digital. Plus, I got to see a unique jazz band perfrom a Tiny Desk Concert.
sounds good to me...as long as we're not on our way to the penn.
Going to vegas for 4 days again
awesome! then we can add you to our LD Crew photo album!
I'm good honey. How have you been? Seems like forever. Tell Will I said hey.
do you guys think you would survive a zombie outbreak. By Walkind dead rules Florida would be messed up.
Sunday 3 pm at the come celebrate Earth Day with WITS! 30 HISD students will share nature poems and stories with you....
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X31
that sucks to be you sir, I bet took it. im just saying she looks like she is kind of a klepto.
Strong people know how to keep their life in order. Even with tears in their eyes, they still manage to say "I am okay" with a smile.
The Hypnotist - gruesome going. Looks like the sociopath did it.
R. Kelly thanks for the song
Join us Feb. 7th , 5pm to close. Sales benefit Sunshine Division. play @ 7pm, $5 cover
Sledge hammer meet iPod....... Yeah I'm about to go ape shit on this thing >:|
POSTPONED: Saturday's VNYLST talk is postponed until further notice. Stay tuned for updates!
first time biking in a while and I went 5 miles in 18 minutes, averaged 21 mph, and my heart rate averaged 138... I'm shot.
I know people say that every time someone puts an article in block quotes and makes fun of it. But that was actually as well refuted.
Even @ work? Thats one sticky community... :-p
but then this would promote aids (republican opinion) lol
Yes, you're right. Still think they bring Enrique in though after the season. I look at Tito as our "interim" tag.
Great tips -Thanks!
#ScrewYou peer pressure!!
You know how we Skee Wee's do it!! JK thanks Sis! “: New Avi is hot! ”
home alone.
Going down to the creek to fish for some gigantic carp.
Embers is based on the life of Terry's grandmother. Tonite is the first presentation of the complete work.
done deal! Enjoy yourselves!
ms.n0ni <- words with friends, hanging with friends, scramble with friends. Challenges welcomed ^_^
Jill, Anthony, Erykah, Fantasia, John and Alicia... my writing mix... lol
Just spent an hour painting the baseboards in our bedroom only to find out I had grabbed the wrong color paint. Unlucky.
i would tweet you as much as how much i support you dude. follow back? :D
To me dogs are more than just people.
Stuck in traffic great !!! on my way to pick up my dad
I just had to write a whole essay over a book I never read , <U+2639>
Happy #StPatty'sDay Prom Princesses! In just 1 hr we'll kick off our 2nd Prom Fair of 2012! Be sure to tweet us!
Shout out to , give a friend a follow
Thanks for following , &
No I don't trim my facial hair, it just grows in all redneck like that
I had a dream about you last night!
Haha you bleed trance from your ears!
only person ever there RT My mom always been there for me.
It's always great to have few friends who make you smile even when they are not around.
clancy's been slacking. The Crown ain't safe.
Excellent talks at #JMM2012 on making developmental college math courses modular & mastery-based. Thanks, Alvina Atkinson, Aaron Wong.
The only people who really worry about money are the very poor and the very rich.
i am SCARED for high school. hope i get no classes with you because i feel uncomfortable around you.
I hate seeing old people by themselves :o makess me sad .
Just read for Pawn Shop Chronicles funny script...#hillbillypulpfiction #BTR director did a film called
There's no way I can make it without you, be here with out you, it's no fun when your doing a solo, with you is like whoa yea I know <3 (:
RT : Using Twitter for PR Events bit.ly/nvibNp
There a wild turkeys everywhere in Arden Hills this morning. Is that normal?
4 referrals this month, & were barely on the 16th x)
I like your work! When you guys get too big to be doing everything on those C&P's, look me up! Follow me too!
wadr: what you may be missing is the entire meta-emotional swamp that anchors argument :)
Lol I like how you think!
Listening to favorite song sweet love- Chris Brown <U+E409>
All the men in her life FAIL her... what is she to do??
good morning gorgeous but woo likeing the new pic there lol crazy girl!
thank you i am
being sick sucks :(.
or should I say opposites....don't go together at all!
"The church is not in the buisness of healing people".... quote from "the devil inside"
loving the belt over the sweater!
I should be working, but instead I'm watching the Star Trek where Data is Sherlock Holmes. I'm content with that.
aww thanks. You okay? I saw and heard your leg was bothering you. I only beat my time by a minute
Even during moments of chaos some things just work out nicely... And thankfully there are still good people in this world!
Haven't been on lately. Been super busy, and now catching up on tweets
3 things I’ve learned in school: Texting without looking, Sleepin without getting caught, TEAMWORK on tests.
The link didn't work for me.
Who has shoe recommendations? I need a cross-trainer and running shoes. #Brooks ? #Asics ? #UnderArmor?
Getting ready for work! Warm oatmeal on a cold morning yumm
Just loaded in at Ace of Spades getting ready to rock the Fuck!ng house with REHAB!
oh yeah.
HBO wages war on obesity! Good job!
Tonight is THE NIGHT! #100thIssueParty at w/ + MORE. Doors 630. Come celebrate with us!
doesn't look good. Bryz sucks.
Getting ready for band practice.
I assumed that it was abt their relationship back when she first went solo
Thanks for spending time with me <3
Good day at the farm with my llama family
my 1-sentence diss summary: "I found a few of those problems" (but I was only using PCFG parsing, not LFG/HPSG deep grammars).
Glad to be back in Nashville!!
What an amazing first day of business! Thank you everyone for the support and good energy. Much Metta!
10% off Monday screen printing orders.
"We may train or peak for a certain race, but running is a lifetime sport." -Alberto Salazar, marathon runner
My sister got a real job today!! Go sister!!
I need new friends -_-..
-- OH lord, I am right there with you! I think about what the characters would be doing/where they are! It's a little insane.
What design can bring to policy-making
maybe THAT is why he's having such a hard time calling home.
'Very uncertain' situation about fate of journalists in Tripoli with rebel advance on #Libya capital
Happy Tuesday! Any May Day Madness in your hood today?
I give thanks for the experiences that shape my life.
Oh hey weekend! :)
you must be on quarter system. I have 4 more weeks to go before break. Urgh. Have fun writing.
Could talk to some people before meeting about coming up with some responses, or thoughts with questions, ask what ___ thinks?
S/O TO ALL THE CATS FROM EAST TO WEST THAT KEEP IT 1HUNNIT WIT SELF ....AN DO EVERTHANG TO THEY CAN TO PUSH THEIR PROGRAM AGAINST THE GRAIN
RT : Those who find a way to enjoy whatever life has to offer are the ones who get to enjoy the very best that life has to...
that's interesting- as in "not right". MT : Factoid: Fees @ Austin libraries goes to general fund vs the library's acct.
If you can't give me solutions to my problems don't bring it up. I think we all can identify the problem, were looking for soul-lutions!!!!
Great game
This man is hungary he seatn here eatting a big mac to cheeseburgers...
Listening to a few cuts from Menino on There are few things worse in this world than that man's accent...
Awwwh); I live in San Antonio I love it hear it's just really Hot! But u get used to it I guess(;
you give us the feeling to want to travel...
Nice catch, Raburn.
Our mainstream media is muffled when warmongers were draft dodgers: Bush, Cheney, Limbaugh.
time to get motivated for work. 3 cups of coffee and counting....
Sorry , I wrote off Binaural 10 years ago. Just rediscovered it though, been on repeat for a week.
Yeah Im Ready for habesha parties this summaaaa ! Ready to kill the eskistaaa
I don't have my phone right now, where should I meet you?
wen one makes it we all do
Do you think the NFL is going easy on these guys? seems like if this is true they should lose their jobs, #KatrinaBias I think;))
Trade you a Kirkland night out for a Belltown night out. ;-)
Be ya self then we can kick it
Try drinking some cool toilet water. That should help
RT : President will lavish praise on US Forces "...these Americans stood tall." Address live at 4:30pm on
Follow North Carolina PR, Writer, etc.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action." - Benjamin Disraeli
#Attention : Do me a favor and listen to this song I post here in a few minuets
RT : Ryan: Burfict said Marvin Lewis has been in constant contact with him since Round 4, and he will be visiting the Bengals soon.
Fatniss Everdeen is an awesome name for a kitty!
Java's Stout is now on tap at Rohrbach's! We have growlers available at our Railroad St. location and it's on nitro at the pub!
Met On chatroulette tonight!! That was amazing!!!<3333
God gave me you for the ups and downs. :)
That's not football.
I do love my Morgan State
GET YOUR LIVING SACRIFICE TICKETS FROM US! Fat Daddy's on Feb 7th!
holla at the oscars! kk im ready to get this thing going, best film lets go! i predict the king's speech. academy loves anything english
hey! I know you! Want to get together and play this weekend?
you might as well do it for me!
I like it, wonder how "preparedness" would affect the numbers. Maybe that's an element of "control"?
you should get up before him and jam to something else
Bye Blake!!! Come on Grizzlies!!!
oh trust its multiple battles that I haven't watched, and Like I said the battle scene is getting watered down
How come squirrels get a pass to bury whatever they want in the park but the cops go crazy when I try to bury one tiny bloody knife?
how is off season? Is it weird not to be in the same routine everyday?
True or False, Kyle Wiltjer will pour in some buckets next year?
Thanks for following!
Fishing for the bounty of the Great Lakes
So excited for cinco de drinko tomorrow with my favvvvs gonna be so crazy <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
WTF WHO DO WE TRADE UP FOR?!?
Summer is almost over......Does your pool need a little TLC? Aloha Pool Care. 760-798-7321
Suggested names for the NO Hornets: (1) NO Teabaggers; (2) NO Confederacy of Dunces
Looking for a new home in #SanDiego? I've got tons of new listings coming up - let me know what you're looking for!
Why is there an eject button on the DVD remote? I still have to get up and take the disc out. It's like having a remote to open the fridge.
The Finnish examples of Staffordshire dogs are now all facing outward, I wonder if that was an invitation...
Love it! RT : Stats are like bikinis. What they reveal is important, but what they hide is VITAL.
Knee deep in Wellies on a daily basis and now talking with a brogue. (what too much rains gets ya)
“: where'd you guys go” I'm in seattle not sure where Ryan is...thought he was at home but maybe not.
Glad you can make it RT : we are happy to be here
Why does every good thing have to be taken away? Why am I only allowed a few months of happiness before my world comes crashing down?
Stunning resolution from the blue crab claw microCT scan
I gave up on it. My YouTube is just margaretr0se and I have another one up though.
Don't mean to take time from your postseason analysis of Stinger, but feel free to respond when you get 90 seconds.
what's up homie..I'm actually pre selling the course now...
well your week starts on Sunday...and yes...i wouldn't miss them either if I were where you are!
Hearing somebody just say they're sorry and then just bursting out in tears because that's just what you've wanted the whole time. >>>
Plays like one too. RT : Raymond Felton is built like a brick fat person.
Whats your favorite song?:
good idea! I'm off!
tonite's dinner consisted of pickled onions, olives, pepadew peppers, and fresh veggies. as weird as that sounds.. it works!!
#prayfornida was in a really bad accident, please pray for we guyss
Gram still in surgery, going on hour 3...#waiting&waiting
tis a thing of beauty. Perhaps the most glorious thing I've ever seen.
our company offer services for t-shirt label changing for A very low price for more info email us at
I'm not gonna take this crap during this trip. ZACKS my friend and you have to get over it.. :/
We would love to, is this for a particular event?
I MISS YOU <3
What the heck I keep losing followers :(
BEAUTY TIP: Neutrals are in - nails, lips & eyes. Go neutral!
Starting the #paleo diet on Monday. Well, it's more of a lifestyle than a diet. :) I'm a little late, but I'm ready!!!
YES! lol and she bothered me on that show, too.
This Wednesday Dec. 7: WOW! Wailea on Wednesdays concert 6:30pm Erin Smith, lead singer of The Throwdowns, performs solo.
Good <3 You better love 1D! And bring me to their concert July 2013 with Ultimate VIP passes and then we can go get gauges!
May MCA forever be phony paper passin' at Nick's Check Cashin'.
WordRT Fearless Weirdos will probably have some shirts you'd like. Hit up She might be in the store.
Hear, hear! RT : this is why I am thankful for twitter, where my body language can be reduced to mere emoticons \o/
“Confidence is contagious and so is lack of confidence, and a customer will recognize both.” ~Vince Lombardi
everything is miscellaneous: david weinberger. again, finally. taking notes this time.
plus it could be in there or a month or longer if he was burning stored fat
Will be taking this blogpost to heart and following each step starting today. May email w/ questions and progress report.
Young black and wealthy...yea im guilty
No heels,No shirt,No skirt
I'll be behind the bar @ The hangar if your out tonight. 8203 broadway. ( I know your off tomorrow)
Party turned out better after all.... had fun!
2300 birds are found dead along Chilean shore; some injured: José Luis Britos, the director of the Museum of Natural history of San A...
Even when you're friends with them
I wonder how much their "facebook" features are actually used (status updates, etc.) Doesn't seem worth it to use them.
and he did things a righteous man would not approve of
Willis: comparing Sunrise to James Benning's American Dreams (1983)
You're amazing!!! :)
EOI is proudly donating food from & for 's Blue Santa breakfast tomorrow 12/2. from 6 -10am
Is it so hot where you are?
And then my mom is going to New York in a week :( why didn't my parents invite me?
Time to put this game to bed and listen to some indie rock. See ya in Lawrence!
Football and netball action
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific. ~ Lily Tomlin
i'm gonna find someone someday who might actually treat me well, this is a big world than it was a small town, i was a dreamer before you ..
let me know, get my number from
PUNK NIGHT at JERILEES Pub in Lafayette, IN - featuring PIPE BOMB (Indianapolis), THE ENDERS, & the CAN'T GET NUN'S - Friday, July 23- 9pm!!
I give up. You've changed over the last 5 yrs. I'm done trying. Good bye "best friend" this isn't easy at all!
There's no "Ain't No N----" on Illmatic.
D'aw, thanks.
Demi Lovato has a powerful voice! :)
Jon Kopp - utilize digital storytelling to facilitate learning and organizational change
Come on Rox!
really I just want things to be citable... and i think that can translate to attribution and maybe reputation if done correctly
RT ": As a #Capricorn Your ideal partner: Has a good sense of humor and is incredibly powerful and well respected."
I know, it's crazy! I'm beyond ready though haha
yay tuna casserole
I thought that was so lame - like what? "OW! You got glitter in my eye, man!!!" o_O
Nees a tactful way to snap photos of friends' #BadArt for my collection. House party had potential: lumpy women climbing & disfigured horses
ewwwwwwwwwwww u a nasty , stop thinking u hot
Too soon... you're so insensitive. Not the time or place for #SJ irreverence //cc:
Not just replacing coffee with green tea - conciously pumping it through myself at least 12 hrs/day. Formaldehyde for the living.
Playing tonight with , Tripping Dogs, and DJ Xibalbalola! We are on EARLY. 9pm 21+ FREE
purple would be cool
okay! I'll work on this (:
She got a deepvoice i mistakened her for Freeway lol
dude check out the coathangers. I discovered them today and I love them.
I just seen a girl in a Girls Gone Wild costume, is that really costume a girl at IU Bloomington really should be wearing?
Mad A'F
Tonight :30 , Come take Adult Salsa With Us Today , Only $15 Drop-In , Or show Your Class Card. Experience The New Era Of Salsa ! & Enjoy
being in charge of our Tweet specials,I'm officially inviting u & I'll be honored by ur presence spa (might blush too)
We better not get too excited about the BCS changes if they aren't implemented until 2014. Thanks for nothing Bill Hancock
And now... bing crosby!
I think Jedi's bury their problems internally and will all be in therapy later in life. Sorry #discussion at
I am really just talking to myself at this point. However, if I have to listen or read another digi pres panic, I'll scream.
Women have very little idea of how much men hate them. ~ Germaine Greer
yes, planning on it!
A commercial during the most exciting 10 laps so far? Not cool
with who?
Check out witness.org that outlines best practices for informed consent (if you want to tell the people you serve's stories).
morning mike. Hope you have a good today :)
I refuse to be disrespected....
I guess I'll be honest, I could use you around.
IKR I had so much this break. ugh!
Don't hate -
Heading home finally Long day
Sunday's taping of Long Shot Podcast was so explosive it LITERALLY set 's building on fire! COMING SOON!
oh yea it is! School is gay. It's all busy work, take me home. I could be asleep.
A few days ago, but there are leftovers in the fridge. C'mon over! ;^)
let's see, articles about placement , articles about ROI,articles about local engagement..that's our platform!
And therein lies the problem.
Mirror, Mirror on the wall who is the fairy Godfather of Downtown? I know I know it's sounds pretentious but someone just called me that...
it was for Louisville...
Oh.. Stop complaining over being single. Be a proud single, then you won't get heartbroken.
Bravo 2 #ArtisanFestival Incredible connection consumers to producers/products!
all I can think of DZ. those are initials.
So you put her on blast :0...
log on now b4 you cant get on the stream ;)
Very exciting! What are you working on?
today's gonna be a downloading day. got lots of movies i need. and while i'm waiting, i shall do my summer homework. oh, what a nerd i am.
if you're going to get mad about something that stupid and not talk to me then #GETOVERYOURSELF . Some friend you are, woww.
Wearing white pants is one of the top three most stressful things in the entire world.
Phooey on the building for cockblocking my internet connection!
Diversity Platinum shooting its first commercial today to be released June 15th!
you should really follow me . i think i would about die .
For me Plato is a high point in human development. Perhaps Aristotle. But Arabs and Persians were their heirs. Deep development occurs
+1 RT Jim Smith on proposed athletics budget: 'Florida State needs to decide if we’re going to be in big-time athletics or not.'
Your posts are still public. I must ask that you cease using Mitchell Airport and remove all posts immediately.
That first week is gonna be crazy bro, I got too much anticipation!
great webinar the other day on mobile web in HiEd! I'm very impressed with what W&M has done. Is there an archive of the webinar?
GOOD MORNING TWITTERVILLE
Albuquerque, NM (Pitch Engine) Feb. 29 2012 Upward Motion Personal Training delivers their Youtube™ video channel line-up company’s videos.
Better than nothing: via FCC Votes to pass (sort of) net-neutrality rules
smh! Boy was I ever... How are you cuz!
#JoeyDiamondFact joey has both his nipples pierced
just gave a follow to help him reach 10k
Hey can I get a follow from you guys? For my 16th birthday??? #please <3 love you
Love that you are spreading the word that Detroit = Opportunity City! Hope to see you March 31st!
I was thinking about writing a book about eternity but it would take forever to finish it.
going to get a few things done...then back to play in a bit.:)
Snooze. This speaker is making me snooze. I like the guy a lot, but damn. SNOOZE!
would you consider Bowie for solo and Ziggy Stardust stuff?
I wish I wish I wish I wish a bitch woooooouuuuuuuulllllllddddddd
Learned how to do a french braid!!:)
Who else has a shout out for their team? Mark your calendars,April 14 an awesome time for a great cause right ?
Sorry, I just haven't been on on Twitter today.
So glad to hear it! :)
Thank you Mr ;)
I know.....and cute
U.S. Stocks: #Dow above 13,000 Friday; propelled by robust earnings reports from General Electric and Microsoft.
yeah, im at the pre-show
Good time at and bailie's bday party. Right?
RT ConservaTeacherCommencement is NOT A DISCUSSION!! It should be a celebration of CATHOLIC VALUES!!
“ Heads up: Sysinternals updates coming Monday for Autoruns, Strings, and LiveKd.” Awesome!
was that you at that party last night?:b
Once you get by bum car on the side of the road, it's smooth sailing on 43 north near 894.
happy to hear...been checking out your SC page...wicked stuff!
event w/ ! Let the "How we Make Movies" fun begin!!!
On the bus about to go on a field trip. Ugh i dont even know how to ice skate. Lol hmj though!
#honestyhour: Why charge #Airline_bag_fees... why not just charge passengers by total weight (person + bags) since that's the real issue
Thnk u to new followers!
5:30 is super early, child.
. HYPE dance crew is popping and locking their way to substance abuse prevention! cc
dude you know how scary that sounds to me?lol you needa actually show me dude you know that -__-
RT With my luck, I bet if I was homeless, I'd probably end up with the shopping cart with the fucked up wheel.
Are they wearing red polo shirts?
my bad how so?
oh I wouldn't have been able to help I hate that show xD
Rules for the Shadow Mayor of Seattle: #1 Always walk just behind the actual Mayor and away from the side facing the sun.
hahaha I haven't charged it since last night! :p I figured someone woulda make a comment on that :p
Very nice late night TV tonight.
The passenger- deftones.... Forgot how much I loved this song
on the air at 615 on Channel 963!
There's too much opportunity out there so never give up, ever.
You guys did a great job last night! Now Good luck against PDL!
Haha I love how Switzerland isn't considered the real world :) Lol!
It's nice to know someone can lie to your face, behind your back & about you to other people.... Oh this wonderful world called life ! ;)
Yooooooooooooo!! When im older.... I wanna be with the most wonderful guy ;)
right na me and my righthand be off that BACARDI LIMÓN. thats shit get you just right and that shit taste good.
tomorrow at 10 in The morning I know your lazy ass gonna be sleeping x)
So I guess add Battier and Pittman to the list of people that will be taking the last shot of the game instead of
well thank ya :) Now I gotta feel for Vinny...look out tomorrow
HEY i just met you , and this crazy but heres my number so call me maybee ~ LOL i love that song (x
Today's beard is Mikolas Ales. Never heard of him? Go check him out on our site.
Hey girl is tonite hungry tiger n if so what time again???
thanks everyone who donated to the Lambchop show on wtju.net... You MUST TUNE-IN to the absurdly good line-up of shows on wtju.net
you're cute,follow me please<3
yeah, freeze any old veggie scraps - they all boil down to a good veg stock.
Congrats and good luck to one of my former bosses...Steve Lavin!
Discount Double Check Gets Double Stuffed
via : Determined to ease your minds as we set our eyes on the things that BUG you! If you have pests Please Call us at 214-918
- They said he took batting practice today and everything seemed alright.
unintentional awesomeness :)
But I guess she just called because she cared. I think I can finish all these damn assignments...it's gone take time, but imma do it.
So who is planning on seeing Friday The 13th on Friday The 13th?
What u guys r doing is amazing things all over the world! I came to Christ thru you!
OMG i went over tweet limit BUT IM BACK:D
haha very true! only true chicagoans appreciate the city rain or shine
TYB is like a regular daily walk for your brain, it is the regimen of it that I like.
- ok, but do we call you Mike or Natasha? hahaha...
Cool- I'm in Chicago until Sunday but maybe I can catch ya at Blue Nile. Hope to see you soon
Nate and Jake think that they just saw a UFO (aliens) They recorded it and everything...
I walked 5th street in Owensboro at 3am wasted with a 18 pack of bud!
V-day isn't even a real holiday. Just an excuse 4 guys 2 treat their girls like princesses which is BS cuz thats how it should be all yr
Ice cream sundae with caramel. :)
#TUFlive! Let's go! So excited!
Just saying but I called this shizz.
#digitaltext Don't forget that we meet at 10am tomorrow!
A good and sweet Passover and Happy Easter to all!
creative motivation: B regular & orderly in your life, so that u may b violent & original in your work~Gustave Flaubert
Generally agree, but a quick burst reminding voters of Obama adult actions may cancel out Romney's HS stunts, without blowback.
i love their hair dyes. i go to their store very often. you should see the people over there. they are amazing.
listen this is my 3rd attempt, and 3rd name, and I've already blocked myself, from myself and can't get it unblocked!
haha that's a real place? Where it at, homeboy? And please god tell me they sell t-shirts!
Good to know it's the coffee bringing it out. I was wincing and decided milk alone tastes better. This could be a good thing.;)
will you be later too?
Nice! Someone else hit me up this week too. I have 2011 narrowed down, just have to post. Hoping to do so soon! Thanks!
I'm working tonight, and just want to tell you that listening to you sing made me feel 100% better. Merry Christmas!!
Good day...pay day
I live with these songs in the absence of conversation...
How did it go?
Nice to see you last night - Sarah said the event is private but maybe you, Lee and I can go get a snack or something after?
We have Direct Connect with Bank's REOs for Pennies on Dollars for Commercial and Residential Properties - Email:
Why build a lighthouse in the middle of town?
last thing i wanna do tonight is have to say goodbye |:
SUMMER HAS ARRIVED EARLY....DECK AT SHOOTERS IS OPEN TONIGHT.....MY HOMEY KING.DOM IS GONNA BE THERE KILLIN IT ON THE TABLES....LESGO
Come to M100F to hear talk about advancing marriage equality
I will forever be an outcast, an outcast with a retarded penis.
My pleasure guys!
#lifewaseasy before I was born.
as long as they get the message I think it works out the same :D
quoth the raven, "#nevermoresquare".
Kane over Orton? Hm didn't see that coming!
It has been a nice break :D. Sounds interesting. I want to learn more about the human body esp. with my own health issues.
Have a great weekend / ¡¡ Pásenlo chancho!!
that's the attitude we like to see!
That looks terrific. Does peter get a sip?
Out of coffee filters. Only sell tea paraphernalia in this part of London. Venturing to Kentish, anticipating NYC effortless caffeination.
No love. All business. Living is learning. Becoming a man takes times like these. You ain't a boss if you never took a loss.
Here's hoping we get more THIS YEAR
good idea! ... taking note
Marcus you'n even gotta pay sht.. I know u don't!
I think Ruth may be my new favorite book of the Bible...
Stop blaming everything literally on me
The LORD is good, a strong hold in the day of trouble; and he knoweth them that trust in him. Nahum 1:7
Learn Bodybuilding with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Kid from the Trackmeet won't leave me alone.
Just got hit on by a college senior...... I look like I'm 12? What part of you is attracted to me?
We're doing a trunk show in Beaumont, TX today! I you live or know someone that lives in the area shoot us a DM.
Learn more about Hmong culture with resources from our Hmong/Southeast Asian collection at the Wausau Headquarters Library.
having so much fun writing tweets for the fictional characters in 5HE's intransit: #wink. it's easier than writing my own.
there are some places where you can just take some chairs and sit to watch but people camped out last night lol
Surround yourself with people that are only gonna lift you higher, because friends are the family you chose yourself.
do you think it would fit in the overhead?
now following young lady!
and I just called you!
Your account is sending spam DMs. You might want to change your password & check your apps.
My people, there is nothing new under the sun. Let's stop doing the same stuff and expecting different results. That's called insanity :-)
SPECIAL OF THE NIGHT- "Summer-Fredo" yum stop on by :)
Mrs. Amelia Preschool: Painting with Marbles
follow me @ frenchi2871.
LoL Nite Hun see you in a few, hopefully you get that time off!
come to the dark side!!!
no work today
you bet ...and that is the prooblemmm...lol
yep me too man. Still one of the worst feelings I've ever had after that regional game.
what haters do you have? O.o
thats the tradition. and dont think ive forgotten about my secret plans to get you moved out here...
lol who are you trying to fool? cause it ain't me
amen!! can't wait for Jan & season 3.
Working with the youth entrepreneurship network of Philadelphia teaching SEO and Social Media Marketing!
Enjoyed my first official taxpayer night! Went for a run after and I get home to see the O's up 4-0 on the spankees! Great Day
How've you been?
Does Brain Training Improve Cognitive Abilities?
you got big plans for.next week or something
yea lol it's a shame
if i could sing like anyone, i would sing like adele. if i could steal someone's talent for lyric writing, i would steal eminem's.
Who likes the new song we posted? Shouldn't be too long till the whole demo is out :)
reminds me of the car ride...
Attending day 2 of the latest FL Dist Learning Consortium mtg. Best wishes to Susie Henderson as she moves to #Educause. We'll miss you!
and i go hard in the paint.
Sounds like a good idea! May God shower you and your family with His blessings this coming year! :-)
Leadership is causing others to think in new ways about old problems.
Damn. Well-played.
Just gave $20 to a nice little slot machine that promised "Mucho Dineros!" in Vegas.
Haha! Nahh. :p Same here just tweeting away and being bored with no life. Lol.
Cannot be dealing with fanwars. Since when was being a fan a competition?.
El Cajon(: what school?
...in case you didn't realize I meant 'ur in' to mean 'urine'.
No spoilers! I'm an episode behind, but still: Totally agree.
that robot head was funny af i just retweeted too...
Everyone who's interested in Virginia's agricultural and rural industries should follow my friend Bette Brand:
Get your fill with #Tampico20oz! :) RT I need sum tampico
Deadlines and due dates and to-do's, oh my!
Our first show at the in almost a year is tonight. Music starts at 6. See you guys there. Bring your mom.
it was really quite stellar. He's a paragon of fashion
As member of the Illuminati, I approve this. RT Obama's hood looks crimson in color - that's actually the hood for journalism.
's got something different tho.
I keep telling ya'll I'm a virgin.
Did you just shout that wish to me or act it out? Either way, THANKS! ;)
Just came back from the rec
Happy #birthday to the father of Op Art Victor Vasarely! Search ARTstor to find images of his optical illusions.
I won't. But the station still sounds cool!
for sure! is she having a party?
need those dam sunglasses and ill be ready to show up at crime scenes
ya know what would be cool? If you followed me :)
Agree - such a tragedy that should have been caught by many points in the healthcare system. Prayers for all involved
I stopped following you guys a while ago bc idc & u say shit to piss me off so I'll do it back. Unfollow me.
PLEASE FOLLOW BACK!
If you are middle aged and still waiting for that knight in shining armor, settle for the factory worker in the Cadillac.
dirty little lasers
There's no way I'd rather spend my Saturday night then watching movies with my babygirl. :)
No for all three days
Hahaha oops, our stickers are tiny. Maybe we can rebrand this as "micro-promotion."
YO MARTHA STEWART ANSWER MY TEXTS
Real shit lol RT : i'd be the #dirtiest cop RT : If I was a police officer if be causing havoc .
#youcantellshesahoodrat I don't even hear her talkin I just see her head moving
perfect day for it! We hope you're having a wonderful time. :)
Thanks we need it!
Did I ever tell you that I had three pet turtles named Yoshi, Donatello and....Splinter? Yep. I thought I was funny.
I know, it has to do with STO.
Running the #MensHealth #Urbanathlon in SF on Sunday. For Tweeps who've done it, thoughts? Tips?
my friends amanda wills and colton chesser hates each other im chatting with both on facebook
#confession I hold a special part in all of my ex's hearts. Til this day I'm still loved by all
hey! :D how are you today?
Life still goes on I guess. 8 months...Eh.
It's true. There will be a Funch #2!
you mean to tell me you are that damn sensitive that some1 can upset you by wrds they TYPE on the computer...com'on son
Hey Direct Msg Tom felton and tell him to follow me please man he is so cool
Dr. Marcus Cosby just slaughtered the House!!! "Can I Get a Witness?!"
FOX News' Jennifer Griffin&hubby NPRs Greg Myre will be talkin Israel & the Mid-East on my show Wed 5.25 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
It's not hairstyling, it's "sculptural ephemera". Lol
Thanks for the
And that Miami run looked like the black team running away from us.
Waffriday? Anyone? Does that even make sense?
We're suppose to praise Wilf for an extra $50M? He has a condo that cost $19M. The Vikes are high-fiving right now, yelling "we screwed em!"
RT Thanks to more currents!
No matter who you are, it is so simple...a feeling...but it's everything...
me either :o lol
We were all raised differently.
My phonesignal sucks
sorry I had to dash! son to science experiment: catapults! It was great to follow you for a bit. Amazing, impornat conversation
Never ever will you find me more on edge than watching the lakers play game 7
I'm back at the zoo, this time to visit the Orangutan family.
Good morning USA!! Time to get the blood pumping and the oxygen flowing!! Gym time... My favorite!!
indeed you do :)
Benefit to coming into the office on my telework day? Lobstah!!
thank you
My daughter is over here singing "long heels,red bottoms..stay up stay up stay up" lmaoo
My Daddy Always Tell Me This....Don't let your mouth get you into something your ass can't handle Lmao
I'm just going to write all my feelings and thoughts out in a journal :(
I smelled the same thing and thought the same thought.
Mexico vs. Colombia, Spain, Brazil to meet in U-20 World Cup quarters
You have another cat!? You're such an old cat lady already.
Just got my gym membership!
I live so close! Like 20 minutes. (:
The Cross represents the victory that you have been fighting for, begging for, praying for. Own the Word. Those promises belong to you!
Anyone else heading to the Sundance film festival?
you won!
Your belief in the Bible, Faith, Your Christ,Your God should trump any decision that is put in front of you contrary to the word.
just 2 hours (: till you mind blow all the single monthers away!!
Whoa. Real smart. MT My online forum with Ed Blum and : "MLK in the Era of Occupy" bit.ly/yzVAMC,
Attention #AT&T : 4G on my iPhone 4S? Really? Still the same sucky experience. Change that indicator back and I'll respect your honesty.
aha okayy. Ill miss u in math G-Sweats:/
Thanks likewise
Shabazz Muhammad just dunked over UNC-commit Marcus Paige. Perfect score.
Clam Chowder today!!! Try a bowl for ONLY $2.99
Something Sweet <U+2663> -A
should totally go to Seattle again! ;D its a pretty awesome city.. i must say! :) haha
Thank you person who had the idea to create
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #radio because it’s the best in paranormal radio!
Out celebrating 2 years with , meatpacking-style.
IM BORED! haha I love how I delete all my tweets so it looks like I just RT stuff! XD
Mmmmmmuah! Much Love!
Who up....call me I'm talking shit tonight. 313-648-5753
now that the weathers getting nicer i wanna start waking up early before school and exercising. i just need running shoes b/c i cant in vans
"Budgets arent just numbers on a spreadsheet, they reflect our values." We need to invest differently.
#np if you
On the boardwalk at Venice Beach again. 's idea of crowd work: "Your bicycle helmet's on backwards."
ARE YOU SERIOUS? WHY LEAVE HIM ON THE FLOOR!! We are up 12 with a minute left. Kiss the championship goodbye. BYE!
it's not a huge story, but it's relevant b/c it provides a glimpse of who Mitt is. Something he doesn't give us in speeches.
demonstrating how dangerous it is to have uneducated people make significant economic decisions.
if only it was that.easy.
Great piece on CRASH. should pick you up.
yay, thanks for joining my Cyn needs a place to sleep and store her clothes search team
I can relocate anywhere in the US for your open retail position. See my website....www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 53
HOLOCAUST HAPPEN NOW IN SYRIA.... IN THE LIGHT OF DAY....AND THE WIFE SPEND'S THE PEOPLE'S $,$$$,$$$ BLIND SOUL
At the #newsapps panel. Tough choice on next session: UGC panel that is very much related to my project ... or The Onion.
plant something in Organic mushroom soil... you wanna see something grow. Hottest, tastiest, hot peppers ever.
Yeah I'm going lol
Shoutout to the lets closeout the ps im havin fun sect 416
Trading in my Camry for a pontoon boat ... Wow ... Rivers instead of roads ... Be safe SA!!!
just make sure you keep that tension low on those box braids.
Special shout out to all my followers! Thanks. Hit me up with events in the harbor region!
I want breakfast RT : I really wanna go to breakfast but no one to go with
": now following #SB" #smashbrothers in the building #bmg stand up
it might just...just cry for a few years
Back words... No matter thoughts something's are still wrong to say but I guess I guess I just added on to the ruined situation I made
I just apply in 20 places today i hope they call me !
When it's my bday I prefer to give rather than receive, so for those interested I offer vip bottle service with me on Friday and Saturday!
That's right! Forgot u did #StarSearch #olympics year #2004olympics think also year #TomBradley #International Terminal opened @
I love so much<3 she's amazing<3
Ok, now I can watch the game :P
even ejecting a flash drive can turn into a nightmare
She sucking up your homies then kissing you the next day.
I could care less about your views if they aren't what mine are basically lol haha
But still, well oh well. Me too, can't wait for summer to come already, so done with this cold weather.
The difference between men and women. Women make their girlfriends feel beautiful. Men think about sleeping with their buddies girl.
We remember today & always the men and women who have served & continue to serve our country during times of war, conflict & peace.THANK U
I wish my back wasn't hurting so I could do whatever I want. /Sigh/ life is sad. ):
Nice! Shoutout by for the #refresh groups during #accessusummit conference. Thanks Mols!
When did vanilla ice get a show on hgtv?!
U just judged me and by saying we didn't know anything. You're quite the sinner aren't you.
Bronx pizza for dinner. So glad they finally started delivering.
Next show is tomorrow (Thurs) night!
why's that?
your welcome :D
just housed a bad of popcorn. truffle oil, parmesan cheese, chives, black pepper...its love.
is 2012 U.S. Master Tax Guide.
my dog is fully stretched out sleeping on the couch. not a bad first day.
Deng finally came to play !!!
You at the cocktail challenge?
People like to disappoint me.
FREE SHOW FRIDAY! Wild Tymes - St. Paul - 8pm
aww :C too bad! ..... Well at least check my videos ;D please :3 (kevito94miku) ~ you'll enjoy 'em, well i hope so .___.
me too lol
Back atcha, Bob! Sunshine and blue skies here in OH all week.
Keep on applying for the best game tester position
Wedding! Congratulations Tiffany & Ryan! Happy to share in this celebration!
Blogs are the perfect place to share & discuss conservation treatments.
Yeah me and my producer made a mixtape as a tandem I hope/know it will be well received. You know how I do workin workin workin
thanks for all the info! I'll definitely check out your boards
My firm has opportunities in digital...production, development, project management. And we'll treat ya right.
Yeah, when we're paying for dedicated servers we expect some kind of support...not "file a trouble request and wait 72hrs."
ill elaborate on that lata
- This lady Got On Some Phat Pharm Shoes ... HELL NAWWWWLLL .... THROUGH!
He means the world to me... Too bad he'll never know.
What a good day so far hopefully it keeps going!
so fun!! RT : had fun (and shopped!!) at tonight's party with & !!
Love seeing Glenallen Hill still in the game, coaching first base for the #Rockies. Dude used to hit majestic bombs.
Thank you for the birthday message! I've been on travel and haven't looked at twitter.
#3WordsForYou STOP!! HAMMER TIME!
Party was coo' forreal
i wonder where u at u havent Tweed nothing whats rong me sad tweet Logan makes me happy :-) if u tweet
hahahah my primary school teacher taught us that billions of times :)
Chef any suggestions who I should talk to atTampa cansino
Today we enjoyed the National Anthem as played by Shawn Maxwell on trumpet before passing two pieces of legislation on to the Senate.
well what kind are they, how old are they, are they fixed, and are they house trained?
What a fabulous forecast for Milwaukee Wisconsin! Warm weather is here … at least for a few days ;)
SHOUTS OUT TO ONE OF THE BEST FEMALE SINGERS POINT BLACK PERIOD
Merry Christmas a couple days late lol been running my behind off!
#Leprechaun it is!! *rubs hands*
ROFLMAO!!!!! And also Parker has more fans. Are you coming to Arizona this year?
My best friend and I still can't change clothes in front of each other because we've know each other since P.E. 1991
wish you were here, bro. Next time...
Detroit Rock City!
IF YOU ARE IN, GOING OR BEEN TO MIAMI IN 2012 LIKE THIS PAGE, IT'S FOR YOU! MIAMI 2012 :D
heel shopping in a few >
SO happy to be taking a mini road trip with my family to Fort Wayne! Up first: a baseball game :)
Off to sand lake
It's a great economic plan to spur growth in other biz-friendly states.
$140 of equipment and three weeks of anticipation later
Not all moms are as lucky as you to be able to finance their path. HR merely said you weren't the expert on women.
working on something cool. might need a bigger room.
Why not? I promise you, you will wish you did.
I'm at that stage now where I'm tired, don't want to gamble anymore, and need to get out of Vegas.
Just so lazy and useless.
Yea I was quickly reminded of that fact. So I'm still leaving town everyday lol
The Guggenheim museum in Bilbao Spain is the greatest structure in the world.
Thanks a lot for the RT
Thanks for that RT,
Hi Todd: Let me get back to you later. My wife is working with him and she has most of the info. I just jumped in yesterday.
Cut, cap & balance.
our tavern is open to host any & all films & commercials...check us out!!!
Why run, when #kettlebells will jack up your calorie burn at rest and increase your oxygen consumption, to improve your run?
someone told me yesterday my avi was creepy...
r even more:'( Stupid twitter shortening my texts
Finished reading book Rework in like three hours total. Had a choice between purchase of two biz books glad I chose what I did.
I don't know.
we don't have an app, but we have a mobile site.
Looks like I have to write my name on all my shit damn <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Hmm....I was surrounded by idiots in college. Well, I went to UW so what do you expect. Grad school was a different story.
Thanks! As we get rolling, we'll be sure to hit you up.
Almost christmas. :)
This girl said she is 19 but she looks like shes 34 though... that crazy!
The average human scalp has 100,000 hairs
does that mean its on its way, or that I won't feel it. decisions...
this is true
Thanks for following back! :)
Not lookn forward to that traffic coming back downtown....
Thank you for following!
Had an excellent show tonight with Creatuve Cauldron in Artspace Falls Church with Eureka hosting.
Lololol I'm a homewrecker of one night stand relationships
Maryland gets a run in the bottom of the 2nd after walk, throwing error and RBI single by Bustillos. 1-0 Terp lead after 2 complete.
The Christmas gift I just bought for my Mom just arrived....it is completely broken. What the heck am I going to do :(
#Quickisonfire looks like #TheLAKings r gonna get the broom out in today's game
Bookstore back on campus!
i dont know lol.. Just heard
Game 7 baby! Let's do this.
Questioning the universe......
Getting in game mode early.......I will not take a L. My team winning.......Warriors
I know, it's so overcast!
Thanks for the follow!
I'm probably blowing up your guys TL.. sorry...
totally just saw what you're talkin about
yO! how's island life? I'm homesick. -_-
two more days to Graduation ! yea, BITCH BITCH BITCH BITCH JFGAHGSAHG;HGA;HG
baseball in the bluegras bama vs uk time
#FilmTwit grades are calculated, finalized, and submitted. Tomorrow, #APTwit2. I feel like August was just a few days ago.
Oh hell no, Sarah Michelle Gellar!! Is that a tie dye dress!!!!! Somebody told you wrong!!
missed y'all tonight! Hope to see you guys next time!
well good morniung there
#imnotlooking for a partner , more like a bestfriend . Outside our relationship should be a bond thats unbreakable no matter what
What if a mirror is an entrance to another dimension and the only thing stopping us from getting there is the other us?
Goodnight To u to
This thunderstorm and all over body ache make me wanna order a pizza and watch movies. Instead, going to work a beer/spirits fest. Next time
Back In Action (:
Well that global AP was terrible lol
Cool. So What do want to talk about?
Hey guys, im looking for a social media/events/marketing rockstar in Chicago - know anyone?
It's almost time for the Pulitzers!
Your Taste Level Isn't Even At My Waist Level !
Thanks for the FF, Liv!
so 2 out of the 3 people I have a crush on like my best friends..... oh... okay </3
While college students can provide ABA therapy under the supervision of a BCBA, they are not qualified to develop comprehensive ABA programs
but the easiest thing? Building chicken sandwiches.
"Lois If God wanted me to not sleep with my wife he would have made me John Travolta" - Ouch, Family Guy
lawlessness? did you even read the article? these convoluted laws to "protect" us are taking away our civil liberties.
For every $100 spent at a locally-owned business, $68 stays in the local economy compared to only $43 if spent at a national chain.
I don't understand why a person would speak about something and they have no intentions of doing it.
Saw a preview of the new Call of Duty last night. Can't wait!
Now that the film is complete. We need some people to see it. Trying to find people that would be interested in seeing "Voices."
Expected snow showers leave dusting in
maybe because he's so amazing! Haha
I love that sound you make when you shut the f#ck up.
That tweet. lOl!
Dropping my hairbrush during quiet hours sounds like a gunshot. Which reminds me, I forgot to check Facebook today.
yea me too. Im watchin a movie
I concur on Floyd
Congrats ! You've won 2 tix to w/ & at TONIGHT!
you are a wild, disgusting animal. We love you.
Had a Six Flags day! (:
Ready for a win tonight!
I didn't see you last night so how is that possible!!!???? ;-/
Winning not always the major part of the game. Let my opponent exposes themselves entirely by showing their exclusive strategy
thanks for the follow :)
Tennessee wbb in a nail bitter with Kentucky. 41-37 #wildcats with 10:00 left in the 2nd.
That's cuz you ran off and got married and you're never here anymore. :(
HAPPY BIRTHDAY YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY! I'd call you if my phone wasn't dead
haha amen I'll be <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> for us both
“I pay these n-ggas with a reality check.” -LilWayne #John ( If I Die Today )
Man my tutor uses the calculator like it's a gameboy or something...
thats right girl!! youll conquer the world, just you and logie remember us little peeps. :)
: Check out my buddy new mix tape. Follow him for the link. Also I got a new track featuring him dropping soon!
or......walk outside!
where you at negro?
Whoa! Stay safe and dry!
Scientists should help make the invisible, visible - Shawn Lawrence Otto
But the Number 1 romantic Comedy has to be Brain Smasher with Andrew Dice Clay
RT : Where in the future might we most productively focus our research efforts, both globally and locally? from Dr. Levinson
#IAlwaysWonderIf someone can read my mind when I'm thinking bad thoughts.
Today, forgive those that have hurt you & forgive yourself so that you can walk in victory.
Happy Easter!
annoying ads dude >.<
Miami fl ! :D
Hate when that happens! Good luck!
freeresortbeach.info New Post - Which Varad.... Read it now at <html> <head><title>410 Gone</title></head> <body bgcolor="white"> <center
It is 9 degrees outside. It is April NOT January!
hah I'm playing. I went water fall jumping that afternoon and didn't make it back in time bro. My bad dude.
yeah.. Wat is ure favorite food?
that's a serious bottle.
i'm into making learning fun i think there are ways to learn material that for some learners may be more effective than reading
I'm not allowed to drink anything hot. But I want a frappucino haha. I'm seriously having the weirdest cravings. I'm starving.
Omega-3 Green-Lipped Mussel Extract May Benefit Joint Pain And Mobility Better ...: This unique environment and aquaculture contribut...
pumped to see you guys. RT : Thank you, Cincinnati! Indianapolis, here we come! Or,actually, we're here. Just rolled in.
I think it's safe to say that Wisconsin's political class is in a civil war, and the state's economy gets to be collateral damage.
Should not still be up...
3 minutes in and I am already crying.
HELL NO MAYBE LEBRON AND BOSH
Ha, via travel, yes! But now lots of exciting #MCN2012 activity to catch up on/prep for Nov. So much inspiration all around!
aww thank you!! You are sweet too!! Im listening to music!!
Hey Guys you should follow totally worth it!!!
OR IGNORE ME LIKE ALWAYS. that's cool too. Whatever. I'm getting off.
Been thinking about the #hillcrest #farmersmarket all morning. #foodonthebrain. Must.. have..
plzz follow me
Logging on to Google Drive, but no Linux support? Damn.
hey sorry for the late reply I'm on tweetlimit right now.
If you can't keep a promise, why won't you stop making them?
hey is big dave okay? Xx
Hey Camm!! Its been awhile ehh?(:
nice piece about love. completely resonates with my life experience.
Another Family Fun Day in the books. Now it's time for a marketing staff tradition, for season kick-off meal.
“It is not our differences that divide us, it is our inability to recognize, accept and celebrate those differences." ~ Audre Lorde
Saturday, May 14, 2011 Colinz Room, H.O.P.E., Jaybird, Shifty Binzer, Alan Marco, & Poetri, your host IT'S A PARTY!!! FREE! PEACE DAY 2011
Lmfaoo.. I would have said the same thing but im the youngest out of my family
Big weekend in the Big Easy!
he's the leader of a famous ad agency - it's his job to care what people think
& JR unpacking the tension btwn the public and private voice...& losing one's "platform" + validation.
Encouraged? I don't think so. I will not vote for him nor did I. And none of the rebups will get my vote either.
red bottoms all summer promise that yall ready :)
About to go get some Big Macks you feel me?! Let's go.
I just come out of shower, and yeah you can have your book x
was the maple syrup hike canceled? i don't see it on your calendar.
whats up beauty
#FavoriteNBAMoments Dirk's Mavs winning their first title. I'm #lakergang , but I cried.
Keep your heart 3 stacks keep your heart - these girls are smart
#OH: Person 1"Fireless. I am pretty sure it's FIRELESS." Person 2 "THERE IS NO WAY the 'FI' in Wi-fi is FIRELESS!!!"
RT True to our water signs we #Pisces tend to go with the flow & figure things out once we get wherever the waves take us.
Had a blast at the #dreamdrive today #dallas with my fellow #footballwives crew!
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.
x24 Mexico. Earthquake in Japan, watching 2 see damage as also in room full of leading Japanese networking folks-global fiber can save lives
The IRS.
i want to go skateboarding or something but skate park is closed :(
Thank you so much for following me!! (:
#twitteR package in R is insanely cool
good thing I've got the internet to remember my stories, because clearly my mind is a sieve. btw, you going to #cwcon this year?
best. song. ever.
Define your business goals clearly so that others can see them as you do.
repping the Jets today. #don'tcare
#EverydayIThinkAbout where God has brought me from! #thankful <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
LOL Well I am ready to go for the ride.
There aint no rest for the wicked, till we close our eyes for good.
weren't you a 4 star? plus, it's all about money for who covers it. i enjoy following recruiting but its getting oversaturated
Jonas Fans Are Blessed!
That Clippers game almost made my heart stop. Glad for Bledsoe the last Grizzlies shot didn't fall, he wouldn't have lived that down.
So sad for her friends, family and the music community may she rest in peace.
Tv, two of my fave boys, and junk food! It's the little things that matter<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
haha word, i can't even collab with my right hand man!
shake it off and come back stronger than ever. we love ya!
No Birdman , youre not 5 star . you need to change yo ' twitter name
lmao it's like X rated though smh
Small group at my house in 15 min and I'm not even there to clean it up:(
thinking about getting a tattoo this weekend...hm
Surprisingly I'm Neutral To The Whole Situation .
<---masterbating “: Her: "do you have a type of girl?" Me: "No I don't discriminate. Those who discriminate masterbate."
*GASP* OLLY. MURS. this baby. What I wouldn't give to be held by olly murs..
Attention all Artist don't forget we are having the #HitMakerContest still @ dreambighustlehard.com for further info check out the website
If you missed us tonite be sure to check the schedule at 12daysofkissmas.com We'll be around town for 8 more days!!
Get up get out get something ! Dont spend all your. Time trying to get. HIGH ¡
My best friend is the someone who brings out the best of me.
great episode!
I would love to participate in more online #foodallergy support group forums in different cities. Facebook helps too!
Make some NOISE for Kristen and the Noise! Tonight
Feeling loved! Today, the #NewOrleans City Council recognized #Loyno for our contributions over the past 100 years. Go Pack!
lol does anyone else famous follow you?
Code Novak at Sergio Tachini site may crash the site- gets you 30% discount ;)
ahh i missed you congrats on your win :)
What was the most unusual service animal you ever saw being used to assist their owner? How did you react? www.crtasa.blogspot.com
That's nice. I pay $100 a month for my cell phone bill and it always shits a brick
UConn, Stanford, UNLV, Arizona, UCLA, Kansas, Indiana & Michigan have seen 2015 Dream Vision (NV) PF Stephen Zimmerman play this weekend.
Don't you need editors, book cover designers, and marketing? And don't authors want to get paid?
why the raid?
Oh, you're not only 8....you're in love? Is that so? Hahahahahah.
megan, megan, and megan.
888 Poker here I come!
and it fucking sucked. You have to pay for all food on the plane. Credit only, no cash. Its all expensive.
You are very welcome. It's always great to catch up with old friends.
#Glory is such a nice song from father to daughter. Every father should express that kinda love for his child.
I need some new bands to listen to! Any suggestions?
Always fun to share tea with winemakers. Today our friends Blosser. Thanks for making Smith Teamaker your field trip visit.
adam levine is amazing!!!
Price makes no sense, but the story speaks to all budding entrepreneurs.
I've seen the movie "Contagion" before. It was called "Outbreak."
love u too girl
Nice, both LA teams gonna lose in Game 7. LOVE IT
Just explained the difference b/t recommendations & mandates to all CDC mtg attendees & got huge applause!
I'm glad I don't work today or tomorrow c: I'm going to sleep like a baby
Can't wait til caps game tonight!
Dear #Hilton hotel room. I am ready to check in. Why aren't you?
"I'll have the chicken caesar salad without the chicken and the caesar dressing." - My Dad, to the waitress.
Here's the hashtag for our Eighth Symposium on Nov. 19, "Cyberspace and Civic Space: The Impact of the Internet on Our Democracy":
Finally! What was supposed to happen on Monday happens today. Leaving for a 3-4 day grind in Tunica in a few hours! 12 hrs i'll be playing!
Stepping out of the page into the sensual world.
happy birthday, gorgeous!
I am still getting my Twitter feet wet :-) This has been such fun. So much inspiration . . .happy to meet so many!
Getting a free #BlueAngels show, they've been flying over the house for about 30 minutes! SO COOL!!!
Question via +: do you think the current political climate will affect voter turn-out this November?
did you see Al Horford do the joe kwitek lay up???
Is creeping(: what a creeper!!! ;)
yeah, well, I'm doing it on my phone and don't have the patience to try & edit anymore.
big credit to patchwork by M's pen tonight, keeping the game within reach. also, to Octavio Dotel.
wassup wit ya
has this happened more than once? Did you try the "reset password" question mark?
Day 1 of training to run...again. I've got the walking part down. THat's a start right?
Happy #FollowFriday! Retweet and Favorite us to encourage your fans to follow
#MeAndYouCantDate because I'm too involved with someone already! it's called twitter. lol
Sometimes when I think about Jesus a lot, I literally don't know what to do. JESUS CHRIST IS JUST AMAZING. I can't even calm down right now.
wanna text me?
where the fuck is the 16? waiting over 40 minutes.
I know it's not exciting, but save yourself some some future hassles & ck your furnace filter... Or don't and call us in a month or so! :)
needs to come back into my liiifee
lol that was supossed to be a smiley face not a winkey face....
"It is finished!" (John 19:30) The debt of our sin has been paid for us by Christ.
Spinning, Clicking, Scrolling == (scratch) Reading. -Saper
It's been one of the productive days where I've accomplished a lot, but nothing that was actually on my to-do list.
Don't forget to follow to get the latest updates about our upcoming Annual Conference in June!
Happy Easter :-)
well that's certainly an interesting development...
been ok .. busy with ows and stuff.. spent most of this week in the hospital, due to my diabeties
United Center is hosting Chicago Blackhawks vs. Columbus Blue Jackets game on Mon 26th Dec. We have tickets for you. Call now: 888-493-0004
I wish I could fix that for you, but expect rain to increase Sun afternoon, highs in the mid 40's!
I’ve cooked bacon. I’ve eaten bacon. Bacon is a friend of mine. Turkey bacon, you’re no bacon.
HI Bella!! HAVENT tweeted you in a long time. so i hear you are releasing a song! its a solo?
Rib night. 9.95 for the half rack and 13.95 for a full one. They are served with a baked potato and cole slaw. Pretty sweet deal for Monday!
Thanks for following,
im so late babes ... i love u. and im sorry u had to be put in that position Friday =(
follow back?
uugghh, saw the most LMSsy LMS today. Thought to myself, well, someone must get excited for Excel why not this?
Yeah, it seems like an excellent fit.
#unitedairlines Who has the time to unpack in the middle of baggage claim area and transfer to a rolling duffle bag you don't want?
Lil Mama I love you soo much Love from Canada plzz follow
Note to self do not order classic slice pizza 4 hours before bedtime
Omg, your baby looks like an alien... O_o
Way cool. I don't have an office per say, but most of my stuff is in the basement. I have a few things out, but I need more.
#Wholefood n El Segundo is Huge! Eatin healthy is expensive but being unhealthy will cost a whole lot more n the long run
ok y'all stay out of trounleX CYL ;)
Sometimes our actions speak before our words cause alot of times we react before we think or say anything.
Boyd and Jeff are working the lights during a night interview.
as would say, Awkward!! Good times
3 WI Remodeler Awards for #NARI are complete and ready to be turned in when I judge the MN Awards tmrw. 2 fire restoration and one kitchen.
Clearly needs to be a trending topic. Mom's being taken for #granite happens far too often.
What about "Shame and Regretista"? RT We can't for u to make a flavor known as "Mayne Event" or the "Oran-Gina Huljich!"
I guess I'll have to join tabbers anonymous - ta ;-}
THE HECK DID YOU DO, BITE HIM OR SOMETIHNG? lol
Big exciting news this thursday
yes. Except for Sat in Ft. Worth
sadly, no one to blame but all of us.
bish get back
lack of positive male role models in the immediate family. Which is a result of kids being born for reasons other than love
ready to hit the <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B2> trail with my girls this morning... but not until 9 so must. stay. awake. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Delicious foods that could be prepared quickly or with minimal prep work that also are healthful. Would be a weeknight lifesaver!
“ Fellas: the most precious gift u can give a girl is the gift of your time and attention”
Mom just hooked me up with a Cardinals hoodie and silver and lime green Nike running shoes!
#ihateitwhen you're having an amazing dream and someone or something wakes you up before the best part
My phone broke and wouldnt turn on, then I dropped it and it worked again. Ladies and gentleman, I give you the iPhone.
Pockets are full, got all my things! Corn, Bread, Jam, Peppers, Tomatoes, Herbed Chevre, Wooden Toys and a Taste of India for dinner. You?
hey! Thankyou for following! :)
A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are singing, and the lawn mower is broken
u okay?
I leave the hospital today. And I leave Florida tomorrow night. My phone wont work in australia. So see you in a month.. I come back august.
Why are there old ass people here shouldnt they be at home sleeping? i feel like my mom is going to walk in any second
i totally am following you are crazy and fun dude
I'd like to translate that to "When I act from the heart, magic happens. When I act with an agenda, nothing happens. Act from the heart."
Today was pretty brutal............Time to go home.
SPAIN. BTW, congratulations on your design work. Inspiring! I'll join ACCD this Fall for GradID. So excited! :)
Haha, thank you Austin!
about the same----started yesterday----got a jump on it!!
just kidding not really. more like every 3 days im tumblrin
Sounds great... count me in.
I should stop caring.
I don't think I'll be able to make it today. Not feeling too hot.
Could be. Not going to try and speak for every ID out there! Some are excellent and have no ID degree.
The Society will celebrate Maryland Day on March 25th. The Society's Marylander of the year will be announced.
phone is acting up. Time to say NNGB toLBsends xoooxc
Three Pitt Students Receive Goldwater Scholarships. That's 38 since 1995.
Ah, this is hard.
KFC would be everything right now.
NEW BLOG POST "Mike Gamms: Father of The Year?" about why I should never be allowed to have children. www.mikegamms.blogspot.com
So my elbows no better. Still in so much pain. Problem is we dont kno wat happened to it. :-((
truth i would say yes but in a calm way
Pregnancy, periods, breast cancer, being walked on, rape, harrassment, abuse; females go through a lot. WOMEN ARE STRONG.
Daughter & I @ del mar horse races 1st time ever. So exciting!!! 1st race-horses lining up. Wow!!
Cant believe Heavy D is gone!!! still shocked all the great ones are leaving us wow
Laughing at your mistakes can lengthen your life. Laughing at your wife's can shorten it.
"When your self-worth goes up, your net worth goes up with it." - Mark Victor Hansen
Thanks for the congrats & RTs
<pausing> RT : I've gotten my tickets for all three performances already! BRING ON THE PAUSES.
We appreciate the RT and hope u liked the article cuz we're feeling your music up here in Portland
How is your day going? Its a great day , any exciting plans for the
busy busy busy busy !!!!
Freedom n Village church combined good Friday service 7pm@ the village church's building (37th n Roland). Cya there!
By the by last night show went phenomenally. Thanks to everyone who made it out
Eddie Vedder just hit the stage and just fucked up his song!!!!
: something real cheap cause I ain't got no money fo real...you at work?
MR once asked MCA if he could recite the hillbilly rambling from "5 Piece Chicken Dinner" 15 years after recording it - he did it
#SPURS rip the Clips!...suck it griffin!
no matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up every morning thankful. somewhere else people are fighting to survive
*blushes* RT : I knew was in the building. Smelled adventure, masculinity, & intrigue wafting in the air.
Hahaha! That is funny. Hope you're ok though. :)
Going into a 3 hour meeting on benefits. Should be exciting!
As of tonight, Newt is toast.
Turn off notifications
That "Grandpa" had to have known what he was in for on Black Friday. WalMart created the situation, though. Tickle-me Elmo started all this.
A bride at her second marriage does not wear a veil. She wants to see what she is getting. Helen Rowland
Wisconsin Democrats say GOP complaints over Senate recall petition signatures won't stand, elections will be ordered
I hope we work together soon again ! :)
UPDATE 1-Advertising revenue boost for property website Rightmove
I feel nauseous. hundreds of posts all the way back to 2009....
STAY IN THE GYM NIGGA, WHEN YOU SLEEP SOMEBODY ELSE WORKING
Glad that we made your day! Have a great week, and thank you for following our tweets.
Yay! You're here... No one has all that interesting of a life. Tweet often. You're awesome.
Back to ballet after a week on vacation, let the grunting begin!
So then I was like "Oh yeah I forgot all about him", but in reality I think about him everyday.
So I'm clear 4:30 am is the new 5:30??
yeahh I can I'm bored in the car doing nothing
troy bold dog over bold
I love
Shout out to - GREAT CLASS @ Actor Comedy Studio in Hollywood. If you're an actor - definitely check this place out! Great ppl!
Though I am always in haste, I am never in a hurry. -John Wesley
Well that is a compliment coming from you!
Courtney: the gnomes are so cute" said in that baby voice. Call the Police, I'm gonna kill someone.
hey hun how u been i haven't heard from u lately
#foodcraving I just satisfied: crispy turkey bacon and dark chocolate. M-mm!
I'm about to have some much needed FUN!!!!!!!Getting ready to get out of of here!!!!
only when I am there sexy!
Follow the Milwaukee Youth Council at and tweet us at
Oh you know, we dirty! ;)
roll a doobie and meet me at moms casa
haha I haven't a clue. I hope not.
15 min to show time! tune in to www.blogtalkradio.com/soulfulblend at 7pm PST I will be a guest on the Soulful Blend Radio so check it out..
Betty Ford dead @ 93. It took awhile, but she finally drank herself to death.
Ya betcha. ^ME
Plotting today's outfit: red , pale pink Vince tee shirt, a loosely draped Pier Antonio Gaspari cardigan, & dark, dark shades.
yeah, but the Browns can't score!! Little's averaging 53 yards and no TDs. Walter at least has 2 TDs on the year.
Hey, I just bought 2 tix for Sunday through that TipIQ thing, but don't see a seat assignment. Will they be next to each other?
I can't get a refill. I spilled it at my friend's house!! :(
i'll definitely do that.
Watching transformers.
Matches what you did all day Sunday, good thing my opponent had you.
will soon be selling Indian Remy hair extensions (all lengths, colors and textures):)! Contact me asap for pre-orders.
On today's show joins us to talk about his #mapoli candidacy & Somerville bar pledges to serve only local brews.
LIttle kiddo not feeling so well. Has a cough and already been asleep for almost an hour
do you find yourself shouting about how archaic & irrelevant the monarchy is at the tv, til the kids look at you funny?
u were precious on Ellen today! Can't wait to c the movie!
What did you do today? <3
Looking forward to it!
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul. Democritus
If U got a car i can teach RT Who in Atlanta drives a stick? I need to learn how to drive a manual shift asap!
Moody&#39;s dampens Olympic Games growth hopes
are you the real lisa? God... I adore you! :) <3
ATB comes out tonight in select cities, I have my tickets! Question is, do you?
Not done yet, but want to thank E.Tamarkin C.Levander D.Luciano. #2012c19 has been amazing.
Lolol. "World premiere of a CLIP..." XD
Thank you Thank you!!! Whats not to like? Cheeeeseeee with a crunch!
“One in every 13 children has a food allergy,” said Brian Traynor, National Walks Director for FAAN. “We are committed to helping them...
Another hot overcast day in the land of Magic 86°F Current: Mostly Cloudy Wind: S at 8 mph Humidity: 76%
off to san francisco, then LA :)
Just finished watching the new Dr Who, Season One. I'm so behind, I feel left out.
That is so unfortunate. We're losing an architectural treasure.
Never Danes, but thanks! Juggler bc its my life: juggle school, work...aka life lol. Brazilian? Perhaps. My does get dark
I had no idea how much Wiz Khalifa REALLY loves his weed.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I never thought I'd make one for the most amazing 5 homosexuals out there.
I have never actually seen a bully steal anyones lunch money. ;)
Steve Harvey is the fairy godfather of women relationship advice. He just...pops up on televisions randomly every time a woman looks around.
How was your Thanksgiving?
After a full day in Gotham, headed to Boston tomorrow. Road trip!
Joseph P. Larkin = Michael Clark Duncan
...and tonight I'm once again proven why I do not like to interact with people. I try, it failed, we move on.
Pissed completely off
no he doesnt
lol why thank you :)
I also think we need to be selective about FB invites. So often, I am like WTF? They must have just invited all FB friends
Friends of Henderson Libs Used Book Sale starts tomorrow at Green Valley Library through Monday. Come by, get a deal and help our Friends!
agree man
Our dudes debut full length album #neverbackdown goes on pre-order today which includes an EXCLUSIVE bonus track! Get it!
lololol for sure! :p
I'm starting 2 kick around a few potential #NewYearsResolutions. 1st idea; b more gracious 2 #Sherpas. After all, I luv those little fuckers
- delighted with the new discovery and looking for more....
Amare is DUMB!!! Seriously, nice guy but dumb as a wall and LAZY!
The sleep timer on my tv went to sleep before I did...
That is true and there aren't that many WolfGirls out there yet. :)
In Sacramento, flight was delayed. Sad I couldn't be at the scholarship reception.
After today, I'm feeling #TweetChats polarize interests more than enable cooperative collaboration...Is that it from the #peanutgallery?
lol some ad thing he had to do for J&J when we were living in jersey. Who knows ;)
you didn't.. I know who did..
How does and get added to this exclusive roster?
This week will mark our 1 year online. Thank you all for making this first year an amazing one. <3
These ladies that are powerwalking could get so much more results if I could do a helicopter behind them.
Thank you Kim, Lisa and all of the wonderful donors with Dwell with Dignity
Important Athletics Update: Today's JV and varsity basketball games ARE CANCELLED due to inclement weather.
Voting at the FAZ Excom Elections at Moba Hotel in Kabwe has started. Am for Kalu and Lombe and Lee.
Ready 2 watch the beagles get neutered by the Boys
Enjoy Summer! I'll take care of all the music.
I totally wish I had your into to Twitter resource when I started tweeting!
fruit and vegetable growers can grow enough food to match the plate. (I think that's what I heard from FMI.)
hi new follower! Hope all is well with you! :)
#getCURRIEDaway and HAVE FUN right NOW!
Maybe answer to more energy isn't new multi-vitamin; maybe it's new approach to ur business & life, in alignment w true desires.
40 cents worth of gas
: Ohio state sen. Turner is right. We all should be outraged. Has the #GOP forgotten women vote more than men?
It's so F#%*g disgusting when you're trying to eat and every1 around U's blowing their nose! #NoClass!
HAPPY VETERANS DAY TO THOSE I SERVED WITH 965th AWACS & 7025 AIRPS and ALL VETERANS..... ACTIVE DUTY STAY STRONG!!!!
Ensuring "financial aid" ensures MORE DEBT!!! How about letting those of us using our degrees to refi, i.e., repay our loans faster???!!!
Nice guys don't ever go outta style.
thanks. I also get my braces off Monday! :D
lol...that's go hard
Put it in and hit her with the
oh really??? thanks why i cant dm you???
Agreed! RT Julius Shulman was a genius.
Okay, yes, I have a series recording set for Conan. Everyone loves a comeback story.
I feel a pick 6 today Ike! Make it happen!
Gavin is an exception. c:
Good one! #AskAgentAnything RT Feedback refers to contracting market & agents not taking on new clients. How to overcome this?
Make sure to follow as well. I highly recommend it!
I said Woah der , Woah there baby you just need to stop c;
Now, now. Let the man enjoy his chicken I'm peace. :)
RT : ooh where at?* at the iSchool in Syracuse!*
Wondering why my twitter feed didn't update.
and theres gonna be another 1 too in like an hour it might be worse :/ who knows
The secret to managing is to keep the guys who hate you away from the guys who are undecided.
Shit just blow from bull shit.!!
no, didn't post it here. glad you enjoyed it.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi
just not on mondays till school is out Cuz I have my daughter on mondays
Stunning..."By 2030, 73% of households in U.S. will not have children." From this morning's plenary: Kim Walesh, City of San Jose.
Since season 4 of is over, we can start campaigning for to be a judge on season 5, right?
Man ! Im still lustin over these $3 cupcakes... Best damn $3 ive ever spent !
It feels different my brother being home.
Trees in urban parks and recreation areas improve outdoor leisure experience in US by $2 billion per year
unpriced FB shares is like getting paid in "exposure" on The Huntington Post
lol, why is boys always playing xbox?
Missed Valentine's Day for Work? Get a 2nd chance w/ Cambria Suites Valentine's Day Redo Contest Follow & #VDayRedo to win!
Aw, thanks... we're loving you too... first time back on twitter in ages... nice to be chatting with you again : - )
Studio time.
At my next art show, I'd like to give out those eye-dilating drops so my work looks more crazy bright. Lens flare art party!
no! Lol I'm mocking him! He's such a douche! He's ruining the shore! ):
I'm super stoked to go streaking tom! I need some mula!!
just got that good ol Job at guitar center!!! Bless his holy name!
wrt "Should Criminals Take a Morality Pill?" I'm pretty sure "A Clockwork Orange" covered that already. bit o the #ultraviolence?
thanks to the ladies @ Bayshore for not putting my head through the window while buying boots for the GF.
There are babes. Upon babes In Ann arbor right now
Friday Funniest
hockey specific testing is different than functional movement screening.
I like your new picture
I think #Natitude is also a hash tag thing
thanks man
People tell me we look alike. The Roger Dietch. Have drug detection foundation that needs some attention from you.
I have resorted to watching Saved by the Bell and Boy Meets World. Daytime tv sucks..
I'm scared to click that link.
How come nobody has produced an Avengers cerial with marshmallow Capt. America Shields, Thor Hammers and Hulks?
she already know lmao
I was doing calculus in my dreams last night. This isn't okay.
What someone wrote on their Canisius transferring notice: HATE it here. Students are stuck up and annoying
Excited I now have a modest light kit
keep ur distance from them
Shoutout to , great seeing U and look forward to getting started !
following love my homies!
Drummers are annoying.
What 2 do on potential last nite on earth? How'bout stay in 'n stream 'Last Night' a '98 film about the last 6 pre-apocolyse hrs
By the bottle is easily the best bar in vancouver.
Both occupations have their pros and cons. For instance, bank robbery isn’t quite as dangerous as cab driving, but it pays better.
St. Patrick's Day fact of the day: St. Patrick was born in 385 AD!
yeah there sure is
would you like to discuss your kevin search with 1010 WINS radio. Please call the newsroom at (212) 315-7090
"How could I be anti-woman? I even judged a Miss America pageant!" - Rush Limbaugh
Rain getting heavier, hope I don't wake up to flooding.
SO ABUSING
have you seen #Drive? It was awesome
Men's One-A-Day vitamins sponsor MLB. Probably won't be on banned list.
Pull the string, and it will follow wherever you wish. Push it, and it will go nowhere at all. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Watching Americas next top model
I will definitely do that :)
Whats up home slice?
It’s #PensFanAppreciationWeek! , Staal is my fav #Pens & RT this to enter 4 a $500 gift card & auto’d Orpik jersey”
she probably is...
Part of our team is in Vegas this week for at #PACKEXPO. Should be a great show!
The banks could offer a real estate groupon.... open a checking account, get a free foreclosure
New prompt from Facebook's mobile app to connect to my contacts to add new followers. Not sure why I think that is new?
agree on comic sans. unfortunately, it is my bride's favorite font.
#31-Reggie Wayne-WR-Indianapolis Colts
WILL DO!
Of course. You should've told us there was a dress code - I could have worn my Cubs hat.
What’s a good place to start learning music theory? How much should you learn?
SO DID I! I literally fell on the floor... and almost threw up... Candy is my witness.
Fingers & trunks crossed! RT : Caved, went for on Wheels. The Mama Leone's should fix things.
The amount of bullshit comin from this kid... amazes mee..
my bad new number
Thank you for sharing and for the kind words!
the dro startin to make many look smoked out :-P
Getting married to <3
follow back pooh!! :)
root beer float.
sweet so were rldoin the same thing
i lovee that new dance cookinqqq i kills
Flashback: maybe added something to your calendar. Not sure what. Warning for any future alerts.
Over here in orlando Florida it is beautiful and sunny!! And how r you?
how do I open the account backup from an account restore? When I open the .gz file there is another tar file, but I can't open
Shout outs to all my Follwers and New Followers welcome to my world
UH HUH you know what it is!
Hi you sent me a message on friday could you send me an e-mail or give me a call with details
If you have anyone that needs assistance in Texas I would surely take care of them and appreciate it! I will send whatever I can to u
can you recommend a freelance IT ntwk guy for our schl? Need strategy, implementation & on-call maintenance. Thanks!
G SHOCK HEAVEN YELLOW BLK RED & WHT AND DA DJ AM TEE FROM UDFTD IN THIS WEEK ONLY @ NWC BLOODBATH ON DECK !WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
now I want some! I guess I'll be making a trip to the store soon...
If a girl tried to beat me up I'd say "ayyy Stfu and go into the kitchen and make me a pie"
Wait..i spoke to soon lol
um u still on what about u blonde
I'm with you. Orvieto is similarly messed up; and even Assisi, where they've really tried hard, is iffy.
#artpolitics two extremes intersect: military and art.
Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar. Meet new friends, try a new drink, munch on some small plates and watch LOST on Tuesdays. Nothing better.
Who's coming to vegas this week??? Hit me up for table or guest list 702-750-6103
I can only hope that hears my calls to bring #omgfreebenjerrys to me!
yo sone this fat bitch in this class is getting mad loud, about to smack the bitch.
Also, how are you a fan of both the Knicks and Celtics? That seems impossible.
I create stunning art for print, branding, and web. www.calixtrostudios.com #freelance%20graphic%20design
Sometimes, I wish I could read your mind. Then I wonder...if I could handle the truth. :) Swag
#NBA #Knicks Who is Brian Kortovich?
Trying to figure out why I find this Braun video so boring
hahaha it's just a natural habit.
Ah, very useful and fun! Thanks for supporting ! Maybe we can meet next year!
Mark Titus book is really good.
I've always though the two complimented each other, as blogs can be the brainstorming/discussion of academic scholarship
just saw the saturday matinee of M33! What an amazing show. Such a riveting plot :)
Really excited About My new Diet & workout Plan! Very heavy duty & Low volume! #blood&guts
You are awesome, thanks for the RT!
how are you feeling man?
Goodmoring Mindless fans...have a great day at school....be as Mindless as you can today....1-4-3
Yes - Unions Station! RT : We've not been to Union Station much; perhaps in a few weeks!
Great way to start the day Mr. Kodjoe.
- I'd say too much $$$ + too much time. Clearly corporate season tickets. It's the only explanation. re: reader
A minute on the lips a lifetime on the hips ...yup feelin that saying today
I'm sorry, dude. That's messed up.
Man it's already hot as shid in the office smh
I got it. Don't know why I missed it. Peep it when I get by pc
that is so funny Thank you
RT : What so odd about that? Most policy proposals are constitutional, whether someone likes them or not
i should be playin' in the winter snow but imma be under the mistletoe...(;
haha I don't believe you.
Loll me and devin convo devin: look mf I said hold on not hang up Me: I did then it went CLICK devin: fuck you black niggas lmfao:)
I don't care what they say im in live with you
whoever that is, got issues. smh.
“: lol are you watching the #Snoozebowl” Mainly commercials! Loved Madonna!!!
Zimmerman will go Home Well I told many people that Florida has a Habit of letting Certain People Off Scott Free That's Florida Justice!
Word! and don't tell my husband, but I was secretly cheering for UI over those goofy birds the other night. :)
Honcho lifestyle tip #1: No Honcho left behind.
if this were happening in the midwest, the milk would have been sold out days ago
Abc 7 had new year party and news casters madout
what did he do?
life defined?
lol, maybe but that's not stopping 'sugar' though
I walked along the shores of the Pacific. My night is considered a blissful blur. <3
I'm in michigan. Womp. Little sister decided to graduate from college. Lol
Taylor Swift on B97 today at12 noon!!
I know-- Wow what a game!! Also a "good luck out" to John Axford who's wife is in labor now w baby #2!
Trying to catch people while they're at home makes me feel like a stalker. I don't like it. =/
Two key phrases that may describe why they USA sucks in the eyes of some other nations 1. Donald 2. Trump
10 field recordings of office white noise, hvac rumbling, etc. #improvisation mixed live for 5 minute duration with attention to dynamics.
You know what the Clippers need right about now......Tebow.
RT ": I never understood why 6 was so upset when 7 8 9....but then I remembered 6 and 9 have a special relationship ;)"
We are selling some of our enclosures to make room for new models! If you are interested plese contact us via website they are 40$ a piece.
what type of moves are there ?
People may refuse our love or reject our message, but they are defenseless against our prayers!
Buy a man a beer and he wastes an hour. Teach a man to brew and he wastes lifetime. -Gordy from ABC Warehouse
Fantastic time yesterday talking with #UTEP students in Public Affairs Writing class. Their homework: Be brilliant, help #elpaso up its game
I sure miss hearing my Bass rumble out those PA speakers, my buddy was locked in da pocket last night, I yelled take those chains off him!
Looking for producers, music artists, web designers & actors! Contact me if interested!
yeah, just past the lamppost!
- is laughing at all the Bears fans who are running to the ledge, getting ready to jump. It is ONE GAME people.
The Elephant in My Closet opens Friday May 25th 8pm The Chapel Theatre Hope you can make it!
Awesome at-bat by McGehee.
Just....wtf RT : One in 5,000 babies are born without an anus.
Having a good day. Enjoying some much needed rest. Hopefully I'll be feeling better soon.
Headed to the comedy store in #Hollywood ! Showtime is at 8pm - There are different shows going on so make sure you go to the main room!
Happy 4/20 peeps, Going to light one up and head towards the studio!
These guys could tweet and get our map gizmo out to the world. Their audience is 18-24-year-olds, moms and kids. Use Twitter and Facebook.
no aris name should not be in her mouth and talking about all this in her school it's not the place
the question is not "what, but "who."
Congrats to RT Now it's time to start a new chapter in my life here wit the St. Louis Rams and I'm pretty excited about it!
yup, "Run Ricky Run".
Climb aboard this Blues train!!Help spred the word www.reverbnation.com/rufar0
when ur only measure of value is money, ethics is irrelevant.
New Shirt Scooby Doo Head Youth Boys 8-20 Brown Graphic Tee Shirt
Truly the best of all possible worlds.
Should tweet us right about now.
I've never cried watching a movie until now. Hachi was such a touching story.
Movin' to where?
You hate drama? Cool. Then stop starting it.
I miss you too mi amor
I give all my love to the family members and friends who lost there lives on 9/11
im use to it! Since I dont hang out with girls all that much!! Plus my guy friends are all really hot!!
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it!
I still fill it from spring break
Need to get a Sunday session with ya bro. Maybe this weekend!!
if you think thats sexy, you have no idea haha.
Re: cop arrests protestors vid, it's documentation of a heated situation that occurred tonight. Don't lose sight of the point of
Congrats to for the launch of your first book on #personalfinance for young adults! A great #graduation gift idea!
- Those are some of my fav spots, too!
The goto answer is "What is winter, oppression, and/or vodka drinks you?" if you're stumped on Russia ?s.
After 6 hours of doing maintenance on our gear and lighting - we're ready to rock next week! We'll be at Dan McGuinness on Saturday the 8th
In DTLA, How many coffee sleeves have you seen already this morning? Again, those can have your brand msg on them.
Why does hearing your own voice on a recording sound so damn weird? Anyone else hate hearing themselves? Man, I sure do.
I actually really like this idea of confecions especially for Arianators <3
Shout out to my newest follower .. Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
Mom C's recipe for scalloped potatoes and ham. It's what's for diner.
Hopefully I'm out of here by 1
Best night in a while.
state control.
appreciate it!!
So many of my friends hate each other...it's kinda nice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
hahaha that's so funny! Good luck to you too :)
next time he posts a video like that i'll spam you, kaay?(:
How much do u belibers wanna bet 's dancing to sexy and i know it right now. Hahaha. I can imagine him doing that. Oh Bieber.<U+2764>
Thought it would be less Artist more Beginners/Drive.
so watch out Mr. slick:)
rock on. The next question of course is: are you making it cuter or more violent! ^_^;
Does want to be cuttin' them on the tombstones. Look here all around the throat had been torn open as if by some wild animal.
We can hardly sleep we’re so excited! #AIDSWalk12 is tomorrow at UNLV! Help us break all previous attendance & fundraising records Vegas!
Augustine defeats Gonzalez by referee stoppage at 1:01 of the 1st round. (standing guillotine)
He got a god as personality (:
you know your stuff DP!!
I love foggy summer evenings :)
k. We will have prob 20+ there. Loved to have been there. Tell Joe to send me his personal Jet down to pick me up.
#compcafe - : a #compensation philosophy is not just an #HR exercise
hey you should give us a listen :]
RT : If you want something done, ask a busy person to do it. The more things you do, the more you can do. -Lucille Ball
#MUSICNEWS Underwood tops Billboard album chart, Beastie Boys return
Can the Brewers just play their home games in AZ?
is wondering why do women always open their mouths when they put on mascara?
God, yes. That's why I want to know if race is going to be an issue. Some white girls only want white guys. Etc.
I always thought about selling drug's, idk why though.
haha blocked one against the wall
Good Morning! Happy #Mothers Day 2biological moms & those who r assigned 2mother via adoptn/foster care. #I'llAlwaysLuvMyMama
I haven't watch much Marlins games since Opening Night, but I see that Heath Bell doesn't appear to be anything close to a fan favorite.
my horoscope cant tell me shit , NOT even who in tf im compatible with .
Thanks so much! See you at the show:)
Also flickery power = unplugging all the expensive things in my house; commencing Jamiroquai-fuelled dark-loungeroom dance party
Well r a half breed bcos u look lyk a asian n ur name sound lyk typical bangladeshi name
How many millions were sitting on the bench at the end of the #BULLS game last night? I wonder what pays cheerleaders that much?
You have to get away from all windows for the lockdown, but you are in the ALC... You can see us through the big windows...
#STANKY BOOTY SELf
I'm going to bed, we can learn tomorrow
Looking to give away FREE Memberships.... Interested? Ask me how...
pelea de que?
Its so weird when you really want to hang out with someone but they don't want to hang out with you.
The optimum number of outs, is as many as you can!
We'd love to have you join us! And we'll gladly take your excess food, we need it! Please send us your contact info.
Might have to buy some DuckTales DVDs for my kids. My kids, yeah. For them.
S/O to an OG #ForeverFly supporter
“: Brock used attract! but it failed!” haha not effective
There's a lot of useless characters out there. But none so much as Quinn.
oh yeah oops
The water for my shower has been running for 5 minutes and I've yet to get in.. Oops
I might be staring at Geneva Jacuzzi as she talks about anal sex. But maybe not.
Pumpkin picking and muddy corn mazing in suburban #CLE. Love the season and the easy transition of farm-city-lake. Perfection!
At the church, sermon done. Still no priest here to tell me where to sit/stand. Weird being a guest preacher in a RC church.
#protools gon make me a mil i don even needa know audio engineering just turn it on and fabolous
Ready for it is an understatement! RT : Who's ready to get back to the Fort & ready to kick the season off?
Ugh. I guess Pujols was due for one. Even the Almighty can't miss a hanging slider.
I love the new Netflix with streaming the mail in disc were overated
My ass hurts from sitting in a salon chair for 2 and a half hours straight...
it was so good!
Looks like you are having issues with your website. Is it just me?
Time flies when you're having a good time.. or when you're on reddit
Thanks for the compliment. Our offices are full of originals.
no pass.
any resources OVEC can you help you with, just let us know. Hang in there, it is tough, but you are changing lives!
Washington State Patrol is hiring. They need to fill 60 trooper positions
so as soon as I turn the ac off its hot as balls again. Not really sure what to do about this. Except complain about it on twitter of course
wish I could! They fell apart down the stretch on a few key possessions! CJ really sucked!!
no I did not! When was that? Gosh!
No way, keep mathews
It's the semifinals this week! Have you signed up to our mailing list so you can sign up for next season?...
Oh My Two Dads was great...
word is my third chapter is "excellent" #notsobadatthisafterall?
Would you buy a Facebook phone?
Whether you agree with the call or not, try to keep your bias out of your commentating.
I've had a productive day.
Were you the perp or the vic in this email case
you say you a Rude Boy , show me what you got NOW.
progress is a process
the real question is did you buy a fraud/illegal jersey or get a real one?
Great to hear. Thanks for coming!
Anybody Surprised that NBC Cancelled "Awake" on Friday? Any Entertainment News or Gossip Stories people are chatting about?
Good morning, friends... here's to a great day for us all! Do you have a #healthy day planned? : )
Soon, my friend :]
but it's not An iPhone ...
Me to but i have to coach tonight RT : So ready to lay in my bed and sleep
#3WordsOfAdvice perm that kitchen
Looking forward to working with Colorado Rehab today!
Heller World....Tweeting thanks to
I need some ideas for fantasy team names?
in the cut
Keep your breath fresh. Brush after meals and coffee. Use the strips. Don't chew gum. Ever. It makes you look like a cow.
Of course - thank YOU! RT : thx for MCing and invite to panel! :)
yeah him and he knos hes my complication
Be careful wat u ask for
Ok.. I qot the titles.. Even tho im so late checkinq it.
Nick young!!
Tonight is the night that will be talked about for generations
Wait. Enough of you go to No.7 that it sticks around. But not so many that the sleepy Saturday afternoons are too crowded for lounging.
you guys as well!
will try again. Thnx!
3 nice days in a row? I can't believe it! Summerfest tonight!!! :)
God morning! House blend and Mocha Java brewed. I'm enjoying a cup of Mocha Java against doctor's orders :X But it's so good!
I've BEEN @ Miller Park when an opposing kid made his MLB Debut. He got a hit, & Brewer fans gave him a standing O. Cuz' that's what U do.
Star your close friends?
I was watching the video for Adobe Shadow just now. With no one around, I said out loud to myself, "Holy shit."
It's bad yall
I suppose that would count lol :)
who is that?
RT : Testing with a screen reader only is not sufficient for testing keyboard only
Can't believe how quickly kids outgrow their clothes! On the other hand, I'm blessed to see my niece growing into a beautiful young lady!
John Edwards on prostitution allegations "Cmon do you really think I would do something that stupid while running for president?"
"I have been looking for very small huggie size/style turquoise earrings for a long time."
Luv Syd, IM a Fan Of Your Show As Well
I hope you're having a blast in LA, ! We miss you and can't wait to hear all about your trip! :)
Obviously! So much guilt. Are you jealous? It's mine, mine, mine. And now I'm closer to Puritan godliness.
#Celtics beat the #Hawks 83-80 to win series 4-2. Philadelphia in the second round beginning Saturday at TD Garden.
You have to find ways to appeal to those who think Dem's and Rep's are the same. Speak their language, but use facts.
Overhearing two co-workers talk sports. College sports, even. Blessedly, a rarity here at
Turn 22 today. Chasing dreams of making music and movies, would be awesome to get a retweet from !!!
If I say to you "wow, that's crazy" in our conversation, chances are, I'm not listening to you.
though I do enjoy witty banter every now and then. ;)
The 'ThisIs50' is still one of my favorite interviews ever .
No one has proven death yet
chillin with shawn , this cough medicine is kickin my ass
That's way better! ;)
Give it up for the dogs. #HereWeGo = bud's best spot in
yes new <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>to<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> friend!
Thanks so much for the post!!
We may have to Storify it.
WOW tonight at ... If your not here tonight, you have no right to call yourself a resident of miami!
If you're funny I will follow you...if not, you're dead to me...now who has #followingfunny suggestions?
good luck to all the competitors this weekend! And have a blast at the expo!! <U+E131><U+E131><U+E131>
just stomped the bejeesus out of his tshirt to make it vintage.
lmao black people stupid how you gone talk all that shit and then when niggas wanna fight you not fighting!!! ah!!! gtfo my face!!!
the glass came out.
OMFG MY HUBBY CHRIS BROWN TURNED UP THE MUSIC IN MY HEART AS HE SANG TO ME
Wish I had a sugar daddy right about now.
RT => Stedman is watching BTS with me. he's in awe of you guys. keeps saying "unbelievable" (he is correct)
your tweets are lies
That food my auntie cooked tho>>>>>
That's why he's on my fantasy team.
i dont understand y ppl always so damn depressed on fb like wtf! bitches need icecream mint chocolate chip icecream!!
Hi Shelby!
So.... #TheHungerGames movie could be better. Didn't like the jerky camera in the beginning, and it didn't quite string into 1 narrative.
Oh great. My internist is now sending out rude appt confirmation emails from donotreply .com, so I can't tell her about her botched ssl cert
Okay she was better today but I'm also sad cus the boo is leaving me today :(
you just gotta be aware of other drivers. if you can master that, you will always be fine
I'll probably say nice things about it later, but RIP Pineriders.
How did u end up being a judge, are u Scottish??
Judge Anything doesn't feel comfortable issuing gag. Carlos, Quninones attny says its damaging jury pool every day
You're so kind!!:) haha
wow. that's intense.
k I dmd him for u
#AGirlDeserves to be loved. Don't base things upon materialistic things. Those can be replaced. The feelings you give her cant
I'm selling Oreos, Chips Ahoy, Peanut butter cookies, & Cheese Ritz bitz. If you want go to Ms.Viallobos Rm: 3327 1$
Best looking PB & J ever! Yum
blodwyn finally got his trough on... detox day...
Looks like the link is behind a login. Can't wait to see the public version!
Another long night of working on my website but I finally see the light at the end of the tunnel.
now that's a hot pic mami.
People just let you down
Cleaning harmonies!
I've been accepted into the MFA program at Naropa University in Boulder, Colorado.
Gators make the tournament EASILY as a 10 seed! So much bubble talk seems strange with this seeding
Summer is coming >
Ian Stewart's throws to 1st from the knees......WOW!!!!!
can't remember exactly either $45 or $30, we are doing it again on the 28th, those are like 7 ft tall good price regardless
HAPPY MONDAY! : Have a gorgeous Monday luvs!
In 1912, singer Perry Como was born in Canonsburg, Pa.
s/o to all my new followers...
My parents have yet to say something about my bedroom wall dedicated to a bunch of British boys. They don't encourage such antics.
preciate that, babe. :)
have fun! That's one of jakes and my favorite things to do!
Watching "girl fight" on lifetime. Just reminds me how ruthless girls can be!
If Wal-Mart is lowering prices every day, why isn't anything in the store is free yet?
are some magnificent roses(I thought your"appelido"was a Tijuana street drug)
lol wtf. Why would I do that?
that almost makes for a good trivia name, we try to be funny and topical with those
Haven't bought it. Maybe I can borrow it from you the next time we meet?
bitch you told me lindsay said pictures are at 2:30!
You must be good at video games cause I fell for all of your games you played with me
So yeah, how to you play cd's these days?
Inspiration galore! Great staff retreat!
you are my favorite besides cuz she's my sister!
Thanks for coming in! What did you have?
Save the date! May 15th is the Cultural Center's 20th anniversary.
Perfect for a snowy night in!
Working blows ass..
Be with the girl of your life not the hoe of the night #Swag<Class
The Avengers! Hope its a good movie.
Very happy that my sports story is a national finalist!
Wont get an argument from me!
Eating a sandwich. Alone. In the car.
the government people can or yah know them hackers!
Trip to mountains cut short when we got the phone call that gf's son was in a car accident. Came home asap.
Alex books LOGITECH! Thanks to BROAD-CAST!
can vinyl records be consider as plastic that can be recycle
i wuv u
As much as I hate being a doorman at least I get to be to date on tv commercials..KFC now has a pot pie I will never try
the beat for that was crazy tho
#InSchool I forget who you are. When I leave, I feel angry that I still wanna talk to you...
Voting on roc battle right now
Just got workout 1 of the day done now it's time to run FIFA train. While my man sleeps, I get better.
Megan Fox shows no hint of pregnancy in slim-fitting outfit as she defends herself against &#39;ugly girl&#39; comments
dude wth when did tickets even come out?
Otherwise, I'd prolly stay fighting.
whoa hold your horses there Emily!
Changed my twitter name. Eff yes.
we were having a discussion about ereaders & what some of our favorite books are, so we thought we would expand the conversation
Mayweather bout to start
BABY DONT BE SO SHY
I would totally go to Paris! :)
amazing film!! I teared up a few times myself...
Special pricing on most models of Hand-Fed Clamshell Die Cutters. Call for details. 888-BRAUSSE, 888-272-8773.
I just went one round. Grenade selection a bit quirky but it's solid. Let's crew up you mooks!
thank you dear
Love u the mostest
RT : New: Top Kill sundae. Olive oil ice cream with fish, sea birds and mud poured on top. 50% chance it will taste okay.
Praying She Is Okay <U+2665>
I love Maya and Corrie <3
"La voz de la mujer", the anarchist-feminist newspaper published in Buenos Aires in 1896, has arrived!
I am so glad that your dad is doing better. I knew he would. You deseve a nice Christmas. You have had a tough year. xoxoxo
Quick Poll: How do you start your morning? Maybe a nice long jog, or a big cup of coffee --> Tell us!
No big deal guys, but this is what 3rd-grader Georgia just told me: "I like your outfit! It's very fashionable, which is, like, my thing."
#reasonsThatImSingle I won't settle for less than I deserve .
sounds like a plan to me :)
I wish Mountain Dew was good for me. It makes me feel like She-Ra.
Once you go Black, you never go back *kanye shrug*
#NL to Wiz Khalifa ft Drake- Purple Flowers. in my opinion the right beat, filthy lyric's equals
Hello! How are you?
by "understand" do you mean stare at feeling a strange mixture of longing and happiness?
haha xD I remember that! That was so random
Ringo's left nut is the size of a grapefruit! WTF Toronto?
Then I get major points!
Leoma is talking about consortia as collaborators: reducing the routine work of libraries, as per Friedman!
Log on to Facebook and join, "The $1 Million Facebook Experiment." Looking for 1 million people to donate $1 each to charity each month.
auughh ten more until its my birthday! im scared of being older. but i hate being 11. :P
no doubt ya'll got orange this week goodluck
Ah, playing Portal 2 in co-op mode with a friend. Great way to end my day.
damn you tweeted me before ..... uh oh. Who's gonna be #1 tonight?
Tons of people at Spitfire, 4th and Bell
I almost forgot to tell you: Future screenings of "Baltimore, We Love You" in the works but nothing definite (yet). It was great!
Alcohol is a very patient drug. It will wait for the alcoholic to pick it up one more time. ~ Mercedes McCambridge
he's so fucking weird!
I don't know but don't be a stranger
taking a break from my final (!) grad school paper for happy hour at cocktails and oysters to fuel the last few pages...
Damn my fat girl taste buds just kicked in...
After now hosting 3 AlphaBeers, I've learned the hardest letters are I, J, Q, X & Z.
Going to What-a-Burger Tonite - closest east coast fast food burger to In-n-Out
Hopeful (finally)
I mess up.. a lot. But that's okay, nobody's perfect.
Don't stop dreaming even if it breaks your heart
how about you all get ready and get a deal done with the ravens!!
Sofia-ism of the week: "Can I shovel the Uno cards?" Honey, it's shuffle. Shuffle the cards. With absolute certainty: "No, it's not."
Mis-hears lyrics: Just realized I've been saying "I've got to move my dragon" and not "I've got the mooves like Jagger"
#FF Thank goodness it's Friday!!
The other moores law: the prevalence of people with Alzheimer's disease doubles every five years beyond the age of 65
thats about correct..probably about 2-9 bc apparently this was an all day ordeal....
Hosting a town hall - first issue, teacher tenure! Gonna be an interesting night!!
national and water. Opposite way of solid gold
If you were playing #cstheday, you could get a stamp for starting a meme (with your suggestion to publish proceedings) :)
I haven't tossed mine out yet...can't bear to and they're still technically wearable, just not on rainy days.
I'm just sayin' you can do better. #FlightsToAtlanta <U+E32D>
Your smug tone is getting tiresome, friend. I'm off to a friend's concert.
There is only one Safe House. That is in MKE. Will you be at #CovertTU on Jan. 25? You'll need the password. You can only get that from me.
Never mistake gentleness for weakness, for those who are wise rest in the knowledge that kindness is power. - N.E. Brandemuehl
you as well! "Prost" is the German in me!
food. i love food.
Hey Austin! You like SpongeBob? :)
I MADE BROWNIES FOR MY BROWNY
"Everybody's got plans... until they get hit." Mike Tyson
i'm making love to the angel of death. catching feelings never stumble retracin my steps.
The countdown is on.
I hope all of you are privileged enough to know someone who can sit on skype and scat standards to you at 4:11 in the morning...
Today's Lunch Special is Zucchini Lasagna ($9.99)!
Heading to Harrisburg, PA for ADA walk on Sunday and a ride with more docs on Tuesday. Come join me for either.
Hi there :)
Four Cs #3: Confident. Make decisions and proceed with purpose. Not making a choice is the worst decision of aII.
I cant even deal with tweets about Gaga dieing. I would fucking lose it. No joke.
say bro, when are you going to invite me too a shoot. Been knowing you for how long now??? Lol keep on doing your thing
your sweet potato pie earned every nice thing I said and then some!
just finished another 20 mile bike ride
glad I grabbed a floor spot for session - this place is packed!
has run out of positive things to say about herself. The mud slinging has started...
zach is gonna edit it
Yes! P.S. You missed a wild party this weekend. Aidan turned 6!
Call me before noon and get your oil changed that afternoon. We come to your office, home or business in okc metro area
Fat, middle aged married guy cranking Glee version of Don't Stop Believin' in his headphones at deafening volume on subway.
Establishing goals is all right if you don't let them deprive you of interesting detours. - Doug Larson
headed 2 skool. like our facebook page & tune into our lastest music.type will have it
Did you see the #betterfreelance tweet series? Might be class fodder for Stanford.
Hey , we met at #SMWNYC during your panel, chatted afterward about community development finance, can we chat via e-mail? DM me?
hi Phil, a thrift store has Adventures of Dino Riki for complete for $5 is that a good price or even worth getting?
Happy customer! Holy cow --> "Your platform is legendary. Your UI: perfect. The concept: groundbreaking."
Only 5 shopping days left!!! Hit "LIKE" if you're already DONE! Hit "Share" if you want to remind your friends to get you something!
When you tell your parents a joke and they take it to literally <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
lolz its not that good. like its good but not that good
Me too, sweethearts. But hopefully this year. Meantime, thank you for the love!!
Just Marvel. And skullgirls side tourny.
aw <U+263A><U+263A><U+263A> let's go to a game soon though!
Happy Easter everyone! Can't wait to eat and get fatter! :)
hook me up!
it's a beautiful idea... but our species isn't ready yet. we're at least one generation worth of education short.
must taste better as VP at Awareness- congrats!
I hope she does! Love you for loving my Brother Marvin.
Umm...I love the ATL demo. So good. What do you guys think? earthtoalex.com (even though i'm sure everyone's heard it. lol)
catching up on a little reading, and some AMC/HBO
haha do u still like chris?
50 degrees and raining in Sf???? What happened to summer!
Oh, hello America. Never thought I'd be so excited to we LA!
All of a sudden, the Ravens seem to have lost some of their bite for this season.
!! RT : Drop your glasses, shake your asses. Face screwed up like you're having hot flashes!
buying it right now(: <3
R U NERVOUS 4 TOMORROW??? IM 100% UR GOING TO LOOK GREAT!! :) <333
Agreed!! RT : Q1 - anywhere there is EASY, reasonably priced parking
nothing personal just thought it might make u gag again...
is there something in your eye? OH WAIT it's just a sparkle:) hahaha<3
Thanks! Hope you enjoyed it.
Why do I type things here?
That it was, indeed! Thanks for a fantastic evening with LOTS of Chicago brainstorming :) Looking forward to this weekend!
#inforumsf - what is your favorite St. Louis memory?
Packer Fans--tune into now!! Return to Titletown!
No shame in that
woo hoo “: MAZEL! On our way to interview at with ! #mosttalkative #bookparty”
since you're a pro and all, i think 'husky' sounds less crass...
Thanks for the follow. You sound like a positive force. Look forward to our tweetership.
Let's get ready to rumble? earthquake in VA, kind of thought it was just construction
Instead of OT let's have a race between Jason Chimera and Carl Hagelin
Slumber comes to rake the/lungs back - tremble now, the fangs inside cages/ever rising to diminished heat
Serious update on Pinterest, must design more! The new inspiration is overwhelming!
so... just you then. But i already follow you!
Buenos Noches from Buenos Aires, Argentina
I Know Right! When They One The Natioals I Was Going Crazy!! (: xx
The chick he wifed dont look better than me sorry everyone says it .
So I understand that it's your birthday today. Happy birthday to ya!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 18
I love that idea. Good job man. Good reminder to these gifted players & teams of just how well they have it.
Interesting. I'm pleased that this list has a strong BDJ showing. All great profs setting a good example.
When Riley, wake up she cause hell but its funny though...
Paid some stuff forward today. Felt pretty good. Life, love, and opportunity gang.
never a dull moment in my family I swear..
I just haven't paid much attention to poker world happenings. I play every day, but never watch poker on tv, don't talk poker with people...
seeking Security Engineers in Springfield VA
I'm going to see D. Byrne at Telluride Bluegrass. what a lineup this year. I am Freaking blessed. Thank you Great Spirit.
Oh. I know what you mean. I figured Show would lose & he just won the IC title at WM just to have his moment.
Uh oh is following me.... Ok ok I'll stop being cranky!
follow back?
Audience gasped when he said this. RT : Healthcare - go big or get out! - Keckley
Cant wait for that to die down
RT : Stop worrying about how other actors developed their own careers. Take ownership of your career and move forward.
thanks girl!!
watchin the town
Redskins need a new defensive coordinator.
How we'd do in chess or math bowl this yr vs y'all? #WhoCares “: ... #1 Ranked baseball t-shirts too lmao #ohwait”
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to the season!
deep sea fishing, brb
Not one to be outdone, Romney condemns not only #SSM, but civil unions.
im gonna try to get up to 300+ followers wanna help i would apperciate it
that's hilarious! you'll never look at it the same :)
Booze cruise tonight!
Happy birthday to !!!!
where is my goodnight?
I hate mayo.
My throat burns :'(
Mane I gotta say it....
Doing well, staying busy with my wife & kids, & work...& trying to keep up on the Tigers & the NHL playoffs also! You?
its a guy thing
Mushrooms are so freaking nasty
Have you hear about our teeth whitening kit? Kill 2 birds with 1 stone! Ask us about it and receive 10% off!!
Excellent show at B.L.U.E.S. on Halstead. Good people, good music.
yeah i got a few things.. :)
True- goals provide a purpose for one's life- I believe all lives have a purpose
Miya says "oh, what?!?" also "who is in the lead now?"
at a viewing of my neighbors mother and I knew her very well. She was so kind to me and sent me cards for my birthdays. She is still on my..
If you're white, and your skin is darker than mine, you should probably stop tanning.
I know right!&when I fell I just stayed on the floor sitting there with the bear:D lol
Artwork is being ransomed and being sold. Some artists are getting to sell thier artwork. Ain't it great?
All they have to do is be honest! RT I #VoteSmart to see how candidates score on your Political Courage Test.
Yes yes! MT : Commit 2 spend small amt of time ea. day 2 organize. The amt of time spent is not as impt as doing it consistently
What is the ratio of protesters: media: police ?
Have u ever caught a friend in a lie that didn't even matter? Now you they have u wondering if anything they ever told you was truth.
At least twice a week I question why am I pursuing a graduate degree.
damn girl- youre like aids: supasick!
ROBERT HERE. HOW #SB12 for all ya hoes?! Were Still LOOKNFOR THE NEXT VOICE OF THe RADIO SHOUT AT US WE WILL FInd YPU. GO eat aTWinkie
#youknowyoureoldwhen... you and your son get class reunion stuff on the same day (my 30th HS reunion, and #Number1Son's tenth!)
So true.
Drink coffee! Do stupid things faster with more energy!
What, you didn't know that the best way to protect yourself is to hit the opponent in the head?
Isn't It Ironic That Is Following 69 People!!!!;)
#40dollars gets leftists to claim they don't want to raise taxes.
i still don't . i checked my sources. lol
Wish this game wasn't on so late. It has been one hell of a game and I feel like most people aren't even awake to see it.
Good start for the #Buffs!
geez she is female what women isn't lol
Yea I said it. Lol LET ME DO THE JAW JACKIN. LOL
On set of about to shoot more episodes!
I maintain this less frequently since I've not figured out how to make money from this or the blog...
Got friends who love the gourmet lifestyle? Suggest they become a fan of The Gourmet Experience! They'll love you for it!
ha. Nothing wrong with that though. Most say I look younger then I am.. I wonder what that says about me.. :/ ha
didn't know justin bobby from the hills is your guitar player
we are not registered but hope to partner with the Johns Hopkins Foundation which is registered charity.
Going to jail for a garden filled with plants is inhumane when there are murderers and rapist walking freely among us all.
Wishing i was best friends with the kardashians and watching their show every day of mt life.
First AP test tomorrow. Yay!
Romney’s Money Man Wants Maize And Blue Victory
I'd imagine. For me, it was absolutely unreal. #NYR There's always Wednesday night.
#CILDC theme thus far: "free as in Kittens not free as in beer"
Love the new followers summary. Now I know who not to follow without ever clicking through to their profile. Efficiency!
How many years has this event been taken place? What did the winners get?
What animal tests new dog and cat food first to make sure its okay?
Jameson Irish Whiskey
I love NBA.
make ya self and sure
They're just doing a big pooling of potential action, when it goes kinetic it might be awesome++, if not... well.
Is playing again in Brandon Roy's near future? Find out tonight in an interview with the man himself! ,
I'm a fucking boss.
But I know there's a Heart as Big as All Outdoors beneath all of the _ _ b , I am entranced,hypnotized, awaiting your next thrill
what's the plans for the weekend. You know my ass will b in lex!!
i mean real applesauce liek the one in the pouch
At least she's gonna be pretty wet RT "About to get blown by irene. Not as cool as it sounds."
Glad you got your tickets!
haha jk i think he is gay
oh and thank you :D
massive pencil shortage ensues.
He's wearing a red t-shirt with a large picture of brass knuckles. "Tough love" it says.
I have. I did Couch to 5K. I'm so proud.
Snow day?
spending hours and hours moving a data set from excel to PokerJournal so I can find my mythical standard deviation for kelly criterion
I'd judge, but I'll just assume the library feels like home.
When your love is lost yo whole worlds thrown off
um....Yeah! !!!! My zombie library wouldn't be complete without it!!!
im at home chillin its to hot out there right now
If you're a guy and you subtweet.... Just NO!!!!
ALL money that went into putting on the Oscars should have been used to lower the trade deficit.
Preservationists are swarming Capitol Hill today. Good luck to all meeting with their U.S. Senators & Representatives and staff!
Why are my male followers going in on women tonight?? Sheesh
Everytime I come online I check to see if I have that special follow by :)
Knowing that you have complete control of your thinking you will recognize the;power - Dave Cohen
okay! its a fun and pretty laid back job haha you'd like it
Just deleted a lot of people's numbers!
looks yummy!
I'm very nice
Definitely was an interesting day, but gotta say the best part about it is when asked me to her Prom:) I loved it!
Hey - I just saw your comment, these are very cool! I hadn't considered adorning toilets but now I'm thinking.....Hmm...
Great weekend. Now to sleep for a busy week. Good night.
I'm not! I'd tell you if I was -_-
morning hw is your day :-)
lol I feel sorry for the chick dating that dumbass.
is a savage
Tonight Melange Bar & Bistro, "Melange A'Trois" Happy Hour with guest bartenders Erica Troshak, Brad Sommer & Lynda Schneider 5:30 BE THERE!
me too
Good Morning!!
Shut off ur mouth look around, c then how much i fucking care about that bitch!! I got ur heart for life and i know for sure u will be back
If I wanted to escape I would jump out this damn window n the locker room cuz y is it open thou
Thx for the #ff! - greatly appreciated :-)
He thought he was about to dunk. NEVER
-Find your freedom in the music, find your Jesus, find your cupid; never let you fall apart together we'll dance in the dark.
If UK does not defend in the second half they will lose Seth.
I miss doing whatever I want life... Time to make some changes.
omg i effing love the daily show
is here at #RSUC11 and looking forward to another great user's conference.
what's the plan? What's the plan?! ...the less it resembles killer hikes the more intrigued I am! Lol
Crazy bitch...
70% of #wealthy families lose their #wealth in the generation after the family member who created it. -Investment News Nov, 2011
. I was talking, did I miss Q5? LOL
Happy Solstice Seattle. We hope you had a great weekend. Are you ready 4 summer's traditional July 5th start? We are! Paninis available now
The Self remains immaculate, untainted by the actions which It enlivens.
that would never happen in morgantown!
San Diego what's up with it tomorrow
can you RT #IfSoccerTrendsDuringSuperBowl we are trying to #GrowTheGame in the US off the back of the great game this morning
I hate school. Anybody else?
how's senior year going?
She'll love books and cook and look just like you And when she's done being young, she'll dress like you.
Where are you? It's strange not as bad as if it was on a bus. :)
Until today, there was nowhere to sit!
RT : The M, C. and A trains won't be running, due to the world being really unfair, sometimes.
It's so cute that #good morning Niall is always trending! I hope u have a wonderful day! =)
Just voted for the #IndependentSpiritAwards. Just under the wire, too. Betting half my picks win. We'll see!
Get paid to drink mocha!
I cannot express how much I hate Dev's character in #Smash! Ugh, you slime!
wishes you all VD. A happy one.
Price, music, purpose, people, drinks?...what makes u say yes, I'm there!?
My sister thinks she is about to get me to watch the entire Twilight series..we'll see how that works out for her..
AMAZING? #yeahbuddy !! no doubt about it!:)
"Brown mountains and green countryside" - nice map design there. Mark Monmonier would be proud. *sarcasm*
What an exciting event last night! Such an amazing turn out! A big thank you goes out to all of our volunteers.
obviously you dont like pictures:)
So is threatening to wear #UNLVMBB stuff on thurs. I am not happy about this. Damn garlic fries.
Do people really get stuck under the island of the bermuda triangle?
Crazed squirrel is lounging at patio doors. What do you do when this happens? Don't open the door is what my gut is telling me!
So I don't know if it is visible by others yet, but I actually do feel thinner.
Adding peanut butter goo to your frozen yogurt may not SOUND appetizing but I assure you, it is all sorts of awesome.
If anything he should be smiling since he'll only have to work for half of it.
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong...
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent.
Okay cool
RT Family night with ! you shouldn't have left
Again, it tastes like death but it looks like fun
Band fieldtrip.... going only for the #FOOD (;
um nothing lol i liked your tweet it says alot #humor and its harsh also #humor RT : wait, what did i do?! lol.
Secret Stall Tues@ Sonic #Baltimore -50% off ur order if u park in lucky stall but u have 2 guess. Hints given-It's either stall 1,3,5,7or 9
Congrats on making the squad for the Algarve! Good Luck
So is my father's lung cancer your business?
I am not, I am hiding and getting some work done. Questions?
“: Big thanks to Judianne for all the help on Manning story. You rock!”>>like Ghostbusters who ya gonna call!
Now headed to Feather Ridge, where a 'speacial guest' has been promised.
money, hos and clothes, all a nigga knows.
One of your fav restaurants made a national top 10 list. goo.gl/lxUbt
` Ugh tired of skoo, ready to be a senior so i cn be out this btch!
I'm not like other guys. I respect girls for who they are. Not there body. I love looking at there beautiful eyes.
is that a thunder wrap???
This diet drink tastes too similar to regular, I can't tell if I should work off the calories or not.
Love that people can get ahold of your debit card and use it! Grrrr!
don't steal my phrase!!!! Only restaurants and hallmark makes money tonight. #ValentinesDay = whack
May you all have much to be thankful for. Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Mark Stuart Dance Theatre.
:'( befiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii i miss u so much :/ de verdad que no puedops más :c
Hello Rob! How are you?
Rereading the King James Bible from beginning to end in honor of the 400th anniversary. At 2 Samuel, it's finally cooking....
I can't see why everyone gets on her about her weight. to me she is absolutely flawless. men should be bowing at her feet ha
we love HB Magazine!
you are very welcome. Did you have a chance to check out the site and create a profile? Thoughts? Likes? Dislikes?
always!! Love U!!!
We love you, Maya Rudolph!
as I am yours good sir
It was a good night. A really really good night. What else is there to say, really?
Great seeing out and about last night - Some champion style dance moves!
yess!! Come through
Good so far. Where's my cake? ;) RT : Happy birthday to Assistant Program Director ! Hope you have a great one!
Something must be going on. Kinda weird
promote your headshot business on our site!
Today's Soups: Chicken Dumpling & Cheezy Broccoli
even miles & miles apart, you're still gonna be in my heart. <U+2665>
This child was afraid of everyone, didn't trust anyone, especially not the parents in this home.
As a fan of sopa de mondongo and pho sach, I must believe the tripe.
RT : Bobby telling me he's celibate &gt;&gt;&gt;
Want to learn another language for a feature #job? Learn #French, #Italian, #Spanish, or #Chinese during our study abroad programs.
#FF folks, who are good to get to know
Yes. But I'm not sure I could've taken anymore games like this series.
#Romney u have been practicing running 4 POTUS yrs. U didnt beat #McCain. u r still incapable of answerin questions quickly & being precise
bootcamps: 'Friday space' created to build professional development
ROLL OUT THE #ROLLRUS, IT'S BUKKIT TIME.
u booooldd u stupid
happy mothers day!!!!!!
Sober at National right now. So weird.
Love is grand; divorce is a hundred grand!
Your boyfriend fucks another girl&lies to you nonstop & you still stay with him but yet he still has no respect for you. #itstimeforachange!
Your birth texts.
Ah, memories.
Can I spam everyone that I follow.. is that allowed? Y'all are amazing! Everyone needs to know this!! :)) <3
Kim's question of the week: Is it better (for the individual) to be a specialist or a jack of all trades? (Looking for your thoughts! :) )
TONIGHT #Obsessions Brings LIVE!! #X #PoleDancer #Strippers #Ass ALL OVER THE PLACE TONIGHT // 4525 Glenwood Rd Decatur Ga(v
So my boyfriend played the claw machine and had it perfect and almost won and then all of a sudden it just drops it!
#420 almost here.
I'd buy a bigger table for cutting and measuring, more storage, and more fabric!
Good luck to you too!
Thank you so much!
it looks so pretty but get a straightener !!!
THANKS FOR THE TICKET!! AirplaneCop ! Ugh
I normally get excited for halftime shows but i dont really like this crew... in the playoffs it should ALWAYs be the TNT guys
OMG NO! You are none of those things....im sorry but i had to comment!
i feel like i don't have much to tweet about right now.. i'm too confused on what to feel or to think about things
man awesome I did that last year chills down the spine
good job kid way to screw things up
Put your coat away and enjoy the tropics with our MANGO flavor down at Newbury! Swirl it with Fresh Strawberry for a fruity twist...
Hoping the Jesse Johnson concert won't be called off this Thursday in Atlanta. I'm opening for the show.
By the looks of my feed, there are only two things to do today ... Drinking or running. (Make that three: #SportingKC!)
Good morning!
Just finished 2011 prom photo shoot. Vintage looks for guys! Thanks Stefan's. Gallery to come on ajc.com.
I love 's tweets<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Finally changed the password to my hacked Twitter account... the bad news is, no more links to easy ways to make money.
The travels of Thomas continue. Spending the weekend in Poland!
the Mariners A's game is on network...
track meet
I found one with penguins last week that I was addicted to just back away from the keyboard lol
When some one calls u out on something and does the same thing.
ShelterBox's David Eby was 1st to deliver shelter to Haiti. He's back in US to report on aid effort. Interview avail
o thats what up
thanks. You have been on my mind this past week and I've been praying for you. Hope you are doing well
tried to keep up with everyone this am...kept busy! Have a great day! Thx for watching:)
Why is it so hard to support one another? We would rather freely spend money at the mall, or club then support a friend in business.
RT : heading to with my homegirl nd she just got her #TallyCardz #TeamSavings #TeamFollowBack--> #Win! Great to hear!
i don't need no boss, man
RT Dog shoots Utah duck hunter in buttocks: wapo.st/sH5xRD
this is why i use
Just met
Facebook is L.A. MySpace is Detroit. Google+ is Austin. Twitter is Denver. Pinterest is Salt Lake City. 4square is Langley.
oh i get it y pies conque seas feliz me too! ^.^
[l s asekoff] home, hone, hore
"90% of the game is half mental" Yogi Berra
Is success the same as "fun"? I remember that I liked to find the right answer. The pleasure of solving the puzzle.
off to a production meeting! why why why is it raining in Florida !
just speculation, Perez was bound for DL anyway so there was no competitive edge gained, Duffy is still active
No, I did a search for the company and found a million other people having the same problems saying the dude is awol
I'm starving this morning! Why oh why?
Such a special & inspirational board! Thanks for sharing!
If you use a Mac, I would HIGHLY recommend TotalFinder. Completely badass Finder awesometasticness.
This movie on b.e.t sad as hell. I would rob a bank any day if that was my child
2nd time seeing pacman at kroger
got it will be replying back shortly thanks
#arresteddevelopment You know they don't even have bananas in England, ok, son.
Im hungry
found a working sega with madden 97 at Easter. Good times. (actually insanely difficult gameplay times)
even though he never checks his twitter anymore../:
Welcone *Lets pray*
Charlie and I are making our little league debut today, player and manager.
great idea to teach students how to effectively use - incredible tool if used well
LMFAO I love you Justin.
Birk family thanksgiving bball. Forgot how angry small children can get
What else are you gonna do to hurt me? Don't you think I've been through enough already?
just finished Raybourn's THE DARK ENQUIRY - great follow up to her last and nice addition tot he series
Judging by dachshund duo's begging stance, I think it's safe 2 assume they think I should add tortillas & hummus 2 their diet.
So a fan spent $3300 on tshirt last night at ADS Celeb Serve! This guy's gonna have a BIG head.
Grizzlies.. What's happening?!
Freaking the fuck out when your phone randomly lights up with no text message or call coming.
Is there an ETA for the new check deposit service?
A double digits run is always something to be proud of!
aren't they going to think it's rude that you're on Twitter instead of talking to them? are they boring?
off today :D
Some of y'all are so caught up. Just be YOU.
Nashville last night Chattanooga tonight
Idiots tend to band together. Especially ones that dedicate their lives to kissing a celebrity's ass. It's cute.
It was French, it was Unruly, it was FUN. Thanks to everyone who made this a great, great event!
Going 2see tonight. We have a lot to talk about. Student loan relief is 1 of my top priorities. Just pd mine !
lol thanks for getting my balloon today
Why do I feel that Bryant Gumbel is the reincarnation of James Stewart.
#ThingsPGKidsSay you goin to that party at the community center on Ft. Lee?
1 Timothy 2:5 For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus;
Any good gear worth mentioning? Always good to hear what others are using.
awww thanks so much!! it was so nice meeting you!! :)
it would ian, it definitely would be.
Recorder will be performing live at the Opolis - Friday August 20th...Also on the bill Chrome Pony & Crystal Vision & Dj Kylie....oh what...
I despair at how bad new website is. I have to reset my pin every time I log in for some reason and the UI is awful. Fix it!
Interesting. Social media has been real instrumental in expanding my networks. I agree that it takes strategy.
44 year old SS Omar Vizquel made the Toronto Blue Jays opening day roster. This will be the the 14-time Gold Glove winner's 24th season.
I think unless you're in LA nobody cares. I've hated the Lakers since the early '80s.
Delivered my first message today at convalescent home. Humbled & bless to be there & speak & show Gods love to them
lol right, haha but i wa like 17 at the time
Finally my kind of plan. Booze my way to a bikini?
Mortal Kombat music playing at basketball games FTW
hey how your day today we'll another lost. In Yankee land today oh boy you should be a mets fan lol
Please, brain, shut off. I need to sleep!
I need to STOP trying to multitask; this document has taken WAY longer than it would had I not been discussing Adobe C
*chicken soup for the cub * aww feel better pup!
was utterly amazing.
Yo,wts good Bill,Kevin told me 2 hit u up,Do u have a contact 4 production?
Thank U & WELLS FARGO BANK for all U do for the community! is so very grateful 4 your participation again!
u ain't bring me one ....
Chillin at work at c-port 2. Wait to load da boat.
Dose someone wanna talk??? Om bored!!:(
Cool beans
So excited about speaking tomorrow that I could hardly sleep last night. I have a "burden" & I love my church family!
Currently driving a big ugly green mini van until theses people fix my car. Argh.......
in yourdirect messages on here lol
good, wuv you :D if u don't imma send u one.
picosos has great prices and real home made food just like grandma use to make call today 303-999-0785 picososmexicanfood.com
It's the dying gasps of a dwindling (but electorally active) minority. It's a setback, but we'll win out eventually.
A2: allow top-tier teams to participate, open practice week leading into game. I was there in Oct, built around one or two days
After his brilliance against Cotto, and PacMan's so-so W vs. JMM I, Mayweather's insistence on a 60/40 split in a fight w/PacMan is legit.
Agreed. RT : The fact I'm burning a candle purely to wax seal a handwritten letter to my friend makes me so much cooler.
Hey boy!
Didn't get what you wanted for Christmas? Stop on in to B1 for great deals on bikes and in-stock items. Open from 10-5 today!
To heck with my brackets. Lets go wildcats!
According to Pinterest is the lazy man's marketing. Do you agree?
You just changed my life. RT : Apollo creed is the same guy as chubs peterson?????
Hey - I thought you meant Kiss was 'punk' in the hoodlum/goon sort of way.
omg so bord now
Go #Dodgers !!! Went golfing this am with Margaret Kelly. I'm becoming a jock.
My pleasure, great content!
Its good to be a little different occasionally.. I see too many boring twitter posts :)
RT : No endorsement of Romney in that speech.
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up, they have no holidays. ~ Henry Youngman
Thanks for listening Shanell!
There will be no "post-grading" for me this week -- call me next Tuesday!
great article man! I'll be needing your autograph soon; you're a media hound lately huh?
good man!
How I know I'm at my parents' house: there is NASCAR on the TV for more than 5 seconds
My girl is letting me drive her very pretty convertible BMW around LA while she's at work! I feel like Persian Barbie.
What, did Pioli not follow your draft board or something?
Current status: hand inside the black box, gom jabbar at the neck. In other words, on a Sev1 call caused by a 3rd party component failure.
just confirmed a Ladyscissors show at Mickey's for Aug. 19! plus a bunch of shows for my fall tour... I'll post when I have a chance
Now on my way to Minneapolis to visit our friends Anna & Mick. Ready to watch the superbowl in Vikings territory.
So what did you think?
i got you ...will hook you up with vic!!!!hit y in 5 mins
Dont be narrow minded, be open minded and see the big picture in life!
Great performance by MUSE at the Grammy's tonight. They have my mad respect.
did they even tell everyone what the execs liked and didn't like? Or did I miss it?
adivce: is it worth jail breaking my #iphone then or not?
Unicorns don't have wings, so do Pegasi not have a horn?
Yay!! I'm ready on time(:
El Tequila near 51st & Harvard.
wants some curry shrimp and brown rice *drool*
you're clueless, aren't you?
Why do creepy people always sing stuff to us on the bus??
If you suspect that I'm drinking to avoid thinking about the family friend who was beaten to death this week, you're right.
I'm happy to go back with you!
Auditions today included: spoiled diva living on a lunar base, erotically-programmed android, and fighter pilot. What's my type again??
I hate waking up with a headache. It might be back to bed for me.
The only thing worse than listening to some chick talk about her relationship is listening to some gay dude talking about it. Shut up, dude
I just about choked. Oh wait, that is just asking for it. Ya ya ya.
lol I wouldn't want to mess with you.
That's the only movie I've seen in a theater in, like, 2 years. Last one before that was Hot Tub Time Machine.
'Abdu'l-Bahá has returned to the Plaza Hotel for the night.
Pissed....no sleep
A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies
And of course stay on the Marlin tip. God I want to have all of their children. Go
I think I found Cs5 for Mac and Final Cut Pro s torrents
Taylor swift? , artist of the year? , really? , where kanye when you need him...
I've wondered the same thing in the past.Someone would and people care. It just doesn't show sometimes....
In #SouthDetroit, #Leyland leaves #Smiley in & he pitches out of the jam
Just got told that ours was way better than the juniors
Par for the course RT ": And the Browns first season ending injury occurs in mid-May. Sheesh. "
“: lmao did we!!! My fault I was too on!!”Yeaa you were how could you miss me ! Lol
I dont hav haters ne more. Its only coincidental that theres a shortage of duct tape and rope in chicago
Wow. said, when Downton Abbey came out they were able to highlight events at their WWI museum in Kansas City.
Music is an art form that is now timeless. It is as much the art the day it was written as the day you listen to it!
Hungry as...Mac n Cheese with Hot Dogs is the only logical answer.
Lol RT : "I can't wait for my favorite rapper to come out with a new CD." - Fucking no one! EVER!
is my new crack cocaine. #Bravo #FashionStar <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
wait was it really you??
that better not be my chair!
Going to be hearing a lot of you tomorrow. Going to be at both ends of the DH.
Keep up the GREAT WORK KATHY! :)
Finally finished my freakin research paper! I now have the biggest headache! Off to bed goodnight<3
Driven: 2013 Ford Flex Limited EcoBoost AWD - Winding Road Magazine
Crawling under my blankets now to keep warm!
I will walk you through it later.
Good Morning Fashiontonians! We are so excited about our new team. We aim to represent all ages so check out the site at 10 AM for newness!
Oh yeah..lol he's gay now jack. RT Obama endorsed the Homos right to Marry....Fox News finna be classic tonight
Its such a beautiful day I think imma go streaking...
Thanks! RT : Love on south High St. These guys rock so come visit - sit on patio overlooking
#wmnldrs. Rita Cheng shares that women are an under utilzed resource. Not after today!
LOVE IT! : YES!! It's SO sunny and warm here. Had so much fun last night dancing too.
Alternately, email "info @ makrs.com"(no spaces) from the email you registered with and we'll activate your account straight away!
Watching The Proposal....funny flick!
Well done as always, Noah.
Not in mind, no. We changed a little bit on the album; people change. But you can tell it's us, it's got OIC all over it <3
Call of Duty !
Just FYI, folks, I am totally fine! Sometimes, I just really need a little bit of quiet. Appreciate that y'all check, though. <3
counts in my eyes! In all seriousness though, would love to get some advice from you soon. DM me your em address por favor :)
THE RAID COLON MOVIE FILM FOR THEATERS
Lately I've been seeing lights & decorations on houses for every holiday, including Arbor Day and Yom Kippur.
You lie to me? Ohh never.
Money Saving Tip #50: Start a garden.
repeating numerous times - "he went where the eyeballs were" talking about orabrush.
So begins the storms
The mission I'ma bust to print this crap out -.-
not everything in this magical world is quite what it seems
Finally took some advice and ditched the generic "Dr. No" dots for SOMETHING else. A messy post-it note!
Hoping I can sleep okay tonight. Wishing I had brought some melatonin just in case.
Maybe you are just like every other guy out there...
prob not. We're having another on wed for aia. Come then!
i miss you too ! We NEED to hang out this summer girly ! (:
hey bumpa baby!!!! What it do for you today!?
! Happy National Pretzel Day!
oh thats good :)
in a pool of their own blood
The dumb ass decisions she makes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
omg dude i got scared for a sec i waz lik wtf ? -.- she betrayed us i thought they were humans
Welcome to NYAGP! Learn Green, Teach Green and Earn Green!!!
I thought we were friends? Aha. I was mistaken
what? never seen mean girls?! what gays do YOU hangout with?!?
i will never understand why people think that you are attractive
Loud smoking something andprotesters ordered out of intersection back into plaza
And "punk" got dragged along in some senses. It was a label to place the genre into SciFi context.
Excellent! Have a blessed day. ^staff
Glad to hear it. Good luck!
any news on Kevin Smith?
RT : In SBD, ESPN opens office in Bangalore, India for its emerging technology group - unit's 1st int'l location.
Some days after work you just need a good scream in your car. Good thing I didn't ride the bus today.
There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. – Aldous Huxley
you are great.
I'd kindly ask if I could have half?
Hi Stacie, I had coffee Sue Rodman yesterday and she suggested I introduce myself. Hello!
Idk know what else to say.
Cant breathe or taste anything. Grrr
Share the Gospel as if lives depend on it.....
I love my son to death I think he look like me more but a lot of ppl say that he look like my nephew
Someone tell Kobe to fix his face lmao
i miss u too hun... Life sux i ain got nothing to do down here for real
I saw it over @ Gordon Fieldhouse at top of stairs by box office
RT : Guys, I'm really concerned about Jason Street - he had to be carted off the field.
i am in a happy place lol
Ride on
Lamest day ever
Im Bout to put this shit down bro SXSW .
Which states exactly?
i would like to play an hour of instrumentals every week on
- I think it's about time that you to come to Maine for a show.
2012 is on.. eek!
Whomever invented the new twist plastic pieces on Fisher Price toy packaging is a genius. It's easy to get toys out now. #engineering genius
you'd kill there...
RT: OWN YOUR VOICE - join and for a FREE live online interactive coaching session. Tweet me 2 find out how?
Easy...burger king RT : draft day is soon and I'm mock draft out! Lets do Meatsauce mocks of best fast food fries
That may be the funniest saying I have ever heard. I just almost choked...lol
I did. Thank you. I'll send the rider in response and prep them for syndication.
i'm mad at everyone right now
thanks you too!
Finally Oregon City shows!!!
Maybe you should write something for #heweblink about your breakfast experience.
Green Mill is so hott right now!
Off to bed! G'night. Talk to you tomorrow. Maybe :) We're terrible at communicating via phone. This is why God invented bars.
I'm going to tune up my chair! We can end in the gym and have an office chair treadmill race too haha
I'm sorry to hear that. Given how well-prepared you are, your interests just must be a very bad fit.
The original is longer. Moves slower, less polished. More character development, and unfolding of the complex plot.
y'know just doing our part to stop the rolling blackouts
they are on some bullshit
A chatting thing!
kirstys on now!
I'm so lost. I don't know how to deal with these feelings....
That's why three of us in the office don't like going to the dentist.
I wonder if Drew knows when he sleeps he takes up my whole bed and I have the edge? I wonder if my dog is sorry for that?
I just don't know :-) .... Ehh I'm sure I'll figure it out.
I'm doing that right now
u r a Moron #Melo has always been on "bad" playoff teams and faced top seeded teams
lmao good job
hit her?
hey! (: remember me? i said i go to Lakota schools..(:
why the hell would you ever go tgere
thts right grl live ya life
When I saw you I smiled, then I fell for ya. <3
she told me I have 2 minutes to use the bathroom. Listen lady I have to shit and I dont take miracle speed shots so wait.
Getting canned isn't always bad. Celebrate #cannedcraftbeerday at Mellow w/one of our 16 crafts in cans.
why should I?
thank you so much for listening. We'll have more songs in no time :)
umm AC would stand for alternating current. DC is NOT proof of Jesus Christ however. CE is now used for current era.
If I cared do you think I would be laughing
Love u Ray
No lie, no lie, no lieieieie
"Rendez-vous In France" Press luncheon at The Beverly Wilshire Hotel today!
keep on Eric!!!
I'm a very blessed BASTARD!! ..:)!!
I can see u as cat woman. I'll create my own. How about Smileadon?
First Bye Week coming up! Make sure you make those Roster changes you Part Timer Fantasy Folks!
who won last night?
Two glasses of beer in fire
thank! We are going to have a tweet screen above the guest book :)
Hey chris is having his red &white spring game at 2 if you get out by then and wanna go let me know
Thank you Tom Beyer. Like you back!
Hyper tufa planter making is just pretend high brow sandcastle fun!
workin' at the Beinecke! I start June 1. So incredibly excited!!!
Yea we did! With 40+ hours to go! RT Yay, hit their Kickstarter goal!
Tomorrow night Starlight's Supper Club & Lounge - Open Mic
I'm headed down. Going to pickles for a little bit and then I'll come find ya at some point
Thanks for the RT!
Bumping"pet sounds" in its entirety today
I shoulda stayed downtown longer and took more pics....umma b @ O'hare for like 4 hrs smh
I am chilly! Murphy's law= heater goes out on first really cold day. Ugh!
I can't wait to interview all of the exciting celebs on your red carpet! A fabulous event for a great cause!
just the way you are is playing.
hahaha that's what I thought. Who's out here in southern Missouri poaching the nerds of the Forrest.
U look so pretty :]
No money, No comprende.!
Firehook Bakery has been awarded Modern Baking Magazine's annual leadership award for dedication to quality.
Fact: I use #afewgoodmen lines to teach witnesses how to testify effectively. It works.
I'm so happy interest rates have stayed low this year. Hopefully I'll meet a lot of new clients this summer!
Will be twitting updates from the 2011 #ActionOnFilm International Film Festival all this week. Follow my tweets for updates. Fun Fun Fun...
If ima make it happen, then that's what ima do
cause you make to self believe you have a Dick sometimes. Knowing it ain't one down there
Rae sent to office at daycare for jumping on cot and screaming "no". Future looks bright
thanks matt! glad it fit! :>)
Totally impressed with the well-spoken (and way handsome) on today. why am I just discovering him?
I will research and if those dreams involve homemade jam I wide like to dream with you.
Pat Libby from USD is presenting #nonprofit #SANDAN ^ds
rad! I'm excited that there is a new panel structure for #ALA - ill email ideas & stuff.
Okay ... I'm done. Lol sorry bout that tweeters . Can't let someone disrespect me or assassinated my character.
I know.. :( I really need to make it a point to see you guys more.
yesh!!!! i am going to literally die when they cancel the show!!
JournalSentinel dropped off a TON of free newspapers! Stop by Johnston 117 and pick one up or we'll have to find a huge bird cage to line...
12 yo DD has been after me 2 read Hunger Games. LOVE McCall Smith, though I think Precious Ramotswe outshines Isabel.
PCBS were heeerrreee....with no art work!! We rock.
Preparing for our residency all roadhouse-style tonight with a local legend, we call him, simply, Mr. Sieger.
This has been one fun, crazy, non-stop, enlightening, did I mention crazy, week
good night, i think
Finished one big editing job last night. Starting on a new one today.
Hop on board. We will have a great time.
Now you know where to go for a [real] birthday. RT
AT PIZZA SHUTTLE.BEEN A MIN
Title of yesterday's presentation in class: So Your Kid Wants a Dog: Why You Should Come to Your Public Library.
#peopleiwanttomeet: the whole team, , , , , there are more who seem to have escaped me
dmac asked me why im not doing chorus....
and monkey gland sauce?
is the silhouette facing left or right?
What's the best or worst advice your Mom has given you? Call 799-1099
60% Win, 40% Mac and three iPads in session. I know, iPads are outside the norm.
Finally watching Atlas Shrugged on !
Whoa, I just found a ticket from the first concert I ever went to..
Love.love .
All day I will be Experimenting & Creating New Designs!!! I Cant Wait to show the WORLD <3 <3
Films will be announced and tickets on sale December 23rd at noon!
hope you are referring to Syracuse
No one can survive in this world without help. —Jorah Mormont
Sweet, there is a Chase 2 blocks from my house! Thx for the advice. How are thing in WA? Doing some jet setting as of late?
I woke up less okay with that episode this morning.
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Accept that circumstances beyond your control may make it impossible to do something on your list today.
“: I swear all the weird kids go to my school” You can't prove that.
hey you! You're sitting right next to me...PARRTTYYYYYY!!!!!
Barrett's running AGAIN? Sigh... i would think that would be emotionally exhausting
Well thanks! I think you're pretty cool too! XO
The very same, and she's very lovely, terrifying but lovely :-)
Heavenly Hawaiian won both third place ribbons in the Cream of the Crop cupping competition Sat. Chef's Choice and People's Choice.
The couple next really needs to jump off a bridge.. How annoying...
Hopefully Junior year will be >>>>
IM STARVING
excluding you!
I am of course talking about the #MCC Five Star Gala. I think it actually starts sometime between 6 and 7.
Highlight of the day, that is following me on Twitter. Low point, to learn he also follows meatloafrecipes & catladysavestheday
GoodtimeswithKTLA? #Boulder police: Woman killed Muffin the cat by blowing heroin smoke in its face bit.ly/nIwJFG
do i have a story for you tomorrow....
I really needed that puppy video today.
Maybe if I didn't care so much about you I wouldn't be in this mess..
A day without sunshine is like night.
I just got together with my friend Marty Davich, who scored all of ER. Such a talented writer!
We've been off the map due to working too much. Glad to be back and will be giving big shouts out later this evening.
Happy Mothers Day!!!
Every time I walk out of the financial aid office, I'm either depressed or confused. #Columbia #tuition #VARIABLES!
...& we declare our love for all things Kelly. RT I would like to take this moment to declare my love for all things
#Webslam finale coming up!
Me! RT : Show of hands. Who HASN'T bought at least one #megamillions ticket for tonight's drawing?
Iowa Caucuses. Enjoying some #CNN as the results come in...
Yup. Currently back by the pinball machine.
Tonight, from 6-8, in the West Town district has FREE wine tastings
Instead of wishing you were someone else, be proud of who you are. You never know who was looking at you wishing they were you !!
The web is talking. We are listening.
A professor is like an awful comedian. The crowdwork is terrible, people fall asleep, and all the materials been done before.
Happy Birthday I Hope you have a Amazing day! Love you! ((: Enjoy your special day <33
I miss you!):
Happy National Puppy Day! Send a picture of your pup to & you just might see it featured on our blog! ;-)
this is way more important then that!!!!
Just watched the 7 minute clip of the new NBC show 'Awake'...and as the great lyricist once said...that $%!T cray!
looking forward to meeting you for your visit to UCF later this month. Let's compare notes on research
I CANNOT watch scary movies by myself. I swear I always seem to look behind me more than I look at the t.v. Somebody has to be with me !
Faith: not wanting to know what is true.
Great quote in from Tim O'Shaughnessy "If you're not nervous about 1 or 2 decisions every day, you probably aren't trying hard enough"
swotr release date is Dec 22nd. I pre-ordered of course. I'll bug you when it gets closer to release. Play with you ;)~
Hola! Where you hanging during SX? Would love to say hi! :)
sorry, no recording. It was in front of a small group which is great because it was fairly casual
I meant luck* but look is good too lol
just got back in. excuse me while i severely rape this chipotle.
umm amen, I agree!
When you need to wake up, your bed feels like a fucking cloud.
Now her pussy got the new car smell... Yeah creating a hype ass play list.
Want to stop fiscal corruption? .
i remember when we kissed, i still feel it on my lips
LOL . Wat you mean. But call me on oovooo.
why are you going to bed so early !? it's only 9:16!
People say im weird for doing my own eyebrows... You pay 100 dollars, and I pay 50 cents.. And it yet still looks better than yours.
So had a gin attack...add him to the list of "Over 30 Yr Old Taylor Gang Gin Attacks"
Lord jesus theres a fire
Congrats! Celebration!
If I had a 1$ for every time I was told I look like Kevin Mchale It would call for a new pc. Who or what is your if I had 1$ statement?
Check out kickball.com/orbridgetown for our upcoming Spring season!!
I guess
yeah been checkin some of them out thx
This is actually more comfortable now . . . #whyamigeekingoutaboutmycarrel?
A warm welcome to our new followers. We hope to sing for you soon!
- my close friends are going together and we are all friends:)) Thanks for telling me!
does dad agree? ;)
Thanks, Kelly! If you read it starting from day 1, you'll soon get your bearings RE #dialect for #Actors RT LOVE. your website!
The real actress?
yep. Have been for a few weeks.
ah-ma-zing
"i'm having issues with my land in so. cal. (read mexico)...he was the student who asked the somewhat famous question at the cnn debate..."
Chances that Izturis is this year's Kotsay, in that he far exceeds expectations but is still admonished: 37% and rising.
Thanks for the retweet!! :-)
I want something sweet to eat!
"I feel like it must suck to be everyone else..." - Doll Lawrence
haha i can't deal with horror movies either!
For my new blog, need a banner img of a shark doing something contemplative/intellectual. Who wants to try? MSG me w/ questions/submissions.
Just waiting for you to screw things up.
good to hear. Hope youre back to normal soon. I JUST learned about thundershirts & thought the person was messing with me.
Very excited about this year. Lots of big things for myself, my girl, and my friends.
everyone please follow my bestfriend she follows back and is really cool and funny thanks she'll be happy for once finally
hey! I just followed you..and this is crazy. But here's my number so call me maybe?!?! Hahaha
It is always fun to stand in the checkout line longer than it took to do the shopping.
#FF Company. Neat things happening. via
Final four number 15.
Should have added #really to that last tweet... Proofreading is underrated.
Those are shockingly similar to 's masturbatory fantasies, is all I'm saying.
Weekend plans: Motorhead and Megadeath, followed by Radiohead. Separate gigs, duh. Must see Lemmy b4 he dies and check out Yorke's ponytail.
#DailyRebellion: Support women-made media by attending tonite's screening of the doc film #MissRepresentation! 6 p.m., Music Box Theatre
rock, paper or scissors?
RT A divided church is inevitably an inwardly focused church.
I've had like 4 iPods and 4 iPhones. I see why my mom is hesitant to get me an iPhone 4. *shrugs* I will get it!
Fact: Tulsa has the smallest undergraduate enrollment of all schools that participate in NCAA Bowl Sub-Division football.
Always remember, no matter how many problems you may have. There is always someone who has more.
I'm not sure about the weather today.. but I'm feelin' like wearing a tank top w/ jeans
Anything is possible RT Is it possible that we got so wasted last night we bought a lifetime supply of pudding& forgot about it?
I do all that too! Ha ha :-) no shame what so ever lol
one week and 5 days until a short burst of freedom. still not soon enough in my opinon
We must call and ask for rates... pretty amazing place.
Thanks for the follow! We love, love, love election data!
Take advantage of money saving coupons for allergy and asthma medications! The Online Allergist makes it so simple. Just click...
wins the #SanDiego #Imperial Chapter Project of the Year Award for the Charles David Keeling Apartments! Way to go
"You can cage the singer but not the song."~Harry Belafonte b. 2day 1927
All I do is work
What are you working on? And you know right?
can the uniform be a bikini instead ??!
Sorry Mate Torres
Martin Luther King challenged the American conscience like few others
Ha ha ha ha!!!! :-D West, Maybe you missed your calling. Stand up comedy is an option.
I feel like getting in trouble today...
1985 was so long ago.
Hi! I'd like to join the chat this Wednesday. Wondering if the chat is only for green businesses or can a blogger join in?
The end of the world talk is coming. The mayans wrote the calendar over 500 years ago. They just did not need anymore calendars.
Mini Maven showed it to me!
I hate when I see people #litter !!
and I really want you to dish with so I can know my crazy ridiculous theories are right!!
his last name is ford, so he will attempt and then break down half way. Or catch fire for a recalled part
Good luck to everyone starting summer classes this week.
I've come to realize that if a Facebook profile picture has two people in it,.. It always belongs to the uglier one.
I'm new here hahaha
I just wanna party!!
thanks rob for rt
Can't wait to hear all of #Bikefest tales - I expect multiple texts over the course of your trip.
Aw you're gonna leave me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Don't be sad and depressed! Be happy because you are awesome!
did that in november. incredible stuff. today will be uncomfortable. ask for a valium or something, maybe get some OTC sleep aid
great card last night Oscar. Most energy at a big fight since you were kicking ass!! Haha. Nice work bud
Looking for love? Get a show on VH1
Its that time of year TV fans & time my favorite #TCA coverage by
ikr!!! im scared tht if we do it nothing will happen :((
When i have my headphones on and im listening to music for some reason everyone thinks i can hear them....
In the discussion of e-Reader versus hardcopy, I take the side of preferring not to read Steve Jobs' biography altogether
Gonna shower and get ready to go eat Johnny Rockets with whatshisface ^.^
Why can't it be 4???? I'm so fucking tired! I need a nap
With the intro of VA Mortgages after WW2, the Levitt Bros.were able to sell as many houses as they could build for $8000 each.~D
Today is FIERCE FRIDAY at Smashin Lashes Couture Eye Studio come see Jay for the best lashes & eyebrow arches ( fierce Fri $10 arch)
Amanda Marie I'm going to start checking you “: I need to start wearing chones.”
RT : By holding on to your fears, your only weighing yourself down
Today's special relationship word is POSITIVE
We can debate this all night. I know who isn't MVP though: Steve Blake LOL night
Can I get Jammie Dodgers in KC, or do I have to go to Brits in Lawrence?
Watch the trailer for my new film "Deadline" at www.dawnharvey.com
Did you know that Justin Bieber's first name is actually Cornelius? Yep. Cornelius Bieber. Can't dance your way out of that one, Connie.
I'm 17! Haha most of my friends have one/are looking for one :P
JustUsPunks! Steampunk Jewelry is currently being featured in the September Issue of Curve Magazine! Follow
Dear McD's: thank u for this mocha frappe thingy, the choco syrup is especially decadent
Manning hasn't shown can play/bring to table for me Give Tim a chance like every qaurterback Don't sign Manning cuzof Manning
Why do guys wear shoelaces as belts? I really hope you realize how stupid you look.
Best news I've heard all day. Thanks!
S.T.U.D.Y = Singing, Tweeting, Unlimited Texting, Dreaming, Yawning.
I feel like I'm tweeting in an airwalk filled with 9 year olds
Off work headed to class
this game just needs to end
Justin my hearts a stereo it beats for you so listen close oh oh oh oh oh sing along with my stereo :-) <3 u
Get that nigga Barnes off the court -__-
Can't stop searching....
Hey : Can you please auto-lock any account that tweets "Hi someone is saying horrible things about you..." Far too many hacked accts
don't hate the future clipper. And you gotta love Jim Gray as emcee
The Interactive For Rent sign that's not just a sign...it's a complete rental system for busy landlords.
"Wisdom comes with age - so does foolishness." Mongo Tari-bubu
"A pessimist makes difficulties of his opportunities and an optimist makes opportunities of his difficulties." -- Harry Truman #MONDAY =)
I almost crashed three times looking at all this azz on twitter, loving it
My little cousin is running around singing, "No shoes, no shirt, and I still get service!" Lmfao. Wow..
Be an part of my list! Go to my account and be a part of it!
So I prolly go out tonight but I dont do da punk scene so who want to hang
cant say i didnt try....7 days left to complete your Red Bull Muisc Academy application. Tuesday will be my last available day to receive ap
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 84k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x1
I saw the movie, Obsessed
We are not what we know but what we are willing to learn. -Mary Catherine Bateson
My goal is to go to
Bin listening to music all morning....*starts singing n dancing*
I am totally secure with my above average size penis....
HOSTESS filing for bankruptcy during obesity epidemic. Something is amiss.
Have you checked out Food for Good Thought? Specialize in gluten free foods, I believe. Bakery in Clintonville, off of High Street
Let Me Massage Yo' Spine.
Great advice - especially the eating your veggies part!
If you tweet about I follow you. No questions asked.
go tu sleep den
Already Married Tweedett
Show yr azn face sometime amigo! We see yr parents more than u haha Its almost yr bday! You're old! :D
Not enough cats. Or swim suits.
Library instruction requests are starting to pile up in earnest. So far: LIT100, SIS140, and COMM 100, 346, 380, & 704. More to come soon!
Welcome this is a Farmhouse,
I done seen some shit tonite .....omg....words cant explain
sent a DM
cooler than ice! lol
it's never going to be how it used to be, isn't it?
i wish i never loved you.
Feels like we're stepping backwards, huh? Doesn't compute.
#hastac2011 Berkeley Folk Music Festival Archive: the digital archive blurs the lines between archives, analysis, publishing, & schol comm.
Bout to watch breaking dawn :)
Welcome to 2011! New year, new opportunities. Make it a great one!
Thanks. I was having trouble picturing the location based on the descriptions and on-the-scene snapshots.
Productive morning, Mom's taxes done, half my desk cleaned, bills paid, eating Boogie Fries and enjoying good tunes via MOG.
Whats up from the Beautiful Ladies of STAMPED-N-DIVAS !!! LEGGO!!
tip of the day courtesy of Gorilla Kevin: FAKE IT TILL YOU MAKE IT!! If you don't believe in your band, who will??
Beta's NitroCream machine was featured in a recent blog post. Read it, then come taste one of our frozen treats!...
i got them moves like jagger...no, really i don't. that song is just stuck in my head tho. thanks PA system at the school!!
thanks! We appreciate the kind words :)
#bringbacklife "hate is a prison, anger is the warden &rage, rage is the guard that takes a piece of you everyday" - best written show on tv
Ma niggga, I'm faded...and I dont give a fucckkk.
Mane oowwee these females crazy bruh like so serious right now...
My pitch from the #2 evening HARO bounced back 3x. Do you have another email address that I can send to?
Everyone favoriting the "Will Work For Porn" link... I see you. I know your game!
Make money, make money, make monaay monaaay. (;
man you know they wouldnt accept us in KY
.. do you expect another "Fan uprising" after the repave of Pocono
Shane threw it away!
Lucky you!
When the trailer is released, we're going to need our fan's help in re-tweeting it!
I'm not nearly as great as you ladies! Maybe I'll do it though ;)
hahaha.(; I just love talking to you.
Taking off bandaids
Karl Rove is on the #Romney bandwagon. He is not objective.
you are so cute :)
why can't i read my DM's or see my mentions:-( And I lost another friend today, SMDH!
what are you doing in Dallas!?
Gold And Silver Daily Review Precious metals prices
Having the never ending fear that I will one day poke a hole in my bellybutton
Im pretty stoked to see you :D. going to be the chillest friday in awhile :D
lookin good Dylan <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
THINKIN BOUT BEIN CELIBATE FOR AWHILE......
How can you be a D1 basketball player and shoot less than 50% from the foul line?
17-yard touchdown run for the Buffaloes...and they now lead 20-10
.. and thank you #TeamLukeRadio for all your support .. #MuchLove to you ALL over there!!
Who fits this description? A beautiful woman who lacks discretion is like a gold ring in a pig's snout. Proverbs 11:22
stepped off the plane, could see my breath. Glad to be back home!
Straight people have been fucking up marriage for centuries. Maybe it's time we stepped aside.
Congrats to Nashy on surpassing KJ as the assists leader in #Suns history.
Happy Friday! Getting ready to paint gorgeous faces today~
Love Saturdays! Heading out for a run!
Young hearts, Run free. <U+270C>
Today would have been my Dads 66th birthday. I miss you Pop. Wish you were here to guide me through this journey called life...
awe I'm so In love with you too I love you no matter what <U+2764>
I can't wait until the there are so many great women attending and I'm moderating the opening night panel! Should be great!
#CollaborativeLaw - Allows clients to maintain control over their busy schedules.
I have the same problem/addiction, though my case isn't as full-fledged as yours--working on it though ;)
#hustlin. my money is always on you.
have i mentioned before how drummers are in fact the bane of my existance?
well ther having a concert tmrw but ther sold out but i rllly wanna go see them :(
I see nothing wrong with having a square of dark chocolate and a chai latte at 8:30 in the morning.
Had a wonderful, blessed year. The Lord blessed me with my daughter, she came here healthy, despite all of the complications I had. <U+2665>
4 days in to 2012, #resolutions made, #Iowa happened last night, but most importantly, did you sign up with #DNation yet?
aww lol I thought you were being serious. I was already imagining us meeting up for tea and searching for HP stars all day!
we are all digital now!
C'mon Buttholes. You better not lose
": Does it seem like Corey Hart has forgotten how to play baseball? Dude is down to like two tools.".... He is a tool...
okay i honestly want to wake up with a follow from you, BEST FEELING IN THE WORLD IT WOULD BE:)x
Rich people play the money game to win. Poor people play the money game to not lose. ~ T. Harv Eker
The best way out is always through. Robert Frost
Definitely! Sorry to hear that. R the games backed up in ur Apple account? I dont have games on mine so Im not sure how it works
Was jw, we can always use suggestions and it was hard to come up with a hashtag for this one.
We have those.
Just watched Doug Petrie's episode of Pushing Daisies and loved the "Pastry Slayer" line. Does know what he's working on now?
mayweather walked out with bieber? HA GAY
Nothing more awkward than the obligatory "Terry Bradshaw narrates the trophy ceremony" clip.
'im from Dallas,Texas.. and your from Brazil right??
On cup of coffee #2. Not enough coffee in the world right now. Crazy tired but so grateful. :)
Pumped to see Daniel Tosh tonight!!
Congrats to and ! I fly you both often. Look forward to the benefits of the partnership. See u on JB today.
RT : Hear hear! RT : ATTN Houstonians - we have neither snow nor earthquakes. More proof we rock. That is all.
what do you think of the logo? :-)
what is that?
Greatness! RT : My arms smell like whats going on here?
There's just something about you that I love and can't get over even tho u broke my heart</3
#followfriday & the girls behind the Quarter Life Crisis blog. If you're not reading it, you should be! (via Kelly_Mitton)
Author of Washington Monthly article "A Time Against Race" - Justin Vogt on WBOK, 1230 AM
Everybody talking about the solar storm .I feel like writing #anthropology article "Cultural anxiety over solar storm in Western hemisphere"
My professor brought doughnuts. It's like I'm back in 3rd grade. What a sweet angel.
What have I been screaming??? Um..let's see... CHOICE DEFINES WHO YOU ARE!!! Bad choices Penn State guys..YOU MADE THOSE CHOICES!!!!!!
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!! #NYGiants fans gotta retweet my next twitter picture!
#money! RT Floyd Money Mayweather wins a unanimous decision in a fight that tested him like never b4 117-111, 117-111, 118-110.
I hate when people call me ma'am. I know it's intended as a sign of respect but I'm 22 years old. Call me miss.
I love it though <U+2764><U+2764>
We are so glad to hear that Saskatoon!
Nice to virtually meet you. You are welcome to come by anytime and chat.
gayshouse Thanks for following...
GLEE IS ADDICTING. OMG.
gm, hey thanks, thats one of my many fav's too..I have many! have a blesses day..
- Analyze and report issues using standard defect tracking tools
and with that...the last of the grades are in, final goodbyes recorded...and now: Iron Man with The Girl. Mahalo.
Miko how are you?
I'm so badass that i have two different color socks on right now.
the karaoke scene in Lost in Translation. That is all
We're all gonna die someday. Best cancer fighting advice might be to go out and smoke some marijuana.
Wendy's Frosty party with and the crew
Stay away from The Shining, too.
Have a happy holiday tomorrow and safe travels!
RT if you had the best 8 minutes of your life <U+2665>
Bloomfest was a blast. L.A.'s Arts District is buzzing, I feel a pulse in the heart of the city which was left for dead long ago.
Ugg I need some Starbucks today
USA beats Canada in ice hockey,,,what a great game!!!
I'm down for that! Great idea
could be a fire alarm issue. Did you notify one of our staff members on site?
HAPPY BDAY TO YOU! HAPPY BDAY TO YOU! HAPPY BIRTHDAY, DEAR MARIA, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!!! Looking forward to celebrating.
Blah. 4 am wake up time has left me exhausted and feeling sick. I need food and a nap
I never hit I got domed twice
ha! Something like that!
Realization: I haven't spent enough time drunk-listening to Warren Zevon's "The French Inhaler"
That Lil Nappy Ass Hair ' Bugger Nose Little Girl
would rocket ever play private parties?
I'm terrible at it, always having to rewind to get back to the the end of the commercial break.
THATCamp Virginia folks: a logistics email is now on its way to your inbox with schedule and parking info and other useful tidbits
I want to take Laiylah to Disney World.. Maybe that's what I'll do for her birthday this year <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I think so, & Suze's can be "the more tan version of Wes Moss".
COMMITMENT; Female: A desire to get married and raise a family.
Don’t blame someone too much, like you never made a mistake *Apologize<U+2639>
good!I need to tweet more!gotmy1st smart phone,yay!
May you tell me..or do I have to give you a hint
Poised Creation has gone through some growing pains!
Chambolle, Morey & Gevrey on sale! Tomorrow only, 12-5 in Carlton. Stop by, taste and buy :)
WUZUP WIT A FOLLOW!
Working my one weekend of the month. If you gotta come get scripts. Come get them today.
#whoeverimarry has 2 feed me!FOSHO! oh and go skate with me no matter how old we r!
People don't realize how much you do for them until you stop.
You can blame Jason Collins and Greg Steisma for the hawks celts being relegated to nba tv
messaged us that he'd heard of us through and digs our sound. he then politely asked for a retweet of his work
I'm gonna always love that song !! But I need to get off pandora and get dressed tho..
Yeah i liked it better whe it was "Monster of the week" and then 2 total episodes of storyline.
Eww. This girl ordered a vanilla shake when her mom asked her what she wanted to drink. Fatties.
thanks! i'll see if i can find a website for them and check them out this afternoon.
Every story has a beginning, middle, and an end. I'm stuck on chapter one.
I guess its apart of life ...
Exactly. Agreed
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. ~Winston Churchill
Thanks for the words. Appreciate it
no I don't have it. Email me when u have a chance.
Just got screamed at in the drive-thru line at Starbucks... good morning to you too, sir!
"Freeriding ... enables a positive way of life and a healthy community. I am hoping that this is conveyed in the piece..."
Not to mention ;) “: HA! and I JUST TALKED about overnight successes while we were recording :)”
It's Vince Carone at 8PM tonight and The Up and Under has Tarrington taking the stage at 9PM.
Have a heart and please follow PS Please don't follow me. I wouldn't know what to do with you.
Employment and Insurance may represent foundational elements in a Health2.0 strategy relative to consumerism and community
1 mo thang I'm revoking all you fake azz'z , twitter dee twitter dumb ,life just ain't the same for pranksters !
ewww mia , nobody from meredith . lord please , no
shoutout to follow her :))
is fighting the giants of telecommunication! Oy!
Wish you were joining us!
I've never been jealous of a dog before.. .__.
Build a playground in your head.
At the #BlackSwan with and the rest of the world for my mom's surprise party...she was surprised! ;)
Sorry people are still talking trash to you. I'm #BBN all the way through, but I wish you nothing but the best of luck!
#fuck my toaster just scared the shit out of me >.<
Thanx for support! We'll have Pens game on too w/ some good brews including Avery/Russian River "Collaboration not Litigation".
Alright.. Up by 5. Keep it going LA..
yes! Also "ta ta for now."
getting set for a little open mic night at the redondo beach pier tonight
Damn you Derek rose! Bulls win over my spurs :( next time!
My top 2 books as a kid: Where the Wild Things Are and There's A Nightmare In My Closet
whats the matter?
Whew! ...whhaaat a set. Some great acid-trance here n' there, but shit, rocked it at
What a good choice for learning vocabulary! :)
"So how did your date with Alex go?" "Not good. He was driving a 6 series. But he was sporting a 1 series."
Lots of bark, not much bite.
Thanks, That Means A Lot. :D
Bo to no time
Bitch, now suck my dick
thanks for the follow. Great tweets!!
Ugh. Red sox just balked in a run.
yes please! What time are you free?
#Bucks win!
Girl, I have to say I love the cut of your jib! You are hardcore with a set of steel balls!
bro, where you trying to transfer to?
Who else smells a Game 7 in this series? But I'm out <U+270C>
Heading to tonight for my gig with Big D #Livemusic #nocover 7:00pm
Karaoke time beeyotch! ;D
I see rockin the cornrows now. Actually looks pretty good.
o child.
Exactly one week away from our first regular season game!!
It may feel like my world is falling apart but I know this is just bump in the road. I can get through this and I know I'm not alone :)
Comedy just pokes at problems, rarely confronts them squarely
Just discovered we share birth dates, not just birthdays. But we do share a birthday with Clint.
A Student in school that rises above BULLYING goes above and beyond to Not be a By-Stander!
It does have a certain ring to it-think how awesome #txla13 will be when you are totally prepared for brain-melting awesomeness!
"Reasonable"? Check the GREAT Dean Dass show at Second Street Gallery.
Big Sean is going to be the principle of a detroit high school for a day... I just wtf'd and smh'd
RT“: Everyone keeps asking me where Peyton's going. Today I say San Fransisco but that could change 15 minutes from now.”
Get your masks ready for the biggest Mystique Masquerade Ball on Saturday Oct 15TH at SocietyClub Portland.
#WrongSongsToPlayInPrison ANYTHING BLOOD ON THE DANCE FLOOR!! :D xDD
I'm bringing it to you to open duh!!
His fastball has no movement, good hitters sit on it after wading through his dirtball slider.
You can't stop LA, you can only hope to contain them! This playoff run is absolutely amazing, can they be beat?!
I Jus saw a man in a dress & he 9months prego!!!
Remen: When we’re based on fear, human energy becomes stagnant. We circle the wagons. Obama reminds us we are better. We are larger.
Amazing! RT : If I ever got in a fistfight and John Williams was there to score it, I would win.
These Gummy Bears Are Fire ... GOTTA LOVE THE GUMMIES
Check out our new website layout...saaweet! (download free tracks while your there too!)
Pens should trade Crosby, Malkin, and Staal for a 32oz bottle of Red Devil cayenne pepper sauce.
“: #ItSeemsLike I'm more of an option than a priority. You either choose me or lose me.” :') <3
Things are humming along smoothly now, congrats on the launch! /cc
Thanks to for the JK Brewing Oatmeal Stout last night. Tasty despite warnings of "plastic-y" overtones.
Due to the anticipated ice storm, tonight's Design Conversation has been rescheduled to next Tue, Feb 8 at 6:00 at the Windup Space.
goign to host a french exchange student:)
Oh, yay! Congrats!
Fix some tacos, and have plenty of #MARGARITA'S!! Have a grea day! :)
#ThingsIwoulddotoAnnismom Set up her tent when we go camping so she doesn't get eaten by mosquitos.
Thanks! So glad you liked it.
I can't even handle this!!!!
About to workout
10 Twitter Tips: no one likes <3
What! Did you mean SC2? I drop two hours on it at least twice a week. Love it!
for sure man, the weekend before and after April 22nd!!!
i thought it was decided that companies are people ;)
/cont And once verified LISTENing, then troubleshoot the connection from ws connector to the port
damn dats a little too saggy
Do you walk in the annual Komen race for the cure in atlanta. then, walk your fingers over the keyboard and email
is your phone alive yet?
ok ok I'll give you a hint! We are going to make a 50' steel tanker look like a clear water bottle.
so much for coming to see me this afternoon. Thanks man
Leaving for #ala2009 at 5AM tomorrow morning. Wasn't I supposed to have already gotten my badge? Ack!
pretty little liars! <33
OK, so yeah, I totally expected all this ice to melt.
Happy fall y'all.
Tonight we're kicking off a year of volunteering, programs & fundraising for the Bet Tzedek New Leadership Council (BTNLC).
For some people, Friday is just a day before the weekend
Thank you for prayers dear friend, thankful back held up well long drive. Really looking forward to spending day w/ dad.
Got to meet the Author of The Creature from Jekyll Island" and I got it signed!! Awesome experience,
Beautiful photo, beautiful family. Congratulations!!
They all need to be public sheets and if they are using Apps for Edu accounts, things get hairy
Hey, check yer emails :)
In Search Of Sunrise 7 one of my favorite albums!!!!
ridiculous that they took the Anaheim off the Angels name!!!! That's where they play!
Time for some birthday/Cinco de Mayo shenanigans with !
Reed festival opens with a salute to veterans - Marshalltown Times Republican
I'm just to afraid of failure.
The Mavs are a superior team but they play like underdogs; they're surprised to have the lead
Excited to welcome my cousin's son and my "godson" Cameron into the world today! Can't wait to meet him.
RIP Mike Wallace of 60 Minutes at 93.
No, LOL, my son is!!
So, SO excited for my first Points East experience. Expectations are sky high.
Colorado is the place to be for #summer2012 . Just sayin':)
I think I saw it's $3.75 from the airport and has a convention center stop.
And please keep posting to the facebook pages of the military bases near you. It's really working! Text 101861 to PEPSI (73774)
Damn theres some freaks on twitter!
Can we understand peer-to-peer lending as a quest for social justice?
You mad?
Not kidding: I kissed the ground when I landed at CRW. .: either fly jets between CRW & IAD or just don't bother.
How do you do it????? Teach me on here lol
Sorry you were unable to get tickets in a price point you wanted. Give our secondary market Flash Seats a try!
What an awful day. Our cat, Ollie, was hit by a car and broke his pelvis. He's at the vet, and now we've got to decide what to do.
Would I like a pamphlet? Brochure I would!!
Huge thank you to the Dr Hackett team for their continued care of our athletes!
#nonsense yes, Satan
Just 1 more issue they'll have to fight about I suppose. #AGvHT should make for an interesting ConCon this weekend.
To say 4 blocks = victory is ridiculous (The Jet). To say UK will win b/c they are better team is horrible analysis (Chuck Barkley)
im following now =D
Minnesota is not known for anime conventions.
Sunshine makes me happy, but in Poland at this time of year, is far from that!
I'm not jealous, I just do not want to share
RT : thanks for following.. will come check ya'll out when i'm in miami
cheaa i got those
And more John! Dr. John Watson -- doctor, blogger, vet, and Sherlock's live-in PA/doormat. #SherlockPBS ^LG
"Caution. Handle w/care. I'm hot." -McDonald's coffee cups really do speak to me
So many people here from console combat.
c; and when she's on top of me she's kinky ;)
Changed my internet plan with Now it disconnects me every two minutes. Wow! Do I still have to pay for this?..
society to combat it. We can solve! It not this monster that cant b...
no, im sounding like a normal person.
yep... extremely.. Im jumping for joy over here... lol
CEO, started off with co-founder by buying from Bloomingdales & testing idea in 3 trunk shows. Test & iterate!
95 hours, give or take, until toes the starting line at #ragnarcape. Can't decide if I'm more excited or terrified.
Still mad man....smh.
If you push me away, I'm not fucking coming back.
Hahaha, i love your family(:
Happy Birthday to my bro, right hand,MY BESTFRIEND..... Been here since day one, had our ups and downs but at the end of the day he's LOYAL
no outs in the 1st
Usually when people are sad, they don't do anything. They just cry over their condition. But when they get angry, they bring about a change
>Quote: A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. Max Lucado
: IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT meets YOU'VE GOT MAIL.
yaayy! I'm glad you like it! :)
#RAW btwn Punk and Jericho #bestintheworld has to be Punk. He is WAY BETTER on the mic than jericho. And that's the truth.
I Love, That You Love, What I Love !(:
lol you really don't know my life! If I were to tell you some stuff you'd laugh!
I'm gonna have to learn a lot today at work. Idk if my brain can handle it.
Please please please send good vibes/prayers my way. My best friend is in the hospital again :(
In SF Bay Area for 2 weeks. Looking for FT position-Products, IT, Healthcare. Enjoying the CA weather!
What a heart breaker!
Hottest PDX home values? LUXURY! ...looking for your dream home? It's come within reach...www.jenniferbolenpdx.com
You know, just living the dream !
The wise adapt themselves to circumstances as water molds itself to the pitcher. ~Chinese proverb
be sure to remind my wife of that when I show up with it :)
WHY YOU AINT BEEN HELPING ME UPDATE THIS PAGE WITH THE
it's hard not to think of her when covering the issue.
no no, I was just laying there.. You didnt even miss me enough to check :(
It was truly delightful to talk to you, Charlie; I'm so glad you were there! Keep that Cubs' game in mind. :-)
A lot of things brewing over here at BC headquarters...oh, wait. That's my electric kettle. Tea time! Maghreb Mint. Yumm!
Hello KITTY & CHEETA PRINT WHAT REALITY STAR ALWAYS FIND HIS OR HER WAY WEARING THOSE TWO TOGETHER?
I like it when you text me back right away <3
I want to personally thank, Mike Carlin of Country Gold Network for playing my song, No Beer Here! Check it out www.countrygoldnetwork.com
woo!! Big congrats to you, way to go!
I dont know what I'd do if they lost lol
Chips & Salsa with Apples & PeanutButter ?? #WeirdLunch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008E>
Eric Bledsoe is on fire
lol love it! Never tried that just Xanax.
: I agree, what happened?
my mom just made me sing it wasnt so bad i guess.
Got the day off from work to go to snow days at the Jake!
Help our management company Sage Hospitality, turn Denver's Union Station into a living landmark, choose the hotel...
Day #8: Aurelia Williams hit a high A at 10 am, so I'm trying to figure out how to sabotage her. Not really. But...
#supermoon in full effect despite clouds. I'm , Spil, Real Jaguar @ Maduro & Neon Indian
RT : “: Red Line: Expect delays to Glenmont due to a disabled train at Van Ness.” Farragut is a nightmare! // Heads up.
Good Morning & Happy May 1st!
#dinosaurprom is awesome!!!!
Love the rain.
I do <33 thats slot per month!
Timothy Bradley is a no-win fight for Pacman. Dangerous, hungry, skilled opponent with zero name recognition.
Disavowal! The author of that piece is "in the humanities" the way Naperville is "in Chicago." Still totes racist, though.
disappointing loss :/
Did you know? Rose champagne pairs with almost everything!
I'm so shocked. Yeah,right. RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Supreme Court Blocks Judges’ Redistricting Plan in Texas Case; Likely to Help GOP
My dream! I can geaux tiger it up as hard as I want.
I am supposed to be in bed, but as you see I am not. Still workin
Who knew Jackson was offering such a great Zumba class? Thank goodness for the gym- I able to clear out some of the cob webs.
Thanks! I don't think my iPhone did it justice. :)
beyond! the best! so proud!
i follow you if you follow <3
I Wish I Had A Dollar For Every DARE & Bob Marley Shirt I Saw Today
#thatawkwardmoment where a guy complains about being single but he could have had you.
RT #guacamole was delicious last night.
this event wouldn't be complete w/o a pic of you with a hat, cowboy boots, and a lasso ;)
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Madison Kerr for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 16U Team
Tom-thx for adding me to your list! Working on a China healthcare reform & impact on Western Rx report now.
Toddler, inhaling chilli on the stove, "My nose is spicy."
Thank you for listening, now lets get the lead with the top of the order next inning!!!
No, but no one else sends me autoshow snapshots of Pam Anderson.
#columbus has got to be the best place to salsa dance in the Midwest! I mean ...look at these great dancers! La Fogata is packed tonight!
Ok I hope my home town is paying attention! If Newt Gingrich, is in New Bern I hope someone is paying attention#WAKEUP!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for the RT. Looking forward to the arrival of my copy.
Thank you subway trains by allowing me to gage my level of creepiness by how long the seat next to me stays vacant
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
Spiders work at nights and weekends more. New Content needs to be up during nights and weekends. says
"reunited and it feels so good"
Highlands lightning alarm sounds more like an invasion alarm.
"Penetrate deep, destroy from within."
I'm not holding my breath for the day when newspapers ask copy editors to report.
So freaking jealous Shawty hate sharing me as a friend but I wouldn't trade our friendship for ANYTHING in this world!
more than 20 hours on the way from Moscow to TX...while the rest of the world enjoyed the w/end. :)
Hey guys, have a killer show!
"Why should you never iron a 4-leaf clover? Youdon't want to press your luck." Keep rockin'! Happy St. Patrick's Day! ;)
I don't paint things. I only paint the difference between things. ~Henri Matisse Good Night!
Its takes more energy to be angry and hold a grudge. Than it is to just be cordial and cautious. I'm going to abide by this forever.
I yelled captain eo and and I left the bar hm might be called alot this weekend
Yeah, how did this happen??
what's your fav thing about San Fran?
i like donating it makes me feel good inside o nd also helping others :D be kind, be curageous :D help others in need o nd stop bullying :D
You should apply!
hell yeah bruh it's a 40 pt lead
There's the Crosby sucks cheer...
Good evening!
I agree she is gorgeous and always looks fab! Very happy to have an "official" princess among #TeamTallGirls ;)
Slaves are humans. That´s a fact. So if you talk about slaves your´re talking about humans. Talk correctly.
If you made it sound as fun & exciting as he did when he described it, I bet you could persuade a few unsavory people to play
UNLV....and i thought they were talkin about that old group...
Sometimes turning the volume off works wonders ;)
Hey Keke Palmer Follow us !!!!!
Tennessee is sounding better everyday :) thinking about
no!. Haha I'm gonna go to my fraternitys formal and stay for a couple days. And then I'll be in Chicago like the next week.
#ireallywant to find my soulmate. Someone who understands me and be patient with me.
Does this mean I have my first investor?!
Might I recommend the "Turkey Tom." RT : Today might be a Jimmy Johns day...
In some ways. I really liked Swoon. This one doesn't have quite the power it did. Lyrically Neck of the Woods is far better though
“All great changes are preceded by chaos.” ~ Deepak Chopra
: I'm going to create a Google Wave to showcase the process of uploading my tunes into Google Music, then share it on Buzz
Watching 'Branded to Kill' for the first time. This movie is kinda insane...and, I kinda love it...
are you still performing march 23rd ?
Dear Boy who sits across me in class, come talk to me. I want you. :)
Just use lots of tape homegirl
OH MY WORD! So fluffy! what a CUTIE! :)
trying to aggressively add followers as part of #SWMadison a 3-day startup event. acct got suspended. can exceptions be made?
Runing running running
No, Facebook, I really have no wish to be "friends" with my estranged grandmother. I've walked away from that nest of nasty drama weasels.
headquarters in Miramar FL, getting ready for a full day professional Devo.
please follow me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Also very kind RT: Friends for
<3 your website and had a fab idea! Just emailed you. <3 from the Bay!
": She's a little scared to get close to anyone because everyone that said "I'll always be here for you" ..left." this is me!!
plese reply bella, u mean so much it would mean the world to me dont forget to check your messages thank you LUV YOU :)
I can understand people drunk writing on Facebook at night, but before 12 pm? Damn you get the party started early writing that crazy shit
Happy St. Patrick's Day! #LuckyLeprechaun FREE $5 mall gift card on our facebook page!
We specializes in Marketing Solutions. Crafting your Corporate Identity with Websites, Logos, Flyers, Brochures, Business Cards and much muc
Matt Flynn...and I assume your kidding about T. Jackson?
Juss got My Hair Finally Done ... Driving through this side of town brings back so many memories
Good lord...
Oh GOD just tweeted my homegirl! RT : *giggle* *blush* Nuthin' RT : What up girl?
So freaking sick! I can't even breathe!
Best of luck to you although I would have liked to see you as a Wildcat.
I've made peace with my fear of bees. Sweet.
twitter is way better than facebook
#ManLaw... If a juice you drink changes the color of your TONGUE....STOP drinking it. Colored tongues is just for women.
It came at a fine time. It just would have been better off as full time PC game. Console players couldn't adapt to it.
I'm so happy about the way the acrylic coating turned out. I don't want to use toxic varnishes on my paintings.
I love and miss you so much! <3
Now that The Stranger is gone, Rocky is content to cuddle and whine about The Noisy Sky instead of hiss at the air.
Happy travels to everyone heading back to VA from the AAM conference (including some VAM staff!)
CAN-SPAM Tip 4: match the subject line with the content. Don't bait & switch with a come-on subject then deliver something different
Just tuning into NYY/TB, feels so good! No spoilers #questfor28 etc
we have a show this Friday at the Western Front - wanna be our guest of honor?
no prob n wish i had ya number
Hallleluuuuu! RT : I think Joshua Ledet just caught the holy ghost. Waiting for him to speak in tongues.
what's the hardest part of life on the road?
It's beneficial to them to hire you. It shows they support stimulating the job market!
Shawn michaels the icon!!!!!!
Beginning revisions on my Goldilocks retelling today. Good news: the draft doesn't suck as much as I'd thought! #am writing
Now it's time to sit back and watch karma do it's work.
Word man.. we can get up or you can just email me... RT Cool. Got some new heat for you too RT : May 26
What Are Parents? I Have Only One
thank you for following me :'D <3
Holy update! Instapaper 4 from is beautiful - thank you. I'm madly in love with an iOS app and it feels good.
Fox orders &#39;The Voice&#39;-like show
Yup, sure did. I'll see what I can do. <3
Excellent discussion at CASC 2012 mtg from Dave Lambert of Internet2 about how to encourage innovation on our campuses
now this is the Justin I know. Full of voices and faces and expressions.
still don't know how that happened, but fortunate she is alive ... we have a man on the ground in New Pekin
reverse jinx kid
#Kudos on the video explaining #Pinterest!
Thanks to new followers !,,, ,,,,
Can I get a follow back?
Walker's numbers look stable between and Wonder if they'll stay that way after making up job numbers?
ikr? Cross ur fingers and hope he has a bond
Pete, not specifically about Valverde, but we have reached out to Mr. Turner in the past.
TEXAS INDEPENDENCE DAY PARADE 2010- today 9:30am on Congress Ave. Bridge, hope to see you there!
We'll have live coverage, just stay tuned to our Twitter with #NMDD on 5/19 & check out our FB page!
I'm looking for Christian/Church innovators. Looking for the people who are on the on the fringes of conventional methods. Who are they?
Should I expect something back...?
is my doppelganger.
Slept for a solid 12 hours last night. It was a, well, busy week. And it's not slowing down 'til Christmas! Good thing I love my job.
makes sense
Thanks! The Evil's Gate. Horror short film. :)
Beautiful day in the #ABQ. What's on your schedule this weekend?
The knicks stink,rudy gay got to go ham
Twice bt now i really mean it if i say it now kuz a nigga out of school for the semester
I wish I remembered to get a pickle at work. They smelled so good </3
If you were still at , what would you be doing tonight?
Thanks for the follow! Troy has really enjoyed working with your son!! Please let me know if we can do anything for you!
turkey bacon eww!!
ya water so deep it feel like I cant get out!
Finally turned my senior writing project in!
ohmy god. i wish i lived near minnisota now ): how much are you selling them for?
or wearing a speedo in 55 degree weather.
paid 95 dollars for this weave, plus tax. POW
MTV. Hosted by Rob Dyrdek. Funny stuff. Had a whole section with pogo sticks last night. And an attack llama.
Not seeing much activity from #MHCCIM, they all must be cooped up shooting product! Lol!
Have fun ladies!!!
I need to go to the gym and tan.
Wolfram can also tell you who to love and what to wear.
you are truly living the dream. And by far one of the best at what you do.
lol sounds interesting :p
Off to AC for debauchary with the ladies
thanks, Caroline.
where's my coffee at I live down the road lol
No sir, inserting a usb in your laptop doesn't enable you to print. You must use a public computer to print.
And that, dear friends, is why I don't watch football.
Too early for beer?
only the cool cats, like me..
Mail order brides... Good or bad idea?? The jury is still out.
loved your polyamory video! Been exploring that idea recently and your video is great.
Kaliya speaks on ins and outs of our socially constructed identities--online and off. She's Canadian--papers please!
10,000 is the number commonly given. But I thought the link was pretty interesting.
my whole timeline. Sorry Joshua.
WHY IS THAT PERSONS NAME TOYOTA
Hope everyone has safe travels (if you're traveling) and a great Thanksgiving!
Watching Albert Brooks on Letterman. Gotta read the new book.
Good 4 u...I am so in agreement with LOvin my Gray...lolo
thank u <3 =) yea just keep telling them! maybe they will listen =P
From : 5 rookie position players _ Ackley, Carp, Wells, Robinson, Seager _ hitting .294. Welcome to Seattle, fellas.
Are you missing the good old days? That's nostalgia!
A Voice teacher should be creative person who design a plan to bring your voice to the best possible sound.
ARE YOU HYPOTHYROID OR DO YOU REALLY HAVE HASHIMOTO’S DISEASE? By Dr. Marianne Beck
great and had a fun time at disney world from friday to Friday
Great bike ride at Cedar Creek Park with this morning. Now off to an afternoon at the spa!
we are doing good!! Mom and Dad are on vacation and our Uncle Joe is watching us for the week. How are things going for you?
Thanks for the recommendation Caitlin. Glad to hear you enjoyed the Cottage!
Nobody wanna see us together but it don't matter noo.
RT : Just heard about all the #Mets hitters using Beastie Boys songs for their walk-up music tonight. Very cool gesture.
headphones in!!!!"
What have we learned: communication and transparency is paramount!
lies I am sending you one now :)
L.L Cool J...you are kind of growing on me tonight. You and that crush velvet jacket of yours...
God take my hands and use them for your glory, use me tonight and humble me! HE>i
There's something spectacular about Tron: Legacy Soundtrack while playing World of Warcraft.
Mike Curtis will be attending Duke's Homecoming this weekend, GO DUKE!
Baby you should let me love you, Let me be the one to, give you everything you want and need <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
OK folks, Jim Nabors isn't going to live 4ever. Eventually, we're going to need a replacement. I guess u could go w his video in perpetuity.
#LennyDykstra called... He said he coulda scored from prison on that one.
3 overtime #NHL playoff games today. GREAT day. RT : Oh playoff hockey, you're the best. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
Night is upon us!! Time to get relaxed and watch the fun!!
when I yell out random stuff like that !*)
I'm pretty sure I've made lasagna at 11pm already... I'm in California, you?
chillin with my sister brittney who wanna chill with her hit her up if u wanna chill with her
So far this day is going great! I've got my adrenaline pumping. :-)
on my way now. Wish you were coming!
FLOOR SEATS!
Tower of Terror shit ride...
RT and friends recommend Yapta.com to save money on plane tickets. (Thanks for tip - we like lots!)
Life is a song. Love is the music
Well its been real miami...headed back to the ville for the summer tho
texting , love this girl <3 c:
In key west there r chickens everywhere, many crossing the roads 4 no apparent reason, go figure
Not often, but every time I do have to fax something it costs me $10!!!
been much in touch..i've been dealing with alot...your gigs and the album trackswe have heard were both AMAZING, WONDERFUL.
#Revenge what a great show <U+2665>
thank you as alwats and you are such a strong, awesome, hardworking lady for crochet and juat in general. I mean that!
FALLOW TAYLOR LAUTNER SO HE CAN REACH 160k!!!! YOU CAN MAKE THIS HAPPEN PEOPLE!! <U+E317>
Man we had a rough day today on day one but we improvised and got a hell of a shot. Lookin through them now and I'm #KnoDat we gone do it
Fun! How did it go with the heels?
Chad thinks he's a ghost. Oh dear.
i wanna try and be a part of it :)
Fuck !!!! Bible some people should not own pets !!!
goin for the sweep tmrw, good win brewers!
I miss you guys :(
Back in Belltown... the anxiety has subsided.
Interesting: The data removed by the #ODbL #openstreetmap license change = about 3 weeks of normal OSM edits (via ).
When somebody says "10 years ago" I think about the 90's instead of 2002.
"Culture eats strategy for breakfast everyday" - Rick Luce
why is Steve Carrells head the same size as everybody else on the Yahoo movies website? HA!
i love how 5 minute later you post something 50+ people retweet them or favorite them XD
I wish it wasnt so dang slow too. thinking about moving it.
how do I get one?? Or better yet, a signed version!
People can make jokes about fans walking onto the court/field but its not a laughing matter. You never know someone's intentions.
Buca di Beppo leftovers taste better from my microwave than they did in the restaurant. That's just wrong...
What's on your "must attend" list for today at #sxsw?
we hope u find our details 2 be accurate! Something wrong? Flag the HH right there on the app and we'll look into it 4 u!
Great wins by my teams yesterday! Also got some work in this morning, overall a good day so far!
are you playing?
Stock market: CNBC's Fast Money analysts proclaimed agriculture stocks have come too far, too fast and a pullback is likely in POT and MOS.
Only 2 days left until Nat'l Adm. Assistants Day! Show your appreciation with a gift certificate from Culinary Connectors.
I hate directed study.
Thank You :)
As to Time's integrity, it would be better to ask those who still work there if that's been long lost.
: This Saturday 1145 Seymour Swan and company New York's top comics rock nyc 9172747467 or 2126965233. Hosted by latice"
Still laughing at how fun this chicken commercial was I just auditioned for with friend Asa Holley! Hope we book together!!
wtf is that, and can we include it in the pub crawl? //cc:
The person you think has the least amount of influence for your #startup will always bring the biggest lead. Don't discount anybody.
Please please please can I have #Gotye930 tix?
No shy Ronnie on last night's SNL. Very disappointed. Eli was great, though.
Anyone in the Rochester area have any experience with Expert Care lawn/landscape services?
Stay positive. (:
Now THAT is a man with a plan. RT“: Brewers, Easter, and cheese”
Here she go again. I can't deal.
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Service;
Hm my tl seems to be incredibly lacking in #drunk tweets. Can someone go wake up please????
tell me about it but Sunday was the best part of my weekend
Gutsy call on 3-0 green light for Wieters. I like it!
Just had a no-wiper, the 'swish' of poops. This is going to be a great evening.
Please dont stop loving me the Way You do.
6-9 months is what they recommend but I guess it just depends on how it heals.:P Hopefully sooner rather than later lol
They adjusted some of the newer content, fixed a few JA recast times and added a few new items. Good patch overall.
But what the hell do I know?
Honestly, though, I can't fart unless I'm lying on my stomach. I am sans large intestine. So it wasn't really me! ;)
Oh my! I'm called back with 8, 9, & 10 year olds.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
BTW, not dissatisfied with SquareUp; just planning to explore slightly less in fees
I'm suspended
Atlanta Airport. Can't help but think of: zombies, heat, race and class, obesity, smoking, and airplanes.
She got hit in the head with a shot put ball and has a gash and is being rushed to the E.R. please pray<|3
Drawing for Free Solar backpack will be held May 18th @ the Green Detroit Festival..Be there....www.greendetroitfest.com
only that we were awful to the Spanish people! We have few redeeming qualities as Americans. :-/
You can be a freak &&' still be a virgin ! Living proof :)
We are all born ignorant, but some people work real hard to remain stupid.
When you are high as shit and i can barely get what your saying , don't I.M me on fb , Lol
Tonight was amazing, major props!! Especially Dispensary Girl and Two Wheels .. I hate that I didn't get to meet you tho!
#TruthIs I balled today when I got home from track.
Kyla Pratt ... I do not like yu that much but i like how yu act..
awww, thanks. kinda all over the place but tonight should be better
solar flares? Everything's blamed on those.
Way to go Broncos!
RT Can't decide wether I want a blackberry or an iPhone...hhhmmm?? This one is a toughy Android
I don't go around here thinking I'm better than everybody else! So what's your problem?
Can i get your love
If there really is a war on women, that make-up sex is gonna be Awesome!
yup! Details are up the site! Same week we were in Miami last year!
Turns out the Wagners did the baptisms for me.
If he is healthy enough. They're limited at the PG position now, Bibby and Douglas is all you have now.
want to combine class/some flamenco/some jazz/ some world mus. rhythms= learn tech while improving musicianship: flexibility and creativity
christianmingle dot com is the place to go to find them holy freaks. You dont even have to say get on your knees to them...better get on it!
many think lol - lots of love
you failed again.
Thanks for sharing the article! it was a tremendous boost during an ongoing and difficult part of life.
follow back? :D
Thank you for the retweet! Julene
young #palestinian teens forced forced to leave school to work in the settlements fields.
Make some wheat toast, then add chunks of tuna, shredded cheese then microwave and add some pickles. Enjoy with an iced tea and lemon slice.
Looks like we both did the Pac Life building in Santa Ana! Thx 4 following. 2012- let's find some new work!
What would happen if every guy only went after the girls with names in the song freak a leak?
Hear hear!
Cant ever go wrong with some Jack Johnson!!
Ahh. I really like Garrison after showing an offensive side to his game this year. Like Kulikov all around. too.
Didn't study for this a&p test!
Thanks so much for following :)
At GA aquarium enjoying a plate of fish
THERE'S A HUGE MOTHERFUCKING BUG IN MY ROOM WTF
My old levi jeans fit again! <U+E106><U+E105> lmao
At working looking at the time these people omg ghetto come on 4:30
I heard that minorities make up 50% of the #USA that's good it's time for change #Obama 2012 #four more years
Had a crisp & lovely morning full of library gossip, playtime, and a sunny walk in the park with a puppy.
SAVE THE DATE: #YearofBoulevard Community Cleanup Sat May 19, 9a-12p. Meet up: Fort Street UMC parking lot 562 Boulevard NE 30308.
"Not now doesn't mean not ever." -Majora Carter.
wow, how pathetic
Good job, brain. API whiteboarded. Let's OmniGraffle it for full effect.
#WhitneyHouston Pandora.....throwback to old school car rides into NYC as a little kid....
I like that she did it her way and didn't try to do what Steven did.
Hey sassy! Thanks for following....
I tasted one of my hard boiled eggs and damn it was yummy. Packed the other four for work. Working a double tomorrow.
LS 1426 would like to take this out to say Happy Mother's Day. Thanks for your strength and knowledge that you have pass on to us.
it's 9 o'clock on a saturday... time for a
they are definitly making newsies my wifes relative is in it and wants to go
- thanks for the mention!
it's not an easy thing to bring up, but thank you for understanding!
Englewood, NJ education is in dire need of help.
Getting to the office in the 5am hour = good. My commute only taking 23minutes = epic. GTD this Wednesday morning.
Just arrived at #ISA2012. Time to build the booth.
recording some stuff on sunday!
Got in a good day's advocacy against #MTR today at the First Parish Church here in Cambridge. Many thanks to . for making it happen!
our assistant astutely pointed out that it's 'Old Songs' not 'Sad Songs' he insisted that I point out my blunder.
“: I know Austin's starting to feel like home because I miss it when I'm gone.” no! Come back to the D!!
i've been waiting all season for your episode on #punkd <3 <3
“: ": Because you are usually right! new avi" great avi” thanks!
what type of ? Lol die hard lakers fan over here
I love you RT : STOP DOING THE WAVE, ASSHOLES.
We just tapped Stillwater Cellar Door!!! Come get some!
thank you! :)
not too worried about it
we're really bad at twitter... But we're in Lexington Thursday with our friends! Come have a beer and kisses
oh yeah i'm single ..
Would you like to contribute some articles on social media?
That, and they also missed what happened later in Argentina and Iceland. Both defaulted, devalued, and returned quickly to growth.
Final draft for the book report is due tomorrow I FORGOT
Mom's Day is Sunday! Send her a dozen roses or 20 tulips from for $19.95.
Seriously people, you should be listening RT : Connie Chung is one serious good sport. Ep 11 of is out now!
Starting the day off at the candy company! Please stop me before I spend all my money.... :X
Hope you're having a great day La Salita Nation!!!
Today, July 31 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" hosted by Priscilla Leona | 1960's Pirate Radio DJ, Larry Steinman | GO: latalkradio.com | Ch. 1
Echoes a lot of my thoughts, too. Thank you!
“: Ready to for 7 on 7 Monday”
I guess being in a band obligates one to use twitter...still don't see the appeal, but here I am hahaha...
FUCK YOU OBAMA, U PROMISED TO BRING OUR TROOPS HOME AND DIDNT...YOU DONT KNOW WHAT ITS LIKE TO BE AWAY FROM YOUR CHILDREM FOR THIS LONG
I was that baby that cried all the time.
hahahaha ya so true
Changing Baltimore from "The Wire" to wireless-- yes!
Go Spurs Go!!!
magic it only a allushion
judy & johnny just walked through the door
Louisiana Circumstance College Tigers Football Gamers Ingested in ...
Last night was quite epic. How epic, you ask?....
At the pool wit my niece bri n my son skyi they a trip they sucker me everytime lol they re so cute cant say no
okay I did NOT give them permission to do that! -J
Talking to a friend who manages a business. He said he asks for Facebook passwords before hiring. I've read about this. Getting more common?
I love winter weather in the spring!!
to my Wall Street Newscast and visit www.stemcellregenmed.com www.wallstreetnewscast.com/profile/stemcellgenenano.html
Norfolk State
#nowplaying Peace Train, Cat Stevens
GetReady...BIG THINGS ARE COMING...
“: It's available after the show, be patient we're almost there! ”. Thank you
cause you can get free stuff :) lol and I recently became a site model and umm could use a jump start think you could help meh?
Calling all Chicago fitness enthusiasts! Rogers Park bootcamp sessions starting soon -- email for details! :0
I'm starving. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
so excited for movie night tomorrow <3
We are some lucky mofo's sometimes
Fund for OK family hit by tornado, this is tough. 15 mo old son died, one son is missing, pregnant mom and daughter are in surgery today.
Only 5 shopping days left!!! Hit "LIKE" if you're already DONE! Hit "Share" if you want to remind your friends to get you something!
Between This movie and the topic of these text messages <<< bad enough this movie has me feeling some type of way
hello Kent. Have a fine day.
man. Germond and Whitcover, a Balt Sun classic! good call
Dear girls,Wanna see someone pretty? Look in a magazine. Wanna see someone beautiful? Look in the mirror.
OpenEdition is proposing a model for free access to content in HTML with paid access to downloadable content in PDF or ePUB
HI Paul, thanks 4 following me. Let discuss oppritunites for us to collaborate ~ Tony
don't be mean to pokey !
Will do :)
Show me that smile again. (Show me that smile).
One casualty so far today is the illusion that everything is OK the way it is.
Rep. Paul Ryan enters GOP convention to the song "The Boys Are Back in Town."
Last Chance to come Grab George Clinton on Strain of the day!!! Super head Sativa with a sweet skunky flavor!!!
A bird pooped on me today. Jamie used his jacket to get it out of my hair. He thought it was funny. I did not.
hey good luck today bud!
Cathartic weeding of garden.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> bashir think he funny.
The Octopus of Antwerp and Other Cold War Maps: Critical Cartographies I
lmao not even the job yet :P
you are about 1 mile from me right now. Hehe
Hey-oh!
If you could please follow & DM us any additional details so we can look into this further for you. ^CH
This is the most phenomenal tweet I have ever seen.
Love, Love, LOVE your video. Creative. Super-cute. Great example of how to use social media for fundraising & advocacy!
"My teenage son may crash my car, but I'll still love him. Kinda like that w #Farm #Bill." - Mark Muller
I don't want no parts of what's goin on outside. Miss me.
No prob.... just get with me so I can get them from you before our next event on Memorial Day... Let's make it happen...
I LOVE YOU. THAT'S RIGHT, YOU!
i need chu right now are u down to listen to me 2 many drinks have been givin 2 me
tonight at 60 thompson hotel's thom bar is going to be sexy.
yes, I've been checking in all day. Not sharing on twitter.
happy to have you!
Nah, it's just there's been trouble crop up with our house buying/selling. I try to keep a high ground w/ my public complaining.
Uhh, heading to school today, i really dont wanna :/
Thank you, Dr. Adam Winsler, for joining us at our Board Meeting this morning. You provided all of us with some very valuable information!
You rock! Saw your premieres this eveining and you are wonderful!
yeah... I just learner all of there full names
January Friday the 13th 2012 cryptic ninja records return to the stage undefeated sports bar the only details so far toxic ty and krazy k
3rd strike on deck
yes it is. Documentary or fiction
Lol no worries. It's dope.
OH!! :P Feel better!!
Western Sydney cares about global warming. Rising sea levels bring the boats closer.
nice, I've been looking too because they refuse to issue me my librarian card until I get a pair
You're my boy Blue! : do you think KFC is still open? (watched it last night too) lol”
#PrimaySchoolMemories when nobody's mom, grandma, or great-grandpa had a Facebook.
tell Eddie I need a shoutout!
Valentine's Day in Chicago! Win dinner for 2 at BOKA, stay at the details...>> http:/fb.com/UrbanTurfChicago
love Joyce!
So sorry to hear it :(
I resisted the urge to buy the new iPad.
We've got our tickets for the #megamillions lotto. How about you?
I took care of it
Congrats to model & actress on making a good impression at #grownups2 casting
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy meet their expectations of you
Times r pretty hard, fucked a couple broads, pulled some purple out the jar
I wish he didn't trust me so much/I think you really trust me too much--BOBBY WOMACK
WOOHOO!!!! Also we need to convince my lightner to have another get together so we can actually go!
#followfriday In-house deal hunters part 2:
Thank you for following ! Look forward to sharing!
Life is variable. - Plautus
At the party for (live music & vintage burlesque videos ftw)
they spelled organisations with a S! Also, are you still stateside? I owe you a farewell beer.
Reading applications: If you cannot be bothered to use punctuation & spell check, I cannot be bothered to read your resume.
Thanks for the #FF love!
"Life's too short to even care at all..." Agree?
Omg not cool... I will flip a million times haha too many damn air heads
The Heat CEO's DJs taking over Yogies tonight
8 Padres in a row strike out and 7 of those SO were on balls OUT OF THE ZONE
you might be interested in our iPad typing trainer app to hone your typing skills before your meeting.
oh you cute non-Texan. A Kolache is actually a German pastry stuffed with meat & cheese that some Houstonians eat daily.
I've got to the point in life where it's no longer, "If it's too loud, you're too old." I'm at, "If it's too quiet, then you're too young."
you have beautiful eyes
Thinking about leaving Chicago for good!
follow me on twitter
I am too excited! I thought I wouldn't be able to see you for another week, and I get to see you in about one day! :)
yup yup yup!!!!
Not following or disagree? January Jones gets a lot of flack for her portrayal but im always defending it.
#show live Culver City ur host Magic Mike new title Keeping it positive luv #tmz n drama
THIS IS OUR 100TH TWEET!!! WHOO HOOO!!!! To celebrate, we're giving away signed copies of HARRY POTTER!
Rex Ryan, Santonio Holmes NYJ Cutler Suh and All things no green and gold
Who's on ASW?
I LOVE THIS TEAM, LOVE U GUYS <3
Can you follow me ? :)
and Watson. Omer is RFA; if we amnesty Boozer, that takes us down to about 63 million; only way to get cap room ...
Oh yeah! Me and tiana are going to fly our kites tomorrow !:D
Really, the boozed-up crowd at the event is pretty funny, for now.
Prep Soccer Playoffs: East Coweta blanks Colquitt - Newnan Times-Herald
& I like the way "Voice Over" is leveraged for accessibility in the app!
Eat it UP, beat it UP. (:
RT ": if gay marriage affects your straight marriage obviously your marriage is pretty shitty to begin with."
The Power of Protest Tactics: ‘Just Do It’
I see one sign in the lower crowd that's apparently fervently anti-divorce too.
That's wonderful, though, bringing it to an audience. I try to enjoy each part of the cycle and let it go at its own pace.
Great article in Cincinnati Magazine this month "Geology is Destiny". Intrigued? Want more info? Come on our May 12 bus tour!
Searching for people to follow on Twitter
Goals are not only absolutely necesary to motivate us. They are essential to really keep us alive. -Robert H. Schuller
Material possessions do not equate to class.
playing black ops and jammin to BVB...what a PERFECT way to end the night!
49 out of 50 states covered in #snow! Who wants to move to #Florida ?!
Appreciate it. I may be at different schools over the years, but Mobile and USA will ALWAYS be home.
If you had 1 book to suggest to read, what would it be? Go Ravens!
Helped a turtle cross the road today. So how does this karma shit work? Should I buy a lottery ticket, or just try to fold a fitted sheet?
Four days after my mother-in-law left and I'm still eating like a king!
Mike is proud to be endorsed by Linda Derschang, Seattle's "queen of clubs."
After watching bruce almighty I can't imagine gods voice being anyone else's but morgan freeman retweet if you agree
Kinesiology student at #oxy learn from animated and interactive models of brain and heart from iPad apps
Hey, sorry for the late response, but that is a GREAT idea! Thanks!
isn't it pretty? PS: I didn't know you were in ATX! We should meet up!
Gold pass status: no lines EVER #blowing$$$$
RT : Never do anything that you wouldn't want to explain to the paramedics. -hahah thanks for the advice! Does #bartab count?
LOL. I don't have the right body parts to make clothes look slutty -_-
#MyFavoriteTheWeekndSongs All of them.
Social Media Queen RT : Wearing my new shirt from to the Open House!
you better take it back. Don't hate on the hopeless cubs
WOO-HOO! Although, I've got 2 hours on you :)
Maybe we can work something out with & I can offer you our hospitality. Tu es bienvenue chez nous.
Compared to your eyes, nothing shines quite as bright. <3
Our once in a lifetime feature today is a lamb bolognese pasta with rigatoni and delicious garlic bread. $9 for this heavenly meal.
"L" game with the homies and Rudi!
Jessica's lines are busy! I've still voted for her 62 times already
The feeling you get when you wake up in the morning and his arm is still around you<3
Rule #381: If you dont' believe in yourself...find a few people who do. Stop trusting yourself for awhile.
New Pics, website, and videos coming soon! This is an exciting journey!
Time to move on asshole!
Kim Zolciak's "music" career was created by an evil earworm trickster demon in hell. I promise not 2 b tardy. Just get out of my head!
Take me home to the place I belong
Heyy Ivan just wanted to say Hi and hows life??<3
Is it time to start the petition to stop Joe Buck from hijacking the starting lineups for the All Star Game?
Your kung fu no good here.
break a leg :)
Bear down the drain.
nope you good
lmao I forgot the *with RT:: Lmao :) it's fun! RT I love gym (:
o.O? i dont understand lol
will do!
May we draw nearer to the cross and love Jesus even more.
You know you are working on a campaign when you are asking if there is any coffee left at 7pm.
Looking forward to this!
im sorry i tho yu was somebody n mi entertainin group :000000.......?.
Ok how is it that I shoot baseball in the rain all day and I have a sunburn....smh
sports makes people silly, yes. And happy. And angry. And a lot of things. Probably why so many people watch.
Mike is creeping extra hard.
When your knee hurts like a bitch..
I like Trident because it makes me feel groovy
My hoodie straight out of the dryer feels like heaven.
dam that what was fast
Thanks for the follow, Sarah!
Two years and twenty two days until I can move to california. Thats half of what keeps me going, the other half is my friends who care a lot
inclusion is something you do not something you proclaim
According to the Weather Channel it's 35 degrees cooler in Chicago than Austin. That's just crazy.
It's a debate?
Weather channel app where was my clairmont/upland tornado warning?! and I were not expecting this on our roadtrip to Vegas!
Pueblo Harvest Cafe is creating a new daily made-from-scratch #redchile! free samples w/ your meal to vote for your fav!...
A little #ff shout out to for breaking down and getting Twitter. Give me my dollar.
Our final Pinter Fortnightly before the Festival this summer. Old Times will be read and we will celebrate the 26th Pinter Night at ACT!
This actually turns out to make it easy to weed out investors you don't see eye to eye with.
What's going on, man?
What the fuck is up with teachers calling parents the week before prom? Dumb bitches.
I'm guessing this will be after one of our shows next weekend for Bass Jesus' 30th B-Day!
I would be tweeting more during this game but I'm busy biting my nails
It's a pirates life for me
Birthday dinner at #GranvilleCafe followed by #ThinkLikeAMan! Turning 40 is great so far!!
They only have budweiser here so I'm drinking water.
AAVG good thing still to come. Nice close today expecting more green tomorrow!!!
you don't wanna know
She said "Stick your balls in as well"
TNT messy. Why they going to split screen Harden and Artest?! Smh.
RJF and WCC where built on hard work and honest love of the product. No bullshit and keeping it real.
guess who's doing Kelsey and abbeys make up for prom!! :) hehe ME! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
No mention of porn or software downloads though? The two top purposes of usenet?
Im serious.
lol just kidding :p you'll probably marry some actor or wall street rich guy
So awfull. All day long. RT : how on earth do u handle jon fitchs pants and singing voice, my pooch would kill me!
are you auditioning for something ? well , good luck ! (:
I'm surprised that Kane won, but I still don't really care.
Education: that which reveals to the wise, and conceals from the stupid, the vast limits of their knowledge.
great job extending metro service by an hour to cover fan release at park! #thankyou #Natitude Go
spring sun shining | oak pollen in the air | — clean desk
Proposition 8 fails 2 advance any rational basis in singling out gay men & lesbians 4 denial of a marriage license - Judge Vaughn Walker
#SDSU commercial has not aired yet. During the football game Sat. night? Just a guess.
holy shit how did i not know this -______- hahahaha thank you !!
no, but I will probably start one after my internship at Stanford this fall.
thanks 4 following me !
: i totally agree about proportion, but i find that twitter trains my judgement so that i'm more discriminating overall.
I'm only seven rooms away!
For everything you have missed, you have gained something else and for everything you gain you lose something else
Deff a #monroe that'd look too #cute on you the old one hid those
If only everyone felt as jazzed about #plone as I do right now. Oh the possibilities!
RT : Come to "High Speed Networking" Wednesday, April 18 from 6:30 pm to 8:00 pm. Its time to turbo charge your......
Just checking in.
As much as you love Zuck, forget him. Your real love is Ryan Holmes, or maybe Jack Dorsey. What will hubby Paul think?
follow back sweetie!!
I would love to get to know you. I am an award winning author. Ck my website ellenbrazer.com to read about my book. lets talk
hi wife
Get over the hump at One Up Elevated Lounge. Join us for lunch, happy hour and beyond. Chef inspired menu items and endless ambiance.
Oh I am SO on top of this.
I want to text you but I feel like I'm annoying you, so I'm sorry if you want to talk, you should text me first if you do now.
speaking big monday. Bring back the midnight west coast game.
Shaking up my rut by having a #cupofinspiration with this morning. Even if it meant going to Bethesda...
I love you. You love me. Harry loves Lou. Lou loves Harry.
Life can be a big fat joke dats why i laugh alot...Lol
Thanks for following:
we are now following
& the wrong helmet?
LoL.....My Girl Say She Miss Big Poppa!!!
show him this: Hi jey!
Ron Artest is one of them niggas u want w/ u when some shxt pop off
Cool, we'll check out through Google Translate. Is that article about in a Japanese Press?
hi lady
The words "totally stressed out" won't begin to cover the economic horrors future generations will face if we don't get Natnl Debt in order
The original "Tea Party" was against corporate monopolies and policies favoring big business. Today's use is a misnomer.
whats sad, forbes article says buccos have one of highest debt to value ratios in the league.
!$#24Dayle+Peyton#31$!=love*<3 if u like this follow me and repley and ill follow you and ill send u a message
I do not put down your work. Everything about your article is great. I simply take issue with term "domestic." That is all.
Rules for work: Keep at arm's length. Give no safe quarter. Take no prisoners.
Jeez I miss you dad! I Love you so much!
Attempting to eat a banana....
but they want to still from the rich
Good time @ the Drew vs. Goodman league game! Durant and Wall,
Love is a state of mind which has nothing to do with the mind.
I can not stop listening to Say Anything. Oh how I love this band <3
Miss you buddy!
And by that I mean, get better quick!
4 good tweets
Time to get this day started
Many people go far in life because someone else thought they could. ~John Maxwell
Please don't give up
um can I get a sneak preview... I mean you both are my fam :-)... Just saying
I agree 100%...he did excellent & completely unique voice!! :-)
Can't stop. Must stop. Can't stop.
All girls are different women.
I'm just living MY f*ckn life freely! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
The left side of your infield is a joke. Yuk is DONZO! Get a real 3 bagger.
I am probably going to be even more quiet today. I am waiting for my head to either implode or explode. Happy Tuesday to all.
You are Welcome! Surprised that "Stayin' Alive" isn't on there...or "Brown Sugar"...they wear them out at the bar nearby
I wonder if anyone else around me now, on I-95, is heading South for WMC too..
I Have died every day waiting for you. Darling don't be afraid I have loved you for a thousand years.
Please don't tell me they have Easter stuff up in the stores already! RT : I would really like to dye Easter eggs right now.
Everybody Has Dreams. This Is Just A Page To Help With Ours. But Its Not All About Us. We Are Trying To Help Donate To Hospitals And Ect.
I have bad news for people hungry for veggie chilli tonight and good news for people worried about dressing up for our presentations
** heavy sigh ** followed by a look of disappointment/sadness....thanks Sonny
Are we not following you and you think we should be? Tell us why!
Fill in the blank. I love museums because ______________.
RT : Don't miss NPR's special coverage of the individual mandate argument starting at 8 pm.
The kind of person that would get their ass kicked by a squirrel.
Raises hand. “: Show of hands: Who's at a movie theater right now?”
Just found out that 20% of my final grade in one class depends on my final project peer review. So if the class didn't like me, I'm screwed.
b4 i know u i hate sport but because of u now i enjoy playing basketball with good friends thank u !
When you run from something it only stays with you longer. If you fight something it only makes you stronger.....---
What a day, what a day...
Liv of is my favorite. We met during WMC. Really cool girls
RT : what wil YOU be #DrinkinTonight at quitting time? Tweet us back and #StartDreaminNow, happy friday! ME: Whistlepig Rye
I woke up starving this AM! My hunger pangs were very motivating and I got dressed in record time! Stopped by #SUBWAY and all is well now :)
Yes, what a great idea!
what the?!
I really just give up on everybody and i'm gonna stop trying anymore...
I launched the first search campaign for the new Hugo Boss online store today. Very cool to be able to help market 1 of my favorite brands.
Ugh. I was supposed to go to the US Mexico game tonight but I get to stay home at eat soup!
#nw dead presidents
gf u probly know better than me...following best I can...my ? Where, conditions, why etc. AND HI! ;-)
Long path from the past summer on mgf, easier to compliment you here.
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him
is a beast. How you get slept on is beyond me. mad other artist respect your talents. Mad Props
Remember this? “: Today in 1986: Space shuttle #Challenger exploded, #Reagan gave this speech://t.co/M9fJj9PR”
But if its best available cars, then Dodge > Chevy easily!
The iPad with Verizon service has a hotspot to run your other devices off according to Fox News TV.
4) Since no one is ever around to help, don't drop a TV stand on your pinky toe. 5) Number 4 sucks.
safe travels. Congrats to your DrGirl. Ha.
Her weakness will shine yo but thats her I aint mad baby made me stronger now I get my paper longer
And it's clearly a charm. :)
Did mine change...
uhh... You might need to brush up on your anatomy. Just saying.
I think I may be healthier RT New study says swearing is good for you. I must be the healthiest guy in America.
. nope... pure correlation between the 2. Losing and a guy painting himself orange and thinking he is part of the team. Get out!
Eric Church- Springsteen
so like this coming week!?
i followed
At the VFW in City of Industry with performing for vets and people with walking distance of this bar.
i have to ask...whats the over/under on Big Ben and Haley getting into it w/ one another?
i was dying they better post it so u can see i was trolling going go bruins over and over again. Then they started talking
It's ok to be different. It makes you an individual.
Don't understand how this is more than propaganda. Completely rational for content industry to fear business models that threaten
I wish would reply to me and acknowledge my existence. because i love him so much ):
(code name: operation, sleep in) has begun.... good night
thx gorgeous! U too! Xo! ;)
Hi Vinny! I couldn't make it to the meet&greet but hopefully you had fun!! Follow back please! It would mean the world to me!
I think #Irene is an excellent excuse to devote this weekend to lounging on my couch and reading as much as possible.
"If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something." Franklin D. Roosevelt
we can do the same for you!
true, can't wait.
Looks like its getting positive reviews. Double Fine: The only people who can make children's games bearable.
reporting for duty, sir!
you bet. more tomorrow!
The progress of rivers to the ocean is not so rapid as that of man to error. ~ Voltaire
The number of people who will suffer climate-related disasters by 2015 will rise by 50% to an estimated 375 million people.
y u didnt come to new york!!
OccupyMN will march at 5pm to observe one month of occupation in MN.
A.I. to the Knicks? Please let this happen, the unintentional comedy factor will be off the charts
Maybe I will wear one ;) With a sombraro
#Lakers Making me fucking mad as hell
I sent u one like an hour ago??
I look into my crystal ball and I see many, many outings in the Lehigh Valley for future IronPig Schwimmer.
“: craving Tim's cascade jalepino! #seattlesbestchip” girl I just finished the bag! Bomb!!!
YES! The oy oy oy one or whatever where we do the weird arm circle things hahaha
Cleaning your bathroom drunk is inherntly sobering.
This weekend went by faster than a greyhound, which isn't very fast if we are talking bus, but I meant dog.
hm a el taquito gringa would be good for lunch. May have to figure out how to get some here to
Just watched Proof. Wow, that was really good.
Bad thoughts leads to bad decisions
God has an unconditional love for each and every person in this world, no matter what he still loves you!
Wide Awake. -__-
Quoted. I need to see this RT ": The Cabin in the Woods was FUCKING AWESOME!!! That's my review. Quote me on it."
Yahoo needs to show Treyvon Martin photos at 17 years-old not at 9-10 or 11 years old.
My Inspiration Is Gomez ;;)
well that won't suck at all! Have an amazing vacation & thanks for bringing us along, man.
Sunshine and bike ride to food cart rodeo. Fantastic day. Japanese style hot dog = a great idea. and bigfood - my favorites.
I am thinking about moving back there at some point, but things don't look good there economically, what reasons did Brokaw give?
We are having to get off the train. The hard braking has caused problems. Now waiting for another train to pick us up.
Hold on...I'm coming!
OS Justin bieber's new scent for men or women?
Bleh >.< do you know why?
Woot!! PRT : Congratulations to , one of the many talented people from You've won a ShuttleXpress!
The cookie cake is spiked!!
Take A Shot For Me
Happy #LeapDay Celebrating with a #Hawks game tonight :)
Sign me up! Haha
Bad football day (UT and FSU break my heart). Good weather day (actual rain from the skies for minutes at a time).
It's an amazing day when you come up with a plan to cry your way out of working, yet, another fucking weekend...
thanks for the follow!
Do u wear a hoodie? :P
some people piss me off....you arnt everything get over it
Tony stewart wins at martinsville. 3 races away from championship
- looking forward to discussing superpacs, corps and unions when I teach Citizens United and movetoamend to my corpgov class
eating lunch at New Big Wong in Chinatown.
This is a must SEE - from the 1:15-1:30 mark, there's a BOMB nugget!
Hi Anne, nice to meet you , that user has been reported and blocked by Twitter. Mark
what curling iron do you use?<3 your hair is super pretty!
yes. RT : why yes, i AM watching marvel movie after marvel movie to properly prep for the avengers. isn't everyone?
Quite the strike from Deuce!!
If u don't like Charlie sheen then u don't deserve the tigerblood!!!
Pandora is on an absolute roll tonight. Love it when this happens.
Working on Website Updates, Adding New Metropolitan Areas we'll be serving!!
Justin Beiber is on the cover of seventeen. How fitting.
ah, don't fret sir...more where that came from...summer is gonna be good.
do you know if Kennedy's is going to have any of those posters are their store? They are awesome!
are gonna be on iCarly and SNL on April 7th.... IM GONNA HAVE THE BEST BIRTHDAY EVER!
I know we should be used to it, but I shed a tear last night. Gonna miss these guys.
Can't imagine the show staying on the air very long. I voted for Zambie and Trash Can. Boone Oakley's coming soon I hear.
If you have a car with a busted headlight or any front-end damage, we need to hear from you. Need a prop for a film we're shooting.
you know, there *will* be a joint session between #THATCamp Prime and LAC....
It's ok TA. God will never put more on you than you can bear. It's only a test. You got this. Keep grinding. We believe in you.
haha yes we do (:
might as well have boobie or lester hudson out there
A polar bears skin is black. Its fur is actually clear, but like snow it appears white.
We on the board... Finally
New User Name: Perf.ArtsColl-UCLA,
Mobie night with the bestfrieds and
If you haven't eaten, join us! There's room for two more at our table.
Their not, it's cool and I want one. RT : Motorcycles are annoying.
Watching #CoachCarter..... what is our deepest fear?
That raises a good question: where WAS Monkey Butler born? Doesn't seem American to me...
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 81
YALL SHOULD DO A SONG TO GETHER FOR
Time for a rehair.
Join us tomorrow in Nashville for the kickoff meeting of the ALOA Young Security Professionals. More info on YSP to follow the meeting.
Yo, it's ....50% of women use their cleavage to get things...so be honest what have you used it for??
My mom: What would you do if you had 1 million dollars? I answer right away me: Miami, FL! my dad: what!
i <3 when bands i love are excited to see other bands i love RT : at Webster Hall tonight!
I've never had so many tab ads, redirect ads, and invisible audio ads in my life. So done with
yea I do . I just haven't posted to meany color pics but yea i could handle that , text me (818)961-77 82
Indeed. I've seen too many case studies about what could go wrong that it forces us to play it safe. It hinders innovation.
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them. – John C. Maxwell
Gia Is My Favorite !
Do you guys have any calendars available to order?
but I am le tired...
4 reminders per day to use your cameras. Shoot 2 people interacting. Do it with or without their permission but then show it for approval.
Salsa class starts in one day 3/13/2012 at the Arlington cultural center in VA...also know as theatre on the run
I remember when i was younger I had the biggest crush on Tony Parker.. now I see why ;)
All my pants are shrinking in the dryer. It's the only explanation.
#interfaceUF Has anyone studied whether the students who talk in class also tweet frequently during class? Or, different populations?
Respect youself enough to take care of yourself otherwise you will never be happy
I had an amazing day yesterday with 39 women entrepreneurs from Latin America and the Caribbean.
huahua apparently we have some similar ones. im pumped to see you guys for thanksgiving!
Our first event is coming up early march! Who will be coming?
Heat is making drivers absolutely nuts in commuter traffic, yesterday & today. Be careful out there.
thank you for the kind words!!!
This is not a paid tweet! I found the site while Googling a couple of bad judges that I've been in front of!
lol kick him
Just saw Kanye punch a lady in the babymaker on Ocean Drive. Keep it real dude.
Criminal minds b that fye :)
the puppy bowl with the roomie and should def be a tradition :)
Thanks for the support G! RT yoooo!!! I been goin crazy for that #KeysOpenDoors... Follow back let's talk!
Forming, storming, norming, performing!
winter snow has returned ...making a snowman and thinking of yummy fish fry tonight
oh! I know how that feels! Hahaha my dogs love my parents more than me
Im Spanish ancestry - Cuban :-)
see haha ! Happiness! (:
Wander...startup presentation at tech meetup... A bit like Pinterest for places ?
#40thingsaboutme I'm having entirely too much fun writing my blog
thinking about buying a new sex toy! what kind of a pounding do you think this pussy needs? wanna cum take a look? let's go shop and play!
So we're backed up in the middle of Bluemound and Hawley ... People busted into a honking rendition! Must be Opening Day!
Now u can stand around & feel sorry for yourself when a wife of 3 decades leaves you,or u can get up & take ur life to quantum higer levels
In dire need of some mid-afternoon caffeine. #icedorhott at
In America, people fucking hate soccer, and honestly, that's the way it should be.
Psychology of pricing and buying. Very interesting
RT : "Life isn't about finding yourself ...it's about creating yourself! Who will you become today?" ~
New four year strong!
Danny is HOT with aggression ;) SEXY
I got a softball game today Columbus & Balbo 6 PM
RT : Wishing all my fellow Small Business Owners a Happy National Entrepreneurship Week!
Life would be more interesting if everything had a "Like Button". What would you put a "Like Button" on?
im hoping someone cancels b/c of the nice weather!
Well of course i wanna go to nashville, but I really wanna go to Europe :)
Today in Literary History: On March 9, 1994 Charles Bukowski (author of POST OFFICE and HAM ON RYE) died in California.
I think we just like weed.
hahaha thanks!! Sam you really should check before you tweet!! But I don't mind being the 'beat' friend today! Lol
I wish I had some one to spend my birthday besides my sister =\
Prepping a proposal on big data...see the current issue of the COTELCO Connector for more info on our big data research!...
Never wear a backward baseball cap to an interview unless applying for the job of umpire. - Dan Zevin.
lets not step on toes
#latin quote of the day - Maxima in minimis. - "She is greatest in the smallest things."
Ask any woman. Bigger doesn't equal better.
Salty chucks :)
Listen/download the new EP NOW! - interstates.bandcamp.com
so glad to hear your not feilding offers. rip city wont be the same without you allen. your the best owner in sports!
I've come to a conclusion that.........
it's official, I know nothing about this movie or actor. A Good reason to Geaux and see it then. Have more to say later...
I'm sorry to the seniors I let down.. I love you guys.. I messed up.
Can you get back in?
let your kids be part of the design solution, frame a choice that they can act on and live with
Awww That's The Cutest Gif Ever!(:
Christmas eve with all our families...!
Thanks for your advice. I'm on #Behance n #linkedIn. Also working on blogs for my business site. Just need to keep at it.
melts my heart! U are perfection!!
We are all a product of our past choices. Therefore, if we choose differently we will be different.
ron artest laying duded out again, a little world peace to my man james dome...
Sweet Chicago... How I love your crisp autumn days :)
man, two installs of #matplotlib have had two completely different sets of problems, what a pain, I just want graphs and cant use
Come out tonight & enjoy the musical talents of & local friends - It's open mic night 7-10pm & Happy Hour is all night long!
RT : What God intended for you goes far beyond anything you can imagine. -Oprah
Going to be at my grandmas this weekend in schertz
its like your staring into my soul :0
Ugh I have to take the eoc today<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
i feel like it has snowed more in the past week than it has all winter!
oh, Alex Arnold.
I wonder how many coders are in this audience. Maybe 5?
hello im good thanku wbu x nice to tweet u by the way x
alright Jacob and I will murder jonathan
You learned the concept 'pain' when you learned language. Wittgenstein
Money tall as Jordan...
So I heard you were born naked?.You slut
The rush of battle is often a potent and lethal addiction, for war is a drug. -- Chris Hedges .. from the movie The Hurt Locker
Great show! Jerry sounds so fragile and sweet on "Comes a Time'. Sound is pretty good for an audience recording. :)
Lea tweeting Mark proves I have no Lark feelings left. Totally indifferent.
hahaha I want to go so bad!!
Lets see what the players union does for these players that got suspended. Vilma out for 1 year? Really?
Let's all ninja kick this Monday in the face.
Pretty bored. comment the pics of something ill return
looking forward to visiting the Bee Cave's location tonight. Making the trip from San Antonio just for you! (Ok...and beer)
Today's all Irish special menu: “Bangers and Mash” Omelette, Guinness Braised Beef Rib, Fried Oysters and Eggs, Mulligatawny soup...
our nations capital is a pretty awesome place, huh? God Bless America.
Gosh I love so damn much, I want to meet her<3
Coco Fusco's video 'la plaza vacia' -powerful commentary on pubic space and freedom of speech in cuba,
Yep...all I do is win.
I lose.
Barbara Robertson, currently in "Camino Real" at , will be joining us as our guide for "All About the Women". We can't wait!
Go in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined.
yea unless me an my brother was fightin!!! Then they were single haha!!! maybe thats y i like short guys? hm...
son! I just want it to be as perfect as possible
#milbloggies Voting is open! Not nominated this year but so many lovely peeps are! can't wait to go to #milblogcon! Vote for
don't worry and the rest of #heatnation I got the LBJ jersey on now...everything will be ok
SUCH A HOTTIE
what are the chances oregon gets in? 22 wins?
BPA testing methods to add load during wind over-generation events. DR goes both ways.
That is a great pic!
Why can't you go? :(
#TwoThingsIWant ...one day work at & for Jack to grow & be whatever it is he wants to be :)
looking forward to 1969: The Play this weekend
yea im the with one im almost the with thesecond on. hbu?
b/c the public should know the facts. I believe that the #transportation sector plays a key role in reduction of carbon emissions
Tez: I'm getting my quinceanera dress. Me: Oh! You're Jewish? -______- I'm a failure at life
Play. Love. Grow
Facebook have an unlike button now
You'll regret it in the morning...
Have a good night everyone xo
It's odd but I just knew when Palmer mentioned the kid didn't have a big league homer he was getting a grand slam.
Paul pierce busting they ass
Getting your hopes up is just another bad idea.
Fab Design Tip: Create a welcoming entrance to your living room by arranging your furniture so that it leads you into the room.
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result. -Oscar Wilde
Allodoxaphobia is the fear of other people's opinions
So, my prom was right after "Titanic" came out. Add in some K-Ci & JoJo "In All My Life"...oh, magical.
no! we're going to miss having you!
Spelling Bee: artisanal, that's one "i" and two "a's"
Excellent advice.
Thank you for follow! Thanks!
I'll be home for the summer in a week and half? Say what?
funny “: RT : The next time someone says "you're not the customer, you're the product" we all need to drink. #pii2012”
thx v much great blog BTW. Also image is embeddable if you wish to use it somewhere.
I only eat animals that are aware of their own consciousness. They taste better.
#RT if yo alarm is gunshots and ppl screaming running around outside lmao
Be yourself!
& we all know who beat them! :) Of course, they (Rice) got away with murder the following season's 1st round...
Welcome home!
That sounds amazing i havent had Niteowl in years....
#WhyDoIAlways Think About You
what was I doing?
Saw the book at Urban Outfitters... Looking forward to purchasing it for my Nook! So great!
it was clutch free throws.
Who cares if you were naughty or nice this year? You deserve a beer. Come see me at the Saucer. I promise I won't make you sit on my lap.
Not a goaltender on Earth is stopping that shot.
Why am I still effin up
no se como
"Even if I'm making millions or mowing yards."-A Tig
Charlotte....Y'all make it to B-More yet bro?
no Bullets' jerseys? What about a Gilbert Arenas ?
Ah i just got a doll eeep hes so cute
we provide assistance to the developmentally disabled. please keep us in mind if you meet any1 in need of help! thank you
Yeah I am a nerd and I am proud of it! =) Have a marvelous evening everyone!
#WhyILoveMuseums Because, as a workplace, they're totally not soul-killing
RT : Wanna pick a time and meet over the phone and talk real estate/video? Lincoln, 812-987-2830 • We sure would!
Google paysthe bills (for monster servers) for you to spread your message. They make $ when you make $, -
we're working on that. We have all the recordings.
Thanks bro! Yeah, I'm fully down. You definitely made me a better bike rider today.
what is this?! that was such a cute pic too!!
No scoop from me. Thought it was interesting that CBS Sports was reporting it.
yeah dudes!
they gone get sick of me lol but oh well!! add & Bobby V's new artist
Back to another twelve-hour shift. Bring on the coffee.
me too :[ skip camp you don't need training
No take backs. Nickelbacks, but no takes.
I am a nerd but I just saw some uber nerds playing a D&D card game @ IHOP @ 1:15am. Can we all say a collective WOW!!
u have a gorgeous smile!<3
you know what ? NO prob haha (: . What is your essai about ? (:
Thank you!!
it's way too weird to think there are so many moronic non thinking folks in this country.
Still doesn't follow me! What's up with that!? D:
nothing says, "welcome to the real world!" like dropping $105 on a car battery. yuck-o!
Early bird race clue #1: This Montrose institution known for its darts and live music will be a Lone Star pint chug stop of the race.
Yay it finally here The Iroquois Steeplechase!
Pool Closure December 5th installing new gel coat at
Survived the four-year mark of being a widow. Basically, it sucked. I still hate this.
Cant sleep, someone tell me a joke :)
I'm in school hoe, and we started our diet last night so no more fatty stuff.. gotta get sexy for our bdays
Cast of were representing today at Moorea! Always welcome back. I think they said June? Now i gotta see the movie!
Happy birthday
Great panel on social ROI so much back and forth and debate. Sux battery about to die
Illigal money enthusiast
Every time my husband alters the drivers seat in my car, the chances of me running him over someday go way way up!
I'm glad that I can make people laugh by doing nothing
haha it is next door to my apartment (literally), thus the frequency! Yes, the food is awesome and so is the HH!
JUST SENT YOU AN EMAIL! CHECK IT OUT!!
Watched Burn After Reading. Checked on tomato plants. Birds ate all my blueberries! Got to get down to business this AM.
Thanks. Is the restaurant in Austin?
I miss you. Hunn :(
I gotta crazy vision
#PreWorkout fuel. Load up
Chopped a Bellagio tourney 8 ways, 22k for me and backer. Ran hot, sucked out 2x for my tourney life, grinded an abv avg stack for awhile.
It's amazing that Michele Obama was 'shopping' at Target -- for dog food. Don't they have staff for that? PR triumphs again.
It's First Sunday! Enjoy free admission, a hands-on chemistry activity for the kids, an art talk with Dan Cameron & !
I love this short story. I thought I the only one. Thank you thank you
I get scared so easily.
turn out the lights 830-930pm (eastern time)
Hey you!
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY EVERYONE !!!!!
Hats off to the editor getting us in before the crown GMPM up 140% from our initial alert
Let's make this vote real easy. Whoever wins the Chicago marathon becomes mayor! I'm faster than a moose with beavers in its britches!
Michael Jordan in the flu game!! Nuff said..
I should know better to get off Twitter when I'm hungry. You people can't stop talking about good food!
Happy Birthday !! :) Love youu and hope youu had an amazing dayy!
Sign In Pet Store: "Buy one dog, get one flea."
no problem :)
I've heard the song "dead or alive" literally 3 times today. And I love it
Go see The Help. It's awesome!
Finished up #UCEA with a great presentation and feedback- Look for #ActionforAutism to come. Overall fantastic week
you get in yet? Still in line... bah...
Ok, one major work project ended, to be funded. Now what other deviltry can I get into today? Any suggestions?
wadup bruh.....time to get the buzz back up...droppin two joints tonight
it better
Thanks, I will! RT I'd suggest #uLinkNetwork - for a fun #networking in Sacramento or Roseville or Folsom group bit.ly/hjtNQZ
happy anniversary, dad! love you guys & miss you!
My Mexican Homeboy.
please , please , please follow me it would just complet me <3
#BGCReunion . Bad girls club Mexico is gonna be Effing chaotic , I already know ..
I'm going to bed.
just wanna lay in bed and read Harry potter all night <U+2764><U+2614>
^_____________^ I'm late but HEY HEY HEy! ! Yall better answer! lol
*your MODS are seen riding through the library on poptart with NYANCAT* *stops poptart at table by pillar next to Sam's Place with computer*
“: was asked to package her #FiftyShades Christmas Gift Box Set w/ #SilverBalls #ChristianGrey ” ha
Very vintage looking photo you have there
eat some McDonalds :)
1 class taught, 1 article written, 1 phone interview conducted, 1 presentation planned, 1 quiz studied for... MONDAYS!
Life's to short for bitching and complaining, live it up without giving a fuck.
Cannot wait for my husband to get home with his new haircut... he's so cute when he's a bald-headed boy! :)
u should jst create another one bt dnt tick people off this time ;)
MNF!! Who are you for, Dallas or Washington?
Girl next to me just said she is from Cleveland. I immediately shuddered. I truly do hate Cleveland as LeBron does.
that's so funny lol
More social networking opportunities will be available for RAW presenters. Details coming soon!
Heading to Green Bay to spread the word of 10' seamless dye sub to my customers. DM me and Find out What's In It For You!
#Encourage someone today. Your words of encouragement are powerful to those you encourage.
Ay call me when u got the chance.
Ugh, the words I would call you if I weren't kind of scared of you.
tss the last rap in 8 mile!>>> (;
Hey Girl! We miss you...hope you are having a great summer!
Woohoo!! RT I'm going to call & book our vegas trip for first week in november.
I'd like to be, Everything you want.
Wow - tough times for Romo haters. Keep the faith NG
E everything just erase outta my phone!!!!
is having a lot of fun these days Photoshoping QBs into uniforms...
2 games this weekend. 1 in Omaha, NE 1 in Springfield, MO. Wish the boys luck.
Damn if someone wants to text you all the time they better have a less then a two word sentence
yes ... exactly right
2 final performances left for AN APOLOGY. Tickets still available for both performances. Help us fill the houses!
Hooray! with a side of beignets!
were we gonna add piano and make it a huge song?
Thanks for all of your help! We are very excited about the film lineup!
Looking forward to riding the #Mammoth this summer.
My mom loves my boyfriend.... My dad thinks he's a great kid.....my step mom thinks he's gay.
woo! Now we can be in Bay View with the cool kids :)
The Lakers got their Swagger Back! Truth LOL
Huzzah nice to meet you IRL!
oh and tell me she doesn't look like Zooey DesChannel. I'll fight you.
Family dinner! Seared, fried scallops; risotto; and arugula and watercress tossed in a habanero vinaigrette, paired with a Gruner Veltliner.
Thank you!
You woke up today, you have purpose.
We are!
Oh hey look, ANOTHER protest on Capitol Mall.
Love the show, Zooey! Continued success!
I need to buy my fellow white boys an Asian broom and show them how to sweep on a whole new level.
Going to be retweeting links to my latest body of work, check them out, tell me what you think.
I really don't want to do my spanish homework....
Lakers lead the first quarter by one point.
Yeah, go to East Towne instead, C3K says there's a gunman at the food court.
Thanks for covering this.
bow skitch I'm off this
2 More Days <3 till I get to see mi <3
If #Knicks Win The Early Bird Rights To Lin & Novak In Court Dats Great We Can Pay Lin & Novak Watever They Want + Keep Jr & Have 7 Mil Left
…as she certainly is as well ;-)! Happy Anniversary Jon! Try the patio at Sunflower Caffe, et bien sûr, The Girl and The Fig.
lol starrin at the ceiling always kinda seemed a bit more nerve racking than relaxing
Fuck Santa.. he know where all the bad bitches live lol
I stay on my real shit cause niggas is fake
Learn about Planning for College tomorrow on Perspective at Noon on WPWR
local meaning Atlanta right? Sounds good! I got confused by the NYC comment posted.
not anymore. I did over the summer but that shit failed miserably. I'm going to now starting with this music video.
Tristan1960&#39;s blog » Blog Archive » sailor moon sailor pluto
Getting texts from kids that say hey i was one of the kids you hung out with at the TinCaps game(: >>>>
It's 6:33 & doing homework.
Canada does not need any more hockey teams- they are spending so much money please give the thrashers back- the fans would appreciate it
": look out the Da Poetry Duck Off Fridays @ v-live lounge 9275 richmond beginning 1.27.12 Rip The Runway, dress code strictly"
It's cool K-Dro, you're the reason we have the lead.
The traffic in LA never ceases to amaze me.
tell me tell me tellllmeeeeeeeeeee
yeah, album droppin soon!!
I have no idea what day it is.
The flu bug has officially gone from to to to... me
GREAT documentary last night..It was amazing learning about the aesthetics that you put into the design of the Dreamliner!!
Thank you to everyone who came out to our office grand opening yesterday morning. Your support and work will make all the difference!
much thanks! :-)
LOL Who said that to you, that's not a very good pick up line! lol
Words can't describe how I feel about you..
the gov should spend the money - not you. The info/money is what the gov has -they just need to share.
Apology excepted lmao jokes.
My predictions for today couldn't have been more wrong. The wheels are falling off the world.
what do you think of the RHOM?
Harry back in. Key to the second half
So my roomate just killed the otter pops that was in the fridge nigga control yo self and lose weight that is all
Great song selection by the #RedWings game ops staff. Playing "Let It Be" by Paul McCartney on a #Detroit goal that's being reviewed.
got to go to bed. school tommorow. blah :/ #ForrealTho I don't like itt.. it's boring.. talk to you guys later ( : Peace.Love.Hope.<3(:
Just so you know, there's no E in my name. I'm glad you enjoyed the talk! I had a great time meeting everyone.
girl FOLLOW me !!!!! NOW
That's a nice cover. Reminiscent of Criss Cross Jazz's "in-the-City" look of their album covers.
Newest candidate for county emergency fiscal manager position is a little confused about the job description. She thinks it's a supervisor.
Think parents would appreciate an email newsletter highlighting book reviews written by their librarians? Could work on my design skills.
Am I the only one who wonders what happened to "E" in the grading system? A B C D F <U+2665>
Off a great tour with a great band and very much excited to hit the road again very soon. Cheers, Boys
Pretty well. This twitter account has only been active for like three days. So we're moving in the right direction.
At work, working hard
i Hate you because although i say im over you, you still manage to bring back the feeling
whoa hot momma. nice pic. Did RDI bring in Annie Lebowitz or something? ;P
Thanks! I hadn't thought about that, even though I'm admin for my FB journalist page.
Watching semi-pro! Haha
Quiet w/out students @ Hillel. But never more quiet than on a Friday. Staff is ready 4 new semester + students to return. Shabbat Shalom
TELL ME YOU WATCHED THE FRENCH ONE
i followed him chris!
RT - Run over your crew like the New England Patriots. The craziest but I'm also the laziest. Never turn on the TV so I don...
Life is not about waiting for the storm 2 pass its about learning 2 dance in rain
Hey, that was just on the radio during my morning commute! Smart media studies on NPR/APM ftw!
I may not be close or necessarily like someone but ill always be there for someone in need!
ditto! RT You guys are awesome!
yep. :( who your birds playing 2day?
ya i dont i like allot of animals i think my fav is the cookie monster love cookie monster hes gangster
honey we were just joking. no need to get your tits in a bunch.
Lots of grading to do today. Expect some procrastitweeting later.
So glad that brought up today at the #altsummit class. I met Nicole at way back!
that's so sad.
Awh, hell yea! RT : #ff My new snarky best friend on the Twitters
thank you too, dear friend.
Tomorrow Just p(pie) will be in Otay with Free Samples of Yam Pie!!!!!!!!!!!!! Check it out! C U there!
don't get it twisted don't get clever this is the most craziest shit ever
Last nights game sucked as a Laker fan, but I'm getting closer and closer to truly believing that Durant could be the best in the NBA
Each morning see some task begun, Each evening sees it close; Something attempted, something done. Longfellow
#sljsummit10 Brian Kenny: chaos confusion & creativity characterize future of reading- Summit provides discourses to craft futures
I really should have paid more attention in science class, but it was in Utah.
cause thats what they are
Yup, I done fried my shoulders. Us sun impoverished Washingtonians don't know how to handle 80 degrees and no clouds.
ONLY TIME CAN TELL
In much happier news, I cut down the tree branch that was outside my window! Muahahahahaaa!
My g-parents, Walt and Fannie had a girl named Evelyn who married a man named Arlo. Daughters Arla Gaye and Fawnda Faye.
Apparently, yes.
Oh dear... thanks for the reminder about that. Must get back to about it.
Dexter's, and the Big 10 jump to mind. Although I doubt either are "fresh". Freshly breaded maybe...
Yes LordRT : If the storm is raging, that means YOU be calm. There's no need in two things raging at the same time. Mark 4:35-41
: I fell off a 50ft ladder today..... Luckily I was on the bottom step
Some just play for fun and drink and others are super serious. Winner gets a shiny trophy
Broke a jar of jalapeno jelly on the kitchen floor and now I'm bleeding profusely from what would be the tastiest toe ever, minus the blood.
"The impossible becomes possible for you only as you carefully observe and faithfully obey the direction of the Holy Spirit.”
yess we do!
FYI LACMA is free today.
Going to go to the park soon with Jessie, Zuri, Luke, and Ravi
Me too!! RT : I want to eat everything they are making on Top Chef Just Desserts!
thats good u should do the same
High pressure A/C? I need something to cool off both levels! We're forced down to the guest bedroom & couches when it's not!!
Well we are experiencing a heat wave in Chicago....need to get some new heat in your #cash management program? contact me for information.…
Planting today for flowers tomorrow.
Go Badgers
10min to get to work traffic on westhimer...Challenge accepted
Can't believe we're already headed to bed. #gous #werock Goodnight!
cheer up!
Thanks for the follow !
You would be surprised at how many ppl still lie about they age never really understood that
Too mini many coopers
s/o 2 Go Follow For Me (:
Um, yes. Mac and Cheese pairs perfect with the evening's activities.
just for you I'm going to tweet something everyday now! You might regret it.
Thanks for the RT! MB
Fresh fire!!!
ikr she reminds me of megan fox for some reason!!
Just inside the main entrance of the Hyatt Regency. It is an elevated area--tables and chairs.
People who read tablet versions of print magazines expect - and even want - ads.
Dang Rondo. Get it!
“People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.” –Dale Carnegie
follow back dude
hey girl! What's going on?
Figuring out the rest of the month then LA in September....Can I get an Amen :)
Look at me I'm tweeting WOW
A friend of mine will be running #mkelfmarathon tied to 70 other runners as a fund raiser for Jenny Crain 'Make it happen' foundation.
what's a follow video?:)
awesome. shoot me your email address and we can talk
I Take That Back Goodnight/Morning <3
okay haha! and thanks for letting me stay! (:
i thank God each day for all of my blessings. :D
watching tv, is everything alright?
that's fucked up, why would you tell me that -_-
Interactivity: One of the protocols with which we can expand our 1D model of reading + writing. -Saper
"A Bacon Was" What, ABC?!?! RT : Every time I see 's short URL "abcn.ws" I think "A BACON"
Haven't had breakfast yet, to lazy to get up.
RT : I spilled lemonade on my desk. I hit MacBook Pro, iPhone AND iPad all at once. New definition of "PANIC." *oy* <O CRAP>
For Hopkins vs. Dawson tonight on HBO I got Dawson all day!!
I did know i google my shit before posting something :D
I know. It will be ugly.
Just 16 more days. I don't know if I can make it.
follow me back if you do i'll give you a special shout out just for you
Good pt. Francesca Coppa getting labor done in fandom, esp. for women that there are dangers for certain groups, unpaid labor
Where on earth did the title Pretzels and Bullfights come from?
So much easier to hear if you sit on the side of the room closest to the sound engineers. Other side = speakers inaudible
Our President killed Osama bin Laden. Mitt Romney almost killed his dog.
Dm me your email and we can make that happen
CHEAP TRICK: DREAM POLICE - Potawatomi, MKE - Feb.11, 12, 18, 19, 25, 26. Get your Rock On on the way there & your rest on the way back
aw that sounds cute :3
So GLAD to be home! At last, the end of an extremely long day, checking out for the evening. Night tweets!
Bud light platinum....
he's right
hahaha. I know stupid me! And aww alrightyyyy thanks girl :)
am I being brew woo-ed? sorry... that word play was just too tempting for me.
I believe in you #NYG. You can do it! One possession game. Just don't have any more turnovers.
Is there any more iconic boyz or girls besides Mikey's and nicholete bday in February? Trying to keep track of bdays
So can I... just dont give me my coffee lol ;)
Know of anyone who needs entertainment for their holiday party? Send them our way! W.supertonicstringquartet.com
Yesterday was my last #longRun before next week's #halfMarathon...feeling it this morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
On humor: "We don't take ourselves too seriously. We feel the music and start dancing around like idiots." -
This is why we stay single for The Wanted & Justin Bieber (;
I feel like that's not exclusive to ratchets though.
and why do i care??
the vote is on March 28th, learn more here www.stopthebansd.org
"It's the gospel of Ricky Bobby, 'That just happened!'" says about the different accounts in the gospels.
I can't wait to see you all in Leakesville MS tomorrow!! Travel safe and God bless
i think we all can see that! lol
What's good y'all, bn away 4 a min, 4 a gd cause... A gd friend of mine once put in these words " my absence is never 4 nothing"
Chicago here I come bitch!
Even though I own a bakery, birthday boy wanted Perkins cookies for his Kindergarten treat today. HA! Now.....off to
I love all of you.
Looking forward to visit tomorrow
a lot of people must think im shallow
Fine... went to 6 flags junior year for a physics trip. Funniest field trip ever. and its closer
#Believe comes out on my birthday!!! BEST BIRTHDAY PRESENT EVER!:))
Born a hobo, die a hobo.
We're on the map!!!! It's crazy
“ God will never take away something without giving something better in its place.”
I just dont know what to do or what not to do any more so I said fuck it
Who is on pinterest who can send me an invite?
going shopping
Independent Music is Mainstream. NOW is the time to create the movement. We need 1000 indie labels with at least two artist contracts.
thanks Greg! You are terrific
I'm afraid of paying in. :( I kept EVERY relevant receipt I could. lol My company switched me to contract work after the move.
Thx so much for your endorsement.
About to try with I hope it tastes like my grandma's Korean cookin'!
Wow. Didn't know that. I'll have to check it out. Thanks!
My legs kill
Roses finally blooming in my backyard >>
>> you busy today
Oh, I totally get your point. But humans, particularly in their youth, sometimes eff up. But only white dudes get a pass.
Im so confused on the time.. Anyone know what time it is on the east coast?
If the house smells like chili and beer, well, that's because I'm making chili and beer.
Chris Brown Can Fly :)
Hahaha! I knew you'd enjoy it. Glad I could help
My mom said she can't wait for #TurnToYou haha she loves you. It's gonna be amazing! <U+2764><U+2764>
Brokeniggas talking about #GettingMoney! -- SitDown & apply for a job scrub!
Looking forward to a very busy post-pcbw week ahead. Rolling out some new recipes & lots of brewing on the schedule.
Thank you!!
Almost home to Fort Worth. Work at 8am for my awesome viola teacher :)
how are you gonna give up your title then try and ask who won?? you lost buddy
Thanks, Roberta! I will definitely take pictures and post on Twitter. We try to make trip each year. So much fun!!!
I love a good storm! Bring it
This one step, choosing a goal and sticking to it, changes everything. Scott Reed
When will you realize baby I'm not like the restt
Wld LOVE thatRT : I like ur bio! i'd love to know more :) perhaps i can trade and blog about ur club all-in-one
#FF It's actor Steve Guttenberg now on twitter.
I'm about to be so busy tomorrow - errandserrandserrands !
Trying to watch the #MacysThanksgivingDayParade with Deven. He keeps saying... What's that? I scared! But won't let me change the channel.
When is the BioBuzz event at Nick's scheduled?
Well this is a start. Still praying.
Jordan: dont say that Jordan: Marissa? Jordan: hello...u there? Me: no leave a message at the beep.. *beep* Jordan: wtf?
REMINDER....TRUNK SHOW AND PARTY TONIGHT!!! 6-9pm 224 Sharp Hill Road Come even if you haven't RSVP'd....we'd love to see you!!!
True that Romney is NOT a job creator.... It's all about wealth and power. It's the ONLY thing he truly cares about.
Looking for a new job opportunity? Check out
there is a hearing on the school budget i am about to attend what questions do you think i should have
“ looking for a #chicago realtor!”
I need To Shoot To Louisville For My Nigga Birthday Next Month!!
the Seahawks are basically my mother dolled up in a uniform and on steroids. Totally shocked they won.
'BOUT TIME :-P
- will follow you as soon as 'twitter' allows me to follow more peeps!!
Watched the stunning "Melancholia" today. Talk about anxieties of air travel, writ large...
can't wait til we chill we are gonna go chill with briar and Corey and blow shit up haha
I DO follow you with interest on tumblr. BTW, fixie building pjt moving slowly due to visits & weather, but moving.
"I took rocket science in college, I didn't pass but I know you can't win many football games with 4 passing yards" - nessler. What a retard
bus 1. With all the good people
If the Cats were up by say...42 I would be ok right now. KU is familiar 2nd half team. Keep rollin Cats!
#iSalute my manager #Everybody #FOLLOW &
We are looking forward to working with you all! Lets connect to meet and discuss partnership
Everything originates from the seed of Determination
Well, you know kombucha better than anyone I know, so I'll take your word for it! We didn't get sick, so that's good. :)
Not that Californians have anything to be smug about tonight...*cough*prop8*cough*
is quickly becoming Baltimore's fav place for house, techno, Bass, Moombahton, disco, funk, & club music.
dass what I'm saying
That would be my choice as well, but... I'm dragging my feet for many reasons (tired, family, cost, etc!!)
Working on getting blog reviews today!
I'm a jack of all trades now: HR systems, compensation, benefits, stock, IPO filings, setting up a nonprofit - duties as assigned
Johnson &amp; Johnson - Shareholder/Analyst Call
!! It's been a good run. RT: ": I think I'm leaving NBC just in time."
The sex me and my hand had last night is
Aw **** I think it might be a Jerry Springer episode going down. Tweets to continue...
#Groupon goods man... Gotta hustle
I do not apologize.
Horrible headache
Most importantly, I hope that my mom feels better, and that her breathing improves.
LAPD officer in riot gear told a FOX 11 TV news reporter her crew would be "subject to arrest" if they didn't clear out.
Getting in her first ! Followed 's advice from #Busted but still need round 2 to get the fit perfect.
Watching on MSG now. Reggie miller D-rides lebron.
What hurts the most is what you say about me.
my friend john and his friends TeBowed at my school dance and his friend michael TeBowed on the stairs
Geek Alert!! Marvel Movie Marathon 4/3 at Henrietta Stadium 18 Theater. Starts at 2:15pm, ends with Avengers at midnite show. See ya there.
Surprised it took this long!
At dead poets with two old friends. Why don't they tweet?
Why would you be uncomfortable?
Had no idea there was a truck too. Just saw it on the street in the village.
I actually grew up in CO, then in AL, then here in WA. I can have a drawl if I wants to, but I'm otherwise normal sounding. ;)
If we win... just maybe!
I can't wait to hear more about this venture!
WTF! Why is that bieber kid with Mayweather?!! Lmfao, I knew there was a good reason for hating that little punk!
So proud of you for everything you're doing. Glad you liked being sheeted on too. :P
Kim Kardashian the hottest thing out though. RT : RT : NOBODY wants SOMEBODY who has been with EVERYBODY.
Getting ready to present the awards for the 2011 #SDCChiHack- will be starting very soon in the Main Auditorium. #GetInHere!
Welcome Rob, Andrea, DeAnne, Elisabeth, and Marco!
did I ever tell you I sat on a long flight next to one of the people from the AZ DOE who was involved in making that decision?
Yep, I gave up. Moved over to
2008 honda accord... just normal oil changes, engine filters, eventually a new car battery (was told within 6 months)... ugh
Ok , the Harajuku Mini For Target collections are beyond cute!
I wish you all the very best so prepare for the worst and then you are covered.
put everything on your boys. Thought they were due. Wtf
cant find u <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Boring Sunday in philadelphia nothing to do,no $$ to go anywhere.
If I wasn't brewing this afternoon I would bring my bike out for a ride. Unless I get my ass in gear and get out by you earlier
You only get #oneshot, do not miss yo chance to blow, this opportunity comes #onceinalifetime, you better lose yoself in the music….
Making a grilled cheese on brioche with boucherondin and fig jam was a fat choice. Went to instead of the gym today.
when people say omfg especially with the F <<< respect the one who created you.
U gotta b kidding me- if u smack somebody they r gonna talk ish about u!!
I'm already following you, dummy
who are the brewsers? Is that the roller derby league?
Don't want to go back to Johannesburg or school or reality. Don't want spring break to end
Superior Room
RT love the playlist tonight, MJ and Prince, this girl is a happy camper!
I just bought my Alchemy ticket. *happydance*
“: Telling your parents something funny, but then it turns into a life lesson..”
RT : #Chat2lrn when talking to SME i rep the employee (learner) whena talking to lrnr i rep the SME
Time for the longest concert ever!!!! :)
Love the new class, Jessica! Let us know if you need some help securing a venue.
I like how robo calls you when you've already paid your cable bill. Probably because I pay it between noon & 6pm on due date. Morons.
Mac & cheese with ketchup yummy
People are pathetic
where is the next stop light?
Lol dam i didnt know styles p was still alive.... This nigga on stage with some hoop shorts and a bubble vest
never mind ill find someone like you. i wish nothing but the best for you, dont forget me. Got this damn song in my head
Ugh..sorry hun!!
April Tates has their semi-annual tent sale. Epic deals!!
Very excited to see how well the EVO 4G LTE does! Sprint usually does great with new products!
you have great tweets
I don't update Forwrrrd & Riot Grrrl Online Blog. I should post the links up & the first link to the Riot Grrrl Online website.
Be sure to #thankateacher this week for Teacher Appreciation Week. I'm greatful to Mr A who was always there when I needed someone to listen
Hey, Anthony Hopkins was just doing Truman Capote in "Silence of the Lambs"--it's still a great performance!
It is fitting that Harrison won the game. He's a great guy, doesn't mean that he is that good at baseball.
As I read you with my mouth and my fingertips - like berries you color my hands, like wine you stain my lips.
I followed follow back.
great idea on fall mitt. Thanks for the great support! It's almost TOO warm. Will have to do one that isn't so warm!
#fixaheart my #1 favorite on the #unbroken album
My website, www.inspiringandmotivationalwisdom,com has a book on it called, "The Secret of Letting Go!" This may help.
RT If all God wanted to do was get to the happy ending, you'd be in heaven by now. The process is the point!
It's understandable, we mix our spellings here of certain words sometimes, on purpose though. Color/Colour
lmfaooooooooo! you petty!
The lovely brought in homemade ginger snaps, pita bread, & humus today. I wish office day was EVERY day.
Gotta admit, it went pretty well! If I get video, I'll forward it on.
Gonna be rockin the blood suit cap and gown the 26th :)
This weekend was awesome - Thanks to everyone who made it such a turning-point event! (and now to sleep)
ha, yes, mustn't forget the
at the 21st district candidate forum.
#NowPlaying ""Space Bound" -
If you could go ANYWHERE in the world - where would that be? Another state? Another country? Another time period?
...Two black, undercover-like squad suburbans.
lol we need to do I on our laptops oseaaaa! Ugh lipgloss! Lmao minimum wage for a maximum loser!
True.. but it's alot of lowkey spots an events in Memphis u just have to be open
ya I know but I am kinda bumbed cause I don't get to see all my friends and stuff
had an awesome weekend with ashly , i think i ate more food than i ever had in my entire life. didnt go to school today but i am tomorrow!
Everyone should read 's tweets right now...
Hey I think your twitter account got hacked/compromised.
Saw my pretty lady ! She inspired me! :)
or Friends Forever, Fluffy Fools, Farm Fresh ;)
excited to see my friends to help me early celebrate my bday !..
Success woke me up, Motivation made me breakfast, Destiny gave me my agenda and the Lord gave me his blessings.
Good place to be!!!
Jamie doesn't seem like the kind of person who would want to mess with Twitter
giving uncle rico a fresh cut..... AT NIGHT(:
Anybody can make someone sweat/ sore.... The great coaches & trainers do EVERYTHING w/ a purpose. Why do u do what u do? Whats ur purpose?
why are you blocking me? SHARE your knowledge with the world. What's really happening.Their are many views, yours is 1
lol actually that one stinky boy that was crying that one day in chapmans class was....Lmfao haha
Trying to catch up on e-mail w/ AC blasting. Hope that the 90 degree weather we're expecting for the next week won't last until October. :(
have you been to ?
How do you choose your film roles?
bro I really need to talk to u bro I'm hurtin over here
Thanks for the RTs, comments, mentions & silver badges! this week ,
by today and every Wednesday - Live music starts at 6:30pm. Ritz inside the lobby of the Ritz-Carlton, Center City
breakfast with the girl
Tom where are you? Will you calmly get Rowan.
- my sister got me a #32 Blatche jersey for my b-day 2 years ago. What home game you going to next and I'll get that $20.
your getting to "big" for them and their jealous
Yeah! Glad to hear it. Thanks for the tweet, Sara :)
feel better soon! I'm sure we'll go out again sometime this week. Will drop you a line when we do!
Back to back! Show THAT video on the scoreboard!
Wow my new high score on Temple Run is 1,095,684. Probably can't do that again.
Park Ridge Dr. off Gammon is closed due to large house fire. Multiple EMS on the scene.
my pleasure :-)": Shouting to for singing Happy Birthday to me today on the street! I really appreciate it :)"
And to think, now he hosts a reality show with Boyz II Men guy. Great first two albums by those guys.
In case you guys didn't know is killing on the app right now
I'm stressed.
Don Knotts: one of the funniest actors there ever was.
Main reason being that I've read the first two back to back, and I like to break series up a bit. I'm loving them, though.
Free beer? Are you kidding? haha... No way jose.
ah, nothing like ending a friday by fixing an #amc2012 project proposal bug with some ternary operator poetry.
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1964 "Jeopardy" debuted on NBC-TV.
All you need is love. And money. Love and money.
Would F. Scott Fitzgerald be considered a "good blogger." Does the teaching of writing change when Ss are taught to blog?
A man is so in the way in the house.
apparently I can't sleep without alcohol.
I <U+2764> reading 's tweets... He is such a unique, intellectual individual!
You're very welcome! ^__^ Thanks. Haha I knoow! What the heck. We need to chat it up. Lmao.
Good point - forgot to mention that it doesn't. Will add it to the blog post.
Woe gurl! Did I miss something?
follow me back!!!!! wahhhhhhhhhhh, you know you da one that i dream about all day <3
Good morning Austin! I have to go to school. At least I'll see this guy. Lol. Have a good day!
This draft '12 talk is getting crazy.
Anyone know if the Dallas Cowboys won last night? Anyone? Anyone?
Thanks Felix
Kim Zolciak throws the best side eyes.
Is it just my love of the holiday season, or do others see 'Grinch' instead of 'Gingrinch' in the news too?
she went to kingisland
Thats pathetic! Grow up
the cops stopped me cause I look like you
DON'T EVER TAKE ADVICE FROM A PESSIMISTIC PERSON. THEY WILL DESTROY YOUR RELATIONSHIP IF YOU DO. WHY? BECAUSE THEY ARE HATERS.
Whats good bro ? Any news with my beats ? Ima send some more right now
yup yup Filipina!!! :) was born there hehe
Taking the to Howard U today for a Global Education Conference. Presenting w/ DC Teacher of the Year Kim Worthy.
what time in LA?
Fundamental shift in book experience. Will there be difference between library experience & free book you download -like ads?
Dove soap be smacking oms
dished a heaping pile of raunchy soul to a mad packed Precinct tonight.
dang girl, so got so much stuff!!! :) haul please!
Workforce = # of people employed. Your logic is confusing. More jobs = greater workforce. WI is hemorrhaging jobs.
I found love in a hopeless place. School.
Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men and men are great only if they are determined to be so. -Charles De Gaulle
Every time I watch man v food I realize I want to be friends with
Tomorrow night we got Knicks and Rangers... Come bounce with us!
ok suck on your thumb hahaha
A very busy few weeks ahead, have to plan carefully to be able to fully enjoy all the fun stuff
You are welcome! The Dad's point of view is awesome... & I love today's Mother's Day Cartoon.
It's a great message and a hot topic in all our lives.
But missing my family in PA, including my "little sisters." Can't wait to come home and hang out :)
Haha don't we all?! RT RT : I wish there was a form of exercise that involved me laying around with a beer.
Yes, its amazing
- wish I could be there withyou, but will be yelling at the TV screen on Saturday; USA! USA! USA!
hi Jessica! It's Matt Dorman from Facebook. Have a great hump day!!
Discussed composers, sound design, and end-of-the-year screening plans. Someday, others will actually see THE WORLD OF MISSING PERSONS!
I've just personalized X for Android with my Twitter posts!
I found a use for all my old sketchbooks that doesnt just involve nostalgia.
sounds good! Hope to see ya out there :)
Super fun clown available!! Only $80 dollars per hour! FACE PAINTING, BALLOONS, BUBBLES , AND GAMES! Smiles and fun are
Stayin' on my health ish really made me appreciate the lasagna I went in on today...
Tell Mark all us dog lovers are sorry and loved the "Jo Jo" stories and visits.
JT I thot u was going to michigan this weekend. Lol.
Almost 8 and still light outside, not missing that hour!!!
I assure you it was not meant as a slight, just a mistake.
Dinner & Show Hope's Cinderella w/my girls & some of my dearest friends. Nite's like this inspire me stay FOCUSED on the CALL of my LIFE!
I see y tyga with black chyna she bad af her body unreal
#Neverbeenafanof dumb ass peoples
Thanks for the RT :) Are you coming to Paella Night?
+1 for free government information
She ain't even gon look 4 a job now cuz The Green Machine is paid 4.
Has you smelled the plant Hyssop before? Holy cow! It's gorgeous! So herbal/green fresh. Diffuse its oil for 15 min to open airways
o ok y'all from this way?
Good morning! "Ability is useless unless it's used"-Robert Half
No excuses now!
I love you casino
lol how u been? Aye I wanna go to dallas -__-
Heading off to the Society for Military History meeting (#SMH2012 ?) for the next couple of days.
Love for you to follow me I love the new #LOVE OUT LOUD devotional book!
did you get the *sweet* shirt?
Miguel Torres only a slight favorite vs McDonald. They must not realize he has somewhere near a million and 0 amateur record
Where will you be watching the game tonight? Home alone with your cat or with hundreds of people that believe the same thing as you
We're excited about the in May, are you?!
Go to discrover.com and purchase plant Earth....
But "right" in our context means Green Party, Peace & Freedom Party or liberal Democrat.
Low impact cardio-exercise is very important way to keep the back pain away.
Weekend starting out perfect. I love my friends <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
ah *sings* thats what makes you beautiful!
Who was your favorite on there?
Shoutout to for following !(:
oh ill have to try that out haha
On my way to the horse track.
"Can we get some butter?"! Director @
thank you I'm new to all this had ppl telling me I can go far so I'm working on it
lmaooo you neither? *High fives you*
"If I'm going to give up my ass, it's gunna be Elton John or something" - Rogan
I take the random periodic star from as his way of telling me he's ok.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I never liked you.. It was just lust..
scheduled tweet
SALT is useful once u learn how 2 use it (the tutorials help); has Span-Eng norms too; I use it about 1x/yr w/ lang kids
When I look in your eyes, baby here's what I see. I see so much confusion and it's killing me. Well I can't take it anymore... Shoo-bee-doo
“: #FieldertoKC what will it take? Besides moving Billy? 150mil/5years?” Voodoo ritual?
ok cool. Thanks for the info brotha!
In Honor of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day, what service project will you be doing with your daughter tomorrow?
White House now says Bin Laden was not armed when Navy Seals shot him dead. Still deciding on releasing photos of body.
I'm done cryingg for noww ; but there are more tears to come ..
Because #LosBulls makes sense.....
Got a phone call from 2 of my oldest #NOLA friends.They're drunk in Cleveland.Smiling from my heart thinking of my friends. :-)
JUST FINISHED HOOPN....GTTA TAKE CARE OF SUM BIZZNES NOW
Increasing productivity with Things app + cloud sync. Good recommendation from
Wassup !! When are you going to back for Rock Band?
he didn't know I knew you... Lol
come here, lover boy!
first of all that is NOT me hahaha
good, I'm interested in what you saw. The story is always more complicated than the first impression.
#howIhumormyself telling my best friend Felix theres a butterfly and watching him chase it and screaming pretty butterfly
Hilarious interview of on tonight.
You can't find it anywhere, because it is located inside you… happiness is your natural state.
whats the point of having a phone if no one texts me -__-
Top 10 tech gadgets everyone should own
no!!!!!! im not 17 yet!!!! im to young to die i will throw so he will get u first :)
Why do freemasons rape and kill children?????
How about the week of the 12th?
Laying foundation for #SocialMedia: Make decisions about tone, frequency, topics, and targets.
Hm...Beer or bud? That is the question.. I know a Bud Beer :)
Rehearsal today..."CaLegion we ready to bust"...
Take help of the professionals to draw a strong business plan, taking care of every aspect of the business
of course there will be a third series. Read Arthur Conan Doyle and you'll know why.
At #communityjustice2012's Day 1 clsg session, David Weisburd asks "Why not focus community service on crime hotspots?"
#pdxevents Looking for something awesome to do tonight? Hit up the #SoMeAwards for an awesome party, great networking with fellow...
How bout you stop doing giveaways and replying to people. Ya know what THEY HIRED YOU FOR
MUSIC MOVES ME!
#idonthavethefactstobackthisup but Jon Stewart is hilarious.
Interesting quote: SOPA: "It would be like shutting down for having copyrighted videos posted"
hey sorry about a spam tweet. Our account was compromised.
Break a leg, ! You're going to be incredible! :)
~ cant wait!
i wish so many things. for my friend, and for everyone else who feels like there isn't really any reason to keep breathing.
they wouldn't be wrong...
Coach, do you know you have more BIG XII Titles (8) than home losses (7) !!!???
George Workner killed in a jail break, March 14, 1808. First Baltimore law enforcement officer killed in the line of duty.
that should work. We can catch dinner/coffee on the evening of the 4th or lunch on the 5th. Some great places in center city!
Happy "Tigers' Opening Day"
#WFUD12 the firewall between the business and journalism sides of reporting shops is gone.
I'm a Rodgers man, easily.
its my birthday everyone c:
Weekend at Bernies style?
Getting the decorations gathered to turn the hotel and restaurant into Holiday Mode next week! Can't wait!
iight. June 9th is my last day here. When I come home, I want you to make me look like you lol.
#BoosieTaughtMe if they dykin they like it
I feel like one most days! lol ;P
Hmm...what kinda dreams?
The best and worse thing about family is yelling at each other one minute then buying each other sweet tea the next.
Eligible! RT : Clearly been too long since I've had if I'm again eligiible for #guessAnumber for free cheesecake. 40!
I had a feeling he was gonna win!!!
tweet tweet :))
only fight with people that are on ur level .
S/O to everyone that came thru and had fun tonight ..
lol. Bitch.. Mind ya business.
Oh don't worry #reality won't loose any sleep over a few misused words ;)
I GUESS I GOTTA DUMP OL GIRL...
Aww thanks! Can't make that stuff up!
Uhm now my asscheek itches what is happening to me
Yes, my love for Alaskan #salmon shines through, doesn't it? :-)
Yall mfs aint worth my time.. I got money to make and a family to look after..
Fuck a carshow..I'm going back to sleep..too much drinking and laughing lastnight..
Fine, Wolfgang at Webster with and Steph.
Just found out rye bread is the only bread that's good for you so now I'm just...ugh. No bread or nasty bread or unhealthy bread?! Lose-lose
Part of me hopes Leake doesn't do well tonight so they finally do something about it...like Chapman to rotation!
<U+263A> we know
good morning, lady!
I am busy these days. Working on something big
Huge weekend for , which swept this weekend. It was first time Bears' swept since May 2, 2010.
Thanks for following & look forward to your tweets! Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
It was nice meeting you at Rubio's yesterday, love your blog!
playing some fantasy baseball lite on www.baseballfannation.com
On #Earth #Day I was forced to buy PAPER weekly #MBTA pass from machine. Charlie Card only monthly NOT weekly. U R
would you rather play gossip at every show from now on or never be able to say or use the word vibes again?
Caught austin's "the spells" tonight. Calling it now. Also, two dudes with lit up eye horsehead masks. Video possibly forthcoming.
What was the most amount of money you have lost while gambling?
im a girl(:
has 600,000 fans looking for best tequila events in the nation. DM me with best contact to set this up.
Can't lie, I had zero expectations going in, but holy shit is the Wandering Birds album great! Nice work!
Crazy. Glad you're okay. RT : It must have just logged from my phone, I was on that all day.
stop getting smart bitch... Ima come do it in a minute child
ok lemme go b4 i get all emotional
I luv u!
It doesn't say that, everyone else's did. I don't think I'm going to go.
and that's all that iyam ;)
Do you eat unconsciously? Do you watch TV while you eat? When eating...do it consciously and focus on the task at hand...EATING :)
Chipotle > Wing Stop
If you have a problem with me please write it nicely on a piece of paper, fold it up, put it in an envelope, and shove it up your ass.
My Peyton Manning is the QB for the Broncos now.. gunna take some time to get use to this change ..
joe momma?
Smoking my victory cigar
We have the best Sublime cover band - 40 oz. To Freedom on Feb 23. It's a Wed. night, so we're doing it early! Doors at 7. Show at 8pm!
The American style Chinese place in manayunk has fried chicken gizzards. I'm pleasantly surprised.
Have to take my car in. Can anyone recommend a Ford dealer in Pdx? I have an extended warranty on it, so have to take it to them.
Thanks for Re-Tweet ! Happy Friday!
Where are you now ? :(
getting slammed at my favorite Dennys...
Thks to Teresa Garcia Krusor vice-chair of KS Democratic party for your leadership! See ya next year! GOTV!
where u at bro
Thanks so much for coming in! Glad you enjoyed it!
Wow with my bestie watching them shop for #wedding dresses! Say yes to the dress¿ How about say yes to the #Mess! Do not #buy that, or else!
A couple people from Hong Kong asked if they could take a photo with me when I was at the airport. I feel famous : )
I enjoy the convos as well. I'm just trying to not disrespect you by attempting to seat that banging ass on my face.
great running into you this morning. Hope you had a good breakfast!
got over zealous with the easter egg dye, now my hands are blue.
because she tells me my friends are attractive!
Happy Mothers Day :)
Hot outside
I'm a fire engine!
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader."
Well this gets you to 13 miles in 12 weeks and I am usually ok running 3 miles so yeah..race in October
Good Morning People On Twitter. I Just Woke Up.
Uh-oh... Deckfeasts on Twitter. :)
RT : A flourishing Tuesday to all incl
LOL. You will not regret it. AY-MAY-ZING series.
"Where slates that we've tested fall short are in the upper grades where students need to create projects" -Tommy from Carrollton
Tax Tips 101. Tax Guru knows all. He joins us next time warner channel 362.
I kinda wish I was goin to prom now !
Ron Paul delivered Chuck Norris.
Hearing Lefty's and Bones convo on what club to use and doing all the calculations for the "perfect shot" was awesome. Then to watch Lefty
Always good to see my foodie friends !
Mueller!! Bayern score again! Up 3-1 in aggregate!
Gone be fat n imma laugh
Whats good tweeters! in da building! Gettin it started!
No, I just pulled a random sentence from the web. :)
The National Hotel South Beach host of 2012 Swingfest Complete Oceanfront Resort Takeover. Book early and save! www.swingfestevents.com
wouldn't that link change when they change the terms? Not much posterity in that post!
Yeah, there's something about the book - but I thought it was beautiful and probably the best use of 3D i've ever seen.
Right? Geniuses.
thanks for the RT, Cathy!
: listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 4
Is it just me or does it seem like Solis has no idea where Corgan might go? This is great.
is who I roll with consistently. YETH!
Chicks are for fags.
I'm so hot.... How am I gonna sleep like this?
Oh man. I'll give it the memo. Heading in when gets here. Would love to meet u. Heard great things cc
i looked his ass up on fb too. dats you go shoot your shot lol
saw it & giggled a lot :)
Being from Chicago you know which team I will be going for....GO BUCKS...I never cared for the Bulls
RT : It was actually Fez, but I have Meadow (my favorite!) in the cupboard and will be drinking a cup this...
Headed into 8:45a meeting then off to my first Xmas shopping! I know I know I'm late!
shout out you! If you have swag you would follow him! So if I were you, I'd follow him!
omg i remember that!! i had the biggest crush on tony oller good lawd lol
Never heard of it before reading the article I just Tweeted. What a rational solution!
lol i'm sure you already got one. :p
Community Service for Food Stamps?
Me and my man r on the road traveling and giving away free child safety kits.
Yayayyayayay! today's gonna be a fun one!!
Bialletti Moka. My favorite kitchen appliance. Best espressos hands down.
I will just for you. ;) RT : put those fuckin heels on an' work it girl .
Damn way to much limon chips -_________-
What a weekend. Thanks for keeping me entertained, Dallas.
well, you'd think some folks along the way would just grow the fuck up…
I told him he was Assclown Incognito
an #overnight is so not
Lazy Rule #19401957294710149: you're so lazy you didn't even finish reading the number
Great example of potential for regional ecosystems. #startupamerica MT : Entrepreneurship in NOLA 3x national average,
oh god lol
Our ecommerce manager is out on #RAGBRAI today good luck & have fun Jon!
hey. My wife's favorite show is snapped and one day she brings home a case of duct tape and a new set of knives. Hm Lol
So stressed and irritated that my wifi isnt working when I have shit for school I need to do. Ugh !! Fml, Im sorry
Thanks! Gotta keep the Light bright so others feel free to illuminate as well. Life is too yummy to get all dim, ya know?!
discovering the joys of bluegrass music. Not sure how it escaped me all these years.
To have what most people don't, you must do what most people won't!! ...Eat well and train hard today!
Improving Housing List Mostly Holds Steady in May
From one Braves fan to another, thanks for the follow.
That's a lovely celebration--I hope you indulge in some champagne!
exactly. Can't imagine how he's managing to concentrate...but he's the top guy for a reason.
I am surprised is not following the guy (aside from the Bears) "has an identical resume" to hers,
That tweet sounds like it was written by a greeting card. I'm going to stop following unless you tweet a little better
Now I can be just like Kate Middleton with my tangerine jeans!
I haven't read it, but have heard good things about this book, written by a conservator from the Smithsonian
Keep representing the Chi and us hard-working brothas to the fullest. Much love and respect!!
now that I'm banned to the pool for a good portion of my workouts, I'll let u know if I get smarter!
I saw this and thought it was funny. "Indecision is the key to flexibility."
You might as well R-T this
Today, I stood in line at the post office for 40 minutes to send a package. Seattle, you are really getting on my nerves today.
When you need a friend, you will know your friend. Love and Light
I need to talk to you about classes. The orientation for post 508 was the biggest....I need real honest talk : )
I just love the view of the mountains while driving on the hwy! #Arizona!
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul, and make us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds
Random News: Arbaaz Khan to direct Dabangg sequel
I lost track of time
please dont let it be tragic lol jk jk im sure however you end it , itll leave your reader wanting more :D
do not answer it, or open it. It is a trojan. I received it from someone else, and i opened it, and now my account has been hacked.
Just discovered this singer Noah on Youtube who does covers. Holy cow. Dude's voice is UNREAL.
you saw the sign?
Whoever mocks the poor shows contempt for their maker. Proverbs 17:5
I heard that next month's TIME Magazine is going to be on spanking your child...wonder how that cover will turn out.
Thank God for my life.
Thank you so much! :) You're so sweet as well!! Love ya too baby girl!!<3
haha think you just did ;) oh cool, then our workout?
Who knew. Learning can hurt!! My head is still spinning. Very informational but wow. Overload!
great post- thank you!!
I like. Let's brainstorm at next hung meeting ;) seriously, only 18mil?!
On the road leaving dyserburg tn headed to the ville
Sunday Times Rich List 2012: Wealth of richest grows to record levels - New York Daily News
just dropping in to say: John Milton Pie.
snap a pic of Mickelson for me!
PEYTON Please Follow :D<U+2665>
haha that's awesome!
Sold a painting to a collector from China? This is a big day!! One let up for we artists. Maybe the economy is inching back. I'm ready!
I secretly hate the term, "users". Yes, they're "using" your product/service but don't forget that they're real people!
Standing in line for Star Trek can't wait!!<U+263A>
So fricken bored
I see the same thing happening. I started making a list in a notebook--it'll make a great teaching resource later.
Talk about lowering your standards kiddo
Daily Stocks Highlight by Insiderslab: American Eagle, PulteGroup ...
I still haven't started :)
sorry it's taking me so long to Welcome you to Titletown! Stoked to have you!
Great news! Thanks for sharing
awesome! We can't wait to see your pics from
Less than two weeks before #Christmas. Is all your #shopping done?
All is well! Thanks for checking in on us! How are you & the team?
is that really a stat? how does it work?
I hate when people say they went, or they're going, "clubbing."
44 yrs ago tday RFKs speech on MLKs death solidified he and king as 2 of my most favorite ppl in history..i wouldnt know for another 30yrs
Dreaming of a summer internship in New York City? Stay tuned for more info. The New York Intern Project is fast approaching!
I HOPE the 18-29 year olds stay with RON PAUL! It the principul and those voters like AaRON BarRAZA! VOTE REPUBLICAN YOUNG INS!
Welcome to California Coast!
Thanks for the RT!!!
KG coming up big tonight
Thank you for tuning into special james söund & Guest w/ on PròximaFM, Spain. Official podcast will be available shortly
if this book is anything like MS to Africa, it will definitely be on my Christmas or birthday gift list...
What a crazy story! RT : Is this outfit too revealing? huff.to/y1mxCc
Looking for ways to help our fellow Hoosiers in southern IN? You can text HOOSIER to 80888 to donate $10 to the
Never Let A Weaknees Convine You That You Lack Strength True Strength Doesnt Come From The Size Of Your Arms But From The Size Of Your Heart
ABC has giving that Child Murderer Casey Anthony $200,000 this is wrong! DON'T WATCH ABC! Please RETWEET this, Thanks Lee
Text from Dick Lugar: "F*CK"
When life beats you down... don't ignore that beacon of light... Its just God giving you the nod to get back up... and keep it moving.
yeah.... It's like slapping the hand that feeds you! Literally!
Yea, that would have to change.
One of my GPG photos is going to be in the Film Noir show :) Awesome!
Due Date was too funny
are you going to the game??
Where are you sitting?
Too true. Are you the sole #publish2012 tweeter?
we love Cooper!
Whatever you do, don't watch, "Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead.". Cried like a baby at the end & almost swore off solid food.
RT : Presidential election in Russia today. Well, sort of...
90° F today & still doing my 5 mile jog. Tzzzzzzz
Group denies link to Toulouse killer
oh no weekend is almost over..what are your Sunday evening plans?
at muh ol job ..gettn her food ..not me smh
Metta world peace will be back from suspension for game 7 fwiw.
Oh man. RT : I had a blast today with my boy -- Thanks everyone for all the love
yes girl!!! Absolutely
thanks :) hoping for the good drugs lol
thank goodness
I'm good,was in NJ for the week end.Heading back to FLA.How are things with you?
#SMILEcon is under way. Kara from presenting on Minnesota State Patrol use of
You're an awful excuse for a human being
Went to see the Titanic in 3D today! Love that movie, so emotional though.
just realized the same song has been playing on my ipod for like the past 20 mins..... lol
- Thxx I Will Return The Favor (=
I want the life I hav always dreamed of...I want to be doin wht I love with ppl tht I can relate to...I want to live in Cali & hav no stress
Hey there, sorry for delay. Still on video task for Great on to follow is
I'd tell my twitter pals to follow a library, as today is #followalibrary day, but if you're reading this, you're probably following a lot.
where r u?
I got 778,456 points in Temple Run. Beat that
thanks for the shout out!
why one direction doesn't go to Asia the coming year?can you follow me?
Im gonna miss that man when he is gone...
Fred Man! We miss you already!
Because I totally passed that test in english <U+E105>
be in Kentucky anytime soon?
the weeknd - what you need
“: I appreciate you, Blythe! Thanks for your support and encouragement.”
for sure, just give us until 4!
Where can I watch the Bulls game online? Does TNT have it on their site?
Going to bake some chicken today.
<3 U girls!
Spiritually forsaken, sexually degraded, can we love?
How can it be midnight already?!
She's banging one of the players I think.
sorry I'm just seeing this! But hey :D
For some reason, the #ASA2012 program has my affiliation listed as UCSF. That would be incorrect. Also, amusing.
Key to bowling well. Playing hall and Oates. Just bowled a 189.
#WorldPeace... Not just for the back of your jersey Ron
#NoteToSelf: "The more I play D, the better we'll be." ~Andrew Bynum to
#teamfollowback one more person! :D or more, that'll be nice. i FOLLOW BACK. check it.
Layovers are for the birds. (Not actually, I'm not sure birds layover. I'm simply invoking the expression, I suppose.)
if you let karma drive, won't you just end up right where you started?
vino y no wine, why no?
Re: the Times music snob piece. They should have transcribed our convo at Rivington hotel. Expenses were onerous, though.
Its my lucky daaaaayyyy(:
Having a dream about the most random person....
FAIR YEAH WOOT
Anybody else yell YUCK as they stepped outside -- like I just did?
I can't believe that the Italian Fest has been called off!!! We all need to work together to get this going again. Who is with me?
Out of curiosity, why not have your child attend a PGCPS school?
first bout of season now on-demand, Time Warner channel 411, TWSports Zone!
Big Bill never went to any hoidy-toidy university, and it didn't do ME any harm!
Big, smart defensive play by the senior.
really wish you 4 were on the #AmericanIdol tour :( makes me depressed!
Congrats to my hometown St. Louis Cardinals for winning number 11 in 11!
You also have to Follow people to get Followers to Follow you
“: #Sagittarius is outgoing and loves to party!” they are accurate today.
Just landed in Philadelphia for #acrl2011. Now over to the convention center to get out booth setup.
shit we been out like we knew we were going to be ..you guys got your lil star Kobe and STILL loosing....^_^ ...bahahaahaa....
i've been getting a massive headache every day now
Today marks history and everybody need to #watchthethrone !!! GET IT !
What's my favorite word!?
those r the keys to Lac beating sas huh? Lol
Good morning #thatcamposu! Looking forward to discussing OSU-based Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives as teaching/research resource!
I'm always down for music. Just keep me in the loop.
flying dog.
On eBay, there are an average of $680 worth of transactions each second.
I love you – those three words have my life in them .
yah, can't wait till midnight to get my friggen foodstamps! :D
Today was good. :-)
thanks a bunch!
I know! Makes me want to cry :(
God only knows that you were my last straw.
Whateva!!! We'll see about that buddy. Heat goin all the way baby!! Yea. Go Heat!!! All day
is calling everyone in her phone book saying she has a date. It is halarious and cute at the same time. Haha
Haha. My thoughts exactly.
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend , and !
RT QUOTE OF THE DAY: “The secret to living the life of your dreams is to start living the life of your dreams today...
Watching Swamp People! Such a funny but real show :-)
RT : Not just a park for Baldwin Hills, but for all of L.A.—larger than Central Park—oil field rights lay in the way...
Thanks, everyone!
i think #shitthenannydoes is your The Help bestseller.
Line going down the block for the Maldives.
Ok, so when is the internet going to remake Lexicross?
Worst beer selection in Robinson: Don Pablo's! When I got the silverware wrapped in paper napkins, I should've expected it
I'm so thankful to work with you both and that we are all in this together. Great job presenting both of you
I mean wht happen :)
Pfizer says on-track to finalize Animal Health business decision
I need someone to talk to me about boys >.> They are confusing :/
ima be dead by the end of the night D; IM IN SO MUCH PAIN AND IM TAKING LIKE 100 pills but nun working!!!! ugh :''(
This is terrible but I'd love some chocolate donuts !
think this one of my favorite featured avi models good job!!
YES, AUNTIE TABS SPEAKING! I snuggle the bejesus out of him everyday. (By snuggle I mean shake.) I'll pass the kind words on!
Hey lady I was on yahoo answers not Facebook....stupid mean lady in algebra <U+E407> she makes me sad<U+E40F>
u are in OH, what is your take on Ohio St FB. Did they win a championship with a player who may of be ineligible?
They didn't even let the jello set properly so they were liquidy and gross.
long day doing pre-festival work for tribeca
We can't rewind.. NOW WE'VE GONE TOO FAR!
my life is too perfect i think, maybe. idk i like it though.
Nicole Richie just had a baby boy... who knew she was even preggo?! I can't decide if I'm mad or glad that I didn't know that...
A$AP
I am all made out of ship wrecks. Every single beam.
I'll pass this to the chef team, thanks. Send us a DM and we'll get you a glass of wine on us next time :-)
Should have stuck with my rule always wear skirts when it's raining on been rainy. I hate damp pant bottoms!
you're kinda weird.....
Ashanti~ the woman you love !!!!..
aww thanks that just made my whole night(: <3 your amazing<3
Watching whale songs on #utube at breakfast. Mezmorizing. both kids are entranced.
RT : Your move, Tweeps. This is getting fun. Killing it at "Roasting The #Kardashians at
thanks for following. Stop by for a visit to the 1890s if you're in the Chicago area!
ya where the fuck you been man
Same hoes hatin on us, Numbers they be slippin me..
Did someone say Pumpkin Chai Latte? Oh, yes..
what is that supposed to mean? I'm here, just noting my observations.
haha ya just tell them whats up and go from there and take what u can get. its easier to move within then start fresh
Nothing like a good networking meeting on Friday to kickstart a Monday. Hope everyone had a nice holiday weekend.
I wondering what's in a size 2...
Teacher Tuesday. All teachers past/present get happy hour all night long. Enjoy fresh salads, wine tasting all day, and Lemon Curd Dessert
Building additional Room into Your Home - Real Estate Inspection ...
Should it really take 90 minutes to get to work!
Niggas crack me up now a days...
Demi will be the sweetheart, and Britney the daffy one
awww, well, that's awesome. :)
She wants me for my body.
I'll be at the #Beirut show tonight at the Santa Fe Convention Center
So sad this is the end
Holy fuck he brought his own mic
Oh wouldn't that be nice MT : Does MoCo have a master plan that addresses area abutting District line, GA Ave south of #DTSS?
BEE FREE baked goods are in! Including New Yummy Granola! See you soon! #carmel, # Gluten Free
my computer is working really hard today
having no bottom teeth
when are you coming up? today or tomorrow?
Try a jar filled with balsamic vinegar + washing up detergent. Stretch film across the top with sml holes. Traps & kills!
okay, haha thanks!
What booth is it? #GOA2011 RT : We're at ! Have you stopped by our booth?
Taking a crew to LBG mañana. Tranny and flow heaven.
But yes. We've been using Neutraface 2 for our house sans, but it's still a little too exotic for book use.
I don't know. there doesn't seem to be any art happenings this weekend... ;)
Doing the "I'm thinking real hard face" when the teacher looks at you.
Devils moved on to round 3 tonight! New Jersey represent! Lol
well, I've learned what a haboob is, and that AZ fans are whinny with their lame booing and chanting
No more Tumblr postin' to Twitter, starting to annoy me.
Obviously. PlaceKitten is the scientifically-proven most effective quality of life & workplace moral booster.
About to get some shut eye before work <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Violence … changes only the rulers, but not the rules. -Walter Wink
Burt's Bees + IPAs = gross
Are we going?
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <334
I have 20 minutes left of work and then I'm off for 2 days!
"Teaching my daughter to surround herself with safe people who will pray for her, not prey on her." ~ Solomon Proverbs 22:6
"Tue, Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat, Sun, Mon." -Jamaican naming six days of the week
CONTEST!!! First Person to spend $100 in today WINS 2 TICKETS TO show at the next tuesday!!
- sounds cool. when?
bac could bounce on 6month daily chart support
I hate wen ppl rush me den be late.... how u late n u was rushing me.
the lines to your doorstep at bouquet
lol whatever! my mind isn't corrupted like yours lol
Platinum Post News... Jacob Lusk Sent Home On 'American Idol'
. Literally LOL at #6. Also can relate to cute outfits and morning coffee. You should do stand-up. Improv background?
Why are people hating on Patrick Kane today?
Trying to finish up this book! I'm excited to see what God will do with it, but man, it's been to pretty to work. :)
Yall getting sick of my RSVP tweets yet??? TOO F***IN BAD!!! :) jp
#ImNotGoneLie im thinking bad thoughts if i go out im actin an fool and gone do a full split lol im jokin about that split
Janis with a job interview tomorrow in Anchorage....
but on the flip side - there's plenty of people in dc who need and deserve food at that price point...i dunno...slippery...
C'mon Nashville!! Bring on the data and insight! Actually excited to do this- Digital Summit 2012!!
I can't stop loving you come back to me.......
Please free from #TwitterJail, I love her!
Note to self: Dont pull an Ivy.
from a #sociology perspective tweeting your breakfast is meaningful. Twitter coagulates liquid modernity
You might think so, but they sell for $35 usually.
I just watched The Crying Game for the first time, and wow, quite the surprise. I don't want to give away the twist but Dil totally has a pe
So how are you this evening?
#WhatsObamaHiding the lost episodes of Family Guy
Huckabee Special = AWESOME!
hot person: hi, me: savan thats hello in klingon, not that i watch star trek or anything, i just said it, okay i'll shut up now
>>Positive Energy<<
you're in my neighborhood!
No, it's the regular evening broadcast. Some sickening footage.
thnx for the follow!
Is so talented
Why is living healthy just so hard? And why do we treat our bodies like junkyards? Must keep trying so we run around in the back yard!
Wanna go stay at the beach, open the sliding glass doors so i can hear the ocean, and go to sleep
L'shana tova to all who are celebrating! Here's to a sweet New Year full of health, happiness and success!
Sounds like someone has a crush. ;)
im from New York
I just found out it national sarcasm month! I'm definitely celebrating the sarcasm!
I might as well leave a running chainsaw in my bedroom. my english bulldogs is more nasal than q-tip, ad-rock and b-real combined.
ha! Accident small world. Keep it moving
Dont despair Clipper Nation, they will figure this out
To all of the back to schoolers out there in the Twitter-verse, Hope you all enjoyed the summer. Good luck in school this fall!
What's up how's everything going
Good morning all. We had a VERY successful trip downunder. FEG has a nice foothold there now...
it's the OG Labor Day. Don't be an unhappy cog; assert yourself on the job. If your boss is abusive, today's the day to tell HR.
will be @ the 8.30pm tonight w/ + more! #SoldOut but tix maybe given out at the door
Couple girls ran away screaming as a foul ball dropped and landed a foot away from them. Laughs ensued.
And I'm back in the front of the front of the future when you are mentioning talent
you are a man of your word!
Just played Turn to You to my mom. is making me a better daughter.
I'm definitely planning on going. I wasn't able to get tickets today because of credit card problems. But I will be :) -g
Eyes are starting to get low. Super sleepy
lmao but I doubt that's going to happen xD
Follow me on Instagram>>>>>>> I will follow back! RT
oh! it's a long way to go!
Toronto as a whole is awesome. Great show, great town, great people. Chi-Tels in Ottawa tonight. Let's have some god damn fun!
Lessons from the NFL Draft: What the experts consider the best "players" may not necessarily be the best fit for your team.
“: On the way to DENVER!!!” find for that fire
Congrats buddy! Can't wait to hear what your first week is like.
come for nails?? I just left the salon
“If your ship doesn’t come in, swim out to meet it!” —Jonathan Winters
ha. Fact. My life today.
Ugh. very very very very upset right now.
J is watching the #oscars pre show with me. He really doesn't know celeb trivia.
well this won't be "the year" again. But will it be THE YEAR?
You can tell a lot about a person from the shoes they wear.
Traditionally, you put a home button and logo linking back to the home page. Just assume people are dumb.
soo nervous need these tickets!<3
There's something quite satisfying about having your birthday fall on #FatTuesday. Woo hoo. Party is on!
when will I learn to heed this advice? I've only tried to do so 7,000 times
Watch out for Gene Simmons!
haha same! I still have that awkward sunburn line on the inside of my legs.. My arms and face hurt and my nose might peel!!
Got in a workout then pool time this morning. I was a basket of Ed Hardy shirts short of living the GTL lifestyle.
What a fantastic job the Prime minister of Norway is doing to comfort his people!
TGIF ,so ready for the weekend
I'm so happy Paul won top chef!
Lattes after 4 --> workouts after midnight.
After voting 2make sure millionaires&billionaires don't pay fair tax rates,GOP are threatening 2block 2keep student loan rates from doubling
Run around Lake Calhoun in 75 degree weather = FACE FULL OF MAYFLIES. That's what the picturesque looks like, people.
Hah so true.. Amazing how apple is making suckers out of us
dude you're a philosopher
Pull, pull, pull that weight like a pro athlete. So you start to amass upper body strength and become lighter on your feet.
I wish I had a coach like you with "in-your-face" motivation and whip cracking abilities. ;)
you too!
I'm physically exhausted.
Does Teen Wolf come on anymore? If so, what channel???? Somebody plzzz tell me!!!
I know. The Cardinals bring out the worst in me
We are about to do the ribbon cutting at the Howard Theatre!!!
please stop thinking you know what love is and u dont .
Film History has just been re-written! Apparently the boss never saw Ambersons.
p.s. great blog/website.. looking forward to reading more of your posts!
Finished blog highlighting 7 major differences btw/ methylphenidate (Ritalin, Concerta, Metadate) and cocaine. Should be comforting to some!
A kid just walked by me with a chicken on his head. Now why would that be?
I hate the wave along with the drunk idiots who try to always start one!
great, I'm really glad to hear it.
Appreciating a storm is the best trick of all.
The Two Main Ppl That Are Close To Janet, &The Only Ppl Us Janet Fans Have On Twitter, NEVER Seem 2Respond 2Our Messages Nor Tweets Ugh Why?
watching the clock at work
Over 5 new websites launching in the next month. Talk about starting the new year off right!!
Happy Mothers Day Angie Simpson! <3
how was the half marathon?
Yeah, I'm taking the day off work and going, may even buy a one day badge and hit the convention floor.
:) RT : Goodnight From Australia c:
do you tweet about anything besides sports? If you weren't one of my friends I'd unfollow you.
Just launched our new Car Accident Help App! FREE for iPhone & Android. More info to come...
I actually think it makes you happy.
I wish mr. Effinger would update PowerSchool every now and then so I don't have to stare at a C+ for AP chem.
That was one of the BEST episodes ever!!!!! CupidMe! LOL
Them Heat boys might hav a problem without Bosh....everybody was takin him for granted
2012 is here! Nothing but greatness in the near future. Salient Success Marketing.
I been good...when u coming to Omaha?
Jason Statham still on the run - The Province
what are these tacos you speak of and where are they?
If you're not supposed to abuse cough syrup then why does it come with a little plastic shot glass?
Getting ready for Toddler Time. 10:30am! Stay warm today!!
mz shakarah spoken is about to get cussed out or something
Marquette can either have a tough or easy road with this 3 seed.... Depends on which team shows up
thank you for having an amazing site. I'm now a daily reader absolutely!
Thanks for the follow
It was fantastic! Been meaning to get up there. And the drinks! Lawdy, the drinks.
I get so high I touch the sky till I can't even function.
lmfaooo! Omg aileen, your too much!
Potential sites for Pac12 tourney more exciting than this? Venice Beach courts, South Eugene (OR) HS Purple Pit, Golden Nugget Casino(Reno)
i tried that and sun tan city. But i need to try other places on the strip too
but the weather was so bipolar today.
Golf tomorrow?
#rockstarteacher graciously chucks sweat-soaked brown paper towels to adoring students. Melee breaks out in front row.
What's with and that avitar? They definitely need some kind of upgrade. Ugly is not the new black.
if you put a sticker on there let me know how it holds up to the water
and amare HAS TO cut his hair ..... Just HAS TO
The Discipline Review Committee recommended that the university change its standard of proof to "clear and convincing evidence" today.
Random f-train passenger scent of the day: play-doh.
SHAMELESS!!! WOO-HOO!!!!
Sure, I see where you were going with it, Twitter's nature is putting urself out there,but for an introvert it's easier 2 tweet!
Sometimes you have to #declutter your life of a negative relationship or a unnecessary responsibility to make room for new opportunities.
RT : is getting ready to record on today.
A lazy assumption, same with social media use. RT : Why does everyone assume I as a patient have a smartphone.
Everything comes slowly, nothing ever is instant, this isn't google.
totally unimpressed with your new panel and the result will be plummeting ratings. You're not the View
liking the jesus reference, totes agree hahahah
#WhenTheBossIsAway follow yer inner scraps. scraps will never let u down.
Although the seminar schedule is tight, I was able to wander through Times Square after the evening session. Great energy here!
Jesus' heart breaks the poor and my desire is to do what I can to imitate Him.
Slept in today, so I'm rested up for the big furniture move tomorrow! Last step before working for myself full time, can't wait to be done.
Some people r as likeable as hot asphalt!
That was bull shit
Somebody placed a walnut on my desk. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Just had my second meal of the day, starving! Ah, Made the best pasta & salad EVER! Either I haven't eaten since 7am or I seriously did aha!
pretty awesome. realizing i'll use like 1% of the features.
for real? I'm deff gonna be there then!
We All Want Love <U+2665>
I'll be back in a little. Time to start my homework!! :) x
First day back at school, ugh
Government needs to get off of people's backs and into their bedrooms.
Wait, Beyonce named her baby Blue? You'd think such a smart and successful couple could come up with something less primary. Like Cyan.
Can somebody change North Korea's status to "It's complicated."
Please Follow Me <U+2665> :)
put ur hands on my body
DJ JAYHOOD will be at the BUNNY BASH at Club 212 over SPRING BREAK!!!!
Thunderstorms! :D
The loudest fucking thunder made me scream
My sentiments exactly! Those Goo-Goos never gave your poor mayor a break!
Get over your fears and doubts and make the impossible possible this week.
thanks man. Just feel lost.
Need a great gift this season? How about giving the gift of a fresh paint job in a room. We sell gift certificates for your convenience.
Hey twitterverse- send me your favorite love song lyrics (short, please) for an art project. Smthng like "i wanna rock your gypsy soul"
Thank you mom for giving up so much just so you could raise me the right way. I will never be able to thank you enough for that. <U+2665>
You're my hero, Keebler.
so damn bored lol
Wow today seems like it was one big blur but cpope chillin off that high life
with what job? Hahahaha
Wow...new seats on BART. My life is complete.
plus Jordan is long retired so who cares
hardee's probably :/ haha my old job
Ha. Officer Kendricks on the front page
What are you reading these days?
Just me in the house no lights on & something is crawling up my leg! Scared @ First I froze then I reached down & grabbed a fast moving.....
; There Are 7 Of Us & 8 Of Them , So It's Not Gonna Work Out : )
salmon and a lot of veggies! ... or perhaps some cornfed, Nebraska beef
SHOULD I RT MYSELF JUST TOLD YALL ITS ONLY A MATTER OF TIME B4 OKC TAKEOFF
Everyone should pick up the new album today! Its honestly worth buying a copy. One of the best albums out right now!
My mom thinks I'm kidding about being claustrophobic..
At times, u lash out at like he's The Miz
My son is doing so good at school i am so proud of him...keep up the good work son..
Work cut out for us here
Love is simply another word for God, and God is simply another word for love.
I didn't think you could top the first title, but you did. Kudos.
way to be all depressing
"Our greatest trials and tribulations produce the greatest happiness" --Zig Ziglar
HELL YEAH!!
Movie night!!!<U+E03D> Captain america! <U+E50C>
Yay!! Now you can sing along with us at our shows! :D
Yeah, super ignorant comment - some people have nothing better to do. Sorry :/
A full walk through before making any decisions.
RT : Just because I want something, doesn't mean I need it. There's a difference.
#SomeWhereOutThere is a thief who just got caught and beat down like Ice Cube & Smokey did the garbage can bandit on Friday.
nice! Talk to my side :D or email me Bro!
Fuck no that butcher ass girl
The best reason for having dreams is that in dreams no reasons are necessary.
The Creature Comforts are warming up and about to rock your faces off!
he's eating tommy's. Mike graduates in June, from there who knows! Move to the bus, he needs a friend.
That last retweet was so true glad it came from a female perspective
nobody is ready for that!!!
We think the Boys will make a fine addition to the initiative and would most certainly not dissapoint! #AvengersAssemble !
wish I knew what you were watching... Arturo was a great man!
Facebook 101: Run simple, fun engagement campaigns that get fans "talking" - CMO at Offerpop
Over? Beg to differ. How many times has Skip Bayess been wrong? Mike Wilbon? Colin Cowherd? List goes on
Hi there __mariajuanna
A record one in seven Americans relied on government food stamps to help feed themselves in 2010 (USDA)
Waiting in the car an hour early. Story of my life.
RT AlecMcV Drinking my money away. That didn't take that much time. Time's all I've got right now. Time is not on my side.
Baking cookies, catching up on the Daily Show. I love Sundays.
Bands that I'm "supposed to" like but don't. At all. Played out and unemotional.
cheer up !
Im so excited for spring!! I just got so much floral! btw H&M scarves are cheap! :)
are we going to be seeing you downtown this weekend?
Thanks to the lord that we are cut from the same cloth on that one. lol
UFC tomorrow night! drawing for a trip to ufc fight in New Orleans. All expenses! get here early!
i need this every minute of every day
They lovin the crew.
He goes around to sold-out arenas full of screaming debtors and offers financial advice. He once went bankrupt himself.
left her capris at my house. hope she doesn't mind that I'm wearin them today. (;
todays gonna stink. i already know it. and so is tomorrow.
Every customer interaction makes that customer more or less engaged, so don't just recycle content on every platform and channel.
john cena is the best no one in the wwe can see him
damn. Thats wierd. Lol idunno y but every time i see yo twitter it keeps unfollowin u then i keep followin u
2 guys behind me, first guy "it smells like someone farted. Second guy "yeah it smells like asparagus" only
nmh pa just recording our artist
man if u don't throw some REG in that joint
My hawks take game one, can't let up tho. I hope ray Allen doesn't come walking through the door
Fine! As the ocean said to the dirt, I appreciate the sediment.
Looking forward to supercharging our PR w/
Hey to all my followers. I want to thank you and I will be hopefully bringing you some inspirational words from God's Word and be a blessing
Do you know how I can get the most recent percentages of foreign born nationals of different countries worldwide? Many thanks
Financial Pressures Constrain State and Local Government Hiring: Study Shows Layoffs Have Slowed but Pay Freezes and ...
Raspberries r the highest fiber fruit of the summer. Add some to your cereal or yogurt
Love my job. Thanks.
hey a jobs a job. Besides full time job in the LIS field = fucking boss. Congrats!
Do you like a Bloody Mary on the weekends? Stop in at the Space Room for BM specials sat and sun
Feel free to tweet #kony2012 and get that to trend again ;) Maybe make a #1Dtostopkony trend or something!
"Jealousy is when you count someone else’s blessings instead of yours". Be thankful for what you have.
Oh shit I see what you did there!
L-O-V-E is just another word I never learned how to pronounce!
I wonder if me & still working out today?
I know. It started out good.
I am interested in one of your tickets? Anything I could trade with you? Please consider if you don't get any monetary offers.
did slideshare take down the "you suck at powerpoint" presentation? the link is no longer working:( very sad!
Meeting up with my editor. Excited to see clips from Rosehaven Production's upcoming film, 'Fair Play'. Trailer coming soon!!!
Thursday Tweetcast: Not much sun today: cloudy & warm with a high in the upper 70s to near 80. Rain on the way late tonight/tomorrow.
That jacket is fresh.
All this bunny imagery makes me think of, "Cook! Cook! Where's my hasenpfeffer?"
Possibly your probably thinking this type of swag is impossible
CORRECTION didn't say she supported putting CPR on the ballot @ council No one asked so she never made a decision either way
I am on Microsoft platform and Hotmail is the one that crashes the most because of stupid Silver Light. Shame on you Microsoft; dumb giant!
#SOTU Richard Cordray from Ohio will keep watch over over the consumer protection agency. No more hiding.
And the voice in your speaker right now that's me.
badassssssss what're you doing out there?
It's almost #HappyHour! Make it even happier with a $1 drink. ;-)
That awkward eye contact I make with my teacher while trying to cheat on a test."
forcing laughter, faking smiles.
// We are excited!
So anyone doing anything not Mom related Sunday? I need to be distracted so I don't spend all day depressed in bed
$0.99 nail polish from #Walgreens is the best! I love this color nirvana
Rihanna laughed at &#39;Battleship&#39;
How are the paintings going these days? Any shows coming up?
If there are, bring them down to the #confab12 tweet-up at Barrio's (about 3 blocks north).
lol it still dark :P
I just tweeted about not getting any txt now my phone is gettig flooded with txts
Its decided. Going to see Trampled By Turtles on Friday! Been trying to catch them awhile!
Hey I am sorry it took me so long! Will be directing something in the spring!
Huntersville in a neighborhood named "Wynfield" :) its established, mature trees, young fams, close to lake & shopping!
Thanks! You should join. Our meetings are held at the Nat'l Archives in Morrow.
I will meet people on the State St steps at 5 PM. I will start painting then and anyway can join me between five and 7:30 PM.
#FF some great bearding groups:
The money is the motive
Ok. Stay blessed!:)
Ronny Turiaf looking like a homeless man off the streets we just got on the team roster
I just ate taco bell for lunch :-(
So nice outside!
i'm disappointed :/ i was excited, but you gotta do what you gotta do when it comes down to it
Some types of hair loss may be temporary and reversible with proper diet, nutrition and supplements
between snooki's pregnancy & USA's victory, it was not a good day for us eye-talians. i embraced italian losses with a peroni
RT : Tonight 7PM ET on : 21 Jump Street's in studio! Plus, the best app for this St Paddy's Day pub-crawl !
Last night I saw a pile of nachos as big as a watermelon sliced length-wise & turned upside-down. They love their Mexican-ish food in Omaha!
ill dance jus not rite now
Just finished a LONG day of working & by far my fav thing to do is scroll entirely through Instagram, so I don't miss any photos. Nerd alert
Who else headed to the to watch the tonight? I'll be there.
Police: NFL Legend and fmr Miami Dolphin Junior Seau found dead at California home
headed to #xdlab now and I'm glad they are showing a movie 'cause I've been up since 3:30am - Nap time :) j/k
the elevator idea!
Wisconsin cuts a pretty sweet deal... Home again, home again, jiggity jig!
Real Live Preacher~ When you really trust someone you have to be okay with not understanding some things.
ugh i know i feel so special too!!
Live Life Reckless
Soo bored. Somebody please tweet me
How's the tweeting going Adream?!
Pro fisherman need to keep it reel
Starting the two-week break before my next class starts! Intellecual Property Law litigation!
Ahh cheer practice always leaves me tiredd!:/
Can't wait to shoot this new blast out!!!!
Do either of you know of any other athletes I can incessantly beg to get #SB4y tickets? I am so deserving
totally, and a refreshing change of pace after rage a holic riley
It's 7 min & weaker track except for last stanza. RT : why would you want to skip to the end?
Twiturm.com - F.O.E DA CLIQUE - DIS IS THE LIFE FROM THE FORTH COMING MIXTAPE twiturm.com/i9uo5
btw, my names sharae, u should come play in Oahu Hawaii! Ill come!
HES GOT THE HAMMER AGAIN YA BITCH
Have you seen the new addition to the Janie and Jack baby boy line??? So many cute things.
Busy Sat.! Seeing then headed to Big Wang's to watch #UVa whip up on the Auburn Tigers in the Chick-Fil-A Bowl! Let's go Hoos!
i'm sure we did. enjoyed reading your interview. (though i finish reading every book i start.)
If you're interested having me teach a class at your institution (in-person or online), email me:
me and are watching it today...can't wait...
I have been mad busy lately...and it doesn't look like I will be slowing down...I hope that is a positive thing lol wbu?
lol, thanks bro. Yep Laala is my sister! wish I could make the writing event on saturday- pls take notes for us!
This resteraunt is strange.
To support HBOs move into non-vampire, non-werewolf, non-dragon, non-Tyrion programming, I'm watching an episode of
Any specific focus for the charity?
That place looks like a 24/7 Gay Pride parade, not that there's anything wrong with that.
#whatihate when all girls do is complain how fat or ugly they are, when they have a beautiful body and gorgeous
There's a girl who works there named Sheila, she's dating Sherri's son/Mara's brother (the host of the shower today) Say hi :)
Thanks@ It is coming back. I just want to find 1 more, so I can finish!
Meghan McCain Says the Obamas Deserve an “Emoticon” of Privacy [VIDEO] -
Try it after a 6-pack? “: Ever walk up a hill backwards? Crazy feeling of falling without falling. Try it.”
stuff is amazing there
We also officially have a hashtag for everyone to use - are you ready? It's #MDFF12! *kermitflail*
Thanks for checking it out! We hope you like it - what did you think?
Just picked up the graphic novel Photographer abt Lefevre's exp in afghanistan in 1986 with Doctors w/o Borders from Arlington Library
The single most important measure of success is to develop an unwavering motivation.
#world follow up ?
R u my friend or u trying to bring me down Idc if u bring me down I build myself up stronger
Don't even have to ask homie Im there #historical RT : WHO is coming to see ME & KiD CuDi perform on the #CUDLIFETOUR ???
Don't let someone who gave up on their dreams talk you out of going after yours. #lifequotes (source unknown)
Awaiting a proposal (and no, not the wedding type :)) - Happy Friday everyone!
RT : Settling for less than we deserve is so 2010
Giving getting head
I was watching that do and it was incredibly awkward!! Can you imagine having to relive that moment on tv!?
Awesome. Glad you liked it! And thank you for sharing, appreciated!
I think I eat and drive more than I text and drive
You should make your 2012 trip to our event!
All that bullshit ..
You didn't need to have such a great game vs the Bengals. U needed to do bad so the Steelers would have taken the north..LOL
i love it! waves to you through the gray from #westseattle whilst drinking tea instead of coffee
Cousin! Best twitter suggested follow ever. :)
my sincerest apologies for cutting you off this morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I know beach :)
"If by "lady" you mean "pirate", then yes baby, that's you."-
#WhatIMissMost is being a lil' kid!
thanks for the add & ! much love :)
moved my workspace and it smells like diapers down here
Why are you so perfect
Imagine, that Austin teach you how to dougie <U+2665>_<U+2665>
better yet, have sing at your wedding :)
Outer beauty attracts, but inner beauty captivates. ~Kate Angell
#ronpaul is the guy to get real change in Washington
Great! Where do you want to go? RT : I have got to study abroad!!
About to eat my first , lunch special. What's your fav deep dish pizza place?
Is FREAKING BLIND -_______-
RT : tonight was fun.
no guy that likes a girl who's perfect.
is following me on I feel so special
Again Joanna blogged internal dissension
What did you think
was goody bro
Me too! RT : Im an adult who still wakes up, thinks my hair is too long, and proceeds to cut it with a pair of dull scissors.
... well, we've been admonished to live in the present, haven't we!
Thnx for the follow. WE're following you here & WE'll check u out on linkedin.
my ex and I was chillin for a bit after school and he tried kissing me a few times, i didnt really want him
They just played the pledge of allegiance on the radio. I didn't know that was in the top ten
Let me find out ppl fskw . Thats Y U MAD ? Aha shame on yu "/
you're not shedding pounds by walking everywhere in the city?
thank you
Thanks! Just 3 more to go!! (Including Easter Sunday, the thought of which brings on pangs of anxiety!)
Susan Boyle is a great example for your kids - do not let differences or disabilities stop you from pursuing your dream!
I will keep that date Clear.
Glad our CEO is from Boston!
#check « huh if ur gonna tweet dnt take all day lol»
it's weird.
#WordPress #Tools Alexa Rank – Display your Alexa rank with pride.
Omg its raining hard nd I got to get of da bus noo take me bac home
With the homie Edgar in class
Ha! Fuck, that tops them all. Signing off of Twitter for good. I got what I came for. Thank you, sir.
Done. Thanks!
your a mess lol
He's pissing me off
yeah I'm fine now, thanks!(: but when the cops came I was crying & they thought I was hurt..I was crying b/c I couldnt see 1D haha
I'm happily employed, but it seems like compiling one master list from that eleventy billion might help other librarians.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 36
Thanks, Sarah!
We'll find a way
Why are these seats so comfortable. I don't wanna sleep during avengers. D:
You are tireless! Appreciated! :)
Ha! RT : Halitosis Is Very deadly..
Our Homework Help has been cancelled for the day. Apologies for the inconvenience!
Of Course! Love what you guys are up to!
how do you know xx
Shout-out to our latest kickin' country music station follower, KISS Country!
Every time I hear that song I go back<33
because it would be intimadating i guess... like id rite anything mean on it to you, but still
": I need all the hood shiiiiiiit!!!!! 3TIMEZ"=it's on
In the office for first time in 10 days. Between council, lita board, horizon retreat, & nephews birthday weekend-it feels like years.
Landed - let the C19ing start!!
Being in a relation/ is nice to share & be loved but u must admit when u r single is awesome just to be careless & do w/ u want no worries
Yes! That's more like it...
Snap a picture for us Edgar!
Hurray, Hurray...It's the 1st of May..,AM work-outs start today!
Today is the Twilight's first Softball Team meeting. Starts at 6 at Twilight if you'd like to play! It's co-ed so the ladies are welcome!
Chalking this one up as a #WIN. :)
Saddened to hear of the death of composer Milton Babbitt. I heard he loved baseball.
Oh, you saw the review! Good! And btw, if you ever teach a conference workshop somewhere, I will travel to go. Seriously.
Happy Easter Everyone
Love what you saying here...I am a tru follower through attraction...Remembering the days of Honie Designs!
He says "hi" with a huge smile on his face!
hey didn't i tell u i can make u laugh
I realized that I feel like Cady Heron as I spend more times with girls.
happy b-day! Sounds like its a good 1! Would come meet ya, but I'm in my pjs already! Merry christmas!
who wrote this script? "adele: welcome back!" ? and this is the first (and only?) time paul will be referred to as an og
Can't think of a WORSE acronym than ABNOAEBOR... We should probably just stick to RABBITS.
We've launched 5 websites in the past 2 weeks, including MidwestProducts.com and EliteAestheticsSpa.com. Stay tuned for more.
probably not till producers stop picking the camera ;-)
Learn to mute your farts. It can only help you josh dachs
“: Montana always #1” - um what about Elway?
14°degrees here in michigan... Oh how I miss california :(
I won't follow U UNLESS U have a description of yrself on yr profile. Don't think for a min that I'll follow any1. Im NOT that stupid...
aw idk either ignore that :D
those kinds of guys are perfect
Dear man in the car picking his nose Please realize that just because you are in your car doesn’t mean that you are hidden from the world
Love Support!!!
Don't forget tomorrow is Sausagefest at 5 outside Valhalla with free drinks and food! Great beer and sausage, come one come all!
Wow, thanks for the RT!
I can't stop laughing :')
shout out to my newest follower Thanks for following! :D
Just six more day until my birthday........
I understand the frustrations, but on a day to day basis our work reflects a real access for community voice
when you figure out which spot is best let me know lol
Check our Likes, they are still under 100! Get in line now for thee biggest event to go down live on facebook!
SHOUT OUT TO THEM!!
Did the sales report come out? My frd who worked the auction last night said the buyer was on the phone so she couldn't tell...
Eh, probably not. I'll email you so we can coordinate another time.
WHATTTTUUUUPPP TWITTER <U+2665> I'M BACK :D FIRST OF ALL : PLEASE FOLLOW THEM THEY WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK ! Thanks <U+2665>
I linked the image so that when you update my tweet would always refer to the correct comic - most of my followers are...
The concept of tattoo's are to be found very helpful. They serve as excellent warning labels. QUOTE BY MY WISE OLDER BROTHER.
then I will be able to Come down and visit
IK SHE JUST GOT SMART WITH ME IM SO SICK OF HER GUSSE WAT SHE TOLD MY TWIN LAST WEEK
I am told we'll be getting something like that in March. Also, that we will soon be getting laptops for inhouse use
I JUST CAN'T :\
WHAT WAR ON WOMEN? "GOP Plans To Dramatically Scale Back Protections For Abused Women"
Thanks! If anyone wants more info let us know! RT I just plugged you in my Spanish class while presenting on Costa Rica
Went to the dentist today but given how many children there were, it felt like I was visiting my pediatrician.
done:) thanks for the follow btw<3
Time to go from being the World's Greatest Dad & Husband to World's Greatest Whatever The Hell It Is I Do For A Living. Or Something.
I KNoee Causee I Be BOred
All this rain is keeping us OFF THE ROOF!
aww thank you do much! (:
Everytime!!!! Nd when we got done bytches was hating heavy!
Tavis and CW.*shaking head* Are we going to have to call the Drop Squad?:)
Just walked by someone's office and saw that they are eating 2 bags of Olive Garden breadsticks for lunch... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I may live in Nashville but I still #BLEEDBLUE! would be proud rocked my #STLBLUES hoodie 2 the PREDS game last night!!
I'll try to swing by tonight. anyone else?
Just finished soundcheck at Mercury Lounge and really looking forward to tonight's show. Starts at 730p, so come on out, NYC!
if you follow me I could DM you with more information about ThingLink
#Frozen Planet!
yup you are!
I think it was one of the cutest games of all time. You want cute? Look to that game and my good friend Cute!!
Caps without a doubt.
qq I hate school
I'm being super lazy about writing this game recap. :|
oh no! What happened?
Happy birthday to ! Go get them. #catchup and everyone should go follow him.
Regardless of what your political views are, I have never in my lifetime seen such disrespect to a 1st Lady and continue to sexualize her.
I'm sad to be leaving New Delhi today, but it'll be good to get home to NY. Had a TOTALLY AWESOME time in India for last 2 weeks!
Yes, definitely. Would love to!
Your welcome!(; Ahaha took you forever to figure out what it meant
I so wish it was a movie :) I totally relate to her...in body and soul.
Thanks for the review, John. How was the food?
Ehh, would be difficult for me even. If I was going, I could try something, but committed to birthday plans with the wife :)
You didn't get 100 likes in your picture because your pretty it's because your clothes are made for a 3 year old
Today: Read the most popular books first, or you may not have a chance to read them all.
Decent half time show...was somewhat entertained. Didn't care for Madonna's new song. Nothing like the classics.
Good race Jeff!! Not bad!! 8th place!!
I don't know about you...but I NEED THAT KOHLER SHOWER they just showed on the GRAMMYS
I'm so proud to not have voted for the 1st #Marxist #President of these United States & I'll be equally proud to correct #History / RT=agree
Davis: Carceral (sp?) technologies are part of everyday life in Palestine.
New rule: if #spurs play during the day, I get off of work.
Yeah I know. Not sure what happened. Are you back in j-town?
You gon' slip n' fall my boy.
Attending #Gov2.0 in D.C. be sure and visit Open Source for America.org table. #OSA Many of the Steering/Board will be there.
that's where we'll go :-)
Curious about the pending impact of the slashing of the federal graduate student loan program? It was a GOP demand last year.
i miss you too /: how has your artwork been? its been forever since ive seen it.
RT : will get his due in pre-draft talk. He's a legit 1st rounder.
Such great sponsors we have!
I'm serious, do not dislocate your kneecap because it will still be hurting even 4 weeks later.
Proud of Obama. This is huge!
[With SignUpGenius,] I have become much more organized, and have saved a lot of paper in the process! ~Teri Hartman, Youth Director, Texas
what the hell was Al thinking?
Sad to hear about the death of Adam "MCA" Yauch at 47. I wore out my "Licensed to Ill" tape when I was a kid. Long live the Beasties
Plan to do something out of the ordinary today?! Share your ideas!
One last essay that I'll put off until the last night at midnight and I'm done!
follow back pls ?:)
man u kno I can't go long without u
Quote of the day: "If you plan to get somewhere, don't follow others. Make your own path."
good! A testament to the hard work that they do and the teacher(s) that lead them!
Lots to do today before I (finally) get to see the Avengers! Yay!
For every disciplined effort there is a multiple reward
Q&A at the Fast Funny Passionate session has been hilarious. Humor in the early morning is an acquired skill.
A company can sponsor an entire university getting access to the FT for one year and brand themselves to those students every day!
Your nice xP (sarcasm)
Thank you for being a valued customer! Looking forward to watching this partnership grow.
you will be missed</3
Finally Friday - have a great weekend!
yes, i think i might. is "Blood's a Rover" part of a trilogy?
Thanks for following!!! Hope you enjoyed the shout out in the social media presentation.
knock it off with the Jarrod Uthoff nonsense, he's not the Carson Palmer of NCAABB
Remember to try BURBANK Airport! #NASASocial, up to (45 miles closer to RT!
it feels.like forever
how's it going, punk?
I've seriously been looking like a monster all week.
haha... My checking account and I keep forgetting about that haha... Don't worry, I'm home now lol
Hey man, you know where the sample line is?
thanks for following
you should not enter that giveaway I just tweeted about. Because clearly if you enter you kill my chances. MUST WIN!
Kathy Lee is wildly inappropriate.
congrats on the tix! Have fun at the show tomorrow!
We Can Game Review/walkthrough/General Gaming site.
as long as its up tonight im good
<--Just got owned. RT Maybe if you guys stopped smoking so much weed, you wouldn't be tired and yawning all the time! ;)
my schedule is almost always flexible though!
Safer where you are my dear!!
Funny lyrics- Jimmy Pop- So put your hands down my pants and I'll bet you feel nuts
White preachers will fuck your son. Black preachers will fuck your wife. Which would you rather attend?
there was too many people in the castle. So somebody had to go. We took a vote and she lost so I kicked her off lol
First season of JShore is the best season.
Sweet, yes we are very happy to have join us !
My first channel change of the night...
went to Greeny's Dad's bookstore in NYC. Cool find of a cool place.
Did you know? Never, ever mix bleach with ammonia or vinegar! This combination is disastrous in any situation when trying to get rid of mold
Oakland #Raiders Darrius Heyward-Bey of charged with drunken driving
All of the gift cards have been found! THANK YOU to all those who participated!
thanks Sir! I'm sure the video work is gonna be just as captivating! Great night bro!
Katie was thrilled to see Bonnie today at the concert!
There are 2 authorities when it comes to high security locks: 
Want a faster morning wake-up than coffee? Put new batteries in your toothbrush...
Hm I Havent Bothered You In A While..... Im Slacking 0_o
sure not a morning for riding huh?
Taking nominations for favorite things to do in Boston. Never been, but heading there soon. Suggestions?
- can't decide if the new Kanye song is incredible or incredibly terrible. Thoughts?
Fearless is having fears. Fearless is having doubts-Lots of them. To me, Fearless is living in spite of those things scare you to death.
I wish the whole world would love Nicki Minaj.
heading home. Seems like this day was weeks and weeks long.
how are you feeling? Miss you guys.
Wasnt the Jawbone a historic FAIL? Looking forward to the Fuelband though. Early reviews are promising.
: Probably should have ;) Hahaha, yes I believe I was.
good morning! Lol
Sad leaving Indiana.
I think Matthew Fox is the voice on the phone giving mission orders in Ghost Protocol.
I can't say I'm surprised. : #JenniferHudson family murder trial update: Judge says no more cell phones in court starting tomorrow.
I'm in the same city. Can we meet and explore your new discoveries together?
Tonight We Party Inside Broadway Bar... Team Wasted, BG, Texas Toy Audio Vj Mystik We All Get you Wild and Wasted
Doing GREAT here :) Beautiful morning, indeed. How are you?
She wants diamonds, she wants gold But she's scared to let you get too close And she's been high and she's been low
Idk. Lol we need to chill like old times I dnt c u no more :(
You got a compliment on your outfit, nice! I'm a fan of the solid colors too.
If you want me, just tell me! Don't play mind games like a little boy!
who c:
. I wasz about to! Stupid att said mid outdoors was on, gotta hear stacey!!! Good heads up!
When asked "when do we celebrate Polish Day", my Irish better half says: Every day is Polish Day!". So, Happy #St Patrick's Day, all!
U know what I'll take that half! Gotta be better to finish it tho!
Excellent! Wouldn't be the same without you! Doors open at 7pm and then we toast to nerdery!
And we are out of there good bye Iraq!
Thanks for the RT. Like me, are you also a jewelry fan?
hahaha I apologize, i just wanted to contribute :(
heosat They are also credited with inventing water
We are turning 40, very soon.
Haha same here. Made for a great Sunday.
Nice! Did he call you little Jimmy?
Paul is everone's friend. Santorum by coming in last, Romney by taking tea party votes, Newt by not letting romney run away
Lol I'm gonna call you after school !
...They say the earth is dying I hear her voice But still I make a choice to stay
we have been waiting all winter for the Brewer's!
it wasn't Hughes, why is Raul in the field? Swisher should be in Right!
Proud to have studied under Mr Colson as a Centurion in 2010 & on staff at Prison Fellowship since 2011. You will be missed.
Avg response times increased by 1 min 3 sec since Huron Road Hospital closed.
Hey! I heard your a wild one(:
Like I said #ALCS sat nite #BRONX #FOXtv Tune in C.J. vs. CC
Excited abt the red carpet makeup at the oscars this weekend. Can't wait to see what everyone's wearing!
Happy mothers day to all of you wonderful moms out there!
Full band at Tin Can Ale House on Nov. 8th @ 10:00!
So the NBA suspends World Peace. There's an awkward headline.
I wonder if my post-surgery liquid diet has now given way to my recent gluttony.
Subjectivity is fashion's gift and its curse.
Was @ Myron Golden's Six Figure Business School all day event. Man was that eye opening! if you get a chance - GO!
awww! Right?! Seriously. Heart u Christina :)
Some people talk too slowly.
There are noises coming from inside my walls. Pretty sure there's a critter in there. No bueno.
Time for #chipotle with and
“: Prolly not, idiot. RT you may want to shut up now. #wiunion” talk all you want: Milwaukee FBI probe a fact.
Working @ home this AM waiting 4 an electrician. Being SO productive.Makes me wanna break things in my home 2 justify doing this more often.
lol dude is ready to LIE!
Ok if i get one more phone call from a Ravens fan crying im going to scream!!!!!
Notably tried the 'Elvis' at earlier this afternoon. Delicious
dear twitter do not know why but I'm tired I leave for about 2 years and then ritornoi and I want to see more than 1,000,000 followers
Try McD's New Premium Chicken Sandwiches. You won't be dissatisfied!
Our gas price expert tells Consumer Bob to expect a "superspike" in prices. Up 20 cents in the next 72 hours.
Ice cream or Pizza?
Random Guy behind me at stop light gave me guns up
thanks for the mention! see you at #tasteofdc !
Cant wait for our jazz set at the W!
there she goes again
I love this!
Keep increasing it until tickets subside? :)
Come by and visit us at the Franchise and Business Opportunities Expo in Charlotte, NC January 29th &30th. Booth number 202 ! For free ad…
Hope everyone is enjoying their week!!!
I won't #crazyturnon Ima get more but I'm very picky. I'm looking for a steady artist to the rest
I would imagine they do. All kinds of food secrets in commercials!
still sick ><
sorry...got busy and missed this. My kids get every damn break under the sun
You dont look cute in your 3 sizes too small aeropostale tshirt.!
Leap to cover 25M people with LTE by the end of 2012 Cricket provider Leap Wireless ( NASDAQ:LEAP ) said it will launch an LTE trial mark
ugh i need to sleep but I have INTERNET CONNECTION
um a couple months ago I did.
Staying at the Marriott in Minneapolis. This is the slowest internet connection of any hotel I've frequented. Yuck!
I think I heard my name... :P
FREEEEEEEDOOOOOOOM ! Glad to hear your out, enjoy yourself, eat all the stuff you wish you had, and ready to say Go Pack Go !!!
CRUNCH week...hello coffee
I miss your show D: when will another season start?(:
I'm always getting coupons so might as well start stocking up. <U+263A>
OMGASHH it let me see it!!! its adorable :)) love it!!! wish i could meet him!
Whoa, that was Julia Ormond as Marie? I remember when she was the 90s 'It Girl' and then-boom, disappeared.
You make the center hold.
Day 17 in Kenya for Get Together Girls The Documentary!
three hours of sleep and still no nap?
Okay, it's Monday....what's your self-defeating behavior? What are you allowing to get in your way? Fight it! Push ahead!
Awesome, will do my research. Thanks! Also, nice to meet u, Brian!
You cant judge nobody,cause nobody perfect !.
People are getting crazier and crazier everyday O.o
stemless glassware? not a fan. Warms the wine in glass, gets lots of icky smudges when eating finger foods. is that enough?
It's so boring now.
:Proud to have you as a Part of the Steeler nation,feel the Love Alameda.God Bless you.As you start Rookie camp
Hittin the gym
whoa! I LOVE THE MUSIC VID WID it rocks! Tweet or follow plz! <3 U BOTH!
Got my Google Wave invitation at last! Anyone else using it?
Texas recovers fumble by Cal at the Bears' 19 and comes away with 0 pts as Justin Tucker, usually automatic, misses FG left from 38 yds.
Hahaha!!RT : If Blue Ivy comes out during this halftime show, I'm outta here.
great to see you too! So happy to have you on Ann's side.
Thanks for the follow back!
Oh = Just Stop talking to me. K = Im done talking. Whatever = F*ck you. Fine = F*ck it. I guess = I dont really give a f*ck.
Free champagne whil fake shopping for wedding rings. Amazing.
does this mean you'll be around in the afternoon sometime this week to catch up??
Strange goings on in the 19th floor bathroom at work.
Adam Richman always sounds like he's shouting at his TV audience from across a large noisy bar. Annoying. Pass the remote please...
It blows alright.
VOLLEYBALL: Seckman finds groove, sweeps Parkway North
Brewing up some new ideas and a truly unique value proposition to an old business model.
Charity is injurious unless it helps the recipient to become independent of it.
Awww I got so many welcome backs at school xx I haven't been since Wednesday lol
haha understood! Be seeing you soon man
RT : "It's not #Easter till there's confetti in the toilet." Jennette Arocha
Not like found on the ground, but long forgotten and rediscovered.
Oral bacteria can contribute to dangerous obesity. J Dental Res, 88, 2009. Take control of your oral #health. Get CloSYS. www.closys.com
"Understand your power and use it wisely. Persevere. Nothing worthwhile is easy. " Obama at
naw it's on W. McNichols
Your enthusiasm for Pittsburgh convinced me to hang around and see what you might say.
thanks for the #megamillions #lottery update! I swear... It's not me :-)
Ugh guess im walking to le park next period -.-
awesome! Can't wait to see it!
I can't wait to hear new songs. <3
Nothing block and I ain't do shit this time.
No I'm happy as can be with my droid... Rooted of course. I just don't like apple
Cool, let me know what you thought :)
- Really well! In post now for a few days, then the installation will go permanently live at EVO on CapHill when they open :)
Thank you to everyone who came out to see and I, in Massachusetts and Rhode Island, this weekend. :)
Anybody else bored and hungry?
Only 34 Senators away from a constitutionalist majority. Help us get there.
Squee!!! RT : Damn, no business class upgrade... At least I'm in the aisle with empty seats next to me!
It's unlikely, unless they're wrapped up in academia. If it makes you feel better, I've also been reading Upton Sinclair.
Tryna convince my mom to let me drive her car .... Not really working out lol
this nigga aint shit,, so let me get this str8 i cant have males friends period?. but u can have all type of female friends,
Did you see The Beach Boys are on Jimmy Fallon Show tonight? I thought they were all dead
Thanks for following! Look forward to following you too! Be blessed on this Easter morning!
ANNOUNCEMENT! OPEN KEY at the BRUMDER MANSION May 20 openkeyband.com GET YOUR TICKETS paranormalcopsatbrumdermansion.eventbrite.com
The Interactive Guide is fabulous. You can do the task in Office XP or 2003 and then be shown where it is in 2010.
Attention PC users! What make/model of PC are you using? Would you recommend it or are you looking to upgrade soon?
#charlottetraffic rear end collision on eastway, westbound at intersection central. Morons refuse to move vehicles. Blocking right lane.
The Acacia Strain, The Ghost Inside, and For All Those Sleeping have all released new songs today. What do you guys think of the new music?
My new living room has a Motorcycle in it. Yes literally.
Always thought someone should start a site for that. Who sampled who.
omgg u have to watch it!! Soo many things happpend!!!
Me and jamming the fuck out in the studio
Hey Niall guess what? I love you and you should follow me :)
I am in the process of forming a school, please send me a message if you have any ideas thanks
i need a hug
Why does my twitter say I have no tweets? They must have been caught up in the
About to record a couple of merengue tracks. Hm maybe it is coming back!!!
zombies think brains with treasure are extra tasty #nomnom i think i shall wear a helmet to protect mine
Morning tweets
Do you remember when I came and saw you at the grapevine mills mall?? (: that was a fun day!!!!
Went to two good services today at Valley View and Greenwood United Baptist. The best way to get the week started!
hi c;
Sometimes I feel like your there for me when I don't need it, but when I really do need you where are you?
absolutely not! 8 is great, 9 won't be denied!
": Anyone know a website that will stream the Super Bowl & commercials for free?" <lol man get somewhere & watch a tv!
getting this music ready to hit at tomorrow night with my Good Music Ensemble.
Fewer than 50% of diabetics received an eye exam last year.
So, i'm thinking that this could be the end of me, woahhhhh.
you're RATCHET! you & your hurt butt!!
wine interruptus. I have theory on a screaming child.
I am also pro-kittens, if anyone is looking for a candidate
Just attempted to move all the TVs at Sears in 4 hours... about 1/2 successful. tired now... but work again at 2... woot!
Jamming to #SAYSOMETHIN by (: Say somethin if your feelin the vibe, Say Somethin baby dont be so shy!! <3
haha… I only watched it because she's smoking hot and southern
Looking forward to the winner of the NDSU/Wyoming game on Monday
RT : What a game. Tied...only 4 teams have ever won a playoff game with 6 fumbles and hasn't happened since 1979.
Thanks for the follow! KS Andrea
I appreciate it's transparency.They truly believe the market (giving each kid their PPE) would improve learning
TONIGHT TONIGHT TONIGHT! Start yer bids at 'The Stimulus Show' art auction/benefit 4 RAA. Find affordable art by professional artists in MKE
cool! what year was that?
Happy Easter to all.
Watching American Idol for the first time this season. Umm, who are these hacks?
Blow up doll as passenger in HOV lane is 1 thing. Cutting off state trooper to get in HOV lane, while doing previous, is another.
he knows already just waiting.
thanks & love you too :)
Good afternoon love. =) Hope you have a great day!
For the last month or so, Paypal is screwing up all the time -- for selling and buying. Anyone else having this problem?
I'm sad again:(
jealous! Have a good time
U good... Gz!! Its already done we gotta bang out!!
Joe Paterno - a great man, he was my Dad's age - The Greatest Generation - RIP Joe Pa!
lol. Careful what u wish 4. Better keep that cushy firm job.
Thanks for RT !
I'm just saying. Everybody is extrapolating.
": Wow , I hardly knew ye." Oj mayo's lookin pretty good right about now
That sucks. But now I have time to do your gift before you get back...
It's not so important who starts the game but who finishes it- John Wooden
I'm so 2-3 in this bitch
Great article on one of Program Graduates. Keep up the good work guys!
Chatter = problem and an opportunity via
When I lived in NYC I thought of it as being like Halloween or the 4th of July: a night to hide under the bed.
thats true.... But theres plenty of other people that are worth recognition too.
Strep throat!! Aww man!! I guess it's better than the
hahaha secrets are secrets for a reason.... ;)
no orton fumbled his own. Tebow had to have it knocked out by the opposition.
No, just May 3rd for May.
yeah, but still it would've been cool if you came.
xtina - please don't say "you know" again.
Please welcome Diveindeep1 to the Max life
Ur welcome...ok..
As a marketer you have the responsibility of creating a pipeline for your sales force. Good stuff from
Our Spidey Sense is tingling...feels like we'll soon be paid a visit by with some print work for
besides, isn't that what girls hate about men anyways? Men being liars and players?
How do you nicely tell some kid to stop texting you so early in the morning?
": "lolz" ... What does the "Z" stand for.. laugh out loud zebra?" ~ Lmao
If I argue with you, I give a fuck.
Excellent way to end the season...bowl or no bowl. Fight on!
You remembered?! lol You mean first a legal drink! lol
Drop it to the flo, make that ass shake.(Woah). Make the ground move, thats an ass quake! Built a house up on that ass, thats an ass state!
ya buddy
Veteran's Day! My daddy was in WWII and I am proud of him!!
Need Me Ah Real Bitch For Ds Real Sht
Life's test to keep it real. I strive. Let's strive. RT : Be as you wish to seem. -Socrates
I think the article is only talking about players who have signed their LOIs
David Peel Sang Once for Lennon, Now for Occupy Wall Street
Thanks for playing (Kissed You) Good Night tonight!
Everyone follow so she can get to 400 followers NOW!!!! GO!! Takes a few seconds to make someone happy.
Love the premise. Something about the pacing or way it is filmed I can't get into
Most women only call u when they're bored or want somthin¡
Thanks for the whole support!
And always twirling, twirling! /cc
Anatabloc - I have no sneezing, no red eyes, no coughing. Available at GNC. Anti-inflammatory. Not cheap, but effective.
Finishing up some laundry, getting things printed, trying to pack, and looking forward to San Antonio and #asecs12 in the morning!
Oh yeah, now I remember.
I want to bocce too
Crashed 's bartending shift (after closing/while trying to clean) and played a strong Van Hager rock block. I'm the worst.
Of course...the King's English!!!
Awesome! Thanks for listening, now please follow us on Twitter!
Change of mind!! I want kinky twists<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Wish I was like Pops from Regular show
RT i just want to be normal.\ except you're a celeb so you can't be. Sorry dude.
Pinoy jazz musicians shine outside the homeland
Happy Founders Day ! Alpha Chi Omega installed Zeta Nu at on May 8, 1981.
if we survey people who pay attention to dogs and know that driving dog I bet we can get more than 35% to like the dog.
I am doing good so far oh and it turns out that I didn't end up going to sleep & skipping 7P but I did still manage to skip
He shoots! HE SCORES!!!!!
& why haven't u tried? The judges would be fighting for you. But I think u should try for Xfactor. I love & !
. Thank you! The desert was amazing. Friends make the world small.
& the madness starts!! :)
THURSDAY HAPPY HOUR @ THE SMILING MOOSE = 1/2 OFF ALL MICRO/CRAFT/IMPORT BEER, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS From 5-7pm!
You can sleep, sweetheart, I’ll carry you.
Students allowed back into library. No #gunman found. Police leaving the area
Big back up on the Pike East before exit 14 because of construction. I don't want snow, but I really wish road construction season was over!
Happy birthday to the one and only aka The White Shaft aka Sir Puke A lot
going to bed soon!<3 good night
haha sounds wonderful haa :) i'de live anywhere but here
Proud to be living in #Texas tonight! Go #Rangers!
Johnny's daddy was taking him fishin, he was 8 years old....
We will be working with anybody that works in the music industry. If you're a designer, booking agent, recording studio, etc. Message us!
Hope Riveras ACL recovery is speedy
At game > Drew Carey in the crowd - smiling like he's never been on TV go #gocavs #dontlebronme go
Friday Humor: "I'm a psychic amnesiac. I know in advance what I'll forget." --Michael McShane
what'd you major in at Montana?
girl u come first
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
Fact: Half of all people who are injured or killed in ATV crashes haven't taken a safety course. Other half tend to go too fast.
Since I've been back in remission -- I've picked right back up with life - busy, busy, busy! :) I've been homesick for Oz :(
yes looking forward to it.
you say cool a lot
.'s bio says he helps clients "win public debates," yet my challenge to debate his client has gone unanswered.
Like the idea that students should have a hand in professional development curriculum for their teachers.
nothin much..you??
Yes! That's better.
What Up
Cuz She Wasnt Here The Whole Day
can you hook me up?
So pumped to be 's date to Manson!
Hi TK, my big 5-0 is today. Make it very special with a happy BD from u!
The Awkward Situation...it puts fear in all of us.
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain and most fools do. Benjamin Franklin
“: Everyone has that friend that can't drive for shit.” trust me I know
"I'll never stop loving you. It's time I let you go."
Yes! On Texas week. I'll prolly spend it half Austin half RGV
We don't get back to DCA tomorrow night until 11pm, that's some pretty late grilling!
He still says "sick" and "dog," but sadly never when referring to a sick dog.
hope to see you there!
Finally a voice of reason!
Also, probably wouldn't hurt if England's guys spent less time in clubs & pubs. Better to be focused and hungry than hung-over.
Looking forward to see tomorrow at Life 3.0
LOU REED'S TRANSFORMER.
that depends in part on moral luck. Ex: Jimmy Carter-did the right things and viewed as a failed administration
Is Google+ down? Page not loading. #google+
Thanks for the follow
Talks how after fire pits funding cut someone saved them w/ donation. bottom line: ask for $. People will give.
you say your a bad bitch, but you have no car, no job, no money..your not a bad bitch your doing bad bitch lol
To save paper this year, I am printing our Christmas letter on both sides of the page. Some of you will get it twice, and others not at all.
"You wear snap backs like a bitch..." great quote
wow, is sure excited to speak to the group at #smss! great energy!
W/Stop
So many amazing things going on this weekend!! #BrewCrew #DCFM #WIfilmfest #IsthmusGreenDay with #MarkBittman and hopefully some sunshine.
no one can
The dogs are out in the back
east side
#Shoutout To And !!!!!! Everyone follow them XD
Mentally exhausted physically strong and ready to go...not a good combo. Im losing sleep thinking about how im going to do this
Black and white and rad all over...we love it! :) Hope you are enjoying your stay!
I haven't done it yet, but when I do I'll definitely write up my experience.
Get $10 off a Swedish massage when you mention this tweet.
so now we can listen to Chris Brown - Beautiful People :)
dude, since when did real madrid become thugs
did you see that the guy wit the white shirt on
btw I've had a car run over my foot when I was wearing a tennis shoe and my foot was fine.
i still cant get over that
it was good?
“Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.”
On the phone w my Bro in Christ (not literally- LOL) talking bout how crazy busy we are!
This book is so boring
Never fake who you are. Someone will like you for being yourself.
No. I haven't reached 1000 followers yet.
Anyone else going to see Brian Turner tonight at #SAL? Come say hi to a few of at the #PNW table :)
who knows...anyways how are you?? are you still at beauty brands?? because i might need my hair done here soon
iPhone's emoticon keyboard needs The Artist Formally Known As Prince symbol.
If you got love! Nothing else should matter<U+2764><U+2764>
Follow your dreams, don't let anything or anyone stand in your way!
Have you registered yet for entrepreneur mentor 's #ElevateRevolution LiveCast that's TODAY @ 2pm ET? Step into your success...
Stay in your lane!!!
Woke up craving mashed potatoes and gravy this morning.
Good morning all!
John Mayer relaxes you !
Hey! You got my name : )
Robert, we went over this. Scary movies aren't my weakness anymore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Will , I love 99% of your tweets !
No, actually it's fine now. :) yay
medina !! Lol Fuck basketball wives !!!! Animal planet has more real drama then that lame show
den what would be a good liquor to sip on i need dat drank n my cup
!!!! RT : #SnapBacksNAllDat ;) with ...wait for it
Not only did we finally hit 1,8000 likes, but we are actually at 1,815 now. Thanks for spreading the word, 2,000 is next!
I think that the old one was easier to use. Seems they ditched ease of use for looks.
If we get bored discussing 50 Shades of Gross at brunch, you can entertain me and with this. Game of Desks.
you suck!
What was today's #gym routine?
Nothing wrong with that. That's why we have conceal and carry permits.
Gorgeous sunny Sunday in the Bay Area. (achoo. achoo. achoo.)
Hey DC tweeps.. You can catch me DJing Tonight!! No cover.. Sexy crowd.. Amazing staff. Beautiful Deck!!
There are like eleven people in the library. Five of us work here.
good morning
I love you
you come during slow hours ....Hater
Awesome song is awesome.
Surf and Turf Burrito - before Lucha Libre anyday though.
Latest Bayou show is up on the #JLB podcast :)
"Good people do good things...bad people do bad things...what do the rest of us do?"-creepy guy in the mirror
How u gon put me on punishment for your #WackAss Lakers
Could tomorrows show be any bigger than last weeks. Enough FAT JOKES, Tune in Sunday at 8:30 am on CJLO.com
that would be great! Check ur direct messages :)
i miss when music was actually good
Waiting 2 long 2 terminate an employee can be more problematic than terminating 2 early... according 2 this presentation.
thanks for the retweet! Great to meet you this week!
Everyone should play at hanging with friends, she sucks ;)
Hm that could easily be misinterpreted as obsessed
Why smack the Ace of Spades when popping it is a grand possibilty?
Who wants free tickets??? We'll give away a pair on Sunday at midnight. Just write "I want free tickets to " on your wall.
Watching #TheVoice and it's actually pretty good :)
An alcohol paint called Skin Illustrator could work too because you need alcohol to put it on and take it off.
But it's 5 after 10. You're a bit late. RT : Ok peeps. I'm finally going to see #TheAvengers at 9 tonight.
what a weird morning, simply could get out of bed at my regular 7am....go up at 10 instead! 11.5 hrs sleep
Never enough!
Love your passion for changing the world. Agreed, let's all make changes together!
. asks a great ? abt how might measure impact -among computer users overall, or users w/motor impairment.
bentley michael the redneck hahahaa
Lots to get to tonight. Winterhawks, NBA Playoffs, Timbers and more. Tweet us your questions for and we'll answer on air.
If it was easy everybody would do it
RT : You must be willing to invest time & effort necessary to do a better job of preparing yourself than the competition does
Enjoyed my birthday. Had a party and had fun. went to the movies.
Got my beats on.. Focused
hi. are you reading this? no? k
Started the day thinking I might have a 2nd date tonight, now casting about for something to do. Wander about hoping for happenstance?
that's a key part of the equation. also, lived experience matters. he has never lived through what so many in US are now.
hey thanks! Should be a nice lil show.
Ugh note to self: beer is NOT a replacement for dinner.
Much deserved girls night out.
It's easy to be thankful for the good things. A life of rich fulfillment comes to those who are also thankful for the setbacks.
Just canceled Brighthouse cable TV. 42 broadcast digital channels most of which look better than cable (no compression)
i am not looking forward to hearing that damn jose chant for 81 games.hope the marlins faithful just leaves that in NY.
I wish it would just rain already
Please post the direct link to the petition you are referring to? I can't find it. Too many over there.
": oh nana what my name?" <<< Tyshiana
lol i know right!!
Haley's Heart is 5 years old today!! Happy birthday to us!!!
oops, appreciate the dap--iPhone still ain't Ebonically inclined
that's why he dead!
Thank you Kristen Butrum for booking with us today.We look forward to doing your wedding at Pipers at the Marott in May!
All of these dark gray interfaces I'm suddenly surrounded by tell me I'm making ENTERTAINMENT.
New excersize and wellness gym opening up in "18b" #LasVegas Arts District! Stay tuned for details...
Happy Easter to all
Sunny, 75 degrees AND I found gas for only 3.53 a gallon-in Oakland County-it's a good day!!
great.. now u let it out of the closet..
DREAM BIG!!
Check out this event: Escape Wednesdays Happy Hour - Touch Orlando on 2012-01-18
The more I read the more likely it seems that the US Government will carry out a #FalseFlag attack its own citizens in Chicago during
Let's go Chapman! Keep the goose egg up there for the #Brewers!
I hate today
my name is jasmine medina and I want Madison
I want to hang out & do shots with her lol.
beez in the trap
It's a PIE-STRAVAGANZA at Porter Square, come celebrate thanksgiving early with our Pumpkin and Blueberry Pie flavors :D
don't worry , ima always gonna be here for you :)
it's a sweet addiction! RT : cant. stop. eating. sweet potato.
Oh man. I need to follow this.
Julie!!! I need you, man! Mine has gone blue screen twice today :( Not blue screen of death, just shuts down.
Your friends aren't gonna pay your bills. Tf you spending so much time on em for?
hahahaha ya!!!! Mab it will stop raining just when he's there!!! <3 hahahahahahahahaha
Who wants some of Deebo?!
thanks, gilt! nice to be on your list :)
Biggie Smalls is the wickedest. Niggas say I'm pussy, I dare you to stick yo dick in this.#RIP BIG
Umm yes it was :$
Great night hanging with my boy ray hamilton.
American idol was on!!! Woot! Woot! Anyone else watch it?
I get it. I am slow. Loblol
I asked ChaCha a question about George Harrison and they responded with an answer about Lil Wayne. Makes sense.
learn how to take your galileo training and marketing to another level tomorrow with me and karen minton at COMO: "your patrons and galileo"
Thank you! RT : Great service from ! Staff is going out of their way to make sure the stay is going well.
Haha SMH!!! Fixing to ride with my girl jordan!
Feels a little sick... I had McDonalds for the first time in months - the downside of road trips
ran into doug wilson of fort vancouver in the elevator... northwest represent!
Pizza at Campisi's with my bros
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
go pee denn.
I love him.
Waiting on my noodles.
My mom just told me a "defensive linebacker" from the Packers left a voicemail at our house reminding her to vote tomorrow
thats the worst.. nothing like being on the road ALL day..
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> pay attention in class Vincent!
Doing what every good father does... rewarding my boys with candy corn for eating their dinner.
I'm going to the Marine Corps Ball in Florida!! Such an amazing opportunity I'm so excited!
we are almost half way to half way!:D haha we a accomplished twenty 100s! We rock(:
I'm watching all of the land before times on #Netflix next time I get the chance!
can't wait til da weekend
nicholas in the tie and sweater and jeans omfg its al great & all but take them off lord jesus
where attention goes, energy flows, and results show.
glad you like!
yeah I listened to Uecker a couple times but that's it. Good thing is, though, that the entire NL is pretty bad this year
It's got the best prose, doesn't it? Read Angel's Game next!
my iPhone app is nearing completion! so excited. Last task- open graph
awe poopyyyy, what time is it there? i <3 u too
you da best
The information highway has brought all of the information right to your fingertips
Everyone shout me out and get me followers then message me and ill give u shoutouts and get you followers
Yep! One of my favorites :)
If you've stopped believing in fairy tales, you need to unlearn your illusions.
just bought ticket to that this morning.
I mean, if you want to have a broken neck, then by all means sit up front. If you want to see a movie in all its glory, then back
In session on teaching contemporary military history. Anxieties seems similar to any other recent history course.
love Artichokes?-They contain silymrin, an antioxidant that helps prevent skin cancer: also contains fiber to help control cholesterol.
Fuck. I did get drunk and show everyone my dick the other night, didn't I?
...and , I feel so loved by you all! Thanks for celebrating!
yes! internet has been down in my apt the whole week so i haven't been able to do much! Fixed on Saturday, hit you up then!
i should probably re dye my hair tomorrow i look like poop.
you said you did "other things" and oh good:P lol dont judge me because i used to purge.. and laxiitives make you shit lmao
Yay Giants!!!! (yes, I randomly picked them but why not)
here's to hardcore awesomeness and serious sucking. May our lives never be a shade of grey. :P
stop. ;/ I live in COLORADO. I can't go.
What's good Skyesworld?
In other news terrific weekend: urban farm lot cleanup; the #Zahav adventure with & & shared the kitchen w/ Mags!
I choo, choo, choose you. This makes me an unreal amount of happy that you'd post this. You rock. #bangarang!
Roaming the halls, holla'.
Turn em on, we'll watch.
BREAKING: I want to punch that "Rock God" kid from the iPhone commercial in the face.
hey luvie good morning too u :)
Lots of travel but can see Canada. RT : 6 sites stretch from Maritimes to BC making '15 Women's World Cup cross-country experience
Check out Olivia De Berardinis Book Signing Event, La Luz de Jesus Fri Nov 18
There is a ghost in the WMYB video ? Wuuuuuuuut ?
how waz your day?
Good Afternoon Warriors, Its a GREAT day outside, take a moment enjoy it. Have a good day!!!
I can't decide if I should cut my hair or not. My mom said to tell the lady "surprise me" lol
Missing my M&Ms and Stoni!!
I only saw like two minutes of ustream :/ But at least he did one <3 Now I know that he still cares and that makes me happy :)
Last day of break: woke up at 11, starbucks coffee and bagel. Starting off pretty great:)
Y.O.L.O Dosent mean go out and party and make yourself look stupid, It means do things to make you memorable.
“: watching a marathon of ambiguously lame murder mysteries certainly makes me question myself...” but it's awesome!
North Carolina is backward.
if the GOP is smart, they'll leave Newt standing at the dock in Tampa.
said, I'm well aware of where all the lumps are in my body.
Apparently the same drunken imbecile following at the Masters & yelling "War Eagle" is following him today in NO.
Watson Twins are at the Beachland Tavern tonight. But I'm too sick!
I like that idea! #nevertoolate :)
Thank you for the information on
I actually like the new website update.
That mutual aid freq is pretty much the only way anyone can talk to Milwaukee FD on a radio. Yep, that OpenSky radio system is great (NOT)
reveling in peace and quiet at home. good day, precious daughter is off w/ her dad visiting grampa.
#FLUENTPARTY @ Maria Maria in 50 minutes. Live performance by Miami's DJ Mikey Millions and Mobb Deep. See you there. The Sunday #SXSW Event
Great shoot today! W.josephmancusoactor.com
About to give up on chemistry homework and just do my nails!!
HEY HITTU. i'm in world g in case you were wondering.
black coffee?? Oh you're no joke! Ehh?
Happy to have a day off but ik im going to stay home and do nothing all day?
RT : RT : History #Pulitzer: "Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention" by Manning Marable
Lake County Senior Shootout This Friday!
Just heard some a out a Jill Scott block party with Kem and Dougie Fresh please be a weekend I wanna go! Even in another city.
Happy birthday !
Thanks for the #FF love!
great! I'm glad to see there are a few #BOYLIEBERS around! Most of the boys hate jbiebs:(
Bonjour Hope you're feeling festive festive! Welcome to our twinning tweets!
only if and come
I'm not really a huge rap fan, and I'm rather late to the party on this one but....I love Wiz Khalifa. I REALLY love him. Great beats.
:( make sure u come home often so we can get our nails done and take trips to Waffle House! But YEA for senior year!!!
its 1:43 here in denver and I should be asleep. but my job is never done lol
I do. I can always meet you after? and then we can go back together?
Whoo hoo! Thanks to everyone who voted! RT Cannot WAIT for #SoMeT12 Bring on the #SoMeT :) Congrats to
That may be called a solo sex marriage
I would pay $1 to not have to say no five different times to desperate sales clerk trying to get me to pay $1
Looking forward to unwinding tonight from a long day of work with some dance moves on
Are you coming or going?
My wife just got It's actually pretty awesome.
Also he co-wrote one of my fav songs "heartache tonight" with the eagles. Badass
Plant a seed of friendship; reap a bouquet of happiness. -Lois L. Kaufman
haha some of them. i mean i have a dbl header today ive got some time. so i see one and just randomly watch it.
Top of the morning, haven't spoke to u in a min. Hope all is well~
ha! it is a whole different ball game...hope your taxi services worked out!
Getting ready for today's #EDULIVE on social media policies... also scoping out my Facebook page for bad decisions
Chicago, IL- need females for photoshoot. Nudity involved. Pay is 100 dollars per hour. (Casting Code B3)
One day i will get you to notice and follow me(: okay? I LOVE YOU #BOYFRIEND <33
Patrick George- huge number of buses and military vehicles spotted leaving SA going East on I-10, probably to Houston.
Blackbird Vineyards 09 Arise at the moment. An easy drinking, honest, Merlot dominated blend
Mistaken or False?
I am watching "A Haunting". So scary.
#TGIF! Need we say more?
Ms Tracy downstairs rappin some French Montana lol
let me know if yall need coverage bro
omg i forgot about our plans today sorry!
Ready set God bless tweeters
Elections very important, new generation, new ideas, finally they can show the potential of their people...
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
The moment when he says he loves you too:)
I could not be more excited to have zero commitments today. Now, what the hell to do, besides shoveling?
Testing new app
“Learn the rules so you know how to break them properly” ~ Dali Lama
We can't help it! After all, he's the dog and I'm the meat.
Agreed. Can't wait to see this. RT : I need photographic evidence! RT : There's a clone in the cafeteria!
Find casino style poker sets at www.eproducts4less.biz
that was a diffcult 5 mins of my life i didnt know if i was listening to lil b or waka flocka
Brave. RT : I have even "cold-called" potential sponsors and asked them to sponsor me
These allergies are kickin my as ugh omg >_<....
gotta go get this run in b4 it get to hot!
the uro is going to have problems soon & if we don't get some faith back in Congress,they r being Downed unfarly,Obama had Veto pin
I was going to come (again) tonight... I may have to wait till next week!
Good for you! What a great way to start the new year #MyWANA #wordbitches"
ABSC website is now LIVE! Please visit us @ azbsc.com
Oh, dear. What did we supposedly do this time?
Yes we do! We ship everywhere!
New Jack Edwards has returned. It's a good morning
I seem to have more aquaintances than friends and it bugs me. Good thing I have the boys in
Start celebrating early! Come see DJ Ivan tonight
Let me sing to you?
Question: How many bikers does it take to change a light bulb? A: It takes two. One to change the bulb, and the other to kick the switch.
Dont do it please dont it
I don't make music just to make it. I make it because it runs through me; it's in me. <U+25B2>
they went from a 9 point advantage to a 9 point advantage. That is neither momentum or acceleration.
Just completely simplified my to do list. Item 1 make more coffee. Item 2, drink more coffee. Item 3, figure out the rest of the list.
I don’t even like to read that much, but these “emotobooks” really fit me perfect. Someone at work told me they like the mystery one.
And the winner of yesterday's RT giveaway from the is ! Please direct message us for details.
my back photo on #tumblr already has 61 notes, ALL POSITIVE. mad love for tumblr; twitter can suck
Who wants to see lil kims pussy? Oh yeah, all these random black ppl who r always on twitter. With 1000 followers they dont even know. Haha
few can
love your deepening and extension of my post, Claudia
Yay I got help with my shop , not as stressed <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Scott, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show
yes. Cocoon
That probably describes half my closet.
Using a clothing iron to straighten your hair
it's a deep teal (accent wall). ;-)
How did it get to be April 18th so fast? I suspect witchcraft.
It's days like this I wish I worked a m-f 9-5. I miss having weekends.
tebow traded to jets
@ the Library: a gentle hint, dear patron, its best not to talk about pirating the library's DVD in front of the librarian.
could have been but i have no idea the last time i've been near anything glittery
Any advice on how to make your (great) site turn a horizontal spreadsheet into readable data?
Before you lay on your back, make sure your paper is $tacked!
I love listening to you in the morning but...can you please stop playing Donimo at the same time, everyday! :)
I love lapasang souchong in the cold months. Heavenly to hold a cup and read a good book.
Hi Rosie! Gary Schaeffer here. Great opening night!! Michelle and I can't wait for week 5 when we will have our time in the sun!
Sometimes I wish my life would be less hard, but then I realize that other people have it harder than I do.
Up watching limitless with
Tune into Q13 Fox News tonight at 10pm to hear more about a #sextrafficking case! Thx for joining the fight, Q13!
is proving that #gleeks can make a difference! #ABQ come to our concert July10 and see an amazing show! www.harmonytohelp.com
Everyone is going to the beach today
now laugh at they azz!
is a lesbian and likes apple juice
my demo songs in FL Studio were inspired by your music. Glad to know we're using the same software!
Again...you & your Dad keep getting sick on/off since Dec. RT : I DO NOT AND CANNOT BE SICK!
i mean on punkd u see them with their mouths open or crying or in shock i dnt see u reacting like that lol love ya :)
glad your back !!
smaller gov the more chance of it being competent if it focuses on socially optimum policies instead of responding to all desires
Th last time we were there it was so different-i don't like how it is now
:Baby show me what you got and we can party come and shake your body and get FREAKY Baby yo quiero agarrartey yo quiero tocarte
Follow for a reinvention of the haiku, trust me, she is a genius.
lol whose your favorite character?
could you please tell me more about your gluten dairy free diet ? thanks xx
well done.
Thx for tweeting my article!
where youu at?
Is wade throwing the game?
This bitch pissed in a parking lot in broad daylight!!!!! Wtf!
Abbey biting plastic ends off her hoodie strings = priceless<3
That's cool!
difference of opinion lol
2day is the 10 year of Allen Iversons "Practice" good times
Great day at Dayton ;)
Now Fatima Ahmed from our partner org Zenab talking about the need to support women farmers.
Man Mindless Behavior got me goin crazy like forreal I need Mindles help !! Lol
awww #zaynto3million is trending in germany
Every time you are tempted to react in the same old way, ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneer of the future
Dorito Taco. Go big or go home. RT : I want a Choco Taco.
Forgot my iPhone at home and all I've had all day is this company blackberry. How do people live like this?!
make sure I'm signed into class!
thanks so much for listing our company!
ugh! I've never liked basketball. It's boring to me. Lol
I guess we need 2 take it 2 the streets!!RT : Hey Jon, I'm waiting again tonight. We'll see, lol.
Happy birthday to former Spur
Only Because Of God I Am Safe Intellegent Smart Strong And Alive!=)
I don't know the key to success but I know the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Publishers - by restricting library access to #eBooks you're preventing kids from discovering new adventures & developing a love for reading
Fresh corn, fresh tomatoes, fresh crab, and a crisp white wine overlooking the bay. Living the good life on the shortest summer vacation
Creativity is allowing oneself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. - Scott Adams, the Dilbert Principle
Gwyneth + Sofia Vergara + Rob Lowe = hot overload.
Some people might have actually listened when you said to go kill yourself. So maybe you should think about that.
Players Club Tours Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
have a cocktail for me !
“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it’s better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.” - Marilyn Monroe<3
The #USC Employee Recruitment Services is trying to provide advice to its followers. What's the best career advice you have ever received?
We had such a fun rehearsal together last night, I'm really looking forward to our show on Saturday!! It's been too long! :)
GoodNight i love you. Remember everything i just tweeted is true, so please read it ? /: goodnight ilove you <3
I need new friends
Take a second, look around you, your life is full of blessings. You just gotta stop and look.
I TOLD HER SHE WAS PRETTY AND ITS TRUE SO SAY SOMETHING HEART FELT AND SHE WILL RALK TO U
how in the world did I miss that one?!? Because I want that, too! :)
by the squirrels? Lol
And it took me 10 min to walk to the Spanish embassy. Perks of living here
"PROS and CONS:A Fantasy Football Movie" www.imdb.com/title/tt1626197/ Starring EARL BROWNING I, STACY CUNNINGHAM, LANCE EAKHART and more
Later this week we'll upload Arkells, The Rocket Summer, and Bill Chott Interviews!
That moment when u realize one day your past catches up to you
Uhm... EVERYBODY knows that Miranda Lambert is one of the stars of country music. Please up your #popculture game. :-)
I did! They were tasty! :)
So true! But its one of the best things in life to fight, sweat, and campaign for!
stop rushing your selfs clippers STOP RUSHING!
Thank you for the RT! Hope you're having a good day!
follow back? :)
okay. (; bye bye oh does Austin follow you? If he dosnt I'll try to get him to follow you <3
Fox compares comments about Ann Romney to college girl being called a "slut" & "prostitute" -- NOT FAIR! (Prostitutes work for a living.)
futurama has some really sad/cute moments ok.
I love that 1 reason hubs started #homebrewing was b/c it would be "cheaper." 100s of $'s on equip & a #webseries later-I feel a bit misled.
Come into and get your teeth whited by Jennifer!
1:27:"...God..created him; male and female"God said,what makes u believe that?
#cody do you call/text any of the girls that give you their numbers?
Contact Vince Cavale at 602-438-1001 for more information on sale items or email
bathroom stalker...
gracias, will do! And yup haha, guess I forgot that minor detail :)
that's great Tell us more about your personal needs
So... I think I need to see
Hm, I'll watch a movie now. and then do homework. don't have that much.
BAD BOYS AIN'T NO GOOD... GOOD BOYS AIN'T NO FUN! <U+E40E>
Having a case of the Sunday blahs today.
cuz twitter is for cool people only. ;p
Right now, I'm your daddy. LOL. Funny? Or did I cross the line?
help build our 400th house by making a $25 donation today. www.milwaukeehabitat.org
Welcome New Followers :)
Mission complete! #dcchallenge w/ and
Eff you allison.
Okay on 2 my next favorite boy group! NP: best of Silk !!!
Rats! Forgot to use the damn hashtag for the past hour!
You are cracking me up! lol
Well.. I just spent the last few hours editing and I managed to get three seconds done. :\ So I guess I'll just give up now..
u a mess, lol I got a shirt like that too
Thanks!! That's my attempt at being creative lol
I'm not really looking xD
I actually like funerals these days. It's the only time people don't give me shit about my drinking. And the food is always great.
i wanna party, with a whole bunch of live peoepleee
"Children are likely to live up to what you believe of them." - Lady Bird Johnson
I spent the evening balancing my checkbook. Much more excititng than #bcs. :-)
my mom just now: "I'm going to bed, have fun tomorrow, just don't get kicked out of the hotel"
Loved your lessons learned. So proud of you. Purchasing my copy of AT this second.
If a jersey shore cast member fist pumps in the middle of a forest does house music still play?
RT : The Dodgers have reached an agreement to be sold to Magic Johnson's bidding group, according to a baseball source. See...
Why does snow always come on holiday weekends??
we are all disappointed
Omg! That is so sick! why would they...smh...I have no words. That's just horrible! :(
I am here for you
Good qualifying! Good luck tomorrow!!!!!
wow that does sound a Colleen top! Love nautical!
bored. wanna go homes. urg. i miss
If the Republicans could get unstuck, so Americans could see some evidence they have some ability to adapt to the future, maybe then
There R times when going with the text (coming away to a weak syllable) is not applicable, eg last note of major works which should be loud
Angel Pagan: the most delightfully paradoxical name EVER in the history of baseball. And there've been a few.
who's thed?
Um, does Inukshuk Press even have a website? Does "no website publisher" = "self-published"?
LoL! Good to know... my Dad is one too.
The filmed "That's Just My Baby" video in front of Clark Atlanta University Library
The Obama administration has tapped a state bank commissioner to run the federal regulator that oversees more than $5 trillion in mortgages.
No, I don't. We should just crash a park with a bbq.
why don't we have a sportscenter style webpage with interregnum stats and updates? ?
My grandma's niece called and my sister picked up the phone so I made her say NO THIS IS PATRICK.
tired a/f !
NEW SHOW -- on June 22nd at ! Tickets on sale Friday at 10AM! Details at
"Open Source is the ethos of how we engage" -Frank Herbert, Open Plans
Oh and it's #jersday ready to watch my fav #TeamMeatBall and
haha im good how r u?
The would like to wish everyone a very Merry Christmas. To our current student we know your future is bright and to our future
Cleveland State upped it's record to 10-1. It's time for the city to pack the house. This team is legit and is top 25 worthy.
That might be my favorite tweet of the year! LOL! " a hip hop .....,"
#FavoriteLyric Sometimes the moon looks brighter than the sun.
dude! pigeon man was my favorite episode! When the birds come and pick him up to fly away at the end
Damn is nobody really trying to go to the game tonight it's 2 games for 1. Then the afterparty w/
#ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage the 1st and only season of
she must be because so are you!!! =)
are you going?!?!
how u doin ms
Five-on-four hoops always sounded fun to me. RT : Sixers and Bulls. No goal. No ice. They still have power plays and stuff, right?
Im super happy! I benched 205 :DD
hello,good morning to you :)
You will/should feel protected, not scared, but as it states in the beginning, Actor; so, Actor-y list it is.
The reason I listen to the tracks is to work...now that the work is done, I need to find new ears to hear the music as new again!
Gotta curb these TO's. Seriously.
Requests and Boathouse Grill giftcard on the Powerdrive at 5 w/Helen Powers. 978 1023 or
its was too much fun, I was definitely on a good one! You should have gone!
Having my license is great. This was such a great day aha
that's horrible ahahahaa, delete yours was better
Idea: a mummy walk flashmob.
if he doesn't leave for penn state Tom Clements maybe?
Her name is Munn...Olivia Munn...She loves pie...
Last Friday of the school year, :c
Thanks! Will take a look.
sorry cant DM to u.
Very True!
Alcohol is necessary for a man so that he can have a good opinion of himself, undisturbed be the facts! ~ Anonymous
You are calling on the right one. Lord, help...
I don't talk much politics but if Amendment One passes it tells me I officially no longer recognize my (registered) Republican party.
WI: MPD squad happens to stop, told officers of 6-8 black teens smoking marijuana behind Kosciuszko Park statue on S. 9 PL & W. Lincoln Ave.
Curious how to get more followers..
Number 7 :Alicia Keys
Tweaked out in class making to do lists
We had an amazing time volunteering today. Thank you so much for making a difference in our world! We appreciate you so much!
#WhatIMissMost Is The REAL Music
In both measures of customer acquisition and Customer Happiness Index (CHI), ymarketing showed better results than any other HubSpot VAR
Tweeting while driving. I'm so damn badass.
st Louis new york
RT": Don't make a permanent decision on temporary feelings."
Everybody thinks of changing humanity, but nobody thinks of changing himself.
For sure we should have a meet up where directioners meet each and then go to like a meet n greet and meet the boys :)
Yeah, I just called coldstone and she's on break -_- Nevermind.
deleted their account :D
obviously you've never seen Cal fans in action...
That is totally true! As we all visualize this new US based on the #SOTU, there is such power to make it real.
It seems like everytime I go riding,which is everyday, I get caught in a lightning storm.
Loving this cool cloudy morning more than anything!
for real? That's not good. Hope you're ok, my lover.
I forgot I was making myself breakfast, and i burned my omelette :'(
Me too, it really is depressing.
I did always wonder what happened to Sloth
We all have that friend that says "Oh Lord" alot :o
best awaard of the nightt... "DO DRINK THE WATER IT WILL KEEP YOU ALIVE!" at disney world had some dehydration problems lol all good now:)
Tired of having to pretend everything is ok, when obviously everything is not.
I think every person who doesn't have them following them wants tht
Happy Birthday!! May all your Wishes & Dreams come true! <3
No Bueno? RT : Covering first UMass game all season. Hangar before, Antonio's after. Anyone have swipes left on their OCMP card?
Flexing my visitor services muscles at the InfoDesk!
Thanks. I'm seeing a number of libraries doing really great things with it.
why I resisted getting a cell phone for so long. But when I gave up the fight, I gave up big.
Here we go again.
maybe you have like a sprain or stress fracture or something.. does it hurt?!
could not agree any less with you
Wow the moon looks exquisite! Check it out!
Waking up earlier and traffic ...not a good combination -_- I wish I could teleport
Im just giving ya shit, don't take it so seriously
...But once it got going, holy crap it was en fuego. Therapeutic, even cathartic. KSmith is a frickin' ninja. With LASERZ.
Do your own work. Collect your own data. Be your own brand. Find out what works best for YOU.
Spot a wolf in sheep clothing >
Sleepy as fuuuu.
stuff moved unpacking proceeding. will be nice to get back to business!
Has it been a long week? We have the perfect solution for you. Tonight is Wine Night and you get 50% off of bottles of wine!
Bored cow hoofs it to McDonald&#39;s drive-thru
The year round Friday night fish fry is just a Wisconsin thing? Who knew.
Meet us over to watch tonight in Franklin! Doors open at 7:30p.m. Can't wait to see the band and fans again!!
. Captain Jack Jewsbury should join me before every game now. Nice win!
Thanks for coming today, hope you enjoyed it! ": Chris is a fabulous barista! A lot of fun!"
Not paying attention in art history bc I'm drawing what's on the slides
Next event - you should call #TopFamEnt we can get the word out for ya! Promo specials... 410.513.9199 - ask for Ty
just finished an amazing tasting with ! kate is obsessed with the fried green tomatoes. chris lives for the steak skewer!
You this read wrong
my drawing skills never developed beyond the 5th grades exploits of drawing 3D triangles and squares.
Announcement = the possibility of ENTIRELY NEW CATEGORIES OF KATE BEATON WORK = a very excited fan. I'm set with twitter comics :)
yes i am RT : GRACE IS PROUD OF ME GUYS!
If you invest time in branding yourself on your passions, it will ultimately pay off! Become somebody unique and help others grow.
Listening to 'Spit.' Speak of motivation.
Hey It was fantastic! he got back Tuesday night...LOL, he is still trying to adjust to the time and sick from Malayria Pills!
Dad: Nunez dropped it. Me: shocker
“: If the same amount of kids who played indoor played futsal, soccer in America would improve a CRAZY amount.”
RT : People who ruined Grey's Anatomy for me, I want to punch you in the face.
We can all criticize lack of character progression for but tonight furthers my point he's a good in-ring worker
You are a rockstar! Don't let anyone tell you different! :)
you should really just start saying "we put out new videos every Thursday morning!"
“: if letang's girlfriend is pregnant i bet it isn't his. he would have missed wide” That's harsh!!! Ha, ha!
Ice cream that's sexy:) follow me
Jeff, thank you for the re-tweet.
Google Verlosser, we're number 4 and 7 on the front page!
Yay!!! Congrats! I want to hear all about it b/c I'm applying next year since I missed the deadline this time!
woo you layed the smackdown on that fruity pebble,kung pao bitch!!!! If you smell what YOU are cookin!
This SNL is kicking it tonight lol
im headin in from lytle right now so let me know....
The current deficit in California is $16 billion. Illegal immigration is beyond 'out of control' in California. YOU add up the numbers!!
Thank God Betty was exaggerating. Megan is 26.
Thanks 4 sharing.
I love you Niall...You're beautiful EVERYDAY!!!! <3 ;)
Some people try n paint pretty pictures for themselves n paint unreal ones for others that's not cool at all
saw that. And the sox win ws last year... yawn.
happy happy hump day! <3
I don't have anything against Zooey, but how can someone looking out the window at rain not see that it's raining?
the job is still in process...the car? Smh still ddnt happen...but its all gonna get done believe me
Watched Degrassi: The Next Generation ep where Wheels comes back to cheer up Snake--he's having a bitch of a time with chemo for his cancer.
might as well meet me and there at 830
Stereophonics Live at Dakota - music to sleep to.
"You can't write poetry on the computer." - Quentin Tarantino
Bring it on - i'll throw you on the list!
i looked at your youtube video's the other day, and the one you did for scotty's birthday was great! lol
Sofia V is STUNNING!!!! I love her
good evening!
Just got a sneak preview of the Culinary Crossroads menu -- Smoked Eel BBQ, Nettle Soup, Bacalhau & more ()
I don't know. Check
going well, gonna have a mixtape coming out soon with another youtuber
So I just finished Mass Effect 3. WTF!
at least they called me
Our is replaying the entire Mass Effect trilogy and writing about his experience doing so. What series do you want to relive?
Was greeted by sad email this AM - a HS teacher struggling to reach her disengaged seniors. What would YOU rec?
type in the keyword you want and it will give you a lot of info about traffic, similar keyword, etc. Need specific help?
spontaneous decision. nero at house of blues
I think the spotlight always gives u stage fright
tell me what happened
Any snow makes for long winter! RT : I hate snow. Can it stop already.
What Wayne is the 2 coming of 2Pac! Real ! everyday Real nigga what's up!
Awesome! Thanks for the heads up! RT : #BaltimoreTermsIDontUse is currently trending worldwide!
Lol thanks ... it pays to be goofy :)!
On this day in 1968: Apollo 8 returned to Earth!!!!
this semester was GREAT. thank you to all my prof for giving me GREAT grades......jk
u should b proud of urself...1 million dollar freeroll...
ACL with let's go!
methinks that's a today photo judging from gray in both guy's hair and rain in NYC.
Portugal RT : Gaza City RT : Quebec RT : Wait what state is new england in
By the way that 10,000 hr rule is crap. Its quality not quantity. Some get it quickly others don't.
I'm such a hipster right now.
im a ten.
Just had my last dinner with :( I'm gunna miss her so much!
Costumes, costumes, costumes... Stressful, stressful, stressful...
Getting that great workout though.
drinkiing a bottle of vodka yesterday, midnight coneys and shin splints
y'all make sure you find dan and marcy tonight!
Don't miss this Sunday at 9 p.m. ET. Zak Brown, CEO of will appear as a guest.
Music on today's show on #spotify!
300,000+ were there! thank you!!!!!
Lmao dang RT : How do you block someone on instragram?
Some one just told me there was rules to this shit ! It's a little late for that hook up !
2 practices this week then off to Candyland for bass and drums tracking this weekend! #rock!
EVERYONE STOP WHAT YOU'RE DOING AND GO FOLLOW there tweets are AMAZING and I will FOLLOW BACK GO FOLLOW NOW, HURRY UP:)
they did it again. Is it that hard to program commercial breaks?
daddy d'z or Harold's ... Brunswick stew at Harold's is real deal.
"Even though she got alot of names I just call her Blow"
It's hard to believe
Something you want from Xactly on the product side? Let us know what you need and we'll do our best to make it a reality
Load twitter, LOAD <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Another cool resource -- even if it IS a little boring? LinkedIn. I've been meeting some very cool, creative and established peeps.
wow. Loser.
& he say she on tha #twerkteam (;
George Zimmerman's now-former attorneys say Zimmerman called But the conversation was "off-the-record," so they can't confirm.
s Democritus ~ Happiness resides not in possessions and not in gold; the feeling of happiness dwells in the soul.
Hey Lil Brother! Hope all is well with you!
next month, coming to the radio station to get something new out
the talk was great
You missed the exit, and now we're in Doral. Way to go bro.
#amexmcdonalds to save some bucks
hey did you get a chance to ask valerie???
Thanks for all of the great comments on recent photos! More to come..hope you enjoy the next few that follow!
outlook on life!
the old sound from way out
You are acting like that's a bad thing
To the guy that just cut me off on I-79 south, Happy "mother's" day if ya know what I mean ya #jagoff !!!
hahahahaha that is so awesome!
I would love to help you clearly identify areas for targeted improvement and reinforcement.
Let's put a couple more on the board, boys!
Hahaha, yeah that stopped all production at this desk.
I don't think anyone could relate to what it means to grow up in a Hispanic family. Its definatly different.
In this game, by trying to win; you automatically lose. -Ruth Ross
Big play defense ere lets go!!
haha yuni is back with the royals.
we need an #AlwaysSunny based on #StorageWars. Can't U picture Charlie saying, "Storage War, Storage War..." #DVR #FX Please RT!
Who Fucking Wit Me
“: really needs to start dieting for #FireIsland2012.” me too!
IN the studio with Geeky2Suave lets get it
RT : #WFFConf12 I'm counting down the days to another exciting WFF leadership conference!
eat something why are you waiting lol
It's beautiful out! How are you enjoying the weather?
lovely show at the this evening. Thank you.
other than - twitter
thank you my Bob. You have taught me more than anybody. I sure do appreciate you! (tear..happy tear:-))
bad time to mention I don't like peanut butter?
Just got done watching the Preview episode online. Can't wait for the finale. LOVE YOU!
That is the first thing I look for in a pres. Yah, right.
Olympus Group plans to add 25 new jobs over the next three years with the announcement of a new facility in Orlando.
Why why why is there a #bollywood number on #SMASH ? Why?
I need to go see American Reunion. I always loved the American Pie movies.
It would be sweet if I could breathe out my nose right now.
Remind me to teach you how to retweet
Got finals all rest of week and messed up shedual yippie! BITE ME >;3
Not so sure about Liquid Swords. What about Two Steps From Hell...?
I've always preferred "As You" in period where there's big difference between men's & women's clothes/hair
What I should be doing: studying for calc exam. What I am doing: calculating the lowest grades I can get and still pass.
Congrats to who now has the password to #CovertTU tonight!
Hey Austin, what can we do for you?
Happy marriages begin when we marry the ones we love, and they blossom when we love the ones we marry ~ Tom Mullen
This cop is a fucking douchebag
nice and mild mannered always keeps a crowd
u still at work?
“: I'm so effing tired but I have so much homework and I promised myself I wouldn't nap first :(”
will do.
lmfao i totally just tweeted that! youre psychic!
I've decided to go with the crawfish costume for 2012. Half Crawfish-Half Man. Now I'm hungry. Anyone wanna drop off crawfish to me.
TNAU sets up multimedia lab
Worked on the Jo book while eating a cheeseburger and fries.
After rdg Peter arnell's chapter on Michelangelo, Italy is on my bucket list.
Prefinished Tiete Chestnut solid 3-1/4" unbelievable grain in this flooring. Rich dark brown tones. In-stock now.
which sister?
right on! We need you a "young world entrepreneurship" read his book :)
looks like espn2 back up
Harper says he&#39;ll vote against abortion motion
Do you mean that you were born in Brooklyn??
CNN item just now on "the dangers of sitting" includes advice: "Walk while watching TV"
LOVE that picture.
hahaha, wtf. why is my twitter still the old version? D:
So here i am at the studio and took a break to watch some of Avery's chat and she said hi to me (: love her! Anyways, back to workk!
Wine Tasting on November 23, 2010 4-6 p.m. Greek Wine Portfolio Produce World-Norridge www.produceworldinc.com
You know what, i have to join this #congratsonthesexzayn xD TREND!
FUCK YOU. any bitch after me is a downgrade plain and simple
Scary movie 5 and iron man 3 come out next year
Welcome to my nightmare everyday : /
It's about to hit 100°F here in NYC -- How do YOU stay cool on a hot day like this?
Cigarettes for breakfast, lunch, and dinner
President Obama supports gay marriage & now my husband & I both turned gay & our 19-year marriage is over! He ruined our marriage!
Idk what the point of the sheer fabric that overlaps dress pants?? I am just as confused as ppl wearing squirts (idk how to spell that) lol
RT : OH: "yes, we have Schlitz."
Did you know that Henry Brown created what is now known as a "strongbox", a metal container to store money and important papers?
the worst is when you record a movie or tv show and the last few minutes get cut off
OH OK! lemme just go rob a bank real quick so i can get some extra cash!! lolzzz
Just got back from Barbados. Great weather and love the vibe there. Connectivity sucked though. Too much Rhianna for my taste, she's Bajan.
In Portland:) I really wanna move back over here. I miss the smallness! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
RT Your task is not to seek love, but to seek & find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it. ~Rumi
Calling all teachers! will be open on Memorial Day and we're giving teachers 20% off that day bc we love you! Pls RT :)
WMYB being the most requested song on the radio
I have your religion hahaha
Will The Arty's be coming to Las ? Producers in town to discuss TV opportunities!
All this talk about boy code and girl code where's the actual book with the rules?
Follow that sexy bitch
oh. Did she bring any omiyage?
AWWW you beat me to the twitter world! <3 <3 <3 I scared the buh-jesus outta you ahahah
Use 8-10 "Signature Leadership Qualifications" to highlight keywords/client specialties.
Sometimes when dealin wit real life, we lose sight of our dreams. Before u kno it a few years pass and u b sayin Ur shoulda, woulda, couldas
Is Hannah Montana not the best show ever????? :p YUS!
Someone loves the Bishop! ;-)
Blue ivy totally got her mamas hair but her daddy's face!
Rick Mattoon of Chicago Fed. Reserve Bank says NATO is important to reestablish city's image after loss of Olympic bid and Oprah.
yeah buddy! I just need to shoot one more day then ima put this video together and spread love. Thanks again man
RT : RT : RT to kill battery RT : my phone's gonna die.
My tummy is on F
Mr. Tim Gunn! Can't wait to see his thoughtful critiques.
good catch dude!!
they are great live though
Fuck it I have A's in all my classes I'm done with school not gonna do shit anymore
Well that ends the era of the colts they won't make the playoffs for the next ten years
Wow, #SteelerNation is showin' lots of love for #24Infinity -
Would the Catholic Church excommunicate the offensive coordinator if he calls for Big Ben to throw a Hail Mary pass?
;) back at cha cutie but tell me more so i can learn from him
Well It Stuff about science.. and girl.. today I woke at 4am ... IDK?and why have to wake up early?!
Yeah. And you said you liked my hair. :') Gaah. I WANNA MEET YOU IN PERSON! D: You're so freaking cool.
"Truth is, you don't lose friends. You just find out the ones who were true, and the ones who were never really there for you"
I'm getting Tim Hortons before work. Idc if I'm late.
get it together gang!
mah mommy watched heroes
that's about what my flight feels like right now outside of Chicago!
WATCH REPAIRCRYSTALS,BAND BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 ! OPEN TODAY 12 ish-4 ish pm ! stop by get FREE CHARM BEAD LIKE PANDORA,CHAMILA,WHILE S LAST
Its rainin pretty calm here (y) but I still can't sleep :o
Who cares anymore?
I like your use of ink and color, mixing the media. Good use of the sketchbook too.
Do tell : Has anyone seen the John Cleese thing on wine?
The weather outside right now is looking horrible :/
What? Was it their 100th anniversary?
can you tweet me something? anything at all. I love you.
Sounds like you had a great time! RT : Counting my bruises from recent surf safari. Far fewer than fantastic moments.
I'll have to force some friends into marriage, in that case! Game on.
From now on. . .ima do wtfck I wanna do
That's what u think... Remember coach tutsie took u home on the way back from Kentucky.. Ik where u live chump!
Already an exciting finish with NC ST./G'town, now a close one St.Lou/Mich St. Looks like another great day of #MarchMadness Basketball
U should, Ced, that's how u, all of us were blessed to get here! :)
I've had neighbors like this. Complain to your management if it gets bad enough.
My stress management prof doesn't wear shoes if its over 50 degrees and not raining... if it was a guy I'd guess it was him
About to get some king taco... drools
I do like a ships that are a little undermaintained. You can do a lot with drippy faucets, leaky air supplies & engine problems.
Haha! The problem is there are really people like that. Raised the hair on my neck in the first 10 seconds.
People will judge you by your actions, not your intentions. You may have a heart of gold – but so does a hard-boiled egg.–Unknown
Floyd Mayweather fight drives PPV buys - ESPN
Fun times on Monday when the Fed. Reserve building went into lockdown b/c Occupiers attempted to trick or treat in the lobby. Bizarro.
you know its good when you get a food coma! (cc: )
GIDDIMS-KENNELS UKC PR' GIDDIMS' OREO has now been Sold to her new loving Family in Rockville, MD.
Thanks! For the #FF! :D
“: Walter managed to escape from his box... I don't think he likes me #Sadface” hahah! <U+E412><U+E412><U+E412><U+E412>
Only 40 minutes left to get U.S. ROYALTY tickets at a discounted price! Come see us under our giant flag in Red Square!
whats up how u been
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing. - Helen Keller
BORED AS EVER!!!
Woo! 2013 arena tour!
Ditto noon. RT : Do not put a "12" before "midnight." For god's sakes, people. Really.
Hello RT : Just popping in by phone to say hi.
I tend to be more optimistic. Either way in 12 hours we will know. Hope you have a good day 2mara if u are going 2 the game
Baking up a storm: 2 pumpkin pies (1 gluten-free) & another pumpkin dessert. Yum!
It's not that bad in Yakima, or even Pasco for that matter.
Tasting Tuesday (Mass Ave Wine Shoppe) - this Tues. from 5:30-6:30. Great night to sample and shop for holiday wines.
HAppy Birthday HAve An ICONic One :D <3
Watching the best two point guards in the game, and it hasn't been disappointing yet.
Give us Liberty! from the stranglehold of the Liberal Leftwing folk that are holding our great nation hostage with their Socialist agenda
YO TREVON! I DONT THINK THE ALIENS CAN HEAR YOUR THUMP BUMP BUMP MUSIC. PLEASE CRANK THAT BEAT. MAKE YOURSELF DEAF I GUESS.
Tweeting at work because I'm just that hard of a worker ba #longday !
Feeling Good So Today Should Be A Good Day (:
Art exam then Mom Dorantich is coming to Raleigh!
southpark actually #getwiththeprogram. Those strippers are really starting to fry what little of a brain you have left
If "B.M." means "bowel movement," then yes. Otherwise it has to be Courvoisier Winetavius Richardson.
follow us to build awareness and educate women around the world
I'm tryna make a dollar outta fifteen cents, its hard to be legit and still pay ya rent -2Pac (keep ya head up)
We (((heart))) when #Miami Dade high schools are on #SpringBreak. NO #TRAFFIC. High school students in the area, check out MAU.
U females are as thirsty as these niggah yall prolly a lil bit worse
hey pretty lady
I wish we had snails :( We only get slugs, which are never cool.
#UnitedAir has no agents at LoveField to issue boarding pass & kiosk shuts dwn 1hour before boarding- missed my flight! #warningtoflyers! :/
deleting my twitter as we speak....
we're right down the interstate if you ever want to make some sounds
#hth2012 Donaldson noting colonialism and suppression of Maquesas traditional heritage (language, dance, spiritual ideas, etc.)
Cleaner RT Does anyone know of a program that scrubs everything you don't need from a new windows 7 machine?
We just wanted to see who wanted it the most.
I'm really tired. Was up 2 hours last night because the power went out :( I'll try to catch up with you tomorrow.
Minor offense in Singapore before I left. But in the Christmas spirit they decided to let me off with a Candy Caning.
Last night's game has brought the #canes' season to an end.
and it'd be filled with caramel macchiato not French roast. :)
« Dear Rubik's cube, Done! Sincerely, Colorblind»
Hey there, I got a spam DM from you just now.
I love it! This collaborated series is hilarious - can't wait to see what other kinds of spin-offs they come up with!
Spent 2 hours troubleshooting SSH - now don't remember why I wanted to use the commandline rather than web interface.
more like "every human alive ever makes up the craziest lies just so they can talk to there ex's"
#3WordsForYou I hate you
haha I will... seems pretty legit :)
woo thanks!
I love burger king.
Watching the thunderstorm roll in on Lake Ontario was pretty neat.
were incredebly close to reaching 800 likes on facebook so thank you to everyone whos "liked" our page and if you havent come check us out:)
Sun shining on the Bluegrass today
I just earned over $10 #cashback from SWEET!
awwwh! ): Don't give up, he'll follow you one of these days<3
Our New Zealand team members have finally reached family in #eqnz area. Thankfully all are accounted for. Homes are destroyed however.
so many twitter noobs :O
Merry Christmas Eve everyone! <3
balvenie doublewood is my powerpoint font for tonight's work. looks great.
Lol go Yotes! Been on the bandwagon since they killed the Blackhawks! Fuck Chicago!
#istandgrand please follow me!!
thanks for making the trek to #Edcampme great to have your wisdom and expertise
#goldrush...So frickin fantastic! This is the episode that makes you believe and makes you even more addicted.
Well Boom Boom Luke I just kicked my TV while freaking out watching the
This is getting real
Just published an article about what factors to consider when deciding whether to update or totally remodel your kitchen.
Just accidentally walked into the men's room at the U of M. What can you say to the guy at the funny sink excerpt, "Oops, wrong one. Sorry!"
Back at the crib in S.Fla trying to relax after my match in #Orlando last night. Which I WON! Dude was big too, 6'4" 350+lbs.
Enjoy #tvparty for just $5 tonight if you use the box office password! Just say "I'm here with George. George Glass." when you pay for tix!
nice meeting up with you in person!
Need the saints to lose but brees to throw for bout 300 tonight
C'mon. I'm calling you now. You'll love it I promise
congrats! NM will always love ya!
im so hungry.
Son of a bitch. I picked I'll Have Another.
they both have/had careers as working visual artists, in addition to acting!
indie music isn't the only kind of music that needs to be reviewed in a newspaper....
Time to music surf on youtube. =)
Yeah man I totally remember watching that. Dikemebe!!!!
you've won my vote during this #senatedebate. Very impressed!
Just want to wish the most beautiful girl n the world a very happy birthday today...happy birthday Danielle!! Love you!
big calls, small calls go wrong all the time. Every team, at one point or another, has benefited from a bad call.
My mom my brother all they do is yell at me. i feel so unloved and unwanted . i just want to end it all
Thunder is great, even when it sets off every car alarm on the block.
does anyone know how much tickets for the concert at the state fairgrounds are tonight?
Here the here the
I hope you make the trip to Miami for a performance.
Who is up for a casual mid-day looting of the Urban off Garnet? ?
ah ima do anything possible to get one!
honestly its like ive waited so long for something new from him... and this is what i get.. under the mistletoe..!!
Brady got left out of the MVP talk ! Y any 1 ?????
haha you should help and push it back into the ocean!!
"The only difference between aids and babies is you cant go to jail for accidently dropping aids" OKAY comedy central.
yea cause I thought you weird
Hah very true.
haha ah...never seen it
how does she scares u she is so nice to me
Initially, I was flattered.
thanks for that
Thanks for mention
oh! well he is a big one! He's big enough though, why risk it??
Dreamt about #mlanet12 last night. Apparently it takes place in a church. And there's a roaming penguin that takes photos.
Watchmen in Boston in 1767 had to keep a journal of their doings along their beats. They kept a log of the "Wheather".
Has anyone ever told you are beautiful?
I feel like of I died nobody would notice.
Looking for fun and unique, yet classy, #restaurant suggestions in Los Angeles, San Diego, and Las #Vegas! Any suggestions?
whats good big homie can i get a #followback i got some Chicago talent i need you to hear
I see mental lapses. How do you get a lay up opportunity on the other end of a free throw?
Beauty awakens the soul to act.
I wanna know
Love seeing my clients in movies and on TV. Especially love watching them in commercials while on the treadmill at the gym! So proud of 'em!
Relationship Advice to #Ladies STOP focusing on the ring and the dream wedding..instead focus on the #Beautiful relationship and marriage
Trespass, tickets and tragedy on the Hippie Cliffs
When reading epic fantasy, mentally replace each mention of a character's "waistcoat" with "sweater vest".
Let our on staff Professional Bridal Consultant help you have the wedding on your dreams. We LOVE Weddings!!!
They wanna get my gold on the ceiling
optimus prime shrug....
w8 is martin expelled i couldnt tell
The first universal characteristic of all great art is tenderness, as the second is truth. ~ John Ruskin
08 Justin Isosceles. Impressive, as always. Big chocolate, dark fruit nose. Layers of cherry, spice, vanilla. Oak throughout. 93 pts
Thanks Melissa!
Sneaking Sally Through the Ally
#2012c19 Peter Coviello: we're actually not normal, we're HYPERNORMAL!
I would drop my phone in the toilet. These past 10 hours have been rough without it. I don't know what I'm going to do.. :'(
My alcohol tolerance has clearly left me for someone younger. Last night I fell down on top of someone at someone I didn't know's birthday
Happy Mothers Day !!!
I agree. Can't figure out why he is in charge of the mens team. Drives me carzy. Why do they listen to him ?
Of course! We need to come up with some kind of hashtag and make it stick. My vote is for #UR!
- thk u for the KIND #FF - have a great weekend! u r the best followers!
Shelby! You are pretty. :)
#L1C4???? Cmon UofSmell fans, you are trying to hard....
Today is the day: hear Arneis in San Francisco! Beethoven, Kurtag, Britten. 7:00 pm at St. Cyprian's.
cool! She loved it.
lol we're talking on text and Twitter :)
Nope rudy no one by that name
Always been a fan but since i heard talk about you on show i think ive had like a teenage crush
Learning how to fold origami ravens.
ok man will do
Grand opening party 4/21 is generating great response.Will have great wine tasting from Waterford Wine company on Brady St. Spread the word!
Still no luck :-(
bullet proof lol
I know grown men who are afraid of that bridge lol!
If you weren't able to make it to Las Vegas go to the Pit tomorrow for the Selection Selection show. The Lobos will be a big part of it.
Doing a scientific investigation. Yay. I better get an A on this.
i feel like every announcement like this is met with general disdain from the rochester twitter population.
Television has brought back murder into the home - where it belongs
i never win a free trip from i try every time!
So. much. sneezing.
": I cried when i lost you" ?? Wth u ok ?? What happened
Had a great #NALP12 with Met a lot of great people, excited to talk to everyone about the great things Greenhorn is doing
Do any #artists have suggestions for scanners - just need a regular flatbed 8 x 10 one. My 4-in-1 is no longer doing the job.
lol I bet she will disagree on that one...tell her that you deserve it cus she ALWAYS makes u sit in the back seat of my car
lol u rt to hundreds no!
If you lay down with dogs you get up with fleas.
Haha, just realized the elf I'm romancing is Eve Myles. Woohoo!
The internet is changing the way even #Casting Directors are doing business. This is my 2nd electronic audition in two days. Convenient!
damn hope u r ok!
Time to put on some jeans or sweats!
Ah -- true. Those characters should be safe... But of the fictitious, was definitely not expecting that. Crazy, crazy turn.
Free hotdog, popcorn and cotton candy at Home Depot today.
I have no regrets. I wouldn't have lived my life the way I did if I was going to worry about what people were going to say. - Ingrid Bergman
#Milwaukee Today, Grab your work crew, call your buds & get down to Brass Monkey 2's (700 East Layton) Xmas Party, Specials, Food, Music.
Teen age girls will be the death of me in retail
RT : If you support new music, please have a look at what we have done free/unfunded. Pls consider helping us...
So this lady on #MyStrangeAddiction drinks her own pee what the fuck
Hi Robin! I hope you have an amazing day! I saw your Instagram and u have awesome style! What's your fav song?
... speaking of 'Hack' shallow bigotry: just google umairh+old+white+men :D cc :\
:( bulling is everywhere today.
Beautiful You Is Such A Great Song By <3
Armed robbery happened on same street, Rookwood Avenue, where attempted robbery happened Saturday
Any web devs out there ever experience odd behavior with borders on tables in Chrome? Spec. incomplete borders?
Looking for Hard Money Lenders in Florida.
RT : You never get a second chance to make a first impression."
Broken desktop, two laptops, and PS3
DC Family of 4 is defined as poor if they make less than $22k but an income of twice that amount is needed to meet basic need.
anytime :) will you be at school today?
Night vision!
It's going to be another beautiful day, happy Sunday!!
RT : Give me 20oz of coffee & a copy of Strunk & White & I can make students believe they can be better writers. If they get...
hey. Keep that P.M.A.
To run in the parks in Big Sur CA
got my nifty little dress pants, vest, and bow tie all ready for school tomorrow
uh ya lol.you ready for tonight
Looking at it now in retrospect, it could have been worst... :-)
Q: do u believe the gov should have 2 B involved w/ the fight 4 gay rights?I believe it shouldn't be the gov's business.
isnt that called p-bagging?
Yazeed Moore : Challenges include record levels of youth unemployment (and adults); fiscal crisis/resources for safety net;
RT HUGE congrats to all the Seniors at the Senior Faculty Banquet tonight - treasure these moments!
Great to see more pro-lifers on Twitter! Are you in California by any chance?
have a great labor day!
THANKS for RTs. Every so kind of you! :)
<U+2611>If you can skateboard
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.
I might post my job on teamwork online. But you'll never hear from me :)
damn it Apple. I might just have to get the 4s in the meantime after all.
Haven't been on in forever... Sorry guys! Following people back rn.
baby,baby, o
how did we not find earlier?
that warrants tweeting? At least I know you're on your way.
“: oh haha i thought thats what you meant #whydououliveinchicago?” I'm coming after work foo!
Ziplining is so much fun. That's awesome. Glad you had fun.
Wish I was a teenager again, what fun I would have if I could do it all over again, I would do alot more.
i cant wait to see you on the 1st at Island Water Sports in FLorida :D
if you took pictures or twitpics at #bloodybrunch today, would you be so kind as to email them to ?
SHOUT OUT ! FOLLOW HER.
I will be consolidating my Twitter accounts soon. Please follow me on my main account ZTAMS.
Thanks for the like, Brandon Eckaus!
That's even better!
"I will turn that pool boy, into a pool man" lol an old lady really shouldn't say that! #thatsrape xD
No shame. I'm waiting around for the West Coast feed...
I expect just as much love and respect as i give in return
Those just make me rage. I could never get the f'in straw in the stupid thing.
In Tampa? Suggest stopping by Sunrise Homes; great neighborhoods with range of floorplans you can try out on their interactive touchscreens!
lick your lips ;)
I wish I was prettier.
Got new golf clubs today
It's been 10 years and people are still talking about practice. Not a game. Not a game. Not a game. But we talking about practice!
Listening to music to get me out of my depressed mood ;D I'm feeling so much better o:
Tired. About to go to bed.
This is the first time I've ever slept alone in this house!
Looked like Mo's knee gave out
Never compromise sleep for shopping. Y'all have fun maxing out your credit cards.
Can I like...maybe... possibly..be your receptionist for your...high heel company? :D
wondering where to find info on SHARD project...
tea when I return from SF? i get back on the 27th so after that is good
Thanks! Very sweet RT : shout out to a beautiful and intelligent #NOLA woman
So happy is confirmed!!!!!! Happy dance screaming at the top of my lungs in the front yard!!!!!!!!!!
yeah right, red cross wouldn't want them busted up ass TAY TAAAAYS, WE NEVER PAY FOR COKE! THIS IS CLARENCE'S COKE.
probation after school !!!!
the right move is to push for a retcon: AO Scott never was a NYT critic, it was all a horrible editorial mistake.
hahaha thank you!
Obama is rallying voters today in Ohio & Virginia- he's kicking off his relection campaign at Ohio State & Virginia Commonwealth
The FIRST OFFICIAL FACEBOOK 2012 FITNESS CHALLENGE (FOFB2012FC)...All you have to do is commit to any type of work-out for 2012 FB> doc.prov
You have no idea.
Midol.. seriously it works!
QoTD: "People don't fail, they give up." (Unknown)
everyone gotta be shady tho nd not follow ..
Sore throat this morning but a slice of red velvet cake and second helping of coffee should help. :)
circuit night?
- HAHA Me To
"I want to be remembered as the guy who gave his all whenever he was on the field." - Walter Payton
whats going on
that yo head smaller then yo body :) and yo booty stank
your ass just found out???smh :/
too much of USF discussion is stuck in paradigm of dial tone
Life should not be SPENT alone because jus like that dollar you only get ONE.
no no... just steppin into conversations.
Hilarious that is showing Me, Myself & Irene right now. Well played.
Recovery from eye surgery would be easier if I hadn't developed a cold to accompany it!
My trust is like Playdo! Falls through if u play with it. Turns Rock solid if u keep it real!
I AM NOT AN ATTORNEY, I DON'T GIVE LEGAL ADVICE, watched Hannity, lot of info, tape,etc, STUDENTS MARCHING today"no justice, no peace" today
Is anyone alive .. Cuz I got home n went straight to work...
Sounds kind of personal don't you think?
RT : Life is too short to spend it trying to make ends meet. Never give up on developing new income sources. Work toward freedom.
think they will return by Wednesday or might we have to create a new environment?
Seriously? That really surprises me. What's wrong with your car?
We don't care if Darren White called it quits. All we care about is which of you dirtbags is gonna catch our next bullet.
Celebrating #CincodeMayo today with margaritas, morel & chorizo soft tacos and morel mushroom queso fundito!
My throat hurts like a mofo
True. Also, he should know that we're surrounded by delightful rivers and doesn't need to import Icelandic water to drink!
If you have a bad phone connection how about you try calling again? -___-
LOL! RT : wait...wasn't the Big East this year??? bwaaaa ha
my point of view on roids
So ready for school to start today! [^0^]
Just achieved inbox zero for the first time in a long time! Now how to keep it that way is the question.
I am meeting someone Saturday around 10 AM, but could be available afterward.
Long island medium is my show!
Burke is up, talks about how she is involved in our district.
I've lived with cancer longer than I have any man! 15+ years, 2x, my book on #Amazon "A Pocket Full of Posies My Life With Cancer"
And that's a wrap! FANTASTIC job by a for "My Pretty Maura". Very excited about this film
i deactivated my facebook page
"yay," indeed! I little snow here and there is always a pleasant treat... ;)
New Show Coming To GYGS TV LIVE. Nutritional Notes. Tuesdays at 1:00pm EST
Sometimes, I realize that anything is everything. Architecture is music. Literature is science. The future is naps.
Love this out-of-context comment from IT troubleshooter: "I'm finding it hard to reproduce." (I'd suggest keeping that to yourself...)
#GaryOldman says he gained weight for the role of Smiley in
“: i want a smart girl wit a dumb boooooootaaaaaaaay!!!!!!!”// that's me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
16 & pregnant done got outta hand.
"Help, I'm trapped in Debbie Gibson's car!" Love
fighting to stay awake
Was really excited about the Prometheus movie until I found out it wasn't about Prometheus at all.
i was =P
S/O to my #1 praying for you today as the Holy Spirit speaks thru you! #proud Granddaddy #beyond measure
...is what I was trying to say, yes. Only not very clearly.
Seen walking into bldg this morning in 6-degree temps, a Jerry Garcia type with sandals and no socks."No snow!" he explained.
Yo Charlie, lemme get some of that winning tonight!
Cheering you on through the sun and rain from the USA because #Chelsea is our name! Best of Luck boys!!
Happy 2012 to 'Inspirational Women'
look forward to Raw in my hometoen of Portland, OR next week! :-)
And by "talk" I mean live every waking moment in agony at his horsey passing.
so you've already been to the US?! :O
100 years ago today #Titanic set sail
A4) in the beginning... why wait? no time to waste. Be seen & heard at the same time. Ur product can do the rest.
My face is gonna melt off today
JUST GOT DONE WATCHING CHARLIE SHAKES IT UP AND I LOVE YOU CECE AKA ITS SO FUNNY HOW DID YOU FIT IN THE SUIT CASE
943 Traveler Fans and counting.... Are you ready for the big game?? I am definitely ready, let's run!!! Traveler
What would be the most helpful information to share with teachers about DiscoveryEducation at inservice? Ideas?
hey thanks for the follow:)
I'm coming to the game tonight!
penny is going home!
I GUESS IM OFFICIALLY BACK !!
Hehe my dog is retarded :)
great song cycle abt the planets tonight w/ sufjan stevens, bryce dessner, a drummer, pianist, trombone choir, and string quartet!
Heading to the 124th APLU Annual Meeting this weekend in San Fran? Follow live updates ; use #124APLU to join the conversation
Yes, was great catching up. Haven't been two WikiSym in two years, so we'll see how much it's changed. :-)
Setting up email servers is a task best saved for people you dislike.
Where are all the fights this weekend?
Missing you is my hobby, caring for you is my job, make you happy is my duty, and loving you is my life.
Headphones in and Dreamchasers 2 BLASTING if you see me bobbing my head don't bother me I'm in my ZONE
Slight Work
"I'll remember you. Just like I remember everyone that leaves."
Inaugural Bi-Monthly Serious Sunday(seriously) | Luman Walters
Fuck the problems in America, I'm gonna go get
no problem. so whats up?
haha thanks , I'm excited :)
Sometimes we're lucky enough to get recognition & sometimes not... Either way, our resume' keeps grower larger & larger & larger!..
Its Monday! Welcome to the week and its going to be a great one..trust us. Hope to see you all at lunch today!
Comments like he made show the depths of his ugly thinking and what he really thinks of women; he has shown us his truth.
Oral sex now main cause of oral #cancer: Scientists say that 64% of cancers of the oral cavity, head, and neck in the U.S. are caused by HPV
I am the only person here who doesn't know what it means. I need the gift of tongues.
God is good to me.
,im fine,x
Happy Valentine's Day from the ActoRectory!!!! Rate. Review. Connect. #Happy V-Day
love the man, you're just mad cause you got a B.
Post Recap complete!
RT know any companies that can drive us around wine country this summer? A lonely guy in his mothers Mini van?
I'm so ready for Saturday
Treat the earth well: it was not given to you by your parents, it was loaned to you by your children.
Loved the 30 Rock live show. SO to Donald Glover being on it
CONGRATS!!! RT : Thanks to the team at #Lithium for a great few days of content and education. And I got certified!
M, I wonder whats in the future for Austin(:
bout to watch haywire and relax
Tried Larry & Luna's new peanut butter & chocolate: Meh. Weak on chocolate. Not peanutty enough.
I want to meet Boo, the dog. That is all.
omg, HIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHI!..HI,to you too, :)
Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours is opening another location at Pier Park at on Fri May 18th! Can't wait! Keep your eye out for us!
CATs are the real deal...I'm a believer
Branding yourself.... Have a cool name! And let your freak flag fly
Went in at 1130, just now coming out of the gym. Leaving it all out there. Gotta come back 110%
Ahh, that's better!
#PRDLA UCB's Zhou on the impressive Digital Dunhuang project. Challenges include creation of a massive DAM and digi preservation system.
I knew it was you mama(: Gonna enjoy this.
Thank you for everyone Attending the GSO Chamber's Seminar at Apple Rock Yesterday, I enjoyed it and see you at the Show May 17th in GSO
I hate it when I know I'm getting my shit, I've been ODEE emotional this past week. Fuck man
i don't take anything personally
What, and just have Wallace back up Weeden this year? Trade McCoy... in 2013.
no, that's not what the score board on my TV displayed- but rather; ROLL TIDE ROLL!!!
Movie night with Noah & !!!!
Let the countdown begin! 63 Days until the people of #Wisconsin #Recall & / HOLD THEM ACCOUNTABLE!
I don't know why but everytime I take a final and it's my last final of the day I'm always starving! Thankfully my grandma took care of it.
was i still the last tweet or did someone tweet after me?
I just heard someone use dingdong like you use it
I'm not supposed to, but I'm taking breaks to work in the garden, too. It's currently 78 degrees here.
That's awesome! A good thing for sure. =)
Ukraine is game to you?
he said "Thank You" not fuck you.
“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.” —Dr. Seuss
A5: all the way.
I know right!! How U been miss thang??!! LOL
awe, thanks! Hope you have a great 2012! :)
that's exciting! Too bad I live in Chicago, otherwise I would've gone
Learn some fucking respect
LOL appreciate it!
I cant stop laughing!!!
Perhaps my wish of running 3 miles w/ will come true now that she's on twitter. I could easily pace her to a 9 minuite mile.
Anyone else catch shank completely jinxing the sox claiming the rays had no chance of coming back
This country needs a racism time out....so we can have real conversations. Way to go the Daily Show with Jon Stewart.
it's heartbreaking, and a little befuddling.
now that's at the top of every mother's wish list! You get brownie points;)
Jazz at the Clay. Right now. Yup.
News Flash: Only 12 tickets have been purchased for this years Super Bowl in Indianapolis.
As the stomach turns........
Pinkie pact!
Make sure you check out Beerfest tonight in Bossone at 6 pm! 15 for non-members, 10 for members.
Focus is waning fast...
Checkout www.strykerz.tv
Facilitated discussion on "What's the role of technology in relation to curriculum?" with
so happy don't ask don't tell got repealed today =)
Your question makes me thankful to be a reading teacher :)
Would it have killed them to wash it? I think I see a tiny 'wash me' written on the side of discovery :P
it is! I want to watch the rest of that documentary because it shows about the kid who drown another kid and just pulled a chair
Sing a song about the heartland...
Found the best greek restaurant in LA!!! Xandros on restaurant row...
Welcome to Twitter! Thanks for the follow!
I just love Billy.
soccer with a basketball. woah
but i have swag though and u just a sell out but im not buying
Safely crossed the border back into the US! Awesome experience building a house in El Niño with 26 teens! :)
we have to of my moms best friends kids over and my mom bought sixty mcnuggets for the six of us. When I came down there were four left.
Why is it this hot omg smh!
sea monkey stole my money :)
Let go of the hate in your heart.
bahahah I'm weak....u always got fb drama goin on tho
Eric Thames might have hit the warehouse on the bounce.
Betty is back tonight.
This weather been so ass all year
Your Choo gimp is down for the count again. You should pay someone to slap you if you ever draft him again. :)
no chance lal does this plus salaries have to match
all good here. Have a great day. It's insane already at Disneyland!!
Squeaker Weekend! Steelers, Mounties and Herd win in edge of your seat til the last play cliffhangers... a win is a win is a win!
When meeting someone new ask yourself, "What can I do to help this person?" By thinking this first, you'll build stronger relationships.
#thingsihate when doors have the same handles on both sides so you never know whether to push or pull
follow back
Thanks. We are too!
Good to know. When does it go away? Why did I get it? I mean, is it symptomatic of something greater going on? Thank you!
I don't think it should be, but I it usually is. Just the way things are going.
Paul you are very welcome! Thank you for the follow. Have a great week!
Countries involved in #PayItForwardDay include: #USA #Spain #Singapore #Bosnia #Sweden #SouthAfrica #India #Serbia & #Fiji |
He has his wing on with a C3 taped over his number. We wanted to do that last year and were told it wasn't legal.
It should signal something I find it hard to believe he was that bad off and no family members helped him
yes she's here...
Today was a good day.
wow! mexican delivery hungry call now look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo or call 303-999-0785
...How 'baut I just bring some real refs. But still, 4-3 despite "marginal" calls. oughta get an Oscar. #Pens yo
listening to
true: n I been doin everythng 4 him on my own so umma d great work proud single parent
Loved #NEWLYWEDS the best yet film by A $9K budget that puts the studio system to shame. On Amazon & iTunes, worth every cent.
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
Hmm, Clete Thomas or Andy Pettite? Who's better affiliate? MRT Clete Thomas cleared waivers and assigned to
Always got to be ready.
what are you learning?? Lover!! Xo
Is it hot or cold? x
Just learned that is recognizing me as a 2011 Up and Coming Lawyer! I am surprised and honored.
Official hashtag set by for today & tomorrow's Oregon Active Transportation Summit: #oatsummit Brown sugar & raisins anyone?
Come to the taping of Family Feud tomorrow in downtown ATL. Double breasted suit required RT : Double-breasted suit not required
a year
Where's Winter? March-like temps for the first week of 2012 - KVOA Tucson News Where 's Winter? March-like temps for the first week of 20
thanks Tom! We will keep you in mind!
You could say the same of Eddie Murphy, who went from delightfully profane in "Raw" to cuddly in "Nutty Professor"
Thanks for sharing our news! :)
if you want some help on the clothing line feel free to ask.
Need social media for your biz? #YergerTech rate special: $800/mo. Includes e-mail. Ends #Christmas!
SHUT UP. SHUT UP. SHUT THE FUCK UP. SHUT UP!!!!!
Intense scene on Titanic.
My man #AI on Swizz Beatz new video
Where's my garlic bread?
You should come sign in Florence this weekend with TJ, Lamb, and Teague. Will be a big turnout from the #BBN in NKY!
Have I gone on & on about Sade already? She's amazing . . . her concert is actually BETTER than the CD!
Good morning fellow tweeters
Dear Followers, please don't unfollow. Sincerely, following you
I really want to know who gave money to this thing. And theres not even the (relative) safety net of Kickstarter.
Who cares if the didn't make the playoffs? Working hard and playing hard is what it's all about.
You are so welcome. Great info you are tweeting! RT : Thanks for the RT, Elizabeth
Straight from THE AVENGERS press conference to for a screening of THE RAVEN with a Q&A w/ John Cusack and Alice Eve after.
Hey, can you guys do coffee at like 830?
Cactus and what else? I have only had cactus w/ eggs...
Encourager, thankful, happy
who's taking you home then?
So glad that our original call time of 7AM got pushed to 11AM. Wish I could have used that extra time to sleep though. Blargh.
I gotchu sweetheart
. by my handle, tomorrow is special day. Any advice as where to spend it? ;-)
#StGeorgesDay was a major feast and #NationalHoliday in England on a par with #Christmas from the early 15th century.
I was a HUGE Marvel FASERIP fan in the 80s. Tied w/ B/X D&D as the game we played the most. Definitely shaped the way I game.
me too!! and for good reason
I know I've been talking about getting a new number but since (414)THE-BEST isn't available, I am going to keep the same number.
talking the truth on right now.
So glad you like it!
ist kinda cold out here o:
": You have new girlfriends for a lil while but ex girlfriends forever":-)
Awe made my day. Thank you.
thanks. I read a lot on your website and found it extremely helpful and would like to document my experience for others also
its funny how our bodies think THC is SO important that they store it in our fat for 30 days, rather than dumping it with everything else..
how u?? U hard to find.
Logic: The art of being wrong with confidence...
I just had a red velvet Dimples Cupcake. It was AMAZING!
I think my head is about to blow up.
I'm so happy to have a #father that is #almighty and who #loves unconditionally. I will worship you #God #Jesus #HolySpirit forever & ever!
Saw a preliminary shoot. You are awesome!
It looks so pretty outside! :)
Taylor Swift: The Story Of Her Top MTV Moments Lady Gaga Sports Pregnant Belly On 'Saturday Night Live'
That awesome moment when the person you miss randomly texts you.?
Thanks for posting, Dee!
I but live to serve.
sounds like it we need to catch up soon.
All is well, thanks for asking!
LLC Report Filing Deadline Approaching Is your business an LLC formed in Delaware? If so, you probably know that your annual report deadl
His Highness Sheik Zayed bin Sultan bin Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan is here with us. Ceremonies about to begin.
& she loved him very, very much.. even more than she loved herself. <U+2764>
Make it your lucky day for all you superstitious people...have lunch at Taco Time today!
Speaking of G+ as garden, are you sauntering around said garden?
Congrats to the crew ! I wish I could take a pint of that pistachio gelato home with me...
Happy V-Day to one and all.!!
“: Fight for the people and the things you love, no matter what tasks or risks you may face, it will be worth it.,,”
we are only two more classes till we gone
great! thank you! ;)
sounds fun...we're happy to be the times sq. The Heights HQ.
You need to think about audio and lighting when you're creating video for training. A script is crucial
Dear Page One clerk: when someone tells you they are a Holocaust survivor, "congratulations" probably isn't the appropriate response.
I need to get a new laptop ASAP!!
will be the only nigga late to his own god damn funeral!
ya he's the abominable hoe man act like y'all don't know
Awesome, Kev! How long will your art be up for?
After our Open House/Book Swap one lucky little girl walked away with some of our balloons! So cute!
And finally, 's Trevor Corlett's moves in the semis!
i am tired of drama
Happy Birthday Madelyn !
I'm in the process of finding someone to try them out on...hehehe
#FF some fantastic #CMI partners and friends!
I Really Really Like You!! <3
got damn,,, im rich as fck # Wiz
Large iced latte -- the magic trick for getting through an HR presentation with content I've already seen/heard.
abd wearing another man's initials is softer than soft.
I'm working on it now. I've got a "hook up" if you will. haha
So glad mom is gone. I need me some idol time.
Just watch Battle Royale for that
I would love some One Direction concert tickets.
Gotta love ur best friends one day they <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> u the next day they hate u <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
Happy anniversary! Your psycho/logical observation cracked me up!
In the lib on a Sunday...What does a weekend feel like?
I came down of the side of it being functional, primarily due to inconsistencies within and across tests and suggestibility
Can somebody text my sister please and tell her I won't be speaking again today as I'm going through a football related mental breakdown
I was out with the flu. sorry. hope you had fun. good luck in TX
i see I have a few mutual golf lovers following me <3 might have to share a pick soon of me working on my drive ;)
mickey D's here we come! (;
Quote of the Day: Choose a job you love & you will never have to work a day in your life.....Confucius
Viva's been a blast! # VLV15
Catch this & support our friends: “: Great Day Houston this morning at 9a, R4S volunteer, Rakhi Desai talking about quinoa.
Just thinking bout some stuff right now
Twitter may crash
I think it's more a tie in device with the steam tv thing from a year ago. Think apple tv for steam. That seems more logical.
RT : Win tickets to see Johnson Vs McCall on Fri, June 8 at #BankAtlanticCenter in Sunrise, Fl. Follow to...
Travis Benjamin may only be 5'10, but the guy runs a 4.3 and can be a good West Coast weapon. I like the pick, and love the speed.
Exclusion is wrong. Period. Those "other" people? They are yourself.
Dear lawd help me- 4am wake up.
It'll all be worth it some day
So the Brewers didn't take care of the Cards at Miller Park. Can they expect a sweep at Wrigley? How about a series win?
WTF is up with this? Minaj needs to go away. Truly bed time.
Steve Novak? Steve Sanity? SS? WTF!
By ignorance is pride increased; those must assume who know the least.
i don't straighten my hair!!! LOL
Star reaching
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Becca Ledford for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 18U Team
#iloveitwhen you're home alone and you scream the weirdest things at the top of your lungs
Nicola "Nicki" Sue Kenseth battled Alzheimer's disease and died Tuesday at age 63 at Oak Park Place in Cottage Grove
The dancing video is taking forever to upload!
That would be absolutely amazing. I am working on a few travel related blogging projects as we speak!
Omg :D How do you know :o
this is true. It really gets on some people's nerves.
Thank you for the mention! Have a great weekend! <U+263A>
Came home from school early. Being sick sucks, and being at school doesnt help!:/
too much fun!!
#incollege you meet lifetime friends
Ugly bitches at baseball game
been on this site u just passed a bruh bye lol im gr8
where and when? Thursday evening towards East side of Metroplex?
good article Laura!
listen to her new song for that new snow white movie! its like breathe something hahaha. but its good!
i feel bad
RT : RT : Don't forget to stop by the Harpoon tasting we are having at the pub tonight from 7-9 tonight
I wonder how many Mikey cats she's had in the past 40 years.
Just finished my "Century Rock" playlist for tomorrow's ride. This better rock my face off seeing how I have to wake up at 5:30am.
So Sweet! Sorry we missed it. Loved having you on CBS8!
Snow will not hold me back! Halloween or bust!
just got back 1hr
I found him at MY APT...after my gps took me 30 min out of my way for no reason! #ThisFuckingNight! :(
please, be Friday, please be Friday!!! Are you serious its only Tuesday??
The lucky one! <U+2764>
For the first tyme there has been no drama for months nw # winning
....& I hate these people who use ">" on all their tweets. This ain't math class !
The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow
lol u deleted the tweet that said you dont
possibly in the future as long as there's no karaoke. Don't know if my ears can handle that noise
I love midwest charm...wouldnt grow up anywhere else.
About to hit stilletos and exposure tonight. They fucking with that Break A Bitch College Hosted By: Pimpin Ken
Email me for bookings at
My mama asked me "Why you got such a big chip on your shoulder, Son?"
Bake sale April 2, 2011 is bringing Austin's food community together to raise $ for work in Japan!
Never too late to start!! 43...
Give your family the gift they really need — Cleaner carpet and cleaner air!
Developing partnerships with corporations is an opportunity for the company and the business school to share and create new knowledge
I would like to thank my little brother for sucking out all the fun of playing the Pokemon video games.
Dutch Prime Minister Offers Cabinet Resignation; Dutch Queen To Consider It.
So? Is it 1997?
RT BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA!
Happy Valentine's Day from all of us at The Roger!
Hey mouthbreather, who do you have going 5th in your mock draft?
Ford Le Mans GT Raglan Shirt – Classic Race Car White/Forest T-Shirt
who liked Cody Simpson? I really don't his songs are corny as hell lmfao. ~gianna~
growing up in a city doesn't equal disservice. I think that perception is just hard to take, for obvious reasons.
still feeling way to sick from last night :(
I sneak out for coffee refills during commercial breaks
Favorites at #baconfest we're from
My Starbucks changed its soy milk, forever ruining one of my fav treats the soy latte.
That's so Creigh. RT : How about , my former intern, leading Octagon's #marchmadness pool?
man, the next thing you know will be RTing you!
Survived my first New Mass. I should've practiced.
haha yeah I know(: awww. I'm sorry! that really sucks! Im sure you'll get him to follow you again! I hope he follows me too(;
Now what do we have here, an outlaw and his beer. I run this land, you understand, I make myself clear.
Ideal weather in today for putting my new waterproof shell to the test. here I come!
Did you know facebook accounts for 1 in 4 online page visits!!?? If this doesn't scream opportunity, what does?!
transcription is hella slow
you just are lol when you retweeted my shit aha
if you are a single girl you should hmu;)
his little legs are really moving. This race makes me nervous though. I hope everyone ends up ok.
Getting caught in those, "it`s not what it looks like" moments. -_-
Amare Stoudemire is in fact, a 'glass hole'.
haiku: Arby's get complaints, Boy finds finger in sandwich, Carlos missed that deal
great tool!
You're awesome!
then do something about itt ": I'm so bored <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>"
Controversial #Civilwar Novel on General Hooker & Mercury poisoning. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle Free to Prime.
TY for the RT! Thanks for reading.
i seriously only work 4 hours today and then i have an audition for tonight
how about 'the full monta'
it started out with creepy organ then this overtone-y German droning kicked in. We were like WTF
a must try! Come back and see us again soon.
Task completed.
Going to a kids birthday party is like going to the dentist... It will suck & u will be happy when its over
Banks: Why do they attach chains to their pens? If I<U+FFFD>m trusting them with my money, they should trust me with their pens
Watz good people
OMM! My aunt and brother is in Lexington right now :D I'm in Harlan :/
oh get it gurl
So great to see this pushed forward!
No eyes RT : “: I would wear a pamper.” sideeeye"
Otp w| . I love this guy .
You put your arms around me and I'm home.
#TheBestThingInLifeIs Gods love <U+2764>
says "I represent African American people. And they are not represented in the budget process right now."
Witnesses at #McGovern office. Nadja Brickle-Philadelphia talks about sisterhood of witnesses advocating for other moms &kids.
I was crying laughing last night
so jeal! have fun
Hey Jovita, how have you been?
I'm over Angelina. She needs to eat a sandwich and stop taking herself so serious.
I will be at Strut 512 tonight!!! Will you?
Having lunch with former student in my hometown. So nice when older students still want to keep in touch!
online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
"Heart is the one which sails the sea of emotions. Brain just brings to the surface whatever your heart is going through"
lol that too!
My only goal that's been completed is seeing him live I still need alot!
it took seeing her on Bill Maher to make u feel that way? Hell, how did u feel about her before??
its hot here In az come here lol
I Want more tatts
don't put it on Facebook my mom will see lol
I know as soon as I lose you that's when I'll miss you the most.
No more shots since I'm driving
Atlanta! We expand our network of sponsors! Are you interested get in contact with us!
be safe and have a blast you two!!!!!
What an awesome sunset behind Safeco Field. Too bad the Mariners are ruining the view.
oh, kayla how I have missed you.
Soror you should come checkout my Showroom here in Chicago if you're ever looking for some Fly Attire!!
Sometimes I'm #TooMuch for myself , #GodHelpMe<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>
Hope everyone has a Safe and Happy Halloween!
okay! that's fine :)
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks Lady - I'll be a nervous wreck on Tuesday!
but...but...digging around dino poop for a cell phone that most certainly would ring in those horrific conditions! CINEMA
Homework, shower, and sleep(: I decided I'm also going to drive to Starbucks tomorrow, just to come home and catch the bus c:
The BRAND NEW DMWILLIAMS.ORG IS HERE!!! Check it out....DMWILLIAMS.ORG
Sushi rolls and Korean BBQ!!!
When he's at the pool, using his girlfriend's phone. hahahahahahaha.
“: I'm the type of person, who laughs at my own texts before I send them because I'm so damn funny.(;”TooPretty_janae
I don't know beautiful ... what's your name?
rush limbaugh just used the word "femmenazi"
RT : #Huawei has held an industry analyst conference for years, but this is the first time there’s a significant presence of...
You know it ;)
i cant sweat that because i love the kid.
McNabb, now you lost me w/ hating on Twitter. Just because you're not a Twitter fan doesn't mean it's not a great way 2 connect w/fans
Poetry Slam Fam: Find out about what's going on around the country with the new SLAM! National Newsletter!
I thought this morning I would feel better but 39 yard field goals from center of field should be automatic.
i really hope he comes to my bonfire. i would be so happy. and especially since i have no other friends going. yolo.
Been $ingle forever .!.!.
In the tattoo shop..
Legalize:It would solve a lot of prob. save money spent on enforcement and kill the trade with criminals..
Friday light nights
my body is no longer my temple, it's more like a bar and grill.
Our staff's safety is paramount. Our policies are built on staff/customer safety. We will not allow guns.
#oomf is just down right gorgeous just love me
Only slightly embarrassed that I just saw a reference to "PETA" & thought someone had misspelled "Peeta"
“To forgive is the highest, most beautiful form of love. In return, you will receive untold peace and happiness.” Robert Muller
why does it matter where the hosts are from? As long as the show rocks....who cares!!!
The nerve of some people.
Asia's anthem "Heat of the Moment" on XM 80s on 8 - reminds me of so many painfully awkward grade school dances...
Thanks for following my twitter Marisol. I too am a surfer and have had the privilege of surfing with the dolphins.
fantastic show! Can't believe what access they have to show it step by step
Thanks Orangutans! We love Janey, we'll be there this weekend. Happy Birthday Janey!
Perhaps becoming antiquated esp. as more 3rd party content is integrated into .gov. Annoying, but not fundamentally problematic.
I want to burn your house down.
Good point. But grown-up users can accept an incentive and then tell you your site is awesome, even as they flail. :)
hayley your hot
Cause it's Hyuk right? xD
The storm is coming....
Any plans for tonight? Call me and I’ll get you right in at ECCO 818-631-1899 Dj MisterE will be tearing it up all night on the turntables!
you have GOT to be kidding me...
Hopefully this weekend. Hopefully....
The phosphates in soft drinks increase the amount of calcium excreted into the urine, says Elizabeth Somer, M.A., R.D.
Loving the amber color of the sunlight today. Looks like sunset-quality light even though it's mid-afternoon.
Braving the snow to watch Maiden Milwaukee Roller Derby
I hope you come to your senses one day :/
RT : Apple strudel has flaky, sugary crust w/ walnuts, raisins. Vanilla bean ice cream w/ caramel sauce with it-yum!
Gotta stop hitting SEND before U am ready!
On break bored
Ladies follow for AWESOME tweets for girls on love, WOMEN, relationships, men and much more!
yea! How r u?
We have teamed up with www.USAMusician.net now FREE SEO for both musicians and music venues!
and New Edition are gonna be in Charlotte on the same night.Thats probably why there are so many good seats left for the drake show<U+E402>
That's so pretty! Hell I would want that as my current room and I'm well in my 20s! :p
what does she promote, who does she help, does she love God really? The lord, more like the devil, seriously are you this ...
There were problems with uploading. And definitively man.
Don't let nobody have control over you.
I'm such a sap. I always tear up a little when I watch the Snape/Lily scene
'Thanks to Most excellent' Thom Yorke
Our UW location is open today! Come and get your waffles.
my cat is snoring.
go to www.turkeyandfriends.org for more gobble gobble fun!
Who's down for a popsicle party? What's your favorite kind?
its begins in 4 minutes !!!
applies to all brands
brb buying like a million copies! ;D!!
13 year olds: "Gonna lose my virginity YOLO." Okay I'm going to just sit here and watch you get aids or get pregnant hoe.
So very tired
One Falu over the cuckoos nest
Everyone knows Carlos is the only boy I text or wanna talk to right? Making that clear for who doesn't understand.
LOL well you can always make more kids...SB Rings are harder to come by! ;-)
and even thrice wiser to get there at 8 pm, because I think that's when we really hit
(fumbles the binoculars & Canola Oil) cc:
Mark Waldoch tending bar at Cactus tonight. How can you resist?
Takeaway from #OFC2012 day 1: biodiversity is incredibly complex, but incredibly rewarding when one learns to work with it.
The spaces between your fingers are meant to be filled with mine.
Happy to have your follows. Thank you:
...and his sponsors just want him to get it done, and they want it to work really, really well -- in some context. That's all for now EOM
We are having a lovely day at the office. .. music and tea. what else can you ask for?
I know, hehe.
Liberal media bias long-running RW hoax, repeated so often uninformed ppl believe it. Move toward center duznt wrk cuz #GOP won't!
Next check I'm getting a tatt.
I'm about to surprise my roommates with a couple of awesome birthday presents. I really hope they don't have Twitter
thanks honey that was very sweet.
“: One word to describe the Bulls championship hopes: SNAP!!!!!!” go bucks!
WAKE UP!
Go Dude
Oh in need of Starbucks! Nescafe coffee sucks!! #starbucks #starbucks!!!!! -.-"
Never mind this might be legit. She's still weird though
UW and Marquette play every single year.
thank you!
Just found out I lost someone VERY close to me about an hour and a half ago.... he was my best friend and my inspiration.
ha! never my friend, we're both starting too old to ever be real coders :)
no oh my god embarrassing
wasn't a good song choice for me
No type of sympathy around here.
A few small items that I'll be driven 2 do that r part of a larger project can often b enough 2 get the focus where it needs 2 b
See why I want to win?
#AskObama 1. Every dollar spend in Early Intervention says the state and the country $7 to $17. Why is NYS cutting its program so?
Just 8 more p0rnbots and I'll be at 100 followers. Thanks and !
#Bruins better get there shit together today at home cause only the Griswolds had a worse road trip then the one we just had
“: Playwriting while listening to Oh the memories. I miss you guys terribly.” // MISS YOU! Best of luck today!
does anyone really care? #ke$ha = hotmess
I was so busy proctoring exams that I forgot to let teveryone know that it's Audition Week here at Peabody! lots of excitement despite snow.
good to see you and the family - keep me posted on Nats Yanks!
Hi Ingrid, sorry for the delay in responding but I'm still learning this whole Twitter thing. Thanks for the mention!
RT : "How many of you rent a movie you've seen before? Get a life!" -
benching the bar ;)
Okay, so I have a tape deck and an iPod outlet in my car, but that's it. No CD player.
Special thanks to the players as well, for their patience and understanding during the marathon championship!
Chillin Wit Some White Bitches, Cause They Richer Then The Richest
Yes! Haven't dived in yet.
Do we srsly still have a Department of Agriculture? What do they do, clone tomatoes?
#imagine Boy :" Uuh hey sexy whats ur name? You: Ahm i´m (ur name). Harry:" Uhm hey and this is my hand that will punch u if u dont go.
oops! show this Friday. haha
Beastie Boys glow stick dance orgy happening now.
Bored at class shitt
Take the time to watch a person's life before you give them your heart.
See what happens the next time you don't reply to a text message!!!!
#reasonswhyilovecody his personality is one of a kind (:
Here comes the crash from all that caffeine
Your mindset dictates a life of abundance or scarcity, possibility or impossibility, wealth or poverty & love or hate.You choose.-Zach Marcy
you had me at "food photographer". but the visit to your website is making re-think a lunch options!
me too
yeah I know but hopefully it'll happen haha
Need some tools to complete your chores around the house? You are in luck! We have some in the warehouse, get them next week on DealShow!
Introduce yourself to Joe from the Extreme Brickover 5 competition. Read his blog to find out why he wants to get healthy....
well that's me in red November 27th 2008 20 pounds heavier ... lol "Thanksgiving" at H.S. Reunion Mixer
aww she is beautiful! We had those pjs too! Congrats to the three of you :)
I'm a grammar nut. Except Twitter makes me slip sometimes...as does autocorrect. The road to hell is paved with Tweets.
It's funny to me how people can think so highly of themselves...it's like I'm sorry you're not a demi god
#thatawkwardmoment when your chem teacher tells you your shorts are too short and makes you go change into jeans
At the show at the Capitol Theater--the banjos are getting tuned! Should be fun!
You get mad over the littlest things
FLA is one of my favorite bands <3
God damn I want #friedchicken. , we're going to Kenmore tomorrow to get it. No ifs, ands, nor buts about it!
Gemini - a kind, funny, compassionate person who is sometimes wrongly perceived as conflicted, cunning, and somewhat out of control.
#RIP Grandma, I'll always love u!
working on converting all of my machines to windows 7. yes it's a beta but it sure works well. better than vista.
410 words to go....
Check out our song "Who I've Become" on myspace! www.myspace.com/iamforyoumn
They are finally playing a day to remeber on star 98.7
so you need a new hair color
RT "I'd like to talk about politics, but first, a little 'Foggy Mountain Breakdown'" - RIP Earl Scruggs
My dog cough is back .. Fml thanks stupid weed. !!
yah I'll bring one if we playing
Line item: "93 hours of my time ($1m/hr)"
You da best
I know its time to do laundry when I'm wearing my free shirt from freshman year from the bookstore.
Maybe when I finally become a yuppie I can hire someone to do that for me. (<U+2312>-<U+2312>; )
uh...honey is NOT supposed to go bad, right?
Tough: Trying to explain the phrase, "counting sheep" to your Filipino spouse.
loves that patients get to relax in our massage chair before treatment! They love it too, obviously... www.3cpdx.com
Hope Everyone Had A Merry Christmas!!! Enjoy your friends and family!!!
Today is probably beautiful on the inside. /via
I'm still being worked on in that dept. cuz usually I always am lol
Haha, the fact I don't remember doing it doesn't rule out the fact I still could be guilty.
That moment when you wanna flip on your best friend for makin a bad mistake, like jwoww did to snooki, but you remember, she fuckin needs u
The whole bleeding thing is getting more mileage than I thought :) #SOBCon cc
House is on
just wet my pants due to all the dirty talk. you kiddies should wash your mouth out with soap
the Winnebago guys weren't too pleased. It had just been sold & was in the shop. Paid $400 for damages. Crazy moment.
What Time Sun?
This wilderness book I checked out from the library smells like dirt, sweat and patchouli. Which reminds me of the places/people I've loved.
You were great, ! Big fan of what you do. Girl power, for sure.
I'ma stay me no matter where I go or what I do.
if you've never had to breath out the side of your mouth while eating pussy, you dont eat pussy
cool what aac stuff did you talk about
Sending #LOVE to at !! Can't wait for the next issue!! #fashion #art #photography :D
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: Alcohol is often consumed at a poker table even though "real" players hardly drink. Make sure your mind stays clear.
Lin is 6'3" 240lbs. So basically, he's me minus 30lbs. Diet starts tomorrow!
Follow me back,Is Awsome related to Desperate Housewives online streams
lol run it.
I need a girl to ride, ride, ride I need a girl to make my wife I need a girl who's mine, oh mine I need a girl in my life
Lots of rich info sharing at the HBS Dynamic Women's Conference happening now at
Dem 8hrs drained me today
That awkward moment when you wave and smile at someone but they don’t see you.
Oh nothing
Soon indeed! I'm gone next week but should be around before and after. Beers!
Were gonna go through everything together. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB>
I know God is here 4 me & will take care of my situation 2day & what I can't control, I've already left in his hands. Thank you God
As the weather heats up, it's time to slim down. Try our new waistline-friendly Spa-Tinis (200 cals a glass) & delicious brussel sprouts!
when we having drinks? n will b jealous!!
WEDNESDAY THOUGH
SPRRIIIINNNGG BREEEAA...oh wait i still have to work.
Trying to raise $2,000 to attend the Wisdom Course. Almost there. Due in Denver in 15 days. I will be there. Faith, Abundance,Mastery an
Totally felt loved. Thank you, artifice!
Thanks! It was an honor to witness his performance and tap into his knowledge of the city.
Which Means That's All Tha Time Lbs .
Predictable? Like us winning NC's?
#Vanimal was vicious tonight!
Yup. There's a guy on my block with a light saber tho. So I guess fifth and Tasker is safe.
lol. I'm still going to enjoy it :)
This weather makes me want to sleep.
Oh no... they were from a really negative period in life/teaching. Don't need to go back there. Need fresh, positive start.
nice shot swish! You hit that cause meeting me today was good luck!
Tomorrow at : punk/rnr night SPECIAL EVENT with the BLIZZARD BABIES!! Sneak peek of their new ep, release show thurs!
How bad is the real estate market in Florida? More than 30,000 mortgage industry professionals appear to be missing in action.
let's all go shopping!
GOING H.A.M AT THE CLUB? COME EAT AT HUSTLIN' STEAKS 4617 LANCASTER AVE WEST PHILLY OPEN TILL 4AM FRIDAY AND SATURDAY west philly stand up
Congratulations Hailey Anne Nelson on her new job TCBY Germantown. Anyone up for a yummy treat?
I bet you're happy that this weekend is almost over!
Today in Literary History: On March 14, 1887 Sylvia Beach (bookseller and author of SHAKESPEARE AND COMPANY) was born in Baltimore.
500 Likes means.... I give away a free session! Who wants one?
the only good thing about going to work is listening to my iPod on the ride there..
Well that's great that you have options! But i wouldn't be the best person to give advice on your education. That's all you!
my night has resorted to me singing La la la Luongo.
LOL! RT : she hates when I quote her on twitter. Maybe one day she'll finally sign up herself. :-)
pardon but she followed me first
definitely! i think it is what seperates the good from the , maybe not bad, but boring writers.
love u to u look handsome n ur avi
Oh no. This Emmy Tones is a bad idea. With people I like.
Taking a break from Max Payne 3, enjoying a little sunshine.
Please follow/RT
That can't be the same Milwaukee Scott Walker tells anyone who'll listen is a hellhole. Can't be.
glad to share a Panther win with you my friend.
ive never been in one eithier, its okay!
Syracuse due to match up zone and length that they have.
Thanks for the follow beautiful !
If you learn from defeat, you haven't really lost. - Zig Ziglar
The boy now likesKaty Parry, Raekwon and Phish -- must be mine
it's Mayra... lol! but goodnight! :)
Reserve VIP Sections for Birthdays, Bachlor and Bachlorette Parties or any special event! Contact 971-275-4272
Nothing against Verlander but a a guy that plays every 5th day shouldn't get the MVP award. He doesn't even play in 75% of the games.
I love unexpected free time. Won't last long, though. This week will be crazy!!
Wonderful, thank you for the article.
I'm supposed to tell you you owe $5 :)
My friend just joined twitter! :)
www.facebook.com/mjafloral
Gearing up for this Sunday. Hope to see you there!
Can't use my #hulu account on my
CTA bus seats are a million times itchier through my tights <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
A BIG welcome to our new fans!
damn dude -__- but we play Saturday at 1 an 5 we play the rams
haha I know
how u get in twitter jail lol
odd future is so dope tyler the creator is da illest hes so explicit nd crayzy
Fair and honest network camera reviews, check them out: www.networkwebcams.com/
Posada was running really hard down the line. the guy is desperate for a hit
some crazy flys under the radar and bites a man in the ass when he let's his guard down.
keep watching we're about to talk #studentloans!
I'm such a nerd but I could watch National Geographic and the History channel al day.
Any of my #Atlanta Twitter friends/followers do Spoken Word / Poetry? Looking for a place to perform, hit me up! Especially amateurs.
Btw y'all, looking for some great sounding tangle-free earbuds, any recommendations would be mucho appreciated!
Maybe the lakers want ron artest to have 1 game under his belt before they play the thunder
I only keep people in my life who ain't on the bull. If you bout drama you can move along with that fuckery because I'm one insensitive SOB.
I cant wait until football season starts! Basketball is also right around the corner
It sounds cool, but I'd much rather go into the Have been to the old Mint in SOMA though.
It was good. Love ya too!
I want them to have new hats!
oooohhhh, i get it...... is it my sciency outlook that affects my sense of humor, or am i just not punny?
#Gingrich excited by developing #hologram technology; has finally figured out how he'll actually debate
Hows it going JT? Nice to be connected with you
Don't forget to turn back your clocks tomorrow night!!!!
PSA: You have to earn the nickname "Black Magic."
Icy hot is a lifesaver
Thanks for the follow ! I hope you can visit my house soon!
A book is like a garden carried in the pocket. ~Chinese Proverb
Is this real life?! A new video from today, and a new song from tomorrow?!
Too funny! Jeffrey- I will have my new VO site up soon-Love to work with you too, thanx so much for finding me! huggz kk ryder
interesting - so shld i hire you (in a non-burnouty way)to help us get advertisers for links/payment on horseboyworld + endangerous
At value village shopping for an ugly sweater party. The choices are endless...
You're so right :) All my moves have been adventures. Here's to more adventure!
Groan :) ": Gorge-ous (HA!) weather in Hood River."
I like making people uncomfortable.
Very proud of our city for producing an inspiring & thought provoking event. Enjoy & have some for us who couldnt make it!
Ricky Rubio is a interesting PG. He reminds me of Rondo the way he affects the game without scoring a lot of points.
Thanks for checking out our Local lip balm story!
Can I get a tattoo? Like, noww.
You can't be suprised about the dislike considering the effort you expend irritating and agitating people
Had an insanely long day! Im happy its over!
A lifetime of training for ten seconds. -Jesse Owens
www.allergyeats.com: rate your restaurant experiences with your #foodallergy! Help us find safe restaurants to enjoy!
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. -Harry S. Truman HAPPY PRESIDENT'S DAY WEEKEND!
That was one long ass weekend, the liquor shits are clogging my toilet real bad
On the Market: The owner of one apartment in...
we can't wait!!
Are you already behind on many other projects and just saying yes to avoid accountability on other issues?
As Stephen King said, Cut, Cut, Cut!
Follow up work with #SamChristensen tonight in Atlanta. Really looking forward to hearing peoples results.
Um, more sushi please. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B1>
It's Tuesday April 25, 2012... Do you know where your Chief Gobzavangelist is???? About to change the way the economy works!!!
hey we should talk more often
I wish I would've went w/ my Aunty ..
Yes. I think a tax code featuring large EITC, large exemption, few brackets and 0 deductions would be just; promote growth.
what I meant by awesome was your heart thingy, not my twitcon, that would sound all conceited...so yeah its cool :P
check out Passions by K on facebook for great #accessories!!!
I'm so hungry !
I wonder if hanging post cards around places like Flying Star and Hastings would help get my site out there?
follow me so I can reply to ur messege because it wont let me
Watched DVR of #noreservations Further proof that Tony Bourdain is more than a travel show. Kudos to Sean Penn also.
I drink one pop and i gain 5 pounds. sigh x
Really bored
they give me hope.
Excellent. I'll start working on a few things. MISS YOU.
Weeded from reference collection today: "American Novelists of Today". From 1951.
Thank you for following. I followed back like always. Much Love & Peace to you. Stay On Your Vibe.
You just had one like a day ago! Soo funny! :-)
Just heard marvin Gaye and Chardonnay on the radio, def our summer jam
#SHRM11 - already booked for #SHRM12 in Atlanta.
thrilled to meet w/director of mobile learning center, great effort to evaluate impact of #mobile tech in the classroom
And it will be LOUD.
Had a fun interaction with my neighbor today. N: Oh, so you work at Hooters? Me: Yes N: Is that a cylon sticker on your car? Me: Yup! N: O_o
Damn it Anthony go to sleep
OMG meRtonites on TWITTER!!! Sweet
- thanks for making FNA happen for so long! You get the FNA hi-five of the day!
im glad you care that you broke my heart.
Thanks for the shout-out, Holly!! I'm so glad you're enjoying MIranda's newest case! :) xoxo
Line Up: Moshe Kasher, Chris Fairbanks, Ron Lynch, and Jordan Morris. Hosted by Luke Burbank!
I'm going to bed.Maybe the universe will right itself when I wake up. Night people, see you in my dreams S.Dash, G.Union, T.Braxton, Rihanna
At Common Grounds attempting to stick to the reason to why i'm here...and is not twiting :-D
Never Miss Nickelodeon New Episodes On Saturday Your An Awesome Singer
My name is Christian and I'm a sagittarius
please can i get a i love you picc <3 pretty please
yeah it is...but if I'm lebron an wade this makes me hungrier for the title...I doubt they break it up...
Any #nato nonsense afoot in the Loop? I'm trying to decide between a relaxing lunch in the sun and documenting the atrocities.
I just realized... I spend more time on Twitter than I do most other things. Ughh why did it have to take over my life ;)
Hate people who talk plenty relationship shit but not in one..
I don't care if you are size 0 or size 20. You are fucking beautiful.
if you only knew what i know.
You're supposed to go to GoDaddy.co. Not .com. Don't know if it makes a difference.
I'm thoroughly enjoying how many faces I'll recognize on TV this season. Congrats to for Last Resort being picked up by ABC!
youtube Gutta J Nino Brown check that out
We are thrilled to have you ! I'm sure will not disappoint! #design_conf #HIVE11_early_bird_ends_THIS_FRIDAY!
I think that the last few years have went by so fast and having to catch up has been a process.its all about progression
ooh I like that idea!
Hope today you all have a great dayy!!(:
Are you the Desert Christian or the Oasis Christian?
What I'm supposed to do when someone #ShootOut on me?
Not an empty seat #sabres game
Kimaj just your typical bad ass 9 year old !
Have you thought about the TOYOTA PRIUS. Great on gas N environment! 51/48 MPG
But but but kellen moore
Sounds good. Thanks. It'll be great to meet more folks. Do you workout at all or just make sure to eat healthy?
Pls say its for Florida game! Cuz we're heading to your cit-ay then!!
Congrats to the Cards - Elite 8 - Richie1 pulls into first
Multnomah Youth Commission is my new best friend! :) They are all so kind, and accepting. they make my heart happy.
Ooh that's a good one! RT HIITs on the stepmill followed by a KB circuit w my 50 box jumps! Who's crushing today's challenge?
RIP Gary Coleman.
Oh this game is making me mad....
do not tell me that is your closet behind there!
IS THERE AN EASIER WAY TO PAINT white TRIMS IN A HOUSE!
Alex! C: hola c: como as estado ?:)
right on. All star scholar!
by available via Amazon/CreateSpace, iBookstore, Nook, KOBO, Sony eReader, BooksonBoard, Borders AU and more..
oh my gosh I said Monther's.... Meant Mothers!
trying accessible twitter, I think the text of the actual posts people typed seemed larger @ twitter or at least some did.
Market research Monday: Education technology for 9th to 13th grade classrooms.
Let's activate dexter Pittman for these last 13.2
I know, you weren't the only one thinking it. He's a very good scorer. Tough to stop him from getting his.
thanks, great work as usual
Ridiculously excited to learn & spend time w/ friends & colleagues at
It's never too late or too early to be whoever you want to be. ~F. Scott Fitzgerald
Yeah well I should quit rambling on at you, I hope you have a great day beautiful & Thank You for listening.
Supporting <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> oh and I guess
I never understood this type of behavior. Why can't we just be happy that people are reading. Why the judgement of what?
um...the hurt is "out here as a glowing ball of pain"???? Im confused.
Dear Bed, I just want to thank you for always being there for me when I needed you the most at night.(^_^)
Be courteous. It costs you nothing, and it can mean everything to someone else. It also helps in getting what you want.
Two mile walk with the pups. Way overdue. #puppy love
Lemme wake this girl up
Culver&#39;s and Dairy Queen put cake in their ice cream
You know She's probably saving half of america from extinction.
I think I'm gonna just put mousse in my hair & make it like wavy kinda
why can't I follow back more people who are following me? "This service is down. Request has been refused"...? HELP PLS!
Both Lambert or Gaga would be better than Rodgers.
And this date gets even better. ;) a new issue of Castle Waiting at the comics shop. Yay!!
Elie Wiesel Quote of the Day: "I swore never to be silent whenever and wherever human beings endure suffering and humiliation...
I'm not, but going to Detroit on Wednesday for BoSox-Tigers Opening Day
. is singing "Fresh" for our Friday afternoon entertainment. "She's fresh, exciting!"
90% of men kiss their wife goodbye when they leave the house. 10% kiss their house goodbye when they leave the wife.
OMG DID THAT REALLY JUST FUCKING HAPPEN!!!!!!!!
": naw he inside on sofa asleep, hope yal had fun an much thanks to yall"no, thank you bank you! Shit I had fun
His brother derrick, 1 of my best friends. know landon well. U were brot up, i'm like, that cat's followin us on twitter :)
you're no oil painting but your interviews are fantastic. Maybe you have the face for radio.
I'm in so much pain phisically, and mentaly, I'm just fucked up at the moment.
that way more businesses will see that presentation (from A Career page)
shoot for the stars and you'll fail 100% of the time!
Alright, twitter rant of the day done.
Mo C goes #6 to America's team. Wonderlic deez nuts! Good luck in Big D & if u don't have haters you're doing something wrong
#UT WR Miles Onyegbule sustained a torn left pectoral muscle, will require surgery. He is expected to be miss preseason drills.
And that's all you need to know.
Sent the office home early today.
Like I said before, I liked them better when they were called the Mafia Cops, 20 years ago...
RT : "One sure-fire way to stay creative: force yourself to learn something new." - Harvey Mackay
I'll be Dj'ing today at Synergy Fitness, come down
RIP Patrice O'neal one funny funny man.
The is inching closer! Only 61 days!
Aw hell, open window, lights on = formosan termites in the living room.
Last year was big fun - excited for tomorrow too! RT looking forward to learning new tricks of the trade at
Okay So You're Tweeting Everyone But Not Me.? Jk I Love You :D<U+2665>
Things Are Only Going To Get Harder & Harder ..
August Resident Newsletter is posted! www.facebook.com/AMLI535
haha so you are going to hold that against me forever. But on that note I better set my alarm extra early for tomorrow.
u so damn fine girl....ima make u my wife one day i swear hahaha
We are closed on Easter Sunday, but open regular hrs on Fri (9-9) and Sat. (9-5).
'New' Twitter has finally been forced upon me. I like 'old' Twitter better. There's too much going on here!! Send help!
Going to RC Performance for luncheon opportunity with Midwest Broadcasting buddy. Will be interesting who I know there.
I'm on top of the world
What's more surprising: Chip to TB or the fact Michael Berk broke the story?
#juhomecoming is this weekend! Tweet about it!
I want to try RT : RT I love EOS's sweet mint and strawberry sorbet!
Needs to be worn at a PYP show. Oh wait...
OMG! No way. That is awesome. What a classic. Best of luck to you.
as safely as possible, Jon Selby Kundalini Yoga, this book is safe. A teacher is not necessary you can follow Jon safely in his book.
Well there it is Nady walks up to Brass Monkey
Ah to be young again. Maybe she should've started her day w/Dad on say...an 8am call?
The only cancelation that bothers me so far is Alcatraz.
RT : RT : As #BBJPacesetters #3 & Pacesetter Elite Emerging #3 is the market leader in contents...
text meehhh b
US factory orders edge higher in December
that's the best one!!!!
NCAA lacrosse tournament pairings announced; Maryland and Virginia will both play Sunday
Heading up to Family night in Greenbay with Meghan on Sat.
Butthole RT ": i wonder what kind of food jeremy renner ate today"
Geography snob!
Whose watching the Brits? I am! Who else started shaking and crying when they won? Words can't explain how proud I am. -
We are happy to have you, too. :)
Best coast covering Rhiannon was very nice.
Grazie Mille to the Italian American Democratic Leadership Council for your sole endorsement of my candidacy for
It took forever to say it's Friday.
-experience only it was in a girls room when I accidentally made eye contact w/random pee-er through crack in stall door!
We have posted contestants pics & Sexy Axe Girls! pics for the AxeOffUSA Guitar competition @ Hard Rock Cafe New Orleans. $3000 CASH PRIZES!
FREE TELECLASS WITH for LA Actors on 3/17 at 7:30PM. RSVP to . Hurry is space limited!
8 yr. old (and her dad) addicted to Downton Abbey. Whatever that is.
lol I'd have to get one when I move out! :(
“: Help Current Weather grow! Let's start seeing photos from Baseball games! #baseballwthr”
haha n'aww miss you too & yeahbuddyy you already know(; x
Glad to be here at the #AAJATriviaBowl !
Thanks my friend - u too! RT : & have a safe trip home.
I've been everywhere man looking for you babe. Searching for you babe...
Oh okay .
Hadi good to see you on here. Big time 49er fan!
Tx for wishes & #GAAD support Nice to "meet" u virtually //
#educause10 We are!...
RT : GOP #vikings plan covers "everything from the turf down." I'm imagining vacant lot with football field on it?
I was enjoying just this thing in Boston this week.
I'm actually proud of how we packed after our circumnavigation. We "only" have 4 massive bags, 3 carry-ons. Manageable on SouthWest.
#pointninenine here and it's cold!! Occupiers need blankets, gloves, hot food, ext.
im thinkin a game Saturday before lunch then local 7?
Thanks for the write up on Grounded in Music!
Look at the art first?! What a crazy idea!
Amtrak is such an easy way to travel and that wi-fi!
I remember when vampires could turn into bats & fly. now they need cars... lazy asses nowadays
tmvogel: Reviewing comment sheets from our #sla2009 #chem sessions. Hoping to see some suggested session topics for next year.
Great song on KBCO right now -- The Mountains Win Again by Blues Traveler. It's going to be a good weekend!
Cheresa and David together again. Every weekend.
Twitter haz the biggest hypocrites lol
I took a deep breath and listened to the old bray of my heart. I am. I am. I am. - Sylvia Plath
Join us today @ Noon for our $45 DS Charity Qualifier where 20% will win seats to face off against , , & !
": thanks for the follow and congrats on your weight loss" Sure thing! And thanks!!!
I swear it feels like every girl on #disneychannel wants to sing know. Or they think they can
Collizion crew never had justice in this competition. I feel so bad for them, they shouldn't have gone home.
Thanks Colleen! :) Still not gonna be able to get over to your area for a while cause of school! But we're playing soon :)
RT : how about chance myers scores a real goal too. "I stopped predicting, it will happen"
There are exactly 34091 characters in the subject lines of all the emails in my work inbox. Yep, it's that kind of day.
The new album Born Villain is awesome!!
Final Friday's is tonight! Which exhibit are you most looking forward to seeing?
Glad to hear Jacob sorted everything out for you & was able to get the site back up quickly. ^CH
i do talk lol. U just on the other side girl
just touchdown to my destination
downloading new music >>> cleaning my room
Well duh, they're Parisians. You expect otherwise? Pretentious assholes. But I love France, and the people for the most part..
well shoot what are you going to do now that your dreams of being with are over?
Heading to the Tyranena beer breakfast this morning....m beer and breakfast
I'm not close at all but you can certainly crash with me!
I thought I saw Zac Efron 3 different times today. Get it together, men. You look like young girls.
how would you go about doing it? Teaching journalists just data...
I'm ok have a lot on my mind
Happy birthday Suze Have a Wonderful day
DANG i have 8 new followers xD....splendid :D
Watching the #Knicks tonight makes me miss
what's going on with the rangers it just said end ot is the game over? I couldn't see them leaving it at a tie in playoffs?
I can't wait to see it..I wish I could fast forward.
Feeling for the Boston Marathon runners. This sun and heat could be brutal today.
Newborns look like aliens (or maybe it's just this one) pass on the baby train.
I am so sunburnt right now that if you saw me, you'd probably do a double take because you thought you saw a walking lobster.
But they sent it to Portland for Wallace. I read one idea, Rudy to NO for Amini, Jack and their lottery pick, that's shaky.
Ybarra thought the car with Erica Smith was the one driving the wrong way. She veered to avoid it but was too late.
Celtics doing their thing. Just need OKC to follow through. Fuck LA
RT : LeBron gon end up flexing Granger... << I think so too. That football player gonna come out lmao
HEY EVERYBODY, SK_TheKing account was hacked, the email account he set has been changed and he cant log back in
It is funny photo
My parents were both Jayhawks. Go KU!
When I see a white dude with a samurai sword, I always think "which came first the obsession with videogames or the Asian fetish?"
Spongebob is on. Live is good.
then dont take the compliment
Word bro...Aye man....follow my crew too We drops knowledge for intellectuals such as yourself mayne...LOL.
listening to music by WU-TANG CLAN well i wait for more people to follow me
is now live on MEOW!
thanks raquel for retweeting :) can you follow me? it would make my day<3
sorry... I'm at my moms, visiting
When's the next new episode??!
Still haven't got a call for a job offer
i dont think im going to remember how to swim tomorrow
Yay! Have an awesome time!
Sit down money bags!!!
Wait, let us guess! Jeff Koons? Alec Soth?
I am at the City Council hearing for our Recreation Centers.
My feet are actually gross....
Pau w. work. Off to #eatthestreet tonight but stopping by first. You should probably do the same.
That was bullshit!!! We had that goal!!
Damn dat some simplistic thinking even for an atheist. Maybe you should be protesting some religious edifices somewhere.
Small business owners: Learn how to cut your credit card processing costs today at 1pm ET - bit.ly/cEcL4w
I have my speech tomorrow. Oh joy.
I don't think so, I earn my followers.
Well hello there!!
Been saying it since November, spurs are the team to beat
“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.” <U+2015> Eleanor Roosevelt <U+2665>
Thanks to all OKC Party Bus passengers for an awesome weekend. We are always more than happy to be the designated driver! okcpartybus.com
Every time I eat tomatoes I think of and our steak n shake experience.
: Ty-hope you too!
Happy Easter! Enjoying soda for the first time in 40 days..
": Someone needs to invent a mirror that takes pictures lol.. #VainTweet" get a effing life you moron LOOOoooOOooL
2012 Madonna's And Gaga's Year? people still spelling bieber wrong.. wowowowow.
All thezse hoes Do the Freak Shit For Attention my First Instinct as a Nigga Gone Always Be
I can see it in your eyes you're angry.
Need 9-15 people to play in Fantasy League in Denver Area.Draft will be held next Saturday or Sunday.Need people to come in person.Send MSG
well it looks like justin got un-blocked from the TT's
I'm about to hurt my sister for talking about my crush!!!
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.
RT : "At the centre of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want." - Lao Tsu
You mean stride of pride! “: since we're not getting a hostel Sat night I will be doing a country-long Walk of Shame in white”.
idk. it just makes me feel awkward.
Show tomorrow at Churchills! That's what I'll be dreaming about. And of course flying zombie clowns. Andy
Sex and love are two different things
Thanks everyone! We'll be at the Water Street and Wisconsin Avenue location every Tuesday. Tomorrow: Buffalo and Broadway. See you there!
haha my dad gave me some cash to eat so fuck it hah. What's up dude?
I love you Pam!
Can someone please tell me who this Kennedy Chick is?
didn't get to watch the Diaz fight, but the recaps paint a picture of a brutal defeat. What did you think?
Dammit man if they are gone buy more??? LOL eddy MOE my nigga
Anyone having trouble with their gmail accessing imap server?
going to see avengers with tonight. about time i get to see it. haha
Rainy and cold, makes me long for hot tea and conversation with friends in van city
Thanks for your time and insights today. It was great to finally meet you face to face!
#twitterlessrobert got that blood gang swag
were JUST friends!!
As the rain falls on the just and unjust alike, let your heart be untroubled by judgements and let your kindness rain down on all - Buddha -
With DEC corn limit down and ethanol and regular unleaded at parity, what does that do to the 'food v. fuel' debate?
Signed up for 6 days of trial bootcamp :/
Today I begin my new top secret musical project. Youtube fame and fortune, here I come!
his line right there was so incredible.
finally switched over to a real profile pic. you're gonna miss the activate logo though.
damn, my lips STAY dry af
Todays #drake song of the day is "Take Care"
RT : SEATTLE WA!!!! Tonight I will be at the Crocodile Cafe! Smoking!
I filleted my petrale sole last night with your help (about.com)! Thanks!
Its your choice whether you dive in or not but just as easy as it was to dive in its also easy to drown! Whether ur a good swimmer or not
#BBN loves you & that #beautiful #smile of yours! ;) Thank you for helping bring #home #8!
you gotta get on again for your Derby podcast. Talk how deep field is, structuring bets for big wins, live outsiders
and look who won;)
Cool - looking forward to it!
#adobe PDF form-make it interactive and accessible on Reader and you are limited to total 500 responses. period. solutions?
Can't wait! RT Hey #HungerGames fans. Check back with us at 1pm ET/10am PT for some huge news.
Hey Brock, way to be a man and retire like a bitch!!
The best conversations happen at night
You're right, good call. I'm a big fan of sweets after sex though. So some fresh baked cookies, brownies, and cupcakes will do.
“: ": When I'm depressed I cut myself.... a piece of cake" so us lol” hell yeah...I want cake.now.
Everyone be sure to wish our drummer Dave a very happy birthday!
How was your #MardiGras #FatTuesday #cleveland?
Instead of paying 4summer &aftr school remediation, they plan 2squeeze it in during schl day at expense o electives
check out this page
Hey what's up
who's url is la disputa
I still have the notes you wrote me, but I can't bare to read them for the memories will keep me down.
I like to blacken it with any ole blackening seasoning and make a fish taco using salsa and sundried tomato tortillas
Did you get by for some Duchesse? If not, I've got another keg of it in waiting after this one kicks! Just love the stuff
Then I remembered to stop caring ! That's why I say nothing, sooner or later you will learn you're lesson <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
MUAHHHH hi sweetie
I could picture hearing her song come on in an elevator.
Thank you
ok how is it only 10:30?
Estrada maybe could be available. They'd need to handle his forthcoming start on Sunday with a roster move then.
I'm so happy it's Friday!
Getting ready for #hurricaneirene here on Long Island, NY.
Wow, thanks so much for following me! It means a lot! <U+2665>Mal
#NeverShouldYouEver give up on chasing your DREAMS
Good Morning... Happy Sunday
Life is a church were the angel and the devil set their pulpit at opposite sides of the street.
Hahaha “: I can't stand people that don't know the difference between "your" and "you're". Their so stupid...”
and it seems like yesterday it was just a dream... but those days are gone, they're just memories
lack of offense?? His numbers don't show everything. Doesn't always need big game due to his teammates skill
There's just somthin about the airport that makes me excited! It's like a melting pot & every1 has 1 thing n common. They're goin somewhere!
A8: Buy a tablet, buy a smartphone and experience it for yourself...THEN you'll understand
hey! Go pats. Tweet me during the game. #key!
It's crazy how some people just forget...
I wanna play Marco Polo with deaf kids.
Why is Brittany Spears on MTV hits
You get really effective on a shoot. There is no time for indecision, no time for anything that won't help you get it done.
Really enjoying the input in today's #ynpnchat since I'm applying for my MA in Nonprofit Leadership & Management this month!
Yes ma'am
Meanwhile, every day in Mozambique Iris is breaking severely demonic strongholds over whole villages as witch doctors' are being dethroned!
#iadmit I didn't wont to wake up this morning and come to work... Ugh
At w/ winners! Waiting for ! Excited for the #British blokes! For now & are killing it!
you an get a bottle of 08 cab(napa valley) for $60 from #cakebread direct
The Post Office is a zoo!
How do people retweeet me but can't press the follow button !! #OH <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
that weed leaf stitching on the football is actually pretty cool.
Nun Much . Wbu ?
Good Morning!! Hope everyone had a fabulous Thanksgiving weekend!!
Saturday night spent dancing the night away as the White Swan at the KCRW Halloween Bash, today spent doing work I love. Life works out <U+2665>
Does anyone have any feedback on the differences/reach between PRNewswire and BusinessWire?
Yesterday was amazing!!!!!!!!
true lover of anything homegrown...#ChuckBrown in da changer the best &the beginnin of Go Go music..goin celebrate his homegoing!
Yesterday I dreamed that I moved to Texas, went to a new school and everyone liked me. If only that dream were reality. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
#BestPerformanceEver with in VMA 2010 - Not Afraid and Love The Way You Lie .
i have 3 months to save money so i can leave Houston :o
That was 1 of the topics covered 2day in my son's Dekalb Youth Commissioner's conference. They're trying 2 solve it!
Behind the bar at Carabar tonight. Swing by!
Mongolian bbq
Don't be afraid to be proud of your accomplishments! I say this, but I'm still trying to learn this lesson myself :)
is it like a full cig waiting or like share a cig or like half a cig... Should I go buy a pack of cigs?
ALL BOYLAN HEIGHTS VIP ARE SOLD OUT!!! Thank You C-ville!!! GA Still Available @ Beer Run with No Service Charge and at the Pavilion!
dont have a bad dream
Last chance to post your favorite picture of the Miami Aladdin Hotel on our wall for your chance to WIN A FREE ROOM for tomorrow night!!
I hate flipping gnats¡
Daily GTKY question: What are you doing for Easter?
You know, the guy called it a day, already. Seems just a little off kilter to keep backing a horse that's out of the race. Don't you think?
thanks for all the retweets! i will def catch your show next week.
The dictator has arrived
Hopefully dey dont wake me up too many times...i need sum sleep...
RT : DDS: Support 2morrow nite. Upland Brewing Company & many more R having a pub crawl in Fountain Square
The Chicago DuSable Museum is FREE today!! You don't have to wait for Black History Month to go!
If this rain keeps up, I will be swimming to the airport tomorrow morning.
Also, strange Amelie Nothomb fact: "Many ideas included in her books come from conversations she had with an Italian man."
First and last time on the ukulele. I promise.
yeah so should i re-do it ?
Fair enough.
i have some other advice for you, how about contacting me privately. I have no idea who you are, before you slander me
Got to go get something sweet Krispy Kreme donuts
Happy to have you!
Too bad the walkout wasn't today too, need a long weekend
I am there through Tuesday.
So awesome to bump into again last night! You are and still remain the nicest person I have ever met. One cool fuckin chick!
im home!! just need to shower. ill be ready in 20mins.
that's real & the 'other' is real 2. Not sppting the viol angst women act. What's happening in Texas! Health svcs 4 poor wm
Thank you, its very nice for me too!
lol, Charlie, Mac, Dennis, Frank, then Dee (in order from funniest) lol
sorry for being too young and making you wait... I may need to learn how to drive a normal car before I learn manual ;)
To all our bidders and buyers at the Illini sale: Thanks for your support!
are you enjoying the book so far? ive heard mixed reviews about it but i kinda want to read it
LMFAO Naw I seen some that look AMAZING lol
thanks, pretty! I'd love to see you soon and catch up after all this recording is wrapped!
haha ;) and you know I'm the opppsite! I'll send you my twitter basics. It is a great tool for sharing things... like our fav video.
nothing wrong with a lil hyperbole now and then. tough call on which bob song is best tho. So many greats!
i wanteed 2 go 2 c u in south beach but i was @ skool :(
Can't believe ppl still buy this terrorism crap. Government is manufacturing this stuff to justify security costs. Wake the fuck up America.
Leaders say, "yes" when they can excel, "no" when it is beyond their talent & "wait" when there is no time. #Leadership #nonprofit -ASDungan
M Bodos bagels- I love teacher appreciation week!
You just teasing me now!
Somewhere out there, there is someone who dreams of your smile :)
This is for a the grand opening for Mandee's Union Square! Please send email with height,
someone with 3,685 followers: "omg i need more followers! :( " me (291): "WELL YAH. AWKS."
QoTD: "Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable." (Theodore N. Vail)
doctor party. Next time you can be my significant other haha.
"Time and the world do not stand still. Change is the law of life." — John F. Kennedy
WHY IS PEOPLE IN OTHER PEOPLE BUSINESS CAN SOMEBODY TELL ME WAT SUP WIT THT
You're welcome :)
appropriate that everyone left the room after this
Nice! How many and did you already get them set up?
It is not what he had, or even what he does which expresses the worth of a man, but what he is.
Quick Remodeling Ideas: Home Improvements That Make Life More ...
Finished our taxes today. Feels good to get that over with:/. Looking forward to some softball games this week.
LMHL= Love More Hate Less , <3 !!!
at least we were legal in our hales huh ... Lol
OK, friends. Need some help. What's fun to see/do in Dayton, OH?
Not only where they came from but how hard it was to get there? But yet they give no love to striving musicians.
Reporter whose story you linked to.
When fake ass hoes talk about fake ass hoes LOL, sit yo ass down.
lol. Eiw. I did wear shorts and a tank top. Which was exciting.
I'm guessing my ex got a tattoo of Cassius so he could see his face everyday without actually parenting at all.
we will be back next week on Tuesday. Let me know what night works for you busy bee!
giants by 10 at the half
Enjoy the weekend and keep us in mind for your Brazilian Hardwood Flooring needs!
Early #FF:Andrew Morton is now on Twitter: Legal/ policy counsel to philanthropists in sports & entertainment
Leighton Meester Wears Wedding Dress For ‘Gossip Girl ’ Scenes with Penn Badgley (PHOTOS) It ’s called The End of the Affair episod
Looking to hear your feedbacks re our service. www.joborworker.com
#sanchez Lots of text on that yellow box slide. Use white text on red like you do later. Check Lowell pronunciation.LO-ELLE
I would love to come on the cruise? Send me the details!
my dog > every other dog
YES YES YES!
#FridayFightAgainst Smoking, that's how my grandfather died :( I never met him :(
Great lift with
It's hard to be mad when you're holding a teddy bear.
They saying Junior Seau committed suicide
glad you used the exercise for #NaNoWriMo! Thanks & Loving the map
you know your to old when the gym is to loud! RT : Courtside for Game 7 tip of Grizzlies-Clippers. This gym is loud.
yeah it's been very easy going, especially after finishing Moby Dick not too long ago
Looking forward to Blazers v. Suns game tonite! I'll be in the house!
Come out tonight & enjoy a glass of wine w/our expanded small plates menu & support & ! We Open At 5:00pm
Haha no way! That's awesome! I love BFS!
Good Luck! Sending you lot's of good vibes!
Nice to be home for Christmas!!
I can't send a DM to save ny soul -.-
ok, we'll meet up. i have no clue what i'm doing, or who i'm going with, etc.
Never shopping at the regular Urban Outfitters again, its all about that Urban Surplus. A jumper, shirt and wallet - $18
not sweet! Lol
Party party party!
Glory lies in the attempt 2 reach one's goal & not in reaching it. ~ Mohandas Gandhi
On air at WCUW 91.3 FM www.wcuw.org - interviewing Joey Baron, Boston Jewish Music Festival and Neshama Carlebach - listen in right now!
I have some humorous friends. Remind to never let them get their hands on my phone again. Looking like a crazy betch. But I love dem <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Big important #jobinterview today. Wish me luck!
Haha! On the way. I can trust u, right?
like I said before niece she can go play with mutations in baltimore's inner harbor
Hey Kat, attended the LA Screening of SMASH at the Grove last night. I still got that McPhever. Pure Brilliance!
Fun research yesterday: Helping my daughter find sources for a paper about Mr. Potato Head.
Holy hell.
School makes me want to die
I have a VHS player at my house :p can't get out of it now. lol so what if theyre embarrassing you can look through my pictures lol
In one of my admin classes, the professor said that when he was a principal he threw away all his mail.
Loved boot camp with !
My Boston people, y'all should go to that. I would if I were home!
Should we not reward ourselves after a run?
you got it
The whole second guessing sucks! I'm sure that it has everything needed though. :)
I'm trying to get Firefox's memory usage to stay under 500,000K without disabling AdBlock or YouTube Comment Snob.
are you here at #hoosierprsa?
yeah what are you doin skank
working great
Awh he's adorable :)
Hope everyone enjoyed their Labor Day weekend.Did you know you can follow for our latest updates? Let's keep the hires going!
Eternally, I am yours Lord.
If your gonna be skinny, Hit the gym,let it be an Athletic skinny. Don't look like you starving an talking bout you running shit...
Ember and Umber
from my experience fewer than you might think. You're still going to have a few that don't do work or try to cut corners though.
Make it a date night at Grazie: Book reservations with us tonight! 305.673.1312.
i think I did pretty good. I got a standing ovation from all of them. :)
Hey, #mw2012! I'm abt 2 graduate with a Masters in Visual Arts Administration & am looking 4 a job. Anyone have an entry level job opening?!
It's only Tuesday.....
I'm a creature of habit, so it's just really annoying. I'm already sounding like my Dad! Shit.
Great perspective!! RT : The Nutter Butter Blizzard still gets a A rating, even if the USA doesn't.
Listeningg to old songs like Let Me Love You By Mario && MJ Songs Bring Back So Much Good Memoriess!!! <3
Ah! Elton John! and Flava Flav! in the same commercial!!!!!!
i'm glad you approve. and the roller skates? i loved those.
Didn't spend as much time in Chinatown as I would have liked because we ran out of steam. Now after a nap we're ready for dinner.
your hair puts puts fire in my heart
YAY!! Got all A's on my mid terms mood: Proud
We did not endorse or are aware of any of the malicious attempts of to make his beard the face of our franchise
Thanks! We're pretty excited for it - Look forward to seeing you there.
Almost to new York
I think that's a brilliant idea. Ms. Smarty pants.
It is the herd mentality in action.
The All American-Bieber?
eat at el theatro at the Wynn!! and dont forget to spot by the craps table on your way in ;)
Happy Birthday to the love of my life, !
Why? Cuz the last time was so successful?": Van Halen is going back on tour w/ the king of the scissor kick David Lee Roth
Is the PERFECT man #CRUSHIN Hard lol;-)
Congrats to for earning All-USCHO Second Team honors.
u make me proud
just cataloged April 1981 issue of Life featuring article about poets, inc. G. Kinnell, M. Swenson, J. Merrill, Tess Gallagher, R. Hugo.
the NY-AG is now tortiously interfering with my shareholdings (banks/insurance companies). $400B is the lawsuite number if sues any bank
ha, that truth doesn't hurt fam. PS: the Knicks haven't been good since that era either.
job application requiring college transcripts. Really?
Three words to remove corruption from politics in America: public campaign financing!
holy #BAMF storms batman!!
Now if EVERYONE will get out of the bedroom, Drs office & church, we might be able to have a meaningful election...
I have horrible service at work.
what exactly do u do at PG&?*#*
Maybe ... but we like it.
Damn! Wimbledon started this week? I'm totally out of it.
yeah well... over the next 30 days ill average a flight ever 15 days... and about 5000 miles traveled so :P
I need to call me
Full cast table read tomorrow! Can't wait to see the cast bring the characters in Monongahela to life!
It doesn't matter how bad my mood gets. I watch her fend off dysfunctional people & I'm right as rain.
RT: "Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
oh that's good :)
fb ma I blow purp all day
my bank sucks. i left my debit card in another atm,it sucked it in and shredded it. My bank hasnt sent me a new one and it has been 2 weeks.
u had like vilegasvalley biebsgomezcandy jbstucklikegglue jasminevmaniacs me i just barely changed it
Electric Airsoft Guns Facts . reliability
Yeah what you do on weekends is "mature." lost respect.
Just another group I can use to tag my Youtube videos with :)
Mid term profit gains are nice but in reality it's more an absence of meaningful across-the-board planning measures.
Turned out to be a good day .
is it today?
It must be the #bizarroworld, Figgins gets a hit but Ichiro strikes out!
#asecs12 Roach juxtaposing portrait if Charles II with Disney Captain Hook -- brilliant.
Everybody CANNOT take a "I'm just waking up pic"
Haha for sure!
no, i'm curious - what made you come to that conclusion?
is looking forward to attending the Federal #Librarians Networking Symposium next Tuesday!
not yet. Gonna get 1 of the leader tees though
“Attitudes are contagious. Is yours worth catching?”
We Have 1D Infection I KNOW RIGHT!!!!
OMG I'm BACK Ye-ha! "Almost drowned in tub of Ped. Pals foot scrubbies bubbles. I was a slippen and a slidden,..but ya know i had fun!!
I agree...
why isn't tour stopping in south? London, Corbin, Somerset? ???
Couldn't sleep. Decided to stay up all night. Now regretting it. Anyone know where I can get some good meth?
Does anyone have room for 2 to ride along to the show in OKC from Ft Smith or Fayetteville?
Just left the delt house. Paris bound.
kalacarter1. I didnt even know you did hair!
yep. He will not be fully healthy come playoff time.
In Class. On The Computer. researchinq Hitler. lmao
Out to eat with my mom <-Kelsey xoxo>
Thanks for having us, ! It's always great to connect with y'all!
Pete Campbell explaining what he does everyday = genius.
is too hot for the Primocos. They need to lose the belts and she needs to be reassigned.
Reminds me a bit of Nicholson Baker's newspaper archive, though PastPages seems more valuable due to ephemeral nature of net
Gorgeous day in #AnnArbor! Come find us at the diag for some FREE stuff!
lol hm should I put #OneOfMyFollowers on Mac blast ?
Glad I spent my birthday with one of my favorite people in the world.. #youreoneofakind :)
It amazes me that, year after year, these college football teams are so competitive, and still manage to be under the cap.
haha yes!! I dont think dave would be down. He cant be around flashy lights :(
I'm so fly feel looks I got feathers
Most of the Top 100 on are romance novels. Influenced by #FiftyShades? Nah.
First stop on the apartment search was located above a porn shop. This is going to be fun.
Thanks for your interest! Send clean edits to .edu
+1000 RT : Longhorns beat Ags in final Lone Star Showdown. Texas won it 6 out of 8 times. And it's goodbye to A&M.
#FF Thanks for the mention!
Need a Stocking Stuffer? How about some Smokin Good BBQ? What says happy like a belly full of amazing food?
same here.
Hedge fund student loans James Cameron eyes in America mulls House bid Wal-Mart silenced Mexico bid.
can you replace WORD 2010 Normal.dotm as easily as it was replacing earlier WORD version's Normal.dot
Final #donut tally for the day... Shadel 2 - Coworkers 3.5. Yes that's right, someone actually ate half a Donut and left the rest.
Burger King on Northside and Fair. See y'all in one hour!!!
I've got a bad feeling
I get into town on Friday. I have things to trade you.
lolz she's going to out live Tito and I.
Mourinho may be "the chosen one", but he is SUCH a petulant baby!
Glad to hear it! Perhaps the sample I got was a mistake.
Fucked off another job opportunity wasting time at Dallas Live last nite, Smh, I should shoot my muthafukin self
Reach out beyond the winding road, and fall into a space dividing, let all devolve into peaceful blur...(exhale)
hey what's up Shane are you in ft Lauderdale now
Picked up my cap and gown! This feels so surreal!
About to go check out My Week with Marilyn.
All my dreams would come true if Troy and Abed in the Morning were a real show I could watch. I might start getting up on time!
"Thumbs up" So good!
makes me miss Seattle!
Hope everyone had a great Labor Day - now back to work! Chop chop!
we appreciate your loyalty to us :)
Doh! It says it's private and won't let me view it.
Text game too WEAK
Happy Thanksgiving to all.
Taking off next stop las vegas... Yes sir!!
probably how I found the boys ;) your name will be mentioned ! & why I love them ... Etc
Follow Julia's MKE food and Russian cooking tweets. She also tweets for Society Mke
Feature Doc "Flex Is Kings" (on "Flexing") Successfully Completes $40000 ... - Indie Wire (blog)
You were right!!! Have fun! :)
Blown away by energy of social good Social Innovation Fast Pitch! Texas Pie Kitchen win = tears in my eyes! :)
Gtown's statement was a good step but not enough. We have the right of expression, but what about the human right to control our bodies?
the lights keep flickering D:
The only time to eat diet food is while you're waiting for the steak to cook~Julia Child < Food is about joy not guilt!
Simple bitches
“ old songs are better den songs that come out now n days .”
Dear Wisconsin: Get. It. Together.
Eagles pursuing Darren Sproles - #Browns should be too. That's our COP back right there.
You should give it a shot! You never know - you might love it!
#Oomf is a naughty little bitch ;)
Interesting! Here at Janus University we are familiar with alternative schedules.
steal some covers, share some skin.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being. — Johan Wolfgang Von Goethe
If a girl replies k or yea... you did something to piss her off.
If a tree falls & no one hears it, does it make a noise? If you have an idea & do not execute, does it make a difference?
Working out to the tune of people laughing in the street.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! you are the cutestt. ;) love yoouu.<3
Clearing out the warehouse in a hurry!!
mm m delicious!
I need 2 more followers for 1,000... follow me!! :)
I'm sad to leave the beach house behind as well. I hope they will love my new house with a pool! I had a blast...
Hello, dear Martha! Ah, I am just getting the hang of this tweeting thing myself. I miss you! It has been a long time!
Today observation taught me that it is quite possible to chug Malibu rum with glass shards in it and not die of internal injuries.
You know what sounds so delicious right now? Pizza. Yum yum yum yum yum yum yum.
Ugh! Im gonna barf...eww!
LOL ill let you know when corporate gets back to me. You know how long that sort of thing can take. And im on your side!!
Build Day is one month away from today!
better be glad I'm really hungry for cheesy pizza and can't pick-up because of this presentation i'm working on....
Public policy consultant Art Hauptman to speak at 2010 CHEA Annual Conference. Read more at www.chea.org/About/2010AC/2010_ACIS_Final.asp
Thank you so much for the follow and support...
Booking some tours.
I'm sorry I know I've asked this a bunch of times and I don't want to be annoying but will Omega HD be updated for iOS 5 soon?
A book that costs me ¥500 ($5.50) in Tokyo will cost me ¥1500 ($16) to have shipped here. If amazon.co.jp sells it why doesn't amazon.com??
Good Morning.. Happy hUMp day :)
Ohh yea my mama made me some chicken salad
Doesnt hurt! and grows back!
Yes - much better than when it's rejected and you have to start all over again!
So excited! In 7 days I get to see about half of the people I #FF 'd!!
whatever... Jk Love You :)
'Advertising' icon idea from : "Man with a sandwich board." Made my day, haha.
What's the going rate for this kind of internship in your neck of the woods?
already my brother,much luv!!!!,say hi to you're son.
Nobody needs a shadow like that looming over their lives. I am glad for the great outcome.
Love it! I should be the star of my family's Christmas card next year.
nope, just awkwardly expressing my desire to go there :)
Nah, it'll be different! :P I still got your number tho! :) It's not activated, but i'll make an event on fb! And thank you!
Dude , "Let Me In" kills. Kudos brother.
#morningjoe live again tomorrow morning from Jerry's Deli on South Beach RT : Awww I'm too late!
"THE" BIG 1070
If I were to make a dictionary: CUTE = you; SWEET = you; THOUGHTFUL = you; GOOD LOOKING = you; GORGEOUS = you; LIAR = me.
ha, that a girl!
The White House Press Office sent out an email about moving the G-8 at 2:46 p.m.
Don't have anything to do this week might as well finish up the paintings I started back in september. Its been a while.
Google Places is great for small business owners to have their establishments out on the map for relatively no cost at all!
He is beautiful!! (:
Thank you sir! #ff to Robert!
It sounds like crushed it with her backbone.js talk this morning!
But she can RT S/O to my moms for still thinking she can whip my grown ass.... She 4 foot 11....
Spring Forward? I hate Daylight Saving Time...
it looks like Austin Public Arts is a hot topic right now! Don't forget that we need to support all aspects of culture, not just live music!
no matter what the oscar noms suggest, melancholia was easily best picture of the year. (followed by tree of life, by my favorite director)
Woops. Accidentally purchased an App while paging through the app store. Guess I double-tapped somehow? Luckily it wasn't a $100 app...
Will be meeting with the 2011 committee on Sun morning, can pass this on as a request. Meantime, ask us anything!
Love the site, let me know how I can help.
You Late!!! Like ALWAYS LMAO
They call me the OCHO! Bc Im a pig in heat! a swine with out warning! WET!
Brand New Community T-shirts at www.tshirtoutlet.com #nbccommunity. Be A Human Being.
Ticket on sale for our next Encore show - April 26 at - Yo-Yo Ma and Kathryn Stott with Assad Brothers. Will you be joining?
beer is not hard baby
finally watching the glee from last night.
Nope. Just saw it last year... and I'm in my late 30's.
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithHoe im gonna get you hoe
"They whispered, conspired, they told their lies, God favors me!"
Need more help Sado_Slim?
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet? - L.M. Montgomery
East Brunswick gas station is robbed by 3 people in masks
I have to be 7am tomorrow to do hair for shoot with Will my key open back door?
Lindenwood kills the penalty. 16:00 left in the second.
Muschamp is either way too happy or way too angry on every single play. I'll give 25-1 odds on a 4th quarter on-field aneurysm.
You know what! It needs to happen ASAP! Because I'm tired of waiting for your EP to come out and so is
just realized three days of food poisoning means three days of no coffee... Kicking a habit? Really?
Thanks again for visiting yesterday! If you haven't yet, we'd love your feedback at Yelp!
it's not the same with out you
I always hear what a world-class city Boston is. Well, it definitely has a world-class joke of a subway system. Suck it, MBTA Redline!
we miss ya 2!! Just hit me up or Macho and we'll link up!!
Just eat clean and as close to the farm as possible and you'll be fine. Avoid highly processed foods like fruit juice or soda.
Then paint it black again
I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver.— MAYA ANGELOU
Good picture!
and now the Celtics foul again. Never mind, refs still aren't cool.
I turn off twitter to get some work done & completely miss this awesome conversation. <3 you both so much!!
I wish my 98-year-old mom was still alive so that I could evict her! (the #alive part, that's the important part, wouldn't evict)
I'd be interested in hearing more about this new Kroger service...is it all or just a few locations?
And thx and for listening and suggesting fixes, too. Love twitter for stuff like thus, makes me feel better abt humans
also heard interview on NPR of author of "To End All Wars". Sounds great. Deals with war critics as well as war itself.
I said I wasn't going out for relays but apparently I lied
Woo hoo! Just voted - Good luck !
agreed that was nasty
Just passed a mother and daughter having an "intellectual" convo about various Disney paintings. "if you REALLY know the art of Disney..."
dumb bitch
wait what happened?
Hey Dorothy, could I just borrow those ruby slippers please?
its gone they have gone !! bo i wanted those sfg hoodies so much ... better stick with the clock :/.
hey do u wanna follow me?
Guess who got a new lunchbox! Tyger did I can't w8 to pack all my goodies for school! Banana, almonds, baby children, cliff bar, earth worms
ringalingringggg!!! Hi Anna! Thanks for following #mofonesla! #tacobell is awesome.
New Exclusive Hip Hop Instrumental Available Send Your Music To lezalemusic
Thanks Colleen. We're glad to be doing what we do :)
#ihateitwhen your sister dosent leave your room and keeps tooting and burping and it starts to smell like an outhouse
Boom Bam! Monday morning, Threadbird's in the office killin' it for all our customers. Let us know if we can get anything going for you!
Made it Brownsville early this morning! Excited to worship with you guys tonight!
First time riding a motorcycle, first motorcycle fall. And attended first Sikh wedding, happy fourth of July!
No one has to love me , but me . And that's all that matters :)
<3 I love ya!
can we do talk f2f with people in france, in Miami? this takes out the social anxiety factor
I smell like <U+2764>
absolutely poured in Carlsbad, thunder too. A rare thing for SoCal.
omg it won't let me follow you );
I need to call you soon mmmhmm....
it sure was HOT! OMG. My makeup went everywhere. Were you there? And were you one of the few lucky ones who got to eat? LOL
it's called LotsaWater check it out!
Last thing: What's even more beautiful & mr important id that you love the Lord!
Red State? Looks great ! Crushit, dude & have fun in Minnie, great city...
Going to #Chicago this weekend, anything I should be checking out music wise?
At CJ game
Who out there had some 100% CA hopped lager over the weekend?
All is in the hands of man. Therefore wash them often.
I'm in ATX
RT People who are stuck say: "I can't do this." People who are unafraid to try say: "How can I do this?" Who are you?
I don't like being alone, just makes me thing about negative things
you may be bored, but atleast you look good! Haha
Can't wait to spend new years with
I used tire tracks to replace two tires so I could make the trip home 4 Xmas, I was in & out under 30mins and for only $80! :) nice!
Thanks to , to all the people who came out for a great night Saturday. Hope to play there again really soon.
I look pretty damn good in a suit
Happy Birthday to :)
It's not TV; It's MSNBC!
"Don't let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game." Babe Ruth...So true in life.
DL Hughley was hilarious! Be sure to check out his show at the Improv in Homestead this weekend!
Hi Suzy Q - We love the blog!
Ugh. Some people are so effing rude to It's a SUPPORT page. There is no need for
Why NOT reach for the STARS? To me, they have always seemed close enough to touch!!!
thrilled your show got picked up! Hope it's a hit!
“: Life can only be Iived looking forward, but understood looking backward.”. This is so true!
I don't think you're crazy. You're all good! Trust me I'm a doctor. :)
We will be at the Italian Embassy today passing out info about our May 20 festival #passportdc. Stop by to say hi!
Maria and Derek slayed The Pasa Doble! Congrats on a perfect score!
Good multitasking! ;)
Highly recommend Holly Cole's "Holly Cole" CD is just fantastic. I loved her show at Jazz Alley last year too.
Do you know what cool people are doing right now? They're following GO FOLLOW HER :)
How to deflate an ego -- www.quickgymcs.com Old Quick Gym Proverb. Walk in with barrel chest, walk out with tail between legs.
RT : Now speaking Nat Wood, Assistant Director for Consumer and Business Education, Bureau of Consumer Protection, FTC
dang it. I was totally off twitter whole time.
Panama means "The place of abundant _____". Fill in the blank!
I hope Thibs keep rose & Hamilton in so they cn get thr timing back & the feel of playing w/ each other! Plus their shot!
no ur not..
Hi! Absolutely up for dinner - I'm flexible; whichever night is best for you!
Ensure that your company manuals and guides are readable and engaging for their audiences: ScribeModerne caters to target audiences!
Haha!! Me? Run??? never baby!! But I do Yoga 3-4 times a week and hike....
Only in Holley is there a tanning salon in a barn.
ok, thanks for the info. I might buy like just one then.
RT Where's outcry frm our Politicians when Amcerican citizens are being brutalized for peacefully protesting?
Join us at the Ruidoso Convention Center in Ruidoso, New Mexico for the fourth annual New Mexico Technology in Education conference (NMTIE)!
Like bargain books? & free paletas? Celebrate Cinco de Mayo at a book sale Sat., May 5th, 12-5 p.m. at the Kirk-Bear Canyon Library.
Thank you for listening.
Ha ha
Apparently, 80 yr old Lugar had become "too mellow", not tea party enough. What a shame, only GOP vultures left.
Listening to talk at
I already know how it is, myself personally don't wanna go neither..
A week from today I will be on my much-deserved vacation! Yippee!
This class<<<
#drupal initiative I'm most excited about has been dubbed 'scotch', which happens to be the drink I'm most excited about. cc/
Do you have any wholesale real estate deals?
im eating apple jacks LOL HAHAHAHAHA :) =]
lies girls r generally the two-timing......
Jenkins is pretty cool
#CandyHeartRejects Wanna take some pills and jump in the back seat?
At #digiday conference attending session on cross platform content delivery.
Haha thanks!! And bunghole
One full year I've been supporting. Time flies.
I agree . Lets tweet about solutions !!,
It's just 3 of us.... 6 of them
That's it. I'm playing Fleetwood Mac's "Hypnotized" tomorrow morning on "Say You Want A Revolution." Great song.
Looks like watching will pay off! RT : Spending tonight at 1 of the most haunted places in the US, Lemp Mansion.
James ThomasIll can he rule the great that cannot reach the small
maybe have them work as a nurse for 4hrs?
Ah. Very cool.
She's doing her boyfriends laundry as I bend her over the folding table.
At the #geekslant panel at
If ABBA were a dude instead of 2 girls & 2 dudes I would marry him/it. #abbagoldrocksssss!
Grit and determination made that Seguin goal. Comparable to a hard fought offensive rebound in traffic.
A cat for kat... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> #AintNobodyGotTimeForThat >>RT : lol. I'm getting a kitten Friday.
I died he walk by said, no, I'm dead.
#Facebook Inc kicked off #IPO roadshow in New York, attracting hundreds of investors who formed a snaking line around the block.
OMG! I am such a dork! I totally can't read English and put a simple address on a postcard! OK mate I will re-do and re-send :)
i miss you to.... wait why?
Good morning Chicago...
nahh man. That's "Gucci".
If you get a response shoot me a tweet. Happy to mosey over & attack them for you. Just being neighborly.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?
happy birthday crazy girl!
Today is the last day of free drop/add for Winter Session
If you're in Louisville, come out to the pop-up show at 807 E. Market St. Going to be a great time (couch, free beer, cough)
Get "The Magic Trip" on Netflix streaming while you can.. fun, funny, wacky, beatnik, proto-hippy madness!
Waking up to soft music always makes me wake up smiling,.. "Jardin D'Hiver" - Henri Salvador
#FF Thank you! Hope your weekend is filled with creative fun!
Make sure you check out the BBJ's morning update on WBAL each weekday at 5:50am.
"The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. Hard work is the price we must pay for success. I think you can accomplis…
Major stock indexes post biggest gains in over a month. Dow adds 190 points. Nasdaq rises 1.8%, S&P rallies 1.5%
Saw you're headed to the Asia's for a bit? How long is training? I bet is jealous.
I hate being sick -_- I feel horrible
I haven't sent a tweet in so long I thought I might have forgotten how to say anything in 140 characters or less!
Yeah I Was Right Im The Only #mahomie that Doesn't Follow . .________________.
Plan A Plan B
I'd gladly oblige if only Don Mills was a couple of blocks away.
RT : Today's thought: "It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." Henry David Thoreau
i remember back in the day where a simple hey how u doin would get you very far with a girl........................lol
Facebook isn't the only one making changes! Lots to think about, lots to do...
Someone guessed that I am French today.
that is what parenting is about . nurturing your children and providing support for things they enjoy doing.
Haha yes! I do that every time! Thanks for mailing the checks!
I think people have a vague sense that the television system is changing. Michael K. Powell
Oh ok. And I just used grammar.
get yo' calendar out --we must have a date by the end of march!!!
ha ha everyone says that but how has things been for you
Just bought a $700 tux for $30 in Watertown Ma. May go back for another
I need to stop reading books that make me cry.
I mad the Jv cheer team for highschool(: can I get a woot woot?(: lmao
What if somebody banned YOUR marriage, straights? You wouldn't like that, would you?
Is it a crime to have an opinion on what kind of bands we like or don't like ? We're all different. Just saying.
the one day i make a conscious choice to wake up early, the site my online course is on is down for maintenance.
DENVER!!!!! Got dammit
so true. I still wonder how Netflix and RedBox even make money at it.
getting ready to take a major leap in my personal& professional life this summer,and I wanna know if the universe agrees with it
Good morning :) on my way to school:(
Win or loss today for the Cubs, your focus should be on the Bulls
Randy Bass: SoTL is "slow analytics"
Can not Keep the New "SNOCLOTHING" American Rebel's T-Shirt's in Stock. Next Shipment March 2012 Orders yours...www.SNOCLOTHING.com
You're not Harry, Liam, Louis, Niall or Zayn
A cow gives nearly 200,000 glasses of milk in her lifetime
UP Your Brothers
would you dare to believe, that you still have a reason to sing? the pain that you've been feeling cannot compare to the joy that's coming
wow! looks great. And there IS a discarded door dumped behind my house. Me thinks I'll snatch that up & make a table, too.
6th inning is starting to feel like the prototypical Narveson collapse
just wrapped up a very staff productive meeting.
If you build it, they will come.
If you know artists in the hurricane's aftermath - send support, love, and dry weather.
Those of you in DC, tune into NPR WAMU 88.5 at 2 PM to hear about 's venture Reaction Strategy Group!
nice point!
People will take advantage of you when they know your weakness!!
Beer pouring, spitting, court storming, disrespectful. Listen to todays hour 1 of KSR on iTunes. Explains the situation.
Win contests, win items, keep or sell: get a junk email account, search contests, sign up, win something eventually! Publishers Clearing,etc
Freaks love to deep throat, WHOOP.
thanks for doing the signing! She's so excited. And the book looks fantastic.
Build your own Mac and Cheese tonight!! Tons of toppings to choose from.. You decide!!
C'mon we want more #delena scenes! & what r u thinking about? :( #TVDFamily #wearesad #stelena or
RT : Okay can the NFL Owners & Players Stop Watching CNN Coverage of #CaseyAnthony Trial and end the Lockout!!!!!!
I'm too old and havin all this hair is too much maintenance, time to cut this shit off <U+2702><U+270C>
Dont forget november 24 will be live in concert inside makin plans now to be there....
Preparing for workout. Arms day. And cardio!!!
I'm going to miss u and and twitter less Carlos!! Don't forget about my rock!! Ahaha
Dear , let me be an intern. I'll make all your dreams come true (if your dreams involve having an amazing intern).
How is that place? I haven't had the chance to get there yet.
Simply tweets the name of your website. *gets 50+ retweets*
I been thinking,I think its time that we think about it..
Bummer afternoon. I'm going for a long run.
#FF passionate man, even more passionate about the Orioles!
thanks boo!
is really getting excited about getting married in Hawaii next July!
I think my day was taking forever because it was a short day.
Ryan O'Neal again? A new book? Is anyone really interested in this self-serving train wreck drama queen?
Always saw Denise Richards as #goddess. Bree Olson, not so much.
Congratulations! That's so cool, can't wait for updates!
I dont know why people say its hard to get 1,000 tweets.... I get 100 within an hour..
you eat too dang early! LOL
Malnourished.. Need some sanitary fruits, veggies, calcium, etc. Not this garbage corned beef hash MREs w' gravy.
Why do men need to be praised for anything they do around the house? Jamie changed bulbs and you'd think he delivered my babies blindfolded.
Ouch!!! Justin is the lucky charm! ughh sad for Cotto:(
Getting some writing done. Future-living-spot secured. Notice of back tax bill protest mostly accepted-amount owed now $150 not $6K
“Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.” (Laurel Sheck) Yup I am never going back to that day.
When speaking to a group, instead of thinking of the them as a whole, imagine that you're having individual conversations with one person.
Someone walked passed me & they were smiling to them self & it made me smile even more lol :)
truth dont mean nothing unless the person you talking to understand..know dat
sorry dear - a bit of moz as binding agent, also have lettuce wraps. full ingredients always available at the counter :)
Bonnies defense is suffocating. A-10 hoops is always great and great coaching. That being said FSU going to kill my bracket.
Google AdWords and the Advertising Display Network - WebProNews
But but miz that's nice right? right?
staying home to studying for ap euro all day >>>>
For the right price, it could be...but good luck cashing a 1.5' x 4' check!
Thanks for the RT! Love your blog. In many ways it Inspired me to write abt this topic.
don't mention it, hope yours is great as well! :)
thanks. It's THIS commerical and THIS feature and THAT music video.
roc please text me back.......(i love you roc) please
What else do we not see, because we are unaware?
Tell me what you eat, I'll tell you who you are.
- who knows what you did bringing kimberly along in that mini skirt..she loves that shit..cherish, get down on it
Fun Fact of the Day: Dragonflies are one of the fastest insects, flying 50 to 60 mph!
My #fridayreads is The Windup Girl by Paolo Bacigalupi. Heartily recommended for anyone who liked Oryx and Crake
out of all y'all I liked and loved him longer 6TH GRADE HOE
So #Royals in the crapper tonight but The Rock is on tv. Cage and Connery is all you need.
ok I'll unfollow n block some folks tonight. I'm too happy right now deal with drama.
#milwaukee It is a madhouse here at A. Fillinger Inc today! Keep it coming everyone, we appreciate the business we are very
So Nervous For My Final Tomorrow. Blah.
Accident right in front of me. Be careful out there
Excellent panel last night! Huge #shoutout to - Thank u 4 the knowledge!
RT #Taurus have amazing imaginative ideas.
I think that will work! Let's touch base tomorrow where we should meet.
did you know baba ghanouj is fairly high in fiber? About 5 g per 2 oz serving.
Happy gay day!
Mouthwatering specials this wknd! Baked Oysters w.pork & collards & Herb Crusted NC Flounder w.red peas & shrooms. Get on it doggon it!
Excited to meet Shirley Mclaine today!!!
I think the world needs more funny advertising.
Good morning <U+2600>RT : Morning all <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>
Getting a little tired of broken doors/locks in McK. Today's arrangement: stairwell, staff lounge. At least the office door works this time.
One of the most surprising #Idol eliminations ever!
who doesn't love his eyes :)
Wait she changed her twitter handle plz follow
Started watching the UK version of The Voice. It's actually pretty good!
he can get to the rim often sure, but he still has to know down jumpshots at at least the rate Westbrook does.
So upset I couldn't see at the Hollywood Bowl tonight /:
Random thought - any future children I have are at risk of being named after people/gods in mythology or Shakespeare's characters...
If you had a moment in time you could re-live, What would it be. I would like to use the answers in an article, but no names.
Whoa Jermaine Paul you just gave me chills!
I apologize in advance for not focusing in class today.
Support local events
Woot-ever does it mean?
Lebron, this is what you get for your stupid mouthguard.
YWCA Empowering Women Luncheon drew a record crowd Wednesday. Were you one for the 1,600 who attended?
It's crazy how fast studying for midterms turns into online shopping for summer clothes.
At the hospital.
I'd have to say yes, you do!!! RT #Random Do people really think I hate LeBron ?????????
Time with family priceless !!!!
happy mothers day mommy <3
overall allowance for more refugees and migrants, and recognition of illegals' place in the American workforce.
He said it! "The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul." - Bach
loving that peacock painting!
momma there go that monsta
hope you ladies had your good omen because I know I will. I will be there so expect another W.
hey epic eric! Follow back please? :D
Thank you
Always so gracious! RT : Today is my Friday. Suck it, losers.
Lennon...The Beatles!
Who said? Who said not perfect Who said not your not worth it Who said you ARE Beautiful :) Who said!!
MWP w/ the D on KD and the resurrection of MVSteve aka the Sperm, #Lakers cruise to the finals
Somewhere out there might be a girl who finds Disney references endearing, a girl worth fighting for.
I swear people just know how to ruin my day.. Mood right nw -
Success of Self-Service Business Intelligence is a myth propagated by BI vendors in an effort to sell more software
Fuck'em all we got this!!! RT : I feel sorry fa myself n da otha single mothers dat gota do it on their own
BRUNCH, BRUNCH, BLOODIES, BRUNCH, BLOODIES... FUN till 4pm
Did advertising gor years....We always called it "logo-itis.". LOL Have a great day!
Senior party tomorrow night at my place! Bring money for booze and other narcotics. :)
im sorry :(
I just need to be alone wit my thoughts for a while ....
Awww, thanks for the smarty pants shout out, and I'm glad (and not surprised) you didn't click that bad link.
Love you too miss you up here in columbus!
our new EP is free to download for about 8 more hours on our Bandcamp page. interstates.bandcamp.com
Project due tomorrow,test, and quiz in first 3 periods
Oh, you have a really loud exhaust? You're 1990 Honda must be so fast.....
Stop saying shit about Louis, Thomas and Jason. They're amazing! And you call yourself an ICONiac? OH PLEASE.
Just did week 2, day 2 of #c25k with !
RT : Walking through school thinking: *I'd fuck you, you, oh you too. Definitely you! Hell no not you! Eww you either....
Happy National Best Friend's Day!!! Love you guys. :)
Whats good home slice
haha we would probably make it to world dumbest criminals with that
11? So dope. Have a great weekend.
If jordan's so crazy about horses he coulda had one in Indiana, not so sure about L.A.!
you could have ended @ "American Idol you depress me" much better statement for me.
:-) just lock your bathroom door, the mental image of confusing you with Janet Leigh is scary enough...
Enjoyed 's morning lecture Looking forward to #UMBCsocial sessions this afternoon!
laying out all day and not getting tan <<<<<
Heads up, 's #FoodRevolution season 2 is back tonight, kicking off with the first two eps, 8p-10p on ABC!
Hot tub time :D
yea me too....but i was one earlier when he was on!!!!!!!
I really need some sweaters (cc: ).
that is super exciting to see your hard work pay off!!! I'm looking forward to the next event :)
Katy Perry sings what girls wanna do. Taylor Swift sings what a girl wants to say. And One Direction sings what a girl wants to hear.
damn, i need to get on this more...whats new on here? :)
Insults are the last resort of insecure people with a crumbling position trying to appear confident.
oh boy.Can u imagine? Twitter folk don't play! There may be a walker-like protest.
Bad boys aint no good Good boys aint no fun Lord knows that I should Run off with the right one
i'm glad you are 2 :D well what are you doing ? :)
Austin, Texas Among World's Most Intelligent Cities j.mp/A1udFl
Llet's think #SPRING..Spring term classes start Feb. 27th! Scotland and Ireland in March..Call #OAA today for more information. 800.734.5601
Issue 8 of The Sentinel done. Good production weekend, pick up the new paper tomorrow or check us out online: www.nicsentinel.com
That's OK! We can adjust
Not much left in WAC to invite, except perhaps Idaho.
Good day!!
oh shit. who wants to go to beerfest in ohio
why you no text me ?
Top-of-the-Week: Magically Transform Mineral Makeup Every week, mystyle staffers, readers, experts and stars offer fashion, beauty and li
Life is giving me lemons. I'm squeezin' y'all.
you don't have to show your face in it, the link in my bio explains. If you have any questions just ask me :)
Your guyses music makes my day! Cant wait to see you in concert :))
The security was BS tonight, but stuck up for those of us who wanted to stand. I had a blast! Thank you, David & crew!
Dropped a dumpster @ Memorial City today. Headed to downtown Houston to pick up the dumpster we delivered yesterday! Do you need a dumpster?
I do suspect the person in that photo is not the one posting the comments.
whew! It did go fast...now let's not let our Klout scores drop over the next few weeks!
Slightly overweight torch carrier-but he did resist as he passed pork pie shop!success!
Singing @ Manhattan Proper in Queens Ny
You are on way to much if you double tap #Facebook pics to like them and wonder why it doesn't work.
Speaking of art, we're trying to figure out how to go to Art Basel while we're there. :-)
Pizza time. Deelicious.
I wuv my job
THX buddy for your kind words, loving our mission to CONNECT this cancer world & helping spread the good word- keep well bro! :)
Be sure to catch us live on Good Day Fox 4 on Feb 23rd starting at 8:40 am!
you got this (if you presented already, you got it!)
Don't debate trolls in forums. Remember: Human approach.
I'm interested in starting a public radio show with a large audience. Not BlogTalk radio. I need guidance.
11 Famous Writers rejections... just goes to show how much they know. The Oracle fell a long time ago, it would seem. :)
awwwwh, never RT-ed my tweet yet ): oh well, he'll see it eventually :)
Drunken shrimp isn't live shrimp. But yeah. That course would piss me off. Hipster of food "courses".
Awake at night you focus,
Easter used to be so much fun .. When I believed in the Easter bunny <U+E52C>
happy friday-Thanks for the follow-love reading your info!
Waiting for the bus with
I wonder what it feels like to drive a Segway
Foggy Saturday morning
those are a rare breed these days
Advertising: At Electronics Show, Some Surprising Nonelectronic Entrants - Advertising
...filling their gender NORM. Gender policing. Where's the knowledge & teaching of that to kids? #Homophobia #Root of
Omg! Fat Joe aint even fat no more.... Now he just an
not sure but they will probably put it on the announcements when tryouts start
FACT: Interview was supposed to be in February. It's April now. You gave me a choice. I made it. Now you back out?
At work getting buck
Audio from the 12/23 show at the Grog Shop coming soon... along with video as well!
Appears I lost my check from the market. Had it earlier when I was looking it over w/the mgr. Went back/retraced my steps. Can't find it.
lol up & not goin to sleep no time soon! Wyd?
Is at #sdmnomothersday at bliss 101!
Bin Laden is dead, GM is alive.
gotta get off here and go cut my grass later yall
RT : What would it take to be the best in the world where God has placed u? Would u need to do more, read more, have a better...
Ah. RT Having the courage to challenge what you are sure is true is the beginning of growth.
Tennis legend John McEnroe in DC this Tuesday playing at Kastles stadium
my kidney hurts.
“: I just got to peek at two prototypes for our new Cookie Box line - BEYOND fabulous!” O!
#Newyear new hopes, let's make 2012 the best !
RIP Bob Brookmeyer! I will always love playing your charts.
good morning <U+2764>
#IfItWasntForTwitter my #lawschool paper would be complete
you should date girls because they are sweet, or a kind-hearted person, not because they has huge boobs or a nice ass!
Just got 37 mpgs this last fill up. That's what's up.
Someone who can take your breath away an make you feel like a princess is worth keeping around :)
Cranky mood >.<
Tranquil Space Arlington is warm and open for all classes tonight. Our apologies for having to cancel the noon class!
Last Friday night I danced on table tops.
Heading to so I can beg my husband to let me buy things. Hopefully its not too hot in there.
Where's the new music at? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
t mills is great
Childhood is the most beautiful of all life's seasons. ~Author Unknown
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking – “Fifth, Think about your love for and desire to help the audience.”
The year is 25% over. Time to check in: how are you doing on your goals? Milestones for the next 3 months? Evaluate, assess, plan, act.
Well, it's what I would wear with it too. Except today apparently it's navy, navy, and brown.
I have a feeling this summer is gonna badasss.
If you kick my train again, I will leave you on the platform with that mandolin player for all of eternity.
great reads across various national, regional articles as they pertain to food and food services!
We'll get right on it. Any special way you would like it cut?
For some reason I missed your monitor arm question yesterday. Did you see my answer?
hahahah everyone was sleeping
Im sitting at lunch by myself cause all my friends switched lunches...cool
Rip Amy whinehouse I never liked ur music to be honest but srry u died
Wishing everyone a very merry Christmas!
Are you ok? I've been trying to reach you and haven't heard from you. Getting worried. :(
Boy you got just what I want <U+2665>
You coming out with us tomorrow afternoon? Dilly's B-day extravaganza?
haha I love it man. Sorry I didn't thank you before.
It needs to sit for a month before it will start tasting good. I'll let you know!
that was right by my house
this weekends gonna be great! gonna give you guys a little something(;
Need to get out of this death trap
lmao at that one time you said Adele would give great head! :D
So fun to watch #OKC absolutely throttle the
I know :( We have to discuss tomorrow!!! I'm watching it later tonight
can you please tell me how in God's name you have LaQuan Williams ranked ahead of Torrey Smith?
Thank you Mr. Chung!!!!
Yo Tom Hunsicker I bet u not whining about your Caps now
strange would promote in twitter then limit to logged in users. Would make sense for them 2 have 404 to promote joining.
Happy Birthday & happy kindness day! Sorry I missed you at The Empress
Prong - It's Been Decided
Hi Alison,Thank you for the great messages,a wonderful way of starting the day.Namaste!!
One Social Process theory is Differential Association: crime is learned.
Ice cream adventure with the fam!
definitely #firstworldproblem - just didn't have enough letters to add the hashtag ;-)
Hilary Rosen, like all CNN contributors, is not a paid advisor to any political party or presidential campaign.
Come see us this weekend at the Addison Wellness Expo at the Addison Convention Center on Saturday & Sunday from 11 AM-6 PM.
thanks for the #Gatsby shout out!
Kinda glorious on the Square and on State St. People are dining outdoors...in down vests.
I've been thinking that myself, lately, as well.
The fuck is Pete Campbell wearing? S2E4
Ha! Milk, whole.
Thanks for your support! This week we're entering all donors over $45 to win an autographed copy of Parr's new book.
“: Nat'l Lampoons vaca quotes: If you're taking the whole tribe cross country, this is your automobile.
It's official, notice has been given & I'll be in San Diego in less than a month!!!
GM ..... No-one can make you feel inferior without your consent ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
There's almost nothing that modern politicians can say or do w/out instantly drawing hyperbolic rancor. But I think we can all agree (1/2)
thanks so much!
“: Lmao forgot what I look like”
"Stressed" is "Desserts" spelled backwards! Unwind with #ShortsandSweets PRIMETIME performance tonight
as u should
George Lynch your not ! Close um, yeah right .Dream on lady's man
"...1. Imagination leaves out the details. And the details are imp to a good experience...What we don't imagine is as imp as what we do."
sure! that would be awesome! what would I have to do?
Can't wait to bum around Chicago all day with on Friday! Celebrating his birth 3 years in a row with some #Wrigley action.
I have not Was going to ask you about it.
Yo! Put some tears in my eyes. I was feeling drained. Now im like WHAT! IM A DIFFERENT CREATURE THAN I WAS 5 MIN AGO!
Two tweets in one screen about word counts. What are the odds?
Pool party at the lake!!! Great way to spend my last weekend in Austin!
gl day 2 ME and congrats again shipping Event 1
"Respect the game that should be it what you eat don't make me sh*t where's the love"!?? ~Jay-Z
Also, there are pullout camp areas (free) along the trail head road before the pay camping area.
You guys are actually doing it?!? Let me know when you return...I will make a trip to DC
Wet, heavy flakes just starting to fall in Reston (w/in last 15 mins).
A wise man once said,"If you make statements that start with 'a wise man once said', you will look more intelligent."
Darn for getting me into Frank Ocean. i promised myself i wouldnt. -_-
HELL YEAH
Hydrating. Leaving today for SF. Marathon starts in less than 48 hours.
stop in to see me about some writing stuff. submission deadline is the 15th, btw!!
Big congrats to you!
i wish I could babe but I'm really busy. Im juggling a lot of things. after this 2 weeks baru boleh, I'm sorry :/
Niggas in #Cincinnati need to work together instead of tryna bring each other down matter of fact
A good weekend of basketball, and was with me the whole time :)
“: People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours.”. Yes yes yes!!!
Y'all act like Jordan won his championships on his own. Last I checked he had a top 50 player playing beside him.
of course ur concert will sell out cuz ur AMAZING :)
no they sell the #patience right next to the #maturity its on the left side of isle # 3 right above the #faith and
I want to try that new lobster Mac n cheese
It's some kind of wonderful. Hey hey hey. :)
Blaise luvs her sofa...never wants to leave it
Thumb flick by guide hand adds a second somewhat orthogonal force factor to the targeting solution for the brain.
He is so cute!
me too
Everybody wants to go to heaven; but nobody wants to die.
Proud 2 take part in "dream dinner" b/w 10-yr-old St. Jude patient & Grizzly Rudy Gay on Sunday night! Excited 2 be part of this initiative!
might be something with out microwaves as well! Keep trying.
Need to AMP up the volume in your hair??? 25% off #volumizing hair products now through 6/30!!
iPadPee™ is MINE. I OWN IT.
That awkward moment where your waiting on a reply from someone but it turns out, you never sent your message.
Something's you just have to figure out on your own!!!!!
As rumors float about the stock market movements the past few weeks, we still don't know the problem that needs fixing yet. Bear season here
soo then why would they be calle old ?? Hm lls
does anyone understand a word im saying?
haha, no my only ah shit moment was nuking the website for a day and a half. Pig latin is all on the developers.
Ladies day out at Francos in #Mandeville!
Your 5 year plan. What does an interviewer want to hear? What is your no-fail answer?
Okay, sounds good. Aha, what you up to?
yes ! He's the shit !
Relaxing my mind
Also happy I had friends at the Washington International School to show me the glory of the greatest music known, #power #metal. HAIL!
same here
Love it! environmentally proactive oceanic lifestyle brand advocating marine conservation...improve & enhance people’s lives.
Sic semper tyrannis! RT : Does have the best Twitter picture? Gonna have to go with yes. Yes he does.
RIP Seve, true legend.
there are more than 2 shows on HBO doofus
Oatmeal is nice at night. I do that sometimes. I'm eating chocolate covered raisins.
coming to Philly in July for vacation, looking for tips on hotels. Thanks.
As we like to say, if you have the beard, you have the balls. (just made that up, but still, it sticks)
don't be sad beautiful
Today just sucks
Let's laugh as the world falls apart around us.
"You're a pandora's fucking box of a human being.." to J. Forbing
Yippee! The beautiful "baby-boy-light at the end of the tunnel" is so close... Enjoy your remaining quiet times...lol :-)
thank you
I knew what you meant. :) Appreciate it. We need to get together soon.
Anyone have the new iPad yet? How's the video quality??
It would cost Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac almost $100 billion to write down the principal on the underwater loans they control to current ma…
Fuck the bullshit. Get it from behind and penetrate it deeply.
Every time I eat prosciutto it reminds me of :)
Our new short film "Her Heart Still Beats" Is fully cast!!!! More info soon.
We are serving dinner this Wednesday at the Las Vegas Rescue Mission from 4:30-6:30. Come help us!!!!
gotta put da hot ragg on da head..then brush for thirty mins
Indeed we did overlap at UWM - Computer Pedagogy with Pete Sands. Hope you are well.
Watch the BH Staff as they live tweet while shelving the poetry section. Soon the Top Ten Verses Found by Accident will start!
It's fitting that a guy named Bubba should win big in Georgia : )
Is it just me or is John cenas dad there
D.A. Points -6 through 11
Hmm so im gonna have a cast on over break wtf!!!!!!!
tough choice cp3 plays d rebounds and passes very well. Parker is a wrecking ball out on the court he is relentless.. TP!!
I'm donating $50 per 500 new twitter #followers by Easter to so be sure to spread the word AND FOLLOW ME!
J Kennedy asks about the SCOTUS Hines decision and it's preemption test.
“He’s doing well in jazz, but he’s into this ‘real hip-hop, fuck Lil Wayne’ type thing. He’s stuck in 1990.
Freedom minus power isn't freedom but enslavement.
It's perverse but I miss dark and raw New England springs. Meanwhile, the roses here in Texas are bursting!
first time on twitter today..... Pray for Erin. She has a Bad migraine right now.
Ice cream with the family and grandparents @ Huddle's Frozen Yogurt
Stomach, please. I'm the doing the best I can. Don't screw up my graduation because you're unhappy.
Time to twist one up. Hood morning freeworld!!! Make sho yall thank that man for wakin yall up.
": The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have. -Norman Peale"
I have an extremely low pain tolerance.
Took a nap haha
Woah~ where did this sudden epiphany and hate come from? lol I do many things wrong!!
yeah u make beats? I checked the youtube u got another music page?
Haven't seen this much rain at home since July.
we have cornered the suspect and we confirm that it does have extra pickles
Both. I've always got at least one pair of headphones and much of what you'd need in any situation ;)
RT If you like Foster the People.
Looking forward to NYC tomorrow.
": #Sagittarius are very generous."Right babe?
Sorry about that. The bathroom was occupied and the dryer was taking a really long time.
LMKasprzak re: CMC -- moving into Social Media marketing. Iwata (CMO,IBM), "..2010 is the year Social Media becomes ready for business."
On 3/27 we celebrate 10 years of weekly showcasing (at the same venue). One of our judges will be "Swizz Beatz" business partner & manager!
Happy Birthday Francisco. Looking forward to see you play this year.
Is that a message or plot thread? It's a universal experience but not nec a message...
#FF Our partners this week
Great, well researched post!
Call me tomorrow when you can! I wanna hang out and stuff! I am going so crazy at home, and I miss the crap out of you
Sexed somebody to death. How many can say that? Exclusive club
i wanna watch madea goes to jail SO BAD right now.
Enjoying this lovely fall day - took my daugther to the park and did some "autumn cleaning."
Hey since isn't at work again, how would he have voted on AB1500?
Where do you buy your bandit signs?
#cantfocus when I try ever to study. :p bleh.
Chillin with and
Thanks for the RT!
In this new venture....will we have no names? If so. Fuckin' count me in.
bring it on young blood
I snuck into my own house and hope to escape early tomorrow morning without detection. Hopefully, I can avoid this drama for a while.
loved the cut-out Explorer - great to see how safety really works! But I did not seen a Shelby?
#whosgonnalose - Baltimore at Pittsburgh - Pittsburgh will lose
that moment you're in the kitchen and your space fridge starts unexpectedly beeping at you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> <<
Clay Matthews Cheese, Sausage & Cracker Platter---$52--serves 36-40 people Call Today to receive 12% w/ mention of Aaron Rodgers!!
dam shawty you can get it .
Thanks Nice to see you on the 1s and 2s last night at the Mudhoney after party.
I just wish I was at #nerdprom... but really..
No such thing as an #aquarium that doesn’t need water changes. Change about 10% a week.
FIGS you'll find me ...
Cranberry Farms is our lifeblood. Makes for some poor office morale in the summer...
I love wandering into an empty room and talking to people who aren't there. Eventually I realize this and stop talking.
That was a touchdown if OC doesn't knock the ball from Rogers.
Bus driver is driving this thing like a porsche!
I want a pet tiger.
Derrick Rose must feel pretty good about now. Hats off to Iggy. love
Taking train to to watch The Birds. Left work "early"
BeThankful for Blessings... With the blessing of God we can be rich even when we are poor. -Proverbs 10:22
#Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race - too ambitious to add to bucket list?
Grand opening to the public FREE membership! Join the Gang Today! Follow us for
My uncle spent most of his life fighting for the royalties for a Motown Copyright worth millions. He did win others didnt.
Welcome to the team Kris Love, Nicolle Zurek, Shelly Simon, Matt Oswalt, Taylor Stevens, and Sarah Sheppard!!!!
are you up?
Omg! Billy Budd tonight!!!
New today what? Egh! Can't wait
When people don't answer their phones<<<<
We can't all be heroes, because somebody has to sit on the curb and applaud when they go by. - Will Rogers
Who says Thursday isn't part of the weekend?? Come by #Fridays from 4-7pm for $5 LITs and half-priced #appetizers at the bar!
#AGirlThat is 14, still watches Disney and Nick, is in love with hieght is 4`11 and dreams too much... thats me (: <U+2665>
WHAT?!?!? I'm going to see that too!! Ahh yayayayay!
Some of these niggas can't peep body language and be letting these bitches slip thru their fingers.
Don't even call me, if you got about 2,3 other boos!
Bill Edler coined this term the "verbal freeroll" a few years ago. Pretty genius IMO.
Fun random night. Lovee my frendss:-)
hunger games u should totally go with the hunger games it will make u cry :-(
sounds interesting. Finishing book tonite. Any recommendations for my next read??
how did you do?
Maroon and white phone case :)
Dont be afraid to be who you are.Because everyone has that feeling where they want to be themselves but others may not like it.
The excitement is brewing here at Allerent! Sign up today to have us manage your social media needs and receive the first month free!
Engine light on? I'll scan it and read the codes for free!
you coming up for baseball night?
I am LOVING this quarter with no teaching Thursdays and Fridays! Pretty sweet set up
we're up to 30,000 now!
Discovery: a cap of pine o clean in the wash load gets rid of that old sweat smell from your sport gear... Amazing!! #exercise for life!
Seriously, how is it a real thing that we can't make any free throws down the stretch.
Happy Easter everyone!
Thanks for the #FF love!
CampusLife is the new "campus life wide" mobile tool from Desire2Learn.
Website is functioning! Entire coupon code "UPANDRUNNING" for 30% off your ENTIRE purchase! Yes...THIRTY percent off!
Steel City Big Pour today! Best Pittsburgh event of the year.
I miss my dad a lot. This big house feels so empty without him.
u already kno.. but I'm off 2morrow yayy!!
FL wins the prize for dumb laws. I remember when they arrested record shop owners, who sold 2 Live Crew albums, for obscenity.
yes lol i finally got one #canyoubelieve that :)
Just relized no practice tomorrow so I can watch Austream!! :D
Goodnight world.
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers in the world...Enjoy your day & have fun
Let me give your heart a break.
I can't wait for april to end.
I love sleep, but I always end up getting too much sleep.. ):
Testing out new iPhone + twitter app. Bear with me
. Army - send a word of encouragement as he starts Asylum today! You got this buddy!
Can't have big ups without big downs
Church was awesome! Headed to Blue's cabin for a writing session and birthday supper...what a beautiful day!
And tried like hell to get FDR's ear on it, too. Not a priority for him.
Had a great Monday and hope yours was too! Thanks for the mention and enjoy your day!
At goose island brewing a beer named sue!
Really glad to find out more people are realizing #kismetwholesalefragrance is a job scam.
Are you going to be signing this at the NYC & Philly concert?
wtf??? They sell everything
79 degrees in Zachary today? YES!
New York's very different region from New England. Neither NYers nor New Englanders'd claim the other (save western 1/2 of CT)
i know! im thinking 'yeah right, like shes got more followers than justin. HA! lol she asked me how many followers i had and
Sent an email to 2011 #apufringe participants asking to participate in creating a video. Excited to see/hear what they will say.
Listening to a new song, "Be Careful What You Ask For." sounds awesome
I think I just learned how to delegate... wait, give it back, I want to do it!
Octavia Spencer looks fab in her lavender dress. Fits her perfectly! Well deserved win
My wife told me to have some common sense. I retorted by telling her to have some commonality. Touche.
tks, i will check them out more!
that your correction was wrong because i didnt you are(you're) life i played your life #notknowingwht2+2=4
is going to be there for you in the morning
I don't have enough garlic naan to finish my chicken tikka masala!
Chicken, soy cheese, black bean hummus and dab of Greek yogurt on top of falafel chips = healthy late-night snack.
i left my umbrella in callahan :(
We love mixing up our genres.
The job hunt begins. Looking for full time employment in MD/DC/VA. Anyone have any leads?
oh sounds good to mee (;
have you not heard any of our stuff already?
Chicago needed me tonight so I had to oblige ... but I'm looking forward to more SHRM events!
Kurt was awesome on music of the night
TOMORROW: Food Truck Tuesday from 11-1.Vendors:@% of sales goes2the food bank.
Deal with it yourself
Watching and listening to Vin Scully on the Dodgers broadcast. One of the many reasons why MLB Extra Innings is such a joyful blessing.
What fruit does Dade City hold a festival to celebrate each year?
Now Following Maauh!!
It's weird lol I don't really get that hungry anymore. Haha last yr I lost a lot of weight too!
no way. That's you
civil war crush
fuck it going to sleep w/ my niece. #goodbye!
Is it me, or is Rickey Smiley just not funny? # randomthoughts
#np what I wish I never had by we came as romans<3
2 nights at BA and 1 night at Cottonwood. How about you?
RT : Folks, "aspirin between the knees" is a folksy bullshit way of saying "abstinence." // & a 60 yr old joke...
Why can't we be friends....why can't we be friends?;)
we, as Milwaukeeans, continue to welcome your presence.
what time will you guys get here tomorrow...or do you know?
I'm fascinated by bi cultural relationships. I wrote about one between a Sherpa and American in Beyond the Summit.
It's okay girl!!!:) I still love ya! Haha.
yay, us too!
I want to make you feel beautiful.
haha well also Ben was sleeping and is still sleeping lol
a far away and really exotic place...in Crescent Hill.
God thank you for this morning. Thank you for your loving mercy and grace. Thank you for your love that never fails.
rewarding success instead of failure in our school.novel concept. NOW i get y he was elected.can't believe we haven't thought of that
you knw you wish you were back
Listening session #cratecourtmusic goin down...done with much class!
Thanks for the follow, I loved on Linnie Canal in Venice Beach for years...
I too, would like to follow Mariel Hemingway. Interesting item by Howard Kurtz. Did I do this right?
Tonight at 8pm is our HOMAGROWN Showcase at Whiskey Chicks with: Chelsey Cope, Alberto Roubert, Chase Kerby and Brine Webb! NO COVER.
Best profile pic on the planet earth goes to... *drum roll*
Rainbow city dnt even have a hood store.
thanks for following darling
Currently in Orlando: 93 Partly Cloudy with a chance of afternoon showers.
I'm building a bigger meat pit
and i just finished The Notebook, so may as well keep the tears going ;)
Your the key to my soul.
I know what you mean. My husband puts up with me getting up at all hours to write and strategize. Bless them!
I will.
Yes sir! I'm buying my ticket tomorrow. I have a coupon for a certain percentage off! We could order togezza?
welcome to Twitter.
Ask my nigga about this #DRTY3RDS event $aturday at at MJQ ! Only function guaranteed to turn up! Tell ya bitch.
I guess that I - I just thought....maybe we could find new ways to fall apart
STOP I CAN'T HANDLE THE CUTE
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur #amazing:) followme:)19
I'll take one too!
yeah i know ! :D
Did someone twat that?
yea jus hit my phone bro
yeah there are. It's not so much the arrogance that bothers me as it is the dirty play
#WrongSongsToPlayInPrison Juvenille - Back That Ass Up
our #dreamgetaway would be a trip to greece. or maybe paris...
I love GCB so much
Looking for a day-of coordinator for my #wedding - anyone have recommendations?
Shaved off my beard & left a sweet 70's stache. No handlebar, no fu manchu. Just Uncle Larry, circa '78. how do you rock this?
OMG I get 's tweets sent to my phone for the very same reason. :P
Excited for the official Open House tonight! See everyone at the at 6!
instead of pushing for games close to home, he'd rather make fans travel across the country to watch in his precious rose bowl?
I don't get that either. #confused RT What does EVERYONE HAVE RT PROTECTION!!!! Ah.... Take that off
it's just a second coffee before 9:30am kind of day today.
Saturday night and I'm not playing or going out to hear jazz. I'm becoming restless!
thanks a lot
You can now file your taxes from your phone. Should you though? Is it secure?
It's we girls...not us girls.
Shopping in Dallas and making my "glow in the dark" hand made Spiders for Halloween! Hit me up on Facebook friends.....
20 FOLLOWERS AWAY FROM 300! OMG.
I am looking for amicus support for a pet. for cert to USSC. Message if you know of any organizations interested in Feres. Briefs due 2/23
that needs a lot of direct instruction/trouble shooting, rather than worksheets. Will try to modify your idea though.
You can leave the root beer in the sun outside of so it can get properly lukewarm
I wish you could spell ;)
Preparing to do battle with the craft room walls. Again.
Watching a bunch of late 20-something's rehearse a waltz in a garage is a lovely reminder of why I am never asked to dance
.5 beer is better than .00 beer :) sounds like an adventure!
Wowww Scream 4 is on!! I'm a sucker for horror movies
Is wrist-slitting an option? RT : In 2012, would you rather be forced to watch a M. Night Shyamalan or a Tim Burton film?
Its annoying how you don't care...
glad u loved this - did u see the one on the Google glasses? Good evening to you!!
Thanks for nice words. dm me with contact info so we can set up time to talk.
I refuse to let someone else's anger & hurt destroy my spirit. I am made new in God & thru Him alone I take refuge.
The amout of food aI have at my house rite now wuld make Niall luv me for a lifetime lolz :)
thanks. Hit me up. hugs all the way from SD. ;)
you'll always smile upon me and i'll smile upon you too
An egocentric life drains mental peace. When you develop an ego and egocentric desires you become mentally agitated and disturbed.
But if u want to go around saying u cheated on me then okay whatever
Happy birthday to the beautiful :}
I love pickles :)
Be sure to come check us out if you need logos done. www.Wolfeyedesigns.com we love to connect.
We can help with that! Send us your coordinates!
"Sweetie, if we use protection the future won't happen. Look at this picture I drew of our kids! They're disappearing!"
DENVER! We have a show this Friday. Get your tickets from us!!!!
we would love to soon! Need record some new music before we travel that far. We'll make it happen!
Speak when U R angry & you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret. ~ Laurence Peters
This screaming 2 year old and her loud family do not understand 's Quiet Car idea.
how old will alli be
Doesn't look to me like Newt got mad enough tonight to win FL. We'll see.
oh, and thanks for the coffee.
Our country should give out awards to people like the guy that first thought of putting an egg on a burger. Those are my heros.
Road trip :)
Thanks, Coach!
Bummed out. Can't sleep. Fuuuuuuuddddggeeee.
Can I submit for both Improv w/ my team mate and stand-up w/ myself?
I'm ready to eat.
Any of you ladies out there interested in fashion, but not spending a lot of $$ please follow our friend !
What have you been up to today?
Have a great New Year from ALPFA NY!
Yrs ago I could say, "It's mother's day you know" and the kids would do whatever I asked. Now it's like saying, "Santa's coming."
Love to talk more/read your writings on the subject! Seems esp. difficult in era of ++monetized culture.
: I did sign up--thanks.
u awake I'll be there before 2
Did that this morning, with the added bonus step of emailing the resume to himself first.
But not as teeny as you my dear. I've been eating more too--dogs walking me every day, working out, need to keep up strength!
Not sure chris brown excuse but heard Madonna lip sync due to game and wasnt allowed sound check as they need
This is who I am. Nobody said YOU have to like it.
Claire Danes looks stunning!!! #eredcarpet #GoldenGlobes .
God is so good
I feel like Ima throw up=(
spend some time with mee, say that you'll be mine
You can catch a ride with My brother @ Chase he just left.
na you aren't the only female on my tl with grand illusions lol
Lebron to start this 4th quarter
watt happin last night
Goodnight twitter. Absolutely exhausted. Thanks to & for the follows.
You too? Lmao! RT : I am a genius. I am, perhaps, the greatest thinker of my generation.
WELL TRIED TO CLEAN BUT THATS JUST OVERRATED FOR JAY NOW WERE SITTING HERE LISTENING TO ALICIA KEYS!!! ILY PRINCESS
I took out my snakebites because everyone wants them or has them now.
i bet your friend just gained a lot of new followers:)
Hey - this is for you: Sexy Bruschetta #fakebandnames Sliced, warm, and ready
I just can't wait :)
Shit is crazy right now tryna get these shoes online
"Preparing the Documents Needed for a Job Search" is happening today @ 3:30-4:30pm in Holthusen Hall Rm 116K (in the Career Services Center)
Check it out! Can you spot the changes www.losangelesvoicetherapy.com
First day of Lent. No more tweeting for me! See you all on Easter, Tweethearts.
My pleasure! My beer would be at every conference if I had a friend in the TSA.... :)
Question for everyone (but esp. non-musicians): Does a $10 sug. donation for a 2 hr. sextet concert at a loft apt. seem too pricey?
cheers mate, happy to help :) Lord bless
All I know is I'm not home yet. This is not where I belong... -Building 429
Duck Dynasty is great!
twitter way back in the day!
stoked about heading to Denver tomorrow
ohh ok. Hope you had fun (:
"<U+FFFD>Engage rather than sell <U+FFFD> Work as a co-creator, not a marketer"
yeah, lately everything I watch gets axed. Almost hate watching anything anymore
I had a nightmare! D:
im really bored someone talk to me:/ lol
Friday, Leather Feather. Sunday, As A People.
Some guy on Espn just told some other guy on Espn that he "focuses on the ugly pixel in the beautiful picture"
What up nephew? Everything is good.....steady. How is work?
Rise and grind =)
I learned LinkedIn is the social media tool used the most by people age 50 and above
And a good reason not base public policy on the Bible.For instance,I enjoy shrimp tacos and cheeseburgers. Abominations both
": On average 3.6 series per year are won by team w/o home court. This year had 3 just in first round."
He was signed to a split minor/major league contract, so there's really no onus on the team to start him on big league roster.
Dont worry, it's the Ed Show, nobody will see it if you screw up.
Sorry Ohio U, Cinderella wants her slipper back.
Just saw the mock up of our Debut Issue Cover. INCREDIBLE!!!
So Lebron passing to Wade resulting in a clear layup that Wade blows means Wade is the clutch one? This is amazing even for you Internet.
Your #car deserves a #spa day! Mention #Twitter to get 25% off any #detail! We're MOBILE & #ecofriendly! #sandiego #sd #auto (619) 928-4848
playing Christian Grey makes the #50ShadesOfGrey fantasy inside my head so much hotter
I was really ready for this week off... Somehow I'm just getting in bed after baking for the last 8 hours. <U+E410>
Thanks for the follow :)
awww poor lady x
Seeing Steven Tyler's huge face and mouth on a Burger King commercial is almost as bad as the Ticket Oak.
Gearing up my engines for my fourth trip to beautiful Austin, Texas, and my second trip to SXSW. You, reading this: you should come on down!
your LinkedIn profile said you joined in 2001
agreed - i hope it does too! heard it is very cool space.
#FF , it's a local art gallery in featuring a variety of fine art.
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave...
I won't be watching much TV today, because every second is still etched in my mind. Thoughts and heartfelt prayers for 9/11
where is ? I have no motivation to write this lab report. :)
Ikr!! I hope he is there at your party ;)
Heading to McMinnville, TN to play a private wedding party for Brett McDavid. I wonder if any "Walruses" show up? :)
Here's to hoping we have more sun than we did in April. Happy May!!
you like the weirdest sports.
Good night ya 7lwa RT": #GoodNight"
hahah our whole class forgot about it.so yeah I did.
Careful, your going to get suspended again...
haha! Totally. Yeah let me know when you're in the bay!
I sincerely feel that beauty largely comes from within
uhh as you should. Bill Murray is one of the world's greatest humans.
I don't think the Gardner heist will ever be solved. Then again, I also didn't think Whitey would ever be found.
Matthew Graves not accepting the Morehead St job worries me a little that Brad Stevens may be on his way sooner than later.
happy belated btw! How is Bentley?
You need Mr. Miagi to nurture it back to health.
Perfect Saturday weather.
#derbyday watching the horse races all day! go #hansen <3 !
Bed please come back..
“: I actually sing too! I'm definitely not as good as you but I'm on YouTube if you care to look. Haha.” I'd love to check it out=)
& peep my man 's #Randomonium joint 2...of course #TheSoulstice is always bangin
The Countdown to a new, improved and expanded studio is winding down! "Like" this post if you are just as excited as we are!
Our parent company is having its annual music Garage sale in one week. Look for auctions on Rock, Pop, Jazz, New-Age and Smooth Jazz CD's.
Thanks for the links yesterday. Very interesting stuff.
Hey buddy, I'm good...have been traveling a ton. Tell the wife I say hello! I'll get to Vegas soon, we need to have a drink.
Wishing you a bless and wonderful birthday weekend!
I will definitely think more about this. May be a good educational blog or series on Break everything into boxes!
It is quality rather than quantity that matters.
I think you're on to something there. It's the "wouldn't it be cool..." phenomenon.
Meow, I wanna be in Taiwan with gaga rn
All the time.
just a tad hungover, not sure if I'm going out, how about yourself?
I'm not chasing my dreams. I'm catching my dreams.
you think that's bad... wait til you have to play Barbies! Brutal!!
It will be chilly tonight but the heat will be on at Emergency Arts-get downtown for First Friday and some FAB art...
Working on a new song for a new video. There will be many notes and rhythms happening simultaneously for your listening and viewing pleasure
Thanks for following
Thanks for following me back, hope we will have time to exchange ideas and throughts sometimes. Like u I am not after #'s.
Gizmodo: It's always best not to put too much stock in the old familiar "supply chain sources," but 9to5Mac knows a guy w
#NowPlaying | Queer - Garbage
A smile takes a moment but the memory of it lasts forever. :)
who's ur bf???? Am I missing something here?!
I agree! even w/ preschoolers, let alone anyone, knowledge of being observed often alters behavior-teens are even more self conscious
Congrats for 12K ;) Yesterday was 11K now, you got that 12K ? OMG! I love you, you deserve it :D <3
Also, thanks to I now have six hours of queued up today.
Book A Star for Your Next Event. Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs*******
Hi, bitches. I'm back.
I think every answer to that question would be "Get faced with Anthony Powell."
Nothing uglier than a girl wearing a Lakers jersey.
thanks! It has been a while. How are you doing?
Thanks :) hopefully everything works out fine.
People say I'm not a good listener but I disagree; I do think of my best jokes watching other people talk at me.
Hello and thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, maybe we can work together??
missed u at jazid. went thru but you weren't there yet. need to catch up with u abt this remix package I'm working on.
Harbaugh not calling timeout to allow Cundiff proper time is embarrassing. Agreed?
"I never throw the first punch, but I'm always a knockout- Love her
JUST HIT OUR FIRST 100 FRIENDS!!! KEEP 'EM COMING!
Just had a studio session with , one of the last real ones doin it .. Expect BIG things from us in #2012 !
Those texts you get in the morning that totally make your day a thousand times better :)
Duncan's hairline will never recede RT : Duncan and Parker went to the same barber at Supercuts
come on cody fight i know you can make it through don't give up please
You're right! I noticed Vasquez Rocks in some truck commercial & in an ep of New Girl.
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show! :{) So proud of you <U+2665> u are amazing! wish i could meet u someday.
i hate it when things don't go as you plan it too.
If loving you is wrong, than I don't wanna be right.
Haha... RT : Data ruins the ad magic, don draper would be so sad
I will get the ski mask, let's do you me and the bean!
My favorite people RT “: "Millions of Milkshakes Madness"
my grandma always told me , "that marijuana will make you sleepy" and boy was she right
while you're up, think about finding this film by Dee Rees
no sticks no seed -kid ink
oh yeah?
Gym first thing in the morning sucks!!
Happy holidays from Latin Beat Magazine to all of our readers! The past 20 years have been a blast!
The people renting my house were like.."Yah we will totally take care of your yard." Checked it in April. It's all weeds baby. Right on.
I really wish people would give me back the shit that I let them borrow in a reasonable amount of time without me asking 20 million times!!!
lol just did. Follow me bro
Why is everyone getting the front piece of hair blonde? People are such followers!
As always, thank you for the up close and personal touches...can't wait for the next! Kudos to you for living your dream!
I was just going to tweet at her
RT "Spending 10-20 mins in reflection/meditation can relieve stress & improve your tolerance of situations around you."
Listening to the Midnight in Paris soundtrack, drinking whiskey, and writing.
#Commercial #audition today!
you know the last time you went to Texas, I had to go down there and fly you back.
so they are looking for inexperienced preppers looking to learn? What's the show called?
I'm swagged out today!
Wha-what??? Big congratulations! Does teaching crwt workshops come with it? Really happy for you!
Performances by & the Ladies of And book club w/ !
Every new day begins with possibilities. It's up to us fill it with things that move us toward progress & peace. R. Reagan
crazy question, does anyone know a digital strategist? sounds interesting...
Game of Thrones Marathon on HBO!
Nothing you . Do u have a skype ?
Werewolf Slayer APA beginning to brew and 3 stations ready to bottle, when will you start your own batch? Call today!
Oh, there are snow days, even at college!
tatum look faded !!!! Look he look a mess love him tho
No matter what happens in life, be good to people. Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind.
“: Just got 's cd, already riding to it!” atta boy! turn it up!
your cooker is a rice-specific microwave? I am confused.
I know this might sound weird, but drink a ton of really cold water. That usually gets rid of my sugar cravings.
Do not stand at my grave and cry, I'am not there; I did not die.
Thank bloody goodness for that :) Well, I've brought the scarves to HI...
Aishwarya Rai Slammed in India for Not Losing Baby Weight
perfect morning to listen to 'ill communication'
nice pro bowl team Steeler pic. If I didnt know you were a Kappa, I would think you were an Alpha with the "hang loose" sign.
"if they monitor this, davey in twuble"
miss u too! I was half-expecting a call tonight to do a quick 'on-scene' ...
I don't want the world to see me Bc I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want u to know who I am
"They're all violent lads. Well except for Niall, he just sits there and smiles"
Jones had an awful game from start to finish. Costly mistakes, mental and physical, all day. Let's see how he comes back.
haha im slowly regreting this decision...how are you?
You only want me when Im taken
Ryan walk off the stage and run away from that show it's jumping the shark like fonzie Time for a new show. My opinion Goodnight :))))
I swear my week goes by just like this; monday, tuessssssssdaaaaay, weddddddnessdaay, thruusssaaay, FRISATSUN, monnndaaayy..
Eating food,but can't taste any of it.
I got a penny for your thoughts ;)
Thank you for following.
One of the best feelings in the world is finally peeing when you've been holding it for hours.
next step, get a full horn section? would be ridic.
lol I know omg
What a sad day this has become...Troy Davis was executed.... I am outraged at this travesty!!!
"Learn to do good; seek justice, rescue the oppressed, defend the orphan, plead for the widow" -Isaiah 1:17
#Gratitude EVERYWHERE today
Cant wait to go home!
A journey of a thousand miles begins with... a cup of coffee, for me anyway.
Someone bring me an icee. My throat is throbbing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
You know you're Blasted if you wake up from a black out and is over you!
Depends how many you can drink in a shift!
I hope it wasn't any of our Pittsburgh food that made you sick! Great show last night.
A rocket risk is not knowing the "how" but doing it anyway!
I love you because you've got that one thing! llol..idk..but I still LOVE you<U+2665> follow?
Love it!
I miss Vampire diaries...
Its nice when someone remembers every little detail about you, not because you keep reminding them but because they actually pay attention.
Self pity is a tool of Satan.
guess they gotta LOCK EM UP! Haha
The only time you have to worry about a stripper being late is when she's late to the stage... cause she's already pregnant.
yes we do man. You going to be back anytime soon?
Loving Steven Tyler and J-Lo already. Kinda surprised actually!
JORDANHYSTERIA. I used to be a sneakerhead. Camped out overnight for Jordans and exclusive Nike Sb's/Retro's/OG's. Left the Jones's alone.
If one more 10 year old child tells me they like my One Direction shirt I'm going to punch somebody.
praying for you!
Merril Hoge's double Windsor is on steroids.
Finale party RT: : Looking fwd 2 this week's #BWSOTU mtg-since it ends w/finales of #GreysAnatomy & #Scandal!
Remember where you were today...
;) I love you kitten
buhahahahaha lmao i'm really laughing out loud..CANT BELIEVE YOU ARE TWEETING lol..you must be waitin in line at
You and me both. I thought I was cool about to buy two more tickets. I still would've lost.
I was going to say, whats me?
RT : My press conference will air on tonight at 2am ET/ 11pm PT. Tune in!
Amen! Still in Scotland? Still loving it?
rofl I kinda just smiled weirdly when I was reading it, I didn't know how to react
Remember playing Jenkins in high school. His 80 yard split, also impressive, which he showcased more than a few times
make sure to post your guesses on the afb forum. (They don't bite.)
Music can change the world, because it can change people. ~Bono
So you're saying we should impose our views on other cultures? I think GWB would've loved having you in his administration!
Money can't buy you love cause love is overpriced.
GOT HACKED... FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT
Movies with my pops>>
hey Jeff glad you found me keylessmusic.com
yes, and if we deny that this tech even exists in the classroom, we are doing a disservice
Come watch the Buffs and all your favorite teams today!
On second rebuy...good thing I don't tilt!
Be sure and Send Us A Message and let us know what topics YOU would like us to cover about indie moviemaking! :)
if she smokes alot of #weed she is a keeper!
Georgia mainly.
HBO in the motel and True Blood and Curb are on? The perfect end of the weekend.
How was everyone's holiday weekend?
follow me... please
i emailed you a few days ago and havent heard back :(
Anyone can make you smile. Many people can make you cry. But it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes.
lottery spot, 46th and 2nd: cbs 2 news crew, people shoving, soup nazi-esque clerk, a sad old woman spending 'my last $300' on instapicks.
Hey, nice of you to say. Thank you, Andrew.
Yes! You too? I thought I was the only one. lol
yeaa, well you are all being blind, from what is really in front of you, I defend Jesus, because I love him, and she doesnt respect him, ...
for real though! Wachu doing up this late lil mama!?
Another tough loss tonight for the Jays, time to bounce back for this tough stretch of games!
Oh yes! First thing I read, and then I blogged about it and ordered my whole family to read it! Unfortunately some of it I...
we're having a big one next weekend haha you're comin Roesh
Lol what's new
you're hott
The rumor that all the guys riding in the #BlackOps2 trailer were wearing My Little Pony t-shirts is false.
I. Love. Breakfast. Burritos.
actually its only been 103 years. Ha
aw love you too! (:
Ive seen that before. Every so often one of these studies comes out on the different bird species' habits.
" A person who is not weaker than his weakness is the actual man of success."
#EmptyBowl Musician line up Idgy Vaughn, the Fireants, Elizabeth Wills, Shelley King, Woode Wood, the McCallum (and more!)
I really don't understand what I can do so wrong
lol I MISS YOU !!!! Can't wait to come home !
Govern thy life and thoughts as if the whole world were to see the one, and read the other. - Thomas Fuller
yaaaay will do!!!
A drone is some kind of unmanned aircraft that is usually equipped with bombs and is radio-controlled.
Alright, who bled in the sink?
damn i fucking ran cuz my bus driver didnt leave me rite in front of my apt same crap happened to jesus lol we be barking at him cx
Goodnight twitter <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
PS interview about his global health experience will be up on my blog this Tuesday! #APRNchat Good night!
what about him? That's my guy <33333 he's safe.
#ithoughtyoulookedgood Stay thirsty my friends!
Pumped for Snow Patrol tonight!
who's 325??
oh yes were ready... But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!!!! ;) #follow?
Fair enough.
Looking forward to this weekend off. :)
swag swag swag on you
But I'm scared to check my mail cz idnt wanna see this light bill lol iknw, my feelingsc gne be hurt..
thanks for the reminder! I make a point to hire rescued girls! heard good things about you from
You're welcome. Always happy to tweet about vaginas with hot women.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!!'
The tricky thing is yesterday we were just children playing soliders, just pretending, dreaming dreams with happy endings...<3
City lights lay out before us. And you're arm felt nice wrapped ' round my shoulder.
I hate la.
you need some ice cream:-)
man da fuckin saints is trippin rite now. they goin to get rite tho watch
I really like Paris #TrueFact .
honored to be a part of the Executive Leadership Team for the 2011 Go Red for Women Luncheon!
Today at the City Center: climb a 25ft rock wall during your lunch hour and learn more about the Over the Edge Event for Special Olympics!
Why even attempt a steal here? Why?
I need a phone # for a customer service agent I can speak to right now on a Sunday. Horrible experience at Kennedy Blvd. store.
Who stays in the #westland area?
I realize this is an airport and so the only thing they can legally put on the TVs is sports and news [+]
Hangin at Creative Media Center!
Exude confidence. Your confidence stems from your beliefs.
hahahah its a random creeper and um alright...hm
Skylar is going to do just fine. She'll probably have a record deal tomorrow.
Good seeing you at #sfopen. Psyched for you to be speaking at TED tomorrow. Cool!
Friday! A gift in itself:) Have a great weekend!
Finished watching HOP it was a good movie very cute and funny! lol I meant to have watched it on Sunday! I forgot! =)
Opening Day at the Rockies is as exciting as Opening Day at Summer Camp for Colorado Honor Band.
Not gonna lie, I love when class gets cancelled on days I really don't feel like going.
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures. ~Thornton Wilder
please remind me
If you wait for everything to be perfect, you will end up doing nothing
ate too much candy at the movies, mouth so salty
Chocolate and beer. Two things #makemesmile. Not necessarily in that order.
I LIVE MY DREAM . YO LIVE YOU DREAM YES OR NO ? FOLLOW ME PLEASE THK ;)
Choose to be mighty, choose to be happy, choose to be good.
Friend: What kind of beer you want? Me: An open one.
How's TO today? I think #portland may give it a run for it's money today.
Was totally dragging from a lack of food. Then I remembered I have peanut butter. I love you peanut butter.
I always dreamt of serving a good cup of espresso to my hero Captain Planet, he definitely needs a break! ;p
#TheGrammys: mourning #Whitney and the absence of authentic talent.
Did you know there was a Studio 54 in Barcelona? at El Paralelo Street - the Barcelona Broadway area - theaters - musicals - and more
hangboard! I have one sitting here and actually discussed at length how to get it on our hangbar. \o/
Very nice - I forgot to post that! By the time I ate it was so late that I was off the computer! I'll post it now...
prom gown
'Cause it's either dressing up like Trekkies, furries, or Victorian ladies and gents. That's why. :)
follow or swallow, its your choice
thank you for following us
happy mothers day to the most beautiful person in the world. I'd be completely lost with out you. I love you mommy! <U+2665>
thanks bro i got u tho
Google Docs puts design font and center - VentureBeat
Irony is reading a conversation on Facebook about how Twitter is a waste of time.
Have fun love! :-)
YOU MAKE ME FEEL SO LALALA
": I'm the happy, outgoing girl that breaks down every night at home."
The Grand Conjunction. 2 top-ten lists will SOON COLLIDE. Top 10 Ancient Egyptian misconceptions & Top 10 Doomsday Predictions bit.ly/kMebEI
Sorry to hear that - we're not ahead by much, but enough to still feel good about it!
RT : Two out of three 2nd grade classes logged into this week - whoo hoo!
I am master of the party bus, a true weekend warrior. And next time, my friend, we will rule it together.
It was a superbly bad idea to get on the 10-E
he grandpa
Nothing but class from #Bynum till the end. Up 10 with 4 seconds left and fouling. Lots to be proud of as a laker fan from that guy!
"'But' is a fence over which few leap." - German proverb
maybe if i was several sizes smaller n a couple cups bigger!!
“: I certainly hope so. Who then?” - you should jump on the platform and look at it.
OUR LOVE FOR JUSTIN HAS NO BOUNDS <3
#JonnyTee New Single "Friday Night" Out 6/5/12. From #freshlikeme (Official Clipper Anthem) Check Out Video on YouTube
WHAT A JAM!
and if I wanted I could get to wave 50 biznitch
s/o to for not talking to me anymore (<U+FFE3><U+30FC><U+FFE3>) he's a MF tho follow him :)
Oh you're kidding! Hasn't heard they got DirectKick. That's awesome!
OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight on LA Talk Radio!!
Happy Father's Day to all you amazing Dads out there! You are the "base" to our B.A.S.E. Camp! :)
": I demand that the rest of the game be the Patty Mills & James Anderson show. #Spurs"
I can't wait till tomorrow
3-yr-old reply: WHO Sick Man of Asia? I thought that was always we, the Ottomans. It was Tsar Nick II who started calling us tht.
Happy Texas Independence Day! Can't wait to get back HOME to the great
#SometimesIWonder If I would've stayed stuck-up? Huh that's a good question!!!
Having a blast at #MiamiNowTV launch
“: #Cancer: crazy, cool, charming, caring, considerate, confident, classy, captivating, cute, chubby, chocoholics.”
haha I'm not complaining kristin(:
Wishing all the mother's and female teachers a Warm, Wonderfully fun day!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gosh, why are people lowering my energy so much this week? Bringing out my stank side.
Oh hey! ME TOO!
this is terrible offense
happy B-Day
Thanks again, stay safe!
Congrats to the LA Kings for beating Vancouver in overtime and ending their season. Hopefully there won't be riots this year.
Attention Real Estate agents! Earn 10% of the purchase price for referrals! Have your clients furnish their new homes with us and get paid!!
yea that's how it be forreal
I'm sorry about the post-less-ness. I'm drowning in AP Government homework.
I miss my girlfriend ,.
whenever you call baby I roll up “: Just left show #doobiedoobie time”
Chip Kelly UO Head Football Coach“If you believe in karma we're playing in the Tostitos BCS Nat Championship & your coach’s name is Chip”
So what happens now???
Message sent RT : we don't dm. You can email
That's good news!
...and opened 2012 with a seven-length allowance victory at Gulfstream Park on March 16
hope surgery went well today!
Happy B-Day!
Who wants me to put a photo of my balls on Instagram? Because I'll do it.
I am now a checkerboard chick
. and LOVE IT WHEN MY HOSTS GANG UP ON ME!
50 jus to change the oil in my car?!?!
Day n night
coming to me Monday to pick up a fair! Lots of goodies
i miss uu too!><
Jessica , NYC TENNIS WILL C 2 it that u win Idol so relax and enjoy time with ur family!
RT Top Fantasy Defenses for Opposing WRs, RBs and QBs are now updated through Week 13. www.gogameface.com
Action is the foundational key to all success. Pablo Picasso
thanks Amy! you guys were the best - so supportive. hope all is well with you. saw the Miami pics - made me miss y'all!!
#film #teamfollowback #indy Paulding, a M.E.W. production will begin filming in July. Located in Upper Michigan, this horror film follows..
235, m I didn't pay attention in the row :s
cool ill follow yours if u follow mine
I love that show and the books
First and second-row seating offers good head and legroom, and the power folding third-row seats quickly convert to cargo space
Me too. : I judge every single human by their grammar. #MyAchillesHeel”
i swear twitter never sleeps..
Cowboys need gruden
#I am #going to #sKiP eveRYwherE I go #toDay! And sWiNG my arms! And #wHisTLe. :op Im
this is beautiful. Love love ur tweets!
And more lol :) is gnarly “: I want to one million followers”
I wanna cuddle with her right now (:
So lucky to have this one following me --->>>
websites on websites on website
Not sure what the deal is
Sometimes I need to let my brain go down a completely different path. That seems to be when answers to my plotting problems pop into view.
happy late birthday
Watchin how to be a player!
Really going to miss our seniors! MT : Either playing #TheApprentice in class or acing my last ever college final
I'm baaackk twitter :)
Do you sync your Google Calendar with Microsoft Outlook or iCal?
Gonna go make a #milkshake :)
Camp was great. We're going to start posting kid writing of the day -- starting with a haiku about beetles.
Not a foul
day dream believer....
Once we reach 1000 followers on Twitter and Facebook, we will launch a contest where YOU can win a prize! Details coming soon!
is about to make me, & rite for summer!! #Zumba ppl...get hip & get ur body back!
My 9th grade Social Studies teacher told me I had a good public speaking voice. Gave me confidence to talk in front of a room
Things Hamilton people say..lol
George Wendt is an uncle of Jason Sudeikis.
In Music Meeting
Attended a networking event at great food, quality connections.
Nigga talking bout he could careless bitch if you don't care why fuck you speaking on it -____- fuck up with that weak shit... You CARE
Is Rooney's Old Irish Ale "supposed" to smell/taste like vinegar? Or is that one more reason not to dig this place?
Yes we won
Sorry, I've never noticed.... Enjoy little 5 for me and watch over my little brothers so they don't do anything stupid
dats all a nigga like me is asking for mane and da rest will fall in place
just think it's somewhat of a delusional fan base in terms of expectations. But you know more than I, I'm an fsu fan
Top Reasons Happy Couples File Wedding Insurance Claims Vendor and venue problems are the most frequent causes of wedding day mishaps tha
Optimism is positive thinking lightened up- Norman P Veale
Are you volunteering to manage our Twitter feed?
did you guys freakin watch it!?
I got sick AGAIN, but only this time my left side hurts, been hurting for a few days so, I'm going to the doctor to see what's up.
get some clths
Clear alcohol is for rich women on diets -Ron Swanson
Not in a good mood.
Blah Blah Blah! You have NO proof! Lol...What you doin tonight?
The only good thing about planking is that eventually someone will end up on a Tosh.0 web redemption.
man, i need some bur>oak discounts. Flights got so expensive!
This site is about Zen Buddhism, wholly distinct from Theravada Buddhism.
FRESH TIP FOR YOUR BOD: Get ample sleep! It is when your body rejuvenates... xo, Kerry
Ditto. And I am pissed. RT : I swear this new update on the iPhone has made my battery 100% worse??
Thank you for the shout-out! :)
music up, headphones in, ignore the world.
I don't call a lot of guys cute, so if I do you must be really lovely.
Unbelievable shots from Alabama...cue the circus music. The clowns are already there...wearing stripes.
RT : #iReallyHateWhen I procrastinate and waste a whole day.
Fuck this guy has staring problems!<U+E40E> like stop <U+E423><U+E011>
already emailed you, thanks!
I cant wait till this weekend mayne
Enjoying a hot cup of coffee on this cloudy San Diego day.
Good night :) Dont let your unicorn bite ! LOLOLOL
Pliny the Elder~ From the end spring new beginnings.
Birthday party with Brooke ballard lol fun fun
Thank you so much for the shout out, Vicki!!! :D Go #DC and #EtsyCREST AND for also being featured!! :D
So fun! We must meet & talk in person. The profile is too generous; it really ought to be an ode to life.
everyday you rise it's another day to work on making your skills excellent, keep working!!!
Not sure who to vote for #dwts thinking Sherrie
Next stop, The AMA's and then the Grammy's! Best independent Male R&B artist! Can't beat that.
I had a dream I was impersonating Sofia Vergara in a Russian accent.
Now tweeting from a Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket.
I wanna hear something!
For 1 gallon of gas, you can join our filmmaking family. Check it out. www.housebrokenmovie.com
Playing around with google+...any thoughts from those that have used it? I'm still on the fence....
“: I guess Katy Perry finally saw "Arthur"....”. Ouch...
Leadership is integral thinking - Kenneth E. Bruscia
both sides were too stubborn to want to change.
My thought today: This is a generation whose voices are crying out for meaning and screaming to be heard. Don't give up on them.
Cool art app - Art Authority
what's nbd?
Love may not be for everyone, but Love Crunch is.
I heard a steak tell a chicken that was on the same table one night, "I have a bone to pick with you!" Yeah, I'm hungry LOL
How does one simply eat breakfast without bacon?
thanks girlie love you too :)
awesome festival. Films film makers and film history.
I hate girls that dance like freaks but when it's time to get in the sheetz they don't know what to do 0_o*
My new app for building eportfolios is in beta - ! Would love to hear your thoughts!
John Axford is gaming the system to save his streak...he saves all his crummy outings for close games, but non-save situations.
Just started following a ton of people I know, have to get my social networking back!
I gotta do this dumb essay for Jimenez -.-
wow! R y'all still in genetics?
No worries!
Tommy Bartlett Show has several Olsen signs out. Like FB page and post like I did or call 6082542525. Disgusting and arrogant.
Get more at Embassy Suites
Good question! #Tattoos are viewed differently by employers depending on the country. Can you cover them?
Hulk smash, indeed.
be a real hacker...drop a link!
wednesday, you are no longer the empty boring day between #buffy and #ER. thanks, !
Jason forgets dinner on grill now its pizza time..thank god for delivery..
Apparently O.A.R. and B.o.B. are performing together on Leno tonight. Wondering why AC/DC and N.W.A. never collaborated on a song.
Wow! No visibility, strong winds, and strong rain while crossing the 520 bridge on my motorcycle. Quite the experience and adrenaline rush!
Could we be the only occupation pitching a tent?
just for today
We are like dominoes, I fall for you, and you fall for another. </3.
forced vacations are good for the soul.
These #Scott2012 volunteers rock: Michael Bowman, CM Rick Blackwell, Kathy Little, CW Vicki Welch and State Representative Joni Jenkins!
Somewhat of a #latetweet but I'm really upset I missed the Wind Orchestra's farewell performance earlier!!!
damn bro you're so skinny, last time I saw you in Dickinson you where built !
#OTRC it is a dream come true for me, too! I had my first film role in
Safe Sex the Best Sex..I Keep A...#GoldPack!
I fave too, then I never go back :(
About 1/3 is $ for state/local govs. Wouldnt it be helpful for your county? (you can email me )
. Our current ambassador, Walter Dean Myers is the example here, right? What of Nikki Grimes? Lois Duncan? Jane Yolen?
OUCH!!, well try getting AWAY from what is making you SNEEZE.. Run! if you have to........ Save Yourself.... lol =p
No man it was the original version, but your remix is still amazing! +VP
It hurts to smile :c
yes, and the question of whether or not she ever included an actual date in the story plot.
xoxo Gossip Girl
Hey now! You haven't tweeted me all day..! #WhatsUpWithThat..?:/
Agreed - glad we got a chance to meet and it was good to connect with the folks at #amasummit - talk soon :-)
I really hate the safety dance. But I can get on my phone:)
oh we did. Perfect night, thank you!
Sunday FUN day <3 Round 1...Time to Bang out sum Bleacher Sprints~ Rise & Shine..Heat it up & Beat it up!!!
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER! <3
I heard they were mailing them the last week of april
May day arrests according to estimated to be 35. live where protests continue.#KGWNightTeam 11pm
Nice job brother! I hope all is well with you!
Merry christmas
In case all hell breaks loose this tweet happened at 8:53 EST for those counting at home RT : There will be a Game 7
My 2011: Harlistas: An American Journey. Dirty Girl. Aim High. Koran By Heart. Beethoven's Christmas Adventure. American Ninja Warrior.
Have I mentioned I absolutely positively HATE algebra?
i like crunch berries ( crunchatize me captain) lmfao hbu?
thanks!!! Much love
I love hearing "is available for food" in the live performances. Audience becomes laugh track.
lol I don't blame ya
Papas birthday is today (: dinner with the fambam tonight (:
Did you see that has a plugin?
Thanks man!
thinking of good ways to april fools sean in the morning. suggestions please.
Always great odds walking into and finding my phone plugged in at the bar.
Inspector Gadget. Now that was some tripped out mess, dude.
Bahaha too bad I was in the first 15 minutes fist-pumping at the party scene - you could have ended the misery after that
QoTD: "Celebrate endings - for they precede new beginnings." (Jonathan Lockwood Huie)
Greinke picks up hid first hit of spring. That ties him with Ryan Braun!
Alex Sanchez was an awesome speaker! His stories were touching, real & hopeful. We can all make a difference!
YES! RT : Goal for in 2012: find new ways to push visitors to Indy's growing neighborhoods outside of downtown.
please support homelessdogmusic.com when we launch All funds go for dogs on death row
Browns want Trent Richardson, in my opinion. Hillis is gone.
Might be the wrong time of year to be headed outdoors...we need a good family fitness regime...
on the bright side, if someone trying to connect to your site does that -- they'll still find you!
Football tickets purchased! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
I need someone to do marketing with me next year!!
good, and you better not.
I know right?
Porter had kind words for guru Scott Manning: A beer savant is the local brewers' consensus.
#NP Hi-a Ma - Milk & Sugar Dub Remix
in reflecting, I'm thinking the dr. evil thing isn't authentic...but because time travel doesn't exist, not sure what wld be a.
I hate wen my phone screen flips and won't flip back forever.
i am tuned to Dead Air on
Girl when you wake I'm going to be your hang over
We're having a free coffee and bagels today in the GSA Lounge from 3-5. Free food people
Calling all scientists! We need volunteers on NLN. Join today at nationallabnetwork.org/signup
Yes sir they do!!
Terrell Suggs is sitting behind me rooting hard for U of L.
Anyone want to help me start a slap-bracelet company? Meeting in 5.
Try out a new drink recipe that calls for red wine? Oh...ya better twist my arm. ;)
I always think wait till this jokers see my next car
Proverbs 28:22 22 A stingy man hastens after wealthand does not know that poverty will come upon him.
- Come out to #edcampDetroit to see how it goes and start planning one for the West-Side. We'll help! :-)
About to beast this comm quiz
"In every work of genius we recognize our own rejected thoughts; they come back to us with a certain alienated majesty." - R.W. Emerson
We are now tweeting as ! Stay tuned for more great invention content!
ah thanks!!
Dear Austin, Please Pray for mahomies in North Carolina there are bad storms coming:( It would mean a lot if you did. Thanks<3
Rest. Rejuvenation. Yay. G'night!
Met with my personal trainer today, time to get more results! :)
Was wondering when the "Bin Laden was killed on my watch" reminder would come.
Sunburns are stupid and pointless.
What about relevant?
It aint over... n I quote
theres a lot acting camps this summer in Fl. We basically go to a studio for about 2 weeks & learn about film, improvs etc.
"Twitter is God's Gift to Communicators" says
Please vote for KashPile, started by a CBS alum, on...
TRUE RT #Taurus women have a unique way of balancing loving support and feminine independence in a relationship.
Well it'll be quite the walk! I'll look like a caveman once I get there!
#Brooklyn11223 why isn't Christie mad at cassie? And why does she assume this girl cassie is telling the truth?
U prolly think im wita diff broad every night win I think about shit u part right
it's official like a ref with a whistle!
we are trending Happy Birthday Emmazing Watson and #WatsonDay. Please RT and tweet them for our flawless Emma.
"Things move too slowly in government." -Ursula Burns, CEO Xerox /wk
You learn everything you need to know about LeBron when you see that replay with Chandler.
Tonight is $5 Three Olives and $3 wines The Anchor Bar
OK then, one week Beirut & one week Malta - let's say next July. Need to avoid,,
I'm slow to trust but I'm quick to love, I push too hard and I give too much, I ain't saying I'm perfect but I promise I'm worth it.
Sneaky Sunday sesh ;) x
Forget the tweet about me not having my YouTube channel I got it back
15 and Austin said that you didn't want him here anymore
Only diff I've elicited so far: Arendt's inter-est = a search for shared agency, Burke's identification allows for that but it's not auto.
I'm so happy that Chicago can claim Jennifer Hudson as our own. She's incredible!
...More Like A Ramp
They say that when u dream about someone they went to bed thinkin about u so why have u been thinkin about me the past week! ;)
you can't be serious, I just missed my 8000th tweet and I didn't even realize it -_-" maybe I should just give up on this :/
Thanks Molly!
Anyone played around with Pearltrees yet to "cultivate your interests"? Looks like it might be a cool platform for social curation..
I did it. Still hate seeing myself on camera, but the days of letting that stop me are coming to a close. heal + create videos coming soon!
Send me your favorite friends and follow us here on twitter ..
he's more than just a superbowl - you might want to brush up on your football history
Siren Going OFF again here!! Another Round! PLZ Pray 4 Henryville, IN. Pics r Devastating!!
you're welcome!
Keep your expectations low.
You should win an award for most twitter tags. It's so cool. Thanks a ton for all your support!
#oomf is on Twitter but can't text me back..that's cool.
any idea when the dates for your tour will be released??? Just wondering
Omg, someone just asked me v v randomly if he could take a photo of me while playing..
I like the Sun Drop commercial. Lol..
in the last wk what makes you not think he's putting it together. He still has only played less than 1.25 major league seasons.
absolutely! I'm pretty sure it will be a Friday through Sunday mini trip. Coffee or an #IPA is definitely in order.
A company placed my name on IMDB as a rumored director for a Marcus Garvey project. I have NOTHING to do with it, and never would.
How everyone enjoy that 1st week back on the hustle… New Year, New Opportunities
Anyone up for running a half-marathon tonight through the city?
it's truly an amazing feeling when you reach the point that professional models want to work with you.
CHEESE :D LOL
Your Got A Big Ole BOOTY is a wonderland - John Mayer
no it wont! this week has gone by so slow!! yea that slow lol
Another dose of THE AVENGERS for me!
Good to be back in the office the last couple of days. Most of the staff is out recruiting so it's nice and quiet but productive.
One of the boyz tweeting Vinny Happy Birthday >>>>>>
If only for a night
Using ning site for a class and finding it a dud cause students already have Facebook & I'd never go there and Blackboard's better for disc.
Michelle Backwhocares endorses Mitt Romney Umm... Why is that news? Who else is she going to endorse, Obama! Sounds good to me
it would make my MONTH if you followed me. Pwease, Austy.
I have two kids I'd be willing to rent y'all. Well-behaved. I'm sure we can cut a deal.
Now on to Game#5! Go Heat!
Into the city! #San Fran.
Well, yes that was the best cover of "Leather and Lace" ever.
Wimped out on Blair Witch after remembering that jumpy camera work makes me dizzy.
Tell you what. I am throwing a house-warming party sometime next month (I am moving this month), you'll get an invite.
and I would have known if I woulda said the stuff about you, which I didn't.
Migrating our web app from Prototype to jQuery. It feels like someone intentionally made them as different as possible :(
I Have the Next 2 Days OFF
Finished Senior Project!! Whoohoo!!! Ten hours and I will be presenting it to my committee!!
Thank YOU for #FF! ... Looking forward to catching up at ?
“: Tanning bed naps are a tease!”
you are wise in the ways of the ancestors Plaid One.
DC-bound
It was only a clip dang whatever idec.
k i got bored lol the password for that was thisisnotthepassword
Hopefully interviewing Michelle Obama on Monday!
Keep it up, Tom! Good work!
I've played handball (a sport like soccer just with ur hands) and then watchin soccer :).
Everytime I walk through a pair of doors, I open them both to make my entrance seem more dramatic.
I hate having a zit on my forehead...especially when it looks like a misplaced bindi dot! :(
we can't do nothing if y'all don't have no money
Thank you for clarifying that - it would probably dampen support if people thought I had 30 biological kids.
brick house-good for wolf, bad for
can't defy the news cycle on an empty stomach!
OOomf, you're on my mind 90% of the time, & that other 10% is wondering if im on yours too..
Great new menu to sample... lots of amazing Chef's creations that will keep you talking about them well after your dinner with friends!
yeah...I'm upset at the headline writer for not getting the point of the story. I love the 10 year helmet rule.
disappointed to hear Millar making excuses for Beckett. So much for cowboying up
(that wasn't sarcastic; i actually do love it.)
RT : Judith Marks: Not the technology, but turning the info into data we can use.
IMPORTANT! each crew member will be geting a twitter soon! We will keep you updated on that!
HEADED TO NOHO!
Do you eventually build up a tolerance to coffee? I like coffee, but if one cup at 9am means I can't sleep at night, I'll have to go decaf.
When the music changes, so does the dance
IF YOU LOOK NIALL HORAN, FOLLOW
I enjoy the jazzy elevator music on the #2012bench call. I'm bouncing in my seat & imagining I'm in a #MadMen episode.
That's how we roll! RT #heroesPDX free hoodies for attending a training?
9:30pm on a Sunday night... finally opening my backpack for the first time lol
Whats life like not being with someone who doesn't #inspire u 2 be a better u & give u butterflies? #idontwannaknow.... Lol
My uterus is always like me. It's part of me!
oh no worries, I started to not give a fuck my soph. year as well. You never get over it
if that is the case why didn't he tell us in the 1st place. His view on gay marriage has evolved???
JWP is Just Wanna Play - a DC based acoustic/electric dance party that plays everything you want to hear!
I want to go to IHOPS.
Been riding on a cracked seat post for who knows how long.
Thanks 4 the follow. Yea it's saturday, hope it's sunny and warm. Have a good day and a better tomorrow.
I'm glad I have Twitter. I need someone to talk to.
It probably less broad than some EULA's you may have accepted.
FML right now
Good luck on your final tommorow!Love you!(:
Money :Someone explain to me like I'm a child why Dianna is coming back for season 4 with the crap they give her!
That bitch is fukin annoying
wats the use u never tweet me back or follow me :'( im sad very sad now lol
yeah, i knew that. but apparently actually getting super sick is rare? so, yay for me, bc i am super sick.
it was so easy, I only had to implement IServiceBehavior, IEndPointBehavior, IOperationBehavior and IOperationInvoker.
both are great shows! Might need to hurry to get caught up on GOT, new season starts in 2 weeks
C'mon...this is Suppan, we should still be in the first inning shelling this jabroni Go CREW!!!! #brewers v
Had a great time with the Ott's this afternoon! :)
The Kids Are All Right Kisses!
Scary people<<<<
#ForcesOfNature Lets this this trending show em wat the gears community is all about
I could go for some watermelon.. no matter how stereotypically correct that is lol
Hear the Willy Wonka flute every time someone tells you a lie OR only be able to advance in life by competing on American Gladiators
Destined to be alone. Now to learn how to accept it and find happiness again. Thinking this is the yr I finally move away.
big up 2
Now that summer is officially here it's time for warm days and cold drinks! LIKE this if you're ready for some patio drinking time!
This suit is blacknot
Off to the zoo w/ hopefully to see some baby animals :)
Stimulants essential for any morning
One in every eight minutes spent on the internet is on Facebook
At the #VISAWUS conference with one
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JENNI!!! Jordan said she wanted me to take her shopping to get you something really special ... :)
All i gotta say is that I'm jealous of ! she got to see -________-
Saying Goodbye in the Rain: Black Theatre Troupe presents A SONG FOR CORETTA January 13 -22, 2012 in Phoenix
ha ha ha OH well, no dying on hump day, please. thin it out with a martini later ;)
Listening to 4HWW again...
are you going to make me call you Dr.Cadigan just because you have a phd?! #justkidding!!
Let's go CAPS!
Random News: Shahid Kapoor denied permission to stay at Gwalior airbase
sounds fun - email me.
From Peyton Manning, to Matt Flynn, to Alex Smith, to David Garrard..... Wow - Somewhere Matt Moore is laughing his ass off.....
The interactive children book for Seattle Aquarium looks sweet, good work.
My new silver rhinestone phone case arrived yesterday. Very PRETTY...very rock-n-roll. :)
I just went to Twitter to find out what happened in Hollywood. The times are changing. That's for sure.
It is SO hard to be Paisley. She has the roughest life ever.
Gina Dent and Angela Davis now showing photographs from their travels to Palestinian prisons.
The best feeling is coming up of the escalator and seeing the beautiful chipotle sign #twitterless Sara
#AmexUNSTAGED and part 2 starts! I like this song from his new album. Sixteen saltines.
spend the rest of your night reading these lovely text-only instagrams (). Turns out a picture is actually just 140 characters
I miss YOU, How long are you in NY my love
yeah girl! I got your graduation open house invitation today :)
We are looking forward to tweeting with you!
Gunna be a great day! Dull of energy
YOUR SO AMAZING !!! UR MUSIC IS THE BEST !! #TeamGenevieve #GenevieveNation F O R E V E R (: I love you ! RT
At the Mexican cultural institute ready to check in our #pasion guests!
Now Playing: - Domino
lol you will get there.
Really hoping there's no Gilbert Godfrey this week
Barbara Barry.
can I get a shoutout g
thanks for the RT
hey! I just got a bike!
Nance says she wants BOD to bring its issues back to so it can respond
I am having a hard time choosing to eat my lunch when all I want is Halloween candy!
good morning love :)
Just watched the Atlanta housewives go to Africa. Complete waste of my life.
That ad almost made me want to import a car from Detroit. # SuperBowl
you're my ambassador of quan! haha
If u haven't visited Technology Cafe yet, you're missing out! Hands-on experience w/YouTube, GoogleDocs, Tegrity, & more! Rm 201
"yeah I'm not buying you one direction tickets". words I never wanted to hear.
Like I'm tired of treating Now i finally get ta get treated watt :)
Listen up fam, if ur give'n more than 50% in yo relationship it aint no partnership. #straitaim'n
/ oprah the show was great, give some advice on being a successful coe visit www.coecontinuingeducation.com
Selling my red rayban knockoffs. Anyone?
My understanding is that he "wants out" is media contrived, but time will tell when ink and paper are SUPPOSED to meet.
i think so. I feel like sleeping somr more. :-)
A fireball pitched cannot be put out with spit.
just heard your song "Met Him in a Motel Room" for the first time ... You made me cry! Love it!! Amen!
Good talking with - cool dude. I LOVE how he got his start in the biz. We'll play it tomorrow
- Colbert is hilarious, shows all the joke that Citizens United is
Public Relations Team Leader in our Milwaukee office. Contact me to learn more .
ahoy hoy! Thanks for the mention!
S&P is on the warpath.
Hope to c #OOMF soon
Congrats to on #36 overall pick in #NFLDraft, Derek Wolfe, DL UC - Mile High here we come
nope. They are also a generally angry people.
WMBM listeners, Thursday October 28, 2010 at 9:15am Judge Karen will interview me as a candidate for District 17
Merry Christmas Alice. I hope you're having an amazing one. I wish all the best in the world for you. You deserve it.
your proabbly really busy but please please take the time to help me trend this PLEASE #LiamPayneFollowmaaaaaaaary1D xx
Super-glad to be on a 3-car B-line! I wish they all were at rush hour! # mbta
Wish I was cool enough to play four square in front of the library.
bout dang time! #kendalldidacover :) #49daysuntilBIGTIMESUMMERTOUR ah!!!! ARE YOU EXCITED?!?!?!
#YouAintMyFriendIf you wouldn't caddie for me
My password is 666
break legs!
God has drained his ravioli with my roof
On my way to #FromTheAshes conf discussing social justice in the two decades following the LA riots
You don't!
RT : Woken up yet another morning without the help of the Velvet Rooster. C'mon people, I need ya. RT...
If you forgive people's mistakes, your heavenly Father will forgive yours - Matthew 6:14
follow back pleasee:)
Editing a ton of pics from Paid Dues!!
He was mad because I posted a bunch of stuff to the internet rather than telling him, and he thought he might have been able to save my life
Those look awesome
That'd be great.
thanks, we follow them. Seen several episodes on YouTube. We were in #Philly for Scrapplefest
Lol Justin was singing n dancing
happy Turkey day. Sorry I couldn't b there
7 Rules to a better Life :1.Never Hate 2. Live Simply. 3. Expect a Little. 4. Give a lot. 5. Always Smile. 6. Live with Love. 7. Be With God
Derrick Rose has the best floater in the League!!!
We miss you around here. It's dead
for open bar in vegas!
Oh yeah we just beat horizon
- Thanks for putting this together. I'm new to twitter and I am loving it!
Born Villain? It's fucking amazing. I love it. Definitely worth your money. Manson is so talented.
Your the Common Denominator....oh oh ohh oh
he won't.
anyone on Richmond other than Brown worth paying close attention to?
When do you get off.....hehehehehe
Just booking more jobs....as usual....
Also, the Patriots ran out to every high school basketball team's warmup tape.
Word of the day = grizzled. I just like it.... Doesn't describe anything about my day.
Good to know that my Breaking & Entering skills are still up to par.
Time Stops For Nobody. Use It Wisely.
I followed:)
smh not good and now my stomach hurting
Now I won't be able to put my phone in my uggs anymore. That sucks.
- thanks for leaving the Love Boat theme song playing in my head! Safer play? M Barber / S Jackson?
Y do we women have to do more, then a man to get ready n the morning.
Ha! Well I'm always sorta Tweeting in my underwear. :) Thanks for link to review about LF, I'll read it on the bus this am!
For some reason, my blog is big in Sudan this week. Go me! (I hear Alphaville's "Big in Sudan" in my head.)
Seeing that im happy kills you?well how about me actually moving forward to happiness, too badd ive already left you gone miss me when i go
And Adam Lambert will be performing on next week's Idol results show. Ah Jessica will meet her hero Adam Lambert
i saw bruno twice this weekend. granted, i had some incentive. but question: how many repeat viewers do we get in the theatre?
Santorum is spending a shit ton of time defending his sound bytes
come up out of it. There is an exit point and you just gotta get out of it.
Westward, ho! Wait, what abt education?! RT : I think it's time to move to California! We love gays and uteruses!
yes you should loll...lol esp if you're giving your # out to clients/work related things LOL...
I NEED SOME TOO!
couldn't have said it better myself!!
Hi, my name is Jay Johnson and I am a professional speaker and trainer. I am interested! More info?
What do you mean the mexican/indian/chinese/american buffet we wanted to hit for lunch is closed for business?! How cud this be?....
When I finally get my booty to you, we are eating there. Deal?
One common theme last two nights in the park!
God Reminded Me That He's Still Able<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
You nt a hoe if u get first nighted. Unless that's a everyday thing for you.
"Work hard. Play hard. Be kind." You're so inspirational <3 #1Dbiggestfan4ever please please please please tweet me back?!?!<3
wait till we come back to LA.
"If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know." ~Louis Armstrong
I emailed you (this is a confirmation)
any great designers looking for a full-time job and willing to work in DC or Baltimore?
How many ways can you tweet "drinks?"
u r my inspiration! <3
Blodwyn never forgets.... But blodwyn did yesterday....
RT : Although I grew up here and have been back for 15 yrs..this is my first time EVER eating at TWIN ANCHORS!! Yummy!!
I actually brought my mother to work with me - but I call her "Mummy"
Why do even highly intelligent people use the phrase "I could care less"?
Playoff hockey is supposed to be about speed, skill, and excitement. Won't be watching long if this is what its comes to
eat a hamburger. This is America.
goal by Scott Timmins
Four bombs would put Braun in the same mention as Hard hittin Mark Whiten
Yesterday is a canceled check tomorrow is a promissory note. Today is the only cash u got, so spend it wisely. Love and Light
Wow, all defense for the #Patriots with their first 4 picks.
easy to do. especially while obsessively knocking on a closed door.
My apologies for not following my followers sooner than right now.
And you did all of that before noon. Pretty impressive.
I concur
Good morning early birds! We're on the set of "Good Day Oregon" We'll be hanging out with around 6:40am. :)
Yay!!!! We're shooting more today. Thanks for your support!
I doubt it. I went a couple of years ago & found it to be too mainstream for my taste.
My friend's outfit today >
Alright, just for you man! RT ": jealousy is a real bitch Javier...Now write twice as much!"
Red Bull! :D lol jk ...unconditional love is what makes me fly<3 RT": What makes you fly?"
How can Philly encyclopedia avoid duplicating other web content?
almost but 2nd place is great
"i like eggs!" hahaha, who knows where thats from?
Having twitter issues already. Maybe it didn't like my pic, LOL. Hope its stays this time.
Oh come ON, refs! That was totally the #texans ball!
just had a garbage plate from joe's hots in geneva, so good now it's time to pass out for a while:)
here at the library. :p and it's José Gallegos
madonna was giving me life during vogue at the superbowl
Be radiant in this ruby-colored necklace and earring set. Pear-shaped and round faux stones in
Follow the #InGenious Clothing Co. Crew! , &
Just got done with the committee for school. Both teachers are great. But I think one would be better.
sweet. Hanging out with you in Chicago should be fun.
Minnesota. you're being ridiculous. stop making everyone sweat.
Whose excited for spring ball next weekend?
RT : Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. -Oprah
brewers just dont have it this year
Wow, RIP Chuck Brown.
I love you
Being married really takes #PATIENCE ... Had to stress that, Patience!
Hi I'm I'm super AWESOME!!
I just wish I could still talk to you.
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she needs more followers it's doesn't take much time to press follow button please <U+2665>
Thanks for the invite! I appreciate it.
Can't wait to see the Voice tonight. And CASTLE!!
Let's go UMass!!!
wishing I was at my familys xmas party
ah thanks for the tip! I think I will watch an episode before bed.
Ah, thanks lady! Good luck with our Beatle's Magical Mystery Tour meets Hot Topic wedding invite!
cool idea for shirt! but gotta draw ryno as a peanut guy cuz thats about how much respect #Cubs gave him in coaching search!
Impressed kindle iPhone knew the page of the book I was on on the kindle.
Snowing in new York? In April? Caarraazzy!
So idk which person tweeted "F.I.S.H (Fuck it shit happens) yesterday but I've been saying it nonstop and its annoying lol
Trying to sell this damn prom dress.
Weird and crazy. RT Number of players, all time, officially in MLB: 17,185. Batters faced by Jamie Moyer: 17,179.
Listening now with - It was great talking today and we love your new blog turnitupto10.com - check it out!
Tampa. Maybe NYJ. PHI has some crazy weaknesses no one talks about plus some new parts.
When the light goes out it's a question of who washed.
Waiting in line to see #hungergames. Way crazier than I expected.
#IfICouldWishForAnything to sit down and have a conversation with I could listen for hrs to him speak, so motivating <3
I feel like such a loser getting into Grind Wit Me. Having my own concert.
lets get dinner tonight.
Aw shucks.
/ so happy to hear that your little boy is better!all our prayers are sent your way God Bless
Girl, today's teacher is clueless. I'm so bored. This is Word 101 and I could teach this class myself.
Will do. Musical collaborations are what is all about!
aw ;) thanks!
you should check out our iPad typing trainer. It definitely flattens that learning curve.
is a lucky guy to have their Mahomies <33 I Love U
I don't know about the rest of the world but I came to terms with my life goals, got a tattoo, joined a cinema fraternity...
says multiple witnesses back Zimmerman's story. I call BS on her poetic license. Only one witness backs zim, who else? biased!
Big things our on the way..
Thanks so much!!
just donated to Have u? great music, community focused and they play local artists. :)
thank you! we should have combined our birthdays this year and organized a festival.
Shout out to for being ROY
The promoted tweets are working
nothing like getting to santa fe only to remember you left your computer in albuquerque!!!! its gonna be a long night.
I'm Late for work cos I laid in bed reading tweets
...to bridge the gap of my two passions. I hope you all continue to support my musical endeavors, thank you.
I made that beat in ten minutes. lol killin shit without even tryin
LOL girls now days, ignore her :)
OH MY GOD AH I FORGOT AGAIN
Find a 3D printer outfit. I'm assuming that they are working on the prototype/demo and not the finished product.
some days i be feeling you . other days , i don't give a fuck about you . . .
my favorite RHCP song is Hard To Concentrate, I just love it
My dog and my neighbors girl boxer had a lil moment together awww
Wow! Twitter Over Capacity?
I can honestly only think about May 28 right now !! That's all I care about ! I miss my best friend !(:
you say you want a ReVoLuTiOn
gotta hear that Jamez Anthony
I know it's been too long. And I think I'm gonna wear my glow in the dark shoes and we have to find Nomi
Dear , You're welcome. Come back soon! Love,
My following to follower ratio is bringing me down a little today.
Some of the craziest dreams I tell ya
yes! Or a selected passage that is clearly a "teaching passage" or obviously central in some way
This evening in 1955, Rosa Parks was arrested for not giving up her seat on the bus because her skin was the wrong color. Thank you Rosa.
In the SAG board room, & just saw a wonderful film about Native American Actors. They are underrepresented & there are many great actors.
stop reminding me it's not the 90s. i'm going to make a zine and feel better about everything right now.
Yay finally on my way home from school! Whats going on tonight?? <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
{People who pursue excellence also prepare for total failure.}
When me & Dylan are on the phone, all I hear is his music.
I don't really like cut flowers, though, to begin with... idea of giving someone you like a dead / dying thing is strange to me
Watchin the darkest hour
nope. Not at all. Just empty of commuters.
congrats on the funding. Now you can finally afford to hire me ;-)
What's good!? What is everyone doing tonight?
nothingg worse than an intense itch on bottom of ur foot with tall boots on. Do you try to reach ur arm down there?Or just rip off the boot?
Jetlagging after #fbf11 and have decided to link Twitter and Facebook accounts. Thanks for your patience, friends.
Can you contact ? We'll take a look right away. Thanks!
I'm constantly amazed at how intertwined my #pln is. People from two different contexts can know each other, but not through me. Wacky.
Where they claim a photo violates copyright law and order you to remove it or they will sue you and your webhost.
Tonight HEAT game 3 watch party in the Sunset Lounge! Girls i got you covered with dinner rsvp now 3053057645
"My mom got them from using some foreign guys toothbrush." New Icarly
aww sad :/ they'll come back. They're missing an awesome player.. can't blame em lol
whats a good conversion rate for a consumer internet site like yogatailor.com?
Been in Australia less than 10 hours and I've already done a skywalk over top of a rainforest. Heading into Sydney tonight!
Yay, Coyote Ugly's on!
It is too early
so just realized tonights the series finale of #OneTreeHill ... #depressed? i think so.. :(
thanks a lot for that Dirty Bieber Secrets tweet!! Now I won't be able to sleep... Really disgusting stuff...
phuong, Chazz here (mike's friend) - I want to play u in tennis 1 day.
Lakers were 1-2 against OKC. The one game they won was where Metta was ejected for the elbow and they won in 2OT
next time your in my area we'll take a stroll man
Ugh. Why am I up so early? D:
Where should I go eat? =)
if up to , more of a beer pinball game.
last year > this year
yup that's the one.
Origin, Cattle decap, decrepit birth, and Aborted Tonight!!! I get to see your doppleganger live tonight!!
Think Ron Paul is voting for #Romney? Not a chance. Neither should you. Start touting #Libertarian Gary Johnson. #RonPaul would if he could!
O.o forrealtho
glad the truth comes out cuz I don't need you either!
Thanks for the follow, Bill.
Gym coffee beach book. YES massive win
I'm finally finally finally reading Opening Up by If you've ever been interested in open relationships, READ IT!
Overused fonts: Bleeding Cowboy, and Birth of a Hero
Thanks again for all your support!
<<<<< FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW NOW !!!!
Baby make that ass clap **clap *clap**
ikr! Kinda scary<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Gotta make a music video for Broadcast Production Ah! Should I do the song Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen or Who I am by Nick Jonas?
just send me a message in DM
Thank you.
Star Trek: great performances, awful script.
Why yo fingers all up in my Kool aid
So we moved the store around and now we are filling it up with even more goodies for you! Come see the new lay out!
Had the very best day today, Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!
I was afraid it was just me. CAPTCHA can be so irritating.
I want some. Hook me up.
Had a Super Pretzel with mustard at 8:30 in the morning, accompanied by coffee. It's just one of those days.
Happy birthday to Dave Gahan of who turns 50 today!
I absolutely love you .. <\3 Can You Call Me .. Like, Now .. Please, please, please, Please .. <\3
Good morning all. Summerfest is today! Come and bring the kids. Lots of fun and shopping. And of course henna tattoos at Bath & Body Bistro.
And also to you.
#NP 's Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded
Follow me, and if there is anything I can to do support your efforts over here in Seattle? Buckly's is our Pack bar!
I guess it's not very convenient for those without a car. Maybe theaters should invest in lockers?
Oh frustrating! Just left you a vmail about Museum Month coming up. Safe (and speedier, I hope) travels!
She's a beauty! And thanks for the congrats. :)
While Twitter is known for promotion to reach a people beyond your friends, Facebook simplifies life with its applications, and connections.
I laughed so hard...I almost burnt my mouse. #FromVG RT If a horse is really hungry is it going to eat itself?
#ndpl "develop an adopt ENABLiNG policies & practices" 4 digitization support. :-) emp mine
Thanks Paul! Unfortunately, I'm not at #confab12 this year. But following the stream for great info! Thanks for connecting :)
sure thing and thanks I have 14 I love ink!!!???
are you hyped for Teen Wolf season 2?
Wiley X for shooting eye protection.
im great love! Thanks for asking! Wish I could go back to sleep lol
Tonight from 5pm-8pm: $2 Drafts, Stella, Spotted Cow, Fat Tire, Riverwest Stein, Blue Moon,Newcastle and FREE Buffalo Wings!!!
Lyubov & Vladimir Fedun....Happy Second Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sacramento Franchisee! We value our partnership!
Lots of people say "sure, I'll read it" then sit on it forever...
wen im talkin to sombody i dont want the moment to be awkward.....:/
"All, too, will bear in mind this sacred principle, that though the will of the majority is in all cases to prevail ...
Hanging out.
interviews her parents. Find out why tonight at 11!
He'd steal a dead fly from a blind spider.
Anytime, yo. You can drive!
Our studio was def shaking
That's why I first looked it up!
Come out and watch the midnight premier of ##TheAvengers tonight!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Great being connected. If you follow me then we can connect more easily.
I had actually had a women's ministry leader say that teaching the women about their purpose was not in line with their mission!
EnviroLink is launching their #Facebook and Twitter! Check out our website for a full list of services: www.envirolinkcompanies.com
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
sure, followed (:
you ask this yet you are friends with !?
hell naw, I guess they don't , I'm glad I got TOYS lol
Some products labeled '#green' aren't safe - look for #green #certification labels.
I would go to 's concert...but I'm in it...so...
he's not your future husband soo stfu!! He's miner <3
Whipping up some creamy strawberry cream cheese frosting and about to frost cupcakes.
whadd it do
It's possible. :)
+1 RT Just submitted a research article to solely because it's #openaccess; feeling the tides change
Presenting f2f conf Jun 12-15 in Boston. Conflicts w/ #iED is there free conference option? #VWBPE best community seen so far
haven't heard that #planetmoney yet. I love it when they report on #utah weirdness!
lol cool. U miss me yet.?
"It's perfect. I am weeping." <----- [actual client feedback]
This nigga blake griffin only got one move...that weak ass spin move...lol
and a seat for you too!
Of course that's what you're excited for!
Congrats! #amahighered rocks
you missed it, we got free donuts! And banas
: so happy for you guys! Can't wait to meet Maeve! Love you!
I Miss Talking To /:
but so worth it!
IMHO, hypertext and new media.
I won't tell anyone you are an Air Marshall.
pls also keep in mind I'm a Master Sommelier. I could make sure some mad wine shows up if you let me know when you will return
I love the life God has given me! Ready for this next chapter :-)
the spider tune? Adore it! My mom wouldn't spring for the 45, so that one's had a whole second life since I grabbed it on napster
#teamblack is going all the way!
My aunt thought that that picture of me is so pretty, she printed it out & framed it. Lol
inside boob “: Side boob is okay, but what really gets me is off is mammogram boob.”
Don't worry! You are so close!!
The day I stop being fan girl is the day I'll stop working in the Country music business. I never want to take anything for granted
Someone bring me a warm blanket and something to make this cough go away
me too. hence the tweeting :p
I'll bet my guys can't wait to see me.......because they haven't eaten since this morning! Lol! I am a realist!
Watching Crazy Stupid Love with my 3 BFFS!!
I have to say that the Brewers are looking great so far. Pitching impressive, everybody hitting well. Very hopeful!
“: lol watching storage wars!!!” Yup!!! New one starts in 90 minutes.
Biology exam was easier than i thought! Now i wanna go home.
Ugh like I said...I better get it
shit same here laying down bord out
How are you liking UF?
Oops worst parking job in the history of ever. Don't even care.
Happy Birthday mam.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING TONIGHT? :D
best day ever C:
Thinking about deleting twitter
Cook with your mate. It exercising the “teamwork muscle.”
Worst idea ever. Nothing sharp belongs in my pants. RT Nothing scares a chick more than tying a staple remover to your dick
thanks bro!
amazing! I got to meet David Solano after the show, but I got home really late.
All that being said, twitter is making me laugh today, so that helps!!!
Hello Taye Diggs look-alike at the gym.
Just sitting here wondering who would win in a fight? Chewbacca, or Bigfoot? No crossbows allowed.
Vote for KayLynn's Ethanol car. You can vote once every 24 hours. Vote for the design: www.sponsafier.com/share/58256
Ours go to the "buy for a quarter" shelf.
With a right person, even a simple song will turn into a beautiful melody
Were you using fPVARP or bPVARP?
So. Fucking. Sick.
My pleasure.
lol back in the day! I remember those days man
NO HOMO!
IndianapolisGigs (BydIndianapolis) thanks for the follow.
'' okay baby I love you <3
I'm not sure I have that one. Maybe on VHS
Just stopped in the new Willis Music in Kenwood, OH. Our new fav local music shop!
Oh, hey boy. What's good?
So you wanted to be friends again so we can stick to barely talking? LOL okay.
not much, u?
no one told me congrats when al tweeted me o okay..... LMFAO
Yup... Just now leaving work.
Hit me up if u need productions www.streetanthemsproductions.com
I was impressed. So much fun.
I feel tricked
Hard to keep focused on my race with all the WC excitement and Chicago marathon. At least there is no pressure on me.
Exercise and nutrition are important for baby boomer guys. Read my article at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
The fact that it's free is amazing to me. :)
tehehe how are you???
President says this reunion song is worse then if all the GOP Presidential candidates got back together (don't get any ideas)...
i was thinkin 2 for 3, the soccer thing might be a lil difficult so i'll rule that one out
Mowtown is Growtown. Where you grow your mind and spirit.
Glad to hear it Lisa! Would love to hear your thoughts!
Who wants to go to the season opener with me?
I'm sorry to hear this MJ. You 'd be an asset to the film. Hard decisions for sure
seven and a half hour drive .... thought it was closer :-)
Help this Miami girl out and get her to 300 followers !! It would mean alot <3
You sir should be a song writter.
DO NOT TAUNT ME -- "This web session has expired. Please close this browser window and start over."
Had a Quiznos Sub.Italian) Did Some RecOrding,and Wrote some RIFFS!
If you got haters then you know you're doing something right.
Met my new student in the #univmiami mentor program last night Kai Xu Looking forward to great year Miami biz leaders - become mentors
Goodnight sweet prince; and may flights of angels sing thee to thine rest. - W. Shakesphere
#edcampcincy. learning how to do twitter!
inside the Musician's mind. Its a dark place
lol thank you!
I don't think so. I think they just want good effects and to maybe see something they've never seen before.
Q9 #Foodiechats You have a #SweetTooth What healthy option do you choose?A baked apple with cinnamon spice.
iis not real that is a fake picture.
Ah yes, I saw that as well. I think that likely would take issue w/ measures by users to protect privacy. Shame.
Happy Patriots' Day and best of luck to all the competitors in the #BostonMarathon (which passes right by us, so we don't have rehearsal)!
yes they are
they showed it online... And it was pathetically obvious.
I have been well.
You men better stop slutting around in the street with these ho's. Wear a damn condom..I will be wearing condoms too.
Either you run the day or the day runs you. -Jim Rohn
ALEXA ROCKS!!!!!
#10factsaboutme I don't like to brag about anything because it takes all the joy out of succeeding
Who called my name in the hall>>>
RT: : Tune in today to hear and talk with on Foodie and the Beast 1500am
will they be all that they can be or will they be the devil's own...
sry misread that!
Cleanse day 3. Alert and vibrant this morning, felt like hell yesterday afternoon. Drinking carrot + beet juice at the moment.
RT Have YOU spread the Twitter-love! When we reach 3000 followers we will be giving out a $100 Gift Certificate.
. Yes! I think feeding FourSquare checkin-ins to LinkedIn is one of the biggest shibboleths for someone who just doesn't get it.
Must see! Very funny!, Alabama Leprechaun , on You Tube!
of course you're in a secret healing circle right now. Why wouldn't you be?
I love 11:11 it the best it my ringtone
... Follow Jenny McCarthy here! Autism, Vaccines, Recovery.
Merry Christmas to you and yours :)
Even my dog's on twitter now --
That's true so when you see him just breathe in and out and try not to cry lol
Me too!
good luck to Rihannaand Matt Kemp they look happy
we love you and your little cupcake wars!
Your thinking <U+E137>
I wish I had dora's parents they let that bitch go anywhere
I think I'm more frustrated with my not liking it than you guys might be. I don't like not liking it.
The share of people with health insurance from their employers dropped from 59.8 percent in 2007 to 55.3 percent in 2010.
Hella pulled a muscle on my back :(
It was a butterfly wonderland outside this morning. LP too or is it a #southside specialty? Bums & <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>s too
No problem - great blog, feel free to follow me for travel news and blog posts
According to my uncle, BHI is the northernmost edge of the alligator habitat. He said "sometimes little dogs just disappear". o_O
Comic Strip Live's line up coming up throughout the night!!
same exact shit, just love how he says its diff
rock on! Thanks!
welcome dude you guys gonna down thing this weekend?!
that makes sense to me!
“: #Pisces hate dealing with flakey Ppl and need solid and loyal Ppl surrounding their circle.”
Congrats to Marty Brodeur on his 100th career playoff win!!! It made me proud as a long time fan!
Ha! RT A3: Kill the author?
Hello? who's on? RT please
man y'all fools got me hooked
First CUTCOPY show at (in)Terminal 5 sold out already. Second one added. get to it.
Call me maybe ...not
Pickin up some of that Figi water for the studio. Only the best for the artists that come thru here
Thanks for the follow! Go Falcs!
you 2 beter suck it up and be there for th team or I'm disappointed in you
Neighbors: Kelly Krause
So many good Catholics fighting for social justice in the world. Sadly, the church's outdated stances on women and gay rights ring louder.
Tweeting while drinking heavily is encouraged.
Even if I asked; you still wouldn't want me.
I have a feeling Bill Clinton was rooting for Bubba Watson.
Corn (Mamas & the) Pops
Mother love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible. ~Marion C. Garretty
Yinz guys came dahn here to lawrenceville and put on a epic show. Safe travels and see you again soon : YINZ YES
I been smoking for 6 years. It doesn't really get deep, but it changes. People tell my my voice is sexy, so I aint trippin.
The weekend is here already?! Life is great!
First of its Kind &quot;Menopause Map&quot; Helps Women Navigate Treatment
Happy Birthday to me!
Sent you a gift.
LOL comment I saw: The Brewers tired to protect Hoffman by never having the lead in the 9th inning, but they could only do that for so long.
Watching movies with family
Where are the semantic police when Wingnuts cry about their imagined #waronchristmas ?
<U+261E> Tip: Show up EARLY at the (Sundays @ 5th/Waller 11a-3p). We'll definitely sell out of our new donut flavor FAST mañana!
#TeamDragic #SpinMove RT : Pick n roll defense is pathetic
#sopapilla #mexican dessert # sopapilla cheesecake #delicious dessert recipes # dessert recipes #cinnamon #sugar #favorite dessert
New buds!
I Hope You Give Your all BlackShadeMafia
don't leave fruit so tasty hanging that low around me. I'll gobble those low-hangers up every time.
Today watch me improvise w/ at the Neon Venus Theatre in Hollywood 8-10pm $7 tix!
took half of my ECA today. :|
Ay stop tweet watchin....so i know its real...lol
#3WordsForYou I. Love. Food.
Friday, maybe? I end June 8th but have regents and finals until the 21st :/ you?
It is the most gorgeous day ever in DC. Love this town!
Follow the and I'll buy you a beer.
& you're such a dummy .
A tear is made of 1% of Water 99% of feelings <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Sweet, sweet freedom
RT : #Beautytip Copper is the color of the summer!
Hope all of you had a great day today, I promise more great things on the way in the new year!! Have a great night all!!
Fuck a Xbox. I need a ps3
If i LICK it imma TAP it
No matter what anyone says about you, keep going. You can't give in. You can't let them win.
Don't miss our Warehouse Sale @ our NW22nd Garden Room: Wed-Fri, 10-7 daily. Up to 50% off Home Décor, Ceramics, Candles, Holiday & Linens!
Bring it on, Jersey!
Fresh fruit and sunshine on my patio make me happy.
Pulled over :P
I am the teacher and the student. I have something to learn from all of you.
Time for a beer without the food. I'm beating it up the street to Dirty Franks. Jerry or Paul or anyone else in Philly, see you at 8.
So excited about this posting! Thanks for tweeting this!
Forecast for today... Artisan single source locally roasted coffee and service with a smile!
#RichardBangs is back. Tonight - the Pearl River Delta of South China. At 9PM on MPTV 36.
well you get to hangout with me obviously, what more could you ask for :)
Wow RT : Green Bay Packers have released S Nick Collins. The transaction was announced Wednesday by Ted Thompson.
I feel so giddy because you are following me. I LOVE Sideways! I feel like the 24 year old girl version of Miles.
This Bulls - Sixers game has a college atmosphere to it
"MOM AND POP AREN'T EVEN A MOM AND POP?!"
GOODNIGHT world!!!^___^
What is this?
Congratulations Caroline! That's awesome!
Nobody hit u up till they need or want something these days but they're supposed to be your friend...
When your bestfriend talks about leaving.. <<<<
thanks, dewd! not many guys can say they have award-winning wives. ;) prettay prettay prettay good
how's it going big#98? You stoked to be switching to 3-4 and hybrid olb? Ger back at me!
lucky for the people who find them, Ron English will sign the boxes.
Rainy Monday, good way to start the week. <U+2614><U+2601><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
i need a real axx niggax
I bet #oomf , miss their " old " friends .. . LOL
RT : Ask for diet swan's blood & half-caffeinated bacon & you shall receive, thanks to & // Aim to please
no. You cooked your fridge. I know you did.
Let's go half on a babygirl..
time to get some pie on a stick with
It's amazing how people will feed you bull to get what they want
oh ahah i would but i think it'll be quicker through the mall xD i am getting a bracelet that james has off amazon though!(:
I Am! Why else would I be taking care of the man? Lol
This is at least a jumping-off point for a larger poverty discussion. RT Op-ed: "Flood the Zone" with poverty services?
RT : “People of accomplishment rarely sit back and let things happen to them. Instead, they go out and happen to things.”...
White drug-free ghost. Laughing so hard.
Y'all: Bun B basically just agreed to be on my dissertation committee.
I feel that we're (OK: I'm) looking ahead too often, and looking around enough. Then I read your piece. Thus my enthusiasm.
Students join us for a resume workshop on Monday, October 17 @ 1PM
Funny how you told me you missed me, yet you haven't done shit about it.
I might have to take u. Their wings are so good.
is already playing now (vzo-ix)
I think yes
Social networking just adds to my anger. Too bad I'm too chicken to delete it.
when you coming to Sacramento, CA!! i really wanna meet you! iloveyou so much<33. YOUR AMAZING
Lovin the voice and no doubt you are talented keep up the great work
follow me tho .
when are you coming to florida??? Peace,love,vanity<3
Football coaches did you know Bite the Ball Wrap Em Up Head Across & Screws to the Numbers all leads to brain injuries? U do now
aw! I'm with 2 year olds as we speak! They're napping
Peyton Manning is not a Colt anymore! There goes that franchise but respect to No.18!
thanks for the favorite
I Have Such A Low Tolerance When It Comes To Putting Up With Some Niqqas Shit...
RT : Remember ? of causality in #fooddeserts: people eat fast food b/c it's in neighborhood, or is it driven by demand?
thank you pumpkin! We're so celebrating this weekend! :)
Planning a Dance showcase. Ideas just keep flowing
Woo! First one to post! At least you have one friend on here now! Lol
Lmao I haven't even used it yet. BTW, I needa get my passport!!!
Golfing with Today!
those little dudes had a ton of energy. Quite the change of pace from the mumbling, shuffling derelicts I normally hang with.
Finally back home for a while, put on a little XTC on the Turntable followed up by some APPLES IN STEREO, I think I've had my sugar fix.
*SHOOTING* Box 23-10 N Eutaw St & W Saratoga St, Downtown; One person shot, medics & fire engine treating.
watching the nfl draft with as he sulks about the broncos not picking in the first round.
"It's funny how people choose their life decisions."
this day is just creeping by
Same here. I am seriously melting from the brain down.
- we should connect then!
in our rush to enjoy Christmas (holidays), we forget to celebrate Thanksgiving! Slow down folks, we'll get there.
nice catch.
the rainbow!!!
Ok this new iPad thing is driving me nuts....LoL
yea it is lol
A lot of tweeps getting hacked I keep getting the nasty comment tweet
I wanna hang out with Rob Dyrdek for a day
Yoga is the practice of quieting the mind. ~Patanjali
Finally cleaned up the TIV Twitter. Now back to the mission. To all TIV followers, thank you! TIV will be following you back very soon :)
I keep getting asked to write a sequel to my novel The Buzz. Secretly this scares me... Would you write a sequel?
I'm so proud of you.
Just breathe! It's Nat'l #Stress Awareness Day. Do something nice for yourself today :)!
I DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING POOPOO.
Thanks for the follow, Priscilla!
the real me picture
do follow work of
Chuck Miller mentioning the initial process for the World Global Flora at GPI 5th Annual Meeting
True true
#idol - Joshua safe and Hollie bottom 3, is this the freakin' Twilight Zone? What kinda of crazy voting was that?
True: I did my homework on the toilet and my father used it for toilet paper.
happy late birthday :)
Congrats Eddie! That trophy is bigger than you!
nothing much just looking for followers for
that's hysterical :) hmm. Now we both must wonder where its being filmed. Haha lets both go stalk some more lol
yes I pee but not on my pants lol ' yes close your eyes & idk what to tell you just imagine something '
Thank you!!
live section of that record still one of my favs
Why is it ethical for secret services men to "resign" when accused of a sex scandal. Military ppl have to take a dishonorable discharge!!
Happy birthday (:
franchise tag must be 10m at least no?
Tonight we are playing At Innisfree in Tuscaloosa!! 10pm! Come Out!
4 centimeters dilated. and still no labor.
Awesome mtg with the team! Going to enjoy develpn an event for
naked yoga.
awesome! we'll have fun & it's near a metro.
Great "Perspective" today on Which program were you doing for the food delivery on thanksgiving in the TL?
I think next time I have the chance, I'm gonna order an Evolve show. Hell, I might order the two from this weekend. They sounded great.
Up-Up-Down-Down-Left-Right-Left-Right-B-A-Select-Start just doesn't solve life's problems the way it used to
hahaha I'm trying to listen while doing my homework AND watching perfect boys on my screen haha! Last night i entered 200+ times!
You must KEEP UP with the Assignment on your life!
Whenever I try to sleep at home, I always end up waking up and can't fall back to sleep.
Don't feel bad because U have left so many behind. They could have been with U, but got left in the lobby while U headed to the Penthouse.
What are your wknd plans, #Newark?!
thanks Chelsea!
The #anhkc fun begins at noon Wednesday with an AIGA KC discussion on the progression of American pop culture though art, design & iconology
Be still my heart!! Jessica Chastain looking deeevine in #Mcqueen!! One of my favs so far!!
bless your heart Adam, go inside the gym, everyone who said they were coming bailed when I confirmed :(( sorry!! Thurs is on!!
Everyday I am thankful that we are one day closer to the start of the season!!!
Haha! Good answer. Sorry Facebook!
Many sigs still out there in Dane Co. Collected 17 with a great group in the rain, snow, and cold yesterday.
Game time, let's get another Bucks win tonight to warm up for a Packer win tomorrow!
Polo Everything www.whoistrillogy.com
The little girl playing the young Snow White looks and sounds exactly like ! Awesome job!
And the instructor finally arrives! Starting one hour late, FTW!
Checking out Decko keith's Profile
We're excited for this year's 1st Taste of #RedMarlin where guests get a sneak peek of Chef Danny's newest creations!
I don't sing tonight babe! :)
If anyone saw the tweets, I appologize
Hi there! We're brand spanking new. Just nearing the end of our public beta phase now, in fact.
are you two timing me, with my girlfriend, gabby?
"Among the many tragedies... youths aren't allowed books in cells" -- key #edtech q: what should ppl know?
i suffocate wen ur away from.....so much love you take from me.....im goin outta my mind....<3
Oh wow. That's what some people are thinking.
I miss you too!!! So much!
is excited about becoming a bonified student group this fall! shoutout to
Whenever you get ungrounded were having a Subway date. I've been craving it for like 2 weeks. (:
Our pleasure! Love some of the design elements in Can't wait to visit again! Keep up the great work!
Let Us Know If You Would Like To See "Live In San Francisco" w/ "OAP Louie Marxx" Live from Level I in SF; Let Us Know
"What was Zorro's name? Antony Bandera? I like him, he has grey hair now."
yellow car sodality
Going over the numbers for The Matrix's play for Sunday. This play will be an EASY winner!
thnx again. Really appreciate it!
thank you for following I look forward to learning more about ARA.
Glad I got that history Powerpoint overwith today.
I like to be in control so I take possession of my future
Please god <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> let this migraine & sore throat GO AWAY!!!
When does football start up again?
Maria Shiver presents Distinguished Women in Arts award to photographer Annie Leibovitz May 1,
Wats up for tonight ?
i know not often
when i get to work im eating so much ice cream.
you gonna be at the show today would like to stop and say hello.
Uh oh, its almost Midnight.... Then we become Naughty Like This...M
Cuddyer - a dome Triple !!
That moment when you found the *perfect* Father's Day card and cleverly go to fill it out so you'll be ahead of the game and you MESS UP.
Go Ann! RT : I attended my first zumba class tonight and actually enjoyed it! Hopefully the habit sticks!
bout to stratin my hair again then start driving to virgina to see my big bro off to college!!!!!!!!
Is nothing happening before 3PM tomorrow?
Almost game time. Stop by Metro Diner to get $.50 chicken wings for the
just think how comfy you'll be tonight when there done! :-)
hey!!! i'm here, i'm real, can you see me?
On my way home to my whota
Our vision is to create 1 million jobs thru entrepreneurship education. We have training programs for current & aspiring entres
-then risk management & insurance, then graduating with communication studies/mass media & a side of journalism LOL
Barry Bonds dreams of becoming a hitting coach someday....I thought he might be better suited to be a pharmacist
Webster hall Studio tonight! 8pm!
time will tell
#Shack RT : Shack and Charles are hilarious!
nope, sorry, Knicks played a great game!
If you took the best qualities of the Republican candidates and combined them in one President I would flee to Canada. via
Already up for hours. Hailey Anne ate a little this morning. Back to sleep now. She may have over done it yesterday.
Order your Barack Obama body oil now!!!! One ounce - on sale for $15. Holla! joyce_hudson@ yahoo.com
we're so glad it worked out! Happy birthday!
But, we got many useful information about how to advertise TFT on campus. So, it is a great start! (0v0)/
I forgot to thank you fod your rt yesterday! thanks for the rt today i appreciate it
Mercii the Moose RT : Lily the leopard and Jackie the jaguar. #WildBitches #WifeUsUp <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I LOVE YOU TOO :D <3
& our scars remind us that the past is real, I tear my heart open just to feel.
Me and my baby should run away<3
YEP. RT : Maybe we could bring Brad Radke back. I mean, it couldn't be any worse, and it could be AWESOME, right?
Aw! :) #amen RT I'm looking at a bright horizon and I'm thinking finally! :)
WHY isn't the WHAP website working?!
so great to meet you in person!! Thanks for coming out!!
rather unfortunate
Today's your last chance at soldout Flo+TheMachine tix! has them this hour! Listen to win!
I love architecture&telling the story. Detroit's overdone, I can't say I wouldn't like to see it. Prefer the lesser knowns
Hey brand of lighting equipment did you rent? Better yet, whats yr fave brand?
Attending a kids birthday this weekend? Swing by Sydney b. our knowledgeable staff will help you find the perfect gift!
Come into the light, Muffet!
HFC Summer Pre-College Program.Students will take 2 weeks of classes at George Washington University and dorm in GWU
Headed home from a fun day at Patterson Farm! We recommend it!
Saw a professional environment today... #futboleminhavida !!!
Ik!! lol it sucks! But how have you been girl??
After three hours of sleep, a final, nine hours at work, and numerous hours studying my body is shutting down
We won a Best of Austin Award! Best grassroots org, 2011. Thanks for voting for us! And thanks to the Austin Chronicle, too!
I'm glad No=Yes, flip-flip=clarify, and journalism=union-shilling for VoSD. Don't let Wayne use you like this...
Yup Yup! & We just gotta hit each other up thats all because today was too funny
Gonna be at tonight ;)
wait is it seriously Mona?????
Thanks! It was great working with you too!
Let's see yours Megan! RT : Glad I'm on #TeamYPs...wouldn't want to go up against that game face!
CSM headline asks "With all this natural gas, will we still need oil?" Stupid question. Should be, will we still need coal?
hahaha nice slogan drop!
Saturday morning = coffee and RDF.
hi :3 I feel like this is David... If it is... I like you. Lol
Fuck math man <U+E108>
All food in nugget form is intrinsically better than its counterparts.
you like en animal,I wanna feel you from the inside de la cancion closer
Denis Leary's going to ruin The Amazing Spider-Man for me. I keep waiting for him to be like, "A f#ckin' spider, pal? Yer kiddin' me!"
haha thought it was going to be a dead body.=)
Join us tomorrow for our last Friday party before another team takes over! Boom!
yep, he's done.
Kinda sad to watch the House debate right now. They know most people are watching the Senate, right?
he has a better face for pictures than I do. He's also smarter than me. I provide the humor.
#avengers was epic! Kudos for reinventing Nick Fury.l!
RED CARD QPR, JOEY BARTON, AND ALL HELL HAS BROKEN LOOSE...
The hunt is 10 mins away! Who is having dinner tonight?? The answer will be found on ready!!
RT Come see Parade! A Tony Award-winning musical at the Culbreth Theater dir. by Robert Chapel October 6-8, 12-15 at 8pm!
yea i guess im gonna have to make sure he shows up he keep flakin he gonna get time 4 nothin
thanks for the love!
Very gratifying. Good work, mama.
wow that some stupid sh...
Haha so that's what that little comment was for yesterday. PS haven't forgiven you for becoming a pet parent with Greg...
Thank you to all who came out to support tonight at Webster Hall
Apple rumored to be in talks to acquire German HDTV maker Loewe (Daniel Eran Dilger/AppleInsider)
Why do people that claim to hate licorice keep drinking my expensive gifted absinthe? You don't even like it!
Who are you listening to these days? I need to recharge my creative mojo.
Uh oh is bored. Save yourselves!!!!! *runs and hides under bed*
You know all requests of such a nature must go through
#Wake&Bake...........is my 4000th tweet lol
I've come to the conclusion that all girls are insane, except for of course.
wtf was that man doing at the softball games to make them call the cops on him...
Wtf?! Im getting hungry but i must not eat.
When you put it on, it is NOT an invitation.
RT : All I want is someone who will stay, no matter how hard it is to be with me..
"Worried bout ya followers, ya need to getcha dollaz up"
Are we not living in as great a time of change for publishing as in Gutenberg's day?
Alistair Darkwater will be attending the BLAQ Market this evening in Salem Ma. at the Bangkok Restaurant
I get the @ sign, but I don't know how to use hash tags or why. It's the little pound sign, right? Why? What does it mean?
answer your phone i gotta for real question
2011-2012 TN VSBA, Primary Division winner: Tarra and Bella: The Elephant and Dog Who Became Best Friends by Carol Buckley (2/4)
damn g. Let me know if you need some aid and assistance
Great to see the Senators being questioned on charter schools on Senate floor saying they support charters!
2K12: the year my sixty-three yr old dad got braces, became a drunkorexic, and stopped answering my phone calls.
There are #publicity opportunities in everything you do, even looking for someone to hire. Isn't that how "The Apprentice" began?
Gootiethon sequence has begun.
I-5 SB is extra slow out of North Portland this afternoon down to I-84;t slows again from downtown and is slow to stop and go to Wilsonville
Re-reading the same paragraph in a book over and over and Over again because ur brain is filled with too many thoughts about other things
home used to give me quick access to continue watching a movie-in-progress. Now I get a BIG ad for their programming. Not cool.
It was a dark and stormy day. BIG storm rolling into
Cardinals playing defense like the Brewers in the last few games of the NLCS.
In true love the smallest distance is too great, and the greatest distance can be bridged.
Don't #makeapromise you can't keep or come close to.
Help them & Vote 4 for Sac's Best Neighborhood Bar on KCRA's A-List. They would love 2 win 2 yrs in a row! Great people & Pub!
cunt eating is not vegan, nor is it PETA approved
Thanks we really like it too!
It could be incitement to anger
Adventures in Minneapolis! Boing back to Roanoke tomorrow.
waiting at barbershop in the middle of nowhere...silver spring is an odd town
Did you kick everyone out and make it to the zombiecrawl?
Listening to wishing i was at the concert with
you got an iphony now?...come on 't you tell her the new ones will be out in weeks..iphony 5
such an inspiring quotes RT : A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life. Charles...
Hit up for the sickest Customized Nike Elite socks !!
Nothing is more responsible for the good old days than a bad memory
Just woke up on my bus o.o
Thanks- it went fine, and suddenly two guitarists want me to write pieces for them.
Grammar.. The difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit
Jealous! Enjoy... “: But now business done and time for week of Napa food,wine,cycling,walking and did I mention wine?
So excited to do such hilarious physical comedy!
See, that's the thing. You need to be happy, well-adjusted, and mature. And not looking.
nice to see after he whiffed on that block on the last drive.
I can't wait to hear this story.
That negative SEO article makes my brain hurt.
I can't believe Fast Five was top at the box office. Paul Walker and Vin Deisel are the worst. How their movies are successful is beyond me.
I'm not skating but how's work
It's weird when someone younger than me tries to flirt with me.. Makes me feel like a cougar. :o Ew.
ah! Good call but now i need to help graduate. I want to go next weekend but my cousin is getting married :(
Thanks for following!
damnit! I love raging out to NIN :)
Oh...Oh NO. Is all other coffee ruined for me now that I've been drinking nothing but #Stumptown for 1.5 years??
GREAT margaritas too Dave!
I have been for about a year.
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge: but fools despise wisdom and instruction. Prov. 1:7
Three Minutes.
Your ultimate goal in social media marketing is to become a social business.
I mean wtf...
I can easily see a session on "What if?"
I'm onto the Glass thing. It's another distraction from the masters of distraction scientists. Knowledge Navigation? Really?
Ha... "Unable to self DM." Why do I get that warning all the time. Duh. Don't reply to self.
haha you would say something like that :P
today i did unnatural things with CSS that are illegal in 28 states.
This #saturdaylibrarian is a
RT #China: 'Super Girl' music tv-show suspended by government censors - freemuse.org/sw44223.asp
Falling asleep to the sound of rain and Erik Satie, reading Murakami. Life's all right.
Anyone looking for some office furniture? We have several desk/hutch combos and ten leather conference chairs for sale - Jacksonville, FL
holy fucking hell
Kinda liked the opening.
Decided to watch everything YouTube had on Jessie J.
Ima PaperChaser ! U a Liddo Hater ! Im Gettin My cake Up Im Hittin The Stage Up Evrywhere i Go Cus Ima 5ft Girl That Can Take on The World !
If you keep trying to fix broken relationships, you won't be able to form new ones- where people will treat you better.
move there!
New Live Life Reckless Shirts And Hats Will Be Dropping Real Soon
Hard-core results come from igniting the massive power of emotional commitment. Are your people committed?
LMFAO my mom >
hey Niece
CarGo sits out with strep throat
Drawing and such.
that's why they pay you the big bucks
that sucks. Just wild kids on their way to see grandma on mine.
NICE!!! I R-ed the R this weekend too!
Best of Luck!
Wonder what all the drivers not named Blaney are gonna think about this if they can't get this restarted gonna be some pissed drivers
dez where i live
I can swap that T out before noon today if you want.
Happy Martin Luther King Day! One week until the boys are back to class...
Van gogh at the IMAX
I'm just trynna be legendary.
#IHateThatFeeling when you start drifting from close friends and then when u try to talk to them it's extremely awkward
Dear Kentucky and Ohio, please clear I-71/75 of all traffic tonight. I'm coming your way! Your faithful traveler ~ michael
marshmallow fluff. As much as you want.
#Actors - Remember to know your type! Ethnic, Occupational, Personality and a Famous Actor you're similar to helps to focus your marketing!
very boring day ! but omg i know ! i was so happy <3
Let The Lies Fly N Let The Truth Buy
must VETO health care exchanges by 5/10! Tell him to STOP #ObamaCare in NJ! Retweet if you agree!
Jeydon, Please Follow Me I'm Freaking Begging You Please Follow Me!.... i love you <3 (:
Why do X-Factor commercials keep playing during Reds games? I wonder if some executive somewhere thinks the 2 audiences over lap??
She sucks at math (:
If you're happy and you know it thank Yahweh!,
just joined up at the YMCA homie, its BULK season!
Lol, no frosting for my cake in the future :) LOL
Applying for a position with the UCLA library to help archive some documents by Los Angeles-based music critics and composers
such a great time with at #riverrink grand opening!!
Dining, Movies, Bowling, Grocercies, Dry Cleaning, House Cleaning, Shopping...Where? @ Bayshore Place Apts. Call 414.231.8810 for a tour!
Lol that is the worst song ever!
Bard To Hide? Lmao xD *Hard To Hide 8DDD.
“: #scaredtweet when you hear something in the house and turn every single light on lol” JUST HAPPENED TO ME! lmao
Do they have lunch? Might have to do a Foodies thing there.
I know it's 900 degrees today, but when are we getting our soup on?
Spain. There and back again. Was wonderful! Didn't want to come home!
The best time of the day is the sunset evening. Especially in the city on a warm night. I love that feeling.
A fanatic is a nut who has something to believe in.
ARE YOU READY FOR SOME BASEBALL?!?!?!!?!
those are quite sexy! I really like!
There's something seriously wrong with the bird outside my window. SHUT UP BIRD!
from bellingham. Look it up. Killing it so hard right now.
what city u in thickems
Hello liberated, how are you?
“: When you stop paying attention to someone, that's when they start noticing you.”
hey what's up!?
Thanks for taking the backs off of the benches @ Clark/division. Now I can wait 20m for a train w/room AND be uncomfortable too.
The only reason for me being on Twitter is to bring a smile to bearded face and the less bearded faces of his fans.
“ “ Someone actually appreciating you>>””
Interesting: My business covers BUSINESS SOFTWARE and the #4 referrer of traffic today 2 was Pinterest--not just for fashion :).
Sunday funday. Monday is worthless anyway.
some people really have some nerve
gotta think outside the box as portland isn't great free agent city!!!
Timbers score... Nagby,, next big time player in MLS
A day without you is like a day without sunshine... i admit i miss you sometimes.
Who uses Safari anyways? I'm so stoked about the iPhone OS3 update coming out so soon. I wasn't expecting it until July.
Have they boyz ever ate at Carlo's bakery in NJ? from Ana, Erick, Skye, and Cindy
Mss' im just gunna get off twitter , text me :)
#Milwaukee #WTMJ #WISN #Fox 6 #CBS 58 Transit Plus being investigated by Milwaukee County Transit System 4 the mistreatment of Chester Bande
yeah! 14 days sounds better.
just showed number tour billboard !
Our district is just starting a collection of e-books with Overdrive. Have you talked to them? This is an exciting time!
I avoid reality TV in general, but you couldn't pay me to watch Celebrity Apprentice. At least not anything short of five figures.
Im hoping with Monty coming on board..Gooden wont shoot as much..its dropping for him but not good bb
hey...you didnt follow me
ISO 2 tickets for the Friday screening of Is that something I could buy?
Looking for Film Festivals to submit my movie to....
loving the weather!
"B-days are good for u.Statistics show that the ppl who have the most live the longest." Order u'r next cake at www.happycakewilltravel.com
haha interesting...how is yours??
Let's Go Hawks!
Only for fools
I Was Here ~ Beyonce
here it comes...
haha I would! But Im literally broke. Like, I'm in negative balance right now. Haha
It cost us nothing to Dream, and Everything not to. Much Respect
Thanks for your help today with my leaf query. I got a few really interesting ideas that we're looking into.
You're very welcome! Happy to help anytime. Good luck!
RT : Pujols still has ZERO* HRs on the season!!!!
How have I been at work for 4 hrs already and I still have like 12 more hours of work to go? #needavacation Who's in?
“: Ready to take on Chicago with If you're following our journey and are from Chicago retweet us! #usa30days #chicago”
Right now my # of followers and my # of those I am following is exactly the same. Weird!!
do you knew when teen woif is comeing back on mtv and by the way i am a fan of you and tenn woif
Mitt/friends held Lauber down cut his hair as he cried & screamed for help. Mitt was a young adult @ this time.
Ready for snowy Saturday! I guess I'm still a 10 y/o at heart. I plan on cooking, netflixing, & tea w fellow acupuncturista !
When asked if he was happy to finally be here, #Hansen trainer Mike Maker said no. He's kept attention away by being at nearby trackside.
": sup boi" sup mane
follow me?
stay out of the sun!
- all for dismantling CA state unions... Yeahpers
Of 190 known people who signed the door of Frank Shay's bookshop in Greenwich Village, 1920-25, how many would you guess are from NYC?
I've been thinking about trying to eat an entirely raw diet for a week in May. Any advice on what to try, techniques to avoid?
Well, yeah, I know that now!
I'm so excited about new discoveries! There's nothing like enlightenment! :)
Isabela, Puerto Rico.
On a quest to find the best piña colada in San Juan. Retweet with your favorite spots!
Happy Hump Day, all! Hope ur spitits is as bright as the sunshine! Namaste!
To My AUnt Janet, You Lived a Good, Good life,RIP!If you can see Twitter in Heaven, you were loved, respected and cherished by Many
rocking the contacts todayy ;)
Standard educator answer. I suppose you'd have me read a book or something? :)
but i am
Kevin Durant is gonna kill the Lakers be real with yourself
and leading by 10. Just need attempts
mi amorrrrrrrrr!!! im coming home this summer!! i miss you
My dad thought the Aerosmith song "Dude Looks Like a Lady" was called "Do the Dragon-Lady".
sure, feeling better?
Merry Christmas! Peace & Love to all! For unto us a child is born...the ultimate gift of second chances!
“: Fright Night remake. D+” ( not exactly the highest marks...but better than a D-)
still makin money though
Ditto. they do need an update! I think by not creating an update it's their way of trying to get ppl to buy the app.I refuse!
From: Dynamite Walls To: All humans -- Download 'Sing Out Loud' for free on our facebook band page-!!!!
BraveHeart Awards lofty Beginings 4 good causes has Lame bait N switch ending w/out Biggest recipient Maya Angelou.
I rebuke that. That has to be the devil talking lol RT : Lmao chile....they good but Pizza Hut doe?!? *mouth waters*
Remember SECCA is open tonight, and it's a perfect time to see the Margarita Cabrera exhibition "The Space in Between." Till 8pm. FREE
it was on tv a good majority of the nights last summer.
Happy to have you on this gorgeous Friday in Seattle!
not for years
Talkin' with right now on about the & Friends in the Course for Kids Celebrity Golf Tourney & Concert today
Sounds great! My kids would LOVE these!
haha that was from read him and learn baseball pig farmer :-)
thats on thibs for keeping him in for too long!! just walk it off rose
Heading to Orlando tomorrow for Tony Robbins - Unleash the Power Within Conference. Look out for water guns!
Meet Jerry before I die <3
and thanks again!
EXCELLENT! The president declares support for same-sex marriage, has fully evolved!
god damn bro.
I've already visited my doctor. It's getting better ;) yeeey!
I wish you could see my emoji i had for this!
great idea. Thanks. I am craving them now......and have to wait 2 hours for them to cook.
Its always the dirtiest sexual songs that play on shuffle.
When you wait for a text but you realize you're the one that didn't reply.
Wow! When I first arrived at Country Floors I thought hm I think I need a grenade. But now I realize I am the grenade. C U
just finished a very cool school project.
God help me I love the Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 soundtrack. #NP "What's the Matter Man?" - Rollins Band
Oh yes -- I try to catch shut eye whenever I can!
lol no ...tomorrow I'm running the 800 and 4x4
what do you mean?
Just saw a guy changing his pants in the middle of the street. I love my neighborhood.
Chilling out playing video games.,
i just dont see the point in relationships.
Supposed to be running errands this morning but as usual Im putting them off to the last minute.
Already taken :-)
Hey Matt we've been trying to get in touch with you. You won the first pair of tix for the #NYC show
leaving on a jet plane. Just and up and a down really. Not even time for a movie, just the beer.
GO FOLLOW GOGOG c': it would mean alot
I'm almost done with school year and ill be up there a lot this summer. I had a pretty good record last year
sure sounds like a plan.
oops forgot the smiley face (: *
Not me, I just welcomed them to the team
can I get a picture of this page!? I must see it with my own eyes!
Thanks to all who expressed concern over my last public tweet! <3 you all. I'm not in trouble, just wanted to concisely express annoyance (:
RT : So true: the world is not changed by people who sort of care.
the #LGTurbowash washer/dryer is preeeeety!
Ready for summer lots of work golf and drinking to be done
7 Ways Oracle Puts Database Customers At Risk - Dark Reading
Thanks for that! I have 97 hours left & lots of anxiety about finding the right job.
If this was baseball, Jeff Ireland would lead the league in strikeouts!
Is it just me or does anyone else think that Say Somethin was little bit too autotuned? I like the song but there too much autotune in it
Yea!! What he said!!
none are licensed to return full lyrics for free, unfortunately. :( u can embed a mobile version of the LW page if that helps?
How's her head?
way to defend your boy! Medical issues are serious
is at work and very cold!
thanks for the follow and all the tips
Thank you Jamie! Jamie in Oklahoma City, OK answered someone's call for help!
me and will be there soon!
We really went to sleep on her. ctfuuu
I heard I'm not sure but si
They are the worst.
i should spam yours but i'm too lazy
yeah I know. :/
Cue the flood of 'trees in center field' jokes. RT : Anyone out there have any #green ideas we could use at Target Field?
All of my classes made this week! Jewelry, crochet, quilted tote bag (2 days) and kids scrapbooking. Busy, busy Trish!!!
Just saw a guy riding on the outside of the train. Subway surfing?
R.I.P. Trayvon Martin! RT if you stand for the fight towards justice!
Sugar Shane should be Splenda Shane because he's not the real thing anymore
Sherpa/American marriages are actually fairly common. i know many such couples.
OCLC survey: largest decrease in FTE in public services staffing; down by 23% (and yet the usage/demand keeps rising!)
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Celebrate #PiDay with some of our delicious Pear Cobbler cupcakes! Yum!!
Onetime lobbying powerhouse ponders its future – Politico ...
Back home now from walking the dog; slapdash creativity + brain like a Pachinko machine begins work now...
I couldn't get into the link you sent me. So I guess all's well. Love your work!!
Great talking to you about social and revenue!
Congrats to Aimee Reyzer on being named female athlete of the year at UD!
they should market it as soul food!!! M!
Heading to the #iH3 party tonight? The iTriage man is!!! Come big wheel it up with him!!!
Thanks , working on an update, too, to include 2008 & 2010--will let you know when it is finished!
you can buy it on itunes or @ the pro shop
oh definitely he does.
RT : Starting Monday and going through Christmas, cut out and bring in a paper snowflake and get a free small hot or iced...
I will not lose hope one day you followed me
Congrats and welcome to Dr. Stephen L. Ondra - new CMO at Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Dude my grades spell out BAAAADD hahahhahah!
i bought the the fregrance yesterday and it smells really great good job sweetie
... I can't mess with my hair.. Sad huh?
#Authors, check out !
did you see the headlock chicago put chance in?
Makes me wanna go to another rave for some reason <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
Stomach Flu sucks... yuk.
Maybe we'll see Starling Marte? Who knows.
Seriously, Is Fucking Sexy :)
Moonwalking with Einstein is VERY VERY good - some great discussion around #memory which plays a big part in
Good luck to Justin Jackson, J-Mychal Reese, LJ Rose & Rasheed Sulaimon at the LeBron James Skills Academy!
she does write some creepy stuff.
G though, I do hold off on sex a lot when I have a job, I get so immersed in my responsibilities..
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW AKA LIL MO ... 1 of the DOPEST .. U heard him on songs with @
My patience with people who refuse to walk 10 feet to put up a buggy is wearing thin. Also, I hate Wal-Mart.
hello! We'd love to see you at a future gathering! :)
I'm not sure. I'm supposed to if I want to be successful. So far I have no idea how this works or why. Maybe someday!
went thru M- I - cricket letter -cricket letter I - cricket letter - cricket letter - I - hump back - hump back - I !!
No. Those things are crazy hypnotic.
hanging with Capt Morgans
happy birthday. Don't fall in love in there
true! I'm nonplussed by this.
| 's book is free this weekend only. Get it now! #scriptchat RT...
Don't you have to have a job to get a raise?
love to, all night long!! In need of a protein shot!!!
RT Kobe waiting until the fourth quarter to shoot the Lakers out of the playoffs.
The Fray. National Anthem. BAD CHOICE
How perfectly imperfect we are!
yea and having taken singing lessons for eight years I should know that twirling your hair will impact your sining a great deal
IN THE WORKS! SHOULD I GO LIVE ON STICKAM I GOT THE ILL TEEN WOLF LOOK RIGHT NOW LOL
one move at a time! :P
A2: Living here in J-ville, his home town, I thought Tebow Mania couldn't get more intense. Today taught me I was wrong.
Good morning! Have a great day
Obama, Others' Views On Gay Marriage Altered By Personal Ties: SAN FRANCISCO -- In revealing his support for same-sex marriage, Presi...
Text me his number.. I miss y'all niggas blood...
Life really isn't fair....... If I got what I deserved, that would be fair. But grace persist and I'm here. I'm, here.
heard you shot a hoe with your nerf gun. A+
RT - I love the new england patriots. I even play for the little league
I'll do what ever the fuck i want!
Many thanks to all Council members - past & present - for your collective commitments to the women & daughters of
you're outta my life ~
Opened and cleaned 70 cans of baby food my thumb hurts :(
hey casn we talk 4 a minute...
You can go your owwnn way
Arizona ice tea is the only thing that's keeping me sane right now. A giant Boo goes out to Minnesota Weather.
my senior ring is now paid off. #STOKED :D
oh yea haha, we do! Sorry, I dont know where Toronto is tbh! <U+2665>
Ah I see. Thought maybe u hung out at Sea World a bit too much
If im taking pictures for a band at the SA show how do I get photo credentials?
fans still feel good about the upcoming season.
and I wish you could too, I wish you could've came:(
According to the Pew Research Center, only 6% of Americans use twitter; of those who do, 40% look at tweets rarely or not at all! Wow!!!
COME HEAR SOME TUNES BY DAVID BROMLOW ON HIS GUITAR BOOTH 670 #GRC2012 #Financials2012 #MGMvideowall & ENTER FOR CHANCE TO WIN TV!
Don't forget Mother's Day! donate in her honor to the Habitat Women Build www.milwaukeehabitat.org
Hi ...sorry just seeing this ....Thank you! Yes better :) Hope you r well
If you're a Masters ski racer and you drive an , get in touch with
Why do bitches think milwaukee is a valid place to get money at??smh the money u make here should take u 2 other states 2 get 2 tha BIG BANK
I'm actually with wikipedia on this one.
Happy Birthday National Guard! The Guard celebrates 371 years – or 19 generations of lifers!
damn girl keep kicking me to the curb ;-P when we gonna hook up on the dl? ...............never that's why your blocked.
My favorite way to unwind & relax is 2 take a luxurious bath using #Phyto-Bain. It soothes my mind & body with calming essences.
Won a couple decent pots. 8k at 100-200 now.
Turf monsters everywhere
We are SO PSYCHED to be working with Big Light in this weekend's Music Video Race!!!
it got ugly LOL, the fam turned on each other over chicken lol
At workGetting to the MONEY
Self-restraint is putting excess peanut butter back in the jar instead of straight in yo' mouf.
Right with full team remember when I send that tweet !!! After first game !!
Can't believe we're less than a month away from the
the fact that i'm texting AND facebook chatting right now
#FF Shout outs to Stay true to your goals
Curiosity is one of the permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorous intellect.
Biggest ovation of the night at the Sweet Sixteen was when the Puke v LeHigh score was announced.
At 1 point I would let my presidents represent me now I represent presidents.
Good morning! What will you do today that requires faith?
what a game.
Justin won!!
in the past hour tho! and I just finished the last episode of season 2 of breaking bad last night this dude stay in some shit lol
Yeah, um, hi.
A new day has come. :)
Ed Schultz is full-on emo today
I'll ev to try to keep my gaming hrs in check.
Steve Sax says hello.
Give dumb kids free tuition to ASU. Use the booze money they spend to fund real education. Solved.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PLEASE FOLLOW ME <3 hope you have had a good day
Re: Cuban- I disagree- tech DOES radically transforms prevailing instructional practices, especially w/ at-risk & ADD/ADHD
Just ate smoked salmon and onions. I plan on sitting really close to at 4 and breathing on her throughout he show.
It's the last weekend of my first year of college...damn.
Do we have a grant writer in our PTA for this great technology?!
did you hear who was on it by any chance?? i missed that part i guess
Thanks for following us!
An Ovum report recently projected digital music revenue to surge 60 percent, thereby reaching $20 billion by 2015.
got me stuck on this angry birds game right now....smh
i apologize. I was just expressing my advanced opinion on your minor-minded tweet
My day today was pretty good!
I called the channel 10 great tv auction 49 times today. Well played public television.
It flew at me and attacked me it bit me it was a crazy bird anyways then one day it got out and flew away I did not care one bit
Man, I sure do wish my sisturrrrr would answer when I call her #shehatesme :/
Thanks! They're fun to make!
I'm so tired of The Black Eyed Peas. It's rock and roll for people who don't like rock and roll. It's rap for people who don't like rap.
how was it? Any fan interaction?
I Would Have Dropped Him Over
I can only work with what you give me.
Lucky you! I went there as part of a cruise many many years ago. When you going?
thanks bra the new mixtape will be droppin Feb. 14
Just child support & and bitterness...
Thanks for the follow!
RIP Mike Wallace
hey Justin, I really cant wait for #believe to come out. You inspire me in everything I do. Keep up the good work...<3NSN<3
Can't wait for date night Dinner at Butcher & Singer tonight. Love !
I want to text you so bad but I know you won't reply..
Excited to be a mentor this year at
Fayetteville is turning into L.C... Lesbian Central.
. thinks they're all tough because they put out a fire today. Whoopty flippin' do! We went and...wait, what did we do again?
Dinner with Matias and our mommies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Clips from tonight's Fringe looks similar to the movie "They Live". Pretty Cool.
Wonderfully! How about you?
no worries! We love you either way! Thanks for having us!
glad you liked . thanks for the recommendation.
Just ordered #syfnotsys from The Film Collaborative
I still have no bread... I'm THAT hungry!! SCREW IT!! I'll use a bagel!!!
seriously if your not big enough to tell me who wrote the note then dontwrite it cause it shows i much your a little b**** ...
Anyone have tips for converting a MKV files format to AVI on a Mac?
Engage, educate, inspire...what do museums do for you? Celebrate #ArtMuseumDay with free admission to the Carlos
when you are. Committing your life to someone make sure this is the right person not the wrong person
I am not ugly. But every time I go to a gay club I always leave feeling like Quasimodo
Chris Paul to the LA Clippers...definitely not feeling that trade!!
Watching a ghost hunters marathon.... f*** yeah
Thanks following!
People who say they can listen to music sober are lying. Music is never the same when you're not on something.
beautiful people<U+2665>
Congrats on being a Knight Fellow! Looking forward to seeing the work you come out with! I love Racialicious!
Fuck. What's happening right now?!
Declared by Council of the City of #Pittsburgh, today is "Tony Duran Day" 11/10/11 -10:00am -Councils Chambers - Gene Pietragallo accepts!
Jello WILL kick your ass if you suck, dude. sounds good so far!
Had such a great time at Walter Reed Army Medical Center! Enjoyed handing out shoes to our service men and women!!!
Follow me on instagram
way ahead of ya, I did it last year and doing it again this yr!
thanks babe. It's not but about to get better thanks to some alcohol
Social media offers new opportunities to activate Brand Enthusiasm
Money doesn't buy happiness.
Hanging with jgill and at the miami ne concert !!
Yeah- we get that 2! Totally embarrassed-UPS man jst said "C u tomorrow" cause he knows he's @ our house practically everyday
your Kings. Wait. How much of the team do you own. Why have I not seen any tickets to games. You have been holding out!!!
".. it turned to cute lovey-dovey shit for sorority girls and Tom Petty fans and I stopped paying attention"
What’s your ereader of choice? We have a debate going between and So far, Kindle is in the lead….
Going to Jesus Culture concert in Tampa, cant wait to meet them next weekend!! =)
The most beautiful view is the one I share with you
We'll be playing whatever kellie wants off the new CD! It's gonna be a party!!
Personal growth cannot occur without seeing your SELF as it is, not as you project it to be. Have you assessed your SELF lately?
Pete will never not be a creep.
Working through a bunch of new songs.
Might not be a bad idea, to start a new site with more content and writing. Social commentary, sports, etc. Get friends involved.
Just started working more actively with Twitter - like tweetcaster app for Android
follow bck please... btw i think it's soo cool how your a guy arinator :D
If you love arcade games and arcades from the 80's you should follow these guys. They're super nice and trying to document what is left. ...
I dont know... I JUST DO NOT KNOW lmaao jessica pepera.
People on TV go to sleep and wake up with a smile on their face, but when I go to sleep with a smile I wake up with my mouth wide open
i'm going to see it tonight! heard only great things
Soo it's foreal he has a girlfriend right?orr
True fans love for BRoy. Awesome moment.
I tried too hard and cared too much
we should make it and say sorry for the lateness but we just thought you need to stop growing so fast!
because you like eating ass?
Welcome, soldier who writes.
GOAL MAN CITY!!!!!!! 91st minute!
Anyone with common sense wud kno not to wear Toms wen its raining this damn hard.....lol her feet soaked like shit
played the song 'BIG BOY NOW' by RICHARD W. HONOSKI A/K/A MR. RICHARD on #
What's the point of calling them daddy! or your father when they just end up walking out of your life. -_-
Absolutely! Kudos to you too on your work and we appreciate the mention!
Anytime you suffer setback or disappointment, put your head down and plow ahead
Grilled Cheese is the pacifier of foods.
on facebook? become a fan of "OptionsTradingSystem" !
RT ": I'm in here hyped as shit an my mom tells me to quite down so she can watch glee... "BITCH PLEASE!"" Hahaha
Why? Do I know you?
One Step Up From Slavery
Thank you
of course it's ok ;) I'll send it via fb.
ALL DAY COMBATIVES!!
Just paid for my first app on the Android Market. I don't know why that seems like a milestone, but it kind of is...
yeah. ill give you a shoutie.
CHICAGO BELIEBERS! tweet me if you want me to add you to a facebook group made for us!
RT : Hm. VW Jettas (older version) simply aren't meant for two car seats... cc
Great season Bucks! Although I was looking forward to a Kentucky vs OSU final I'm happy that we made it as far as we did.
It could just be my tech experience but this is not impressing me at all, so I guess Apple is magical or exists in an alternate reality
done done done done. I'm done
Did you make your twitter just for #YAPC?! Welcome. I'm excited.
I've wanted cheetah print hair forever! :(
In Lisbon on our rooms balcony staring at palm trees with a constant smile on my face. Loving western Europe
you know I <3 u lol
Feel like shit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
yeah! Salty, knew those bats would start firing up!
Trying to decide what to do this weekend? Come down to San Diego and tour the USS Midway Museum (oh and stay with us too!)...
hi everyone :)
Brown penalty only the worst call I've ever seen... but I'll take the lead, Phoenix can beg for more gift calls
Never mind, I found it. I'll get back to you now.
it's a bad habit
thank you for a fantastic show tonight. I missed you in Austin so glad I caught you in Chicago!
been far too long. ha. I've been doing publicity at Cornerstone for the past year. I'm emailing you :)
Thanks everyone for the grats! :) It's been a great 1st year. We couldn't have done it without you! :)
Ugh homework
Vanilla ice cream with bananas, chocolate, pineapple and strawberry syrup!!!
Cant you see i want you?
next year!!!!
love that btw
Was going to clean my room but my phone won't play music correctly:( #ohwell #newphonecleanroom?
Save the date: Oct. 29 is our annual Bumps in the Night Halloween Party. $10 gets you in and all proceeds benefits our scholarship fund.
it was great to see you in #AmericanReunion thought it was the best one yet, I'm watching scrubs and had no idea u were on theshow
Oh well still omg
OH YAY!!! Im so glad that worked out!!! Have fun!
LA Film Festival - Boyz n' The Hood - L.A. Live
yep, Outlook just expired on my PDC machine from last year...rudely...no more workie...it was the only use for that machine and now its gone
#ThingsICantLiveWithout Good music
Best joint I've ever rolled <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
RT : Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. Confucius
Happy B-Day!!!!
Well, thank you for the mention!
"we've got great customer servants."
I love
hi yes you could do that by doing a trace to the server, we provide the server name in the customer area
But one type of book that practically no one likes to read is a book about the law. Books about the law are notorious for being very long.
I just spotted a Chipotle while running errands. Now I know what I'm having for lunch : )
Yea I'm smiling but you're not the reason anymore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I'm following you because told me to...don't disappoint. Lol
youll be alright then lol just smelly
One month from today we start recording vocals for the album. Help us pray for anointing, clarity of message, and stength.
Boy Meets World
Now I just need to hear from the only other person I think reads them, and I'll be set to make a decision.
is blowing up. Must follow #Packers fans.
#BOYFRIENDReview it's beyond perfect.
In No. 4 singles, Rudnitsky and Markel are heading to a third set.
Hang in there! Can't wait to see who medals this year!
$82 to add pages to my passport? Love knowing that I have to add pages, though.
guilty as charged
Goodnight everyone! <U+E414>
I want to met Criss Angel!!!
Much rather have this rain than the heat
School ends at 3:25 on Wednesday. THG is still in our theater. As a beginning of summer celebration, I think I'm going to go see it again.
Success is not found in what you have achieved, but rather in who you have become.
#thatawkwardmoment when you post a happy tweet right after three people tweet about someone dying...
I will be doing some stand up comedy and showing one of my short films in LA this Tuesday at the Improv Comedy Lab 8162 Melrose Ave at 8:30
sorry for the delayed response just search for
love it!
I want candy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
my dad's buying a new car:D
think i'm in love with ghost from monster shack crew
Guild Wars 2 pre order available on April 10th! Beta access and 3 days headstart! WOO!
please follow me back <U+2665>
Follow back? :) Im a new mahonie :)
"Sing happy things and one day a man will spring worth loving"-Greg Laswell <3
< he always says the right things!
The whole DHS population can kiss my ass! Fuck that school. I'm glad I'm leaving in 2 weeks.
On Sunday morning, I asked myself "Who would go see BULL RIDING at MSG?" Later on I spoke to my father who said he had a great time.
good luck, break a leg - I"d like to be there but meetings all morning.
totally true. Will be interesting to see if companies or others leak them as trial balloons.
I like #6 the best!
NIGGA BITCHES BE CRAZY!!!!!!!!!
“: yeah, saw all of that. #DHSI13orbust” Cowabunga!
LOVE watching commentating the Super Bowl and not playing for it!
": its wishful thinking" I agree... He could have had HC here before, chose junior national team.
I seriously need a hug
Good as ever... what's going on in NH?
Wow the Broncos for real?
#RejectedPeanutsSpecials It's Snoopy vs. the Viet Cong, Charlie Brown!
No problem. Got it covered and the dog will get walked too. <flex>
Great week....even better weekend now that Karen is home!
is hosting a happy hour tomrw @ Marriott's Tequila Bar & Grille from 4-7! RT is heading to
Check in on Facebook for an awesome deal..5th check-in= FREE FOUNTAIN DRINK. How awesome is that? We're Open 7 days a week!
RT : URPicky Indeed...this is delicious! Hope all is well @ law school! URmissed!
I want to learn how to take pictures of my screen on my phone!!!!!!!!
I'm not gonna blast his business on twitter, but it's not something he just says. Truth be know he hates the label.
ah watching the notebook D: gonna cry later....
Obama is an expert on energy! That's why we spent all of those hard earned tax $$ on Solyndra. So list to this part b/c he knows.
Me too. Went once and dug it highly.
we have had no luck with FB
yay,my tree is down & power is out again,thanks hurricane irene.
: You just made my day by talking sense (as usual), and by coining 'fluffy hippy woo woo'!
Once in a while, include spontaneity into your romantic gesture.
studying to billie holiday, and its effortless.
You're slackin' on your pimpin' bro
getting ready for work while listening to tyler the creator "Blow" nice!
Also, do images have to be digitized? If not on Google Images, or from marginalized groups what does that mean for data?
Blackfriday special 30% off all #BitchImFromMilwaukee shirts and hoodies
Sweet. I'm in good company, there!
"The ball is your husband, hit on it" xD Works for baseball...Volleyball...kinda soccer. hahahah. my coach is crazy.<3
Yaay! It's Friday..That means #FoxPhotoFriday Can't wait!
hey gorgeous
I'm tired of being humble! Was out on the field yesterday doing my thang...
i just entered the win a call from ill send the arianators a link to enter
I'm about to watch The Slam Man on Leno
holy early batman! Coffee?
nope. Just placing bets with people at the bar. Drinks are on the line here!
Went to Maxie's Southern Comfort for the first time last night. It's so much fun checking out so many great restaurants in the MKE area!
#liesbeforesex "I love you",'u r the hottest i have ever met'...:D
Good discussion with a new client today on PR output versus outcome measurement. It's not how much stuff u send, it's about the results!
stop tickling me dude
that is awesome candy.
my mama got me crackin up right now lol
hahaha there's the dan i know
ouch...hope you are going to run indoors when its 100+
Is anyone working on an Expendables-type movie for vampires? Because they should be.
Meditation for today - Luke 17: 11-19 this is pretty deep if you think about it. Thinking about the mental fortitude needed
rude spam - poor behavior to claim it was our RT.
Maybe Pats can actually address a need and trade up for Reed or take a flyer on Bowers. Also would like to add a big WR and a RB
The EcoBoost motor delivers an estimated 355 horsepower at 5,700 rpm, while generating 350 pound-feet of torque at 3,500 rpm
Have you been pregnant before?! LOL!! RT aren't you supposed to dip the pickles in your ice cream?
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Barry Weintraub
i knew i shouldnt let my boy go to prom wit her im gone kiddnap her ass
got som gud news for us an I need you to call me asap
Tonight was kindergarten meeting for Tate. Forgot to ask how much homework there will be.
Raises hand... RT : Campus Activities Magazine readers name DSU 1 of Top 5 in country. Were you on DSU when you were at WU?
It's hump day! And Congrats to all the men and women graduating from the MKE Police Academy today!
" only if there ready to get weird (Friday 13th).
Employers there are several HR Managers waiting to be hired Happy Monday!
Just biffed it on the corner of 25th st and 6th ave. Man wearing eye patch next to me says: "Happens to me all the time, honey."
It's all about appearance & personality.
Matthew #Stafford is one tough customer...separated shoulder on Sunday, back in the lineup on thursday...I'm now rooting for the Lions
Windows 8 to provide more data monitoring for who? The government?
lol dang 3 now lol woo there woman crazy either way im sure u will look fine lol
hey ladies. Catching up now.Preparing for my 5k on Saturday.
We've got a while to think about it, so nothing anywhere near definitive yet. Fun to spitball ideas tho RT Changes? I am intrigued.
I miss you too babee<3 do you hve mono?
My last tweet was sopposed to go to my mommie!!!!! #oops!!
This a game,best team win
Incredibly angry that could have gotten me a Broad Street Line calendar today and didn't. Some friend.
Who's going to go see Avengers with me????
You are so funny! I absolutely love the show! :)
Missed this one before. I'm recovering well. Taking this week easier than most, though. How has your day been so far? Big plans?
Met IRL tonight. Such a nice guy!
RT : The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil. ~ Cicero
I mean it's loud, don't get me wrong, but it's definitely not embarrass the shit out of yourself loud. :)
that's cool congrats and good luck
Yay! I'm finally twitter friends with !!! Prob the coolest girl ever!
RT : The San Francisco premiere of ICELAND: Future of Hope is tomorrow, March 7th, at the San Francisco Green Film......
Jessica Rodriguez is about to take the stage and rock hard with her ukulele. Do you really want to miss out on that? .....I didn't think so!
Hot showers>
OH MY GOD I LOVE THIS!
Hi how are you doing and wat have you been doing
come visit our booth and enter to win a free pass to any of our rides! We're upstairs near the stage.
Hey I loved the dance you put together on DWTS.
This TT is about to get a lot of people caught up. <U+2192> #MentionMyCrush. I'll pass.....
same to you... I always love connecting with international creative minds from my home state...Much success to you!
Fellow YOUNG JUSTICE fans: what are your Wally West theories, especially after the Aqualad reveal?
okay ur losing a lot of followers then bitch
I just woke up in the middle of the night & remembered that it was 's birthday!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> Happy Birthday Shay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
wale's im on one freestyle: "Like B.o.b, got airplanes, not one J, got a pair or more" gotta be one your shit to get that reference
Enjoyed hanging out with & again today. Nice to meet & as well.
Thank you for making me and 's anniversary so special!! She was so stoked everyone signed the book!
hey harry! hows your day so far?
#Rockies Tulo in this series:7 of 10 ABs have been flyball outs ... 6 straight going back to last night.
Certain places like Italy Ireland and places all around Europe
Hell of a goal! Hell of a game! I'm proud to be a Sporting KC Supporter!
Bird feeder is out. It's officially spring. (FWIW, in my neighborhood, bird feeders go on the AC unit.)
pretty decent selection of beers on tap and nice staff.
Happy Mother's day to all moms - probably the toughest job there is!
Good morning beautiful people!
They say the more you laugh the longer you'll live. Thanks to my friends!, I'm never gonna die.
Back to sitting in my room, watching the world, scaring myself on Halloween ...yes
#FF #dmdcawards finalists See you all tonight!!
thank you so much! Means a lot!
Thank you for your continued support. We sure do need it ;)
But that Tebow kid, now he is an ELITE player.
I would love to join you but I am in session at that time. If my schedule opens up - count me in! Thanks for thinking of me!
My computer has decided its wants the day off! I just want to load images into the database!
Use your Lunch break efficiently and get in and out quickly, $7 Lunch Menu 8 different sliders to choose from plus a side. 11 to 2:22
You still have time to get in!!
We have a new brand of Shutter that we are carry now. Plantation Shutters Fort Worth TX. $15.99 per sq.ft!!
The first day of Spring feels like the first day of summer! See Patrick Hammer's forecast
Lmao , so far its a good night ^.^
We read a ton over the weekend. What about y'all? We love hearing what you're reading, from books to magazines to articles online.
Crazy mug
The library got a copy of the big historical coffee table book I worked on with the consultant over the summer and it looks pretty great!
Stop trying to take my freedom.
Always looking for potential camping destinations. Thanks for the heads up. I have already downloaded the National Parks App!
"inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle" is now available on itunes..!!!!! Rtrt
oink, oink
I almost forgot i had a twitter account.
hi everyone
Up and at 'em. Busy day. Workout, the get ready for first game tonight. Finally a night off of work though. Just worked 8 in a row.
I left my heart in Indiana
Bro it's all to the good. We got you!
Congrats on your Yotes advancing. While I was rooting for Hawks, "Yotes were better all-around team
the byrnes will be here. Sorry coopers you miss out!
Chivas aren't as dirty and cheap as FC Dallas, but they sure are close
Why did the monster dye her hair yellow?To see if blondes have more fun.
Tomorrow is guardian training for the Honor Flight. I'm already getting emotional! Got the name of my veteran today. So excited!
i hate when it happens
My man is shouting out all the woman that are true sports fans and I immediately thought of you :)
Go after your past customers before you spend time and money trying to find new ones. Reminder from Geller
By "fire" do you mean "make the renewal contract so prohibitive that they walk"?
well that was extremely unnecessary.
I agree. I really think I would love to do that one day. The antebellum homes along that river are gorgeous.
Refs blew the whistle as soon as Bennett went down. So even if he fumbled, the play was dead. Refs got it right.
Looks like we get to stay in the neighborhood.
Didn't make time for coffee this morning. Poor choice. Poor poor choice.
Congratulations, Baltimore: I like you enough to give Orioles some preferential treatment in my predraft fantasy baseball ranking! Go Birds!
Portland dinner tonight with #OrbisCascade crowd
I was walking from the living room to the kitchen, and the stewardess told me to sit down
"Whatever you are, be a good one." Abraham Lincoln.
Epic weekend in Denver! Thank u so much for all the love and support, and it was so great to meet everyone!
it was your poison kiss that turned me into this!
You called it, Daigo
Shopping colleges = information overload & fun until your kid rudely tells you to stop talking! Who's paying?
Bryan. You simply can't imagine how legit it is to get a tweet like this from you. Double-cupped coffees for life.
Hi Aubrey..I'm watching it now. thanks.
seems like this needs a blog post on #EMchat -- what are your thoughts ?
upgrades are coming to the registration process. Captains will be able to register players themselves. Invites are no longer required!
So we lost every volleyball game but we all know that that wasn't a shocker ;D
what really is the most amazing app ever you get actual stickers I have already got 2 sets of them and when you
that's gonna be your walk up song
This is why soccer is the #1 sport on the world
Yes, we have our twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn & YouTube accounts added. Having problems??
I'll vote for that..:)
I love watching the Lakers lose...especially when OKC is kicking their a$$es! #Thunderup!!!
Lunch time
Y'all be too thirsty.
Thanks!!! & check out my page's cool new look.
GO DEEP, FREESE!
If one of my family members needed my help I would there ,NO questions asked.Period.
Stuck at home because hasn't plowed our street yet. What's up, Bloomington??
Another day of work on this beautful day
As a PROUD Alum, I am offended at recent statements made by Dave Begel of in regards to UWM students.
RT : I like this whole Monday Night NASCAR thing. Get Hank Jr. In studio, let's cut a theme song and make it official
bottom of pretzel bag salt is the best kind of salt. which makes it the best kind of anything.
me to. Is this a realistic wish, or wishful? In any event: Copenhagen, Ocracoke NC, Barcelona, Mykonos, San Francisco
what date
Governor to unveil state Centennial Balloon @ press conference on Thursday @ 7am @ Balloon Museum.
Yikes. Wow.
Absolutely! And you definitely need to see it ASAP.
one of my favorite places ever. Love.
Damn good. As everyone should (i.e. follow forever & )
We Have Open MIC on Wedsday Nights At Club Jazid ON South Beach
its been a long time coming but i knew that it would come
#MyPerfectGuy Thinks I'm beautiful without makeup, hair product, or super cute clothes, and that I'm gorgeous in a t-shirt and natural hair.
Stay open to the movement of God in everyday things — things with our jobs, neighborhoods, finances, friendships, family.
And if you know of any bands that would like to be interviewed, TELL THEM ABOUT !
I did then she said 2 stop mentioning her in my tweets
ESPN is reporting former Norte Dame Coach Bob Davie has been hired to replace Mike Locksley as UNM’s head football coach.
I'm thinking about hosting a meeting at work :D
Awesome that is just what I have been looking for!
I wouldn't let you eat the chip off my shoulder.
Whatever for?
Thanks bud.
Ebadi: we have to rewrite the history of war to a history of peace
I just noticed my 20oz. says "No Refills" in bold on the side. Like enough people tried... My truck doesn't say "No Refills" lol
cool that's what's up what u do promote?
If a Chicken CAN speak it's either really possessed or is really telling the truth. That ones kinda tuff... goes round n round
What fucken hook shot bubba I just totally screamed
So tired, long day of meetings at corporate. More meetings tomorrow then heading home!
Eh I wasn't really feeling today at all so I'm gonna sleep until it's tomorrow
Good morning people, coffee is made Breakie is sizzling, and we can do this!
A4: If tiger is back, PGA got a mulligan. Need to come up with a plan to market sport without him while he is still around
stop it! serious?
When's the book launch?
your welcome young lady!
Love worshiping with ? His bro is pretty good too...check him out!
I want some to keisha! And nae be quiet
RIP Steve Jobs - thanks to one of your inventions my life was changed. You will be missed but not forgotten!
awww alex knows how to make me smile :)
Same to you Elissa - we sure do keep in mind for our projects!
Attending The library's swiss army knife smart phone session. Exciting
no shit snooki's getting cheated on! Dime the metote Dana!
Has to finish 100 more pages of my book before the night ends...just going to keep reminding myself there's only a week left.
Avnet Integrated Resources’ ROUND2 INC. Donates to The Nature Conservancy in Observance of Earth Day Initiative
RT RT : #German rockers Scorpions arrive in #Israel set to play Tel Aviv's Nokia Arena tomorrow evening.
why limit yourself to them, when they're obviously not limiting themselves to you ?!
Jkkkk I'm going to mayfest <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I cant wait until Cotto beats Mayweathers ass!!!
watching jersey shore and waiting for my boyfriend to bring me chinese food yummy!!
Coronas?! Alright :)
fingers crossed for your awkwardness! you should use as the #wingman...#brah love.
Why is Brad Nessler lying?
Class starts in a couple minutes! Live audio today! :)
Great pic of creepy plumber. And the Homer will keep me up at night.
Theres always 30'of cobblestone between the carts and linoleum at Walmart. Im 1/2 a block away before i realize my carts got octagon wheels
When a person says they will ask somebody out using a hammer i just get insanely creeped out and scared
Just as long as we didn't wake you!
me too:(
Awkward on so many levels...
i asked you first!
I usually don't brag but losing weight is not an easy task and I'm so proud of myself for being committed. I can already see results! Whew!
It's a beautiful day in #ATL! I may go on a mission to find or
Apparently everybody had a good weekend.
Aw shucks! Ditto!
I did tho? I'm confused
Dear NFL Referees: Please note that penalties CAN be called against the Broncos and not just the Steelers. Signed: The #Steelers Fans
i never was mia
ATTENTION FIRE MR. LAURIDOUS BOO BO... HE SUCKS!!!! GRRR
Hi Amigos Que HaciendoO???
Sitting back smelling the good aromas of home cookin and listening to some old school jams !yeah buddy!
I love It Girl remix with Jordin Sparks. Love Jason & Jordin together. #Adorable(: #Beautiful #Jason&Jordin #ILoveYou <3
The #SGIA Street Team will be giving away cool stuff next week @ #SGIAExpo. Stay tuned to #SGIAExpo for updates on when & where.
thxs a lot I was thinking of picking blue thxs
If Time=wealth, how rich are you? I feel really poor lately as I TRY 2 manage & Free up time in my life...
Monty's hair = sex. Hahaha thank you for your reply! I love THE DAMNED!
We're getting married on Sunday, July 25, 2010 in Maui, Hawaii...I've been doing most of the planning along with my mom.
Chris should be loading today. Sometime tonight hopefully
Does David Amram live up there?
We love you too Austin! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Having already watched Richard Jenkins torture youths today, I'm in the mood for THE VISITOR.
Ryan Gosling didn't make it to the #oscars this year!?! One more thing we have in common...
Then you don't know neither Spanish nor French ... GRRR -.-
Guys are people, I swear some girls think there hot potatos. Just be tossing them around.
Nights spent typing papers<<<<<<<
You can conquer any fear if u simply make that choice. Remember, fear doesn't exist in the heart but in the mind. Love & Spirit trumps Fear
Petite Petit paired with steak on a sunny spring evening.
It purple Friday today two more days till we stomp on them patriot clowns
honestly i dont care but DENVER WENT OUT WITH A FIGHT N DESERVE CREDIT
I love your tumblr!
THIS IS GETTING CRAZY
Aww, well, don't feel bad! I don't have kids and I still didn't get to sleep in either :( Maybe next weekend!
needs to dm me.
what a header!
Heading to San Francisco-wood!
What do you think about the new Xbox 360 Update?
I stand waiting for the water to turn on on bathrooms often. Only to find out I had the wrong droids.
We have grapple!
Tweeting song lyrics because they apply>>>
Learner Centered: Exceeds Expectations
were supposed to be doing our projects
#raw10 a Friends Uncle was sentenced to 125yrs. He cried, Judge I cant do that time. Judge said, Do want u can, State will help wit the rest
I gave up on twitter iPhone app. Now I always use echofon. More options.
Dont tell me that you're going to do something. Just fucking do it. I'll either notice or I won't.
IT WILL GET BETTER, HANG IN THERE.
The PURE Project from Brooks is good! I'm running in PureFlow now - great light shoes for experienced runners. Check all four!
awww looks like ur having a blast. Enjoy!!!!
come I need
Haha, it was listed on my facebook info!
Kawhi Leonard leads the Spurs with seven points after the first quarter. Howard has 9 for Utah, 28-17 Spurs.
Love your bio!
Drinking my inspiration.
could you please tweet everybody go follow she is amazing..... please I need followers...
they are realy good
where is that?
For my first tweet I want to wish everyone a very Happy Thanksgiving!!!
#bestsexplace the bed in clean sheets
thanks so much for featuring IKS on your and I share the sentiment regarding the labels!
Lol, very much so!
business what you do. But when little girls try to emulate the perfect image that you put out there dont be mad when the parents get mad
World has more knowledge workers than ever. Saying "except for serious work tasks" is a big exception...
Wearing my deer shirt today I better get some luck!
weather will be the deciding factor. no rain=good chance rain=and it's a crap shoot
Now checking into the game... Metta World Peace. Hmm that looks alot like Ron Arrest.
Watch Girls on HBO, because it's really difficult to write modern dialogue that doesn't sound like two interns raping Urban Dictionary.
IT is TIME people, IT is TIME!
Someone's missing. Where fore art thou ? Should we send a search party?
nothing that i know of
RT : Don`t ask for my opinion and get mad when I tell you the truth. Real shit
Wishing you a happy #earthday tribe!
No problem, I hope so as well!
After hearing what I heard today I needed to call my dad.
100! That show with was ridiculously fun. Honored to play awesome music with her band!
Thanks for following us!
I am :( RT : Who is shocked that Nicki didn't take home best new artist?
ok :) so how u doing? How old r u?
Wat is the number of the hospital???????someone tell me please
I worded that so weird. whatevas
I'm speaking today at the Josie Morris Odum Literacy Extravaganza in Inkster!
Driving home after lifting was a horrible idea
- oh good! Glad to know they'll last that long. Can't wait to unearth them!
My sister asks me the same question 7 times each time I give her the answer she ask the question again is the equivalent of stupidity
BITTER DRUNKENESS SETTLING IN
Video games don't make kids violent. Lag does.
Exploring whit.li. Interesting examples of social matching in api. Now only if everyone were comfortable giving FB permissions
I must admit. I didn't expect Apple to pay $10 bill in dividends AND another $10 bill in buying stock back.
Making changes to twitter with CD being released. If not a follower, you're missing the cut and part of the change to twitter.
on my way to my last chorus concert! this senior year really has gone by fast!
pizza and salad bar
I am never inviting my boy friend no where cause he laggs it too much -______- ugh.
what you got boy is hard to find, i think about it all the timee <U+2665>
vice versa too that shit kill me
I wish I were there. We actually have a sticker from them on our cabinet but we haven't been there. Need tor rectify that.
Marathon Monday you will be the death of me.
Hey thanks for the tweet of my story. Just saw it.
hi bby I love u my wife
Next up, ProQuest stages a blackout to cash in on Twitter chatter.
My alarm clock and I aren't on speaking terms right now.
omg the edge of glory just ended on one station, and just started playing on the other lmao
What up cus on the left side and thats Taylor gang or die...bang
We're already working hard this morning.... never a dull moment!!
what you mean naw fat head
Whaaaaa?? RT #Breaking: AP: Apple says Steve Jobs has died
Why wasn't you in school today ?
don't think my fiancé realizes that for the reception we have to pay per person, which is super expensive. He's gonna freak out!
Wed. night I will be guest performer at Cali Shaw's songwriter series at Scalo singing & playing originals! Starts at 8:30p. No cover.
Its freakin 35 degrees up in my room!!! Im frozen
Once again, the "This is Ed" series from #StoraEnzo has come through. Great resource for designers of all levels.
"What were you doing?" "Nothing." "You were watching videos of Cody, weren't you?" "...Yup"
HI! Can you give me a Shoutout? :P Thanx!
Don't miss ALWC tomorrow morning. If you shouted for IU you better be ready to shout for Jesus tomorrow morning-1030 AM
... "I'm not DRUNK. I have bad KNEES." Ma'am. You've just fallen face first into linoleum flooring...and I'm stealing your justifications.
So warm out right now... Can't believe it
Work-out done! Now to shower!
how do I access archive for today's show, since ETT is now using livestre*m? Can't figure it out-am I missing something obvious?
Forgot 2 share possibly most important thing learned at #c21nonhuman so far. Apparently Montreal is the ONLY place 2 get bagels!
What an incredible series of three saves from Craig Anderson. Quite the goalie duel in #Ottawa tonight.
Just saw sister at olive garden!
I can promote your new single to over 10k followers. 4 tweets a day 7 days straight for only $25 Save time let me do it for you
good 4 u
Stretch before you start any excercise-warm up your muscles. Some people get a massage after exercise to get the muscles backin shape
Rick, Newt and Mitt... If I felt like insulting, Larry, Moe and Curly, I'd refer to these Republican buffoons as The Three Stooges!
My roommate likes to talk about herself.
Um, aren't the Virus shows in the process of selling some such items for what is undoubtedly a good cause?
when u coming back to kc
haha you older than me, but I can dig it
Some days you get the oyster, other days you get the shell, but each day you can make a pearl. ~Alexys Fairfield
Time to wash clothes..get popeyes and finish watching the game...
Sweet. I'm putting it in the books.
this wednesday coming up...interview by Big Agency.
Is Lil wayne dead already..or?..
the best line since "will work for food", vote for me
I can't see Scotty Davenport leaving Bellarmine but I think he could be very successful at WKU.
Um yes, that was me telling you I know without saying it. :)
I think I did.
She's a freak so I had to hold back....just to see what she do when she can't get that..I was right now where she at??
'.' if u follow meni would die ur my world!! Follow me on twitter to please?!
It's about time I get a pedicure!
Give me something to believe in!
A man's character may be learned from the adjectives which he habitually uses in conversation. - Mark Twain
We are introducing Whisk Reputation. Yelp feedback monitoring, responding and social media strategy... Would you be interested?
I am done with school
I love this one
I'm just a Holy Fool, oh baby he's so cruel, buy I'm still in love with Judas baby.
holy hat that was a serious
Hope you get your second and third winds soon!
serious changes in one small area can often lead to changes in other areas of your life as well.
:o it's really good! (:
Roast beef chili with bacon and white cheddar at - one of the best cold (or any) weather dishes in town.
Just wrapped up with Chauntelle Marie Loose @ NoTies Model-Management :)
Can we please also agree on removing the "p" from raspberry?
how much was it in 02? I was thinking like 3k for some reason. At least in the 3ks. That's more a 200% jump
Some people are just really mean... its not needed....
Listening to stories of journalistic sausage-making gives me the impression of truth as a threshold in a network of tropes
Getting back into the swing of things after an AMAZING vacation with my family!!! Audition tomorrow morning after ASL! It feels good! :)
getting ready to go to our neighbor's party with lots of alcohol and a rockin' band
G'night everyone!!!(: <3
Agree! : LOVE sharing TwitterVille w/ #Grateful <U+2665>
Happy World Book Night!
I live in a little town called Smith county.
Happy 88th Birthday to Hedgerow Theatre in Rose Valley.I was an usher there when I was just 14.First repertoire company in the US.
stay strong bro!
Missed my flight, but at least #Laguardia is bumping jams right now at the terminal.
Committee members concerned over amount of exits, more parking spots may not solve problems.
ok...I guess it just wasn't in their line-up during the intro. That's a relief...thanks
;D lmaoo i didnt even realize wat i did till now
o snap
So I lost 2 followers today during my #livetweettreesearch. Sounds about right. Those that stayed, I commend you on your bravery.
ba ba ba ba baby Don't forget my number!!!
im sowwi i am listeing to my last cover by dylan holland ft peyton sanders
they be like can i get an amen!
hey what are you doing
betting? More like sacrificing boxes of cap'n crunch to the gods of his arm.
I'm about to take a long nap since I'll b at it ALL night
Set out this morning with a goal to complete 2 of 4 flows for this project. Nailed it.
It's weird, all my Exes are really nice to me...I wonder if it's because I'm a good guy or because I have photos of them naked?
Daily Report: Facebook Plans to Name Names in Fight Against Worm
Thank you daylight savings time for completely ruining my morning. Another way I'm reminded I'm not from here.
#Thanksgiving vocab in preparation for Turkey.Plymouth- a city in SE Massachusetts: the oldest town in New England, founded by the Pilgrims.
It's the last day of finals today! The library looks and smells lived in. I always forget how horrible finals are.
Set my alarm for 8pm instead of am. Woke up at 1040 and don't know how. Worst start of a day in a long time!
Shit working like a slave and tryna maintain... you been good???
Cringes when there is bumper to bumper traffic at 10:50 p.m. Seriously!?
can you dm me?
#NowPlaying. Michael Jackson. Butterflies.
Sent my Ma & Pa to concert for Mom's day & she texted me they're having a GR8 time! THANKS LADIES! #winning<U+263A>
So Sad... RT Official: 3 tickets share record Mega Millionsjackpot; winners in Maryland, Kansas, Illinois -
my older brother used to be an aau coach. i'm going to buy it, read it, then give it to him as a gift...lol
...and I thought I was nuts with the amount of tabs I keep open....
Building starts going vertical this week
Only occasionally. But the CTA isn't as scary as DART.
a week
Ugh I hate the creepy-crawlies.
sure lol you took it hard!
Nvm..eating somewhere else. Too full..ugh starving!
Lightening speed! #amazing Thanks for the call!
RT "the people with the biggest hearts, always suffer the most"
hes all the way in Germany so he's got it coming lol
LEAST susceptible: security tools; ERP CRM; office productivity (really?)
Hahahahaaaaa From: A Bitter That Manning Didn't Choose Us But Glad Tebow Didn't Either 49er Fan :)
It's a pARty! (with + for the Chaotic Moon pirate party).
He wandered into the room telling me his nose was "stuffed." I handed him a tissue, not realizing he was being quite literal.
TGIFFAO = Thank God It's Fish Fry At O'Lydia's. hehe
Seeing a ton of short films and plays for the Edgemar festival submission process. In the case of shorts, less is definitely more.
On the AirPlane now. Scared AF. Lol. Bout tuu take off.
serial records are so fascinating to me. Each one is like a mini-history if you can decode the crazy...
Should You Have Good Pricing or Great Pricing? Should you have good pricing or great pricing? Our first instinct is to have great prices
oh ok, I gotcha. That makes sense!
OH: can I pee in my own butt?
#lessambitiousgames Village of Warcraft: Mild Upheaval and Minor Destruction
SkinCeuticals Emollience... Great for a White Christmas in Aspen to a dry Christmas in Arizona!! @ Be Belle
Ditto! “: thanks again for 2 amazing sessions today. #ilf11 #fangrrl”
At sxsw fit together panel
#WonderCon 2012 is a wrap! Thanks to all of you who stopped and talked to us and got to see what high quality $10 tees is all about.
thanks likewise sure ;)
RT : Obama: Today, I can report that, as promised, the rest of our troops in Iraq will come home by the end of this year.
RT : The key to marvelous team performance is sharing a common goal.
Never been more proud to be friend :)
ME!! RT RT : How many of you are east coasters about to watch it??
I am grateful for Allen Ginsberg who fought censorship and taught me that you can really say it all. He opened my voice.
Remember when had good prices?
nobody else can make me happier then this guy
jakes pussy ass is taking forever to eat.
did the Lodi one close? That sucks. I liked that place.
Looking for value-packed products to teach you how to make big $$$,then visit the Baltimore REIA store-tiny.cc/Baltimore-REIA-store
Missing Seth
Does anyone else fall asleep in class?
Vince Young signed with the Bills good for him, does anyone know his dogs name?
y'all senior prank won't be nothin though :p
queestion: about adoption of cut/paste/remix - will be incorporated
#Milwaukee and #WestAllis...Tomorrow is time for Brass Monkey 2's (700 East Layton) #Christmas Party. Music, Food, Booze, Cheer, All Day!!!
Integrated Motor, Accommodation, Sequential Memory, Fixation, and Directionality Vision Training Skills NOW integrated into Metro Math.
Good luck with that!
Another episode of Job Search Radio - live right now - www.jobsearchradio.com - meet job seekers and employers
not sure how we go about getting a ride on Artemis - but the stops in to Miami this spring 2012
Power is out in parts of Charles Village and Remington. BGE says they expect it back on around 10:30pm.
Today is going to be a fantastic day. Period.
Began THE ONE AND ONLY IVAN this a.m. by reading the first 19 pages aloud to 5th graders. Probably not sleeping 'til I'm done.
Charlie Brown
#Sopranos still best show on TV
ha that is awesome! At least you're manly enough to admit.
i wish i was the type of person to confront someone when something they do upsets me.
Watching "Heathers" Better than Mean Girls. Lol
Good look for taken the time to listen mang... I produce all my tracks also..
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend......No further explanation is needed!! We all know that one!!
Happy Christmas everyone!
Official count: 48 attended. I think that's something to be proud of. :) That's 48 times at least 25 young minds!
what else is new. Sadly execs in nonprofits are always bringing in that money
Gotta brain full of .....
Its cold o.0
Nothing says fun like a meeting to set office protocol.
I gotta get this off , hoping it goes smoothly .
If I could do a backflip, I would. Just finished a major revision of my latest novel. Time to celebrate!
Hello Columbia university!
The Orioles spanking the Yankees again....Nice!
you're not enjoying nyc properly if you're watching tv ;)
you are so awesome! :)
Look at those double A patches. I use to wear those patches for a long time.
Ha, Just seems so typical of current book industry that a title like that would get huge buzz and headline Publisher's Lunch.
Due to a power failure the WE location is currently closed. is working on the issue and we will keep you updated.
wouldn't that be nice...
I guess that's really all on me.
BidFather.com will open its doors on June 26th at exactly 12:00 PM. Register now and prepare yourself to bid with 10 free bids!
my mom said she will double my allowance if u follow me :) come on, i dare u!
Homework as usual.. Good luck Girls On Track!!! Hope your kick-off dinner is amazing!! <3 A
You are welcome. Like your videos too!
$4800 for a two week tattoo fundamentals class seems a bit excessive...
awesome! Well not cause your arm but the ringtone is sweet!!!
bored bored bored bored.
uh... he's already following me but thanks anyway... love<3
Were all the seahawk fans at poor saints wow they lost to the under dogs its like USSR vs the seahawks
Love it man....especially Eyenga's block on the Queen.
Taking a Staff tour of our rental sites in #BoyleHeights & hearing awesome ELACC history from our VP Maria Cabildo!
Thanks so much for the follow! Have a great day!
Yes, John Lauber at Cranbrook. All the other boys involved remember the incident but ol' Mitt. Imagine that.
we love to clean!
I don't wanna!!
Anybody ever tried Arbonne? Just got some samples :)
Going to Florida this April :) ...hopefully
People have this need on SM to say "I am here." Whether it's a bagel shop or a museum. Love to capitalize on here-ness.
every time i say TUNCHI i get realy happy
Thanks and for the shoutouts! Glad to follow you!
Toddlers and Tiaras =)
7.I have two brothers.
On my way to Dallas!:)
now there fighting jaxon has bit jasper many times his neck is red his lip is bleeding jaxon is a fiesty son of a bitch
I Wanna Go Sky Diving !
hehehe water ice... You silly easterner!
Aren't you solo?
Oh Hootsuite, why are you dumb?
That was pathetic and self deficating, by the way, thanks to this is my new saying
Hope you enjoyed fake Midway zombie apoc. Woulda went longer if my phone was post 1986. xo
Hannibal won best club comic but got edited out, of course
better get me a nug on a frisbee or else!!
I'm pretty sure "Glee" has jumped the shark. I know because Ralph Malph was on last night's show.
Everything I do is for a reason
hahahahaha what?! Okay okay he better see it. O.o
Change of plans.. I guess I'm staying in with the kid! and have fun without me!!
Michael Blackson is one of my fav comedians because of his accent <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Thank you brother! You came through huge for your teammates. I'm a friend for life. Anything you ever need, let me know.
#FF great for ski industry related news and insight to Massachusetts' #1 ski resort
Electrolux PLHS267ZCB3 Refrigerator - The Kitchen Appliance ...
Playoff basketball in the triple A tonight!
Just because you THINK everything revolves around you, that doesn't mean everything actually does....
Ready for Friday!
wanna have sex
no worries Ma.. was gonna be real sad if you were all the way here and we missed each other. chat this week?
Positive Thoughts Are Helpful, And Generous.Negative Thoughts Make You Lead To Stress, Unhappiness, Regretting Things. Live Your Life Right.
Andres, thanks for your encouragement. We need it! Thanks.
I wish fast food restaurants served lunch food in the morning ...breakfast food is disgusting ....
its on North Lopez Street in Mid City
Just want to let you know "Paralyzed" will not get out of my spirit!
If you could feel what I'm feelin' then it's a musical masterpiece!
unless you don't have it off :-)
Yes, you do - there are some great edu-related conversations over there
I could care less... DIEKMAN GOT THE WIN IN HIS FIRST MLB GAME!
Srry I barely get on
So many fail because they don't get started; they don't go. They don't overcome inertia. They don't begin. -W. Clement Stone
OMM how did I not realize was following me?!?! I have been asking him to follow me for like ever! What the heck
i had such high expectations for Adam Lamberts new album.
hahaha. it's funny because it's true (and sad).
bet thanks man
Common denominator came on shuffle, then after that Turn To You came on. Skcksocioajcksjfieiif his voice. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Free shipping on all handmade miniature tile jewelry in my shop! Http://ShrunkenCatHeads.Etsy.com
An hour until I can check in. Of course my bag just broke.
10 days until #warpedtour tickets go on sale at Vans. (;
Awesome keep us posted on things go for you.
HUNGER GAMES. 1 hour. Can't wait to enter the arena with
BRO SOME ONE STOLE UR SONG!!!!!! THERES A SONG EXACTLY LIKE YOURS! SAME LYRICS! " PARTY AND BULL SHIT!!!!"
So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future
yikes - I feel for you
What is this traffic
you in today?
Oh man what a start to the day- basement is wet after last nights storms and the dog gets sprayed by a skunk! Let's hope the day improves!
not as funny as when I actually say "HI JOIE"
u have tht pierced? :o
It's nice to be nice to the nice.
After 2 weeks off I am back in action! Hope everyone had a nice Turkey Holiday with family & friends! New VIP set coming tomorrow! XOXO!!
Restaurant Week starts on Friday! Come join us for dinner or lunch!
Slick Rick & Dougie Fresh!!!
depends on the player and if we get the #1 pick or not, but yeah I would. He's exactly the type of SG we need
Facebook owns it?
haha stop swearing!
Sierra! Love you Gurll! <3 Please DM me back! Love you xoxo PLease Look at your DMS.
Hahaha yes. RT : Like most things in life, the Keebler Elves are terrifying when you think about them long enough.
“: Happening now: Lots of YPs, community leaders gather at #RocCity Rising 2012 #rocyps” and #ROC Superstars
“: not really Conrad's fault that the Crew have been shut down by Suppan/Batista in the span of 2 weeks." - very true
lol yea whatever bro
Think about building apps that help librarians find people and connect, not just organize the stuff we have. Love it!
what is niall eating:)
Prod: It's so hot I had 2 pull my sleeves up Kenneth: u just want people 2 c ur muscles Prod: Yall c Kenneth hatin Roc: yo Kenneth y u hatin
U KNOW WHAT TIME IT IZ!
haha I like it though!
You can pay me in sushi! ;)
Long ride home from Weston <
Gonna get a little bit sideways
The law on NRA lobby is predicated on the idea that white life is in peril in the South and that blacks/hispanics r dangerous.
Life is moving too fast for me right now.
sounds like a noble cause, indeed! Cheesy Gordita Crunch + Waffle Crisp Mocha = dream lunch
Less than 48 hours away from Vegas to see fight. I can't sleep too excited
Colton shouldn't have gone home
Why is it that we argue consistently with those we are closest to?
Lots of "Brother Time" come Monday...that's what's up!
I don't. I only cast the roles that speak.
I don't know what a Demi Lovato is...
Mix round 1 is finished! Keep your ears out for demos this week.
OMG Girl I Love You So Much !
Seeing a lot of anger directed at me from #Athletics fans. I'm sorry. Can I make it up to you? I'll sponsor a tarp in the Coliseum.
BEAUTIFUL MISTAKE dang it!
In bed: replaying conversations in ur head. In shower: rehearsing conversations in ur head. In person: speechless
I saw when you was talking about this wanted to ask but I know it's a touchy subject
“: is 30 seconds too long? wrote something up and its about 30 seconds.” that's perfect!!
had some crazily real dreams about last night....
who's signing?
RT : I just got to go play with robots with science fiction writer Robert Sawyer.
They left Chalmers open like this bitch ain't making shit lol
Great, gotta go to the doctors tomorrow to see how my ribs are. # :/
Thanks for the S/O!
The yellow line is super close to the touchdown line
The DMV is a crazy place. Lmbo & these ppl!!!
StratML Part 1 was recently submitted to ISO TC 171 for consideration as an international standard.
Lilys. This is why I like radio
With the right people by my side anything is possible
Happy birthday ! :)
so when can I go bet on horses while sticking a 20 into a slot machi...oh. crap
Love the word Kerfuffle. Don't think it's used enough in every day speech & major literary works. We need a National Kerfuffle Day.
Thank you, hope you had a great weekend! RT : true, i got it, thanks for your time
Happy International Women's Day! Great young women's event in Point Loma.
I'll remember this day forever!
SAT word of the day: contrite (adj.) penitent, eager to be forgiven
Our services speak 4 themself. Can u do a conf call tomorrow? Email us @ #THF We are now Worldwide.
your beautiful!<U+2665> xx
Yard work with my Dad--this takes me back!
my mom did that to my poems cause she knew it would b the best way to hurt me. she has disowned me now.
ha! Your pic is hilarious!
lmfao, someones living on the edge...
Farewell, Seattle. Goodnight,
NNNNNOOOOO #GabeCarimi to the Bears!! Damn it!!
It just is...I wish I could close it back up. I've tried so hard to. I shouldn't never re-open it to love...never again
Beautiful weather this weekend in #California. There is sunshine on the beaches and warm weather to get everyone outside.
Walked 2.76 today. Wing still jacked.
claims this is worse collection of players than saw the floor most of last year. Don't know I agree. Still, pretty ugly.
why, do you have a 38 S&W?
imma have to get some of that
We usually play at 8 on the tour. So figure doors at 7 and we play 8. I'll put u on list
Cece sing that song
Sounds like the good ol' days.
OMG I got my tickets to see you in Chicago. I'm so excited I've loved you guys for over a year here in the USA
basically it's all your fault
Where to go for lunch. Today.
that works too.
they do, but it doesn't mean I have to like doing them. :)
Come in and try our lunch torta special! Carne asada topped with black bean salsa, avocado mousse, and cotija cheese. Served with a...
Good luck!!!
La la la la Wait till I get my money right
I learned that everyone is beautiful from thanks girl!:)
MUSES: I just figured out I have a new quirk! if I am tipsy I want to CLEAN everything! So hurry home and start with the kitchen! LOL! NOT.
Those two aren't at all alike. And that seems like something you read an agreed with more than something you really felt.
I know I just did random ones haha
So will I. Believe me. But thank you! (:
hm. Good, been better, but good. :)
why thank you pretty lady c:
Ham Sandwich RT : Guess what I'm eating
Would love to have you on to discuss your piece.
Studying all week. Then BREAK .... Yes :D Can't wait.
Hello Jersey Shore
Claim your blessings. Don't let the voice of the devil make you change what you want or accept less than you deserve.
HOLIDAY FASHION TIP: Patterned & sparkled tights with a LBD makes a perfect holiday ensemble.
Im soo happy for you!! xoxo i really wish he would follow me it would mean everything plz ask him to follow me:]
Love you on Wipeout. How about a retweet?
": That awkward moment when you have to make up an excuse to not hang out with someone because you'd rather chill at home."
Wow! Sagan is impressive.
True story “: That awkward moment, when you go to grab somebody sexy and tell them HEY! But your hand hits the mirror..”
Congrats on a solid series. Keep doing your thing. Curious being from NJ are you a big Devils fan?
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA AND #Antonio DUDE CHECK YO TEXTS
Thanks Holli and Michael from Playboy Radio "Swing" for having us on air today! We had a great time! Listen to "Swing" on Sirius102/XM 102.
The City is hot today me like!
I usually store all my random thoughts on twitter. I'm a few days behind. I will dispense of them now.
RT : Don't settle
yes- NBC 33 Facebook page and on their website;)
“: Wowza! That's why you have the canons and I the .50 caliber...”. I think the 50cals are ready for battle anytime!
You and Damien Marley make a great duo.
Several more hours of work to go. I'll spice it up with some red wine! I'm thinking a Malbec.
I drink deer blood with my sausage biscuits...
Waiting to get pick up to go to the movies.
That one is my favorite but the mango-filled Tang-topped is a close runner up.
Good morning and happy Friday to you all!
I'm craving chocolate strawberries!
we're looking for an outdoor kitty. I saw one named morti. So cute!
Its getting better
I would like to see the Help & Viola get one.
duhh he does ;)
Good night! Thanks! I'm gonna try not to! :)
You gotta love those Chronicle ledes.
Off to dunks and to stand in a line for HOURS! you ready?!!!
yeah i wish add me
Since you asked, I'll let you know. The reason Oscar is so grouchy is because he's unemployed and lives in a trash. You'd be grouchy too.
now I have to get back on it...
Hi sorry for the absence dad still in ICU getting things fixed on the farm in Mo. got the creek fixed so we can cross in the car.
The droid that u have is the 1 jason had when him n ness started the droid/iphone war that they have goin on! Lol
top 3 mid May, winner announced May 28 on Xtra Frame live from Summer Shootout in Chicago
Tried. They asked me if I was waiting for Ingmar Bergman. Apparently my Cool Irony comes across as Patient Sorrow.
Today 1953: Milwaukee Braves official debut in Milwaukee at County Stadium beating the Cardinals 3-2 in 10 innings.
Do you know of any similar films happening in the US?
Why did the boy become an astronaut ?Because he was no earthly good !
Cant believe i got overly drunk last night...lol
A sign of business maturity is learning to delay pleasure. Think about it.
GOD gives us opportunities but it is up to us to make the most of them!!! Take nothing for granted!!
so if we do a colab shirt with Love Translates clothing who's gonna pick one up!?
Here we go. Looks like we'll be homeless for about three months beginning June 8th. Any StL peeps need house sitters in June or July?
Interested in going Kayaking on the Potomac this Saturday? The offer today means we'll have to get there early!!
Quick: The Lorax or Friends with Kids?
Which jazz bassoonist did you discover?
Golfing with the fam :)
Thanks for signing up with ZoomShift. If there is anything we can do to help you out please don't hesitate to contact us.
GM. We r looking 4 sales people that know what it takes 2 seal the deal all over. Get $100 sale send inquiry 2
RT : AND margaritas...cheers! :) “: #FF : She was our very first follower on Twitter and loves Mexican food!” Ajua! ;)
Did you know ?A National Centenary Task Team (NCTT) was formed whilst in all the Provinces and Regions to aid with year long
I know damnit it sucks.
Busy Friday for me / spinning at boiller room then libra loungee
How cool are you kids - amazing...
Miami Beach earlier, Calle Ocho now, later...
oh honey, welcome to my world.
CMON UP TWITTER IN THE NEXT 12 MINUTES!!!!!!
Ainge was college player of the year?
no worries!
I miss you too! when yu get off?
You look awful
What happens after I tell you “I like you”?
i guess this is fail all the tests you can week for me.
I just want my mother to be alright
Black ghetto gay males are messy af, messier than these females. haha
i have but you still love me when i ignore you
Then after the #Smackoff you need to listen to
God only gives three answers to prayer: 1. 'Yes!' 2. 'Not yet.' 3. 'I have something better in mind.
while i dont mind not having a phone for a day now i gotta catch up on calls, txts, and notifications.
You can"t turn a hoe into a house wife and You can't turn a bitter bitch into a girlfriend
#ToyotaAztecTriviaTime: In honor of the Women's Bball team's victory today, how many total rebounds did the #Aztecs have? Include hashtag
hey XD sorry for not coming back. I was tired
Congrats on defying on the odds and becoming only the fourth champion to survive the elimination chamber...
there's an Ollie's Bargain Outlet on Dixie Hwy. I think it's like a TJ Maxx for auto parts and leftover holiday merchandise
people who dont take the past with em are doomed to repeat it... Hm...
My cousin just ran into my boyfriend n the rest if the iconic boyz at longbranch!! She's soo lucky but nicks mine soo
thanks cutie I love you lots sweet dreams
Good luck!
Still love the soundtrack though!
count me in!!!“: dude - we need to hang out. It's been way too long -”
Good morning world I'm sitting in traffic thinking positive thoughts
HEY GUYS! DONT FORGET TO DO THE INFINITY NIALLER THING TOMORROW! K? K.
Sure was lol good times
The challenges on pt1 of finale were über lame! Sushi bingo? Seriously?
Everything in my car is rattling. I'm not sure if I want this to be an earthquake or bad struts.
eek. Glad I changed channels - My Strange Addiction
so Obama is guilty of plagiarism? is there no crime he won't commit? /sarcasm
The Descendants will take Adapted Screenplay, because it won't win Best Picture.
Oh, I'm here in our Nation's cap. Pretty bad when you have to hang Georgetown NCAA banners from the rafters.
I feel like Coach Norman Dale driving through KS right now, thinking about the smaller town and my future in it!
Beautiful day for a sail
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is to just blow up twitter.
And this is why I'm not a fan of cats. The end.
Gregg Williams should receive a lifetime ban from the NFL.
MADISON OMG
Nice morning stroll to my house fucking Australians
you won't?
today marks the 4th anniversary of and i love you
what about alternates/combat or throwbacks??????
Both the and the are keeping me up late with 3rd OT in one game and inning 15 in the other.
Change Is Apart Of My Life... Don't Change Me To Be Apart Of Your Life...
hope you are staying cool! good thing Austin indoors are well blasted with AC!
#favoriteoldschoolartists The Four Tops, The Jackson 5, Chaka Khan, Stevie Wonder, The Spinners, The Whispers, Marvin Gaye, Gladys Knight
What's up
fine and u?:D
Michele Bachman is terrible candidate America
Strive for progress, not perfection.
What's your fav flavor?! RT “: Love my #mix1 drink after a run #totesamaze :-)”
I hate car shopping... now I gotta figure my stuff out
I could not be happier that this school year is ending soon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
"She say I'm Cocky, I say that's Not me. She call me "Papi" and I say "Ben aqui""
your bracket is busted!!!
Happy Easter!! Love your family!
Got out of class an hour early! Heck yeah!
Home sweet home yeEeeeee!
I can't wait to see it!
sorry they are using thomas jones :(
Oh, Mockingjay...wow.
get some sesame chicken.
can't stop watching Somebody That I Used To Know cover! its so perfect <3
I need to spend more time reviewing XKCD- I think it'll help my draw something performance
RT Currently DYING at the library from someones wretched body odor with SMELLY NASTY NERDS ALL AROUND US.
thanks for the feedback man... yea, I'm only puttin like 5 hours into these remixes..not like sometimes days on our tracks.
" I don't need your stupid ship"
Winning feels even better with these super soft, new fabrics for our Game Day Apparel! Come by and see what we've just go in!
lol u got me on that one
If I see the hoodied cick in booty shorts. I wont notice the ugly boots ! Belive that ! :)
Requested May 26 off and June 1
Don't look so thrilled Arch.
is so dissapointed his real self dustin hanna wasn't cast as a fujifilm greeter for tomorrow
russell wilson is my sloan
Brent Albright is backstage. He wants Kurrgan to know that they have some unfinished business together. He wants a match next week.
today was so emotional .
I shot photos for and now they're famous. Check out their music and dance your ass off! They're good dudes!
Sex is easy to get, relationships are hard. Good sex in a fruitful relationships that's a #Taurus-es master quality.
Okay, I'll stop now, but read the news if you want to know more sad things!
#PackerNation is counting on that. #SLTP bring home that trophy!
so tired can't wait til I get in my bed I skipped nap time today<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#thevoice good show! Like the new twist.
#LAKERS get the last shot!!
sup? I wanna be a porn star
Erickson credited Macias with heads up baserunning. He was interfered with rounding second, would've been awarded third. (more)
thanks, definitely. One more to go today...
TY so much for the heads up on the Lady Dior palette...just ordered mine!
There are so many great gift ideas for the holidays, but this year try something unique & special, at Found on Fremont.
Teflon Craftsman Workwear Review and a $50 Sears Gift Card Giveaway on : bit.ly/soYZsH
Exploring our emotional wellness from a place of practicality (how we really feel on a daily basis) and desirability (how we really want...
Don't be afraid to tweet me questions I love talking to my followers :*
the best graphic designer just now left with the ideas to summon the cover of "Manga Books and Arcade Tokens" and now the engineer is here!
Ha, yeah. Especially since it was parked. I swear, that chick was such a dumb driver. Why speed on a 1 way street?
I don't know who I'd rather the Panthers face. Flyers or Sens. Both will be incredibly tough to beat. I kinda wanted the Bruins.
It was a packed house tonight For American Bandstand night. Next week is Guest night 2 for 1 special.
Thanks for the #FF!
if only we could all be as good as you the world would be 100% no better!
None needed. Hope it was a good trip.
Hey the greatest aka MJ said it himself: "Greatness is measured by rings."
The World will always love you Whitney!!!
By popular request () TwitterTeam taking suggestions for events to #livetweet. Thoughtful responses only, please
you should check us out, I came up with the app after my house was broken into!
Golf Realty Network Internet Radio starts on Oct. 5th. Just Golf, Real Estate, and the Lifestyle. No Scores, No Tournaments.
hmm even though my library won't? I'm pretty sure we don't send our AV stuff out and about. >.<
Hahah. Sorryy, no new stuff going on with me. Thank God. I've had enough entertainment for the rest of my life
SUCCESS KILLS EVERYTHING... A MESSAGE FROM STARBOYSTUDIOS
no can do with me. just hoping to be able to catch more home games than the one last year (#BedlingtonCup)
..what a week!
Our thanks to the amazing Scott Illingworth for some great workshops the last two days at I.R.T!
Under 25% of students aged 16-24 volunteered even once.
Worth considering. If nature, then it's a dice roll. If nurture, does the institution nurture healthy practice?
I have no qualms about using my vehicle as a weapon.
MVP Ryan Braun tests positive for performance enhancement drugs and high levels of douche.
":As expected, Roy Hibbert got the least media attention of all All-Stars. He entered the room taping with a camera"
Don't Let The Hand Youu Hold , Hold Youu Back!
« -____- lol not you too smh “ is a MACK DADDY I see lmao”»
For every dark night, there's a brighter day
being so productive today
Birthdays was the worst days, now we sip champagne when we thirstay.
RT : Time to go meet my crew. Let's keep building.
Thanks for the shout out! I always wondered about that place...
Guys should learn from Mario,no matter where his princesses is he'll still look for her
Of course the one match I want to see on #SurvialSunday is not being aired in the states.
So true. RT : Weather is finally nice outside which means the newsroom is now FREEZING.
if you are a baseball player you are automatically more attractive <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I want to give Duffy the benefit of the doubt because of the wet ball but a walk per inning is no bueno.
The lightheadedness I feel from needing to eat dinner is propelling me to grade faster. New strategy?
Ah! Hi! Happy mothers dayy :D
I dont play any two suited cards. I play any two non suited cards. That way I am drawing at two different flushes.
when you're not friends with someone anymore and you awkwardly pass in an empty hallway...
#BeTheOne~Respected~when you care about being liked UR willing to compromise on beliefs & convictions & don't stand for anything
#WECelebrate- Congratulations to our own Patti Massey, Woman of the Year - Entrepreneur category - we're so excited!!
great to hear! :)
Moving to Logan Circle...adios, Cleveland Park!!
Q4) LD measures at the impact level have 2 be reported by each initiative. There can't be one set of measures that work for all.
Can it be March 23rd already?
It's a great contrast to have the oversized coats paired with skinny trousers
#Titans draft WR Kendall Wright with the 20th pick in the
Amazing way to take the tour into your own hands. Happy to see Cadel finally win it.
#goaltending will be the key to victory tonight. #GoAvsGo!
(FACT) The first inter-league game was played on June 12, 1997 the Texas Rangers hosted the San Francisco Giants
:D Im good and still freak out! =3. xD
Detroit Loins owner W. Ford announces Detroit Lions are hereafter to be known as Detroit Loins.
I need a video for "All About You"! Who do I need to call/text/tweet/facebook/instagram/send smoke signal/etc??
that's a classic 3000 song!
Good morning Boston! How are you today?
RT : BREAKING -- Punxsutawney Phil sees his shadow; predicts 6 more weeks of winter
Thanks for following us!
Including visual time cues, like a countdown timer within the body of your #email will provide customers with a realistic sense of urgency.
I've got a question: Did Amy Carter ever answer that question on nuclear proliferation? Maybe thats the real problem...
Yay ... Almost done with Evidence for the day! I can't WAIT!
I'm no captain save a hoe... I just like helping women in relationships who have been in a rut... Theres a difference
#dsoc #sla2011 emerging markets contain 84% of world's population - dsoc need to know forum
Thanks Don for the +K on Klout! Sorry so late about getting back to you!
We find you comforting RT : I find comfort food to be comforting
cheers. Enjoy frisco
Sorry, been really swamped. I will let you know when I'm free.
Hodgepodge of tv today. Football, Tigers/Yankees, Ken Burns "Prohibition", more football, and Cardinals/Phillies. Now time for bed.
I hate ISD!
Great quotes from tonight: I like sucky Dirk. And: Joey Crawford looks like the crazy guy from Six Flags commercials.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 87
Our junior designer just announced that she doesn't know who Dick Clark is. Also: "Who's George Harrison?"
That show definitely rocked, if you didnt go you missed out.
Nice try :)
Underneath my guard and the walls I've built to protect my self there is a "down ass chick "waiting for a "keep it real ass nigga" .
Thanks very much. Our pharmacy has been here 81 years; we've owned last 55 years. Some things never change, we hope.
I feel for ya Travolta, a Hooters server once claimed I was "coming on too strong." Service industry types will do anything for a payday.
Baby cakes <3
SAME HERE #CHEAA RT : Wish I could be there
Wellcome all to tonights #revideo chat - Topic Filmmaking equipment
Just got home. #Bowling was awesome !
so which lucky place are u celebrating ur bday at?
Follow the flag, my friends.
Hiking for Hospice Simcoe
BEAT DA PUSSY UP LIKE IT OWES U MONEY
Whoops - now the truth is out there in the universe - Know Thyself!
Got my new Sounders Scarf and bringing the daughter to the soccer game tomorrow. Any other mom's going?
Bang 'em outta there, Brewers!
got an ipad yesterday!
JOE PUG, BALIFF, JARED KOLESAR & THE LOCALS! TONIGHT via
Cabin in the Woods was great. When will this Joss Whedon associated cleverness end?
"that brick, that fucking brick slips, slides, falls. Lookit them goats in churches, fucking bricks."
We have $2 Tecate & PBR 24 oz cans all day, every day! Or maybe you would like 2 long island ice teas for $7........$3 Tequila Shots!
When I eat every one eats , but don't make it so I'm feeding you . Words from a true hustla
Seriously error 3003, I just want to play Diablo
you are very welcome! Hope others enjoy your pieces too:)
Hello #LA, the duo will be playing lounge on 4/1 - this Sunday. Come out and show some support.
you're telling me i'm going to jail becuz i have a Twitter account...but you threaten me???
I LOVE YOU CARLALADY!!! <3 AND MISS YOU C':
Guess you probably don't need paleontologists since the animals we work on are already extinct... ;)
I wrote an annotation for Capitol Choices, but I don't think I was included in the committee list. Oops. School got in the way of meetings.
My favorite songs are the ones where the singer exclaims "yeah!" at some point.
Have you watched our new web show yet? You should. www.terriblepeopleshow.com
It isn't exactly clear to be honest, but I have 4 phones that I didn't order. Miss you too! Will DM you about connecting.
?OTD - What do you need to do to start living up to your fullest potential?
#like RT I see sunshine!!!
Is there a more overrated event than Derby?
happy belated egg day ;)
can't wait to see you March 31st!
I don't think I can go to school Wednesday...Im gonna be way to excited! lol
National Night Out is going on across many communities in the area.
A really good BLT and shared some fries with my daughter (she had her own BLT). :-)
enjoy the vaykay!
Even individuals need to develop a brand for themselves .... Whatever your area of expertise, you can take steps to make people think of...
RT : Free #AtosOrigin 100 days to go Olympic Pin: What #AtosOrigin employee was featured in the latest #CIOMagazine?
gross. Your poor eyes
#oomf be on pure bs we was pose to been got up smh
I hope today's class will be chill I'm not trying to do a lot
I think it competes with Zotero's strengths -- but it also shares many of Zotero's weaknesses. I can send you a ppt if you want!
Pretty sure nothing makes me more stabby than dealing with health insurance. No such thing as a simple answer
Liberals aren't socialists. They're liberals.
Fortune favors the bold.
srry buddy, not my type ;o
Welp I know what I'm doing all day.
Delectably! Perfect pairing with the coconut rice. Loving February in
#SNL #SethMyers - Really funny skit Kristen Wiig #Flirting & Alec Baldwin > American Airlines Apology not.....
“: if someone would tweet me id make me happy” hey
“: I need to start running outside!” Have you run outside b4?
#KSsynapse E.Scott: Using zebrafish to study cerebellar motor circuits. Optogenetics easy here b/c transparent animal = easy light delivery.
Rush Limbad didn't just cross the line, he swan dived over it and splattered into an empty swimming pool. Shameful.
RT : VOTE TOMORROW.
": Shout out to my sister for these cheddar biscuit" from red lobster?
You are welcome We hope you will join us 5/24 for another creative conversation. More details to come soon!
hmm nah (; you know i love you more so dont even try to beat me haha aaw remember our family me and you jason and angie oww
Ugh so annoying -.-
Ugh. So miserable today. Why couldn't this crap happen while I was unemployed.
Just moved my aunt's car...
I need a #sessionbeerday partner.
That wasn't a storm we had tonight! It was just mother nature PMSing
All in all, I'd say I was productive today. That's also not taking into account that IE derped as I was writing, forcing me to start over
Anxiously awaiting my internship placement for the spring semester...
#browdown is just a joke...#BBN is what trends b4 & after every UK game...that what ul tried unsuccessfully to do last night
you welcome, thats new hairstyle? nice :))
TWO BAD BITCHES, AT THE SAME DAMN TIME..
No competition, just point of information. ;-)
just made me cry!!
I'm use to not being good enough.
Coming Friday: Johnny Depp brilliant as Barnabas Collins. What can't this guy do?
It's national sibling day and my lil man is abazillion miles away :(
Woop! Thank you!
All-nighter?! i get up to go to the bathroom and then the dog wakes up..... Nice haha
Once again, my inefficient mosquito prevention methods make me wake at an ungodly hour and write. Don't worry, no malaria or dengue here.
#ItSeemsLike Our boys in our generation be on some scary shit like use guns.what happened into your fist being yo weapons?
Happy Fat Tuesday.
Look it up. PETA ruins everything.
so can I come stay with you In la soon
SIR, YES, SIR!
way to seize your opportunity this year. Great coaching and great team! Was fun seeing your team play and win.
|| Whats up..not sure when I'll be back in DC but open to come... What did you have in mind w/ the school?
MUCH appreciated! Big things coming out of Colorado and couldn't be more excited to get this thing started ;)
lulz - because a #republicrat in blue is so different from one in red...
RT : We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future. - George Bernard Shaw
Sorry for the late response, twitter was down earlier. There was an auto accident with a fatality.
Making jello beans!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Heading down to AC after work to celebrate Daddy's Bday. Dinner at Chelsea Prime Happy Birthday Daddy! Love u. XO
Just saw a Lamborghini Gallardo race a Porsche 911 in a tunnel! So awesome.
Retweet via Get hyped for 's Zilker Park performance happening in two months by checking his last performance in town
It's hot in here!
if I showed up that might even things out...
Are you a Surger...Or, Are you a Merger?
Are you just in geek heaven?
I'll be cheering for the Rangers rest of the way. DC is my hometown, but I chose NYC for a reason. Congrats Rangers, earned it tonight.
So excited!!
hacking the news panel about to start #sxswi. the computer language of the programmer meets the press. prepare for nervous laughter
Yeah I saw him last month!
will do lol
Absolutely... problem is he's so logical that he doesn't get enough attention. These days, sanity and logic are ignored.
The equivalent winning streak for the Royals would be 35-0.
Hmm. That's a possibility... I'll talk to you this week about it.
Dr. Kenneth Moss: are you living your mission statement?
Kristina Leinwand named outstanding student at Adelante Healthcare at
What would you name your horse? Me? "Wobbly McTrippy", "Jockey Crusher", "Speed Freak", "Drive-Thru", "Pippa's Bigwheel".
I think I'm going to go to Tres de Mayo, too.
People buy twitter followers? That's like paying someone to hang out at the lunch table with you. Awkward.
You're bringing the bouqets, too, we hope.
when are you back in KC?
Predominantly inattentive type ADD is often overlooked.
not at this time, but thanks for thinking of us!
Your Thesis title is much more intriguing than mine. Cool of you to share it as well. Congrats!
when people tell me that i have picked an awesome lotion for them and help them the best i can and say thanks .... make my day!
tired as a mothafucka
Margaritas at the Rose Bowl tailgating for the spring game... #TakeThatFrench!
#QRCodes are easy to create. Add a VCard-it's complicated. Version (2, 3 or 4? Which reader works? Need help?
You must've been on hallucinogenics ... underrated for how evil his old fat ass is.
You'll have to wait for Howie to get his interview to find out!
- I have my sources. Haha. Check out the Facebook Group called Survivor Whispers! Jonathan Penner is also returning next season
looks like at 5:30 in front of registration.
I miss my ex roomate;(
If it doesn't break your heart it isn't love, if it doesn't breske your heart its not enough - Switchfoot
Pardon us, we're experiencing some API slowdowns at the moment. We'll let you know when things are up to real time again. MR
We are either getting Anthony Bennett, or he wasn't ready to lose 10K Twitter followers.
Does anybody know where I can find a running shoe store in San Antonio that will actually help you find the right running shoe for you??
You must be a big fan of cheese...I never knew:)
and that's racism on either side of the fence,people are people without them we couldn't live.
Haha! Novel concept, right? RT What do you mean 10 minutes to myself?
#Salute to Jerry Sloan. One of #basketballs coaching greats. It was a great run.
lol I love when that happens!
If I didn't already have a job I'd work for you! You're one of the best cc/
Car battery died! UGH!!
Hansons fg attempt looked a bit like your golf swing.
I can't even blame the iphone for that one.
On Sunday April 1st, Gabby Brianna will be in Washington DC. Please come out if you want to meet her and take pictures/autographs.
Okay d;
- since you say gov''t doesn't create jobs, why are you asking for a 250% increase for corporate welfare?
Today, that kid who's been making a lot of noise down in the minors will be on the mound for the Yanks, Andy Pettitte.
Saw you. Wanted to jump in.
We really should be roommates. LOL. DO NOT let me out of traffic school this week. No matter what I say.
Those newspaper kids just HAD to call me out of class today. merp. I'm bumming and feeling like crap.
For the 2nd time in less than two years, house leaks have destroyed my comic book collection- in different rooms no less. Supervillan plot?!
Can't wait to be off work. -.-
your soul is haunting me and telling me. that everything is fine.......
Well hello.....
That pic needs a caption about shoplifting colostomy bags.
about an hour to kill before heading to a soul collage class. Might as well get
RT : "Stand up and walk out of your history." ~ Phil McGraw
This kid is on point with the math skills
i remember the good old days with white zombie and pantera at summerfest..what a shame theres no good hard rock this year at the marcus.
Who's going to play Charlie - Ivy or Karen???
I won't be impressed with technology until I can Download food. Lol.
Yeah you rite! RT : Looovvving my new wardrobe. I looked pretty stylish today at :-)
Just heard traded Franscisco for a pitcher. Therefore I'm assuming that Franscisco is a belly itcher.
Black Keys Sinister Kid!
Listener Q: will new conservative U-T owners bury #occupysd coverage? Journos: probably not. From meeting.
Thanks for the follows
Happy Mother's Day!
Even a true artist does not always produce art. ~Carroll O'Connor
she's my future wife ;)
RIP Donna Summer --we loved your songs and will never forget you!
Yeah, I read all about it in the Chicago Tribune >>If you aren't talented enough to work there, at least you try reading it
sam johnson1709-1784 the chains of habit are too weak to be felt until they are too str0ng to be broken.
left for you. I already graduated at the ending of march. Ahaha. School.must really suck komally
wowww that's crazy!
Your heart have anything good to share? RT: When your heart speaks, take good notes.
#beforeigotsaved i was a professional at cursing.
stop on down to the Madison area after for a beer with my golf league buddies and I! I'll buy you a
RT : "When you're creating your own shit, even the sky ain't the limit." Miles Davis
Checking out the NFL experience today with my daughter.
Yup-clearly designed by engineers. RT : I hate SharePoint with the fire of 1000 suns. Lots of features, impossible to use.
I do not understand some people..
Where is the Atari Baby cover that a dozen artists should have covered by now?
That's cool. What got you interested in this field?
I was a fool for thinking that things would be better this time.
1 more minute AH
tragic as they s tole cash and computers of this noble school
#SillyOfMeToThink That She Was real : )))
I love honest fans ...I mean why Lie right?
Hazelnut coffee is one of the main reasons I wake up on time for work every morning
Yeah, It's a good link..I use it to watch CurrentTV. They have some good & interesting programs on there. Cheers!
Congrats on the music! I'll be able to say I knew you when.
that is amazing! :) i love that
If I ever become needy or demanding please feel free to slap me in the face
I get so annoyed when noisy airheaded girls come on the train
Cant wait for Summer <3
Invite Sara Niemietz back!! Or, invite Madilyn Bailey, or Jess Moskaluke on the show!
when/where is the turkey trot?
Glad to see the VinylCasts are landing in peoples mailboxes. Can't wait to get mine. Thanks for the hard work guys, especially Q
Had a great time in New Orleans speaking for yesterday. Thank you for having me!
Send Congratulations from the Redford MI Jaycees!
Scrabble, homemade spring rolls and wontons, and removing Grandma's moles as a family project. Yes, really. Just another Thanksgiving day.
The first week of December our club is going on a wine tour
Further, if I'm an internet bully, how is it that I was the one repeatedly shouted down?
. just told me about a bug and I told him to Radar or I don't want to hear it. I'm practicing!
rocked out to third eye blind on the way to work this morning. It's going to be a good Monday! ;-)
Chris Young talks about his new album, NEON, and going on tour with Jason Aldean, in Artist Audio this week! Up now on #productionvault!
Brush up on your skills at this Art Gallery! Shauna shows off her creative side at the Oakland Museum of California, Sun (2/27/11) @ 6:30pm.
And JUST LIKE THAT I'm back on board as a #Bucks fan!!!
Hey ....thanks for feeding the us the goods ... new Bunz blew us away...thanks crew
Thanks for the follow Andrew - hope all is well. None of us have any musical talent...besides the recorder :)
"Indiana is now leading the nation in providing minority students access to advanced placement classes.”
T-minus 1.5 hrs away from the ! Cruise on down to Sam Houston Park at 1100 Bagby at 3pm today if you wanna ride!
All these damn movies about love can really make you yearn for it.
I wasn't trying to fudge him into the Hall. Perhaps you cld help me insure what I am tweeting is correct he deserves it
I'll be out of town on the 16th - long weekend! - but thank you for the invite!
how much did u get?
I already feel small
dude where the hell did last week go?
Actually, it's the Barnard earrings we'll be needing. It is the crown restyled as a tiara. <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00B1>
Hello Reno
Free show at tonight. String band, the Barley Brothers takes the stage at 7:30.
check out the Jambazi/walapit events page. They're dope!
No problem :) Hope you're enjoying your "vacation"!
Defiance is funny :) RT Im no longer an Aries, Im a Pisces... :O stupid Earth You aint supposed to wobble!
CA has 9 of the top 10 cities with dirtiest air (ozone) - Jared Blumenfeld EPA.
I love you love you LOVE YOU:)))
had a visitor at last night's game. So, hopefully he'll sign before the game today.
"A rising tide floats all boats" seems more felicitous than "raises all boats," no? Even though the boats are floating anyway, presumably.
Our 2012 Oscar snack is "Tinker Tailor Soldier Fries." They're loaded...with suspense!
#givebackDetroit MT : needs helpers 4 Social Media Team. Who can help?
Just told that Indiana is high priority!
already on fire!
If you keep responding with "Crystal" after someone asks you "Are we Clear?" - Please, stop doing that. It's lame. Signed, Everyone
GO2 oDESK and apply for the jobs available in the field of entertainment with P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS an d P IMAGE
museums must share & educate AND preserve
thank u......were do u live
For sportsmen, tourists, and others who spend their time in the open air, #Mastiff cut plug smoking tobacco is absolutely the best.
Weather improving in Belgium since we arrived...thank goodness!
11:11 IS MY FAVORITE SONG!!! I LISTENED TO IT ALL DAY!!<3
There are so many other things I'd rather be doing than going to my job today.
This has been one of the more terrible nights of my life.
Let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change. -Lord Tennyson
#Mavs-#Heat, again ... dumbest basketball fans in the country on both sides.
Quick breakfast with at !
maybe replace "work ethic" with "willingness to get things done"
Today the Heat start 2-0
Well, Wilbon says re: Lawrie "I would have done the same thing" Wowsers.
Thanks for including me in your Daily News. Good stories today.
Steve Papa of Endeca #SVBCEO "Because it was the Internet Bubble, it took 3 days to raise $1.5 million".
Sorry Aaron. I thought you would understand. That kinda sucks. :/
got jameer nelsons autograph yesterday~!!! i feel acomplished .!!!! the all-star jam session , i love you !~
RT : I'm cheering from the baseball fields! Keep me posted. / we are down 4 at the half 23-19.
Announcing Fresh's Social Media Day, Saturday, March 3rd at CenturyLink Events Center: fb.me/HGlxfvuN
Congrats to Robyn Bagwell she won the trip to Miami!!!
#BGCREunion Pop Off Pop Off!!
You say you want me to tell you about who I like but when I do its like you don't care. But if you told me your problems I be there for you.
RT : Nights like this make me love my neighbors!
So tired. I don't want to go to school tomorrow!
i dont like chocolate milk, i will try that with a cup of tea though.
are you working tonight for Greg? I need a golden ticket seat Monday. I'm a trucker passing through from TX to FL.
That yellow on is amazing.
I am in need of buying a car...even if I may only use it for a couple of months.
Can't wait to see your son with the Ducks over the next few yrs....
**Trying** to write abt users' relationships w/ discovery services as against their relationships w/the library.
RT So I really wanna go to that Mass Soul Train line in Time Square at 4pm.
Did the #Hawks show up, or did they send in the local high school team?
Im not sure why #nancygrace assumes #whitney was murdered??? Wtf?
Any success stories of server-side rendering with #OSGi? Any good frameworks to consider? Current options seem... forced.
That's the irony, I literally just took the otter box off bc I wanted to play with the phone as is.
We all had a wonderful time last night at the Edgar Awards!
i've found it very hard to reason with anyone named Irene...go figure.
Ben and Jerry are some of my favourite peeps.
I hate when people use that word!!
Business casual profile photo? Does such a personal presentaion promote your brand? It seems risky to me: all downside in the image game.
Crushing On Some1 You Know You Can Never Have /.:
Wait, you're not still an undergrad? I could have sworn you were.
Ticket Oak is freaking creepy
Eating.. On The Way Out East!
My hair is A mess!
is hiring! Musts: strong retail experience, an eye for creative merchandising & a love of libraries. Tweet them!
JSYK, Nice is nice, but that is not how the city's name is pronounced. ;-)
is gorgeous in her avi.
And by the by if I sound like a mom [heaven help me] ...it's by accident. Although I do get practice with my cats.*S*
It's time to plan a vacation.
That guy is a joke
being addressed as sweetie and sugar by random men really grating on my nerves.
The Little House?
hello. I love you/
ok :) hope u get them done so fast it seems like u did nothing :)
Omg i hate to sound pushy...
Lol got nothing to say? Aww that's too bad cause you liked to work that mouth before I called you on bull
My brother is so mean to me
Ahh substitute teachers, how clueless you are...
Don't listen to music when running (except during 1/2s bc need the help.) Weird how music u would not listen to can become your friend.
You are so pretty!! :)
#FAIL. Other fail was not calling me to play Just Dance! wah.
Whoa! lol RT : Went from ashy to classy- isn't it funny Biggie's death falls on Ash Wednesday.
G.M.N.I.: Has that baby kicked your ass yet ?
do you know any effective programs to help reduce loneliness in teens with #autism?
follow me then
Thought u was a bad bitch I was wrong
haha thanks no more tweets to me #twitteroff babe<333333
Walking my dog Truman and whipping my hair back and forth. It's NFL Sunday, go #Ravens!
Sent! Thanks.
#becauseofjustin i yell at my friends BELIEB when they say believe. (:
Cinco de mayo is my favorite day of the year, and it's Saturday, and everyone will be at derby while I'm working. Oh well
Happy Thanksgiving in 2010!
Why is it alsoo so cold on the bus
We Launch our KickStarted video tomorrow. Go to the Site and check it out.
Bitches going to be getting fucked tonight
omg. I never did anything to you! Your just like crazy!
Long wait for beard maintenance. Should have made an appointment.
omg im watching a scary movie and im about to scream its soo scary!!!:0
In New Mexico, says , there is a law forbidding homosexual partners from marrying—but there are no laws against raping animals.
My dad seriously just made and I's night. What an awesome guy. Lol
This news is just disappointing... strictly my opinion based on my personal knowledge of ‘s character is all.
i'm on Tweet Limit x) :)ILYShawty<3
Ok I'm officially hooked on twitter y am I always so late , mattr fact I'm good on fb :)
What happened to Wade yesterday? Don't think I forgot!!!!!
Go head wit all of dat
They come, they come to build a wall between us....
Love that quote. Reminds me of her essay on Lakewood.
#ThingsIwantTheMost to wrestle again
Avatar Aang is also a vegetarian. Yeah, cool. I know. (:.
Our pleasure. As you know we are passionate about accessibility
Thanks for Following :)
The next time comes out to Cali he should have me shoot something for him!
Ugh. Can't wait until baseball season so we have #WI sports on almost every night.
he will get over it. Hes a mommas boy
We better see this kid.
Imagine how it would feel if you were preparing for the most exciting week of your life. What would you be preparing for?
you should see 's fantasy setup. 90 moves max, no waivers.cokin was picking up guys at 11:58 new years eve. Maniacs!
omg can't wait
Seriously mom make up your mind.
we looking at a trap game tonight fellas??
can I get you to look at my site? I am a baseball artist- another good gift for a baseball fan :) unforgettaballs.com
Car iPod on random and Will2k just came on, reminding me I did, in fact, have a sense of humor in 99.
umm...i'm just guessing haha x) hope it's true
NOW they have Yoga when I've moved far far away (and by that I mean to NE)
Hope you <3 it!
that was gonna be my guess you didnt let us guess u just told us the answer
...if C's, Heat & Lakers ALL lose in round 2, the riders gonna start rocking that shade of Thunder blue...
Its a grown man retard thing
U mirin? follow him!
Very exciting, Jean! Good luck!
Tons! Will DM you some links.
Holy Cow!!!
Agreed!! Big improvement. ": car looks great team 10!"
Excel Macros! Haven't touched #VB since my rookie days at
haha for batman!?
Funny. I get the same feeling when I think about him. "Santorum says Separation Of Church And State Makes Him Want To Throw Up"
:O YOU NEVER HAD SUBWAY!? get his girl subway asap! ;) <3 Haha
Get your NBA and NHL playoff package at a discounted rate here!
Happy Martin Luther King day!
Only on camera. .
Yea man. I wonder what was on his mind
I'm there. I'll holla at you post lizard
RT : Thank you to all the #pla12 tweeters, I have loved reading all your conference highlights here! - Agreed!
Without a workable ipod in my truck, I am thankful everyday for And I could write a dissertation on Springer Mtn. Farms chicken.
I sure would. My 12yo read the books, but after seeing the movie, I'm a fan and will now too. Great movie!
"A Woman, A Gun, A Noodle Shop," "The Warrior and the Wolf," and now "Sacrifice." Is this the death of the Fifth Generation?
Shit get real
Thanks for the follow!!! =) Def always good to be yourself =) Hope you have a great day
and THAT'S why I follow you
The guy at 7-11 is gonna hate me, I just pissed in his clogged toilet and almost overflowed it haha I can't help it I had to piss BAD
Did you know it's National Rum Day? Might have to stop in for a Mai Tai tonight.
I have. It's wet.
Oh lord, the best is Edward Gorey and his big teddy bear. So freaking cute!! Thanks for sharing that.
RT : We need EVERYONE at a HIGH ENERGY LEVEL Tuesday. Leave work early if it means you will be rested.
there's a really cool plantation flat (barge) with some funky construction elements (chine-girder) - ask Kevin
19 people die every year from unanchored soccer goals being blown over... A statistic made up my Reeds.
in your dreams.... and itll probably happen
Dear Lord please let my #Tarheels win so I can go to NOLA & see my best friend
. is showing their awesome 3d printing capabilities at on the 2nd floor
#MovieFriday: Eddie Murphy is back with A Thousand Words. Will this be his comeback or an #EpicFail?
i digress
Back from vacation, I love Rockin' the "big ol hairy Fox"! Congrats Chad form Concord .. VH tickets. 5:45 for Buffett!
no problem :D
sometimes i like to stay up late to tell you good morning, i dont regret being dead in the morning, because your worth it.
It doesnt take a lot to admitt you've lost it takes a lot to realize you have given your best and then you give up to just end the battle
NO DISRESPECT TO TRAYVON MARTIN...but how can y'all rally for someone y'all don't know...innocent people get killed everyday...
The CrossRealms tea-lovers are celebrating #NationalCoffeeWeek #coffeesocial with one of our favorite IT clients :).
I understand the 2012 Cinco De Mayo festival is May 5th, but can't find location, details. Anyone?
Why is it that when a friend snaps a picture saying "look sexy", all I hear is "look like you have chronic wasting disease."
yeah you were trying to figure how one man put up all them Damn posters. And you made me part of the #realdjs LOL
just kickin it on a Saturday evening enjoying life. How u doin
Porter: Yes, I don't think we can say we speak for all College or Batten students. We are divided on ideological lines. Let's get more info.
Ex's smh
What do you want to see from ? Make a suggestion in the form of a mention and if we use it, we'll mention you.
Thanks! Glad to find and follow you and on twitter - keep up the great work
Is anyone out there braving the crowds this Black Friday? Did you get any good deals?
just buy a Hurricane from Pat O'Brians after the #Lions big win on Saturday night. All will be forgiven.
The only thing uglier than UW's play right now is Oregon's court. Looks like Sasquatch took a dump and smeared it all over the hardwood.
im great its one of those barely rolling out of bed mornings lol
ALOT OF ANYTHING IS NEVA GOOD... SO FUCK IT, DO IT ANYWAY!! #AMBITION'
Evidently "Drop Dead Fred" has stolen my diet coke...according to Sophie!
Out trying to handle some business....
they said that Madison had the same dress as you for homecoming & then I just said yeah, & looked away. I wasn't talking about her
Having no television, still caught up with commentary from #GoldenGlobesMaven,
me to!
Fresh Idea: Smile at someone or even yourself.
Pleasure meeting you and You guys did awesome! Thanks for sharing your stories at the
Happy Mother's Day I hope every mother has a blessed day today & everyday for that matter
This is the year everything comes 2gether making it THE best ever, unless there's any truth to that Dec.21 2012 rumor. Then not so much....
So Excited ! I'm Going To Be Featured On The Michael Baisden Show Today! :D ! <3
I'm god, you?
More de Looz: "Intuition is something everybody has & meditation (TM) is a great way to develop it."
Finally thawed out...
says I can't say lovely things about him without giving him a raise. I say, just did!
It ain't the first time someone said fuck you to Me. Ain't the first time I gave my all to a person and they said fuck you to me.
Looking forward to seeing the POWER GUYS in the AM @ Nat's. Don't be late KK!
I GONNA MAKE YOU BEG FOR IT
Its some real women in the building.. AMEN & there is a lot fake niggas in da city.. AMEN #GN Fakebook
There's someone for everyone
Skipped out on a weekend trip to mich.. Friends all coupled up. I'm noticing a pattern here..
It is what it is.
Much Metta to #glutenfree options! Limiting gluten intake may help boost one's energy levels. Happy eating! :)
We wish all of students on break a safe and relaxing holiday season. Merry Christmas!
so not to avoid a repeat of the "bobble heard 'round the world?"
RT : loll huge line of confused looking teenage boys outside the tux rental place on main st...
Recyclemania!! Cone Ballroom today!!! Yummy music and food and info about, um, recycling on campus!
Idris Elba is on The Office! LOL I keep thinking of Stringer Bell when I see him
text me and tell me. :)
Thanks babe ;)
Heading back to the press this am after a week of travel (Berkeley and Duluth).
#StillWishingThat maybe there's some hope in "Us"... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Well my bracket looks like hell...thanks Duke!
GUYS, there's a new Harlem community garden. RT : He should teach RW1.
After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something tody that brought tears to my eyes. He said, "No hablo ingles."
#90sareallthat nothing beats the old 90s shows. thank you for bringing them back!!
then stop telling them shit thats prolly not even true.your so fucking fake!get over yourself.the world doesnt revolve around you
Love puts the fun in together, the sad in apart, and the joy in a heart.
I need 6 more followers to reach 300. Shout me out!
Fantastic! Can't wait to have you! RT : Yay! You're def on my #bucketlist !!
How is everyone enjoying today's weather?
anyone been to a football game in Norman OK, tips on where to stay at least the general area?
Storify might be an incredibly great idea to promote an event...thank you!
No, ABC will not beat CBS. But the fall schedule has many promising elements.
Thanks for contacting us! How great your suffering may be, there is redemption waiting for us all.
haha I always hated if I missed some kind of tweet milestone! I jus hit #9000 last night
Thanks for the heads up. We will make sure someone gets out there to take care of it.
Important game in NBA tonight: Knicks vs. Bobcats. If Knicks win, they'll face the Heat 1st rd, Bobcats need win to avoid worst record ever.
make wesley snipes look light skinned
Beautifully ingenious!
haha I wish I woulda stayed up! But I knocked out when I got home
you're cute as fuck.
Obama is the strongest president of my lifetime. Americans' shortsighted votes have filled congress with ignorant demagogues.
eBay classifieds? Who would have thought.Watch out Craigs List.
7 more days YES
i saw this...u did not have my permission to post this lol
Smart man.
New Jersey Shore Tonight, !
My spirit animal is the majestic armadillo.
Great or not, #Community is YOU. The thought of the two being separate is nonsensical. (And, obviously, great, but still.)
You Sending Me One Word Txt So Im Not Going To Entertain This Convo....
: you're on my list!
. just voted to protect tax breaks for big oil. Protest Brown's Big Oil Bailout TODAY, 4PM @ South Station
RT I hate when I'm eating cereal and the last 5 pieces are like "You can't catch me!".
im bout to call my sis
Papa John's going to eat it best pizza ever
The Cooling Misters are BACK - the patio is 10 degrees cooler with a refreshing breeze! Come check it out!
Bill Murray lookin old as dirt at the game tonight. Love that guy
I love pop culture and celebrity gossip but Brad and Angelina getting engaged is hardly breaking news.
haven't been on twitter much.:( sorry babes.
If undergrad me knew how much time grad me spent in the library, she'd be disappointed. She'd also have questions about my hair.
I went from a kiss on the cheek to doin the nasty.
one of the best finales to a series. Makes me cry every time I watch it.
Notice in the 2 Pens win- no goals by Talbot or Jagr. I just didn't want them scoring today.
Gift wrapping for Taylor Foundation at Stoneridge Mall. Get your gifts wrapped and help us help kids.
RT if you're a #socialmedia addict!
It's more or so of a get ya swag right!
thank you for the follow!
I FUCKING KNOW.
I kinda wanna step up my cool chick filter game by getting a pet tarantula. That's sure to weed out the duds. I know, I'm regressing.
Wow!! Seattle is so awesome...so much culture to see..we will not have enough time to see everything. Going to Pikes Market now,
Thank god it's Friday. Only 27 days of school left. Whoop!
I have a feeling that the release "party" will last longer than just a single Party!!!
I show people how to get more good business referrals.
Increased consumption of video, books, etc. But who is monetizing? 2012 Deloitte State of the Media study is illuminating...
We'll see how well my tummy is doing later. ;-)
Shit funny right now me n my bro inlaw fucking with my sis
My musical taste: Major keys are sugar, minor keys are salt.
I know u can get through this, I dont care how this looks. I believe in you
Spent last several days with large archive of letters from major American novelist. 40+ years, humbling & beautiful in scope. Love. My. Job.
thanks much!
holy shit. Saw the news helicopters and police as i drove by but had no idea what was happening. Awful news...
Since Brendon is rocking the Bruce Lee hairstyle we will be watching Enter the Dragon tonight
I will try to post a couple of discrete pix from Colorful Fantasies while I'm there - depending on internet!
Advanced driving techiques for today: parking and driving in the rain.
is so beautiful and talented i hope she follows me :)
thanks, appreciate it. I'll post it up tomorrow.
keep seeing "indefinitely" but is there a guess/protection? whole playoffs? Next year?
Appreciate that Sitt just please make time for the opening too! See you soon
this shift sucks my fucking will to live.
haha i would but they never call me. i almost visited last night though since i was in euclid. i have to see you soon!
Great win this weekend bro... Had some buddies at the game and they told me yall looked great! You get any Moonlite in OBKY?
I Wish To See You Soon<3
Go St Mary's Go -even if the Gaels did mess up my bracket. :)
Love storms! And pumped about this respite from the heat in
Skitch is awesome for screenshooting, annotating, and sharing. Only for Mac, though.
joey richter joe walker mhmmmmmm joe sandwich
I need people to pray for me and my education. This semester im not enjoying it i dont have the strength to get up and go. :/
Ah good! Val Kilmer did it for his role in Alexander and had big problems.
Sad, but true.
#Thefeelingiget when I think about my ex
Loving the joy division themed songs right now on
ewwwww toilet phone....
...maybe Scooter wants to go to Brewer camp?
Considering his shady tabloid career in England, he sure is a "dark" horse.
u can say the nicest things about urself lol
o forgot you were going to class
I like crazy, foolish, stupid, party gone wild, fist pumpin' music !!!
Just close your eyes, you'll be alright.
Nearly finished your book Thanks for being so open and honest and for all the great information :)
John Lennon: Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
Oh look! My appetite is back! How long do I have to wait until I can eat my second lunch?
Challenge is balance and not providing too much info that may cost you an interview. Learned that from
“: I don't allow Michigan fans to follow me:) ROLL TIDE!!!”Michigan is good at multiple sports.
it's never too late for lunch! Enjoy!
#Verizon users with #iPhone and #Android download "Color for Facebook"
RT Whatever happens to account, thanks for all the work you put into keeping the fans updated with latest Mavs news. <--UR WELCOME!
Doing my Ali impression these days. They got me on the ropes, but the best of me has yet to reveal itself.
i'm so glad i won't have to see your dumbass ever again
For a minute I thought I was watching the Bafta's....
you are really cornering the travel industry.
My life is complete no that has a twitter!
Worst time of the year right now.
Just browsing through John Peel's record collection...
try being a bills fan
Wow, I'm officially a teen. Im now 13 years old, and happy for everything. Thanks for always being there:)
Yeah yeah yeah :p and we're talking about YOUR situation not mine :p
did you manage to get in the press box for this round? Are you going to NY?
Thank you to all my followers. I will get to your individual blogs very soon. I have been busy at work with each one at present.
wow. Really? Man im old. Hes good. Getting big and VERY talkative
i love your twitter. :*
My bro is DJ'ing and putting together a fresh event this SUNDAY w/ ! This will be something new.
and a lot of them do.
my English teacher & I had a conversation today about how amazingly well written THG are. I convinced her to read them(;
I'm reaching out, in advance of my visit to #London and the Digital Shoreditch Festival #ds12 - looking forward to the events...
Downtown #SanDiego has transformed into a vibrant, livable area where a downsizing & upscaling #trend is gaining momentum....
MT : How do you institute classroom management in an environment where a student's parent directly threatens you harm?
everyday i have to remind myself that someday u will relize me<3 #someday<3
im waiting on the lady to text morgan back. my mom said she will drop you off if the lady is able to pick us up from here.
Happy early Halloween! :)
same! It showed me that you're not following me and I freaked out! LOL
im alright im alright *Ethelwulf Voice*
If your girlfriend complains that you never take her anywhere expensive.. Take her to the Gas Station.
Dear God, will you help me out here and help me get noticed by Usher, it'll take a miracle so please God! Amen
Swing batter batter! Have fun!
#FF B4 THE OZONE OPENS UP AND LETS OUT ALL THE LIPITOR + VIAGRA
Follow for me :) He is awesome and is one of favorite tweeters :) Follow :)
Why will people txt you "hey" without telling who they are how do you expect to txt you back when i dont even know who you are.
What a great picture of my house! Thanks for the post!
She pretends her bones are glowsticks; If she snaps enough of them, She may shine as brightly as the Stars.
Star Fights, The Empire Slaps Back
Alright , my spanish isn't so good Pero el video is Up :D A la final baby! :D I love my job ;D
Quote of the night: 'you need to be on the stout girl diet'
LOVE IT! THANKS FOR ALL CHRIS! <U+2665>
i can not wait to fucking smash. haven't ate all day.
I think I need lotsa luck ha
#10ThingsThatILike the internet
tell someone you love them today, because life is short. But yell at them in German, because it's terrifying and confusing
- decided to be the phone nazi...not doing a very good job of it.
lerner: the energy in this room has been amazing. librarians are forced into a corner based on budget and resources.
Features Of AJTNT Landscape Trailers » BusinessFinance - used landscape trailers
off to a 3 hour band practice with for our show at the on Saturday the 10th at 10pm. now, what wig to wear ;)
Words of TRUTH.
Thanks Everyone For Your Particpation!!! More Giveaways before the end of the semester.....
Had a great time at Thrive Abq meet and greet! So many nice people. And we got to meet Martha from Martha's body bueno! She was awesome!
I'm so honored to share my birthday with the ever-legendary Mark King!!
Not a good Sunday,,,,Nuggets got blasted out the arena....Game 2 tuesday night....I hope for a better effort, and shots to drop..
#Madison #traffic beltline backed up to hwy 51. Stay home or take the
“: i've got photos in the following magazines this month Guitar Player Vintage Guitar ” awesome!!
Stand up and make a difference. Everyone matters. Dont let this go on any longer. Fight.
That awkward moment when none of the links work on the site you're evaluating .. (I emailed them to see what's up)
Are You On If U Are Check The Message I sent u On YouTube i Am SingOrSwim1
"A Crush Is A Crush" Music video has been added to Music Choice's Video on Demand, so have our friends in check them out.
Sorry for your earthly loss. Nothing like childhood friendships!
Today u r u, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is youer than u! Dr. Steuss
You make me sad. :(
Awful weather after Open ears last night. Long drive home, causeway was closed. Went through NO east and Slidell. Almost hit an alligator.
RT GOD MORNING. It is a great day because I think so.
I need new fans.Music is coming soon.
Where shacora at
She could make spaghetti-o's sound inspirational.
That's Nicky Whelan. She's an absolute dish, Yum ;) x
The chalk wall *already* has a computer/robot father & son on it first thing Monday AM. This week is going to be good.
We will be cheering for our Pearland Boys! Good Luck Tonight!
lol Beliebers are pretty intense. I watched the videos back to back and it was so obvious. Still love that #girlfriend video more
Enjoyed a wonderful Fourth of July weekend in DC! There is nothing better than celebrating Independence Day in the nation's capital!
HAPPY EASTER AUSTIN<3
congrats on the new gig
My hips just popped while I was cross-legged in an office chair...it felt like I had farted during an earthquake ;(
You don't want to know what the Rabbids will stream to all your devices...
I want to follow me=) if he want to.lol
u r awesome to bark about! Glad u r tummy will be full soon.
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." -Robert Louis Stevenson (What seeds are you sowing today?)
...the needed lifestyle change, so the shakes, bars, etc. help them get to a point where they can make that change.
Memphis Grizzlies #winning!!!!!
I'm aite... You staying out of trouble??
Thanks for the RT! Hope to see you there!
it takes a great show like Extreme Makeover Home Edition to help you think less of your money & more with your heart.
if one is to pay to play to try to win then lottery tickets are more fun with easier sound checks.
Know... your... audience.
A Female Thats #WifeyMaterial Will Love Her Man No Matter What & Stay By His Side Through The Ups & Downs & Support Him Through Whatever !
It's unofficially two hearted thursday at It should be two hearted Tuesday, but the first time it happened was on a Thursday.
Happy Easter Blunt.. (:
smart move lol
Taylor Swift got a hair cut?!?!? STOP THE PRESS!!!
Time for werk... Another fucken Monday is upon me :(
If you judge people, you have no time to #Love them.
Props to the White House for not releasing the photos of Bin Laden!! Redirect the focus on bringing down the rest of al Qaeda!!
Rep. Bobby Rush (D-Ill.) sporting a hoodie on the House floor. Told he is breaking House rules and no longer recognized.
she understands <3
“: Let's go Pacers!!!” do you approve of this?
Fire is catching. And if we burn, you burn with us.
Thanks so much! I'm glad you had a good time! :)
you should dye yours!
God I thank you
Portland tonight! See you at the White Eagle.
Bitches Lie. Sluts Lie. Players Lie.If You Keep Doing Your Have Bad Deep Hole In Heart Full Of Lies. The Sun Wont Rise In Light the Blue Sky
im up, now its time to have a good day
#wordoftheday Even tho our trip to Woodstock was a tarry, seeing Levon Helm & Dawes @ the Midnight Ramble on 12/3 was amazing. -Thanks Kim!
hahaha i am catholic and still don't understand, which is why i love coatesy
No one wants to hear about how ur diets going
Lets start a new movement called #throwbackthursdays...Please RT
glee and rain is just perfection
Can't wait for to come home tomorrow.
“: Melo played in beast mode today. Yes, the bulls are in trouble. Too many key injuries.
Sounds like your body is rebelling. Feel better!
Have you ever imagined how would it be like if you we're 10 years old, but had the mind and experience from the age that you are now?
Twitter's always there in a time of need. I need something to remind me that intelligence is just an 11 letter word..
We all have to face pain, and pain makes us grow.
A brew with THE Sparrow is a must before graduation!
Richardton-Taylor is the only thing close.. Unless you can get us a camp in Montana
Is it your birthday??!
So, i'm at Yaletown, or LIVEcity listening to the amazing DJ Spooky! Also went into Coca-Cola Happiness House. Having a ton of fun!
In Savannah GA.
Congrats Lisa Lopez, the first to correctly guess The Last Waltz, All Night Long, Mildred Pierce and Rocky Horror Picture Show.
thank you so much! So glad to have met you through !
That was a bad call. Just saying.
I'm not a big fan of Manjoo's writings, but I think he's right on this one. G+ really is a chore, and that better change fast.
LMAO! You are funny!
On Sun, watched 2x Ironman world champ do olympic distance tri for fun: no goggles on swim, sprinted 24miles on bike, ripped the 10k. amazed
Vendor Pricing:Simultaneous User:limited "seats" or slots for users.Buy 5 seats and only 5 can access the product at a time ProQuest Webinar
Ohio st vs Kentucky
you would....what if st padded day and cinco de mayo were the same day...what would you do?
love the new profile pic! Too cute! Lol!
Happy Birthday Dexter Gordon!!!
ITS SO GREAT OMG
I'm looking for college teaching jobs, several of them in the Midwest!
Not the Turk elbow!
what where
Back atcha! I'm totally wearing a pair right now. RT : Happy #MomPants Day!
Thanks 4 the #FF shout-out!! Hope u have a wonderful weekend too!!:)
I didn't know you watched Hockey!! :D and I wish but they are sold out :P but maybe I can go when NJD come home!
": s/o to my new follower :) wus good?" I'm coolin out. What it do?
will do... Dropped cable do you guys have a roku channel yet?
dude last night was a great time! Looking forward to hanging out again soon
lmao you okay?
My birthmark is a heart-shaped splotch on my tummy. Cute, right?
Kitchen Island Alternatives for Small Spaces | Segmento Anterior 2009
Oh, and I'm holding you to that Skype session sometime soon! Thanks for spending so much time with us tonight! Love you! <3
addicted to caffeine? Yeah, I'm also addicted to air. Until we run out of either, who cares?
am i overreacting?
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
I'm kind of pathetic.
i can see you ! Lol
Thanks Kristina! I have a disconnect for some reason. I see RTs that don't appear on the mentions stream.
When pulling a late night server save, love some
I'm abt to start a math test #nervous!
Need Network #Programmers for opportunities with A studios all over the world.
I see all of you are waiting up for the Easter Bunny too.
yeah - very cool of to offer a bit on you and Go team!!
Bases empty two-run shot. Come on!
Haha so much fun!! Love the Christmas tree photo we got out of it!
lol!! I'm in atl right now.
As the shotgun blast ripped him into. Who fired that shot? We will never know. But I do remember a convict saying on the day of Mad Jacks
First break 18K from 20K. No biggie - relaxed & eating a chickie caesar salad.
the joy of quantum physics? Right. Nobody's buyin' it.
Hey everyone. What's up? #BowDay for Ms. Ariana Grande.
1858 - French came to Vietnam
how about them Sixers?
The squirrels have taken to raiding our compost heap. This afternoon, a slice of pizza fell out of the tree in our back yard.
I wish I was seein her tommrow
Are you out of town again Natalya? That's not a good enough excuse to miss brunch!
These school computers load slow af!
know who else was a vegetarian? Hitler!
Very excited about tonight skill development session. Repetition at an intense rate in training sessions will form a natural habit in games.
Got her address? I'm quite adept at hand to hand combat.
we do! #BSBeuroCruise2013 You okay then?:)
Sadly it was very early. No alcohol involved. Just stupidity on my part.
Of course they do. RT : wanna do this? RT : Cinco De Mayo | $1 Margs/Taco Pizza
Are the Hunger Games a Biggest Loser spinoff?
Trapped in the bedroom of my grandmas house babysitting 4 of my little cousins.. Help me!!!
Starving myself today and tomorrow. I really wanna lose 3 lbs.
I'm terrible at hoarding cash.
k gotcha
Photo shoot today with amber this should be fun :)
Yea and most of the time its guys
nigga. this is America. we speak ENGLISH here in America. comprendo? yeah, read a fucking book.
lol we've been writing this thing for like a month
RT : Jesus. 100% of the time he wins all the time. Plus he invented air.
Maya Banks guest speaker @ RWA-SD this morning. NY Times best seller multi genre. Awesome writer life.
time for the weekly torture fest known as "ride with power". Yay 90 minutes on the computrainer.
Nice profile pic. That does not look easy!
i say hosea is out tonight!
oh my goodness! Y am I just now seeing this tweet?!
yes sir whats good?
Tom McCarthy has boobs
While I sit and fangirl over , my friend fangirls over
AMAZING! Thank you so, SO much!!! :) You're one of my new favorite people lol!
First #RedSox-#Tigers Opening Day tilt in 18 years. Sox won 9-8 in '94. Hoping to get a streak going.
I just want one person to know that I exist
do you want to endorse??? I just got them on RXP.
fine I guess
#500daysofsummer never gets old no matter how many times i watch it.
Glad my sister is home for the summer. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
If you respect me, I'll respect you. If you don't? Well, we'll just have to take care of the issue.
i don't eat shellfish. "fish sauce" typically means "do not eat" to me. wait what did you say about green curry?!?
#Question Who is your favorite Shark’s player?
Preview my new single "SLOW ME DOWN" on Facebook today!! The song hits stores this week!
you said it. there's been a serious rash of that particular brand of spammer recently. most annoying.
Hey #sandiego #surfers, where can a noob get a cheap, decent wetsuit and surfboard? Recommendations? Help!
Still looking for season ticket holders?
i haven't been out that way yet. i can only imagine the sadness.
#whowillbethefamilywizard ah in a.few minutes
A packed room is a good problem to have...
I love falling asleep during a thunderstorm
favourite United kit you have ever worn?
Was interesting judging Silver Anvils this year. Am still amazed that firms - some large - submit entries that contain flawed measurables.
Im crying like a little girl, I still cant believe Barcelona lost, and whats more painful we lost at home =*-C U are not alone
Very cool data challenge: family economics in Lesotho (via )
Thanks! Hope you have a great week as well.
Text "ENVY" to 46786 and you'll get a text with drink specials and exclusive cover offers on the weekends! Just bc we love you!
Unimportant , physcotic Bitches these days I swear. Tuh !
spam? ouch! nope, i am real. Doing well, yourself?
Nice Post Tom-thanks for sharing and the hard work you are doing at #gc2012!
My little brother left yesterday for AD Air Force! Extremely sad seeing him go. Yet, I know he will do great things for this Great Country!
J.D. Power says iPhone is the most satisfying smart phone. I think we all knew that. Bless the Wackberry users.
NYC today for work. Didn't I just get back from there??
if yu mess with girl that kno the team she really can become the team girl easly
come to costa!
We have great #1 and #2 mommies
that's great!!
April21st! Ill be hosting the Audio Dope Party @ Jack London Room, portland! Be my DATE?? Celebrating bday?? Email
fuck all the people that unfollowed me
I WANNA BE YOUR ONE LESS LONLEY GIRL :))))! && I want you to be my Boyfriend :)))
#UKnowUHungryWhen your stomach rumbles start pounding like the opening bars of #Beethoven's
Trouble opening bottles? Luckily TwistAid can help! We make opening bottle easier! Check out www.twistaid.com!
Are all hot sauces created equally or are some just better?
His girl makin chicken at 1130...
what's the plan for the weekend
all the cool kids are doing it
Just waking up. God afternoon urrrrbody!
Life would be much better if I were an only child
Beware the groove.
I need to get my phone back cause without it cant make shit happen.
Friedrich Nietzsche is not dead
My favorite part had to be when Natalie Portman was rapping. She's such a thug
okay eric
session soon!!!
Its not about the looks or age, but the sense of maturity
hell yeah man
Full house! A hush falls over the crowd.
homebro when are we going to have our nerfgun fight?
We need more legit reasons to use the word fairy, especially when typing.
I can't get enough of what you got. Good God you hit the spot. ;)
cant wait til feb to get my licence back been to long witout it now i could drive legally
what, you afraid of a likkle beeny lizard?
I will be waiting for the trickery text around 8:30.
If u dont support on the way up, dont be surprised if the phone aint answered when I have reach my goal
That soul sucking feeling of going in to work a double when its gorgeous out. :(
hey, hope you are well Veeve, let me know about the Cowbell stuff!
RT : Toop Trend " IF I Had a Gun " giving the FBI enough overtime for the next 6 months . .
Looking forward to it Ron!!! We're excited to share the stage with some new bands and in a new place!
Change your thoughts and you just might change your day
That awkward moment when your jamming to a song and you look over to the side and see an indian jamming to the same song in his car -__- lol
what did you expect? Chocolates?
Makes perfect sense and that's why I'm here (and excitedd), to finally get MY blog going, rather than my clients'
how was school yesterday? btw you lost one follower :0 lol
Birthday/Mom's Birthday/Father's Day/Family Reunion trip home booked! On Mother's Day. :-)
Great night playing with our closest friends and play partners last night. Tonight, we go to Player's ATX.
Fixed rates fell to record lows -- pushing new mortgage activity higher.
Braun doin the damn thing tonight.
RT : Start picking the Speaker of the House via dodgeball
Oglivie was 0-for-19 since last home run before hitting homer off Britt Burns in the 4th.
Counting sheep doesn't work. I tried.
I have a development project that may interest you. I will be calling this afternoon :)
I wish I knew, tell me when you find out!
I sometimes wonder IF we can add people on minecraft
My problem is I am on SSI and this phone cost 2 much its part of a 3 phone plan
Haven't seen a link, just tweets. Josh Davis' tweets confirming it for me.
Our goal is to provide excellent service throughout the Tampa Bay area that fits your needs and exceeds the expectations of our customers.
Too much celebrating his 70th birthday?
JJ Keith: Just (Don't) Do It: Not many of my friends know I ever used to be an athlete. I forget myself, until a pedicurist notices m...
i also do not know that.omg.I needa ask...lol
The Fourteenth Amendment
As one film is getting done the next has already started casting.
We'll be playing a couple new songs acoustic tomorrow live on KWVA campus radio in Eugene around 1 pm... then off to LA
So, here I am w/ a degree in theatre, and a mile-long resume, but Kim Kardashian gets a lead acting role.
what song? lol I saw him last week at GradBash
lol automated text son
Life moves on but people just stop walking
know you hate flying....be safe and relax! We luv u!!
www.cbssports.com/mcc/blogs/entry/22748484/24071059 CBS Sportsline article. "Are the Bucks legit?"
that deserves a Kiss!!! Great Catch
Welcome to the new and improved B/R Swagger twitter. Now with 30% more Swagger and 100% more hair.
RT : So excited for foodie Mondays and Tuesdays this summer on Fox !! With on Wednesdays and Thursdays !
Las Vegas Twitter special: $10 off driveway cleanings
I got u haha
It's my #birthday so baby I want everythang sweet!
you are Beautiful and inspiring<3 NEVER LET HER GO!!!! (: okay well bye for now(: <3<3<3
Eta Lambda Leadership Development Institute. Mentoring chapters in the building. Leading workshops
so jelly hope you're having a great time :) <3
just another day ill fall harder for you.
Awesome! We are looking forward to seeing you and creating a space for you to meet and engage with other UX practitioners.
Lol. You know that man looks like Jayz. Nose and everything. Haha
I wish I knew where the chord for the keyboard was. :/
About to see just how far this road will take me
bound on new tires! :D
RT : Welcome to the show and thanks for the follow, ya cool cats:)
Twitter = YNLO. You Never Log Out. ;D
Pardon the onslaught of tweets today; tweeting from the San Diego Social Media Symposium learning new social media tips & tricks!
": Me and the wife decided to make our own sex tape. She was pissed off when I started holding auditions for her part."
I just saw that! Does that mean he's staying or what?!
RT : . says we do this work bc saving lives is an important part of our foreign policy & makes our country stronger
we notice a move from Gemeinschaft=municipal neighborhoods map to Gesellschaft=our people based map
Sometimes you have to take risk to get where you want to be
we cover events in Newark & surrounding areas - please email details to .uk
Heading to spring national hot rod event & stopping by booth to see amazing shelby cobras!
The #Yankees are losing badly, my final sucked, and I wanna smack my brother in the face. Sounds like a fun night.
LA?! You know we work harder out here in Vegas #workhardplayhard RT : yessir! Hit me up if you need any help with the move
The first speeding ticket was issued in 1902.
@ amandagrace88 Nice! is ALWAYS a lovely choice.
How have budget cuts affected your school? We want to hear from you!
The pleasure was mine. Best of luck with it!
Yeah of course ill be there
MT : Google "have a cow" "dairy compact" (At that time NYC wanted to ensure cheapest food for NYC. May be changing?)
#ireallywant a new purse
Okay first day of spring football. Still got alot of room to get better
it says single and ready to jingle?
Golfing in a cut off >>>>
Have a PERFECT Friday wherever you might be - , , , , ,
I'm real happy I cannot believe my happiness, all I see a smile, I'll be mad? or is that after seeing selena, one is more happy?
Are they better than your toes? ;^)
Last weekend of rehearsal before tech!! Ah!!! So excited! www.kefproductions.com
Well how 'bout these promotional shopping bags! elitivia.com/2011/05/30/interactive-and-promotional-shopping-bags
I am going to watch some TV and head to bed. Talk to you all later.
can u help me build a uk fan base?
I so agree!RT: don't torture yourself :-) there are other things that are good for you, such as wine.
Finally got my copy of the book, will let you know what I think on 2p2-
Watching game from Dugout near Binghampton Uni
Always take the safer route when you write about the book of Ruth. (That's a terrible pun if you know Hebrew)
Vulture Capitalists Are People, My Friend
Now u are
Half turkey wrap, potato soup, and a soft drink for $9.99!!
Listening to the radio on my phone! Waiting till 7:30?! Good thing I have gym first period!
follow me!
giving shout out to #Vanderbilt alum Ross Perot, Jr., now investing in
im pretty confident in taking state and having someone to celebrate with
I had an exceptional experience today with a CS rep over the phone. I didn't get her name. Any way to find out and let mgmt know
There's always that one person who will always have my heart
OMG<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> (Insert other nickname here)<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Nice, would love to know how you like it :)
RT : "Encouragement is the most missed ingredient in almost everyone's life." Zig Ziglar You can be the missing ingredient!
It's cold, dark, and sleeting a little here in the DC suburbs.
Imagine How Pissed Madison Is Right Now..! I Feel Bad :( He Gonna Get His Ass Whooped..!
um yeah it is
This is a sad day for Mets fans and baseball fans in general. RIP
Time is confusing. I only know now.
You have #Trojan bookends!! #FightOn !! Perry's solid.. great athlete and real football player.
Got the script for the film I'm on over next 3 days. Intense schedule, FX heavy & gosh get a nice dramatic bit. Still have a crappy flight.
"That was a fun period, but the next odd-man rush that the Caps allow could hurt." <---that's where Holtbeast comes in!
Reporter: My editor sent me to do the burglary. Policeman: You're too late - it's already been done.
I wear Vans cleaner than your pussy.
kohl's just donated $2 million to Discovery World for new Design It! program. great job Kohl's!
the civil war reenactment boy. You didn't ask me to do anything <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
I will watch him in anything. Except "Marjorie Morningstar". I will never watch that movie again.
you rocked it out tonight!!! Such a great concert!!! :-)
Hell yeah! Great show! RT : Suburgatory spralls into a 2nd season y'all!
#MURFC started the season out with a tough loss: Final score was 25-27 in the A-side match, Killer B's put UWM away with a 7-0 final.
spreading awareness? ur kidding right?
I can't stand them. I've tried to like it so many times, but I just can't. Maybe I just grew out of deathcore, I dunno.
Thanks so much!! i really appreciate ur support!! :)
turds, fart face and bubba are most used nicknames for me.
Hitting the red carpet tonight at the Laugh Factory for the LA Comedy Awards
1. Al Green - Love and Happiness
moda15inc.com/finalistasfoto… PLEASE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE 4 ANAHY RUBIO PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE she's a beliber :)
i wanna talk my babe dejah!!!!:/
#Question we are creating a new resource and wondered if anyone knows of a tool for professionally folding laminated sheets?
I'm doing great! How about you?
I #BELIEVE that this album will be the best of #2012 <3
oh i see what you mean and agree. also would love one with imogen heap.
Grilling. Then movie night. Whee!
aww why does someone want to resign? (:
Yeaah , I need an shoulder to cry on .. right about now . .
Behavior is what a man does, not what he thinks, feels, or believes. ~Emily Dickinson
I just want all the flowers to be back on campus...
Huh! I own no green clothing.
All these russian people are following me ahaha
Saying "trick or treat please" when we were little . Now we say "gimme my candy bitch"
RT : "Expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised." ~Denis Waitley
yay, you! I slacked the last couple days but will get back on track today. I hope...
I am now a fatty editing a research paper, eating chips, and watching the movie Beastly
Nettleham ready to lock horns with Cherry Willingham in Lincoln derby - This is Lincolnshire
Just saw matt Saracen at the farmers market. Josh and I both got a little moony-eyed. It's the qb!!!
air ball Allen
. Literacy of slaves does little to mark letters about them in the archive.
Witness: William Balfour asked her to cover for him - Chicago Sun-Times
Don't TRY to be a Marketing PRO-thats what we do-We dont try to be the lawyer-we'd go to jail for that.
Love it! RT : Congrats aggies! Have so much fun in the SEC.
Thank you!
Just found your music on youtube through your IDM tutorial - thanks, and really digging your chtunes. More FL studio vids please
I need a cabin in Utah to borrow after tax season for a weekend. Anybody game?
Awesome! RT : Hair dresser just asked me "do you have a wife at home?" when I said no she said "oh, can I trim your ear hair?"
Shouts to theis
House Bill 216 passed the House on Thursday- raises dropout age to 18. Heads to Senate now. Good for all Kentuckians.
where's the dvr when you need it?
They talking bout rose like he off the team. My goodness.
A few good laughs can make for a great day....Laughter!
Its Express Ya Self Tuesday on Street Heat Radio today @ 6pm hosted by call 310.807.5053 we live @ 6pm..!!
5:25am can't fall back asleep. Might as well be productive. Attacking the emails. P.S. Game day hope to see everyone in Halton!
I am going to Everest in April. Would love to check out your movie and here some tips for the trek.
I've never been inside one looks at you
Dyeing my Betty.
I'll finish out the season and see what I can do to make it work.
- ill b glad wen dey come back
you already know. Wat I jst sent you lol
If you could ask a car salesperson one question, that they HAD to answer honestly, what would that one question be?
Celebrating my Dad's birthday with good food, wine, & company!
The second chick might be Mariah Yeater.
thanks 4following back!!
#Laughlin 2012 River Run!! Having a blast nothing much better than this
I have da best husband n da world even tho he never kums home
Thanks! Spread the love to your friends :)
May Chuck's legacy never be forgotten by DC residents and musicians
Today gone be a very good day!
Sinking deeper into the guacamole of her own deception.
Congratulations!!! And God bless!
Is It Just Me, Or Am I The Only One Whos Having A Good Night? What The Hell...
Who's in the workshop? Mainly librarians?
Wtf. It's 5:54 in the morning and I wake up to little kids screaming WAKE UP! ITS HUNTING TIME! What the hell?
one grande ice caramel macchiato with whipped cream
when will my 11:11 wishes come true?.
Regular exercise has proven to be effective in helping to limit the damage from hypertension and cardiac events.
Get well soon, Baron!
#Team FREAK!! #Team brownskin beauty
KAT BICK! I seriously miss you as well. only about one more month!
Many of luxury resi buyers who are now adding 3rd and 4th homes are looking for a place to park their money, rather than leave it in cash
I'm tired of this motherfuckin gazpacho being on this motherfuckin ice.
Y must I fill out the same medical record form repeatedly? When will EHR make it to AZ?
very funny...
Non-profits focus on social mission, but often fail to produce solutions. : "Solve the f***ing problem! Get the job done!"
So cheap! And I love how you can break the box down into 4 individual plates.
Make sure to integrate your social media presence with the rest of your marketing communication efforts.
watching friends with my girlfriend. it's so funny you can totally keep your clothes on and enjoy one-liner after one-liner
and YOU, bravo!
Thanks! And oh, I've packed plenty! ;)
funny night. night.
Facebook status: "How short should I get my hair cut?" Comment: "Just cut a mundane-question-that-no-one-cares-about's worth."
Blue Cheer, "Vincebus Eruptum", vinyl. Over USB. Through laptop speakers. Not sure why it doesn't scrobble, though. Might be the cartridge.
JUST WATCHD Icarly!!!!! I LOVED IHT!!!!! <3 The End when sam took a hold of Zayn <3 ime put this in dvd and watch it all over again!
what ?!? No one told me . You goin back ?
and why fad diets fail?
4/20 smh. Y'all really getting high? What a waste. I have a life and I'm gonna be celebrating that's it's Friday not a smoking day.
Happy Easter!
But, yes, I think it's worthwhile. Exceptionally educational.
processing a donation of children's Chinese language materials. thank God for ISBNs.
A high of 52 degrees today? In January in Chicago? Yes please. The dog might get an extra long walk today!
It's First Friday!! Help restore the arts on #Indy 's east side by supporting the #Rivoli www.rivolitheatre.org/support
Damn Z-Bo you hooping or boxing lol.
I always lie to myself about going to sleep.
I know what I'm going to do.next year I'll personally buy all the ppl i hate plane tickets to florida, shoot them all, & claim self defense
Try the 10 milligram Melatonin? It's helped my wife and she used to have a lot of trouble.
CDX in Nashville announces the release of "Santa's Littlest Elf Has Autism" for November to over 2600 radio stations globally.
Surprise- Foo fighters closed SXSWi ... Awesome!
#bulls need to turn u the D in the 2nd half
go get 'em!
Crying over the Mets and the closing of Shea Stadium!
Good point. I think in this case I am proud to be embarrassed. Which is better (in my opinion) than embarrassingly proud.
gorgeous day! Wish I will be here this weekend. Supposed to be nice.
i wish would finally notice me :(
Really Don't Feel Good , In Tears Right About Now . Least I Know Moziee Cares .
New Home Builders Presented with Awards for Best After-Sales Service
Tip off in 5 min...Texas PRO vs. STL Eagles
Wen the love there an the sex on point everything gone be alright
My second favorite day of the year #LouisvilleHateDay!!!
Yeah, okay, flip me off. I'm real scared of your middle finger.
Oh no!
hey, you 'll love this! Agreed we cantt handle snow, but now I got 1 sayin its hotter up there n summer 2...wow..they r nuts
ok then your girl lol
Hm I guess that makes sense....weirdo. lol
their cornbread is the best!
What happened to us? Used to be so perfect..
Not yet... will have something up before end of week. Thanks for the gentle reminder.
booking a ballroom for our Cinco de Mayo Real Estate EXPO in San Diego!!!
Omg my poor poor ankle.. I complain about it daily but it is getting worse!! Ugh I hate pain!!
Also, didn't forget about the autograph... Like I said; I'll get it to you when EAU's finally out :)
as far as I'm concerned, she can take the winter off.
About To Upload The Rest Of The Signs :P
ha ha!
#onedirection Are you coming to Seattle?
“: #YouGetPointsIf you like frogs” sorry
Just watched faceoff for #MayweatherCotto and is my fave boxer but can't help but be happy for
Pssst hey #tcot #teaparty #GOP: we are going to have an amazing black president for another 4 years. Bahahaha
I'm at 305 followers this am, & off to the 305 (Miami) in an hour for a workshop on openings. New novel takes baby steps today.
your pitcher is already prepping for the playoffs... I heard he hit a 85 on 9holes last time he was supposed to pitch ;)
Saw the clip of supposedly upset at TV media. Didn't seem like he was particularly upset. Short, yes, but he was rational.
My son swam unassisted for the first time today. Its like a miracle. Way better than the feeling of getting tenure.
Thanks for following WWVC!
Just bought new underwear for tonight because I don't have any good clean pairs. Yeah its like that.
any chance we get to hear you sing again in another hangover movie?
Sup? and thanks for the follow
Worked on my straddle split tonight to, you know, work the sore out.
Which event are you most excited for? Tell us now!
cheer! Cheer! Cheer!!
Such a nice day I need something to do
what you mean " yes? " lmfao
Looking toward to seeing you and your friend in Nashville. FOR YOU video by just came on GAC TV. <3 this video<3
A Church of #Scientology is telling some of the secret from the inside. She is not allowed to attend anymore. Does that make it a cult? Hm
Biggest factor is school leaders who think urban kids can learn, rather than subscribing to "epistemology of victimization"
Alright people, I am at 333 followers, I want to be at 350 by end of weekend without tagging trends.
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion
three words: like. eating. glass.
Just signed a contract to make a opening conference video. Getting more work than I have time for. I love consulting & being creative again!
Spent day in a canoe on the Grand River in Madison - Beautiful!
Are short shorts office-appropriate? They are today.
Makes no sence :P
i hope hawaii doesnt feel too excluded from the rest of the country being covered in snow! yay snow!
Another great weekend Tweeps! Time to get a jump start on Monday and order those shirts, polos, uniforms, caps and bags!
Club OPIUM tonight w/
Ah a powerful story indeed! Brave kid.
Sending my prayers out to all those affected by the tornado outbreak!
Who has registered for 2012 convention so far? You could be entered to win....
Buffet at the #Prado not helping my effort to slim down. Overate, for sure...
A year and a half ago i would never think this day would come. never thought that one direction would come to albany. the only way (c)
I find my librarian sensibilities offended when people tag people on Facebook just so those people will see a photo.
Question from Shannon Mattern on evolving role of designers in discussions of new forms for books & what it means for Press staffs.
whens spring trainin start for you?
Mid-week gms are uber-equalizers: my #4 vs. your #4... Good for UTA Mavs getting W in Austin!
Hi Phil ! Long time no see ! How ya doin'? All is well and very wet today here in NY
citybeatkelly Impeach mayor sanders for failure to maintain public safety!! Failed fire protection
Please don't tell me you watch 16 & Pregnant too! Is Beiber or Taylor Swift being punked?
Thanks for the follow and gud nite also
News ALERT: New Jersey Assembly Passes Gay Marriage Bill; Veto Promised
my chick bad like a bag of money? seriously where do they get these lyrics haha
The LAW Olivia
I think i overworked myself and need to lay off the weights a bit
I want too!
Question; Does Newt's wife use the same hair salon that Jimmy Johnson uses. That hair never moves.
About to do the same myself! RT: Heading out for the last run of 2011!
This dude here look like a swollen version of #oomf ! Lbdas
How have you been?(:
All kyrie looks so cute!
Come by and do some trading! We're here all day until 6pm.
Screen Print of the Day- Handyman deal. 50 assorted color shirts, S-XL, 1 color print front & back, $7.00 delivered. Sale ends 7PM pacific.
It's a holiday. I'm at work. Good times. This place is so weird empty. Creepy!
Really?? Why is New Years more important?
Matt Barkley next year?
Congrats to #DNation runner Cody Allen already hitting the $600 mark for the ! Nicely done!
fuckkkkkkk you my nigga RT : I KNOW you stank RT : .... no RT : People who drink stink too.
Hundreds of people flocking to get credit counseling help. Hear the story tomorrow morning on KXL
JcPenney Dads give the best advice! What important life lesson did your father teach you?
Oh yes
My love I love you too much #BELIEVE I New OLLG, meet you in person omg "Dream" #NeverSayNever Lovee Youu PLS Follow me!!! RT
thanks bud. Appreciate it.
New Haven, at Yale, and I am presenting (otherwise I could skip it).
he's a horrible tutor but my parents insist I keep learning from him -.-
At #sgs2010. Let me know if you'd like to meet and learn more about the GameHouse Fusion universal social gaming platform.
yes, yes it is
As would say, "or you want to form an anti-pussy zone around your body."
Sara is a winner.
Going to the Drake concert on June 2! What now.
It's soo hot outside ..... Omg
Rocket fair all morning c: hopefully all day c:
Totally hating.
JUST recieved another MESSAGE THAT SAID FUCK IT ImLEAVIN4GOOD.
My mom always donates clothes to the Purple Heart but I have no idea how they distribute them
Corenlius Pass has openings for the Bourbon Dinner on 9.29.11, call 503.693.8452 to sign up. Delicious food paired w/ a variety of Boubons!
son, I've been on this shit since I was playing shows with Arkadelphia!
I downloaded the demo last night, will do
BEAUITFUL first quarter!!!!!
oh please.
fire + balcony and a sofa for good measure.
I'm so excited you guys always do a great job :) can't wait until Saturday.
I'll dm it to you.
Last night I woke up, checked my texts and locked my door...wtf I don't sleepwalk ever #weird ihaveproblems
Spring training is back in Scottsdale! RT Starting Monday #SpringTraining workouts at Salt River Fields are open to the public.
what the fuck is that scratching/farting sound during paul's song?
Eck... walking into a huge spider web at 3 am... and the huge spider in the middle... is surely enough to wake one up!
higher than that MB!
Power nap time!
Cheers deffo remember ~ chat soon & thanks
we go
That moment when you hear your parents telling your aunt and uncle EVERYTHING they've missed since they left. <<<<<<<<<<<<<
Whats good with it
Braves lead Cardinals 5-0 at the Bottom of the 6th inning
Wow thunder stole that one
The earth braces itself for the feet of a lover of God about to dance.
It's a cold one today.. Retweet if u plan on warming up with a workout!
Hie Electronics Hosts Booth at Texas Department of Information Resources (DIR) Power to Purchase Technology Expo 2012
ha hell delete it in a week
Only In Pilsen You See the Cops More than The Elote Lady Cant even go outside because people cant handle their hate towards each other.
Awh I remember trying to get a reply off for years. I give up tbh :(
Awesome, thanks!
Heading for Singapore in less than a week! Am I supposed to feel excited?
It's 2am, phone is dead & needs to be charged, I need to wash my face, and yet my ass seems to be superglued to the couch.
RT : RT : It'll all turn out perfectly in the end, if it isn't perfect it isn't the end...
just saw a pic of the guy that commited that hit and run last week.
Follow me on #viddy havent posted any vids yet but soon
So do I! RT : I think #Thuginacocktaildress needs to start trending in honor of the #RHoNY starting 2mrw :)
coming from the one with her iPod password as "Niall"
only in fox land is the extension of rights a war on something, but taking things away is not.
no worries! hope life treats you well ;) XO
If vagina's could talk... Whatcha think it would say?
Seminar on using data to make your marketing programs more effective. Narrowcast v broadcast.
There is no love sincerer than the love of food. -George Bernard Shaw
Man he will get a deal win or lose! RT : Phil Phillips
Also, thanks for making me realize I left the noises on for my phone before I left my desk for two hours.
#oomf tries to regulate like he my husband. So unless your my husband I'm not going to listen to you LOL jk
Talking to her on phone>>
Looking at different soup recipes ...m, yes =]
Go Tebow! Go Broncos!
Hopefully this class will help you learn more about using Twitter
feel better!
Look for interesting interview w/Dow sustainability exec in coming issues of
Back from #coachella ready 2 roc WeHo w/ sicknasty beats starting tomorrow AM at 830. Get your bike & let's party!
Thanks for the follow!!! U r my 888 follower!!!!!!! Awesome!!!!
Nice win in front of a nice crowd for the That helps close the gap for the #8 seed in the Eastern Conference.
hang in there
I was there! Even finger-dipped the frosting! ......
Watching the convo between 2 of u is like a train wreck. I don't think either 1 is saying wut the other hears. :/
I need someone to cheer me up asap
hey there! did is noticing our tweets.??huhuuh
cuddling up on the couch and planning her first powerflow class.
Defend her always. Even if you don't agree with her opinion, respect it and not just stand up for her, stand beside her.
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling
I hate how night time is when I choose to do my deep thinking.
The ladies here in the Front Office would love a followback...girls in sports ROK!
perfect I might have to hit up some Contra
Good show. Opened with a stellar in-ring segment & closed with another.
why do you keep on pretending that everything is still ok?
haha great idea
Hey , thanks for the follow! Congrats!
thanks for RTing my tip. Hope you are enjoying this holiday season.
sure! are you still doing it?
putting it all in your hands lord
It's a small world, but there are a lot of variables
Should I pull a &tell credit card comp I won't pay my bill 'cuz I have too much debt even though I spent the money?
No problem for them they can have "wives and Concubines."
Be sure to watch 12 Sports Stephanie Sutton tonight on at 10:00! She is LIVE from Hollywood w/ a EXCLUSIVE!
If brings back David I will be so happy. Please bring him back!
Uni with quail egg = gagging
i need to tan...my butt is crazy white!! like twilight white!
Life lost its meaning for me ~
been working on a new song all day. to my 5 fans out there, get ready.
Vegas always leads to confusion about when an appropriate bedtime actually is
My bestfriend won't pick up her phone now I'm bored
- Lebron James hairline is still back in daylight savings time!
thank you, darling! I think you're awesome, too!
Listening to Taylor Dayne live. Girl got some pipes.
Great social media session yesterday at
How do I go about Siging Up for Tomorrow's ????
Oh. Well then indeed, old BMTH was the shit.
RT thank you. I am flattered. And yes I will “: Follow me back Scott? you're beautiful <U+2665>”
Any word on potential make up date if they call it tonight?
follow me back please??. Thanks:)) #HURRY #TEAMBIEBER<33 ;)
Today just sucked.
Did someone say ?!
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything
Great Job!
Thank you! I'll see if she can help us with
#sffd doing CPR on a person in the park strip at Park Presidio and Anza. Possibly a medical examiner's case.
damn you are so hot, why did you take off your videos from youtube?
Looking forward to seeing the app. Thanks for applying and good luck. Spread the word!
I love GreenLearner!
Is it obsessive if "The Choice" is on repeat for my entire 3 hour round trip?? I would just like to consider it dedication!
#YouKnowHesTheOne when you can talk to him about anything and everything <3
- I don't agree with premise that Ochocinco, Stallworth, Gonzalez, Edelman, Branch, Lloyd are all that talented.
we hope your program is a huge success !!
AL of #TeamBreezy and PLEASE FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK :D
html/css? yes, please.
thank you!
Is anyone else picking up on this weird repeating noise on the Emmys that sounds like a cellphone from 1992 speed-dialing?
My back is killing me and I look ugly as fuck. Not a good day.
2010 Summer City Smell Review: KC, Austin, NYC, Philli - Prairie & Asphalt, Antique Stores & Cactus, Urine & Street Meat, Rain
ha! yes. RT : Gonna start a band and name it "The Starred & Forgotten Emails"
HAHAHA! Im bad...but not THAT bad! XD
If you can't find a job - create your own! What's your best advice for those who want to start their own business?
Yay! What's your feedback/takeaway? RT : Listening to Casey Benedict at the Bloggers and Marketers
are you ashamed?
Of all the men that saw me moving boxes & furniture solo, not a single guy offered nor asked to help. Shocked at the lack of courtesy.
Do you take Boniva? We have vouchers for 1 FREE Month of Boniva!
Nothing makes my Saturday more complete than hearing eating potato chips obnoxiously loud in my ear.
how would you like to be entertained? i can get hit by a car if you think thats semi funny
#dhtrial observers seem to feel there is a lone holdout who was insisting on the answer and the rest are ready to go
We are organizing all the photos & videos from the events. We'll let you know when that's all done for LA.
PROM NIGHT <33
I was so good at dinner last night!
If you're still letting a past relationship affect you then you're not actually over it.
when you aren't allowed to pee during or after school...and you suddenly get the urge to pee because you know you cant go<<< :(
hell ya bitch! he kills it!
#LegoSeriousPlay shared models externalize thought and spark conversation.
Hoping Saturday's monitoring went great. I am right there with you, girl. I will let you know how our big day goes tomorrow.
awww damn, she has FINALLY replied. Go head Dill, go cook boy!!!
In Cleveland, Ohio you need a hunting license to catch mice. #odd facts
i love you on House of Payne
RT : Enter to win one of 5 copies of the "Let's Predict Fun Deck" app from Super Duper on Consonantly Speaking's website -...
BTW we've got the first snow of the year today!
bless you my friend for He is Adonai!
I don't sweat my nigga, I a b like what's this clear shit drippin from my forehead...I Phil Jackson the game right now...lol
I love the new Mexican restaurant Mi Hacienda...1000000 times better than Rancho Grande that place ain't real Mexican
Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
DONT NUN SMEEL BETTER THAN YOUR MAMA
about what? How bout Spongebob? Better character, Sandy the Squirrel or Gary the Snail?
"Needs have no schedule" says speaking of community giving and their Global Month of Service.
Holly cow. Indoor growing is a complete science. Ppm, dillution ratios, siphons, anti clogging filters, hps or metal halide,luv it
it was great seeing you in Nashville! Hope to see you again soon! Besides, I still owe you that drink! (:
Would you use Netflix instead of cable if it were free but ad supported?
9 wonderful hours to sleep tonight. Ah yes.
Thanks, gentlemen, for the re-Tweets!
haha - I just emailed you a reply. Truly sorry for the delay.
ok ill get some =]
Playing the Tower Bar (Sunset Towers) tnite, in duo with Gordon Bash, 7-11.
How long must it take?
Not really feeling tomorrow but I mean who is?
..you see, i could do my homework in all 8 of my classes OR i could look through pictures from the show....im going to go with the pictures
That last minute epitomized JaVale McGee.
Why do miracles always wear disguises?
I came in a different way this morning
haha I'm going to SoundC by myself cause there was only one left! aww on sat I'm in B reserve somewhere and 15th sec 44 :) .xx
I hope when my Mom visits she doesn't notice the 300 conveniently sized Dixie cups she bought are gone when only 1/4 of my mouth wash is.
What is #ccbe?
Feelin so good! Confident about mine, Smile on my face, floatin round on cloud nine...Dont Be Annoyin Im Just Enjoyin This
no I really don't .
If it has a good picture, I want to freaking save it for god's sake. WORK IN MY LAPTOP.
OH: "I love your service and will consider it again if you do another Groupon special."
RT : RT : still has the Album of the Year thus far,
#RnBThrowBacks : Can't Help but Wait ~ Trey Songz
did you develop this independently or is there a publisher?
im right here :)
Girl: Um, Ms. Chatman, I'm kinda sick. I threw up at 5 this morning. Me: Why are you at school? Girl: My momma wanted me outta the house.
That's a random picture! And that roach is hugee!!! Lol :D
It's been a long fucking day
woohoo! Gotta love disappearing stains...
I'm convinced smithwicks is an Italian beer. After I drank it, i tasted 'Italian' on my mouth for about an hour.
I have dancing on the dancefloor with me :P
I don't see the Brewers doing anything in the playoffs so i'm all in on the Packers right now
Police finally caught the guy who was printing counterfeit 8"x10" photographs His mistake: mixing up the 8 inch side for the 10 inch side
I'm on the way<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+008C> MEGABUS!
hey it happens, right?
Sounds about right. I'm now convinced I'm not marriage material.
It's going to be continued next season. (Haven't you got any imagination?)
Good morning everyone!
Big day tomorrow. Can't wait
Which is something I'm willing to wait on a fix for. You know, making sure there's gas, in the fuel tank, on the airplane.
Charles Barkley is a dumb fool. Obama will lose to Mitt. We aren't that stupid to make that mistake again. Stick to fucking whores and DWIs
your tweets entertain me. :D
I'm looking forward to it, toots!
no Logan, it's not just pretty great..... it's one of macs best songs!
Got me fucked up
Ray Wise doesn't age.
forreal like i went today and they are improving<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I Hate Getting On Crouchy Buses -___-
I wonder what the ohh so sexy, is doing right noww ? :D
legit ending. Good start.
Author of 1st book on Twitter, Publisher, Blogger and Social Media Radio Show Host
LOVE yourself! You're worth it!
Had so much fun at the beach today(: sleepin over livs AGAIN! bestfiendddd<3
you asked, I simply answered. #icannottellalie haha
It should be a age limit on hoein....Seriously. This lady got a cane out here sellin on Elvis Presley. Smh
Hump Day! Also Wino Wednesday!
"A loving heart is the truest wisdom." ~
Hahaha, America demands them!
i love my haters im not average
u guys know where the game is streaming tonite?
RT : RT : I love how makes kids want to go out & play to up their levels!
FUCK NO THAT WAS A BULLSHIT ASS CALL R U KIDDING ME
Dirty Dick's Crab House ;D
center field lol and maybe pitch .
start slow with just the tattoo :)
Thanks! I use it a ton.
just grinding like usual ya'll at Adestiny need to do some work with me!
you should follow me today pleasee(;
Why I love Cali: Exhibit A: "I would sign a bill tomorrow to eliminate the 9th Circuit [Ct of Appeals]. That court is rogue." -Rick Santorum
Thanks for watching Jennifer!
Congratulations Gophers! Enjoy your trip to the
I don't even feel sorry for you because i warned you . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Good looks We will be Listening
J Carter answers that we all need to feel each neighborhood's safety matters to all of us
Cyber shibboleths: Telegraph View: Biblical texts make fine computer passwords.
A great soul will be strong to live as well as think
Who's havin' a Labor Day party I can go to?
if you follow me and your account is about ANY Sport Ill Follow you without a Dough. =) If you don't just Ask me And Ill Follow you. =)
Learning a ton of stuff for great marketing tools in #Indy for engaging content for our patients!
Hey, I just finished printing one of the shots I got of you. Can you DM me your email address so I can send it to you?
love this! atlantic-pacific does it best!
I know zombies aren't real, BUT WHAT IF.
at the crib working.. not going out tonight!
Swim meet on Wednesday!! Lets hope I don't almost black out this time. lol #Exciting ;)
Sounds good. Just hit me up. Really interested to hear about that weeknd show.
: many pr people are still stuck in the 80s. Writing a tweet is a lot different than writing a press release
Love Aint For Everybody!
Watching great visual presentation at #OBCAI panel about coworking by Jerome
Hey Jill check out our new album single on ITUNES- RORY-MAC - "Midnight Moon Shadows" .. Hope you like it!
No thanks, that was in response to your sponsored tweet.
The rain is slashing sideways out my window, the Loop traffic stalled but the trees and flowers are rejoicing.
UCF Homecoming. Downtown will be great this weekend!
WOO! good luck! can't wait to see some videos.
Will publish & post link to Storify thread soon. On an iPad and flaky network, so a little tricky to do.
Actually, scratch that. The 7.3% increase by was international. In US, the number was 8.9%.Not bad at all.
I GOT INTO UVIP AND GOT ROW 10 BUT THEN IT SAYS TIMES UP WHILE I WAS FIGURING OUT THE CODE AND STUFF. FUCK MY LIFE.
It's definitely different working with a man at my job
lmao, you're such a back-stabber
are you gonna follow me today?
Aha, makes sense. Yes, I would much rather receive an email than a voicemail haha.
It was such an amazing and life changing experience for me...I thought I hit a wall, but I now know I have many options available
Raising my kids for twenty minutes.
thank you!
he also said if it were up to him, he would've fined him more than that.
just liked on fb! looking forward.
screen name for WwF?
followed and RT'd. Have aQubeey Sunday
Thanks! I think I've nearly got the husband convinced it's worth buying. :)
Thanks for the congrats in "Dapper Dan" throwdown (pg 192)!!!!
#feltdown start Nolan smith or Flynn and see what they got
4,000th tweet coming up... Gotta think about a s/o
Large belts are envied by the wind.
Important #EdcampDetroit information. Parking in Structure 2 is $5 and credit card only. Please share with others.
yup! Just on the road with very limited access to email. We are still on for 7/2 right? I get home on 7/1
About me I know
dear y r u guys so hott
In 66' your team played in the NIT, coached by the legendary Peck Hickman.
When do the Saints pick?....oh... yeah
#Bookkeeping Tip: To pay overtime to tipped employees, pay all hours at straight time and use the blended rate for the overtime calculation.
“I think the reason why Zayn doesn't have his drivers license is because he would get too distracted by his reflection in all the mirrors.
Yup- I think I'm hearing the pillow & mattress callin my name!
Keeping #vatech in my prayers hope the madness is over
Wow!!! Awesome performance by Cirque!!!
Love your profile pic... Josh is great!
oh wait. this tweet is for tomorrow but Happy 23rd Birthday Vanessa Hudgens! <3
Keep on dancing till the world end :)
I am going to be interviewing the person behind the scenes who created the top selling personal development products over the last 30 years…
if you love Mahomies you have to follow !
Thx for the add! I listened to a couple of your mixes and I dig it!
(c) May 12th at Noon First 400 to buy tickets get a Meet & Greet
Getting on Madden 13, Send over your gameplay bugaboos #M13Event Got some great feedback already, Pumped for other guys to play for 1st time
Just sayin I love TeenyB now!!
nothing just glad the crappy day is over sup with you?
New set coming up yeaaaayeahhhh
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
EXACTLY! We pay you, that's enough. Just do it!
should i get excited about my Dayton Flyers?
I just backed you with $40 — yeah buddy!
Kevin I respectfully disagree. This same guy Thomas said he once aspired to appear on Glenn Beck's show. WTF?
Isn't the show at Terminal 5?
Hang out again today?! (:
Tomorrow. Mass ave Starbucks
Its not even about what others think of you, its all about your own selfimage.
The Nature Museum is honored to be able to work with !
had to go with Foster
Petite giraffes or whatever are NOT real Morgan. "They need lots of hugs and kisses or they make tears"....FAKE...my friends are tards.
really? That's blasphemy...
Congrats ! You are Tuesday's Bobcat Goldthwait contest. Direct message us your address and we'll mail out your prize!
Two Bellmore homes are evacuated as workers repair a gas leak. Homes on the 400 blk of Stewart Ave. are without gas.
Slight dip in freight has no bearing on rising truck orders
It will happen soon enough young sir. :-)
Doesn't sound positive! I don't want to cry while watching.
I can never decide if it makes me happy or upset when great musicians become mainstream. Current conundrum: Gotye.
Love bumping into <U+263A>
Some people need to learn how to spell -.-
I know about 1/4 of my kids were SO not ready for an AP level class & may have given up during test
In the studio tracking guest vocals!
12/11 at 1pm, film & talk @ the museum Santero: Art of Devotion by Kirk Ellis, the award-winning producer of the HBO mini-series John Adams.
It is MORE than a true story. It's a true story that I get to write.
RT : "The big rewards come to those who travel the second, undefended mile." - Bruce Barton
If you yawn near my dog, she will quickly try and lick the roof of your mouth. i instinctively snap shut, her stitches come out in 2 weeks
Facebook needs a new Board and new CEO. Zuckerberg is an idiot who should be fired
,Ron Paul sound like a sissy or gay, he is a Man why don't he talk & sound like 1 change his name to "Sue" whodoUdo"
If it is he won't be single for long. And if he needed a date he could have called one of us! :)
#CIO Quote of the Day: Legacy begins the day you put something in."
I love the logo!!
didn't Conan pull off jeggings? Maybe they're ironic pants.
Happiness Rule #4 - Give more...
I blame Leela for my sleepiness too.
Good effort Clint, but I liked Eminem representing last year.
Wow!! Just heard Donna Summer died!! It breaks my heart. R.I.P. Another legend. <U+2639>
lets find some time in the next month!
Best combinations: hungry, cranky, and crampy. LOVE IT!
We're running out of room quickly for the fall adult season. Hurry and sign up your team!!!!
Tell Me That You Love Me...
Today 1944: USS Wisconsin was commissioned for active duty during WWII.
So Now You Wanna Be Weird But In School Youu Be All On Me .
The century-old novel right-wingers believe guides Obama
It doesn't work like that Julie...BOOM!
i am new to twitter so if you follow me ill follow you? and a shoutout plz?
On set for Comfort Food. Busy week!
Jam dat like life depends on it
I've been wanting to try this place! You give it a thumbs up?
I have to install a patch to get to work with a WCF behavior extension?
...this weather is so crazy!
Just had a dream within a dream #inception weird
use your left hand and it will feel like someone else is making you a cocktail.
I assume means removing advertising from all of Premier Radio/Clear Channel. Correct?
What's up?
forced me to follow him with threats of swirlies. I caved.
AT&T Smacked with Class Action Lawsuit Over Phantom Data
RT: Delete. Delete. Delete.- things balck women say???
Thanks for sponsoring! RT : We're excited to serve coffee tomorrow morning ! See you guys bright and early ;-)
77 years ago I started the first of my trials for income tax evasion..gov't said I owed close to $100,000 ( 1.6 million today)..nertz..
#20ThingsAboutMe 20.) I wish me and my mom could have a best friend relationship.
But itz cool!.. 2marr iz my day!.. No niggaz bitchez family no nuffin!.. Just me n my bitch #MARY!!!!
Let's get weird!! Let's get weird!!
Thanks for the
Hey Bella, please reply to this. I wanted to say hello and that you rock! SentryScene13( ) out.....Peace.
is at the game Ahh #Come on united
Alright, as much as I hate to bail on Miami.. Spurs.
I wonder if Captain morgan and Admiral Nelson ever fought on the high Seas? It could've been the Battle of Spiced Rum
Got You! Will definitely start that tomorrow! There is a saying that the most important meal of the day is Breakfast!
Holy shit, another convert!! that is 2 more fucking awesome people this week, first Erik, now you. I use TweetDeck & twitter app
Congrats on your love union and good luck at the MLA!
What website can I download odd future vol 2 album on?
Scrape up your money (You dont need much) and come but a home in CA. The prices are insane !
I feel like I'm cheating when I get the pistachio without having to open the shell
how did UK let him out of Lexington???
I feel your pain ;-)
(punches the wall)
awesome meeting you last Thursday night! hoping ill get to the STL show & get to see you in action! :-) have a great show!
& Captain Kirk as best ever: particularly when he wore eyeliner.
I didn't realize how wrinkled my dress shirt was until I got to work.
Thanks as always - enjoy your week! The Chic'
May 1 2012 in a few hours. How time passes by!
Good morning <U+2665>
I would love to order Blackberry Grape online anywhere but CAN'T! HELP US!
final point is the best: status quo is "no bill." congress need not actively legislate (yet) to protect open source culture.
Dumb ass stalkers
I forgot about him
Gahhhh everyone in this line is talking about Sex and the City and this just became my hell.* ..........*which makes me a total Samantha.
very well said
Happy Friday the 13th
#publiclibrarythemusical "The Copier, The Toner, and the Self Check-out" (a la "The Atchinson, Topeka, & the Santa Fe" by Judy Garland)
Is it bad that I'm a 20 year old that still sees a pediatrician?
You know, i think that 's icon is hot! :$ <33
some people only follow u 2 see if you gone follow them back. if you dont then they unfollow you. thats cool to. dont take the shit personal
is really hoping that ralph macchico really does the crane pose in his dance performance.. i guess life really does imitate art.
They say the blaccer the berry the sweeter the juice they say the darker flesh and the deeper the roots
i am now paranoid and must purchase better protection from rabid tigers. :)
Have a great day ya'll! *in Texas accent :-P*
ha, a bit of this cool rain for a bit of your warm sun? Deal!
I'll be there, but I'll miss you all this weekend. <U+E403>
I ran to class in flip-flops last night. It was only a few blocks, but my shins are not letting me forget it!
Time is a wheel in constant motion always rolling us along.Tell me who wants to look back on their years &wonder where those years have gone
it says I'M married to loki.... I didn't know he would swing that way o_o
Waking up at 7 tomorrow.... always on my grind....
I'm super exhausted omg and tomorrow I go in at 3 :(
do you have it a lot!?
I have a great passion for living in the Burgh!
"Reaccessing campaign", now staying in race? Strange turn of events. RT So Perry and his son indicated the gov is going to SC
I think #proscfriend is a state of mind we should promote for , don't you?
I only see 2 final tables for you
Want to do something naughty
It is what it is 'til you change it.
Bush getting in Ryan's head. #FearTheBushBlitz RT : Jarrett Bush just crushed Ryan, doesn't matter on the 21 yard completion.
OMG. This morning, I was on my way to my orientation and I just collapsed in the middle of the train station. Awkward and embarassing. -.-
Anyone else having trouble posting status updates on FB?
Appreciate you grindin So hard out there brother!!! for real lets get it!!! JO-WAYNE JTP!!!
I'm up for it , yo Lo hiciera :)
Congrats to Adele
agh caught red handed by a coworker... I'm up I'm up...
Just an update...we're still in a suspension. Play has not been cancelled, yet.
go buy them then!!!! lol
thanks for following.
Walking by the music school and seeing the audition tent reminded me of a nervous but exciting time in my life.
Let me finish that sentence. "......BADASS MOTHERFER"
Good for you. I think that's why I've never been able to get through the entire movie. But, maybe for the times it was real.
I have a fucking head ache now.
Startup focused in the financial serives sector ? R U looking 4 funding & support? #startup #fintech #investment bit.ly/pXQFnI
My life when I was 13^^ Learned better though!
Beware of Rashin Henderson Lansing Illinois pervert loser !!! Block him on Facebook.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 284
OHMYGOSH SO I WENT TO TYPE 'hey!' AND THE IPOD CORRECTED IT AS JERRY . WHAT
Happy 20th birthday to So thankful for your sweet life!!
I was upgrading my profile. I really love that site it's like the big brother to :-)
Job Opportunity: Software Developer to write high performace computing libraries and applications to operate on massive data sets.
must. finish. cleaning. room....:'(
Now if I could just delete my old, dumb Mixels that I don't like…
"I don't care too much, but I don't not care." Aristotle told his closest friend.
SNOW SNOW SNOW SNOW! But have no fear both Dallas and Ft. Worth offices are open today to help you. Please call 214-953-2233 For more info.
#WaysToGetOffThePhone "Aww damn, Well My phone's gunna die & I forgot where I put my charger.."
oops I absolutely did not mean to disturb everyone
Bumping escape from babylon to the kingdom of zion by alborosie this am
im back on track add to the fact that i never really drive sober
Today's goal: Introduce yourself to someone new (with genuine interest). Find out something about them in return.
Stuart? Hahaha wow that's a great insult lol
#patriotgala Great evening with War Heros and Friends
Big cheers to for playing The Indigo Girls "Galileo" at the end of their segment on Galileo!
AH OMGOMGOMG WOO
was not avail via mobile! Okay , crying now ~
Because I can
just found you on Spotify :) YES
Two more wickets, and #Surrey will be following on after lunch.
"Remember Hey Arnold? Rugrats? CatDog? Rocket Power? Kenan & Kel? The Amanda Show?... When Nickelodeon made sense."
heading to Prescott, WA. tiny town with no stop lights....
Just an ordinary day at school. Field trip to my teachers house
I walked into a gunfight with a knife to kill you
This is bothering me.
Ugh, no! No no no no no! Damn you Tuesday! *shakes fist violently*
God is awesome feeling a bit tired but it's all worth it semester came to a close...
I hope my curls don't get messed up when I sleep.
I love you
Mandatory vs discretionary subjects of bargaining. Students are a little surprised that sick days and vacation not mandatory.
Howdy All... Thanks for the ShoutOut!
He's home!! My brother is home
#teamfollowback let's go!
I knew you were going to call me bug!
Good point re: Klout. I agree it shouldn't be taken too seriously. I use it to set goals, not to validate me. Thx, Alice!
About to go get my perm
Going to get me a dozen doughnuts yayy.
great running into you! (btw; awesome wifi 4sq list)
Why is it that when I have car probs it never is just an in & out thing? The mechanics just told me that my brakes r f*'ed & can't be fixed
I might try to roll out, but I have to drop some shirts off in Hollywood that night as well.
I read CH and really loved it. That's the KIND of thing I'm looking for.
Shooting of Iranian woman in street protests or killing of Gadafi come to mind.
Is it totally giant like the trees?
Welcome back Warehouse 13, great episode, gonna be a great season!
That awkward moment when you notice your friend is wearing your panty
It's happening slowly but definitely on the right pace
C++ tries to guard against Murphy, not Machiavelli. ~ Damian Conway
Going to Coldwater Mchigan to do some camping for the long weekend.Theres always a large group of friends that we camp with.Love that! : )
Worked on my #SHEAR paper. Should be a good presentation. If I can just get the intro right.
now that you have this sweet job at Reebok I'm already looking online for things I would let you buy me
Excuse me, is there an airport nearby large enough for a private jet to land?
Stop into Bayshore Mall and save an additional 25% on all women's clearance items.
Won all the gold. $1,810.
no problem David!
So all CA students who are giving the exams in may 2010 r in big worry what will going to be happen along with me.
LOL Dogs like to pee by the Fire Hightdren
i see you value time, 7th track in, good to know when you're having a conversation with someone.
Thank you! The honor and pleasure are most truly mine. All my very best,
I demand a TCM screening of "Boys in the Band" to back that up, so to speak.
Thanks for the recommendation, Oli.
Straight up. I haven't got this excited since we made the playoffs.
They're advertising metal detectors on CNBC for those who've given up on traditional investment strategies.
Felicia, my darling good friend, you have to TWEET! Write something pithy about the craft of writing! Love You! xo
Would you mind a hard copy? That sounds awesome, but not if it's too much trouble!
bruh were the ugly pic at
how do you imagine stations using storytlr? what are the #pubmedia use-cases?
Hey Kernersville people, do any of you know if Planet Fitness there is decent?
I wish I could tweet and text as fast as with both thumbs!
Turn it up. Raise it a level.
I can't stop singing drop it like its hot today!!
RT Snooki’s kid will have the biggest penis in first grade… because he’ll be twenty-seven.
Every recruit should want to go to Pitt. Evidently you can take four steps if you go there.
Affordable, Brand New Earth Advantage Homes coming this summer on 647 NE SUMNER ST. Prime inner Portland location!
": Mario Gomez is the worst good player in the world." We got a Carlos that ain't always the best.
me wants ribbon
HAPPY FRIDAY EVERYONE !! Are you headed to the movies tonight? Check out what's playing:...
lol we will take you! Haha!
groundbreaking ceremony for Matthews Memorial Terrace, a affordable housing project in Ward 8. Thanks 2 DC Housing/Community
“ Ragegiving.” huh huh.. heck yeah
Thursday is ALL YOU CAN DRINK TAPS at for only $10!
Remember Ashley Hollingshead from Rorschach a few years back? Her company in Portland OR does bike tour plays.
500K per START to MISS a start & play GOLF?
"Texas has big opportunities, especially with young people and Latinos" Andy Fernandez, Libertarian Longhorns
ah gotcha
I promise to never refer to you as tweeps.
lots of good reference today at , geotagging training, sanborn fire insurance maps, reference manuals. now it's
GO AND FOLLOW SHE IS AHH-MAY-ZING
"The strength of your life is measured by the strength of your will." - Henry Van Dyke.
Did you see "The Avengers" this weekend? What did you think?
:) back atcha! How is the new house?
Feeling R E A L L Y bad for no reason.......... #fuck this
Going to bed. Let's read book.. goodnight tweethearts
Carmageddon has arrived and literally nothing has happened. The epitome of "mildly fearsome." Well done.
It's a sure sign of a good time!!
Thx for the mention.
Thanks for this! A great way to start off Lent and keep Lent in perspective for the next 40 days.
How will you get to the Go Go Green 5k? Sometimes you just need a car...Thanks for sponsoring the race! (car sharing = green)
it has to be creamable - SURE BUT TOO WARM AND YOUR COOKIES ARE GOING TO BE TOO FLAT
I wanna add to the collection lmao sike naw
wow!! thts horrible!! isnt anyone there for like witnesses to say shes wrong?
They're all full of drama!
I'm sick of the word "Haters". It's so overused when people get defensive. Haters trash talk. Having a legit opinion is not being a "Hater".
Shows today in Winchester at the Alamo Drafthouse Winchester
Plans for today: volunteer in the morning, then meet and then close at work.
loved ur bergmanesque character on "children's hospital"
Been busy, busy, busy and have been neglecting the blog... but coming soon: Garages for Old Houses!
Really nice sneer in the facial expression! Not too much - just right!
GREAT JOB LAKERS!!!! WAY TO COME BACK FROM 18 DOWN IN 2OT TO GET THE WIN!
That's really funny!
Here I am again.
Custom t-shirts are trendy, elegant and in fashion for all time!!
This headache is seriously killing me.
Good to see ya, anxiety attack. How've you been?
Cuz in the end girl u gona wnt another round....
Great, thanks!
John...I'm doing fine! Nice to hear from you It got cancelled...apparently they lost funding.
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again (code vezxn)
Listening to music that makes me want to dance c: <3
who is "y'all females" tho? Please don't compare me to those.
LOL THIS MY FIRST TIME WATCHN THE "TWERK TEAM" ON YOUTUBE GOD DAMN!!!!! SHAWTYS BE WATCHIN THAT SHIT LIKE ITS A MUSIC VIDEO A SUMN LLS
MY LIFE IS MADE.
Who said I already haven't? ;)
Doc Quit FEAR?
Learning about capital investment decisions today.
#MyTeacherSaid Mrs.TaylorKathrnMiller why do u come 2 skool so cute who u tryinq to look qood 4 i say i look qood for 3 ppl Taylor.K.Miller
The good thing about walking home late is that nobod messes with a zombie
nobody ever had sex next to your head..
I woke up from a dream where I was fighting off werewolves. My dream was less existentially productive.
I think , , or would know the current SD based record.
My baby b lookin @ cartoons like she really kno wat she watching & talkin @ the same time, silly baby :)
Five yr old sees difference between himself and pdd ADHD seven yr old now what. What! Do I share what do I say
I LOVE when you look at me like I'm Amazing!
Do everything with so much love in your heart that you would never want to do it any other way. ~Yogi Desai
at least 3 plays can make #sctop10 tonight for
I am one step ahead of you, already got them labeled! :)
hell yea I be running errands
Every time I remember that the boys aren't coming to my state, I get a headache, lol. This is horrible.
yes PLEASE! im coming the 1st six days of july
Support for has the #Harrimanunitedmethodistchurch rocking tonight!
thanks for making me miss my grandfather's funeral & Xmas with my family & adding insult to injury with awful customer service
T2 I'd see creating artificial barriers to instant/real time access of records as an obstacle, not a more secure/sane method
…ps, it's the old that makes me look old.
But can you see Uranus?
One side note is that dads didn't push wearing hats onto their sons. My dad wore a fedora all the time, but never made me do so.
Always looking for progressive house and electro demos!
I just found out that five of my good friends like Ed Sheeran. Are you serious bro...why the fuck am I not at that concert
@ sushmadeshpande Happy Holidays Sushma. Wishing you a fabulous 2012!
Lol. Thanks Greg.
RT : Why does taking a nap in the afternoon feel like time travel? #importantquestions //I WOULD NOT KNOW - WHO NAPS?
If the Giants win next week, seemingly putting the eagles out of it, you think they let Shady run wild?
Will do!
It's raining and my ceiling is leaking.
Check out ! Super rad guys and looking into endorsing them.
My bby mad cause I wnt let him eat crackers lol
Where is Austin actually moving?
blessings and more life for 2012 my sister :-)
Loving Spotify so much I'm thinking of upgrading to $10 plan so I can listen on iphone. Anyone else done it yet? Feedback?
i just sent you all the tracks on the latest mixtape we got called F.U.N. (Fuk U Niggas) let me know if we can work some magic
: did a short, powerful segment on #Trayvon on Saturday. Check it out online.
u the best power fwd in the game g go grizz
RT : woman who injected 8 year-old daughter w/ Botox for beauty pageants has lost custody. The child didn't look surprised.
maybe all black with wild makeup ... have u found ur look yet???
They Only Say " Justin Bieber " so We Wont Change Channels . they Know Us So well ...
“: You KILLED Because of Who You Are today!!! Miss you! :)”//thanks girl!!! Miss u!!! :)
thx for the
Last day of my internship. Looking for "good" dub step.
hahaha i swear!
I'm surprised no one had the idea to do a modern Sherlock Holmes before now. Groundbreaking.
I love how the weatherman is mocking the groundhog for only being right "39% of the time. Dude that's better than you
Mike Smith is almost as good a goalie as he is a soap opera star. Acting!
Hi Adam. How's school? I miss having you hold my purse on shoots.
I Hate Sitting Up Under The Dryer..Lol My Neck Hot As Hell !
heh to each his own :)
im not going yet lol
DeviantArt really is a strange beast. If you don't know who/what you're looking for, it's an orgy of sophomoric garbage.
One of my, uh, readers thought the Derek Jeter (trade-value) article was about him being dealt away from the Yankees -- not fantasy. Ugh!
im so board
Missed school today. I feel much better
finked out on the Bohemian Beer Garden outing?!?!
Note to ppl driving from Athens to Texas: not even to Alabama yet and have past 10 cops
Happy Mothers day to everyone !! -From the entire SenSpa Family!
We're the perfect two!<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
got a cute all time low poster/postcard I'll be giving away. deetz later. plus, a bunch of stickers! info son
why is e'rbody hating on JLo's singing or lack-thereof? we all knew what her limits were from jump street? quit ur bitchin! <--
Different director for the sequel to hunger games?!! Is he crazy?! Ill direct catching fire.
Rickie weeks is an animal
check out the electronic cigarettes at www.xxxmalltheaters.com/Stores.htm
#Filmtrivia: actors who passed on LOVE STORY (1970): Beau Bridges, Jon Voight, Michael Douglas, Peter Fonda, Jeff Bridges, Keith Carradine.
episode #10 of #9thspacecalvary is named the Long Goodby. Both the "Rat" pack and the "brat" pack is broke up. Let's hope it stays that way.
Watching east is east
wow you really are perfect
M Omaha steak from the grill with a Motion W branded on it. What a way to prepare for the start of the season! Go Badgers!
I graduated 2 years ago today.
Lol that's awesome RT : I share mine with Dennis Rodman
Cc RT : Waiting for the first mobile-first brewery website so someone can write a blog post titled "Drink responsively."
FML ; my new favorite saying !
I wanna go to the zoo!!
#oomf need to dm their number so i cant txt them when i be in the chi
Farmer's Menu Appetizer Special this weekend, come & get it! Roasted Sapalo Island Clams w/Collard Buds, Garlic, Ale & Crusty Bread. M.
Of course he is!! It's awesome. RT : Woops I probably should have asked him first. I do hope he's ok with it.
:) Keep pushin' you are almost done!!!! :)
#1919 What is your favorite IB dance from america's best dance crew?(:
Need to know who my Madden Guys going to E3 are? Let me know!
I love the people I work with, that's all there is to it.
when girls wear a brah to make there tits look 3 times the size
its my birthday... & it'd absolutly make my life, if you said happy birthday.. <33
Good stuff
that's the cutest thing ever omg
headed to Modesto, CA
whoop whoop!
IDK why I'm on here, but I guess I'll stay!!
Why does Carlos Lee turn into Keith Hernandez every time the #brewers play them?
Desperately in need of a change of pace
speak on it !
Rise & grind twitter fam! Cant get nuttin dun laying in bed except....well yall know, & aint nuttin wrong wit dat. But when u done, GET UP!!
has has sore legs from jumping on her mini-trampoline yesterday.
2nd switch replacement on the new gas fireplace...great device. Rated as one of the best, but the 10 cent switch fails (repair has said)
Like whom? I've been rejected more than a redheaded stepchild with a limp.
Heading 2 Denver this weeknd.Tried soccer last week, still little rough onthe ankle, I think I can pull off a USG game next weekend.
The joy for this Friday is incredible...TGIF!!!
Rondo just pressed the turbo button on that lay up. Pretty.
Special thanks for Barbara Blue for giving us a taste of her music this morning! Head to the Hark Rock this Sunday night to hear her live!
I hate that type of news :( Another one of the most beautiful birds just left her niche forever, Whitney Houston we will luv u 4ever!
28. We don’t trust you with our iPod’s at parties, mostly because we know “Call Me Maybe” exists. TFM.
What up, I just came back from my daily shredding..... and I almost ran over someone haha, wbu?
First action of the night: spotted a coyote carrying half a cat through a neighborhood.
Whats not to love?
Practice tip: If it was complex enough to bother writing down, NOBODY remembers what it actually says. Read it.
I hope you ate well at #afwf12 :) I'm jealous!
36 hours ago I was sipping pink champagne in Midtown. This morning...starbucks courtside at a volleyball tournament. Good times, all.
my dads bloodhound used to do the same thing! The WORST! She used to knock over everything!
Hey there! Leslie let me know abt your hospital stay. (not on twitter much) I AM praying for you!!!
#SomeWhereInTheGhetto ICE is busting someone without papers that's just trying to feed their fam ...smh
I'm so tired work has been busy TGIF for me but gotta work this weekend! Just wanted to let you know ;)
Was just likened to a Roman senator
RT : RT:: Congratulations to for winning !
sidewalk saying of the day: "style in DC is really an oxymoron"
haha sad but true long live seacrest!!!!
Love getting mail? Message us your address and we'll send you a cool surprise!
So much to accomplish in so little time with so much less to work with.
GET ME TO MIAMI
Regular straws or bubble tea straws? I mean, that's a pretty big difference.
DS9 ep with Worf as Martok's 1st officer is sheer genius. I frikkin LOVE streaming TV via Amazon Prime on my Kindle Fire. All TREK. Yeah!
Welcome to SF - Enjoy Boulevard, one of my favorite restaurants in the City
OMG no even wearing a seat belt!!!!!!
Seriously? R we gonna play either 1 of these teams? #Spurs We go this!
::wavesback:: you're welcome!
Yes, that sounds great.. Let's make this happen soon
Portlander hopes news footage of him at Occuppy Portland will boost his chances of becoming an extra on Portlandia.
Awesome movein specials on our new remodeled apartments. Please call us at 619-462-1940 or just stop by to take a look!
me after a good night lol
In health class.
Everytime i see a mattress on top of a car i think it's a prostitute making house calls ...
Collectivism is insidious. At the surface, claims of the "greater good" seem desirable. Reality = U must submit your individual liberty.
He was really a tough cookie, huh?
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. - William James (thx Uniquely Savvy)
There are pills for that.
Make my Lunch and The Zingaro are at Explora serving lunch!
Today: 1 stranded car, 1 van tire punctured by bolt, 1 chiropractr, almost zero twitter time, and a wistful feeling about a vaca to a beach
Morning twitter... video games, fishing, then family night with dinner and a movie. Avengers!!
Ha! Now I don't feel so bad. I caved too after swearing I wouldn't go back! Miss you! How's ur mom?
Thanks for following. What is your PokerStars club number? Invite code? Thanks.
RT And here it is. has officially declared Sat, April 14, 2012, as MILWAUKEE DAY in our city. LET'S DO THIS.
Concerts. That's All I Really Wanna Do.
It's totally normal go to the grocery store, come home, and then binge eat everything you just purchased, right?
Time to break for lunch. I'm forced to go out because of my company. I'll suffer through and get back to work later. Enjoy!! :)
It totally was funny. :) Now hush up before Wednesday arrives!
lol is marvin's fault he's being rude to u
#RealChangeProject celebrates the work of The Quincy Jones Musiq Consortium and its role in transforming music education in U.S schools
She says she's falling for me, Is it real or maybe she's just saying that so I can forget about how she still loves her ex.. Sigh.. <(")
Internet Marketer living in Broxbourne, Herts, UK. I love networking with like minded people.
oh duh.. I mean it's Cody. Two Australians back to back thoughh ha
we should put up a cover of us playing all i want like we did in guitar club. ill get it down for sure then we can just sing
Spontaneous!? Yes indeed it was!! ..And no one chipped their tooth just time!! Lmbo!!
8 year olds, Dude
I need 4 more followers to have 500 followers! :)
Spent the last half hour working on the self-assessment instrument students will use after tomorrow's oral presentations.
If I was a sailor, I'd sail the seven seas to tell you baby, I don't want you to leave. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Sad. RT This is efficiency. RT In 21 at-bats with the bases loaded last season, Yuniesky Betancourt created 23 outs.
Can't wait for this Bolland jersey to show up… Seriously, I just want my jersey already haha
what did you think?
Down 6 in their place and we playin like booty. Im confident
We ready to rock! New factory & sending all votes in for our top Fresh Kics to drop for 2012 summer time!! Lets go!! follow!
's tits be like woah.
WHAT?! Happy Friday to (and one of our clients) REP: Our ad server accidentally over-delivered your unit yesterday... by 6000%
Paired as visual by the markers of the matter To carry out the case in the matrix of plate and the matter of the rods higher than :-)
Thanks for introducing to a variety of folks at #Advertising.com! We look forward to meeting Crystal.
Instead of partaking in any illicit activity this Saturday night, I'm staying in so I can upgrade my computer's operating system.
can someone help me get more followers...awkward everyone has like thousands of followers and i don't even have 200! HELP MEE(:
sigh.. people*
Thanks for the follow
thanks so much listen I'm sorry cant talk talk to u tomorrow
One of my idols!
sitting in bio class. learning how solar energy is captured
thanks for the very last one (corn)
its always a bad sign if you have to sit on your suitcase just to get it closed
Untold suffering seldom is. ~Franklin P. Jones. And I quote this as I just took a chunk out of my finger with an exacto knife. It hurts!
ah. the sweet smell of WiFi in the mountains
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others ~ Audrey Hepburn
what picture lol I miss you Artha!!
congratulations on the publishing deal bro!
no im more into much more hardcore stuff. Posthardcore, deathcore stuff like that:p lol & ahh, thats nice doing it for her(:
Now if I just so happen to be around a shoe store with a lil bit of cash hanging around, I may be leaving with a pair
something tells me this was not something Mr. Churchill said.
Circling the block outside of a Comics Convention.
Hey , thanks for a badass performance last Thursday night at our presents: TU Goes to Acapulco party.
Monty Python and The Raging Bull - A bunch of silly English and tough Brooklyn guys kick the crap outta each other and then wear skirts.
said ~ we need to make it uncomfortable to behave in negative ways against women. we need a tipping point.
huh? Oh nothing <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
Daddy's Girl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
So far fish counts up to 3, few more and we got ourselves a dinner!
Thanks for the Mention sweetie :)
youre only young twice.... if you dont have offspring
Tried 2 get help from BOA via twtitter for a friend & they were useless. Just wanted info to pass on so friend could contact them
because they're always beating UW
My Friends & I are dancing & singing to "Valerie" -Amy Winehouse! I love Amy! xoxo
is now on Twitter! Sorry I'll miss the show in RWC tonight. Come back to SF soon!
I knew I liked you for a reason!
How the hell spongebob can't swim when he lives in a pineapple under the sea?
Zowie. Better hide the checkbook and car keys while yer at it, or he may take off for Dog Vegas.
There's a lesson for in how to concede graciously here... #class vs
problem is AT&T doesn't have it on HD, so i'm stuck watching bad quality at home.
You gotta swim, and swim when it hurts.
Hope everyone is ready for class Monday. I have a feeling everyone is going to need it after the weekend!
Looking forward to hearing Peter Greenberg speak at #ustia conference.
You guys were amazing keep it going #blueandyellow RT : Thanks nuggets fans you guys were great tonight!!!!!
Are you going? The Help Group's Conf: "Prep.Launch.Elevate: Supporting Teens& Young Adults in Transition to Independence
No problem u do really great :) <3
SAT word of the day: desiccated (adj.) dried up, dehydrated
Unremarkable child has a great destiny.
People who live in stone houses shouldn't throw glasses
Coffee Sleeve Ads, your competition probably haven't heard of this concept yet.
Funny how it turns out sometimes.
I'm going on Friday. Are you calling me a nerd? ;)
But you will allways be my boss in my heart!
The Maestro! Very cool.
now knows the difference between work, expression, manifestation, and item.
Blogging idea# What do people want from a cleaning service?
You really have a very unique last name. What culture/ethnicity is it from?
and and When do I get a Minnesota invite??
"Wonderpets, wonderpets, we're on our way!" I hear that about everyday.
"Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?"
my birthday is on the 8th. Can I get a happy birthday? Or a follow?
Lmfao when you find out a bitch lied bout fuckin with ya ex. Where they do that at? She said they was fuckin around, bitch you know you lyin
hi im a first time book writer I would like some advise
Safe trip! See you on Wednesday.
Sign at kids school "Teacher appreciation day. Bring card & gift card to your teacher." Seems high handed to me. It shld be spontaneous.
Tough for you to be a pariah at any conference. Just start talking about DJing and all will be cool!
The public/private feeling of DMs & tweets is very diff. MT “: Nothing scares me more in life than publicly tweeting a DM.”
Same here bro
what an amazing game and comeback! Go Matty! That fake was insane!
Mike Daisey, Hunger Games, Mad Men.
Gettin' a lot of girls isn't sumtin 2 B proud of.. Keepin' One is!
Good morning, hometeam. Let's get it.!!!!!
We will be starting #EdcampDetroit at the Student Center. Check your email for more info from EventBrite.
This is crazy.. I got a headache too
Weird. I have never experienced Google Voice downtime.
must root for Spurs!!
Good morning! Hope you're having a good Tuesday...
It's good now lol RT : ": My phone is jacked up so if your trying to text me just call.. thx :+)" what
With terrible D behind him?
My grandmas food. >>>?
Just saw mrs.english(: I love her!<3
right? It's ridiculous grow up lol
I had a great time taking pictures at Ta Phrom. Such a magical place!
PLEASE do the right thing to keep in business and doing great things for tourism in SD! You have the power, sir!!
yeah I think Mayweather's mostly to blame but still
Feelin the love at honors and awards the best part of
Great photos! RT : We're LOVING all yr pics of #vegan menu. Keep 'em coming, #VegWeek you could win a $20 gift cert
Hey Young led NFL in passer rating in '91, Holmgren's last year as OC. Again, Shanahan inherited finished product.
PR is the writer's menstrual cycle.
RT : Releasing "Going Rog," memoir of my time as prez of "What's Happening!!!" fan club as ebook... // missed my chance.
I'm sure the speculation industry would be glad to field some hate mail.
happy 3rd birthday to jade and my daughter, la-a ('la dasha ) baboona lopez-quinn. we love you babe.
Join me this afternoon for a chance to win Real Estate tixs, Columbus Crew tixs, and new album!
"Success isn't how far you got, but the distance you traveled from where you started" ~Proverb
“: got all the new songs in my head. hope you do too, soon.” don't torture me like this
I think you're right.
My 5 year old's favorite insult? "You work in Walker's office! We're sending him to Texas!"
About time I learned which box was for searching topics and which was for posting.
turning the clocks back to the summers of 07 and 08 #goodtimes #oldschool #
you are absolutely right!!! :) Right on!!
My ear aches!!!
#FF a few favorites for Friday
Brown butter fried frog's legs over polenta w bottarga w Pierre Peters Special Cuvée GC Best frog's legs I've had
thanks :) I just found some random tums in my desk drawer, so here's hoping. *crosses fingers*
I envy you the cool, wide open trek across the Mojave. Sending smiles!
Sarah Phillips.
I can't even make mashed potatoes in the freaking microwave.
“: Place a STUDENT DRIVER sign on top of your car, and suddenly nobody suspects you of drunk driving.” hahahahahah
Yeah, Hollywood parking is a nightmare! It's always fun when I find a space, but the hunt is maddening!
I'm sure it could be argued that the primary numbers are low BECAUSE the current batch are not acceptable...
This isn't the worst dinner I've ever had, but it's in the top ten. #Kale&HotDogs
I married my partner of almost 9 years in NY last year. It's not recognized here in MI but ya know, marriage /feels/ different
nothing is real right now. what are words.
I really hate today
Is it too late to keep wishing for this year's #snowday?
Guess its time to get motivated and enjoy this day....
not enough people know that the 1st white Zin was a mistake - incomplete fermentation.
Delhomme looks to be chasing his personal turnover record, 3 picks thru 2 quarters
Pondering the physical effects of information overload. What's really going on inside our brains?
awesome voice! :)
like the new avi!
Last religion class in T-minus 1 hour.
But really if you burp one more time...
I;m out night guys...
Kuechly SHOULD be slam dunk Defensive Rookie of the Year. Harrison Smith could have a chance if he starts.
What's the point of printing "English" lit if one needs a French dictionary to read it?!
Heard that mentioned the film. Can anyone confirm? Have a link? Pretty cool.
i feel ya on that girl!!:)
Tip:) The most successful marketing reflects brand consistency. Select a design, template, color scheme, logo, etc. very carefully.
Shadow #business coaching today! Great way to see the strengths of a company.
Great day today! So far this holiday season has treated us well!
does this mean god ran out of fingerprint designs????
Two games saturday LETS GO
Its my birthday and no one knew...
A homeless man just told me to go fly a kite. this is a moment I thought you would really appreciate.
Thanks for the retweet :)
what type of coockie did you eat
Delta canceled my flight and has left me on hold for 3 hours all-together now. Going to miss my grandfather's funeral!
a GREEN BAY PACKER threw out the first pitch? er
RT : Who wants to go to Improv tonight? My friends group is performing at at 8pm in Santa Monica.
What if we changed the rules under which #nonprofits operate financially?
that's nothing! Just wait till you see Windows 8 Clippy... In 3D!!!
its a family affair!
Make the most with our Manager's Saturday Special: 50% OFF all men's sport coats from 10 to 3 PM.
"yesterday's home runs don't win today's games."
Would you be happy to reach 15K in followers? has over 122K followers, and I don't think he notices.
Never Settle....Period.
Rooting for IU tonight - respect for my friend
So pumped to be going to Rupp tonight! #WeAreUK #
haha me too :)
smh i feel like death
Who's #lucky to wake up to a home cooked breakfast by a #wonderful aunt? #Me!
I've been responding to too many questions with lolwut lately.
Bryant Gumbel = Ignorant. Compared NBA Commish David Stern to a "modern plantation overseer". $5 million a year slaves. Where do I sign up?
I agree with Ric Flair,he is Wrestling
I want to have a guy that will walk me to my classes, hold my hand and give me hugs.
Chapters revised and passed on to co-authors! (just had a couple pages left, so not a tough goal today)
I can bring your crew thru. I meant to hit you yesterday when I got off
It's like 10 degrees hotter in this shop.....
STOP ALL
Really considering the same however i don't want to loss the many friends i have meet in my travels.
Plays posted in MMfrom 123 cappers today and 5 total consensus picks from their plays..See ya at the window
Stallis. As classy as I left it.
Everyone look at my last FB post this is all true my face book is Jenna Lynn Kaufmann and feel free to add me
hahahahahah, you know I'd ball all over you!
Our Benefits and Enrollment Department has 6 specialists who complete CalFresh and Medi-Cal applications over the phone--they've done 5,000!
Special prayers for those in the path and evacuated from Irene. Hoping the damage isn't too great.
Shut up foo before i get dat knife
Eddie this Tony W. I am downtown hit me up 407-217-4152!
Like the idea!
Oh you tease.
lol, should I play it?
All you need is Faith, Consistency and Hardwork....
All my friends are going away over the summer....at the same time....so I'll literally have no one
RT : May 12. Calling all choral singers. Singalong of Haydn Nelson Mass church,N Yorks. Retweet please.More singers?
The only thing #NC shows is that it has many uninformed and fearful residents. Thanks in part to bigots like you.
RT : When you're well prepared for the challenges, you can actually enjoy working through them.
Casey's on joppa road is the worst bar ever
Check your work email.
dj anthony READY to drop DRAKE/J COLE tix from kiss 98.5 TONIGHT!!
GAH, sounds amazing. Wanna hear all about it. Are you writing a review? RT Sitting in the front row for "Beauty and the Beast."
What teachers care about: 1% Drugs. 1% Violence. 1% Underage Sex. 97% Chewing gum in class.
I love it when a website with mostly flash content has a mobile style iPhone theme.
Let Me tell sumthin bahja dosen't have style us she aint cute like us and she can't be like us she is totally diifferent from us
Every other day I sit and wait for the same bad news Can you hear me say I've got nothing left to lose?
Thanks! Will do. :-D
At my lil brothers soccer practice, and thy say he's cute lol
#ThingsNotToSayOnAFirstDate Justin Bieber is my baby dady.
Race to see the fireworks. We got there, their over. Yeah....
I don't wanna be that girl.
Break times over, back to slingin pipe.
Missing my home state today. From cheese curds to brats to the smell of the breweries to smelt fishing off the pier.
don't listen to Courtney.
Plan on staying in "New Hollywood" till my degree is done and then I will move out to Southern Cali!!! Many new changes this year.
You would rock as mayor of Glendale, CA! Use your clout to give local issues a national stage! Bring sexy back to politics!
Young enough to know I can. Old enough to know I shouldn't. Stupid enough to do it anyway.
Thanks! RT : Enjoy the holiday weekend!
Working could I ask for a follow?
lol just leave he wont even notice
(Modes of speaking and listening, presumably)
Yes, Annie...I'm tweeting from jail haha
Oh yes, I actually think this was started by Brown public humanities students ;-)
Praying for "rain"??? Is your faith so strong that you're preparing your field for it, or are you still just "waiting"....?
The weekend has ended and can't wait for the next!
"If I were running Facebook, I could turn that into a million dollar company using the same approach."
Same here, but then I have the odd dream like this that leaves me wondering if my own brain has it in for me. . .
" Accomplishments have no color "
Attn college students -- UW is looking for a market. comm. intern, Mon-Thurs 10 hours/week or so. Email [Please RT]
what,I don't hate you.
CNN Headline: Economy Picks Up Speed. Fox News Headline: GDP Expands More Slowly Than Anticipated. Which is it?
Stood for an hour and a half outside of the 282nd court room. Bailiff says we're not needed. Back down to central jury room.
Caitlin Beadles is the perfect example of acceptance and tolerance for all people. She needs to explain that to her brother though.
This moment,i'm in Paris more.
have you tried Fallout 3 yet?
Who saw Tupac's hologram performance at Coachella? Whose hologram performance would YOU want to see, if you could?
I heard a bunch of soccer girls complaining about it cuz dean said they were no longer allowed after the fall sports meeting
thanks for the follow!
Corbin went to stay the night with grandma. :( I'm sad. I miss him already.
good ol Worcester! I worked with ur man last night. Miss u
hey its fine
thanks man. I love seeing your Poses. We have a lot of cool stuff planned.
Were they Mormons? I was into full-blown excuse mode so wasn't paying attention.
Day one of having no car & already annoyed
We have something very exciting up our sleeves for the end of the month! Stay tuned for more info!
“: . driver's seats should have bedpans built in.” --agreed! But...who would clean it? I would not want to.
Fml need another date for a wedding. This one is fancy too. Filet mignon anyone??
can you follow me back please??. Thanks alot. :) #TEAMBIEBER <33 ;)
One voice should be heard coming this election day....
Hey! Good to see ya! I think that night was the most swtor action any of us got.
Next time I see a #fb or #twitter girl who interacts wit me online & tries 2 avoid me n public I'm going 2 publically confess my crush on u
Rule No. 1: Never lose money. Rule No. 2: Never forget rule number one... -Warren Buffet
Looking for fun tweeps to follow, so I searched timeline for 'cunt'. You were like the 18th result, followed!
do you have a wired Xbox 360 controller?
Is anybody else hooked on #Oprah'sLifeClass? I'm so addicted to this show!
I wont lie, I kinda liked Earthquake Zin... although not as subtle as Teldeshi Vineyard by Ravenswood...
Freshman girls should not mess with senior bitches
Sending positive thoughts your way!
Hanging out with my bestie today, and mayb a few othrs....... :D
Only thing that's gettinn me through this week is knowing I'll be seeing THE HUNGER GAMES Thursday at midnight with :)
Hoping to firm-up most of my #CES schedule today.
“: Great times so far in #Soulard. Weather is warming up. come on down.” Then check out DJ Arty J till 3AM
follow me !
Dah! Why am I awake already! And why is that abominable #LadyAntebellum song stuck in my head?
do it i dare you!
"For our light and momentary troubles are achieving for us an eternal glory that far outweighs them all"
That's a great idea! Lets pick some dates that would work. Maybe a goat or lamb dinner?
Thank you!!!
Are you looking for adventure or looking to put your feet up this weekend?
Me and my son Michael were in the city. The woman passing by said to us: I love you guys.
Thanks for the tweet Eduardo!
Wait, do you have power?
not recently so im not pregnant lol I think its like a 24 hour thing.. Chills on and off fever stuff
"love" seems like a bit of an exaggeration
Happy mothers day
"The trouble with opportunity is that it is disguised as hard work."
Natural Leaders award goes to Leslie Cook, Teton Science School! She is that awesome!
Treat the people you love, the way you want to be treated
John Walsh is kicking that butt!!! On American's Most Wanted tonight!, better run bad guys, cause you can't hide, lol...
Lol, you've pocket dialed me like 4 times in the past 24 hours ! wtf?! I've got a hilarious voicemail while you were at work.
Wow, OKC, just wow, they are taking the Lakers out to the woodshed and absolutely kicking the shit out of them.
#ImWeakFor beer soup
Having the same feelings about #cdp21 and #c21nonhuman. But youre right, its important to resist the urge to be everywhere at once
RT : RT : Down in South Side for a little bit then later tonight!! So glad it's the
thank you! It was probably the easiest choice of the year :)
Well... I live in Virginia
lol. good one. :D
is not funny, i can't stop crying. she told me so much shit, my nigga i feel like dying, im not even kidding.
Like i was some peice of bs & lyk i aint matter.
That awkward moment when foxnews emails for press passes and the person to cover the show is a kid u randomly met 1 night when u were 18 FML
This is really not a good feelin
Had a great call with "TheBagLady" aka Laurie Dixon from the Columbus Dispatch
#QueueBarLounge on the casino floor is where ladies gather b4 going into the club
IM UP TO HOMIE!
Saw a custodian giving math advice to an upper-level calculus student. It's about time people figure out where the real knowledge lies.
It was good, yours?
about what?????
Tweet Tweet! I've had this acct for sev months & never get on it!! Don't know...
Lol awesome! Any plans?
Startup CEOs Crave Venture Capital, Not Crowdsourcing
hoping to see more, keep the vids coming =)
26 mill last season, 28 mill next, Mannings gotta go or forgo some of the bonus!?
gorgeous pic - you are glowing, and i want your drink haha
#Cubs 1-11 with runners in scoring position. That sums up the failures for today's game.
I just finished readingThe Girl Who Played With Fire. Now I'm killing time until my coffee wears off.
She still crying! Get over it! Lmao! I'm laughing inside cause then they will blame me hahaha.
U lost weight. lol
yall told me to mind my business
lol I better !
i done. fuck it ! its been the same bullshit since 6 grade
Nice weather and I have to go to work :/
Pickup Line: I think my allergies are acting up. Cuz everytime your around my dick swells up.
You can't even get the clues together.
ensemble groups should find trusted collaborator to take on that job.
sorry about that. I'll be sure not to let that happen again. We greatly appreciate you taking the time to act in our film. :)
yea but that still does not help how i have to position my paper lol
Hope i can hang out with tommorrow
holy heck!!! Thank you!
Watch the Colts be stupid, bail out on Andrew Luck and like draft a Punter 1st overall
Orange you glad to be a #Broncos fan!
Bitch be tuckin in her belly and callin dat sexy
OMG. My CD came out of a warehouse in Redmond WA. That's the city I was born in. My Trespassing was born in the same city as me!!!!
had so much fun tonight with u
RT : Pittsburgh American Idol !
Conjur party on Thursday 7-10!! Music, prizes and specialty drinks all night.
Did you know that you are less likely to suffer a heart attack on Friday? Have an amazing day!
Love this guy-PSU man who had offered to help get UM Marching Band to TX. You're an honorary Wolverine, my friend! RT congrats!
Will #Watson best the humans? Or will John Connor go back to destroy Alex Trebek before #Jeopardy! becomes America's Favorite Quiz Show?
I am posting it to the blog later
#gratitweet for the #Giants allowing me to be happy for the next 2 weeks.
great! Figured it was probably something simple like that...
I swear, the Roots Sports broadcasts are feeling more and more amateur with every game.
Rocking this Friday out & loving new followers Thank you!
Chemistry class
The squeaky wheel gets the grease - get up, stand up, and speak out
sorry and i didn't mean to be rude!
“: Happening Now: Gov. Shumlin is speaking on the importance of higher education in #Boston. #vtgov #students”
I MISS YOU.
PART 1:PART1:TO YOU NGK SPARK PLUG THROWING,FLAT HEAD SCREW DRIVER MOTHERFUCKERS...THAT FUCKED UP MY TRUCK THIS MORNING..
Heck yeah. Team OLÉ/UX done good, I think.
what comes first? The chicken or the egg?
Colorado we have the best printers and copiers in Colorado. If you go with us the color quality will be amazing!
Back to the office for the first time in 3 weeks...
Across the Universe did it the best.
*bad-um-cha*
Better get those finger tips in tip top shape. means serious biz.
good luck nephew!
ohh ok. then i wonder....what?
Is one of my summer projects going to be reading Game of Thrones?
Super Tuesday so far: Romney wins MA, VA, VT. Gingrich wins GA. Ohio is close for Romney, Santorum.
Ran 6 miles with a backpack rather than take a $12 cab ride
Awesome! We look forward to having you in!
Plan a meeting with Visimeet's scheduler
"You May Not Get There, but You Know That You Are Qualified, And You Hold On." - Jesse Jackson Sr.
done went hollywood on ya boii!! -dats all bad
When I spin a basketball on my finger, I use my middle finger. It's pointed at you if you don't like it
Hey #fxbg - CVL is getting ready for an incredible summer! Which shows will we see you at?
Me : do you like luke byran? Sarah: does he have a facebook ill look him up is he cute.? Me: oh dear lord.
Really #FAU? Sending us the billing email for next semester during finals week? You're an asshole.
ok, but fyi I'm making this a thing in the mornings before it gets too hot, so lemme know if ya want in.
Thanks! U either!
girl with the dragon tattoo is great
Happy Easter!!!
Based on last night, I'd pay $25-30. So many movies are in 3D these days, and I hate the theater glasses.
if an iPhone tracks your every move, then why waste all that money on Alzheimer's Treatments ?
so true
We're all gonna go get funky w/ our brothers in tonight Should be groovy!
Theres nothing wrong with u.
's Join Or Die EP has been on repeat for the last 3 hours while and are sound asleep.
Good luck to all of tomorrow's #BostonMarathon runners!
Just Layla & Kelly Kelly defeated Maxine & Natalya in tag team action with Beth Phoenix on commentary.
haha oh man i am legitimately thinking about incorporating glitter into my next painting... what's next, puffy paints?
damn the only thing you was good for
done and done.
“: St. Louis (MO) Business Journal: Starbucks adding wine, beer to lure late day traffic”
Britney Spears judging a singing show!? Whats next? A talent show judged by the kardashians?
My hair is damaged. :-/
I'll buy you pancakes at iHop because I own them iHopkins
Ayee shout to to Tcash great job fammo. All work no play. dats what u get.
The first 5 people who tell us why they love the will win a pair of tickets to this Friday's performance of "Mozart & Brahms!"
Watching Ky and Ks at the garden on ESPNU
Just saw a "Polish and Proud" bumper sticker that was upside down. Needless to say it made me laugh so hard. Love Pollocks.
Nice and smooth morning with Jazz,sun and darkroast coffee...
YES. Just what I needed. Thank you.
are there links to these Prezis anyhwere?
Great talk by , loved the parts about #wilderness and
God Must Love Me He Put A Beautiful Girl In My Life...
Everyone who got where he is has had to begin where he was." - Robert Louis Stevenson
connect with the Occupy movement, what you hope to achieve, what you will be doing at #MLA12, etc.
Way to go boys!
Cash Clown will be at Posh Night Club in Vegas for free V.I.P. passes an free Limo pick up contact 678-330-8414
Today not the day....
stop being so selfish. cc
today's lasting so long
La Familia, Hawk Nation
I'm obviously not a fan of Mormons.
Homemade spaghetti and meatballs for days
didnt get it yet...
New hair cut. Let's see how this goes
That's so funny! Working on it is the hardest! Makes me all dizzy-like.
that picture !! Oh no ! Lmao !!
im twitting alot.(:
I run a blog for a radio station I work 4 in Boston which features hot guys. It's fairly popular. How do I rate u?
Looking forward to sampling the Estate Zinfandel tonight at a wine tasting event. Cheers!
“: haha abs for sure” Nice! That is def the better 6 pack of the two!
My phones about to die at which point everyone's day will take a turn for the worse.
I'm not sure I could ever date somebody with an outtie belly button. Does that make me a bad person?
#AmericanU #wonks .. we know u love the Eat Wonky food truck, but what other food trucks do u want on campus? we will try to make it happen!
hell yeah Montee.
how are the reviews for it? Im always skeptical paying 60$ for one player game that is beat quickly
we have fastest contractor in the world - decided to finish an attic room 2 weeks ago - today there are walls framed and lights in.
That funny? lol
Who McGee thought he was?
sounds like my dream job! I <3 EDM
they looked good, didn't they??! I actually got bored and started cleaning. o_O
I ain't gonna bs you. Just had alot of school stuff plus other projects at the same time.
I SO want that game
that is some super gross candy time
I am too fat for that kind of commitment.
This is a dynamite spot for a private party! Intimate + fun! has the right idea for their Holliday shindig
Ok phone. Let's reset you. Maybe that'll teach you to be stupid.
All dick is the same!!! He got a SUPA one!!
Best of luck to Peyton and the Broncos, Denver will be much better for having you there. Indiana will miss you
Nice ab from wieters come on
So I heard something about the moon being big tonight... can anyone inform me?
Ah I love it when you say it!!!!!!! Me gusta mucho!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>hahaha
Wish I knew more songs so I could sing along.
Gonna be up all night thinking
Everybody's into social networking but everyone wants to protect their privacy. Before complaining, look at what you post!
yes u do fake matt jones,yes u do
“: People will forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel. - #FILive”
Did she just kiss her dad....
Aww ! You're so lucky Ariana followed you
I feel you get mad at for no reason <\3
Here we go!
RT: : Syracuse about to lose meaning Kentucky will be #1 next week
Doing a brownbag on data visualization next week. Anyone have any projects I should highlight?
Best news of day. Santana 5 IP, 2 H, 5 K, 0 R. Let's go #Mets!
Going to church today!! ~Tisha
:-/ RT : said my outfit was Japanese inspired because I was wearing sandals and socks. -_-
At a chinese buffet... so many samoans... poor asian workers can't make enough food to keep up lol
Can't remember the last time I actually cared because somebody didn't like me .. >>> #Kanyeshrug ...
Laser tag makes me happy. So does getting chased by 5 & 9 years olds. :)
All the blacks are pretty striking. There is a good crop this year
I missed seeing you! :(
Been Reppin the #CHI for years in the
Lala said to tell your sisters to call her
Rainy day is a good day for lunch with a girlfriend. Enjoyed myself immensely and managed to still conduct some business.
S/o to for trying to help.. Even though it's not gonna work !
That's awesome that it was an inspiration! I am glad to see another Trevor fan. Does babyart have a Twitter?
Ed Schultz called Laura #Ingraham a "right-wing slut." Where's her apology? #hypocrite Did Obama call her?
love my alternate fridays of all processing, all the time
Oh no and you are almost out of energy juice:O
You picked a great game to go to. That was baseball at it's finest.
Please like my fb fan page (shantel R5) Thank you. :-) :-) :-)
Yeah. I'm frustrated that the opinion talks about amt related to legit purpose, but the individual counts mostly skip it.
I agree just like the phone, that never did fully catch on.
YAY! We can't wait to see your staring debut. :) RT PLL here i come....
yup. just buy another shirt and in the "notes to seller" just say "make it a go pack" and you'll get it asap.
It's bad. I have switched to Chrome. Firefox is even worse - the Exxon Valdez of memory leaks.
i love
...and I'm so thankful to be here today one year later to say Happy Mothers Day to my own Mom, all you great moms out there, and all ur moms
Thanks Paul!!
"Wow, something you are cooking in your kitchen smells amazing" - nobody that has ever visited my house ever :/
Paul Gillin on b2b social marketing: "B2b blogs are the closest thing to a no-brainer I can think of."
- Thanks Adam for all the of #Llout +Ks! You rock!
The opposite of congress, is progress.
If I spent as much time studying as I do with my hands on my stick , I'd be top 5% at Clements
The Chargers will be hosting a tribute at the Q in honor of #juniorseau at 6:30, Friday May 11th. Arrive early
have fun with the moths! :P
I have hit my following limit! My #twimit, if you will.
there's a party in my tummy so yummy so yummy
“: If you want me, show me. If you need me, tell me. If you have me, show me off. If I'm worth it, fight for me.”
This week has been taking forever
On my way to graduation!!
I'm just gonna start tweeting random stuff cause I'm bored. K? K(:
Looking forward to seeing my critique group tonight. I need to get a chapter ready for a reading.
We make a damn good Elvis Which where I work! :-)
just got throw listening to my favorite song and loved it
New low: Looking in my purse and seeing my TV remote
hey!!! You look lovely.
Looks like I will be in SF with no plans Wednesday evening. Who wants dinner?
Provo now extending his own record.
THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS (:
Austin with his wet hair, shirtless on the beach with his six pack = SEXY
hahaha it's a good song!
Entry is free!
Have you decided on a sign-off yet? #Cheers? #Best? #ImaBaller?
NO ME LIKE MY BOOBIES!!
Hey how are you doing
"The smallest thing can make a difference."
man i pulled my abdomenal muscle on my bone and it hurts really bad!!!
Most definitely - hit us back with a follow girlfriend!! Hope all is well in your life!
I Swear.. I thought your family was to Support you, not Bring Yuh DOWN!!! :''(.. It HURTS!!!!
electronics don't work at hogwarts due to protection spells cast by dumbledor (this is actually in the books)
Stand on these streets long enough, never know what you'll see.
Would a scavenger hunt for folks off site be much fun?
It's 10:30 on the east coast. Goodnight wishes going out to everyone! :D
Been #stunnin for a year now! Thanks for the coozie
Crosby's travel agent looking for bargain vacations. He'll be free in about 10 minutes.
Like she wasn't friends with t posey until te day of the concert. And now she's all buddy buddy with him.
At your meetings suck and it's your fault w/ happy cog fella.
Spent the day exploring all sorts of neighborhoods in Seattle. My brain is recovering from
Oh man. Not a good tweet to get.
actually, it was the one about you being a visual learner, evolution, etc. Quite charming. The audience liked it very much.
I am so sick :(
last 90 min of #LiNC - we missed you!!!
Got my Mom the 300 dvd because she's NEVER seen it!!!! I know.. crazy
Early morning construction noises, always fun -.-'
Quick poll for #Indy folks: Do you say cab or taxi?
damnn .. truth RT : A broke chick can get a rich nigga.....a broke nigga can't get a bad bitch.
(Sam settle down Sam it's ok.)
Is the warm weather really a game changer for Bennett?
Andrew? Oh hell no! Haha
Just bumped into at the Renaissance Hotel New Orleans!! Crazy huh!!
jeanantoines thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
HAY TWITTER WORLD! I'm back!
RT A4 we did for A GALAXY OF IMMORTAL WOMEN. Paul Mavrides. worked out great, beautiful cover
Lucky you :p sad when you forget to wash your lips off and you get some strange looks.
Dear Everyone: My account got hacked. Twitter won't let me directly tell you "sorry 'bout that." So...#sorryaboutthat :(
Thanks, dude. How are you surviving in ATL? Did you get any time to sneak off for personal shots?
How about a Military Freedom Trail through NTC (Liberty Station) or a Centennial Trail through Balboa Park?
I found my bottle last night so I had to use it. It's do pretty!!
I don't like when people are mad
RT : When you know what you want and you want it badly enough, you'll find a way to get it .Jim Rohn
Mental breakdown for : DL Quartez Vickerson ejected for unsportsmanlike conduct.
Just bought three pairs of uggz for men online
"I can care less about tha bitch cuz she just ah flirt"
I'm a male! But I love the video you just post! #coolvideo :-)
hahahah yes love it - have u had grape three olives ? Omg amazing
Just found out "expendables plus" is a film equipment company...still saw Larry David but now no Stallone on set makes sense.
Feeling humble by listening to MLK's speech today.
Take a chance, roll the dice, money can't buy you love cause it's over priced. Don't over think, just hope it's right
I want to be a 21st century global nomad
Yay for positive happenings! #whatiliketosee RT Best meeting EVAR! Awesome students, awesome ideas, awesome coworkers
Do you want to tell me what's bothering you or would you like to break some more furniture?~Deanna Troi, Star Trek
Vote for YOUTH VOICE ADVOCATES-St. Florian Partners
#ThingsEminemTaughtMe I can do all I want.
Are you a #smallbusiness? How'd Small Business Saturday go? Boost your holiday traffic with a CodeSquare!
I love
I love waking up and being in Florida! This is the best feel ever! I hope every is having an amazing break loke me! :-D
cause RB was on the last cover of 4PM Magazine! It helps!
Why is it my parents concern if my room is messy or not? I'm the one living in it, not them.
RT I think me watching Daily Show is the closest I'll ever come to being like ppl in church that throw their hands up & yell PREACH
I've had goosebumps since i stepped into the There is no doubt in my mind as to the outcome of this game.
I just signed a lease on a new apartment, and I got the place solely because I could make a decent PDF file.
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Make sure you are staying cool while you celebrate. Naughton's is open all weekend to help you keep cool.
Contraband is really good <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
ik i am
The Shoshanua delivery service will be at your door in under twenty minutes!
I'm beating you in followers by one!!!!!! Hahahaha!!!
Draft online feed cut to a feed of some family eating lunch for a few minutes. It was very odd. Then it cut to a desktop screen.
Ted Mondale - Public need not worry about being stuck with cost overruns. Contractor has agreed to fixed cost arrangement
RT : joins now to discuss what he told in their meeting last week
is in San Antonio! What to do?
Importance of Wings by Friedman
I guess I now have a catch-phrase according to
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Mike Burton
was the movie good?
I don't know what that means.
#BlackParentQuotes I don't know who the fck you raising yah voice at. Bring it down!!!
Earned a 92% on my Nutrition final and got out of class early... Now watching the #DragRace Reunion
RT : Comfort food is a myth. Once when I felt blue, I sat in a pot of mashed potatoes. Didn't cheer me up at all.
I had a dream that my temperature was like 5,129 and i was like "Mom...I think Im sick?!" She said, "Nah, you'll be fine." LMAO
;) we're hung tbh
That awkward moment when you finish a math problems and your answer isn't even one of the choices. #TEAMBIEBER #teamfollowback xoxo<33:))
I was near back to sleep then I hear a cop on a megaphone.... high key scared me in my near sleep
i got beats for sale too 25$!!! -- Money Alwayz ()
This cough is killing me
Ladies, if he only wants your breast thighs and legs send him to KFC. (;
happy burfday Taylor
RT : and restarted my cleanse today here goes nothing. Mixing the powder w/juice is def better
you aren't alone! From our unscientific poll, most check at least once a day.
Big shoes to fill. Anchoring in place of No, literally. He's actually a professional clown.
The new department name is official--happy JAMS day everyone!
It was great meeting you! Thanks for stopping by the Sagamore today!
that was so sad :( really makes me think about how lucky I am and how far we still have to go. What a tragic story.
Never! (furiously typing to make my goal)
Not sure... If not, then definitely some time tomorrow. Amazon has it up for preorder & I imagine they'll release it @ midnight
We Are Proud Of Gaga
And im twittering my thoughts, gotta get it out!
Why is it we always want what we can't have???
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 57
Editing video for a custom DVD project, encoding video clips for a website, then mastering some music from vinyl today.
Re: Colorado Springs. The city held an art exhibit and invited soldiers to participate. Resulted in a community conversation
yes, now I need new roters but they can wait till summer!
that's what it looked like to me. I don't think my little one and I can take it.
just bought a pair of cowboy boots. im ready for the country music festival season. yeehaw!!
RT : Bartz out as Yahoo CEO - covered Yahoo's Citizen Sports/Sportacular acquisition last yr but haven't heard much since
Mitt Romney would not govern as a moderate. He would do exactly what Walker is done.
Where else can you sneeze and a million people say gazuntite - #twitter! Via
pfft...its iTunes of course you can't. It would be unreasonable to go longer than that
How many times u gonna let Griffin dunk on you Gasol??
Same here! xD
Yes they are both going into practice together actually.
Carol Shelby died!
Tonight I wanna get fucked up. (:
... What if you're happy
how you doin?
#samples!!! Let's do it lol
Breakfast burritos never fail at 6am when we go to
surprise!!! happy birthday!!!!
I really hate it when someone steals a phone charger i kin of NEED that back
Learning chess.
Just went prop shopping at State Supply they have everything!
“People will do what you do, not do what you say. Lead by example and passion in what you do”
Another sunny day with a calm ocean in Atlantic Beach Florida
After nine months of ups and downs and downs and ups, it will most definitely be #GAMEON in January 2012.
i was too lazy to go back and read all the tweets i lisa said bleach your hair and act like a bitch what did macy say???
yeah! Their a great team, they will play a great game !
If someone wanted to set up an interview with you, what would be the best route?
: oh, honey, i do know that you #gethungrytoo. Hope you have a good day! See you tonight :)
Follow me! 99 day commitment to eat #Paleo and workout 4x's weekly doing #CrossFit WODs + 2 endurance workouts.See me transform.
That is exciting, my niece just got back from tourney in Costa Rica
I dreamed about we were working out at the gym and I asked could u wait for me to get my hair done so we could take a pic.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
yes really is a natural beauty. I can't wait to work with her again. :)
To be alive is to totally and openly participate in the simplicity and elegance of here and now
you too!
I hate that!
Storm's a brewin'....gonna sleep like a baby tonight<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
RT Jet Blue keeps reminding me that it's only $49 one way from JFK to Logan. Hm...
welcome to NAU! Look forward to great things.
I'd like to thank whoever the F Lizzie McNeil is and her decision for opening this establishment.
As you age naturally, your family shows more and more on your face
My favorite regionalism would have to be "mango" to mean 'green bell pepper." Used all along the Ohio River Valley, ±200 mi.
Mom thinks I was smokin pot cuz she said my eyes are blood shot and glassy
Trying out a new gym today. I think new gyms are exciting!
1 more week birthday :)
An acltv safety guard just stood over me while I googled "Betty Rubble" ... Um I just wanted to see her hair-do
My uncle's monkey is soo cute! :)
Apostle Sonja Perry ministers at Bright Star Church for our 2012 Women's Conference Sunday at 11:00am. This will be EPIC! (735 E. 44th St.)
That is underrated...LOL.
Good luck on the FCAT (y)
will miss your show. Brooklyn in the house!! Midwood HS.
. can help your institution participate!
what movie did you see??
Goodmornin G,I
So, Peter, you've become a pirate
You should ask your friendly neighborhood board member !
that sneaky little snake has been stealing them. i just know it. haha .
Mr. B hates children so he gave us 6 pgs of PEDLIGS tonight and as usual I'm procrastinating them.
Shoutout to for sweeping the Blue Jays, way to keep fighting Brian Matusz keep improving and getting better
Amen, Don King said "I started from 10' beneath the street, and now look at me"
Well, uh, my red is partially mine(red haired grandma),but I enhance it a couple of shades,lol, does that count?Chestnut to Auburn.
Our source of entertainment last night: 's tweets :)
i think it's b/c you have the best name in the burger biz!
i'm not a heart surgeon in the flesh i can really treat a broken heart but i can't never cure it.
#YouProbablyShouldnt going sky diving without a parachute
sorry sweet heart she's taken ;D and I'm pretty sure she loves me more be jelouse >:)
Duffner needs to through a monster Dip in and suck it up!!
Not knowing the drinking age, Abuela offered me a Coors Light at lunch. She said she assumed if I could drive, I could drink.
Thanks long legs little booty !
they need to fix this website, so i can go get tickets to see my baby's this summer!
As I've pointed out, from 2000-07, they used only 4 top 2 round picks on P and hit on 1 of those big time. Not a bad rate.
I bet some of you didn't give one single fuck about Whitney until today. R.I.P
oh brother what will they think of next. But what about the realignment? How does that figure into this?
What is this rap/mash up? WHAT IS GOING ON??
At the present rate denver will beat the lakers 244-0.
I felt like that when I left London and came back to SF.
I'm increasingly concerned abt the image #Greys is portraying of professional women and their ability to have their needs met personally.
u there?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
No pressure. I just searched for the first hashtag and found a mess of non-related things. So I thought changing it was good.
I've gotten so much homework done by scheduling it around when I have big assignments due. Procrastination is brilliant.
Why the hell did nuggets trade Nene!? Ugh
Listen to my fun interview with Denise Albert & Melissa Gerstein this Sunday! Show begins 10AM CST on Clear Channel's WLAC 1510
idk what I'm more excited for, my 21st next week or school being out for the summer
Wow. The Colts are cutting Peyton Manning! Wonder who he'll play for now??
omg justin I can't wait for it #BELIEVEtour here I come!
The "experience" has only caused me to feel devalued.
do you have an Xbox by chance?
Thank you! Hope you have a great weekend. RT
Anyone else having trouble creating posts in Wordpress today? Won't upload photos, won't show me old posts. What gives?
Don't miss Castle in the Clouds, June 19th at the Playboy Mansion! For more info, click www.creoutreach.org/castleintheclouds
Rondo (if he tried hard enough) is 1 of 2 players that could probably average a triple double in the league. Lebron being the other player
The Caribbean is calling my name...
High achievrs at "low per4ming" schls will have fewer options 4deeper study, at disadvantge when applying 4 college
Off to the docs!
Didnt you know how much I loved you?
Check out in Royal Oak! RT : Just bought my tix for the , now I have to find something to wear!
"you say you want to die for love, but you know nothing about dying & nothing about love"
Our Billy Lombardo, wins the Chicago Tribune Nelson Algren Short Story Award. Congratulations.
OMG HARRY I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, NOT JUST BECAUSE UR IN 1D!! PLEASE FOLLOW/RT ME<33 PLEASE :) :) :) :) :) :0
I have season 1 Felicity on DVD.... Does Fiona Apple over every episode make it a musical? Eh, eh?
Elizabeth W. at #Groupon CS is a problem solving machine! Woot!
Real power back in lau
The ultimatum given by pichi
I like the way you French inhale. ;)
i am a little late in saying thx for the follow rec...thx! :)
Amen to that! : Who's going to download an app for every company?...The foundation should be a mobile site
How is everybody's Monday going?
slow ur roll
Very excited for my trip to Columbus this long weekend for a roomie reunion! How will I ever make it through the next 30 minutes of work?
I am almost literally covered in Mod Podge. Seriously, the smell takes me back to Ms. Wolf, my 1st grade art teacher.
Listening to Michael Buble makes me want to dance with a girl.
Keep praying for nicks grandpa!(:
I have the best study buddy in the world #macncheese and Greek salads from #panera !!!
We are hosting the Jobs for America's Graduates, JAG Regional Career Development Conference here today!
Great night (:
This is good. “: NYT NEWS ALERT: Obama Tells ABC News Same-Sex Marriage Should Be Legal”
music > everything
The departed might be the best movie ever made
Getting the party started at the High Noon. Happy birthday
Walkin wit jazz, Nae and and the dog inka to the store
“Lord, give me the wisdom to know what’s right and the courage to do what’s right–even when it’s hard.” - Andy Stanley
I Wanna Go On Tiny Chat But Can Find My Cam-.-
Dollar store swag!
Feet still hurt from Rockfest
Happy Birthday the way from Dallas, Tx =)
hey ladies... you can still get your rabbit vibe to put in your basket if you order by Monday.....
goat eat
Guess where I'm going next weekend? The Coachella Music Festival! Anyone ever gone? Any advice? Am I crazy?
I like trolling. You know you do too. Don t lie. Yup your holding it in. Let it spill. Do it. Better yet, JUST DO IT
off to band practice! New keyboard player coming today! New songs too! Very excited. What songs would you like to hear us do?
Your voice literally makes my skin crawl, and this might even be my second tweet about it
It's gonna be a throwdown!
followed u cool
I Can't believe I just had a dream about #UnderratedTour #SoAmazing sad part Bow handed me a Underrated bracelet but its not here
boo for rain in the morning. boo for work 6-3. just wanna crawl back in bed!
S/O to my NF: -- FuTure_Model1 () thanks
hi! XO ttyl
Anybody in the mood for a contest? Stay tuned!! We will be announcing one in the next 24 hours.
is ride of the Valkyries playing while ur doing that?
Choco is the best tho RT : my boyfriend's house is like a zoo, so many animals. i laaaaav it
That's a little too Big Brother for my tastes.
Okay this is just messing with me noe
New music on the way haha! Sounds great!
It is unfairly nice outside today.
Make a left at where the second church on the right used to be
4 year old saves his mom! Learn how his heroic efforts are recognized tonight at 6.
talking to a cutie ;)
Chordaroy lifestyle dog
RT : Fixes it until it breaks...overheard in 's session
Hope you had a great time! RT : Learning about
pretty accurate guess!
if u hear bang bang & think skeet skeet
Correct me if I am stupid, but why would any international draftee want to play in the MLS (or NBA)?
The return on investment is much higher and faster for helping existing businesses expand here vs trying to lure a new firm to town.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people fuck with my best friends
has had a busy day, now she's off to discuss it with her pillow, night
Always enjoy the show! Never know what I'm gonna hear. I missed the back announce. Who was that with the Ginsberg lines?
Just because I am rich ,doesn't make me smart.I got it from daddy and I can buy anything or anybody.So there! UNRAVLE
Show January 15th with WitnessBeforeThem and Casino Madrid at Jerry's Pizza, come support!
how's GA treating you?
Today it was 42º outside and I saw a guy running without a shirt. Not looking forward to this summer when he's only wearing a tube sock
Wonderful. RT Since the #Haiti quake, built & rehabilitated 2,500 latrines & showers to prevent illnesses like
Today is my monthly visit w/ outreach services to a senior home. Also, the monthly time when I forget to bring the tablet & my LP name tag.
Sweet, I made it into bisnow
I really do need to get away somehody let me hide out at their house for the weekend i bring food
I miss all you guys I wish I could have made it this weekend. But I know you guys are going to beat them no problem.
If you sent request for an #iPad-sorry we have not responded yet. 100s have emailed. We are looking for more funding. Will update you soon
We want to hear! What would you like to see from #Baltimore 's #Soundstage / #Studio?
And now I just got in a car accident. WHAT THE FUCK.
Did you know that lemons contain more natural sugar than strawberries?
Trials n tribulation.... Rise n shine
New series on #Philippians starting today Looking forward to this new study.
i dnt do biggies, i just get ate up by them. memba dat! K?
I know this is a long shot, but we can do it if we try. Let this new understanding begin with me. I love and care for you!
NCAAs don't care as much who your family is as BCS but MU will def strengthen SEC hoops
Ughh snow! Dx Go away and plz dont come back till im dead!!!!
Bruce Campbell has been cast in bud Sam Raimi's OZ movie--not the prison drama. But seriously, this is the best news of the day--c'mon.
will we see you on Saturday's webinar? Take care.
If you dont know less people ask for your help. RT : I tend to say "I dont know" when im just too lazy to think.
Al harrington New name is Can't get right..
- Trav. Did some editing over the weekend. Man he killed it. You want to do a heavy rock one ;-)
I will be tuning in. Love your perspective on current issues.
Kobe is folding
i think our topic/conversation is on different levels. and come to think of it, we shouldnt try to out-oppress the other. :/
I absolutely love it when the Florida Panthers fans throw the fake rats on the ice. It's a beautiful sight.
Danny's Reading Series 2nite :30. Listen 2 cool literary work and therefore be cool yerself. Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
I hear that sista
Thanks for sharing! :)
“The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die.” ~ Edward Kennedy
#IWishIHad money, I need to come up on some spring gear
Sunday night seems incomplete without an chat. Instead of dead zombies would could review who Don Draper screwed!
Going out to dinner to celebrate my brother being sober for 1 year!
Wow! I wish sharepoint would work better on ipad MT : I do only 3% of my work on desktop computer
Oreskes. Tobacco industry was effective at creating doubt about scientific cancer research
you have a boyfriend. did you forget you did? lolololololol.
on the contrary, the Pirates are probably saying the same type of thing about the brewers
#MW3 Sucks balls. Sorry everyone.
Itll probably win best picture
Omg this is so awkward im sittin here with all these old ppl talkin bout sex
Now that's what I call a good time. Great day start to end! Happy lady off to bed.
Gung hay fat choy! Chinese New Year today. LA Chinatown to celebrate with parade next Saturday. Come enjoy the celebration.
Solid LFO reference
I turn on the radio and I hear your B-E-A-utiful voice(:
Watching a bad ass 2007 MasterCraft X-Star loaded go through southern cal auction.. If the price is right I'll be a player!!
Verbiage. Because you sound pompous if you pronounce it correctly, and ignorant if you don't. Can't win.
Rather Die Young ~ Beyonceeee
so the news is, I'm going to tumble again.
NEJM Research shows that #single-payer healthcare could save about $380,000,000,000 now wasted ANNUALLY on insurers' overhead and paperwork.
I slept too long 2day. Can u Sunday?
The Mona Lisa painting is not the picture of a mortal woman.
The Chicago Bulls the best team in the NBA regular season.... And that's about it!! What a joke!!!
thanks boo <3
yeah, ouch! Can't lose games like this.
Last Laura Of Miami Rotation on WVUM starting now. Keep in touch at Vamos a La Playa | Laura (of Miami) mama loves ya
Because you would get carpel tunnel in your stirring hand.
Sure! I'm in the sales track in the afternoon sessions.
MIsterLatinJazz.com calendar updated with great acts at Yoshis, new latin series at CODA and Haiti Fundraiser at Pier 23
cus /: idk I'm trying but I can't ):
"If you can add, make today count!" — DJohnson Talented & Broke: How to convert your creativity into cash-flow! Nov26
I don't sell my soul I ain't no high price slut
Your sound has a dope Papa Roach feel to it.
Unbelievable, 1 side of the M.S.M. is ranting that the crisis in Japan is the "End of the World"The other yelling over & over that it's not.
one of these days I'm just gonna snap and i will fuck shit up
So I'm moved into the apartment! Woo!
Hey lady, you've got the love I need.
ha! You can if you want. I'm just saying that I'm working full time now.
calm down Adele.. Y'all are both druggies <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089> lol
some niggas are groupies. that's never tight.
Is interested in a mobile Hackathon at #CTIA this year with #AT&T as a co sponsor?
"Successful men and women keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit."
Why does the orange line have a huge haze & the station attendants are wearing masks yet there are no warning signs for commuters?
ok make sure your twitter name is somewhere on the pic and send me it by dec 29th :)
thanks to everyone who attended the tribeca film festival
me too:( warped?
We love dogs, but the mess they leave around the house can be hard to clean up. Need a carpet cleaning? Please give us a call!
It's #HalfPriceFriday!! Come play with us for only $4!! We are open until 8pm! See you soon!!
What did I say? Masterson will give up 4 in the first two, easy.
Taking care of business.
TONIGHT! Restless City Mixer at Shrine at Adam Powell & 134 St.<U+200F> See select scenes from the movie. 6-8pm.
Next time you and your mate go to a party, make your entrance arm-in-arm.
You usually say that for girl yass . But i don't know this time .
thanks, same to you.
"Let's go inside the house mommy, its too windy out here" You are right bug, way too windy
Ways to transform the classroom into a "community of practice"
Most Consistent Artist of the Year - Romaine Virgo
Do Not Disturb.
Dude, you know you were criticizing Hank. But whatevah.
RT if you're a laouver
Just saw Kung Fu Panda 2.. Can't wait for KFP 3, the Panda Family reunion ...
Looking forward to receiving your answers of your 5 favorite things!
RT : Who know about unifest??? << it's on!! 5/20/12 tickets only $20/gate. See Luciano, Iwer George, Black Violin and more
Have you seen that movie suck about vampires? I like it.
Dennis Miller looks high as a kite on Bill O'Reilly. Right wing nut.
Thank you for the follow! xo
aaww :) same here but then me and janelle met kenneth out of the blue and he just took us backstage :)
plus Be ready, it's gonna be a crazy and amazing at the same time!
The Bulls r done. U heard it here 1st. Overmatched; Heat: 2 good a D, 2 many shooters, great adjustments. Go Mavs!
making moves.. promoting chris all day... love ya lots from your tya family
GWBU is our new watchlist alert put this on your radar this could be huge!!!
RT if you love your American fans ALOT :) <3
Walked into Target for some clothespins for my DIY Advent calendar. Walked out with $480 worth of home and holiday decor. Smh. Get the belt.
wish i had tickets, seeing how it's a sold out show guess i'm not going :( enjoy!!
Seriously? I am a huge Rush fan and I didn't know today was Rush day.
vedendo fast and furious *-*
NWS has issued a Flash Flood Warning for Pike County until 02:00 PM
Internet, at least have the decency to warn me when you're about to spoil Mad Men. I know I'm behind, but still.
Yours is amazing too! Our parents had no idea what was going on in our lives....
Where is this?
Am I the only person who never takes a day off for a cold? Unless there is a high fever w/sweats, I am going to get paid/infect others.
yup us cougars right ! :P
Saturday is Gallery Walk. You'll be there, right?
Cell phone video of a bathroom beatdown has school officials in Bridgewater trying to calm parents. Story at 5:30 on
who is thii?
Make sure you visit offbeat.com and vote for your Brass-A-Holics for Best Emerging Artist in the Best of the Beat Awards!
that stuff
Um, not really my style but thanks for reminding me what terrible taste looks like :)
lol its aight, I'm entertained... He's standing in the hallway and texting right now...
Second day in the new house...still seams like we are in a hotel or something
Uncertainty? That would be someone unemployed hearing once again Boehner threatening to shut down gov. Corps are doing fine.
High Hopes For Nites Like LastNite
Oops #Madonna fell off bleacher, good catch!
I know... I have a "chat-alohic" challenge. So many great convos, so little time! :)
of what exaclty?? O.O
great minds, my dear.
now following!
whoever wins the tickets win :D
Beats sound pretty good bro, whatchu charge?
This blessing is coming so I can feel it.
Looking forward to seeing you guys Friday night!
Wait, wait. I'm not sleepy -__- lmao.
Saw interviews with some Packer players. What great bunch of Christian men! God is great all the time.
Thinking about it, there was about 1/2 of a scene that matched up with the book in tonight's episode, but it all works (I hope)
Have you checked out Glow Design Studio yet?
Vandy has a new policy this year to release results from the ratings Qs on evals to students. But not the free-response results.
Grand opening: Idaho's first compressed natural gas (CNG) fueling station.11:00am today at 11101 W. Executive Dr. Affordable, clean fuel.
If you keep on doing what you always do you'll keep on getting what you've always got!
Just 9595 followers til I reach 10000. See I have goals!!
It's so silent in the library o_O
YOU FUCKING KICK ASS.
yeah you let us know when you want to roll :)
Let's go see a Yankees/ Rays game. I'll be going down there in August. Dude, we can stay at my boys crib.
I stay up late just to watch you.
Two words that will change your week:
When you don't get someone's text until hours after they sent it < sorry :(
no god bless u gorgeous
Glad you are so excited to be tour-trained! Know you are gonna be one of our best!
So... I was actually wrong about something today! Shhhhhh... ;) lol!
the Carolina team they suppose to he official so this a test
Incredible: report says 3% of adults using social networking sites have gotten into a physical fight due to an experience there
both for my car and my back!
PHX twit peeps msg me if you want to go to the Blues Festival at Desert Ridge 2nite
I Love Beauty, Body, and Brains... In No Particular Order..
Glad to see you like our sense of fun. We are doing what we can to add some fun back to flying here at MKE. Happy travels!
“: I wish the fat on my stomach would transfer over to my booty.” like your booty isn't enough?
It will probably boost them by getting a few extra rangers series a year long term. Other than that, though, no.
I'm excited to get back to Gainesville for the first time ever.
Everyone is looking punk rock in Capitol Hill today, Its like I'm a freshman in high school all over
we still outchea
I haven't slept good the last few nights <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
IT WILL BE THE DEATH OF ME
I'm home, but I feel like such a, stranger...
winning dont always mean coming out with a trophy or round of applause..It could be by just walking away.
11:13 PM: Spinning Charles Mingus..."M D M" (Monk, Duke & Me) on #jazz #NYC metro area
Recently did the same! I found it profoundly disorienting to walk around New York in a long skirt...
Every exit is an entry somewhere else. -Tom Stoppard
ha ha. Maybe. "Caramel flavoured sweets."
Random is a good thing - especially on a Monday. ;)
I hate the fact that 1D blew up in the U.S. They need to go back to Britain where they belong.
Up watching movies with
#sixseasonsandamovie is closer to happening now.
Who's going to Tyga concert tonight in Ft.Lauderdale?
Rick ross_ john doe.
Me and Macartney are gonna be like the only cool kids going all out at 80s night... Neon leggings. Neon shirts. Oh well. #coolkids #infuse <U+270C>
Tweet us any lawn or sod questions
I got you my nig. Need drops asap
waiting for egg noodles to boil
ED SHEERANS HERE TOO? YAYYY. I must see you today (:
they went somewhere else...i texted them and they said they were rolling out
Could it get any bumpier
On the way to city with #come on you blues!
Hightower was on top of it - I trust him to get it right
Please join us tonight from 6-8 for a Winter Social Event at Claddaugh Pub to benefit the Dog Park and CCA. 50/50 raffle. Drink specials.
Can't wait to hear how it goes !! ^Sandra
oh thank you so much! We're all looking forward to your next visit! :)
happy bday nigga have fun in vegas
checked yesterday....and Nada!
RT : Good point made - it's fine to talk about things going on in other institutions, not just your own
heresy! :D Makeup is my bestfriend
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.24
#mucho taco staff is retarded.
I burn like a fucking Irish man
Listening to
// I look up tremendously to you both! Thanks for being my mentors & advisors.
Happy New Year to all! Catching up after a bit of a hiatus.... x
you're welcome!
thanks for the write up on Great insight. We have big news a foot.
is on his twitter A game today!
Ok..that makes sense! Thanks Heather! RT : It is National Police Memorial Week. That may be why.
I cleaned up the barf in the kitchen from our lovely roommate and gave bennie a bath.
begin anew...... good luck.
We're about to try fried Oreos with in Orlando... Leading worship at Central Florida Baptist tonight, then going home tomorrow!
just got back from 312. Time to rock it 414 style.
"Nothing puts me to sleep better than driving." -- Grandma Flo
It's the weekend! Time to kick back and watch some baseball.
Thank you! Homebase will be Lancaster Walmart.
thought I was to old to watch disney channel but I never miss one episode of #KickinIt I love this show cause of you
good luck.
terrifying giantess. also, that video is awesome. we are dorks, but awesome dorks.
Hi! glad you joined us!
WebiMax Launches London Internet Marketing Initiative Assisting London ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Michael Jackson's death is like his life, unbelievable! It's stunning that this is how his life story ended after all these years.
saw your page very nice...sent an email
How are the #nhl la kings doing this? Spurs no doubt best in nba
sexy as fuck
"Dubstep once a day keeps the pornhub away."
I am ONE !! lol
thank you :')
"suing" something lol...love you Perhong
Agreed. I believe a paid for a ticket to a theater and watched it completely sober. Beer wouldn't have hurt though.
are we only allowed to quote perfect people or something?
There is nothing quite like a five pound sledgehammer hefted in the hand and a demolition/art project stretched out in front.
nope, unfortunately I don't know ! I work at the art college, MICA. But we are both in Baltimore!
Its like shealeigh reads my mind! RT : A+, One Direction, A+. #imclapping x
#ThingsThatINeed..... The fortitude to keep striving towards your goals!
Not being on #teamiphone so I don't get emoji's <<<<<
Just turned in my nomination form for a PRSSA exec position! Wish me luck! Now I gotta do hella hw, study for a quiz, prepare for speech...
Havnt had white castle in soo long!!! Too good
stop calling yourself a boylieber. You give the rest of us a bad name.
Lmao I never noticed did that ah man that's funny
WIN a VIP table for our Big Super Bowl party this Sunday !! Follow & RT for your chance!
Just came across you guys. Answer to my prayers.
....and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. " - Michael Jordan
I love you . <3 nuff said
Guests on next ep of TWiP include poker commentator, FTP pro & ping pong champ & newly minted Team PokerStars pro
Lol, I think those guys got arrested for that McDonald's rap.
Listening to some Latin Soul music as I rest tonight. La Lupe, Celia Cruz. I think I love Afro-Cuban music.
sweet! Love getting mail from the king!
It can't hurt, so go for it. We will require video of said dance to be posted later. #kidding ^RL
Aawww cadet Kelly is on :)
Eye dont no, im illiterate. That do u think u r?
off to school T.T
Good idea. Been thinking about something like this.
Thanks! So glad you like it!
We are not human beings on a spiritual journey. We are spiritual beings on a human journey. -Stephen Covey
working on stupid finals stuff. i HATE finals. also I have been watching"aristocats" for the last 6 hours. :)
come on baby click follow c:
Do what makes U happy till U realize it's UR goal&future career.Being happy&doing what U <3 best.Work towards that not UR family's plan 4 U.
Two days down. 3 more to go.
Did you know that a little bleeding while flossing can increase risk of pre-term or low birth weight babies? www.closys.com/research.html
same here
On this date in local #history: In 1807, Buffalo citizens approved Buffalo's first schoolhouse, to be built at Pearl and Swan streets.
Haha that was the thought process behind the name. ;D
what for though
My 7 is hating me for that last tweet!
sounds good, the most important thing is that the issue gets solved!
So is being a little insensitive right now about me being sick
for some yes.
alright! :)))) I can't wait to start!
today is my birthday! unfortunately I can't really celebrate or anything until this weekend...this week is full of exams and papers. blah.
TITA: If my last name was: "NAANI" I'd change it! #HA! Gotchya! DirtyDirty! :D
That's what I said "no problem" , not anybody's problem. Today was funny though. Lol.
You know this is the douchiest crowd in #Coachella history, though. And that's saying something.
Love is merely a madness.
Gonna get some #lykkeLi at Wellmont Theater
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. Chinese Proverb
um whats tonight? :/ Did i forget something on my planner!? RT : Looking forward to tonight. Hope to see my love
Checking off these new discounts like a grocery list. 15 down, 10 more to go!
your sexy ass is going to be on my tv.
keep me :) it's been way too long!!
Is there any good Abq location sighting?
Im tweeting on phone.
please look up Kony 2012! He must be stopped!!!!
I love them too. They're so presh!
Thanks for ruining Not really, I mean #DIAF - no sharing, no RSS output, broke my lifestream, etc, etc
How long you gon be in town mane?
YO LIFESTYLE SAD
how bout a shout out? <U+E142>
though it does put providers in an awkward spot. i hope/have to believe the "dark side" would be the exception rather than rule
I could hook him up w a jet ski and beer. Do I look like a Cole Hann guy?
That's awesome.
DUI checkpoint at Jamboree near San Joaquin in Newport!
Happy B.day! :D
Love this. You guys are fascinating - looking forward to following you.
Saturdays are my lazy shopping days. Sundays... Not so much. Sunday is more like work-all-day for school stuff day.
ATTA BABY BRAVES!!!!
A reliable internet connection.
John Mayer may just be the best live performer out there today
What I was trying to say, i guess, is that at least FA has some real art i can find without digging through a lot of... whatever that is
I don't completely know who I am, but I'm comfortable in my own skin.
good afternoon to you too
congrats btw, I hadn't realized you'd switched jobs until very recently=)
#justblewaband on a slow night down pray for me! Lls
It's official, I will be leaving for France at the end of the month to star as the lead in an independent film!
Done and done! Delish!
Waiting for something that hurts me
Snapbacks and tattoos might be my jam for the summer
Any parents out there with kids at Woodburn high pls call kgw's assignment desk. 503-226-5111
RT 15 year old girl w/ terminal cancer made a bucket list. Wishes to trend on Twitter. RT
Also, I've been working to promote #NatGas in WV long before #Marcellus drilling started.
Oh Uncle Floyd! I'm just foolin. Pretty much anything has introduced me to, I love!
Welcome to our new followers!
hell sticker gurrrl
Not everyone is you ok?
Against my better judgement I have decided to use twitter. Tweet.
running good? #understatement. River rat! ;)
What is bullying? Teachable moment using multiple media views of the Romney story today.
RT : Reading a fantastic 8-page cover story about in this morning. Now that is a
mayors swim in harbor goal = actual definition of mentally challenged in dictionary
Is it me or did everyone go home early because it's Halloween weekend? Where is everybody?
Senator dilan says latfor has "failed miserably" in regard to drawing new lines
I love your wild game recipes, but wonder what type of ammo you use for large game. We educate hunters about non-lead ammo.
okay cool haha. I'm always here for support <U+2665> Love you Brandy
BItch You Look Like a Temple Run Monkey
I really want to get to 1000 followers soon!!
Listening to Plane on #Spotify while on a plane home...you hit the mark on the melancholy of solo travel
Getting ready to head out to Autzen for the Duck game today. Noon kickoff, followed (hopefully) by a ritual beatdown of the Cougs.
I really need my hair colored. Know anyone who could do that for me? :)
They basically told me, say what we want you to say, act how we want, and we'll give you what we feel you deserve.
Oh okay good! :) I was really surprised. I thought someone said she went home.
had such a good shopping day. outfit for this weekend: check !
No pace with this team. Terry? Lampard? Only + is the OX.
red velvet cupcake for breakfast .... There's an idea!
Ibushi wrestled Generico? Gotta check that out. Ibushi vs Low Ki would be awesome! Hope NJPW makes it happen.
are u sitting on the toilet or just hungry
Miami-Dade mayor: fire captain's demotion is to "send a message" to all county employees
RT Mondays are more effective at killing your good mood than an avada kedavra curse.
you are too cute! Xx “: Love Pitera holiday gatherings:) ”
Chainsmoking swisher sweets has been shown to reverse erectile dysfunction.
For ZeroTime clarinet samples- Stravinsky "3 Pieces For Clarinet" & Messiaen "Quartet for the End of Time"
The Hideout! Great little venue
Adding notes a bit confusing. It opens with a text area - I begin typing my note - then click add note - and my text disappears.
Why they don't take away that man, man i don't know
Cogito Ergo Sum => I think, therefore I am (Rene Descartes)
Wrote 3 new songs last night. And then threw them away.
DDOT: with simple mitigation measures, implementation of #gucampusplan will have no significant impact on neighborhood
I hear these kids.. and they try to spit but the suck ass.. and I am the shit.. no u got nothing on me boy
just make sure you don't forget me ok beautiful:-)
How do we get 45K #Orioles fans to show up for a game? And don't say a new owner or win. We need your help.
Combine rolls on in Indy - our boys , and hit the field starting in the morning.
I put in the request...they said they were back ordered.
can't be that bad
Hello everyone! have you seen the website yet? www.stardesignsa.com
I will be continually updating so that I can give you the most up-to-date information on Fergie. So don't forget to follow! <U+2665>
Series of winter storms to impact Midwest, Great Lakes and Ohio Valley Regions Sunday-next Saturday.
if youre thinking about what i think you are. GIRL im feeling the same way
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation
Hey Dexter Patch! Is there room for our staff to come out and report LIVE for our show and help volunteer?
won't be turnsanity until he can up those TOs. sorry bro
Working on buying me some diamonds!
I know you will love it!
3.0ct Canary Yellow Round Diamond Engagement Ring 18k White ...
We just let in everyone on our waitlist, thanks to an additional break-out space at !
ABOUT AN HOUR UNTIL MY BIRTHDAY. AKSLFJASDKFJASKDFL
Hate being late for anything! So stressful.
Speaking of #profpix, I <3 yours! ... even with ALL the instagram and heavy photoshop you did to it, #itstillsings!
"No asshole!!" - my inner voice as I contemplate buying an entire tiramasu layer cake because I deserve it
Ty so much of call the tweets:)
I think my problem with today music for the most part not in all cases is its so blatant and lacks any subtlety or symbolism
What would your five year old self think of your life now? Mine's probably glad I'm in film, yet a little disappointed that I'm not a queen.
Thank you, too, !
thanks for the follow!
all we know are greyhound buses <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Can't wait! RT : Absolutely brilliant idea We're looking forward to presenting with you at GTown's Innovation summit.
Agreement, on the "bleah, banana pudding" thingy.
aww Alex! You made my Sis day! She's got the biggest smile on her face right now! Thank you!:)
Thanks BM...I miss u...
long form
is it a whale or is it a shark?! So many photo ops there! beautiful.
Thanks so much! His story really shows the resilience and resourcefulness of foster children!
Hey lady, I still need an address to ship too! :) Or should I use the AI addy?
Healthcare is right, not a privilege!
Big news coming tomorrow!! At least that is what I've been told....
Tim Tebow loves that Gay guy on the Steelers
Know what I just realized? I haven't been able to find the shirt I'm wearing in my profile pic for like, two months.
Video training can be used in conjunction w/live training - very important especially for entry level employees.
Humber, former Met traded in the Santana deal, throws a perfect game. Cut by Twins. #mets still without a no hitter. So many thoughts.
Happy #WW (yes, I know it is Thursday - late again). :)
oh ok.. it will be 5:30 a.m. in 2 hours here. on the east coast.
Some people just don't get it -.-t
dropped a full water bottle on my foot earlier this week- now the vacuum. Whoops! (and ouch)
Still think winner of Caps-Bruins is going to the Stanley Cup Finals. Hoping the Caps can pull it out on Wednesday.
Keep your head up my dude, we got playoffs this year i know it. Keep doing your thing
Sorry folks had to do it....
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you walk into a meeting late and everyone in the room stares at you all the way to your seat -.- lol
At #OccupyDC on Guy Fawkes Day.
that's cool! and yes noticing changes over time is indeed the natural next step
The Beat To That Song >
I need a Lighter :/
Really wanted to see blink in sept. For my first concert and see and the boys do their thing but I can't afford it
I'd be in the hall of fame, the mere mentioning of your name...
when we do the food fight on the last day of school we shoud start it off by thrwing a clump of macaroni or ketchup in her afro[;
Angels sign C.J. Wilson for 5 years $77.5 Million
Forgot how awesome the Irish animation (Don bluth) was -all dogs go to heaven
LOL no -- no they don't.
I cannot count the times I let Him down, yet He is still at 0 in the category of failure.
Thanks for following
Follow for excellent hospice resources and tips!
TGIF! Why not finish the week with a great #workout and some #healthyeating ?
i registered with twitter & got district 12 but i didn't have a #/job...& i tried to connect facebook but my district changed?
how was it?
This argument is the funniest ever!!!
#DanceAgain. Holy HOT JLO!!!!! :-) love this.
I think Brett is just feeling Twitter out David. Before he gets into tweeting Maybe??
Especially if it was your backyard right?
It is the training tool - hang tight - I've been on the phone with them last night and for nearly 2 hours this morning.
On my way to Ft. Worth for Law, Culture & Humanities. Will be tweeting from
Chase Trails - Mountain Bike Trail Builders: Update from the Forest ...
when You get a chance check out our crown moolding on my profile page Poor contractors that did tremendous work very cheap price
What are you talking about?!?!?
lmao that happens often<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
hi Becky.. My parents have been friends with ur gparents for yrs I sent u a MSG on ur FB page with a question
We do what we can! :) RT Need to check out —the greenest way to fly a plane!
I feel ur pain. 3 x's,same woman, beg 2000, then 2007 & this year...again. (she's AKA on my credit,2) Grrrr!!!
You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see, but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel.
haha why the btch liked our relationship status & added me as a friend though?
who will be the #nextlabourleader ? my choice would be David Miliband. God forbit we get Alan Johnson
I'm wearing Driver! My husband has this thing where he wears Hawk be4 the game and switches 2 Aaron just before kickoff GL!
I just saw snow flurries. Either that, or volcanic ash.
my only birthday wish is to get a tweet from you :D can you please make it happen?!
so sweet! You are one talented woman XO
How am I with 2 people right now who don't know what stone henge is?
RT "Thank you!': So first time was unbelievable. Great food, great atmosphere, highly recommend
RT : how was it? it was great! How are you doing? Hope all is well!!!! ttl
Please get over your self. Your rude as hell.#IDoNotFawnOverAssHoles!
Social media successes must be determined by your social media strategy. Doing it any other way assures your failure
Can't wait for the 98.7 Hard Rock Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tomorrow. We are gonna make it rain! Oh wait...
turn the station on the radio, and everyone starts singing loud at the same time.. random :)
That like asking a Crackhead not to buy a bump with the $20 he just got LOL!!!
Not being able to eat w/o getting sick.. Body hurts, head hurts..Today just sucks #CanTodayGetAnyWorse?
I was asleep on the train but now I am awake and watching Save the Last Dance in the upper loft area
#WHODAT gonna be our new coach! :(
THE FIGHT IS THE WAY THE GATHERING THE SANITY THE AWFUL HORROR OF ONES TALENT. SO BELIEVE UNDERSTAND THE TALENT THE BEILF THEY HAVE.
Great specials tonight! Just received some Alaskan Wild White King Salmon, Kurodai (Black Snapper), Amberjack, and Hiramasa. Going fast...
Recording right now wish me luck
it hurts to look to the left this morning.
Stop being messing
Wine tasting at its most dangerous. RT : Heckle if you dare... Just watch out- I might throw a cork at you (after you've paid).
does this mean you're going to start writing reviews for us again?
any chance you aren't too busy Wed July 20th and wanna help us out by being on our show for a pilot episode taping?
I expected them to lose the #series but damn, niggas breaking out brooms.... Smh
Off to MN for a crazy, sorority sister filled wedding. Not responsible for tweets, fb posts and texts after 6p. You have been warned.
This is a very good question, one that I fear I won't like the response to because it will mean little/no pay for journalists
was undergound during earthquake... evacuated metro, not really sure what is going on!
it's Ok now ! I can goo !! buyaa ahaha how are ou ?
": my nigga been killing it hahaha" skanks;) whoops I'm mean thanks.
Hey girl , yes I do !
A colleague was just told by one of his clients that #HR brings no value. He's from IT..um ok. but fix my keyboard please.
I seriously want to be there! Maybe I could call it Bloggess Bingo? I seriously think this is a good idea. cc
I'm doing my best to make it all work today, how about you?
Still waiting to hear about your book!
thanks man! It means a lot.
Tupac is back from the dead.
back at it
Everyone keeps calling me "High Maintenance " I beg to differ!
Watching Star Wars Episode IV. Love this film.
Alan Carr Chatty Man why is he trending? ARE THE BOYS ON AGAIN
KK only brought like a mini blunt -_-
Finally! Gossip Girl is steppin' up.
Good church service, good lunch, now it's time for a good nap before the concert!
We have 3 new songs being written right now, as well as an EP about to be recorded, and we will have some shirts printed by early summer.
RT Senate Ed votes 2-1 against repeal of the La Science Education Act, which critics say allows creationism in schools.
Today my Arlington County tax dollars went to.... pay the salary of the guy enforcing real estate directional sign rules?? Seriously??
Just can't get back into tweeting...it's so sad
Not if you haven't gone to sleep yet
- what are you made of?
ain't no track this man has out isn't 100% RAW
Kout purports to measure only #SocMed influence, not real life. Again: only a single indicator. I sense a blog post. . .
i love it its so cutee
We're looking towards doing microfilm in the future...planning to grab some films at the Afro today
Thunder, Thunder, Thunder...go OKC!!!
Reports of #Gaddafi forces wearing gas masks in #Misrata. They are expecting a #MustardGas attack.
Underworld: awakening >>>>>>
Remember the name Glenn Greenspan. Frmr Augusta Ntl PR head is putting together Tiger's PR strategy. Completely whiffing so far via
I sent auditions out this morning Memphis and only heard back from one person. Got it, thanks, something?
where are you guys at?
RT : Thanks to for a great social media seminar yesterday. Let's make #Boulder #home repair trend!
Sit back & relax tonight @ midnight with and & as they take you on a 2 hour melodic ride
Slowly but surley were climbing in Followers! :D anyone giving out shout outs in trade for Audio Call Outs?! Looking for new talent. Got it?
Ever since Grub Hub added that #YummyRummy game, I've been ordering much more often so I can play again.
God knows that my check need some extra 0's
Thanks for the tickets :)
It's a shame I can't get my butt in gear and finish my own book!
I can't stop laughing xDD
If you're looking for some live 8090 AMP jams, then look no further than Sat. Dec. 10 at
2010 Airshow is this weekend and KUIK is having a giveaway via text on Fri, Sat and Sun. Text the word WEB to 27299 to be entered to win.
Cool stat, I get so annoyed waiting for those darn thing's. No patience for traffic lights. Blah
RTRTRTRT “: i want to get serious with #oomf””
Prairie Fruit Farm, Krotovina?
it's cold and sticky huh, that weird it's hard to clean off lol
State Journal newsroom fuel for election night will be coming in the form of the Downtown Vientiane Palace. 3 stars!
Hope everyone has had a blessed Solstice, Happy Hannukah, Merry Christmas, good Kwanzaa, and wish you all a Happy New Year :)
Looking forward to seeing Corey Chisel at First Ave tonight! Been a long time buddy!
Join us! Happy b-day! RT : I was thinking of having a few people for my birthday 3/15-3/16 at your spot.
No homework nights are da BOMB
Follow our girl actress/model filmed with Ryan Reynolds on The CHange Up
At least you're tweeting about your documents :D Summarizing them in 140 characters. plus you'll have 200 words after the break
FREE 21+ Show - Sept. 10th - Bodies Of Evidence , Diverside, Seris & The Ground Beneath @ The Damn Bar - Rio Rancho, New Mexico
Incredibly sad. RT : Just tragic | Junior Seau is the 8th member of the Chargers '94 Super Bowl team to die.
i am your future wife but forever a #braves fan!!
Just had my very first Soon Tofu--Korean dish: boiling red broth, egg dropped in, clams and other tentacles sticking out. Yum.
Well, have a happy Halloween! I'm going to die of heart attack.
Had a great time at seminar today.
If i wasnt so lazy, id walk over
Society's greatest ills are not birthed from evil and greed, but from those who seek to do good with no understanding of human nature.
Pray For my Lil Bro Javon Man ...
at WLCV and loving every minute of it :D
I'll guess Chuck Pagano...because everyone else is saying Tressel.
if you can't make the screening stop by the after party at rosa mexicano - would love to see you!
Mac and cheese coming up yum
Love hearing this. Yes, Mr. Putter and Tabby are lovely for grown-ups too. Love that good dog, Zeke!
Hey does the new Arby's commercial remind you of some videos we helped syndicate a few years ago?
Sexy lips, dirty hips, nice ass, high class, sexy smile, Bieber style. <U+2665>
This is Alex (co-founder of wcw). I'm on a flight to Austin for our launch event tomorrow. Can't wait. It's gonna be awesome.
quest for the best. Who u got taking it all
can u plzzzzzzzzzzzzzz shut the fuck........... up
"Bottles & Cans only" must mean "Diapers, half a sandwich and snotty kleenex" in some other language... come on people!
According to this youtube video ,gay males like to address everyone as "buddy".
ya las subi!
AB- 2 years later I still remember. Sending you all kinda of light and love.
Jessica Simpson does realize Drew is the name of a Lachey right?
Obama is greater than or equal to an etch-a-sketch.
I can write this cigar off as a buiness expense, right? :) Seriously though.
I've run out of ideas for class tomorrow. Should we do heads on desks, or should I make THEM lead a discussion of their own research topics?
my mom just spent a good 10 mins watching videos of sloths
awesome - congrats!
Late, costumed departure. Wondering if I go to Max's or B&O?
same, cool. (: you playing bball in High school?
Ladies with a pikachu voice is so sexy. Xbox live party has become a Pokemon fest lol
for sure
I used to live right around there myself..yeah prb at her b-day and then early Aug... ;)
Thanks for the memories
Fuck me sideway on a pole
I see what your trending; 50 MILLION GONZALISTICS <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> You guys make me proud. Thank you for it <3
mide as well you got the hair already, all you need now is the accent & a papi
We have over 70 #sportsbiz professionals RSVPed for tonight event ! It's going to be a great night of networking!
doing well. You?
Love the heat new unis...hate lebrons hairline/headband
At some point your heart will tell itself what to do.
Ha! If I could, I so would... oh so would.
just did!:D
2013 #Badgers target Semi Ojeleye (6'5" SF - Ottawa, MO) blowing up big time this weekend in Virginia.
Charter revision is key about education no other proposal will work
..everybody searching for love, when they need to be searching for jobs, schools, their child's father(s).. things that matter..
#HocusPocus is my shit!!! I love Halloween(:
let's go pick up some men in that sweet ride of yours ;)
he will no show on you if you ask him to play Hunt on a Sunday morning. FYI.
What a night! Can't believe my time with the CU Glee Club has come to an end. Thanks and all my friends for coming :)
Just landed in Amsterdam.. did this wine creep up on me?
ugh we should have come tonight! got to lazy.
I should give up on this :-( ppl stop followin me why :'(
New Blazers going for 2-0???
Go nuggets
I'm kidding, really, but surprised no one knew this great song .When asked for "best CivWar song," they said "Dixie."
When your brother makes you cry and your mom calls him a scumbag
Good morning, everyone! Haven't been tweeting much--am in the middle of 2 major moves, house and day job. Won't be finished until June.
one last xray...lets get done!
. biting stylie. You guys should be besties.
Work from home, the pay is $3,000 a month plus $500 weekly bonuses. 2hrs a day sending people to our website. Do you want details?
Organizing a #business conference, planning a trip to an exotic locale? Contact (310) 801-1868 & mention
as well as local biz who want to get involved and support those who are giving back
my dog looks badass when drinking smoothies, but it gives him diarrhea
The Maryland #Lottery confirms in a release that their state’s winning Mega Millions ticket has been claimed
CAC talk about the to-be published short form of the PNT to provide a way to quick eval aphasic deficits & detect changes in lang abilty.
dude you're so adorablee :) and right back at chaa' ;*
Good morning everyone
BORED W/ PowerPoint? Come visit us right by the SX Saloon at #SXSW! Have a drink, get a demo...We're giving away MacBook Airs!!
#BackWhenIWasAKid I used to think that growing up would take forever.
#ilookforward to holding you kissing you & asking you to be my woman
Was HB 519 in committee or on the floor?
Where you going? RT : oh okay I torn too
Busy couple of days this week.
Beautiful day Portland people. Make sure you get a walk in (as long as you aren't wearing skinny jeans).
Getting ready for a new resume package to sort out for a CFO call me if you are a CFO. My packages are very professional. Jason
Sentence of the Day: It is the contention here that the deciduous forest was well on its way to climax by 8000 BC.
I think the real question here is why you have a "laundry guy"
me too!! :)!! And you can meet my friends who are also Directioners! :D
Sample of the Day - Blueberry Vanilla Creme Black Tea!!! Delicious!
lol girl we try....and yu still at skool???
oh ok tell them I said hi :) is logan taking you to the banquet?
Working at Twitter just might be the MOST interesting thing to do if you're passionate about info and social media
Happy Mother's Day!! <U+2665>
Last day for Earth Week: get some FREE Seeds and a $5 game card voucher.
Hey now!!
Deal. I kind of feel like this spring is going to involve reading until my eyes bleed.
Work that! Lemme see ya drip sweat!
Since I'm local, I kinda want to *do* the nav test to see if I could nail less than 8 miles.
What are you wearing to brighten up this dreary day in #Indy? We're loving all of these bright colored scarves!
holiday jazz starts today on 89.9 !!!
Maybe u just witnessed horrific marriges but I get it tho. I didn't believe either til I met my hubby! Be hopeful, Beautiful :)
Dude glad you liked it man!!
The clouds look like dye in a bottle of water today.
wow well people change... So i have change but how do i get down. Is that supposed to be a good thing
wait til u hear the new project coming out in a few weeks, best yet
Thanks for the mention, Polly.
All he does is Lin Lin Lin no matter what!
great pictures - can't wait to see your story at 4,5 & 6 on KOIN!
We'd like to DM you, could you follow us pretty please °o°
This is the dumbest overtime ever!
Dude, getting followed off a bus all the way to your home by some kid you don't know.... Is extra weird. Don't ask for my number or a hug.
Some nights.
Finally it's over
Saw a black and fawn pug duo on my way to cut & color at Pimps & Pinups. A good luck omen from ?
stoked to have a local and #socialmedia whiz in our corner. cheers
- you have been blocked & reported as spam, so go fuck yourself :-)
Wtf, I just saw this on Facebook --> "5/17/12 I love you baby" -________-
I joined ya!
I Respect My Team
What's good yo..I'm on deck ready to put some visuals together
How was TAN? So wanted to be there, but busy with pre-prod on web series. Did you have a chance to check out the web site?
Hunkering down to do some reading for class and realizing I'm EXHAUSTED.
Just left the gym gettin my swolle on I'm hurting everywhere
Thank you sir, that just made my shitty week a lot better. I just joke about being cocky though cause I never really be lol
come out tonight and be energized by the art!
Thanks Brian..
Cleaning out the magazine library with at before the big move tomorrow!
Come on.... come on.. don't be lazy lol!
This has been a difference that was in place long before 2012 DC The snark factor existed long before Fed as bad teammate meme
if u were my bf i'd never let u go <3;)!
You're page 126! RT Truly honored that my #TIBessay is in "This I Believe: Life Lessons," in your bookstore on October 4!
What's new?
I smell like soy sauce and I don't like it.
check out my backround stevie its sick as hell
Lazy day with the kiddos. Dustys sick finnleys close to having it pretty sure roxy will have it tomorrow which leaves it with me all weekend
was that the 2001 team? Negative Ghost Rider.
People just don't understand me or my feelings.... So they get a stank ass attitude
“: Goodmorning Y'all :) should I clean my room or go lay out?? Hm” Lay out!!!! Duh!
I like this shirt
we ask what our respondents "mostly" use when they go online, a smartphone or something else
Call the cops!
oh no! what yu mean by that? you go away for school? Uhmm I am sorta busy this following week but next week im free.
any "sneaking" to the good seats at MSG this week? Shocked at how many people were at the mid week afternoon sessions
sorry ladies, j.c. chasez says no n'sync reunion. he says they've moved on. and by 'they', he means 'justin'
Anyone ever use their #nook or #kindle for textbooks? Thoughts? Keep in mind I'm an English major. I love the feel of books.
Its only Monday but I'm already amped for this weekend w/ and : Fri sat!
Spent the day focused on thinking positively. It put me in a much better mood.
Six more days!! #CoLS <U+2764>
So is it time to pop the bubbly?
If you see me in the kitchen prepping chicken and the skin still on it, sumptin getting fried tonight
I'm looking forward to that day
I just sat and read so many tweets from and they're great.
Check us out at www.watchnhllive.com for all your NHL games live online just register and enjoy the games thanks!!!
hahaa thanks girl!! ;) I better see you soon!!
no, considering I would blast it on my headphones once a day lol
next year!
What game is that?!
Day 3 of our '10 Days of Giving'. What #305 Non-Profit to support?
CHECK YOUR DMS ASAP
Sports are awesome
RT : Awesome statement by : Do you remember when had a tongue ring? That was funny. //
It appears all 3 were up double digits on Kerrey. And she's not a novice. So I don't fear the Angle problem. And she LIVES in NE
I have the most perfect belly button. When I stick my fingers in it, I feel a nerve in the center of my body shoot up my spine.
"to become truly great one ha to stand with people, not above them"
yaaaaaay! Were so short on people!
When do you plan to release your next book? We could help with distribution or promotion on Read Print.
Youll Never Go Wrong Making Brooks Brothers your First Stop in NYC.
Happy Tuesday, #Lakeview. Stop in today for a quick lunch and learn a little bit about what we're about, we'd love to hear you!
no doubt. Seabrook penalty was a joke
I wish you was there!!!
yup best buy in pineville
Sometimes I don't even understand what I'm saying. I'll go back and thing about what I said and be like wut haha
"I think I need wine. And a Coke." Happy Mother's Day, !
I kinda wanna go home. I'm a long way from it though..
Oh heck yeah, .. My ears are throbbing a little..i missed this feeling. Thanks again :)
anytime bro .. Keep it up!!
I feel so left in the cold!
Presumably about Kretovic's Asperger's (form of Autism) although ADA was a but guarded in saying so
What is to do for relaxation if unable to intimidate enough Hummers on the evening commute?
so great to cross paths. Had a blast doing your panel!
RT : Showers are starting to break up. Several places seeing sunshine. Overnight, we fall to 58° with a partly cloudy sky.
John Edward Gray, you described too many things in too many different publications. And now you have eaten my day.
You tell 'em.
HDR photo groups on Flickr draped in black today with news of Thomas Kinkade's death
Hey! Did you get my message?
"let's imagine drugs"
Happy Birthday Mom!!
just ate a bag of doritos and a pickle. am i pregs?
It's pretty cold out!
Do you ever just need to watch Trapped In The Closet? I know I do.
When i was like 10 i told my neighbor that she was gonna be a stripper in the future and she got mad at me. Lol
Thanks for the follow / Obrigado pelo follow!
Dude my team's doing a carwash for a fundraiser next weekend.. Just drive to Florida and we'll do it for you :)
R.I.P. Donna Summers. She lost her bout with cancer today. She was 63.
I am worried that iPhone pics of my pet which was edited by my Facebook family isn't going to make the cut w @
Intense cleaning with my pandora on high.. All smiles, best vday ever! Life is good <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
well said. I think...
I got a nasty splinter :(
We are hiring two experienced servers (full time)! Apply in person 17th & Q between 4-5pm. Ask for Dito or Dino.
I'm just sitting here, chillin' and waiting for Austin to make a fucking awesome album.
And Stanford is on ice!!!
Room is good, i will be sharing w/3 other girls. There are bunk beds and I have top bunk. There isn't really any snow here.
wish I could stop by today for roasted chicken on cheese grits drizzled w/ sorghum! I admit, never had sorghum. Tasty?
Mary K. Greer has a new #Tarot title, "Who are you in the Tarot?" out soon! It is a reworking of Tarot Constellations, a classic book!
There's two helicopters circling a neighborhood near my work, never a good sign
New festival dates announced soon!
Congrats did something relevant... I'd b just as proud if that pic was hoax. Stay Up gang
Remember when I asked for your opinion? Yeah, neither do I.
We just got shut down by some old fuck who lives across from where we're set up; he threatened to call the filth. Another triumph!
good luck tonight bro
Check out our newly design Twitter page! Special thanks to for helping to create this.
healthcare reality-$900.00 a month for single coverage. Those who fight healthcare reform are covered by their jobs.
Thought I had Jimmy Jam's address once. Sent cd & 6pg letter begging him to let me just watch him work. But the address was wrong.
Will Oldham's a good actor/rock star
people complain, but is it really worth it?
You are on a roll tonight......lots of funny tweets :)
RT Thus losing the Dwight Schrute demographic// Along with Doug Funny and the citizens of Bluffington.
Iteration and modularity are key to design success.
oh , yeah my sister on her way home.
As I said before... I never repeat myself.
be there by 8- gotta get J, he's with Rod.
thanks for following us dude! help get the word out on JADED! new music soon!
We're also told link-up BeLocal sales process has begun
I like going to ALA but those sessions do not get down to the nitty gritty like this.
Can We Cuddle?
OMG So beautiful out! Makes me want to run naked with balloons!!!!
Can't believe all the people on FB posting idiotic comments about Junior Seau. You didn't know him or what his problems were.
not worth it. I know her, she is Nick Van Excel's sister
Another way to do it: if you can put an s on it, you have fewer of them. Not less.
#ifitwasuptome there would be more male strip clubs lol
And please keep me in mind for future panels. I enjoy them!
I hope everyone had a great Holiday weekend. Its time to start thinking about next year.
still hustling :) is SA a sweatbox right now?
what did you tell me
Hmm. Jon Lester, Rajon Rondo, Among many more :-).
It is better to be ostracized by others and have Jesus than to lose Jesus and be accepted by people. Pastor Moore
soon as Rock T started laughing I knew it was gonna be crazy
Going door to door selling dry cleaning... Wouldnt have guessed!
can't stop staring at the pic,it gives me butterflies. ah.
I know - it's every week - another child with autism wandered into death - usually by drowning.
I love my Walmart its the best.
Chugging a Starbucks Venti is never a good idea. Especially when u chug it in 5 minutes :-)
looking forward to more great #wine & #lifestyle recommendations on 12/30 @ Vintner Grill Strip!
My LifeStyle Aint Made For Everybody.
Driving from Cleveland to Nashville on this blustery day.
using a purple lightsaber should get your #Mancardrevoked but can definitely pull that shit off.
Sen. Mark Kirk (R-IL) Junior Senator from Illinois in Barack Obama's old Seat, had a stroke. Our thoughts are with Senator Kirk. Get Well.
They are talkin' us up...get ready...log on www.wecu1570.com
Good Afternoon!
RT : How are you FUELING today? Eat rich,
It is interesting being a banjo player, really, you dont' get the joke. I mean, of course you take a fishing pole to the show at Marine Wor
He's trying... And it makes my heart smile
lady gaga is great she is the best totally cool
for me and too.
your projects completely inspired me to refocus for the past few months and upcoming months! THANKS!
Most mobile games are repetitive/mindless entertainment - how can this be good for you?
": Rap City used to be my shit" but now.... shit just sucks, nothing like the old days
Rangers strike first!
Turn something negative into positive & see how much better you'll feel.
Today is really trying to break me. Unh-unh, not today.
yet. But it will be so fun watching her figure it out.
“ “ Brought to you by the girl yogurt Jamie Lee Curtis uses to poop #AnniesMove #community””
Thank You so much :D
Knowing Jesus... wakes the eyes of the heart.
On my way to the gym now to work off yesterday's stress and bull
Security 2012 has kicked off in Indy. Higher Ed information security practitioners gather to improve cybersecurity in higher ed
lets hope so
A #BFElvisFactoid - today in 1960 Elvis Presley made his first post-Army recording.
Yeah I know the feeling. Let's hope they keep coming in. In the mean time I am indeed happy as a freelancer. Thanks Ryan!
awww Happy Birthday!!!!
Am completely alone at home, it's snowing, and I have no means of transportation. It shall be an epic vacation day today, methinks.
Have fun talking to Mark after this one...
ah! why why why he is so sexy he is playing in 2 weeks im still deciding if i should go or not tickets are still available
I'm a tax payer! What are you? A sax player!?
Can Someone help me get to 150 please!!:)
I was interviewed/featured in an issue of Curve Mag! Page 10 :) Please support my artwork by purchasing copy. Thanks so much! Lots o' <3 V
yeah i do it in a sarcastic way lol. Like mr. Berry has super swag lol.
During the Playoffs me & can only directly communicate on nights when our teams arent playing or we couldnt b cool lol
Happy Leap Day!!!
Brought my 14 and 11 yr old sons to #reinventlocal to observe what innovation looks like The business of APIs and superb event
Gramercy!! We go on in 20 minutes!! Who's hanging out with us?? Make sure you say hello to us =)
that's crazy.
I'm happy for the people of Sacramento, but still increasingly angry at Howard Schultz and Greg Nickels.
Is government supposed to be so small you can drown it in a bathtub or fit it in a vagina? I forget.
yes I'll shoot you some options when I get in front of the computer
Fun lil time at eagle creek
Two, everyone thinks their problems are most important. So anti-white racism is "the real racism" when it's what you notice personally.
Hooker lost Assemblyman in 1853 by13 votes in CA. Future Polit.Ambitions? GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
yes I did!!! Omg I'm so happy jordan won it and Jeff won the favorite big brother contestant. Jeff was cute ;)
#milwaukee We will be tweeting at the Milwaukee NARI Home Improvement show this weekend in Milwaukee, WI. Stay tuned for show specials!
I'm sure your readers will love :)
and yeah, he's saying it's not true. May not be. I'm just saying...I can see it. hahaa
“: An #Aries can blow up a small situation and make it a big deal.” this is soo me
Training Truth: Instead of doing more cardio, do better cardio. When your aerobic training is more challenging, your results will be better.
Lets Go Mets!!!
YOU TWO ARE SO PERFECT. I CAN'T HANDLE IT.
I'm not sure her example doesn't turn more folks off
« so Boosie was found not guilty?»
Sounds like a good plan to me. : )
Louie Louie!!!
Listening to Stevie Wonder to try to clean my brain out after that appalling Karmin thing. Talking Book seems to be doing the trick...
Playground flash mob @ 11pm fells square, Mark I better see you out there.
I love the way you say "Constancio". lolololol.
Its funny how quick I get irritated
me neither!!!
ha. Text me
RT : Yes! Today we will be celebrating my birthday at This is the spot for the week for b-days and Cinco!
FInishing the last minute details for the IAAPA trade show before we leave for Vegas, this will be a great week!
Get your pet fixed the low-cost way! The Spay Neuter Clinic offers a variety of pet services at affordable prices. Spaying or neutering...
I love not having a car!
Phil Gentry takes up Philip Brett on connection between John Cage's indeterminacy and sex cruising. (audible gasps in audience!)
I'm pretty sure Matt Bush failed that test.
See Im the victim here!!!
a lot of Sprout's programming is worthy of deeper discussion
Homecoming is here! Come out and support your Tigers all weekend!
Stress-Free Moving
miss you :(
wanted to respond to your link, but decided it best not to have my opinion on job v career permanently stored on internets
good day at LB. thanks to everyone who stopped by our booth & donated to the seal beach fund! Patchwork will be back in May!
I think I just died when I saw Clint Barton.
Just leased one of your beats.. can't believe youre only 19, your shit is better than the pros
if you treat me like shit, i wont hesitate to call you on it.
Aries can easily become spoiled and resented by others.
are yall going to fiddlers frolic on friday or saturday?
#Mark Earlix #healer speaking & working on people Sunday at Galactic Expo 12 noon & booth #33, Fair Grounds
Gabby & Carlos are so cute when they're sweet to each other, ugh & Orson does so much for Bree lol. Jail & surgery.
Thanks. Would love your feedback.
Hi God, u know what to do for MissiK at this moment, so i am already thanking You for the answers and a calm and peace mojo 4 her
True believers understand that certain things just cant be explained.
Cant wait to share it with all of you!!
...respect for all of u ladies the team and the other fans!!!! This #PACKFAM is truely amazing and one of a kind!!!!
Happy to be here, wish I could stay longer. Also, looks pretty cool!
“: ah. i love Mint Condition.” -- the old skool r&b group??
whats up with T.O. Thats my boy
i think that the most coolest peoples in the wrold is , , , so follow them please :)
hey girl lol I don't no what's up with my phone I'm just getting the notification
Summer has come early!
At the Flyers game, having an AWESOME time! With GREAT seating
Was nice to meet you guys yesterday! Thanks for saying hi. ;) Even if you are Tar Heels.
yes, and ill be there:-)
'Permont' is another one, is it really that hard?
Hi Daniel, you're awesome. and I'm looking forward to meeting you, whenever that is #HHFamily :-)
May you live all the days of your life.
in 2011! Watch out world!!!!
"Pick your favorite brownie mix" is no way to start a recipe for the 'ultimate brownie'.
Moving towards abyss ? What do u call Zardari Klepto regime ?
I'm looking for a #hairstylist for this Sunday afternoon's test shoot with an exceptional team! Message me if you're interested!
lol ok I'm looking at tabs old yearbooks and was certain it was you!!
I don't understand why are my followers in Twitter are increasing! :S
MacDefender Virus/Malware attacked most MACs earlier... Be warned.... Do not install!
I love that movie!
Hey Bro! Thanks for the referral! It's Abba's Girls Music and Management on facebook! Like "Abba Father":-)
Yeah Definitely.
I'm ready for skype test. Will you be calling soon?
makes me sick and validates how if you are rich what you can buy your self out of. Makes me want to boy-cot Hollywood
R.I.P Heavy D. Talented brotha!
That term is "Refreshing." This helps the food retain its flavor and color.
LMAO that is awesome
its curly like pubic hair
haha we were just over that way!
Did some sick manuling today .
FOLLOW ME ON INSTAGRAM!!!
I know it's not real original but I'm totally baked and that's the 1st thing that came to mind. Any show planned for Philly?
Ten Tiny Taiko Dances = FUN! Come see the final show at the Winningstad TODAY, 2pm matinee! Tiny stage, big drums...
I can't believe my dog fell asleep before the big awards. Eh, he was always more of a golden globes kind of dog
Heyy will you guys be in Newcastle next month with BrokenCYDE and Jeffree star, Ive already got my tickets I just want to know:3
Going to work on the album a little bit, and then do some homework
omg ur cat is adorable :)
Sometimes when I'm alone, I use Comic Sans. #graphic design
Me 3. RT When Tim tweets, I listen. RT You should be following
We're here until 10PM tonight!! Check out our community center for the latest ideas for your NYE party, we've got all the scoop!
Coughing tens of times a day, all day, every day, is unreasonable and PERVERSE, guys. Absurd. But someone tell my cube neighbor that. ARGH.
Played an awesome show last weekend in Warsaw! We will have some photos & video up to share tomorrow
Oh thank goodness is safe!!! Super shocked at the bottom 3 though. Wow.
Good to be back at the membership committee meeting today! Holiday Jam is coming December 14.
Wow am I really that needy? And can't wait for your bday! I'm gonna be a Smurf, so I might still be blue
Enjoy a #naturist special getaway 2 nights $200 visit us
Thanks for stopping in! Hope you enjoyed the gorgeous weather. Come back soon!
I'm SO bored!!! Lol jk
loved Retromania, wondered if you've read Nietzsche's "On the Uses and Disadvantages of History for Life," highly rec'd.
You'd always say that you hate to see me hurt and you hate to see me cry. So all of those times u hurt me, did u close ur eyes??
Gmail Fail I've been getting this error all day Oops… the system encountered a problem (#000) - Retrying in 22s…
I feel the same, and its probably directly tied to the rising childhood obesity rates
We're good!(: Can you PLEASE follow me? (<:
Last year it was "swag". This year "ratchet". I can't hate, some of ya'll needed those two words added to your vocab Lol!
communication ecology? it is earth day after all.
Earth's population up to 7 billion now...if I ever do decide to get on the "mommy train", pretty sure I should just adopt.
okay good!
And just like that, the Federal Dept. of Fashion is created!
Give me a break, pathetic
I know its been a couple of years lol ... thank you !!! & dm your number to me
- Thank you for the #FF!
Black Friday Only!! Get 50% more than you spend on tattoo gift certificates! Example $100=$150 gift cert. Cash Only, only good for tattoos!
I HATE FOLLOW LIMIT.
Can't wait to be birdwatching in the Berkeley hills with you know who. :)
the yellow ranger held the weight of the whole team of #PowerRangers up. she was the one of the legs!
#ThatIrritatesMe.....that some ppl be screaming "IM SINGLE && LOVING IT" but is so DESPERATE of wanting a man....
More importantly, was the law firm communication sent as spam? Did you opt in?
Another awesome LIVE intervu from
Rick Ross Birthday Bash 2night Hosted By Diddy... #StudioLife Will be in the building VIP
- Happy new year & new phone ;-)
Almost Friday
ok that is really cool thanks.
I just got outa the bath tub to plug in my radio.. I wasn't dry yet... I electrocuted myself.. Still in shock.. Goodnight
- Finish this joke: A nun, a monk and a rabbi walk into Starbucks...
Looks like is on a roll today! Nice work! RT : Just found some Free Art #fafdet thanks
DIG! may be the greatest movie ever.
Thanks for the kind words!
Why not?
Thank you so much!
As you breath, another person takes his last. So stop complaining, but rather live your life with what you got. Make every breath count.
livin on my own without a phone so i drone on an epiphone all alone
Took the wrong bus >:| fuck now I'm late to work.
Just followed a ton of little monsters. Follow back for #gagafacts!
I wish but he's outta town right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>but yea we can still go to the movies!!
my 9-1 lead just might put me into the playoffs.
Short haiku by Issa, read by Rogers A lovely thing to see through the paper window hole The galaxy
Nice game last night but what was that on your head?
lol yes i love your blog your a great writer...and that makes now... when are you coming here again?
Ah, but those are the ones to really slash-and-burn. To think what I could do with Robert Coover (or, sacrilege, John Hawkes)
no way! Smh he's a big waste of space I swear I've really tried to reach out to him, but he's too much of a LIAR for me!
knowing that your boyfriend is cheating on you...</3
Follow Please? Your Amazing!!!<33
Not sure what is, or what we do? Check out our website @ www.wvmusichalloffame.com
Seriously, I would fuck to any by The Weeknd songs.
Today kicks off National Pet Week in the USA! What celebrations do you have planned? Start the week off right by hugging your pet today!
- dislike! Stopped caring when I was 12! Now if the waitstaff brought out a fee bottle of wine!!! Now we're talking!
Fuck I wanted to watch that damn movie
Lynnette has worn the button down, collared shirts 90% of the past 8 yrs, most of which were blue or w/ stripes.
Birthday wishes, have a good one!
if you not my parent then please learn who you talking to.
things Im pissed about...the list seems endless. #Amiright?
I'm pretty sure I'm getting sick ughh
RT The Sofia Hotel "We do not remember the days, we remember the moments." - Cesare Pavese
#20ThingsAboutMe 6. I hate my job. Hollister is a piece of shit and I cannot stress this enough times.
my favorite song from i'm taking off is all of them.
good morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
haha well thank you :)
We understand that you really don’t feel like making dinner tonight. We’re here to help!
Is EXCITED that it is going to be in the 80's here tmrw!
Oh you know, eating a five pound tub of cookie dough. Nbd.
You know that #feeling when you know something great! But you can't say anything ):
This MVP acceptance speech is so good.
Looks like Hopslam is now on tap
Sad to have missed the opening of the FAV Triennial Exhibition tonight. Hoping to make it down to Providence to check it out soon!
The water kept rising from the bowl
Maurice Sendak, thank you for making my childhood and my adulthood more magical than it would have been otherwise.
One hour til Wendy's opens
"One of the marks of excellent people is that they never compare themselves with others."
9 tackles 1.5 sacks another day at the office s/o to my daw for gettin live out there...we makin noise this year
Thx #Gmail Motion for making my morning. BTW, this tweet was written by making obscene noises with my armpits.
Shewt... It might've been from John piper, or maybe Donald miller.
Wow! Virginian Earthquake?Felt as far as New York City and Washington?
Lots of folks have DUIs. Leon Hall even. Dude can play and was a good citizen. Love the pick.
The library's revolving door makes a woo-woo sound every time it moves. Wish I had a can of grease like the cartoon chars carry around
sweats pants dayy :D
the paper or online????? My Mom can't find it haha
w/ ready for an awesome show and night!!
good luck all!
citrine nyc is going to be hot tonight. i will be at tavern on the green before that:)
“ There's nothing like havn your OWN & being SPOILED at da same damn time!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>”
I'm cooking up some internet magic, as usual. I'll take some ribs though! :-D
Son gone and all I wanna do is lay in the bed.. #smh just need a break I guess
slowly getting sicker as we get further into spring
All first-year admission decisions will be mailed on March 27! Check your mailboxes and Fight On!
Getting my new MacBook pro
it's been awhile!!
Real friends don't get offended when you insult them. They laugh and call you something even more offensive. Me and
Oh, what's that? You were right in the middle of reading the Spring issue of MOD Magazine? Oh okay, that's what I thought. LOL
Firehouse + Jamba Juice = Ultimate Hangover Cure
MONEY & RESPECT
Sen Alesi announced he's not running for re-election last night.
#3drunkwords "live it up!"
I love this!
Ugh, still working on the housebreaking. Damn puppy is a poo machine! And he wants to eat everything!
Eating at Taco Bell..wondering if this is the beginning of fast, cheap food for the world population...89 cents for a bean & beef burrito.
The Art of Western Expansion - Art Talk at Nanini. Saga of western migration in 1800s through eyes of artists. Wed, 2-22 @ 3:30. No Reg.
Girls will purposely make you jealous to see if you care
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow is trending. Oh boy.
I really want to go emo.....
--when all is said and done, I might be successful but I won't have anyone around to enjoy my life with me. I worry about it but I don't --
": .lol Me && My Keita B. ! .love her" love you to girl lol
Another great weekend! Thanks to , and for everyone in Minneapolis for coming out! Up next - May 3!
To my dismay, my old silver fillings that were replaced with pretty tooth-colored ones have no trade-in value. Times have changed since 1920
talk to tomorrow hanks HAY
I cried when my frog got lost:( he jumped away and disappeared sadly
haha yeah I know! That would be amazing. :)
Damn, the first scene! Our ad was spot on.
Time for #Brady to handle biz.......
hey there, How ya been?
what happened bro?
Lol like old times! I'm sure Brad would've loved to go with you ;)
LOVE that movie.
Morning World <3
Always have to #Thank the #Father for being woken up! Happy #Sunday everybody!<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
I just did my weekly 10 votes for and Peta! Did you?
doing everything i cn to be noticed! following every1 he follows just to get a simple follow bck pls follow...4 me :)) :p
RT : The libertarian position is not pro gay marriage. The libertarian position is get the government entirely out of marriage
hey we're in the same cohort! Know if any others from anne's cohort tweet?
"Don't frown. You never know who's falling in love w/your smile..." - on #FB this morning. Thanks, Birdy Boo. :)
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
Thanks Tim! I appreciate all the good advice. Now I just need to figure out how to put all the good advice to use at once. :)
I would die if you followed me!! Your my idol!!
“ While the other guy's sleeping? I'm working. While the other guy's eatin'? I'm working. ” Will Smith (1968 – )
Back home safe from week-long conference in Cincinnati. Did not convert me to a Reds fan, go Brewers!
I have a serious case of the mondays through late thursdays.
you always get distracted easy lol
Hooray! Hope you had a swell time this weekend.
Are you kidding me?
Its a beautiful day in
I just lost my bestfriend...again.
okay i gave up video for the month, so what music and podcasts can you recommend to fill my entertainment hole?
Loving the housewives of NY reunion...part 2
We still need those 15 likes to give away tickets for Sunday's matinee! Share us!
Can u bring an iPod full of some Euro music for after 9pm? We have some great Europeans on the task already, but more is better
More and more i find the need to start a separate to-do list of things i want to remind myself to spend time thinking about. a to-think list
My Keurig blew a fuse here but my tenacity won out in the end; now the pot is plugged in on the circ desk.
I tried the new Twitter, and I disliked it immensely. I'm sticking with this one, but maybe I'll try the new one later and like it... <3
U go girl!
In 2007 Apple paid about 1 million dollars for the iphone.com domain
Why does confuse me so much. Can we just have a restart?
no problem, glad it's rollin for ya.
Hi John! Thanks for #following Love your positive attitude! Bring it on!
Herman Hesse Hating people is like burning down your own house to get rid of a rat.
Neumann far ahead in delegate voting looking to earn wi gop endorsement #rpw2012 Fitzgerald in second
I'll try to make it!
dm would you be interested in a ground breaking story regarding an academic leap eliminating most or all book costs?
Ignore me I don't care .
Thanks for the follow! I just followed you on #Tumblr too=)
I love my life & I love runnin around doin a million things. Sometimes I just want to do nothing. Just sleep. Just me & my bed.
WTF #: so many followers if u follow me i follow ya back how that sound
LOVE making smoothies with frozen fruit. I always have it on hand. I never had the Standard Process protein powder... will try!
Where did the blue skies go? Come in and be ready for the sun to come out with as organic glow spray tan!
Thank you for the RT! xo
I love it!! One of my favorite things about the twitter-verse!
Very interesting article, thanks!
yeah hopefully, maybe now she's realized how much Stefan really cares, she'll want him back again...
Right on ;)RT : Never be afraid to be yourself. Remember an original is worth more than a copy. #HappyFriday!
Patience is a virtue... RT : I have too much patience <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Yeah that happened to me before. That sucks :/
That looks so good. Do they deliver? to Nebraska?
hope he makes it through ok, he's had enough to deal with. praying for him <3
Loving the organizing products featured today. Absolutely makes cleaning that much more fun & organized!
I forgot I have tattoos -_-
B.I.E.B.E.R. Believe In Everything Because Everything's Reachable
st. louis bound this AM
RT I hope to get cracking on my children's book this break! Maybe I'll get the proper tools for xmas#HDSholiday <online?
My timeline right now is hilarious <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I like Ev, & for monogramming, the more curly Q's the better. U know they make glow-in-the-dark thread, right? :)
the sun can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else to do
When I root I root for the TIMBERS!!!
“ #Gemini at their worst can be cold, detached and insensitive”
#happyeaster spread the love <U+2665>
hi austin. please tweet me, you would pretty much make my life. <3
One good idea that some entrepreneurs in Boston created was a weekly coffee gathering on Wednesday mornings and ...
~~Stage Freight Strategies Part 4~~ 8.Absolutely memorize your opening statement so you can recite it on autopilot if you have to.
I just recently found out that Washington DC is not actually in Washington but in Maryland
Merry Christmas!!!!!
The better half () had family day with the Perez girls - - - I had SANGRIA & POODLE DAY in Central Park!!!
My celebrity look alike is definitely E.T.
i slammed my head into my towel rack last night, it hurt like hell... luckily the bruise is minimal & benji said i was fine
I love freepdfconvert.com so much I wanna marry it.
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless My love for
That math test was epic ahaa!
Wanna do something different with your Saturday afternoon tomorrow? Sign up a team for tomorrow's CityStreak and win $300
Getting started at work is becoming my daily Vietnam
I think we would need all the balloons-I wonder what they do with them post parade? Hope you & Ollie had a happy thanksgiving!
really i sort of like texas but prefer to move to new york or something like that!
inbox me on fb I need one for my god daughter
Ira Berlin's _Many Thousands Gone_ addresses north American slavery both regionally and chronologically; good for mining fns.
Writing a news release can b like putting all the puzzle pieces together to make the finished product
Still hungover from the birthday of
Today is the first day of Seattle Beer Week. A week that LASTS ELEVEN DAYS.
I am having serious blazer envy this morning re and Jordan Alexander Stein
my blog=flawless lol
Special thanks to the drivers in the #DFW #metroplex today for my rain-soaked commuting adventure through this morning's thunderstorms.
U brought back so many characters but at the same time u let 1 from the same time frame go - Why???
LOVE RT : leadership/corporate culture: "If you behave like a disease, people develop an immune system" ~ Kevin Marks
We'll miss you Jean
i just want to dance with you
yea but im sure there is a close second somewhere..
Can you two stop being so cute. Kidding.. No but really. <3
I wish I had a cool name. Instead I'm stuck with caroline.
this is a great list but missing a tool for going beyond the blog, why not DreamFace
It is spring forward Monday
Bristol Palin, fuck you.
I cant stop readin em i really wanna fully understand
It doesn’t matter where you are, you are nowhere compared to where you can go. -Bob Proctor
“The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.” Vidal Sassoon
CHEAP POKER TABLES! www.eproducts4less.biz
I did, it died today. Hence, no ride.
Friend :Say ma you bad Me: you know her Friend: no but I got her number
You can hella tell that all those females who post about going to the gym all the time got butt naked when it got hot outside lol
Non TT can be co-PIs, but a TT person has to be in the lead.
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld The Notebook <U+E328>
Get what you really wanted. bacon-chocolate bars at The Chocolate Library now.
To be the agent whose touch changes nature from a wild force to a work of art is inspiration of the highest order. -Bob Rodale
Vote for on Great Food Truck Race: RT vote ten times by texting FT088 to 66789 (Thats a Zero) Thanks soo much!
yes. We'll coordinate timing/space needs shortly!
hey christian jacob beadles
I find it a little weird that I still get nervous before I interview someone.
Ask Siri "Where can I get an Android phone?" and she just thinks & thinks w/o an answer...
congrats on past two days. this year's #cooneyforum was great. keep building industry bridges! next year: #parentscaffolding !
Klex sounds like a type of flying dinosaur xD lol i cant with these bitches >
I often find myself down in the dumps over the fact that the Bill Callahan / Joanna Newsom relationship never yielded a collaborative album.
My life is what you call complicated :( definitely not a fairytale
Four letter F network went out of their way not mentioning our name after Q match ended. Unbelievable!
LOL I've never heard it hahahaha I'll have to check it out :-)
Waiter, what is this hare doing in my salad? I believe he's eating your lettuce.
Due to extreme demand we have added Tuesday, March 20, for our Capone Wine Dinner series! Amuse starts at 6 pm. Come join us for an...
Don't know if anyone else listening to caught it, but Andy just played a song with lines from Allen Ginsberg's "Howl"
Preview for June 10 seminar: learn how to draft a complaint, what is arbitration and when is it appropriate and what to do if you get sued
So maybe not as effective?
"HATER!! #SpursNationAllDay : I'm unfollowing spurs fans, starting with this guy -----> <U+E405>"
did you ever get a sushi rec near Grand Central? Still looking for one?
My chem teacher is a bitch.
its not dumb, you started a culture. 20 yrs strong
At least one person gets it!
"Nobody looks back in their life and remembers the nights they had plenty of sleep." :)
Will French be the second language in locker room if team signs recently bout out Boris Diaw?
If anybody wpuld like to take a break from studying I have something I need help with.
RT : Just a note to #highered - your students are your ROI - Rare, Odd & Interesting. Remember that.
and? btw, did you get my pyrex tweet?
"Diseases of the soul are more dangerous and more numerous than those of the body", according to Cicero
not my falt! Some1 posted an was curious
Congratulations on the winning guess! We look forward to having you at the show
Thank you kindly, took long enough. My advice, if u want to peruse the job market post-graduation - keep ur job while u look
Courtney is all bark, notice she never picks on the girls that will fight back.
listened to my alter egos album &fell down the stairs (consequently...)
Join us this weekend! We have great party plans/dj lineups! Reserve your table by DM/RT us :)
Stop checking your phone for a text you’ll never get.
Carlsbad Strawberry Co WILL NOT be at the Market today - they were hit HARD by the recent rains and don't have their produce to bring today.
Great! Take a look at www.laketravisinsurance.com. I'll call tomorrow =)
Yeah and I leave Saturday morning at 9 So I can talk till then unless Avery gives me her phone.
I don't see your appt? Did you try to book?
good it was soo cute!! now for hair and nails :)
amen MT If ever does something stupid as adding commercials&showing EDITED films then I'll know the world must have ended
Musicology is, um, weird. Saw a paper on the early history of scat singing that didn't mention race. Nor did any of the questions.
Thanks, Jane. Enjoyed your five part blog series on crisis and look forward to connecting with you too.
Follow us at for the newest updates!!!!!
Magnolia & Garfield
Visuals get to the brain faster than words. And visuals communicate in any language. Author: Unknown
Rest in peace, Etta James. Thank you for the years of warm, rich, human music that expressed hope and beauty in the midst of sadness.
No I didn't!! But that's great news. Length of stay, what's on the agenda?
Oohhh . I know who you are now .
happy pi day everyone!!!!!!! make sure to make that pie!
Why is everyone in this school so ignorant? Gain some respect.
So tired :/
#AlexHeartMe I heart you too.
I love Queen; Did you hear that Adam Lambert will be their new frontman? I am withholding judgement until I hear what they sound like
mp3 on while cleaning...
tweeting from molly and andrews wedding in medina...staying alive isnt the same with a rapper!
Be sure to stop by Baciami Cafe in Larchmont Village today and try the Grand Bigne! Yum! Get 20% off with your Block Card too!
YES! So badass.
hey is your phone number the same as it was?
I did , ok ill wait.
Vonage Visual Voicemail translations are giving a new dimension to dementia
Wieters is a bad man. When will runners learn their lesson.
Will be watching more Doug puppet videos #smbmad made this Subaru owner laugh... A lot!
God is always bigger than you imagined or expected or even hoped. ~Richard Rohr
Why was at my house, without me... Haahhaahah
Dying Easter eggs(:
Check out my NEW SONG! International Love by Chris Brown and Pitbull Remix (Putting Down Tonight) - Jace Spades. It's Official
...double or nothing!
still awesome
I want to hire Vin Scully to call my life.
House readopts HB1238, early literacy bill. Congrats and
its with the GoSMS txt app....I can only screenshot txt msgs
Me: I'll wear a snood. Husband: What's a snood? Me: Like a cloche. Husband: That doesn't help.
I think you should! It's a nice way to treat yourself :)
#BackInElementarySchool I WAS COOL.
It goes in waves. Sometimes I tweet a lot. Then not. But if I am passionate about a cause....watch out! LOL!
bo =/ okay aha i would of unfollowed you for that if you did laugh :p
U of I tonight in a bit 9pm @ the Kappa Sigma house, dig it.
Excited to be joining in NYC. A few more hours and I'm there!
If only they'd been able to merge the two headlines: House of cheating chickens draws scrutiny.
Get some longer shorts.
Words aint shit , You bitches aint makin me Money ' So i could care less about one ..
having a personal side to a blog is a must! Otherwise it blends in to every other page on the web.
did some late Grammys creepin. Thanks to & I feel like I was pretty much there. =D
Make sure to wear compression garments for at least 12 weeks after having a tummy tuck.
haha why? I need to make a profit!! Use gidgets car and charge $5...you'll make a killing
Info Lit 101 RT : Very interesting to think about developing tools that expose web as marketplace and not a library
do u follow her? Cuz ppl have blocked me and it still shows their tweets but if I respond they don't get it. Weird. Bitch.
the debate was summed up in one word. NO!
How are those related at all? You look like an ass.
Mind your "P"'s & "Q"'s!!! New Numbers and Letters are up now!
I did not!! Get me some!!
Same. RT : I need more coffee..or my bed
Downton Sixbey last night was brilliant.
yo JB loved you in THE TWENTIETH CENTURY with Carole Lombard. Put down that bottle you rascal!
I love how everyone in LA is getting their tattoos removed. It's more painful to remove it, just don't get any @ all & have fun w/ a sharpee
Weeding out the people who don't understand, or follow. Bout to leave em all behind.
um yeah it is he's fing hawt! And NIGGA PLEASE! ;)
Before overreacting, stop and think. Then do the shuffle.
The 4 P's no long work; we need to focus on the new "P's": problem, pattern, path, proof.
That's a feature definitely worth the download. Now if Tweetie integrated LN and FB, that'd be something fierce.
Can anyone in Tweetville recommend a heavy bag stand? I can't hang a bag in my apartment and am looking for a solid stand to hang one from.
is it for the summer camp I told you to apply for? If so...that figures. I get my friends job and still jobless myself haha.
please don't say thats what they said on Fox.....
Jinsu's mixtape and music video drops today! who's excited!
I think the GenX session is going to be *that* moment that I talk about as inspiring the next stage in my career. Bring it on!
my jealousy is going to be the death of me........i dont care......im never going to trust any other girl around you..
The NBA player's union decided to disband because they would not get a raise on the $5million avg yearly salary.
if you find one of those let me know, I'm curious too!
All that is left now is Facebook... That will be a big step.
Don't rely on people to make you happy. Be strong and do it yourself <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Am I the only person who gets mad when I find out old friends aren't on facebook and I'm gonna have to email them instead?
Then what's big threat to marriage? “: ..stat: only 0.6-0.8% of househlds in #Colorado are same-sex couples #COleg #civilunions”
Hello Ms McMillan...
I guess about to go to the bar and chill
Selling $DRR buying $YCS. Going from short Euro to short Yen.
Lmao. That MOTHA fucka sleep wild as hell and he snores. Yeah I'm bout to do something...
CumMillion is the perfect catch!!
1. Create your Account 2. Download the App 3. Download on OS X or Check Purchases on iOS. Feel free to contact me
my fav and absolutely handsome, just saying, xo! ;)
@ DylanCollins95 I tweeted for you to follow me at 11:11 last night, will you make my wish come true? ;)
thank you thank you for sponsoring The Milwaukee Wine Opener!
I love my best friend maddie durbin!(:<3
Some people hear voices.. Some see invisible people.. Others have no imagination whatsoever.
Who wants a s/o for 150
Textin #OOMF wit a big smile on my face!!!
Think you will make any prints of your "my little pony" print, my daughter would love it.
Good representation from at #contenttour Baltimore! Thanks and Bridgeline Digital for sponsoring.
me too. let's move to north dakota and work in the oil field.
Tweet of the day right here, folks. #NoBaseballKnowledge ": Homer Bailey is awful easily biggest MLB draft bust of all-time"
I gotta make my seperate twitter account named "DVFismymom"..I jut love her too much
Influenza del cazzo >.<
Wow convicted prostitute driving a school bus really Is it that big of a deal she tryna make a honest living.
#Acting mantra "The difficult becomes habit. The habit easy. The easy . . . beautiful". ~ Stanislavsky, Moscow Art Thtr.
Don't forget to follow to get in on all the action of SLJ's Battle of the Kids Books this year!
ABDC wont be the same without the boyz
you were at George's too?! That's so weird. I was in the corner.
Some pretty epic music last night with Video pending.
Of course, even brought the cooler to stock up! RT : Yuma?! Please tell me you stopped at Mr. G's!
Hehe. I understand. I think I might be too, so I guess I have something to work on.
haha sorry xo
Tonight at the command center !!! Come meet us at 7 to help "paper your street " !
have a great time.
Boston Globe Event Inside the Collapse now streaming live on www.BostonGlobe.com
tonight we close at 1 am
I'm just gonna say it. I still don't know what gluten is.
trying twitter again
Yikes. In your mouth?
Spoil me like a princes. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
Way to go ! To the tourney we go!
teams that won in the big XII no less! Best conference around!
& : thnx for following #lifevineworks and what we do 4 youth!
don't forget to pick up our brand new single on iTunes available today!!
Next on my reading list: "Everything is obvious", by #sixdegrees author Duncan Watts. Looking forward!
Billy's on Grand Friday, April 27 8:00pm-10:00pm St. Paul, MN Schell's Team will be sampling 6 Schell draft brand Tattoos & Prizes available
I hope so! Tarragon cognac is next. Could be a hit or miss.
alright cool
Travis, i love you so much. You're everything to me. You treat me like a princess. & You never let anyone hurt me. :)
E-Portfolios: Need to provide opportunities for reflection
Wonderful! I'm really glad I was able to help with this--it will certainly be fun to see how we can collaborate in this venue.
Fenna do an experiment... Ima do something yall do but with my own lil touch
Opening hymn: "Land of the Bottom Line" by John Gorka
#notetoself don't take add meds before a massage appt. Couldn't fully relax
Do you need me to come to Chicago and take you both out for coffee? :)
Fabulous and Ray J had a fight? Really? Aren't they too old to be fighting?
#idontsupport you talking so much. #isupport you shutting your mouth for once!
the nuggets are a good team. Lol they better than the Hawks. Ring a bell?
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
But you're already >
#RG3 trending. Redskins fans pumped. has the story of how the Skins moved up in the draft to get this elite QB. News4 at 6
"I have to go back to BFM to get my bank card." "Hey, I think I left my dignity there, can you look around for it while you are there?"
Woohoo! Approved for the apartment in Leesburg! Now, just need to decide whether to take it or not!
for sure dude! what kind of music do you guys play?
But what about actual phone conversations? WiFi great, mobile phone use bad and #Virgin is apptly going to do it!
I once owned a Ford Pinto. But not in an ironic way. IT WAS MY RIDE.
o gosh lol Idk I didnt think it was bad lol hate Chain Letters too!=/
Friends are relatives you make for yourself - Eustache Deschamps.
I'm working as a Production Coordinator on an Indie NYC film for the next few weeks. Sitting down to start the SAG paperwork.
I'm editing a blog post from one of our Chinese writers on the same topic as well. It's an issue that's not going away ...
Debuting April 24, Spotted Pig chef April Bloomfield's book, A Girl and Her Pig from Harper Collins. Can't wait.
Happiness is getting to know people over dark beer & mexican food! Happiness is a never ending supply of fresh water! Two in one y'all!!!
kay i followed kimberley back!!
Same to you as well be blessed! RT sister, I appreciate you. All the best to you. xo
Hello Laurie, Thank You!
ha ha did not hear u!!! Ha
Kogi BBQ on Ventura at Calhoun -- no line! Get it.
lol oh wow whats wrong my lovely link?
My dog's breath smells like cat food.
#How2Tarot Look out for a number today between 1-22. Something that stands out in the day. When you get home, look up the Major card & read.
where do these anchor men live?
was ready to fight.
Alex is Sexy! (;
If ur not at tonight for Sunny Sweeney u should be!! Having so much fun w/ !!
Two fun nights in a roll.! (: i am so happy.(: cant wait till tomorrow.! Get a fun night with the big sis.
There's still time to visit us at #NYLA11 - We're in booth #96!!! You know you've found us when you see the green booth!
well thats good I guess!:D
Harrisons: democratizing the knowledge of environmentalism "the people who rise up for change will be generalists, not specialists."
“: "I Luh u guh!!" In my Jody from Baby Boy voice lol” LOL I just watched the the other day
Family dinner and family champagne after party tomorrow!
Hahahaha!! RT : LMAO!!! RT : That awkward moment when someone tells you 'long time no see'
Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt.
Merry Christmas Eve everyone... :)
The accident I just had made me loose my will to want to drive.
Mornin' World...let's get this day goin...got goals...let's reach em :)
thanks, enjoy the Fox Valley!
Question 2 #sif12 speakers event on corruption, Azeri blogger said Net can expose corruption--but it doesn't matter if no one cares!
Ill watch sportscenter all night babbyyyy
Reached 100 exercises on Slowly catching up with
this is my real one as well I don't have a RP here
We Are! The New Year, Inside The Target Car, F, A Jasey Project TOMORROW!!!! Bring everyone you've ever known!
What's the one thing Vicente Padilla likes to do more than any P in baseball? Hit batters. Lean into one here Hardy...
TJ Maxx opened today in DC! If you went, what did you buy? Do you think it will fill the void that Filene's left?
the bEARTHday love is overwhelming! <3 THANK YOU ALL
Word! RT : RT : Sometimes it just takes one person to get it for everybody else to get it.
hey! its alex! miss me? -alex
Did you know: Hu Honua Bioenergy will produce baseload power for HELCO? Meaning a steady, reliable energy source and stable energy costs.
you love to hate... But can't because you love what I make
my exact thoughts. ridiculous.
5 min in & God Bless America & it's my new favorite flick.
happy mothers day to all the mommas out there. you're appreciated <U+2764>
I think it takes 100 days to form a habit.
#iPad2 Should be #1, not 10. Are you reading this kids? ;) “: Found article : "Ten great Mother's Day gifts" :-)”
Best thing about that dvd was that it came with a free ticket to see the Remake. Can't wait for this one!
I love him and I don't care what anybody has to say about it.
I'm excited! Yay for trying something new.
i think thats a metaphor for gayness...i mean if you wanna come out ill be right there to support ya
Doing gay things with
I'm bored. Can someone talk to me?
Something about being in the CT scanner is reminiscent of Pink Floyd's "Welcome to the Machine." That, and bankruptcy.
Thanks! Trying to break some business writers of bad habits (impactful!).
I especially like neil flynn
Content-aware move tool... Blur gallery... bravo impressive features in the new Photoshop CS6!
I never change, I simply become more myself. - Joyce Carol Oates
way to not text me backk betchhh and i had to tell u sumthin too wow sucks for you dont it?
Thanks for the kind words! :)
God reveals Himself to a seeking mind.
thanks for following! check out tonights review of Acapulco Sam's on the riverwalk!
Which is gratifying in and of itself. Congrats on the last opinion! Bittersweet, I'm sure.
i tweet so much.
didn't notice
i finished my turron bar <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Thanks Marc :)
getting ready, haha. (:
Today so far we are at $6,446.That's great but we must not lose sight of what our goal is $15,000 by November 3rd.
“: That beach run gets me every time.” how long or far do u run?
lindsey is a pantie snatcher. :o
Impromptu elevator pitches in the halls of ? This needs to happen.
no school for me todayy :D
lol, the girl was only 16 too. I was shittyy.. But I get it fixed next week.
Very excited about watching the Final Four tonight with old friends. Okay, okay, middle-aged friends. :)
Dave, Seattle, Amazon's Global Employer Brand Leader. My awesome thing...training to win Gold in Social Olympics.
Quote of the day: "Your day may have gone good, but it could always end bad."
When is Jersey Shore coming back? Thursdays are boring without it.
Exciting news- you will soon be able to tumblr with us.
Good Luck tonight!! Mega buzz going on about
Washington may have regained some footing with a 2-1 win Sunday afternoon in Buffalo
But as a result, their words may not necessarily get read/heard because millions are doing the same.
Thankx chad u not so bad yourself lol.... I try my best
He do be ballin keep up the work
Our business platform provides your team with an email server, corporate IM, private/public calendaring
in Soviet Russia, storm chases you?
u don't wht me
setting the tone...
The weekend has arrived! Join us for bunch on the patio. The yummy-ness starts at 11a!
Getting ready to eat a late breakfast.Got out and enjoyed the AMAZING weather when we took the daughter to her workshop!Enjoy the day guys!
are you from Ohio...?
you only ever talk to me on Sundays :(
Spent the whole day with today, it was great<3
RT You wanna lend me 2 dollars?
Facebook is going no where fast
He who say ones who great go by the name j mitch
Education Conservancy's Lloyd Thacker -"Education is the crucible of hope."
You we're in a Starbucks? You've really changed, you're so LA. Chipotle for lunch?
I swear, I just want to go up to you & give you a hug. You're the sweetest guy ever...<3
Some afternoon Robbie Basho from my friend Andy is making this day great!
Trying to fall a sleep just ain't working out to well lol
So jealous! Rising Tide and Portland are both amazing. Maine has a surprisingly solid craft beer scene. Enjoy it!
Is grateful to the person that suggested that I just block and ban this person from FB and Twitter, thanks privacy settings!!
That was a TD. Schwartz is going NUTZ!
#Spoiler #Smash this. cunt. i knew she would do that to her. cuntycuntcunt!!! [excuse the language]
Horseplay...horseplay? Do horses rape other horses in their horse showers...
We will miss Omar for what he's done for all of us this year.
Should Kris Boyd translate well to the #MLS and Trencito work out in the end... It could be quite a year for the #Timbers -
Who's Jeff Dunam?
I feel good letting things n people go today what I good day thank you lord
Oh me too!
#Fact -> The cockroach has a high resistance to radiation and is the creature most likely to survive a nuclear war...wtf is in roach spray?!
damn riiiigggghhht! \m/
#MerylStreep Love her. Love her dress. Love her movies. Love her speech. Love it all
toward what? Not that it's any of my business.
yeah sad, theres talk about keeping gordon and trading Minnesota's first round pick instead...
ORTON. JERICHO. Can we hurry up with this please?!
wa can't believe you are meeting them :) you should give harry a gift for me? :'''')
+1 “: I kinda feel like Major Leage Baseball has destroyed the notion of opening day, all for the sake of television.”
What dress will you wear?? Fun night for you
can I ask you a question about when you first started out as a band? I really like you guys and you're unique.
Really enjoyed Tuesday's show on how you pick stocks. Thanks!
Gesh Yearbook shows me more love then Facebook lol it's all good though follow me ;)
I'm not sure about everyone else but I just fucking love being ignored -_-
#footloose. can't wait for it to start!
I only want, what I'll never have.
well when you get marxists, anarchists and left-liberals together in a radical movement, disunity is inevitable ;-)
Happy Halloween!
For all the mothers out there, today is YOUR day. Get 50% off on any of our services . You deserve a break! :)
Let the madness begin
still... That proves nothing except that Seau was motivated to kill himself b/c HE THOUGHT his head was ruined by NFL play. Sad.
RT Aaww my teammate said im really pretty & she said she mean it ! :-). . . .she gay af. .. . . Lol jk
RT : #FF Music Sounds Better With You
So you listen? Thanks :)
RT: : According to U.S. laws, a beer commercial can never show a person actually drinking beer.
NIT selection committee fail. Ridiculous that University of Portland was not added to the line-up with a 21 win season.
Why did I make that late evening dash to the LUSH counter at Macy's? Hope I'm not creating a new addiction...Stick to my own homemade prods
can you be an alcoholic if you only want one lol if that
..I just joining you Reverbnation, it makes me feel like theres maybe some attempted idenity theft going on.I had that problem
im in a cleaning mode this week.
Just saw there's going to be a "Say Yes to the Dress ATL" in the very store I bought my wedding shoes! Go ATL!
Aww.. Tomas, are you going somewhere? Cause we aint, kid! RT : Nice knowing you You will be missed.
I still play 'In My Mind' by as if it just came out. I love her timeless music
**Myspace Under Construction** Meanwhile check out the music
Why the fuck are people putting<<<<< after everything? It's so annoying.
send me your email and I'll forward it
All I ever see on Facebook is "like this if" and "share/ignore this or that" or people being tagged in pictures of shoes.
Just had dinner with 4 female clients... They all ordered salad except me.
I am constantly back and forth over whether I like Lana Del Ray or not.
Healthy Scratch wins 1-0! AWESOME SHUTOUT FOR ! Going to the FINALS!
Susan! Would love to!
I am so sad that the possibility of seeing D. Rose and the Black Mamba have a showdown was blown to smithereens ;|
Say hello to goodbye
Basically last in line to meet Outasight....
All the hype for avengers makes me wanna see it!
Jury duty for the next two days. Not a fan. #iobject!
AND enchiladas.
“: Nawl I just Dnt Kiss An Tell!!”nobody said kiss and tell boo
There's nothing like a 2008 Veronese to make you look at your problems and say f*ck it. As I write this a #Mets rookie hit a 3 run homer!
I wish I knew how to explain exactly how I'm feeling.
Sitting in my couch , drinking hot choc while its snowing . GREAT
Thank you for the mention!
Tie series!!! #Caps best of three again!!
haha! I love the Mad Hatter and Sweeney Todd.
yeah:) gosh I hope I meet him one day
We did! Thank you for accommodating us! RT : Hey, ! Sounds like you all had a nice evening here at Eastman House!
I know all parents think their child is the cutest thing in the world but seriously, mine is.
much better than small time anyway.. what about small potatoes though? not so bad!
yeah! Just a little cut on my foot from glass from my broken mirror. I'm all good now! <3
your fawkin adorable
thanks for the follow, back atcha.
You know a girl is serious when they say your name in a text.
on weekends etc
FedEx just delivered my new glidetrack! It is a symbol of my devotion to my Canon 5D Mark II and of my pain for my bank account...
Ima Check Yu Out Now Bra
Blood pressure pills and thyroid meds are a part of your past with Skinny Fiber. It's all natural. Money back guarantee!! You have more...
Looking forward to automated A/B testing with the latest Silverpop release
funny how "its like jQuery for x" has become the way to describe a library that simplifies or normalizes another API
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! You've been with us over a year!! Thanks for your work!
Disciples be damned. It's not interesting. It's only the masters that matter. Those who create-Picasso
CU needs near perfect game to beat NC - Jays 1-6 from three, 1-4 FT
Hey chinatown, we've brought you our new menu on a silver platter.... Ok there's no platter but were here at G and 7th, hope your hungry =)
Freaking out by how close to 20k fans we have on this page! Go cat people!
Please follow me?
I think people should talk more about the moon. Its so interesting.
Hearing more and more of this thought. Seems as though OL Coach Davidson doesn't hate the current group, but tough to pass up LT
Thanks for the RT!
I'm very disappointed that "Ready, Jetset, Go!" is already a phrase. Hopefully not trademarked because I intend to use it often from now on.
Newt, Mitt, and Rick have all answered 4 questions now, guess it's time for Paul to get ONE #scdebate #rigged?
WOW! WHAT A PLAY!
THIS FRIDAY ... and u kno what I'm talkin about.
Cookie Breath!
Pittsburghers love to trash Philly and I always have the hardest time desputing cuz im too busy laughing at that goofy ass accent
On sports Sunday tonight w Jerome Solomon who is a solid guy. Enjoyed meeting him
Good to see you on here!!
RT : #Overheard at the Cottage: A first grader, to a staff member: Do you live here like President Lincoln?
NO Problem! Anytime Carina
ya I think this gone be a weekend in lol
YOU ARE A GEM!
Big announcement coming soon!
of course I'll be at #edcampPhilly , maybe we could collaborate on google docs session for elem teachers ;)
I say I say uhh
Her friend at the time told me her pussy looks like pepperoni pizza
well said!!!! We all know your a classy guy:-) yes, that's coming from a flyers fan, lol
Go Boston!
You think you know how to love a woman.
Happy Birthday from the Gator Nation!!!!
What a pleasure! You're welcome.
Thank you friends! So fun getting the word out about FA. Many new people finally "getting it"! The best reward!!
Yea it goes hard but im waitin for the uncut version before i download it
SOUPED UP SOUPS! Roasted Pulled Pork Chili, Tomato Bisque, Beer Cheese, Turkey Wild Rice, Chicken Noodle & Veggie Beef Barley!
seriously, who puts a coffee cup on their Mac computer? l
chicken caesar sandwich
CONGRATS on being our Employer of the Month for March! We're excited to have your staff try us out this month (for FREE)!
On this day in 1965, Malcolm X was assassinated. If you're in Harlem, take time to go to the Malcolm X Schomburg exhibit
The hill! The views! The architectural and topographical integrity of the quad! Aesthetics are important.
It's freezing out!
New Tornado Warning for #Tarrant County near #Arlington area that has already been hit
Must turn in passport app!!!
My belief is stronger than your doubt.
You didn't give me my P.E shorts-.-
I'm all jacked up on Mountain Dew...
ALL ABOUT THE U!!!! - Fin Heaven
Just pulled in to lafayette, LA for the gig. Great vibes.
wife says i spend too much time on social media and not enough writing.
students and #StateCollege residents, stop by the Corner Room between 11 and 6 tmrw and support the Axis bake sale!
when i got home from school my mom was like lets go food shopping so im like kay kay.. we didnt end up coming back till 5
And i also hate when females wear their singles down... Ugh.
Lmao!! xD He was very happy when i got his name xD
Lol @ Darren riding his dirtbike in the neighborhood and he had no shirt on and my mom told him to put one on. Lol...
well I miss you! Let's get together ASAP!!!
I didn't get them
Nice post! Another issue is how to start meaningful dialogue. Can't just ask empty Qs constantly. Avoid Potemkin conversation.
The little noise my twitter makes when it's refreshed (:
That was some serious power he displayed there.
anybody at fullsail? i've got tickets for tonight's wwe taping/ wrestling matches of u want'em for free....
dirty mind!
:)) ": Just made a nutella cake, best thing ever. My baking > yours #winning :}"
Swim practice! :)
Oh my, now I'm contemplating too. Can't wrap my brain around calling an eight-celled entity a "baby."
If you're at #NRF12 head to hall E 1E 12/13 at 2pm for a presentation on luxury in emerging markets, we're up after Bill Clinton!
the teens LOVE the Polaroid camera. They've never seen one before, and they keep asking me to take their pictures.
I love Morrissey. By the way, You should not go to them. Let them come to you.
what a random number...why only 140 characters?
Having a blast in West Palm Beach!
#racialequity great conversations about unity as a key ingredient to political power and many others talking about kids
It's 2012 and people are still putting Dave Matthews on the jukebox.
I love you, girl. Our convos about you know who are hilarious. Believe me, ES & KP will happen lmao <3
this looks like a scene from a talking animal movie
listening to Push Play and looking for more musicals...it's going to be a long night...so many musicals to look at
I don't tan, only freckle
According to the State Department, immigrant visa numbers for EB-2 India/China will retrogress again in May or June 2012.
If you could describe me in 10 words, what would they be?
NP, we like to keep our customers caffeinated =) Thanks for your feedback, check back soon for new brands & site changes!
I wrote! I feel so free!
please follow me please please
High fives to for Storage Wars. Can't wait for new season!
I need a job that pays at LEAST $10+ an hour.
Nothin says home like a workout at Lifetime Fitness!
Woo pig sooie! Let's go Hogs!
Starting to regret this #Flyers in 6 pick. I knew it'd be an emotional let down after Pittsburgh
your in elementary and you dress like a slut, your future on Maury is bright hoe!!
I feel your pain.
not you! :O
Stupid bitches that can't move on from shit #HopOff ;*
Architect Bernie Baker remakes Midcentury - The Seattle Times
Max & Ruffy's will be exhibiting at the TAFA conference - stop by our booth and pick up some awesome vegan treats to bring home!
had my form filled our for #io2011 but it went kaput
very true!
Happy Mothers Day To All The Mothers of The World...a little early I know, I'm even going to call Mom before all circuits are busy...
U lose when you give up. I guess I will always stay undefeated cuz I am never giving up!! Got too much heart
Going to be serving up a pre-thanksgiving feast of swing with a side of soul with and Mary Nau tonight !
Thank you so much for following me! Check my Passions by K accessories on Facebook. I can send you a free one.
nice thought, wish i wasn't working
Disney movie Wreck-It Ralph to feature video game cameos - SlashGear
#ONCMeeting it's better to know!
you crack me up with your tweets. It's like u r thinking out loud haha
Thank you so much for cooking tip on Extra (re lavender infused milk)... used in my sugar-free hot chocolate.... yum yum!!
we love you being you :) <U+2665>
GRRRR Late work night! Thought I would annoy you before going off to bed. Well, I don't think I will b up early today. hahaha
My sister's dog is an attention whore/ super lanky and awkward
LOL. this stupid bitch said "i prefer beer over alcohol" hahahahahahaaha
Eric Wedge is now 1-1 as the ex-manager of the Indians.
It seems like the only decent thing for the AIG folks to do would be to voluntarily give up their bonuses.
Attending the Inauguration of City of #Milwaukee Elected Officials. It is quite the affair at City Hall!
I try
Recording tonight. Very, very distracted. Maybe that means I'll stay out of God's way and let Him do amazing things. Prayers appreciated.
Enjoy the game.
- Wonderful!!! Thanks so much!
not impressed with the hilton NY hotel. tried no less than 6 times to reach their billing department. not successful.
Why can't work be closer?
Also GTL hahaha u taught me a cool new word
What's up section leader?
Please send us any questions you might have for these amazing bloggers and tweeters. #digidoy DMIS
Don't forget to take tons of pics of your costume! I can't wait to see it and your pink hair!!
Love your site and concept!
the smell of urinal cake is not refrshing
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same. Elbert Hubbard
So that happend. Big weekend. Bartenders everywhere are fist-pumping.
Do you need some talented actresses in your twitter world? FF
Was that singing in that Car commercial?! Or am I crazy?
Life is relationships; the remaining is just information.
My poor bby
I concur! :) RT : I know it's still early, but I believe this day requires some margaritas (eventually).
#kohacon11 put up banners of all sponsoring organizations--where is the "global leader?" FAIL FAIL FAIL.
that trailer was amazing...
I have the sudden urge to watch Capt. Bucky O'Hare...
But Austin's dick is enormous! While shoving Clark in and out our body he would hurt da babies!! :O lol :'D
My graduation class weak
In class... Leaning about branding...
thank you for the #FF! Have a great weekend!
truck them the can look but they cant touch lol trust me some dudes were staring at my sister and whistleing and saying hy girl
no its fine I have another one
#topnotchdriver RT : Thank you very much. Yes, it is a Flash cab. You can also check out my fav tweets to see..
#teamfollowback FOLLOW BACK.
Remind yourself that you are enough. Ground yourself in that.
what up bro
don't cry, you'll see my tomorrow for the moving par-tay!
It is always wise to respect everyone's humanity--even when a person does not respect himself or herself!
« ugly bitchs always talking»
This weekend, I wrote close to 5,000 words to net less than 2,800. Still it was a productive couple of days.
I love the new icon!!!(: Almost as amazing as you!<33 :)
Rain + bus = unhappy camper right here
#ff eve RT My stupid human trick is punctuating shit correctly.
judging a book by its cover? SHADY.
I wish SF appreciated him more. NFL=biz RT : A Smith possibly to Dolphins?! I bet you'd like him that close!
can you dm me where to submit beats at for you
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!2
went to the Mississippi Street Fair. Packed!
Gifts associates received from the White Elephant gift exchange: Gift cards, lottery tickets, Lord of the Rings pez dispensers, faux fur...
your guess is as good as mine. Unless they're IN the library for some other reason, don't have a card, can't get a card?
To sad right now..... Missing my bay
Crazygangstacool download my new shit tomorrow!
he wouldn't be sold for 25
You're welcome! , wonderful, as always.
face it and reintroduce yourself? :)
I'm glad you did! Please share with your followers!
I think my two biggest girl crushes are Scarlett Johansen and Carrie Underwood
Dancers! What do YOU do to break in your pointe shoes? Tweet me with the hashtag #BreakInTechniques and I will retweet!
Why does coffee always taste better in the morning. On my second cup and doing social media for clients.
Catalog librarians are metadata librarians: we've been doing it since before "metadata" was the sexy word for it.
thanks! hope you can come to our open house tonight from 5pm-8pm. Drink specials & a free balsamic & oo tasting.
Why do ants and pepper have to look so much alike?...I'm telling myself it was pepper! lol
... Tell her what ? Something she know ? O.o
- so my beautiful fiance took a little cat nap, we'll see you at 6:30
Ppl so concerned about what SHINA doing, if i say i dont give a fuck about what people say about me I DONT GIVE A FUCK.! Flat out.!
R.I.P to the famous and legendary Whitney Houston. You will truly be missed. We love you.
#youknowyouratchet if u on yo hands and knees at the club shaking yo ass. Get up off this dirty ass floor ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
have u heard of the cell phone drive we are coordinating in #austin, check it out
This burger finna be love.
Today's Special: Honey Brined Pork Chop topped Dijon Cream Sauce with mashers and veggies...$12
2 more people in front of me... Almost see the light at the end of the tunnel!
I'm at the most yinzer bar n'at <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
We forwarded your link to our campus security director. Thank you for thinking of us!
hi water miss u text me sometime 5038391250 love u 1fan
ACFE 2012 Report to the Nations - typical organization loses 5% of its revenues to fraud each year. Crowe's anti-fraud professionals...
Luv ya! But, I sometimes feel pulled in too many directions when a contest has many of my favorites competing. :/ :(
The problem with #MayweatherCotto 24/7 is that we have seen each of them a few times. stupid boxing
Yeah why?
I'm into the process of becoming, always. (thanks for the reminder)
Pastoral will be hosting their annual free wine tasting tomorrow from 12-2! Come and sample their great variety of artisan wines.
Follow me back please :)
LMN, can't stop watching.
Nobody's perfect, uh , Nobody's perfect, aye. Aye but you're perfect for me..
hoe sittin on his lap wit red shoes
Im hearing this is the first time in 18 years it has rained for Emory's graduation.
Anyone who recommends me for a huge job promotion has obviously never watched me try to untangle headphone cords.
Increased my golf game a little bit today. Still a lot of progress to make to go pro. #dreams #sikemaybe?
I have 0 money too:(.. You buy me one ill buy you one!?!
The tables are about to turn.
Want some Boston cream pie to celebrate the series?
It appears that Charlie has indeed rented MacGruber. I'll just sit tight and read about elegies.
thanks Julie... we can not reach them to save our lives ;)
Diversity works, look beyond the surface and trust your gut. - Key learnings from 's keynote at
Happy valentine's day , much love to everyone,/feliz día de san valent
i knw tell me about it lol
I'm just kidding in a relationship period I just get bored easily
Yeah that sucks that had to happen to you.All I know about that situation is that people on all stations have not been reporting..
Sometimes I'll be listening to someone tell a story and just think to myself lie, lie, b.s...lie lie...you done yet?
Mike Miller looking to set a record for most wide open triples missed
me too! Fabulous!!!!! She pulled it off. But after my cry, your make-up didn't rum or ruin. HA! Love it!!!!
benches cleared, tplush ejected.
RT : Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill
wait, you've never had 5Guys?
my dog just knocked on my door literally...??
Uhh what are you trying to say... Ended with 2 unless you just don't care about it
RT #c2css12 Simply put quotes around "phrases" that you suspect did not "come from their brains." Forgot-use GOOGLE
RT "Faith is about doing. You are how you act, not just how you believe."
Teaching a 2 yr old to say "please" is its own form of amusement.
At North Park gettin skinny
Hahaha i know :) man that's a lot of $$$$. Just winning that much is like a lifetime warranty. Hahaha
Thanks for the FF!
Saturday night. Line at the 7-11 Red Box, yall!
Damn this easter is pretty boaring ..
absolutely.inspiration comes from the most random places,this time a new TLR i picked up,it begs to be used. I oblige.
Sweet! It was still windy out here AFB, but then again, when is it ever not windy!?!?
Totally in.
Are truly my friend or?
that sounds good.... I can get the sun at a much cheaper price.
I am so so happy you're okay. Dan and I have been praying for you and have been in our thoughts. Stay strong and happy :-)
I had an amazing tenure as Speaker of the Assembly of , and I can't wait for another exciting year to come! :-)
yes you are!!! Thanks MAC!!!
manic panic hot hot pink
My grandpa specifically requested me as a pallbearer. :)
Yea ok wat I said still stand bye
Jack Sparrow: [from trailer] Captain, I wish to report a mutiny. I can name fingers and point names. Blackbeard: Perfect.
Well we had to baby sit today and I am making pizza rolls and corndogs now that is a 5 course meal lol :)
Regretting this #MovieTime choice already.
RT : We're very excited to hear Snooki is pregnant. The Death Star has been looking for an excuse to destroy Earth.
I'm Making Use of My Entire Life.
RT : Was it that bad? Take our poll. St. Patrick's Day rider tells of 'scary' trip downtown on jam-packed train)...
Ann's word of the day: vagrant
hey u happy easter:) miiss ur face
c'mon! follow a biggest fan of the rated R superstar EDGE/ adam copeland: the best in the world!!
Great day to be at the beach!!!
not a fan of writing cover letters
Members of US Navy serving lunch to seniors today @ West Senior Center. Thanks troops. cc:
Glad you like them! There will be more on the way.
Gearing up for tonight's condo meeting.
About to lift weights, then shower, then grocery shop for dinner.
Hopefully gonna be a good week , birthday on thursday , state on Friday & Saturday <3.
that free version of Funk & Wagnalls from Ebsco. Lol
following all my recent followers now(:
MT : Nothing shows the inexorable slide of our culture into #blahblahblah better than a United boarding anncmnt….
We are so excited for the FIRST #nightofworship for 2012! Jan. 13 ~ Can't wait to see you :)
I coloured my Giraffe purple, blue and pink. CAUSE I'M GOD
& from another perspective, Apple's products make it a lot easier for my students & fac to do work. that means more to me [+]
Figured out the plot problem; now I just have to completely rewrite chapters 10 - 13. That should keep me busy for a little while.
We have a new server ready - vpn-as5 Openvpn (SSL) server in London, UK. It's available in your customer area now.
yea it better not lol
will do! Even if this action doesn't spur a response right away, it starts the conversation about where corporate funding goes
Whatever doesn't kill us gone make us mo tough
Like who?
#Entertainment. I have never seen muscle burst under pressure.It simply develops:)
Just one more week!
it scares me to think that you could find takers other than me. better than me. #swimming with jc <3
Do you sell telecoms solutions?... Would you like to increase your profits?..DM or call 0844 880 2010 for details :)
so when you goin get it...
thank you!
Sleep is for the week when the work comes cheap.........
Watching Jennifer's Body ...
you.have.a.problem.
And for something a touch more literary, Chester Aaron's WHISPERS and MURDER BY METAPHOR.
Essay what essay ? For what class Edith ?
Same thing different day
Gotta help spread the word for our friends up north!
I understand that!! Good Morning! RT : good morning! Sorry way behind today..whole house got up late! ugh!
Ah I'm at tennis practice and I'm so tired. >.<
Wow....1 year suspension for Sean Payton.
I drove in this AM, but that doesn't mean a thing. Any precip and all you see is break lights.
He's the best. RT I love that Palmer managed to only get one of his top 3 right on a "no question" tweet.
“: Should we ride Space Mountain or Peoplemover for our last ride of the night? RT and Vote now! " Space Mountain!
"Dancing with the feet is one thing, but dancing with the heart is another."
hey pretty!
You can still do it alone. Everyone has an insane side.
M bacon, making people fat and happy ever since it was thrown on the griddle
well i shall spend my friday working out cleaning and possible shopping
marriage, when they don't even realize they are judging her based on their opinions...dumb.
Happily shutting down Dreamweaver and disconnecting from server. No need for #fail page. Yay. Good job
Damn it's just 9 -.-
no kidding...but we didn't always have auto properties, and sometimes you can't use an auto property
a teacher.
+1 for transparent scatter/gather service calls! That would be huge.
No perfecto for James McDonald today. Walked opposing pitcher with 2 outs in 3rd.
if only I would have said 1 line! I was there before her
I do think Buchanan transferred as well. But yes, add Mickey Perry (2007) and Deaaron Williams (middle of 2006 season)
Laugh it up, drink it up, eat it up, go home beat it up and fall asleep! te quiero familia... Make it happen in 2012!!! All the best!!!
I'm so proud if you both for channeling your rage into love.
RT mee to : Whats crazy is i sleep on my living room couch more den i sleep in my own bed!!!! Smh
yeah I got stollen at the y
#Consult with me on #educational matters. I am experienced & insightful. See my LinkedIn profile. Serious inquiries only.
Our stores are now closed for SIP Fest, an all company training and meeting. We'll be back at 6:30am tomorrow.
Any Terry/Arlene/baby scene is fine with me!
are you at school?
Like their tires! MT : anyone ever notice that in the"college athlete enterprise" commercial, the basketball is very flat?
..missing the man who taught me2enjoy the Brewer way,his family missed him2day,every 162 I'll b w/o him the rest of the way
Feening for taco nazo fish tacos...... :T
Gonna sleep like a baby tonight. A baby that drank Vodka and took a vicodin C:
We have to take time and thank EVERYONE who has supported thus far!!! You guys are amazing and we love you!!! Keep us lifted!!!
Sports drinks are high in sugar which is what allows them to refuel you fast during exercise, but may be more than you need if you aren't
Great turnout today! Always love celebrating this country and saluting our troops who made it all possible. Go USA!
LoL! When and why? U just left. U need to come see me and ma. Ha! :) Much luv.
Thanks for the #FF :) Everyone follow!
Ok yes, awesome job and , the outfit: shoes & top underneath did NOT work not make her mature. Did not work
wish my husband could get a job-unemployed for 3 years-have a 5 year old-very stressful- tries so hard-nothing
So completely different than anything I did! What is this used for; who is the intended audience?
The pit is officially fired up!!!
Life is all about what can you give not what can you get
Don't miss the next Breakfast Biz Meet-up at The Council in NY on April 26th! To RSVP, email |
I want some new followers too!": you got a some new followers"
Hey we are looking to gather some aspiring video game journalists to write for gameradvice. Hit us up if you want more info
thanks for this post!
that's my excuse.
Hi Benjy. Lisa G is being a creepy and rude and I don't know why everyone on the show is acting like she's not. Glad you are happy.
IM UP $5000
Still laughing at the Bill Buckner episode of #Curb. What a hoot!
PRAISE BE TO ALLAH!
“: “ wtf i look like” Megan” don't be sayin my name
But yo, I'm tight Nori deadass wanted to bump to Cash Out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> RATCHET ASS SONG! Lmfao
this weather sucks!
I'd say there's a strong surge afoot in the everyone should learn to code movement, but indeed it's more nuanced than that.
Five days and counting to my #Droid - The suspense is killing me.
Follow us back.. The boss said to get ahold of you :) Look forward to working with you guys hopefully. -Rachel :)
Off to Nashville to ring in the New Year! Yee-haw!!!
I'm good. Just some minor scrapes on my palms from my Superman like form.
you want your word to stop being used? lol.
yeah they just now uploaded it lol
It's amazing how some people spend a lifetime chasing pavement.
"Named one of the Top 50 bars in America by Food & Wine Magazine" :)
Molly Ringwald favorited one of my tweets. I can really see myself pushing maximum density.
Loved the Sunday tasting in San Diego with Hung out with award winning winemaker, Steve Hagata, of
everyone should want to know when rides again!
Don't forget, we are playing a show this Saturday's Abolition Media Benefit Concert. Skrappy's 6:30PM $5 Be there RT RT
I say puck you with a p.
: some ppl would be happy to receive 1st draft level manuscripts
no clue! Lol
here we come so excited for the show
just picking lil one, don't be so defensive
Follow on Twitter to meet this afternoon in NYC!
what do you mean?
Summitt deserves as much credit for being a trailblazer as a coach. She made the game fiercer, she made stars.
dont be sad
Always love seeing your blog!
You just can't win when you're fighting nothing. When you step out of your head you'll see; most of your problems are make believe.
- Great coverage with the #Libya coverage!
Love me, hold me, touch me...
UK is playing LSU in NOLA and it still feels like a home game. #BBN is the rowdiest
Sex Trivia is back tonight! Host will be asking questions, while , & give prizes!
Thanks & for helping with our Social Media event. Appreciate the support for the GBTC!
Nothing is on the fucking tv
1 bottle of Proseco down. Onto red wine next, cheers and happy new year everyone!
I think no I know I want to be with a certain person I just hope she decides that she wants the same
Just watched Lemon Tree on #Netflix - excellent movie
your not allowed to meet David because you'll say something inappropriate <U+E409><U+E327>
Thanks everyone for following me this year! It's been fun and look forward to another year of #WOTD's!
Book A STAR for your Next EVENT!!! Send offers with date, city, venue, capacity & budget to *
Happy Mother's Day to the moms out there. I hope your kids spoil you today!
you must be seeing things : )
Seconded and consigned!
I'm bored as hell someone please call up Bruce Drennan and piss him off
oh anika, you radiate feminist badassery even when you cry! :)) much love!
On the spot early. I say yes Rockies make playoffs, because there's now 2 Wild Card teams. What you got?
Toured Center for National Response (Memorial Tunnel) this afternoon. Impressive.
I missed you today !
Sony SM pro: "How do you do SM for products that have a set shelf life (like a movie)?" Great ?Nobody answered it. Is there an answer?
Flit is at a crossroads, feels invisible. Her old flame offers her a chance to pursue her dream as a chef which she abandoned...
MISSED CONNECTION: you, a ranch-house I posed an active threat to. Me: a 200-acre grass fire near Piñon. Wanted to meet, but firefighters.
Yeah, I just downloaded that pie and I'll be reading it soon. :)
Many thanks to new followers: and
Tim Pawlenty may not be the most qualified candidate but Bachmans comments are very disturbing
R U the only 1 on the sidelines watching every1 else doing the latest line dances and steps? Fix that tonight at our line dance class - 7PM!
I got them all for the low @ my websites I'LL GIVE YOU A DEAL HERE FROM www.NikeAirYeezys.Us
Midterm submitted. Now returning to regularly scheduled angst, anxiety, paranoia, self-doubt and confusion.
"Good night. Have sweet dreams and sleep tight".See you! :)
Excuse me I have an announcement to make: I HAVE THE COOLEST TWITTER FOLLOWERS AND FACEBOOK FRIENDS....PERIOD!!
Well worlds was a joke.
Booth Tarkington has requested access to his author page on Amazon. He's back from the dead!
M Rapids vs. Galaxy...... love me some Beckham!
"When I played pool I was like a good psychiatrist. I cured 'em of all their daydreams and delusions."
Tonight was awesome. Now it's time for me to turn in!
If some company doesn’t get their act together to make a “To-Go Waffle Holster” soon, we’re going to be upset.
According to a new poll from Pew: 18% of Americans said they hadn't read a book in a year. This group is more likely to be: male than femal…
46% of IT decision makers say they think incorporating tablets will increase productivity for employees.
Jaguar&#39;s Got Something Cooking For The Upcoming F-Type Roadster
Great Day. Obtain the Radio footage in my short film Rain Dance. Amazing voice that airs M-W 6A-11A on WGXC 90.7-FM in NY. Thanks Philip.
Moving up in the world!
: Plus, in the film I'm in 1950's underpants - if that's not the selling point I don't know what is. #SeeYouAtTheShow!
School has okay... Even tho i have my 5 period!(full of smart people)
Looking for two promo reps in Baltimore this Wednesday, May 18 in the morning. Please email ASAP for more info!
:Hello there! I love my home! My family is so GREAT!! We go on walks & explore new things every day--very exciting! How's college?!
You should hunt out a few local geocaches.
I just passed 'the houses'.
Getting extremely excited about going to #NAMM2012 this year. I have lots of things I want to see!
Hearing stories of cold, impatient photographers blows my mind. TIP: Your photographer should be friendly & engaging during your shoot!
Guv not noting retailers who have ceased fwrks sales ... and asking others 2 follow 'by choice' ... is a big miss.
My epic travel plans to get home to Trenton tomorrow now involve two planes, a train, two shuttles, and a bus.
Guns don't kill people; death kills people
Tell ya old boyfriend skate girl cause a nigga dont play them x games
The Situation is at BEACH BUM TANNING EAST BRUNSWICK!!!
Courthouse Fri @ 1:30pm for release of James Stewart: C.F. Criminal Justice Center, Division 30 210 West Temple St, Los Angeles, 90012
will be Interviewing Max Brooks in 15min, SEND YOUR QUESTIONS!
Watched Friday the 13th for the first time tonight. Super dug it. Interesting techniques all around. Still had the ability to surprise me.
that's our Stan!
I love this online fabric store! Affordable and so many choices.
I thought Ryan was mexican at first lol
These late night texts be wanting me to walk to her house and give her my all
Good idea. Tx.
Hi pretty! I miss you so so so much we need to hangies soon!
I MISS YOU TOO <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
we need less gathering and more hunting from TJ
Some people should just go away...
Bright side of things tonight is that Boston has won the Stanley Cup!!!!! Please help! Rerouted to SAV when do I get to ATL?
Hey can you listen to us?? wed really appreciate that :)
Toast SLIS Director Christine Pawley's many achievements at her retirement party TONIGHT from 4:30-7 @ SLIS Library. Congrats, Christine!
Only the strong survive and we are the strong #diamondteam join the team
1436: hey! I dont know u, and we dont talk but you should tweet me! Love ur name!
I love my men!!!
#hth2012 Yan: authorities having a harder time managing national discourse on heritage, but Net also reinforcing nationalism (bottom up)
we may or may not be giving away a gift certificate to Kustom Thrills in our next contest... tell !
no this love is better oh and i might be on the voice nxt season so i'll be right by him and i met him at a consert
; LOVE my Amex Car buying program!
I was going to estimate, but I had no idea. Boo.
I thought some of my followers were sleeping on Gospel music, very glad to hear they're not! Beautiful, beautiful music.
(C) is for coffee and coffee is for closers. Answer C: Movies!
Congratulations to Auditor Dorrian and the City of Columbus for maintaining a Triple-A Credit Rating!
smack yourself if you're missing the 66 fights, airing right now, live on !!
Common’s 'The Dreamer/The Believer' -- Love It!
Arrogant people have the most to hide.
got back from church camp yesterday already miss it
" Today is the 195th birthday of A H Layard." Awesome! Celebrating by cramming for my Mesopotamian Art midterm! :D
Ugghhh I'm suppose to be off tonight<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
I would straighten my hair on the foggiest day of the week...wtf
All i want for my bday is.... for to RT this or follow mee(: its on wednesdayy(:
RT Planet in Focus 11th International Environmental Film & Video Festival begins today in Toronto. planetinfocus.org
Miss not getting chance to network...look forward to San Antonio... another reason to do TCEA it aligns w ISTE next year
atleast yours work and mine never had it -.-
my boo is on her way back!!
that's nice object lesson for anyone who asks "Why not get RMS to speak at our event? He said he'd be happy to do it!"
Looking for freelance web designers and freelance programmers. Know anyone? Message us. Thanks.
This Friday in Theatres: Puss in Boots 3D..We want your feedback!
Walking home in the rain right now.
can't wait to see you nether babe.
Robbie Cano's bat is slowly coming to life!
Glad we're back in good graces :-)
I'm glad I just walked out of the bathroom with my skirt tucked into my tights. That's hot.
Dustin Brown the lisper
After seeing my little girl with bleeding burns on her bum.. I won't do it to the next little one.
Best one on the show so far tonight.
I just finished a 3.22 km run with a time of 19:11 with Nike+ GPS.
#TeamHoneyBadgers ended up running 206.5 miles in 29 hours (yes there was an unplanned 3 mile detour)
Can't Wait For The Firework Display At 9:00. So Excited!. <3
And that's right I'm the one that's tattooed on his arm.
I keep all of them in a database - first and last
:( that sucks when you do tho we will have lots of doggie dates haha
THANK YOU THANK YOU!
Why should we live with such hurry and waste of life? We are determined to be starved before we are hungry
details? Is it a photo shoot?
A lesson in "don't waste the pretty" today! Appreciate your beauty - no matter what anyone else tries to tell you! Or I'll kick their ass.
same 2 u.
don't come yet!!! We haven't even gotten started with food! Call me if u can.
just got home, what a day!
Do yourself a favor and get a copy of Symphony Crack's CD 'The Addiction' on iTunes!
Yes U Do Bro :)
thanks! Tough days and freeing days! Never the same and forever changed! Xo
It feels weird to be Brady's bitch.
go look at my last couple of tweets
Lillian Hellman~ I cannot and will not cut my conscience to fit this years fashions.
Follow my personal twitter if you aren't already come say hey! =)
tonight! So excited!
trust me, if I didn't have my current WIP - I'd totally do it. I loved doing it last year.
don't worry-- everyone posted really grainy and impossible to see pictures.
u is a RAT
Mom : Miracles are almost impossible to happen.
Can anybodii hear me? *no one Listens* ...
How can you not love Carlos Gomez? Haha I wish he was a great everyday player.
False. It was wonderful. What are they supposed to do?
Thanks! How do I look with a scowl and picket sign? Complaining about Apple feels very natural to me. I bet I seem very casual.
We become wiser by adversity prosperity destroys our appreciation of the right.
Dear sinuses, I swear to god if you start getting all congested I will personally rip you out of my face. I can't afford to be sick.
Enjoying composing music. Two exciting new commissions this season!
Thinkin about her wondering if she thinkin bout me too....
exactly he's the enforcer I like the beef of okc Ibaka perk if healthy collision and even Aldrich and Mohammed vs la bigs
This makes it very difficult for third party or independent candidates to ever to make much of a showing in the Electoral College.
that alyssa chick needs to go take a nap!. she cant sing im sorry #nohate austin was hot and amazing as always! ~selena<U+2665>
Let that one warm up... so good, so spicy!
Thank you
have fun! I went last month and it was great. Don't forget a jacket because it's really windy out there!
Wearing open-toed shoes today? Freshen up ur feet with a pedi at Adara! $50 for a facial/pedi combo during ! *617-227-5499*
I'm chilling and you
Oh man, I'm excited!
Dear bus driver, you're a jerk and I won't let you ruin my thanksgiving. I know how to load a bus. I've spent 6 summers at corps so calm it
It makes me sad when I see more potential in you than you see in yourself....
Yes! Lionel was great with Luke, loved "Easy"
Head down workin' today!
that's horrible...
I'm not a fan of facts. You see, the facts may alter, but my opinion will never alter, no matter what the facts are.
Watching NBA TV and your reaction on the Dwight/SVG situation is too real. I'm glad somebody is being honest our there
I'm so annoyed with you .
Lmao!! " Oh look it's vodka o'clock!
Being curious is one thing, being nosey is another. Your neighbors should not pester the movers for deets on comings/goings.
thank a bunch!
hope you can lay down and get some rest *hugs*
we'll see.
yes we have....thank u very much...
May your life be like toilet paper... Long and useful
Didn't know insurance had a taste
My sister literally said "god hates gay people" really loud here at chillis. wow
Austin ur so conceided now, u say u love ur fans us #mahomies but u only tweet the fans tht send u things in the mail:'(
Am I the only one who remembered today is Madison's birthday...?
Can we trade KRod to Cleveland for LaPorta and Brantley?
A great point. How does it benefit the museum AND the visitor both are important Qs.
well it repeats a lot after that, so... New song!
So I'm going to listen to K-Pop and take K-Pop quizzes. lol Goodnight Seouls~
Power is back on. After they just sent an email saying no classes in this building, expect another one saying JUST KIDDING classes back on!
it would make my night if you would please please tweet me back <3333
but thats what the internet a a printer is for!!!:D
RT : Should the bottom line be money, or love? The way we answer that determines how we organize human civilization.
Vanilla ice must have done Alicia keys hair tonight
Badgers offense is looking pathetic, no inside game.. no driving... too many threes... no patience.. what is going on??????
Man the truth is too much
probably because you went to a catholic school
The Oscars are showing how a medium can become irrelevant. Would rather watch Ed Sullivan reruns on YouTube.
is being mean
Damn while im biting my lip
Come check me at 1 touch barbershoo
: work sucks can I go with you?
Oh, your boyfriend of 5 days just broke up with you?
I just want summer </3
"Lol..: Why white people in scary movies be like "GEE GOLLY WHATS OVER THERE?" ? ? Nigga if i hear a noise im outta tha
we are only given today and never promised tomorrow. so tell someone you love them before it's too late.
Microsoft Reshuffles Management To Better Compete With Apple
Mighty macs:)
when you hit your elbow on the edge of a table and get that tingly feeling in your arm.
#wordoftheday Add the right amount of hot sauce to a batch of crawfish etouffe to make it delightfully piquant. - Thanks Bob!
I don't even know
that is disgusting!
Oh! I like the way you think!
#Youknowyourbrothersgay when he asks you what clevage is....
Go Pens!
its great bro, there's an app for everything! How are you liking yours?
#youwereCuteUntil the lies starting to mount up higher than my laundry
Right now is where I miss the Durango most
guess you missed out on Living Windows tonight in #JCMO. bummer for you.
Oil Kings score again with just seconds left in the first period. 2-0 lead over the Winterhawks in Game 7.
I spend far too much time on the internets. :|
omg give me a gun.
I SPY NIPPLE
Does anyone actually think the hit by #Ovechkin on Girardi is even remotely similar to the #Giroux hit on Zubrus??
Musing for the day: "Health is an opportunity to serve. Wealth is an opportunity to share." - Michael Bernard Beckwith
"Why does the thing outside your school say "b day" I think today is a great day it's an A day in my opinion." Haha my dad
is crafting a very special record rite now. Can't wait to watch it come together..
I Hate My Face
RT “: Facebook's been hacked by a porn virus. So until this clears up, don't poke anybody without a condom.”
killin time till tonight, chillin with bushman his woman, kswag and Jbriss :D
yeah. I'm excited!!!!
The National Association of Realtors tells us sales rose 5% to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 4.61 million in December!
hes that n even MORE :D
“: you don't text me.. i understand.. you don't call me.. i understand.. when i move on you better understand” :(((((( babe
Dear Senior Partner, Is management putting pressure to push your clients down to younger partners? Be wary of doing so without a guaranty.
Aw mane...
It's lunch time and my computer is getting fixed. What am I doing? Going to Makes me think of
Consider this tip when quoting...don't just quote Ben Franklin again....take Ben's and upgrade it! Quote yourself!-
Excited for the great presenters at the NYC mobile tech meetup next week!
That's what I sort of figured. I know you pull data from their site ... It's probably taking a wrong turn in Albuquerque.
Ah, I forget that Twitter is a black hole of information. Getting off now.
Happy Halloween to all! Remember to also set your clocks back an hour tonight! And I still need to post screens of the Tank Dempsey Sim >_>
I just earned the Statesman badge on #Yelp!
Will You Peg Me?
If you are in Paris, Tn and want some amazing pizza, stop in at the Pizza Kitchen!
I'm sure the grass will be greener whenever it stops raining on me. #Umbrella?
#TagTuesday!!! Tag us and we'll tag you back!!!!
Evey lane I get in seems to have traffic...but every other one is flying...WTF
"Four short words sum up what most successful people do above the crowd: They did all that was expected of them and a little bit more."
Another song! :)
This organised thing is getting to me now - keep buying things for stuff months in the future! #Why?
RT : haha me neither! I wasn't even on FB 3 years ago! Neither was I!
So sad Dick Clark dies at 82 one of the great entertainers!
purpledoor is all inside this year!
We just met with an awesome graphic designer to update our blogs and web sites. Contact her at
both b**** niggas
U shocked all of us! Now we need u on a track with 2 gangsta bitchz!! Watch out now!!
stop is a sweet guy leave him alone , stop trying to draw attention to yourself.
RT : "as society we would be at loss if someone was too intimidated to share their thoughts. "
Thanks so much Megan
ReggaeOneLove is down! No Songs playing.
What I just read...
sleep my peeps...
I'll follow you!
#ThatsReal when you have the person your in love with mention name on your twitter bio...
Jamie Moyer has now faced 9% of all players who have ever batted in #MLB via
Aw now you all wet RT : Try Just standing in the rain....it can be very relaxing...a lil cold though
Bridget Clementi, our director of community health, would enjoy speaking with you. Her phone number is 414-337-7798
Doritos Crash The Super Bowl ad finalists prove you can't go wrong with kids, dogs and slapstick.
My dog snores louder than anyone I've ever met. For such a tiny pup, she sure makes a lot of noise.
Did you leave for another insurance co? If so, can I ask you who you went with? Looking around myself.
Next week I'm NYC & Philly Tues/Wed. End of week works best!
Control. Control it gyal. Control it gyal
thanks for the RT. And seriously, keep up the great work.
Boys basketball: Wilsonville's to sign his letter of intent to play for Regis University in Denver, a D-II school.
Mitt Romney's like a walking time capsule.
yes, I spent lots of money at whole foods & am enjoying the results of that splurge.
miss you!
Very powerful steak at hugo's in chicago. i put it on your tab.
What the fuck.
Attempting to rapidly finish cooking for Sabbath.
Please try out my new Chicago-based app, Cash back rewards & donations to charity on every swipe! No coupons, printouts or cards!
#MentionYourCrush my better half the only half to complete me :) <3
I'm bored
Big dreams is my shit
$1 bowling nite! While im on the clock lol
Traded up to get Ronnie Hillman. Can be mad as a and fan!
Any way we could do 4 or 4:30? I have someplace to be at 6. Or... Thursday's open.
#deadisland is one beast of a game
Confidence is what you had before you knew better – Mark Twain
It's okay there is no deadline for such a great piece.
My guess since they're cut from the same cloth, Obam/Rom are both cordially invited to Bilderberg this month.
Any song in a Dell commercial should be sung with an Indian accent
dinner at maders N old world 3rd st later? GERMAN FOOD
Last period..
i had a good day was at the bustop with my girls GG, ,and then when i got home my bf came over was soo happy
U don't love me u just love my reverse cowgirl!
"Digital Natives? Digitizing & Decolonizing Indigenous Cultures": DeLucia says, "we're located today on Nipmuc land."
Happy 32nd Birthday. Hope you have a beautiful day.
Some people have to climb up from below the surface to make it to the top...
oh crap, somebody better go and, make sure Joey O. doesn't do anything drastic...
": #1DCuteFact: In the "One Thing" video , Harry and Louis are wearing the same shoes."
and... played us back-to-back along w/ Great Company - DC's own. What a blessing!
#HappyHumpDay !!! Hope you are having a superb day.
oh sweet
Haters gonna hate, some people at our school are childish haha
New year. New beer.
V.Lambardi The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but a lack of will.
Tuesday afternoon?
Thanks for the RT--thrilling for me to be read by more than a few dozen people!
"Think about what it means for a young Latina girl who sees a Secretary of Labor who looks just like her." Obama on Solis at
I think my fave is Shady. But it changes every 2 seconds.
There's something about doing laundry that always makes me add clothes to the 'to-swap' pile...
done having this never ending war with you.
Not putting up today's #husbandmorningshower song in worries of revenge.
Nice day on the set of game over The kids had a great time Thanks Guys It was Awesome
Definitely! I won't be there too long but I'm going to try to catch everyone.
Great news! McNally's Tavern, home of the Schmitter, donating a Schmitter season long package to our auction March 3 at !
Rest. When you are struggling with your mind the most important remedy is increased rest
Lots of good reading on Twitter but have to practice. At least I have my hymnal marked for tomorrow. Getting music organized 1/2 the battle.
": An you have , the sexiest WR in the league ;)" he is a babe isn't he haha
Plans 4 the evening simple have a nice quiet evening with my lady. #GrownManBusiness#
You've also been silent on city atty not required to live in CV. Jentz's Prop C still doesn't fix that. U don't seem to mind
Guru, yes; professor, no.
all i can say is that it was enchanting to meet you<3
Hey why dont U wanna go see the Rund? are you too tired from all that AWESOME Detroit Kid Rock music? or r you saving for ICP?
I'm not hanging with u next week now
I know he probably wont see this... but can u please follow me???
Appreciate the folo...see you at the movies!
Barnacle Buds: Laid back atmosphere, great patio, cheap drinks and food specials. Pig roast on Satudays!
If you wanna see who your real friends are, f*ck up and see who's still there.
TLanez! I need your email bro! Need to send you some beats!!
Can't shake the feeling I forgot a meeting Friday, even though there's nothing in my calendars, phone, email, etc. Like a seed in my teeth.
Just got done watching Machine Gun Preacher. The movie is kind of similar to that Kony situation. Make you wonder outside United States
Cool commercial! WOW
You can't talk about guns, drugs, and killing, then be all like: "not guilty!!"
This project blowing me. -____-"
haha its not its stupid:)
naw idc about nothing can't make nobody mad who don't care about shit thank lashaun for that
BigUps to #LobCity on their game 7 win!!! Watching this Heat vs Pacers matchup .... Pretty damn even between these teams
Behold the power of twitter. is really nobody decided to tweet an inappropriate comment. Now everyone is talking about him.
A co-worker was nice enough to share a bag of Hibiscus Coconut Tea with me. This is what summer smells like!
DODGERS WIN!!!!!! You already know though
Is your marketing plan #effective?
Easy on the rain, Madame Nature. We have kickball tomorrow.
How many ET's have a Twitter account? How many of you are ET's that are disguised as Earth humans? Many ET's are very peaceful.
ctfu hell yes
Gig last night was amazing, thanks for the chat! (To refresh your memory, I'm the cake decorator that loves TesseracT, haha.)
email sent
Congrats to Jamie Moyer!
5.. Im Sure You Made That Up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
let me cater to you baby
Anyone in Richmond ever use a mobile mechanic service that comes to your house to fix your car? Reviews?
Working on my album. Summer project should be done by September.
And finally, we have a more diverse and multi-generational workforce in place requiring a new look to how work is accomplished.
Off to school to show off my new SEXAY smile!!!!
10:50pm on the treadmill at the gym, crying over a marriage proposal on the reality show I'm watching
The Cubs are bunting again.
looking forward to the night
S/o at my new followers n
Nothing is going to change. Deep down, you know that. You are wasting your time.
We hope you enjoyed this week’s Nostalgicon post. Who would you like to see next?
wait, jk, I love tweeting it's impossible to stop
I'm sure I'll get a text later sayin' "Omg, I totally just saw that you sent me this..."
that airport should be abandoned immediately!
Happy Hump Day everyone. Hope its as productive and gratifying as mine will be!
yay for you! that was an important selling point for me when changing jobs (that is, can i please keep some time on the desk…)
Who is the best Classical Music Composer ever?
Monday night! on #AmericasGotTalent!
me too! Cept there more kinda just really prints vs cool retro cuts. Blackmilk.com
Did you attend the Rock Hall's induction ceremony? What did you think?
they seem strong at that position already. maybe they have another area of need?
Lets start a WorldwideTrend -----------> #ThingsIBoughtForADollar Lets make it
I missed my Manson hoodie SO much. (:
looking for experienced Inside Sales reps for one of my clients in the Florham Park, NJ area (both in business development/account manageme…
I got so much money I should start a bank.
When you have to sneeze AND pee...bit the best feeling in the world...
100% agree. Although I can't stand either of them!
You may be a #highered researcher if you're excited that IPEDS released 2011 conferral data & that the BLS is will have new labor projs soon
Not much. Just living. How are you, old friend?
Sex pistol
Spring party? I dunno lol
you and kiana are only gunna be 3. Hours away from me and maia =)
Just woke up!
that would
wink wink
Ok, just finished watching Pastor Joel Preach about the kingdom. That was an ontime word, if i needed it!!! Thank you lawd!!! :)
The new PLO #PAD is fantastic!!! really gives you inside look at how pros analyze PLO hands. Love the line up. Superb action.
Thanks for letting us know!
lmao we have a purple people eater stuffed animal that sings, and it makes him scream, cry, and run haha
TREAT people the way YOU want to be treated! TALK to people the way YOU want to be talked to! RESPECT is earned NOT given !!
please keep live tweeting your Downton Abbey viewing. You say the things I keep to myself ( for lack of fellow viewers).
Take that, rewind it back, The Phantom's got the voice that make ya booty go *clap*! hah!
Fuck religious extremists. Suck my liberal cock.
To say this has been an ugly first period would be a bit of an understatement
A morning prayer: May your path lead you to peace and understanding, may your path cross mine so that we may share both with each other.
I'm tryna get tatted tonight!!! Who's down?????
Wuts the purpose of indie artist paying $35 per hr for studio time for 1 or 2 songs, put 18songs on a mixtape an then act to cool 2 sell it?
: I love anytime Moonstone and Songbird go at each other. They're two of the most underappreciated Marvel female characters.
WHERE U @ CUZZO?
I graduate May 30th a RT or ShoutOut from would be amazing!!
really?! so, who's strapping a microwave to their bike and providing the new lunch hotspot for downtowners?
can't get myself to get used to google calendar's new spartan look. the old one was much better
Love that the lady with the "hit it here"sign st the game just put up Kruk and Kuip on her sign!
The 3rd Foundation: Personal Concecration: consists of 3. attending weekly worship services
I wish you'd like me.
Really enjoyed 's Q&A chat today. Now intrigued by asteroid mining.
Don’t let the current economy slow you down. Start making plans for a brighter tomorrow by taking action today.
I want to go home & sleep. Lol my drunkness is going away & we want some tacos.
“Seattle City Light’s low-cost, reliable electricity is...one of the biggest reasons businesses choose to locate in Seattle." -Mayor McGinn
Awe. Thank you!!! :) ": You're gorgeous and so sweet I admire you. <U+2665>”
Wait Nicolette tweeted me...
I hate people who use chainsaws next door when I'm trying to frickin' sleep..
haha yeah... guess it wasnt a big priority
Purchase any items from these 3 websites and 15% of ALL profits will go towards supporting The Weekend Edition of NM News & Views
and beer and a cheesesteak didn't really help. I just need to go to bed.
Oh shut your face. goodnight everybody!
I know what she want
here's my twitter so follow me maybe
We change for two reasons; either we learn enough that we want to or we've been hurt enough to have to.
Looking forward to it!
too many interesting projects going on. need to focus on my own.
Can it get worse? It can get a whole lot worse. If we blow it and elect Mitt Romney, we'll see just how bad it can really get.
yes, it is. good morning!!
report card??!?
AFFFredericksburg:Getting ready for our 1st nutrition seminar! Before pictures are ready to be picked up and bracelets are here
I have been working in field for 20+ yrs. I am starting my own HCBS agency. As a parent what qualities r most important to you?
The need 4 structure, routine, & control are considered positive attributes and strategies for people w/ASD. Funny: I like those 2.
All you're giving me is fiction, I'm a sorry sucker and this happens all the time.
stupid, immature, lack of respect, and a whole host of other ways to describe their actions. Again, fans really ones harmed.
Hell, just driving up Cantrell hill is hard!
The only way to reduce medical negligence is not by limiting the rights of those harmed--it's by reducing medical negligence.
I hate when lil queens bitch about stupid shit... Man up, dude!
or u don't wanna
I just followed back
#COSIGN! RT: Cotto gave a good fight
My requests actually shot up after I made that crack, so now I don't know what to do.
Congratulations to the USA Today's new publisher, Larry Kramer. Bought my 1st paper in Oct. 1982. Right journalist for future.
Happy mothers day too all of the moms in the world. Jaja
I WILL PAY YOU 50$ TO COME CUDDLE WITH ME PLEASE
hahahaha our life storied
Back to Oahu??
Dreams, ideas and plans are not only an escape, they give me purpose.
I'm gonna make you girl a hump day treat
How's everyone's #Friday morning going!? Hope you all have a nice and #productive day.
enjoy " Not a single Big Ten player taken yet. SEC seemingly every other pick."
I know everyone's watching the NFL draft but I know someone saw the clip of Pepa of Salt-N-Pepa performing at halftime of an NBA game
I love you <333 :)
It's my second time today.
Thanks for the like, Philip Bardi!! It's about time! :)
Hi Angie. I'm so sorry to hear about your experience here at METRO. I am hoping we can chat in more detail about it.
that and the resale of stolen batteries and razor blades, but the news is the raid, not the sales
i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you.....
New reality television show idea: The Dysfunctional Divorce Drama of Deion Sanders.
...and the winner is Dawn Geary from Mediaura! Congratulations Dawn, enjoy your prize!
hope there are more ups than downs Things are good for me heading to hawaii next month two finally finish shooting my project
Can anyone recommend a front-end contractor? I'm looking for help on a personal project.
Gummy worms are almost non existent in seoul korea airport! What the hell!
So the Heat are everything but a shoe-in for the Finals. And the West is going to have to fight almost every round just to have a chance...
what's up? How are you hun?(:
you say you text me back then you never do
A redesign might appear around 2012 for both the Navigator and the Ford Expedition, but don't bet on that just yet
Wow, I feel so flattered. AND both followed me on Pinterest. Pressure's on to deliver!
She sings amazing :)
Man I hate fireworks. I want to bite them but they are to damn fast
#Heartattack Violence Against Women Can Take Lifelong Toll : Study Title: Violence Against Women Can Take Lifelong Toll : Study Category: H
Three twenty two aye em
Message here "students do what's inspected, not what's expected" would not sit well with
lol I'm not worried your like a brother to me trust ya with my life haha I will bring it by tonight or tomorrow??
#Np Mateo- say it so
I know it's something that is often discussed but nothing is ever done about it. Here is another one of those instances. The drinking age..
I wish would go on twitter rampages all the time.
Where the fuck are my parentheses?
Mr. Don Kay himself of has nicknamed me "Smily"...I'll take it :)
& is proud to announce that will be our special guest on next weeks show! MORE INFO SOON.
I miss you too!!! Tell your mom happy mothers day!
Where to Download Free iMovie for Windows to Make a Home Movie
Exactly Ben! NY gave away too much to just cast away DeRo for Dax- DC is inferior overall but DC svc & wing play is better
I <3 my #GTD context-based Next Actions list. Just knocked out 9 phone calls in a row Woo Hoo!
thank you for joining us, did you try the new menu items?
Im feeling freaky right nw.
Anyone who says they love spring has never suffered from allergies
this one time at bandcamp
Great symposium on exec ed today at KSU, thanks and Dr. Janice Barrow, honored to be a part of the day.
The Things That Need Doing: A Memoir by Sean Manning
texted you!
Need to study late for finals? Thompson Library is open til 2 am March 12-16. SEL Library is open 24/7
Thanks for the #FF mention! come visit #SanDiego winecountry
Thx for the RT! Hope to see you this week in Boston @
gd these commentators suck fmj cock
I know people feel salty when no one replies to their tweets....
S/O to shootin the fair one! Am I right?
Union station, for all those who missed us on Monday, don't let the cold stand between you and a delicious taco, or better yet some soup
I miss licking it, I miss sucking it, I miss slurping the sticky wet juices off it. DAMN IT!! I wish I didn't drop my popsicle!!!
I demand Ecto Cooler
I love that place. I'm in desperate need of a nail appointment-can no longer do it myself! Have fun!
Gym sesh with <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Think Globally... Act locally...
I think Herman Cain can't take nein nein nein for an answer.
Ooh wow can't wait for the Avengers, looks great... So happy they are giving these characters the justice they deserve. DC please take note.
thanks Joel! We love you.
Grilling up some burgers then recording a few guitar tracks. Going to Thayer later. Couldn't be a better Sunday.
no prob! If you do the "Stag n Drag" let me know if you would like a DJ and we could work something out!
RT : lmao me and gon be clowning lol<<<wat i miss? <3 u guys too b.t.w
hush up
Keepin it Ras in Austin! Today we play at El Leon's Bar, 1910 E Cesar Chavez St
So ..?? Need some reasons buddy or is that an inside joke ?? “: Why do I hate so much?”
i can't wait to go to palmetto <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
congrats on your move to the Jets! Good luck!
Ready to go - hosting Florida Roundup at 12noon on WLRN 91.3 Streaming live WLRN.org Thx , now go have another vacation beer!
Fun thing to do on May the Fourth: piss off shorts guys by asking them: 'aren't you a little short for a storm trooper?'
Why we love : RT : I just accidentally talked about taxidermied fetuses on live radio. BUCKET LIST.
We're open to any/all.
Missing my little Zoesters.
is rockin' the digital humanities hipster #thatcampva t-shirt today.
Yes sir! RT : what real talk
I just saw videos of and a can on a date and I realized ill never meet him :'(
Please follow me !
Thank you! I'm always more comfortable in a place once I know a bit of the ecological and geological context.
So I just found out that they are making a movie about Jeff Buckley!! >>> #Excited!!!
And what a beautiful it was
go home drama free is da way to be!
I've thought that more than once when catching a segment I wanted to hear on your show :)
I am a former Boston girl now living in northeast CT
It's amazing what people can do with old episode clips, music and a really good video editing program.
i got to see my boyfriend yesterday as well. :) and i can't since I'm in class! D:
Whoa. Don't hurt yourself.
@ that good Greystone Manor wit my guys and bout to make a movie in this thing! U hear me!
i guess someone took my second to the last tweet the wrong way...? lol
I am confident that Marlee Matlin will grasp quantum superposition by the end of this film.
Thank you to everyone who came out to the show Thursday night. It was beyond amazing! I was in heaven. Big hugs to you all.
: That's what I'm talking about!
sure thing my man! check out the songs and hit us back (:
oh, exciting...where did you find that?
Me and the recorder go way back
Carrot Cake?
I follow - very interested in seeing that doc!
Life isn't easy..
i made the mistake of sitting down at the computer before making coffee and then just got sucked in.
Don't make me hurt you.
#prsun will be at the St. Patrick's Day Parade tomorrow in NYC.
you're always logged in on my phone. Why? I don't know.
When it comes to tweeting, Bold Universe has developed quite an affinity for MyTweeple, CoTweet, TweetMeme and HootSuite
not much
Dude...just say no. It is TOTALLY worth the 6 year old meltdown at Target.
Come get your 'late night snack on' at w/ !
Oh, ok
what I'm in your dreams. I knew you liked me
texted me C;
Deven Hester don't pass drug tests. He returns that for a touchdown! Then, kicks the extra point, plus pisses in the cup like Noah!
She speaks the truth!!
I had many, many tweets and now they're all gone. Anyone know where they went and how to fix it? #twitter #tweet count
Soft Kitty, Warm Kitty, little ball of Jenny.
oh yea, I could eat four bags of sour gummy worms or sour patch kids in a sitting easily
Lunchtime panel on southern foods, small farms, organic cakes, and cookbooks.
Congrats on a new book. It's a great feeling.
This is going to be fun!! We can't wait to see you wearing the Captain's Hat :)
oh my god. How did I not know?!
What's the definition of an accountant?Someone who solves a problem you didn't know you had in a way you don't understand.
So True RT : How do you scale online courses that don't stink? Uninspired lectures posted online are still uninspired
saw another person leave the work bathroom with toilet paper stuck to their shoe. made sure not to tell them because I'm evil like that LOL
After staying in a motel in Kanab for two days I am praising the Lord that I can sleep in my own bed tonight.
damn nigga are you trying to claim blood?
RT : Anyone interested in subleasing my house this summer in Muncie let me know! Great house, great location. Ask for more ...
“: #napo2012 spending time with my "species" :)”lol species..love it!
Apparently homos have nest where we lay eggs in microwaves.
Bonamour CEO Nathan Halsey will be in Irvine, CA June 30th, don't miss opportunity to see him speak on Bonamour at Hyatt.
I was gonna go to a shoot then i got high... just playin'. I don't smoke. was a hilarious tune but peeps didn't like
Well played on making Ankiel into an adjective!
": Greek business leaders launch ads including "www.greeceischanging.com" website. Only thing on it so far: "Coming soon.""
#FF she's a Ram fan and likes the Office! She was on the bad girls club but head slapped one of the girls and got kicked off
Is it true? Wolfgangs Vault has a 1968 Newport Folk festival performance of...Tim Buckley? YES!! To be released this Tuesday! Get in line!
Anyone know of any potential funding for starting a private practice?
Good for you! That's legit. It's tough but after the first 3 days you've eliminated 85% of the challenge
Only gods knows
Thanks to Bonnie North and for the chat about #SexyResults this morning. Looking forward to hearing it on the air next week!
U.S. Geothermal Provides Corporate Update
you gay really or is it a April fool joke? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
baby steps. no pun intended.
Learning tips on maximizing LinkedIn from David Fisher (D. Fish). Some good stuff...
Corp that support charities, esp those that help families in need, THANK YOU #SWANK n
Brewers win it! Milwaukee's about to explode!
They're playing Bad Medicine...we lost Swift to the zombie-state-inducing lead guitar licks....damn it.
We'll miss you--next month!!
Damn what a day! I'm definitely being put to the test but I got this!
Just rode a camel with , that ish cray.
"One's first step in wisdom is to question everything - and one's last is to come to terms with everything." Georg Christoph Lichtenberg
Since when did people start referring to their bodyguards as "boyfriends"?
RT : The Great ID Challenge has begun! Starvine 10
man a full 2 chapters b4 a made it 2 that pic
My twitter is being dumb
So do you actually get on here, or do you have other people do it...?
That's my coffee mug! And I'm about to go there to get supplies for the next project (painting).
oy - sorry it took forever to get back to you - we work with voice-over artists from all over the world, depending on demand
yea u can...download the album->move to folder->then play the songs and theyll open in ur iTunes..then jus draggem to ur iPod
you have to cuz everybody ain't who they portray to be
Cache or storage tier, where is the disruptive technology.... it all looks like what we have been doing in storage forever.
what up wwe champion you going beat albertio del rio on monday night raw
who wants to help me build a newletter for emarketing?
oh my god, them girls were JAMMING to Brittany Spears lmfao
I am Twitter official with Glen now. Just sayin.
Wining and dining in So. Tampa tonight.... Wearing trendy socks ya dig!
My goals are:finalize my target list & ROCK my auditions for & so I'll be known by my target list!
Yes....on Palladia it's a Gorillaz par-tey!!!
Fork remains upside down the majority of the time
My white neighbors looked confused when I moved in, If they ask I'm say I play for the Giants or Jets just cuz lol
Q: What did the blonde say when asked what the last two words of the national anthem are? A. Play ball.
I love living next to train tracks, Idk how but the sound of the train passing helps me go to sleep. It's not as loud as you would think.
Hangin' out with a spontaneous and truthfully sincere girl a
I forgot how much I HATE Art Model.
will be right there.
dont know of another way to do it!! :-)
We are producing new book: Science Ink by Einstein, Darwin, math, dinos, space. Can we send you an advance copy?
two sweet, smart and funny friends; and
it was, but left with a ton of sauce.
Wynonna is in the house! Pops fans, what are you most looking forward to about tonight's concert?
Thank you for your support!
Thanks for following. I now look forward to your Tweets!
praying all is well.
NBA commissioner David Stern recently indicated that "flopping" is a big concern bc it's designed to deceive the refs. May implement a fine.
Obstacles are essential for success because victory arrives only after many struggles and numerous defeats.
does an impromptu acapella cover of Viva Las Vegas. And the crowd goes wild. U don't get this !
On to the next one...": Out with old, in with new. Colts removed the giant Peyton Manning banner from Lucas Oil Stadium today."
Come on!
May 16 is Wear Purple 4 Peace Day. We’ll clean 1 purple garment/FAM free when u drop off Wed. Just mention to CSR. No suede/leather.
Tryna change my ways
Next 10 people to follow gets a personally shout from me .
The Biebs is up next:)
no school today :D
Any of them :)
cool, up at 5 am.....this would be a great hour to start everyday except I know that i'll be sleepy again in an hour...grrrr
Pardon our dust! Stop back in 12 weeks and you will be shocked at how ridiculously amazing looks!
I would destroy
A dirty book is rarely dusty. ~Author Unknown
hi sexy(; LOOL!
Starting off Sunday morning with some fat rips of Super Oasis OG. Irie!!!
Girl I know ur tired bc you've been running through my mind all day
: RT : My personal backstage #beauty will involve
wow you put the government name on here?
PS--the lake creature is a local, giant public art piece that travels from lake to lake in Mpls--Boundary Waters aren't far away.
#goodideasforcities 6 mid-size cities get the program. Cincy's 1 of them.
You're too kind! I hope the study inspires fishing managers to rethink their guidelines.
1925-The #Warner Bros. Moving Picture company merge with Vitagraph and begin experimenting with fixing #sound on to
Sophia Loren - she's still so fierce and beautiful at 77!
"Professionals SORT, amateurs SELL"
Go natural
#Vizzda tracked ~$2B of #CRE in #Maricopa County in Q1. Interested? Follow for #timely, #comprehensive & #verified data!
I want to see Demi Lovato this summer but I don't know who I would go with:(
MF Global...Why isn't John Corzine (the CEO) in jail? They smuggled over $1B in customer funds out of the US.
Merry Christmas to my wife
That's SO mean!!! RT : CONFESSION: I drove into a puddle today specifically the splash somebody on the sidewalk
The amazing moment when a question on a test gives the answer to another question.
It's Sunday... relax & enjoy it...
Don't esh-stomp your little last season product shoes at me, honey.
There is no power on earth that can neutralize the influence of a high, simple and useful life.
RT : Interesting stat: Justin Bieber's 43 million Facebook fans are more than Romney & Obama’s put together. Seriously? crzy
To my friends at the show: There's a camera at the back of the theater that we can see in the green room. $20 to the first person to flash.
@ @ @ yes, and agencies should accept e- requests. Need strategy for show and conquer.
Like the hire to
hahaha it's truly me! I wish I had my hat right now...
<U+2764> U ~ Call me if you need anything done, except for like taking out the garbage, washing windows or cleaning out that shed. <U+2299>.<U+25CE>) °
yup it says he is message him
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you're watching tv with your parents and a se scene comes on.
Watching Rampart.
RT Oomf on bullshit y would u give ya digits if u ain't gona reply bak..Wtf!!!-- want me ta smack her?
Get ready! A coaching profession "tsunami" is coming...the T-MAP!! Buckle your assessment seat belts.
For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is eternal life through Christ Jesus our Lord. (Romans 6:23 NLT)
lol it's just a matter I trying to make it to the finish line man!!
SPECIAL! Go Green and customize your existing website for $100.00. Mention the phrase GREENME! www.gostudiogreen.com
Thanks, Feeling loved!
It's such a letdown when you go to drink your coffee and Its not even hot :(
The menu is changing a Growlers of Gaithersburg. Had a taste of a tart raspberry trippel last night. Due out soon.
Sometimes I feel so alone I just don't know, it feels like I've been down this road before, so lonely and cold...
Going to try frutarian diet all day tomorrow. Ive been doing all fruit in the first half of day and loving it. Digestion is amazing now.
Alright, I officially need to switch to a #CU for all my accounts $5 monthly fee for using my debit card at Bank of America - I think not.
My young bol asked me " bunz everyone in the sock look up to you there" i said nizz everyone in the sock hate me
DAMN this is crazy!!!! I'm watching it now!
One of life's most thought provoking questions. RT : Would you swallow your dogs throw up to save your best friend from dieing?
dont call me poo. p.s. dont ever become a babysitter :)
The best things in life are FREE …. Family, Friends, Smiles, Hugs, Kisses, Love, Sleep, Good Memories
i take showers with my cat. THAT PUSSY DOESN'T FEAR A LITTLE WATER.
lmao they better start listening or else I'll darn them again hahaha.
I want to so bad
Countdown to Kick-Off - GO PREDS!M
no double standard. 'Fair & unbiased' fox news would do the same to Oreilly or Beck if they started kissing babies.
I hope the Nuggets come in more prepared and shock the Fakers in LA.
#BOYFRIENDReview I love it so much that boys were like OMG is it 'Biebers' song and i was like yeah .haha
O MY GOODNESS I LIKE IT. #rebel def.
RT : Don't try to figure out what they want. They don't know what they want.
Today I became an Aunt!!!! I'm so excited to hold her & spoil her!!! Welcome to the world Mackenzi Teresa Chapman!!! Yay <3
#Overthesummer i went to World Of Fun
Best wishes to you and your family in Tampa! I'll catch up with you on your new handle.
Bout to head to Dave & busters & celebrate a friends birthday
Impose: (something unwelcome or forced to be accepted ),most people don't like force used ,.but people do it all the time.Or try!
sorry for my over-enthusiasm. Brewing this morning for the first time in a while, and I'm super excited.
I can tell you, honest friend, what to believe believe life it teaches better than book or orator.
YES FOR THIS #BATTLESHIP TRAILER!! Yes Rihanna!!!!
Group project turned party.
Just letting you know "You Loved Me" is my song of the month! It is breaking my heart in the best way! Much Love Sis!
One day I was driving down a road in a small town. When all of the sudden a police car with his siren going came up behind me. I asked th...
Taste of Madison is tomorrow and we will have live music starting at 2:30pm! Jim Ripp, followed by Anthony Cao
I gave my best, it wasn't enough
“: Someone tell me what I'm ever going to do without next year! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> #sweetbestfriend”
Is he a pirate? : is a boy with scurvy and his wish is to make 10k followers on Twitter
Stay out of the rain. Come and join us today at Oro Pomodoro at Rockville Town Square for Jazz brunch. 12pm. Kids eat for free all day.
RT : Its true! RT Reddit traffic has skyrocketed since they went open-source.
#nrb12 standing O for No Other Name
are you going to church?
...but at least I didn't rip off my shell! lol
how's yours?
5/8/1777->B. Arnold: I am happy to find that a late resolve of Congress of the 2nd instant, has restored you to the continental army.
Sandy Frankel is calling on Co. Exec. Brooks to release her 2012 Budget no later than Oct. 2nd, so it can be analyzed prior to the election
There was an RIT prof on Jeopardy last night and I missed it because I was at the homebrewing club meeting. Apparently he won.
help me A or B
That'll be one mini-Dewars or a York Peppermint Patty.
Happy Monday everyone! It's a bit chilly out there this morning. Why not come in for a cup of Cafe Vita coffee!
hehe, what is this hangingwithfriends thing any ways? hangman?
Everyone can calm down now.....im officially in NY
hahahahah it's a decent song...
and killing it at the one and only
Just passed my canine good citizen test!!!! Everyone should feed me now!
so nobody wants to admit they got some booty? -_____- .. coo.
loved how Bree ended coming to louisville
oh stop that
I'm pretty sure I've arrived at this conference for Twitter folks more than anything.
is it me or is peeling boiled eggs the most annoying kitchen task?
that awesome! :) I miss talking to you
Best chemistry class ever.
Want to talk with people while not spoiling details. Feel free to DM or Facebook message me!
That's the beauty of having the #codcon12 planning committee finalize the program 24 months in advance!
My fingers are crossed too! I really loved this book!
12 day work schedule whew I'm going in
Hittin the gym...need to sweat out all the booze from Zuma last night. Gotta love Mondays....
jest have to say nice body
My Brother Is Buying Me V.I.P Tickets & Right Now At The Moment I Can't Breathe
Oh no, so sorry.
RT : Who's excited for round 2 tonight: #sunfest ME
How did people survive before Chapstick?
I'm going to sleep. Goodnight all mahomies! We love you Austin! <3 #gn <U+2665>
So I know the suck this year, but you gotta wonder how long a leash Gardenhire has left.
Met some amazing new people at a party I attended. Had tremendous fun.
This is super mysterious. 12 sites? Must be a case for #GirlScoutsRocktheMall!
going out to south holland to go work on a couple projects
Another good game... Will Eli take his team to victory?
Need to make major moves over the next few months
This is the best sounding stage at #sxsw says about #andhow!
Learning that sometimes social media visibility (name, career, company, position, clients) can be looked upon negatively
the link doesnt work
Cooking an epic meal with the best neighbor in the world, the one and only Ian Hooker.
Sam Riggs is getting airplay! You know it!
love seeing all these great MCA rhymes today. wish they were there for a different reason.
Good to know! I've been waiting for Que but haven't heard much lately. Will check into Elec Pub.
Oahu and the big island! I'm stoked - never been before.
Me, too. RT I'm still confused by this whole thing.
Just get through it in one piece. ;)
Looks like I'm not eating REAL food tonight...
Free BumP J real nigga for life, Shoutout to Derrick Rose man that nigga nice
"The courts have become grotesquely dictatorial and far too powerful." ~Newt Gingrich
That's it, Safari. One too many crashes today. Just set Chrome as my default browser. OH SNAP
why...did Bruce Pearl just get rehired?
