<I agree with ya and hope you make it to Washington, it's time for some real change. Good luck and best wish's.
seriously people need to stop taunting people about spelling, at this pt, its our fingers doing the work typos happen.
Hello, 103. Thanks, Tracy! We like you too, in a very non-creepy, totally Facebook-friendly sort of way.
thanks! We kinda dig her :)
Keith Maio: National Bank of Arizona saved $3,000 per month just by switching out lightbulbs. Pro enviro, pro economy!
Who's watching on Million Dollar Listing right now??
Damn you woman bo
Nice intro Aaron Ross!!!! THE university of Texas...hook em horns
will do my best. People are sending me updates via text and facebook.
So true! RT : "We should look for someone to eat and drink with before looking for something to eat and drink." ~Epicurus
I hope everyone is enjoying their weekend!
Gorilla Girl.
"a grip of" or "grippa"
guess I'll try and sleep now.. goodnight twitter :)
Thank u pimpin! #NewMusicFam RT THANKS FOR ADDING ME BRO
I hope you're doing fine today:)
Gotta love people who talk obnoxiously loud on their phones in pubic places... Not! You don't need to yell to be heard lol
Down to the punch list. Where giving it the old 1 - 2!
Have you seen the Pittsburgh Dirty Dozen DVD yet? It is an awesome DVD for training: Want lasting exposure to dedicated cyclists?
Thank you sir! I really appreciate it! #ETO Volume 3 is coming in January and it will feature songs from 30 bands :)
Sleepover and Grandma and Grandpa's tonight... Yeah!! Best part carpet in the bedrooms to run around on. Happy Labor Day weekend :-)
Kentucky Fried Jayhawk!!
Second day of class, today is Geography and Advanced Algebra. Hope it's a quick day, don't feel like doing much.
me too! We missed the Birthday dinner :) is there a bon voyage happening?
I now crave my daily green juices/smoothies as part of my #cancersucks regimen. Better than coffee in terms of gaining energy.
these poor things are decades old: not a lot of sun in either locale. will trellis & water. other?
- Deanne, what a great msg. is "Never Too Late." I'm releasing my "Let's Dance!" video (10th track) in Jan.-kennylovejazz.com
Jiffy pop really IS as fun to make as it is to eat!!!
A lot of disasters are happening around the world and Obama cares about his view's on gay marriage, what a faggot
Im very angry with right now
love it
The RColorado Restaurant Association put on a great Restaurant EXPO yesterday! What a great way to spend a day.
Always uplifting to see emails notifying you that your bday is canceled.
hey I looked up you song baby Uh oh and it says justin bieber made it...
angel makowski knows
hmm:/ what do you want babe? Boy or girl?(;
Twinkle Twinkle , Little whore. Close your legs they aint' no door. (;
Any time you got nothing to do - and lots of time to do it - come on up.
Ugh been waiting forever at taco bell for Dennis.
when u gotta lie 2 keep somebody around Da truth must of made them wanna leave
Happy Easter... Its Beautiful out today! Come Join us for Sunday Funday. #Knicks vs #Bulls. Come Bounce with Us!
RT : Gov. signs Senate Bill 98 reconstituting the Board of Registered
Interested in taking a bus ride with you guys, but I get very motion sick and require a front seat. Any way to guarantee this?
Eating in Lousiville, KY on the way back home to TN. You know when it's real. I'm guessing we do.
Joba just has nothing except an extra 20 pounds
A Good Appetite: With This Mussel Sauce, One Spoonful Leads to the Next
Facebook buys Instagram, the app that makes bad pictures look cool.
How is this story of the filthy rich old woman who paid $390k for Union Rags a fairy tale?
Hope to see lots of kickballers at Power Balance Pavilion tonight!
Rethuglicans are pro-life until you are born then they throw you under the bus
I'm not an expert but I learned somewhere 400 is a good sample size if you pick wisely. More will barely increase accuracy.
Hehe. Thanks! I'll have to make sure I don't look too costume-y.
Stress in life comes from makin things more important than they r, failure come from makin things less impt than they r.
Good Morning Boo!!:) I Hope You Have An Amazing Day! Love You <3<3
I am going to have to make a very difficult decision about one of our cats very soon. So sad :-(
: U got it. I'm uh check her out. Us kids gotta stick 2-gether
4 hours until VCAP-DCD5 exam. any advice from those who've taken it already?
Hey there, (MaggieLaabs), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Why is downtown traffic this horrible???
Stay cool today! Come to the #UMBC library for our free a/c and stay for the free books, articles, cds and dvds! Win-win!
nice chatting :) enjoy your day!
nah, its mostly ppl that I assume aren't jumping on the Lob City bandwagon.
that's so sad. I grew up in a town of 1,200 people and loved it. With no jobs though, it's hard to find a way to stay.
I'm Tempted to rent one myself but can't quite justify the rental price for a leisurely weekend test fest.
We love you! Untoward loves you! What can we do to make this self-evident?
Thanks for the follow and the support! New bootleg coming soon!
I'm hungry but I'm eattin naw
Never again
haha I don't know actually hey! Payt left already
can burp the alphabet,
I don't like you.
Thanks, From Mam: "I received your really cool Mother's Day gift. I'm going to show this to all my friends."
i wanted to show you the cover to see what you think, i think your book's name is so cool you never know
I miss you more and more everyday!
Dear person who invented the GPS. I will give you my first born. Thank you so much.
Ugh I miss you..
the picture was perfect, everyone was looking great, except i was fucking looking away
Pretty sure the will look the best
where R U @? Ben watchin all the warnings I have a lot of storm chaser friends who may be in ur area
be patient!! Lol ;P
you know it! Same to you.
Spurs starters: Patty Mills, Danny Green, James Anderson, Boris Diaw and DeJuan Blair.
you just reminded me of why I like that show. Haven't watched in a while
Nice: Patrick Butrym signs with the 49ers, will be reunited with former #Badgers QB Scott Tolzien.
You looked hotter than ever. Naturally.
Another day, another 3D ultrasound pictures on Facebook....
did u go see the movie?
Sweet!! Nice work Dave!
#zerion it's awesome hearing about you bringing mobile technology to farmers in third world countries.
": The tarp is coming off the field. Hopefully, we'll be getting ready to play ball soon."uptown its pouring gr8 mlb gms
Awesome, thanks for the follow, Kevin! I'll see you later today, even though it's raining :)!
RT : We are out & about today in the QR wrapped Element. Spy us & win a $5 gift card to !
I mods you too! Come back to Lubbock now!
ur dad's freaking snoring<<<<<<<<
love you too hunnyyy :)
thanks for your help today
I was under no illusions a/b the Celts winning the title, but 73 points? Gotta do better than that.
Well I had experience with it from my college days, but honestly it took me a day just get my bearings back.
When I'm frustrated and stressed about school, my poohbear always makes it better & keep me motivated to get TF out this bxtch lol.
Happy Fourth of July!
Hey girl waving behind home plate during every at-bat. STOP IT. go Pirates..and Nats..
“: I ate too much. #firstworldpain”
That moving screen by KG is something he actually does, and I'm sure he did it a few times tonight. Wrong time for the refs to call that.
Downtown’s availability rate is at 10.5% which only 3% of 2007
yeah they are. But there might only be one more game...
Jungle ball = mike brown
I always thought Walberg's system was good teaching kids how to play the game.
. You sound like my kinda guy. So, why the forced-birtherism? You've never slipped one past the goalie and needed an out?
Happy Birthday! <3
Dogs walked down the dirt road I call Moose Road. Watching Richard Clarke on Bill Maher.
England seems cool to me. Have you been to America?
Need for the day in San Francisco... A city savvy wet suit!
You have a good weekend too.
"but I can play some Blink 182 for you..."
I've spent the last three weeks watching every episode on Netflix. Love Sam and Dean!
The shuttle just flew right over my house! Great view! //cc
Very cool. :)
he did.... Twice
boo... client site, don't have much of a choice.
Best statement I've heard all am from #e2conf ..."Stop evangelizing; start doing!" amen, amen, I say to you, amen.
Long but productive day
Patton Oswalt and Paul F. Tompkins is a damn fine way to end the day.
I still have a little to go. How much did you write, 1200 or 1500 words?
Traffic wasn't too bad getting to Baltimore this morning for
happy HUMP day... Thank goodness for !!! :)
Just another one of those days where you dont feel like smiling....
Shits awkward because I really don't know what to put in people's yearbooks so I opt for the creepy kid thing. Lol YOLO
Thanks for the RT. Getting some sleep after trial? Hope you are getting a chance to decompress & enjoy ridiculous March weather
You know you've had a great #StPatricksDay when you end up covered in gold glitter with and :-)
Yeah it would omg he just liked my wall post i sended him on fb:D
10 year old getting a badge from Aurora Police Department.
Super Bowl ticket prices dropping a little here, just as I assumed. Dont wait too long to step in and buy though. They will go back up wed
thanks! See you soon at !
I love
nice avi..you're scenic.
question 1 in your latest quiz. 'where can you find over 70 dealers in Newark?' Answer.... wetherspoons.
you see, a reason the fans love you is because you take the time to notice us. xo :)
#atouraine scoops Fukiyama 1979 essentially argued for the end of history because “contemporary societies produce their own history”
him and Harry dancing.. That would be a great idea ;D lol
You bitches think the same, I think the opposite.
Damn derby... Still drunk and haven't fallen asleep. Wtf is wrong with me
Its OATMEAL not OHPAMEAL
RT : Meeting with and #doitindy #indy (@ Fountain Square Brewing Company
Glenn Big Dog Robinson
Signed up for my first big ride of the year. Hopefully it isn't too soon for a 200K hill climb
Nate the great!
Loving the Milwaukee Public Market...why has it taken me so long to discover this place?
heard terrible news today... a friend's 5yr old son has a form of cancer. Please remember them in your prayers.
hahaha. Yeahh!! It didn't help I was watching tv shows about crimes and then the news tells me about all the new crazies -___-
“: I dream i will be verified one day lol”. One day :)
Last thing on my mind is committing to some guy
Vampires and nightlife industry people... same!
2 more hours until we open our doors for the GRAND OPENING of the BRINK!!! Ill be spinning all night along with free cover!...
Everyone's having delusions of grandeur here. RT : Probably could have got back to LA.
Thanks for the retweet! We'd love to hear your thoughts this week in our exchange discussion.
Okay, but keep this on the brown-low between you & me only. Here are my 2 good rules to life: 1) Never tell everything you know. 2)
Thank you!
Physical game do far
Those with #allergies can reduce their exposure by encasing mattresses and pillows with allergen reducing covers.
You say that as if we ever get more than a week of real spring in the dc area :P
Hey hey hey #phatalbert just signed with the angels..
Just munched a 'Candy cane' road goodie worth 5 points!
GUCCI BICYCLE RIDING ON YA ' LL .... PRADA BAG PACK MOUNTAIN CLIMBING ON YA ' LL...
Does anyone need any printing? I know the greatest place ever in San Diego. Happy St. Patrick's day ;)
qoin to school late today, & everybody actin like its a biq deal tht im there. i quess i really am a nerd lol
gwen still looks great!
OH GOD. Should I come? I should come. But should I come? Fuck I have no money.
so glad that you like the lists!
We definitely read tweets! Thanks for following and saying hi. Stop in for a drink some time!
Veep is pretty funny. LOTS of expletives.
God has a plan for us all. All you have to do is play your part and be the best man or woman you can be while you're here...
Thank you, Southfield, for being Dream Cruise-less.
you are killing it tonight good job!
How I wish you would fight for me as much as I fought for you...
Happy Teacher (and Staff) Appreciation Week. We especially tip our hats to those who teach for academic excellence AND social justice.
Cheers for following! :)
Indiana's zone D is crucial...
A bonfire was the perfect choice for the night.
booked my flight to LV for labor day wknd (again)
this is my bbi don't corrupt her
lol somebody done pissed in his cheerios or something! He is cracking me up though!
ring ring, my cellphone is off the hook! but LA boys can kiss my cute little butt, cause i'm addicted to showing off my hot body 4 u on cam!
We're all set to #coffeebomb tomorrow. Keep your eyes peeled for our next invasion!
How come you never tweet about my fighting career?
RT : hey, how you doing? <= Good! How are you?
Thanks very much guys.
Score! Managed to avoid any #GameOfThrones spoilers this morning. Time to watch it.
the salty pig.
Just read Marco Mandica's speech. Agree with Recht hat er.
"The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are; for what we could become." Charles Dubois
One thing in life u should never let yourself be is a quitter. Put ur whole heart in everything that u do and success will soon follow.
Disregard bitches.
why crazy?
Sucks for those sitting next to me tho; I'm going with the mexican food.
LA needs you more than that, but that's a good start ;)
oomf ringtone on my phone is Bug a Boo -Destiny's Child lol
Anyone in my LA group who wants a great dinner try Fig & Olive. It was fantastic!
thanks so much! You too are doing a wonderful job. DM me a mailing address and I'll send some books for you and your gang.
I Fucking hate my ex.. why must he so this to me...
I noticed a couple unfollowed me after I changed my profile pic. Come on! It's still loveable and adorable me! :) :)
My new books arrived from : Kofi Kingston, Rey Mysterio, Triple H. Loved wrestling as a kid; fun to revisit it with my sons.
I hate that phrase.. Makes me cringe lol
About 17-18 years old. Yeah, I feel like I've heard the pronunciation but so interesting that it's making its way into spelling!
Ever been out with some man n they r looking at some other woman on sly, then look at u 2 c if u saw them?
Congrats Roy :) much happiness and love to you and your future wife.
on my way now!! Ah
Flour Bluff gets leadoff walk, top of order coming up.
Pub quiz tonight! Come test your knowledge and enjoy drink & food specials – starting at 7:30pm.
: Hello. You seem to know a lot about both sexes. Ever read Neil Strauss' The Game? :)
$alute,didn't even know I made the list,thanks I'm on it.
just watched the shoot out. Some amazing saves by two of the top GKs in the world. I think Iker is overrated, but amazing.
I am exhausted...
Wat a day now its time for rest cause I got a long day ahead of me tomorrow.
I'm sayin! I don't fuck with iu bball, but I respect that all of those fags can play
WOO WOW WOW WOW
Happy Tuesday!
BRGO looks set up~great DD and chart looks ready! BRGO $$$$ 12M Float =)
Dex: Sometimes for fun, I slip condoms into the carts of little old ladies at the grocery store and then watch the clerk's reaction. Me: 0_o
I love it
so you will be there then? Awesome! We should definitely do a round for the 09.29 club!
Y is #Lego gendring bad? Here's 1 reason: toys pair girls w/ pretend jobs that pay LOTS less than pretend jobs 4 boys
Wishing I was going to opening day instead of working but I'll still be cheering on the
Goin to some fancy function with #danielneedsatwitter thanks to Mr. Rumple Minzcan it'll be great walkin round in purple heels.
Fewer seeing-eye singles please?
I don't want perfect, I want real!
Fabulous, we are looking forward to meeting you!
Hutchinson earned its third consecutive state berth. Fourth if you count the 2009 co-op. The Tigers have never made it past Round 1
RT : to find a life worth living, we must overcome our bounds: The cave you fear holds the treasure you seek. ~Hanns-Oskar Porr
#MXpresidentialDebate AMLO: "it's indignating that sonme of the richj have assets that could facilitate home credits"
Thank you! I'm so glad we had the chance to do this :)
MIAMI HEAT TAKES GAME 1 WOO
Sean Peyton suspended for a year without pay! Nice move, NFL, they needed to do something about the cheating!!!
As much as I want this week to fly by I know I'm going to miss all of this once it's over.
Happy Friday the 13th! Click like if you are superstitious. :-)
The ice started moving on the Koyukuk River by Allakaket for about 30 mins, but jammed up. Exciting time!
Larry Heideldidder of Miami Beach is gonna love this episode.
And everytime I try, it opens up my eyes
so i just rented a movie on itunes and it takes two hours to download... i kinda wanted to watch it...
A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason. - J. P. Morgan
I cant think of anything more stressful than being forced to interact with other people esp who hav no understanding of Autism
Knock knock. Who's there? You're fired & don't have health insurance & can't pay for your kid's school!
Eric Pio~ Make friends not enemies and you will always have eyes in the back of your head.
My ears are popping. I swear I don't know if I'll ever get used to living somewhere else.
omg i love u! follow me :)
hahha..i love that..anyway,,is that display pic reall you??
Teachers open the door but you must walk through it yourself. ~ Chinese Proverb
With no #rain in sight for the next 8 days I think its time to give the #Jeep a bath!!
"There is always a technology changing the way you pay attention to the world" Davidson at
HEY!! We are working on merch designs! Follow for more updates! #StayTuned :D
thanks! let us know your WF username once you input some recommendations so we can check it out!
When you're finished the video, don't forget to post it on Collaborate Philly!
I'm being mean.
thanks mark, i appreciate it!
didn't I ever mention that I draw...? I thought I did.
They are trying to make me give up my CA drivers license! I lived in another state and another country with it. #westside till I die. No way
i seen u there. Did u stay to watch mr.goodman.?
I don't get how people cheat so easily on someone they love
I made a new friend today. Her name is Serena. She is adorable and is probably like eight.
Pretty excited to see if I get on!! #alwayswantedthis!
I'm reading Life as We Knew It, rec'ed by two of my 7th graders. Love it. Makes you wonder what you would do if the world may/may not end.
She sure is a wonderful person. I'm honored to know her.
The simplest things become unbearably complex. . . what better to do than to delight in the new sensation?
I am so tired. Laying in my big comfy bed!
Thx. Would love to know how it compares/contrasts with vocus & hootsuite. You get info, see you nxt wk.
When these animals have pups, the entire family pitches in to raise the young. How sweet is that!?
“: after my finish at I'm putting in for the What do I have to loose :)” I knew u would. #good job
< alone, so that wasnt a very good situation. thank God for good mamas. i hope one day you can meet mine. she would like you.
Follow Friday: some of our bands are on twitter. , , ,
Dear both street: I know it's Friday, but could we turn it down a pinch? My kid can't sleep through 5 house parties....
Going to tour Germantown in Philly. One long final shibang before I head home and collapse.
thx lady! Will do! You were awesome tonight!
we schedule a time to have coffee again, I bring my laptop and we get to talk about MN's future! I'll email you with details!
Hahahaa!!! : Oh, you have a Macbook Pro and only use it for Facebook? You're so tech savvy, what a great investment.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Lol like 15 and that's being generous RT : if 83 is a lot for a woman...around what number is tippin the scale????
i'm still patiently waiting for the return of the bullet bra.
i love justin bieber!!!
Haha it's okay:P I'll forgive just this once;)
let's get those basketball games going on again, I miss em
Heading to Springfield tonight for my show at Mordecais on Main 930-1230. Come hang out with us-BH
no need to swear
Broke niggas neva seem, cus im where the money at
- any wig can be a chest wig!
Guarantee some homeless dude is hogging all the bandwidth looking at porn. Also, was that just your first tweet?
Thanks for the RT!!!
#ifidiedtommorow i would personally apologize to anyone i ever hurt
I see your problem. The embed code doesnt work right. There is a plugin for this type of stuff. Ill try to find it.
Great to hear from such an iconic person...Alison Mills Newman!
That Time magazine cover is making me thirsty.
"Failing to Enforce Immigration Laws" "Challenging Voter ID Laws"
I'm into girls. I'm not into experimenting.
At least it's not Ooblek.
I's craving a cookie!!
Looking at pictures of last nights party
I seriously hate when females hit me up on FB that i dont even know & ask me "yu still with So & So?" umm why do yu fuckin care
Why Nancy haven't you questioned that Weirdo Margie Phelps in what she said about the shooting deaths in Northern California?
Excited about tomorrow. Vote for real conservatives. Vote your values. I hope I've earned your vote in #nc09 !
Nothin just got done get N dress.
I need to go
lmao forreal people were like Wtf who's clothes are these?! Aha i think they should have 18+ once a month ;x just for kicks
Last day at the law firm. I'll be an assistant editor next week. Feels like graduation day all over again.
Save 51% for only $99 2 Hours of Moving With 2 Movers by All In A Box Moving
great job on your #WTC story tonight
thanks for sharing guys! Will we see you at the event on the 16th?
"I'm sexy and I...actually have a lot of insecurities on the inside and I know it."
Taking it to the juke joint tonite! Can't wait to sway &toe-tap w/Daddy Mack on the patio. Vintage cocktails avail. No moonshine though. :-)
i want to go to Los Angeles,California
Once again, my #Epson Stylus Photo R2400 is a badass. A public thanks to the guy who moved to #china and couldn't take it with him.
I like Dunn for a bounce back year pal.
Saturday night just might be that night >>
Ugh tell me why i got in my room and was about to check my facebook...-_- lame
You can't live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you. — John Wooden
The winners have been chosen! Emails with the ticket information will be sent to the winners shortly, so be on the look out in your inbox!
besides - the fact that #metrotwit has ads (I know it's free) is annoying me!
students says "being able to use the library or not makes a difference for a lot of students"
interested in donating any autographed merchandise for a JDRF auction in St. Pete? Really mean a lot to our auction. Thanks.
A sushi roll a day keeps the doctor away. With logic like that, who needs medical insurance? ;)
omg that's too late! >.< and ok
I love you more(:
Can I get some followers 2 make this more interesting
Game time in 40 minutes. Time to get
So sick of driving. I'm just ready for game time
lies and gin - sounds like so many of my dream outings.
I'm serious :p
Happy Friday to all! Wishing you a safe #St.Patty's Day celebration!
at some point in time, you get to watch and i slap each other with fish while arguing about city hall's architecture
you know what Sally? What doesn't kill you makes you stronger!
Caryn rooted her argument in a Christian's God-given gifts and calling, not in individualistic whims.
that stat kind of makes me sick to my stomach!
RT : Helton arrived early in AZ to workout. He weighs 220lbs Looks strong Not going to worry about back. Going to let swing rip...
Happy birthday!
@ wOrK, way to0 eArLy! thaNk gOd 2M0Ro iS fRiDay, 3day weEkeNd, wo0Oo0....!
CrocLog sessions. Maybe I'll record another today. I can't help it, that's the way that I am.
The Demands Of Occupy Wall Street | The Onion - America's Finest ...
Missed the train to London, stuck in lille for a couple hours. On a Sunday. Guess I can wander around and look at euro architecture...again.
Off to the set of the feature film, "A Late Quartet" Starring Philip Seymour Hoffman and Catherine Keener.
It's quality you need. Dirt daters are not quality :-)
yes he is okay. There was an accident at work, nothing serious. He needs stitches on his lip.
"Box office poison" is classic
is just
those are awesome!!! I'm totally getting a pair! Your so stylish and trendy tommy
In nineteen hours is Monday Night RAW!
Dang Wut was I bout to tweet
do some people really still start projects with cold fusion? are there actually people who want to use this? why???
A little late to the game, but updating my iPad to iOS 5...hoping everything is still intact when it's complete!
I'm trying to convince my wife to name our first boy Ryan Tannehill Driscoll, yep I have problems
T-minus 45 minutes until the #KCSRCP. Who is ready??
Hi. Interesting about curators and gatekeepers.
hahahahahaha....that made me chuckle here at work exposing my twittering 0.0
"when i tweet its not like I have to say anything people want to listen to" -girl in class talking about why she tweets not blogs..
Be on the lookout for new bloggers to MyCSU! If you're interested in blogging, let us know. E-mail . GO RAMS!
ipysBcrokjnW3 thanks for following me on Twitter!
had an amazing dayy (:
aren't you supposed to be in school and not on Twitter?? (:
Hard Rock's-Guitar Playing Contest (AxeOffUSA Prelims) are Saturday 12pm & we're giving away $3000. Artist entry and admission is free free!
Can this day end already!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Time for some water. If you just chug 8 oz right now, I'll leave you alone for an hour.
Just thinking of packing exhausts me (and unfortunately I have only boxed my books so far . . . the one's I'm not using right now, that is).
Thanks for friending us... love the pic ; - i
Tebow has a 5 complete pass in a Row. hands it to ball and gains 1 Yard.
eating candy and thinking why peope do stupid stuff
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that makes Your plug
you better come with it boy!!! No secret ....
Congrats to on the 3-1 win over Union at the Frozen Four. Former DU assistant coach Seth Appert is a proud alum.
Time to go back to sleep if I can
Thanks & for the birthday wishes!
check mine 2:)
School: Study hard, graduate, get a college degree, and still not make as much as
I am with Spry at Congress
RT eschatologists / count on calendars / to reveal / that our days / are numbered
I'm down for a chat. We could do a podcast or something.
OMG... Bruce Springsteen just body surfed! Lol
hungry as hell man
Please nominate your clients now for Philadelphia 100! Must have a full 3-year sales history with an increase in 2009.
Can't wait for the start of "Season Five" of Mad Men.
is ready for the freezing, cold weather! Ready for the Championship game: Texas vs Bama! Hook Em Horns baby!
"this feeling doesn't come along everyday And you shouldn't blow the chance When you've got the chance to say I love you"
Good Riddance
Just met with most of DC bound crew. Depart VVMS @ 4:30 AM. Before end of daay see US Cap, Lib of Congress, Vietnam Mem, Pentagon.
Are you working tonight?
Dear Desi trying to haggle at Lowe's ... um it's Lowe's not a car dealership! It's just low of you to haggle. Pun intended.
Right and wrong is really always what you make it. I understand my place, yeah I will live & learn.
Thanks for da love
Thanks for the like, Santiago Fonseca!
TV Review: Channel 4 finds Hidden Talent while King Joffrey sickens us in Game ... - JOE
people get married 30 years a part xD
Anyone know of great "community building websites?"
So, the Ch 5 news helicopter just flew over the house. I wonder what's going on.
I miss all of you dudes <3
You're welcome....Always Six!
you hear about WA possibly getting a new arena very soon?? Press conference tomorrow morning!
will win! He is a beast!
Has a
Reminder: New ICC Uniform Rules for Demand Guarantees (URDG 758) to enter into effect tomorrow. See ICC website.
I hate when someone tells me to calm down..that shit pisses me off even more..like seriously
Jury duty all day yesterday, reference desk all day today, graduation all day tomorrow. I don't exactly know what this is supposed to mean.
also, you are misinterpreting my sincerity for sarcasm.
Us women of course :) Luckily we have easy men that say just book and I'll go :)
You lucky I'm not a dj ...Gena, Murphy Lee, Tefpoe, Kas Da Bully, Reed Dollaz, Webbafied, Charles Hamilton ALL NIGHT!!!!
PETER AND THE STARCATCHER, starring Smash's Christian Borle, opens on Sunday!
Fixing a massively F-ed up spreadsheet to the soulful stylings of Beck's Guero.
did u join the iPhone family?
Are you gonna cosplay o.o
Feel like i been cleaning all day
that sux imma move so its gunna happen to me i just dont want to ruin our friendship he told me he thinks it would b risky
In live poker, I bet/muck with my left hand. Also, left side of the brain is analytical, but when I play online, my head leans to the right.
Thanks for volunteering to take photos at Twestival Seattle! We're excited to have you join us. More details coming this week.
Get better.
Create your own #CincodeMayo fiesta with chips, #homemadesalsa, and plenty of margaritas!
coming soon mymaxmuscle youtube
Just bought 's God, No!: Signs You May Already Be an Atheist and Other Magical Tales. Great way to kick off Lent!
nerd face, I even admitted to her that while making her watch I was at the last min gonna throw it in the garbage can instead
You know it's an issue when your therapist insists on limiting the amount of you watch.
Travel Break
Lets change the world
Beware of sharing ur whereabouts on these sites. There r those who r waiting 2 rob ur homes, or worse, they r waiting 4 u!
#AustinItWillRain Can't wait(:
Congratulations, Ryan!
Well, would you look at that? Would ya just look at it?
you mean when I get home? Ha
Pit in my stomach. Really don't want this game to turn out like the Pens game.
God could not be everywhere, so He created mothers. ~Jewish Proverb
I think I am..
Who is the best QB in college football that no one is talking about?
Dr. Hyman: The diff betw grief and major depression is a judgement call. There's danger/foolishness in diagnosing based on a checklist.
hey do u play ps3 online if ya do wat ur gamertag
Just busted. Debating about the rebuy option in the AM w 20bbs.
if u do go, be sure to try their gringas, absolutely amazing. Melted cheese along with add ins, best taco in town I think
I freaking hate waffle house.
Olympic swimmer whose movement was 'like a feather in the water' - Irish Times
RT : Moved on from Google Maps to GeoCommons. Good for different things, and still free.
did u follow me ?
i'm in !!! :D lololol totally random
I dont get it :\
Thank you Anouska for sharing a slice of my life with the CLS family. Its humbling.
Israel needs a Netanyahu that makes pro-Jewish & 'settlement' choices or we're better off. And, by the way, remove MoD Ehud Barak from gov!
There's been a whole lotta pots calling kettles black this week. It could be hypocritical. It could be racist. To this I have no response.
I have strong feelings about the heat death of the universe.
Omg you guys were my favorite dance crew I really wanted you to win :c
sitting #1 for the kiss 10 with so far tonight...text him the number 10 then your vote to 98500 NOW
I feel like you can't go wrong for 29 bucks, but I'm so comfortable with snow leopard
Good chatting w/h about business printing this morning. If anyone has any other questions, of course you can ask away on twitter
Selinsgrove is a fucking time capsule
You can never forget someone that gave you so much to remember.
agreed. You're welcome anytime!
fantastic work on Mazscara! Are you thinking of a print version? Nice looking comic.
all th best :)
I could use some white people in this house ;)
RT : you are so awesome!!!//Awe, thank U :) Come see me soon!
Appliances are dying in our home. First the fridge this month. Now, the printer is eating paper. May be time for another purchase.
Inside the Conservancy Wildlife Clinic: Window woes and amazing volunteers
How ya been? You doin bay2breakers?
“I don't hate you, I'm just not necessarily excited about your existence.”
What? I Dont Get It?
#Fences not just give privacy from neighbors, but add an accent to your landscaping
Dude. Where can you get those?
About to play at Smokin Tuna in Key West with Nothing like great music and sunshine!
Maytag Portable Air Conditioner units review - Mrkuple Blog - maytag portable air conditioner
Secret crush on Melanie Fiona
Lawd they done posted a clip of Dorothy Norwood singing "Brick House" Icant smh
haha oops.. I accidentally deleted my original tweet.
#CoachellaLive tune-yards pretty hot, with saxophones great sound
i am bottled, fizzy water and you are shaking me up
ha ha!
Im not condoning lying but not providing equal education to all can also be perceived as a form of lying: Legal segregation
You betcha--Loved it..and thanks for the coffee---very tasty!
Me too!! What you cooking me for dinner? :)
Why hasn't the NHL kicked that piece of shit Asham out of the league yet? I'm pretty sure he's done enough to ruin the respect in the NHL...
You're welcome! I didn't know there was a name for that vocal habit until I read your post.
I don't get it either 0.o
I love working with people in Hawaii - I'm sure i would be so much nicer to everyone if I was based there.
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend , and ! We hope you enjoyed your weekend in Cali!
"The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts." C. S. Lewis
no. and damn you for bringing it up.
"They made shots, we made turnovers. Not a good combination." Reasons to like Rick Carlisle.
Im always the bad guy, but somebodies gotta do it.
lol whoops forgot to tell you we left to UTEP and left the tickets with 107.5 LOL
I seriously need a new iPod
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may get to be a boss and work twelve hours a day. ~ Robert Frost
Love listening to on radio, get this man his own show!!
If he shows that he cares about you
Good morning! Today is a sunny day<U+266A>
wEekenD VacATioN here i come vineyard..........later people
Don't feel special. I only keep your number in my phone, so I know not to answer when you call.
AWWW poor thing! He really shouldn't feel bad, I mean a lot of people have no talent.
We can't wait! RT : #Topshop / #Topman announce their fourth flagship store in the USA at The Grove, LA to open Spring 2013 via...
Have fun with it!
New Phoenix Tote Board Total = $1,420,377!!! THANK YOU PHOENIX FOR REACHING OUR GOAL!!!!
is all over his twitter game this morning!
House music lover tonight is Colony ! No damn hiphop
That feeling of shame IS NOT unique to the Asian culture. I watched Oprah the other day when she interviewed the family members of notor ...
Just wanted to say you can always depend on Jesus. When the world, family members or friends, have let you down,Jesus never will!
Tonight, we're headed to my favorite place in the entire world - Firenze. Florence is a magical labyrinth of alleyways and hidden treasures.
Yo look I'm sagging - s'mear
RT : Amazing Org #sportsbiz & tackling #cancer RT : Hopeful to become beneficiary of #NSMN Sports Tackles Cancer
yepp! For the past week it's been pretty cold and rainy here! And I good at gymnastics hope ur well too! Xoxo
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 86
your not even following me .. ?
Did i not say i was gonna put up walls ?
Ugh I'm just not feeling it.
damn you, Ru, for breaking me like this. damn you. SHARON NEEDLES FOR THE WIN.
4th place in his 1st 2012 event! THEBEST Big shout out to who played awesome at the
My Fav. show is BEST INK
4 days of OSS. well, atleast i can sleep. (:
no that's not healthy Lol
At the gate for flight to SF0; will be landing at 3am EST, then I drive to hotel; no drinks aboard this flight with that flight.
me either
my frienemy is being so mean. but...i will stay strong right now. even though i am hurt,sad,and lonely.. i need comfort
oh oka I asked a little too late! Lmaoo
We have a solid API to develop against, but it would still likely be a good-sized project.
jet lag. Tomorrow we get more aggressive at the plate. Be the ball Danny
Listening to the Velvet Underground. Somehow, they always cheer me up. Demented, I know.
BUDGET WEEK: Amd #575 by Republican Rep. Lyons (R-Andover) eliminates ALL funding for family planning, HIV testing.
Twitter = lazy people afraid to pick up a phone and call someone
HELL NAH
your just mad because I keep Beating you in that game
because we (giants) got a ring!
RED SOX SUCK Already released from Spring Training… I guess yet another year will go by without me playing for the Red Sox.
this man listens to good music
Phewww buddy :) you are lookin purty fine in those wranglers if i do say so myself.
#InSchool I am always daydreaming about One Direction
Now I can relax and sleep with both eyes closed;)
Don't let a little rain spoil your fun! Be inside at Sierra Fitness for early am workout tomorrow--Kolb & Territory Drive. 520-577-9000
I Want Ha I Really Want
gonna go to the beach now :))
Yay - hope you win! :D
Such a cute picture!
thanks love!!
Think I need a ginger ale, that was such an
Are-you-ask-ing-me-a-quest-rian?
Wow! Brittany thanks for the shout out! Can't wait to see you Sat at the #CommunityARTreach event for !
qoing off the grid for a bit and reading David Lynch's little book has helped form list of ideas for restructuring Hansberry's story/stories
get to work egg
log in from a computer, go to settings on the upper right, and option to change password is there. should solve your problems
Lol oh okay :)
The problem of riding to school i get SLEEPY!
boo. I guess I'll have to wait.
it could be simply due to the condition and be enhanced as the brain ages. Just my unprofessional (yet) guess.
RT : Stick to digging Lil boy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
On Long Island, but this cold I have is awesome! Hoping 2 ride some sort of board btween Wed & 1/2/12 RT :
try doggystyle, it's a little more comfortable
Musical theater is about our communities and their diversity, so singing styles must be diverse.
On my way to the Small Museums Association conference! Packed in van with other MSST students headed to Ocean City!
I personally enjoy Good Morning Baltimore from Hairspray...but I'm a big ole homo.
When you are in love you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
really want to see Christopher Lawrence perform as HE IS THE BEST!!!
yo head look like the back of a toaster!
S0MEDAY and WONDERSTRUCK to be honored with Elizabeth Taylor fragrance celebrity award!! :')
To night was a night....I made it....
Blazers, c'mon
What's up?
it's another syfy show that's good
does your contract have a clause in finding shoots... If not try and start a model mayhem page to get more pictures
Lebron is still missing the clutch gene...huge missed free throws
I RT and voted! Good luck!
In & Out of Trader Joes in under 1/2 hr is a record for me! Onward to actual cooking :)
thanks again for the great Thai choices. Had a great time with my #jdmw friends. Back to the real world now!
It's never to late to live happier ever after
Definitely--Nine was an interesting direction, but 8 1/2 is a much superior film. Figured most people knew Nine.
Well hi there! What gets you up in the morning?
My hair is still wet, but I have today off and no plans.
ah "t dog" how could I forget that!
Only 3 more fans to reach 100 on Facebook!
Donate old/new shoes to the people of Haiti. Drop off at the Pella showroom,4801 Alameda Blvd NE, Albuquerque,NM-One day only, 1/21/2010.
With the 67th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Lance Berkman
It's a day for throwing big numbers around! VegasTowers has over 2 million downloads now and closing in on its 1 year anniversary
Even healthy ppl use reflexology: Waste products are formed in the body due to muscular activity, processed food, alcohol, smoking...
HAVE FUN!!! Send me pics I love you
we went downtown Orlando till like 4 it was a crazy ass night lol but fun
Have a great time! Thanks SO much for your good work today!
Bricks....all white bricks...off white bricks....white tan bricks...
I can tell you're lying because when you replying you stutter stutter stutter stutter
harden was at least 40% responsible for the elbow incident
And gunna rule the world ;D
if you're on Instagram, follow me at
Keep up the great work. Dezman!
watch out those downtown DC roads are confusing.
Seriously rain again today! Wtf mother nature!
Lei making and hula lesson today don't miss out the Hawaiian Festival with
I feel like you're hiding something from me.
there are some girls i just don't talk to much because i dont think i'm good enough for them..
You got my son Ronnie fucked up yo #pause #nohomo rt ": lol the cast doesn't even have cute bodies."
I hope you find out his secret
<3 SO lovely seeing you again last night. What an experience! Hope you had a great night and I hope I see you soon, dear! :)
its fine! I was shopping too! Lol
Don't forget that we arw open until Midnight on Fridays & Saturdays for late night goodness. Try our Soul Food Buffet all weekend
rialto beach was amazing. back and knees hurt, but happy sitting in qa DQ right now
Just Cooling It =)
Hey I found this old DVD of me and 2 other guys doing single ladies in pink speedos for #BreastCancerAwareness. #HOT!!
We have a bound galley of the new #Bacevich collection "The Short American Century" at the booth.
you can't make this up. only on the holiest of christian holidays.... in #PDX. I love this place :)
Every time that I see a shelf full of Moleskines, I want to buy one, despite the 20+ unused at home. Does that make me a serial killer?
MOMENT OF TRUTH | Frankie O
Pants are so 2007.
One step closer to becoming a Red Bull employee :)
Every white girl in America is trying to learn the cat daddy right now
RT : Nokia's UK Lumia failure at the high end almost as problematic as China collapse in mid & low.
Terrible. Rodriguez has faced the minimum after the 1st. Pedro led off with a single in the 4th and was erased on DP. Perfect besides that.
ONe of the best but people dont want to give me a chance, they want the same old people to perform, but im not going to let that stop me.
...There's plenty of room for everybody to shine; so stop hogging the light for yourself. Sad to hear given both cats are talented.
where are people watching the Champions League games in KC tomorrow?
Alma: Communication is so important united we will have force...
haha just tell me when :P
O_o to where?
Torture! The Chargers are winning, scoring well, and I can't see it.
I am this close to cutting my hair short. It's getting annoying.
The new Villain 9/3 combo #Vinylmation that were previewed today seems "off". Price and pic indicate it may be a 9"/Jr combo. Thoughts?
We must try to do the best with the limited resources that we have.
enjoys the first afternoon Radio Freedonia on wtju.net
New phone new number, fwm
My hello kitty hair brush is missing :(
Thanks baby girl :)))
Hey Taryn! Hope you had a wonderful day today! Just sharing some love & letting you know I cast 325 votes total today! :-)
Yuck. I suppose that's why they're "probable" matchups though. What's tomorrow afternoon look like there?
I have officially become a local celebrity thanks to &
The week after next is #eggweek. You know we have so many eggs in storage that they do not know what to do with them. [1944]
haha love ya
Today is the anniversary of the Boston Tea Party of 1773.
Cops just ruin my driving mood
#askariana Do you ever want to do movies?
No, jerseys are retired in the rafters rt : Is there a gold medal for being awesome?
I honestly think I'm a geek on the inside. :P
You can talk the talk but you cant walk the walk you play with fire your gonna get burned
Had a great time with the #SWFrance tasting. Looking forward to trying these tomorrow. Many thanks to and everyone involved!
Learned last night that a bill to ban the sale of "spice" and other dangerous synthetic drugs landed on the governor's desk at 3:30 pm yest.
bwahhhahahahahahahahaaaa! totally! RT : Hey Katy Perry, Rihanna called. She wants her outfit back.
is so picky.
You have NINE more days of school? I have like 20 more days of school /:
Austin-bound to install for ! Don't worry, I'll eat plenty of breakfast tacos for you if yr stuck somewhere less awesome :)
your great big welcome chloe i will always be on your side the Moretz side that is a bit ketche the moretz side ha i love it
www.creativity-unbound.com planning retreats in Jamaica & Hawaii. bookbinding/poetry,bookbinding/painting,bookbinding/encaustic painting
how u doin buddy?
Your life is not defined by intentions, but by actions. Act in #truth & in
If you live in Florida come out on the 14th and see us play with Junior Doctor at the Plaza Theatre
i do to
what do you mean proof. Grand jury report showed it how the grad assistant went to his house and he then reported to AD not police
Hey do you have that info for me on the green certification?
Thanks for the follow!!!
Hi Gene thanks for reminder!
Plan to Blog tonight about my garden. Right now though, it's time to tidy up around this place! Getting lazy!
Crossing my fingers for this car to check out with the mechanic!
retweeting myself? i finally see what you're talking about. how hysterical. i'll get this right some day.
haha no not free...now THAT would have been sweet!
hey! cool! thanks for the photo!!
Staying up til the birds started chirping was my way of saying I didn't want the weekend to end.
amen! Miss you!
Hell yes!
So happy u are doing well! Best wishes for the holidays and for the coming year.
do you sell physical CD copys of young Sinatra and could you sign for me? To add to the collection
Do this panthers
everyone in my family that's married met their spouse in high school...makes me wonder, have i #MetYouYet? cuz that would be weird...
yes I will
Yep, "maximize" and "optimize" are ridiculously overused.
What's that sound I hear? I think it's a bat shattering things in the clubhouse.
pretty as a picture, sweeter than a swisher.
Thank You for the information RT : how about Tito ?? Tito's Vodka? Austin, Tx.
Ditto that ": Ok yay finally.... Loved #fiat commercial during #superbowl"
Wordd that's what's up nigga keep doing what u gotta do ima go apply at ny 2
RT : Ready for those huskies tonight at the Cask
And this veggie wrap I bought from the chili's to go kiosk is Not Stylish.
Making Edmond very proud.I lived there for 4 yrs & graduated EMHS(only high school @ time jrs & srs.)Keep up the great work.
race and sexuality are not the same.
Eat or Be Eatin
Off to talk with about ethics with a DU library school class
you all totally didn't call me this wk end when u were n town
I'm thankful to have such a wonderful, loving mother in my life. I'd give her the world if I could
I'm really happy I made it , 2012 ;)
it's not even a full track just a 8.3 sec tape loop. But killin' it in da streets LOL
are you getting pumped??? HP7.2
Exciting new season starting Oct 11. See atlantawindsymphony.org
Pretty sure Mitt just told a crowd "There's a snake in my boot!"
dude.. don't let Jamie do that to you!! You're not old!!!
Two older folks at separate tables in this 1927 cafe are swapping stories about the place & how the n'hood has changed. I love heritage.
Turns out Umphrey's McGee isn't an Irish band after all! If you're curious, they're playing The Silverton tonight. ; )
Please don't attack. I'm just black with a snack. RIP
#FYI Two-thirds of the mobile phone users are using the backlight of their phone as a flash light. - productsusp.com
Learn how to successfully complete a case interview @ the Deloitte Consulting Undergrad Case Interview Workshop tonight, 5:30-7pm in MGC 200
AWWW!!! I love your twitter picture, so pretty!
Thanks for being a stalwart supporter of KUSC!
RT : Hey, let's all vote on each other's human rights. That's working out real well.
So is the Energizer Bunny. Just saying. :)
Haha, glad we could make your sons happy. Thanks for the shout out.
that goes both ways homeboy, we're runnin through some thangs in a month though fsho
Y or N: the Sheed-Sabonis towel-throwing incident was the moment the blazers decided to never win a championship ever again.
Good point, so what shd they be reporting? MT : m reminded how little public service there is in this genre of "reporting"
Girl telling her sad story to her group of friends in a quiet subway car - I think half the car is eavesdropping, whether subtley or not...
Yeah. I just think it's a really neat piece all around.
I do a bit but these days I'm usually maxed out and pass projects to others. I'll keep you in mind as well!
that's not cool-___- better regulate!
Finished Carpathia a couple days ago, review up in 2 or 3 days. Starting Kultus by Richard Ford from Video review to follow.
yes, I've been so busy at work (12 hr days) that there's been no time for much of anything else.......
That awkward moment when your stomach gurgles loudly during the most quiet situations"
homework and do I know u?
+1 #getjimmyontwitter : We'll drag Jimmy in at some point. Enjoy movienight."
Has anyone else had their rearhatch on their break from just opening your hatch?Happened to me and Scion gave me some BS story
Night stud!
Gotta get a mothers day gift , I'm slippin'
It's so sunny out! Can't wait till it warms up! I think it's going to be a dog park kind of day for Benny
Why is life so stressful????
This article about Carnitine is very interesting to me but way over my head
Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction.
you get those bad boys at Target?
i wouldve waited till later rounds, i wouldve went ingram instead
and no comments?
Hey!! how bout a facebook photo contest. Post your best Fish Pictures from this year. Winner will get something cool.
Omw to waste 75 minutes of my life...
Just woke up, I'm still kinda tired and I don't even sleep late. I'm usually up at 8
Idk what ima do wen I leave tx & dnt have lunch w/ my mom :/ ima miss it
My mom was always asleep during the day, and dad was studying at night. TV was all mine. :)
Today in 1998, 98 Degrees releases their sophomore album, '98 Degrees & Rising' with the hit single "Hardest Thing."
never since you called me a jerk, jerk. (;
WHAT TUNE IS THAT!?!?! HOLY SHIT!!!
I'm going to be so freaking productive today omg omg
i care :c
treyarch vs Infinity Ward??!?
Sunny days look brighter through clean windows, so tackle the grime that winter storms have left behind on interior & exterior windows now.
dunno, sadly, Hop on Pop et al dominate my reading list these days.
well that was quick O_o ...apparently i maybe at bleeker or cary st. deli
But tittles like that take half the tweet.
Sounds wonderful. We hope you have a good one :)
In life you live,learn,and teach
Need something delivered to Brownsville, TX from Harlingen, TX.....CALL US! 877-52-5737
They moved so fast with the demolition! One day the bank was here, the next, gone.
What store did u get the 1D magazine?
this 16hr shift tomorrow. That's what's good. lol
- DoAble. Peggy N "just happened" to be at A Voce the evening that CNN welcomed Spitza & KP. She walked over to intro herself
Brilliant! I want to frame this. (and wish i'd had a friend like Noel long ago)
Hi Carolyn, thanks for the follow! All the best with your mag in 2012!
You do not define who you are, your relationships with others define who you are.
Cool little read. America's 10 Biggest Beer States fb.me/L48aoN1u
punch my ticket cuz I'm ready to go. Snooped thru your YouTube video. Good morning Milly! Wake me at the next stop conductor
1. Plug up holes in ur AC unit w/ plastic film, foam or caulking. This boosts insulation around older windows where drafts are most likely.
The Hillman Center for Performing Arts presents programs of excellence that represent Pittsburgh's cultural traditions. www.thehillman.org
What is your favorite Fragrance?
Hi Emilie--request for acct creation is in our current work queue. Should be soon. :)
I'm seeing The Avengers tonight! I'm seeing The Avengers tonight! Ah excited.
Used the mew glitch to catch a Lv. 7 Blastoise, then used it to see a missingo and get so many rare candies. I now have an awesome Blastoise
Marriage Plot is a great romance itself.
They always say the best booze is the booze that you have.
450+ different Android devices in the US, all with different screen sizes. Find your target customer, then develop app
wash your booty lol
Take heart! I sent this around to the strategy ladies at Mullen earlier today. Nerd love is true love!
worse then that human centipede movie? Because that took things to a level I wasn't ready for....
Goodmorning tweeps...have a productive day today!!
Its cold!!!
I needed to draw a map today and though I might need some advice. Hope your day today is "Map" free and peaceful.
I try no to think about you :/
ELIZABETH Olsen. Not one of the twins, but she's my fave. Also Hysterical. Watch S1E2.
To my song your so hypnotizing and every time I look at you I fall in love all over again I know I'm not alone I would never treat (cont.)
Me neither. Jee-bus..it's business not personal lol
If you attempt to be a contrarian I will condemn you and say "the world doesn't need *that* many contrarians"
I know we have some craft beer enthusiast supporters. Let's make it happen.
Thanks Debi! RT : My husband and I love Oz. Rob & Elyssa from introduced us to it. We're hooked!
lol just hit me
tumblrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr is so cool <3 but its blocked in school.
...........but I thought I did really well on my research paper
I get those all the time. Block. But I also see them sucker one or two usually for a RT... *sigh*
Testing---okay test their creativity & allow them to use technology virtual real and create/do not paper/pen! Multiple intelligences ppl.
Fun! So happy to be there! It was fabulous~
Jackie will be live tweeting her response to the SOTU tonight. Follow
It's true that I was the one who walked away, but it's also true that you did NOTHING to stop me.
doing good man. Caught your show at Metro btw. It's good man.
Belive In Yourself Everyday Day And Night. You Can Do It If Set Your Mind To. If Martin Luther Had A Dream. So Can You.
Wrote a $3000 check today, made me feel kinda baller
It's really fun reading but make sure you clear your weekend.
that's fine. Perry is bigger and faster then Matthews I'll take it. Hockey guy stick to hockey. Football ain't your thing
enjoyed on peer instruction at Notre Dame
Had fun at our cheer/zumba class(; haha.
Well, I guess that's that then.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
i really want it please!!
Some people should give me some good ideas for songs! I would appreciate it! :)
people talking about shit I know nothing about
In Philly listening to #freedomfriday with my cuz on the #SHMS . Come on somebody...
Step 1: Join twitter. Step 2: Watch twitter become real life.
oh yes! for a VERY long time! #loveyoubeautiful <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I went to bed at 745pm but dont tell anyone lol xx
I love this bit where John King manipulates this map.
At first you were cool but then you turned into a bug-a-boo, ugh!
Good insight! Hope all is well. Going to NHL draft?
Mechanically separated turkey...whaaaa?
I'm really ugly when I eat Lunchables.
what do u mean
Ha! Who did you think was Tatum?
ya sister boss office lol
Hi, I'm Delon and idk if you know me or not but I'm your biggest fan. Itd be really awesome if we could Skype or do a song(:
same here....my family's been here so long I'm both comfortable here and obligated to this state
RT : Greg McCoy averaged 30.6 yards on kickoffs at TCU. Maybe he got the coveted "blue" grade.
Studio with knocking out another song
I just got lettuce on my cookie :(
haha its ok :)
Swept the series on seniors last day. 17-1 home record this season!
Milwaukee Wisconsin land of the CheeseHeads
RT : Scott Walker camp announces he'll participate in two debates: May 25 & May 31
perhaps they are still holding out until the convention unfolds or a deal of sorts???
I like to imagine that Joanna Newsom is four thousand tiny Joanna Newsoms coming together to form one precious human being.
I don't remember, but she looked completely bored and distracted. So there's hope for !
Definitely a boat scene. But so many versions its hard to say. did a great essay on Arkadin versions.
I better get to work NOW if I wana see Twist, MB, and Jacob!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Cook me!
Found you! Now you can join in from another part of the building when and I live-tweet
I was actually thinking that minutes ago...how about for the Kindle Fire?
thanks for the mention!
that sounds great. Wish I had a glass
as long as you keep a beater running, its worth more than the salvage value.
Can it be June 10th yet?? I need me some
#UFConFUELTV is gonna be awesome,after all a Korean Zombie is fighting!
how quickly i forget im Yours.
New newsletter up!! Check it out at triskelionsociety.com/tssmain
Happy earth day! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083>
Love and prayers to Whitney's family. I have no words, just tears!
Al Trautwig's looking more and more like J.K. Simmons every day.
A huge thanks to for Skypeing with my class today. You are a rock star!!
Thanks for the support over there in Oklahoma! Shine responsibly!
awesome! have fun!
A bit of #traffic getting into Tropical Park! Love this turnout!
5:41 w/o a bucket. Ugh.
get your order in soon! (for lunch pickup) If you talk to a Kathy there, that's my sister (she's offc mgr). :) 312-467-6868
I really hope my lefthandd be okay ! =(((
new follower!!
Meet us at bro!
thank you Heather!:-) happy weekend!
Good Morning! Have a great day! :-)
For 37 years my 1963 Selmer Mark VI tenor sax has sat here loved but unplayed. It's time for it to find a new home. Details anyone?
Genius is being able to understand the essence without having all of the information. Genius is the ability to see through to the essential.
Government asks high court to review Jackson 'wardrobe malfunction' - CNN
Stick with it for a month or two. You'll still go back but you'll find a lot more to like.
Dropped off a car rental 2day & customer svc dude was hot! Inspected the rental & said "Ok no stains." Me: Not yet ;) He smiled & blushed.
For the actual media wizard title at the top, what did you do? Some kind of filter?
Gehring“Ryan budget turns centuries of Catholic teaching on its head Catholic leaders are tired of faith being misused for an immoral agenda
Thanks! Take advantage of our May promotion - rate us on Yelp!, show your server & free glass of house wine or soft drink.
well Audioslave is RAGM just with Chris Cornell singing, so instrumentally theyre the same...its just a preference of singer
PODS® The Best Moving & Storage Idea EVER!™ Call us today and find out why.
Thanks for the follow!:) #appreciation Wishing you
Pretty sure I'm gonna move to Montana just so I can get their cool bear license plate for my car
Thanks so much for the follow, fantastic luck with the CD. Woo hoo!!
Also big announcement tonight at #revive12 from & Possible $1,000 scholarship drawing may be a part of that..
Winning free nail polish makes every Tuesday better. Thanks, !
thank you very much .. how can i go about doing that ?
I used to be sick at it... Then I stopped playing for some reason...
Inviting you to the SuperFund Media Launch at The Mind Museum on May 17, 10 am - 1 pm. More info/RSVP: .
Haters Gonna Hate, Mahomies Gonna love.<3
RT : I think I need an egg // Someone give this woman an egg!
Barber shop 1st
Organic Ethiopian Sidamo and Radiohead. Taking bitter coffee and pop-nihilism and having a stare down with the Monday morning blues
All I can think about is getting a new tattoo to celebrate 2012!! Maybe a quote, or a tiger since I was born in the year of the tiger :)
Have a new release coming out soon. Maybe. Prolly.
Had a great time recording a pocast with and ! Stay posted for a link. :)
already headed the other way to across the freeway. I'll connect when i go the other way. Thnx
SAKIRI Vodka the World's First Ultra Premium Asian Vodka Launches in Atlanta marking the Chinese New Year.
Everybody Tell Me I Can Do Better
New menu next week!
Absolutely!! RT “: see you 2013 at the Berlin Marathon :-)”
Thanks for following
Turned on to immediately hear some which is a good thing any day.
Heading west to secret society of summer session directors annual meeting
I've never felt this way before.... :/
That would be sustainable and AMAZING lol.
Just cleaned the chalk boards and clapped the erasers out side! Kaylyns partty tonight ! WOO !
at work. Hi Michele!
That Awkward Moment when you think is following you but its just a poser :/ with the real Jenna would follow me :D
Thanks for putting this symposium together. I really enjoyed it!
I wanna kiss you good morning
That Shit Come On A Cone
that picture is too cute!
#NikkiHaley's union busting working. More SC jobs at lower cost. More friends now have BOTH jobs they need to survive. It's working great!
the new album is fantastic … as usual
Independent music is finally in strongest position it has been in years!
Of course! And yeah I know what you mean.
We don't even get direct deposit. Hell we can't even keep our tips because its "against company policy"
And he redeems himself. Still not happy about that walk - inexcusable for the situation.
taking Sydney to a Cooking class, then to Dads & Daughters night at the LA Sparks game! Thanks Rhonda!
My gorgeous new icon was made by & (:
#BBW And ghetto and messy and a hater!
I am so very sorry for your loss, tragic death. If you want to share memories with LA public radio show this AM message me.
that would work! do you have any metallic shoes? that would also go with grey well.
What kind of idiot let's their dog out to bark at 2am..can somebody, anybody tell me that much. Obviously I'm trying to tweet here!
Ahh, I did not know about this screen! TY. Is this normal? How can I upgrade my kmemsize?
Anyone have any reviews of the new #HarryPotter and the #DeathlyHallows movie?
Think you know Jonas? #alwaysajonasfan quiz the experts on Jonas
They say hates a crime. What about love. Love hurts me way more than hate does. -Nickster
Looks good! Let us know if you need some screenshots from the new app...
Lol my mom just called this lady kid ugly on the low just now lol She said it's a chunky lil thing...Most ppl say u gt a cute baby lol
I wrote my first official blog this weekend. Check it out on www.evehonthaner.blogspot.com.
piss me off... See what happens when I corner you and tell you being mean isn't nice!!!!
Happy Mother's Day
Romantic couple walking in the hospital while one is attached to an IV. Breaks my heart.
Looking for some #Vegas promoters. Are there any out there?
Until 5 p.m. Disregard what the fine print says.
I won't chase you anymore, I'll wait for you to chase me ; so run baby run <3!
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business. – J. Paul Getty
goin four places for christmas.... my dads, my friends, my aunts, and then home
At Monterey Bay Aquarium and it's not raining!
haha...I finished last night and thought the exact same thing. May just start over now.
$5 for non members
Hahahaha I'm so excited c:
you know the terrible thing is everyone worships you but no one knows how much of a creep and loser you are
She wasn't "too lonely"--implying that I do not constitute full desired company.
Old Man Brown @ Bayou in D.C. TONIGHT! Show starts See you there!
<3 U Here is to us catching those dreams
Thanks for the kind RTs and mentions - much appreciated! :)
Generally speaking, having a healthy heart is a choice. What's yours?
who could be better than me?
Hey Nicole I'm Sleepless in Seattle!
i'm in shape, because being round is considered a shape :3
The next step is only one step. What is one thing you are willing to do to move towards your dreams & goals?
I can be a wonderful rhetorician when I need to be.
are we having fun at my expense? LOL!!!
Obama has just clearly declined to use his power and influence to protect or fight for gay people on this issue, which sucks.
Get Chalmers the fuck out man... tired of his dumb ass
Smh can't take the kid its all good though
got up good aint nobody here like wtf i been must be on the moon..
Was introduced to music by Snatam Kaur yesterday. It's heavenly ... soothing to the soul.
My money's on you winning the Rumble.
Excited about the newest Badger! Welcome to Wisconsin, Danny!
Carl is a idiot
Oh, so the old girlfriends won't see pics with the new girlfriend....LOL!
'Stranger in Moscow' definitely not one of MJ's best.
Ari's Live Chat is Today! Who's Tuning in?! (: xx
there's a cat in the office... that counts, right?
s/o to ryan umm u is fine!! s/o to all the peep tryna get married off ppl they met on twitter
hitchin' a ride with the mexi's?
and what would that be?
This is Shanahan we're talking about here. Even money says Torain finishes the next game.
Just smile today, no matter what, everything will be better
I didn't know that either!
love to help. Whats your domain name?
you got way better stuff than I did.
Cute pictures of androgynous animals are not good restroom signs.
You may be a pretty bitch, but you're still a bitch.
It's the first of the week and you know what that means... Deals until the cows go home! College Night starts @ 5. See you then ;-)
working on a building my website
Wanting to eat everything I bake<<<<
well said.
I'm pretty sure I'm going. What time does it start?
Mobile payment capability will be targeted by malware, malicious apps.
Gametime baby!! UK by double digits!
Heading over to speak at Jot Travis building at U Nevada-Reno campus at 11:15. All students welcome.
Down goes United. Another Manchester team down in the FA Cup.
Just kill't this slices of cheesecake..... ugh my weakness!
My desk looks like a tornado blew by
We're Hiring!
Great running into you today, Wesley! Good luck finding that interview... ;)
The Word of God is useful for 4 things. Teaching! Rebuking! Correcting! Training! (2 Positives and 2 Negatives)
okies, enjoy dinner
You're asking me what's wrong with that photo? I'll tell you! It's perverted like you,that's what!
I'm in love with you but this is not tennis
Thanks for the #ff!
so glad to hear tweetheart
I think it is one of the few reasons that I would travel to Virginia
come on
My job today; create as-built drawings of a parking garage. New one for me.
Just added three more live play questions on Sporting Explore.
READY SET GO.
Thanks for the reminder! always good to keep perspective about how others perceive what we do as musicians...
After days and days of begging my mom finally decided to take me to get the magazine is in I think I'm in love<3
Crazy's more like it.
specially with they shirt off , smh
same here :)
To be fair, longtime Onion fans said the same thing when it left Madison/moved to New York
The First Person to RT this will get A MAJOR shout Out :)
thanks for the follow :-)
thanks for the battery that was clutch. Appreciate you pal
Buying 3 cans of kayak for a dollar only to realize you still got ripped off <<<<<<
Aw, I like them all :)
#Home Sweet Home. Feels so good after 14 nights away. Snuggled in fresh clean sheets with my sweet lil Yorkie Emme.
Alright, we've surpassed 200 likes! Thanks for liking White Bear PR and stay tuned for news on all our incredible clients.
There is genocide happening in Syria, woman and children are, activists are being tortured to death.
It took me forever to find salt for my avocado snack this morning. Ugh!
I've had a twitter for too long, I sweaa.
why is someone coughing at the end of New Day
if you guys are home you guys should come up to Niu
Eternity is not something that begins after you are dead. It is going on all the time. We are in it now.
um your family will always be there for you.
I find it ironic the colors RED WHITE & BLUE representz freedom until there flashing behind you
TR talking about citation analysis, more links between #strataconf and #Beyondthepdf waiting for the big data part...
Thanks for your support!
#sotellmewhy im so in love with you ")
THANK GOD for !
So pumped for you guys to reopen beta! Can't wait to see if I get in!
Beauty is power; a smile is its sword.
BC baseball is in quite a battle with FSU now, tied 5-5 in the 9th
": White parents diagnosed their children with "ADHD"...Black parents diagnose they kids with "SYADS"(SitYoAssDownSumwhere)"
so my names Giselle, and ima huge Austin Mahone, and Justin Bieber fan.
I keep going cross eyed at my phone unintentionally.
the cheesy smiles i give in the hallway >
Don't forget to tweet with the hashtag #KennyChesneyinPDX for a chance to win a pair of Kenny Chesney tickets!!!
Thank you for the kind endorsement!
Life is to short to be upset...so smile :D
After auditioning for Norman Steinberg,I got Cast in his upcoming SAG Pilot Trailer Shoot "RED HOOK" in the role of YEVGENI. Happy Holidays!
thanks for that fav blog shout out Chick!
out waiter at roots tonight was a south african that had lived in australia and new zealand and graduated from madison.. new bff? um yes
S/O to the new follower !!(: #MustFollow :)
I party too much & I don't care
I'm not going tomorrow lol. I have a softball game
ha, i do, and don't worry, it's funny :)
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Lead Actor, Non-Res Production goes to... Sahr Ngaujah
Hands off Fellaini! | The Transfer Tavern | Where football transfer ...
I'm tired of the muthafuckin Jacking.......sweating my gang while I'm chillin in the shackin.
Did you know Steve Harvey is the host of Family Fued?
80% of U.S. companies think they have excellent client service but only 8% of their clients agree.
Speak when your angry and you'll make the best speech you'll forever regret.
U can miss me wit dat bullshit
$6,000 of equip stolen from health sciences. Look for this week's crime blotter in tomorrow's issue of by
We are so excited to have you! RT : I am so excited about on Sunday!!!
What do you like the most about the Super Bowl? The football game? The ads? Something else? You name it!
durant is good!!
Found great $1 prices at #DollarTree today on veggies: 5 cucumbers in a bag, a "bunch" of bananas, celery, spinach & tomatoes! Blend & drink
"a kansas of jayhawks"
Looking for a good realtor in NY any suggestions ?
neither do I, especially in NYC.
WTF is this?
Damn straight, this feels good.
fadders down a classic close out
Man what i want cant be put on twitter...
Oh, Twitter. Your trending tweets are so classy.
If you are a competitive person,that stays with you,You don't loose it, You always look over your shoulder"-Magic Johnson
Hey , check out your tweets in our last issue of the semester!
don't make me tell twitter lmaooooo
Happy New Year
Right back at ya!
Throw it in the bag Mayweather wins
Speaking of last night's rain, the chance for thunderstorms returns tonight through tomorrow evening across NJ.
Wow. Thought for sure this was the year for the #Flyers after taking down Sid & the #Penguins. Never thought they'd be dusted by New Jersey
My "BE" is a smile is worth more than anything...that's my "BE" today...
I can't wait for tomorrow!!! The Lying Game Starts!!! lol :)
Wife's 15yr old cousin posted a pic on fb of a group of half naked kids doing coke off each other while they watch Skins how is this ok?
It feels like that B-Side belonged on that album. The transition flows crazyy well.
#AlexFollowMe (: it would make my day! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
SexTip: Practice bringing your partners desire up and then moving away from the area targeted, tease her until she can take no more.
Considering my strategy for testing out #googledrive vs. - without disrupting my finely tuned system...
I haven't been on Twitter much
RT: really enjoyed playing the all in or fold event with you last week. Your craziness was very entertaining! > What crazyness ;)
follow me pliss
ZABALETA!!!!!!!!!! first goal of the season and what a big one it is!! One step closer to the cup!
Hello and Good Morning from the AFL League Office
some girl just stopped walking, took off her flats, and put on huge ass stripper heels
I was born to be famous <3
Procrastinators. Yikes! 10/15 tax deadline. Jewish Holidays. Oy! Too much to do, so little time. Quiet & steady work summer/fall over!Tired.
Wishing Ted Williams much success in Rehab and a bright and shiny future! UR Hollywood!
Hppy new yearWoohoo 2012 here we come ;) I hope.its a.better year! Ball going.down happy.new year
When people vent real life stuff on twitter, it just looks raggedy.
it was just an option, loll
no problem! :)
Thanks for watching!
Who's down for box seats at a #Cyclones game? ???
Me too
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.
Can't wait for our stickers to get here... Coming soon to a lamp post, bar mirror, and exterior wall near you!
Walmart usually has cheap exams. That's if you can stomach going there
Seeking real estate agents for San Jose, Ca...expanding our offices please tweet info.....
Maybe we should make one!
Eliminating all existing inventory. Buy now and you could save up to 50% off wholesale pricing.
Got the job at Menards! Can't wait to start there! Found my summer job lol
Thanks Univision62 & Leslie Montoya for recording an interview today with YLA16 artist Alejandro Sanchez! Look for it Friday morning-
#emosesh Porkchop and the Liz miss you already
TGIFood! What are you grilling this weekend? RIBS!
Great song!
I want a snow day. *pout*
"It's God's plan." Free will does not justify years of physical and mental abuse. Retribution balances the scales.
The HHS Mandate decreed by the President is an affront to our religious liberty
Ohio State's men's basketball team to play at Duke on Nov. 28 in the Big Ten/ACC Challenge.
So true ;) man our mind just think alike, and click;D
but they lost my test results , so i had to take the test again.. meeehh
I'd like to solve the puzzle Alex...is it "Multivitamins are cheaper, but they suck"?
1min left omg please
do you have to buy tix to be at the #Mayweather/Cotto weigh in and is it at the MGM also
Hey guys, trying to clean up who I following. Lot of us don't talk any more so I going to start deleting. DM if you want me to stay as frnd
A true friend is someone who is always there for you no matter what even when they are so busy with their own life.
At the Mondrian networking with directors
good for you, too bad are founding founders didn't take that approach we could still be england
Yes justice should be blind. But prosecutors shouldn't go to trial thinking the defendant may not have done it.
follow this fine man on instagram 'TheJakeThrupp'
The only thing that surprises me more than how like my mom I am is how like my dad I am.
I BEEN ROBBED
welcome to twitter, Jane...
Halloween I is a terrible film.
IN THE CHILLMOSPHERE
Hope to see at the 5/24 #Patch talk at
sorry, I keep on meaning to email you back about it, but finals have made my life crazy. I will soon!
No matter how ugly, lousy or stupid you look, there<U+FFFD>s always a person who wouldn<U+FFFD>t care how you look because they want you to be you.
The boys are off to America! Have a #safeflight1D <3
it still says i dont have any followers..:(
RT Resentment is letting someone live rent-free in your head. Forgiveness is handing that person an eviction notice!
That's the fight I like to see Lucic. #Caps pushing &cross checking before the Faceoff, Lucic pushes back and #caps fold like cheap suit
who's "we"? Newspapers? People interested in inquiry about the world around us? People who engage in analysis?
S/O to everyone that was crazy enough to recommend me to their followers today on
Phew. Last day of finals! Congrats to everyone for surviving, and special Congrats to all the graduates!
“: BREAKING: US current account deficit falls to $110.3 billion, lowest level since end of 2009. -EF” nothing surprises me anymore :-(
Yea to Aerosmith. They are the US's greatest rock band, period. I proposed to my wife at an #Aerosmith concert.
Nice complement RT He said I looked like Jessica Rabbit!
nice profile pic! I think you are 16 now tho ;)
WATT....THAT SHIT WAS GOOD
#flacon2012 Conflict isn't a bad thing.
A Girl worries abt
I think he made his account private, which would explain being unable to read his tweets.
So lonely right now!! :/
#SHOUTOUT to follow her!
It sounds really disgusting to me! Too much food is not a good idea... and I LOVE food! But quality >>> quantity. Always.
YEAH BUDDY!!! BOUT TO BOOGIE OOGIE OOGIE AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!! I BEEZ IN THE TRAP!!!!
Thank you for your generous donation Jack and I appreciate the support!
i Been through lots of bullshit with guys & u dont see me goin bi or lesbian! u girls needa quit actin like thats a fuckin trend!
:O ...your life is perfect! I thought I saw a pic someone tweeted of him at a high school in australia!
Think Like A Woman, Act Like An Entrepreneur Think Like A Woman, Act Like An EntrepreneurHow To Break Free From The Shackles
I love to sing!
In Queens where I belong<3 :]
keep grinding bro
No!!! Typical Jack! Alcoholic.
No wonder nobody's ever heard of this place.
Don't get me wrong. I loved "Hangover." Probably the best comedy I've seen since "Superbad."
sayin' Hi! Will watch Hot in Cleveland later this evening!
Thanks! Easy & awesome = the best.
xylophones are instruments, if you didn't already know that.
Throw money in the air like i dont really care yeah standin on a chair like i dont really care got bitches by the crib im ballin in em yeah
it has been a long time! I live at school now since I'm student teaching and bball is over!
follow us selena :D
I know right !!! Their story broke my heart !!!
ClouD#sc2 That's why he's the smart terran not stupid #protoss kid.
I don't know about the Phils this year...
Special welcome to the lovely ! Thanks for following us! We really enjoyed our music supervisor session with you.
Sweet Muse pop-up bake shop officially scheduled for April 1st, 4:30-9:30pm at Manhattan Theatre Source.
Thoughts on the finale?!
Disappointment Comes With Acceptance
I have never been so fucking stressed out in my life -_________________-
In the words of , "Batavia, here we come."
just rode from lafayette back to west oakland, about 26 miles with the Oakland hills in between. My first time getting up and over the hills
Dear #nyu counseling office, if you are trying to make me not want to kill myself I highly recommend changing the radio station.
#SouthernFriedStings is the single most staged "reality show" I've ever seen. God, this is SO fake!
Mayhem around Hollywood today for the half marathon luckily there is always more than 1 farmers market in a day in Los Angeles
I hear you're asking all around if I am anywhere to be found. But I have grown too strong to ever fall back in your arms.
ha I woke up and that picture was pulled up on my phone. I loled
Lol. Because its not real chicken.Dwl
Look at the # of #teachers #tweeting right now. Not getting paid. For Free. Because we care about #edu. #edtech via
Random follow: I'm married to a nontweeting Kevin Phelan. What if you make the same jokes & eat the same cookies? (hydrox)
Happy Friday! RT : Happy
When planning your child's birthday party, dont forget that Ray Parker, Jr. and Rat Porker, Jr. are very different types of entertainers.
Recent Followers, thank you!
My gf finally got a twitter !! :D
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace. -
Ok I'm going to need for everyone to stop assuming I listen to hip hop cuz I just don't.. Thanks!
"Brevity is the soul of wit." - William Shakespeare
HARVARD SQ: COCONUT-ALMOND IS BACK! STILL HAVE SALTED CARAMEL! SO EXCITED, MUST TYPE IN ALL CAPS!
Yesterday. RT : "Let It Be"? RT : Quick, what's the most covered song in history? Hint: It's a Beatles song.
Snacks are my drug of choice.
UP Up and AWAY
So, if I understand Florida Law, any black male in Florida is justified in shooting a racist-looking white dude who approaches him.
im round the circle area
Thats what I surmised... everything else was MONSTER thick! #samechannel ( cc )
oh hey there!
Too funny! "Fine mom, I'll make your flyer..."
Think & DO tank is needed
I feel so bad that Drose is out for the rest of the season. All the other wonderful players will have to step up and win the
kiss my fucking ass!
! is running a fun media campaign. Let us know what you are doing right now. Hashtag it #UWRightNow!
Thanks to for the RT and mention!
BTW I will be sending you a 30-day proposal by Saturday at noon for you/
Love is better then sex but safe sex is better then a std
I CANT SLEEP
Know anything about those strange lights in LA last night around 630/7pm, above Hollywood? Someone said it was parachutes.
Don't wish your life away.
That pain you feel when your crush asks out one of your friends... Right in front of you.
you know you want to sing it!
I strongly support call today to increase quality and quantity of child care slots for kids across this country. She is a hero!
“When words lose their meaning, people will lose their liberty.” – Friedrich Hayek
I'm only doing 2 shows this year, but I'm psyched!
when I wake up I have to pee. it is my routine ok. don't HOG THE BATHROOM
Whatever You can Do, or Dream you can, Begin it! Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it ~ Johann Goethe
precious fur baby
Does obama really think he's gonna win this election? Even if he is in support of same second marriages, he's still not mitt romney
The awkward moment when ur talking to ur cousin about how smooth ur legs feel after shaving and ur bro asks if guys sometimes shave legs too
Karma is a bitch.
That's about the size of it. I'm gonna bring the door down. If we're reading it I better sit down. Better get our of the road son.
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong
I had hazel when I was 27. but still so many theatrical reactions that I "can't be" the mother of a 12 year old.
you wanna stop by after 5 today?
Right on!
Go rangers!!
I'm scared ;0
I like what I'm hearing:)
no its not
solution ... eliminate sat delivery service could save billions over the long term. Sell the service to a private co ie UPS!!!
it feels good knowing that at least someone cares even a little about me.
not strange if you're flying united. that's just the way they treat their frequent flyers.
Let us know how Ananda LA can serve you.
: I was going to say HARVEY meets BRAZIL but then I realized that's just DONNIE DARKO.
savoring? really, is that what we're calling it?
strikes again with servers down in downtown San Diego. Can ? 2nd time in Feb I've lost cable/Internet; now phone
Martin Hanzal scores at 15:09 of the second period to put the #Coyotes up 2-0.
There is no way I will watch Azarenka play Sharapova in an #Ausopen final - at least not with the sound on. UGH!
You mean the loyal ones or the frontrunners? Most L.A. fans fit into the latter category.
Wat a great day today
Watching this all star game reminds me why I really quit watching the NBA years ago
FRAN-CISCO...oouuuu, that fun to say!
follow ? Also for a butt you have alot to say lolol
Happy Mothers day Mommy! <U+2665>
lol did you pass ?
ha! thanks for the rt!
she typically only likes it when she's mostly asleep, otherwise it becomes a "hug and bite" kind of scenario.
an the funny thing it's me haha ugh
Trip me out when #Producers got dey beats up wit no download! Nigga I'ma download da shyt anyway.....#BeatJacker!!!
Registration opens in 5 min for #nntc11. Take your time getting to Cincinnati. First session starts at 2:30, evening at 7:20
Sal, know you must be very sad today - hope HS lets you talk about Beastie Boys Monday.
RT: Life is the most spectacular show on earth.
Watching the Thunder play the Spurs, hopefully we are gonna see the thunder come back and win the game
I KNOW you arent trying to start a fight, Jordy. Let's take this outside.
RT : You can't change the past but you can change the future.
just did my laundry - that's reason enough to believe that miracles do happen
Russell Brand...suck off this hot performance! Damn Katy!
Fourth of July weekend ! So many great things going on Stop by and watch the game!!
i can't make it up to Seattle but if you make it down to Portland let me know
Tough break RT About to sit down Samberg and tell him he's not going to play the President. This part of the job is never easy
until they produce real pictures of OBL and a real birth cert I agree
and finally we get the list!
now i am really starting to hate this not having a phone thing. :(
take a shirtless picture
#np phantom planet - s/t. if you've never listened to this record, please do yourself a favor and do so.
congrats on the job! Where and doing what?
I'm hungry lol and I have, a bf not to b mean but I don't want to get you in trouble!
how u doing today
has the fire off hamilton pool been contained?
Yeah, playoffs start next week in the league that I'm 1st place in. It'll be tough going without Forte tough
I'm just sitting around waiting for her to sit around and wait for me..
Subsoil live on with a didgeridoo!!!
I got it from the dolloar store :)!!
Bordick is supposedly funny as hell in real life according to one of our bloggers
In partnering, interdependence is asymmetrical
so incredibly sad... RT : Police have confirmed Junior Seau committed suicide.
i was commenting on your pepper steak pic. bc i asked if you were having it for breakfast!!!
What is it about Skype that makes people wave goodbye before ending a call?
NASCAR sucks
#Madrid Tapas Bars, not topless bars. Nice corner-cafe shop to get a quick sandwich & continue your journey around beautiful Spain!
love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself.
in the past, everyone wanted to be in the future, in the future everyone now wants to be in the past.
Fireworks by <3
Beliebers Are Beautiful WE ALSO HAVE SWAG LIKE NO ONE ELSE BITCHES.
Ha! You in town? RT : Saw a girl in very conservative work clothes all but undress into "date" clothes - DC, you never change.
Nice Twitter background pic. Next time hold a snake; that's how Alice Cooper did it.
80 pouds less and hitting hollywood hard, I want to be the hardest working entertainer and actor in three states az, ca, and nv lets rock it
ooh I hate the dentist :/
"Loved ones","smiles","good times" I will never forget what i am meant to remember!!!!! Your name engraved in my heart...missing u...
Finna take a nap.....
for the record I'm drunk so my tweets shouldn't be taken seriously
carry around four charges like the rest of us.
A really cool and interesting service, that Pandora. I am a huge fan. You'll discover good music you never expected to find.
good luck! Just embrace it and go awkward man hug if he gets mad.
Hi Best part of my weekend w/ kids was biking to the farmer's market. We got fake tatoos, tomatoes and dumplings!
Incredible pride weekend here in Pocatello, ID that ended in a vigil and night march where we heard 'faggot' while our truth was heard!
Only the weak attempts to accomplish what he knows he can already achieve."– Stella Juarez
Yoko Do you have ant fears walking the streets of New York City today
thank you! TLC's "baby baby baby" just popped in my head when you said that lol
At the Techburst Awards Ceremony at Georgia Tech
Ugh I don't know what to do
After watching MSNBC for twenty minutes I can understand why Fox News consistently has more than twice the number of viewers.
Having some fun with the tail-pullers making and throwing paper airplanes!
Better than 7 guys ;-))
For some reason I want to watch finding nemo haha
Damn the gas here is $4.24
My cats are throwin down!
we were performing an anti-bullying show for the children of Zaccariah Connell Elementary School! They were very kind!
I am doing good..got up super early to help a friend with her play!! How are you mister???? :)
13? That's tomorrow! What's up?
O. Do you like it? I really want to read the Game of Thrones series, but hesitate. *points to established reading list*
Omg bathing the dog is a WORKOUT!
I haven't seen you in forever! I don't think that! Haha
OLD SPICE
Turn lemons into lemonade and turn pain into purpose.
umm..no, just no, they got annoying after the second movie lol
keep workin hard!! hopefully one day we can make a track togetha
He looks so guilty in that wee cage.
Oops. Wrong account.
..sorry, did I leave anything out? Yet, I mean..
follow the greatest daddy in the world for great deals on the best party bus in Cincinnati !
now you know the chicken nuggets are real <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
So, it's that time of the week!!! WHATCHA DOIN' THIS WEEKEND, LOS ANGELES!??? :D
Quite a paranormal night in Mon Valley BIG thanks to and Pitt ParanormalSoc HUGE
Let me pull you close to me, let our bodies touch & 1 2 3 4 SEXIN ON THE DANCE FLOOR.!! xD
Just a son of Montague devoud of the only thing I would die for...
Note to self: Wait til the heat from extra hot buffalo chicken dip wears off before drinking a dram of whiskey. OUCH!
Welcome to #teamfury :)
no that's just it...athletic pants!
Shaq just made a great point about Howard. Also, liked "good big men don't win championships, great big men do"
Grace happens in spite of something; it happens in spite of separateness and alienation
My days as a consultant taught me to listen to conversations. It's amazing what I overhear on airplanes.
You know who we don't want to see as president of the United States ever? Mitt Romney.
Love clean sheets
I love you has just duh how to diss you're awesome :)
Fox59 News is on! :)
the audience would be anyone visiting the collection on the website. General public to researchers to students to scholars.
. A demographic data analysis showed that the majority of respondents were female (83%),
#thingsilovetosee old couples holding hands
When two clients from the opposite sides of the world request the same feature -- it's a sign that we need to add it promptly.
Time to sleep for like 10 hours!
Agreed but that 's what we do
Bye seniors....
Thanks for having me!
i just said hi
impressed with the diversity at
Beautiful day <U+2600>
Nunez you fucking cock pull your head out
Spending the day with my grandparents and then going home tonight f
Who cares anymore? --> : After taping episode of pros v joes, I can say T.O. & McNabb were fine w each other. They had a blast
working on our project for #SWHNL with team members and :)
We are so excited! We get the our first apparel off the machine today! I can wait to get them out there!
well look into kuk sool cuz its all of that in one, but more martial arts. Just gotta go into places and do your research
ouch lobo! ouch!
What mind of crowd do they have at Byrd stadium tonight?
“: NF lookin for new young artists?”DM me a YouTube link
Leadoff hitter NOT on. Maybe our luck will change.
rain in L.A. “: Early morning walk with the dogs, some yoga, gardening, reading. It's nice to hav...How's your Saturday shaping up?”
yeah man..
Great meeting tonight! We are looking forward to the next one on Wed, 6:30pm, McD Formal! Thanks all who came! See everyone else soon!
#Roger #Federer wins fifth ATP Finals title
Forgot to take picture of friends I saw tonight. A screenshot of the tweet about evening will just have to stand in for
Lol Petty RT!!!": its not that serious .. Just don't cross BEYONCE ! And we cool .. Lol"
I fucking hate this default twitter app.
Try J. Crew at UV.. love their summer look... [alright, did i really just tweet this??] Just my fashion $0.02 for the day:)
ahaha yea which one you watching ?
Time for that Friday 3:00 PM Coffee / Tea Break - BOOM! WEEKEND!
Yes. Seizing the open moments. The little miss fell asleep early tonight. I sense she will reawaken in a while ready to play.
is excited about the upcoming new recording!
HOW WAS THAT A FOUL?!
Who'd have thought I'd teach myself to use the basics of photoshop when I needed it most, to put Yu Darvish jokes into everything.
Apparently the "Unity" rally that had been scheduled for Wednesday night at the Capitol has been cancelled, FYI.
I really wish she had a different way of viewing things. I think the city that we’re from just kinda ruined things.
can I RSVP now. That's not even a question, that's kind of a demand! I'm well jell. I'll be there, bearing gifts! (:
SO much love! and a big congratulations on the Community Arts Training Institute -- i'd expect nothing less :)
Part of the digital revolution! #MCDM RT : Way to go! Proud to be a part of it! RT : #innw is trending across the US!
The Problem was, Rosa Parks didn't call shotgun.
If Gilad Hekselman's new album isn't calming rainy day music, then I don't know what is. He's at the Jazz Standard 2nite. Go!
imma invite him to my signing lmao
It's $5.00 Monday! All films just a cool fiver!
Happy to be Twitter friends! Hope to see you at C!
might put the twitter down while getting chewed out.
'America's tutor boom': By the numbers
My friend on telling me he's getting divorced: "you let a girl put beads up your ass and you think it will last forever." Really????
that suprise i got at work tonight >>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
hey fella, i was on skype...forgive me
If we consider that most politicians (US at least) are independently wealthy, why do we give them things for free (healthcare for instance)?
We are looking at Toyota, and you are the 2nd closest to us. We're looking at the Prius. Why should we buy from you?
no problem. Did you make something up abt me leaving @ 4am
Playing that mw3:))
Is today bring your daughter/child to work day? There is an unnecessary amount of children w/ parents at Starbucks right now.
#Actors - Have trouble Crying on Cue? Join us on Facebook for helpful methods and comments from other actors. www.facebook.com/actsophia
GREAT DEAL! February 7th, 8th, & 9th our menu will be $150 for a 16 course menu with progressions. Thats $120 off!
M coca cola time.
Please take a second out of your time to #Follow TMCRecords® CEO & President Thank you
Congratulations on the funding!
Really wants to go to the ..if only there was no such thing as work & school & money rained from the sky or grew on plants...
sometimes, I wake them 4 school & they look so cozy I remember the nights they woke ME up, throwing up all over
iPhone app never stops loading. Whats wrong?
of u got psn add me peyton112
Chalk two up for !!! #midwestEmmys congrats to all!
But "if" Rush lost some station means nothing. It's like you're not saying anything, just a mix of hypotheticals and wishes.
Seriously if you rub your cold wet nose on me one more time.......
Thanks - "Windy" the wonder dog is quite the personality. :-)
Just finished song # 5 of my new record with Been awake for 20 hours... Sweeeeeettt
good morning hunny bun!!!
Share this page and We Are Defiane's page with your friends! Let's get these guys a bigger fanbase!
Im not going to hold anything against anybody, ide rather forget about petty crap and move on
Hi Eve-Do U know how 2get in touch w/ “pmac58<U+2033> from AuthorNation?~Kirsten~
Guess who just swept the the St. Louis #Cardinals #DontWorryIllWait The Atlanta #Braves baby B-)
can you follow me, or tweet me? <U+2665> plz .
“ People who fall in love too fast relationships NEVER last . . .”
To wake up On Her smile ... How cute and sexy is that <U+2665>
and this has nothing to do with need vs. want, its more to do with the fact that I think Beal and MKG are better than the PFs
Stop lookin at what ya' aint got and be thankfull fo' what you do got.
we'll always be out on Thursdays for you - come when you can!
half done
So I'll Be In The Car All Day Call Me
Being fake will get you nowhere so image keep doing what I'm doing.
Important part is u r committed 2 change & will see results! Right?! :) RT ... I gained 1 last wk. Don't think I lost this wk. Smh!
There are emotions in life that I just cannot explain in words.
I predict a blizzard.
Now who's gonna rock our New Year's Eves? RIP Dick Clark, you will be missed.
kick some booty tonight boys.
Waiting for & to leave Nashville and come to Kentucky for some
Thank you from me .. and our studentss :)
can't seem to get a move on!
thank you!
i think you smell like a roach
Sea salt caramel yogurt topped off with Captain Crunch Say What!!!
It's complicated. But ultimately gay men seem to be okay at St. John's.
very cool. Nice ad, GR8 song from one of my favorite movies! The Departed!
Lucky 4 U I barely drink. Buy me a beer sometime. :Forgot I have listener followers. I owe you booze.
well ain't you lucky that I am. And you better study hard!
yeah right. Pacers had plenty of chances to tie late.
Please keep me apprised of the score. wish I could be there.
Thank you for the RT!
my daughter is here for more tests to donate a kidney to me.
38 seconds from the Final Four for the first time in 15 years
You know you want some.
Looking forward to your tweets! :)
what happened? You ok?!?
Do you have any links?
Go big today..be a little bad, be very bold, and no matter what be Beautiful!
Happy to help and provide helpful tools. cc
thanks for chats this week!
RT : 2011 study on Ethics polled 4700 ppl: 45% witnessed misconduct at the workplace.
The Lord makes all things well. So overwhelmed with the stories of healing today. A Great movement has begun!!
#syracuse #tweetup At Bittersweet with some fellow tweeters! Beer and creme brulee for dinner.
Taking to #pdx today so she can go back to Florida. Sadface.
Who tf still wears du rags
#iGetRealMadWhen An ump. Screws us over.
G.F.B. Damage Mode 414.#FreeBoosie Its Problems Bitch.Don't Like It #HoeGoHam.Its Problems Bitch
Yes, I'm applying lotion on the train. Whatever, I just saw you clipping your nails.
I concur LOL
Thanks, Michael. It sounds like a great project for charity. I'm super excited to help judge!
Will do!
my girl doin work!
#listentoupallnight katy perry's on replay , she's on replay , dj got floor to shake , floor to shake
10th #SDCChiHack is Drift, which lets people post things they want to do and call other users who want to do the same thing
Thanks for the suggestions! Anyone else know of places that feed & shelter during the holidays?
Im deleting twitter. Goodbye. I just cant stand seeing people buy tickets and my mom doesn't get me shit. <\3
Whats twitter jail ?
Yes, it simplifies and everyone knows what it is.
What a beautiful weekend...now thinking about school. When will Sunday nights stop being so difficult..when will I sleep on Sundays?
RT NHRA Drag Racing Fans welcome our friends to twitter & follow:
"Oh dear lord shush! You have so few good ideas Leonard and you're going to spill the beans to an outsider?!"- Sheldon
It's the cheese and summer sausage factor.
Im bouta take a shower then find a nice movie to watch. Lbvs
Ahh, insomnia. We meet again.
i love u my money
Very interesting, thanks for the insider tip on WoF!
hey what's up it's chris Hawkins
Diaper blowout? No prob.
The Clatsop County Sheriff was going to testify on a bill to remove dangerous trees, but downed trees prevented the trip to Salem today.
Nyjer Morgan gets a bobblehead? Really?
Looking forward to hittin at the Lanes with the Jack Brass Band!!!
Great! tweet us a photo
#AskBieber justin can i please marry you ok thanks<3
Are you and the boys coming down to Houston or anywhere soon? Please reply!
Wall? He shouldn't even be named. TOne of the things I despise about Bleacher Report is so many wannabe journalists trying to gain attention
You did Amazing!!! I really wish you went through, it wasn't really that fair since your country and that's a pop song.
so am i. Use a different car lol
Okay, so an official "good morning" for #usguys - seems like only ystrday, I'd spend the 1st hour of my day drinking #coffee and saying "hi"
ONE LOVE
Putz gives up lead off double to Reyes. There goes my WHIP
Thanks for following! What a great platform you have created :) Looking forward to reading your tweets & connecting.
thank you for #instacane, fantastic!
Well said!
I didn't get the whole tweet
Nights like tonight, my life seems perfect. Maybe it is
Success! RT : If God is with you, what is there to fear?
oh yes i hear rain :) been liking it all this week.
i was just kidding
shit me too
Tell the name of your natural hair
now that's funny
Coyotes have been getting badly outshot all playoffs. Not a Cup-winning recipe. Mike Smith can only do so much.
I might go:D! RT ": I'm going! RT : So like does anybody wanna go with me to the church festival?"
Exciting civil war win !
omg I hate math soo much
"Mushroom farmer" might usurp "breakdancer" as greatest profession ever listed on this show
How would they justify withholding gender to parents of certain ethnic background?It would have to apply to everybody.
Not a phillies fan but I do love to see the Yankees lose
mfs is crazy
you suck
it's a new day ¤
S/o for the follow.
"Feel the fear and do it anyway." ~Susan Jeffers
Pedro slumping..
Done. Then I close with Brick House (Remodel) instead of remix.
The only job where you start at the top is digging a hole.
#001 awe you're pretty!! do you wanna swich places? I wanna move to NY:( <U+2665>
I wanna add you babe :-)
Don't sleep on Kendrick Lamar...his album is going to be sick.
Carlyle Group offers a slice of its own brand of controversy for $7bn
Been doing some re-branding. A new version of our website will be launching VERY soon!!
Why the fuck am I getting McDonalds promos on my timeline?!?! I hate McDonalds and believe their food is slowly poisoning the world
We recorded it at Limestone. I'm not being suggestion boy, but I suggest we get F&H wings to go!
it's fine
That new Megadeth kicks some serious ass...
how?! It's like the easiest thing to do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Lions and Bucs
some people are just stupid ya kno
And, moving forward, Smith said GroupM predicts the potential annual growth rate in the area will drop to roughly 7% for the next few years
...permits limit # of marathon racers. Adding a half lets them increase numbers, due to shorter course.
Fiction or Legend Building for future generations?
Focus on the dopeness, not the wackness. -Steph Squires.
In re: my last RT: I didn't see that coming. /sarcasm
:+D RT : Ava: "Look! The Brewers have their hood open tonight!"
Q-Why do uu love so much? A-Well, he's inspiring, he's inspired me to reach my goals, and make my dreams come true.
Scratch that. I meant #silverstein. I hate it when your reading something an accidently type it. Hahaha.
Our ALA Annual Conference Panel Discussion is starting in just a few minutes! Come to room P-206 to be a part of the conversation!
ill have Lauren with me!
RT : hahaha! Let them come! More tourist dollars for our city = more cool stuff //true!!
where'd u get those pancakes? They look amazing!!
Congrats to Mr. & Mrs. Forge!
The Mind Creatures will be playing Wednesday June 29th at The Five Spot!! If you haven't seen us yet....what are you waiting for?
Is it just me or does actor #BruceGreenwood look a lot like #FrankSinatra?
Make sure to visit us tomorrow at the Greater Madison Chamber 2012 Business Expo, we will have all the latest and greatest devices on hand!
Wedding anniversary and Mother's Day falls on the same day this year. I think today's gonna be all about my beloved :)
I'm doing really well - pretty much back to normal although I still get tired easily. Glad to have the worst of it behind me.
Cool u can help me ?
awe. thanks. :)
My mind is like a steel trap, rusty and illegal in 37 states.
Sure, let me know, I'll get you on the guest list
My 3yr old niece gave me shower advice lol if you keep your head back the soap wont go in your eyes lol love her
Just put up the last of the Studio Updates! If you haven't checked them out then go do it now! It is on facebook, myspace, and youtube!
Today has been...vary vary long
Right on! You can't want to bomb the hell out of one country and then trample all over a group of your OWN CITIZENS!
RIP Whitney Houston.
yes i totally rub it in ur face when ur the one who goes around telling people & i dont want them to know.LOl
Hey do u no if the episons they show of dog ae in the same order that they catch the fugatives?
Best part about those batteries is they go INSIDE a mifi, so who cares what they look like! Whats important: THEY WORK. Safe Travels
“: I need to blow some Tree's and the worst part is I'm Dryer then the fucken Dessert..” I feel your pain!
So hungry right now...must...wait...30...more...minutes...
Time to take out some zombies. And we ain't talkin about to dinner
: Good morning to you too. I hope your day is good. I'm coming back to Ireland in 2013.:-D
jordan isaiah gray....not to b confused with jordan isaiah STORKS! Lol
Another boring night
You're so sweet to think of your mom. I love your voice you sing so beautiful and powerful. Loved this week's show! <U+2665>
Woohoo! 231 facebook fans! I'm one happy girl! :)
Tx for the RT! Will check out
does Amir even fight anymore ?????
Let your status match your profile...(Lonnie Edwards)
If you are a Facebook user, please "like" the newly launched New York Institute of Finance fan page. www.facebook.com/pages/New-York-Insti…
Looking forward to a successful week!
WE NEED MORE COFFEE!
Fact or faked just literally made me scream.... Omg...
RE:#squarespace. I think it has a nice interface, but if I'm going to pay that much, I'd go with a whole hosted plan.
Yes! I can't wait. I will be there too!
According to IMDBPRO "Spec scripts sales explode in October"
could you record the voice?
Even if a person eats well, there may be a dysfunction that creates a need for a supplement. Get vitamins.
it's a little sad that vigilante justice looks safer than persuinig things the legal route...
That's cool - I would call that faith.
Trying to be a smartass..-___- (:
Heraclitus/Simondon/Deleuze help us to think about magic in relation to technology.
A few pieces at the National Gallery in DC. And then they had a major exhibit of his work (at least I think it was there)
There are wreaths being photographed in the studio today...so of course they are playing Xmas music...oh boy...
Thanks for the tip!
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
I love not having any #rules and never being grounded (:
I am addicted to that song now! My wake up anthem thanks to you!
Messed around with a new song yesterday at band practice, good stuff.
I have a few words left over from my #4c13 proposal: mummification, canasta, relegate. Take em if you need em!
I hit u on tango and it was declined. I'll hit you when I get off work at 5 if that's coo
nope, he headed to prison this morning, working the media
And the award for best Nashville blog name giving a nod to The Boss is...
These are awesome followers!
thanks...love getting the Rock Countdown to new listeners. RT“: . welcome to the family”
I was in SF last week and walked by AAU. There were tons of people coming and going. Of course, thought of you!
I have officially joined #RihannaNavy! all bcuz of #T <3
So inspired after a great alumni event tonight! Thanks !
RT : wow does "relation extraction" for text! + many other services (w/ lots of wrappers available!):...
What shall we have for dinner? Who's hungry?:)))
Some people are fucked up in the head... i swear.
Me and marco either fina hop on this 2k12 or mw3 hm..
Getting sleepy in a session listening to papers read, no slides, no illustrations.
RT : Happy #goodfriday! Make sure to visit and today for lunch!
successful online marketing strategies www.ElitePRO.ws
sorry but none of that is real
Help is on the way. Thanks for the heads up!
So excited will be judging on America's Got Talent! He even gave a shout out to my boy Brandon!
The Beginning when he meets young John Winchester!
I am her child, what can I say
have fun in Croatia. Wife always banging on about Croatia aren't you ?
Omg I have been looking for you! I've been questioning every1 with "bella" in their name lol is there any way I could see samples?
"That totally sounds like molecules ripping"
We are printing a new and beautiful bookmark that will be available for free to anyone who wants it. It is at the printers now.
Hi folks! We're still down but we finally found a new compression coil to fix the website. Hopefully we'll be back up shortly!
can some one please explain what is going on?!
Good deal! Sweet pot. fries rock! RT SMASHDAY! Free entree w/purchase of a side & soft drink...must show tweet. Exp 11/2 10pm.
OH WAIT. 1221472834072347239. just kidding. (; AHAHAH.
jst like u.
I just built a house on Idgaf avenue
Thanks Kyle!!!! Glad to be here with the rest of the world :)
#iCantShowLove to someone who refuses to show it back...
... Frederick Wentworth a tiny tiny bit at the end?
Hahah RT : how much grease is in this kids hair? Kid looks like he just did a slip n slide down a bowling lane
hahaha!!! i started cryin like seriously my mom was looking at me like if i was crazy! hehe :D
Hope you saw us looking pretty in "Weekend" section today, pg 22. Thanks, Amy Orndorff, for the scoop on 26 great gardens!
goodbye! spanish and language arts!
Too sweet to be sour, too nice to be mean.
What can I say? I'm a giver! - You guys rock BTW. My Trex deck is going strong, 5 years and counting.
Can Oprah Change the World With Video Games? - Forbes
we have a Holocaust speaker comin, choir rehearsal , choir concert, field trip, and then next week i have my final in math!
city bound!!
Loan management/income-based loan repayment session happening now in NRB. #medschool Speaker: Julie Fresne from
Want to win tickets? Lease an #apt in April and be entered for a chance to #win!
Someone's dressed up as cruger! Creepy.
Early morning workout with
Demetria I forgot to tell you, I took this girls tampon today and threw it at someone.
If u cannot go outside, try to find a place with a lot of natural light so u can see what the colors really look like.
OHMY!! LOOK AT YOUR HEAD O:
RT : I want a relationship like Jared and Savannah where they are together all the time
Deep house tonight no cover charge! Longest running house night in SD
Mom made me go to sleep at 8 last night so I could get 10 hours sleep. Huh? I don't need that much sleep. Tonight I am going to lock door.
Monday Pollen Count | Grass/Tree/Mold - Moderate at 4
hangouts on air ought to get you around the 10 limit
So, does this constitute a selective disclosure issue or is Twitter now a means of broad dissemination of info to the public?
and for anyone wondering "team money" is referring to Floyd Mayweather and the mgm grand fights tonight that Justin is going to see in Vegas
PR'd by 15 minutes this morning. Thanks to all for your amazing support! Thanks to for the great pace group
I love <3
Ain't got no love
i hope your dream comes true, that you get your iphone =)
Who needs Easter candy when you have plain baby carrots to snack on? Candy's for chumps.
Max Payne 3 looks so awesome...
Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays to all that celebrate it!!!
cameron you are truly an inspiration
you may have to purchase a collage frame but yes you can
I so wanted to vote but after signing up, the system says I'm no longer qualified. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
idk i feel like nobody really cares about me
My kids r all i need...Candace, Chewy, nd Jake til da end of time..
I thought you'd like that one, Franklin T. Bear!
Pulled smoked pork, corn on the cob, baked potatoes, and pasta salad. :)
Got 12 hours of sleep
Amazon just told me they will make this 100% right for me.. way to go amazon. I am proud of you and Happy. Scott
Yes, thank you! Should be taken care of now. =)
true idk what u would do without me either.
Do you take your #dog everywhere with you
Get up and step up that grind everyday like its your last.
is the most beautiful woman on television
Also good catching up with Jimmy Raley from the Pegram residential over in Cary,NC. Plenty of good projects coming their way!
Do not confuse motion and progress. A rocking horse keeps moving but where the (F) does it go?
U.S. Conference of Mayors.
Separated at birth: Anna Chlumsky and Kelli Garner
will there ever be people saying "Skrillex died...that sucks."?
okay and I will Skype you babes x
“: It's your potential” Thank you!!! Makes me want to run back and work some more! ...someday. :-)
Who knew a sting from man-o-war could cause such problems.
is listening to 101 Ways to Transform your life. By Wayne Dyer
Some yummy Diamond jerky...BAAAAhahaha!
His niece said I couldn't be his gf bc I need to get married to someone... too cute!!
Can I have $5,000? I'll buy you a fathead. One love bro
I'm going to be visiting you guys every weekend :-)
Vacancy came up after US Con so Denver volunteer was asked. Assume if one happens after Munich, German team member would be asked.
Thanks for RT!
Right im so ready
That meal was crazy delicious.
HEY.ihfskdfhuglihvlhvlh;duiSGRGFUILAYHOSej''jfjiuehawfyoyfayf;F;HS... WAIT what oh sorry there was a spider on my key board! HAHA
i am lost lol
Varden Technologies and Hillswick Asset Announce Successful OMS Implementation
2nd Annual #Dallas Art Fair was a blast! John Sughrue brought Big D the best of fine art and
Letang cannot make that one-timer pass to Malkin on the power play.
always looking for PR people. Espicially ones that could kick 's backside. hahahaha
#Imagine You had a car accident and you're in the hospital, as Liam visits you. He's in tears. Liam whispers: ''I almost lost you.."
Somebody tweet me D; imm boreed :/ ndd ill give u a cookie ^-^ lol
it makes me smile to see people praying over their meals when I'm serving. I feel like maybe the whole world hasn't gone crazy. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
The more I think / read about the Ropati signing, the more I like it. Seems like there a lot of confused / upset #Jets fans.
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude! 9
I want the time change on a work day
and Tribal Ceremony on them feet
Love you!
"The cost of leadership is self interest." - Lt. Gen. Flynn, USMC
this game is getting really live
wondering how much of the viral success w/ CA was organic vs. seeded/ planned through Interconnected?
Can't wait for "Battleship" to come out. Maybe it'll grease the tires for that "Bop It" big screen adaptation I've been waiting for.
Kelly Preston, who was briefly engaged to Charlie Sheen, turns 49 today.
Carmen San Francisco
If you are done with Jude Law may I have him? Pretty please?
Don't let the mean people get you down, your blog (and reality-based parenting) is great.
about to watch #TheAvengers!! Well, I gotta wait for over an hour...
You gonna be at Martin City?
~Im Moving On,Seems Like It Took Foreva;And Imma Leave It Up To U To See It Get's No Betta..!
Thanks man! So glad to hear : ) Don't forget to click the 'Like' button for us!
Lunch with :)
hi person who doesnt talk to me ;/
Thug life
Great turnout for the annual Library Legislative Day! Library advocates will be heading to the Capitol to meet with legislators shortly.
S/O to for winning #champs and who needs to get his ass back to PGH
I remember back in college when my professor Thomas Rockwell First introduced me to the pen tool.... GOLD in the palm of my hand ;-)
Say happy birthday to our own !
no it a grey :)
We're instituting new practices this year to use less paper. I'm done with filing boxes of docs and throwing them away a few years later.
thanks ! happens a lot here. Is it at CB and I75 North on ramp ?
You thought I was tired because my eyes were red? Nah I'm just smoking that we call that good good that wizard
Open House on Jan. 21 at my new salon in Magonolia Day Spa. Plz stop in for a glass of wine & to say hi. 5:30 8:00 www.hairinthecity.me
RT "Paris is for lovers. Maybe that's why I stayed only 35 minutes." - Humphrey Bogart in Sabrina
way past good idea!
I am up for that tonight. Been kinda busy this week so haven't read much about it.
what you charging for a beat
Ask the young people what they think and u are surely mistaken.
it' cause you and bubbly go together!
Are yall ready for some Monday night Whiskey Jam??!!! Gonna be a good 'un!
well shit we are playing beer pong idk if we are going to make it! I hope so!
yOU ot me saying yeah buddy all the time haha Ti Amo!!
Stacy London visited our NYC office to give tips to winner before Gala next week.
touching ceremony last night to remember the 23 who passed while homeless or soon after exiting homelessness this year.
I've had Jehovah's Most Secret Witness stuck in my head for days! Such a fantastic episode.
Personally, I'm excited to take to South Coast Rep in Feb, take in 24/7 #LAThtr at + to do more audiencing in 2012
Let's here some of those New Years Resolutions!
Watching fools gold
Idgaf If I Have 10000 Million Followers, That Shit Ain't Gonna Make Me feel Cool
But I still have the weekend for that, so...
Damn, it's about time
Chicago Citizen is hard at work on tomorrow's five papers.
"Second star to the right and straight on til morning" ~ J.M Barrie, Peter Pan
reminiscing to 7 things by miley :')
. would agree (his recommended way of coming out).
We need to start paying in Eggplant Fries, he's so good to us! Love that guy! :)
Santorum would like everyone to pray away obamacare!
I thought u were saving those oreos as a gift? lol
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW ME
Savoy tonight with me and the homie is the place to be at tonight!
You got me lifted,shifted higher than a ceilin.Ooh wee it's the ultimate feelin You got me lifted feeling so gifted,Suga how you get so fly?
My God, did anyone else listen to the "emily" story on #thisamericanlife today? I just sobbed like a teething baby in my car.
I wish I had the guts to confront people who litter.
personal finance mint
I wish I was back in Miami
Great article. Thank you Professor Thomas for sharing.
Its a YES!!! California senior year <3 #LoveMyFamily #LifeIsComplete(:
Damn that was quick, we're out of XL shirts. But the L is pretty big, so it'll probably fit you (fits anyone from 5'9" to 6'+, 150-220+ lbs)
This traffic is killing me...
There are couple of big #crossfit projects in the works. Stay tuned for more information!
Caps baby!!!
ah yes, apples and oranges.
i think im bout to fire this bitch (in my zed zilla voice)
No..omg
Lets talk on the phone(:
What's the business?
Bernie Madoff was my agent. RT Actors - You are CEO of your career. If you are a lousy CEO that's not your agent or managers fault
Love the blog. Wish I had done it! Hungry now. Can you add an alphabetical list on your blog of restaurants you've reviewed?
yay, I knew you would.
ahh!!! I'm jealous, I can't wait for my spa day over spring break!
if I ever saw you I would run up to you & hug you… just to make your day(:
I sure did It was Important, the professor was in class, and I do have home training unlike most people!!!
when do you come home??
community got picked up, but for a shortened 13-episode season. Whitney could be gone after next year as well
How many brackets were destroyed after Mizz and Duke losing miserably?
Wow. I had 293 apps on my Facebook profile.
it's especially good now that we can comment on drawrings!
yes! I always cry at the end when they die together <3
Hopin' for a good day tomorrow.
R.I.P. Air McNair. He was the reason I became a Titans fan
My legs so sore, probably walked like 50+ miles today
Couch. Fridge. Couch. Brewers. Man we love Sundays. Thanks to and for a great weekend!
What did one #snowman say to the other snowman? "Do u smell carrots?"
Nolan Ryan and Jackie Robinson share the same bday... how cool is that?
A guy goes up 2 a girl n a bar & says, u want 2 play 'Magic'? She says, Wht's that? He says, We go 2 my house & fuck, & then u disappear.
(c) Says they are kidding....I think back to that time and have to wonder....are you really?
You may shoot me with your words, you may cut me with your eyes, you may kill me with your hatefulness, but still, like air, I'll rise.
A Romney chose to stay home w her boys, that's great. But most women can't choose. They must work. She's no expert on them.
78 degrees, not a cloud in the sky on Malibu canyon.
Be sure to tune in @ 10pm on the Discovey Channel for Outlaw Empires to watch your boi do he's thing Support this young leading man. Bless
I miss you too sexxxxaaaay <\3
So far, the Meerkat's not all that different. I have yet to test the HDMI audio, though, which was my main problem before.
": Damn it's some pretty women following me ...."«««««n I am one of dem :-)
yep RT Twins scoring at will + Porcello 100P in 4IP+ bullpen collapse+ God awful defense = Arguably the low point of the season
I hope today goes well and drama free.......morning followers.
batter up Nelly
Good morning! Love the RAIN(:
No one is perfect! Im not better than no one and no one is better than me!
#Goodness. I love it, ! I hope you win!
yea you tell Ian cj pwn him.
I just bought the most. amazing. chair.
I do however like Jim Leyland.....truthful...honest....don't agree with all his moves but he's the Skipper..
Any plans for a reading at the Powell's in Portland, Oregon this year?
awesome meeting u today. U have such a sassy, positive personality. See u in LA!
“: R.I.P to my two front teeth...we've had some great times and pictures ;( #sadday” first bloodshed
the only thing I remember is you going for which ever team playing against the heat
Yemen: Yet another lawless country that's attracted the sludge of the world. What to do?
Rage video game out on all major game platforms. Lets see another GFL team get their own game.
Media selections for tonight: Downton Abbey and the new E-40 double album. Not at the same time, though.
Rappin bout my own life....
tell your mom Happy Mother's Day, I know it's a day late!!
TODAY! Caffeinate your body and mind at our weekly coffee clinic! We'll be brewing the same beans two ways starting at 10:00am!
#OscarTweet anxious to see #BillyCrystal's opening monologue.
S/O to the new follower !! Follow him!:)
3 days :D
im adopted
Yep, it sounds like you are perfect for it! Good luck!
Taurus And Caps Are Compatible.
Being punched in the stomach and kissed on the head at the same time. I'm very confused. With , and
Waking up lately has been beyond difficult, thinking its the changes in seasons..
apparently I'm supposed to say yes when asked if I have a boyfriend. Who knew?
Welcome to Twitter my friend!
Hello zendaya fans also follow our twitter for bella thorne fans and p.s its a fanpage
Come join us for the viewing of the BET HIP HOP AWARDS 2nite.....Happy Hour 4_8pm...
Whetstone Park is so beautiful in the fall. So is Patrick Js on Tuesdays/ Wednesdays & Brewsky's on Thursdays. Simply gorgeous.
haha this thing is like a hole foot away from the wall, why are awake so early?
the Yellow colored ones are called checker and the orange colored ones are Named Yellow?
LOL! RT : LinkedIn should have a "You have GOT to be kidding" option in addition to accept/ignore. Just a thought.
go to sleep
still having a ton of fun at the #ereexpo.. can I get a woot woot!
I just wasn't taught to politely pretend to be nice to people I can't stand
We 10 followers away from 700!!! Show us some love!!!
“They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.” <U+2015> Andy Warhol
bridal clutches have arrived!!!
Aw...we love u too! Sorry i couldnt chat yesterday! Call ya in a bit!
Glad it was only ALMOST! I'd feel guilty if you wasted wine!
Sweet Dreams Mike!
My dad got and iTouch for an early Christmas and today he asked me "Would that Dirty Birds(in reference to angry birds) be on this thing?!"
Thank you. They are hosted by AIA Akron and Cleveland. Don't know if accessible to Canada, will have to research.
U always talk about how much money u got but u always in the financial aid office
RT : Not to mention his peoples alwaus concerned about who im still with or where they think they saw!
RT United is just absolutely a terrible airline. "This plane cannot fly because of a maintenance issue." I 2nd that!
Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage - Galatians 5:1
And it comes back to Charlotte. #Panthers will take Michael Brockers or Michael Floyd or Luke Kuechly.
Go for the gold! - TCPalm
follow me on this one not that one
4 works for me.
Thanks for the follow Chris Price (ahtohg)! :)
<----Monique a 2012 Grad from Valley...What's up Vikings!
Available in WI at all?
Mom & dad always know how to brighten my day :) They knew I was working phones, so they decided to prank call me!
I'm so touched by all the well-wishes on my anniversary post, thanks to those who have commented.
Yea I can see that as well to. U know Mike though he can't keep a team together even if he paid them lol.
Man the Strip is fucked right now.
seriously ben. You didn't have the balls to tell casey why you sent her home. You are afraid of her mommy & daddy! Boo!
I and will settle for 7:29. ;-) -- Really late start times for premier sporting events are just plain stupid.
Wow to get a tourist visa to visit China is quite an expensive experience unto itself!
“: it's been awesome to have at our school” it was "fantastisc" to be here!
Well said! I seems to me whenever things go wrong people just want someone to blame. They forget who holds the power.
I'm going to rock out to all day long, because I can.
": #ImMadBecause After all these years , its still hard for me to accept the fact you left ."
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 14
Celtic vs Rangers 7am. It keeps switching?
Gotta admit KC has some great things going on @ KC wine festival at a waterpark haha what's not to love?! ;)
One of my students brought homemade cupcakes today, one brought me an Ale-8. My legal research class rocks! A3, how are you gonna bring it?
A great deal of work to get done today! Unlawful Detainers from Friday, a slew of Small Claims serves to get done and a whole lot more!
Awake, but super tired! :/ maybe gonna play some mario on my wii bc im bored. Ahaha :P
Whoops- got the wrong info... Tonight's show at Ramapo is in the student center. Starts in about 10 minutes...
I love change.. Its thee only thing that is constant. I have changed and I have grown in some many different areas in my life
#takecare just gets better and better
I think you guys should come to a festival with Allegro dance company and perform.
I didn't know that but now that I do I'm very appreciative and impressed by the courage the my ex's have displayed.
#FF some fine folks at
ok I'll keep an eye out for it.
sounds good to me. My phone is dead but I can twitter on iPad. Hopefully I'll get it fixed in the morning
Who's coming out Sunday? It's our first show since December, let's make it a good one!
From your mouth to god's ears says Layne's jewish mother
I did once, but then the novelty wore off...
Patrick Roy has been voted the greatest goaltender in NHL history by a panel of writers and a fan poll.
Holy cow. Sandwich received!
thanks for acknowledging me at Walmart today!!
Had cheese grits today for the 1st time today and they were bomb!
Thanks for the follow Todd! Best to you!
I'd be compelled to boo after 4h 15m and an ending like that.
Heey boy you can't be anymore sexier ?;)
cancels tus to ord. strands all. Won't rebook on ual. Could care less. Sorry doesn't cut it. #bankruptcy warranted.
yeah hopefully so then we can do the bucket list :)
But great seasons to both & Looking forward to see both squads next year.
Who else is going to #ONALA at Redwood? It started two minutes ago.
At Club Sabbat in San Diego! Great place!
I'm very very sick today and if you could notice me it would mean so much to me and make me feel better <3 Bellarino forever!!
i love my life thanks 2 hes the best boyfriend ever
I miss the old days because that's when I has you.
Why are the minorities always in the bottom 3 on #americanidol !?! This is garbage!!
Wow what an exciting Super Bowl. People thought that it would be a boring game and then it turned out to be one the best one in years.
haha you had to add mostly in.
here I come
I am in love with my sports class. Watching a documentary today on Jesse Owens. Not too shabby.
hey and damn why so much damn suger
Is it getting tough to make $ today? No, Call Kim @ four 07- nine 29- four 250, leave name, phone, e-mail for a return follow-up call.
Interesting! Are there examples of horses who lost after tweeting?
Every body talk it but the ? Is who live it TME where rap is reality follow
My friend said the Philly show was louder.. Step it up New Yorkers!!!
I see my body as an instrument, rather than an ornament. – Alanis Morissette
Off to Maryland in a few days
TF have you've been the whole spring break girll
excited for a road trip to Rochester this summer with , , and !
SO MUCH TO DO
Kevin Campbell from Chula Vista is one of the final 3 on #BigBrother 11!
ballins not a hobby, its my occupation.
Hi Brian, thanks for the follow. Great website.
thanks for following us! Have you checked our app to sell your awesome vintage pieces?
Who's in Seattle this weekend?? TWEET
With so many options what's a girl to do??
Greetings from University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee! Good luck on the demo.
so which name did u choose? Hallyu-wood or Hallyu Tales.
in drum spre Ploiesti... hometown visit...
#SMBAustin : You should be open to people following you if you're going to (be a politician in Social Media)
did you mean to say shot?
Oversinging the National Anthem is one of my biggest pet peeves
Life is ever changing! U can't take it 2 seriously!
So far, the best fight in #AvX is Emma frost vs Iron Man. Hands down. Didn't see that coming!
New York, I love you but we need some time apart. I'll see you in a few days.
that's whats up! Might head down Saturday. Small chance though.
If you would focus on YOUR OWN LIFE & STOP worrying about what others are doing...there's a possibility you might accomplish something.
lol he just told mee to wear it so he docent look stupid
I'm a painter first. What's good?
I really miss J. Robbins' voice
with some food !
“: Tom Troccholi's Pond RT : Minor Pond. Pond Flag. Pond Biscuits. Pond of Today. Agnostic Pond. Cro-Ponds.” Pond Jerks
Anytime you can bring in Loe against a LHB, you have to do it.
haha as long as they're not out of towers!
God I love baseball. Great game.
There's this cute guy but i have a boyfriend!:/
Am so sad to go back home for the summer... But friends are making my last days worth it!!
I wanna get white girl wasted with
what u know bout that lol
Your ALWAYS the most popular person in my world<3
if ironically mocking ebonics and hiphop-referencing wasn't a thing to do, aziz ansari would not be here.
Our weight loss program is simple, convenient, tasty, inexpensive & effective, anyone can implement it, any time. www.healthfacts4all.com
THANK YOU to everyone who joined us for the "Music Makes A City” premiere. We are proud to be a part of such a generous community.
if you can, pop by after Tavern Law, we're just down the block. We're closing at 930 for a private party!
My cat acting like he is constantly on crack has got to stop
I'm at school, so it won't let me see the choices because the wifi blocks things. But Kentucky! Or somewhere close!
Agreed-->RT : Social media must be meaningful!
no that's from a long time ago..
wow you bitch... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> (I'm giving you the look)
well, I'm using chrome and it should be...
Heads up, the blog will be swarmed with posts today and tomorrow. And probably the rest of the week... Just the way we like it.
If i move on, you will also; so this might be our farewell.
Working late lol
We grown now don't nobody give af yu this the real world now we been out of high school almost 2 years
Don't you just feel like you are full of joy that the good guys got one point!! SO HAPPY!
Just noticed #oomf was tweetin about me while I was testing. I guess he thinks hes cute ;)
Hey all...working with Microsoft to promote the Silverlight player for IPL matches. Anyone else using it? How is it working? DM me.
#idol - Jessica has stunning vocals. Very strong showing.
You know the Lords in charge when you literally have no control.
Enough negativity, I am going to hang and smoke and shop with my REAL friend now! I am glad I am not fucking bananas like some bitches are
This section on David Byrne is full of white male privilege & hagiography. He invented sampling, new wave & bikes through Detroit ghettos.
Join us at Bennett's Fresh Roast this morning for the most delicious donuts in town! Next up —1 p.m / BUS TO SOMEWHERE & TECHNICALLY CRAZY
I don't get it.
Thanks Eddie. You're doing hard work of changing the world, too. Maybe someday we'll have reason to collaborate on something.
Today has been a slow day at work aka extra time to read my bible & "God's Story, Your Story" by
Happy Thanksgiving! For some holiday laughs check out my page www.freekshowradio.com
I'll have them printed up in the next few days and you can order from me
I feel like just coming by to give you the biggest hug. Stay strong.
Omfg. I love him.!
Thank you for the RT! We all need to be reminded of Number 10 I think!
tweet me a number & i'll tell u what i think about you or your twitterr<3
I would like to bags » Pu leather cleaning method
ha good point.
I have a bottle of Moet Chandon im my office that I am not popping until ________ - i guess i better not plan on opening it anytime soon :(
LOL. You're too kind, World!
but it was fun/thrilling/exciting... maybe?
Palko looks good tonight. Yes, a bit rough but I'd love to mentor him. Also, his name sort of rhymes with Flacco.
I haven't but Ohio's 1st Bikram Studio opened up in Cleveland last yr. 's a fan.
Mammoth 3 / Wings 2 after one quarter of play.
looks good =)
and he sounded so concerned about me. He told I needed to go get it checked out. Then he sounded all defensive of me again
We are working on it. It's possible. Stay tuned.
Crooked I is a ridiculously talented rap. Dude is rapping circles around people. sick flow!
These fuckin wyncoters stole my damn transpass..ugh..fuck those dumb ass kids..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
They killen *ninjas* for for Jays that's death over designer #Coleworld lol
are u getting the UA ablum?
Black mass- have a drink of space
Had two monsters in school today and still went to sleep. Smh
That pissed off moment when you find out the name big dong 69 is already taken :/
AUSTIN PLEASE COME TO CHILE ISTHE OLNY COUNTRY OF SOUTHAMERICA IN THE LIST!!!! PLEASE COME CHILE LOVES YOU SO SO SO MUCH!!!!
Watching CHS baseball on this gorgeous Friday night! Go Black Knights!
Calm down over there RT : Where is everyone? Why am I STILL the only one at the office. Guys, it's 7:30. Rise and grind.
RT #nggs11 is unbelievably cool: 490 participants who are learning, connecting, being inspired!
I am a bit disturbed about how much I know about Victorian mass murderers though. :)
we had a good time.:-)
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Jordyn-Thomas Perez °Rising 7th °Aiea, HI °Travel Team: Tar Heels °Shooting Guard 5’5
Rings > Trophies.
needs help securing a beach front rental for Fourth of July weekend in Delaware. HELP!test ifttt
It sure was nice to see NFL highlights on SportsCenter this morning, can't wait for the regular season.
nervous to go later because no sleep and empty stomach *blacks out*
Haunted house tonight! Anyone want to go? #Imdriving #gonnabefunnn :)
This is the last weekend for our introductory $5 admission! May 2nd, general admission goes up to $10 ($6 for seniors & students).
See the fuckery <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089> RT : dont these fuckers got spell check on they phone ? damn use it ! lol
crap! I tried not to buy, you know, it's natural. I just can't help it!
good luck on compelling storytelling :)
Chris-Chris !!!
A favor? I guess there is no risk as a bench guy. It's just odd. He was DONE with the Giants.
haha love you to! You gonna come over or should I eat the rest of the pancakes?
I'm going to check it out this Saturday!
When I hear U sounding like a popular rapper, 2 things play in my head: either U're influenced by him/her, or U ignorantly think it's easy.
If you ring my door bell you were not invited.
hilarious - thanks... :)
my mother always said that hard work never hurt you but worry and hard work can kill you. hm. "i be workin hard!" need to not worry.
it's a fair question to ask, no?
i do
OH MY GOD
call me maybe?
Hey luvies good morning
I was actually referencing Obama's 2004 statement at a press conference after he won his senate seat.
Due to a Private Event the Cowboy Lounge will not be be open until 11pm tonight. We hope to see you then!
Sunday is World Wide Knit in Public Day. Get out your yarn and needles!
Now your just somebody that I used to know....
why are you not at Fairview Beach tonight? Pirate's Den, partying w/ the band??????
thanks for the recommendation :) How's it going man?
Who is taking me min golfing then to play laser tag? Anyone? I want to do all night laser tag but then I always remember thats too much tag
Even me?
Araabmuzik didn't even show I'm out of here
Rules Committee: So riveting. But necessary.
Does anyone have Fat Joe's number? I have some questions I NEED to ask him.
Taylor Armstrong talking about working her relationship with Russell on RHOBH... #AWKWARD Does she get a refund for that psychotherapy?
name them please.
Thanks for the follow! I just moved from Nelson to San Francisco. Sending a big shout out to you and all my BC friends!
Sad news indeed. Though I can't say this will change my eating habits.
W T F! I can't react strongly enough to this. Isn't she like 40 years too young and not at all talented enough?
you fucking losers why isnt horford scheduled for 23 hours of the 24 hour programming u have on nba tv?
No problem Lucy :-)
remember that she's 5. you're the grown up.
oh my god that's so mean.
aww! Still remember when the kiddos did that to my stapler. Can't read your school tweet anymore, makes me :-(
I hate replying on PPL they always find a way to let me down -___-
It kills me when girls lie about being virgins. *shakes head*
If I weren't a ________, I'd love to be _________.
It's great to catch up on your DVR, just not in the middle of the night, due to insomnia! :(
I'd be having a better time at psych fest if whoever was doing the sound didn't try their hardest to make every band sound like total shit.
This is the type of shit you get when you work in philadelphias center city :/
You also have a very photogenic neice.
OMG im not tired
Come party at BLCC tonight. My band Them Sonsabitches is playin with Drag Me Under and Swamp Donkey. $5, starting at 9p. Let's get ill.
Thanks for sharing! We would never turn down a chance to be called awesome : )
Today was a good day {in my Ice Cube voice}.
BORN & RAISED BABY
Of course. I would hope everyone realizes their greatness after all this time.
They are! RT : Are the programs of these four teams awesome or what!
Best league in the g*d damn world mutha feckers! Amazing!!
I've called AT&T about the iPhone *maybe* twice in three years. <U+E00A><U+E00A><U+E00A><U+E00A><U+E00A><U+E00A><U+E00A><U+E00A><U+E00A><U+E00A> al day.
#HowAboutWe; be the type of friend to others that we would want to have when we needed someone to count on?
how are u listening to it?!?
nun much listening to music what about you
Thank you, rain, for your cooperation. It is very much appreciated.
I can have more than one best friend.
we echo truly great work, sir.
tomorrow is monday.....
yea that awesome having your phone charged all day without worrying about it dying I know I can use that (:
S/O to my nigga that nigga graduating tonight .
Maudlin tributes to 9/11 and the first day of the football season. Could there ever be a more perfect day?
Emotions paralyzed tell em I can't feel it
“: we got these blankets instead of tshirts." I like the idea of blankets. I volunteered at race today. COLD!!!
Day 6 of my zombie cold. Hoping some Indian food will knock it out of my system. Very lucky to have taking care of me!
not familiar with all the essentials but Caspa 11-7-09 is full of win.
Wasabi monster? holding a wasabi root?
Milwaukee Mayor votes today -- no joke. One of many early voters. Wonder if his ID is up to par... tonight on Fox6! ;)
Today's BTU inspiration: "It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else’s eyes." ~Sally Field
#22 Historical Train Depot - Bay Saint Louis, MS
do you know about the US Department of State's Women in Public Service Initiative?
A good excuse to have a chocolate cookie today! RT : It's National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day! I think I have to have one!!
We look forward to seeing you support SCAN at the public budget hearing this evening! The address is 6000 16th Ave SW Seattle, WA 98106.
We pray for change, then act no different.
Preparing for Natasha and Chris's wedding! This color is fuschia, ivory and black!
Awh, how old is she? :)
#show Focus Features 400 acre lot Universal Fay Vincent Coke Cola n CAA Package Deal Kansas Play Burt Max lady n Lace
So there are Maple spirits from the Maple trees who make the Maple syrup? Canadians?
Just entered a "sweet" giveaway at www.simplythesweetlife.com. Kitchen Aid, apron, Maple syrup, Gardening goodies.
This Boston and Philly game is cray!
is bored at work.. entertain me!
PickUpLine: I am a magical being, take off your bra
I MISS YOUR SMILE. and i still shed a tear every once in a while
Flight in 2 hours can we say up all night
Oh me? I just had brunch with a wonderful person and now I'm downloading waayy too much music. What are yyYYOOoouu doing??
There is no greater revenge then one who dig's their own grave
I couldn't get letters of recommendation to go back to school.
Why the fuck you gonna follow me to creep than unfollow me . #YouLookStupid !
Everybody download PRIVILEGED by on iTunes its great I listen to it walking to school all the time ;)
Crowd surf - that's all what I really want to si
#oneofthosedays when even the songs on the radio you don't usually like, you like.
Get free promotion to your social networks. Never pay for promotion again! url on my profile. :) follow4follow?
I am of the mind that relationships are not worth the relationshit.
Are you alive after that one?
Rt : Mayor Emmanuel - charters should be independent, innovative, with culture of accountability. Goal is excellence.
Nailed it -> "An App should be part of the business strategy. Not 'the strategy'"
Did you know we have a party room for cupcake decorating, tea parties, and other get togethers? Call Shannon at 503-222-4404 for more info!
sweet! congrats!
Wishing there was an easy and powerful 'out of the box' CMS. WHY HASN'T THIS HAPPENED YET!? Get with the program people.
Daily Report: RIM's Co-Chiefs Step Aside
I guess #tajboyd is seeing that #gamecocks defense is way above average..his jersey is green..lol...#clemson..eating his words
Kill me Now no sleep for 24 hrs Ah!!!!!!!!!
I can't I'm about to eat lol I'll DM you right now :) lol
I'm Hungry!
How unbelievably ignorant and inept some are.
I hate how I live in Joplin and haven't met Christofer Drew
Show today Swinefest we go on at 3 hope to see you there. New song posted "Long Time Coming" Check it out. Specyphi
#llorante he deserved it fought hard till he made it
hello aweful Arthur!
hey bo-bannon - stacey, todd and I are teaching an online edu tech course for teachers. Check out the blog - love to connect
#nowplaying Tattoo forever<U+2665> [i love this song!]
have a great show. Looking forward to next time as well
stop parking in my spot. please&thanks
I'm open to care packages at any time.
hey I just joined Twitter to my photo bucket account
My nex son will be named Wolfgang. Just sayin...
When she was just a girl She expected the world But it flew away from her reach And the bullets catch in her teeth.
when are you going to come to Peru? <U+2708>
looking like a pretty good possibility. Still gonna be my friend? Lol
Once I hit 50 followers, I'll be giving a random follower their choice of 1 FREE #soap, body butter, sugar scrub or lip balm! Please RT!
Multiple Intelligences with Whole Brain Correlations for iiMod Program posted on Facebook Raul Aldape iiMod. English & Spanish flyers also.
I love how car salesmen try to rob you. Not happening today boss.
considering strangling several patients and one co-worker. Maybe two.
Muller: World Bank's decision to make data open meant forgoing funds from selling data.
Avoiding wrinkles tip: Treat your skin with TLC. Don’t over-dry or irritate your face with harsh cleansers or hot water.
you even look older today. Maybe it is the corset pooh getup. Pick somewhere classy to eat. What am I saying? You're like 10
well thanks for the invite! Rude!!
Good music,though.
Chris Davis says "not a shot" when I asked him if he available to pitch tonight for
Happy Mothers day!!! Hope everyone has had a great weekend.
RT wish I had some of Joe's bacon for the snowpocalypse.
I was asked to define passion - to me, it's competence and character on FIRE!
Summer 2012, hurry up!
We will be playing Synopsis for your chance to win tickets coming up next!
thanks for the rt :)
Loving the June/July issue of and can't wait to try so many of the recipes
nice//“: Forgotten B(SEC)S fact: #OKState beat two SEC teams on the road this year: Mizzou and A&M. #SeeWhatIDidThere”
Ugh. that thought gives me a twitch.
I'm wanting to find a spot to display some photographs. I've never exhibited any of my photos for the public
I know CA is.... And cuddling is always good
make money
But the leo doesnt!! RT : I APPRECIATE IT!!
Enjoyed the debate this a.m. Perhaps the ? is more about personal v. corporate blog. Both need personality and opinion.
same me and my mom were just talking about you !
Puking in toilets makes me barf. I get so grossed out seeing people passed out with their head resting on the seat
Thank You for supporting and spreading the word. We really appreciate it!
Opening light JUST started!! Excitement is in the air! Break legs ladies!!
I know but still it has gotta be a big disappointment for them.
New OBEY Summer collection in store Tank's , Tee's, hats
Awh baby! I can not wait to get home and hold her and give her kisses all the time!
Five Guys Food Coma
Only 5 days left to vote for ! Help us win $10,000 in Ikea Products by texting LIFE40 to 62345.
My 3 year old niece goes HAM when Glad You Came and What Makes You Beautiful plays. FUCKING LEGIT.
's grandfather thinks me, her, and are in a gang. We have costumes too. Im Kelsey, Riss is Anna, Jax is Tanya.
What a hot day for the Boston Marathon. Good luck, everyone!
crying myself to sleep.
Computer assessments, cost analysis, annual appraisals...it's shaping up to be a busy week!
you are my idoll!! i think thatyour the best singer to ever live and i look up to you so much! please follow me!!<3
Feel free to repost this if you're an idiot.
Hrm...Will my research be the first to compare rural village food sharing patterns with remittance patterns in the same cultural context?
And now we're to the point where we piss each other off
This heat is tough on our pets too - try to walk your dogs before 10AM and after 8 PM; and always have water available for them.
RT if you like girls
Georgia State football schedule stuff….UNC! Florida! Charlotte! - Atlanta Journal Constitution (blog)
Yet another reason to be glad I was never a Boy Scout.
thanks for the follow!
Oh I see so u are jealous and feel disrespected I feel your pain
Welcome to the
aww.. Lucky. I still haven't been. :-/
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> KRISTEN WANTS THAT KITTY
Sock awareness day. What the fuck.
"You're retarded, you've always been retarded"
Yup, I'm officially on my way back to LA for break nigguhs!
Earth day is this weekend. It is a perfect time to reflect on what you can do to promote eco-friendly living
Is the Opry Mills mall open yet? Maybe moving back to Nashville and would love to know!
truth RT Indie music doesn't get the love it deserves. It's so difficult to get your name out there..
1 of the greatest movie rivalries of all time? Bill Murray vs. Gopher. I come out as the winner though as I watch #Caddyshack while I work.
you're welcome! :-)
no it just says general admission? I'm confused!
thanks sis :) much love back
#gympetpeeves when old people stare at me
sure but hoowwww
I been here *ducks for cover*
YES-THANK GOD HE IS SOME BETTER TODAY HE DOWN TO 3HR TREATMENTS TODAY MIGHT BE HOME BY WEEKEND PRAY HE IS, HUGS FOR U
why are you so antagonistic to women artists?
Want to know why your #TODOLIST is not working. Because it can not complete the tasks themselves. Every task needs some action behind it.
Im still up... that's cool.
outside on the patio, alas. I should have made him tale his shirt off and flex something.
RT Anyone in DC looking for a roommate? Have a friend at AULaw who needs a place to live. Please RT
Just when I thought you were different you go and prove me wrong.
Packers, Steelers would be the Super Bowl of All-time greatest Super Bowl Champions. Who doesn't want that???
I'm pretty sure it's not whatever is going around but still lots if colds in my office
I don't think I've upgraded it lately. I just noticed all my social media widgets disappeared and my custom menu won't show.
Come on 4 o clock... Release me to this weekend
Here comes the bench mob...
will do :)
Do you ever just sit in the car alone for a little "quiet" time?
what happened to us skypeing today?
You are not old. You're just chronologically gifted.
Damn is gonna do an austream and ofcourse i have to go to bed... My life sucks... :(
i got her the office merch and some rings :3333333333
THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHELMEDD.
Dear Guys, don't wear skinny jeans unless you have a nice buttox for me to stare att.
Seeking a Legal Reference/Research Librarian in Palo Alto, CA. Our client is a prestigious, global law firm that offers a generous salary!
Oh my gosh! And apparently since October? We haven't been to that side of Main Street yet. We must be avoiding the traffic jam.
People thing you acting funny but you said things that hurt me so of course i'm go fskw
Is there going to be a miniTOC SF?
He is rich or poor according to what he is, not according to what he has. -Henry Ward Beecher
Woops - should have used the tag - #FreeFest. Who is still there? Having fun?
listening too that quality of life track right now. That's what up tho!!
Hey guys @ Buffer - why you no return emails? I need help on the floating Digg Digg bar and no one has emailed back in weeks...
These velvet-laced bananas are a real classy bunch
I just ended a battle quick on the kobe vs. Lebron topic.
Seriously, not everything they put out is a masterpiece. That double disc was lovely, though.
#STLCards win. Because if they didn't win, they would no longer be my favorite team. Until tomorrow...morning.
Two days and 3 hours of sleep. Finally bed time.
": I miss so much :(" miss u too bebe
- Thank for tour of Co-Working in Fed Hill. Great to see the set-up and I'm excited for your early success!
I'll figure it out sometime but fuck it
Maybe! June will be a rough month so its iffy. you going?
Sound is terrible on the Oscars.
In Matilda a fat kid eats chocolate cake. SNAP! So yes I've seen it and her powers are far insiginificant than allmighty Jedi.
when did you get on twitter?
Disagree! RT : Watching #LOST is like watching Sims interact without the WooHoo.
hey i have an idea, lets stop wearing more make up than clothes. Thanks.
he think he balln cause he got a rental
Not yet...yet.
thanks for the nice picture!
Don't forget TONIGHT at 7:30 come to IMPULSE HIP-HOP with !
In that sdgdhrhetahf kinda mood.
I know not to "mess with him" from those jack links commercials. :-)
Scanner Monitor: Between Sable and Chambers off of Mississippi. Natural Gas Leak. Blowing it from the north
Working today, rocking out with to his brother Noah DJing tunes from Bisbee on Community radio is awesome.
Happy Hump Day! What's everyone listening to? Do you feel alive yet??
Awesome. What's your email address? I'll drop you a note with the meeting info. Thanks!!
warrenchristieed: DEV, NYC?s New Seed Fund For Digital Media ...
#reading Siren in Waiting by & wondering how these people r ever going 2 get together. Can't wait to find out!
the host just disconnected. What's up? Should I call back in?
.haha ==> RT : I hope that's a new weed strain. RT : .gonna hit Universal (:
Truth. Let's not forget "Sewer-Shut of Chicken Assholes."
Gotta love a 12 hour day doing hair...
Feeling robbed and stifled. We're still going to the US Open, but spectators now only. No good Delofted coverage.
I just finished my speed writing! thanks!!! it was good!I wrote an entire third act.
Probably no danger, but I don't know that I really want to share my UUID with a Russian security firm
I wanna go...but my mom laughed at me when I asked for tickets...
that's the name of the game man. No worries there
it seems spring has stopped by for a visit - LOVE this weather!
I don't want to be choked, I want to do the choking. That's what I meant by "I like to choke during sex".
Sleep, you illusive creature.
RT : I don't care willow. Mean girl
it was mixed. Some folks definitely thought social media was irrelevant.
Watching Chicago with :)
When baking, follow directions. When cooking, go by your own taste.
he dnt know what he be talking about lol
Talking about women's sport on #sbchat. Thought you might be interested! Just got done covering WPS. Pretty good input
Also up next at #NewWaveofJournalism: Journalist's Guide to Social Media w/ webjournalist, &
That is crazy. I'd have built shelves from that size.
Remember when Alex kept spitting on me and so I punched him in the face like 5 times.
So thankful my office has a TV
Try gender on the web now!
Running some errands and looking forward to West Coast Swing dance lesson.
Hi.. Do you have the list of gifts for Baby Boy, if you have please share it with me...
19 min remaining in NLC Title Game! 11 High Point 4! #fearthefin Let's Go Ladies!!!
(k) by my house
These storms are #chill. With my bros and
Eating fries on my bedroom floor with azra drinking out of huge pimp cups from germany and britian
Happy mothers day to all of you hard working beautiful mothers of thw world
Shit, I'm so exited
Evil hiding among us is an ancient theme. - John Carpenter (Director)
We are looking forward to watching the first part of the series tomorrow night!
ha yeah it's great. Learning a lot of useful information... Not
I'm having a serious moment. I can't handle right now
i understand ;)
‘Sons Of Anarchy’ Season 5 Casting: Jimmy Smits &amp; Chuck Zito Join Show
So watching #Contagion is the like prequel to any zombie movie ever.
Great pick. We went with Star Trek: First Contact for the time travel episode, but I'm thinking your choice is better.
Hey everybody <3 I am at school right now and I have russian -.- tweet me please? So bored.
In reference to time, are you Early or Late to appointments? I'm always early, why are doctors so late?
More than a little frightening...
Shout out to T.J. High School Sci & Tech Men's & Women's Cross Country teams going to the State Championships in Plains, VA on Sat, Nov 12
RT : Tune-in to on 98.9 The Buzz tomorrow at 9:00. Knighthawk rookies & will be guests.
follback ya drummer ;)
I'd have assumed the cause of agitation to be the arrest. But what do I know? & LAPD is paid not to be nervous.
I'm black and I'm proud
Follow our Mannagementt team
yeah. I'll be over at the other restaurant in a couple hours. I'll get then to you then.
Mother love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible. ~Marion C. G I hope everyone has a wonderful Mother's Day!
i am a lady.
Lmfao ! Shut up !
"Who is Justice Beaver?"
Goodnight everyone... Busy day tomorrow....
I bet she got smelly feet and union smelling underarms
Cause I wuv you and would miss you more than lots. And I didn't hug you goodbye.
:) "For each time you smile you will find it is true somebody, somewhere will smile back at you"~Helen Steiner Rice
Dear John #ChanningTatum <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
This Wednesday's West Side walking tour will focus on urban renewal history on the West Side. Should be fun!
packing for jersey.
aww man ! Lol i addicted you to his CD Didn't i ? (:
i wish i could understand the meaning to what i presently know.
I like a challenge!! Sn: feeling how this weather looks, ugh!!
If you get a chance to give an honest review of DCSP (Amazon, Paperbackswap, goodreads, or elsewhere), it'd be much appreciated.
I keep thinking today is Friday since tomorrow we have off for the holiday.
In the studio
Mitch and Ali u got one darn cute kid! Have a great weekend
I fucking love you so much!
Awesome! Thanks :)
follow she is on fire! THE QUEEN OF DANCE MUSIC"
Watching Melrose Place. Rhonda just said, "I'm teaching cardio-funk in ten minutes."
im new nd im lookn for celebs to follow :)
Crazy busy week. Preparing grants is time consuming! Anyone have any tips?
thank you :D
Awesome hang with finished by moving a monster of a piano that he bought on the cheap!
waiting for my computer to be fixed....
Congratulations to and on merging and becoming I can't wait until I'm apart.
It's about time. Glad Oliver Perez finally came to his senses.
oh no i have to break the seal
Racism still exist because the people who don't suffer from it, don't stand up for the people who do.
"Oh shit, there it is," No matter how many times I've seen Season 3 of the Wire, almost gotta feel for Cheese when he shoots that damn dog
Just walked the Buffalo Bayou trail with the family, it's really nice out there today.
Hey district... Where are you going for happy hour?
Star Tours has something like 7 different stops now. Multi-ride fun!
What is the woman that got 4-men in a very small room and they seem to only notice her ?? No fights No Hating!!! 1 want -- HER!!! Choose ME!
Today's BTU inspiration: "I would rather have a mind opened by wonder than one closed by belief." ~Gerry Spence
OH: I thought Wil Wheaton was somebody on Twitter
Honestly i have thoughts about sayong goodbye .
i keep a lot inside, how else would i survive in this world?!
That was lovely <3
Will they announce the 2012 ACL line up already! I'm dyin over here!!!!
haha glad i could be of assistance! I will talk to joe as soon as i get back on the bus
On another note, my foot is asleep. Dying!
i hate how u dont no how much it hurts that u have time to make tweets and facebook updates but cant text me back... :/
Are people that are from there freaking out at all?
The state of steak? Check it out Chris Artinian will be appearing on FOX Business News today at 11:40am CST today
Off to school...relay for life tomorrow!!(:
let me know if it works. I'm kind of skeptical.
Ready for the disaster that is gonna happen after tomorrow.
lol better stop you . you know you got stalkers on twitter . fuckin bird ready to tweet tweet tweet her beak away lol
DIDNT MISS MUCH....NO SEXY CATS FELL FROM THE SKY :/
yeah, I never really got into that whole sharing thing lol
Pretty sure that Godaddy uses customer #s instead of aliases as well as ridic passwords to keep customers from stopping renewals on domains.
that deserves a blank stare and possibly a raised eyebrow
"No men living are more worthy to be trusted than those who toil up from poverty." #quote from Abraham LIncoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
#uglysiskhloe -____- ?. Really ?.... Idiots made this trend...
I wanna smack this ho
that's amazing :)
honey you have messages from me check them out
“Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.” -Josh Billings
lol thank you though :)
What an awesome sunny morning in Seattle. Happy Tuesday....)
oh yes that would be a brilliant idea! Lol :)
Thank you for the notice, we will investigate.
Love it! Man, I used to love WordPerfect!
WE BACK!!!
So bored
“: Stoked to enjoy Jesus #YPS today. Pray for God's favor to soak every word I speak for His Kingdom.”/grateful for u
Need I ask how this happen?
i love you more babymomma!
Our Fishing Rod Racks make great gifts!
How did u get him to follow u guys?! lol
My dad is comming back on Friday ):
OMG PASTEL 2012. Let's do it. NYC?
yeah is werid
Thanks! Good seeing you too.
Tom Izzo in statement: "And I’m pleased to say I am here for life at Michigan State."
Chennai folks: Which bookstore bears comparison to the Oxford in Kolkata (in terms of size, placement in intellectual life etc)?
With Stoudemire out now, I don't think this hurts the #Knicks all that much, Melo will be more of an offensive factor now.
I go through phases too. And this way I can keep up with sports, and you can keep up with books!
haha.i wish i could text you so i could send you the pic me you and me. Your really funny!;):)
We must be ready to learn from one another, not claiming that we alone possess all truth & somehow have a corner on God. ~Desmond Tutu
I love JOAN RIVERS
MY WIFE AND SON IS HOME WHY O WHY DO I FEEL SO ALL ALONE!!!!!
also, I can't wait till I can go up norf with you fools.
Probably not a good idea to have had about 50 oysters at #harborhousemke before a my 5k tomorrow.
the skinny red fox waslked under the boring dog.
not sure. id guess 230, 3
YMCMB will not be doing ANY shows in the Omaha area... Smdh
He don't wanna play behind "Dee" he's jr yr at KENTUCKY! #goCats RT : Shabazz going to unlv
Huzzah! Envelopes are made. I love the pictures in the pdx Finder magazine for making envelopes.
YES! Like I'm Not Hating Or Anything, but she did.
Thanks to everyone who came out and supported us. It was awesome to play Vaudeville for the first time, thanks for the love.
1st race (1/2 marathon) since going Paleo-wow, what a difference in stamina and recovery. I'm no superstar but kind of feel like one anyway.
Genetic testing to see which meds work for you? cool
Black people dont never be on time, yea im talkin about u
long ways lol
it's the least I can do ;)
Great coach wish her the best! RT : Knoxville News reporting Pat Summitt steps down as Tennessee women's head coach.
iTunes shuffle just took me from The Stooges to Belle & Sebastian.
Yess :) Thank you
Making my way to the corp run. So far I haven't passed out yet.
Be faithful to that which exists nowhere but in yourself - and thus make yourself indispensable. Andre Gide
Best wishes!!
I <3 u from the moon&back From across town back to the high school and x8 around the track Then to wherever u are!
I met u in chicago& florida after the mardi gras parade do u remember me?
Check out the Badger Career Network Facebook Fan Page! Let the Wisconsin Alumni Association help along your career path!
The new era
Check out our new Ep "Edge of Collapse" now on Itunes!
more closing issues? Sorry to hear you are frustrated!! Hope it all works out.
thanks for the mention! U-Rock!
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed Aha Sit Back And Relax...
What is the most important thing you find at the MOMS Sale on March 12th? And how much are you willing to pay for it?
Cross-training took it out of me tonight but tomorrow will be a cool 3 miles. Can't wait.
Did i really just wake up?
This makes the Titanic song way more sad.
Got accepted to the Masters of Music Horn Performance program at San Francisco Conservatory!!!!!! :) :) :)
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard
we sat in 109 with you guys a few weeks back and now we are obsessed. Chanted for #shark last night in 136 too!
but on the real i had hella fun with my group doin the project
We want to thank the great people from for manning our phone bank tonight!
Oh. I thought it got a limited release somewhere. It was the only film I saw at Lone Star Film Fest this year
Thanks!! So excited to be back! :) RT Welcome back!!
Pretty poor four-hit outing by the offense again. Something needs to change.
Given no word on Gasol, I need to start Ant Rand this week. Do you think he continues to get big minutes?
Im good. A little busy today running around with errands, but I'll make it hahaha
i knw, a lot of people feeln tht way right now lol. ive been busy haha. im good tho, how r u?
thanks for sharing!
you're a lifesaver. gimme a quick follow so I can send a DM
Awake :I
Today is Speak in #REM Lyrics Day. I only know words from the first 4 albums, but fortunately it's not the end of the world.
Basically... ALL details go in one ear & out the other
Tears flowed from my eyes. I'm so very sorry for your loss. I said a special prayer for you & your family tonight. Much love~
thrilled is back on!
Asphalt ceiling = much more oppressive than the usual glass ceiling.
WOW! Would the Packers be able to get that for Flynn?
Getting our Twitter account live in anticipation of our Grand Opening. Follow us to get in on our launch giveaways!
#YouWereCuteUntil you lied about your age.
if i didn't know you, i'd rather not know. if i couldnt have you, i'd rather be alone.
lmao......my kids said to me what did u do for fun growing up without ps3 and internet? I said we used to Play out side
thanks for the RT
Still at blackbirds. Whose got 2 thumbs and is gonna be in trouble tomorrow?
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW and ill shout you out if you ask!
bonding with my brother by clean up the house haha
haha it'd harder. You bar the 3rd fret
sometimes i really just wanna smack people
i was in the 5th slot so i ran in the loop, probably the coolest was the lead-in to bonnet carre spillway, surreal
you gettin the pool right? well ether way you are
I didn't vote yet but santorum will be my choice offset Romney
Congrats to Big Al Jefferson, Josh Howard and the rest of on reaching the postseason! Quite a run.
thanks again for the feature! I'm flattered! :) happy cinco de mayo weekend everyone!
Why can't more women want the same?
One day after I get internet service fixed..the phone goes out..service means nothing to some companies these days..
We just followed your #Pinterest boards!
:-) I can relate! Our renditions of "Happy Birthday" make all the neighborhood dogs howl. Happy Mother's Day!
I need to trade some snapbacks
Madness in the Personal Informatics workshop = 6 min talk = not so mad = win!
#YouKnowLifeisGreatWhen... your whiskey still doubles as an explosives lab. #yuckalert 4 "Who that's some strong stuff"
What can I say? I'm a sucker for love. I made fun of the Royal Wedding and now I can't stop watching it.
Oof. RT RT : Charlie Manuel just said the Phillies are playing poorly 'in all phrases of the game."
"R" is among the most menacing of sounds! That's why it's "murder" and not "muckduck."
want to know what the best thing is? just completely ignore them. Don't fight fire with fire. It doesn't matter what they say
I hope he has incredible metabolism!
Cuz far knew I had dem 20's n big fat
Bard seems to have settled down. Red Sox up 4-3.
Who else read #fiftyshadesofgrey ????
Another Beautiful day! Today's special is a pastrami sandwich! Don't forget your side of greek fries!
Oh, that's right. Vest is an undershirt there, isn't it? My apologies. Waistcoat. Definitely.
Kei down and limping! I told you this dang rain not good on my guys!! This sucks.
Not feeling it today.
Can't wait to smash my baby making me some smothered chicken rice and gravy!
If your wife is out of town & you think you are "babysitting" your own kids, you need a refresher on "fatherhood!"
Openings in Detroit: .Net / SharePoint Developers, Technical Project Managers and Coordinators, Flash Developers, and PHP Web Developers.
keep going on MSLSD you stuttering retarded troll. You make those weirdos like "The Bulldyke" look half way normal.Take ur meds
The man who has no imagination has no wings
what are his cap numbers? Honestly didn't even look
pwease follow me(:
#sschat, Thanks for the great chat tonight!
Jordan Grassi Band @ Smith's Olde Bar this Saturday, doors at 4pm.... Are you coming? I hope so!
Chocolate chip....?
Hahahha awesome end! #mlamobiletech they added music!!!
New record would be nearly perfect if he didn't sing about being a Dodgers fan on "Only Son of the Ladiesman"
a misunderstanding. Ava's book said "escaped being attacked by pirates" and she got excited.
And this whole time i thought you were Asian.
Glad you could join us! See you again soon!
Great class tonight! Extreme cardio day and everyone killed it.
In the weight room and the gym is my trap house
You can encourage others by letting them know about EggDrop or selling your own stuff and actively engaging your neighbors.
Welp...I'm sufficiently freaked out for the day. Ha ha! =P
just was there
Okay ... time to personally join twitter and stop hiding behind a biz account.
Stoked for $20 off with #AmexWholeFoods!! Now, what to make for dinner?
they a bunch of haters Bruce!! You must be doing something right! :) ready for this championship run!? #GoSpursGo!!!
Whats up... How much more school do you have left.
makes me laugh every time i watch
Good morning! How was your weekend?
I just had a Sister (the religious kind) enter to win Momofuku!
Amazing and well deserved. Congratulations!
“: I think some people should get two Facebook accounts... one for each face”
Life is a marathon - don't sprint and burn out. Care for yourself and go the distance, savoring every moment!
It's about that time
new website is up! once i tweek it a bit i'll post a link :)
5 Beautiful Road Bicycles - 1 Woman - PhotosSelectismcom - road bikes women
Rooting for
Congrats :) Start Drinking!! RT Passed all of my boards!!! I'm an RDH whoo hoo
'He said he wanted to f**k the s**t out of me..' Mariah Yeater - LOOL and I ate a krabby patty on my purple unicorn in Narnia yesterday .
[2Cor5:21] FatherGod made our Lord Christ who knew no sin; to be sin for us & we are made the righteousness of FatherGod in our Lord Christ.
Sometimes that right person was there all along... but you never saw them because the wrong person was always in their way.
We reported you for spam, but would rather report you for your heinously bright smile and botoxed face....
OMG!last sunday i went to my cousin who are marrie i see a boy is so cute,cool,hamsome,nice he told i was so beautiful,THX DARLING!
PEACE DAY 2011 Entertainment & Fun for the WHOLE family... FREE! FREE! Saturday, May 14, 2011 1350 S. Sepulveda Blvd. LA, CA RETWEET!
I speak for the weak hearted and rejected and not just myself. I pray for the depressed and stressed and not only me. I defend courtesy!
We often forget to fully live in the present. Like I said, your moment is coming... be patient and enjoy each moment. : )
You are darling!
how's you english project coming?
Happiness is blackout stout
A moment to think about who I will meet today and what we can share.
Perfect that's when I was thinking. RT those specials for me please, kind sir.
Other phony memories from Mitt's childhood: Inventing the cotton gin, Seeing Mozart in concert, & Hearing War of 1812 updates on the radio.
It's so cool I couldn't read the story!
I love my brothers room...
Shower<3 then off to bed! :)
really can't tell but seems science oriented...
now that u have a license u have no excuse 2 say u cnt chill with me cuz u can drive 2 my Plc :)
We love your work ! Looking forward to an #IU reunion soon!
I just sold all my stock so I can unleash some beautiful vinyl on you in the next couple months. Stay tuned.
Great strategy session with the development team this morning... 2011 is going to be a great year for empowering and tracking social...
Good Luck!
ONLY 5 DAYS LEFT UNTIL PI-ATHLON! Who's ready for pudding wrestling or to pie-a-pal!
. Just me <U+25BC> . Between the promise and the product there is always the process.yes It takes time for our...
Bitch you wasn't with me recording in the lab!
DID YOU FORGET THE PHONE WORKS BOTH WAYS?(;
Jeffrey has now been ordained and elevated from Brother to Reverend! Please join us in welcoming Rev. Jeffrey to the ministry!
Svr T-storm warning expires for Blue Earth, Brown, and watonwan Counties.
Sounds great! We'd love to work with you!
why do republicans hate gay marriage? They sure don't hate gay prostitutes
y ya'll co-worker keep running up and down this damn isle? Lmao!
chi-chin!!!
Come and say good-bye to Perry Merkel today. Free drinks all day until 5 p.m. to celebrate his retirement.
“Never succumb to the temptation of bitterness.” -Martin Luther King Jr.
I always have fun at the Hunter house :)
in car listening to power 96 baby
Wow-My site is red and green-who changed the colors? Anyone ever have this happen to them?
I hope I am in a tent, sleeping, 24hrs from now. 12 hrs frm now, I'd better be packed. 10 bucks says Danny Ocean will be in my dreams 2night
Tip: Critique a website for what it is & what it needs to accomplish, NOT what you _want_ it to be and what you _think_ it should say.
V-Day on the road for us listening to the sweet sounds of Rick James. Now that's romantic. Congrats to #theblackkeys! 2 piece bands rule.
hiey there :D
No lie
#LN2012 discussion- Why so workers form unions?
Straight acting gay boys #wellimattracted honestboys
So, basically, I can't use the Internet until I watch Mad Men, otherwise it's just the Spoilernet. Thanks, Internet, yay!
THANK YOU! I just received 2 free passes to any/all museums for mentioning Volunteer Month.
Twitters just somewhere to go when there's no one to listen.
*dies from mighty green fist bump*
Last full week of school.
"I always look to the system for a solution. If a challenge arises I use a system correction before I look for a people correction. I use...
We had the BEST time today! Can't wait for more tomorrow. Thank you!
#SaySomething makes me wanna drop everything im doing and dance<3 #PERFECTION 11
NO PINK SLIME in our meat supply!! Another reason to go organic, eh? It isn't designer food...it's REAL food.
What's the 85 percentile rule?
He showed today he has what it takes for the Belmont, its the Preakness we need to worry about
I've gotten great results from radio campaigns (charting) but costs $$$$$ Nice to switch it up in age of internet
My favorite skater is Lil Wayne.
Am i the only one not watching vin's ustream? Fml. Somebody better record it
It took a whole week for somebody to register this. whois geneticallydifferent.com
Good morning to recent follows and new friends and Have a great day.
Today I am thankful.
thanks for all the retweets!!!
Our lunch special runs till 4 so u've got 1hr to come in & get your $5 Pastrami Sandwich!
: "IPhone coming real soon” Siri, it's 1st and goal... What's the play?
neither do I :S
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to some great #socialmedia insight from the City of Angels!
I shall show you the email tomorrow :)
Thinking about how only in Los Angeles would you see on a hike like I did yesterday in Griffith Park...
mom I'm sorry but your food smells like something died
Follow me ;)
Life is not the amount of breaths you take, it's the moments that take your breath away
When someone tells you its the principle of the thing and not the money, its usually the money.
y'all coming to Florida the weekend of the July 29th?30th bday party for me and 70th bday for Matante paullette! Come thru!
when I pitched in college my pre game meal was a snickers and a subway turkey sub. Haha try that!
Thing is, the embedded regs make it a less crappy product & medicaid expansion is HUGE. Suspect it will be an all-or-nothing case
That last retweet was directed to the lovely who knows all about Tagg for dogs..and Happy Mother's Day!!
hehe I'm gonna get a John Cena 1 and a Randy Orton 1 :D
jack says all time low won't be on the warped tour this year. i haven't been to a warped tour ever where atl wasn't playing. i'm confused.
Enjoying a great lunch with San Antonio hotel and lodging folks. Getting a first glimpse at #Aquatica today.
: RT : I don't want perfect, I want real.
my faces ugliness proved you wrong
enjoyed a hot cup of soup , yum!!!
Yes I did leave the Lucki gurlz I wish them all the best, it just wasnt for me. But I have many new projects ahead, stay tuned
We have like 2 :p so totally come hang with us!
How much make up do you think Mary j blidge got on ?
Senior trips and events
Good Morning Thank you and have a wonderful day!!!
what i cant wait for? the War between tweeters and facebookers! its gonna happen! lmbo
Welcome! What's new in your world?
girl byee. If you want a ass eater and somebody to finger your booty hole you can holla at your boo
yes he does he can play
what am I doing right? Feels like everything is going wrong
Wish u were here! RT : Go, Shasta! And don't be nervous: you have an incredible biz that's unique + necessary.
Everyone please go follow my good friend he is new to twitter :)
140 characters really count! A tweet by a friend who just lost her job was cut off at "...now what? I just got laid
Hi Ann! Can us ladies in the Front Office get a Followback - you will be our 4th DCC!!! Ladies in sports ROK! :))
#NYCFashionWeek2012 Feb.10-16 Snap a shot of the best street fashion YOU have seen! Winner of best photo will get a FREE pair of SHOES!!
Good luck Robert <3
I just had the craziest dream about Harry Potter! Epic haha.
Yay! Ryan Miller to the Browns and Ryan Lindley to the Cardinals. Good day!
Long tittie no nipple bitch !! - Kevin Hart voice.
Trying to make life better for myself.
Awful, yes. More and more? I haven't seen any evidence of that. Thanks for the note.
My mom just taught my brother "science" by letting out an old fire extinguisher....
Should the LA Clippers/Memphis Grizzlies series go Game 7, Round 2, Game A could then be on Tuesday, May 15 -from ur unkwn source
GO BiG BLUE! (=
Recording at the sweatbox studio, home to long sofas.
Hey Cincy! Did You Mean Australia? is at the Mad hatter tonight!
I've never been but it seems like a really innovative museum.
i need some metal in me this morning
RT Ask medical librarians, who are the most knowledgeable people about health sites MT : MedlinePlus Guide..
hi little diva! I have 5 year old twins but they're sleeping.
love the new profile pic boy!
ah yeah
But I mean I never said I hated you? I just have nothing for you.
Visiting, work, and exploration :)
I love good negotiators!
Grief often makes us act unbecomingly elsewhere when it's really that our heart's are simply sad.
I'm just about finished with these high schoolers trying me -_-
Why is Wilco the best band ever...Tweety is a god above men when it comes to writing lyrics
16 hour day. Quitting time.
This is what I get for thinking, “It’s a little shocking the wheels haven’t yet fallen off of this Sox lead.”
aight i'll b nice lol (; but i'll give u some rest k we can talk later on(:
Haha I forgot how old my sister was for a min .
- IM held in respect & prayer in face of ignorance & danger, & "moderates" complicit by inaction!
Thanks for the #FatTuesday follows & we are looking forward to your #TWEETs!
thanks for throwing Caleb a ball at the game yesterday - he was so excited! :)
yes, it needs a few tweaks but is in testing
Sylvia Angel's status: Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. ~ Jim Rohn
On ebay Finna order me some earphones
Excuse me , could you empty out your pockets , I think you stoled my heart :)
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
dayum everyones tweeting about you all down my newsfeed, what's so special? Lol I can't tell I'm on moble
Such a terrible day! Im in a terrible mood and people are pissing me off!
A nigga you out here at the O.co lets get high mane.. Hell Yeah DHB touchdown RAIDERS
If you aren't keeping up with #mobile news & trends #GoSeekSomeHelp from
So many jokes...
haha I try
People don't remember the good things as much as they remember the bad. Do one bad thing and you're marked for life.
may attempt to livetweet some of this; will be using #YPDA for tag. follow or mute as applicable. :)
hey man, yes I am, im still working very hard and making very good progress too
Shared a secret that I've kept bottled up for years, except to the people I trusted the most.
Ive done qudd at not sayinq shit lately.! so let me continue
Lmao bailey and that shirt.
Tweeting about THATCamp Columbus?Use the #thatcamp hashtag. Nice and short.
Unlock yr mom badge at www.influenster.com/badges- we have great programs for moms coming up soon!
ya I def agree. They wanted to make the new food plate simpler, which they accomplished. But sad to see the steps go
#linsanity #knicks #lin are back tonight and under the bright lights. Snap pics of your fav linsane sign and submit to
It's our founder's birthday!
haha tiff(: you are CRAZY!!
I hear you can pay fifty-some-odd bucks to get into the Starhawk beta, and it comes with a free copy of Uncharted 3!
your an idiot. sending your twin to fight. pussy.
link me?
about to plan for tomorrow's adventure. XD
I'm up at 3:30am 2 take a flight 4 a gig b cause that's the type of agent I got :(
Hey! You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me ;) <3.. BUT PLEASE IVE BEEN TRYING EVER SINCE!<U+2665>!
Good call! RT : A8 I literally just purchased some last week! Better safe than sorry
WE need you. Get to coach and try to help us understand what happen and where do we go from here.
You still down for pulled pork sandwiches?
oh yeah I saw that he got ejected I remember that but you know jermy Lin done for season
Once older people really figure out how to use twitter, it's going to cause people a lot of trouble.
Marlee has problems doing laundry and demands I come and give her a cigarette.
“: #BeautyOfIslam the high status it gives to women.”//Could u explain this? I am not being facetious or negative. Just want 2 learn.
dream chaser 2 mixtape is dope
Five infielder alert.
Piano Time <U+2764>
Think before you act.
i don't see how #2omf are still together. one uses the other & the other cant be alone. but they're both clearly unhappy...
I believe I have you down for a small..they're $12! Let me know if you need my address again!
How are you defining quality?
na, just don't be dumb
DMs received, thank you.
“: Next list: amazing singers/vocalists " thanks so much!
I'll show you tomorrow. It's easier that way.
Man oh man, lotta drunkin girls on my lap rite now. #LML The night was so good. Buzzed and ready to go on a journey!
The kid is back. Just landed in LA and back to the weight room tomorrow. Feels so good to be back.
Text me when you get here! I got some hook-ups for you! 702-556-5062
So my lil um (vacation) did not feel real & now I keep going in & out of feeling like myself wth is going on guess this is ethics hmn
a life of science will be at both of these comicons please make sure to come check out our new comic and album
EDS launching Be-Salty.com
loooveyouuu, ill see ya in a few. I seriously need help with stats PLEASE
Cant say that I enjoy that Counting Crows cover of "Ballad of El Goodo".
I have a snarky response to that, but I'm not going to send it to you until Saturday. *revenge* (love you too)
"Let me stick my Wii in your Xbox!" OMG, I just said that... -MCNutt
going home this wknd! ahh, cant wait:D
Hey everybody, break out your faux fur overcoats and meet me at the beach lol
Just a little work today, and then off to spend the rest of break in Chicago!
Thanks for the RT! Hope to see you at #Fridays soon :)
Thanks homegirl, it was an honor to rock with Ski
No long walks for us today. Our trips outside are all business when it's this hot.
Kicking it off tonight with Captain America... The only one I haven't already seen.
we were there with her too! RT : Spotted by : Beth Leavel at
I def want to hear more about this come Feb 1.
Eat Support our local businesses! Plus follow us and receive 10% off first session at www.superimpactfitness.com
we are looking for more girl brands! hit us up
yeah, like 1 CD
I'm hoping that was his own decision. R isn't that bad is he?
I'm an asshole. So give me a rim job
Of course. Wouldn't miss it!
yea.... wats on the menu bruh...
I love Chelsea Handler.
This sub is urking me in ways i cant describe...
I wish you were going to be at #warpedtour this year D: <\3
Ha! He didn't catch that!
Basically the entire array of just started following me. Awesome. Now I'm hungry!
Birdies For Bunks II - DRIVE FOR FIVE 2010 - Goal - new bunks & mattresses - 5 dorm rooms for 2010 Wisconsin State Fair
I know what I deserve <U+270C>
are you think girl who is texting me?
Get a top offer on your car today with us. Sell us your #junkcar for money.We Pay and Tow Away, Call us Today!
pizza is my valentine<U+2665><U+2665>
um *wit a lol tongue* lol
'd take Jeffery over both of them.
Do not bathe. Or wash the dishes. Or clean anything.
CW: Who is Dick Clark? Game Show host? Me: are you shitting me...NEW YEARS EVE... CW: oh I still don't know.
How the hell did all this shit happen at my job and its only been two hours
Makes my day!!
respect the people who stay strong, even when they have every right to break down
What kinds of new technology for teaching and learning do you want to learn more about this year?
I love the Back in Black segment on The Daily Show.
I'm getting really fucking sick of this. Stop pretending you fucking care when you obviously don't.
Awww! Hope I get to meet her sometime!
Google+ Circles really need math set functionality. Intersections, nots, etc. Would enable stronger identity functionality down the road.
#imagine You're taking a shower and Louis comes in. He stops the water and slaps ur ass 'You don't need water.. I can make u wet.' ;)
I've been neglecting twitter.
Every Directioner has met One Direction either in person or in their dreams or both
I pray to the Creator for relief to the weak: the abused and the starved, the homeless and the poor, those we can't see their pain.
RT : happy birthday to the best agent in the biz #sportsbiz He's currently my SECOND favorite Adam, too
Watching Harvest with Viggle Thu | 15:45 | TMC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Im Late You Know Wat I Say About Luck But Thanks
Walter White needs to stop bailing him out!
I'd like everyone to know I am sitting in my house wearing a new top from Kohls.
you guys are amazing<3
my aunt is having a baby boy! awesome! oh and how the heck did Mrs fowler get teacher of the year at pfms??
RT : Focus on the "must do's" rather than be distracted by the "might be's". Jay Strack at
Gizmodo: As had been expected, Facebook will debut on the Nasdaq tomorrow morning at a price of $38 per share . What's th
I smell fried chicken in da air, luv being from da westside of da Chi..chicken smelling FYE
If you are a small business owner in #mn you should be following and
Steve Kraske of said he wouldn't be showing up if he wins big lottery. Still waiting to hear who won in NE Kanasas. Nervous
excited about nonprofit/social media event tonight!
Now im in my feelings and im Pissed the fuck off......
2012 Pick Up Lines: "I have a full tank of gas." lol
My special moment ^.^
I have to unplug my vibrator to plug in my cell phone.
What a moment hearing Steve Reich's Three Movements for Orchestra - 1. Mvt 1 in The Hunger Games film tonight
I gotta start treating my girl better. (with that I mean my bf) my BFF. Lol.
RT : AL PACINO confirmed for , his experimental Doc has its Irish Premiere (via ) (via )
no I'm sorry!
New Picket Fence Bed is about to release. Quick production and much less expensive with same solid wood quality!
thanks for the follow! WGSN-Homebuildlife covers NYIGF every year for our global subscribers. Always a popular report from our site.
Would love to see you guys at the #farmersmarket tomorrow! Come by for some tasty food, fruits, veggies & more!!
hahaha I still won so it's all good.
Do you ever think When you’re all alone All that we could be Where this thing could go
you know what they say: less than All cannot satisfy Man.
Mad flooding on meridian -- avoid the r hand lanes and careful at intersections!!
#OrlandoSec We need a mature infosec community in Orlando. Notice I said mature community, not mature members.
"This is a fucking asshole of a day"
Thanks for the follow Michelle!! ( :
Daughter just saw on FSN and said, "Hey, is a pitcher!"
": #Aries often are unwilling to obey or submit to directions unless there is a very good reason to. They lead, not follow."
Josh Hamilton going HAM on tarp at #OPACY. Too bad he didn't tear his ACL.
ur LOCAL #Acupuncture #Chiropractor #Massage or Physical Therapist may have samples. Call 4 a #local source 800-225-3963
Mark Fantasia, Live, this Saturday Night at 9pm till 1am!! Come spend the night with friends at Scotland Yard Pub.
#MIOBI was just on Jeopardy! Category "M"TV asking which show Emily Kmetko is a gymnast on-now we REALLY need to
network. if it was my phone obviously other people wouldn't be complaining (and I'd just get a new phone)
great, that is exactly what I did- I plugged it in. Grrr.
I KNOW YOU REALLY DID THAT TO ME. And I love it:)
I would like a closer relationship with some people....I need to start working on that
I think it's time to lighten up a mood a bit... and my hair!
which one?
no ... lol and he just did i guess?
Php Developers in LA, PM me as I have a job lead for you in the Valley
T4: Patients are the customers of healthcare. If they believe in accountable care then the market must adapt.
INTERESTING STAT: The Packers are 12-0 when playing other NFL teams this season.
Waiting Up >>>>
Know of anyone seeking a remote Financial & Business Reporting Analyst to conduct business for them on a part-time basis?
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Sure, where at?(:
When kfc forgets my mac and cheese..
When your down listen to them kick you with clever wording
Five different readings of this one line across 6 different editions/issues/states I've identified so far, all published in the same year.
I need money.
follow back ?
Capitals extended their winning streak to 8 games today with an overtime win against the defending champion Blackhawks.
“: This is the 1st time since 1980 that no Florida, FSU or Miami player was taken in 1st round. #NFLdraft” ouch
Packin no bag, nothin but the clothes on my back.
i need something to do tonight!
I've always wanted to be a procrastinator, I just never got around to it.
It is going to be the most fantastic weekend! Make sure to stop by to get your bike tuned up before Saturday!
yippee you are home! xoxo
Hey it's Selena i hacked my friend Demi :)
worked on 2 photo shoots today. Now its time to relax and edit some photos
that works for me! I'll DM you for your email. Yay!
omg yes I had to drink a ton of wAter before mine then they press to hard not cool
You are the Prototype.....*Andre3000Voice*
Looking forward to seeing the pix!
the awkward moment when your phone grows legs and gets lost
But totally worth it to have you back in the USA!
Nyc taxi drivers don't fuck around.
even though you divorced me for a straight guy I love you :)
best tweet in months on here.
meet next week?
no baseball. But we do have flappers from the jazz era
Worst timeout ever.
My new found favorite board game is Taboo!
I like jary
if they make a toy story 4, Liam should play Andy. ok .
Why do cabs honk at people as if they'll all of a sudden realize that they need a ride somewhere?
#worstthingintheworld , A Blackout .
I have to shit
MBAs are so expensive. But you are out of debt and 85% done with it?
Stiles poor hand that gotta hurt ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Most of the ascedians are working from home today except for the fearless who hiked it in. Who's notorious now?
Nicki mnaj fan? Than follow this girl
that track goes in majorly bruh did his fucking thing + legendary
yes, that would be a quite a workout
“Everything you can imagine is real.” <U+2015> Pablo Picasso
Should go to the gym this morning but I may just stay in bed reading blogs and drinking tea.
In so few characters? True!
Over 600 museums just in Minnesota. Anyone know how many is USA?
It's amazing how someone can break your heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces.
Thanks for the mention!
Me and my daughter shakes it!!
its like In KNOTS!!:0
Looking forward to seeing Act Like a Lady think Like a Man
Stop complaining, I promise someone else is having a harder time with life right now take what youve been giving & make the best of it
I break up w/ him everyday too he sucks!.
23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #19:Upland Dragon Fly Indiana IPA
Major Russell's father only had a 6th grade education and worked his entire life with 2-3 jobs. His parents were a big influence on his life
Alright I'm done with you hater.
Yay!! Can't wait.
So glad this barrage of Masters tweets will cease tomorrow.
The moon is so awesome. Blood moon
": Dear therapist, I might actually come see you if your job title didn`t spell out "the rapist" Sincerely, not lying down."
of course!
My alarms set for 4 hours and 28 minutes
New session of Practice Tweets this morning with &
really excited about the concert in phoenix..I DO NOT LOSE FOR NOTHING IN THE WORLD..I have to travel but no matter :)
Although #colorblocking is a fun trend,it can b very tricky.There IS a method. B sure 2 put the right colors 2gether in the right areas.-PD
Do girls not know how to text something interesting?
The problem with spraying the inside of my stove with oven cleaner is that I now have to follow-up on it.
I don't like when people unfollow me, but I definitely don't make a big deal about it.
Ur body detoxifies when u fast
fuck a six pack ! you skinny fucks
we're trying to email you but your contact us form is down. What's the best way to email you?
will Tyler manage to get over his sire bond to Klaus so he can be with Caroline?
Bro asking to use your home studio for non-music activities...
$69 for our Hot Stone Facial! Save $20 this week! Melt your stress away and leave with glowing skin!
Absolutely. Sushi this week!
#YEE getting a new phone
My new life begins tomorrow morning. I move out of my parents house and start at Moto restaurant....life couldnt be better
"What's your problem?" "Well, my parents were actually brothers..."
I guess I meant people that aren't blind. Everyone thought Roy O was blind, but he wasn't.
Hi Catherine - Thanks for the follow.
Cooking up delish Brazilian food for book release tomorrow evening! Want in? DM me!
winner of this game takes the series
Flipboard is officially the app that makes my iPad worth every dime. Loving it.
NERD HIGHLANDER
lmao how she like the cutest college player there is
i can personally recommend the strawberry & cream gelato at splendoras. it is amazing.
RT : today's mail: "Sometimes mistakes lead us to wonderful places."
everyone has an asshole friend,if you don't you're the asshole
RT : I don't want to party, I want to work. But like a job that lets me party.
Congrats to Prof. Lusby and founding members of the Mob Tech Club at MDC for holding 1st meeting today!
Dude what r u gonna b downtown? Mr.two Dozen
I stroll to Pick 'n Save for my beer purchases.
getting seizures from your flicking pic too! But it does stand out...
If there is a god valverde closes the door here!
‘The Singularity is Near’ (Kurzweil) film debuts at Sonoma Film Festival April 15-18, 2010 with a special screening on April 16 2010
Chapter 2012 Page 96 of 366 Challenging myself to step out of my comfort zone
did u get my g/m text? :)
Wasn't that Barney Rubble's son?
hope you had fun tonight!
thanks love! Haha definitely wasn't competitive!
OK twitterites. If you are posting to push a business, do not follow me! Do not post to me! I can and do block and report spam to Twitter.
We provide the music, the audience provides the silence
Good night(: gotta be at my school at 7:45 to test. I just need one quick look at my study guide.
#CommonsMondays | A series of beer & music events that will SURELY take off the edge | COME JOIN | 5PM |
Walker's Pint will be raffling off Rachel Maddow tickets for everyone drinking tonight! Don't forget about their karaoke at 9:30!
Who is participating in the XML workshop on the 10th of May?
Hi! Wow. Um. I got nothin.'
I sorta love the stuntness of it. Next up: Snooki from "The Jersey Shore" writes columns on boxing.
my fave: Dance is recognizing & communicating our collective conscience, our interdependence, through the moving body. Sahar Javedani
Wait. Whats this about Danger Snack giving away concert tickets on Monday? Oh, I should check out your FB page? Okay.
finally made it home! just got up a little bit ago. The fates wanted me to stay in LA! :-)
I'm still waiting for that game of hide and seek in McDonalds! Wait, was it hide and seek?
I not afraid of the things I do, I am more afraid of the thing I don't do or wish I had done.
Looks like a great conference!
The President's Cup begins this week! Go Team USA!
yea we just need to get playing & as we go along we'll get to know them some people didn't like JC and nibbles in the beginning
to mass to come get me<3
It's that time of year again! The Half-Off Hotel Sale starts Nov. 17th, do you have your half-off hotel picked out? (We're one of...
If you have it in your Heart, and an EXTRA Coat in your closet or one that doesn't fit...or even if you can AFFORD to buy a NEW one, just f…
Taht awkward moment when you see your crush at Fredmeyers and you are with your dad and older brother...
Its going to be nuts this thursday !
empire records is one of my fav movies too. definitely looking to pick the soundtrack up tomorrow
hey jealousy, hungry heart
hah was on a sewing machine, but this year it'll be ready to go for you. Thanks for reaching out!
Thanks for your tips about twitblock - good helpful info.
New #cinemapocalypse coming this evening. Join me, , and disco as we rant about the new releases.
Same here, but I only cut the cord days ago. Will never go back...
I thought last night's speech was the most presidential of all the campaign so far
oh. thank you! I didn't know that!! I've just been waiting! now It's downloading. :) YAY
Oh, that's right, blame it on the phone! RT My phone is avting extreamly stupid:|
": Had a dream last night that I met ...if only that'd actually happen now! <3" & it'd be better if I was there!
Two guys in park drinking boxed wine just gave me a thumbs up. So, I've got my plans for tonight: threesome!
RT New Special: Beef Frank w/ standard toppings, fries canned soda or iced tea for $6.75. Get over here!
“: Bahhh...someone suggest a song for me to listen to!!!”Mario galaxy soundtrack
We know our friends by their defects rather than their merits. - W. Somerset Maugham
your welcome
Hence why he is coming back in the gameRT : Manu has been mostly good, but the second unit has been brutal on off when Tony isn'tin
what does that mean.? O_O
I'm a little down right now and need some uplifting :(
Idiots. “: Official: NBC will never learn. RT : WHITNEY is renewed”
if coffee were booze i would be hammered all day
FINALLY MY TWITTER IS BACK TO NORMAL ALL THESE #AlexLovesUs were making my twitter Crazy xD
can't argue with that.
YES I CAN!! RAISE IT! Final from PNC: Pirates 4 Nationals 2
Sometimes that is a lie too. Folks just don't want the responsibility.
knicks got me tight!!!!!!
I'm getting a Young & Reckless shirt!:)
then they break into song. “: Delegate takes the time to mention American Idol" . #NVGOP”
Don't take any stuff from Joe!
I dont know but hey :)
You've got that one thing ;)
Dang you have a lot of followers. Haha
April is tossing rainbows! iConference magic!
ATT security hole exposes iPad users e-mails AP - AT
Emanuel touting merit pay for principals, extended school day/school year as collective bargaining achievements.
Last night was the first time I've seen (not listened to) Kimbrel pitch. Possibly the nastiest slider I've ever seen. Sick combo w/ Venters
With the vacuum pump, you can get a good week out of a bottle. Without the pump, about half that time.
Came all the way from Anaheim to watch the last game of the season
Right back at ya! RT : Dropping by a hello and Happy Halloween to ITM.
Jim Demint's a moron. I should know I'm from SC
congrats to you and now make him a cowboys fan LOL
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it. ~ Norman Schwarzkopf
We had an awesome weekend here at The SCoop! Tomorrow's live show is going to be exciting!
Little annoying fliying bitch bugs everywhere
Legitimately yelled "SAGANAKI" when someone asked if I knew about the cheese at
I hope you mean nasty in a good way haha
my last RT ok
Stoked!! RT : Rumor has it that Arsenal are making their move for What are your thoughts AO?
have you forgotten what winter is like? you are crazy, lady :)
sounds inspiring.. RT : If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces...
.im glad your feeling better...dm
the library sucks.
Feed me beats
Happy birthday shout to !!
well you're obviously like me more duh :)
WHAT?! ur out? that's IT?? I didn't get hardly anytime to be really rude! sheesh. Twitter oughta let ME run the jail. Ha!
OMCG don't you get it?!? NO ONE CARES WHAT YOU HAVE TO SAY!! GOSHH! GO AWAY
R/T--I ask myself that daily.Not random at all #FACT...“: “ “ Random,why are AKA's so beautiful?!!”””
Best books to teach kids about sex -- 10 years old. Any ideas?
Are you going to #NAFSA11? Meet our staff at booth 1810!
follow me back?
Oh how I love thee. Let's hang out- u get me! Im coming by myself to see you in ATL-can't wait!
Happy Early Birthdayy!!:) My Birthday is April 24th<3 We have the same birthday month ;) Follow me? <3
hey babez aha (:
New Orleans, $18milion renovation starting this month.
Great idea -- cd be crowdsourced RT : Change your cover image regularly says
Marge's social life gets a good, but short lived, boost on tonight's episode of The Simpsons at 5!
Cape bound
I know, I know. Still not sure what I was thinking before. I started using it so long ago & never bothered to try anything else
You don't need a weatherman to tell you which way the wind is blowing.
Final exam time for my #musictheory 4 class > #musth212 They are a special group. No one wants me to play the musical examples. <sigh>
you mean when i'm shooting on chips? On this cam it's tape so I shoot till it's full then put in a new one.
I will knock the Armor All off this bitch!
what did u eat?
Best of luck on Friday the 13th! Stay dry!
Bits Blog: For New Store Chief, Apple Looks Outside
RT Bout to open up a club the takes Lone Star cards--all the ratchet bitches gon be there!!! lmao
Where is your Friday find? Enough slaking already!
Alright let's see what you have for us today...
When I run errands before work I always forget I have to go to work at some point. My bad
What creates romance is the ability to see yourself as lovable.
i'm from CC Texas, & i wanted to move to SA for you but you left now :( <3
As a #librarian, building #relationships is the key. Submit your #resume to today!
Thank you Shirley!
that sounds like the human version of flossing! woof! :)
Xcited bout tourney n ATL next weeknd!director called wanting info on players 4 media coming!
Your physical presence on the field will be missed. Lucky for us, your leadership on and off the field is sure to continue!
Best scene & is a genius! Definitely going to try out the stack Corn-on-the-Cob method—W/ huge glass of milk!
love ya... bye
I'd like to retire from the corporate world long before 67. I'd still work, but for myself. I'm not sure what age yet.
She always remembers!
I know about Vegas, not Chicago. And there's a city here in SD County that already has a registry in place.
What's a better Findlay, Ohio product, Aaron Craft or Domino Parmesan Bites?
Thanks to my homie SS Dawg from Green Gardens for making a delivery to the Cave and bringing some nuke Abusive OG for me. Time to get irie!
I got to get my Yellow Mamba shirt soon
welcome back!
Open Spotify. Go to our album Changing Color. Turn on repeat. Play album all day. We need gas for tour :)
and I, sir, am not an engineer ;)
It's been so long since I've used my Nook that I just realized how dirty its cover is.
Fruitbats have new CD? Hooray!
Great book, Brock is such and interesting person. Can't wait for your book.
hahahah wow work before the book -- good self control
Thank fuck for that.
: NVM! Just checked it on a PC.
Thanks! How did the Web Slam go this weekend? Sounded like a fun event.
best place to be
I love #Crossfit... even when I suck at it :)
Happy to help! Let us know if you have any other questions. :)
Respond to &#039;customers.&#039; This is the single biggest advantage you have over the big guys. -Seth Godin
whatever, that shit's scary!
Anytime. Can't wait to check out the art.
oh wow haha that would've sucked. no big plans today, just writing some music :) you?
Looks like I won't be playing soccer for a while.
right in my neighborhood!
by my loves! i love u all! <3 STAND GRAND
Thx for the follow!! Love and light. :)
hey bro thanks for the tip. I just put the house down on Memphis
New Orleans Creole Bar in Seattle. Me, and Greg killing some time. Those guys r headed to Mariners, me to dinner w/ fam
CMGO & RBTI looking for big runs starting next week....
Wow she got scratches...
": Jay Cutler will lose a limb in a game this year #2011prediction" against the lions that is ...
NEW SEASON OF SISTER WIVES <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
bravo Joe. No surrender.
Just got to use the site PaulaDeenRidingThings.com for an academic presentation at work. Yes, today was a good day.
"I'm Mary Kay's DIQ!"
Redeemed Girls, remember Proverbs 31:25 today, "She is clothed with strength and dignity, and she laughs without fear of the future."
if you ever need insurance, just let me know. & I will take care of you, no problem.
Totally enjoying my day off.
idk what to say to ur response. But Im not ignoring lol
Thanks for following me, Ken. Look forward to seeing your Tweets.
Even better, sign the petition for #WellPoint to ALSO withdraw from the #US Chamber of Commerce and to end its relationship with
Dear College Students: Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
Fair with a huncha people ! :D
i'm there!
New Sperrys and and a new coach bag!! Good day :D
Let us know if you have any questions.
Hamilton another bomb.....good lord he's amazing to watch
Having one of those days Don't want to hit you with another Emo tweet. Help a brother out.
that's not a diet, it sounds more like a weekend in a third world country.
A black baby named Mai Ling?!? Really...really! Lol
HAHA I sure am! Thanks :)
Ryan pretty please follow back?<3(:
lol sounds fun to write. i hope it’ll be successful enough to warrant sequels such as ‘adorno on an airplane’…
Full Moon in #Virgo today! Great for writing, taking care of details, communication, cleaning. Watch out for worry, criticisms, depression
you're welcome!
You have great information to share! Keep it coming :-)
I had a lot of fun at #smcdc event last night! Thx to & the entire #smcdc team + my fellow panelists from &
Ski time! (@ Copper Mountain)
Made me miss you RT : Diarrhea is a gay man's period.
2 day old pizza for breakfast/lunch, living the life
R&B stations have to be getting paid, ex: Beyonce'
So you Daddy babe ? lol
+ some biking in between, right? RT :next semester...20 hrs including metaphysics, existentialism, & 2 rhetorical theory courses
I miss you (:
Bridgeport Arts Center - freight elevator you could live in. Complete with couches & bar. Sipping prosecco while taking a ride! Cool space!
I waz in the hospital with pneumonia and ur videos helped me through the tough surgeries I had 2 go through! Thnx Sam!
YES! epic. RT can I draw boobs on ur car windows again and leave you a sympathy card like last time? Lol
Wanna get better?..practice+do it often any way you can,with recordings,drum machines,whatever it takes..DO IT!!
70 students attended Hillel for 1st Shabbat of semester. Many of us ate standing shoulder-to-shoulder, but a lot of good vibes.
Awesome - we will have to check it out !
When Bailey lets me listen to Florence + The Machine in his car >>>>>>>>>>
Meeting with !
Come out to in #Bloomington tonight at 8pm for a show with and us!
i want to get one of your shirts #FCHW...can you tell me how!
#IR12 is over; thinking about #HICSS! Presenting a paper: ICT-enabled City Government Field Operations:Resiliency during Extreme Events
Lauren-- one of the way to reinvigorate the arts is to blend them and to collaborate with other artists
That's a thing that guy does. He's strong as hell. Saw him do a standing press over his head with a manhole cover. 12 reps.
It's Service Industry Night (SIN Night) at Whiskey Chicks! All restaurant and hotel employees come enjoy $3.50 apps and drink specials!
On number, height, or poundage of dog? :)
lots of lucchese boots 50%off in store only
A #tweet you send while sitting on the #shitter should have a special name. Anyone got any ideas?
Sometimes I wish I could go to the other side
w/ the the zhantra girls...
Get back to work. I need scripts!
Don't be so naive... You must be a conspiracy theorist... Ayers? What about Keeting? Yes Obama gets my vote and you should vote for him too.
I wonder how many of my followers are in line for #TheAvengers right now.
fuck everything about today
#WhyIsSBKLive not going to
Thank you for the #FF! Have a fabulous holiday weekend!
I'm sorry. I should have told you what I was doing with the Poynter stuff. I was just trying to make it easier for the girls.
Making #Coachella happen.
Looking for academic libraries lending Kindles. DM me.
What's the funnest thing you've edited recently?
RT : Headed to the Bradley Center for my first game of the season. Monta and BJ gettin us the W!!
#ImWeakFor Forehead kisses.
I jus got off the phone wit yoo bestfriend
Survived 23 hours of dance this weekend...now I know I can survive anything!
Great news Josh! RT : Best Pi Day so far - my dad found out he officially beat cancer. Thanks all for your support!
#HillerHelps - Training for marriage reconciliation counselors is limited, be sure your attorney is Board Certified.
Got an email today that closed with: "Cheers & Seize the day!" Well o.k. - don't mind if I do!
Casey and veggies.
C'mon Cotchery! You gotta catch that!!
it doesn't get better then sitting beachside with your bestfriend .
Its too cold to get out of bed.
re CH: "Billy knew that any emphasis on tits and ass played hell with chic."
- Anything gingerbread. It gets you in the holiday spirit at first bite!!
Ok. Work's done, dog is up. Time to get off my ass. Check with ya laterz...
Her #HUD voucher is helping her find a home while in college. Studying to be a nurse!
Media blackout for me and the boys all day Sunday . . .
that's from that dj fula guy or whatever OH MY GOD
No Im at Buca's
Thank u for my new follower everyone
but really, who doesn't? :)
just released smash single "the calling" (featuring grammy award winner ms. mone't and todd brown) get it today @ www.benjertainment.com
"Jilly's law," adding criteria for determining whether to issue an order of recognizance or #bail, passes
Back to school. Yay..
Are you working at when you're in town? I read about it in the Sun a while back & thought it might work for me
There are a lot of guys who shouldnt be in relationships or married. Too many weak men who feel they can get away with things...just because
Trying to put on skinny jeans after putting on lotion is impossible.
and the leader of invisible children has been arrested and charged with public masterbation.
I ain't scared of the fall, I've felt the ground before...
Liam from PCH @ #w2s is bringing back memories of the case on PCH in the Hau Lee and Michael Marks class at the GSB
I'm working on a Bible study in Numbers. God so wanted his people to be set apart - holy. He still does. Food for thought today . . .
I don't smoke, but I do love Hikari Mart.
I tell ya I'm always proud of he might be simple at times but the kiddo gets shit done!
Nice delivery by Samit Patel to take Azhar Ali's wicket
*Hugs* life is Good!! just wait until tommorrow! hope U awake in the morning with a smile :)!
Felling him so much, but seems like he becoming distant, we don't talk or txt like usual all of a sudden :( :( :( :(
I imagine this happened during your sexually charged rendition of "Happy Birthday Mr. President" ...?
Hydrogen sulfide leak at East Columbus business...evacuations underway...some people being treated for symptoms...check updates on 10TV...
I once spent an entire afternoon in the stump of a tree battling a dray of squirrels for a nut. I like nuts. What else can I say? - Trog
They're so old + so slow..but for kobe, anything ;) And then all you can eat korean bbq LA style!
you text someone..... Like anyone, just pick someone and text them... ;)
Why haven't you told your friends about Memphis's new music Magazine, Rag and Bone - ??!! Pass the word! We debut soon!
what's up ?
Just getting off work, tired af. Taking a bath when I get home & going to sleep.
thanks for the endorsement!
#Procrastination is something I need to stop doing.
my niece walked in on me and my SIS watching you dvd and started screaming don't fuck the burrito
you can do whatever you think you can...
Was it b/c I said you were still lost in ATL airport & thats why I'm here“: I just want to get back to my life & on the air!
I wanna talk to sampson
Listening to Carolyn Myss today. I really do dig her.
were accepting them till Friday night at 12:00 :)
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, it would make me very happy. It is only a button please.-68
first song on my drive home is the biebs
Good Mornin' LORD! I give this day to You! \ o /
dont forget the sunscreen
I was just hella tired ill never miss another 1 lol wyd this week end
wlmao...how did u find that out
One year ago I was sharing a mic with ! So honored bro! Miss ya man!
#FF because they are total pros and I've been lucky enough to work with them.
A1/A2: I try not to think of things like "entitlement", "privilege" or even "meritocracy" as inherently negative.
Night everyone.
Goodnight from somewhere in Michigan! Ann Arbor was fun, and anthropomorphic cartoon giraffe women are strangely sexy. This is all.
Christinaleona.com blogging every Wednesday and Sunday!!! Check me out!!!!
#Caps beat the #Bruins in OT to advance to the next round.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe who's really going to be there for me when shit hits the fan<3
Had a Ton of Fun with Danita Burnett, who was a Wonderful Passion Party Host!
Had a awesome time downtown taking pictures with Jessica Clark. Can't wait to check out the photos, she rocks!! :-)
You don't take a photograph, you make it. ~Ansel Adams
Hunton & Wiilliams D.C. has added Leonard Suchyta, formerly vice president and associate general counsel of Verizon's i.p. department.
Every Thursday is leftover soup nite! There is grilled tofu, potatoes, tomatoes, broccoli & mushroom broth in soup!
no he's going to be in 's video!!!
will do, thank you my friend
With an emphasis on math and language in the class, social studies and history can be left behind
Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. – Lord Acton (1887)
Loosing touch with my family ..
it's work in progress, so still trying to shape it, but will share more when I am able to express it better :)
gurrll , if you need anyonee to talk to dm me on (:
Life is to beautiful, but so fragile. Every breath counts,every moment matters.
just had an odd dessert date, but came out of it feeling better than expected.
And a big thanks to our speakers, guests and sponsors for a thought provoking discussion on the nude in art!
man I could not agree more with that
#WeWontWork if you're annoying...
March Madness for academic librarians!
I'm guessing that Tweet would be reversed, if the standings were switched.
Well didn't have an allergic reaction to nothin....it was just a spider bite smh
i can't watch sunsets anymore unless i skip through the commercials
It ruined my day, and I ruined someone else's, who ruined her coworkers', who took it out on their dogs.
YOU ARE SWEET TO ME. That tweet made me smile.
Lol to funnyRT : Miguel Cotto is gonna Fuck up Floyd Mayweather .. " his dad told me to say that"
I figured I'd announce it to all of Twitter, you know.
The Henry Cavill thing is a fact, Kiki...hands off! :)
My pleasure, Nick! Awesome time listening to great insight from today thanks again Dr. Levinson!
Yes at dogwood dell. Saturday! RT : Arts in the park this weekend! Isn't that what it's called?
or the recall in June! ugh.
A big thank you to for all of his work as Prez this semester! We wish you the best of luck going forward!
girls night tonight??? I think so!
Until we have another form of physical media, besides download cards, the CD is not dead yet! We do it all. CDs, download cards, & t-shirts
did you enjoy orlando
thanks so much
And I'm all about the road trip! Id prob have to sneak in tho, from what you've told me, it sounds like they've met their quota lol
At work: Six pack Edition of the Political Junkie- tea party candidate makes NY 26 Special Election a toss-up- and, so, so much more!
No prob!! :) <333 Thanks for following back!
Hey bro...how are you? It HAS been a long time! Almost 4 years!
Happy Easter!
Omg these two keep telling me to stop texting and listen umm i can double task
Ayola is legit!
Imogene ... busy, active, and toiling
call Amanda !c;
I'm gonna go ahead and make the observation that is not an ESPN fan this morning. Interesting tweets tho
Bringing it hard core to the SF!
"Margin Call" movie uses dying dog to symbolize the mortgage-backed securities market prior to 2008 crisis. Dogs to lodge formal protest.
How about it ? We're purdy. RT : If you'd like your campus to be featured as our Twitter background send a pic via tweet
Ah, great to hear it - thanks for the heads up!
first off, learn to spell kill* before you do it to me :) muahaha
That made my year =) Thank u for being so caring & supportive over the past year U put smiles on hopeless faces here in MO
So should've been in the finale more :P
It makes me happy that and (2 of the most talented Museum IT people I know) met last week at DrupalCon!
I Like Cheese!<3^.^
DJ Biggs put it down at Uniontown for the old married folk.
Love how is embedded in the site (via jQuery) to get around auth issues.
Believe it or not, you Will find more Happiness in giving then Receiving… Just try it!
We played great for 37 mins in hostile gym (I no - never thought I'd call the page that). time to regroup & claim what is ours.
it doesn't exist anymore
News PGA Tour Confidential: Donald rallies at Disney, wins PGA Tour money title Luke Donald came to Disney with one goal: wi
An eagle, that's awesome duder...
Daily Special, Tue 03/13/12 - Delicious sloppy joe served with thick cut french fries. While it lasts! $6.09 plus tax.
the breakfast bunch.!?
ATTN. GOP: Barack Obama killed Osama bin Laden. Barack Obama killed Osama bin Laden. Barack Obama killed Osama bin Laden.
the best way to ruin an apology is to not accept it... Then nut check the person.
Can't wait to show off what we've been working on. You will love it.
I find it hilarious. RT Twitter is really a joyous place to be when the Lakers are losing.
oh girl...
When your waiter only speaks spanish
Happy mothers day mom #bestmomoutthere <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
haha have u started typing yet??
Hahaha . And oops. I meant
Ok Back to making tracks!!!!
"I don't like cheese and crackers; it's old-people food ..." (Ivy, 12 yrs).
finished #reading The Ice Princess by Lackberg yesterday. loved setting & characters & can't wait for The Preacher to hit US shelves.
I swear I saw so many people at Woodworth today (that I knew). I forgot how tall you were, !
Jammin in the studio cookin up some ribs for lunch!Fellow photo dude Barrett Moore stopped by this afternoon with some prints for me!
Have you seen Larry Crowne? One of my faves from last year. Rita has a role in it too.
#OWIF: After leaving Richard's house, the posse tracked me down by following the pizza stains and trail of Skittles!
Shout out to my new follower
Eating a cup of noodles while watching anime.
LA tonight. Kobe's going to do work!!
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” <U+2015> Oscar Wilde
#Celtics all day every day them boys in green are back fuck them cry baby ass Heats
In a little less than an hour I turn 17. Seventeen years on this earth. I'm blessed to have such a great family. Look forward to the future
Lmaooo bye nigga RT : All pussy RT : Old pussy RT : Bitches who drink coffee got trash pussy
RT : RT : I experience true freedom when I accept, understand, & move on from the conditioning of the past ~
Mama has to check on her baby! Lol! Smooches...
and I can't go anywhere without causing trouble.
“: You wear Sperry's? It must be hard to park your boat between classes.”
Met some dudes from the "Big L" this past week too. Not in a friendly manner tho.
Rage For The Machine
aye bitches
just so u know every time I read #DontMakeNoDamnSense I read it in ur voice lol
Justin Bieber Helps Ryan Seacrest Make The Most Viral Video Ever - Idolator: All About The Music
The moon is a planet just like the earth, only it is even deader.
I love that thang wet .....call that sloppy joe #poinstar films
~ Congrats Good Brother "Mr UT" ! -ICE!
People who don't know how to keep themselves healthy ought to have the decency to get themselves buried, and not waste time about it
Thank you!
my phone shut off
she's great!! thanks for asking! hope you feel better :(
Why follow somebody on tweeter, if you don't want nothing to do with them? I don't get it? Ain't you contradicting yourself
Yes, you belong here.
My Jewelry Party Was Nice<U+30C4>
#SaySomething IS MY NEW FAVORITE SONG! ALONG WITH 11:11 AS MY 2ND <3 both your songs are amazing, thank you for them :)
new to twitter :$
Steve-Blake (matt Ryan laker pa voice)
Okay, how about a blocked freshman program with iPads integrated? Apply to get in, keep the iPad. Discuss.
#SpeedoLand Here I come!!! Actually it morning!!! #Goodnight/
And that's the difference between Lebron and Kobe...
My Blackberry broke...Twitter is my "methadone"
hahaha omg cassie!! I said it and was like fuckkkkkkkk
yea AP got to keep him and get him ready,, and at potts, you r getting a great up n coming coach pause and listen
Anyone Out There? A New Way to Look for Alien Life
FREE $10 Rockies-125 off to an early lead!
There is a BIG difference between being an Adult n being Grown
Obviously you are not a golfer.
Oh, Phillip... Please marry me. Please.
Great to see you last night. We didn't get a chance to visit, but glad to hear that things are going well. Catch up soon!
That's what I do. Fight for the integrity of the work. And it's why I don't even pretend to be an acct guy. #can'tbitetongue
Biked home from looking glass in 38mph winds, 4 deg wind chills, and super slick roads.
Yup! Been down all the way twice B4, plus some day hikes to Skeleton Pt. I was told to avoid the bottom of the BA in summer!
What?! That's crazy!
just saw you but did not want to interrupt, have a good flight!
#raw10 ur Ghetto: if yor dog's bowl is a old pot. You feed old leftovers, cornbread, neckbones, w/collard green juice over the reg dog food
That awesome moment when you hear a song for the first time and it totally says what's been on your mind.
sorry that i was just telling the truth
Let me cater to you , cause baby this is your day, do anything for my man, baby you blow me away
yeah Erica your dumb
#Yea Glad you came is on the radio yet again (:
RT : Its great to see 's IU footprint really begin to pick up steam!
Thanks, my friend! <3
thanks for the shout out. (:
And I cnt even remember the directors of most of the naija music videos; that I've watched......nw dat I need to remember....
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a little jealous...:) have a good time!
Ew, disgusted by the results of #xfactor sob stories and underdogs make it past great singers
Love this title for Marianne Vitale exh @ Zach Feuer "WHAT I NEED TO DO IS LIGHTEN THE F**K UP ABOUT A LOT OF SH**" (asterisks are mine)
Yes its fuckin friday
I know! Me, too! RT : I am surrounded by my Twitterfeed in real life at #mamsummit ;)
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one. - Malcolm S. Forbes
Baby you a song...you make me want to roll the windows down and
Weather forecast forecast for Lowry MN including hourly forecast the current state sediments and satellite map :-)
Rush and Ed are not exactly alike. I agree. Ed still called a woman a slut on air. Where is your outrage? LOL
occasionally practices with invisible props.
Thanks for the posting! One correction - the resource is from AllergyHome.org, but we really appreciate support from KFA!
great! glad you enjoyed
*grin* :) thank you! not a rehash at all but very detailed! just what i wanted for new year :)
I know right! :)
When I see couples sitting at a meal without looking or speaking to each other, it reminds me of how happy I am not to be married anymore
I havent skated in so long dude, wtf.
Seeing Nonna cry<
I'm feeling so high.
thanks for the list
*GUH <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> because i almost crashed in my step dads car RT“: I feel so relaxed with this rain =)”
UPS or Fed Ex?
Hitting the snooze button for an hour doesn't make me lazy, it just means that once I put my mind to something, I'm committed.
sounds like a plan :)
My newly designed voice over website is up. Cleaner and more to the point than the previous one. Take a look and let me know what you think.
Thank you you made my day so much better... :-D
Good morning, Baltimore! Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies and soon-to-be mommies out there. We hope you have a lovely day :-)
I'm doing the #fivefivedollarboycott for
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength or knowledge, but rather a lack in will. Vince Lombardi
Just one of those days
Get to the...oh wait,
School task force meets tonight at 6 at Scott County Schools Central Office at Great Crossing
Hi Maimah! How are you, beautiful lady! I hope you're holding down the East Coast while I'm doing the same out West. xoxo
I now have one of the three talks I'm giving next week done.
black friday was too live.....goddanm sawgrass was packed wit cannons....
Just spent a couple hours on the patio @ otb & now bonfire with some of my favorite ppl
Oh ok... bummer that is a really smart concept. What are your thoughts on the logout experience?
Did you know?! "Borborygmi is the noise that your stomach makes when you are hungry." YOU'RE WELCOME!
The only people more stupid than Mitch McConnell are the morons who voted for him.
Wants a little scooter, but only if I can ride it in Tokyo.
I Want Sold Out Soundgarden tix from !!
So happy I found you <3 your writing
I necessitate sushi to kick off The Weekend of Fish. If you are interested in joining in the next hr or so txt me!
Can't wait for barça to expose chelsea for the poor team they really are.
We're not in Kansas anymore
Ray Charles to the bullshit
Lmao.i swear my Mom is a clown
Why must I be so trusting and always give ppl the benefit of the doubt? I just continue getting screwed over and over and over.
it just doesn't seem right. But I won't stop voting.
I think you spelled horror wrong? :-/ haha :)
To the people who don't take the hands free earpiece out of their ear when walking around outside
I know I'm not telling parents anything they don't know, but 15 month old twins are exhausting.
Start with a request for words that rhyme with "orange".
Blessed since the moment he knew, he couldnt let me walk by without getting to know me...
I wished we could tackle Sharpy for real too! :D
Still got haters i see
Mari don't steal her from me!
The space is transforming and we can't wait for you to see the results! T-10 days!
Happy Wednesday! It's Kerri's birthday, too! =)
Days like today make me wish I could eat fried chicken and drink beer at work.
a whole bunch - hit me up for any opportunities to work together
AH EYES OPEN ON THE RADIO!!! OOOOMMMMGGGGG!
Check us out today for all of your legal needs. www.MarylandTopLawyers.com
Tax return time! Wooooohooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!.....
Chicago #Cubs Dale Sveum doesn't condone Kerry Wood's tantrum
My Mom: "It is Mother's Day, so be nice to me or kiss my ass"
That Movie Think Like A Man is funny & have a good message 4 men & Women saw the movie Its Good Kevin Hart Funny as Hell
I will smile n the end
New episode of #dancemoms tonight, can't wait to watch it!
Good night everyone!
well he probably will now since you mentioned him lol. Hes not following me so he can't creep on me
that's the best soda in existence
what kind?
there is history behind this. Or she is simply just a major B.
dropping straight knowledge on the album! I hope people start to get the message, its a good one
tonight!!! I wants to get funk up.
You have to let go of who you were to become who you will be.
Really you need change? From this Mother..F..er?? I really can't take this stupidity.I wish hubby wouldn't entertain this.
me too
how much was it?
just keep swimming
GREAT SIXERS GAME
: My pleasure! Do you come up with the crafts yourself? How do you choose which books to review and pair with the crafts?
RT The modern definition of "racist" is "someone who is winning an argument with a liberal.
I hope you never get Santa back <U+E40D>lololol
I didn't realize I was even going! I went to a club and it turned out to be the venue for the office party!
tell me how lebron james..the most physical guy on the court goes the entire game without a foul...
Money is not bad. Money is good. Bad people reveal themselves when they have money in their hands.
Very good point. A good term 2 understnd is #Praxeology Human action beyond what is "seen"; the NATURE of human action
MY LAND LORD IS A SCUM BAG.
RT : Act, & God will act. -Joan of Arc
great photos
you single lol I am available for you, if you like chocolate. Lol
Seriously? RT GOP candidate for U.S. Senate in Arizona doubts Obama's birth certificate
#Bulls have 17 assists at half. #Hawks have 9. Bulls shooting 51% while Hawks shooting 37%. There's the game.
Thanks for the RT Thx for the #follow Please follow my friend - they
Art of marriage is filling up. Sign up now to get your book and get in on this great class.
Wiz Khalifa Ft. Juicy J - My Favorite Song
To my gmmb colleagues: thanks for letting Nick run roughshod over the office today. Kathy enjoyed the peace & quiet at home.
love you too!
I think they only pulled it all together recently.
Oh boy, we got some work to do. Plenty of time
May die if I don't get to see tonight at the Fox.
I can only imagine how many it's inspired to create their own "Red Rooms of Pain" haha
It's a sad day in green bay we've lost a great leader a great player and a great guy it's going to be hard to replace that athletic ability
Immediately following we have the Expert Level Camp, for levels G-5 and up, will begin (June 20-27, 2011)
lol what y'all gettin into tonight?
you better watch yourself before jump you for talkin bout ehr man
I was just given a hint that I will be receiving a Kobe Bryant jersey for my Bday LOL *breaks out in a cripwalk* Yayayayaaya
What a up and down day.....
all is awesome with -- no plans for a Vancouver yet :)
why do you have pictures of me saved?
yes SRT tomorrow.
Is anybody else finding that searching emails in Gmail is slowly becoming worthless? Seems like emails are arbitrarily excluded.
Preach! RT : How many times have you made yourself small enough to fit into some role that you wanted no part of?
OMG I'm in Orlando and I can't go to the All-star game.O well maybe ill see celebrity or two if I'm lucky.
sawwwwy. I'm on my new phone and im trying to figure out how to private keek you
Literally just spent my whole afternoon driving all over pines to get stuff for this weekend! Super stoked ;D
Lou Will is too nice
<U+2665> "True love is like a fine wine, the older the better." ~Fred Jacob <U+2665> Happy Valentine's Day! <U+2665>
Dying my hair dark brown.. #nervous :3
you're happy, so I'm happy.
Thank you. I went to the pharmacy just now and my boy needed to go to the restroom, when we came back somebody paid for my bill. God knows.
LA state of mind? Is that a thing?
A genius idea: RT Going to sleep and wishing there were such a thing as The Pedicure Fairy.
Hey, thanks!
Lol pardon me. I forgot to switch the message type. :p
What price range, and what would you like? (Bouquet, basket, etc)
How about this evening? Will we get soaked at Kings of Leon?
I wonder how many conflicts we imagine are ONLY imagined? My family is terrible about avoiding conflicts, imagined or otherwise. :(
I believe it dude. Hope rehab is going well tho.
I have no clue what this is supposed to mean
could mii and mah twitter twin get a follow back since its our b-days..... cause that will be cool *MAUH*
thanks for all your help this week friend!
I think we've found a new HR call. Should it be "swing, boom, tarrarrel"?
absolutely agree w/ u !!!
15 mosquito bites on one leg = pure torture. I don't know if it's worse to rip my leg apart by scratching or go insane trying not to scratch
LA Bound!!
because no one believed that
Wow. GET REAL AND GROW UP!
It's sad when I (on crutches) can walk faster than half the population of amurica
I think it's a great idea.. something that I'll be trying to get to in the next few versions.
Hey, Trump, stop calling me. I will NOT join your debate.
Carne guisada, rice & beans last night. Chorizo, papitas & beans tonight. What did I do to deserve such deliciousness?
onfiemed See you there!
If you had collected one silver or gold coin every month for the past 5 yrs, would you be financially better off today? www.budurl.com/CWTHY
I'm glad Jan Brewer did what she did so that the nation can see what ignorance looks like live and in living color - girlfriend is a sick-o!
have a great first day on the field....glad ur back in NOLA
also, we have two medium and one xl dino shirt left! ten dollar(:
RT : Evaluate similar size libraries to get a baseline. How many follwers do they have? How many likes?
True! Buy local art tonight at the Stutz RT : If you truly want to "Buy American" then you should "Buy Local" when you can.
MORE SONGS WITH COMING THIS SUMMER IS GONNA BE CRAZY
Too cool! 2 F-16s just flew over Rancho headed NW, perhaps toward Edwards AFB... Nice formation. Thanks for watching over us
Proud of myself, only gained 1.5 pounds on a 7 day cruise.
And in the end, it’s not the years in your life that count
Fattys get the same parking space as the 19-year-old corporal who lost a leg in Fallujah.
Just seen #oomfs driving in my neighborhood.
Help organizers select #UPA2012 session meeting rooms! Please take a moment to complete the session SURVEY coming to you via email! THANKS!
Using the mail while overcharging a customer is considered mail fraud, a felony, with a 5 year statue of limitations you know.
Been to Derry & No. Ireland but not in years.
NBA Flow
Hey man...did you ever hear from Abby about getting started with your boot camp? Hope things are still rockin!
Yea finally out of the office and into the field.
You tell them Chuck!
Attending the classic film festival hollywood 2012
Are u serious? I never knew ur bday, my bad.
RT Vikings fans: that's called the "Favre stomach punch" I'd get used to it if I were you. Sincerely, a longtime Packers fan.
just downloaded Adele and The Mosaic Project albums from iTunes...real music soothes the soul...
First 5 use code Freaky save 40%, Next 5 use code Friday save 30%, Next 5 use code Free save 20%! www.lasvegashcg.com Lose 20lbs in 20 days!
Rooting for Suns even though this game means nothing to Rockets. Simply detest the Jazz.
I'm so excited for prom next weekend. Like beyond excited. Its going to be the three F's: fabulous, fantastic, and fun!
you already k.ow am following on please follow us now we love the fans
At the Borgota AC. Playing a $560 HOSE tournament. First big business trip of the year. Feeling good!
thank you!
This "white powder" in PDX scare is a waste of time and resources. Why would anyone target Portland?
pretty much. Guys a legend
I got my license today (:
What do Fat Planet, Thorns of My Love & Cookies & Seacows have in common? They showcased the talents of Sequoia Houston!...
Im starving and I don't really wanna go to the union
Cats are asking if Wade is injured. Not sure where his built in excuses come from....
#14315 omg ur a boy simpsonizer which is awesome and I'm mad at you because your bio made me laugh so hard I'm crying #NoJoke lol seriously
We loved LaMartina's "Holy Smokes"
My 1st Time In The LAB in 3weeks "HOME SWEET HOME"
I agree with you about the rebuild but what you asked was about the job Mike Brown has been doing, he's doing enough
Hate when people are not about the biz they talk of
what up?
let me know if you still need any help. Just saw tweet. Your fast fingers added an extra N. FYI, I will now answer to Jord Ann : )
I'm i the only one who is obsessed with #TruTV ? #HardCorePawn Marathon
I was goin for Trevor Bayne but he crashed too so I'm not really goin for anyone else lol
thanks for sayin' so (and RT)!
Just got word - I'm a new Bradley Childbirth Educator www.bradleybirth.com. My 2nd career!
Bring the kids to pick out handmade wooden toys by Joe the Woodchuck! We are OPEN right now!
Back off bitch.
I'm So Hungry !
Our Beach Cleanup with has been rescheduled for Sat,5- 6:30pm at 10th St on the beach! All attendees will get a free class
Tweet me your name & ill fit you w. An ICONic Boy(: <33
thanks for the follow!
Was semi tanker carrying ethanol, with rear axle smoking. No fire. Taking truck off freeway right now.
My aunt up in here doing the dougie. Good time with family
OH and keep me updated on Mr. Bennett news! :D
ive been so busy,but hopefully things will slow down enough soon that i can find a lil more time for the twitterverse.
:) Well thank you! Are you almost outta school?
So glad you liked it! RT : ooh this email I just got from just made my day! *jigs*
Thanks for the follow! Reach out if Attensa can help with Brand, monitoring, CI or current awareness at yoru firm ^Mark
Finishing my volunteer shift
Ehmagawd, thank you! I luhve to hear that people "friggin love" me!
Just got my Diablo 3 beta invite. Awesome! Hopefully I'll get some time to play a bit this weekend.
did you get a tattoo too?
Early workout in the morning ...
...I went there. I have been there. For too long. Haha let's do it! Bahaha
This song's about my herpes. It's called "Don't Leave Me"
I can't find the map you're talking about. Sounds cool. Link me?
Hoorah! We were on yesterdays most watched on #koldcast!!!
Youth Coaches- Young kids continue to play the game in part because of their first coach. What memory are you leaving for your players?
Not a bad year so far. ha....
Geez, duck into a meeting & there's an entire soap opera unfolding over here~D. Essence.
Aim? mr andr3e (something like that)
oh I love you
I'm WAY too attached to my writing... Pretty sure I've almost cried while writing these past 2 days.
Math... M-Mental A-Abuse T-To H-Humans. <U+263A> So true. My brain hurts during math class
well said.
"Our passions are the true phoenixes; when the old one is burnt out, a new one rises from its ashes."~Johann Wolfgang von Goethe LET IT RISE
oh, and if you're not mom, happy "i don't have kids of my own, but i'm probably looking after someone else's right now" day ;)
Ralph when you're right you're right. Thanks for saying this >WORST PART of WHITNEY PASSING
Still in the car but im in St. Louis<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
you cannot date your bestfriend's boyfriend!! lol
Deal or no deal
RT if you liked
Seriously bought to launch my phone for not cooperating with me. ...
mine will be on kindle. print maybe through Amazon. Website is going to be rebuilt soon. then the link will be there too.
i didn't know you were half Sicilian?
and so it starts.... the constant pointless instagram pictures flooding in from people who don't know what they are doing
I'm finally getting that carwash I've been needing.
Anyone else watching Sex and the City marathon?
another great win for the
ha! good to know
Our youngest has avoided whooping cough but has been nailed by senior-itis.
#IfIHitTheMegaMillion I would pay all my families loans off. Get married in a month or two and honey moon in Hawii!
Wow Man City
...and he tweeted it out last night
you have no idea how bad it hurts lol im an idiot lol.
thanks :D
Love me some at
Headed to 's #dctweetup at with
Ya bro . (: I hope you miss me . Cause i miss you a hella lot . i havent seen you since .like what, prolly october.
yeah u right about that bro
I say this as a fan of the show: Season 1's a little off, not quite soup. You almost could watch just the 1st & last eps...
You worked today?
false, KU fans don't follow that football game. #whoswinningthematch?
Orientation in the morning . :/ ~Summit(:
Oh its Friday and I've been slacking on facebook updates this week. Hope you all enjoy your weekend ahead!
Don't worry - you'll look GREAT! :) RT I want to try the hcg thing. But I feel like I'll look weird when I lose weight ._.
Perfect. Exactly the response I was looking for.
climbing through a heating duct to get to hockey game at
knew you'd enjoy that! (sorry for delay, my phone went ryan leaf on me)
Morrison moves to approve, CM Spelman seconds.
About time don't you know its robbie cano alright now get going buddy we need your bat
Headline: BUCS SHOW GRAND CLASS
Yay!!!! Wish I could have been there!!
Final: Vandy 6, Cats 1. 1st series loss... *sigh* Have to snap back and get ready for the Gators
Locking in accounts
It's 61 out but it's freezing in my room!
Drive from LA TO #Coachella was like driving through a car wash for 3 hours.
They are working on a debut album and are :)
Finally watched Mtn Gorillas & Pigmy episode on - love the format, and you delivered more info to the cam! :)
Live For The Night, Sleep In The Day.
Iron Void Streaming &quot;The Mad Monk&quot; - Metal Underground
i'm going to go sleep now. if you wake me up, i will be a very unhappy person.
fold pre? Lol jk, reload and get that money back
I read the first paragraph.
I hope I don't run out of gas waiting on this train!
#thatawkwardmoment when Matthew Fox is screaming "We have to go back!" as he's being put in the back of the police car.
is there! I couldn't make it! Send pics! “: hey KC, How do you Like our new in collection?
what's the score
Edward Cullen is sitting right in front of me and :)
sure hope to see you playing in that Blue and White Uniform with Kentucky across the Chest. Go Cats!!
It works for some reason. At least for me it does.
RethinkingCities: comparing Amsterdam's social housing to American failures (Pruitt-Igoe). Public housing needs to be rethought everywhere.
I do puzzles for a little, and then sit back and say "Bam, said the lady" everytime someone else gets one. Puzzles hate me.
thank you sir!
lies lies lies
Boyfriend is a hit!
A lot of Twitter trends are very... stupid.
My "Man-V" is getting intense.
Itsh loud outside
YAAAY ITS WORKING NOW WATCHING BGC REUNION. !
coming to mission beach tonight! We are on the lookout for some hotties!
it,will always be one of my hobbies :) haha but sadly, my lifestyle is more extensive than that!
Powerless Structures, Fig. 101, by Elmgreen & Dragset, was unveiled @ London’s Trafalgar Square today. Love it!! :)
I send a lot of things and so far she has tweeted me each time saying she got loved my gift, I hope so they cost alot of $
How are you?(:
RT If someone has to backhand your junk before you can get on a flight, the terrorists have already won.
You too! We already miss that Chicago weather....
"I want to walk into a room...and feel that I am needed. I want to do, not just to be." -Princess Diana
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
why do you think POTUS will ignor Us for the next 4 years if re-elected? Obama will get much done his 2nd of 4 yrs as POTUS.
Regis has lived a charmed life!!
hopefully get to start Dark World by this week...
Does everyone deserve #PR representation regardless of ethics? answers a toughy. Simple answer: "No." Sometimes it's right v right
Just gotta hang in there
#YourBiggestProblem is everyone listening to you bitch about this and that, maybe the problem is you
it was a toss up. I chose Heat cuz of the hoodies. Lol
cant wait till july7 when i get to see you guys in indiana :) its gonna be epic! <3 you'll c me in the front row i promise c(;
Dear food, Either stop being so delicious or stop making me fat. >.>
my girl is far more into sports than I am... I love that about her.
-- Do I have to go through some type of REXorcism to convert to being a Giants fan from being a Jets fan?
If you like dancing, you'll love the Ballet Folklorico Competition at the Plaza Stage in the Park from 11AM-1PM at Fiesta!
I would say or a Cubs game but I don't like to see my city lose.
We're going to do this! Thanks for your help!
My human loves this show, but in the States she is only able to get it up to season 12 (2009?). She keeps mumbling she needs more.
Strange headline. "Herbert says veto of sex-ed bill hinges on whether it's good or bad policy." Isn't that always true, at least in theory?
Holy hives :( this is torture
lol, sounds like you didn't want to admit to milli vanilli. Don't worry I wouldn't either. Oh oh oh the right stuff!
#FF #FunFitLincoln Have Fun, get Fit. Ever popular Lincoln fitness company, adding more strings to their bow. Inc. KettleFit
Preparation meets opportunity
Nice and thin. :-) I find my #readathon choices get shorter and shorter as the hours add up.
At least now we can never be teen dads...or teen anythings..
Don't let life change your goals. Because achieving your goals can change your life.
I'm rolling up the Window , while im smokin Weed.
If you buy followers, go kill yourself.
Back from my wedding/honeymoon hiatus!
Stuck in the studio. Jasper Johns, can you help?
I don't hate you, but if you were on fire and i had water, I'd drink it.
Knowing some of the principles can easily compensate ignorance of some facts.
If they're phony....
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . Watching the parade .. (:
30 more long minutes
tomorrow is my last comparative primate lab dissection.
I let the cart go thinking it would be funny. Forgetting Sunny D cans were on the bottom. They fell off.
ay artists please respond I know a signt that wants your paintings
The pursuit of happiness is the hardest fucking trip ever.
#graduation hat hair
name-dropped at a #SXSW panel on the 'new trend' of Daddy bloggers. Making fun of your kids as column fodder = digital maven?!
what are your thoughts on OVWs new working relationship with TNA?
Only 3 more faith classes >>>>> It's not you JESUS it's my teacher
Peta ad uses sex appeal with Laura Vandervoort of Smallville to appeal to the masses and raise awareness on animal cruelty....
RealGangster.com: Where Real Hardcore Intellectual Gangsters Gather To Rewrite History Through Their Perspective.
Those are all things us white people fear, too!
Thanks mama! Have a good one too!
Happy Birthday to Nick Groff of the Ghost Adventures Crew =3
Canal Museum opens; High Falls Flea Market resumes Sunday with antiques appraisal - Almanac Weekly
Oh we had fun
#YouMightBeGhettoIf you wash paper plates to re-use them :)
Just went ham at Nebraska furniture mart
New Study: 9 out of 10 HS seniors looking forward to graduating & finding jobs answering multiple choice items.
It proves talking to delegates is effective. Did anyone even know Heyer was planning to challenge Hoppe?
I'm about to watch it and I'm so ready to cry
#ThingsIwantTheMost to move my mamma into that big house she deserves
MOST DEFINATLY!(L: and yess i know!(: even thought i might be on my ways to Athens:/
Summer fav turns into boozy pops as they team up w for special Pinot Noir & Sauv Blanc infused frozen treats
good job!
On my way home from Illinois. Long week but I am glad to have a job with a company that appreciates me
When you're a man blow drying your hair makes you feel gay, that's why I just use it on my pubes.
and I will all be in San Diego tomorrow!!!!
Just tried the Havana club barrel proof cuban rum, wow, may be time to finally lift that trade embargo, shit is amazing
RT : Text RED CROSS 9099 give boosie a s/o && I'll think about it
the only "Very Short Introduction" book that I really wanna translate to Persian has no chance of getting published in Iran!:
Building!!! Stay tuned!!
Doritos Locos Tacos make me happy!!!
This will #ChangeYourWorld. Time for !
Now, which would be easier, all us crazies coming to see you in NYC, or you coming to Chicago? :P
If I can find that wormhole, that would save on airfare visiting folks back east! But, do you have Voodoo Donuts?
love it and I think I'm with the wrong sister lol
<U+2764>RT : Have a great Mother's Day weekend! Thanks to all you moms who help keep kids healthy and happy.
The most gorgeous day of spring thus far...the sunshine and breeze combo is wonderful. Love being outside on days like this!!
Crafty Underdog Event 11/16 11a-5p Mcmenamins Mission Theatre. Come check it out...crafty goods,beer,music
yes i think so too
Remember I am always ahead....
Theres always that one thirsty ass bitch on facebook.. Callate la boca puta.
thank you!! It's a growing movement amongst faith-based organizations. Student perceptions have been intriguing.
Not him too what?
okay I'll ask her :)
Have a good day, everyone!
yeah havent been back on my laptop to check the link. I will as soon as I can
man it's COLD
I saw a "Stop ginger face" sign near my side of the court and realized they were talking about Griffin, not ...
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay When you have to walk on egg shells in a relationship or friendship clearly its a bad egg...right..?
is a great supporter of the Uni and is helping spread the word from Hamilton, Ontario. We'll get there. Cheers!
All i know is i wont skate my supras.
cool meeting you at Horrorhound. Thanks for the pic!
No lol,um okay(:
Okay. I'll see what I can find and let you know.
Congrats to the cast of De Soleil. That was phenomenal.
Three days 'til our show at Pineapple Jacks in Gates (Roch). Friday night, 10pm. 485 Spencerport Rd. Bring two friends. And them two friends
WOW!!!! That Barrett audio is Damning!!! Can't help but think Tom just buried himself.
"King Kong aint got s--- on me" RT yall know I will watch Training Day right now. Again. Once more.
is that the determining factor? LOL!
It’s Tasting Tuesdays today! Stop by and get four courses served omakase style (chef's choice) for $40, $55 with Ty Ku Sake cocktail pairing
12 more days until I report to the MTC :)
what imma get my mom & grandmas for mothers day ?
yeah it sounds great cause I don't like to be judged lol :) well imma go get some z's. C ya 2morrow!
Lol we were both a lil late its all love
Buffalo Cantina tonight in Southlake! Come hang out
known, get big marketing
need you to help me with this Epson 845 with the wireless. Killer printer
your a beast
Big loose leaf cup of tea for me! Got tons of work to do today.
Just tapped the broccoli cheese soup. Yum
Never underestimate the power of the Audra.
I love Cher as well (if u couldn't tell) and I'll be in Philly for a 1D concert May 27-29!
I miss you!! I hope you have a wonderful holiday : )
All I wanna do is play video games...
Thanks, anywhere I can listen to some stuff?
: what other states has it been in and what is its success rate? And why make chick beer?
I'm so very excited to kick it he j.kap music project into full gear again starting Tuesday.
If you want your children to listen, try talking softly - to someone else. - Ann Landers
Some breakfast would be nice
Heard Broad Axe's new brew will be: "Essence de Ryan" (must be said with french accent)
RT : Discussion too good to limit to 2011! The #casesmc11 hashtag is officially shortened to #casesmc. Keep the traffic going!
So now has a leaderboard. I can hardly contain my excitement.
hello arnold
hell of a set knight! Thank you for playing crazy girl made my gf's night. You guys rock!
I'll take that bet and raise you a hacky sack.
fascinating #miami #premiere 2nite of w/ live via skype from L.A. #MIFF audience loved the film!!!
bro this nigga said some shit that mad u go daaaaamm
I'm listening to Wnur, 89.3 and they are playing some really good underground music.
its gotta turn into more than just a hobby bro
You can always come up from California for the weekend! Great excuse to get out of town!!
Finally sitting down t read Girlfriends over at
Let's get at those singles my G ( )
that's it?
Hey - Can you make "New Beat" available to download as a ring tone, pretty please? It's by birthday today! It'd sound so nice.
But, yeah, I get that they're in the business of making equity investments, not fixed-income asset management.
About to catch at The Comedy Cellar with ! Um, he plays a chauffeur in that Jay-Z/Kanye music video...?
Further instructions are: "Please remain calm. There is no known threat of an emergency at this time." Alarms still going off.
I will hold on to every word I had the pleasure of hearing from one of Betty Roberts last speeches. Champion for women and Oregon. RIP.
Exactly! RT :-) aren't they all the same movie RT : Is there any Jason Statham film I won't watch? No there isn't.
thank you :)
hey gorgeous ;-)
. This phenomenon puts a smile on my face, too. He continues to be a one-man stereotype-busting machine.
shut up, we're just annoying people like usual, and giving and more stuff to talk about haha
Off to take my SAT. :)
Sometimes you need to step back to truly see the whole picture so you'll know if it is really worth it.
here is a shout out from Cody in Phoenix AZ
Retweeting : Need a platform to collaborate with biz users. Suggestions beyond BaseCamp & Unfuddle?
Sippin on some redbull and vodka, getting hyped for Remarc brought to you buy the Recon Crew.
I inbox you on FB if your coming to Vegas lets definitely meet up.
is offering 20% off everything in stock today & tomorrow only. Tell them Leslie from sent you!
Jamming to "Best You Ever Had" by John Legend with putting a smile on my face :))
There's new opportunities for RSVPs nationwide to expand their help to veterans. If you have an need/opportunity- let us know.
Can I use you as a reference for a little volunteer thing. O don't know any one here!!!
Whenever I see a Pollock or hear an orchestra tune before a concert, I get so inspired I get this urge to sing out loud & paint 'til I drop!
...or: Real Re-Animated Wax Corpses Who Feast on Each others Flesh and Their Soulless Daughters....of Texas
Vernors is home to me. Drink it cold or hot. With whiskey, a Monkeyspanker. Or a Red Wing, w/cinnamon shnapps. Xmas in a glass.
I vote no - 8 weeks of irrigation, digging n planting have killed my writerly mojo. But if you find otherwise, share! ; )
LOL! I am pleased to report he didn't go over his allotted 20 seconds.
Damn, deserved that...there's still many more to come tho! Next year homie, next year for sure!
followers wuld make my dream come true. makee it happen? i'll follow bacck. #muchlove :)
missouri u
*Real as they come
PS if you call DC police it will take them an hour to get here
Sweet party. Good to meet the folks who work there. is the man.
Weird - works in Firefox and doesn't in Chrome. Strange indeed.
You're welcome, Ben, Marsha's also a very nice person.
Happy Birthday
#MeatFreeMonday "The love for all living creatures is the most noble attribute of man." Charles Darwin 1809-1882
drive safely :)
I'd like to see more of the early days of Eric and Charles. I don't love or hate Wolverine but he's in too many places.
No problem! Go CATS! Let me know what you think?
but could Dalton's primary TV ads provide some inoculation from this RGA ads?
PS drinks soon, we are overdue for catch up!
connects mompreneurs and creates a village of mamas determined to show their kids that MOMS MAKE A DIFFERENCE!
Back in the saddle! At the studio-Mixing. Listening 2 stellar guitarist & friend Mimi Fox. It's one of my originals and she sounds amazing!
Studio or taxes...I know which one I WANT to do...
#vindiesel is still yoked.
Patio is open this weekend. Come eat and drink in the sun while it lasts! And we have fresh pecan and French apple pie.
Luckiest boy in the world.
"Never met a stranger." #truth Gotta love him. ;)
Happy Valentine's Day! Love is best described to me in 1 Corinthians 13 4-7.
This is your official NotifyAll notification. . .the world did not end!
Idk blonde or black can you help me
CONNIE, LUV U! HAVE SEEN U PERFORM 2x IN BOSTON.ONCE IN L.A. I MET U BACK STAGE. U WERE SO KIND & BEAUTIFUL! FOREVA UR FAN!
Ooh, I loved "Lobster." What do you think of it so far? He really captures the locale.
hahaha yup!(x for sure, where to though? I'm down to cruise far.
Anyone who reaches for God will find He reaches back, but no one can do the reaching for someone else. ~ Marianne Williamson
Fab. Design Tip: What type of lighting do you need? Keep in mind what you need to light and how you want that to feel.
there is def value in what he's saying but ppl sometimes take these conclusions as gospel.
Thanks for the RTs
“: People with high self esteem are bigger liars, on average; a 10 minute conversation with someone contains about 3 lies.”
Vibrating sounds (against skull) seems like an unpleasant experience for sure... I hope it all turned out ok!
all the nerds in the Chicagoland area are here! Hurry, Dave, you don't want to miss out!
If I say that I'm not able to give you something until Monday, I really mean it.
That's an eye test to keep out the old people. I'm sorry to tell you...
8th grade dance tomorrow<3 Goodnight!
should we stop by tomorrow or is that 11-3 Monday-friday?
#IfWeAreInARelationship , shit u better act like it.
What's up sexy bitches (:
The Rolling Stones are Charlie's favorite band. So, of course, I downloaded the Hot Rocks compilation for him.
We all have angels in our lives, sometimes they come in form of developers and IT support
Insolent child.
Sure, I believe, but that doesn't mean I'm going to change who I am.
GM Boss Ladies!!!!
Tieks: They are 'spensive and hurt my feet like woah. (If that helps)
#JMS220 Which superhero movie made it to the #1 spot on this weekend's Box Office chart?
Hold onto your hats! Conference calls are hard when practice for the show is going on!
Nothing against gay people but this teacher is a fag!!!!!!! I can't stand him at all! So glad that its my last day in this class
Happy round of 32 and St. Patrick's day! Let's go cuseee! If this game sucks at least the luck of irish is on <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
come over when you're done with your test and we can make them together! I found out I still have work though later :(
Getting ready for some blue grass. Shelf Life String Quartet is setting up as I type.
- I'm going to #FF you're ass for a year until u get another show.
... If Nick Holt returns for another year, then I'm going with FIRE .
I'd LOVE to hear it!!
new on the COCKTAIL menu: SPICE TRADE (served hot or cold) {Eldorado 5yr Rum, Batavia Arrack, Housemade Chai Tea, Tiki Bitters}
Cool. Had no idea founder was a grad... see you in MKE on Wednesday, sir!
Culture is more relevant now that language especially when trying to reach bicultural Latinos. Thanks for your tweets!
Here comes the sun! (instrumental)
Today: AM clouds, a sprinkle, then mostly sunny & cooler…high 59
HAHAHAH, he's eight! omfg, rina.. YOU GOT ME ROLLING.
A$AP ROCKY.
As long as it's the 1st Gen or the Nook Touch. You need the e-ink technology. The color/tablets are useless outdoors.
A week from today and I depart for Kalmazoo and the medievalist High Holy Days.
ok ya le di MG
So nervous! Need a win today...go caps!
It is not unreasonable for someone to want to have a little something to eat or something to drink before going home. [1945]
#youknowitshot WHEN ZAYN GRINDS THE AIR
One word: InStyler.
Just made a blank ass trip
Back attchya! You're my BEST RT'er & I appreciate it so much! <3
Love this ! And w/ all this rain in #Miami, a rainbow would bring tons of #Happiness right now :)
I want to make t-shirts with it! It's such a nice compliment.
That will happen I foresee the future.
already starting to feel overwhelmed... seaside yoga under the moonlight at is just what I need!
Dear person on my timeline, it's ALEX that loves Sarah, not AUSTIN. Get your facts straight. God.
pretty babies(;
WEB ENTERTAINMENT ANNOUNCEMENT: Live tweeting as I read the half-correct lyrics to "Caribbean Queen" on some aggregate website
Not that it matters, but my follower count is wildly fluctuating today. Ppl are hating and loving me in rapid fashion.
“ Been talking to her for hours straight no breaks, crushing.”
Yo need to let my man put his joints on the site. Retweet if you'd like yours joints on livemixtapes
Just listened to 's cover "Pump up Kicks" I dont think ive ever heard a voice that amazing before<3 He needs to upload more!
My new iPad Came!!
penis lickers. i started counting down Christmas, first! :P
Hi Stokely, killer portfolio website!
Can I have this dance? <3
Gaga uses HRT and creak at the same time.
check out this band of sisters ages 9-14 do a cover of 3 Dog Night's Never Been to Spain.
& DJ Double O killed it tonite at Lalo's UIC. Thank you to all who came out and ripped it on the dance floor. Till next week Mi Gente...
I still love ya man.
u will just pray and let god!
Thank you for the RT!
the gimp is an awesome free program that rivals Photoshop. You can use it to make animated GIFs.
My bf is the best pillow.
The melody for "Yesterday" came to Paul McCartney in his dreams. Does anyone dream melodies? How do you keep from forgetting them?
I think it is a basic politeness. My husband does it and expect it from other men as well. Maybe we are old fashioned?
Yeah, with that in mind PV should chill.
Hahahahah you are so lame...
Glad it went well this weekend!
“ I ain't perfect But I work hard so i deserve it.”
me too! i only go there in extreme cases. now that we have our own Seva i'll probably never go back!
I'm going to be couch surfing in a few days.
And when the actual logo says Sacramento instead of LA, it should be fairly obvious it's the wrong one. Lol
shelter that gets most downloads wins prize
i really want some taco bell..someone should bring it to me at work
#TrustYourIntuition RT : It's so weird how I'm always right... About everything.
Major plank action today!
Waking up feeling sick sucks
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
Rebel America lands song placement for UFC's "Countdown to UFC 137" Congrats to Songwriter - Elijah Mills!
we love you back... and let it be known, we are good lovers.
Name of the 1820 agreement between pro-slavery and anti-slavery factions in the U.S. Congress. Visit www.americanlegacymag.com for answer.
we don't turn it over 5 times. I would much rather deal with SF's D than NO's O! #GOPACKGO !!!! But they are legit!
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-02
Well, Tweegrams are kinda just like a status so we should've seen this coming. Tweegrams are retarded.
Hope the doctor can set 's nose and get it straight before prom! Sorry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
BEEN A FAN OF YOU SINCE DAY 1 here in LA please follow :( ive been trying for over a year
I have a mosquito bite on my stretched ear lobe. This is impossible to itch to satisfaction.
These tweets about Soulja Boy >>>> LMFAO
RISE & GRIND!: "If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude." ~ Maya Angelou”
No - no I should not be seeing Rory's boobs. No.
RT : In #Acting, performance is the science of being totally prepared.
I'm Down to record when I get my laptop. My friend is still working on his studio not sure when that will be finished.
Don't make promises to me if you aren't sure you'll keep them.... It only makes me not want to trust you.
Thanks. We're pretty smitten.
you're welcome (: I'm glad you liked it!
RT : Cmon you know me... Don't expect me to stop being me ANYTIME soon...
hope ya feel better, weall go a little to hard sometimes hahah!xD
Good morning twits. Its my last shift before my vacation
Saw an excellent #documentary #film #Marley earlier tonight in #NYC an amazing look at the life of
let the words run through your veins and let the colors fill your mind until there is nothing left to do but explode.
Good we want details!
In the most important areas of your life, you cannot make up for lost time.
Tune-Yards @ One Eyed Jacks: incredible, inspiring, mind-blowing show! So happy.
so true,along with drive,ambition,and continuing education-keys to success!
Getting ready for "Extreme Success in Time and Space".
#aam2012 is hosting meetup for customers Hell's Kitchen on 9th - get here
Melina - thank you:) RT Whoo! Happy Birthday ! =) Remember, you were BORN with that amazing voice!
Exciting food news. Kazumi (former of Hillcrest) will be at Moby Dicks in KM on Thurs-Sat nights. He'll also be doing classes.
Sure...what do you got? you could email hello(at)massrelevance(dot)com
I haven't even touched my ATL fanfics in months. No clue what I even wrote about
Once in a while I'll get moved to do some exercise
I'm not getting high tomorrow and I never will and I take pride in it.
RT Fun fact: Next week's episode of Mad Men is named after the famous Sylvia Plath poem 'Lady Lazarus'.
Shut up, hister.
of course!
Charity helps Dallas seniors keep their pets
RT : “Our partnership with the private sector is creating jobs to build affordable homes/improve infrastructure......
Beautiful day offshore, maybe will see whales this time.
You never know who's coming by the suite..Cardinals player & country stars tonite
Hah! RT : She thought she was a pretty good phlebotomist, but all her attempts at success seemed to be in vein!
finally getting to bed at 2am - can't wait to wake up in <5 hours for a full day of shooting 2 shorts and dress rehearsal for TVM!!!
haha..tru..did you peep the socks? Snyder is about to make some $$ of him. Just glad #Skins finally have a QB.
don't those look yummy?!?! Little mini Pies on a stick #sweettooth calling!
It would probably freak me out too. Of course you won't find anything like that in the TC..
A daughter asked her mother how to spell penis, her mom said you should have asked me last night it was at the tip of my tongue.
Yes! Eating outside would have been a better choice! Jared's BO tweets are cracking me up, btw.
Im heading to Chicago Friday afternoon, & Indianapolis Motorspeedway Saturday. I CANT WAIT!! WHO!!!
Spending the next two nights at 361 McKee. Soon I won't be a guest on the couch.
If you would like this bronze tint option, please leave a comment in the "Special Instructions" box.
We're appearing in Chiva Town at the CDChivasUSA v. Kansas City match tomorrow.
You shouldn't be apologizing to everyone else.... i should be getting one.
She is awesome ": It's settled, white for the performance, peachy-pink for the after party. #sogirlyrightnow"
Very characteristic styles you've spotted, I really like the black&white striped dress with red hat
"all my swag in one spot" LOVE IT
you're not a stud muffin, more like a stud stick.
Healthy coffee for health and balance:www.energyconnection.organogold.com You wont be sorry!!
haha IK we should of gotten him back for hitting us...that hurt haha
I been chilln sup wit u?
We have 1/2 PRICE MARGARITAS tonight to keep the Fridas tradition alive!
Aw, cute. Nice work! Go Bucky!!! :)
Shavua tov. Shabbat is over in the "The Land of Zion and Jerusalem". Rainy and very cold weekend (Fri&Sat) here in Jerusalem.
Suddenly realized that my true ambition in life was to never work again, and that I had already achieved my goal.
Subtweet,mention,dm,text or call me.
Grocery list: Oreos, Cookie Dough, Dark Chocolate - making some post NY Pro treats =)
Why am I so obsessed with #NEONnailpolish!?!?
Singing at tonight around 930-10! Come out if ur in the area!
Thank you for live-tweeting my talk! (Thinking how funny that sentence would have sounded in 1995.)
i worry bout you gurll! you too crazyy! shyyyyt
Love these.
So glad I let win his only game of beer pong tonight
Lauren Alaina's 'American Idol' Run Brightens Tornado-Weary Hometown
broke like whats in your head!
“ judge me off information you know not things you heard”
just throwin it out there
I meant god lol sorry.
I really want to be able to RP on here. PLEASE. :(
Do not hold against us the sins of the fathers; may your mercy come quickly to meet us, for we are in desperate need. Psalm 79:8
Congrats on being one of Biz Bash's most innovative events pros!
Flight to vail diverted 2 co sprngs.Thought I was gonna get to see .
RT : Most important part of that play was that Westbrook gave the ball up willingly and early to Durant. <- !!!
They wouldn't waive the fee until I talked to tech support, who wanted desktop control "to walk through it together". I hung up.
Glazing workshop on Sunday was AWESOME! Learned so much. My goal for 2012. Get some of my pots on Etsy!
would like to thank the man sitting in the back of at 7am this morning for yelling, "santa clause!" over and over again.
Just had a great show !
Thanks Gabbi!!! We're obsessed with you!
that movie did suck. I rented it last Sat, what a waste of time
I put mine up in my cube this morning!
*smiles* Thanks for sharing! Have a good day! :)
Enjoying gorgeous weather and a nice little Saturday! Hope everyone is doing the same--who are you routing for this weekend?
#ConfusingThingsGirlsDo expect you to read their minds i dont have the ability to read minds only if i know what you where thinking hm...
How about a little bit of both “: #amasummit Are you stubborn or persistent?”
you watching the FA cup final?!
RT We would like to thank for listing Aruba May 3-7, 2012
nice! We're going to see it Sunday. I'm excited.
Need more followers
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead.. <3 - Adele :)
Follow me please :D.,
yea and the venue its at is legit.. All big
RT Trouble finds those who look for it
. on #socmed for #nonprofit orgs: would YOU want to read the content you're posting? If not, you're doing something wrong.
totally! At the hair salon today, nails tomorrow! Maintenance maintenance! Almost Cannes ready!
3Bet will be at The Bicycle Casino in Los Angeles TODAY from 2-5pm for the charity poker tournament. Join us!
Thank you so much!
Rarely does an age difference bother me...tonight I'm feeling fucking old & the kids are getting on my nerves
Lil' homey is sick again. This time its two ear infections and strep...
What time do dat end
>.< The 2NE1 "official blackjack" registration is only for people from korea and japan :(
We love flyers.
I'm almost to 500 followers :')
Wow, God seriously has a great sense of humor when it comes to my love life. Even when I try to take control, He laughs and says, yeah right
That's arguable
douche studies 201?
How about this...go fuck yourself.
“: I had dried ketchup on my face and no one told me smh” o buahahahaha
Thank You for your interest and support [] Please send all music to [ info at audiotreemusic dot com ] []
#FF to all of the seniors graduating from next Saturday! Now go change the world!
Not tired but I got Reach in the AM... :-/.
Niners offense needs to quit screwing around and help their D out
It's a tough job, but who is better suited for it? :)
Staaaaaaal!!! Goal!!! Oh yes!
let me know if you need a third white girl
Um. What did Kei Kamara just do?
Les has always had his wallet wide-open for Morey. Can't blame owner for not wanting a 60 loss team. Attendance is already bad
People Change In Life Just Like Seasons
Ed's need 4 impassioned, innovative, thoughtful newcomers= yes; grief/wariness about what is here/coming=?. If in 4 fight-yes!
How you from Detroit, but you scared of the "D"?
Omg, i`m so proud of you guys right now.
RT Demos at Honda yesterday and today/5 cities.They need to step up on HB 56 in Alabama.They are big employer there.just need to say repeal!
who knows, did you know werewolves also have hairy palms?
UUM I paid em jkjk i just came back and there was all these followers
imma go Wednesday for real
(500) Days Of Dora The Explorer
Perfect day :D the beach is soo peaceful and beautiful.. Just want to stay here forever
we used to have two cats, one named 'Red' and the other 'Sox'...Sox was the first to go, so we had just 'Red' for awhile...
Night = made MT Off the hizzle! RT Amy Goodman and Chris Hedges coming up on Charlie Rose in a few minutes
ya i just got on and ill be happy to follow a proud jonas fan lol
Remember when we started wearing red squares in solidarity with the Quebec student movement? #ggi #assnat #TAssembly archiving
your new line rocks dude, so glad you didn't close shop after your first line.
#needmorefollowers then follow
The Bus Driver Said I Couldn't Get Off By Your House -__- Sorry Grampssssss
#SometimesIGetSickOf "Real Hip-Hop"
If I had some free time... I would charge other people for it and make some extra money...
Blaise and I need to get to the park
Wasn't Prop 8 was declared unconstitutional and overturned?
Cast your cares on the Lord. Put your faith and hope in Him knowing that He has good things in store for your future
you're totally right, how sexist of me! Massages are all for fun, and fun for all! BTW I miss you!
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
Shout out to the nigga that keeps retweeting # you mudasucka!!!
Don't stop, KEEP ON MOVING. Let's Get It!!!
So in the mean time i guess we say bye bye
I'm back
Deerfield meet is running about an hour behind, just typing results as fast as I can.
Watching #OnceUponATime and loving all the scenes in the fairy tale world.
Installing perl modules to the electro-pop stylings of Stereolab.
Random persons house where are we lmao and others
you and are soo cute together :)
oh we've been getting on they head for years!!
sometimes a shoe is just a shoe.
Angry hands today. Weather gets nice...RA gets worse.
omg to bad I'm not dirty ... Can we say "high class" (:
A spider just walked across my desk, like an arrogant asshole. Now he's a dead arrogant asshole. Spiders are jerks.
I am royally #pissed this morning.
Open Court is probably the best thing on NBA TV. If you got it, you should watch it
Last night was brutal. I didn't get to bed until past one and I woke up all night.
David Simon to give commencement address at Georgetown. Speech probably won't have any Omar or Stringer in it.
would you smash?
I'm hearing someone improving on a Roland patch and a female singer and a good bass player
“: On our way to our pizza party #10,000recordsold!!!! Thank you to all who supported that effort <3333333”. Whoop!! Congrats!
I love you so much baby and I really had the best night.
It's like any addiction. She needs help for the sake of the kids.
Our website will be up and running this weekend in time for Presidents Day. Stay tuned!
Earth Day clean up today! :) So tired hahah <3
Julian you were amazing!!!!!!!!!!!<3 You did awesome! Love you so much. xoxo
can you follow me please
From a personal standpoint, safeguard. A person posted a pic of a comp covered in man juice. Last I head this was frowned upon
I'm chilling till yall calm down wit this basketball talk LOL
the thingy still didnt pop up D;
Always fight for what is yours..
wrestling isn't just a sport it's a passion! And I'm not a fan of wrastlin'... I watch for skill, technique, and the story
#49ers All The Way
Great event at Founders Friday in NYC tonight!
thanks SO much for taking us to the airport tomorrow-I know it is super early! We really appreciate it!!
Flirting with the cookout last
Hope so. RT : I'm sure you will soon enough. RT : I dont get it.
Watching Conan O'brien
Thanks homie, I'm excited as hell right now, it's still not registering!
After Round 1 of the #SpriteSlam my vote goes to Chase Budinger. Still think 'Nique & Dr. J should decide the winner instead of you & me.
Can anyone tell me what the streets and parking lots look like around southcenter?
The Anchor Bar would like to THANK EVERYONE who came out yesterday and had a great St. Patty's day with us..
I ate an entire tub of it in two days. I had help from though ;)
Thank you!! please come visit us! you two are adorable! Good luck w the new show, hopefully I'll get to see it soon!
very HD lol
Now let's do the nana part!
I have known teachers who purchased jammers to keep students off phones and other devices
RT: RT : "Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding;" -Prov 3:5//
is grateful.
Ladies and gentlemen, Schlitz has finally made its way to the West Coast. Let the beer-drinking begin.
Home from school!!
Happy to get the 3rd though #eupl :)
We play Rock and Roll. are very good friends that you should give a listen to.
Waiting for my slacker bros 2 come out 2 pine cove. Quit walking on the other side of the street and go 2 pinecove. -zax
My kids tell me Season 2 of Gilligan's Island is more creative than #1, is in color & says "the Professor & Mary Ann" in the song. ICYWW
There is only one brand of tire made for my car and its $130.
Thank you Nancy, for being your ubersmart, funny and generous self, and friend & mentor to boot. Happy to say it!
Great time at the zoo. such a beautiful day.
I did that with grad school. Work plus scholarships plus stipend for being officer on student ALA chapter.
For sure - after January 10th (end of CES). Until then, no time to kick back with the JD. Must focus...
Painted my nails green but ewwww I look like hulk <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
#sea Who has been the biggest inspiration in your life? Why?
#ModernMiddleEast test I will conquer you today!!
yep. You are definetly the last person to know. I thought everybody knew that one. Lol
John Shewchuk delivered a nice presentation at #CIS2010 - and it seems we agree...OAuth2 is the future...I love it
OH SNAP! A-Meezy aka about to start shuttin' down beats, HATERS SIT DOWN. (:
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer. – Albert Camus
lol kill some boys AND Men!! lol
yes!! I am currently at my 1930 murder mystery party!
daddy says God will take it all away so that I know it was "him" that gave it to me in the 1st place..I really feel it
Just realized that last tweet was missing an "about", maybe you don't always need an "about".
what happened near your store?
Preparing to launch a new video to spread the word about www.iheartonenote.com
Time efficiency trials, Day 1: Gravity assisted rapid descent down spiral staircase - Fail.
she'd be hot, if she didn't smoke lol
if i had long arms i could reach the cabinet
No interest yet for SISTERS from our customers in Baltimore County, either
Whenever it is possible, choose some occupation which you should do even if you did not need the money. ~ William Lyon Phelps
--sigh-- Very stupid gas. I sympathize. RT : And gas. Stupid gas.
I don't know how I keep erasing all my texts..... If I don't answer back is because I erased it.. So please resend
WATCH OUT FOR JULY FOR THE MUCH ANTICIPATED DOUBLE SINGLE RELEASES FROM THE MINI ALBUM EP!
Her tweets are so ridiculous. She's outrageous. Haha
Need to drown out this whole world and turn on the radio and dance... <3
nah join in, you are great at nonsense, as our fearless leader should be!!
Just checked into my awesome room at Hampton Inn Huntersville!
Yep. Plays Grace Farrell. Was terrific in her first big role.
cool! Ralph aka Michael G. from is in ! Super talented physical comedienne!
thanks guys!!!
Gonna watch Joyful Noise then New Years Eve =D
Let us know who got the hook up on V-Day gifts.
nah guru.!
In a city as musicaly diverse as New Orleans THAT was the best you could do
RT : You can give without loving, but you can never love without giving.~ Robert Louis Stevenson
Sexy people at track! :D ask :P
The job is motivation to get on the plane. Wine and Xanax help me stay ON the plane.
Early morning in Santa Clarita
My hint to everyone today, buy silver, like food the price is only going to go up, but you can't eat silver ;)
just dont settle for less, i dont have to tell you that a angus burger from mickydees does not substitute for Morton's Stkhs
that the only solution is military intervention, who says that peace talks don't work? | issue with
MYC Middle School students will be combined with the High School/College tonight in the YWC! 7pm!
This weather is simply perfect
Thanks for the mention!
aw u still got da last name there
Kepler Lucas :My "puppy-dog eyes" seem to have no effect on the pantry door.
it's ok no one has to know that you secretly wish you were us!
You should be my it girl baby
For a moment, long dark cloud formation reminded me of mountain range. So homesick for CA!! Now weeping uncontrollably
after what seemed like 2 years Jessica finally had her baby! damn girl
you got it... what size... pick another!
It's a cold, gray day and you're reduced to eating a microwaveable burrito with a plastic knife.
Starting my 5 day fast in the morning.
you watching any of the games?
I'm not sure where my patience has gone but I'm really getting tired of trying to find it.
I'm ok with 8-7.
That ROCKS. Time to go buy snacks! I wasn't planning on watching..
that read like something would have tweeted...and that's not a compliment.
My Klout score is falling. Used to be 37, now 28! I feel like I need to launch freekloutscore.com and have wacky commercials
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 21
I watch it daily...& love the music, so perfect. Hope your busy is good busy ;)
I think I'm gonna Mohawk my head for graduation ceremony. If not reverse Mohawk it like Marshall does before his wedding in HIMYM.
I had dinner with a really great friend tonight, my "adopted" mom, and all is right with the world. #StrongWomen make the best friends!
Joke would have been better had u waited until 10am to tweet that. I'll give u benefit of doubt assuming you're in São Paulo
Arrived in Houston, TX this afternoon to be with my Mother. I am blessed.
why does that not surprise me. I'm sure I will get to experience during my jaunts across the state
Get out ppls relationship , its not your place n never will me .
follow me you sexy piece of man meat! YUMMY! lol
If you look good and dress well, you don't need a purpose in life. -Robert Pante, fashion consultant
I saw sleigh bells earlier this year... what a great show. Have fun
QOTD - "She doesn't even know what Netscape is!"
I may seem cold hearted, but that's only because of how many times I've been hurt. I refuse to let it happen again.
IGNIS FATUUS THE ALBUM IS COMING OUT VERY SOON!!!!!
I just tweeted the wrong eduardo sanchez<<<
Happy Thursday <3
ahahaha oh brooke!
Re: tonight's Bones fight: Mike Kerr & 1aye do not condone violence!
TEAM (Back That Pass Up.) signed up for: Summer Co-ed Flag Football at Lewis and Clark College Wednesdays.
I have to wake up at 5:45 tomorrow to go get my permit. What's this fuckery?
yes :)) did u have a nice time with your family?? How do u celebrate in your country?
The recycling bins here (NE Seattle) remain stuffed to overflowing as they have been since the first snow in December. Sigh.
no problem! :)
awww I'm sry. I didn't kno. Well I rely hope u get a ton better.
i couldn't find my cat sarah, then i realized i accidentally locked her inside the closet outside all day. poor thing. lol
#nowplaying Right By My Side by and <3
All independent artist of all kind please go and follow .... ain't taken no for an answer !!!!!!!
Snowing and sunny??? Oh New England...
It's ok. Blame it on
heard you had a bday... Tuhhh happy bday old man<U+263A>
you make me feel like a kid! haha.
I'm not the one you wanna win. Its a losing game and I'm losing it.
I dont mean to brag, but I take huge pride in my lemonade vs tea ratio when it comes to creating an Arnold Palmer. The combo is crucial!!
plz follow huge fans follow too come on give some new Yorkers love
just now on Comedy Station a comedian (Billy Connelly?) mentioned a "gay techno terrier" in a bit about dogs.
Squat Thrusts, or "Burpees", are a great way to incorporate some cardio and full body strength training into your workout!
": When breaking up, it's only polite to go out with a bang."
Ladies and gentlemen, LeBron James and the Miami Heat.
That awkward moment when you already know 's big announcement, but have to wait til they announce to talk about it...
And mine???
Wish Twitter would let you "like" a tweet.
innovation should be a top priority for everyone involved in the project. I'm not letting the account managers off the hook.
Thanks for the FF!
We shall work through this trying time together. We're one swirl away when you need us! See you soon!
It's been a beautiful day here in Washington. Hope it holds thru the weekend, though I am told it's gonna rain....
Inlaws are there to be a pain nothin personal its there job¤ shot out to mines lls
today I learned that Melbourne was originally named Batmania. I felt you needed to know this.
That finale sucked balls. Terrible writing. I spit on that finale.
Omg people is so sweet to me (:
Can a person with no legs allowed to say I can't stand yu?
Holy crap, I am just now digging myself out after that 24-hour readathon.
Leap ahead of most students (and adults, too). Learn--really learn--how to use "its" and "it's." It matters more than you might think.
I'm wearing a green sweater. I will watch for you
era mi hermana :/
Watching Lost In The Trees sound check.
Can't wait to spend Friday night with the best boyfriend ever:)
Crazy cool! Impressive.
Tomorrow is #GraduationCentral! We'll be there selling our discounted New Grad Bargain Bag with tons of great stuff for the #ClassOf2012!
#Brewers at #MillerPark vs #Astros on Saturday, April 23rd at 6:10 p.m. Let us take you out to the ball game! Reserve now..call 608-764-2917
One doesn't think of Garcia Marquez as a true crime writer, but his "News of a Kidnapping" is one of the best of its kind ever.
Yes, coming back home! Cant wait till i see land again! =)
Another aftershock in cville
Awesome day hahaaa
It was the first book that I read in Brooklyn & then I discovered that I was living in the same neighborhood that she wrote about...
Official lesson of the day learned: don't sext when her mom checks her phone
your so welcome! He's too cute! Looks likehe's having alot if fun :)
The Schaefer for Judge campaign needs a labor-friendly local printing company for campaign printing projects. Referrals appreciated!
Mean and funny.
I love Michael Scott :) I wish you were still in the office!!!
With My Acting Coach ,!
well get on that thang ride
thanks for the follow
and I are working hard right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I need a little bit of change. Gonna be trying something new.
Ok finally stopped hitting my screen while looking at 's tweets realizing it was a prank
Never heard of someone being in love then moving on so quick .
DVD: Port of Shadows (1938)
LIES! FACEBOOK TRAINING: "Perceived Value/Positioning Yourself As An EXPERT" Is Lying! Would you use a Doctor That Did This?
I Dont Trust Alot Of People Because Most People Cant Be Trusted.!
you must be jamaican. because jamaican me want to punch your face.
") NOLA is magic--just had a lovely evening in the French Quarter. Hope u had fun too sister! You were amazing on the panel
kudos on the nice spread today. Newspapers should take note, you can't beat technology, so report on it well and stay relevant.
Stress, stress, it's the best!!
Try our SIMPLE & FIT 2-Egg Breakfast Scrambled egg substitute, two strips of turkey bacon, whole wheat toast and fresh fruit.350 Calories
Omg just got the best new for you .. The McDonalds on 1st ave now delivers!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F>
you bore me <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
How are you doing it? Codeacademy or just by teaching yourself?
I see I was about to put out a GPSA lol
lmao! It's like seeing a jungle cat in the wild.
ohh nope!! so it will be somewhere on my bday... (:
“: If you can't afford porn, just turn on women's tennis and shut your eyes.” Even with your eyes closed you can tell theyre dykes
packing up and heading to #oklahomacity for 's birthday extrrrrrrrrravagaaaaaaaaaanza!
congrats miss i cant txt josh today
ok... I didnt do nuthin to her so idky shes all mad at me.
reason we passing on WRs is because we have them,colt couldnt get them da ball
Nothing beats primary source PDA!
In Washington and just realized I'm 50 miles away from Canada... Uh can I go visit Bieber?
I could really use a nice cold ginger ale.
Oh, very welcome.
Pain during ejaculation can be due to strictures of the urethra and if there is infection in the ...
Off to Lake Mills for lunch with John Laabs from Wisconsin Broadcasters, said "Ill meet you for $2 hamburgers at the tavern, not sure where
I was gonna shower right now but I'm too sleepy!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
"Im not really a waitress".....check out this scrumptious berry nail lacquer from OPI if u need a little pop of gorgeous in ur life!! :)
Just took all my MAC off. Feels good to be naked <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Heading to the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
On the #Phish website, there's a balloon over Manchester, TN for June 6th... Wha?
A 10 year old just told me Ima dumbass o.o
I was born to be somebody, ain't nothin that's ever gonna stop me. I'll light up the sky like lighting <3
U said i won't make without u?! Picture that & as would SING "GET YOUR LIFE!!"
no problem. :)
Super Bowl and Crawfish. Big fire. Lots of fun. I prayed for no more rain. He listens, so all is good!
RT : "Suspending the campaign does not mean suspending citizenship." -Newt Gingrich. Too bad. //agreed
saw the last 2 and a half men show of the season. is jake leaving the show?
I did it
A Goofy Movie is trending. R-T if you have ever watched that movie before, or are aware of it. A Goofy Movie.
Thumbs up for "Page One", great inside look at the NY Times as newspapers fold around them.
Currency market opens at 5pm. Do not expect to much market movement as many countries still on holiday mode.
RT : Anyone make high quality t-shirts with custom graphics? I am taking bids for a project
I'm interested in drupal session. I need to yak less and hack more today.
the power of 40404 ~ awesome for small businesses
Those moods where you're just so happy and you don't know why > biggest smile on my face right now :-)
A girls smile is her sexiest curve.
Damn she got into a car accident i feel bad now for callin her a send off
MT : A bunch of folks want to know right now what you want from museum social media. Tell them w/ #musesocial &
Nope I forgot about the Emmy's & nope I didn't get that issue yet, I will soon tho. Have you read it?
Just because I don't react, doesn't mean I don't notice.
when can you come see me???? Cmon there's marines, the beach... What more could you want! I miss you too
Working closely with the reps. We owe the press for Tinkers to reps doing serious leg work.
#PennAW: What's next? 3 - 4:30 PM, Women Newsmakers: The Power of the Female Perspective, Sponsored by the Class of 1987
i'm finally mobile again!!! i love having my BB to drive! =)
Renowned Portland Artist Bill Rutherford's new Sculpture Collection...Success! Only 4 left.
Puttin the team on my back doe!
Inbound marketing kits including how-to videos and instructional ebooks on a number of inbound marketing topics
Thats more like it
my period is 5 days late. ugh wth
a bromance blossoms RT no, you come here and eat bacon
I just finished a 3.02 mi run with a time of 28:33 with Nike+ GPS.
I'm kind of waiting for a contestant on "The Voice" 2 say "Life has been pretty good to me.I'm really just here to sing and have fun."
can I have the money you'll use for the candles instead?? Lmao
Bitch, I dot know your life.
And there're these preppy people in front of me giving me the stank eye. Keep fucking lookin at me I'll knock your teeth down your throat.
This year o jump shots Paul's eFG was .493 to Parker's .413. There's not even an discussion there.
Saw the vid a few days ago--wow! Talk about being bitter..I also think that he's ironically displaying his own ugly imperialism-
she's adorable!!!
that's not funny. I'm going to have to recall the box of bbq I sent to you.
That did not happen yet darling, that's why I'm making fun of my buddy !
Don't forget the bagel sandwich on your way to work! Call for take-out or come over! 303-623-0525 Bagel Sandwich $3.99
To compare is not to improve.
Does anyone know how to set you tube parameters. I need to fit hi-def video into 16x9 format on a website. Please DM.
Met with the owner of Agency DJs today. Then got a job with a photog ive been wanting to work for. today was crazy but awesome!
I'm pretty good at ignoring the word "hoeski" now(not that it's a word) If it doesn't bother it's not gonna bother me either
Thoughts on #parking meters in your neighborhood? Working on a gripe about it for tmrw
Love Potion: Great song - tells a story (unlike much other music)
Anyone else think Charles Barkley should Just eat until he pops?
where did you get the nikes in your last blog post? having a painful time looking for new nikes. oh, just 2 weeks from the race!
lol don't say that! My friend made it!
the fake celebrities, the relationship advice, the sarcastic willy wonkas. its fuckin awful
well, i'm listening to Railroad Earth's Elko right now...
Try Amber Indian Restaurant on Market near the Four Seasons. We loved it!
Did you know in Houston, a cop can give a DJ a $1k ticket without a warning or db meter?
Thanks to the CR-Z's great GPS system, we made it to Memphis safe and sound! Look out for the Honda Sport Hybrid at the Memphis tailgate!
Agreed. RT : That was not a swing
Have a great Monday everyone! What new music are you guys listening to? Let us know.
With "Cabin in the Woods" following "The Hunger Games," "21 Jump Street," and "John Carter," 2012 has become a year of great genre films!
email for requested pics: THANK YOU!
Congrats to on the award win for Best Opening Line: “This is Detroit, so welcome to the jungle.”
Looking out my window at work there appears to be some A-10's flying overhead for
“: Rumors? Impressive bitch. At least you're spreading something else besides your legs.”
All in San Diego! just released some standing room only tix - u still have time to come down
I wish you hadn't stopped commenting on the World Turns TV fan page, You're missed over there.
Thank You Father For Your Everlasting Mercy!
RT : No plan is good unless you have some KPIs to measure results
Pauly D -- New Liquor Deal Could Make Him CRAZY RICH!!!
Thank you! It still seems unbelievable!
You won't be so #proudofbreezy once I give him the beating he deserves. IF he accepts my challenge. Time to man up->
about 20 feet for birdie, right? No video to view. Relating on your awesome tweets.
Mom: Why are your eyes so red? Me: I was smoking weed with my friends. Mom: HA! Friends! Go take your allergy medicene. Me: Okay..
hi Jess! Did you check it? :) Will we have the honor of your presence?
ugh me too he is fine AF!
yikes, ouch, holy crap, etc. "suburban housing prices may not recover in our lifetime"
hey Alex u shud follow us ;D
Bynum whines around and looks like he doesn't care too much. It makes me mad watching him play
Proud to see and are both dedicated to educating women and preventing poverty this #MothersDay. Support their causes.
You should stat a collection, see how many you can get lol
Trem - quarter draft night ? ;) how is your lovely wife? Tell E I said hello.
Magic words are "Have you moved?" It makes people think if they are really registered and if they need to update.
Jasmine V has to follow me on Twitter !
#ThoughtDuringSchool What to plank.... What to plank....
Don't tell me my travel is my only addiction. If I love Australia I won't leave!
Daddy just taught me some cool guitar walk downs on 'Dean Reed's favorite' :)
well your welcome (:
Sleeps just time spent wasting time.
Totally Agree. Twitter Spam Sucks.
I can't wait until my wive's birthdays <3
Serious prayer needed for my son right now ASAP thx.
Willem Dafoe is the closest a human will come to looking like a monkey.
I swear omg me and didn't know we were gonna see Janet Jackson nshit
Wow, I left the TV for an hour and a half, I come back and the Bulls are up 45, wow...
Apparently no one amused you.
I honestly would think there would be one there. I like the Swedish fish one!
dude, there is no way to describe how many years off my life some of your shots have taken, you are an awesome Spur! keep it up!!!
If anyone has a complaint against another, even as Christ forgave you, so you also must do. Col. 3:13
I cant wait till text monday!!:)
Let me ask this: what exactly does one tweet during a play?
especially with his lil weasle voice, that shit would sound dope with a dope nrock beat, but he's fuckin it all up. But koodos on bridg gap
As says, #roflcon is like Woodstock for meme geeks. Nerdvana for sure. Though we should start tallying Reddit mentions.
As information: our website, rightdirectioninc.org, has been temporarily shut down for maintenance. We'll have it up and running soon
next to you by jb & chris brown
how was gym
TODAY IS MY 6TH STRAIGHT DAY OF WORK
A winner of the Ducati has been chosen from ! Check your inbox (spam too!), you may be the winner! Will announce once confirmed!
If that strategy ever works out for you, let me know. Running the gauntlet of mall kiosk hucksters is daunting indeed.
Zuccotti Park looks like a homeless renaissance festival more than a protest
Yep, apparently it didn't do too well. I think an Einstein's will take its place.
the party is HERE tonight Thirsty Thursdays with host and and guest DJs drinks specials, beer pong and much more
I've been a bit quiet the last year or so. Now it's time to get loud.
design a campaign/event that can incorporate offline and online media and spread it via social media
first follower!!
Got a sweet hair cut!
I went to see what's trending and most of them are about penis's.. Hahahah
Hmm... I'm not a good athlete because I don't run back and forth to the water fountain every single time ? #OkDad ...
great video cover on call me may be - you and your band are amazing - u have to be so glad u have so much friends ;d
Lane Bryant last year I think. In a pinch, you could get Cafe Press to make ya' one. We'll open a store & be rich! :D
Should've gone with my first choice
Sometimes people are nice and it's nice when they are.
Things are falling apart again
please open the door I just wanna talk
I miss my black streaks.
Get head while im readin call that shit "FaceBook"
Creating custom module for Drupal today!
oh I see
Morning Everyonee :) Have A Great Day :)
that makes u...um... RT "When asked if I'm tech early adopter, I replied "I won't be the first, but I won't be the third."
Nothing better than a sweet tea on a sucky day
Well hot damn, son. I may have to come check you out live and in person and in living color.
Go #Yankees! And go #NYRangers!
It's a first. No one double parked in G St at 15th bike lane tonight.
Its raining blessings and opportunities today! No umbrella needed ;-)
Pro tip: when sending a formatted email, remember to properly capitalize the recipient's name, remove (dealer name) from body, and cont...
Late-night, Easter AP Euro notes. Yeah.
where is this loft located? I have a customer looking for a 3 bed loft space!
Saw #Avengers, a storm's raging, I have a whimpering dog sleeping on my feet and a talkative cat rubbing on my chair. Time to write.
please tell me you got that from who's line is it anyways! I'm not hot... I'm spicy!
the floor might collapse from the sheer weight of it! Hah! What were you reading, by the way? Anything good?
When you wake up around 2-3am without any reason, there's an 80% chance that someone is staring at you. >.<
You can't buy happiness, but you can buy Nutella and that's close enough. :)
Bored as hell..Caught myself 5 dayss so I guess imma be just bored juring that time -_____-
I need outside intervention.
what's sups cuz
This nigga is going ham on Corbin up on his fb
Brewers game tonight at 7:10 against the Reds= $2 hot dogs and $3 Louies and Damsel cans! You can't beat a deal like that!
Milwaukee...it's time again for PLAYOFF HOCKEY! Let's get 'em tonight boys!
SEA, DC, NYC, NJ, NYC, DC, SEA. This is a good thing.
“If you aren’t fired with enthusiasm, you’ll be fired with enthusiasm.” ~Vince Lombardi
3/4 a singer I mean u was the one tht said #NeverSayNever and I live by that and if u could follow me I would be so happy but
Awesome! Did you enter on the blog & include your ring size?
follow the club
They'll be unhappy until gay divorce is legalized.
I believe the true road to preeminent success in any line is to make yourself the master of that line. -Andrew Carnegie
Did three things right: Online video YouTube Lots of content (hit singles) 8 videos a day--library
Need to be studying for this Math, but in all reality I just want to lay in my bed. Naw, I want to see Avengers instead.
Gaylord Stinchcombe is probably my most favorite fictional name that I have created.
un. real.
Let's go Tribe!!!
And the mahomies are SO PROUD OF AUSTIN too! Can you follow me please? Im a spanish mahomie and I LOVE AUSTIN<3
NBC News: Newt Gingrich will lose his Secret Service protection tonight
I can be such a bitch sometimes omg
Funny that #DaveBlaney is trending worldwide - I think he officially qualifies for interview now!
Happy Bday D. I wish I was there to celebrate it with you. Anyway have a great day~BAMM.
just another hoop to jump through
we need yue back in our life, come c us, and we can be BAMF
yayy road trip with my favorite girls<U+263A>
Woo! Got the break room to myself!
You were a great friend to me Ryan I considered you part of my family. I love you man
How do you fight it? How do you just ignore it? How do you just let it go? Is it even possible?
Follow me
thank you for the recommendation
You deserve your spot on How could anyone not love your personality :) So happy to hear you speak
plus u sexy, tatted up and u tall... :) <3 soo true...
Who shut down Wells Fargo today? WE shut down Wells Fargo today!
So great 2 see u honey! Thanks so much 4 coming 2 support!": About to see my girl Do her thang at #johnvarvatos store"
brave to take on an adele song - sounds awesome!
Our live coverage of the Sweet Sixteen in Boston, #Badgers vs #Syracuse, starts at the top of the hour on 91.7 fm
Practice tonight at 5?
HAHAHA! thank you.
This is a boring ass movie.
Having said that, I think the #NYR WILL WIN IT ALL
You treat me so bad but I still luv you. Kisses
And yet again, Google grossly underestimates NYC traffic.
unwittingly admits that Carter was the best job growth president.
yum! did you like?
Life is short. Which is why I've decided to celebrate Father's Day today.
Thanks for helping us hit 1000 today. Tell everyone you know about the film. Help us tell CSA survivors know they're not alone.
I have an irrational fear that when I open my garage door in the morning, I'll see a guy just squatting in there, chillin'.
Oops, we're :) #YouRock!
#MDSBW12 always wonderful to hear you speak!
its only paradise if you follow me ;-P
Follow back?
I have been confined to my room.
Some things, are just left better unsaid and kept to yourself.
Sorry I couldn't stay for the whole thing!
Uh that's not attractive....
Why does work writing require 3 times as much effort and distraction as other writing?
yellow not so great, our awesome as always, brought some to LaHinas for Jared to deep fry it but too busy right now!
I'll take punk ass nerd Dj producers over sellout DJs any day bro
FACT: if Greenspan wouldn't have fought against regulation of dishonest financial products in the 90s we would've avoided recession.
Thanks for the follow, I admire your writing!
Thanks for coming out Tuesday. Hope you give the site a spin! Let us know if we can answer any questions.
can you send one this way?
I was literally just about to ask for music suggestions myself.
"Can I have a grande-ass coffee?"--the guy on line in front of me at Starbucks
and back across the Narrow Sea with you Sir Richard!
RT ZOMG DJ AM makes a cameo on the new south park
I love gettin those "I miss you" txt frm my bf :)
it's clean now and I always take the otter box off too
Missing my lil Family
Nice! “: Will be attending meetings this morning of both the #SEC's Media Relations Directors and Chief Marketing Officers.”
do you have a timeframe for #google+ integration with your software?
Colombelle Blanc is razor sharp...tastes like a good switch-up for Sauvignon Blanc fans
When a big girl get married how can her hushband carry her through the door ?
Do we have to be associated with a particular publication? I'm a freelance writer/editor. I know NHLI is amazing...
i like a nasty ass clean ass girl
ojk text me when u wanna hang with me:)
it was me. i'm in SD! jkjk
I guess I mean C-style pointers like in linked lists? This should be in AnyRef, but I'm having trouble exposing it.
I'm reading #diaryofawimpykid rite now the 3rd book
There's an app for 1 of the cutest picture books out there "Press Here." CUTE!!!
How it going Bro will you follow us please. We would like to email you a track. #HappyNewYear and thank you
Shouldn't you have read Dreams From My Father before the '08 election? It's like you guys are just discovering he wrote a book.
If you were to redesign iTunes today, what would you remove?
I am So close to enough coins for colors in draw something. So close!!!
I am thankful for the high ceilings in the newsroom... It covers up smells.
is officially filing a restraining order on mother nature.
Why is a baseball game in San Diego involving two West Coast teams being played at 3:35 on a weekday?
then drink at home
Friday, Next Friday, Friday After Next, how tf does all of that happen to you in 3 weeks??
A fantastic work of metafiction! ": 'Suddenly, a Knock on the Door: Stories' by Etgar Keret"
hm. I wonder if you're sitting near
polls are so much fun. poll: Obama today: disapprove 50, approve 41. CNN poll: Clinton Jan 5, 1996: disapprove 49, approve 42
Woo got a 93 on my first college exam lol
It's time for the post-lunch coffee...
Thank you for sharing the Warren video! Immensely appreciated.
OMG! Lmao I just saw this!!! Hahahahahaha
use to pay kobe now i pay lebron-jeezy
my cat is rapping at me. She's pissed we ran out of wet food.
#in The stars are wearing French Braid Headband why can't we? Here are a few steps to creating your french braid headband.
Not a fan, but I'd take Fenty & his tude over our other mayors any day. He's a doer! This town needs doers! "This town needs an enema!"
Lol I know right? Although the sun is still up when I hit the sheets.
Congrats to who were able to bring on as part of their team.
It never fails u can set my cup down in sum random place like timbuktu or constantinople an my son will still find a way to knock it over!
i get your point - not saying anything is good or bad, it is just a fact
Just Learned How To Take A Screenshot :) Haha
want to grow back my hair!
he really has a way with the ladies.. Knows how to do it the right way
put some backer in our mouths
A dollar an inch! RT : Tis the hour when tweets turn weird and dirty…
#ILOVEYOUMORE!! Lolz, almost got run over I'm crying so hard
Happy Mothers Day , Your the best Second Mom Ever ! (; I hope you had a good day .. & please follow me ?
no I can't say I have. I've jumped in a shark tank but I can't say I've tipped a cow. Maybe in 2012 could be on my wish list.
Alter egos unite This could be trouble, folks.
Some of these bath and bodyworks scents are nasty!
Every chick is whipping out in half pipe what the hell?!
bitch you gone need us before we need yo.broke ass
WMATA says: Red Line: Trains are single tracking btwn Ft. Totten & New York Avenue due to track work. Expect delays in both directions
ah well time to hit the hay goodnight noodles;)
I know I say this all the time but you really need to get into modeling the camera loves you
now you're just being picky.
Pat O'Briens at the Final Four think last time I was here was 2004!
same here! At least it's better than regular milk!
All damn she's heartbroken... I'm coming 2 the rescue!
I want to punch Buzz Williams in the face every time I see his ugly mug on ESPN!
I smoke blunt to take the pain out and if I wasn’t high I’d probably blow my brains out.
Excited for a fabulous Betsy camera bag from giveaway!! Enter to win at the Market all weekend!
I once shared with a friend a bottle of wine that tasted like rare steak. It was not good, not bad. We finished the bottle.
Why do British people never sound British when they sing?
only once I'd hope. ;)
I'm following too many people ... time for a TL sweep .
haha I hear ya, I thought I would readjust quickly to the weather, which has not been the case at all, congrats on the marriage!
I hate when boys break up with there ex girlfriend then get back with them a month later..
we all need protein! :)
If you were reading Henry Miller's Tropic of Cancer at the Dayton Metro Library this morning, I was reading over your shoulder.
94.5 is on point right now thoe :O >>>>>>
One direction no offense but wat kind of fans do u have. Not all fans might be bitches and i apologize for those 1d fans who respect the win
": Jeremy Lin goin to drop Lebron" I would LOVE to c that! LOL
My Aunt just reminded me of my age. Ugh...my head hurts now.
Had a great time last night at my BDay Party. Thanks to everyone for making it out!
It's always nice & a good feeling when you go the way of escape in temptation #GodBless tweepz, I'm gon..†
Wow... #BOYFRIEND!
Sign that the machines have already won: hour long classroom training required to learn how to use a new desk phone. I think I miss rotary.
You are very welcome! Keep up that hard work in BH!
wow I hate this school. so. fucking. much.
ahah : ) he followed u :D
can't wait to give you new tunes to add to the collection!!! <U+E056>
One more night of work until my day off!!!!
<3 I like goin' in the woods, gettin' muddy, but that's just part of bein' a country girl <3
ok where was that
Incredible graduation today! 40 employees from 1 of our corporate clients. Real-world English as a second language classes. So inspiring.
July 21 is "FOLKSTEP" - Upstairs Folk: Tumbleweed Company, Sassy Molasses, Terminal Union / Basement: DWB, Juan Cosby, Dub Locks, Ariosa
Another beautiful day. Thank God for another day. Going to church to give thanks then It's a gig out in VA. It never stops.
Thanks for the reminder! ": That chicken fajita taco at Whataburger is pretty darn good, just sayin'."
The post-match thoughts post also gives an explanation of what actually happened on the Sapong foul and goal called back.
Have a great time Brian! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
F*** with me ONE MORE TIME. Hahaha
ABDC is going to be sick tonight! There dancing to Drake! <3
Ahh... To sleep perchance to dream...
New day, new week. I was not put here on Earth to be just ordinary.
I need to get a poster board for spanish
Philly is the most disgusting city in the world. Fuck the flyers! Let's go Devils!
summer means tank tops. get ready
well, glad you got it (-:
I follow (:
your hair is curly like mine<3
it's about damn time! I'm having withdraws!
you're crazy.
...i need a steady independent money making sex machine girl....lmaol....
celebrate by sucking their own dicks and justin was like wait what? no thats gross! omg it was hilarious
Smh the fuckery at the school.
I want Don happy. But not this kind of happy.
thanks lady! You will have to come back to support us
working hard as always
omg he died?
Working out of the studio today on an editorial submission.
when i get my 1000th follower, i'll be following over 2000 people.
hehehe still hoping the lakers will wake up here. Real soon.
I'm 111 pages into the Hunger Games-- really a great read so far. Plan to finish tonight!
I really hope we dont do out speeches today. It's Friday. Why do we have to start today?
use gloves. Don't want to get it dirty.
Youngins are working the corners around liquor store. Asked if I wanted to make $10, had to turn me down. 's sting taught me.
I'm not sure....maybe he is pulling his groin.
Know that wishin on a star can turn yo life into a dream.
Entertainment in the car for kids while you drive: License Plate Lingo - Come up with a phrase using the letters of license plates you see.
Molotov_Jukebox: Off to bed... Nat has to get to her next job in half an hour though...
I have nothing. But I have you, God.
Thks for following! -- from author of CLAUDE & CAMILLE: A NOVEL OF MONET & MARRYING MOZART. "Hopelessly happy" best thing in world!
thanks Von!
John Maynard #KEYNES~English ECONOMIST & Fabian #SOCIALIST~BRAGGED about promoting the~Euthanasia of Capitalism|RT |
Real world is casting for another sf season. I hope their house is in the marina+they never go out in the mission+I don't know they're here
I feel ya, hon. I hate to think what shape I'd be in if I didn't have my meds. I not so fondly remember my depression holes.
Chesapeake Lodging Trust Reports First Quarter Results; Pro Forma RevPAR Increased 12.2% and Pro Forma Adjusted Hotel ...
Nothing better than having Cawood come on a random IPod shuffle leading up to the Dance.
Sorry if you were sent spam from my account, everyone. I blame ! ;)
“ “ Never run out of reasons to smile.””
Come on.... Dammit..... You know you want to respond!
Aunt's r the best. They'll help with things your parents just won't understand. Go Aunts:)
Agreed. Do I believe in God? Yes. Do I think we should view ourselves as "vessels" to jusitfy war in name of? NO.
RT me for more followers, me too.
I think golfers should do those on the first tee with one another - especially of they're on the same staff
Downtown at the glasses store on fifth
All of the above It was MORE racist against white guys. But it was also a shot at black guys. Im an equal opportunity offender.
Cleaned my whole apartment yesterday. Not fun but always feels great afterwards
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. -Thomas Jefferson
yup like Hood but we need one every year to come!
No one is worth your tears and if someone is, they really won't ever make you cry.
Lamest touchdown ever RT : Expecting people to be celebrating slowly turning around and then sitting down all over the city tonight
Chicken salad with crackers <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
North Koreans! Ah
I'm only speaking in Spanish tonight so if you text me it will be in Spanish
Being sick <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> ugh.
ALL ARTIST STILL WANTING A FT. EMAIL ME @
Good morning!! Rise and shine!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2600>
"Yeah you can kiss the ring, but you can never touch the crown.."
Sometimes, I think I am the only person in the world who has the theme song to 'The Facts of Life' on her iTouch.
Come Monday, I'm back to my summer'11 diet!
Conference tourney starts Tuesday night at home, 6pm versus a very good Cornell team. Come out and support our players!!!
thanks for the props!
if I got the hours u sure can :) and thank you!!! I wanna see u soon
Remember a month or so ago when people were worried about the #Cavs making the playoffs? Yeah, that went away fast...
“: Met some cool new people and played some good ass beer pong <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> had a good day!” and picked up clothing from Jairo's
The mask that you wear is just an illusions. We've picked up our cross, we've found a solution.
Saturday night special (guests): Pulp. Opened with Do You Remember.
On a mission for local fame. I lost sight of my dreams. Now I'm going to chase them down while I still can
put a bird on it
Days are too busy, Hours are too fast, But there is always time for me to think about you..
it should be #CHANGCHANG. That's a no brainer. Looking forward to Law & Order: GCC (Greendale #Community College)!
Seeking expert to educate NFL Spouses regarding the NFL's potential upcoming strike. Celebrity Spouses will feature up to date information
will the irattating voices ever stop!?!?!
nice press release
Since #oomf sleep i have no one to talk to, GNight yall
I TWEETED ON THE RONG POST JEZ
Don't tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon. Paul Brandt
see if mark can make it Friday. I get off work at noon so I can meet y'all somewhere!
I'm having a Ketel One lemon drop instead. Haven't been yelled at like that since my mom. Crazy! In comparison, anything that happens is ...
Oh yay=) You gonna ride down with him on the back? OH! better yet drive your car with Gibbyyyy!! ;)
: ARE YOU GOING TO COME BACK TO T.V IN 2012 I AS A FAN MISS SEEING YOU ON T.V.PLEASE RETURN TO T.V
why not finally say that policy of always opposing the president purely political reasons is completely unamerican/childish
A wind gust of 70 mph was reported in Harwich today.
don't get to fight your battles for you!
Haven't you heard? I'm the crazy bitch around here.
if i had 1 wish i would wish to be with my cousin Jaden
Some of the shit said on twitter is out of this world.i'm a start another twitter called #rachetness.Feel free to join If u r ate up or
is back home.
haha sometimes. It's actually kind of interesting
perhaps. Fall dropped starting in June. They prob are. “: don't you think Luke Donald's tartan pants are fall? ”
It's been nice spending YET ANOTHER Saturday morning with you. You know where I am M-F.
no I'm not gonna go back until the fall
"It's not fashion without an afterparty"
said it must be....lmao you know it
At our worst we dress our best.
The banner is etched with their dreams for a better place.
DUECES AP SPANISH <U+270C>
aww sweet Thank You !
Bring the skins
hehehe okay it'llbe our little secret :P :D
Not sure yet. We're having our first organizers meeting tonight to plan things out. =)
word of advice. don't be flirting and trying to get with someone the same day you go into a relationship with someone else.
..."nearly" ? hm...don't worry, we'll fix that once the season starts.
oh i can see you im just not lookin at you son
Missin every moment of his presence
casino stereotypes debunked session+no sleep+ crazy networking= epic so far
follow back? :)
Watching austin and ally...............not goin to school tomorrow...woot woot!!!!
gnight JohnBoy, I'm going to catch at least 40 winks. :)
Got my feet and eyebrows done
NY Giants select Virginia Tech’s David Wilson -running back- with 32nd overall pick in the first round.
Im trying like he trying lol
I love different. That's what keeps shit from getting boring.
it's vday! get outta there quick!
What a beautiful day!! .. Go EAGLES!
I feel so blessed, So fortunate. I have my health and the love of family and friends. Goodnight everyone.
#wouldyou tell me I'm beautiful when it's a day of my worst?
I caught that too. I wonder while Adam Jones was working with Tony Gwynn, was Mark Reynolds working with Dave Kingman.
Thanks for the mention!
Sent of a resume to 's , which would actually be a great fit. I wrote my dissertation on pancakes. With syrup.
IF I SEE THORNTON, I WILL ORCHESTRATE AN ANGRY MOB -- Reporter Prince () agreed
Having said that, what are OUR expectations for #MayweatherCotto ? I've heard Floyd will win at least 10 rds, I've heard "toss up"
How about a piece of chocolate in the middle of the day?
and the packers just won with that stop. Score here and to open the 3rd. D shows up in big moments.
david dejesus. that is all.
thanks for following , we appreciate it! hope to see you at one of our upcoming events soon!
the ending was a tear-jerker. Very well done
I need a Clear mind cause I've Been blind to Long..
Is my earwax supposed to taste this buttery?
deep water carter, fishing for a dollar.
call me at 2703178082
ME TOO! I'm gonna try to lose more but ya know..it's a process..a slow steady one hahah
Anyone have any cooking tips?!
no problem I always love an enlightened exchange.
This is interesting!! *eats morning oatmeal*
I feel awful :(
My blog is about learning everything, lol. (www.LearningNerd.com) Video tutorials on every subject -- it forces me to branch out!
its a call center
The conflicts of social life and the limitations of nature cannot be managed or transcended.
That's why I don't have a dog
What's your rec? RT : Can you suggest a seminar or conference on digital strategy for a new newspaper web editor?
Work out w / crystal in like 20 , 30 mins .
Says speaker at #interedition, DjVu is the most used ebook format in Poland (90% of users!)
pulled out a thump let that hoe jump bullets blickin at you like omg wtf he soft as a bitch hit him in shit then he started talkin shit
Our cover of 's "Boyfriend" is sounding HOT! Coming at you tonight!
Omg! I love you ICONiacs! U always make me laugh or smile in someway! :) stay GRAND for the GRANDerz!
#nowplaying Nancy Wilson. When Sunny Gets Blue.
Hey :) how are you ?
going to espinozapaz concert this friday yea
Happy Mother's Day.
Like I'm really shitty...wow
I just can't catch a break
Happy Birthday !
"Success is using your talents to elevate other people" - Dr. Benjamin Carson
word to the unwise, pretending something is all good doesn't make it all good...makes it worse actually, makes people hate other people...
The Bible and Birth Control — Conservative Christian Bible Study ...
her phones off
Brides--make your wedding Day even MORE fun-help your stoogie family members "lighten-up" & stay away from punch-rent us!
Been a loyal Yahoo user for 13 years, but I must admit, I'm surprisingly impressed with Microsoft's Bing.
Its like hes her favorite. Like she wants to rape him- jasmine
Never raise your hand to your children - it leaves your midsection unprotected
My LinkedIn stream is suddenly filled with poorly written satellite-tweet rants about political issues. It's like MySpace with a briefcase.
fwd'ed you a picture on fb. has been posting up some pictures from what he can see.
Just saw Game Change! I read John McCain didn't watch it - The portrayal of him was empathetic. Julianne Moore was incredible!
Isn't that the truth?! Good day, for sure.
you just can't deny that every aspect of that style sounds the same. And it's quit annoying, and the lyrics are retarded usually.
thank you again Sam. :)
have fun!!!
RT “: Congrats on your new job!!! I'm so excited for you chica!” :D thanks
can i get one And follloe back please
no i just need someone on more
on my tablet and have a app called 8tracks and all the songs are people who make them they are very good too
following back
Don't forget! You can buy up to 3 VOUCHERS for #Chandler4Corners and combine them for your purchase
thunderstorm in #Minneapolis right now yes
Do you really think the ladies dig the mustache??
": A court ruling in Boston stated that a sandwich 'must include at least 2 slices of bread.'" Justice comes in all shapes n sizes
Good morning! Lots to cover in news,weather department. Last day solo anchoring b4 our new co-anchor joins team, thanks for hanging w/ me!
Wordpress, twitter, facebook, tumblr should be viewed as tools of engagement.
Honestly, I love playing on the same basketball team as my two best friends. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Wait, wait. I misspoke. My family HAS been to Orlando.
Don't hit a man when he is down. Kick him; it's easier.
did you hear about the fight after we left?? Lol
also, , lil' jill is off the table....
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when im reading & people be distracting me lol
want some curry goat - make up Sparkle. Private joke.
36 pts--WAY TO KILL IT!! Go Stars! Bring on the playoffs!!
: the amounts of #OB tweets and bodies at McKeldin represents the amount of interest on that issue
Rehearsal? Is this one of those pretending things where I read from a book? Because I don't do that so good. -Kemmler
Adding QR code to back of business card to direct clients to my LinkedIn profile. Smart idea from my smart friend Anne.
Well no good but valiant effort We are open for condolence drinks until 12.
It's gonna be huge? I see what you did there Sean...
I'm wondering if you received the press release I sent you yesterday detailing projected growth for 2012?
thank goodness
sometimes i think The Whole World is on twitter…but then i go home, see a show, & see but one "nearby tweet" for a mile.
just woke up !
Follow to learn more about trending issues in the industry and the latest events, conferences and more
going to school. Fight at Travis Lutters saturday
Jay Z + Carnegie Hall + 99 = i am officially middle aged
Some foods are season-specific. Summer calls for Mom's Spicy Popcorn. I'm off to the store for ingredients, and then will eat myself sick.
I'll give it month :P
In other database frustrations: redis BGSAVE when the changeset is too large, and you're using 80% of RAM for redis == fail / re-design.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Broasted Chicken
Little Weapons is shooting in #SanDiego for the next week!
#ridiculousness>>>> cracks my shit up lmao
RT : Bo Ryan is blocking John L. Smith's transfer from Weber St to Arkansas
so glad it went well. Hated to miss it. Thank you! Piedmont THATCamp would be awesome!!
If you love something, don't piss it off.... That is all.!!!
ii got fans! they love me haha
Blepharitis is inflammation of the eyelid. It can either affect the front (anterior) or the inner eyelid (posterior).
ha! and it's the word reporters love :)
I would always read it before I went to bed and be all cuddled in my blankets like, ah asfksjuzf.
Holy cow. I can't believe this is happening. A lot of people will see this as a road block but I see it as a blessing. Holy man.
I like it when babe falls asleep on my lap ^_^
Because their the second un-sexiest team in the NBA. The first being the Celtics, the them the Spurs will play in the finals.
haha i was talking about andrews board
did u see Endy Chavez wear the wrong helmet last at bat?
For you it was a choice? you can eat Gluten without medical challenges? correct?Wonder how many choose to not eat it
Don't worry, girls, one day you'll find a guy who ruins your lipstick, not your mascara.
Arlington Irelands Four Courts Bring your kids to the Courts today! Soccer is on, 50 cent wings, kids eat FREE til 7 pm
#FF for your love and support
To follow someone else is to forfeit your ability to make decisions to them.
Yesterday was horrible. Time to move forward. I still love the
i ate the last one today :)
It still hasn't hit me yet, but I know it will.
Hi there! Sorry about the wait. It doesn't usually take that long for delivery. How was the bbq? Where did you order from?
alright mister but take it easy and sending you healing huggies ;) keep me posted. U still coming to SD?
came 4 the lulz stayed for the tl;dr's
Cops are at my school. Go figure.
#allgamejobs Are there any experienced programmers looking to make a game of the year on the east coast? Ping us for more!
put a picture of u :P are u a girl or a boy :P
VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE.
gotto make it ten for it to count!
Does Romney endorser Ted Nugent's sexist & violent rhetoric concern you ?
When it comes to carpet cleaning in Golden Beach, Florida locals depend on Revolutionary Cleaning.
All the bands here, ready to go. Sound checking and then relaxing.
Jack thinks he has a "Bot Fly Larvae" in his head. Cause he can't think or do right anything?!?
And right after I saw your tweet, I tweeted a faculty member from my personal Twitter accidentally.
Woahh for the first time I'm actually early for school...
Couldn't have said it better! RT : A2: Passion is key.
#realestate | I'm scouting for homeowners in San Diego or other parts of California who've had their mortgage reduced...Please RT.
No no no! It's watching that class distinction starting to get torn down. That and it's a soap opera made better by accents.
Can you play "So Many Girls" by again please!?
So much easier to produce pages when you can start citing other people's work! Thanks for saving me from MORE primary research!
check yourself before you wrecked yourself in the mental state by resolving 2 be yourself & know that he who finds himself loses his misery.
I have a feeling ur kind of biased tho then it comes to COD. :-)
EVERYONE STOP & FOLLOW !!! She Bad , & got hella swag.. if you aint following her than you a dum bitch ..
Oh shit its mothers day. What should i get my mom? What do women like? Chick flicks? Ill buy her my favorite romantic comedy "The Accused"
Nerlens Noel to Kentucky. Looks like Pete Thamel can start digging dirt again.
i love storms....
did you have fries too? I love
WANT all of the furniture in Studio D in the Davidson Library for #Atkins #uncc group spaces.
Guys are so gross.
God willing and the crick don't rise, this is my last flight out of a DMV airport until #pilotday12. :)
Guys these days are starting to be very difficult!!:/ ughh get over yourself
time to hit the ground runnin...like any other day.. while ya sleep, I pounce on ya territory...no wonder those other OG's hated me ;)
Do you offer wifi in your galleries? And if so what was the official rationale? thx!
I'm a VIP (Very Insecure Person)
Disco Night tomorrow kicks off at 8pm! Kitchen open till 11am. Prizes for best costumes! Vintage music, beer & wine! Exclamation points!
can i ask and can somebody answer? so wat better, yellow & black or blue & red?
All I want to do is sleep today...but I got plans. It looks like I'll be giving "5 hour energy" a real test.
I wish Shanghai would wake up and get on with shipping me my MBP!!!
Thank YOU for Sharing :)
personality. he's just so sweet, caring, and funny(:
tried to dye my hair.
Bryn (LMT #6459) still has time for your 15 minutes of heaven today -- just $10 and he's all yours! Here until 7 PM Saturday only
Definitely. But I'm taking a hiatus and I'm going to read a couple other books first. Movie looks good, too!
“: Damn I know cant wait till the next event so the heat can b on sumbody else.Lol”right she gotta redeem herself<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I really want to meet the brave girl that just moved in across the street from me in the ghetto. Should I go over there with some cookies?
<U+200E><U+200B>New Divine Whitening injection,antioxidant,antiaging,with live cell extract from Japan,MJ Diamond 3x trtmnts only 3 M IDR.Info:02131908203
You got the same email? Brah
um wait what comment?
I wish I could be waco bound with you right now. OR you change waco to lubbock bound.
#SituationsWeAllHate when a guy makes it seem like he's getting at you & then he ends up with your friend <
I'm going to start tweeting more.
Thanks for mentioning my contest!
I hate girls that can't respect their girl or relationship.
No worries! and thanks :-) RT : Ops! I meant to wrote Don't FORGET to FF.
Very true! A close friend of mine fell victim to this after she posted on Facebook about her upcoming vacation.
I finally got it sent:)
RT I am fat with a gut and fat people don't deserve noting but a diet and and exercise program even ME
Raise that motherfucker!!!
1/2 Hey, archivists/cultural historians -- heard of the #aday project, happening today? People all over the world documenting their day...
Nah, sorry/:
The sun is like my daddy, where is it ?!?
Coolin with at the Mystikal show hosted by !!
Come over!
He said it! "But I will never stop helping and loving people the way Jesus said to." - Michael Jackson
Home for tonight then off to Korbyn's tommorrow and then the mall...:) Comment the new pics&I'll return the favor. Text the cell:)
It's and the vest in the Driesnote!
I put the "pro" in procrastination.
Thanks!! Let us know when it's up!
What do you mean? HOW LONG WAS I OUT FOR?
ok I will and thx for helping me!:)
#dalailama cracking down on religious inst focusing on money, "they are empty"
like 2 girls, one guy sandwich? That's semi-questionable...
#winning RT Only 60 more days (give or take) of taking the 86 bus EVER!!!! :) :)
“: Good movies make you feel feelings. GREAT movies make you wanna lift weights.” Couldn't agree more, I just turned Rocky on too.
I'm fangirling already!!!!
I know! Omg I feel so bad but he really is scary looking..
Know of good deals in Milwaukee? Tweet us at
hey did you understand the rest of the algebra 2 homework? im lost...
Driving Through Washington D.C.?
The woman who has to crunch loudly on crackers in a coding class HAD to sit behind me.
Control Stress-Is Stress Really Healthy? Part 2 from:
not really. I have tried a few-headfirst and missing manual series-but didn't like them too much. Code academy is good start.
long baths ight before bed
How everyone doing today?
that's what happens when money gets to your head. He needs to hire a GM though
I'm down! I'll be in touch bro! Should be home by the 6th!
No, one man's witch hunt is pretty much another man's witch hunt. It's just if you're willing to admit it.
I love you #it'llbeokaylove
Better now?
I must be popular af
& he dropped out at the last minute, which was kind of unprofessional.Berman's politics are terrible, but that's
then Why did you tell me he will never like me??
food court by goose island just sitting chillin.
I need electrolytes but all I have is vodka
"You Don't Have Forever."
My name is Beatus.
Will I get any credit if I predict the next civil war?
Inside the peach blossom there is a little man who likes to rub his shite on the sun.
Get your swagg on
Thanks, Stephen!
being an adult or midlife crisis?
Sorry.....convo with my cuzzo got me in preacher mode.
Off to work we go
Thank you so much !! :)
In fact you can email Chief Clack -- . Let him know you demand better ! All residents should!
The taps are flowing again after 2+ days.. The bucket showers were fun but i def appreciate the running water. Life is good in
we need a someecard for our office that encourages folks to wash their dishes. Ideas?
It's sad when you try to google the greatest U.S. President and a vampire movie exploiting his name is predicted ahead of it..
what do you mean?
that guy has a big head
RT : punishing someone because they are still friends with me is a bullshit move....
is that a small god or this God...
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.
gay marriage is what the Right calls it to make it sound scary to Repubs. Makes me wanna punch, too
This is the worst I have seen KU play all year.
S/o took part in makin my new favorite song. Shits droppin on my upcomin album
Girl, please! Cat and human Binx are equally awesome and crushworthy.
Follow Back ?
If you define "best" as stalking playerss at the mall and having little knowledge about basketball outside of KY, then yes.
Welcome home!! RT We made it!!!! Hello Murfreesboro!
When I graduate next year I'm gonna go on a road trip across the US and I better meet you all, then move to SoCal.
I want a Cool-Aid tree!!!!!
Howard Miller and I just settled a wrongful death case for the insurance policy limits of $1,000,000.
Keep Your Head Up !!!! --2PAC
would love to know how we could help further. Skype call sometime? ^
so sleepy :(
ball!!!! Like for reals if we wanna leave we gotta get our heads In the game ah all HS musical
Nature's speeding ticket is called a tree. Everything short of that is a cash grab. "License, registration, & would u mind bending over."
I am so excited, I now have a merchant account and collectors have another option of paying me. I still take paypal and checks online.
Just saw an ad for a device you wear while you sleep, and if you snore, it electrocutes you awake to stop you from snoring. Umm...WTF?
I know he called his daughter an idiot pig, or some such... but is it bad that I still dig Alec Baldwin?
How would I get through the 4 hour flat Ohio drive without Florence!?
when did you get it?
thank you! :)
btw Iment it's a problem that the Boston show start
Oh really sharing me with whom?
Please go follow he is super cool and went to school with Austin!!(: you won't regret it<3
Follow us for more details
Time to start from square one.
Brad Meuli's (CEO) comments on the urban camping ordinan. "Our hope is that this community will come together to find a permanent solution."
Despite the stock market getting pummelled and a strong rally in Treasuries, interest rates remain near 2011 record lows.
this is real news, not MT : Massive WWII bomb found in Rhine near Koblenz successfully defused -
Working the morning shift at G.Rx. Stop by and get prescribed some new tunes! ()
hey tell Mrs. Eades to check her mail on angel and let me know what you guys think
Don't give up 5 minutes before the miracle.
I think for my birthday tomorrow I want a tweet from but since that's probably a bit hard to get I'll just go make a cup of tea!
i can't make you love me. but i wish i could. (:
RT : Hearing the NASCAR Airport Shuttle Bus will be inducted into the Hall of Fame this May.
At the Y!
Maine is the only state in the United States whose name has one syllable...our useless factoid of the day.
those bracelets are pretty flipping sweet! (: you guys should totally checkout and follow also! (: xoxo
you look beautiful!!
I'm so jealous because your off school for so long!(:
Salon Ramsey Midtown for all your hair care needs. 404.841.1499 www.salonramsey.net
We're participating in Restaurant Week-have you made your reservation yet?
um, they don't have one
LOL what the hell, I'm going on Saturday!
Just a few more minutes! It's still uploading!
haha you should get it!
God no!!
For a brand to be successful, everyone has to get it (staff buy-in, audience engagement, etc.) Perceptions matter.
if they're following you, if not you have to tweet it! but they're not calling right now, but they will again soon! :D
one of the great DC holiday parties!
I'm sorely tempted to unfollow you.
Um, this is 's fav. #cosign RT : Look what you did, you little jerk! Never gets old.
On LeatherPod, we talk about distinguishing variance from poor performance, the characteristics all winning (& losing) players have... cont
Like it never happened. Hope you're well.
Damn. I wish I could feel like this everyday. Getting so much work done
ea servers down-my middle finger up
what's it say?
Done with airplanes for the day!
Website for Cebu Real Estate Properties for Sale Philippines .... Buy and Sell. PC DESKTOPS for Internet shops or PISONET All Brand N...
lol I guess I must have clicked the wrong button by accident!! Sorry!!:)
Ford Poser
Ummmn...I do the same thing.
Good Morning SL Nation! We have one live broadcast left... The final game in the series today at 1p with SL TV ... Tune in!
Its a dog (Dems) eat dog world!!
ok, it's actually getting COLDER in my office as the day goes on :/
Great suggestion, but I'm thinking of somewhere downtown-ish/Third Ward-ish… Thoughts?
Thanks for following :-)
Nice but Packers have sold out single game tix for the next 50 years
Research and education should be measured on impact, especially in improving health
ugh i really need to clean what is sitting in my kitchen sink
Is that sarcasm?
you have more followers than me...I...this....I'm going to jump out a window.
What's the best way to clean a dirt floor? Looking to create a cleaning solvent for 3rd world architecture.
I haven't either. Women like that are exhausting even through the tv!
Visualize who you want to be, and what you want to do. -cody maverick
Big audition today!
I had a chat with Grit City Pub. They are a stand-up operation! I hope they do well!
It is now officially your birthday here in Chicago so HAPPY BIRTHDAY MATT!!!!!
We are still accepting submissions until September 30th! Just a few days left! Who will be the king and queen of 2011? Search for...
SO, JUST FIGURED THAT I NEED 2 START CARYING SOME OF MIXXES W/ME, PEOPLE R STOPPING & ASKING, IF I CAN SELL THEM A COPY OF WHAT I'M MIXXIN!!
I speak English fluently but sometimes I get mixed with the words
S/O to all the women playing y'all position.
Living 5 blocks from Greenlake means no excuses for not running.
you sent me spam.
I'm up at 5 am on a Saturday. This means it's #divetime with sweeeeeettttt
The akward moment when 2 people start arguing in front of you.
what up
Just heard the phrase "Jack off the King" dropped casually on TV with nobody thinking twice? You're watching
the site is close to relaunch bring on the linsanity...stay tuned and let's feel some linsanity in the fourth quarter of this game!
I landed my first writing job last week and Twitter came into play immediately!
Wow. Some people will never change. Its truly is sad.
Please tweet about us guys we really need your help!
When I'm feeling really adventurous I go with the sugar-free upgrade for that extra kick of carcinogens.
thanks for the update
decided to go ahead w/ the weekend’s raft trip (better than sitting @ home feeling crappy) & can now add sunburn to her list of ailments
Picture who you want to be. Write it down. Then go work on it until that person starts to appear in the mirror!
I want to thank all military personnel for your service. Active and vets. Thank you and God Bless.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
I'll move in on my birthday if I go to UK... #happyeighteenthbirthdaytome!
I'm in, and have more help this time! Excited!!
it's like i've set loose a robot who can only speak in fragments of my inner thoughts
Hm, a little too 1984? Let's just chalk it up to kismet. And thanks for coming in, come again soon!
'Meeting Evil' Trailer Could Kill Anybody - Film School Rejects
not enough memorams to light the map. step 1: pagefile sass. step 2: thrash disk with -lomem. step 3: probably sew a bag
Now I see why the OG hommie was like don't do shit for free
I hate not being able to sleep
You need Amazon Prime Student!
Yes, same impulse that drove FSF to hackwork in Hollywood. (And Milford's biography is a classic)
Taking pictures and eating crackers :D
Good morning, #Scottsdale! Who's golfing today?
“: thank you :) slowly but surely” and when that day comes ill make the trip to Canton to cheer for him
I AM SO SORRY. I AM A PATRIOTS FAN
Still tinkering around with google voice, so far its pretty cool to have all phones ring at once, the ability to switch from cell to home.
"I love my life, I never complain." *tweets 5929917283 complaints about everything*
yea. Why else would I ask lol.
Head over to 'Noche and enjoy dinner & drinks... $5 mojitos...Catch the Magic @ Bulls game! #gotta love Chi-city sports
RT : Don't walk, RUN to today!!! Amazing ministry w/ ! // Yes! 1230pm!
#4famouswords Damn, your drunk ass!
U know who I miss? Funk Doctor Johnny Fever...that was a bad white boy.
Just keep moving forward and you'll get to where your headed soon enough.
oh thank you for thinking of me! But no, I'm ok for now. Might be moving for the summer, but have no place to stash stuff now.
They're having a laugh :)
Walking on a treadmill for an hour watching Netflix is not a workout
Don't get it twisted, you're not hurting me. All you're doing is breaking your own heart.
nobody is perfect..
hi. I'm eating.
I think the ComicCon is a prime spot for poker marketing...wait, it's in the US.
gonna rain tomorrow so no #TwoWheelShawty for me smh
love Decaf!<U+2665>
guess what? I'm still watching. I can't help myself.
when you doing a duet wid RiHanna?!? Now Daz HAWT!!!
and then he's going to meet with the Surgeon General about his persistent case of Cat Scratch Fever
Watching kiddie porn is legal in NY, but MMA is not. Embarassed to say I'm from NYS.
True or false your best clients bring you donuts
Wisconsin beat #6 UCLA 38–31 in the 1999 Rose Bowl. Afterward, Barry Alvarez fired back, "Well, I know we're at least the second worst."
*gasp* well I guess we know who your favorite is. :(
Oh! I have that! Yes! Awesome! Thanks!
Jealous! That's a much smarter timeline. After 3 years, I'm just now getting to start research--and that's fast for humanities.
uh-huh, sleepy time is important v.v
so you're sayin she ain't sexy?! How many beers till I'd smush
RT Which is higher priority for many GOPers: Reducing deficit, or reducing amount rich contribute towards deficit reduction?
I've also never see you smile what's up with that?
Skatin' every day this week. Album disaster put me in holding pattern for at least a month. Hit me up if u want to skate journey this week.
will there be try outs in Memphis is so plz let me know showboats baby
#girlfriendsaurus and I have decided to start flying via CLT so we can have Bojangles, Jamba Juice, and NASCAR.
YES now you can take me on a dinner date wife ;)
now buy me treats
The Mayor will be inspecting rescue boats early this morning to make sure they can handle whatever Irene throws at them.
Verify Psanders asap! He deserves it and he is amazing :) Go Pey! Haha. <21
It's been a really weird day. I need to vent.
thanks court!!!!! Miss ya
Saw Scissor Sisters for the first time last night at the 9:30 club. Fun!
It's smooth. I was on wait list. Got email that ebook was ready, clicked button on comp. Book was in kindle app
When 16 year olds post about how they miss being a kid. Shut the fuck up.
where we at now?
Dont be Envious of another man's Success, Learn from that man and make your own success!
Land Yoga FREE beginners class May 6th 11AM for Shop Your Values Week.
I just woke up from the couch with a mating call from
Final day of classes as a college student. Graduating next saturday but I'm just not feeling it
"SuckMyNutsHoe_: Some do... RT Pooh_on_Twit: No girl NEEDS to wear make up."most girls look good wit
i never called you, and briana hung up on you.
I would rather watch the written play by play online than watch it live on Fox with Joe Buck announcing
Maxims hometown hotties tonight which ones are single for the next 3 days?
Financial Aid is tricky business. Years ago I got into a jam. Not many, in 2008. A loan I had taken for my daughter called a Plus loan.
It's not the community's job to understand the library. We need to understand them. This idea should b obvious!
you are enabling!
I wish i could do more to express my belief in my last retweet.
My mind's telling me nnOOOOoo. But my body. My Boooooddy telling me "She doesnt shave" *whew* thanks body. We dodged a bullet there
I love talking to
I wish Kellogg's made a cereal based on all the crumbs and sugar found at the bottom of the box in Frosted Mini-Wheats.
Yes ! Joelle is through !
Las Vegas Cash Mob wants your input for a bumper sticker slogan......GO
Hooray! is right near the start/finish of the chicago spring half marathon!!!!
I love it too! RT : that's awesome!!!
Hrm.. Should I go to bed? Or stay up, wipe my phone and update the ROM I'm using. Decisions, decisions.
Congrats and gl to
it was cold this morning o.o aren't we suppose to be going into summer already?! #BiPolarMiamiWeather -.-
AUSTIN HAD A USTREAM? OH GREAT THIS IS THE ONLY TIME IN WEEKS HE DOES ONE AND I FORGET TO WATCH IT. IM GOING TO SHOOT SOMEONE
Yes. Part of what brought me to DC. RT : Sometimes, one must state the obvious: public transportation is just civilized
Keep calm the bitch is back! -A
its gonna be 70-80's all next week, AND NO RAIN :).
:-) you got that right!!!
Not having one would be "time consuming" RT : Hey #blogchat #toolschat #getrealchat friends. Is a XeeMe profile time consuming?
This excuse has been used by myself several times. I'll be out today or late, I woke up dizzy (I suffer from vertigo).
More young people needs there own place the sex is GREAT that sneaky shit gets old
- a huge TY 2 u 4 ur support of Shoot to Cure HD event fri nite! Hope u had a gr8 time. We appreciate ur efforts :)
Are you taking submissions for fantasy baseball manager meltdowns? What address can I send it to?
Then I think 's pt is ed should be signed by Manchester, not (implicitly) ed board.
yeah, he just pissed me off pretty good. But everything I've read on him makes up for it. One day people will practice respect.
yeah, just remember carbs, fruits & veg all have sugar. HFCS is the worst sugar, whole grains & fiber keep you full.
keeps telling me to come to Cali, so this must happen. The results will probably be insanity w/ A$AP as the soundtrack
At the dance having fun... I bet if you listen closely you'll hear the music lol
I got everything of bieber, even a life size poster and a watch of him! and much more i love u bieber!!, MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!
#Thunder game tonight #OKC - come watch with us and enjoy 2 for 1 domestics and 1/2 priced appetizers after the game till 11pm!
The above camera angle for a whole possession by is awful!!!
I wish for a national championship this year. had all the right picks except for the last one
Originally misread it. #Stick It
Icey with it!
CBS corporate media LA: "police have done such a good job protecting..!" Wonder who they're protecting from peaceful protesters?
When I played House with my friends at school as a child, I always wanted to be the cat...
It's pretty bad. was talking about him
Just ordered a jersey. Seriously considered a Jordy or Shields to get the ire of but went w/ my guy instead.
Draft defense.
super b0wl ;D
Asia Skye ...it's not always easy, To recognize Love, Even when we hold it.... In our hands
you've got this!
In the Milwaukee area? Be sure to check out salon! Great atmosphere & they run fab specials
Fleet Foxes are so dissatisfying to listen to when you're mad.
Environmental ap exam tomorrow... Unprepared
GOD always has something for you, a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow & a plan for every tomorrow.
In my head, that is.
should make for a nice walk home
- Yep, we're texting every day here! ;)
Is it a full moon or something? Really need for something to go right today.
Kerry Wood was the pitcher of record in the deciding game against the Braves in '03 when the Cubs won their first playoff series since 1908
TGIF!! If your not following & ur a loser <3
Thanks for those!
says you.
super interesting stuff… glad to see them sorting out the consumer side of food data!
my room is SOO clean, ha thanks mom. d:
I mean I hate to talk about someone elses child but this lil muthafucka is bad. Broke my dogs fuckin leg throwin her around.
post iPhone compatible links and your hits would triple
bd, let's party this wknd !
salty, greasy, not very healthy feeling. glad i tried though..
hope you had fun last nite We'd love if you can take a sec and give us a listen (we played last Halloween at the Queen Mary)
repeat at polyglotconf?
You know who's great? Mike is great. Wow!
"I've been busy" is just an implausible excuse for "I'm ignoring you."
Fuck you, babies.
love this story and happy to have to hold on to
Everyone loves love
Thanks for the great interview and having us on your bus! Good luck on tour!! :)
Oh My God Becky Look At Her Butt
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever. -Napoleon
Nostalgia w/ on tonight! Miss listening to them every morning. Get syndicated in Bmore please
been laying around ever since surgery wednesday. from all this free time grows too many ideas.
that was the one. Ok sorry!
My hair is moving to the beat of my pulse ...0.o
When do I get to work from a coffee shop? never.
Laying under the stars with my boyfriend<3
Does lifting my coffee cup 25 times count? ; ) It's kinda big.
really need to bring back the Gotham filter
The more and more I hear about how poorly lindy ruff manages players, I am even more convinced he must be fired.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
Would you like to know what 1 thing you should do before looking at homes to save you time and money? Call to find out 702-245-7227
Your mods are at the Grounds Use meeting to get the game set up for Fall! Chairperson is wearing a Gryffindor bowtie. Good sign!!
oovoo with soon?
well..does it creep you out that i put (BF) as boyfriend ? xD i dont want to freak you out ..
OMG! Just ate at Chick-Fil-A for the first time. I now wish I had grown up in the South.
I just thought of something. If a persons blood is blue but turns red when it reaches oxygen then why is it red when its under H2O?
Watching "the Stephen Hawking Paradox"
Did you twit about me today?
Is there anything better in life than curry!?
In all seriousness, I would LOVE 2be able 2take you seriously. I cannot find where you are serious though.
We like Damsels in Distress quite a bit too!
i do it
Returns on a 4-yr degree have always been good, but gains have increased sharply in 25 years.
Wow. Even through the TV u can tell how loud it is in the yum center. Love seeing BBN support Murray St
0-27 huh? Might as well said 0-270.. not easy picking bets that are 2nd best.. send me your picks and we'll see who's better
Hello, Denver! How is everyone's weekend so far?
Congrats!! How can I get involved? RT I won a prize in some contest and now I do nothing but randomly tweet to strangers about it.
Appreciate it! Will you come get hammered at the reception?
must post Easter pic. Jules is going to sport one of her tutus over a bedazzled onesie.
Worth celebrating for #L1C4, but I'm so glad I don't have to try to be satisfied with a Final Four celebration.
Glad you're a gravy supporter!
I have a customer who is looking to sell his GT-541. It is only a few months old. email me
Stay tuned...we're giving away 10 sets of tickets shortly!
hey you dared me to do it!
I think you just have to wait in line - not sure if you can buy tickets onsite beforehand - may need to call... :D
If you would provide the source/info on the # of Limbaugh listeners and by demographic it would be appreciated.
my nightly bout with insomnia they did look awful defensively. They are tough to figure out. They should be better.
good tip. I often use iPad as well so I'll give Reeder a try. thnx!
TempleCon! (we are at it)
they will last 2+ wks on fingers, up to 6 on toes!
I got some pizza for my big study session tonight!!
Make sure to stop in at #fireflycupcakes for a Mojito cupcake on your way to #ricksonmain to celebrate Cinco de Mayo!
Is there a fan page for the red headed bearded piano player guy on glee? Cuz there should be.
oh k sounds like fun
The delicious dinner that hurt the roof of your mouth.
White is the new Black
blah blah blah
tell that to Pittsburghers.
When you are in love with person who lives so far away from you it's so difficult to be happy.. :( #Alexandre <U+2665>
So thrilled to encounter my new iGongyo app! #NamMyohoRengeKyo !!!
Getting ready to leave 4 Chicago in the morning for the FAAN support group leaders summit. Excited and nervous.
70 degrees tomorrow?? OKAY!!
i agree, you want your blogs to be relevant with QUALITY content. if you need a break from time to time, do it.
Vegetarian for lent...
I'm ready to watch the Bears game. Bear Down Bears Fans!!
heard a creepy noise downstairs and snuck down to investigate. it was the ice maker. still incredibly freaked out though.
My Final Four is UK, Mizzou, Vandy and UNC. UK vs UNC in title game and UK winning
In so much pain
WHAT ON EARTH is going on with the markets today, jeez!
Can't wait for vs. Friday! Go OU!
Love God with all your heart, take care of your family, and make as much money ad you can LEGALLY
Cant wait to go to pennsylvania this weekend I need a break!
um a little lower if ull like
Went 2 the #RowdyBeaver 4dinner. Honestly, food not so great, but it's a swanky lil joint! Pool table, live band, and $1 domestic after 10!
. is watching #bsg: "Don't kiss a robot! They'll stick feelers in your mouth!"
Someday this will all be a funny story! .... To some damn body.
good morning brother :) how you been?
my mind is exhausted. on saturday, i'm having a movie marathon by myself for AT LEAST 6 hours. Longest day ever today.
make money and flip Shit :)
Try the new Banana Foster cappuchino... hm... yum yum!!
hell yeah in kuwait the army on some bull shit
this isn't a region meet though, it's a Wednesday meet...
RT “Never say anything about yourself you don't want to come true” <U+2015> Brian Tracy
I am also loving the new Google Drive.
I think I posted twice. Sorry. Trying to figure this out!!
Don't fuck with my friends.
My vocabulary = 50% swearing, 50% sarcasm.
I haven't, but definitely will be trying!
Not sure if I'll do any conferences, I should. Get A Life in Chicago always has good speakers though, and the location works :-)
BennuDancers look forward to performing festival this year.
everybody actin like they the shooters, man i aint goin for them pump-fakes
Dude Jenna marbles is hot as fuck
Uh-oh, 4th grader's math hmwk is starting to stress me out.
sure if u want (:
My family walks in the March for Babies, b/c others walked for us when our preemies came along
Galvis is 9-for-26 in his last nine games. Batting .346 in that stretch with nine RBIs. -- Todd Zolecki ()
Well hello there! Thanks for the follow and I like the new hair. :) How's it working for you?
please follow if u wnat a new follower she follows back
Goin to bed
that was a test. U failed. Thanks though.
At least that's over.
My shoulder just did the loudest crack.
Y r those hispanic people playin their music so loud, smh? Dont they realize that cinco de Mayo is over!
what's your favorite thing about Rush? for me it's the message of the lyrics!
We're above 200!!! Keep voting at www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff or by texting 101861 to PEPSI (73774)! Thank you!!
im sorry :/
Sounds like the perfect hug RT Grab my ass when we hug >>
His record explains why, ugh!
Wow, just finished Gabrielle Hamilton's BLOOD, BONES, & BUTTER. Really good.
I'm a fiction author.
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Don't forget to wear your green!
Ok then, need another plan for world domination!! How would "come cov with me" sound? I bring z list celebs to cov 4 a date with u?
yes they are owned by Roundy's! You can't escape #wisconsin cheddar blocks Mo
let me find out.(:
Omw to the keys :)
trying to get where you are
Gonna hit the gym extra hard tonight and work out some daily life frustration. I wish I still had my drum set to thrash on.
NHL action on the sked tonight ( vs ) plus streaming the new Sigur Ros. FUN!
all this yolo stuff is alright , but everyone needs to learn how to use it better
I do she or Christina are my third place
Fag. make me a foot long BLT, Italian herbs and cheese, with american cheese, yes toasted.
Yeah and you've been tweeting about him. The both of you need to knock it the fuck off.
Oh no. Is that ______ ? OMG! WALK WALK WALK…..
Good morning everyone and Happy Easter
Back in Chicago looking like a beach bum
No way! RT White wedding in a White Castle?
I'm coming home tomorrow I love u
Coma has lifted!
I hope everyone had a sassy & sweet Valentine's day & night! Now I'm getting back in the swing of my portrait & design work!
“: lmao dang!!” lol yooo I might be out that way sooner then I thought yo
Yes-go Avs! RT : Colorado an amazing story so far this season. Keep on winning and push Vancouver for NW div
That awkward moment when I read 'Jack and Rose' and think it means Doctor Who characters.
Oh dear.
As far as I'm concerned, any day where I can sleep in until 10:00 automatically starts off in the “win” column.
Switching exhibits this week at #SJMQT ... but the gift shop is still open. :D International TECHstyle Art Biennial (ITAB) opens August 17th
Romney is the nice boy from a good family that the parents want their dau 2 marry. Gingrich is the bad boy the dau is in love with
RT : RT : RT : RT A big part of teaching children emotion intelligence...
keep retweeting and sending me any questions you have on life or pastry i am here all day to answer anything!!!!!
- 10% discount from My Plumber on all services (up to $100) for Veterans, Active Duty, Reservists & Family Members Everyday!
#1omf is speaking a lot of nonsense rite na...
Checked out my first Kindle book from Loudoun County Public Library last night. Great new service. Thanks
Seriously. Why be so childish?
Family eat at da table...
I called you ms lady
High-functioning tech-no-path.
#Vikings draft S Harrison Smith with the 29th pick in the
.: "That's why this bill is so important - we don't want barriers to success" for students
“: I just want to be able to scream "TYRA MAIL" once in my life and mean it.” I'm leaning towards "You got she mail" via
RT "once a good girls gone bad, she is gone forever" -Jay-Z.
RT : I'm running casino night fundraiser on 1/23 for & looking 4 a couple of RVA celebrity dealers. If interested, plz DM
of course. Is she better now? Is she in counseling or something?
thank you thank you!
Just living is not enough. One must have sunshine, freedom, & a little flower. -Hans Christian Anderson
RT Just reported a hazard on I- 77 S, using Waze - Drive Social
yup...Sand Island
Oh my gosh all you Texans back home are awesome! Tried to make y'all proud! Much love<3
Good morning!!!:) Hope everyone has an amazing and blessed week!!<3
- maybe but I just heard..:-)
It's the persistence of memory. You just remember it as always being hot.
If you guys really want to go I'm dead serious, like I can buy tickets tomorrow.
I definitely splurged on the weekender passes to so class and hunger aren't new to me.
Looking forward to the Democratic Primary debate airing tonight on tv.. broadcasting on Channel 36 at 10:30.
was asked this week how long ago he had turned 60. When he replied, "Oh not yet, but don't I look awful" the woman did not try to backped...
she hear i w. them bitches . i tell her mind her fuckng bidness !
it better be as good as the second one. Or I shall rage.
what time can you be at westside club ent tomorrow?
Like I said, Altuve, Martinez, and Lowrie are all slumping. AT THE SAME TIME!!! It stinks.
Hey B - looks who's all up in here now? Actually, I'm clueless, but learning. Hope you're well!
#LegalizeGayMarriage is not only essential it's required to be human beings!
If you’re looking for great Chicago Bears tickets, you’ve come to the right place. Call us right now at: 888-493-0004 and book your tickets.
at work ot its hell but it pays the bills
Love Pittsburgh, but not the steelers.
In life sometimes u have to love someone enought to let 'em go. In hopes that they love u enought to come back
Enjoy those new trees! :-)
off 2 Grassroots Fest!
Interesting article. I think it's human nature to 'complain' or vent about: your job, the weather, a bad hair day, kids, etc.
What a beautiful bike. I hope it finds a good home.
I can't forgive you, because you will do it again and again...
Can't fall asleep, my mind is racing...
"the #1 thing you have to have to be an entrepreneur...hustle." "How are you out-hustling the competition?" Ryan Holmes, Hootsuite CEO
that was amazing! I think you're going to win! :)
whenever I think of Disney ima be like awww LEAH! Lol
Good morning Boss Chick!!!!
We need a door person for tonight. If you are interested please email me asap. It's paid. Thank you!
exactly...."oh lord jesus-aint nobody got time for that"-Sweet Brown's Voice
shout out to my wife and kid, very cool they are, in every way. LOVE YA
5 o'clock where are you ??? I am so ready to get off work !
lol I was thinking about you yesterday. How r things?
sister soo pretty.. she look Chinese tho ijs but dang Romeo how boss man doing?? Your Dad
Speedin to ocean side with my cousins racin crew. Hehehe i love speed
Jeez tonight was awesome! Thanks Norman for a great show, see you all next Friday at the ! We are to excited.
Ok I am confused can anyone explain other than marketing how is groupme different than g+ messenger app?
makes everything better <33
that makes sense, yet r charters really an opt out? or r they a redesign but still public?
That's the Blur album I'm probably least familiar with.
yea its been a crazy couple weeks! lol but we got our heads in the game nd we havent forgot about u! :D
Congratulations NBA All-Star!!!
Thanks for the follow and the useful presentation advice!
no I cant
hmm, yea.. But id def go with brady before manning
Great to see you - thank you for coming out on a chilly Sat morn!
Ugh my brother eats everything :(
People are the worst, we gotta get rid of em.
Just ordered the #BBN t-shirt!
There's something to be said about a kid in demand with a chip on his shoulder and a pen in his hand.
I love Taylor Swift she is my idol and she is also really beautiful and i wish i knew her or had one chance of meeting her <3333
it's not quiet enough for him.
Today in Literary History: On April 6, 1942 Barry Levinson (screenwriter and director known for RAIN MAN) was born in Baltimore.
unfortch he ran outta time. but we should probs make one (or two) for ourselves. #yolo posters are never not necessary.
": Ewww yucko RT : Vinegar...(apple cider.another weight loss remedy! >>>hahahaha...im game for almost anything son
Lake Lure for the day, then something fun tonight...
10 grades that swear there better at everything! get over yourself
Colder than Ever.
Thorndike: "[the Experimenter] is NOT the traditional image of cloistered scientist working in isolation"
i bet yr wife could knock you out wit a kidney punch but yr right tito needs to retire after that poor showing
: Thanks for the retweet! :)
Ha! Just for that, we're sending $10 in driving credit your way.
Check out the Michael Thomas Quintet tonight from 6-9! Cover is only $5. 400 I Street, SW.
its humorous to me to see kids on my campus peddle really hard on their bikes and barely move lol
thank you so much for the follow back<33
Would you say that applies equally to library tech confs and traditional library conferences? (or some other field)
Chef Olivier-Hope u will be joining us for our Chefs Hall of Fame-Baker's Dozen photo shoot on Monday. Call KC at 8586344410
Forecast for Rest Of Tonight: Cloudy. Showers. Lows in the mid 60s. South winds around 5 mph. Chance of rain 90 percent.
Cool story bro.
"Monday night raging! Smoke that weed! No class!" It's like they're typing this for me.
Yes, literally, the poor lady was running with the train, arm flailing, while people tried to get her out. #mbta didn't stop. Scary!
Need to not worry about a decision I don't know if I need to make yet... But it's hard
yea, what's up?
I am stoked to be apart of two webinars with Casting Directors. Come join us over at ! Be seen by CDs without leaving home!!
I just got it last night ... Haha
Still needs to do my Christmas shopping:/
Yup. You got me. That's EXACTLY what I'm saying.
Many shows coming up. Who's interested?
the best part about is not realizing it's you.
Btw I'm of the belief the Root Beer Float is among the most underappreciated, undermarketed treasures on Earth
Very cool! How'd you work that deal!?!?
Eeewww! Seriously? That movie title alone makes me wanna throw up! LOL did u c the south park episode "human cent-iPad?"
It is Monday, and Carson still hasn't turned in his essay.
I told you! You better thank yo sistaaa x)
Life's too short to stress. Just do you and let God handle the rest.
I'm really enjoying basil in my eggs these days.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8> Chanel is beautiful too but I never thought this day would come
At least my company offers iPhones for corp use! #aheadofthecurve Maybe I can use my $86/mo saving for flight lessons - (won't cover it :p
Living vicariously thru the updates of friends #Dinah Shore & ImSl. Different ends of the Lesbo experience & both full of debauchery :)!
Lmao I know I did
My love gave a homeless man $12. As we drove off she started crying. I asked why the tears? She said, "Cause I wanted to give him more."
ActionCoach provides 5 lucky entrepreneurs with one FREE coaching session. Register today!
usually don't follow big brands but the profile made me smile... and who can resist chocolate vodka?
No we won't be going, to many family plans. Will you be going?
We R making R way in the market... check out our cool gift ideas at www.giftideashoppe.com. Pls take a sec & like us on our facebook pg.
Hello, Just to let you know that we sent to you some possible interesting informations, but it seems it has been discarded in undesired mai
Right, maybe that should be clearer sooner. I'll think about that if I get around to a "how-to"
Getting ready to rock out some
Seriously! I'm tired of watching people walk in my sightline every pitch.
There is never any hurry on the creative plane; and there is no lack of opportunity. -Wallace Wattles
Hi everyone! Today wasn't as bad as yesterday! My stomach didn't hurt thank god....but my head did though but its gone
Always pleased at #Ruthschris restaurant. This time in Grainger. Thanks to Kim for a nice evening. Think I'll do a review while here...
I M HVMNG trouble sending messages. What do u need me to do?
Thank you so much. It is wonderful to have her home and seeing her doing so well. This is truly an answer to prayer.
#Amendment1 makes me ashamed half my family is from North Carolina.I'm sure the entire state isn't hateful bigoted rednecks.Just most of it.
“: I am discovering that I might be a "people person." oh crap.” Meh...you're alright, I suppose.
Gorgeous day! I want to listen to Kenny Chesney and Zac Brown Band all day <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Don't wanna read too much into it: but when you get suspended and crash your car into a tree in Portland -- not a good week.
I thought had #TheVoice on lock tonight and then Juliet comes out and totally slays
We're setting up cube space within the Indy Mart. Part-time access @ 0-very low rent available soon! 1st priority to community non-profits.
Great seeing you, too! I'm glad my "sugar packet American caucus process" demo was helpful! And, thanks for the blog-writing tips!
friends don't care if you live in a mansion or a cardboard box. as long as you got food, we'll be set :)
Graduations come around I now have a new piece of paper to hang on my wall! Best of all, NO MORE MIAMI DADE COLLEGE! :D
put something like: press follow and i'll let you touch my butt. ;p
Yeah I am not a fan of OKC and their goodie-goodie media narrative. I think if Lakers don't get them SA will.
*just died* xx
Don't you people ever get tired of looking exactly like each other?
Fork me, that's a hat trick! Well done, Red Devils!
Great on burgers too, our 15 flavorful dipping sauces including black olive mayo, cheddar cheese, ancho chili and Jack Daniel’s ketchup!
working, writing, swimming, rowing, reading, smelling, tasting, feeling....
the good life having nights off. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+270C>
If you would create something, you must be something.
Relieve your Tax Day at Sierra Gold. We have a cold beer waiting for you!
Me 2! Where u playing ?
Did you enjoy FREE Breakfast Week? Would you like to see it back again? We'd like your feedback.
RT : #Energy-Saving Tip: Use three-way lamps. They make it easier to keep lighting levels low when bright light is not necessary
Bread! passover is finally over
hm, maybe this joint is too high class. the toilets ARE indoors, here.
I feel so bloated rn.
If a man ordered pink lemonade on a first date, ya I'd question his masculinity
Once again Angels and Airwaves put me in a good mood. :)
The verdict is in. Bad hard drive.
i want informations :D :))
is amazing <3
Heard a new term today... Ladder faculty
Friday is here kids!! What band or DJ are you psyched to see this weekend?
RT : RT On average, women walk 3.7 miles a day for water around the globe.
Drowning is the leading cause of death for children and adults with autism
American Idol Power Rankings: The Final 4 - The Hollywood Gossip
Happy weekend to one of my favorites,
Thanks for joining us, Melanie!
Thanks...last I looked it was like 4 likes strong :)
lol I don't know but I wish it was saturday to find out hehe
He obviously has a crush on u. D'oh!
RIP Adam Yauch - you take Nathanial Hörnblowér with you and leave us with anthems we'll sing forever.
lol tell your mama I said happy mothers day yellow
love Marc Cohn's music and your books, great combination! Keep up the good work!
im here in AZ for the glendale game... game starts at 11, and i hope 2 snap a play at 12
anybody dig Disconsolation?
Major Hot Songwriting is ALWAYS on the Menu, who needs some!!!???
And Paxson & that guy who shot airball for NC St in '83. MT : there should be a wing of the HOF 4 players like Big Shot Bob Horry
yooo give me my headphones
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Prime seats for the game!
When you're choking on something and everybody just stares at you instead of helping...
Love David Gergen on CNN
Thank you! We appreciate it. RT Thanks for the follow. Keep up the amazing work you do for our community.
Losing your id but driving an hour to get your passport so you can go out last night... Winning
it's the same guaranteed we paid Joey Porter a few years back.
what are u up to
it soothens my day out tho
Southern Comfort Eggnog....the best Eggnog I have ever had!!! so thick and creamy!!! got me hooked!!
School couldn't go any slower
Hey you guys should make new colored shirts with the pirate cutlas to match their stacks I'd buy
Forecast for Monday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Lows 54 to 59. Light winds.
#Insanity is about to go down! Ready to rock out, dig deeper and push harder than yesterday
You should try: tofu burger with brown rice and garbanzo beans ... and don't stray too far from a men's room ...
Before I lay me down to sleep, I am happy that I have a Valentine today. Even if he is Lex Luthor and I hate him sometimes.
can u either give me ur number or we can just talk tmrw... It's kinda hard to have a convo on twitter lol and I obvs wanna know
Just got off da phone w. My babe he makes me feel up wen im down
In math with @
Come correct or not at all .
your welcome(:
two boxes of hot pockets for lunch :DD
do u have a blog post on your session proposal? would love 2 see it
Wish I had my own fucking car.
But first explains the power struggle between the CIA and the Defense Department for control over counterterrorism efforts.
I see you drive round town with the guy I love and I'm like fuck you oh!!!!
probably summer if I don't get a break before brodie
ok i followed ya'll :D
What I would do for more than 3 hours of sleep a night. I don't understand how people live this way!
“: In-N-Out with sister = double-double animal style and choco milkshake = heaven.” NOM. That will be me &my sis in a few days!
& i'm THRILLED to see you have mobile charging devices. one never knows when it might blizzard in michigan. congrats
I don't think so. Seems like the kids knew what was going on and it was a cool project.
RT A good morning to celebrate ‘International Look Things Up In Books Day’
I feel like its gonna get HARDER AND HARDER to get and what to do what to do?
Let God be with me always
LOL still can't believe that happened. I thought it was you coming back from the bathroom but then I saw you in bed... Scary
so far in softball my best hits have been: a grandslam, a homerun, and a tripple! ive been beasting! they moved me up to varsity! <3
made it look too easy
Tonight's bad movie/good beer combo is the much anticipated Shark Night and Great White Beer, a Witbier from California's
Great meeting yesterday with the NMGOP Executive Committee.
I think so..
All the time!! ahahhha
I figure if I get bored, I can always up my distance a bit and go from there :)
you inspired me to live life to the fullest and when I see you skate it makes me wanna try new things so thanks Rob
LOL! Love the
Secondly -- apply optimal attribution model says,
can't. Why?
Spending the day w/ my little ones & the Wii. Gas heat & warm hearts. Looking forward 2 dinner and great company headed over in a few hours.
B.B. Blues prepares to read you "The History of the Apocalypse."
I'm addicted to madmen season 5 I sleep when I satiate myself with enough don draper
That was an absolutely horrid rendition of the National Anthem
Home from my brothers game.
If I'm watching stand up on Netflix and are talking through it, expect a kick in the face from a golf cleat or maybe a snow shoe.
I'm watching Arsenal game. They need to win to guarantee a Champs League spot for next yr
The supreme irony of life is that hardly anyone gets out of it alive. Heinlein, Robert
LSU really should have there defense play both ways... as its there only chance, as there Offense is well Offensive!!!
Prayers for for a fellow IGHR friend, Elmer Spears who was in car accident on way home due to rain. Praying for fast recovery.
I'm buying a house as far away from train tracks as possible
What stops you from living your dreams?
Will do!
#Word2theWise No one will invest in u until U invest in self. Call #TopFamEnt 410.513.9199 Show the people your serious about your business!
I've always been a fan, myself, of Twinkies. :) Shameless to admit such things, huh.
There is a certain combination of anarchy and discipline in the way I work.
another day to make reality my bitch.. NO1KARES 2011
We'll see... I wish you productivity today, as well!
Proud father... My son made 2 baskets I'm his game tonight. What an amazing way to spend Valentines Day. Love you B!
Did you catch that at batting practice?! (?!?!?!) (!!!!!) Give Robbie Cano a big hug for me.
coffee, laundry, and homework is what my day will consist of, and I phone call to meine Mutter of course.
will I see you at nocturnal sat?
you should follow cuz she absoloutley loves you
what's that supposed to mean!
": When is coming to Chicago ??"thats wat I wanna kno...Come on to the Chi
yeah.. you cant ever count on a fair fight
OK. I like Tebow, he has heart but enough already!! On to the next thing, we get your point!!!!
As usual you are right on point. Love your blog.
If I knew this was going to happen I wouldn't of been so stupid.
woder why it wont stop raining
#NagAlert Log time please
has T really lost all charac?Tossing clubs and GD's at Aug. Will Aug. tolerate that from T?Pple mak mstks, I can forgiv grow u T
Everything is funnier when you're supposed to be quiet..
This shower is going to feel amazing. \m/
so wait: you're going to suffer... but you're going to be HAPPY about it? (that's a Harry Potter joke) phew. glad it was a success?
You never mentioned you had a prosthetic leg?! All good though, I'm into some weird shit.
Oklahoma man sentenced to death twice set to be executed
When going up in the elevator, do you sometimes feel like you are actually moving down?
needed to better myself as a person
Thank you my friend!
might be a little big for the drive thru...
hahahaha try Deadsnow. Now that's scary...and kinda funny...in a disturbing way...
#morningJuice love who are you and be thankful for what you have...
Look back, remember, smile, then move on.
how r u babe
honestly I don't know - I was largely unimpressed with my initial use and didn't stick around long enough to use that feature
-ima proud thick haired cute red bone ;)
With the President in charge, we're still in Afganistan, Iran, & Lybia..and still unemployed.
everybody retweet. exscept independently wealthy mac types, tho your day, too, will come.
Teachers should be preparing us for finals, not giving us more work... fucking assholes.
yea lol saw it the night it came out
acting douchy is a specialty some would say I've perfected :)
Go Tom! Go #Texas “: Congrats to Tom Dennis from on AMA Volunteer of the Year. Way to represent #Texas #amasummit”
It's the last day of our TBRI training for CPS! We feel so honored to have trained this influential group. Thanks to all who came!
you're a loser for this tweet btw.
There's been published research about the value of blogging for mental health benefits. It's good stuff!
they never cease to amaze me smh -_- (Fox news) Everyone was an immigrant so wouldnT every1 venture4 an American Way of Life *_*
it was great seeing you at 1st Wednesday! And I'm back at The Crossing!
he made it.
BARC to hold 'Cinco de Meow' cat adoption special starting today - Your Houston News
Im almost sangin
WTF I can't sleep!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> and it's 4:18 in the morning
Some where nic martinez is happy as shit so far
for today?
While Ravens fans are cheering for 49ers I am rooting for Ben to light it up and get the W
I think Monday should a national holiday when St. Patty's Day falls on a weekend.
WSWA is now less then a week away. Who else is going?
fruity pebble flavored, or cinnamon toast crunch?
why does mcc have to split :'(
I'll only accept well-wishers who say bye to Kate first. Congrats, and I'll miss you too!
wondering why twitter does not like me, groping for ice cream, staying warm under my mental blanket.
what's the plan for tonight?
Follow fina get this ladies night jumpin!!!
5/13 is my favorite time travel signature.
Playing basketball. Reliving the 8th grade b-team days haha
Steve Williams said of splitting with Tiger: "Needless to say this came as a shock." Going full-time with A. Scott
working on it my friend!
tomorrow is April! tomorrow is me!!!
Daniel Levitan: music and movement create meaningful social bonds. Where would we be without song?
Everybody go follow --------) I'll be following everyone who follows her
#actor doing actory things...
still hasn't texted me. Smh.
oh hero you dirty Japanese dawg.
u no we gon do wat grown folks gon do!
Your Buddy Bike is on the way! Thank you for supporting us!
Holy fuck, I wish I could fall asleep.
lmao. what have you been doing? imissedyou.
For Mark: How cool was it working on Collateral? Didn't you think your character deserved to go out with a bang?
Thanks for the great feedback during the pitch sessions today.
Thursday is ICONic Day on FB!! Giving u guys more luv and support on Thursday!
Joe...I think the Dodgers brand trumps all of the issues they have had their for the past couple years, giving the Club value.
freal! Last years show was dope!
A man should cry only when sliced onion ... and not be a rag ...
"Our son is YOUR son." Trayvon Martin
It's thanks hun I really appreciate that, that's why I say a lot on mind
What time does this Royal Wedding start?
TY! Getting ready to board at lax to Dallas. Sad to be leaving, but a very productive week! :-)
oh okay cool well maybe this week we all can meet up and party!
I bet the Miss Pawnee #episode of is AMAZING. #Excited!
How many episodes of 'DARK SHADOWS" the TV soap opera, for 2 tickets 2 'DARK SHADOWS" the movie-premiere! 880.4376!!
thank you so much!!
#hth2012 a big transition going on now. France (LoC) talking about spectral imaging of documents
I was in Birmingham it's fye too.
“: What retirement home you're from/visiting/dying in?” so true! Palm Springs: where America goes to die.
YOURE KIDDING ME BLUES!
New punch bowl poll - 10 outta 10 - Roshumba Williams looks cheap on the red carpet for
Standing at the outlet waiting for tix. phish 2k12 has begun.
But you love me!(;
IF YOU THINK TRAFFIC SUCK IN YOUR TOWN, CHECK OUT OUR WEB PAGE AND READ THAT ARTICLES, THEN COMMENT... -- Baldinger
Thank you!
": If you really support somebody den you not gone ask for free shit, you'll pay if you really support!"
Check out the article on Americans, social media and food from and in !
I agree! Great catching up with you! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AC>
Ok it's late and it's been one hell of a day... Good Night Twitter Universe...
Seem my response to this "Hit Piece" to take vital Autism funding away from vulnerable disabled Autistic adults
That is strange.
Getting all the details ready for 's Summer Wine Competition. Stay tuned and re-tweet to a friend or winery in your area!
Blogging will be a part of the Freshman Seminar experience at Baruch College come fall. 1200 new student bloggers.
MARLEAU SCORES! Ties the game at 2!
Tip4Actors Always list Special Skills on yr acting rez - include wacky ones & languages U speak. Not things uv done once.
Well hopefully we'll be able to come to Jersey sometime this next year and then we can kick it!
Listening to "Speaking of Faith" interview Rachel Naomi Remen (age 70): "We have been living based on fear for a very long time."
To date the social coupons I've put together have acquired 50,000 new customers. WOW!
Hello Grace. Wish I could be there. I haven't seen the recap video. Tell everyone I said "hello".
Olive Garden with and Tasty!
who wants to play GTS ?
Shout out to welcome back to worcester broo !!
Haha I have a lot of posters but it's not like that >.> that's creepy!!
Make today count
why Are you So adorable!!!
The Australian non-profit Illawarra Children’s Services recently changed their name to "Big Fat Smile".
someone was PISSIN.ME.OFF.Someone sang boyfriend and someone else was like basically sayin that he fadedaway and no one caresbout him no mor
You got serious thrill issues dude.
Obama's not "Black Enough"? What do you want? Him to act like a fool and let his suit-pants drag on the ground and Start rapping? WTF?!?!
ermmm excuse me, the definition is tan or orange x) Marco was like "WOOOAH, you were white yesterday and now you're black -.-
I just checked in at Fire Station, Anytown USA (w/4 others). FourSquare lives!!!!!!!!!
I miss you D:
Finally - is ALL NEW tonight on #ABC. Can't wait... my night time soap is back!
you're an alien ...
welcome! But they are quite opposite lol.
stuff shirt pens keychain a poster
Thanks everyone for supporting show on every Thursday!
Oh yeahh. Against Missouri. Well I just like last minute applied there a couple weeks ago so I'm waiting to hear back!
Once you fall just hope for that one will catch you !
Oh ouch. I'm gonna go bowling then be in bed by 1...ish. I plan on returning my book and seeing what other options I have...
What do you think it would take to get Tim Burton to stop making movies?
What if everybody's tweets were just thinqs made up!
Seriously now, does anyone have the EASY WORSHIP software I could use to download to my computer? With my crash I lost everything & need it.
Feel better Alexa!
I call everybody faggots ...oh well
thx. I appreciate it.
You have to become involved to make an impact. No one is impressed with the won/loss record of the referee. ~~ John Holcomb
whatever happened to Steff?
Ah really? :-O That's awesome! How's your classes been? (Are they getting any better?)
the putt on 17 was my favorite #TigerFistPump awesome round
Overheard on BART: "I'm not high, I just had to sneeze"
Glad you liked it! Thanks RT : Best bloody Mary in Austin
I'm pretty sure it'd be a good idea if the Cubs ate all/most of the $, & the sox didn't give up any prospect of note...
They are testing Alex Gonzalez's ACL on field. Not good.
About to go buy my ticket:D
Good Morning World....I hate alarm clocks!
This first of the month is dedicated to the back rent that pop stars told us not to worry about.
One person dies of melanoma every hour (every 62 minutes)
#Rochester #ROC #RocnDeals are up check them out. Half Off Spa @ Corn Hill, JG Crummers and Hometown Pizza. Going fast rocndeals.com
My tweets mean nothing. Like ever.
At Steam if you are in the neighborhood. Should be here most of the day!
Absolutely right! RT If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
Meeting at school today w/ principal. Not sure topic- Cs 504 or district FA policy~ Hoping policy- our school needs to overhaul theirs badly
yes please!
Suck it, Peterson!
Finally upgraded my dev box at work from Server 2003 to 2008. Cleartype over remote desktop and having symbolic links again is soo welcome!
sounds like a party
lol Yes :p
You know I graduated summa cum laude, that's why they thinking I'm illuminati.
i hate you.
lololol it wouldnt be an accident though...?
sure! the event is called the PEACE FESTIVAL and it's going to be Thursday, March 1st 2012
": HEARD THIS: IF JUAN PIERRE HOMERS BEFORE ALBERT PUJOLS, THE ENTIRETY OF TWITTER GETS FREE DRUGS"
this was after trying to tell him a couple other things that were actually worthwhile
I got bored.
My sis too threw lost ha iPod and phone less owe she #extraloosing!
So happy to be finally sleeping on my bed after two weeks of hard work!
walked outside and it was spring time. out of nowhere.
Was just told (in a Chronicle comment thread) that white-flight neighborhoods are the result the black racism. Hunh????
about to speak. Full room for this important issue.
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
My day started with an interesting board meeting - not in a good way. I had a great lunch with colleagues followed by sweets for all Kilgies
It was nice seeing everyone last night we will have to do that again real soon
same thing mayne relaxing from a long day
Cody is my everything!
health careers academy -_-
Ducati or BMW
It feels so good to sleep in.
Clearly 's SM team is listening, and also knows how to give back to real-life brand ambassadors.
which one fool
please tell me how do I live with out you....
#AdrianGonzalez only has 2 HRs this season. No wonder the #RedSox aren't winning games. As HE gets nailed to load 'em.
Burrito de carne asada sounds so god right now!
"we need to talk."
At #SDSU. My nephew is amazed by the fish in the koi pond.
not true
Cringe worthy: Nene from #RHOA in caramel Marni dress
Good morning my friends...I was wondering if someone can help me I am told there is a one ticket limit for shareholders meeting...so does...
I really wish I still had all that Hawaiian pizza but I ate it all and there's no more. Damn.
ogmomgom. i know ): i went on my other account cause i wanted to see how everyone was (:
yes man he wont let me go home! Lol
"Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not."
is it any good?
Are you serious? Count me in next time!
Yeah what you on?
*she is the one i think of when i wake up during the day an at nigh an when i fall asleep an i dream about her only her*
If you're pregnant and a bit nervous about #breastfeeding, check out a local class or support group, knowledge (+ support) is power!
If my bacon wrapped dog covered in cheese and onions is a turkey dog, it is healthy right?
what's wrong hunny
Backlinks are golden. Relevance is power. Organic search results rule.
The NFL's All-Star Game is set for today in Honolulu, as the AFC battles the NFC in the Pro Bowl. Who cares, but we'll take the NFC???
Lakers putting this away
Having issues with the website again! :( Domain is currently being redirected to this page until the issue's resolved!
They Getting Big My Lil Girl Diva Status Now
What Book? Wednesday - today's quote: "It was almost December, and Jonas was beginning to be frightened."
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes
thanks for the tweet! Hope all is well ;) I'll be visiting #NYC soon.
We're suckers!!!!
Marketing messages encouraging me to do something for my (late) Mom for Mother's Day bum me the fuck out.
I'm going to scream like a 3-yr old who doesn't get the barbie she wants.
Cheers for being the first uploader of an interview after the guerrilla usability session!
because I value my ass not being kicked!
yeah till June 4th
Testing this out for you. It works! =)
#BeMilwaukee now means the can head to Miller Park for the rest of the summer. Unreal. Here we come
Def flop-worthy! #backtothedrawingboard #logo RT Bombshell, that is one ugly logo.
Who's ready for Anchorman 2? Oh, it's happening people.
If a D1 doesn't go up in NW Arkansas then I guess you don't like making it rain. “: Is Little Rock not enough?"
You're welcome :) You deserve best in LA. I live in LA too :)
imma come see you one day. What days you work ?
Midnight in Chicago. 40 minutes until the next train. If you want to be a 1st class city, run the trains all night regularly. Seriously.
Not much else to report. We'll still making changes, then off to print. Promise we'll give an update when status changes!
#Prop8 "serves no purpose, and has no effect, other than to lessen the status and huan dignity of gays and lesbians in California."
Controversy, what controversy? The people want a ban on horse-drawn carriages in NYC!
I hate wearing pants that are likee loose , cause they look weird on me . ehh oh well .
Thanks for the tweet -- hope we'll see you there!
OF COURSE
Something good did happen tonight... Congratulations to and his wife Diana on the birth of their first baby.
im in that same boat
lushlifeonline.net is currently looking for contributors. What's your thing? Music? Design? Style? Gadgets? Shiny things? Let's talk.
Aint nobody at Ed seen ma real side these bitches think I'm soft :)
you have to believe that a good story trumps a museum demographic - that's what you're producing for.
We won't have booth at expo. Just attending as participants.
Wake me when always-wrong-Pundits stop blathering about .00001% of voters in swing states who will change vote because of what O did today
only if we can see Justin beiber and the wanted as well! #
School hasn't even started yet and I already want it to end.
I get it (once lived next door to the place) but the restaurant is a block from the ZOO. Kids & families built that place.
I'm awake!! Bout to go for a swim :)
does it still work?
Sounds like a great time! Enjoy that chocolate!
awe cute..
Paramount PR is looking for a part-time assistant to work on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 9-5 p.m. Candidate must hold a college undergradua…
Ah! You just solved a mystery - who painted that giant mural by our office!
Everything becomes real after you realize how many people don't care about you.
With my amazing gf :*
Visit and like "rondimarsh's fan page" at Facebook.com for upcoming performances as they are added if you live in the Northwest.
RT : thank you everyone for making our show super awesome last night!
Live report on how SDSU student Barzeen Barzanji's friends and fellow Greeks are helping his family cope with his death coming up
what up chula???
she sure can #wink! ;-)
F5s i thought should have said sumthin on the front and senior elites i thought the black looked a little funky but they were ok
Know the difference between #Feelings &
": Oh, you're a guy that sends smiley faces to other guys in text messages? When are you guys gonna fuck?" LMFAO !!!! I died
It was a perfectly lovely day, and now it's time to think about infant mortality. Sometimes I think I should try teaching something else.
Lets shoot for April 26-29...all the day clubs should be open by then
nostalgia, n. from Gr meaning to return home, homesickness. Hadn't expected to see oh so many wonderful ppl in San Marcos today. Miss & love
No one ever answers my questions, but they always question my answers
Just got word that Gorilla Music has chosen us to play in the Finals Showcase in January at Masquerade!!!
Conservatives have a sink or swim mentality,buy seriously-corporate America gets tax breaks & aid - why shouldn't citizens?
that actually makes sense. :)
Having uninsured motorist coverage is so important to protect your family in case of an accident. Contact SLG about your injury rights.
I broke a bowl and a plate in the past hour. I think that's a new record for me
#ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana Banana Line
Watching bball. The best annoucer team ever: Musberger and Knight!
my goal today is aleast to get up to 20 followers someone HELP me plzz i will follow you back!! <3
Yes I'm tweeting from my new iPhone
is being tormented.
its ok yes i know we cant always take great pictures lol .
I just realized I met the janoskians before they were famous and I didn't know!!! :o
lol yea i think so.
FUN reminds me a lot of Queen. Don't smite me!!! It's just my opinion... o.k,o.k a touch of Phil Collins too. eh :/
have fun ninja!
Man, the Red Sox bullpen sucks. 3-run homer by Billy Butler. Royals up 6-4.
What? no...that doesnt bother me at ALL!
Highly recommend the Brooklyn Blackout & red velvet cupcakes at #Little Cupcake Bakeshop. So good!
WTF. don't watch House while eating food. shit ain't right, man.
#RObotz is almost to 100,000! Keep going! Spread the word to EVERYONE! #LEGGO WE ARE TAKING OVER!
my school offered crappy food bahaha i want mexican food!
follow me.
That burst of excitement when you watching Disney channel and all of a sudden you see your sexy babies dancing #bestmomentofmylife <3
Hey we are live on twitter again
Physically and mentally drained
is on the phone while skyping with me. LEARN YO MANNERS.
that's awesome, except for the hipster heaven part.
I vow to never again forget the joy of drinking an Italian soda on a sunny day.
good luck where at?
My flight is 14 hours long, I hope these sleeping pills are strong.
hey hating ariana won't make the haters pretty
Been working on #RSA2012 paper for last 4 days, still 2pgs too long, still can't tell if I'm making a useful intervention or not. Prob not.
S/O to for being my wife, and my friend. <3
I would definitely make myself available for interview for the Howard Mittman bio.
I am a published horror writer. Psychologically, no one I work with would last two minutes inside of my skull.
Cant wait to hear his voice
So apparently Comcast did away with their contract @ PDX ? So no Blazers game. Though...maybe I don't want to watch what is going on...
Family in ABQ. for the Holidays? Want them to stay near you but not with you? :) Call us for our Special Holiday rates @ 505-296-4852.
Yep. I'm assuming that's why my invites never get accepted on steam. Haha. I thought you knew?
Grizzlies better not choke this...
Retweet you are proud of being a Malaysian. Malaysia Boleh!
On tonight's Big Bang Theory episode the guys enter a costume contest! Watch with us at 6:30 to see what they dress up as!
miss ya bro be safe
Monday. After school. Behind the ping pong tables. #6thgrade(pingpong)fight
HappyBirthdays Dear God bless you !
I KNEW PROFESSOR PAYNE'S WIFE WAS A GHOST HAAAAAHA sorry Ghost Whisperer thing
Great to have you today! Hope to see you again.
did you see the big hail the other day? Shot was like quarter size.
No, she'd still get mad, and there's no way I'd let you pay for it! :)
Let's stage an intervention. "Do you accept the typographical advice we are offering you today?"
#FF <--- Hard Core #Celtic fans. I see these guys at every game!
LOL your making me tired!
its okay I have blisters on my face :D lol
haha. Well at least she gave prom queen to Rachel. But I bet that was part of her plan all along. To steal that moment.
People at / headed to the Pacific APA, sound off!
I always order an Americano, hot or iced, because they can't burn espresso. But a pourover would work nicely too.
All it takes is usually one purchase to pay for the space rental and salaries.
No star can shine so beautifully tonight
BWAHAHAHAHA RT : Where we're going, we don't need original ideas!
Wearing a neon tshirt today. The man here to fix our internet just pointed out that my shirt matches his safety reflective vest. Sweet!
I Lovve You <3 I Lovved Your Concert Tonight Annd You Touched My Hand:D Do You Remember ? (: T E X A S A L L T H E W A Y ! (;
The creepy inspirational acting quote people have finally stopped #FF 'ing me. Success.
Exhibit time!
Did you see him last year?
I love you your intelligently beautiful amazing Talent
I would but my tongue tip is currently covered with vodka. Celebrate Pretty!!
loving her resilient and energetic cast.
How are you so far in your trip? How far left?
I've moved on from you, any girl can have you, trust and believe you ain't my boo :)
It was surreal seeing all of the NFL owners and media at the Atlanta Airport Marriott today voting on the NFL CBA.
Impatience and restless, an #Aries is quick tempered and can get offended easily.
#FollowBack Video Director | Graphic Designer | Photographer
I was actually singing awhile ago! :))
appreciate it :-)
Omg left school YAY
There have been very very few times that I've been jealous of anybody. But today?!...and for no good reason lol.
Oh! I kinda know that area! I will check it out for sure! Thanks :)
Day 10 offshore, beautiful weather today. If the rest of the job is like this I might not want to finish. Still haven't seen any whales. :-(
I got this drank in my cup :P
If its only 3 days, there's a guy up here who will come by your house three times a day to feed, water, and walk him.
becoming more and more frustrated by decision makers on Marco Island, Fl to continue to support the mass murdering of iguanas
Are you looking to expand your RoR expertise within the a large enterprise? Contact Jennifer at
Looks like the rain is going to hold off! Who's going to DIME-A-DOG NIGHT? game starts at 6:35pm!
got 2 study Cc. :s, bye
Yes, most will be within a couple miles of 465. Sorry for being so vague right now - just want to give you the correct info!
....long as day!....visited my grandpa's grave...hanged out wit my grandma....took a nap....now I'm up...chillin wit avek kicking it...
How come Nicholas Payton's new album is in the jazz category on iTunes? I didn't think he played jazz? He a jazz musician now?
Easy Stallone! RT : Do you feel THAT ? That's me arm wrestling you to hurry up! xo
Flameret Receives Strong Interest from China for its Patented Flame Retardant ...
Great chatting with from about tech sponsorships, one of the sponsors from this weekend's in Miami
gotta come up for air....sometime:) #bye sunny people!!
Enjoying a great dinner with my ma!!!! Love this woman
How about we freeze an Orchid and unceremoniously smash it to pieces to show virginal girls what its like to be rid hard and put away wet.
Apple has sold 67 million iPads since its launch on April 3, 2010. That's an iPad sold every second.
That is what made her famous...hindsight shows that was a smart business decision. Agreed though, gross.
It's a rule. RT Vintage furniture shop opens at noon, guess we HAVE to lunch at while we wait <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
me an tereance on our way
I know missed over 200 this year.
Couple cats on my TL that I can #TwitterTrap erry time w/ Laker slander...it's enjoyable
fries in France
you too queen...
Evans Donnell: "the fringe excites me because...the new people are coming up and the old people are adapting"
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious is in the Dictionary! Interesting to say the least! Spell check that WORD!
care to elaborate? On what tasks? I find iPad easier to use in most of my day to day tasks
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 Tampa - Clearwater. Friday Special. Call NOW
Yeah I know! Let's not let that happen again my friend.
definitely USF. Keep icing that hand.
i'm addicted to you #:)
yes twin I was there and I know about all dem flutes and clarinets...#wordtravelsfast #peopledrool lol
A week later, I have a fridge again! And I'll never take refrigeration for granted now. For at least the next week.
ok smooth.. U left me hanging for a minute lol
S/o to my bro happy bday clown...live it up
Dyed bottom of my hair red. Yolo?
(cont.) a partner, a spouse; nope not me; just me.
Brasil? Not that kinda football LOL. RT Brasil! you cheer for Brasil!
It's official 's 2012 Summer Wine Competition will be held at the Rancho Bernardo Inn. Voting -7/21 Public Medal pour- 8/4 Cheers
Seeing my mom cry, makes me want to cry....such a sensitive family...lol
Hope you had a safe return home and great memories of the bro's of San Fran :) Learned tons from you, thx for the wisdom!
:Pretending to look for your homework when you know you didn`t do it
bars - They're really good, a bit more $ than other bars, but they use a 1-4-1 model to feed children. Buy
when a girl still sucks her thumb.. she's too young for you bro. ;D
True statement. Guess James Franco's ravioli party will have to do.
I just wanted to look more fashionable than my nasty boots. I was in London, after all.
RT : I ironed on my tattoos
Europe’s Leading Online Healthcare Provider Offers New Women’s Health Treatments
Remember that it is still #autism awareness month... what does #autism meen to me.. driving 75 miles one way to the dentist.
thanks for the follow. We love our pets too. Looking forward to your tweets.
Haha my lil cousing sang to me all day long
One month until i'm on a plane for paris!<3
Book that shit, homeboy! I like it!
Merry Christmas everyone ! Happy birthday Jesus have a good one!
Shabazz wows the crowd with a one-handed slam off the side of the backboard. Perfect score. He's your champion.
Oh well, no traffic for later !
I'm so frustrated bro.
talked gas prices, reducing dependence on fossil fuels, need to focus on renewables on this a.m Great job
can get some mentions ???
four words: legs. up. the. wall. :)
Rythm guitars are solid!!! tracking leads and some vocals friday!!! almost there guys! (^_^)b
Higher taxes for the rich #Twi2012 - How much of the Robin Hood hero lives in the hearts and minds of the wealthy?
no kidding I get so many of these. Instant ban for me, but I get so tired of them.
Okay, taking a break from writing. Can't wait to start directing this stuff. It gonna be fun.
Rivera going out a winner ! Very cool!
im gonna get fat with all this cake people keep giving me lmao
#kidism When I was very pregnant with the twins, my nephew Dexter exclaimed ... http:/kidisms.com/141
Hi there, you personally need to know the cause of your neck pain. Taking medicine for relief is not good enough :-)
lol I just farted and my school blew up. SCHOOLS OUT MOFO'S.
Just saw it at Living Room Theatres. You must go!
Sunday Funday in the Courtyard at the Waco with
Chelsea are such execrable goons. Completely undeserved. MOTM for the ref.
finna send it bro
had no idea you were a comm. person / PR when I met you. Thx for the follow.
hahaha how would i get through school without you? i couldn't find the cancel job button! #gothswagg #gingerbestfriends (:
No.. only 19 minutes left of this season of
Your bald
It's games like today that I wish I was at the game watching Greinke pitch.
#SustUnbound one definition of property is that from which you can exclude others. So. . .what about books?
ha ha!
Hell yeah Swisher!!!!!
I've been to all those places - sounds amazing and fun!
RT Then how can you criticize Westbrook? : FYI: Coach didn't like me b/c I shot too much and he wanted me to be more PG.
Are the people blown away by 50 Shades of Gray unaware that there's naughty writing on the Internet?
RT : Caps 4 shots on goal in the 3rd. That's lock down D baby.
Don't diss the cookie monkee
I still feel the shocks going through my knee.....cool ~Devin.Anne<3
Haha! RT : Woo hoo!! Adopt me! RT : A2. Family size Frozen Margarita. Hey, I travel w. 5 kids!
this one going in the record books
yeah i can't wait... think the car will weigh about 20 pounds less in dust by the time its done
what ?! Happy Birthday Franny !!lol blessings!!
you should say because this is everywhere north of San Francisco and west of Chicago
good to hear. hope everything else is going well.
iPhone's look so much better without cases.
like Tyler...
Do you have aluminum siding on your old house? There's a good chance you've got some nice wood siding hiding underneath!
I had this custom made
"you don't seem like someone who takes some shit." -my new friend to me.
I agree.Maybe the third time around.I still love the Orioles unfortunately.
On downtown revitalization: I would pursue federal funding for the revitalization effort.
you should have went to Sprinkles on Walton...
Glad I was teleworking today so I could bury that raccoon.
we'll see how the dice rolls!
I want more tight shots. I always want more tight shots. Don't you want more tight shot?
Remember that no man loses any other life than this which he now lives, nor lives any other than this which he now loses
You are SO annoying.
Money is not for getting things, it's for changing things. From
hang aaround therre if ya could and are u like around by the blue line metro?
Professor is late the day after the Superbowl.... for a 4:30 pm class. Nice work.
I fucking hate crying.
Thanks for your lovely words of wisdom! Spreading peace every day :)
Today is national Go Skateboarding Day so get out there and skate an then go to CowTown for the Transworl Premier!
guy in the right aisle seat in the 5th row has been playing solitaire for the longest time
How much did it cost you though?
re Netflix: 180º South
#flexpro lineup looks sick... I got lots of work ahead of me.
Yep, done! Thanks!
Thanks Pitt. You just busted my bracket for good.
awesome! I'll a Treaty Oak cocktail tonight to celebrate. Happy #SXSW!
A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits. They will be embarrassingly large. --Henry Ford
You can get a voucher to Old Navy for $20 for just $10 today courtesy of Groupon!
Yesterday I was talking to a girl who always wears TIGHT shirts and she said "I have big boobs and don't like to draw attention to them" >>
Well JB was in Miami, and me and pili couldnt go to the concert because we had to go to school, we cried all math period .
It is time I stepped aside for a less experienced and less able man. ~ Who said that?
He should lose his license
“: Nothing like getting to the track before sunrise and leaving after sunset... #dedication” Life in
I'm always surprised by how accurate these things are.
it gets harder then easier haha
So excited you're on Twitter! Be there soon. Looking forward to edit day 1- great shoot yesterday!!
intro video is pure genius.
wish i had as a guest lecturer *crows in back of class*
wait where you going?!
good morning from
I swear your avi just amazes the fxck out of me every time I see it ... Weird as fxck
Hey lady!! Look at you lookin all good and stuff!!
#cwebodymedia device detects exercise and sleep of user
Thanks for the follow. Best way I know to stay fit -- PLAY! Glad to be connected.
I wish these mamas would stop putting all this weave intheir little girls hair. Looking like the old school Clark Sisters.
": Janet Jackson had 6 great albums. From Control to Damita Jo. This ain't up for debate niggas."
": LOL some idiot just said Memphis is a state. What a fucking clown"the correct terminology is asshat.
Are you ever in LA?
Strength is the ability to break a chocolate bar into four pieces with your bare hands and then eat just one of those pieces.
I can't find your email. my email is
"life begins at the end of your comfort zone." - neale donald walsch
Now my shit wana work had to turn the whole phone off.
long day... need a hot shower & then off to bed
Full sweep this morning. Ready to go wild this afternoon!
oh, me too:( what grade are you in?
I'm glad you're awesome! :) I'm well, thank you. I've missed talking to you!
#FF my crafting, antique loving, puppy wanting, separated at birth twin
Happy Birthday, America!
Thanks for RT !
#TraderTed has gone bat shit crazy! I'm loving this new GM we picked up!
Got school tomar but not tues like what the f*** y not just no schhool monday and tuesday lol
Tomorrow is the red legs vs the Bronx Bombers! It's going to be a great game, and of corse it's during graduation! Stupid graduation! :/
RT : There just isn't any pleasing some people. The trick is to stop trying. Robert Mitchum
this guy from the navy gave me a lecture on life today. I see it in a whole new way now.
Free promotion for your social networks on my profile. Try the URL. trust me its great. BTW , follow 4 follow?
We will fail our paper.... And we'll drag Daniela with us... We suck...
tees coming soon. I will be rocking one tmrw!
should we be shopping for baby gifts???
VC model of entrepreneurship + public policy = bold government. Where's the low hanging fruit?
excuse you can explain exactly waht you said?
#whosgonnalose - Indianapolis at Buffalo - Buffalo will lose
Gov. Rick Scott (FL) and voter suppression! Bill is on its way to him. Click here to send him a message: Please veto CS/CS/HB 1355.
i'm thinking of using for rails development too, what model did you have? 4gb ram?
Just met at Forks Drum Shop in Nashville!
Why is it that the first song that pop in my head when I woke up is I roll up smh lol
Love that song!
And nw for Backstage..
I will give you a shot-out this weekend I got you, haha.
Hahaha, yeah, basically, they are!
About to hit 20 followers! Thanks everyone! Every step counts!
On my way back home from miami finally.. Dead tired.
no not yet. But I'm going to eventually
Kay Polansky can't remember exactly how long she's been helping organize NNO events, but it's been years. Tonight she's on hotdog duty.
if i was on the thunder id be scared to death of metta.
Ppl change like seasons!
REMINDER: Paramount Open Jam has been moved to Friday June 17th!
I would ! It's like if ___ texted you
Lol idk Im bored! Lol I want to be in Hollywood already
I know! It's such a pet peeve of mine. Such a lack of etiquette!
We are off vacaction from blogging! We are back!
lets get it boys
Second day of #USNG Training with Delta State Univ Instructors. 2day is the navigational day w FDNY IMT.
see you there! Can't wait!
Avengers was pretty damn good. Starts slow but the final 30 minutes is AMAZING
I always laugh when I get a guest rejection stating, "Sorry I am in China". Last I checked they have phones in China.
Wondering how I have so many followers with less than a dozen tweets!? Now the pressure's on to deliver!
Super excited, looking forward to Edgar Awards tonight!
supernatural!!!:D you!?;)
Canadian beer :)
Always love your POV. Keep letting us know what you see around the corner?
#RunChat Q2) I always wear my compression gear while running!
are you here? if so, let's hangout!
boyfriend is way more
Who has some really great looking blog designs lately?
I initially thought you were but now see that you're not. Thanks for the tips.
man i remembered when i woke up today..i just left it alone...niggas be tired lmao
never that! Lebron will step up and have a big next game!
Thank you for your service to Indiana. Best wishes.
better be present for my next tattoo
Shoutout to World Star Hip Hop I want a Fitness Ball now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
#AskBieber Justin Where Wilk You Be Going During The #BelieveTour.?? Will you come to Indiana.?
watching game plan right now!!! fave part of filming it???
Sound of Music :)
Whoa! Good luck. I think I could use one, as well.
I respectfully wanna invite urrone to Toc Bar tonight as we party til 4am with the gorgeous Athen on the mic and myself in the mix...: )
simply celebrate everything! who cares! as long as it's fun! :)
When does a monkey have a trunk? When a suitcase just won't do. Haha
What a beautiful homepage! I would love to learn more about your site before signing up.
Because honestly, you either have money or you don't, and you might as well have it... right???
Fun night at Lucky Bar watching the world series. Great game, Cardinals!
Come and see us at Oktoberfest in La Mesa! Carne Asada, Pollo Asada and Carnitas tacos. La Mesa 11 am to 11 pm today. Shop and Party!
washing away the sins?
was literally thinking today about moving down there full-time once the kids r gone. Can go into business w/
Whats going on in TN? Makin' moonshine?
So it was that I found myself in Charleston, South Carolina on March 25, 1861, standing amidst the gloomy mood in a hotel lobby.
Everyone get your votes in for the SAG awards?
I've watched this like 5 times, and it never stops being funny. Hahaha.
Follow my ravishing sister >>> actress, model, hip-hop superstar >>>
So apparently it stormed last night? Yea I left my window open with a fan blowing in...my carpet needed washed anyways.
They are just words made creatively!
Starting a new #DnD campaign this afternoon with my son & four of his friends.
Omg you're so close!! Will you please follow ?! #JamesMaslowTo600k ... LOVE YOU! :3
If you have a few mins. tomorrow, would be great to talk about BuddyPress. Just started admin'ing site w/ it: clgbthistory.org
This is great. Will they also teach kids not to throw chix wings, styrofoam, doritos, & cans on the sidewalk in the first place?
Tweeting the person that's sitting 3 feet away from you, instead of actually speaking.
I cut ALL my hair off!
I Know! I Loved Them Both!
If you like hilarious shirts buy this - Seriously... $30 to Spend on Novelty T-Shirts and Hoodies httpp://ow.ly/1M8xBw via
cruz'n to that leanerville USA... vámamos!
That makes me :) RT : SimplyLeap yep. You are hugs.
Thanks to the PNC Grow Up Great folks for manning our phone bank tonight!
I'm down! Lol
Lots of meetings scheduled ahead. Can't wait to discuss potential business opportunities with several other entrepreneurs
I don't know. I think I'd see that RT : "Mel Gibson is Back and wackier than ever!"
It's a bit tricky to create an ad for ebooks that mostly don't work on ereaders. Don't want to false advertise.
Thats Every Day. I Said Weekend Ho.
since then Ive read bits & pieces of Dr Perkins & Ive really enjoyed listening 2 Rudy Carrasco's podcasts. How r u involved?
Sleep cycles?
'Act of Valor' was worth every second in the theater!
How do I get "Trending Articles" out of my Facebook feed?
I want someone to say, "Always." to me and actually understand the signifigance.
Now the ATL Haunted History is showing a place in Millidgeville! This is ridiculous. All of GA, save Sav or Aug, is apparently ATL.
i need 1 more female actress for a music video tonight! anyone?
Being ugly sucks :/ being dumped on 9/11 sucks even more
yes! Ha that was her
Children's bio perfect 4 National Wildflower Week "Miss Lady Bird's Wildflowers: How a First Lady Changed America" by
contest goes all weekend and winner will be chosen on Monday. good luck!
you want to clean your list around every 90 days or so with the people who have opted in, then NEVER opened your messages
ah ha
#OnTheLastDayofSchool I'M GETTING THE BIGGEST BOTTLE SO I CAN CELEBRATE.... FUCK SUMMER SCHOOL... SEE YALL AGAIN IN THE FALL #realltalk ;-)
Excellent video doc. Thanks for following me.
hahah no Just me Being a silly goose with my soap opera show haha
okay, picture is up. Hm...now what?
is my 17th Bday!! And I get a birthday tweet please!?!?! I love you guys!!! <333
Here's to hoping Russell Wilson has some success in the NFL. It was a pleasure to watch him play last season.
We'll take 'em any way we can.
what are your plans for Labor day weekend??
my phone tries to auto correct "Eastland" to "wasteland". Just sayin
so tired...
Now following :)
haha no problem!
Happy birthday I love love love you!!
cool! Where can we buy?
agreed man. Not cool. I'm down for trivia Wed.
Boyzone are drunk walking up my road
I've been thinking that he's involved in that for a little while now and now that she mentioned the sons, definitely!
Taking a personal day for the first time. The stupendous Austin Owen is gonna kill it in my place.
I'm not in class! I got out of school over an hour ago
GO FOLLOW ---> <OR ELSE I WILL GET CHUCK NORRIS ON YOUR ASS!
Goodnight you guys had a great day.
#Veep on #HBO is fucking brilliant!
NEW ON THE SMALL PLATE MENU: Tartare of Slagel Family Farm Beef, Raw Quail Egg, Capers, Pickled Shallot, Rye Toast, Spicy Chili Aioli
Ask Havs about stage diving for Helmet/Jesus Lizard.
He's started 11 of 12 May games, I'd say that's pretty much every day.
of course! Ask away...
It's too early & I'm at the library STFU! lol
Thought it was a pretty good welcome back episode. Just enough movement in the story to get ya back in to it
Need a texting buddy.. Any takers? :)
Are all checkout processes as complicated as #Virtuemart ? Inquiring clients want to know. What else to use for #Joomla! #ecommerce?
#NBCSDDebate - We're watching candidates speak on the issue of Pension reform. Not hearing anything new. What do you think?
Hey Chelsie, seriously check our website & have friends/family gift you travel cash. Every bit helps for your celebration trip :)
saying no is a very important skill!
Thank you for the congrats :)
Close enough! Was joking slightly. However was thinking of a variety of tweets for each point Not serious tho
Special moment at Robben Island: former political prisoner guide praising prison library for uncensored access to books. Opened his world.
you could have tweeted me homeboy!
Trauma as a place of service - the greatest mission field of the 21st century. Diane Langberg
Computer training at work.
my original sin we meet again.
happy birthday!! 11
Yes we do plan to partner with Family Success centers
Loyal Labrador who stayed by dead dog&#39;s side ... - Avid Investor Group
Hooping today for sure busted knee and all
thank you!
7 BILLION PEOPLE ON EARTH
Today's Google Doodle was done by a 7 year old. Impressive!!!
Get exams out the way then back to boxing :D
"Now watching The Real Goodfella" on the Audience Network
is it time to start rockin the combover to school?
That should be okay!
Our Ward 1 town hall meeting is tonight at 6:30 at Carlos Rosario Int'l Public Charter School at 1100 Harvard St, NW.
3 course Chef's tasting menu with wine pairing for only $30! Or hang out at the wine bar with 25% off wines and $5 starters.
Criminal Minds Is On Good Night<3
OK, just keep me posted! :)
k, gonna stay with my mom and my family now! goodbye <U+2665>
Saturday plans >>>>
"I smile 98% of the time" : ) hahaha so awesome
ok homie, I actually completely forgot about it. Coulda had yourself a free hoodie and headband lol
wats the job
Your remix of "Break'n A Sweat" is truly amazing. One of the best remixes I've ever heard for sure. Really great flip of a track.
Keeping up with the Voyage tweets breaks my heart. To know that those people had no idea what was waiting for them... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Bad idea #42 of the week: eating Dorito shell Taco Bell taco. Why must I always eat something left in newsroom???
This dude George Zimmerman better be out of the country bc this new black panther party seems damn serious.
bravo for your segment with Mo Domingo last night. Mr. Colbert, we are holding auditions in April/May...c'mon down!
People in #gainesville still sleep til noon.
the look holds up better than I woulda thought... but id still prefer it handdrawn...this will also be the style for the next batman
no just been really busy. Hope all is good with you!
I've finally realized how lost I am without my best friend!! Miss you <U+2764>
Oh ya and by the way my friends don't like you. Idk why you talk to them.
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom ever & yes I'm biased. I love you!!! Xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxo
Thanks for the kudo's on our new website. You mentioned storage folders? We have storage boxes and we have music folders??? thx
My second tweet and my second follow goes to because he is my inspiration, and I love him (:
Nope, didn't feel the quake here in the Denver area. While living in SD, a 5.3 caused a wave effect in the floor of my office...
Glad and I got to catch up with over lunch! We missed you !
happy birthday ronald weasley.
Y'all, I almost lost it when the President hugged Congresswoman Giffords!!
Hey guys I'm a horse NEIGH NEIGH
Hello. Does studying with a Buddhist monk help you understand autism? Double doozy, huh? Glad to meet you.
"LOOKING AT MY MOMMA CEILING WISHING DAT I HAD A MILLION"
Could this be the one
Today, everyone is wearing Mariano Rivera's uniform number. Always a great tribute to the best closer of all time!!
The only thing holding me back is myself.
oh yeah. "Ill be back". German accent..
#transverse White Horse Tavern
Seeking a Marketing Director for a prestegious global Management consulting firm in NYC! Up to $170k + bonus and benefits
God's canopy is over you and will cover you at all times, preserving you from evil. So don't be afraid, God is everywhere.
Thanks for following me on twitter! I am 6'6", I could seek your advice for custom clothing next time I need it
on my grind
#iGetRealMadWhen people stick their noses in other people's business
Tonight we are hosting our vip event "Disco Inferno". Open to the public at 8pm. DM for guest list. Please RT.
When he gets jealous it shows me he just cares :)
When I was younger, if you could run up the slide you had serious skills.
i was scared too, but it will take the pain away. keep me updated!
RT The only way to achieve your dreams is to take a risk. Without sacrifice, progress is unattainable.
check your device... digiatally
yessir! We there bro. New York City!!! Friday!!!!<U+2708>
I know who I'd pick based on that!
Assume you travel alone.
“ what are the odds of bringing Spo back & adding Doc for Indy?” We still might add some more coaches after the playoffs!
is amazing and is helping me to change my life!
Hm. Winter is right around the corner.
Know who you are and then adorn yourself appropriately. -- Epictetus, The Discourses
Omg It's Raining ! It Hasn't Rained In San Antonio In Foreverr :D
Be sure to visit our website for the latest in MMA news
I swear, Barack Obama has the support of like 99.9% of all teenagers
trying to figure out twitter is like reading hebrew. confusing.
I'm sure I try 's patience. He puts up my blog post and I ping him 10 times because I find errors. God I'm a bad speller.
i want to be seen RED!!!
aww man look im walking u down the aisle already lol
The rangers are the ish
Peres says fall of Assad would be death knell for Hezbollah: report
Finally a sensible one. Thank you. :-)
and what will you do when you find someone in the ice cream aisle? Scope them up and lick them till they melt? Lol ;-)
Started some Common Core standards curriculum work at Olean CSD today. I love the smell of curriculum in the morning.
ONE-LINER: Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
Sorry to hear about that! We will speak with that department. Let us know if you need anything!
He's running for president because he's Mitt Romney unemployed.
EPA official apologizes for call to 'crucify' oil companies, senator investigating | Fox News CRUCIFIED HIM
I will!!!! Hahaha
Yes Sir! The joint at Hard Rock 8pm
That was a seriously fun time'
We got there around 330!
'Keep it open!' me to
seriously. In love.
Bringin the Word to the heathens (kidding) in expository. Wassup!!!
followesd, follow back?
Maybe his answer why is more people r losing interest in blogging? Less people doing it? Which doesn't mean it's bad
Oh yay the rain has made to South Florida. -_- time for me to go inside. Not Swaggy *Bieber voice*
any sand or dust can still scratch the glass. Get a protector, you won't be disappointed.
“: How many famous and high-spirited heroes have lived a day too long? ~ Rousseau” #Colts #PeytonManning ???????????
And we're up: For the next oncoming years, I plan to deliver some very cool things which I have had in store. Stay tuned!
The faith I see inside myself was giving from god
On metro north with a #corona, for no other reason than the fact that I can
Don't forget, they'll be at roller derby double header tonight! We're sponsoring all season!! Cheers!
I won't go anywhere of you do
Still true for religious, gender, education 'slavery'.
Monday mornings are spent avoiding people who might ask about my weekend.
i just beat angry birds christmas with 3 stars on all levels!! It took awhile but, i got there.
young the yiant
The NBA where missed free throws happen...
The new store near my house sells lace front wigs, eyelashes and Brazilian butt lift jeans. This is a true story. Not made up.
136 million objects to visually describe? Better get talking
It a come back to his tweet folks
The eskimos had fifty-two names for snow because it was important to them: there ought to be as many for love.
I wish would set up shop next door so that I could eat delicious snacks all day.
The real slim shady is back. Sorry for any tweets that didn't seems like us.. Password reset.. and account returned to normall:)
over due avatar of Crowder. #Jaemazing run of late for
I hope and ready for this
hey Abby how r u?
how about a better way of providing education..? a 21st century. not necessarily a "higher" edu.
This was so very kind. Thank you.
Did you know that most of your elected officials have a facebook and twitter account... #Occupy there too!
Went to the gym today...pretty sure I've met my quota for the year.
I deserve a Grammy...
Commission meeting is in session. Watch live online at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
Hey, kids! Rock and roll! Shake yo body, now lose control! Just move it, lose it, whatcha whatcha gon do with it?!
Off of work
Who knew that just coloring your hair , was painful ?
Imma be the little treadmill slave that could.
I knew you would love that :) hahaha love you
Looking for indie #YA authors to read and review. DM me!
Whats Up Guys ? :) Sorry Im on & off this account :) im trynaa get more followers here though <3
a no hitter with all strike outs would be a perfect game..
“: and No Hay Banda, this Thur at Mad Frog in Cincy. preview! and more sept 30-oct2”
I'm not in kingsville bro
Bought stamps this morning to mail wedding invitations. Choice was White Roses or Civil War stamps. Went Roses, probably a good decision :)
where do we find them?
SUGAR RUSH. ZOOM ZOOM ZOOM.
U may be a dog but ur a pretty cool cat
Getting ready for the Chicago Fire game on Saturday night.
Go die. I hate you.
Ok it happened so I'm asking for a follow. Been following you since 1998 in Helena.
On the ground in C'ville with Perriello's tremendous core staff-energy here is fantastic and everyone's psyched for tomorrow.
Big Papi just had his first steal since 2008. I'm surprised it wasn't 1998.
#follow me lol ;)
adding you
saxophonist Lenard Simpson received outstanding soloist award & performed with Mingus Big Band at the last night!!
Amy please follow me I'm your biggest fan ever like I will not shut up about meeting y'all April 28 it drivin everyone crazy :-)
ma b text me the dets
Been crying all night, drinking all summer. Praying for my happiness, I just hope that I recover<3
Recession=honor system: removal of NYC subway station attendant booths means no-one sees if you jump a turnstile - but how many do?
Romney is against character assassination but character carpetbombing is totally copacetic.
"Mommy, may I please have some more juice?" LOL! We forget they need our help to choose the right words/tone
It sure is an exciting time for technology startups in Detroit. Visit soon!
Your welcome Kristi , Glad it made it to your door and hope it fits. Wash it in cold water inside out 100% cotton dark color
The older u get the less u want friends in ur life.....
- Hope your Saturday night wasn't as drama filled as Friday night! Haha
So excited to meet today!
RT : Bottums Up!?! : ) <Correct, you win! DM us your address!
Today is the seniors last school weekend. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
you're here in spirit! I used our masterpiece slide deck as a framework for tonight :-) cc
Apartment hunters: Check out our available units & 3D floor plans!
We hear the birds chirping from the West Coast! :)
"And then there was privacy...a tricky thing in a teepee." Chief Many Moons
i think this is the best year for black friday!! found 6 55" flat screens tvs under $700
Just found out my eMusic DLs will be cut by half for same price. I joined to explore indies, not Sony's backcatalog!
Thanks (: Idk yet i have to get my work permit
where the fuck you at? lol
Can't sleep
The 32oz Vanilla Cupcake cappuccino at QT is not as good as I had hoped...
FF7 is the best game ever made.
But in this exchange you definitely threw the winning salvo with that last one.
T'was wild to have an in Seoul.Felt like home! I bet they don't sell rice sticky buns along w/ coffee in the Stat…
Still time RT Wonder if Kershaw or someone gets plunked tonight after that whole Parra incident last year.
RT this for a SHOUT OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D( and ToastRedCarpetLive event)
I want to meet someone who wouldn't take advantage of me if given the chance.
My cousin was a brat when she was little. We actually called her Angelica behind her back xD
Thanks Peter. Just checking! It will be nice and warm this weekend. Summer is already here!
Every fuckin time i make somethin fuckin my bro has 2 eat with me i hate sharing my food
Up bright and early, ready to go at 101.9 The Mix!
The Rockers >>
I've made chili, worked on my car, played frisbee with dog, and even skated today. Now time for work.
A thought at #work: Always thank #stakeholders 4 the things they do. Do not measure only in terms of dollars and cents.
Sunday naps are one of my favorite things.
made the brownies extra yummy! ;)
Christmas time is full of people quoting the same lyrics to all I want for christmas is you. Fun
#erl12 created a FileMaker pro database to capture usage info of all resources
nd ma name is megan:)
RT : Its No hiding it now its about that ring NOW..
oh ouch.
I love everything about
You cat to be kitten me right meow!
good one! Hermit....
yeah I am to why?
Gov. Christie slept through 3rd period
I enjoyed your post... Congrats!
was fun having alone time but all my peeps were asking about you. May have to have a party this year just to make up for that.
thats what we said. 830pm. .......(thanks)
Mike Stern ticket give away today at 3, at Facebook/BluesAlley
When a man marries a woman, they become one--the trouble starts when they try to decide which one. Croft Pentz
The Indians take the lead! 2-1!
the new media weapon. The media is exacting revenge for his 20 minutes vid. read it at www.uniteandstate.com
Guess what!
brain freeze.
You're so very welcome. “ ;)) thank you for that !”
Ooh, I'm going outside right now.
Go Daina and Dace name readers extraordinaire!
Do you think Justin Bieber is the father or is this lady bullshitting?
#Usetittiesinamovietitle "Old Titties" - For Old School
Does chris brown have a tiny chat i was talking to him earlier not lying
My deodorant wasn't very effective today. That's ok I will just put on more cologne and have the scent of a French whore.
Yes I sang Ignition the Remix at karaoke tonight!
<3 trees. That's the best thing about the south. Trees. (That said, I love that we don't have 90-degree days here in Anchorage.)
Got respect for country music.
You have an amazing voice and are extremely talented!!! Good luck to you in your music career!!
Fister, you go with the two best, give yourself the best chance to that day... can't plan for the next day - win today
From my favorite Washington Post Columist House-Lawyer--Real-Estate-News---Analysis.html?soid=1010984599346&aid=V8TVKFtPZVw
Where the fuck has been?
You were told to run away. Soaked the place enlight the flame. Pay the price for your betrayal. Your betrayal. Your betrayal.
I love you
Drum lessons...hopefully outside.
But how do you think visualizing tweets can help cross platform?
Happy Birthday cousin!!
I hate getting up just because I'm hungry. Need to start keeping bedside food.
Morning momma
I think in LA that's call an overpass. I might be wrong. RT : What pass was that by LA
Just spilled water on my laptop at work. Not liking the water
:D your amazing(: i love your song down to earth(:
Very nice!
I think I would look so sexy surfing ...
yooo text me
I love the way Brits pronounce "fuck"
Oh Yeah I Remember Thx:)
about 45 min I'd guess. It's been a very, very long drive.
Thanks man
want to play a show with next Wednesday?
Fab Expands Across 13 European Countries, Is Actively Looking For Acquisitions - TechCrunch
My neighbor (not the whistler) is a pretty good pianist.
Really not looking forward to giving a speech in front of my whole English class today.
winkyface and chase is your dads name brad?
kind of like when Marcus Allen said that the team with the most points will win.
Who's watching the #orangebowl - what's up with Train guy's hair?!?!
#RyanBraun after his eloquent speech, they still drag him down
Was resisting going to bed this early, but then remembered that I didn't go to bed until 3:30 last night (morning). Z.
not much. Sorry for the long wait.
Almost a new year....time to get a new you.
It's MOJITO #Mondays $5 mojitos! Come join us!
Sometimes Twitter & Facebook is a big What Would You Do? With John Quinones.
Thanks for the RT!
All these haters are just giving me more views
hey girl, I hope all is well, looking 4ward 2 having U up the road next week in Lex at The Tin Roof..gonna B a great show!
Two's a couple, three's a scene.
Back in town, from watching Angelica Chavez's awesome victory! We are so proud of her and the rest of the fighters from Chavez Dojo!!
thanks I see U ! U a ANIMAL! u on TOP! So i no i See-U! Get it!!!
Thanks for the follow
This is not pretend, don't play the end. I know you're real and not just a book I read.
that is engrained in your brain. wait are you still on twitter?
Yo you never paid for the hookers, roofies, and zip of GDP I sent over to your motel.
thanks! Have a great weekend!
Just listened to an interview with Morris Claiborne on I officially like this dude a LOT now.
gonna be changing twitter id.. stayed tuned
yeah, no. She's MY best friend.
I need more followers to unfollow this page it got hacked please follow my new one
hugs back. :D
RT : Happy birthday to our founder, ! Thanks for all you do for children in the Rochester community!
not ready to goto school but i have to -,- i hate that my mom makes me leave now & i start class in an hour 1/2
Ready to leave for #Miami tomorrow.
LMAOO! RT : we still are homie had to stop somewhere real quick and do some drugs
You are the 6th member of 1D....no questions asked.
. Most areas of the U.S. have more trees now than when the colonists came. Indians burned forests to make grazeland.
Love me some awesome peeps
Yeah, but I'm talking about how other fan bases/general people think all of us are "Little Monsters".
My nails look #fresh (': i love doing my own nails <3
so freaking mad and tired
He'll probably start again anyway since his single is done and AMAZING! Just like him ;) <3
good point lol :)
Thank u sunshine, for making this busy day a beautiful one! 2 AUDITIONS, 1 panel, 2 workshops. Phew!
When your on the weeds...no matter what it is you make it funny...#3:20hightweet
Happy Birthday ! We are getting nutty tn.
Had a good day today , played call of duty
is without a doubt the best player in the country.
yeah for spring break. Hopefully :S
Finished Homicide by David Simon, creator of The Wire. Why didn't I read this ten years ago? Brilliant.
hello sexy how you been ?
Thank you very much for the Student Writing Contest RT !
u short
Beautiful weekend forecast! Enjoy refreshing Stella Marina "Starfish" cocktail patio w vodka, pineapple, mint & cayenne
Eh. Just another fear-mongering article by rich folks who are worried that "the normals" can now get in on early deals.
That a boy Chip. Keep it going
I know guys think about sex a lot, but surely I'm setting some kind of record.
ALERT! We'll be closed Noon-5pm today Friday 4/13 for a private event. See you at 5pm for Happy Hour!
that ur thoughtful answer?u see no pattern of meanness,ego,elitism,...?That is worrisome-of you
yes sir! Another time :/
RT #FOLLOW my #TEAM <> follow us 2 Ocean Bar 2night!
i won't say that I am hungover, just that I am very tired.
buying Mrs B one for mothers day.
ha, only if we storify it B)
no doubt i read a retweet earlier that made me sad. I'll try and find it for u
Make sure you stop in to get something to wear for the New Year!
Wtf they know bout Easy E? Lol white ppl funny
I need to start booking people for hair appointments. Already getting requests ;D
I love my new #iPad!!!
I put my size 4 clothes into the attic. In a coffin.
#WeWontWork if you still talk EX
I want to go to wildwood #someonecomewithme !
Thanks for sharing, glad you enjoyed it. Have you burned any ships recently?
im on the east
Meeting with technical team and they are distracted by Matt Cain sitting next to us.
I love COD we play that sometimes too
Behind the scenes of #libmade: One of the best parts is seeing the attendance go up and also seeing some familiar names joining in!
Up and ready!
You're welcome! We moms of many have to stick together!
Who doesn't love cookies? lol
That does make it so hard! Let us know when you're needing motivation, we'll be here!!!
that akward moment when you open a pack of gum and then everyone wants to be your friend
I am one proud girlfriend!
Mumbai Bistro's website is live. www. mumbaibistro.com
things I'm tired of #1; small dogs
#nowplaying for the fallen dreams-nightmare <3
WoW, 11inch. Never dealt with sumthn that big!!
Happy Thursday #kizombalovers!!!
#dh11 Q: w/n startup grants, training for scaling up to bigger grants?
: ... Hey ! ... Hope to see at the party on Tuesday, June 14th at Sky Bar ... ” Yeap, I"ll b there!
“: thanks!!” of course! Did you go see it? Tell me what you thought! (:
An e-mail from who is in Rwanda w/ makes me jealous that she's breathing in the smokey air & hugging kiddos.
Late #FollowFriday post: and !!
We appreciate your insight! More detail on what instructions you would add? Feel free to email:
Is Giving Away a Wii, Follow and Retweet to Win
Fear was never a factor.
wait, that sounds like backhanded encouragement!
Want up to date sports news every day!? Check out our friends
Make Sure That You Are Taking Advantage Of All Possible Retirement Strategies: 401Ks, IRAs, Mortgage Strategy, Brokerage Accounts, etc...
I now own a table saw and hope to keep all my fingers forever.
Oh and we gotta go get a mother's day present today
Really the houstons need help 4 kicking Whitney husband Bobbi Brown #not cute
Weekday weekends in SF are the best!
Just got my eyebrows done lol
oh cool don't love me ?
I'm really not sure how to respond to that
please come to the #Royals next year
Act nice, and gentlemanly.
me & attack me now.
Hey everyone, follow Constantino's Market-University Circle at
See you tonight starting at 7pm for Art + Design Night in the Miami Design District. The rain is gone and it's going to be a great night.
night kenny glad I can become a Hollander to you :) even though I already am one to
I HATE IT
If there's anything we learned from I Am Legend it's that Will Smith talks to mannequins. But also that he might survive
Thanks! RT : I love the space!
I'd like to punch that Rodriguez in the mouth! Wieters is the man!
I've said it before, but am I really the only one who kinda feels sorry for Wolfgang Van Halen?
..opinions vary, but it's a very "potent" way of rebuking any kind of negative or EVIL, feel me? Trey bien, merci!
#ThingsCentralStudentsSay; Student- "OH SHIT." Teacher- "Get out!." Student- "I SAID 'HUSH IT.'"
would you guys kill me if I made it my icon?
Who's hungry? Fresh-baked flatbread !
Excited to have a little "fiesta"
I dont tweet very often, what is up with me?
is performing a cover of Feel So Close To You... right now
Life Lift, the Oprah blog (and, of course, my own edification).
Happy earth day!!!
Don't do it, Betty! Put down the whip cream!
I think it did Fox has pushed back the 24 film twice in two years.
#Myperfectguy someone who always wants to hug and kiss me. At the right time.
Having dinner at fuentes. Prolly a 2 hour wait... Or as I like to think about it, a 5 beer wait
The otaku are probably having massive orgasms while pre-ordering their cute girls doing cute things movie.
#orioles record is now 6-1 when Kevin Gregg doesn't pitch in a game and 0-3 when he does
Danny Miller is hot!
I was going to make a joke about Crystal molesting Justin Beiber, but it really feels more like it'll be the other way around..
lol :p i wish I knew!
Its not like I brought up Dallas sweeping the Lakers or anything....Why did you have to do that?! Your a horrible person
Just a reminder that it's HAPPY HOUR at from 5-7pm!
That place isn't shit but a social spot
BTW, great crowd tonight at Prince Chichbu Memorial Rugby Ground in Tokyo despite the weather
#algebra2 Can Be So Confusing and Hard!! :/
Thanks, doll. Great to see you today!
And you, sir, are at the top of the that list.
#SometimesYouHaveTo keep yo ass in the house & stop runnin dem damd streets.
Thinking about starting a 'non-noisseur wine blog' for people who love wine [esp cheaper varietals] . Would you read it?
Good afternoon, all. Hope you're moving your day along positively.
How is everyone's day going? Are you lending a free hand to someone in your life?
i was only totally joking.
Final Fight, Aliens vs. Predator and The Punisher were hands down kickass beat 'em up arcade games. Don't forget Cadillacs & Dinosaurs.
you recommend this movie to everyone ! But it is one of my favs <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
finally ! lol jk, its all good. but like... i dont want people from school to see what i tweet !
Why You Might Sell Your Home Over the years, there are many occasions that arise that may cause you to want to sell your home. The reason
#almchicago - Lunch is served!
Sometimes we have to erase our history in order to write our destiny!
Followed ya! :)
#jvwebinar Looks like some cool folks online tonight!
Please follow my girl she shows mad love
hey lovely. I leave Thursday morning :)
I think is going to be talking with you
Thank you! Really appreciate your feedback!
I'm outta here lol
finally can catch my breath.
Yes, I do sing professionally. How cool to play the drums! I'm trying to learn piano and guitar.
!Don't cover up the beauty!
As of this very moment, we have 210 people registered for BarCamp Rochester. This event is shaping up to be the biggest we've ever had.
Outside with my besties about to play this game idk wat game but it sounds fun so imma ply it
Love your blog and your bracelets!
Tereck was honest & upfront about his salary and asked person to do more research on other points
I think we have an opportunity to create and expose youth to new realities.
Thank you for sharing! Red velvet+cheescake=pure amazingness
Draft budget: Revenues to increase from $713k this year to $2.339 million in 2016-17
Im arguing with an idiot about the Trayvon Martin case on Fbook. I dont know why. I'm about to quit.
So many pretty colours though!
Singer-turned-horror-movie-director Rob Zombie started out as a production assistant on 'Pee-Wee’s Playhouse.'
Busy week of recruiting in Florida at AAU National tournament then back to KY in prep for 2011 preseason. Canada, Cats and Vegas + HCAC
Hey I'm making your favorite soup.
Loving the warm banana-white chocolate bread pudding at Audrey Clare in Philadelphia.
My friends are some cunts so I'm done.
Amen. Dude should be satisfied to call it a miss & walk away. Multiple unrequited reaches proved his unworthiness anyway.
For what it's worth, Sox killed it today. Well done
Rooting for our very own CHRIS THOMAS on #AmericasBestDanceCrew one talent crew!!!!!
2 wks ago my plan b was 2 move 2 sedona, az and give pink jeep tours w/ent & exit narratives
Hey #anybutobama whoever you are, if you win in Nov, i've got a
RT : RT : Wow what a call!
Campaign??? I did not know I was running? Thanx Constant Contact!! for putting me in the race!! LOL
Falcons beat saints and Jimmie Johnson wins at Dover, having a good day
Girrrrrrlllll!!!!!!! RT : Why do we date people who are not even close to being on our levels??
Hope you have a good day :)
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in WASHINGTON DC July 1st - July 7th,2012!!! Follow for details
i have yet to even get you "ON a stage" in DC..... but i'll settle for the floor
conference looks fun!
Looking forward to seeing some great food & friends tonight at #D-E dinner
now in omaha...want to know what a librarian does here? i'll try to enter every transaction. lots of giving out of bathroom key!
Anyone have suggestions for good hotels in downtown Nashville?
Had an awesome time at #ala10, seeing all my mls buddies and meeting new librarians!
I want to thank everyone for supporting us tonight. I am working on a frequent buyer card for our loyal customers.
Hit that slut with that beignet
Thank you RT : Just got my free download of She only wanted flowers. You are very talented.what a great voice!
yessir. Just cant fill out the lineup card.
I would go to the gym this weekend butt , Im going to Spokane . (:
Recently read Steve Jobs autobiography by Walter Isaacson, went for the IPad instead.
chillin like matt dillan...playing my tennis..yeah yeaheeeeeeeee
Oh..okay:( lol
I left my ring at home, not a good way to start off my day.
Gr8 to hear! :) RT : all good
crabs r gr8! RT : Aww...wish I could get it at Tower Oaks this weekend.Oh well.Soft-shells are in my very near future then! :)
Our offices are near Pizza Hut and Papa John's. And I keep smelling a pizza with black olives and green peppers! Help, I'm getting hungry!
Super PAC spending
Which means you MUST find a date to join you ;) “: LIKE our Facebook page to get our BOGO COUPON!! Yippe! Deals!”
Wish I could sleep in tomorrow
can't get pregnant if u do it in the water
got our apt. We're official. Welcoming all guests named Veronica.
Thanks. Gonna try it for breakfast.
Aced that Civil War test today. All because of you obviously..
Dear Candidates what would you do to support integration of the immigrant population. Perry, focus on the family support, through schools..
is giving a solid talk on balanced design.
heyy i am mad bord and we have school tomarrow dont really feel like going but it is my bfs bday
I think I'm addicted to facebook....
Go Cards! But next time can we sing the right song in the 7th inning stretch please?
Trying to Twitter from my phone. Allergies are at full force and Im sneezing like I ve got the Turrets :-o
oo shush i have a tutor
I want to humbly thank all of u who listen to my show at night. You are the reason it was ranked #1 again. THANK YOU! U are the best
My beetle was totaled, and we just inconveniently sold the truck... So, I'm carless at the moment <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
We love our Twitter followers :)
im in your neck of the woods!
Always glad to help, Phil! Hope you're having a good weekend.
I have a feeling that leaving the second time will be harder than leaving the first time...
Let's go Clippers!
One Direction is going to be on SNL tomorrow? Sweet!
Hey , please follow & DM. We'd like to discuss a project that we'd like to include on! Thanks!
You make a very good argument.
#erl12 reformatted department handles CD, ER, resource sharing delivery & circ services at OSU
Craving a goshen store sandwich
Josh McRoberts is a dirty worthless player to this Lakers team
Have fun!
#Raw no Divas match I'm disapointed
Let's go Sixers
I don't see what the big deal is. Academics? As an SU basketball player, the odds were against him graduating to begin with.
using your tip to kill it in foursquare this morning. #MallsRule haha
Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
haha! Wow Kyla's got a mean side!
Then lets all get off our butts and make sure he wins. I don't give up!
Just got to Art Bar for the after party and I've got lots of free drinks to give away!
good for you qiara.
that doesn't sound crazy at all. It sounds like a perfect environment to foster relationships!
Dunkin Donuts in the morning on school days :)
they need to make a reality show and put 20 beliebers in one house with only one computer to interact with justin THAT WOULD BE FUNNY OK
Wen you walk into the main office & fox 5 with their camera crew walks in.
Rum Diary! My favorite (besides Drive) movie of last year. But I'm biased bc I worship HST.
the problem is that the tweets u post are incoherent nonsense, thought F.N. Lights was great, but I cringe every time u tweet
My pop got hot fast
Are you following 's great tweets about the #LostColony? Fascinating!
Thank you TNT for putting a "regular speaking" Black Man in a bow tie with a professional job on TV! Leverage is a funny show! My new fav!
you won't do it!
some target mgr told me there was a limit of 4 coupons for same items. That's NOT in their online policy, is it? Making up their own rules
that's what they're hopping
Drake has the worst swag ever!
I am dead like Mark Priors arm chicagosportsanalogy#
LOL. So true! :) RT : In other words, the sales staff knows that I am a "big spender" or a "cheapskate"
I'd be even more excited to see Durant and west brook out for 2 weeks
If it is to be, it is up to me
#np Somewhere Only We Know / Pip.
Looking for someone to do your next music video? You can contact us at
Sure I can teach you. check me out at www.ronjacksonmusic.com
omg still going on.. STFU!!!
RT : Age does not determine maturity.(Truth)
I have udders, will you milk me?
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy steve-o
Finished a day-long series of meeting on a potential "data dashboard."
I just had to watch it again.... Ewwwww! We may need group therapy.
Just made lasagna s with fresh pasta:)
And of course nothing I do is good enough. Work all day, school all night. I don't even sleep anymore. And you're still not satisfied.
Skype to release video and voice calling app for PlayStation Vita mobile gaming device
there's nothing surgery can do when I break your little heart in two,
Good 12 hours of sleep, but I'm still groggy. I need to take a brisk shower to wake up for today's events. Oh, and medicate :) Spine HURTS.
Of course there are always exceptions and poor decisions by medical staff. A life or future should never be risked for sport
let us know if we can help
if you come to UK there will be no sitting on the bench. You be in the starting 5. Guaranteed!! Now bring home #9!
Take THAT North Carolina!
No, the other one.
Received word this morning that ICA was awarded $20K for capacity building from Thank you!
thanks for your awesome customer service! quick turnaround and exactly the response i was hoping for.
Just say no to negativity and impatience! End negativity, NOW!!
Girls that tan (;
Did you know the Children's Library offers "Finger Fun for Babies" twice a week? Join them on Wednesday's @ 10:30a and Thursday's at 4pm!
Sunday's are not for work
Absolutely wonderful home-going.
wanna come? ;) lol
Bitch idgaf about your relationship you've had like a bunch of fukin Facebook relationships soo uh stop tellin me cuz i dont care!
big thanks to , , , and dr. carl ellis for speaking yesterday at unplugged baltimore... i'm still full!
Annoying the french anagama are bacterial lasers remaining ...
Thank you! I am looking forward to perusing this!
word? Where at?
I had a NIGHTMARE that I couldn't attend for senior year. I woke up and realized I should probably sign up for the reunion.
what it do playboy?? Love the Premro joint!! Wanna know if we can collab again on some new heat?
Sitting here in Houston TX enjoying a real Diet Coke, that "Coca-Light" they serve in Columbia is too sweet!
I kinda miss talking to he has disappeared from my text messages, voxer, and timeline for a little while lol
Getting ready to watch
Taking risk ...
I LOVE the UK and the people there. I cant wait until I'm seeing fans from there in my mentions and in person <3 I think I could live there
The beginning of an acquaintance whether with persons or things is to get a definite outline of our ignorance.
I often wonder how one person can love something so much... and another not at all
I'm glad u didn't hash tag that
well if jas doesn't want to that's fine but I'm supposed to go to ball state Saturday to a party, so Friday for sure but
hi bethany, sorry for the delay complimentary scarf sent today. Business is off to great start i've been swamped.
she's got broken things where her heart should be.
I'm tweeting while driving. I'm soo cool :]
Which is more annoying, "apps" as short for "applications" or for "appetizers?"
Hokies are destroying Virginia! ACC Championship game! Here we come!
Absolutely overwhelmed that you can watch virtually all of the performances at Coachella. in full.
haha i didn't think so....gotta stop leaving your computer open matthew -danielle the mom
Dodge VAE49M #rottentomato Shall we be surprised so many assholes in #NJ run STOP signs? Second arse today!
Dude has an inconsistent curveball, so you advance him? What?
< when I sleep so well, my hair and makeup look good enough not to do anything to them in the morning.
2nd worst sleeping experience of my life, 1st being box city. Oh MRHS!
First day at Midwest Band and Orchestra convention!
Broken heart again??? Another lesson learned. Better know your friends. Or you will get burned!!!
GIVE GRATITUDE BECAUSE YOUR ATTITUDE DETERMINES YOUR LATITUDE
Stop sing dude
You know they will shoot it better against us.
The awkward moment when ur obsesses or really love or true fans of One Direction BUT u don't know nothing about them
Confirmed: Dr. Winslow Sargeant, Chief Counsel for , will speak (and mentor!!!) at Seattle. VERY cool.
ugh. Wish photoshop's type tools were built a little better.
Gaming is $100 billion market - obviously presenting huge opportunity for social sector... But how to do it effectively?
This afternoon's Studio Session with Good Old War has been cancelled due to illness.
One girl. One time. One chance. One night. Told her how i feel. Next second she was mine. ;)
The best ideas are the honest ones, born out of personal experience that originated to help a few, but that end up helping many.
ideal, yes! RT : providers, caregivers and patients to jointly make disease-specific FAQ lists
The only thing anyone should be calling Joel Ward is...CLUTCH!!!
September 4, 1993 - Jim Abbott pitches a 4-0 no-hitter over the Cleveland Indians at Yankee Stadium.
Regarding marriage: I don't care if the couple is gay or straight... all I want is an open bar and some hot bride's maids (female).
Yahoo! Thanks so much for the updates.
Uh oh, site was down for 20 minutes. By my estimation, the host should owe me about $0.0005 in ad revenue.
Editing ... I LOVE you so...
You come at the king, you best not miss. - Omar Little
i don't believe plants are drugs :)
Can't watch the notebook today. It'll just make me cry and make me want him even more :(.
You're currently @ Twitter Follower Odyssey 2001 (:
Good morning everyone, have a lovely Saturday!
FDA approves Afinitor for non-cancerous kidney tumors caused by rare genetic disease
And a happy Tuesday to you.
thanks Jess. It's an honor!
my kind of record
": #FF fetish - "- Thank you for the RT love, here in Miami representing!!! Ha. Xoxo
I worked at Shock Trauma last year n' produced training video for troops; simulation in Ft. Detrick very life-like
#ARTSDAYLA Deputy Briefing! Great way to start the day.
THE HAND THAT ROCKS THE CRADLE
I like your style, sir -- Thanks for sharing the calendar!
hi everyone. I'm new to twiiter, but familar with everyone movie star and musician. Follow me on twiiter Much love to the ladies!
M...Campbells tomato bisque is the best.
Finally joined the world of twiitter ... woot woot, my first tweet; working hard to make sure moves forward.
just landed a role in an independant film!!! Congratulations!!!!
It's just so overwhelming!
"To oppose the nafs is the essence of all worship and the pinnacle of all strife." -Sh. 'Ali al-Hujwiri [via Kashf al-Mahjub]
Needed last night. Do not need how I feel this morning.
same shit bored as hell but my eyes are getting sleepy lol
Ahahah of I will I'll takes pictures for u
His fingers are nastttttay.
MOOGing it up this morning.
I hate when Beiber fans say we're 'haters'. By Haters do you mean "An Older Generation That Remembers What Good Music Sounds Like"..?
Girl: My boyfriend doesn't text me anymore! Me: Please, I still have to buy tickets just to see my boyfriend.
Glad you're going back bud! I just recovered from the cold/flu. Really bad one this year! Learn motor cycle racing yet?
Lunch just made my day, s/o to HGHS for being such instigators <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
And the award for the newest heartthrob of country music officially goes to ! She is absolutely stunning! ; )
damn cold and lonely! :(
RT : Happy 110th birthday to Frank Zamboni, who left us in 1988 but still resurfaces periodically.
Had a good time with the homies last night.. shoutouts to #MalBoi #RocDiddie & #BryanDaBarberLopez!! it ain't nuin but some money
Also Philosopher Bernard Stielger speaks on "Education as the Development of Attentional Forms" Friday 3 PM ATEC conf room via
is heading to #SXSW.! Look us up if you're planning to be there. We'd love to meet.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!! Join us from 4-6pm on the plaza in front of Ellicott City Station. Choo Choo Blue will be handing out treats!
That's funny.
Dont miss the chance to grab $99 ALL-INCLUSIVE tickets to , only a handful remain w/ promo code: BigNightRocks.
I realize it's a chain, but the Chili's in Wakefield, MA is consistently really good.
My nap >
Anyone commuting back & forth between CLE and CBUS for both days of #thatcamp? If so, DM us. We might have an errand (and reward) for you.
EVERYONE FOLLOW SHE IS CLOSE TO 1K!!!!
Sorry don't u know what is AVLL? i just saw this on Trends and if u know can u say what's it
Howd you finish in that tournament?
It seems that we all agree that the first step to change is educating and empowering your staff. That bleeds to your customers
getting a turkey dinner for
the hard thing is getting others to realize. Glad I'm not alone.
"Ignorance can work in your favor"
they are commonly called "blinckers because they "blink" (who'd guess?) To signal a movement to other drivers.
Congratas ;you just become our 1300th follower! Please email re: your tickets!
I watched the second showing of #MadMen last night, so I missed much of the conversation, but this episode infuriated me. Anyone else?
Mixing and mingling at the community mixer this afternoon with our new City Councilman due to the redistricting. Change is good!
Thank you for the RT! Hope you enjoyed the article :-)
You're welcome! We are new to the Twitter space, but you looked like an awesome follow.
i fuckin hate my ex!!! :/ ughh grow the fuck up...
goodnight love :) <3
hi friend how are you all
I'm about to kill someone. Just no.
“: If Ben Roethlisberger plays the 2nd half, it'll be the most amazing thing that's happened since he avoided jail time...”.
And yet, I STILL want to put my hand out, just to see for myself...
Watching Friday After Next lol Too funny still
#getit also, we're due for a visit soon. Your city or mine?
Dang it. Had to spend 99 cents in because they got a special edition BOO. I never make in-app purchases.
OKC feeling the flames!!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> Amazing voice!You raise me up
Any gardeners out there? What’s the best, environmentally safe, way to get rid of aphids? Trying to reclaim my late dad’s rose garden.
DID YOU WATCH IT YET
Lots of fun this week but we are ending it sick - boo :(
It's snowing in Omaha! Maybe we'll see a flake or two in DSM! Hooray winter!
Eric Cooper scored 20 points and Cameron Osorno 17. Freshman Tyler Dorsey scored 28 points
Open sesame. Booze train pulling into Polskaville 9am.
im pretty sure ive never made a gif naked sweetie.
so u u dnt represent myne ?
Watching the KU vs UK game and I must admit I do kinda miss the college basketball atmosphere. Damn Lockout.
Dude, Aidan called BOTH of those saves... he knows America better than I do lol
Eighty percent of married men cheat in America. The rest cheat in Europe.
u'll always lose from me *grins*
RT : HEY GIRL... hows it growing in Chicago gardenland? <-- busy busy! And awesome!
insane pace in 1st period. Will it continue in 2 and 3? “: After one we are still scoreless! #Caps and #NYR #StanleyCup”
Thanks for the RTs! If you're near Alverno today, stop by, get some treats and say hi!
Wow!! That was amazing!!
thanks for attending! We hope you get some use out of them.
yes, it's a tough balance because traditionally an artist is paid for every play (radio, etc). But the times they are a changing.
WE BACK!!! LIKE WE LIVE IN THIS B*TCH!! STARBOY STUDIOS THE BEST IN STUDIO RECORDING BOOK NOW!! (305)627-3216
We really love being on Hawthorne. Great people down here.
Nickelodeon VS. Disney Channel ...AAAHHHHH!!! I couldnt choose one over the other :(
you should be ashamed of yourself.
1 in 20 of the world's 285M visually impaired got that way as a result diabetic retinopathy? Glad to help
We don't know her, but we can attest to the fact that she takes a GREAT picture.
thanks you for your kind words, we appreciate it. We do open for lunch on Fri, Sat and Sun.
i know i know and i'm not wearing a seatbeLt so if the car stops fast i can die im scared D;
Gearing up for the #nuggets #mavericks game tonight. late start tonight folks check the time
just be sure to use your powers for good :)
DO IT PLEASE
YAY!!! my Sis is on the phone. back in min. Have to wish her a happy moms day....I am an Aunt afer all. :D
Yes, I devoured a dictionary for dinner today. It was splendid.
Is escalating its exposé of pburg police? Police refuse to comment or call back so 8news puts email addresses on TV?
lmao come out here this weekend fam
Made a paper airplane out of a funeral announcement.
im currently cringing at my computer..
lol how many people have to say something to make it trend????
Doug Melvin just made an appearance at the game.
Absolutely! Any time :)
awesome! Didn't want to ruin the surprise. ;)
Dnt be actn shy up in dis room like I make you nervous
Yep, thats my bf for ya RT "Run fast, so you don't get beat by a girl"
The number one "babe" on TV! Do you really think we can get this guy off the air? Would be huge blow to the rw noise machine.
this guy has the biggest fanny pack I have ever seen.
I love you ! If you not follow me , i wanna die!!
thanks for an AMAZING dinner ! We will definitely be back!
How can we not only improve education, but also hack the way we learn?
I'd be happy to feature them!
Sean Putman, thanks for the great chat!
could be 4 and 6:30, but not positive. Will get you definite answer.
Trust in yourself, and the rest will come together
yikes - frost!
#ExcusesToDrink - 'bout dern time this was a trend on twitter. My answer: just cuz!
The genealogical method gets a bit unwieldy when your research effectively covers multiple field sites across large distances.
You see right through me, RT Tease...
thanks for the great shout out!
great tutorial!
Visiting the Arsenal Tech High School Collision Repair classes today!
maybe should add some G+ integration stat
The trolls are out in force today.
its unfortunate but slow golf is ruining the game at all levels. or maybe i am just jealous bc i still dont have a hole in one
you and me both! :)
TONIGHT AT LOTUS NIGHTCLUB - $5 U-Call-It ALL NIGHT to celebrate Brian's FIVE YEAR ANNIVERSARY as the owner of Lotus Nightclub!!!
I be im ma own lane.. and only be wit one crew!
But as the song says---> Day by Day...Day by Day
is wondering what would I tell my younger self?
I've experienced it myself - sometimes by men, but as often by women. There are a lot of callous and ugly people in the world.
You have a great product, but how about markdown preview like byword does?
down! What day?
Adore this ": When something happens to disrupt my peaceful, easy flow, I bless it with love #affirmation"
Dear whoever is reading this, I hope you know that you're never alone, and that somebody out there loves you more than you will ever know.
I favor bringing back quartering of these interpreters!
thank you so much!
how long till the same as wisconsin happens here in San Diego due to mismanagement of city?
She sounded OK. Didn't really dig the dress - had a bad prom dress vibe.
thank you boo! I'm such a nervous wreck. But I'm going to do my best!
you don't piss me off. bahaha. MERP does.
Thank you. Read your article on the $700 Hyperdunks. Sick shoes.
lmao . entertainment of the Night ! ahahaha
.DiabAdvAlliance said: HBO documentary on obesity was excellent last night.
the last time you shared something like this it was spam.
Hey my fav place!! is in ACY also!!
that akward moment when u here whip ur hair by willow smith comes on and bald people are in the room
Oh, dear God, shut it! I woke up cold alone and at 4am. The world will crush you, young man.
Finally saw #FriendsWithKids! was wonderful! Exactly the kind of film I'll make someday. Thx for seeing it w/ me !
RIP Junior Seau
Roy williams front row for boo williams vs team united. Troy Will is a wanted man. Coach capel front row for jabari parker
if they do release they'll be pretty hard to get...
Ron Paul showing his foreign policy deficiency and dangerous thinking! All you need is one nuclear weapon.
Join me Thursday night @ Tongue and Groove for my Birthday Celebration hosted by Armada FM!! Will be a great night, contact me for more info
Are you participating in Race For the Cure tomorrow?
Equity futures are moving higher Friday ahead of key trade balance and consumer sentiment data. And interest rates are moving higher too.
WOW! Happy Mother's Day. Can't forget about the single fathers out there.
C'est vrai! No one stares like a tuxedo.
I think ima have to unds something today..
Time for some gorgeous, uplifting spirituals in honor of Black History Month! We bring it to you tonight, Chicago.
Fresh notebook paper is both exciting and frustrating-wish I had a vintage typewriter, though...
Thanks for the RT and for the article opp!
I'll kill you if I find out you watchin some other movies bitch , press my buttons baby , press my fuckin buttons baby - Tyler the creator
The sky is pretty mad
yeah for sure. Ben's got a great sense for movement within and outside the frame.
Wow. Watching Rat colonoscopy at #TEDMED. Uses of drugs we already have. Epilepsy drug used for inflammatory bowel data =Revolution.
Slow-running Dunn in LF? I don't understand baseball. Realize he hits better than Dayan, & we gotta have #14 on 1B, but still.
The art of love... is largely the art of persistence.
congratulations just heard you and baby Dunn are home and well :)
dude, you gotta respect Slow Hand. Yardbirds, Cream, The John Lennon Dirty Mac band etc...
NOW, cause of #Rubin, can I get a #BOOM ?
what is happening my friends? How is the #LSJ coming along?
RT : Emery on Hardin: "He's hard to miss."
RT : So glad my won tonight. As said, "Great teams find a way to win ugly games!!"
Hossa may be dead.
If a conference doesn't feature humor, don't go.
Indeed. Parents! #LifeLong learning / teaching / mentorship.
Endorsement process for us sen under way at
We are a nation of laws and precedence but we are also a nation of human rights and equality. Inalienable rights. Right?
Let's just talk by phone? The syllabus is in serious flux as I'm tweaking it on the fly. They know them some vidgames, though.
just saw your video next 2 you and So amazing!!!!
Thanks :) I'm ready, just nervous.
people who say yolo & hyfr, and are serious... stfu.
Free header, not good...
Work work work can't wait til our vacation !
You and Toney take it easy on my Heat tomorrow!!
I'm from New York. Hbu? & cool. I've been a janet fan since I was 3yo & a MJ fan since I was 10yo. I'm 18 now. how old r u?
Solid choice.
My new red hair looks even more amazing with green eye makeup. Being a girl is totes bomb.
"My work is to invent, to imagine solutions to big problems"- Jay Walker
I'm officially on vacation! This time tomorrow well be headed for 7 mile beach in Negril!
RT If people winked in real life as much as they do in text messages this world would be a pretty creepy place.
51 articles in my Literature Matrix for my independent study with at least another 18 to go by Wed.
yo Jude, I'm downtown LA tomorrow, don't know what time you are working etc??
Michelle! She is adorable! Soda day is so special :) Love it.
NP: Gram Parson, Grievous Angel
I am such a sucker for this show, Undercover Boss. I hardly ever watch TV while at work but I can't look away from this!
Demi Lovato does not have a tumblr. She's barely on twitter anymore. What gives people the idea that she has the time to have a blog?
He said innards... Who says that??! Lol
FEMA won't help Oregon residents with damaged homes from winter storms
RT : Great innovations should not be forced on slender majorities. ~Thomas Jefferson
my first gig was at an idealab in 98. Happy to hear the culture continues to thrive.
“: Everyone Here Misses !!”
I'm gonna start crying. I just know it. Goddamnitsonofabitch.
#SINCITY Dubai Friday Ladies free all night
DONT FORGET...HAVE GREAT NEWS FOR U!!!!!
Go Professional Or Go Home!!!! MusicalStop.com
Follow my colleagues #Tweets from the : & Loving your photos!!!
:( screw this year already.. im single now but really really hurt.
Watching boy meets world
"Success is dependent on effort."- Sophocles
HELLO ! #Creative should be Onward Search's middle name. Talk soon!
Does anyone know what is removed from butter to make it clarified?
: San Diego today. Can't wait to do the radio show tonight. Let's ROCK!! X
Now im fina be up bored.
you comin over.?
I started singing boyfriend in math class then my 68 year old teacher started singing it too! :D
can this week just be over?
Featured glee clubs today: The CAPA Concert Choir and Mt. Lebanon. Any singers out there following us? We're glad to have you!
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again, this time more wisely. Anonymous
Delightful breakfast with the maestro of wit, this morning.
:P it's sad to see a good friend ruin their life by making bad decision like chooseing the wrong guys and other stuff :( i miss my bestie
I like a lot of those, but Out of Sheer Rage easily the most. DHL not really a pre-req.
Hi - thanks for following Better WIne Guide, now following you too. Awesome website, & I love that you support live music!
Fully agree w you. Good to see tonight
hard to disagree. At least she should park in the #employeeOfTheMonth space
you and Cory look cute as a couple of buttons in your prom photos!
#DONTTEXTANDDRIVE This Morning My Brothers Girlfriends Friend Died :/ from texting and driving she wasnt wearing a seat belt.
purple rain is either the sweetest or most ridiculous movie we have ever seen
Doesn't feel like a Friday with all this work I gotta do
Misery becomes me, as she sips her shades of black from a glass. While fingering ash, her eyes are mine at last. I will become her, & I do.
could it be that it was a "non-binding" primary? Maybe they felt it would be a waste of time.
some people actually work hard n school. Pay their own way, study, learn some shit, grow personally. They should celebrate.
Shittt i been puting may 3rd on all my papers today lmfao i never know what date it is
great point. Full disclosure, I had to google Blake shelton.
wouldn't want to fall behind Iran, now, would we?
Everyone's w/ their boyfriends, wtf does that leave me? Lol
my country is the world...and my religion is to do good. - Thomas Paine
i just saw Katy Perry's: E.T on vh1 jumpstart....wow congradulatons :D <3
alot of people heard of me but how many really seen dude
how you gonna fix...
Thank you very much! ~PK
Here We Go : Trina
oh keepstream looks good!
“ “ I hate when my parents dont answer their phones but when I dont its WW3 with amber alerts & milk cartons””
that's really good I'm just saying its sad Morgan didn't know is all
Every time!!!!! Ugh stupid train
That red berry ciroc is always in my favor. I love it.
Either that or Domo as "Young Gunshot".
Teach shareholders that it's ok to connect to ppl you meet at events. Also make sure their profiles are mostly filled out.
hey Flora said call her
but we're still Super Bowl Champs!!
I just want to clarify that I DID NOT do this psa with Bristol Palina And the "Situation." They asked us to work on it, but I declined....
Tampico nasty as fuck! It's straight up sugar & water.
heck yeah!!!! You didn't know?! It will be released tomorrow at noon I believe with the music video! :) Gahhh, so excited ! :)))
": thanks" Welcome
I like almost all the girls, but i'm voting for Skylar, Shannon, and Jen.
Members Card Nationals ML -120 (20 units)
RT : You need to have one metric that your entire team is focused on. Clarifies the team and helps you focus.
Okay: power, wifi, and seven feet of legroom. Once I've got a cup of coffee, my inflight productivity ensemble will be complete.
well I may have to start watching it. Is it in netflixs?
My nickname in high school was ZiL. And Zeus is really Suse backwards. Maybe we are long lost cousins?
#kobe should have drafed him for the squad
it won't be a stunner when artest hits rock bottom. He doesn't have the pedigree
My new icon is credits to (:
I'm across the pond and not in London but can imagine how one can't look at the day Capello resigned and our form and draw conc.
My mom and her boy friend=Annoying a'f
CDPII has helped to establish 16 cooperatives in Paraguay.
Really like how MillerCoors in Miller64 rebranding message integrated stories of the "balanced lifestyle" of the everyday man/woman.
Relatively painless I hope.
because pancakes and music are way better than studying. I am also procrastinating, nice to know im not alone... haha
the good ones always get snatched up ;)
Having trouble picking a side on contract issue between and Sounds like 2 greedy companies fighting over a $ to me.
Phil Homotowski B-day party at Pub tonight $5 TALL smirnoff dranks $2 Miller btls, $3 Powers & $3.50 cherry bombs till X. GO IRISH FEST!
There are two kinds of failures: Those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
Disturbing news re: diabetes. When was the last time you had your lipids checked?
Day 3 of moving. Can't wait for my place to finally be put together. I made some oatmeal and realized I didn't know where a spoon was. :/
Happy Weekend! Salute
Why am I reading every status like it's a Dr. Seuss poem today? Why am I doing this, Why - I must say...
whoops that would be las* canciones
Get a kiss from Outwrite tonight. Dbl Punch Drink: Strawberry Kissed Mocha. Remember, almost everything is 50% OFF tonight. open 4U til 11!
totally crushing on him... :p
Sad to see the news about Hillman Curtis. While I hadn't followed him much lately, he was a big inspiration in my early design years. RIP.
- My count: 5 Gold, 3 Silver, and 8 Bronze for SD County Brewers, Can you confirm?
Thank you for coming in tonight for restaurant week! Sorry about the rain!!
We are having a great week here, taking the techs to a 3 hour class tonight. Invest in your employees and your business and watch it grow
Good luck to playing #wsopc Ring Event #6 today!
I love Betty episodes.
Off to the new house to paint and all of the other stuff.
For both faculty and students as we move into the new model. "honor the fear and do it anyway." Challenging but great statement.
*frowns* I'm sorry, baby. I'm very good, thank you. About to head into the office.
When I cry I feel like I'm showing I'm weak..
#whiskey or #vodka?
I'm slowly but surely increasing my collection. Big game coming up Friday in Durham.
No Sah da pain yah a deal wid me a way a good massage is really needed
RT : "there's enough data in the world to say anything you want." have to find the interpretation that makes sense - Amanda Cox
We need a picture of this puppy!
not my fault !
They were quite tasty too. TIE Fighters and X-Wing not pictured.
Thanks for the retweet!!
Ok so what do I do in Houston?
": #ItSeemsLike at this point, moving on is what I have to do."
You are on a late night tweeting tear.
Hello! What was that website you were talking about? The beauty one...
#ScumbagForPresident cause he's the hood Tony Stark.
Grt seeing everyone! RT : Thrilled to share #NBCCSummit w/
:) keep working !
Heading to my third round of useless Botox. :-(
she just bought the house!!! wonder why she is selling it already....
One undergrad was so happy she didn't have to 'surf the web all day' to get the information she needed. It was all in a single reference!
nope. all you, david. you're the one complaining.
#realtalk I have the up most respect 4 in the world thank u for opening my eyes up to what's happenin in the world today I<3U!
Back in business and isn't it grand. Let the good times roll.
Hard to believe it has been 10 years.
The boyz did a lot better on that song.....just saying.
Had the best #corndog in #Disneyland this week. Is it weird I can't stop thinking about it?
Oh!! Thank you so much! I know you are going to enjoy it. Just remember, Jasmine is not crazy. She's in love.
what up fam!? U learning the twitter deal... It took me like 2 months when I started Twitter! Haha what's good....
If you were a sauce.... you'd be
Toughie? Maybe. But nothing you can't handle, Stephen. We're sending positive brain wave goodness your way.
Today is my last day of school!!! Im going to my 5th grade graduation today!!!
I guess so
naw I'm not
Guys, I really try to not cuss, cause' its bad, and austin doesn't.. but, its hard!
OH: "If someone doesn't shoot a crossbow into Eli Manning's neck I'm going to be very disappointed."
Good Morning everyone! Hope you enjoyed your weekend and the #superbowl!
Yep... my moms singing I'm so proud of you lol
I haven't napped at all this week! That's a huge accomplishment. Rewarding myself with a nap.
huge baby!!!
didn't know this was even on the table - hopefully dean will send y'all something soon. you support his idea?
wtf how did the fresh prince of bel-air pop up on my pandora? this is Wiz Khalifa radio...
Rick Rubin as "reducer," not "producer" -?uestlove
This sounds right up my alley! Where can I get details for this?
on a RANDOM note....i love,love the name ELiza:) jus saying...
Please - how can one be a receptionist/paralegal? Completely different mind focus.
Jake just got the nastiest apple!!!!
microphones, but no webcams. Should be able to get some though. How many and when and what for?
Tara Donovan is installing today! Off to sneak a peek. Just another day at work...
John Ritter...the man, the legend
MT : 1st woman 2 win IA straw poll. Regardless of her #politics, she's breaking barriers for women.
You are who you are when no one is looking.
The #Browns signed some guy named Frostee today. Can I get a cheeseburger and fries to go with that?
Just posted tips on using social networking to promote your blog. Let me know if you have others. kubrickspick.org
my mam said to me today "are you indie?" lolololol
is celebrating with at the annual #allschoolreception, great night
So just got off the game and I think I did good today #mykdisgettingbetter yes
Heading to CT to get my dumb license renewed
Love my sis !
Or parents expecting a post-natal existential crisis?! Maybe these "learning" machines know something we don't...
I didn't care until this fool wouldn't shut his mouth. I'm glad that dick is taking the national beating he deserves.
Just saw the new Shrek. Am I the only one who doesn't care for 3D?
well ya, He has pneumonia so he can't go to Afghanistan on friday! But he has to go in September!
maybe they changed Hershy's has changed. E was so upset and I felt bad for him. I told him I would get SAFE chocolate to use : (
RT : I've noticed the lack of twitter buzz for #NMSA2011. This is the first time ..me too. I was wondering the same?
I pride myself on my geekdom, however the table at the Tea Smith reading Harry Potter in Latin is taking it to a whole new level.
… would it hurt to make the English paper more memorable to write? (3 of 3)
Thanks for RTs and mentions
Unless you're Jack Lemmon or Cary Grant, there are few guys who can do comedy and drama
#Malmont, The Astounding, the Amazing, & the Unknown. Golden Age SF writers in WWII, loosely historical. Great idea; deserves a better novel
#JPMORGAN looted #JaimeDimon is stupid because Banks' money is in pockets of RogueFEDS get in ur company on falsepretense and rob
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
my attempts to get Alex to follow me are failing...</3
Recently learned my remote IT coworker is bald. This means 3 out of 4 of my last IT coworkers were bald. Coincidence? Or industry trend? Ha
love love love this!! Xx
#mcdonnell Obama's Hope & Change to Divisiveness & Malaise
hey Jada! Its me, Becca, from mjrr744 on YouTube. Just to let u know, I followed u! -B
Instead of Windex. Take a mayo jar. Clean it out. Fill it with vanilla pudding. Go to the park. Pull it out of your backpack and eat it.
The blackberry storm may be better than the Iphone4S. Can't get Internet access on your fake 4G network.
"It was a tragic death; she bounced too hard and was catapulted into the ceiling. LMFAO claims *another* victim."
Dam just realized you wrote this! Hope sent you around to visit each!
ohh okay thank you
Another 50 degree day in Columbus, and it's friday!
Pretty good, moved around a lot... glad to see you're still in music - I like "Loud Enough"!
...and then forgets it while he takes a big fat breath for the next line...
Health Care Reform was signed into law one year ago today. Still waiting for the fire and brimstone? So are we.
ugh mom, how many times do I have to explain? your credit card: it's not a limit, it's a target...now gimme!
Happy New Year. Make your dreams come true in 2012. It's up to you.
same to u
Cano's swing is the sweetest in the game. When he gets in a roll, watch out.
People Taking Me as a joke !
kick some a#! tomorrow...
no I wasn't I was so tired n sleepy. But I'll watch the recaps
It's 90+ degrees outside. That's too much for right now. That needs to come back around early June when I don't have school or homework.
I use my computer QT : naw for the Xbox 360
I'm looking for an experienced Foreclosure Specialist to join our team. Have experience? Know someone? Reach out to me directly!
Its a beautiful day .
www.vipbox.tv/watch/36201/1/the-brits-red-carpet-live-live-stream-online.html
Wait, my job has it's own Gossip Girl... Just got an email with some news signed "you know you love me..." Corporate life ain't too bad.
loved APG's Professional Management Conference today. Great way to kick off #FGS2010. Still no tweeting allowed during sessions this year.
Lovely seeing my dear friends & our non-twitter friends for the shower!
they'll be no sunlight if i lose you baby <3
@ u know ya boi be riding dat wave owwwww
your iPhone skin fell of my phone . IM SUPER GLUING IT NOW ! Yep I said SUPER GLUE ! Hope I don't get in trouble !
DO YOU THINK JAY Z WOULD DO A MIXTAPE AT THIS POINT IN HIS CAREER?
NU 10 DEEP 4 DA Gs & DA DIMES DON"T GET UR SIGNALS CROSS THERE"S THEM THEN THERE"S US WE GOT U & WE KEEP AZ SEXXY haha Page Themes
I see the number 123 everywhere.. ._. Which is the bus number my crush rides... ._. c:
Hey guys just so you know Rachel Korine does NOT have a twitter. Shes on Springbreakers with me! She's lovely! Just letting y'all know!
"Now More Than Ever, We Must Fight For A Future Worthy Of Our Past..."
Excellent recipe! I'm looking forward to trying it.
Ms. Drag World.
Trey ward
"Seduction" bread from is SO good. It's like eating birdseed...in a good way.
There is no book that has the story of how and why the "tassel" was created. To fix this, I need to write a book.
Whoa are you flying into Hutch? Or Wichita? That's gonna be one small plane and one bumpy ride.
if demi is fat and ugly, then i want to be fat and ugly just like her.
Either someone has a quirky sense of humor or they did a clueless search for titles including the word "thanks."
Washing my hair later scared haha my hair wavys is banging (:
I love how you tweet about the show while it's airing it makes it so much more funny
I'm glad somebody feel me big bro!
Man, that was exciting. I grew up listening to souls of mischief. They were all real nice dudes.
your welcome
Smart move!
Faulk Holt and Smith all work for NFL Network
's twitter game = lacking
Enjoy paintballing deals with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
80% of a successful CRM imp. is the planning and understanding the goals and requirements. You fail if you lack this knowledge.
yep I had one major flare then a smaller one yr later ER doc said ms maybe not my neuro or reg doc so had mri
it's closely related to the gov approach of: "i like this new tool, let's use it to produce/distribute our old products"
Doc Rivers on KG first 3 quarters: "Nothing was wrong with him. We didn't go to him."
LETS GO BREWERS!
oh and of course your music. #9lives is so great. :)
I wish I could remember the name of the tool, but they sell something that has a level with a push holepunch in the middle.
#HowLongCanIKeepThisUpFriday? A good while longer.
New icon <333 MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE.
Wah no one to text :/
Yes[: I Am Happy For Demm' Just Means Now, Justin Bieber , AND Austin Mahone Are Not Singlllee :/ Haha.
Ugh I have to study for this stupid test week -.- no I don't want to I'm to lazy ahh
you'll be happy to know I finally found a seat, just in time. Not sure about my sweet husband...
thanks! Psyched to see on the list for Best Innovation by a University/College! cc:
Our current Spring break deal is 20% of at The Taco Shop. Upcoming offers include 65% Off at UTan and 50% Off at Mad Dog.
I've been Moving too fast.
oh yeah you know it lol..... but what did you eat today?
Getting ready for the webinar on how to build a perfect business listing.
State Sen. Royce West discusses importance of health care access at reception honoring local legislators at Methodist Dallas Med Ctr....
LSU and ole who?
Liberal bias again. Dad would not be proud.
no i dont but i think i know the person who does
I really go through spurts of cravin to watch the family man. Idk why!!!!
My chart is actually plotting versions of IE ;-)
sorry I'm a real athlete and want to have practice everyday
You must trust what is unique or different about yourself, even if it is odd or unpopular.
man you one the best defensive players !!! im a not a giants fan but i like watching ya !
Climate Change been going on 4 millions of years. Antarctica was tropical & it started icing up Lib Dinos cried Global Cooling!
Having a great time with the hamilton people and everyone else in two rivers
I just thought i'd save my dad the trouble of being even more rude & just go away so he can watch the game.
Bye ft Myers. See you this summer.... But now I'm finally headed back home!!!
I'm in the 2nd group and we start at 8:30.
Lack of male SLPs very interesting topic, especially since most caseloads are male-heavy. Tweet a link to the blog post!
Good luck! i believe you can win!
Not sure if Johnny V paid last year, but does Mario Gutierrez owe Calvin Borel rent since Calvin owns the #KYDerby Winner's Circle?
: that 3rd down play was PI & why did the terps down that punt while it was still rolling?
Time to have fun at mad planet! Seeing
Busy day: MDSW/lots of yarn bought, roast lamb dinner cooked, and 2 pans of blondies baked. Now for wine.
I won't! Thank you Chelcey! :)
Here are some of our top picks for the best quotes of all time on war:
Nobody to go to the dance with tomorrow O-O Like always.
In The Loop, one of the sharpest political satires in recent years, is now on Netflix Instant.
"When you have a crisis, you acknowledge the problem. You want to be Tylenol, not Toyota." - Suits
me too, this sucks!
Watching SNL while attempting to describe Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs in a persuasive paper is a difficult task, omg.
i smell food, im hungry. but im not leaving this computer until says hes creeping!!! :D ..and maybe reply.. ;)
Were you in Chapel Hill the morning after Bush beat Kerry? I've never seen a place so sad.
#Heat aren't winning SHIT this year - at least 5 teams as good or better right now with the playoffs around the corner...
I didn't win the big one but got my money back in small wins. I call that a success.
Just witnessed terrible cus svc by gaterep. He was down right mean to a woman and child. Made her cry. Other agnts on cellphones
Interesting & a bit sad... but I agree about the education draining creativity. How do we start creating again?
We would have the sexiest/tastiest kids! Let's bang.
because he got some crazy ass fans that would kill anyone that hurts him
LOL RT : Jets got Tebow?!?!? Oh how Page 6 must be salivating... we may not win the SB, but our QB's are cuter than yours...
why are you not providing answers?
For Andrew Young's films on Civil Rights, their impact is that you can't tell young people about the movement you have to show them.
“: I've decided to be living proof that God is a a Raiders fan! Oh yeah!!!!! Prove it to the world!!!!
Thanx:) Liked your tweet about sex:)
is here every Thursday teaching youth & adult classes in hip hop, breakdance and more!
Lol def did not mean to start both of those tweets with "I just" Ops! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
"Never talk defeat. Use words like hope, belief, faith, victory." -- Norman Vincent Peale
"The World is Yours"/fuck that mean when my flows outta space
It's a wonderful day to sing Mr. Rogers songs to your neighbor or you can come sing them to us down at Credo. ^jl
Hey, thanks for the retweet ;)
I don't understand why God takes the ones he does.. But it's for a reason, and all part of his plan.
RT Facebook is down. What am I supposed to do now, read a book? Life is so hard.
- Is there an "Irrelevant" flower?
An Educated Hillbilly is a dangerous "thang"!!!
I miss
what do you gals have planned?
Buyer's remorse and excessive hunger are two feelings that I am experiencing for pretty much the first time.
I kno my baby got a lil cold now
RT : #Cisco #Cloud Video in Education – What the Research Says and How Educators Can Prepare for the Future: Schools,......
what's wrong my love?
haven't tried it myself. but hear it gets LARGE props. based on work by and -used to load a billion triples
Con't - it all started with the scrubbed moon missions after Apollo 17. Now we pay for that mistake. We will watch everyone surpass us.
thanks for sharing Alex:)
I know, When I become President campus held speeches will be open to the student body!
Joaquin got that "eating rich foods in the Riveria fat". Kilmer got that "eating too much stuff crust pizza" fat.
Just saw the preview for the next teen mom season and I hope that police call didnt say someone killed themselves
hope you had a good weekend.
thanks for always listening! :)
Some weird guy just unfollowed me because I wouldn't follow him back. Sorry but I'm gonna help your "rap career."
say what say what say what , girl you know whats up
Reputation for g's
Playoffs!!! What a great season for the !
What? Is that snow??
Never gonna heard the end of being followed by Rieckers.
I have DREAMS of applying numbing cream to ur body then just throwing u against the wall. So u wanna follow me back or....
Ha! Still a great song, and the melody is super catchy.
That makes sense, the next time a unwanted tweet comes through I'll know what to do. They are an unwelcome intrusion. Thanks. (:
incredible! wins James Beard Award. It's been a while since his days of mixing coca cola and milk. richly deserved by Tony and crew.
RT : Join us May 3rd for the #borntoosoon global twitterchat relay from 9-4 EDT. It is going to be full of amazing info and...
Watching boys try to play softball. Haha and
where are you? Still at airport?
you make it seem like this is something new for you
I guess I am using this again. Apologies in advance for the slew of karaoke nonsense I will put forth.
to follow you you have to accept a request
Everyone please follow He is new to twitter and is one that made my #R2D2 beanie from 's book.
100% FOLLOW BACK :)
I'm good haha how are you
The increasing frequency of these attacks is kind of alarming.
That just sounds like a bunch of cooked books trickery to carry out Autism Spectrum discrimination
spring in the "GR8 White North" must b kinda boring? No hockey and just the Blue jays baseball! Lol
INDIANA GETS IT WRONG $13 Million verdict cut to $1.25 million for plaintiff! Call your state rep about caps on damages....
So, the fact that he's a UK fan is why those things don't surprise you?
Good morning everyone
I'm so mad u didn't. I retweeted just for u!
Don't forget to stop by the Mothers Day Plant Sale going on today and tomorrow!
This show is Bananas... OTC... I'm on the edge of my seat Kerry Get'em Girl I'm totally blow away.
hope you've been well
Congrats on the job interview, We're fans of Karmaloop. If you need help finding an apartment in the city let us know!
You are the best! RT : Thank you for all you do. We love to help!
Indeed.But what u r rly covering is the use of portrayals of the future in political contests, not 'fact checking' the future
See you soon!
“: YES!!!!” When are you typing these?? I'm sitting right here and you haven't touched your phone.
BET mess movies up with these weak voice overs. Smh
Hey Cori, I remember you:) You and your family are very sweet:)
my doctor wanted to refer me to someone saying 'she's not very good but she's cheap.' uhh... no thx.
#NOLA we need a community defense fund started.Cause you know one of us is gonna smack the ever loving shit outta Goodell.
good morning heather, happy wednesday to you
damn no one reps the slo eh?
I love you for who you were, who you are & who you always will be.
are pointless
Josh Hamilton is a monster, 3 home runs tonight, the Rangers line up is dangerous top to bottom
I just moved to Batlimore from Virginia and you're crushing me, governor. I just don't get it.
hunger games?? Haha
Sun is coming up over the farm...doesn't get much better than this!
Missouri is actually Native American for "he who not knows how to draft"
Pacers-94 Heat-75!!!! Pacers in game 3! Up 2-1 lead. Dont celebrate to much though pacer fans we still got more games to play!! GO PACERS :)
These were great! I really want to see now please!
filming again this weekend for my LOVELY DAY video. Hope to get filming done so it can be edited and released next week some time.
the only people you need in your life are the ones who need you in theirs.
Ha, it's never raided my address book. I find it quite useful!
Obama is giving $1.5 BILLION to Muslim Brotherhood, which has declared it wants to destroy Israel!!
RT "The only time U must look down on another person, is when you’re picking them up."
LOL! I just thought it was odd
really needs to give the #Aubtourage those songs from All About Aubrey
I'm just striping to get thru my online college classes.
follow back? (:
i agree add me to that list
I just pivoted to district in soma. Meet me there.
Might as well look cute while sitting by the pool right?
My birthday present from >>>>>>>
same here....damn you, skinny girls ;)
Here comes hydro. Lying about how "good" he is at basketball.
Tattoo appointment available on fri afternoon...pop in the shop if interested
Yea us whoopin y'all ass as usual! RT : we got yall game 1 of the season... It's ass whoopin time already... Lol
" Do unto others 20% better than you would expect them to do unto you, to correct for subjective error.~~~~Linus Pauling
Loved my candle speech and had an amazing, fun, and awesome night!! Thanks for inviting me :)<33
Hahahahaha love ya! :)
Chicano Resource Center. Hey wish Judy a Happy Mothers Day for me. Yeah, I'm late. ha ha
my mom ALMOST signed me up for that lol ;D
maybe... I think cyborgs tweet... Their cows sing, u know
Happy Friday! Spring Commencement and summer vacation is almost here.
": I don't dislike anybody, I just don't fuck with everybody"
This time I gotta live without you. That's just the way it has to be.
is that for all grades at howe
Paul Simon looks like a hobbit.
You probably thought that you'd break my heart
alright, let's make the posters!
E-mail us at for more information on rates, so we can help you create your girls weekend.
Hey there, (rhamenibieleu), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Yeah “ ": I want some seafood hope one of my sisters can get me some " oh really lol”
I did it like this. I did it like that. I did it with a whiffle ball bat.
Mom at the bookstore: "You cah buy a book if you find something worthy." Then the girl ran around trying to find what her mom had in mind...
is gettin' ready for work, then the mall!
What are your plans for the great Milwaukee weather?
Looking forward to going to see WWE RAW next Monday with my friend Aaron.
fuck no you sound stupid af
Listening to Double Rainbow by on full blast in my room. LIKE A BOSS.
Were goin to be put in random groups, and we don't know anybody
Hey superstar jumprope champ!
y is day
Its ur daily walk that keeps me pushing, ur strong
couldn't tell from the radio. Could he have gotten back?
Yes you are so right
Re: terrorist profiling - America's second most deadly attack was by a blonde, blue-eyed Army veteran from upstate New York. Go get 'em!
Crap I have 3 more assignments to do Monday I'm doing them all
and you have no idea how thankful I am for that! And everything you go through for us!
ENJOY :) be safe! but have an amazing day :) ~ the great out-of-doors :) and good friends! a great combination :)
I think this is brilliant. I love the message. If your in the NY little Italy let me know! Also I blog for
thanks so much for the wonderful comments you gave my track "hot pursuit" also listen to my new Album" KINGDOM PEOPLE" when it is released
. My experience is that wikis are people sorters; you either like them or you don't. Like licorice gum.
- retweeted. Thanks for caring about others!
Welcome Oregon Arts Summit attendees! We hope you enjoy your event and your visit to the Oregon Convention Center!
Dont ever change for someone not worth changing for
Shopping around for broken iMacs. Yep.
I want to go to the good guys car show in Nashville! LP field.
#ThingsIGetAlot....Your teeth are so WHITE :-) :-) :-)
It kept getting so much worse. I was astounded by its arrogance and incredibly sloppy logic.
Sorry I have a copy but it's like a link now I have to figure out how to link it from my dvd to twitter hm
I wanna live in California so bad.
"Murder for a jar of red rum." #palindrome #learning (same letters front and back)
great mix
I need to sleep... Im tired...
Someone hire quick!
#csa12 Tayeb: Native studies focuses on root identities rather then relational id. In Europe, whites claim native roots very aggressively.
and my dreamsd finally become reality..huh that would be nice
it's about your POSITION, not ability!
Karate with the kids.
U r reading my in which I typed "learn to write better faster" just yest. Weird. And, thx! :)
it's a great tool even to just follow influential people or news sites
Wait...correction...we got third place
go follow :)
TIMMY REED confesses his "list of unappreciated whatever"...
#Titanic was still in the DVD player from last night. I'm lazy. You do the math.
It sucks that u became nd im sad to say it but Somebody That I Used To Know!!
Maybe they learned it from someone? Possible! :)
Roscoes Chicken and Waffles got the job done.
I've been using an excessive amount of :) in my emails today... must be trying to beat the #CaseoftheMondays on behalf of my recipients!
"practice with the 22, and keep the 45 in your bedside table."
Lol!! :) Your packaging is pretty! I added you to my favorites on Etsy <3
Sabres Lead Canadiens 1-0 in first Period, Goal: Thomas Vanek Assists: Derek Roy, Tyler Myers
Love it. Great song!
We should get #HateComingToSchoolOnMonday and see how big it gets!!
Give me levity or give me depth.
TUPAC HOLOGRAM IN THE HOUSE.
Make sure you do the GoldvilleJT one too. That is where I have a lot of other prospectors and metal detecting clubs
Welcome back home, ! Stop by our "Open Ambulance" on Saturday from 12:30 to 4pm in front of Village C West!
Anyone I know playing the new Star Wars MMO? Trying to figure out if it's worth the money...
RE: : Today! Be humble enough to admit your own mistakes. Be smart enough to learn from t
One day when a teacher asks if I mind I'm gonna say yes. Cause I hate school and teachers
#ItsAwkwardWhen ur daydreaming then realize ur staring at someone.
Kind of excited. First webisode comes out Friday for the Madlo Show & same day, featured article on Kid Star Interviews site.
Appreciate what you HAVE before it becomes what you HAD.
Driver noted a bad vibration in his truck in any gear. Huge fuel fire leads to Red Flag at
Chillin no work today... Life is good!:-)
Come see the DCD at the Show & Shine at the sonic in san mateo! 1-4
Yeah I thought they were as young as the boys too all I know is that 8 Flavahz has to go RNG is better
dang if u guys would have went later, i would have just rode with u
Happy birthday :) have a great day
My diet this week consisted of #Cake, #Pizza, and #Candy Bars. When I get diabetes, I'll pronounce it like Wilford Brimley: "Die-ah-bet-uss"
they were kissy faces!
Mr. Cutler, are you aledging, in a court of law, that the mafia does not exist?
I'll have to look for that. Decapitation always holds reader's attention.
Has anyone tried a non-menthol Newport? What is that all about?
I'm loud and proud, I love being muddy and having a good time.. Big trucks & cowboy butts are what I love the most.Yep I'ma country girl : )
Everything relates to Buffy!
Thanks, Maria! It is fun.
what kind of cookies?
lol sure is....wouldn't mind if Adriana or Candice were both on the cover then i would get ine & frame it!!
fucking and sucking!! get with it!! Are you horny now!!
Impressive.amazing song.this is very incredible.Jesus is number one doing amazing coz He is #1.if you love him listen to this song
/At Thee Top Of The Map\ #MNMusic =
Dr. Who Season 4 and 5 are out so I rented Tourchwood S1 I have to relax after my first day of jury duty
So put the best jockey on a mediocre horse and that's a good bet?
#dsoc Now Jill Strand on SLA PR Toolkit for centennial year, including a new intl event
Listening to Steve Krug at #onw12 - great keynote pick!
good show last night
They'll find out soon enough...
im calm chile lol
My mom is going to start her bitch ass crying because of my hair.
i wish rappers today could make real music like how it was in the 90s
It's so much better in the sunlight, I'm just a little mirage
I'm sorry but is the insane clown posse serious? You just slapped a guy in the face with a fish. Really? REALLY?!
Love the sense of humor of 1 wave...playing I Want Candy by Bow Wow Wow..cause I like candy when it is wrapped in a sweater
where are we going? Ha!
NP: Jimmie Rodgers, Essential Jimmie Rodgers. Funny how the "Father of Country Music" was a blues player.
Thanks for the great rating!
I said, don't argue with me because ill win.
Today was rough but I made it!
I really should have put off reading the OUTLANDER series until I finished this draft. All I want to do is read about Jamie Fraser.
I want tortilla soup.
i got off late today so i couldnt go buy shirts for this week, well whatver i find tomorrow morning im wearing exept shorts
I can't do bad deeds lmao . I feel so mean
its called BB Brokers. Its about a guy who looses it all. Then goes into crime to get it all back. Kinda cool story!
Way to go USAir! Great customer service! RT : We like tweets like this. Thanks Mark! ^JB
Don’t miss applying for Roy Dean documentary grants! Closing June 30. Full info: www.fromtheheartproductions.com
needs to give the Indiana Pacers more credit and stop acting like they're a nobody 5th best record in the league
PRINT THE BULLETIN FOR FREE ADMISSION, FREE DRINK!! TOTALLY FREE ENTRY 'TIL 11PM!!!!!
thanks! :D
Yeah, that too.
Work 330 to whenever today, which means no meet
Power out in Back Bay Boston again. Fire trucks everywhere. No idea yet what's up
#NP Pixies - Where is my Mind? (Bassnectar Remix)
installed wordpress on EC2 but couldn't justify keeping it and deleted it (6)
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo to always be nice and helpful because u never know when they can help you!!
Dinner for schmucks is the stupidist movie ever .. Why they Still make movies like this ? Ridicilous
Drying out & clearing up by late this afternoon. Then dry conditions, partly to mostly sunny skies & above average temps for the weekend!
Here We Go!!! #stillers Here I go reaching for my first
another day , another dollar
day by day but not first hand.
yeah me too. This summer has sucked
lol you're so dumb you didnt tag me in it stupid! haha
Great Britain was the first county to issue postage stamps and are the only stamps in the world not to bear the name of the country of orgin
#ThingsThatUsed2BeCool Twitter-need I say more...?
Pizza of the Day is Philly Cheesesteak Pizza. Buy one for just $12. Mention this tweet and get an order of Toasted Ravioli free!
Not dancing...I miss it though. Mine was NOTHING compared to your Titanic piece....where your sister was the boat...
no problem!!! n_n
Ready for Friday! Every single roller coaster with the best franndd. <U+E022><U+E32D><U+E328>
We will be in Dallas in a few hours where the ladies at?????
i may have to watch it tomorrow... i have a psych test to study for... do u have a fb? that would b easier :)
Haha, whoops! How long do you suppose it had been forgotten?
Always eating, always hungry.
Hi, I'm Kase from Go Sport ID. My mom has always believed in me, greatly appreciated.
Just bought some tomatoes that actually look good! Caprese salad for dinner. Yum!
So excited for the Milwaukee #InnerPeaceFestival video! Almost done!!
Still gross
Working like Kizzie
They just to loud on this damn bus and I got headphones on SMH
he's all yours, come down to the Llano and take him.
Sometimes I just have to ask why...
Shout out to she needs more follower
Shout out 2 #Belisha & the Lee Family. Always n my corner rain or shine! <3 y'all
My boy friend is so damn KAYOOT!
cervixes are a social construction not a biological reality (Wikipedia, 2012)
Back to work after a lovely spring break at the lake...
especially if its mexican food sloppy seconds haha
Its Crazy
and when you call them out on it, they complain that they actually KNOW about the game and ur like "then ur not a puck slut"
-I was listenin to Ova Here then i thought bout "Ova Here A Gennis Love Story"
Gene Shue said that Manute Bol "looked like a blood donor who forgot to say when"
congratulations to you and your wife on the birth of your son.
I ride winter tires in this winter sloppy shit!!
we're in aisle 600, right in the middle by 2nd wind exercise equip. If you find the Univ of Iowa booth, we're not far!
At school!:/
Whew, thanks for the insight, Sean! RT "Social media. It works." -
ha!! I got 700 followers already!!!! U suck walnuts hannah jk
you are the absolute bestest boyfriend, that is all. Muahh, xoxox <3
You never know what each day will bring and today has been KICK ASS SO FAR!
Sorry, just now getting this! Thanks for joining us! RT : Curious - parking at your place?
#Check out the new editions to our website!#Got Dog?#
Late night drive back to Seattle from the coast. A Honda civic, 4 people, 1 cat and too many bags. Too cozy for my comfort.
We hope everyone had a great holiday weekend! Are you back to work or still on vacation this lovely Monday morning?
THANK YOU. Everyone always says how good they are, their food is fucking shit that's why it's unlimited.
Remember that it is far better to follow well than to lead indifferently
You think I'm doing this to make you jealous & I know that you hate to hear this, but this is not about you anymore.
Doing well. Just moved back to MKE after lvng in Chicago for the past 8 years. Do u guys get back here often?
Yes we have no bananas...
Awful image for #Nationals fans: Wilson Ramos on the grass clutching his knee.
Roast chicken with thinly sliced raw courgette and rocket salad, parmesan, lemon and olive oil,tasty light dinner after a gluttonous holiday
***THE WORKSHOP WITH ROSEMARY TODAY HAS BEEN RESCHEDULED TO SATURDAY, MARCH 17th***
She said she wash her hair once a month lol.. she wwas dead ass serious :=)
Encouraging adult learners - where does that cultural message come from? Employers, says Amy Sherman (CAEL).
Going to see new work tonight at 6ish. See you there.
I went to bed early:) and woke up in such a wonderful mood! #HappyCamper <U+E056>
If you want to be loved, be lovable. ~ Ovid
You're right, but that first five minutes could have been better.
I miss my grandma.
Special offer for our followers! - 40% Off 90 Minute Massage - $59.00
I DONT HAVE THAT
#NOWPLAYING : Pumped Up Kicks - Foster The People <3
Thanks so much for the MT! Much appreciated! Cheers, Conor
u can get your fans bk if the old justin comes back and actually keeps his word that hes not gonna change i kiss tht justin!:(
Ruffalized needs to be in the dictionary.
: Wow. Macho Man Randy Savage died of a heart attack? What is the world coming to?
You really think this? And the series is far from saved.
your welcome I look forward to your blog.
How do you not KNOW if you received a bill in the mail. You know you did. You just haven't paid it. Come on, now.
Excited about Hart of Dixie tonight- I love that show. Right now though it is NYY v. Texas, love baseball too!
RT : So how many #HoodratMothers I got on my tl ... <---
Just got approval for days off in June for PHOENIX BACHELORETTE EXTRAVAGANZA! Wheee
well played...
A man that even raises his hand to his woman, is not a man. Period.
gossip girl was amazing tonight, I had a little tear at the end :P watching globe trekker now
I may go to Buffalo Wild Wings and snag me 12 honey bbq wings before the NFL Draft!
RT : Wharton and UPenn abound finalist weekend. Go , and !
The last time I touched a breast it was in a KFC bucket.
Is it just me or does everyone realize how odd it is to issue a press release saying someone else is trying to make headlines?
For like 5 minutes
White men still make $8,000 more than anyone else in the library science profession. But that's not significant according to this study.
Decemberism is one of my favorite man Overboard songs because fuck you.
It's gonna be hell for me lol
Once again, Saturday > Monday at the Final Four.
Starting fresh. Nothing before today will be here tomorrow.
« High school taught me a lot. & Not just academically.»
your all i dream about i cant live without you all i want is you <3
Welcome to Seattle! Very excited to have you as the newest member of the
What's your favorite chinese dish?
The perfect sentiment for this morning: "Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it." ~Swedish Proverb
do iphones not have a snooze button?
I suppose I'm fine with it. Hairy pits won't keep me from flirting with a hot woman.
i inboxed you on there
"My life is my message." - Gandhi
word. when are you coming back to SD?!
my first mail recipient <3 lmaoo
Playing the afterparty at This will be EPIC!
Bruce Bowen has to be on this list
shout out to my new follower I appreciate it
Thanks you can send it to vreeland[at]yext[dot]com
you hit that shot better than LeBron did w/his free throws in reference to the bloated & delusional
thought I was hungry but as it turnsout- I just needed more beer...
Hey #Chicago! Aspire will be at the #GapYear Fair at New Trier HS today--we start at noon! See u there
Congratulations to you both! Can't wait to have you as part of the L&C family!
CEOs Never tell they are having a psychological meltdown ~Ben Horowitz
damn lol i sounded like an asshole on that one xP
What would happen to your pet if something were to happen to you-Have you made those plans?
I dnt change for u u dont have to change for me i am who i am and i perfectly good with that :) Be Unique Be Diffrent Be You Be ICONic :)
You know I go good with some wine, right?
AAHGS chapter of Central Va, meeting this Sat, 12 n @ Fluvanna's Co. Library
cant wait till tomorrow. im going to a bar b q
the mall parking lot is already full and doors don't even open for another twenty minutes. oh boy.
Bout 2 Upload it Monday. Can you email me the beat & clean versions so I can make my mixshow versions of it RT :
me too. I kept envisioning them on the way home and then couldn't really sleep until like 1:30. :-/
Congrats for making Time Magazines Most influential people! Now its going to be wayy harder 4 my #Nugettness 2 B on ur show
when you start high school senior year?
I would love to know what someone has on the refs. Or how big the payola is.
this is a twitter account to get the ICONic Boyz here to Chicago. Lol
#civilunion bill died in same committee last year. One republican vote needed to get it to pass this year.
one of the jonas brothers was on Kelly LIve today I thought about you! ;)
When I thought things were looking up everything from my friends to family started falling down. The brokenness is starting to show.
Wow! That is so awesome!!!! Love it!
welcome to twitter!
Just thinkin' of ya.
In addition to the standard MyLincoln technology, the 2011 MKX will also feature HD Radio with iTunes tagging
THAT IS SO GOD DAMN FANCY.
When you feel like you personally know because she's from Rhode Island
He split with Volquez, but Volquez was better in every park adjusted stat.
The concept of random roommates is so weird...
I was cheated on and it feels like shit.
Now enjoying the great, magical Carly Simon at the - this is one of the reasons I'm glad I'm here.
Speaking as a Bennington College alumna, you're far from the first to dub it so...
Tbh I mostly like the Hunger Games because it's basically "A Structural Theory of Imperialism" for teens.
I see plenty every winter
Can't believe I'm missing out on the Times Square Thriller flash mob at 5 p.m. Everyone in the area - put your dancing shoes and glove on!
Tonight was fun:)
It's very misleading when the establishments name is literally "$1 STORE!" and the first item you pick up inside costs $32.
We're giving away $1,000. We're not but you should still make a twerk video for the song "Trampoline" as if we were. Who knows we might.
played infront of Cuba Gooding jr on sunday night. Harvells was packed. Very cool club.
R.I.P. LUIS ABREU OF LOS PAPINES
Oh fun! Hopefully they'll do something next gallery night!
All these people saying there iphone is faster cause it says 4g now lmao they don't know its the same speed they just changed the icon
alright I gotta think
- Not sure yet, but I believe so.
After dinner dessert tonight at Old National Center 5-9 #FFFTF !
Island 8, you're a cruel mistress.
RT : I need a puppy daddy. These vet bills are going to be expensive lol...
Watching trevy sleep like a creep. He's just so damn cute
But we need to lunch.
yo my dude..whats been good man? tryin to meet up sometime this week? I got a bunch of shit I'm workin on
Happy Thanksgiving to u Jenn!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Sorry I didn't respond to this sooner! Yes, we are going on the Sunday tour. You guys?
please tell at FEEL BETTER SOON! <U+E40C>
#FF mentions and thank yous will come out later today. Rough day at the day job and waiting on the mechanic to call concerning our van.
Hi Brett! Welcome to the club. You should join the live tweeting. I quit DVR'ing bc it's so fun.
its lunch time but im debating on if i should still eat breakfast
Gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love. - Albert Einstein
Good morning, everyone. Wow, what a day. I think lunch outside is going to be a must - at least a walk.
I feel EXTREMELY lucky to have gotten to see LIVE in concert! One of the greatest days of my life :D love you greyson!
Whatever it's called, I just heard what boogers sound like on the phone.
#youthviolence ntl forum features biz leaders who support community safety. Target shows cares
Amazing Dancers this year on SYTYCD
I bought pocket piano and everyone is FREAKIN. What sounds! Thanks for dropping it off C!!
Where you getting your hair cut? The 90s?
Military commissaries host bulk sales every May, September: "I have been coming to these sales ever since I married my husband 12 yea...
follow back? it only takes like 15 seconds <3
haha sorry. :/ I'll DM u my new number.
Should have have said praying with you. Geesh my brain is mush today.
Ah, build that shit dudes!
I'm slowly becoming a Broncos fan! Go Tebow!!!
woods looks like a chad johnson....just not a lot of seperation for me...obviously a week class next yr but we will see
Sounds like fun with character encodings. I'm not aware of a fix, but perhaps can help.
"in 2 days Justin will be Adultrauhl!" No, he will always be KIDRAUHL.
RT : Tracking my Tackle Warehouse orders would have been the equivalent of GPS tracking Santa Claus on Christmas Eve.
Well, we just got it today so we haven't experienced any yet.
5... nah... That's it bitch. U better wish u have money for a damn plastic surgery after im done messin' up ur face.
“You cannot write for children. They're much too complicated. You can only write books that are of interest to them.” RIP Maurice Sendak
T-minus 7 days until my parents are here!
you will be blocking for one the greatest QB's ever!
Word is there are no conch fritters at the new Margaritaville in Nashville. This calls for Booze Camp Bahamas. Who's in?
LOL they'd file staking charges against each other...
More Strunk & White (yeah, I'm going back through it again): Use active voice. "...brevity is the by-product of vigor."
One word. MindFirstFitness.
I'm totally koovelling!
Does this mean no more sports tweets from Tyler????
This week just does not appear to have an end.
We agree! RT IMHO -- on this fine #followFriday, you should be backing the awesomeness that is with your #ux cash.
RT : My head is pounding man So is mine
Basketball, A-10 takes a back seat to Charlotte 49ers football in conference shift
Honestly, just stop with the bad attitude. I seriously can't take it.
we would be happy to help you find an apartment in San Francisco
ohnono it's a real breakdown from LA Casting. I was trying to say it is ridiculous. Can you imagine those auditions?
Let's ride phily
Damn I thought that was out of here. #ilovetheToddFather :)
please someone help me get out of follow limit :)) RT and a shoutout if you do
Snow storm and driving sleet, sounds like a good time for a tweet up in the Horeb. Who's in?
Man is the only creature that seems to have the time and energy to pump all his sewage out to sea, and then g
Still here where it's bright and sunny today.
I was reborn when I was broken.
Less work today and more time watching the crossfit games regionals scores.
#sca2012 His role at NARA: help improve access, build community engagement, foster cultural change.
Thanks for stopping by yesterday!
Don't forget to RSVP to Samaritan Ministry's Next Step Breakfast on May 16th!
If I get up one more time from my editing process, I might as well give up. :/ lol. I'm so good at finding other things to do.
Lebron scurrrred of the big shot STILL!!!
we had a sticker conversation a couple of weeks ago. It sounds like yours was more heated.
Who likes brunch? T-minus twenty minutes to the best thing you can do on a Monday.
Ask em' what's the problem, they say I'm fucking awsome.
i finally do something right. and i thought youd be proud.
The happiest girl ever. <3 Love u Sel
Looking forward to hopefully meeting you during
RT : welcome to #SF & #LiNC. Let's get this party started.
Lol lol he was writing her while we was on the phone
Really got sent home for my outfit? THS is wack
tried to kill me.
And another one
thanks and it would be awesome to live by lots of stars
Doosan Infracore Construction Equipment welcomes important Middle East ... - AME Info
“Those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.” <U+2015> Bernard M. Baruch.
#VEVOnewfront. now the sell to advertisers begins. crazycool stat. Katy Perry video on VEVO gets same viewers in week as episode of 'Glee'.
Us too!
I put #hashtags in my text convos.
yes we did, we think it looks pretty good ourselves
Opened SHORT $USDCHF @ .96148; 6% of the community volume is trading the USDCHF with sentiment 78% SHORT
Oh la la that sounds fun. Hope you girls are doing well!
Celebrate Halloween Grazie style this year! We'd love to have you come dine with us for Halloween weekend. 305.673.1312
have I shown u the trailer of my movie?
I LOVE the OTHER Santa Claus Is Coming To Town Video!! I LOve them BOTH!! :)
Keep On Pushin
good look lil bruh!!! Means a lot no doubt!!!
I hope Oprah's a top!
Cant Wait Till Boy In Detention Drop.. 8/5 Need 2 Hurry Up.. Lol
long day
awhhh :( what are you doing?
Honestly by Hot Chelle Rae encompasses how much of an asshole my Irish man is. Mostly because he's RK's twin.
... Just saw you and your lady friend at the Whole Foods in Tarzana. It was great to see you signing autographs for those kids.
Thank you for the RT #FF el Metro Salsero
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT AANT YOU!!!!!!!!!!HOUSTON'S BEST FEMALE ENTERTAINMENT!!!!!!!!!LOOKING FOR SEXY MODELS!!!!!!!
Same here Brother, but at least February is done here in about 4 hours.
You never called me back, freak!:P
Trish in town...yes!
np. I hope to connect with u at
You know you're out of no man's land when your 4G network kicks in!
short nap but it was fun to watch. Happy new year!
Security is when I'm very much in love with somebody extraordinary who loves me back. Shelley Winters
I hate when people write down a number on a slip of paper and it's for their phone and not the amount of jellybeans they owe me.
it did, yeah. Where you heading tonight?
"every human being has something unique to offer"
Lol :p eh. My grandfather passed away from cardiac arrest Thursday morning. So my family is kinda broken.
...you want to interview me. I'm bib No. 744 and will be wearing black shorts.
If you'd like to join my crew in time for Max Payne 3's release, hit me up!
New favorite cocktail: the Dollywood at I could drink those all day, but they seem a bit dangerous.
I need to start packing cuz Lord knows Im ready to be OUT
Oh.. well It Already 11 and I have to go to sleep :) Night! :)
Today im watchin so much movies :)
#100thingsilove listening to ' songs :)
damn, wish I was there. For though, I may just drive over right the F now!
Booked the "Marie Antoinette" bride for next year!! *happy dance*
Turkey turkey turkey!!!
there's an ADULT CARA in Boston!
My dad went to Popeyes and was only going to bring me biscuits??! How rude. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I'm looking at nabbing another podcasting rig… Rebel T2i with an EF-S 17-55mm f/2.8. What do you guys think? -G
get with me..
cool!u'd be in the circle as my honored guest hehe xD
Emerald's Berries & Creme flavored Breakfast on the Go has been the best thing that's happened to me today. Unexpectedly wonderful.
its been a while since I have been posting stuff on twitter, its not like anyone reads them so I say hello to all of you <3
thanks man! Cured pork fat is a beautiful thing.
Whats wrong. Are you ok. I dont hate you. You are loved.<U+E057>
#overheard a blind guy say "See ya later!" o.O
Definitely not worth it. Saw your book in NoFo today. Haven't read ityet, but congrats on success. SNL spoof..hilarious.
keep speaking out!!! murder is murder!!! God said THALL SHALL NOT KILL!!!! God bless you!!!
I love shaved heads!
yo those were the days. Lol
"Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom." Soren Kierkegaard
Called 5yo nephew to tell him happy birthday. He said, "Can't talk now. Too busy making fart music." And folks wonder why I don't want kids.
I probably would be biased if I were you. Your pizza is quite delicious!
I miss new York <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I sent you a direct message
Morning y'all ^__^
killin it right now one the 1s & 2s - come shake that booty for #NBDT nobigdealthursdays
One of the many stops on chorale tour: slaughterhouse. Disgusting yet interesting!
My Summer Goal Is For YOU To Follow Me (: C'mon Mister (;
Lunch time baby!
God made coke,God made pepsi ,God made JUSTIN so damn sexsy :) lmfao <3 R.E.T.W.E.E.T if you think justin bieber is sexsy (;
- Cry Bby Nigga's Make me Sick !
and no kinder bueno for mara ;) sucks to be you
"Rarely promise, but, if lawful, constantly perform."
I am in Alabama bored as bell
Patience, my friend. The iTunes App is coming soon!
Oh the joys of staying in a hotel. The couple in the room above us have very good... rhythm.
tina plays no games!
I was just going to say that. We consider poker a sport, and it's on ESPN, but it's really like no other.
I think I messed up? Wish people would stop asking you! #whatdoido?
with six kids that you can remember your name is remarkable.
Yupp. And that 45 line Latin translation!
Konstantine, for that one time,
Thanx for RT! : RT “: "One must work and dare if one really wants to live." ~Vincent van Gogh #quote #entrepreneur”
Was it announced that Weber was Fired?
#relaxed got a lot of rest I needed that.:-)
I kind of like waking up early on the weekend. My day seems way longer.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
See ya there! RT Super excited for Nov. Social this Tuesday. Who else is coming from and ?
what size are they
O'Reilly's nose looks painful hope he didn't break it
#Marvelous Monday:
Out with and princess Semhar. Supposed to be on vocal rest. Sometimes you just need a drink.
RT : Bachmann's eyes are outshining her crazy gold buttons. #GOPDebate - Patton you always make me laugh!
2/2 but rather to skid in sideways, totally worn out, shouting "Holy shit, what a ride!" - Mavis Leyrer
I am having to do this/not like Cousteau with his/assiduous team/aboard the sun-flooded schooner/but here alone. -Adrienne Rich
Anyone still following the Daytona 500 is a poor poor bastard.
thanks sweetie. U get that breakfest this morning
Good choice. Have a drink every time every time someone says "mutant."
in rancho mirage. Yay
Just got a new member at Museum Day. Yea!! It's a beautiful day to be out on Fountain Square.
Right!!! Girl
Yes, in all things that is good, be present in mind, body and soul!
thought they were in LA?
Pretty sure my mom just said yes to the road trip!
Don't stop after reading Dandelions Never Die...you're only cheating yourself! Gotta get to Six Angels....
We never gave up...through it all..never.
I caved. Lets play draw somthing. ashleynerat
lmao yuh look so bored!! R U??
Just got honked at while walking
"Hold her like a conversation"-Lil' Wayne
I funkn love I'm his number one fan =)
What's your favorite cake?
yeah i get it! cos its all professionally done now with special mics and stuff! Yeahh
Thanks! Looking forward to connecting RT sounds like an interesting mobile app! - good name too
UK is #3 in the latest NCBWA Poll, a consensus top 3 team, yet again, amongst the 4 major polls.
Happy EMS Week to our friends at !
“: Want to hear a funny joke? Purdue athletics.”
Fuck you You know I hate that damn song!!!!!
Mercy digs deep to discover the reason behind what someone does or is doing.
Thanks. Done with four. Two more to go. And then back to The Seven to party with you guys !
Tough night for a Browns and Flyers fan.
#moneycantbuy love cuz its free! What u reap is what you sow-what you think, feel, speak, dream comes back to u so dream & love BIG people!
Can't wait to see the recap of last year's (& the ad for this year's) in 's annual #BBQ issue, out in May!
NACTO is being integrated into existing manuals and a way to implement Complete Streets Act
Ah man!! Just heard...rest in peace Adam yauch. Jamming to #BeastieBoys all week.
days like today are the best sort of reason to have a smart phone. *ding*
maybe I'll just go see Avengers again. In 2D this time.
My Dog Is Snoring Way Too Loud... Wtf
See you soon Detroit!
"Raygunomics" you wanna go there? How about Obumanomics.
Xmas Tweets: Fun moment last night - my mom reminiscing fondly about when she referred to my friend Ivo and mistakenly called him "elbow."
1 final to go. Summers about to be crazy
Its always around the same time every year when i complain about going to school lol
'' I love you more handsome :)
How are you today? I have not heard from you in sometime.
on behalf of my brother and my family THANK-YOU #JUSTICE FOR
See you tonight!
What's the weather lookin' like tomorrow?
The reason some people do not like the Mass Effect 3 ending, is because they just dont understand it... I feel it was appropriate.
Studio time this weekened!! On a roll! And writing more songs.
Good Night and God Bless.. and remember... Your beautiful, don't let anyone tell you different. <U+2665>
you're hot
Little bit nervous to discuss de Beauvoir in my co-ed philosophy class tomorrow... I don't know what will come out of some people's mouths.
Good luck to everyone on their finals NABJ wishes you all the very best !!
In the zone
The homeless woman next to me is having a convo with herself about how people think she's crazy. Wonder where they got that idea....
nice! or sacrilege, depending on your POV.
uh huh.
New week, what's on your mind?
we loved meeting you yesterday! the black/yellow top was MADE for you. Can't wait to visit PB&Caviar! XO
In Va. for business
Looking forward to reading what Ricky Gervais said that was censored.
Thank you for notifying us , please DM with the time & location of your observation; was the bus in motion?
Playing beyond gay movies at lunch
I managed to convince a friends parents, and my parents, to not go to school tomorrow. My persuassion skills are awesome.
Stunned by this planet.
after such a great event, we are considering how to make it easy for others to duplicate...
Who will compete with UCLA next season?
Amsterdam and Paris was fun!
work today... i don't really wanna go... i'm not feeling to well, again. :\
Professional Victims - gotta love them. Actually, no you don't.
The Pink "There U Go" era was my fave Pink era
Hm... I just realize that Doctor Who has a "see no evil" (Angels) "speak no evil" (The Silence) and I know there's one for "hear no evil".
Packed house at #NGGS11!
NICE! Clubbie friendly, I love it. And yeah, not too much. Kinda nice having a day like this once in a while
How can you live with yourself after doing something like that?
I'm spinning til 4am at LEGROOM on division st!
We've had that happen too. Crazy coach made the teenage ump cry.
Watching a movie with my little sister is impossible. -.-
I don't know that just sounds lazy... ;)
Maybe people now believe they SHOULD be humbled, since everyone else is claiming to be.
Cat was fine with the contractor, drill, tarps, dust, noise. Silent, stationary fan? Not okay.
Mozart channel on Pandora! Oh yes, got the creative juices flowing now!
before you diagnose yourself with depression or low self-esteme, first make sure you're not surrounded by assholes.
Listnening to Norway & loving it.
Sitting here looking at hot guy pix with a raging hard-on. What to do? What to do?
St John Evening long white & silver stretch column dress. Start thinking about those holiday parties! Beautiful!
Anyone crafty want a full bag of yarn?
SHUT YOUR FACE. Tess. Where!?!? Are y'all really going to see the hunger games!?
They keep Babbitt until they get a GM and/or coach. This isn't Buchanan's call. Unless it is, in which case...God help us.
Still looking for talented web designer... anyone know of anyone looking for experience?
I just came from party in goodnight lovelies have a great day c u all later!!;)
"i danced with a hot cowboy who looked like dwight yoakam." "i thought you said he was hot." roomie doesn't get it.
they are knarly sweet! I don't really like candy
My brother just HAD to vomit all over the table
SAVE THE DATE! The next gathering of the B&BS will take place Weds. 11/9 from 7-8:30 p.m. Look out for the invite this week!
Thank you for the follow, Jane. Look forward to seeing you at next week's event!
re:phon awareness. Not regularly in outpatient clinic, but yes as grad student supervisor.
Don't hold your breath... my episode of RINGER will air on January 1, 2012.
Orquesta La Moderna Tradición at the Coda Supper Club 1710 Mission Street San Francisco Sun, November 14
RT if you have braces: favorite if you don't
it's true haha
wonder should i go to da parade today??
Had to go to school in glasses cuz of freaken allergies! And the glasses stay till the irritation(pink and redness) goes #ByeBye :/
What I supposedly did wrong idk.. All I kno is that I'm reaping the "rewards"
So pleased with the response to our Studio rapid eLearning authoring tool at LT12 last week. Publishing in HTML5 seems to be the requirement
One of the best meals in Central Fla., some of the best wine in America and wonderful company.
that'll due.
New This Week | Two jobs and five grants! Check them out on the Programming Lbirarian home page.
Are there breathe right strips for dogs? My dog's snoring is driving me crazy!
Oh, he treats me with respect, he says he loves me all the time, he calls me fifteen times a day, he likes to make sure that I'm fine.
love your new profile pic, Brad! ^ag
Grudgingly gave up my computer you the apple store. I'm a little worried at how anxious I feel without it!
DNA eduscope: Options galore in Arts - Daily News &amp; Analysis
So bummed the sound failed and we couldn't hear the Widows Bane yesterday. Make sure to go see them at the Walnut Room on the 28th!
I show no remorse
Melanie Fiona has the most amazing voice! <3
We should live our lives as though Christ were coming this afternoon. ~ Jimmy Carter
(1/3) My top Five Favorite U.S. Cities. I've been pretty much everywhere across this great land. From coast to coast, border to border.
Looking forward to a monster week creating new business with wireless innovator
On to my next hideout; this time to write bug report against my iPhone app
As summer heats up, keep yourself and your children hydrated by getting >100oz. of water everyday +coconut water to replenish electrolytes
yeah, but who gives a shittttt lol I don't.
Are you so deep in the NBC machine that you can't even see your own bias??? Really??
We are a 1:1 school 4-12, 1:2 for k-3. Great until budget cuts have come leaving us wondering if we will end up with a lab, again
Go HEELS!!! Yea. RT : Ha. Pack fans will be so quiet now that they lost! Y'all talk to much! UNC ALL DAY!
Charters are one place in the school system (and I do mean IN) that we can get together and innovate.
"Feeling resentful and used in our relationships plays havoc with our ability to be warm and loving." ~ Sue Patton Thoele
Aw <3 you always make my.friday nights too :)
to the person who said it was okay to take a picture of yourself as your profile pic >>>>>>
The ability to weigh criticism and distinguish the good from the bad is definitely vital to a writer's success!
no girl u don't it's the truth he broke it off so ppl know tht it's not going to end well lol
apparently it went DOWN at the reunion yesterday... I'm quite excited about that!
and the only thing that can stop Kobe is the shits! Haha
I still haven't figured out my costume for the 'Bling it On Party' at #paycon. Can you say last minute Party City run?
Study break no. 1: Visit the 3rd floor exhibit to see 's oldest book from 1488.
Well, Jordan talked to me. And you didn't even know he was there, so I guess it works out.
yeah mickeys quite the looker
If you love inspiring & original tweets? Then it's simple, just follow -> RelatableQuote and you will LOVE them! I promise
Hey there - I emailed for an invite…I'd love to see the site!
Good times had by all ... well, Hornets fans anyway. Least grating loss of our season. Hustle. Grit. Gravitas. :)
that's comedy! Jimmy is an abstract dude. How does a cat like that go on survivor?
i needa hear this!
I miss
U honor me by inclusion : PLZ Follow
"Come along and ride on this fantastic voyage" I swea johnson family vacation is the movie
CASTING: Featured Background Actor for the role of a "Prison Guard" shoot Friday, Aug 12. Email ASAP:
Thanks for coming out!
I have no idea where my keys are.
Question for #tcot: Why should Gov't subsidize college education? Tuition at GA Southern should float to its equilibrium.
Thats what I wanna do but i really can never get him alone unless the game tomorrwo? But idk ill I can get him towards me
watching new show
To my brother : Good luck today at the sir. Congrats again on all of your achievements. (Cc: )
Had enough time to walk my lazy butt to my class on north campus and still be 23 minutes early.
I'm overhearing someone describe an upcoming "Holiday in Cambodia." Dead Kennedys real life reference!
In the 956!
Happy Birthday TNG. Live Long and Prosper.
feel the same here, but for different reasons. I dont feel like myself & I hate that. I'd say to ease yourself back into your >
Looking forward to the day when I can just be a student of the world.
#keepcalm Remember SF is an NFC team. I think PM wants to stay in the AFC in my opinion
lmao yo..this woodpecker HAS to be a nigga.
I hate it when the internet goes out at my place, I feel naked without it. :(
no u didn't when
love waking up and my mom is downstairs watching recorded dr phil ha...
pffttttt...whatever. You guys are awesomesauce.
iceland airwaves 09
Happy 21st birthday to my best friend and wifey, ! Love you gurl :)
good idea. but how am going. to give it to you
creating can be beneficial by helping to review process and sort concept.
Although you can hold your position with the appearance of confidence, you may not be as positive as others think.
Your mind will always block out that which it does not understand.
does that mean we get a 5th costly Obama "I'm gonna save housing" program that won't work either? or is it the 6th?
want to be my 81th follower? It would be so great(: <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0087>
Thanks to for an amazing night! in the house. U rock!
Well, that sucked
Am I the only one who thinks the #Ravens have no business spending their 1st on a WR? That said I trust Ozzie
Love the Totoro!
I WILL CRY :( A RIVER IF ADORABLE AMAZING YOU DOESN'T FOLLOW ME BACK PLEASE IT BE A WISH COME TRUE IF YOU DID <333333333333333
Love 99designs, thanks for the follow!
This lady needs to stop playing with her baby n making noise
We back on good terms ..
Content analysis of postsecret? #amst7100 themes? Audience analysis?
no she wasnt
How quickly I end up on amateur alchemical websites when I start reading about 17th-c. title page decoration.
*HUGGGGLES* Thanks so much hon! Right back at ya! <3
just finishing at the ACC. Let's meet up for a drink. What r u thinking?
"One game. If we play them 9 times, they might win 5. But not this game. Not. Tonight." #Preds #webelieve (cc: )
nope, I'm not there. I wish I was tho! Lucky!(:
scars wont fade away but that dosent meen that they will be showable forvever
Watched alot of movies this weekend I'm watching Angels and Demons
learning about twitter
well maybe one day we'll make it big and be living out there!!! but grater's will for sure have to be sent out to us.....
Neccessity is the mother of invention
its literally taking this car 10 minutes at the atm. ten. Louisville plates. it all makes sense
I thought I tweeted for the day. Wow. long day. Time for a much need makeover!
Same thing right?
Little sleep last night + a big glass of wine after dinner tonight = accidentally drunk.
I think it's bold, progressive, and in all honesty quite overdue. What are your thoughts?
Abour to lay it down.
presents $5K check to Envision board chair; CS volunteers also helped beautify campus before site opened
#Everybody follow my #Cool folk
You have to be willing to look bad in order to learn how to get better. Randy Gage
Dat science was easy
Ha! thanks Jo! Have to stay ready for they ass! Thanks for doing the show! You rock!
Last Fri real estate word unscramble-devise 2days WORD:ldfaeut HINT:failure "There's nothng like stayng at #home 4 real comfrt." Jane Austin
If I wanna marry a woman or a man it's nobody's business but my own! Get over yourselves haters.
I just did
let me know what you find, folks are ecstatic about #sweave round here - esp. for #rstudio /cc
have u ever wanted something so bad but at the same time u r so scared 2 reach out to it bc what if u cant have it?
Dang that's a first both crews are safe from elimination
I have a rare friday off....What's poppin on fridays???
that's called an #asswoopin!
Lake winnie tomorrow with Julia, Lexi, Reagan, and Jacie :)
Carson Palmer is the best qb ever
Maple Street Books is open til 3 today at the Healing Center. Check out our last minute gifts and expanded magazine selection.
The revolution is not a tea party.
Good article Jean Ann!
A3: I mostly collaborate with my MarComm team, but also program side.
“: I am a little nervous about going into today. #walkofshame” haha! No need to be nervous #youramongstfamily <3
Hey Storm....SHHHHHHHHH!
I'm ready for a nap
White velvet latter Street Cafe
Plus it has RT check out tonight at 10E/9C with me. I like the show. Good payoff.
Called last night to raise my voice about your continued support of Rush via advertising dollars. There are better people to fund.
RT : Starting to get excited about my 5K tomorrow. I haven't raced that distance in forever!>>>>Good luck!!
Are you cleaning right now? Tell us what you're doing.
RT Basketball Mind RT I want it in Bron's hands late, dont necessarily need him to shoot tho. Depends on the situation
Don't be sweet, lest you be eaten up; don't be bitter, lest you be spewed out. - Proverb
Valentine'sDay Tip for those attempting to bake their 1st Red Velvet cupcakes: Your kitchen will look like a crime scene.
Bulls look like shit
Hung out with some ladies tonight and we talked about our periods. Yes, it really did happen. And we talked about boys too to complete it.
It's Friday! Have a great day everyone!
wants to become the number one primary healthcare provider in America. Right..penny pinching corp driving down quality of HC.
look at my tweet
lol I see Giiftid talk about random chicks screaming "FUCK ME NOW PLEASE" but god forbid i tweet 1 pic of a sexy chick lol
are an embarrassment.
Graduation day!
Chipotle is probably the best meal you can get under 5 minutes.
I tried it through a GSLIS class. At least MySpace once had a legitimately sizable user base for library outreach, unlike SL.
Between shows. Come to DR2 in Union Sq. See Reading Under the Influence. Laugh and drink
hey Jackie how are you hun? It's been a long time since we've talked. How is everything?
me too! Sometimes, I got to the website and lust after all the goodies I "could" be buying.
Thanks! Glad to be heading home and looking forward to some time relaxing!
Rim Check
Take your time going, but hurry back
Is A #RoleModel(:
You. Will. See.
Happy New Year!! Looking back at 2010, there were some awesome youtube videos. Check out the top videos of 2010.
that moment when you lock eyes with an acress and fall in love for 30 seconds and then realize they're just acting and its working ah
The $25k question on Who Wants To Be A Millionaire asked if a pediatrician can diagnose Beiber Fever. Where's Regis when ya need him?! Smh.
I'm a Maryland driver. You don't want me behind the wheel anyway. RT : Hence your war on cars!
I think the Hornets picked their team based on looks--these guys r hot.
feels like 2 years ago! I still dont believe it lol
Yeah will ask
“: he is all talk”you a scary girl you scared of everybody ctfu
Always known the reason for cause. Because the reason is by your own cause. Cause Is mind, effect is law
I grew up in #Reno so I basically saw the layer of ugly reality without the Disneyland side. I just SMH at this place
Early bird get the worm, I’m up way before y’all!
haha oh I bet you've missed it mane
“: If he gives you the last peice of gum #HeIsYourHomie lol ” hell yea u know it haha
followed ya
One more: RT Your investing pickup line: "A date with me would definitely pay dividends."
wtf?! Lol....he's waiting for you Robert ;)
Challenge: &quot;what are the questions we should be taking on at OpenGrounds?&quot;
isn't that also what jade is for?
ha I could go for some of those right meow
Is there a more useless news story lede than "It's that time of year again"?
why roll when you can get a pipe
#MyPastRelationships were all failures that why their my past relationships.
Yes, I'm watching Phineas & Ferb without my kids. Shhh...don't tell em.
Yeah, we get it kid. Its your 10th birthday. Put the sign down.
EK's truck is on TV! With the President. :)
thank u
Thank you! It was a treat having you all here.
you know what this loyalty day bullshit is? It's a way to have another excuse to fuck with #ows and everything it stands for. SUCK SHIT.
Sorry my response took forever - year 1 (of 2) findings from the Khan study will be released this December.
wish. feeling like the red headed step-child since ya'll havent been to the pacific nw since '09. Where's the love??
Happy Friday!
Spa Week is coming! April 11th through April 17th! Stay tuned.....
Why am i not tired!?
PLEASE BRING AL THE BOYZ ! not just a few, thats really unfair. not to be rude. BUT THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR DOING THIS !
i dunno. But i know you don't have to try hard. :)
Q5 financial tip... do user needs assessment and then be selective on what you buy for patrons. Also think about
The end is soon to come.
If you're looking to unwind after work today, fall through (cc: )
indiana dryvit contractors, indiana dryvit repair, indianapolis dryvit contractors, indianapolis dryvit repair, indianapolis stucco
Don't play stupid with me...I'm better at it.
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
The one on anti-tales. Great stuff.
willbottinick: Wish I could have attended #SLA2010, but I will be there next year for sure.
Now they call offsides
think about this. hes very critical and abhors tone deafness...so.if he heard a lil and wants more, chances are your good
Heading to The Next Cool VIP event tonight!! the largest film & tv event of 2012!!
thanks for the add! Took your inspiring workshop before - fantabulous!
#FundMyFriday I'm gonna find a new job and try to make some money for Christmas. Friday is the day for BIG FUN.
if you got the loot, BUY IT! probably won't see it for much less...
"if you get hurt, we're going to the science museum at the hospital" - random science museum dad on the green line.
shit u tweet more any of my followers lol
yes a carrot! <WeMissAustin!>
#IBetSomebodyOnMyTL is working on an amazing project....if you're in Vegas, time to get it
Don't shut it down. Don't eat the chocolate. We are thinking of you! Wish you were here.
overtime and Tidwell isn't even on the field? What is Arizona thinking?! - guy who thinks Jerry Maguire is real life
No really, I love being stood up.
BBQ son....BBQ
feel me bro people piss me off
Happy Friday everyone! Have a fun (and safe!) weekend!
The coin tossed is embossed with my loss of control. I will live as if living itself is the goal...
simple, yet delicious.
Glad you like the mobile. Thanks for visiting!
I'm bored af! <\Slope/>
Starting in just a few, keep an eye out for the #NGGS3 tag to get updates from the Wellness at Work: Get Your Erg On! breakout session.
Going to take a shower, then go over my chorus for the contest then a long day tomorrow <3
I'm okay.. Wht about you
I hate being called quiet.
i have the worst head ache ever ugh
Get on skypeee! You guys have to play this MC Map! Its a team map.
RT : LOL at Random House sending their email bulletins out at 6pm Fridays. Yea, I'll read that right away.
1&1 is the WORST hosting company. Don't ever use them.
aboout to go take a showwer.
men's key.
hockey took the place of football in my life
stick it to tha man bby!
I agree, but the legal system does not. Or at least that's the message they're trying to send with SOPA etc.
keep on harassing him :D
thanks a lot i cant wait to get up to ny this winter!!!!!
Check out the "I<3" presentation on the Center Span -- you can make the interactive art light up by tweeting the hashtag #IngenuityFest!
ya got nice boobs
they might not have wifi :/
I'd love to see a 1917 Russia rpg, or 70's urban revolutionary (think RAF or SLA) setting for a game. not spy really but close
music is my hooker: open to everyone, belongs to nobody, doesn't say her name.
This time tomorrow, we'll be arriving to set up for Debra Dean's first 2012 #IfAllOfRochester reading & book signing!
Time to find an apt today. Otherwise I could be homeless an no one wants that.
looked at me bending over al practice lol
I am a #dreamer, and when I wake- you can't break my spirit, it's my dreams you take.
I love Skittles <U+2665> Especially the red ones!
Let me know if anybody has updates on the trail riders' whereabouts & timing, esp. as they come down San Felipe past Kirby.
Oracle supports growth for home improvement group
Just an amazing, amazing day...
thanks! And on fb you said you're working on Nickelodeon... Which show?!
« tryna get two jobs for the summer so i can get some wheels and have money in the bank» two jobs =no life, endless tire
Only cuz we had to do a project.
Someone sould tweet me. Im bored and i wanna talk to someone
I think I wud become a vegetarian 1st lol :)
Ease of use, flexible on-iPad editing, alt file uploading (i.e. Dropbox), variety of high-quality transition options, etc.
34 days! OMG,
Volleyball? What's this, Ina?
“: HTOWN! Where yall at?” hiding from your illiterate ass
New to twitter! Gotta figure this thing outt. (:
We know there is a recession going on right now. That's why we are giving you 19 bands for only $12!! You won't find a better deal anywhere!
Happiness is not needing stitches for my latest abrasion! LOL I am such a mess with cuts and bruises lately... Happiness is being alive!!!
I thought writing was easier than making a film. little did i know.....
It's a shame Rod Blagojevich can't stay and enjoy the weather...
In Darkness Let me Dwell is Dowland's most moving among many moving works
oh gawd that will take forever for me!!!
Who got the album yesterday/today? I got it on
Glad to know Jimmy Iovine passed on the Flashdance soundtrack and is still worth $400 million.
Can't wait for this trip to the islands *^<U+2581>^*
Yes! It's so exciting. I'll look forward to giving you a tour. I hope your writing is going well. xo
Impress your date tonight. Bring her to in !
Thanks for the #shoutout Happy
Please follow my twitter. I've wanted to be a rapper ever since I could talk. It'd mean the world to me.. I'll follow anyody back.
“: Not working again today” you have a job? Mind blown
sorry #occupychicago, if you were #teaparty, the police would leave you alone & none would go to jail. Yay...justice. Yay..."democracy".
Even though I act like I don't mess wit him..
She said he sound like Dave
sweet!! Nice job man!
Good night Nutella... I will see you in the morning.... :-)
Had a good nye with my baby <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Good luck to everyone going to state in jacksonville.
Ok, thanks.
I think the uncle he is referring to is Sam.
Being on my period is the excuse I use to be a bitch
now im really regreting not going to the botdf concert today!!:/
RT : one thing that bothers me is that blk women can't seem to come together & respect each others space. y u gotta hate?
Michelle Obama is giving her husband a fierce introduction. Right now at the Obama campaign rally in Ohio. Barack!
Thanks. Resent!
It's a hands in the pocket kind of day
Just got done eating #subway YUUMM it's the best eating place on the planet!!
Great #followfriday peeps!
One of those loonnnggg days.
I will NEVER forget the old Austin
Sad. My absolute favorite modcloth jacket (wuthering delights) is no longer available. Not that I could have bought it, but, still.
love you too! #ethics makes me a #sadtommy though
China has more English speakers than the united states does
I need Justin in my pants. Like now.
work. grad school. ebayinggg. lotsa fun. eyes on the prize!!
One of my favorite things is to hide my toys and then act like I need help finding them. It makes my humans think they are heroes.
aww I miss you too! It's a shame we can never meet up lol
I always appreciate a super strong 1pg resume with a link to a LinkedIn profile with all the detail if I want to dig further.
Men never remember, but women never forget.
Good Morning Tweeties!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Head still spinning from today's amazing HealthCa.mp. Thx !
exactly. I was in the zone of not being able to distinguish nausea from hunger. I choose wisely! Feel much better.
Education IDAs started by people with a community college education were most likely to increase their education
why aren't you here!
Looks like the mixer is takin' a break.
Celeb sightings so far: Patton Oswalt, Tony Shalhoub, and some guy named Paul who's in a show on the CW.
oh ok...cool..thats good..awesome sauce!!! Wassup tho? :)
Also, the show is still only 2 episodes old. So many shows take far longer to become watchable.
Man . I Promised I Wouldnt Tell .. && I'm NOT -- But I HAVE NO RESPECT FOR DUDE ASS AT ALL.
Over 75% of women and a growing percentage of men color their hair.
Are we done with the severe weather? has your forecast at 11 on
Just read your great article about Batman. Definitely made me think about my favorite hero and why I find him interesting.
we should meet up sometime!!
Will do.. Going through beats now RT Ay bruh. Hit me up with whatever you need for that mixtape.
I feel your pain.
i hug my mom on mother's day and she automatically assumes i want money?........i mean, i'll take it if she's offering.......
Thank you Curtis!!
Up at 3am for a 7am flight now leaving at 9am. Which means there's a good chance I'll miss my connection at DFW. Good morning to you too.
oh yes!:) and ive also been unsuccessfully trying to write:P
Apr 27,1942: Colville: "I gave Christopher Soames a lecture on not appearing to have too much of the PM's ear. Dangerous for his future."
Just serving lunch to BCG...
i told u that u aint miss nuthin anyway trust me
midnight run? Sure. Lord, speak to my heart and open my mind
report cards done. t-minus 2 days…can't wait <3
Alamo Preshow DVDs. Released in volumes. Get on that. Ever yours, Rockie.
YES. OMFG I TOLD HER THAT I COULDNT DATE HARRY COS HES DATING LOUIS&SHE WAS LIKE "yeah I thought so he's got a great butt"xD
Tony's Southern Fried Chicken tonight at both Hyde Park Bar & Grill locations. Chicken so good we treat it like a controlled substance!
Tuesday Morning Football cause this is the most amateur game for penalties...
RT : There is a striking set of on the stage at Antone's tonight...// makes them look even more purdie
That's still 400 million people, which isn't bad. If anything it sounds like too many.
Tyga meets mr. Miyagi: racks on racks off
Absolutely, loving it!
Rivarly game at Musky tongiht at 7:30 PM. Let's keep it rolling boys.
i'm super stoked! stay tuned for pics :)
YALL FOLLOW MY DOG --->
that's fantastic
yeahh, i know what you meann .
thank you, Richard!
My grandma passed on May the 17th. Today's date. She was 100% italian and the most beautiful woman i knew inside and out. #iloveyou <3
listening to "my shiny teeth" is always a good idea.
I can't wait to watch it!
Awwwh thank you ;)
geez man.
the evening and weekend games are obviously a better choice for everyone...no distractions :)
Yes, it's a good feeling when you can level up 9 times in a single round of drop zone!
So many new tweeps from - thank you! Looking forward to tweeting with you all :). Good luck.
Time for this guy to go home
well dresses like a lady, but you are the REAL Hottie :D
Gotta agree! Our bbys never let us down. heheheh
This love has taken it's toll on me, she's said goodbye too many times before.
Round Table discussion up next with Tim Golden, Brandon Fears, Stephen Shultz, Peter Ulrik Groth
I am following you!
Wahh I just got this. Next time!
Of course! Actually, all of it was from my wishlist; I have 200 items there, which is crazy.
Don't forget to post about the MLB playoffs. Where are all the pissed Philly fans and nervous Yankee fans? Let it all out at FailFL.com
I need to thank my wife for a wonderful dinner. Let's get ready for tomorrow
Hopefully all of our classes give us a study guide so that we know what to study for the midterms.
Maybe you should give a copy of "Walt's Greatest Worship Moves" DVD. Then again.....maybe not! :-)
I'm good! Just in the middle east lol and followed!!!
your mad crazy yoo! ben and jerrys is the shit :D
“Paintings&poetry, music&fashion, design&dialogue, they all define who we are as a people.” Michelle Obama
Yes, I am the moron who just pressed the assistance button twice on the inbound Belmont platform thinking it was the heater switch
Havent been in ere for a while lol
The #VA General Assembly is too busy disenfranchising women & gays to pass effective legislation. I'm glad we have our priorities in order.
M&A Tip of the Day-Selling your business? Make sure your seller's disclosures are filled out and signed. It's for your own protection!
#EVERYONE follow me #HURRY #
Childish Gambino is that nigga dude.
thank you!!! we're very excited. thank you for coming by! ^jv
what are you looking forward to on the iphone 5?
Heavens above - I've been on a paper writing spree, both at work and for school. Thank goodness AIM taught me how to type back in the day.
"You think you crazy? I'll show you crazy...TRY ME BITCH!!!" -Bey ": "You came into my house you touched my child""
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.- Pablo Picasso
Trying to schedule something for when I make it to LA, but don't know date yet. Did two phone ones, so this will be onsite.
The GTWT girls were up bright and early for the 7:00am Adelante Mujer Latina Conference. Taking control of their futures!
Only one week in Tally & I've picked up such a bad habit! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Boy: Will the water cool the acid down in your stomach or will the acid cool the water down?
but did he at least support students' constitutional right to carry concealed weapons??
MT : SM needs to be an integral part of a campaign. Can't make a FB page & walk away, will lose people
U GOT SOME OF THE MOST VISOUS EAR BANGERS OF ALL TIME HOW MUCH FOR A BEAT BRUH
Oh well, live life with no regrets.
Our front loading washing machine shakes the house more than a 4.6 eathquake.
Just made 3 of my lists public to help others on twitter. I would love any suggestions for additional people or organizations to be added!
you're welcome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Music is your own experience, your own thoughts, your wisdom. If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn.
Thanks for the recommendations!
nice to meet you too! Have a safe trip back and come see us again soon!!
Nearly filled a shredder cleaning obsolete copies of things from my desk.
yea. what you lookin for in specific?
it's on it's way to surely (:
Great snack idea! RT : I love frozen grapes!
Me too!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe That Meeting New People Isnt As Bad As It Seemd
yeah, yeah that's what the all say..
That's what she said.
track mobile phone GPS location, incoming and outgoing smartphone event log information and send it to an on-line secure website.
iPhoto for iOS is now available from the App Store; downloading it as we speak, review to follow. If you've installed it, what do you think?
Happy birthday x3
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 44
Now I just rock a polo and call it a day lol
Trey, I was like yo trey, do you think you can buy me a bottle of rosay
Money on my face
#IGotToASchool With people I barely talk to ... Me and my niggas is nobodies
This one of those times i Wish I had a big family
This nigga goes so hard in the paint that Home Depot doesnt have enough paint to cover him
Kamala : Who is your favorite wrestler of all time? Hashtag #GOAT”
Any plans to add vegan option and ability to log into account on the mobile app soon?
Praying for all my Texas people. I miss that state so bad, especially under circumstances like this...
how did i misspell busy twice in the same sentence?
Enjoying a book and a surprisingly good cup of coffee on the train to Boston!
“: 4hr and countin till I get flexed on <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>” ya you will get flexed on
Mom: I got you some megablocks Me: I wanted Legos Mom: They are the same thing Me: NO
You are most welcome! Happy to connect with you!
National tour announced today to start in 2013. No dates yet.
now he's just Joe...smh
Home stretch of mixing "Christmas Time Is Here (and Chanukah and the Solstice)." Title song w/ gorgeous orchestra, "Let It Snow," much more.
really great hearing you speak after the #showingup screening- thank you for being an actor friendly and supportive CD!
What song is stuck in your head today?
chachi r u gana watch jersey shore tonight?
go stuff your face with McDonald's breakfast m
u r fucking hot!!!
I gotta admit, that was a clutch shot by Kobe.
RT : Getting so excited - will be accepting submissions soon! Keep an eye out for ways to share your journeys!
It's not over yet but it looks like it will be #LAKINGS #yotes in the Conference Finals.
Wow...Canada???lol
Today I'm living in a cloud
Past guests include
worth more than $1..they're yummy.
Read, read, read. It's the story of my life.
My jam of the day is Cee Lo Green's "Fool For You" featuring Melanie Fiona
I know it's obvious, but can I just say — having 3 NBA teams in one city is dumb.
Come into #sandwichmeinchicago for a delicious lunch alternative in
We have not released any songs yet as we're waiting to get a vocalist. But yes we definitely will have some of those.
I DIDN'T IT'S COOL...U DOING WHAT YOU SUPPOSED TO BE DOING...YOU AIN'T WRONG HOMIE
In Gaza zoo, stuffed animals join live ones
Who gives a fuck RT Stopped at McDonalds for a milkshake. Couldn't find a Dairy Queen in this part of DSM.
. Do you have any archaeological or art history online sources on ancient fish symbols connected to the goddess Themis?
Sittin here listening to #Yes the #Fragile album. And collecting a list or random stuff for some person.
yeah GG will be nuts next season can't wait!
Listening to Josh Wilson. Remember when we hung out with that dude at Cherokee? Those were fun times! I miss that.
shure I can
How rude. Welp it is a concealed weapon after all.
Easier said than done! But I guess that's why it's a mantra! Thanks!
Who is ? Hilarious. Spent the last 20 minutes reading their tweets. I had NO IDEA wore granny panties!?
Negative campaigns!!! Is this what America needs??? Don't we have enough negativity in this country???
The first screening for the 48hour project entries starts in 3 min. and half my popcorn bag is gone.
God I wish I knew how to quit you
awesome! I will projector that video this evening!
Who got words with friends on here send me user name
ok - ROCKED
True, but many ppl actually use their names It's amazing the personal stuff ppl post on Facebook. I say keep it professional
#SANANTONIO WE #TAKINOFF this about to go down and
Seriously, see how many members of Congress would sign "No Meet With Corp Lobbyists Pledge". Edwards & Sanders?
Hope it helps. I find a good run (well actually a good sweat) usually helps clear out congestion for me!
#random. But i wanna go to a spa.
love you Brooke! I had an awesome time too! :)
Happy Sunday morning... getting ready to head to St. Sabina for worship. Put God first in your lives!
thank you so much Melanic. The people really enjoyed you. I hope I can be of help to you in the future.
Anniversary Ride TONIGHT! 6pm meetup at the shop, then a ride around the East Side, then beer @ Von Trier! Come ride with us!
I sware everytime that I see you, I feel more and more happier, and everything feels right with you and only you<3!:)
Aw finally said they love me back lol.That must have been cash that said it "shh but we love you a lil more" YUP sounds like CASH
That is awesome! Congrats =)
thanks for the follow
Blessings always come to those that move thru life with good intentions...
That was the most beautiful phone call ever <3 my baby I adore him :)
I wouldn't do that for him.
You are most welcome. Much love. ~Justin & Matt
The best feeling... knowing you have nothing to do tomorrow and can sleep in al day :)
how dare you...
at #occupytheweb, first hackathon for a social movement. Ready to make icons!!!!
What's your least favorite day to receive emails from companies marketing to you?
this is amazing!!!! you always send me the best cat stuff :)
its an obsession? the intrigue?
Memphis can't make a shot
with respect to what? Where? And when?
It sucks how society judges people by their looks rather than their interests or personality.
Creative - Never underestimate the value of quality creative writing
thanks it worked.
Atlanta won! Woo! And Chargers just about won too! :]
Did you know the Seattle Human Services Department funds 16 food bank sites across Seattle?
I'm not gonna be wearing this man shoes and I'm playing against him.
Just realized i dnt have anything to do.! Ugh! Boring Saturdays.. =(
Play ball! It's opening day!!
Ha just realized this..once you stop caring about what people think; life is so much more fun. Went hard tonight baby.
#Romney holds 7 pt. lead over #Santorum in #VermontPrimary. Lead a lot slimmer than expected.
it's cold, child! What r u thinking?!?!?
"lay-ups build character"
Love that blog.
Learned this from when I was in 5th grade got a zero on an essay and looked at it and told trey...."looks like a titty" haha
Ever attend an big awards event and realize you were only one there NOT being honored?
lmao shut up
Excellent! Where do you live? Hard tho not impossible to keep chickens in the city - I keep frogs, salamanders, fish, & dog
And never once absented when presenting!
idk but he just posted some funny ass shit... or at least i thought it was.
Anyone eaten at Barney's Beanery in West Hollywood on 66? Planning an itinerary for the trip next summer and looks like a great meal.
I'm excited too! This is going to be fun.
Thanks for having us! We had a blast!
I wish it rained everyday for at least a week so i could catch up to and his friggin tan.
Little sister's 6th grade graduation tomorrow (:
Thanks for your support Staci. Enjoy 15% off a Medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout by 4/1/12.
same here. it's intimidating! take heart: RWL is much-loved at c4l. many props will be given.
they are really great :) Hm no nothing special here.. I'm going to hang out with a few friends later ;)
Jordan and Barkley here
RT : Against all odds: Her collection of intensely feminine dresses and shapely tailored jackets and skirts co-design......
Listening to trying to get myself pumped for this exam.
Ou jerseys are sweet!
thanks for giving my friend a follow! He's new to it all!
And playing plo is mistake #2 right?
Overdrive's Digital Bookmobile will be @ Galleria Lib TODAY, 12-6! Curious about eReader buzz? Here's your chance to hear from the experts!
CCAS' Noureddine Jebnoun on 's Situation Room today at 5pm EST talking to about
#YouKnowItsTheEndOfTheSchoolYearWhen Gutierrez starts wearing his Hawaiian shirts
Thanks for the follow! , ,
3pm matinee today of #IAmMontana. Then just 4 more chances left to catch it before we close next weekend!
Oh fuk yeah! It's on! {RT : because you and I are gonna rage right???
awww sorry, i got caught up flirting with other girls lol.... but here's yours (((( ))))) love ya!
Drunk squirrel? Sadly, no. Found an injured squirrel by my home. Another neighbor came out w/a box and took it to
If her claps turn into applause
Goodmorning !<3 guess where im tweeting you from (;? If you guessed band your right ;) aha
Great interview! We'd luv 2 show u how our ePortfolio captures evidence of credentials & informal learning.
what was the debate?
Fresh watch Dontari. you gunna rock that tomorrow??
great to meet you earlier today. Wonderful community at
I'm going to watch GI Joe: Rise of Cobra while waiting for my agent to call. Thanks #channingtatum for being there for me. Don't judge.
Hope we get some overtime games in the playoffs.
i might have to do it tomorrow because its super quiet in my house and ill wake everybody up!
Tough to choose a favorite for me...
That's one of those strange ones that just doesn't make any sense...
Or not enough
#tech2012 nobody wants big govt., but important limited role. Not a b&w issue of regulation vs. deregulation.
is hilarious
Make an appointment today. We soon will be accepting insurance, right now we only accept cash patients (cash, money order, debit/credit).
Can people live in space? Yes. Can we live on a planet that has resources, water and an atmosphere we can convert? YES
thanks for the mention!
Yea, I don't typically like him in other people's stuff. But this sounds great.
who do you see?
You know the drill. Dance for the GEAR. Dance like you've never danced before. For Freedom. For Life. For Love. For GEAR...
For craft soda pop nerds, try Henry Weinhard's classic Black Cherry Cream soda. It's cream soda w/ a twist, just in time for
First day back at work. London is nice and gloomy today.
Sometimes I feel like cussing out a celebrity!
shower in your tears
have a safe trip back! look forward to catching up w/ you. still kinda bummed i missed public media camp... /
“: working lol..also we're using ur gear in Que's new video soon”<-- Thats Sick Right There. When U Shootin
No prob, tell us how you like it!
Fresh from the ochean : shrimps on the barbie
Live, Work, Shop in Dundalk Maryland. Want great crabs go to Jimmy’s Seafood at. 6526 Holabird Avenue Baltimore, MD 21224 (410) 633-4040
Congrats #Yotes fans. Good luck in the next round. Sincerely,
thanks dawg!!! Super stoked!
Sometimes my grandma can be so annoying. Don't get me wrong I love her but she's just so irritating sometimes... Urggg. -___-
Thanks love.. Following.. ;)
Thru Chpt 4 of SWB edits. Terrible headache. This is what happens when you realize 1st Person POV isn't the best decision. Reversible, tho'.
small world! :)
I hate this job.
Has anybody ever tried to call the ph# on the side of Walter's Van for Sobchek Security in The Big Lebowski?
oh...I'm seeing 3 rockets at Wallops....AWESOME!!!
Never try open a door that is locked at school, with your head. Hahahah xD.
Thanks Lee!
I bet Little Miss Tap is pissed. lol
Inbox: Gov. Cuomo nominates former Gov. Paterson to the Board of the MTA.
RIP Friedrich Kittler
The glorious days is gone, and everybody's doin' bad Yo, mad lives is up for grabs Brothers, passin away, I gotta make wakes
THAT'S THE TERM! LOL. You just schooled me. I think you should do like Beyonce & make a concept video for every song!
I sent you a DM because I didn't want to tweet it just in case it would spoil it for someone.
Intellectuals solve problems; Geniuses prevent them. ~Albert Einstein
bulldawg for sure. Had to been using green & gold color scheme, no doubt.
t!n $h!t b!tcH? cause I'll fuck you up hoe~
At lunch blah so bored ! Haha tweet me .
it was might first trip. I sprung for the Sinatra.
Come on Idaho Senate! I can't WAIT to spend that whole $71 in tax relief I'm gonna get! </sarcasm>
What's the price of the new Curtis Gold Cup brewer? Anyone?
I can understand how someone who was a slave to fashion would be mortified by appearing in public wearing clothing or a hairstyle...
take #RacingForm here #2 at the meadows
I smell stickers.
Of course, my account would run out during the three days my credit card is being replaced. Boo for ads and no on-the-go music.
You're a very pretty woman, would love to see you on the big screen one day. Good luck!
#InAGhettoHousehold their are bags filled with cans to recycle
Thank you, thank you.
RT : (910): It's amazing I mean I blew that senator just for him to deny me marriage.... Politics suck and he swallowed!
Miss You A Lot :( Wish I Could Talk To You :( I Misses My Ju-On #2 :) Cuddles Misses Officer DominguEz :P He Can't Stop Crying :P
We are doing great! How are you guys?
#Seahawks rookie RT James Carpenter (torn ACL) out for rest of season
could you please follow me TE AMO!!!!
RT Starting Monday I will officially be contributing to rush hour traffic as a full time employee #endofjobsearch #happy!
These last past years turned me to a Monster with flows...Typical
He's not followin me Rt : RT if Niall isn't following you. (I'm gonna follow some of you, must be following me <3)
I like Bey, but I love Solange. I love how unfiltered she is. She says/does what's in her heart.
Watching Mob Wives with Viggle Sun | 5PM | VH1 Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Words hurt. It's also the actions that follow.
Yes! And then post a photo!
Where the hoes ?
Leaving school early <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> >
#MyFavoriteText I was wrong. You were right.
I am saying a prayer for you because you need some tremendous help. May God have mercy on your soul.
If Romney wants to attract young voters, he'll get rid of old has beens like Ted Nugent
i dont know the tittle. i love almost all of them lmao
taylor swift should've won. this is ridiculous.
You're welcome--now as well under 'Fundamentals'
The secret phrase is "Nunc est bibendum" by the way. Just remember: awesome responsibility.
They're not just for looking pretty. Adjust the mirrors and radio "before" you start driving.
Your smile is upside down... RT FATabul0us_Lola <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I'm in the same boat. I'm probably going to have no more than 3 hours of sleep :(
Consider, voicing your opinion on this link site, it is important, specially for those of us in Chicago. chicagocitizens.uservoice.com
Fuck school Tomorrow, keys bound <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
next up for me is Segmentation and Personalization. You?
we could all do a hangout in google+ perhaps?
Ha! Just as I suspected - there is no such word as, "verbage." Why all of a sudden do people seem to be using it everywhere?? ?
never!!! Ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever(:
all I've eaten today is jalepeno chips and a cup of chili.
except Holliday isn't a point guard
If you have come down with the flu and the doctor says you have the twitterbug! you might be a digital redneck!
Standin out in the rain
That's a good thing though!
You now have a goal & begin to set up steps to get to it. Sometimes it helps to figure the steps backwards, sometimes forward. You decide.
Our Development Committee met last night and we have good news to report- we're already 96% of the way to our fiscal year goal!
And I love my breakfast but it doesn't make me want cold pizza or doughnuts any less.
eNjOyiNg mY tIme with K.k.K wHiLe the ReAL MrS. RAMIREZ spends some QT with her HUBBY...!
Crazy hOw yu cant even trust ya bestfriend.
#HarryPotterFilmFinale can't wait to get it!
You want everything
We have ties for your fathers day gift! thesilktie.com
Yall can't fuck wit the police lol # in my day-day voice
Wait - your socks are marked left and right?
he's not a hypocrite. He believes life starts at conception so he's protecting the baby. Make fun of his beliefs: not hypocrite.
It's a great re-invention of the game! RT 3 words: Angry. Birds. Space.
Back in Chicago. No need to throw a parade Mr. Emanuel. I know you're strapped for cash. #i'mahumbleman.
Well goodnight twitter, not feeling so well in a lot of pain :(
if you say you're ready to make change, you're the right person to make that change happen.
And the PRESIDENT just mentioned in a tweet! Anybody want to send us happy hour booze now!
just wanted to say we got tickets to your show and cant wait to see you.. at SHOWARE IN KENT WA /WOULD LOVE TO MEET YA!!!
Lunchtime and I feel good!! It's hot as hell but im so happy!!
S/0 to my lil cousins : I want y'all to play on my church basketball team! Y'all down?
“: watching rap music videos.” my life, your entertainment #truelife:ifilmrapmusicvideos
Hahaaa my fat metal friend!
idk, his mustache might be cooler than yours
Adele should have the option of donating her extra speech time to needy acts like the Foo Fighters
Reality is that which persists. Which exists in all periods of time. Remains the same in the past, present and future.
yeah okay, well im gonna have quite an early night so i can sleep in the hotel because i wanna be quite bubbly in the car!
Hey big john...ever get the cable fixed?
Thanks for my science scholarship honoring alum/astronaut Judith Resnik, who died in Challenger explosion 25 yrs ago today.
My wife and I have a similar understanding: me with the books, her with the shoes. :)
This is cool. Related, doesn't Captain America seem like he would be a DC character?
Thank you! We hope it helps you connect with books and authors & we're here to help if you need anything!
You're welcome Matt and thanks! We've enjoyed working with you the past 6 years! www.think-arch.com
Movee fat Panda :)
www.FreeXpedia.com #1 site for: Flights,Hotels,Car-Rentals,Cruises,Vacations,Great Travel Deals,Travel Resources,Tickets,Attractions, & more
not helping...
ehh it's alright just miss playing futbol
Go #bearcats! All of #Cincy is behind you! Xavier can have Norwood...
We'll see who will be saying yolo when I'm rich and employed and you are my maid... Have fun ruining your life<U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Kid doesn't know what mountain of vegetables (think the Alps) she will have to pass through first.
At a great workshop with in New Orleans for NeighborWorks.
I am one of the first members!! C'mon all sign up! You are already an
You are so good to get out your newsletter once a week! What is your secret?
#Barrack said that if he had a son he would look like Treyvon.
cleaning up the studio after construction so I can get back to work.
We are Broadcasting LIVE inside CLUB EMPIRE with Homie Marco and DJ Mister E! 410 and Culebra - It's THE ONLY place to be at tonight!
My internet connection or stinks tonight. Just got logged out of game, so I think it's the latter.
Swagg champ I got the BELT!!! That SnapBack with the snake skin you damn right I'm feelin myself!!!
Ass soo fat I need a lap dance !
Mom is home from the hospital! WOO HOO! I told everybody she'd beat cancer, she's a Woman Of STEEL... She's from PITTSBURGH, BABY!!
Thanks! : congrats to on 7 years of delicious, beautiful food-blogging!
awesome have fun using them
On the burner - ASHINA (SHE-WOLF) a horror story - remember the name, you'll be screaming it later ;)
just got done making da og boo dirty shes a freak remix beat
Looking forward to another exciting WI sports weekend! #gobrewers #gobadgers and #gopackers!! :)
Can you please tell everyone this is my new official twitter.
They judged everyone who walked in that house. That's why I stopped going.. And their perverted comments.
Informal research: athlete endorsements - the good bad and ugly. What are your thoughts on them? Do indiscretions really matter in the end?
Need to get MIA for the weekend.#$@%&
We have a full house starting from today and the rest of the weekend! Restaurant week is making us __________! (fill in the blank)
We are on a roll!!! We sent 297 people to set including: Persons of Interest Savannah Grant New Years Eve Smash
Hope your Tuesday is rocking along! Love those images on Instagram. A study of harbor life.
Enjoying getting to see my brother David Lewis leading in his element. Grateful to be playing banjo/mando/dulcimer at Living Hope this AM
That's the best way. Why waste time organizing and cleaning something Google canmanage better with its search?
looks fun!
hand up
LOL my mom "you can plan your wedding but leave the math to me." budget? What's that?
"What does who I am and who I am not mean in terms of what I want to accomplish in life?" Heather Haas Advisa
Holy crap. I love your photo.
Go n follow my other account
true that, just fly above all the drama
If you don't have dreams, they can't be crushed
Retweet & tell your friends to follow ! We'll keep you up to date with events in Africa and opportunities to volunteer!
I hate
You're welcome. Keep up the good work.
I am actually dining at Selma's with imaginary He was at Sheetz... or maybe the bookstore.
drinking orange crush and taking shots of washington apples! Partying with the white boys tonight in NC!!
Romney's tax returns are so straightforward he only needs four lawyers on a conference call tomorrow to defend them. RT
Omg....not sure, but that sounds awful :(
you are a wise man; we won't miss each other. Hasta nunca, bodoque.
Know you're having an amazing time - can't wait to hear all about it!
"These are not the tests you're looking for."
Announcement over #Palomar PA system: SDG&E is on campus trying to determine problem.
We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us. –E. M. Forster
#weightofthenation People who don't commute by car, but walk/bike are healthier.
I feel like Starbucks has turned into a junk food pusher- you can't buy a coffee without being offered a sweet...I need a new coffee place
Ran the toughest 2 miles in the Santa Monica Mountains - the Luna Loop!
we'll make that dinner up to you ! Have fun <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Its a lifestyle
Watch me be tired in like 5 minutes
Have a happy weekend, Colincito!
Oh, and if you're interested in going to see my band play in Wareham on Saturday, my mom will be driving if you wanna come with us! $10 tix!
I see it. Thanks!
Established actors offended by a 2nd, after working w/dir. in 1st. Demand respect. Talented actors can do this. We're busy right :)
I want you to go up to them and tell them, "Bianca said you was a BUM and you will get nowhere in life. Bum."
Playing Angry Birds while wearing an Angry Birds band-aid. I should be more embarrassed about being 2 and 1/2 years behind the curve.
I'm down for any chance to see Channing Tatum.
excuse me do I know u??? Where u been?
whats the plan :)
We're looking at the highest attendance ever for #wcreno tomorrow! Thanks everyone!
In the studio with Johnnie Miller going in on a R&B tune. PreHook and Hook are done now let's get the rest of it and build that catalog!!
It's expected to be about the same for Sunday's game that starts at 4 p.m. local time
they saw US One DIrection?
. See, Lynne? I tweeted something good. You taught me this many years ago (wink). Tweet something good, you said.
Did you say Rabbit Rabbit this morning?
Overdosing on ADD/ADHD medications can cause irregular heartbeat, sweating, vomiting, and uncontrolled movements.
Mayor Bieter to kick off Let's Move Boise! and dedicate the city's 2nd Mobile Rec Van 11a.m. today at Owyhee Park, 3400 W. Elder St.
good luck to your Phillies after this weekend. You at least have to appreciate the great ballpark though??
Wait there's more!
Of course. Couldn't be more poignantly messed up.
yes yes you are cough*harrystyles* cough :). So was up
My butt hurts..
i smell good :) LOL.
what should i do?
shuuu know it!
Those wedding photos are beautiful with that photographer. I love it!
oh I second that one! #drhottie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
ah gotcha, was it good? the only reason you should watch Garden State is if you are in the mood for a good cry
Damn, that's horrible. Lol.
LA can't On my way! To NYC just left FL
RT : #linc - getting ready for a terrific conference - can't wait to see customer/friends!
Heading back to Boston in a week to get moved into the apartment :) an 18-hour drive is gonna be a LONG one...
Now available square 3inch LED recessed downlight ,fully adjustable and lockable,wide range of trims & trimless option,18watt consumption
heat. All heat.
RT The pessimist complains about the wind. The optimist expects it to change. The leader adjusts the sails. - John Maxwell
i will try, but i have a lot to do
Thanks for the #FF mentions!
When you assume, you make an ASS out of U and ME.
Georgetown is 144 acres. Only would know that...
now that is gone the real party can start! (Why'd it take her so long to leave? sheesh!)
Looking forward to my first cup o' coffee and prioritizing my day's activities. Whoa, there's a lot to do! LIfe is full.
Seriously. Xref and Trac are prime examples of design by developer.
“: It's easy to live with someone when that someone is ” Barf...
We'll be at the National Night Out Celebration tonite at Helen Makle Park 2600 Block of Edmondson Ave. Free Food, Prizes, Music and more!
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. - Carol Burnett
So, you dated Jeremy, right? he's my bestfriend's bro c:
lol not that part but the everything else is suppose to be funny.
test - Kimber Ball Milled Slim Grips 1911 Officer, Compact Ambidextrous Safety Cut Micarta Black - MidwayUSA
welcome :) way more info in that one lol
i now have a new ITALIAN SUIT. also i got $24629 this month! it was very easy all thanks to www•reportmoney•net for teaching me how
Thanks for the follow as well - we've got your premiere on our calendar.
Made it home safe enjoyed working with you today!! See u soon!!
On the 40+ day of 100 degree weather my air conditioner said to me...CRASH!!
i see what he tryn to do...
they laughed. We are talking diversity & I was asked how do you identify myself. Just had this talk yesterday too
Sorry, I dont have enough time to hate you as much as you hate me. I'm just to busy Loving the people that love me.
We can be heroes just for one day
Week in Style Blake Lively stunned in a cobalt blue suit —with no shirt! See which others stars made us lust after their wardrobes (we 'r
I say whatever I want, when I want, hoe. RT : “: don't tell what to do” HAHAHA <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
RT : In 10 minutes, is scheduled to start interviewing President Obama. What will he say about gay marriage?
#20ThingsAboutMe 7.) I have a really big red birth mark on my thigh -__-
Animal cruelty is the worst.
Excuse me. I have been informed that West Florida Seminary has been renamed The Florida Military and Collegiate Institute.
do you have any fingernails left this early into the #brewers season
Tnxs for thr RT, are you coming to the food truck lunch?
Ask my partner
oh!! Haha so you're blaming a community over one person? ;P
yes, will show soon..
chewing on dis pussy like a piece of bubblegum
Just had mcdonalds..damn do i wish they had delivery..
My lil girl basketball games are the best she scored 28pts....:-) 13yrs old 5'9.... The world better watch out
Thanks for that post... I really needed it
Naw that bitch b naked lol
amazing weather! walked around #davissquare and today :)
Huh. A bunch of people just showed up in the library and headed towards the computer lab. I wonder who sent them over?
I will chat with from National Football Post in regard to free agent rookies at 230pm
Good luck & TY to Team CIS runners tomorrow in the Livestrong Austin Half/Full Marathon! Our waterstop is at Mile 4. We'll cheer u on!
the question is who gon stop me?
Seems to me like someone has been watching too much TBBT and taking on the role of Howard... Love you Kaley <U+2665>
very true...same for the flooding in the Dakotas during the winter months.
haha nope it seems legit!
iMeet cites a case study where inside sales staff increased conversions by 40% just by using a web cam in sales calls
Essentially Buddha teaches us to be our own psychologist
Do tell!!
REalizing that live-tweeting brain surgery would be hard... lots of big words.
ok Sorry
thanks so nothing but god
It's Friday night. Take a deep breath and relax.
He's getting his PhD at Kings College currently. I'll tell him to keep an eye out for you too.
you order eggs. i ask for chicken fetuses
Today I swam in Coeur d'Alene lake, rode quads hard, ate a feast, played some music and lost at pool twice. Thanks K Whit and family.
Time to get this shit together
I'm happy to! I've never been to Detroit but now I get to see the DSO live. Sounds incredible so far!
Booked a music video for the amazing band Liars. Very excited.
why are you tweeting on vacation?
Thanks for the info, seems to be so many fuzzy butts having skin issues this year!
your ideas are amazing! keep 'em coming!
Lots of t-shirt drama this week.
call Ashli and ask about our Sunday #Wedding Discounts (405)879-7015 let her help you plan your budget wedding!!!!
Get Acquainted with BAM Best Practices Using Packt's Latest Oracle BAM Book ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
awesome! I'm going to have to get some of those audio cubes
Plus if you don't participate nor vote, you don't have a voice. Sit the fuck down.
what you really need is a spell check lol ;)
Progress! I am now showered and dressed. Now, hair, make up, costuming, one last run through, and I'm ready.
I'm not sure Maryland weather has caught up with Christmas, it clearly wishes it was still October.
Hulk stole the show, hands down. And I love the CG effects on him. You could see Ruffalo's facial features.
#SEM10 "tricky tricky tricky tricky"
We have a Twitter account for those who live or visit Abilene, Texas!
I like em black caramel and red!
Concert at 7:00 better be there by 6:30 because of traffic
Toni is the most boring sister ever
NEED A BF. PLEASE
Is watching Dave Letterman man I cant wait to be his show. It's coming soon. Speak it into the world.
Awesome, refreshing day, today. Happy Friday everyone :)
OMG! My mentor went absolutely nuts1day when I 1st got n2 coachin on a group that did that Took the ball&didn't give it bak4a week
did you get a call from Randi today? She wants to know your prices for her wedding.
ahaha! I'm sure you did awesome! :]
I got to see them for the first time at a wedding reception which I wasn't planning on going to.
I obsessed over that movie for like six months when it came out. Inspired me to go on a film noir kick. So great.
I think its impossible to be at atlas without running into at least 1-3 programming friends
Ghetto superstar.
Happy Louboutin Monday!!! Can't believe I am going to get my Loubis signed by the one & only Christian Louboutin himself today!! Amaze.
happy easter and happy birthday to me!! :)
RT : note to self: always go running through african game parks with zebras and warthogs. way more fun that way.
Thinking about the Tempura Green Beans for lunch today!
Why do people own big cars if they can't drive them?
If you have thoughts on #DonnaSummer 's passing and don't mind sharing email me at
Thanks & farewell, splendid MW friends! (Parting would be more sorrowful if many of us weren't going to meet in 10 days at AAM.)
is speaking for the Gates Millennium Scholars - All Male Event at Canyon Springs High School
I guess they're playing a short set at an Admirals game soon. I'd go if I didn't have to sit through an Admirals game.
saw that when i was in SF! Wanted to go in.
Can't put this book down.
Time to see how good this movie 'Immortals' is.
Good, because I LOVE French fries : )
I hate when someone ask if you miss them, when you've only seen them 3 times. like, WTF!
#civilunions #coleg Great to see Hick now show that he cares...
. We're so excited that you're volunteering for ! Don't forget to tell all of your friends!
Follow on the campaign trail with Newt Gingrich in Cleveland
Thanks Chloe! Had a great time in Cape Town. :)
Yes!": #protip: leave extra time to walk to work, especially on a beautiful morning. Changes your mindset for the entire day."
Thinking about it.. Me & #oomf would really be too cute <U+263A>
Hate to hear that. Fall '12 really tough for class space/registration so far. Would recommend mtg w/ adviser to go over options.
Congratulations to Justin Thompson of Juniper Tulsa and the rest of Tulsa Business Journal's 2012 class of The Tulsa 40!
An authentic life is the most personal form of worship
why don't you have to go to school?
I bet ain't no clubs gonna book With that million dollar fee smh
Kaylie: "2005, that's the year I was born.." wait... Little girl, that's the year I graduated grammar school
you had me at #dorkshorts. I think I'm in love.
I laughed out loud to that one
I don't think it has anything to do with collective bargaining. 86yrs old, might not be safe or physically able. Find some logic.
lol! You watching Harry? That's funny... I like wizards n witches!
Great game!!! Not bad for a BCC team that had never played together.
Kacie B. has that scary good looking/not good looking thing about her. Yuck.
Jackson is now berating the CFO because the district spent about $100k more than it was allowed to (I think) bit confusing
yuss! i have to get up at 6 and its alrapeady almost 12 :/
Bird By Bird by Anne Lamott. It's mostly about fiction writing but a fun, insightful read.
So did they just forget about ?? It's still in Beta and I want the rest of the books to come out!
Hi Miss Vicki hou r u? Follow back. Need to DM you. thx
Oh, Thanks for ditching me you so called friend..
spill the beans! ;)
Yep. Go Pacers!
Madison get ready...Snow beginning late tonight, eventually winding down late Thursday night.Snow accumulations, 6 to 8 inches.
That can't be good... That and your ability to handle vast quantities of liquor were your only real strong suits lol
Hi im Chelsea :)
Almost on my level
Check It!!! www.SquE-Z.com
Haha! Thank you, thank you! We have yummy mocha cuppiecakes in the office.....
Chrysler will not repay U.S. taxpayers more than $7 billion in U.S. loans it received earlier this year and as part of its bankruptcy fi ...
Hoping I win these universal tickets so I can sell them! Lol
Whoever took our username is a dick. Ahem,
lol--and me, too. Debating if I back up and restart this scene or just push through and leave it for the second draft. Argh!!
delete render files, turn off autosave, reboot, clean media cache, export, SUCCESS. Third time's a charm.
Get connected!!!!!
doin the cookin dance with my bestie like bosses !
S/o to for bein my 340th follower
Terminal C is certainly the prettier United terminal at EWR. Too bad my flight wasn't there! (barely made it)
Whatever is achieved must be achieved with the full exercise of passion, of vision, of pain, of fear, and of sorrow
you fucked it up in Texas
Im just so irritated
is so forgetful lol...how do you forget in 5 minutes
Oops, sorry, forgot we don't have slides about ORCID. But we should have audio from that session available next week.
SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE! No. 14 is back from the printer; contributor / distro / press copies to go out in the next few days.
Dying. RT If you say "husband" 30 times super fast it starts to taste like vodka.
I realize I've posted the same link twice in two days. I'm just that fascinated by the whole JD/Nazi/Disney thing.
Leadership is at its best when the vision is strategic, the voice is persuasive, and the results tangible. - Michael Useem
Loss of 5 with gore passing. Improvement over smith 10 yard sack.
Security IS pretty tight in that location. I'm shocked. Shocked!
Super Bowl starts at 3:30, so Kickoff your day w/ #Brunch at Lottie's from 11-3, best Bloodys & Mimosas in
Yup trying to be optimistic <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
yup go blue
I know. She's pure perfection!
#WorstTimesToGetABoner yoga class
Just planned the meals for the week using and and #Giant grocery. Yeah! I hope I actually save money this week!
OKC Party Bus' Blue Magic just came available tonight Friday March 12. Call now for a deeply discounted rate 447-2446 www.okcpartybus.com
Thoughts go out to all who live in the carolina's! Be safe hopefully Hurricane Irene just blows on by
Yes. Very Informative
- Nice!!! Looks like you had fun in my town. :)
Damn I'm tired of all these test reviews.
F.Y.I. Cupcake wine tastes NOTHING like cupcakes.
Where do you guys jam?
Second, Gonzales will be a big dissapointment
is looking for an Analog Design Engineer for Philips Healthcare in Bothell, WA to work on cutting edge ultrasound products. 1-3 years expe…
Mad love homie!
at the park with
Klaggle's consumer product ratings, based on the analysis of millions of reviews, launched on Bennett's Camera retail website.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! Even though it still isn't your B-day yet in the US!!
My stomach hurt.
Housebound with the kids today? You can relate to Noah cooped up in that ark, can't you? Read HUMANLY SPEAKING.www.willowmoonpublishing.com
we'll see about that (:
Rockin the new AC Newman album alot these days
$80 for a return flight for a time that was convenient for me? After giving up my seat and adding an entire day to my trip?!
also think "censorship" is strong for a situation where a vendor does not want to distribute what amount to coupons for a competitor
Wish I could retweet all of the "why is Bosh here", "the big 2 plus Bosh", etc. etc. statements.
and went harder than and this year.
I just can't help myself. Jewish boys get me every time.
You've been hacked.
That would be very cool!!
Visiting with my sister and her children from California and mother from New Jerset
Brush your shoulders off
yea i do. I think that was way to harsh. An entire season? Seriously?! You can set the precedent, but that is way to much imo.
Is a Major Announcement Similar to A Major Award? Leg Lamp?
ahh yes tis the days of multitasking
I want to know which doctor Zimmerman went to see. We know he prob refused to go to hospital that night. Then next day, "injuries" appear.
haha what was the score?
Thanks bae!!!! RT : I hope u ladies get everything your hearts desire
I would say depends on how dangerous a tow it was. Regardless all the tipping has gone out of control.
Work blows monkey turds!!!
I have a family of 4 and all kinds of prescription needs with kids etc. Not stealing my business from Walgreens yet.
Purchase bleach-free, toilet paper that is made from the highest post-consumer waste content you can find (80% minimum)
so what's the possible, or likely, sentence? Some sort of probation?
I'm Jus sayin. Ur both Gus lookin sorry if it made ya bad. Jus a thought.
Good morning folks, happy Friday!!
aye babe<3
yea i'm ok... i thoguht i felt it a little but at the time i thought i was imagining things. wasn't too shaky.
Leftover Salmon this week. You better go because I can't!
oh! Happy birthday Kumi! Have a great day and celebration! ^_^
I don't know you young brother... but I know your my brother
gonna be
I'm telling you giving a dude head for 10 minutes will insure u good dick and bomb head trust me
THE TROUBLE WITH FLIRTING is my next YA novel--due out next winter.
Happy birthday!
I'm in Washington, just outside Seattle. Do you have prospects up here?
I like that too! Lol
I love my life && the people that has entered it but still tryna get this one outta my head :(<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> its hard
It's abundantly clear Taco Bell makes food for weedheads & stoners. You must be high to eat tacos with Doritos or hot corn chips in them.
MT : #FL Politifuct's own damn paper reports on escaped rapist in '08. FL Politifuct says last escape was '05. Nice fact...
Is it 5 yet? Well, It's 5 o'clock somewhere. Where's my flask? HA HA HA! Just messin!
good for you, niece ! :)
Boxwire #BizTip: Always tell your customer what you CAN do for them. Don't begin your conversation by telling them what you CAN'T do.
Once you go iPhone you can't go back
Thanks for following, Dr. Cilea! cb
Does anyone know of a way to download the #NAISAC12 program? They turned off the Issuu option, I think.
Go pacers!
& for the record, the only purpose milk serves in my life is to be poured over my ice cream ; ))
camping. for the weekend!
Just welcomed Chocoholicsdiary.com as a contributor to successful blogging. All about hobby blogging.
I AGREE AND DISAGREE WITH THAT
I was responding to E Alperts query on where to find international population statistics.
we can go no where but up
So proud of the Seattle Mariners. Ackley is the real deal!
yay I hope u like Miami!!! Can I give u a tour plz?? Haha it's free
Wow, with those are you running for congress?
Why do girls get so jealous of each other & possesive then push ppl away
been in love with your music since the show in Santa Monica and was very nice meeting you ! Hope to see you in LA soon again
I like this concept. People like to invest in their community and this provides an easy mechanism for all to participate
Last night to go out during the school year! Going to make it a great one :) <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
My plan is to park the car & ride my bike and bus in Austin, TX for
well school in the mornin unless they call it off b/c of flooding so yeah g`night lol
Why are #you on my mind?
RT #EveryoneHasThat1Friend who remembers the lyrics to backstreet boys and nsync songs so we can bust out random acapell...
Argh. It's a frustrating life sometimes.
My inner child is crowing, insulting Rufio, and having a food fight. Thank you.
Im doing alot. But I can do more.
They need to build a One Direction merchandise store...in my bedroom.
- we have a platform used by music/sports/ent properties. Could we setup short call to discuss your digital objectives?
What to do when crackle polish got thick? OPI said use OPI Polish Thinner. China Glaze said shake it up if that doesn't work then it's done
Indeed. RT : Stoked to work with at . The game is changing! Get with it.
hi there fan of miley
Dave TV is about the same age? or older?
RT : It's not about an app strategy, desktop strategy or mobile strategy, it's just plain strategy. -
forildo I just opened up my computer and it was on the portland craigslist page. i did not put it there. a ghost
Free yourself from your programming! Act out! Be unconventional!
learn as we go, right? But it's all good, I ain't trippin :)
wat that a.z like bro
Ommmmggg no way!
Just watched 's stand up. Mad props. Had me geekin the whole time. Give it a listen freshauthority.blogspot.com
You guys are halfway through the day! Ladies, you have something ever better to look forward to...FREE beer from 10pm-11pm tonight!
good to hear. We still have about 7.5 hours to go. Fuck.
God I hate diarrhea... do yourself a favor and don't eat a strippers cooking unless she's culinary school:-)
thanks love!
Are ya ready?? Do ya know i fee it to
Like your not fooling me.
But not Twitter? Curious...
What is this music playing at Santorum HQ?
Maybe I should pay you to drive me. :)
Great night last night. My feet are killing me :( today is relax, slow music, be me. Kisseessssss
Why do I end up being the only girl with grosssman & his friends!!??;
Physically, Mentally, Emotionally Tired.
Goin to San Diego for work this weekend..gotta wake up at 4am on Sat morn -.-..comin back on sunday night.
Yeah I went there back in '98, and dropped in a few times since. Big Library, great tuition rates, and liked everything!
CT for a few months b/c offered a job too good to pass up, then off to be wicked pissah in the Boston area for ... ever?
Replacing LaDanian Tomlinson for the Jets is...Tim Tebow?
Cant get the big black X of my hands from last night
follow me I have deets
Noted :-) Me, too! Bummed I missed the NBA one.
Dear United States Post Office. Survival tip - get Zuckerburg to take over FedEx and UPS.
lol interesting. Where are you located I'm in Texas! You would make a great drinking buddy lol.
another reason I can't stand UL = Tony Vanetti!
i know it's all late, but Abigail isn't doing concession anymore :p
Going to watch Blind Side for the second time. DVR just incase I pass out couch and I know I will ;(
RT : Woohoo! Mind Reader is #18 on the RS list at #amazon #kindle. Happy day! :)
. Down the studio wit Watch ur head
It is a miserable virus, whatever it is. Hopefully you'll be back to 100% before too long. I'm not sure I'm completely over it yet.
Just bought my new toy today: 2004 Triumph Daytona 600 :)
draft week!!!
Fun-We Are Young this is my shit (y)
Jeez, the wanted sketch they showed kinda looks like me.
3 followers till 500 shout me out please:))
We are super excited for our January 2012 collection, Gorgeous!!
Dj's and Producers send me your new tracks! We are doing our monthly podcast show. Send to info
RT : Q1) How would you describe Learning on Demand?
No Lead Left Behind
y do some guys think it's necessary to leave overly complimentary comments on ur Fbook pics?just hit the like button, trust me that's enough
I am guessing you are rooting for the
This is my favorite show of all time. I have watched all the episodes. All of the actors are great. I would not change them!
I wanna start a trending topic
Seeing Pavement at the Pabst. Not liking No Age much.
he really does good work! If I say so myself!!!
many of the jobs we post never make it to the job boards, because we post internally & ask for referrals #hfchat'
The entire sum of existence is the magic of being needed
I'm so jealous right now ...
Guess who just got accepted to her community college *This girl* baha
RT Happy Birthday Cousin, Love You && Take A Shot For Me * In My Drake Voice*....Lol--lol thank you!!
I watched it today.! :)
I am always surprised by the number of 'cowboys' who live my UPSTATE NY community.
The akward moment wen sum1 is waving at u only to find that theyre waving at sum1 behind you. You already waved back. The damage is done.
#SignsYouLostAFight if your friends had to wake you up
1st sentence of 2nd chapter in Doctorow's Ragtime: “As it happened Houdini’s unexpected visit had interrupted Mother and Father’s coitus.”
wow. that website/video is straight from 1996. Why aren't there more people ziplining in the vid?
I was in a Adele type of mood but it looks like all True Religion 2day frm my clothes 2 the mixtape #NP Riot -
Well thank you very much! RT : Humperdinks fish tacos are fucking addicting....so god lol
I knew it, she had that ring
"I want to talk to you, but I feel like I'm annoying you." --> i feel like that right nowww :P
So sick of the radio and the same like 4 CDs, #getmeoutofthiscar! On the upside I get to hold 's hand for a real long time:)
Finding it hard to accept, in 2012, that all the money in the world will not make it possible for me to watch without a TV.
Well, for those who were worried that CS6's Content Aware feature would make it "too easy," it's nowhere near as simple as it looks.
Like we're that good! RT : If you're doing "Bronze Hell," I'm there.
Did Jeff Long do the right thing firing Petrino? Call 248-848-1130
are you familiar with video editing at all?
The Avengers was good only thing missing was Spider Man and The Fantastic Four ... But Chris Evans was Cptn. America
lol my brother, sister & her friend are singing to gaga & ariana grande songs and recording themselves. o_O
now that the #superbowl is over I can get back to focusing on the more important tv events in my life: #bachelor tonight!
Where is to do the Dougie when we need her?!
- because our current "culture of personality" has pushed people further into their own ideologies, instead of balanced discourse.
Finishing dinner at Five and Ten. I love Athens.
It's technology stutter! :)
oh yes it would be horrible for the whole public to see. Good thing this isn't publicized right? ;)
“RT: Happy mother's day to all the mother's”
you sure about that Dave, cuz I'm starting to feel crazy...
that torture scene was crazy but love your work always they need to give you an #Emmy for #missing. What's your secret to acting
Alaska's killing me. Someone, take me away
No - not that I can tell anyway. Medium for motivation? :)
Time for our feet to do some occupying the inside of some pinko commie ass.
Big news...Hit the 315 registrant mark! 2009 = 302 attendees; 2010 = 351...On pace to increase again! All Net-proceeds go to a scholarship!
I had Crumb cupcakes for the first time the other day at Union Station.. It was peanut butter & reeses.. heaven.
Lol you like that,tatted on my backRT : Sorry I'm more of the minimal effort, maximum results approach kinda guy
Volunteering for the culture hunt today! All you food/party seekers get ready for a good time!
Thanks Jill!
I have no idea. I just randomly re-opened my volume last wk and thought, "Holy cow. There's so much here!"
PURGATORY AFTER HOURS !!!! 8325 VICAR DRIVE !!!! LET'S GO !!!!
so true!!!
my thoughts exactly, but the station is dragging their feet, so I cannot properly plan anything
#OnceUponATime and #VEEP - best things about Sunday... the worst thing? Tomorrow is #Monday. Ugh.
Duh. It's a step above Elementary Green.
Slots now available for promotions and marketing support!
Uh whatever, you're about to move into the Waffle Shack of Thai food, ie. in with me
Word! And the whole day to do more fun stuff. Today rules <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Bitches on my Dicc becuhz my name is Brent Kendricc.
At a Shell gas station, corner of Vance Jackson & Loop 410. :-)
yes!! objective: complete. ;]
Worked on both #HearMeWhisper and #ShadowsInTheMoonlight today, made some amazing progress on both. Hope to have some amazing news soon!!
Sad to see the people you considered family just change before your eyes& there's nothing you can do because it's just not worth it anymore.
pitcher's got a big butt, pitcher's got a big butt
The mustache of #Holland: Too sparse to cast a shadow.
I am aware. They took the text from us but took the list from the blog and chose not to properly source us.
Might get a feather in my hair ( :
awh thanks i just wrote it asjkdshfkj :')
Outta school :) hear the new song of Justin Bieber ?
meant GF did u get my txt
Every time I check the Trending Topics I'm convinced that 90% of the world is mentally handicapped.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRIAN!! RT im still pissed colin daniels hasn't wished me a happy birthday.
thunder&lightning
Coming in 2nd in anything is unacceptable. You are still the loser
about to look at django tutorials alsi
These people on 16 and Pregnant are so messed up...
Why do I alway think I did so well on my exam, then I get it back....
I just figured out how I might convince my academic friends to come to Oklahoma State for a conference: We have Wi-Fi!
For the sake of NBA fans, this series between Philly and Chicago must die, so bad, so very very bad.
Happy Friday everyone! Enjoying a warm cup of #ExplosiveMangoMate #Energizer on this cold Chicago morning.
I just looked-u will be here in April! We def need to talk before u come! Take care and be safe!
I think everyone should try olive and plum kiwiberries
Keep converting 3rd downs
haha oh nah I was saying it to the tmoible people. They always lie!
#Celtics Ray Allen is a go
Have a great sunday! Is there anything going on today?
Yes but more because we're called on to help in the end and not during the planning process or beginning (re:A1)
Hoes these days.
TWEET ME IF YOU FOLLOW I'll FOLLOW YOU AND RT. LEST GO
RIP Vidal Sassoon. If we didn't look good, he didn't look good.
and yes, I am leaving that last tweet with 'the Ian Kinsler' in.
Call of the house. It's go time baby.
Rock Some SuperiorSwag
What we do today, right now, will have an accumulated effect on all our tomorrows.
Was provision attached to CISPA other day?
10 pages. That's all that stands between me and summer. All that I have to complete to graduate.
Starting a project with 120 students tomorrow. Please work this time. Thank you.
fam get at me! DMEcollective.com
you love your NERD friend
Showers late at night >
American Le Mans!!
Super busy week! Engagement photos, Christmas photos, boudoir shoots...oh my :) Sounds fun though :)))
neighborhood kids selling lemonade, little sister's baseball game.. it's a perfectly suburban summer day in my hometown
Twas the day before Opening Day and all through Baltimore, not a creature was stirring not even
ouu! things are really great with me..stayin busy! how are you? I n
Do you like the song #trouble ?
I wish you strength. And I actually mean that.
Good weather and a little BBQ make for a good
Jr. Seau, what a physical marvel. How sad that nobody really knows what's going on inside. Sad for his close friends and family.
RT ": #fact this series is going to game 7. Lakars playing like trash. No defense!"
I just love not being able to sleep!
So nervous/excited! Playing the Nashville Sounds' game tonight! 5:30-6, then the game and fireworks!!
ok going for a free personal training session this morning :-)
biz funding up to $1M easy process 95% approval
do every avenue songs. They are the shit
Wouldn't be possible without the heads up! Working to make it happen. RT : #BU in talks to host #smday in Boston June 30th!
New thought: you should use survey tomorrow for #cerealbar or #bakedbymelissa 10:10 snack
Thanks for the mention! We are thrilled!
i feel so unhappy
Does KY Yours and Mine work universally?
Cute 3 yr old daughter just dumped bath water all over me and the floor, when she crashes the car in 13 yrs she is disowned
RIP!!! RT: : Dean Spanos said no1 has worn #55 since Junior & no1 will ever replace him. He just retired 55! Nice! Classy!
I love when they come up to the camera like, "What the F is this?"
Jason just wants Sam to tell him the truth and communicate better with him without hiding crucial information.
but they were designer shoes! Why does everyone forget that?
Having a Roosevelt night. Public & Beachers
AWESOME! You live and learn!
I have and on repeat!!
I got a recipe for my destiny
Customs sent Niall de Burca back to Ireland! I am so disppointed but Bil Lepp has agreed to perform in his place, www.storytellingarts.org
congrats on 1500 UM students doing amazing work for the D!
:o I wore my DC shoes today. =P Have fun!!!
Is there anyway I can watch tonight's show via web/ online? NOPE Thanks
no clue. Hit me up closer to the end of ur show.
Nice opening, Billy Crystal. Love the surprise visits by the Biebs and Tom Cruise.
Great! i hope u enjoy!
Update the look of your home by removing that ugly old acoustic ceiling texture. Call us to find out how affordable it can be 619-562-5848
& if you think you have a sense of humor you don't.
RT": #ImHopingThat this summer will be the best one yet"
DM me your email addy and I'll send you a Pinterest invite.
Your personal experience using it? How does it compare/compete w iPad?
READ THE SIG... <Read it, Learn it, Live it>...<XXXBeStraightEdgeXXX>
Bummer....not many w/Grande. Sad! I'm great! In a really good place! Miss y'all! But glad 2 be able 2 keep up on twitter, FB!
Miami premiere May 16th 7pm live skype q&a with director Lauren Greenfield
Hey Bella i absolutely love your show and you can you please respond or give me a shoutout ?
I don't text and I'm no #gamer. Instead of the cutting edge of technology, I'm on the dull edge. At least I'll still have opposable thumbs.
Love nicknames. Call Garson "Banana Hands" cuz his fingers look like bananas.
Great workout with my boy
Everything I gave , boy you'd break it .
HMU WHEN U SEE THIS ASAP!!
I love my daughters laugh it's like music to my ears!
pushed a guy off a bar stool?..haha oops
Wear a watch to pace yourself during an exam.
“I've never been afraid to fail.”
we were totally inspired.
Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are. Bertolt Brecht | Little Botox never hurts.... :) | Have a...
ugh! what a rotten time for tech to act up! hope it works out before the story is over!
Even though my brother is miles and miles away from here he can still make my day better. I love ny brother:)
IF THE HEAD RIGHT ANDY THERE ERRY NIGHT !!
THANK YOU & right back atchu girl! We all we got till we make em #believers!
hope so too
I watched this video on tumblr today about drinking and driving. It's really serious and so sad, never drink and drive
By reversing the direction of the blades in your ceiling fan, warm air is pushed down, helping to keep rooms warm in winter.
Hell of a read there, Clint. Thanks for the great article of Monty's changes.
We're sending out our summer camp flyers on Dec. 28th! Who wants me to send them one?
Every time a TSA guy pats me down I always gently whisper 'Pay it Forward.'
It doesn't make any sense and yet it makes all the sense in the world.
10 days left
hahahahahahaaaaaa!!!! I think we can let is slide, period. :)
I think you guys should apologize about having to play music. I would rather hear you all talk than listen to music. :))
WHY DOES EVERYONE LIKE THE LITTLE GIRL SMOKING THAT TWEETED. THAT'S SO BAD FOR LITLE KIDS N SHIT.
Less learning more earning......
Lol It sure is and yep singing it in my head. *huggles*
now following you love :)
i swear some guys just dont fucking listen
Newsflash in case you've been hiding under a rock since 1998: #carsondaly is a tool.
Beer City is...
i hav 2 accounts i follow on both :)
All am panels starting in 1 min. Come grab a seat!
Excepting of course the fact that Rosen is still right.
Jesus this game will kill me. 3 goals in 65 seconds...tied 2-2.
woof flo how r u
Always fun being the darkest person at a party.
these two are adorable!!!
#oscars Man or Muppet should have been performed!!
Heh. Possibly the impetus behind all of this.
Easter, ahh Easter. Celebrating the fifth inquisition of the Egyptian Cyber Clones against the Eastonite harvesters of Perseus 12. Tear..
Hah! Classic. But I'm sure your compassion makes you very good at it! The rest is just tactics. :-)
why are none of my boyfs at work... i look cutsie and its gone to waste
Welcome new follower Good to meet you!
I am disappointed by the Black Ops 2 trailer.
it's New Mexico.
Wondering what Happy Star Wars Day will hold for me...
RT : The GOP keeps passing MANdates against women. Maybe they're gay.
good kisser eh?
If you're struggling with something, really ask God to help. It is amazing to see how easily God makes things move.
Island Night!! Come in For $3 Coronas and $4.50 Margaritas all night long..Dont forget the Yankees vs Detroit at 8pm
Who cares apparently no one!
Just be quiet.
mirror mirror on the wall, who's the fairest of them all?
Wait... what!? What shows?
no the gmail verification code that i had sent to your phone
Who going to relays tomorrow?
what info are you looking for?
I KNOW! So crazy!! :) I'm excited!
Give comfort to someone today. Help those who are oppressed by others.
Questlove is spinning toto. I love my life.
Ready for Monday? Holy...the weekend went fast!
Wow! 4 days in a row :) No cards but might start some loyalty campaigns on 4square. Thanks for spending your week with us!
haha, looks like I just learned a new vocab word! #justhadtolookitup (: x hope you're feeling alright! x
I watch Jennifers body just to see Megan Fox. I'm not a lesbian I swear.
Congrats on Pole Winner for
Isn't Target based in Minneapolis? ;)
man! justin brown goes hard on that
yes I only use Crayola Crayons, be sure to try the new twistables!
tasty and good for you ! Not often you can achieve that but with a little imagination and hard work it's possible !
good luck
Norfolk state university behold the green and gold !!!
Jordan Wirfs-Brock at #nnip #portland: "We are all journalists."
Follow Friday
never heard of Art Satellite but I'm sure it's cool.
#samgasm anyone? i sure am having one haha
OH: "yes, that's code artist. That was back before #drupal, I used to be good" cc
I need a massage
found some new clothes shops online. great prices. i try not too spend too much for little.
Finished some Federally mandated training. Rewarded myself with Jimmy John's. I consider that a fair trade.
Need a personal by my side
#Tebow is crumpling under the pressure! Go #Steelers!
Hello. -waves- My name is The Rock and Roll Outlaw and I also like to party.
Had a student in my Creative Writing class reference a book that my college professor wrote. The circle is complete.
Love this new Frankie Rose track! Slumberland rules so does Memphis Industries!
i was sad i didn't get to see god bless america when it was sxsw! i love bobcat. (p.s. i'll be in LA next week! can't wait!)
Magical TV stuff underway...with masked fighters, smoke, mirrors, and lots of boom boom pow! For CNN Int'l later today...
I want to read that book Freud wrote about Da Vinci's painting, Saint Anne.
OH: This story has everything! Girl boys and girl girls, boy boys and boy pigs!"
Two kinds of people: those who say to God, "Thy will be done," and those to whom God says, "All right, then, have it your way." C.S. Lewis
“: are you gonna be at the show Friday?!” I sure am!!
Money can’t buy happiness, but it pays for internet, which is pretty much the same thing!
“ Album leaks get more press than the actual album release”
I touched on this once before. I think baseball is the softest sport ever. What other outdoor sport shuts down because of a little rain?
No Halloween would be complete without a touch of the macabre; you'll hear an interpretation of Billie Holiday's haunting Strange Fruit.
Don't worry.....just closed for summer break. open again Sept
And there was laughter, and muchtalk, at the event
dude I'll be in your yard for a bourbon milkshake!! LOL!
let's make it happen then.
Those who cast the votes decide nothing. Those who count the votes decide everything.
Forever's a long time
Last time Pop won Coach of the Year, won the Championships. Just sayin'. This is their year.
When people get mad at the truth... Smh lol
We know somebody who's gonna try to ride the Leadville Trail 100 in August. So excited to camp, crew, watch and love us some Leadville.
If we brake support on the S&P and the recession is on, who will be spending here to pull us out? Europe? This time it will be different
nice steal!
LOL she lives in Media n her n her husband were at the bar we were at <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else. — Les Brown
agreed. the more I work w/ different CMSs I find that they all can pretty much do anything though
thanks for the RT with
F uck a diary I got
OMG I commented
RT : #Fact I have learned more about Astrology on Twitter then I have ever cared to learn in life! Thank You.
Got hit in softball tonight , my ribs hurt #LikeHell .
three days ahead of you RT : Bourbon, stat!
Yup- we are in Holmes. Come on down
So do you get to sit down? I wish I could get an office job, that would be awesome. That's good that you're gonna try though
No score after 2 periods. The #Bruins have been a great 3rd period team especially at home.
I hope so, too! We'll have more details about it later in the week...be sure you don't look directly at the eclipse, though! :-)
can we finally add Geri's to our date list besides Nathan's davincis and nagama haha
super funny
watching amazing race and working on a few treatments--deadline tomorrow--I work BEST under pressure FORREAL..
I swear that the woman talking on her cell phone next to me is in the cast of GIRLS, based on her conversation.
"The future aint what it used to be." Yogi Berra
Elis definetly here right now ..u can just feel the manning in the atmosphere
In new jersey chilled to circa survive the whole ride<3
i know! i should be the one getting the iphone lolol. shes not going to know how to use it at all lol
that's good to know. And I love you too!
Slipknot is amazing,<3
RT if you hate lame shirts!
just look at you plankin
Haslem and Chalmers are an abomination
Thanks! I just got it. China Glaze, "For Audrey" :)
Congrats to you too sir! Definitely pretty, open maps.
You're welcome.
#GOODMUSIC leads u to a good place
Kentucky is just too big for Baylor
many people were talking about it and did nothing.
Congrats and Good luck to Joe Philbin for taking the Dolphins job. Guy is a stud and I wish him well.
-howdy! welcome!
classic #teamedge day guys !
Follllllooowwwww Please ! I am in such a good mood :O omg lol so you should follow or my good mood would be ruined :'( lol
Well, that was awkward. Lol.
A total "B". Given an award 10 miles away and can't be bothered to attend.
thats funny. proven guilty by a court of law and the constitutional principles you just claimed to be defending 5 mins ago?
The Shave Barbershop 305-866-1940 Thank you For Choosing -US- We Are The Best Barbershop in Miami
fair taxing of the super wealthy is not socialism, or socialistic. How many Americans actually participate in capitalism?
RT : uploaded my last night! gonna be great. // I got it! Thanks so much!
I hate typical ass bitches
Drugs and alcohol suck.
:) arrived home at about 330am.
| Thanks for the follow.
you might be the only person I know that can rival me on lack of sleep. Don't know that it is a good thing though lol
WOW! Thanks for the sweet #FF love! :) You both rock my world with SM knowledge and make me smile.
imaging the best season of
also, are you heading to the land of AZ?
Looks like I cant swim anymore, theres a chance of drowning
Daniel R for sure!
Happy fucking birthday to 's fucking brother who is getting fucking plastered right now. FUCK YEAH
(refrigerator) Doors open man (refrigerator) Doors open man (refrigerator) Doors open man (refrigerator) Doors open man
How do you build a brand culture like ? 3. Commit to transparency
Hey bro will you follow me please? It would make my day (;
Buying clothes at Nordstrom so I don't have to do laundry
Absolutely! Means a lot...
while you're at "Saturday school" im at home sleeping in lol
Yes, 2 person operation (connected via skype).
Bustemante draws biggest groans. So far
The End is always a Begining.
I think bcuz if u follow someone or thy follow u their followers could see ur tweets
I still love you blackhawks.
#work mode today...
I'm not on the Liason train this time around because I want new blood for Liz!! She hasn't had any for years!
Okay, third manuscript. Go be the charm.
nite guys(: mom kicking me off ):
Not surprised at all that Alyssa Shouse is single..
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED! Thanks for helping us EXCEED our goal of 100 followers. Now at 115! See, that's how the Law Of Attraction works folks!
I have to have the highest sales of all competing teams!! So spread the word!
When you're searching for a cab in la jolla at 245 am...
Nail in the coffin by Callahan
Hmmph not grass. Yes*
I agree with you on the wars as well, PP is part of problem, so are grants for schools, so is any gov program that costs $
What an ending for Brewers. Finally.
OMG WE REACHED 200 FOLLOWERS (: ~Dana
Men's outdoor #Fistball is featured at The World Games (). It's played on a field of 20 by 50 meters with a net 2 meters high.
Audrey is back from vacation!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs Megatron has to have a big game if the lions stand any chance of winning
Do you want to know who you are? Don’t ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
Snow White opens in just a few moments! Break a leg cast and crew!
Fire drill during my last Con Law class. Actually kinda bummed about that! :(
Tomorrow is last day of recording then Friday down to Lville to mix and master. That would be album start to finish in less than 3 mos.
You know what is bittersweet about running a hat business? I no longer have the time to make hats for myself. ::goes hat-shopping on Etsy::
ah! it actually didnt hurt that bad either!
Oh bed, i've been waiting for us to hug since 7 in the morning
Great, I'll call your cell after 9pm EDT tonight
The roofers chased my kitty away.
IN LUNCH
“: we love you we love you we love you and where you go we'll follow we'll follow #SKC #minicauldron” I love it
“: Ok ladies, No Shave November is for the BOYS, not for the girls!!
and ? okay think im definitely going...when can i get tix!
Twitter acct was jacked. Don't know how with a scrambled password. I am sorry for any inconvenience. If u check Twitter, u should change PW
that would be "out of this world"...get it? get it?
At the hospital from heart complication problems, Make me feel better?
service should be restored now. Incident report forthcoming.
Patriots gonna rock da jets!!
love the new picture !
I may be wrong, but you ain't right
Dads are not necessarily stupid but sometimes they say and do stupid thingswe all do on occasion I love the puppy very cute
sorry we broke up...
Damn she talks to much ! & she's annoying ! Ugh I'm irritated & I had a good mood too
always on pine
sounds like he is ready to put #BBN on his shoulders sounds good to me
Straight up fuckin Deutsche bag. Next time a musician sticks there nose up at somebody, they should bust it, to show them their not better
Awesome! Looking forward to seeing you and Jasen there.
Can you sign up for TwitInterviews anytime? Or has the deadline passed?
Cool, I hope it will be very informative. :)
oh you gonna get it?
Original Grey’s Anatomy cast have signed a 2 year contract meaning anyone not in season 1 is in danger of dying on the season finale.
HOLY SHIIZ did you bring enough luggage, so cute, xoxoxox
Lend me you're headphones so I know its real.
alotta bad women in the building.....AMEN
Very enlightening. Not surprising though.
Exactly why I didn't want him. #Distraction RT Vince Young eventually will be the starting quarterback of the Buffalo Bills
Yesterday i realized that im finally doing what I want (:
Social media problems. MT : Looks like a pretty thin day on the presidential history front. No one did much on May 3
#bullying comes in all shapes and sizes, just like the people being affected by it. We have to come together and stop it!
surprise twist in tonights #xfactor #CherylCole to punch Sinitta and hurl racist abuse at her, thats not the Surprise though.....
when they come back from the alien craft they are on a timeline and can't explain how they got there except that some entity forced them.
I CANT WAIT FOR PROM.
Annoyed at how many websites still don't design to play well with Chrome.
big ass abd she dont care
gotta hear that Where Have You Been by Rihanna
Latest read: Michael Connelly's "The Drop." Worth the time just to learn the phrase "high jingo." Connelly's one of the best.
I hope you see this cuz... I LOVE YOU!!!
I love you Eddy D! You'll forever be my favorite!! :-)
“: we forgot to make our video bro!!!!!hahahaah” video? Video?? VIDEO???? How can you forget lol
I'm going to try out for show choir! With and can't wait!!!!!
It was good. But kinda fun :) how was your day babe?
Who steals ashes out of an urn? o_0 really?!?
If i see one more thing about One Direction i might puke.
The team that can't possibly win can only attempt to be a spoiler.
Jp what's up what you got going on tomorrow we need to catch up soon. Hope a is well
brought to the beginning/to keep up with your finishing
i need some new songs on my ipod #help :)
Just DM'ed you. Not spam
Is to feel death’s embrace. -
So the red from the beads on my necklace rubbed of on my white vest <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Thanks for the RT!
Looking forward to seeing you on This Week on ABC this morning. Miss your fearless perspective.
So much fun Vidette! Thanks again
Thanks to everyone who came out last night. We had a lot of fun and I'm sure we can all agree that tore that place down.
when u ask my opinion ima tell u the truth
Awesome. thanks for the update
I can never win
Nice day ;) bored guess I'll count some sheep
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 12
Thoughts of podcasting running through my head today. Maybe it's time to really learn how to use Audacity instead of faking it.
#FF has been fun, got lots of fun followers today :) Thanks everyone!
#TypeALadyGagaSongWithoutLooking im on the wright track bajy i was born this awy
has been sick all weekend.... =(
Prescreen. Because you never really wanted to see John Carter.
#Buckeyes approach will be more national than it's ever been, so we just need to trust that they know what they're doing.
“: Eminem Forever aka Cinderella man”
Christopher Cross with Mother Falcon doing "Sailing"! Wool!
Hey 'll warm up for you tonight!! Going to be Vanity insanity tonight!
would go to hungry games at 12:04, but my tire has been leaking all day & w my luck would be flat at 2am & i'd be murdered waiting for A
George Santayana~ Music is essentially useless as life is.
If lifes a bitch beta get off ya back!!!
Trying to get some choreography done. YouTube, you're wasting my precious time with commercials I can't skip. Boo!
nigga before that!!
yay for #Adele I have a feeling she will be the big winner tonight!
hey, Paul. I confess I'm not a downhill skier. :) I did ask around tho. Conditions are good. Weekend will b warm. Hope that helps
How do any of you people get through #breakingin? Easily the worst 7 minutes of my week.
Going shopping
Not far from here ... in some other ecozone .... the crocuses are still in bloom
What up #twitterfam im off work today #nshit in my #oldplayavoice,#fuckroundandsmoke1 dis morning ya dig
That's wonderful. God Bless you!!
Make sure to check out Theatre's production of Anton Chekhov's Three Sisters! It opens tonight!!!
Wow someone reads it! :)Thx! RT : I stumbled across your blog post from Feb where you wrote about Little Shirle
"Motivation wears off, transformation happens due to inspiration!"
basically, i only buy a magazine with either one direction or justin bieber in it just to get the posters. (: ahh
Lucy Tacos yum!
Our Executive Director got pulled over in San Francisco because she was singing so overthetop passionately along with 3 Tenors
Well, it's long overdue. #Gay90s here we come! Me, you and
Well it's the first of the month. And eastland mall is CRAZY!!!
I'm socialble , but I dont give EVERYONE the time of day ! ...
Praise be to the LORD God, the God of Israel, who alone does marvelous deeds. Psalm 72:18
Somebody should txt me supa bored
where are you off to?
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
lol <--- Haha!!!! He's drowning, still can't get over it ^_^
It's a good one isn't it?
Some days are just those kind of days. Today isn't one of those days.
Why do u go there so long?? & When are u leaving for there?
Amazing catch Ellis!!
hehe YAY!! It takes all of my will power to space out my posts..I have a lot of eye candy scheduled to post soon :)
screw it stuff happens
I been working... I got a new job... A full time one:(
You and me microwave till death do us part.
just did my speech. boy, am i glad i got that shit over with. YO! HOLLAH AT MEH ! :)
Nice post.
Ah baby. You know I love you. Don't hate me.
Just finished cleaning Moist, the pool at Paradizzle. Need to keep the water crystal clear for a big weekend.
Just read your "advice" THANK YOU! Molly, you always inspire me! I am pursuing writing actively lately.
Nice! Where are you headed?
very interesting.
Waking up to opera - Concord Monitor
Mimosa this morning? Let's get this week started right. Happy Monday everybody :)
New profiles have been added to our website! Have a look at the 'about us' page! Visit: www.elitesporteducation.co.uk.
Suck my dick online. Suck my dick on the internet.
have fun at the game. I Didn't know you could tweet from that building
Officially, Pinterest is my go to source for blog post images vs. Flickr, Google image search. Means using keywords in descriptions impt.
Tomorrows finally the last day of west test...
Just found out its National Chocolate Chip Day--what a wonderful thing to celebrate! & so many ways--cookies, cupcakes, energy bars . . .
If you had the chance to name a never-before-seen rare stone, what would it be?
Welcome #EDT6030 #EDT6060 students to the summer semester! Courses begin today...I'll see you in
i bubbled in some ovals and wrote 3 answers for him that were just a series of numbers he answered out loud
ur welcome enjoy ur day and many more to come
Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway
Please pass along
I was hoping it was a picture of my favorite "girl smoking" shirt. Dang.
ATL traffic is a joke....
fireworks make sense. cats do NOT like noise.
if you ever wanna come to my house get use to Paris, my dogs, , & the smell of LoveSpell.
What a crezy night I'm drunk as guck lol
Will it be a beer night or wine?
Thanks Brian, I'm going to let the newsroom know about that!
#Top10FavouriteOasisSongs Champagne Supernova
my lyrics are bottomless....[silence]
The ring of fire... there's your wife, your girlfriend and then theres your babies momma. Never should all three meet.
Gettin down on some #MW3 Ya Buddy!
I think the #Celtics have gone to the Ryan Hollins wishing well a few to many times. KG about to check back in.
What can't be cured must be endured.
Good afternoon #packernation!
I knaaa. I LOVE that song!!!
I can only imagine Romney! It fell to 8.1% yesterday.
When rubs my stomach for me at practice > You da best, shaaawty. Love you!
Mane Craig tried to get metta to say sumn foul.. that wasn't right
i dare you to not finish the box.
yes,she was not a fan of the beaten biscuit! " we do not recommend it; but there is no accounting for taste." I love them!
Way. Don't expect that to happen again! Also: new management team appears to be top notch.
Honestly, I don't think this was the crews best week :\
Continuing a good night with some drinks on a patio.. M<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
Breaking News - Comedy Central: October 2011 Programming ...
RT : I don't have to ask y'all Vols fans who you're cheering for in this game, do I?
I just checked in at Hog Island (785 Starr Street, Phoenixville) on Best cheesesteak around... no kidding
Haha it's funny how yu were trynna be a player with no game, fuck you ! You didn't matter to me anyways ;D
It's Torta Misu Tuesday in Little Italy! Head in for a slice of this Special treat!
OH SHIT!!! NY NIGGA BLEW THE FUCKIN SYSTEM! BRAVO MY NIGGA.... BRAVO!
Glad you could make it, Eric. Always fun!
Disney soundtrack at the mall #winning + buying fancy new clothes with yay
I have the greatest most supportive husband. I am truly blessed. Love you babe.
Keep your mind on the things you want and off the things you don't want.
magazine features girls who do group sports. If interested,email Peri at or call (303) 400-8888 ASAP.
Don't you dare deactivate! will tell you otherwise, but I think this is a totally acceptable place for that.
How big are the PDFs? Each file must be under 20MB. If under and still won't save, please email
We have them almost every week! Call us for details... 512.722.6351
To touch people.
wikipedia already update.
#supercommittee gets an 'F' for irresponsible inaction. www.childrensleadershipcouncil.org
Headig out to work ! Have a nice day ppl :) <U+2600>
James Cameron has a lot on common w/ George Lucas! They both release multiple versions of the SAME movies just to make more money!
Goldie - are the panthers practicing tomorrow?
yes hes awesome . Also Rob Stark us turning into quite a badass this season
ah justin bieber is so cute
Excited about all of life's possibilities even though I am at a crossroad right now. All I know, is that in the end, I will be a SURVIVOR!
RT : Glad Sen is taking up our plan to lift caps on FamilyCare on Tue. We now have a way to make it sustainable.
At the YNPNdc Anniversary celebration, and learned that YNPNdc serves 8500 members in DC each year. Umm...awesome!
Celts in 7. Although I think the young Sixers use this as a learning experience for next year.
Wow. RT Sources: #Marlins have made substantial offers to both Reyes and Pujols
Mama has arrived early Hyde Park. Come and get it on 57th & Ellis in front of The Reg
I'm not going to be able to go tomorrow. I don't have the money this weekend.
HE SAID YOU SAW HIS WILLIE ?? and it was okay i was like m im craving pizza no mcdonals NO CHINESE! so i had chinese xx
oh gross!!!
The 10th anniversary edition of CRUX has just been sent to the publisher. So now...we wait.
It's official... I'm a better quarterback than
The place where my therapist is at is SO AWESOME. So... cool-looking.
Thank you for the RT!
I hate to brag but a perfect meal is my homemade chicken parm and a salad. Ah.
NaturevsNurture: #Nature refers to individual's innate qualities nativism/innatism & #Nurture refers to personal exp( empiricism/behaviorism
Well, I was not expecting Saint Paul of Thebes to show up here. Color me confused.
I'm starting to think that one direction's accents are fake. o.e
There was a BBS called The Web. They ended up having to change their name. Very confusing!
Grateful 4 the love & mothering I've received frm my mom, my grandmothers, my aunts, my soon 2 B mom-in-law & my godmothers.
Apparently I'm too old to be single & childless. Yep, I'll be at BASHH!
RT: Vote for your favorite Long Sleeve Tee design and be entered to win FREE GEAR! www.Facebook.com/UmeusClothFamily
SHOW TONIGHT!!! At the Empty Glass in Charleston at 10PM.. GO!
Mattress shopping>>
I attempted to paint my own nails earlier. emphasis on attempted.
new forms of scholarship- that freedom to experiment is a great argument for tenure, IMO.A former colleague of mine at Mac[2/3]
Barack Obama wants gay people to tie the knot. Mitt Romney wants to tie gay people up. Close enough.
Don't get jealous I love you too. ;D lol
hey girl hey(: so your beautiful, and you should follow mehhh! also whos the guy in your keek? #heshot (;
I don't believe all that BS about ur traveling being limited when u have kids..might have to make adjustments but rugrats are no excuse
Loving this Giants game! NICKS
very nice! Tell me about your experience with it when you first grill.
"We ought to consider not only God, but also men for his sake." ~ St. Ignatius Loyola
at least twiber is :D
I'm not at Jack White. I'm not at M83. I'm not I'm not The Brothers Osborne show. I'M IN ORLANDO, sluts.
but is colder. Out side.
What do you guys think of our new track??? Help spread the work everyone!! <3
Compromising Works
< Not happening at the Art Exchange this year.
i'm getting a not found.. i was making a joke about how it loaded so fast... source code showed it's torbit hosting the dns/cdn
LOL..see what I just tweeted. Mutha effers..I just drove all the way there!
I think all waitresses in dinners should be able to break out in song like in the Blues Brothers
Gonna watch this Le Tigre concert DVD I just bought. I almost never buy concert DVD's but I love Le Tigre so I am excited!
Only 2 things on my mind tomorrow: God and beating those dirty gators
Pretty good, glad the leg is feeling better for ya. #YOTTO RT How we livin' today #Packfam?
Thanks! And there going to get better!!
Anyone but Miami
we can do this for you.
Where the fuck is my sister with my Taco Bell?!
Ah jonas brothers have a new song :D oh yea there back
What did the Bucks just do!
Eminem, Pac, Biggie, Kanye, Jay
its gonna be a REALLY boring weekend now. haha
Yummy lunch and great conversation today with
Perry says "there is no viable path forward for me." Endorses Gingrich says he "is not perfect but who is."
noo! Then I'd be "cocky"
I love that freaky shit
ima chop your scrotum off bitch. lmao but alright.
Will most people understand if I compare the plot in Battleship to the points in Whose Line Is It Anyway?
BAHAHAHHAHAH that just made me laugh
ha! I have almost done it twice... To motorcycles, too! They should know to park towards the back of the spot... #beintheknow :)
This page will be shutting down. Follow for more information on the Derrick Mason and Le'Ron McClain camps.
Come up to bora bora, 24th and Walker! We playing rock muzack!!!
I KNOW I might need that. :)
Yeah, but I still think that stuff depends by client. No one person knows which industries do best on what day/time, IMO.
Weh ? Sige see you first day !
i seed negative people out of my life
question why do ppl need to see a picture of someone to ship them w someone else. like do you have to look a certain way to be w someone..
Brahms can mean beautiful things for kids facing some tough times. Let them play it, not just listen to it.
Remember "Pop Metal?" What the hell was that!
Sellers need to annunciate why someone should buy your business
i need someone who isnt afraid to be themselves around me
Five teaching days left this semester. Than the beginning of a very busy summer.
that album was alright
It's a Powerplay goal!
I'm thinking of starting some arduino projects, want to collab?
It's a bittersweet solution getting one more season each and they can properly end the shows. Still sad.
that's dorm life haha. You didn't get stuck with AC-less Wright did you? lol
Angry!¡! But still smiling Finna make a few other ppl mad.. Don't lie to me like its cool then have excuses like I posed to care bout them!!
Vonage VOIP has been working very well for Pay Per Visit Email.
LOL RT I didn't get the title of Twitter Queen by keeping my twitter mouth shut. :D
For all of you hackers who left to get some sleep, come back soon! The prizes are waiting for you! There are still 25 or so folks here now
Candy Buy Back in October...Getting excited!
hope you had a great night bears are toast again No snow only hockey and cookies to look forward to. Kids asleep
join together to support a fellow bruin in the opening of opening in LA and NY on August 19th!
Who has better educational benefits? Army National Guard or Navy?
aww man I wanna do color me rad 5k race :D ...so many pretty colors *_*
Next time your girl wants you to take her somewhere expensive, take her to the gas station, almost 5.00/gallon
am i that boring that nobody talks to me hahaha guess so eh whocares just wanted to see if anybody would talk to me
That's crazy!
Beyond/Bruins
Great base running, !
like... The opposite of cold
next years the year for asu to win the rose bowl
Oh goodness. Beware, those folks make us Chicagoans look tame. Let's not have this be an omen, eh?
We can chill and I can act like I dont wanna fuck. You can tell me all your problems like I really give one.
New business cards coming their way this week. Can't wait to hold them in my hand.
done and done! thank you, definitely hope to, I'll be tweeting from #philly #art and #jazz events.
Its Already a damnn mouthh full .
OMG when I saw that tweet I died ! HAHA he's hilarious how old is he? ha
I WAS IN ROOM AND MY MOM THOUGHT I WAS DYING
we're going to get a full season, buddy.
yOoUR FACE HAS JOKES!!!
makes no damn sense bruh. The highway is actually moving faster
A woman is asking if high-level employees receive bonuses for lower maintenance post-wildfires. The company rep says she doesn't know.
lol they must be playin vanilla!
I like it when the #Bears improve their team through trades and free agency. It makes it more satisfying when the #Packers beat them.
Uh oh! Better get bkfast & coffee then “: tx for RT If you liked that wait til U see post at top of the hr”
One day acting workshop is on Sunday November 8th in Los Angeles. Visit www.actorsintensive.com for more information. Sign up now!
We asked the rep to pull aside a size 6 for you! What's your name?
I.... dont believe it. RT My first ever flight out of #LGB tomorrow. If you can believe it.
that is horrible! The douche who did that is a testament to the ill in this league!
. Why do employers have such rights and powers but not workers?
Anxiety triggers be damned to Hades and be torn apart to shreds by Cerberus!
Not tomorrow
stuck. just learned of a billing problem (no email?) and unable to update card on your site. suggestions?
Does a band that has made 19 albums (with none of them reaching #1,) deserve to be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Burn in hell sucksville!!!
My bed is so fucking nice
Bb announces partnership with mcgrawhill for course content
LOVE THIS PICK--actually who I wanted for our team..
we can get into something or chill at janas
HAPPPPYYY NEW YEARS BITCHES
ps made you more influential on terrorism on cc
It is too early to hear an obnoxious voice. #STFU!!
Yeah, I'm pretty upset because I think it would have had a good chance.
So torn... do I go to the and concert at tonight, or Name that Tune #NTT trivia at ?!
S/O to the most important ppl in the building today GRINDERS INC.
Good luck to great in his pro tryout today. Make us proud!
Off day. Didn't even get gratification from whip cream. This is a problem.
Is there someone I can interview about SSHARC's work in the South Suburbs concerning HIV/AIDS?
also, no 24-hour Bloomingdale's
Lots of opportunities: Network Manager, Technical Services and Support Manager, contract C#, VB/Access, Oracle, MS Sys Admin, SQL DBA etc!
Pew Research Center's "State of the News Media" report forecasts news gathering trends and the need for more digital mobile content.
Please follow me(: 9
k cool I thought so! Logo looks good.
Mom says she's gonna decorate for christmas this week #doubtit she'll make me do it all
Just listened to the first episode of and I lovelovelove! So excited for my upcoming morning and evening commutes!
#RealNiggas got nappy hair!
HAPPY STAR WARS DAY! :D MAY THE 4TH BE WITH YOU, MY FRIENDS! :D
Made it to Philadelphia. Not the best flight I've ever had, but I guess it worked.
Watching Ghostbusters to cheer up.
*Totally*! I was so happy to see a new SCREAM last spring on the big screen. I felt like 4 redeemed the franchise.
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.”
only god can judge you? fuck that I disagree. you must be terrified of thinkin realistically...
Attending the #sxfit session at #sxsw. Interesting to see how fitness has gone high-tech.
Had my #bitchesbrew today. It was great! Thanks
of course we are
mind is already up in the clouds. my connecting flight to Nicaragua is in El Salvador :)
Dammit just when you think it's safe to walk the halls of your apt blding in pajamas to take out the trash, some bastard comes home at 11am!
damn... it makes me shudder to hear an #Occupy-er use a Frederick Douglass quote... please don't do that.
Degree completion - Portland Center; we've been the same building and we didn't even know it! Heard your name around the halls.
Alex Can You Please Follow Me :D
damn your livin the good life! ;p
Come on Thursday.... Almost the weekend!!
This is where I suggest finding a faculty member to act as an unofficial adviser. I had that in grad school.
"Eggcitement" would be our middle name, if we had one!
im good and u !?
So, my opinion on #DirtyWork. Yes, It's different, but I still like it. Listening to it ALL night. You're just a daydream away. <3
The Chocolate Library reminds you that Valentines Day is just around the corner. Everybody wants a box of chocolates & a long stem rose.
#HappyMothersDay to my mum and everyones else mums !! MAKE SURE YOU TELL YOUR MUM YOU LOVE HER 1 MILLION TIMES TODAY!! I know I have! #Love!
that antiquated paradigm s what is stifling cultures that refuse to come into the 21st century.
Can social, informal learning help you learn?
God thanksgiving was awesome,now just got off work after 10 hour shift
#edshow "STAND YOUR GROUND" . . . Best idea hatched by the Bush/GOP think tank since Dubya invaded Afghanistan by way of Iraq.
Or 3 more turnovers
This Metrobus is filled with people gabbing about the Black Keys show.
Indeed! We'll have salted caramels for days!
Boys will be boys.
A good friend will be there for you when he breaks up with you, a BEST friend will call him up whispering "7 days…"
When did you guys become a band?
Really cool 8 year tamdu, under the collections subset. Cocoa and hazelnut on the nose.
RT: : Tweeting live from our luncheon ! Let's learn from all these mkting horror stories!
Warning, there's a concert about to happen in the panther lair
Really looking forward to being done with this bus to Bay View nonsense. It's effing absurd.
This day went good. #offtoagoodstart with this new weight loss plan :)
The more people pursing education the better off the community why is monetary value trumping cultivation of humanity; detriment to future
on the flop triple 8's love the restaurant hated the flop though.
i mean, even if i did eat the whole thing, it was only 2.50
Is there some kind of microgiving memo going around today? So far today I've been asked for a) $10 and b) 40 cents.
Need to order this Kreid or Die tshirt
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "Dreams come a few sizes too big so we can grow into them. Be patient!"
hey twitterville! If you like to paryty all night long mention me and i will give u 10 more followers!!!!! 20 montues to go
no, definitely not. it's amusing
ThMorUKno: The word RAPTURE is NOT IN the book of the REVELATION of John or anywhere else in the Bible.
You guys should see if would be up for an interview.
Who likes to party!!! I like to party!!!!
trying out some new backrounds here.....
oh really? Interesting how different everything is in different places in the world, lol. My lovely S I'm leaving now+
am a huge fan.
bad day?
#SunsWin I still don't understand how people say they hate the NBA. Best athletes in the world. Great game. Clips will be tough in playoffs.
BREAKING: Huge fire on Maple Ave in Seekonk. Large industrial complex turned into an inferno.
Week 8 of 15. I will survive this semester if it kills me!
what's up man good times Lastnight @ supper club
Sat had snow, quiet, rest. Mon to have new outline Scags at 30
It's snowing in Indianapolis... And I dont have a coat.
Some ppl will tell you lies to make you feel better about yourself. I will tell you the truth so you can better yourself.
haha well then. Get some energy drinks!
going to be using some of your aged gouda on a salad tonight - I <3 beechers!!!
. The promise of PSL's is the only thing that keeps me sane at the thought of summer ending.
She's an award winning bodybuilder - who happens to be a Great Grandma! Meet her in 45 minutes on KOIN TV at 4pm
I don't know about that - I think he's awesome! He doesn't have to prove himself by playing the #Heat. He's a great athlete.
will do. Thanks Jamie.
Lol tell me about it.
Came across what I thought was a full concert video of Jason Mraz on YouTube but it ended up being 40 minutes of him talking about avocados.
It is someone at Marie Robinson. I've seen her there before, and she has gone to the same woman for years.
Bringing home the axe!
Producing my 1st commercial this week. Apparently the low budget means the producer does everything. Ready to pay my dues behind the camera.
Music CDs now in Open Book. Scanners and DV decks relocated. Can't find what you're looking for? Just ask! Change is coming to the CMC!
Congrats to graduating today!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
The things we do at 4 in the morning lol
RT “: and myself have agreed to no haircuts until after all star break...call it #grindmode”
Let's face it, 1ce u get past d 2nd rnd MOST fans aren't going 2 b familiar w/ players. So they r going to whine when they dnt kno the name.
RT for ah'
RT The 2011th twitter of this message will get a $300 Amazon gift card Win it now!!
My Knight & Shining Turned Out To Be A Loser In Tin Foil..<3
Detroit tigers tshirt, blue jeans, surrounded by a mountain of folded laundry.
#GoodThingsInTheWorld Freedom to say what ever the hells on your mind.
2 am here and 4 exams tomorrow . Can i Have a good luck or good night ? <3
Rango... didn't see it but I want to! NOW DON'T GO OVER THE LIGHT... jerks
Mane it's too early for this but I'm not gone complain..it's Friday!!!
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy: Be honest, it's the lies that hurt the most.
Paging to the white courtesy phone please!!!!
counting faces video
13 Going on 30... I think this will do for a study break.
Yikes! Let's not give 'em a cheap one, boys!
Ok, I might be able to do that. I'll drop a line.
: just wrote a killer song. Mixed between "Renagade" and Theory's "Hurricane" for
interesting experience (failure?) with yesterday and my new phone...shot at a college art show...*sigh* Next time will be better.
So i kinda care who won..unlike a lot of u who only care about Justins hip thrust :P oh well
Watching Doctor Who and designing #FutureGun t-shirts. -JO
It's Rachel Zoe time!
And you shall be rewarded with sweet jive notes with a delicate kwela aftertaste
Excited to get the competition going with at the DC Regional #FIRST robotics competition!
oh noes! Say no, Eleanor, say no!
If the Heat do trade Wade, it needs to be for a big package of role players. Chandler/Fields/Novak, Lin/Chandler
Thanks, I know I'm anointed and talented. Thanks for the confirmation. See ya next week!
I don't like louisiana drivers!
Been thinking about the 9930 for the past couple days.. I can't wait until it comes out!
sup D Wade! I ProduceR&BmusicPerformed lastnight.beats r on myfacebook.hopeulikeit facebook.com/calistadroitprospect
I do not feel safe at the Marriott. Screamed my head off today. Maybe they will "hear" about this tweet and ask me why. BIG MAYBE.
“: Dallas Love”
Researching a house on Hillyer Place where the owner in 1909 turned on the gas lighting jet and put herself to sleep...in her tiara.
There it is Angels score, that's all they will need. They just scored 3 more. Damn I miss playing Baseball.
Denzel was a whole boss in this movie
Parents are part of our dreams without them it wouldent be possible for your dreams to come true.....but it could be if we try!!:)
Question for the panel: How are #4profits dealing with #mobile technology? Can learning become more mobile-friendly?
You really think so? RT : Youu guys are awesome.
Tomorrow I'm going to walk my coworkers through the changes to our website. Should I use static slides, or a live tour? Any tricks or tips?
What it do boo! Goodmorning homie have a good day! Let's get it!
A in calculus, now for rewrites and lectures.. MONEY IS THE MOTIVE
Am I a fool! I didn't know "macrosoft" existed
Can You Make My Life And Can I Get A "Hello Gorgeous?" Or I Love You Brianna.?<3
Come listen to Peter D'Amore tonight at Distil! Playing at 9pm!
catching up on some TiVo...when did Hugh come back to Feel so out of the loop!
Thanks for following me Mary!
some have suggested that risotto turns out just as well from a pressure cooker, or (O perish!) the microwave...
Graduation of 2011 tomorrow morning at the stadium at 9am. Come into Saxbys for your morning cup of joe!
Proud to announce that Reverend Marvin McMickle of Antioch Baptist Church has endorsed me for CCProsecutor.Thanks Reverend.
Looks like #ShackShack is a victim of it's own success :-(
TONIGHT Landrun Records Event.feat. Kylie Morgan, Lower 40 & nicnos - they'll be on stage all night, and don't forget;there's NEVER a cover!
Props to Doug E Fresh for coming to the Thanksgiving Day Parade in Detroit :-)
those are sensible goals!
=) glitter glitter glitter
it sucks. Ugh and today we have PE -_-
SheaMoí Naturelle is busy in our creative studio "upcycling." Stay plugged in...it's going to be chic, stylish, hot, bananas, swag...
I once endured an agency remodel, had the noise and the dust to contend with
It occured to me that due to my IT ineptness & slide-skipping...Rodney Dangerfield got no respect
RT : If ur coming to the Palace to see the Pistons play tonight stop by Sec 108 to see me in the booth
the magz i told u Ebony, Jet, etc y u want my autograph lol
Hanging out with , trying to figure out where to go from avnet party.
Need New Text Buddies (= DM Me For Number......
How about you don't shag balls in BP.
I LOVE - Thx 4 the most awesome delivery service men and women!!!
is going to look very silly trying to wear his MVP trophies on his fingers.
If Gaga calls her fans "Little Monsters" and Perry calls hers "Katycats", The Rubbish Zoo will call ours...
Woah! What a line for Harry Potter 7! I bet there are some great stories out there! Let's hear them www.inlinewaiting.com
Rise n shine ppl. Its "Thirsty Thursday", get ya ass up n do somethin. Get that diploma, get that money, jus get the hell up!!
VW you win so far. Hands down awesome.
is that a fantasy, or a description? If any place has that, tweet it out. :-)
Clear Channel cuts underway in regional markets. Let us know if you or a colleague gets downsized so we can help get the word out. Courage.
Walker, there is no path, the path is made by walking. Stop following, Start discovering!
want a fringe bathing suit so bad!
I would never shut down <3
Thank you, Lacey Buchanan, for sharing your story. He is beautiful inside & out. Bless you and Chrisitan, and have a beautiful Mother's Day
Hip Hop changes every year
What genre are you looking for? I'm sure we can give you some suggestions.
There is something singularly demoralizing as a technical writer when your work is overwritten, deleted, or lost.
Yes, I've done horrible things, but what matters is that I'm not walking that path anymore..
omg Best Coast is coming. I NEED TO GO
MediaPost: Study: People Outsmarting Higher Food Prices
I don't have an attitude. I just have a personality you can't handle ;)
I think i wanna change my bg to jacob latimore.... yep imma do it... :)
Why u stop messaging me?
Everglades City/Chokoloskee is such a time warp! The Rod & Gun Club will blow your mind.
RT : Always keep your eye on your goal....unless you're the goalie....in which case that could greatly hinder your productivity.
FOLLOWING EVERYONE BACK!
Thanks! will do
“: talk was too dirty for twitterr.. ;)” just a little <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Thank you for the RT!
what if I told you I'll buy you a milkshake when we are done? :)
Wonderful Saturday w/ riding bikes in the Bosque and gal pal things. ;-)
I can attest to this. RT : They call me the most mildly interesting man in the world.
yhu liv n france or r yhu goin to france
WHAT IS A BUMBLEFUCK?!
So Dems try and help people and they are "trying to kill granny." Then the republicans try and completely eliminate medicare. Think the dems
Don't think so :( Pretty broke these days. Will you be there? Dallas is not all that far... have family there.
Not one roundtable I've attended at #mla12 has involved a round table.
Glad you like it, you have a wonderful page yourself.
well in the area. Novi
The pain I am going through, is making me feel like I am dying.
yeah errbody misses you bro. You're coming next weekend though right?
I hate immature women, GROW THE FUCK UP.
we'll still be open w/ some brunch offerings but simply can't sustain full breakfast menu. So sorry
I don't know what that was, but it wasn't music, smh.
stop snooping it gets nowhere stalker :)
i'm always right.
haha it sure is.
Through all the drama, and ups and downs I am still a Mahomie. Once a Mahomie, always a Mahomie.<U+2665>
Having a productive day organizing the DV Fathers & Families Conference - Join us! www.DVFFC.org
me and my friend are in Language Arts can we get a shoutout?(:
ha! There's actually some cute things here. I'm like: did I lose my sense of good taste? What's wrong with me?! Help!
And the award goes to (drumroll), Dr. Wiggy's for the Best Hair Extensions..PERIOD!! Email or call 855-DRWIGGY TODAY!!!
My whole right arm and shoulder are so so sore. I was beating up the beat so hard!
Hello Jim, this Troy Davis
oh for sure. We can have joint weddings. :)
Hardest chemistry test ever.
Im pretty sure world peace is elbowing mike brown in that locker room.
maybe will sing a new song in the #BornThisWayBall!! let's hope!!
Back after a glorious vacation-- thank you #royalcaribbean. Spending some time catching up on work & emails during a cold day in
These Occupy people rock! Very eloquent statements about homelessness and very real Madisonians. Thank you Occupiers!
Watching Beauty and the Beast whilst building my new website.
OMG, he has a foot fetish too?
last time i checked, yelling "girl, where you get dat tan?!" at a stranger in the grocery store wasn't proper etiquette. but-what do i know?
I love you, okay!
ugh lol you work for enterprise lmao I know who u are now
Too many kids waste too many hours, in the gym, working on the things they are already good at.
Quite a year. Enjoyed watching u guys & gettin2know yall very much. Look forward to even more of all.
Sometimes God puts you in situations that seem impossible to manage because they were til He put you there.
ps HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
WITH MY BEST FRIEND.
I don't think we're FB friends, no. I liked your page though.
I'm not weird, I'm an individual. aha. A strange individual nonetheless.
March madness at its finest: vcu/witchita
Can't hear the song "Any way you want it" without imagining a dancing gopher.
Just posted a video of the Need 4 Speed Motorsports/Vossen Wheels booth at the 2011 Dub Show! Check it out on FB or Youtube!
Hines Ward is crying on dancing with the stars?? #DWTS Go #steelers ???
RT : We're live-tweeting the #SOTU from a #children perspective using #InvestInKids. / Don't forget staff!
Bitch I watch CSI I can make your death look like an accident!
Los Angeles is actually rainy today AGAIN!
Got into Belmont for songwriting!! WOO!! :)
I sure hope Steve Job's does NOT pass away! ;(
Love it!
good morning everyone from New York City!!!
Jam or Dilly Beans. RT Q3: what do you recommend for newbies to can first?
Room service to go , give them a call for fast delivery in your area
Haha youre welcome, I'm very informative ;P
Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube, Thats whats up!!! HELP!!! us gain more fans tell some friends
Wow Buffon what the fuck are you doing.
Last night's #PSU press conference was surreal. It's now even more chaotic from a #PR perspective. When will JoePa answer questions?
Thanks to for the mention in yesterday's paper!
OMG I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER OMG I'M SO EXITED FOR THE MOVIE I HAVE 3 TICKETS AN THIS TICKETS IS FOR ME AND MY BFF <3 AMANNDA :) BFF 4 EVER!!!!!
no problem
thanks ma ;-)
aren't we all haha ": Heath Bell is in....i'm scared."
Think i need a choclate sweet tonight.symphony sounds good
new episode up thursday starring from
if only you knew..
Hi there might I reference some of the insight here in this blog site if I reference you with a link back again on your site?
b yoself and if it scares them off fuckem.. who you trusting in them or god?
I love my phone ring tone.. its Meet The
Two kinds of gratitude: The sudden kind we feel for what we take; the larger kind we feel for what we give!
you should receive an email from
duude i really wish i coulda!i was at dinner and had already gone for like 2 hrs earlier..not like that matters;)
I wonder how many mahomies there are in long island. Hmm...
you know you're tired when you can't spell anything properly and your entire paper is made of typos. really stupid typos.....
I swear the chipmunks have a cover for everything these days...
Abu Dhabi sells small Tesla Motors stake Abu Dhabi National Energy sold its 7-percent stake in electric automaker Tesla Motors on the sto
This chick farted
but you is at ur dads house. how did you see that tweet?
I cant stand to see someone cry.
That weird moment when you beat 3 high school boys at MW3..
Coleman Cox~ I am a great believer in luck. The harder I work the more of it I seem to have.
If he goes to bed with , I think we've got a bestseller on our hands.
I guess if you don't eat breakfast until 10, you can't really have elevenses at 11.
But he didn't put his right foot in.
I know right?
you're crazy if you think just half your love, could ever please me.
I've got 90 and playoffs...
Our chemistry teacher thinks we can do this homework when he doesn't even teach us about it
If you don't like what I post on fb or tweet on here unfriend me or stop following me. I won't mind. Hell I won't even notice you're missing
Thanks for the shout out!
working that's all
I love the first Thur/Fri of March Madness... But it was much better when my Butler Bulldogs were a part of it.
Dear you better tell something before you are in the middle of a domestic dispute lmao
To all new friends.. Welcome to T7 TEA..www.t7tea.com
why is that? just wondering what made it a bad idea.
Not to be rude, but I really don't care.. like, at all.
dealing with sum shit
"If you are willing, the fates will carry you, if not, they will drag you."
(Via ) I don't understand how comic stores... -Thankfully, is my LCS. Whistle Stop WAS 4 train waiting only.
It's Friday, so go type "Do a Barrel roll" into Google and see what happens. Go on! (doesn't seem to work on mobiles). via
Wow! Don't you do the Danskin triathlon? Is that coming up soon?
you ARE a smart girl!-lol
Need a book for #commoncore on homophones & homonyms? Checkout Cat Tale by Michael Hall
Illogical set design on purpose? I say it's accidental. Incongruity can be forgiven to make a shot work.
we never claimed that this app was only for people with discerning taste.
I'm not a sci-fi or comic book fan in the least, but I saw it with & thought it was #EPIC. A cream fest in my shorts.
Swom.com looking for more info:
Good morning Twitter. Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies out there.
Did you hear Arvey almost closed a couple weeks ago? An investor swooped in at the last minute, phew!
I'll have you addicted.
really should stop being so gorgeous...not even joking<3
I smell sex and candy here Who's that lounging in my chair Who's that casting devious stares In my direction Mama this surely is a dream
Money is not the prime asset in life, time is.
Where in HIN are you?
Are exhibits with copious references to say, Lyotard, really for general public? Great blog post on problem of audience....
I'm a social media marketer in Seattle, work for a fine art publisher. In my past life I founded networking group
went to Flaming Grill last night. Lots of different meats. I <3 ostrich. Wild boar also good. And elk.
RT Review/debrief failure - how did they get there - can they find where they made an error?
mall tomorrow then bowling with twitterless Kayla and possibly Rena ( :
let's go Denver
“In spring they lie flat at the first warmth, they ruin my summer and in autumn they smell of women.” ~ Hugo Claus
looking forward to training when i join.
well I won't be on today...football :-)
Get Out the Toolbox Day! Toys R US wooden swingset now in the driveway. How many hours? days? years? will it take to assemble?
beat me to it on the sgt schultz
lmao run ya mouth 2mar and see what happen
: Congrats and Kudos to on graduating from Harvard Business School!! Making us all proud!"
You can almost he's it rolling down the tracks - best pic: The Artist (???)
? Taken ? Single ? I have internet.
It worked for me. I hate asking, but did you try turning XBL off and on again? I got booted from Live twice tonight, so.
u stopped talking again v..v
I think I'm obsessed with
Im gunna be busy as fuck tomorrow.
this morning :)) I told him about our doggy day :)
but how about yall wut yall been up to?
Today in Literary History: Author Charles Dickens was born in Portsmouth, England in 1812.
yaaay finally in Colorado <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
are you being serious?
follow me please i love you so much <3 "
Thanks Adam!!
Dang I really wanna go to Dynamic right now. I wish she could come pick me up..
Can anyone get me a job?!
No there aint no other its not a matter of trust its just sometimes love aint enough
RT social media mktg is ongoing investment that requires more time than any other type of marketing! BUT it WORKS
RE: The Bachelorette promo -- ugh. Really? Ugh.
happy birthday!
Drafting my fantasy baseball team tonight. Yeah. So there's that.
Got an A on my first Cali midterm :)
Home on the UWS again
very glad you enjoyed it!
U gotta take advantage of the days off
I just told her she was fine like a ticket on the dash
please follow me
Of course, Bon Iver on repeat while freezing sure makes you want to drink JD and cry, preferably while wrapped in a Snuggie.
miss u! When are we getting lunch again?!
So much goodness finally got funded for 2012. Can't wait to get started to implement!
Has Stephen King written a horror story about a trampoline yet? When is THAT going to happen? We demand representation!
Thank you for the kind words. We are grateful for students like you.
I’ve got a volleyball court with your name on it.
i'm bout to go to sleep. got church in the morning :)
I refrained from dubbing that last tweet a "#bfaproblem" because too many non-BFA problems have given a misnomer.
is probably the most difficult fan mktg platform I have ever tried to use.
It's all about the #Ratings!
Seriouisly?!? You too?!?
Gonna have to start thinking outside the box if we're going to protect our kids from each other. Need some smart folks.
RT : Cat Power puts me in THE mood. So relaxing.
On Diane's Hochman call and I almost wet myself - there is a major snorer. It's hard to hear Diane over him.
Alright this night just like last night.
Having said which, I am in full agreement with your apparent wish to improve language skills. So am I an arch nemesis or not?
Love sucks
Suck it
#cavs finished strong, I expected more but I'm proud of em just the same. A lot to look forward to 4 nxt year, next stop lottery in may
That's awesome! We're here anytime your even thinking about getting off track! TWEET US WHEN YOU NEED US! YOU CAN DO IT!
Everybody agrees that #katyperry sounded like a man at the KCA's what will happen next? I'm still a big fan no matter what! Love you Katy!
How's this for Ryder Cup drama?
: well do,but save it for another time,I'm going to catch some winks
But I saw it so there is balance in the Force.
no idea, but sure sick.. RT : What do you think he's doing with the hair?
Japan Develops Flashing LED Shoelaces, Perfect For Night Joggers or Pet-Walkers - ROCKETNEWS24 ROCKETNEWS24 Japan Develops Flashing LED S
lol lol i did but i just Woke not to long ago so i cant go to sleeo
U won't win either way in this conversation. #Bron takes the shot, #Wade takes the shot. Go figure.
Eating with chicken riggies yum
Well, we believe that Craig is in... However, not yet signed up. Can you pls give him a charming phone call to nudge him?
Yeah, my mom got them this morning! Thanks!
"It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go." - Jim Rohn
thanks you too :-)
WHY DID OUR PRESIDENT THANK HIMSELF INSIDE THE NEWEST ALLIED CONTRACT? He says without him, it would have not been possible. WOW.
haaha okay let me know what you think. I can't wait to get home and watch :)
Backers of #Romney lack passion because they believe he will win; backers of the others are passionate because they believe they MUST win.
I REALLY don't want to go to the grocery store. I want the groceries, but I don't want to have to get them. Taster testers make it bearable.
-- do you mean for the server's permit to pour?
I love the show and love the books even more. LOVE.
re facebook group - think I'm more interested in doing live online support...just need to find the time. I'm not big on facebook
ya, its hurting me too. $100 to fill my tank, 70gal of diesel for my delivery trucks :-(
another show down.... on 2 the next god bless
My Sony Vaio laptop is officially dead. And only after a year and a half. Seriously, ?
Yeah sounds bout right. What is you getting surgery on?
I see your happy but i just can't stop thinking about you..
no but really, ! great shin dig (and digs!), tasty eats () and fun new pals.
Free ground shipping on all sales over $100.00. Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 4926
the devil washed up on a moonlit shore, two pearls what once were eyes
“: When boys say i love you every night and prove it everyday. <U+2665>”
#RiPMCA Everything Beastie Boys trending right now. Shows their musics true reach.
Hahahaha well in that case...
You can't call shotgun in my car. Whoever won't fuck with my music, sits in front.
Lots of great Futbol matches today in Gonna be tough to keep track of all the action. Great day for a match here in WI.
huge inning for AJ coming up. Shut them down 1-2-3
Toya said they gone come to orlando so no doubt
best thing in the world #004652: pulling a splinter out of your finger before it gets totally infected. so good
hey girl !:) I was wondering, did Laura tell yu what we'r doing Saturday ?
....expo can broaden your network and create employment opportunities where you might not of thought of previously.
put your meat in that peach
charlynne , me and that guys at school broke up lol . & me and my ex are back together lol
Im falling asleep everywhere
i never really look for a girl, they just come when they come, its just crazy cause most I've in countered with are hoes.
Awww crud, nevermind. Not on this week for some reason.
I have yet to visit your establishment but I am a white :)
let's just say that Bill's been blocked by more than one of his DC BOYZ
(:that's the first time I've ever heard that. Thanks I guess
please follow mee!!<U+2665><U+2665>
neologism of the day: apophstasy - an illuminating commission of agnosticism, belligerent enough to provoke excommunication
Congrats to all that participated in the #ShamrockRun! Come on down to the bakery and reward your workout!
Being in the car for a total of 5hrs has given me a lot of time to think about you...<U+263A>
Been shopping the whole day!
#12boobs seems overwhelming. #12beers on the other hand
Thanks for coming to the party !
Did you read disgusting tweets celebrating briebarts death & praying that O Reilly & Limbaugh are next? U R in good company.
Judy Hale is in Denver this eve to share her knowledge on credentials, certificates & more. The public is welcome; small $. www.ispi-frc.org
Just watched it and thought the exact same thing.... still looking forward to the game though...
its okay babe we'll get through this together haha :)
defines their niche as local and generates enough revenue to pay salaries for a handful of journalists
yes, but have you gona at 2:30 drunk? NOPE. we can be those girls!!
you be ridiculous ..
": Bear Down!" Hell yeah! Go tear em up!
You could follow me on Instagram or not
was hoping they were gonna play in Phoenix but not this year.
Why are my parents such party animals?
Dam bae I hope u don't do me like dat sheesh. I'll suck it for a new outfit lol
Getting a car. This should be interesting.
If you have a roof over your head why wouldn't you pursue your dreams?
No, they are the fearful. Conservatives fear any change, retreat to familiar, safe. Fear also makes them easily manipulated.
liz follow keep following I look forward to seeing you in my espresso bar
Jar Jar Binks rocks.
Whew I needed that damn nap lol.
Ok, you're back oin good standing! Lol! :)
Ah! What the heck happened!?!
Let's go
getting 5 more minutes in, in this bed & to the tub I will be!
Got off of work. Car is dead. Sweet.
Nice to finally meet you
I've lost my job and would appreciate any leads you might know of in the Training/Instructional Design arena.
The AFT invited Bill Gates to speak at a time when he espoused publishing teacher ratings. Weingarten taunted dissenters in her own ranks.
... you might want to make 'a' static there, but may depend on your architecture - mispred. branch penalty, cache miss, etc.
You can't name a bridge Chuck Norris cause nobody crosses Chuck Norris.
Just finished making cupcakes for my bestest friend
that would be great ... but, alas, i think that ship sailed.
good luck!
deep in the studio with Kingston Yard- crucial dub stylez from Kingston NY.
Highly amused at the war currently raging on Tumblr over what houses the Glee characters would be sorted into if they were in Harry Potter
Dr. Julia Joseph-DiCaprio on Saturday evening 8:05 p.m.
You're not missing much. Great job on JRIB today, T!
No one good is on xbox :/ <CoolStoryBro>
here here, maybe I'll be able to get out early RT : will be ready for 2nd Guiness by then! :)
#MyWeirdObsession sleeping naked.
Prank Call Time ;) Watch me fail
"Sometimes," said Pooh, "the smallest things take up the most room in your heart."
hey Melissa! Hope you're doing well.
#NOV1ST NEEDS TO COME RIGHT NOW ! I want Santa to give me Justin, and that is all.
Friends are telling me to go to the dr if foot hurts is so bad. No thank you. I go in and find out I need surgery? No, not having surgery!
need a place to watch the monday night game of the year?? come join us for all the action
Having a great discussion about the importance of teacher evaluation to ensure effective teaching with our charter principles.
ever since my mom saw the style of my purse she wanted her own, its bc shes an effing baawwwse...like me ^.^
Yes, I think I do that, too. Depends on the circumstances...
keep your heart open wide, save it for somebody who cares.
My first car, an '86 Mazda 323, had the timing belt snap on it. I thought I was taking good care of that car, too.
Update: I'll be at Vamp Ultra tonight in the patio & tomorrow inside! C U there! Grumpy out!
Who out there has nerded up and purchased Diablo?!?! Just got it who wants to clear some dungeons
Good Morning!
Come get some lip smacking Raspberry froyo at Porter Square! No lies, it goes A-MAH-ZING on our freshly made belgian waffles ^_^
An effort to name the eastern peak of Mount Sopris after the late John Denver has hit a snag.
The Avengers blew my expectations out of the water. I'd give it a solid 8.5/10. Scarlett Johansson, 10/10.
it's triple hopped!
TICK OF THE CLOCK FROM THE DRIVE SOUNDTRACK IS PERFECTION
The #reasonrally of atheists is gathering on the national mall tomorrow. God will be raining on them. Haha.
Sorry, but just saw this tweet. Once everything valuable has been digitized, we'll then digitize worthless stuff. *kidding*
RT : "Everyone should write a book;....everyone has something to write wbout"
#KnowThis ...If you don't take defense seriously then your coach won't take you seriously.
STOP comparing yourself against sheep, walk & talk among lions. Choose to be a champion, IT'S TIME TO STEP IT UP!
Finally on Twitter!! I'm setting up my blog and looking forward to share and gain knowledge!
none of the bros whacks, you must be drunk or something lol
I just wanna sleep...
Enjoy! Thanks for visiting Quaker Steak & Lube!
RT : I feel bad for LSU's QB...it's not his fault...the linemen's are not protecting<<
Teehee you be missing lots of things... Cali > Texas
IBM's CEO Ginni Rometty says CMO's will drive more tech spending than CIO's going forward due to need to connect with customer.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! UR a miracle! Mom,Cancer survivor, then mom again! God is good! So glad that we've been friends for 20 yrs!
barney gave me stitches...
It is so hot in my house ugh!
Haha - I'm glad somebody else used to feel the same way. Really, I was the 1 missing out, since walking is great! RT : Me too :)
thanks for Retweeting it :) but can you please tweet it it wold help more pretty please:) and follow back? <3
Best breakfast in bed is the type that I don't have to make! Also, anything with bacon.
We're open till 10pm tonight. Come in and buy that last minute Mother's Day gift!
Creek walk <U+263A>
tijuana Baja California so it's sort for Tijuana
thank youu hahah, and school is just a effing joke to mee! lmaoo
MLB.TV subscription? Yup! Ready to watch !
my headlight is all fixed so I am all ready for the concert and fireworks on Monday.
glad to hear that! We are excited to see your review and please enjoy the products :)
New favorite healthy breakfast= peanut butter and bananas on a whole wheat tortilla. Don't knock it til you try it. Stay Healthy My Friends!
yea that girl gave it back to me
Fundamentalists seem to be out in full force recently. I've had enough.
thanks boo!
2nd week in Jan! u been a good girl ;) RT: just saw a new location on SE Division. When does it open? Best Christmas EVER!
Haha ;) & I'm right for sure this time cause there's no day when you're not cute ;) xo
A typical pencil can write 45,000 words, or draw a line 35 miles long! Just saying! ;-))
heyy everyone c:! go follow and like on fb, his band GOGOGOGOGOGO
I'm almost six feet!!!
Enjoying an awesome 2002 #closdubois Briarcrest-the essence of #Cabernet. This is what California cab should be
Seriously, what the hell is the obsession with my cat and my phone case! she just chewed it!
Thanks! You two rock. :) If you think what we're doing is cool, let me know.
love it, have a special whore in my life I will tell that to one day
I just got that email from and I started giggling.
*taking super hard test* "Oh Fuck this, I will just be a stripper"
Watch The Dictator&#39;s Opening Scene - Gray Spencer&#39;s blog
Last second make up work to get this A on my computer class lol
DEVILS FANS!!!WHAT'S YOUR BUCKET? .BUD LIGHT, BUDWEISER, BUD LIME FOR $15 BUD LIGHT PLATINUM $20..MILLER LIGHT $15.
I hate Mondays.
Maybe if we're lucky will respond : )
our pleasure!
Montana ass elbowed me in my lip
Thanks for the RT and
At school. Coast is clear! No sign of them...Yet
I see What Your Doing with tht dude! Have Fun!!
fake checks are usually very big and are followed by a request you send/wire/transfer funds to another party to get more $
why all the hand wringing over a review that seems like an honest critique of a bad game? Maybe it's time we killed our idols
#SometimesIWonder why you have no self respect for your damn self.
Tell a friend to come to 'Booktime with your Baby' Tues. 11:30am-noon at the Slavin Family Children's Library
This convo I'm having with my little sister is hilarious, she's 12..
Renee & Shari got some new outdoor furniture and they look like they don't know how to arrange the tables & chairs - they need my help.
Can't wait to see on the 9th @ Joe's Bar! I'm ready to get a little bit Sideways! ;D
Anyway, the learning curve was getting step! Lol glad ur on board!
RT : Are you a "wine lover?" Or a "wine casual-dater?" Wed features selected 1/2 price bottles, $2 off glasses, $8 off bottles.
Moo says my mailbox
nm sittin here bored :p you?
yes, you are correct! :) I hope you are doing well.
I think if the rest of your outfit is work-appropriate and tasteful you'd be fine? A lil' pop of fun never hurts :)
Don't be afraid my life will end; be afraid that I never begin living! Am I still living life to the fullest? Start living again!
For those who can't make it to Utah for premier at Sundance, the interactive video exhibit opens at on Feb 3
Much Love & Respect
steak frites! Thank you!
It's not quite like March Madness ...
Wishing I was at 2011 CES in Las Vegas - looks like smart TV's will be big in 2011!!
Thanks for another great week everybody! We're ready to kick off a FABULOUS weekend! Cinco de Mayo and the Marathon, going to be great.
just do it. oh and don't forget to include more pics of yours truly
They better cancel this EOC today cause I'm not takin it.
Hope everyone is having a blessed Sunday, prayers and thoughts for the military who lost their lives this weekend & their families.
I received +K about Sales from - pitched low and outside just like I like it, thank you again Sir!
Over the last three days, I've been able to add "merch girl," "clothing sorter" and "flower delivery girl" to my resume
Yes please!! ": we're gong on a date when I get home..."
fuck this rain needs to go away!!
yesterday was my birthday ! (:
I wanna meet a guy on twitter but I know what fucking pussies you probably all are :(
still figuring out this whole twitter thing...
Thank you so much!
they are a bunch of cocky mofo's aren't they. Lol I hope we kill them.
Anyone up for a glass of wine with me? :)
All i wanted to do was play some basketball. Its always that one bitch that watches me like a hawk
interesting. Thanks gents.
To 5 year old cousin, Anna: "Do you kiss boys?" Her response: "Duh."
#kids Original Tommy's Chili Revealed: Original Tommy's Chili Revealed from Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at 7:00 PM to Wednesday, May 16, 2012...
alright lil ma sound good cuz u know im the only honeky who b young money material
My favorite part about live feed while waiting for big press conferences: all the reporters who don't realize they're on a hot mic.
Lols. RT : In other news, MySpace just acquired Polaroid.
HRResourcePortal.Com - proud Gold Sponsor of 7th Annual JEA Motorcycle Ride for United Way. Picture should be up by Thursday morning.
MLB12 #TheShow commercial, pretty cool, and I really dislike the Cubs.
Are you watching the all new
is talking about the search for ET now ;-)
yeah baby. you are a fucking awesome writer. proud of you
bitches ain’t shit and they ain’t saying nothin’ a hundred mothafuckas can’t tell me nothin’ i beez in the trap, be-beez in the trap-nicki<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Much Luv to
Eh, I'm not always right. (i.e. "The Oscar goes to 'Shakespeare In Love.'" What?!)
Why did your twitcon scare tf outta me ?!
Or up, if it's Michael Fassbender.
IM FOLLOWING YOU , INSTEAD OF FOLLOWING ME FOLLOW YANIQUE U SEXXY -
im going to the game
Check out our music, and keep checking back for updates. Ohh yeah if your a drummer or know a drummer hit us up cause were still looking.
can i get a follow back ma
Walked in to gap and start singing to one direction" what makes you beautiful' :)
I'm thinking #Chiefs, with the #Titans being my dark horse.
well Chelsie is my "nigga" sorry we aren't up to your standards princess
stop tweeting from bed at 1pm!
at you and yo mouth.
Couldn't agree more about you being outnumbered. Just don't have it in me. Though, I was raised Republican.
Another new IPod..
Dylan Does :D
What was your favorite business to follow on Facebook or Twitter in 2011?
Good night
Working in Rhode Islad this weekend. On the bright side, I think this next week will be the 1st in over a month that I don't work 60+ hours.
Hey it's BK, What should he name it? ZZ Top's Billy Gibbons to unveil his own beer later this year. (ZZ Top song titles, lyrics-fair game)
www.rit. edu/brickcity registration is back open! Enjoy the new website and thx for your patience!
Wanting this work week to be over already.
yo yo yo. my phone no signal. in the back left past the info booth by the map collection.
Thanks friend! And thanks for your wise words on love yesterday! :)
damn this the new Rashee
I take ewm home
'Morning, all! Moving is taking precedence over Tweeding at the moment, apologies for being rather dull these days.
yeah, May has been a doozy too. Hang in there. June is freaking me out though. Too much!
instead i choose to fight with my pen and my notebook.
as we are cleaning our house post-party: "I wish, instead of leaving their jackets here, people would just leave cash."
Don't you hat it when you're trying to text "homie" on your iPhone and instead it puts "honor"!
Current contender for funniest-sounding (and real) disease: "Coxsackie"
Ewww. My moma boyfriend feet so hard & rough looking!
PACKED HOUSE!
enjoyed finally meeting up with you! how did your spaghetti and chicken dish go last night?
and thank you, i don't normally forget thanks...
I smile because I know gods plan for me is great.
Going through my voter guide. There sure are a lot of measures! And who are these judges?!?
they have a 24oz coffee for like 2 bucks! I love me some Dunkin Donuts!
I love girls, girls, girls, girls. Girls I do adore...
Stay positive! #PackerNation loves you! Stay hungry for next year! =)
#stadiumforthepeople ill be there soon to catch a friendly match that #ElSalvador will be playing!
Once again watching the sexy David Boreanaz!!! I love the tv show Angel i could watch it forever! :)
#whenitwascoolto rock coca cola shirts & used jeans 1991 damn!
HEYYYOOO BACK WITHIN 6!... Unfortunately it just took Bucky 11 minutes to score 6 points...
Ayyeee u know how we do mixtape on da way RT : #ShoutOut to my bro for the assist earlier.
Once again, sucked in by the siren song of El Farolito
I have to buy baby turtles for my friend's birthday. I wonder if Mat Squire likes baby turtles... well he's not getting one.
yeah... Like eventually you'll email them.
British: "One DYE-rection." Americans: "One Der-ection." Chinese: "Wan Da-re-shun." Irish: "Wonder-action." Me: "Flawless homosexuals"
- so funny, i was just reading your blog about 'kitchen stash supper' - i totally did this last night! :)
Where can I get the most current info on the #rutgers debacle?
<3 i must leave you for now, but i'll be back later!! mom is in the hospital.. its ok. she is fine.. tell u when i get back :)
who just won then?:3 xo
RT : Are u looking for Critical Thinking training? Check out the Critical Thinking Boot Camp in NYC June 5-6. DM 4 info
Email me at I'd love to set up an interview! :)
No. Just first time during bball season RT : your first time seeing Colin Cowherd on ESPN I take it?
Everette Watkins is a big, big son of a gun. Know what I mean? Think you do.
Awesome! Are you still looking for an apartment or are do you have a scheduled visit with us?
near old towne what you doing tomorrow can I scoop it in the morning
could whoever is taking up every single washer and dryer in the laundry room please stop? this is my designated laundry time
Romney says his message for the campaign will be "Jobs and children." Apparently he's making cuts to both of them :p
usually about religion or politics. and they're usually stupid.
Plentiful sunshine and 80 for April 26th for my Birthday on Thursday? (Keeping fingers crossed)
my cab driver gets shit done
I agree 100%! Everyone in my fam likes Viccis version better!
I'm calling shenanigans!
got your message moving this week I will call you Monday :) (or if you want to Sunday funday with us let me know)
I don't have yours either O.o
Someone needs to cine get this 10 year old while she's still alive...
all about my riches my name should be richard
Cool, let me know! I've been involved with them since the pilot in 09.
Beautifully put!
Went to the LA Premiere of tonight and it was awesome. Thank you , Chris, RG and our master George Griffith!
Reflection is an amazing way to re-charge and maybe we won't have to repeat the same lessons.
Like "I realize it's presumptuous to think you might have use for these, but still—please [do/do not] use them for [saving lives/pageviews]"
Just won a $100 Stub Hub giftcard for networking on ! U should join the #sponsorship industry network @ www.sponsorpitch.com
Got your name from Elizabeth Hill - interested in WSOP 2012 marketing/advertising opportunities. at your convenience.
Ralph Lauren boat shoes I'm already crusin'.
Nothing wrong with giddying up to #nafsa12 as long as people giddy up to #nafsa13 and beyond! :)
I'm making chai flavored granola. I think it's turning out well!
No. My liking is confined to Pawan.
its gonna be the best fucking country this world has EVER seen. BOOM. hur i am!
Surveys are coming back! You're chance to win a $50 gift card to Best Buy is coming in one day! Just in time for the holiday season.
Madonna. MIA. Yeah.
ugh I feel like death=(
I want a tasty hot dinner (not lunch)...cold smoothies are breaking my spirit...
I do this for my people
im gonna watch a movie on my laptop. im done with this crap.
Thanks for the #FF!
where are you dorming ?
You're doing the right thing.
Fish, chips and a pint sounds brilliant right about now.
Anyone know of an Indy organization that will accept donated used children's books?
just got it. Thanks. See you next week.
There's a newhouse class called Disney Princesses and Diversity...
get to share my story this Sat. at the RESULTS meeting & talk abt meeting the POTUS!
": Ugly girls are 10 x most likely to fall in love with a good man than a pretty girl would"
/ looming author like Shkspr. What's the downside of not having such a suturing point for community?
looks yummy!!!!
Yes, please tell me. RT : Why are people being such *uck nuts today?
thanks for sharing this week's top papers!
Man do i miss that californian sticky icky.
If you don't like Run to the Sun by N.E.R.D than you aren't a genuine fan of music, no possible way.
You have heard this 1m times, so here is 1million and 1 #luv u guys- and that Intimate video is fun-ty!!!
Cheap Date with Friends. :) “: Hey all you broken hearts, come get a #Valentine - $5 Dark & Stormy's tomorrow night”
Damn all these ASAP groups and Raider klan members wanna follow me now lol
Nice shout-out to digital history jobs. A couple of the panelists note it as area where opportunities are "mushrooming."
My social life was terrible this year.
haha. Thanks. I was so annoyed. Experiencing major #autocorrectfail this morning. ;-)
A special shout out to my amazing wife today for her Birthday :) I love you Joy!
Check me out on Inside MMA on HD Net tonight during Bas Ruttens segment
Thanks for helping us out <3 please keep it up and spread the word!
haha you posted that on fb! #real talk!
Tonight starting at 7pm we got your tickets for House Of Shock.. We're calling it the House Of Shock beat the line weekend 1st winner @ 7:30
Thousands of US fans stuck in traffic, such a shame when the event is only on US soil every 4 yrs. Poor organisation by someone.
We gotta hang in there with ARod. No choice. Most importantly.... let's get this W !!!!!
Who is guy doing PBP w/Czar...way too loud & overselling everything, doesn't sound comfortable, too robotic
hm better
After CSF though
Ravens what r u doing????
Best of Luck to our boys #bwfc #avfc & Jack Jebb #afc as they meet up for #Eng U17 international duty today.
I didn't see you..:( you shouldve said hi..I did look for you since I always see you when I play CC..hope you're well!
Lol I'm So Tired I'm Posting Da Wrong Think Smh lol
and for that I write in blood. Lol
the bath is the best for squirting fun! took my favorite toy and had a nice, long, relaxing bath. wanna cum see just how soaked i got?
solid datasets are absolutely happiness-inducing, as is 2008-18 labor data (SO many states still seem to have 2006-16 projections!!)
cash from Quattro that day
Actually, that's a good reminder! :-) RT Kind of a duh thing, but always expect technical difficulties.
The Healthy Voyager Reviews Food For Lovers Vegan Queso Spicy Nacho Cheese Alternative
I don't have a tv!? How will I watch the premiere of this Sunday, May 20th on G4??!!
do you have any explanations of how come jonathan cook's to be that big while the other part of his body not?
Sunday morning jam: classic Bobby Broom, "Clean Sweep" and "Livin' for the Beat."
Cheers to that & thanks for the mention! We'll let our #Bacchusmke bartenders know how much you loved their Old Fashioned
Happy Mother's Day!
watching happy tree friends omg who ever made up this show is sick in the head!!!
okay, I care? but meanwhile you don't. don't act dumb..
YOU WERE THE LAST GOOD THING ABOUT THIS PART OF TOWN
Missin my little booger. Nice to have a break, but I feel empty without her lol. Can't wait to see her tomorrow. (:
Things I found boring when I was a kid, I now find relaxing.
Hi Amy. How did you become a freelance reporter? I love journalism, but am unsure how to get into it professionally.
On my mind :]
Simple as ABC123?
"Wait, never mind, I'm lying."
Sweet, keep us posted & we'll tweet out some love!
"Self Mgt" should be redubbed "co-management" arent we BOTH in charge of care? (MD and Patient)
Dead car came back to life...lets see how long it lasts
Thanks for coming out to the cemetery today and letting me show you the rope.
Duke knocks down another pair of free throws.
Got a Twitter account? So does #GoldenValleyYum. Come check us out and ask us to 'Follow' you! See you there!
Have you joined #thecn yet? What #opened courses and #conexus are you part of?
I think your really pretty but im to afraid to tell you
Thank you! We can't wait to put him in it :)
Oh awesome! Which pie of ours did you try?
Bend it over, Touch ya toes, Whip it out show dem ho.s ya bank roll <3
Leaving Saint-Paul de Vence today and heading to Lyon. I will miss this magical walled village and Luc Tombeur, our gracious host.
The UW gave me a second chance I didn't deserve. But I've worked hard since then to earn it. Served my country after 9/11 at the NSA
Wow. That's huge (that's what she said). It crazy that iOS and Android are competitors against Sony and Nintendo on that front.
Wow just rocked the AMAs! Awesome performance with amazing photos!
Just installed 12.04 LTS beta 2 and gnome-panel to get classic mode back. It's so good! Oh how I missed non-unity Ubuntu.
I know, right?
"Call 1-800-222-6618. You’ll talk with a woman named Robin in a blue sweater who will ask you, Would you like the large size or the jumbo?"
that's what I get!! But 75% is a little excessive.
Glad we can bring joy.
so agree
I've watched the Tupac Coachella video an unhealthy amount of times.
there was this guy at mcdonald's and I guess he ordered a McSwag ?? xD lol I was like WTF is that made of?
Love is like a fart. If you have to force it, it's probably shit.
Knee-deep in social media planning for multiple clients.
Gary Glickman from OMB ends #NSTIC governance options panel distilling theme: rapid gov't collaboration and consultation with stakeholders
Thanks for the plug Mac.
NetworkMarketing is the future, get the facts!If you dont like your job, dont have a job,or want a plan B in this unstable economy!
Laubichler: need new kinds of repositories that do not yet exist / need to do more than just reading papers
. I'm waiting for an answer to my question.
What up bro? I still got that pic from when i met you at the Hardrock Cafe in downtown Dallas years ago.Stay cool people bro!
She should be grateful she's still on my shelf.... Drama will get you cut from the team!
Some asshole in The Dangerous Summer -.-
. describes team going prospecting around the library, looking for "data gold."
My sister told my nephew today "Auntie Nora is coming over tomorrow" His response "Yah! Mom, she is a good girl!" I'm a good girl people!
oh hot damn
My head is in "the cloud" today.
RT : Good news: I repaired my mower. Bad news: lost my excuse to not mow. :( > Too funny!
Hello Thanks for following along : )
Seriously so fucking bored.
And I'm excited to be hanging out with you yet again and absorbing a hint of your epic awesomeness. :)
RT : Don't forget to ask the universe to look after your health and well being #becauseyou'reworthit
Go head Nick Young! Lol
Who wants free tickets? We'll give away a pair on 2-night at 12. Just write "I want free tickets to " on your wall!!
Well, hello FRIDAY, where the hell have you been YOU LOVELY CREATURE?????
Ring, Bracelet, Chain, Watch.. 9000Watts, 9000Watts..
I mean the score right now. 6-1
did you delete your kik?
So true, They are just waisting their time lol.
Honey badger don't care what wants!
On the ground in #Atlanta. 30 minutes to disembark and run to connecting flight. Ready go!
Thanks for the LIKE Jens-Arild Johannessen. Nice to have friends from so far away. SWEET!
Who buys a blue Lambo? Come on!
- TY doll! Follow me for #celebritystyling & #fashion-tips! Xox
I Need To Stop Crying Man. Im Effing Up My Eye Liner, Lol !
Next time you are in MD, belated bday dinner.
: Academic talks over the internet. "The art of the online research presentation" -- how about a stand along event in May?
Welcome to the club..and yes nothing planned here. Already wished the momcats here a Happy when it got to 12AM EST
Pac-10/12 prepared you well, Nick Perry. Welcome to the team
Jerry’s Artarama 44th Anniversary Artist Appreciation Sale Offers Amazing Deals on Art Supplies and Materials at ...
All these people hate on , but He's SO MUCH MORE passionate than they are. He's changin to REACH & they sittin savin no one.
Vegas quote - The safest way to double your money is to fold it over once and put it in your pocket. ~Kin Hubbard
I'd do a "Everyone evacuated!" joke, but that could backfire spectacularly. And not be that funny.
Cnt wait till comes to NY, love that dude
buy #tickets for the #concert ahead of time, they'll go quick! bostonstringplayers.eventbrite.com
It's a fight alright!
I'm about to burn up in here. I'm about to get up and turn the air on in these folk house.
Thanks. Will be putting out a new blog explaining exactly that on Monday. Still doing research.
“Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.” General George S. Patton
Was Rei good?:(
hi! how are you doin?
m, yes. That is another option :\
I just saw a gay asian guy with a black girls booty.
Maury "I'm a 1000% sure he's the daddy"
it's not just the assessment--it's the fallacy that one can adequately assess simply based on what's on the screen.
thanks for getting back to me. I'm not sure what I should expect, but thought a new modem would be faster than one from 2002.
He listened!!RT : Ok Baby B---7 hours last night was amazing!! If you can make it to 4:30 again, I will be one happy Daddy.
thanks for coming out. Had a blast. Till next time
Abraham Lincoln: "Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing."
keep me updated on the the win on Adanza ur the only news I can find! Lol Thanks Man
Three schools today! And a presentation to college elementary education students.
i agree 100% I really hope everyone does to
1st sign of the upcoming apocalypse: Today the employees at the DMV were nice and courteous.
Yes. I will scan them from my sketchbook shortly.
when the product doesn't work as expected, change or modify logo. this 2 will likely just work on paper!!!
In Paris! Bonsoir!
it is :T lol
BREAKING NEWS: Beth Phoenix is not medically cleared to compete. A mystery opponent will challenge Divas Champ Nikki Bella 2nite @ Extre ...
I am using
Unexpected Bj's >
EVERYTHING GOING OK WITH ME, THANKS FOR ASKING....HOPE THE REDS BUST OUT OF THIS HITTING FUNK THERE IN......
Mase bodied that slight work
The bad news is, vacation is over :( The good news is, it's back to work making awesomely creative things!
yeah I got a few skills. ;P
You know I'm a dedicated student if I actually get up and come to class when it's raining
I almost forgot how good ramen noodles are
If you can't convert for your main product, drive micro conversions,says
:) Thanks!! And a great choice it is! Your series should be a staple for all children!
Just read your tweet. Sullivan was not key figure in fight againt apartheid. more
-don't judge me for my choices when you don't know my reasons. <3
I had the pleasure of meeting today. I was super impressed. Thanks for all your wonderful insights on the world of
This afternoon's playlist consists of 303 songs that start with the letter "G" on shuffle. Surprisingly good mix.
Just another reason to cherish your mother while she's still here.
Hi! Thanks for recent RTs
Just started taking piano lessons:)
I want you to know I didn't talk about poop at all. I was a gentleman. My topic of choice was vomiting.
they offer the email option, but i'd like to have the short link to share on a website or via twitter.
thank you for the compliment and the follow. Will keep you updated
Who wins in this trade? Big Ben and Mendenhall 4 M Turner (starting QB for this team is J Freeman, not in trade)
Still no follow?
Even though fedoras were already worn and fairly popular, #FrankSinatra made them cool. Do you own a #fedora?
damn where you stay at ?
MUAHAHA!!! It's the perfect plan! Soon they'll be calling me "50 Pesos"
oh yeah! U definitely needa visit me!
Hibbert is 3rd on that list. Rarely any good centers in The NBA though lol
are u talking about me???
Morning! It's unbelievable what can be accomplished when everyone on the same page!
Yep he's definitely still hot. Can I visit more often?
Follow my tweets is a Awsome account related to Porn ;P
4 more pounds down total of 14.5 pounds lost...6 more to get to my 20pound goal...I can do this!!!
100 years is a long time to be around in Miami. Do you really think we don't know how to have a good time?! See you tonight!!!!
You can use glass tiles as an accent or trim, to cover large areas or to create a shimmering pattern with or without other tile.
:) RT : was cleaning lighting office for work study, came across a book you wrote!
word?! ooh. found it., thanks!
I want to vote on the poll Austin put but I don't know where to vote for anysuggestions?!
Loving the easy breeze gently blowing through the patio screen.
RT : #Aquarians are observers. They see everything, everything...and yes EVERYTHING!
let's trash the dead weight... intriguing as fuck...
Looking for a Lenten Challenge? Give up saying "absolutely," "literally," and "definitely." Your colleagues will thank you.
Ben Brust sure isn't afraid to shoot. It's nice to have a such a pure shooter on the team.
Hilarious! I'll buy a stack.
I guess the question is more like could you live with yourself/the guilt and moral consequences
April 4th Enoham hospital San Antonio
We all have to forgive sometimes
Did you know Miami Beach's Art Deco District is the largest collection of Art Deco architecture in the world?
Just got in the house lol
Use Gary Taylor in Adams Morgan. He's the best. He's also a little scattered so it's entirely possible you meant him.
yes have watched most of the videos - tweets and blog too!
not knowing what to have as your background because you just love so many boys and you dont know which one to have lol
im so proud of you! i remember when you have 60k followers. look at you now.<U+2665>
straight up.
Omg heck yeah a strip club in hollywood. Hold on ima get my stiletos lmao
I had been referring to my friends cat as "Sieti", which was sort of accurate, I guess. Today I finally read his tag - C A T
Of course shes gonna say that its okay. SHE'S TRYING TO BE A GOOD FRIEND!!
sleepy time. night. (:
: So glad you are following the tweets from #FGS2011 in Idaho!
cause im a nice guy like that :p
Is it cheating to google image it before drawing?
I live in Fox Lake. What about you?
nah no Walmart tonight
Marriage is not just spiritual communion, it is also remembering to take out the trash.
YAY ELISE<3 anyway, when Lana Del Rey performs after commercial I may as well take a 3 minute nap...YAWN lol
Friends time. Got to love my crazy sisters #TimeForRevenge hahaha (:
He has such an awesome self-deprecating personality though!
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen you eat chicken and realize your chicken tender looks like Taylor Swift, hot damn Tyson Foods has
you have much to learn, sir.
I know I know! Haha always have been!
Will be on at 4 pm talking about Newt Gingrich while wearing a Herman Cain tie.
is rockin it out right now at #naca2012 !!
thank god its friday :D.
Yeah, there was so much information in them.
WE LOVE YOU!
Suddenly wanting the iPad and hating myself for it...
but your education is not valuable to the person who loaned you the money to get it so other compensation is needed. What is it?
Thank you for the RT!
all day by I miss listening to that song(: it's my fav(:
If you're not following #FreshCoastMke #slapyourself We're counting down til' the #FreshCoastClassic on Thanksgiving weekend!
#ToughLove love love love
Everyone has a photographic memory… some just don’t have film.
U gone learn today
CHECK US OUT AT TROLLEY NIGHT TONIGHT!
Happy Saturday! What are your weekend dining plans?
I can certainly respect that...
alright ya'll come back now ya hear?!
Is anyone else thinking, "What? It's already May 15th!" today??
Speaking of distraction. Where's my... ~wanders off~
haha sorry Im just now responding your tweet! So you'll probably be here in like 2 more hours? I guess. OMG I'm so excited!
Peanuts all the way!!
Fort Collins for the 2nd straight day. Holy Family Final 4.
Jessica Simpson FINALLY gives birth this morning to daughter Maxell Drew 9lbs 13 ounces!
yes I try too. Lol. I have 27! In over my head a always!
congrats! how cool
Pleased with this weeks' bulk food choice: Quinoa pasta casserole with spinach, zucchini, ricotta, parmesan, mozzarella, and tomato sauce.
I'm not even watching toy story
Get money if nothing..else
It's always better when we're together.
Experience - the wisdom that enables us to recognise in an undesirable old acquaintance the folly that we have already embraced
Now playing Donald Byrd "Miss Kane"
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.
Hello there..I'm early too! What's the word on the streets?
Thanks #FF When I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia in 1996...I said "With What?" So much controversy about it....
Haven't been on here for a while... I kinda miss it so I'm coming back (:
#Vatican now comparing #abortion to Holocaust. The Pope must have sucked on his high school debate team.
Stop in today for $6 Muffaletta sandwiches
Lol #somf gone be friends after today.
Did you know that Dalmations are completely white at birth?
Follow Back...Please
Be bold and have courage in moving around and changing offices, but be purposeful. Don't leave just to leave
Star of Texas is always a winner.
#Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person we become.
Except to the Ontario bitch who plagued me on 79 today.
If school's start getting twitters, I'm leaving twitter (-: peace out girl scout
RT : Just because you can't see it doesn't mean its not there. >>> Damn lol
Oh and a mule
I promise we'll keep the scary animals away.
Where is the place that theatre happens in Tulsa?
This NBC News special on the Bin Laden raid is tremendous.
You're already on #twitter, but do you have your own #website? #facebook doesn't count.
#SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet.. Will that #SOMEDAY be now? <3 7
COKE BOYS
how does lunch sound :)
I haven't had any major successes but if I can't even get many of my friends to take ten minutes to read my work...
Bob Evans has amazing salads...
Thank you so much for listing me!
The people I wantt to follow me: and !!<3
Omg, just stop
Beadles r my dad"no,u can go nxt Sunday.2morrow testing week"-_-They mite not go! , GOnextSUNDAY
Tonight and do some real fun improv for u at 10pm at Bring a date story to tell. needs this.
Why am i up
Watching the Masters. Geez golf is boring haha.
Good morning my people enjoy your weekend... remember any day above ground is a good 1.
"I thought it would fun to screw with other people's lives before I check out." Karen to Roy.
I can't find the game on Dish????WTF
Congratulations its CRACK
DJ Dog Dick. This exists, apparently.
One word. Anaconda!
So here's the deal I want to scream I love you from the top of my lungs but I'm afraid that someone else will hear me
i think i make the easiest things seem hard
Haha good riddance
Feels good talking to a girl who wants to know something woman to woman without being accused #POWERTOTHEWOMAN!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
We are extending our yelp deal until Wednesday for all of you hard workers! Happy Labor Day!
U want to do WHAT with that pickle.
DR hit me up he has all the info! Hope you and Dave A are well!
Tonight is the night! at the Jacksonville Landing! FREE Spring Concert Series! Everyone come out! 8pm!
Another Nawfside Sunday @ da Ghetto Park!!!!
I only punch ninjas!
when will you follow me?? I have been waiting for 3 years lol
No, I wish! Are you going?
Sweet dreams twitter. Early night for me
Great things coming up ;)
aww your ann'y celeb'd by guy who thinks dont deserve the same rights as him
you mean like or Homo habilis?
I loved Proof.!!
Does a high pollen count = a safety hazard? It should. You can sure cut a finger off midst all that sneezing. OSHA take note.
Or not...new damage on the bridge.
Thank you, Twitter. The new design allows me to see all of the conversations that I never knew I was having in the first place.
#HoodCerealNames "Flocka Flakes" They're more than good they're FLOCKAAAA!
I've been good. :) Nope, not yet. :P a few months and I can get a new one though :)
Just got some new info on how police-involved shooting went down in Whitehall. Live at 11.
Yeah, leftover pizza.
I frequently have conversations with people that don't have teeth....
Have an interview with the pastafarian nico alm in abt an hr. Any questions I should ask?
yay we actually come up on google now when you search for daily designers.
I would still love to work with you sometime. If you or Cris ever need a hand, pleeeeeeeze let me know:)
Fuck that new girl that you like so bad She’s not crazy like me, I bet you like that
#Cain: "Tax codes don't raise taxes. Politicians do."
#Free photo consultation when you book a session with us
Do I believe in second chances? Hm depends!.
Unbelievable shot!
Yep. The last one was procedural. This one will be on the bill.
thanks! Go bucks!
Call 305.567.5764 and leave your mother’s day shout outs for Sunday’s show. Tell your favorite “I’ll always love my mama story” in 2 min.
lol. I suggest unmm Hey Arnold! Lol that was my fave cartoon back in the day. But aiight I'll have to check it out!
Want to have a less than traditional Cinco de Mayo? Stop in for our ladies night specials this Thursday!
well all my natural hair sisters may be out of this giveaway.
oh yeah so babe listen to the song "scream" by usher umm I made the lyrics for you & usher paid me to buy the song so yeah ;D
min to the ship!
One of these days I'll be appreciated.
Happy Thanksgiving!!
There is no revenge so complete as forgiveness
Thanks to everyone who came to the show tonight! It was a great turnout and we drank enough to make us seem happy/nice! ;)
They took my tribute to Ashley down at work.
I don't suppose there's a twitter app that will lock/freeze your TL in one spot so as not to lose your place as you click links. :-(
listening JB drummer doy ! great and amazing song !
Follow us on twitter
Realm Of The Mad God was fun for 2.5 minutes. I will try for 3 minutes tomorrow.
who do i give the vid to?? omg so confused. lol
nah he just takes what he wants. About time you follow me, I've only been on here for, like, years.
hm.. ill never be what you want -we are the in crowd. (:
None of the 4 Republican senate candidates got an endorsement at state convention today... needed 60% vote. J. Fitzgerald came the closest
oh miss thang. There u are.
nashville public library nashville tn may 27-29 national puppet show free tickets will be given out at 9 am at the downtown branch!
I'm not stupid, I just don't give a fuck about your class
Uuhhhh Is it too early for a rise n grind
i have news for you!!!!!
They stay they wont beef where my burger at
You are so welcome, .
there is soo much shit going on now, i just never get around to it. i always tell myself i will, but i never do </3
TATTOO TIME FUCKERS! and are headed to for some super sexy ink art. We love this guy.
Thanks! Tell me more about you. I have a feeling you'd like several of the brands with which I work.
i added you on facebook !
WHITE FROSTING ON THAT POUNDCAKE MAKE YR DUNCAN HINES IRRELEVANT
Mikey, is he cute? Is he brown? Will he join us for a cocktail? Is he polite? Is he clean? Have him take off his shoes! Don't let him go!
I'm going to have License to Ill on repeat today. One of the best hip hop albums ever.
"We're trying to interrupt the cycle of poverty for our kids." - Sterling Speirn
Knew it. Adele is a beast!!!
Rick James has influenced MC Hammer and Snoop Dogg. Who else can you think of that has a hint of Rick in their art?
haha us like once every 3 months but now we had twice a week
Wishing everyone a happy holiday. Merry Christmas & Happy Kwanzaa!!
it makes your legs shake uncontrollably. it's a weird sensation.
I think John Tortorella would kill in that old SNL game show Whose More Grizzled!
dang! Did you try googling it to see if other brands make it?
Some nights you have no choice but to make yourself a giant chocolate chip pancake.
City orders mold cleanup of three Harborview units-tiny.cc/city-orders-cleanup
#LMSunSIG accessibility: "profit crying in the wilderness"
Would this freakin Illinois St-Creighton game just end already. This is painful.
All~Star game tomorrow at highland springs! to hype!
And I'm wrapped ;-)!
i know!! oh well we will have to try again like everyday till it happens lol
Just remember the lads in green are the good guys!
What kinda entertnmnt u want? What u need 2 do is hire some molly maids 2 clean that room, wasnt u suppose 2 clean it already
Beyondthescoreboard.net The look beastly against the tonight
Need to lose this gut for my holiday x.
Sometimes my mom makes me so mad.
make sure you check out our Bridal Show on May 1st. Grooms and Brides! All are welcome! More info on our Facebook Page!
: a) wild thing rick vaughn, warlock?, b) when's he making a comeback that awesome bastard
yes but it only matters if You are so if your not tell me now so I can tell him
For those for whom wearing yoga pants is the closest they come to exercise, we pray to the Lord.
A video with a message is good. A well created video with a message is the best.
Whatever homo
No one ever catches my subtweets
Picasso peyote Coyote vs Burger King King. An acid trip from 1996
Im sleepy
All my sexy, freaky, mature ladies with sense of humors follow ( 18 & Over ) He blocks UGLY chicks Adult content "Dope tweets"
Oops, I mean #fridayreads The Reliable Wife
“Appreciation is an excellent thing. It makes what is excellent in others belong to us, as well.” -Voltaire
Wishing one of our beloved rescuers Taisia Lukashenko from Russia a very happy 95th birthday! Check our Facebook page for pictures.
Today on on at 9am AJ Foyt from joining us with details about their up coming Golf Classic!
June 15th to da deed r however it's spelled
UN button dat shyt. Unzip dat shyt den I slide my dick all IN dat bitch
Get great deals at over 250 businesses in San Diego with your California VIP Card! Get your card today for only $25! 619.226.1121
Why not have dinner with both of them, and include the Russian Rage?
Words I can never spell right, yet use all the time: restaurants, opportunities, initiatives.
Idk yet how will i know
Good Morning! Gonna take my TAKS/STAAR in an hour. (:
; #nowblastin Lord Knows - Drake feat. Rick Ross <3 <3
Skylar is so amazing as a country singer.. I love it... Love this girl.. #Idol it was over the top
Thanks for all of your resources! Such great stuff!
My friends make Smile <U+263A> my friends made me Strong!
I love my boyfriend !
Clint Eastwood please run for president.
Top scoring Maria Menounos is in jeopardy on DWTS.
Driving back to NorCal, listening to nothing but the only thing keeping me awake
A3: of course Twitter can have an impact but make sure to stay objective. SM is just one channel...still need to c big pic
After a day on set for with and Director , back to work at the Matrix!
probably not :/ if I can get most all my hw done I will fo sho but it looks unlikely
happy birthday
Finally get to face an easy opponent tomorrow. Probably going to drop half-a-hundred.
it's crazy man. Can't believe it is done. It seems weird and freeing and all these other emotions
This is ridiculous. All day my phone acts as if I don't have signal. Resendif texts, can't use my data. What the hell? I'm using WiFi.
you Rock Tommy, F*ck what they have to say, its the fans that count....
HAHAH too funny
DM it to me. I'm on my phone.
Life is about impact
What a wonderful first half of a day here - great folks, wonderful initiatives and well-spoken and engaged students.
If you smell good, that's an
its actually amanda I'm making fun of so...
Eating breakfast at Turleys in Boulder for first time. Very accommodating with my healthy substitution requests.
This weeks science >> If you think ur too big for a small job, then ur to small for a big job!
Matt Holiday has a very punchable face. Smile for once in your life, you aren't tough. #brewers v
As you should be! It's a wonderful event.
Midget wearing a "security" shirt in the library.
I gotta take a nap before
"What the hell is 'coinineeyah'?" -my first question when I got my freshman schedule
You are so welcome.
Be Sure to Follow the Songstress of the Carolinas :)
: they are in the USA in Aspen Colorado :)
I always had a problem wit keepin my hands 2 myself...til I stopped tryin¡
Listening is paying attention, you can hear without listening but you cannot listen without hearing.
I made disgusting egg salad sandwiches today, blah....
One Direction is on my tv again!! Asdfghjkl; I can't control myself :D
yeah WAITING LIST! I'm not on the waiting list lol
Swinging first pitch?
My Cameron OTC shirt is a great conversation starter.
Wildwood like taking a deep trip inside one of The Decemberists' songs.
yo sup girl? Sorry I been MIA.... #whitemamba and his squad look like they're done!
better girl, thanks
I'm and I'm just gonna repeat safe vague sound bytes that I think will get me votes.
Only 2 copies of Robert Caro's new LBJ bio left in the store! Come get one before we have to order more!
Will you marry me and follow me? (;
We're getting close to formally announcing the specific location of THATcamp Columbus. Stay tuned.
already following but will help spread the word!!
TRY LOVING SUM 1, MUCH WORSE, FUCK LOVE
too tired for tv. Or too bored. One or the other.
I hope Boeheim pulls out his wallet to thank the refs for their efforts in today's game against UNC-Ashville.
Rent night
I'm jones'n for some pizza right now hard!
Can't sleep like every night.
“: It's official!!! We have enjoyed a full day and a night of HEAT in Chitown!!” It was fantastical!!!
wise instructor reminds this morning, "you cannot control your body, but you do have a say..." kind of like politics. and life.
Thx 4 sharing! MT : my first LP, Off the Wall by Michael Jackson. When the groove is dead & gone, u know that love survives.
#youknowghettowhen you black and color your hair like storm
cause iknw ican't explain ANYTHING really...especially not history (the worst subject ever), idk bout them though
who doesn't answer their cellphone for days at a time? #FML makes it impossible to get sh!t done
Blessings Everywhere! A Kid Gave Me A Brand New Real Deck Yesterday And I I Recieved Money Today For My Pocket And A Visa Card!
Thought I could run to you for anything. But only thing running is thoughts threw my mind
Just finished a two day safari trip in South Africa and wow! This was an adventure I suggest each of you put on your travel wish list.
There's only 6 more chances to see Utopia and Caucus at the Civic Center-don't miss out!
hey that sounds like a plan. RT : Starting the day off with 6 GALLONS of Salted Oreo. Come get a scoop to-go b4 the game!
Prat here! (RT abuse) Klout has me as an expert on bars!
ECW was best when it was its own entity anyway, in my opinion. I hope things are going and continue to go great for you.
i really wish me and could stop saying #ifeellike Its getting to the point that i say it atleast twice per sentence.
Can't show my videos from the Odd Future show last night to anyone, all you can hear is me rapping...
you'll do fine! Everyone gets nervous the day before something big. It'll go fine! :)
I look forward to more MAA Alumni to post in our FB and let us where they are today. Especially titleholders from decades ago.
Happy Valentine's Day!!!
Can u get a sun tan wearing mesh? Let's findout LOL
My friend started day 6 of her 30 day transformation with an 8lb loss:) That is an average of 1.5lbs per day. Go girl!
LUKIN 4 REFRESHIN TRILL BEATS 4 UR NEW PROJECT N ON A BUDGET NEED SAMPLES DM ME YA EMAIL
Lost and insecure.
not yet. Where would you like to meet?
It's Tuesday!
Its that Springfield basketball at work lmao
Re-reading Edward P. Jones's amazing story, "The Store."
#community - I didn't get Inception. I didn't get Inception!' Oh, it had so many layers /Troy's outburst after the truth serum
I'm so much better at buying books than writing them
hahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahaha..that sucked so much..sorry it happened..but it was pretty funny..put it in one of your films? Lol
Getting a good start on a beautiful day. I'm happy as I can be and am ready to greet birds and bees. I'm happy!
Happy Birthday to me! Where will I travel this year? Maybe a cruise? Maybe Hawaii? So many choices, so little time ==>> www.majkltravel.net
I know right?! I got more tanned though :P haha
Then quit flaunting it all over the office.
no problem girl <3
when ever you ready you got to come check out the knew spot
Ego dresses as the prize.
Looking forward to 's event 'Chicago Conversations' tomorrow w/ , , &
When I stop forcing things to turn out in a certain way or specific time frame, I live an effort free life. Today, I just enjoy the journey.
Really NOLA the Fray? Come on
Did the Burg ride today in a steady drizzle! by way of hilltop, , and ! Very hilly and a great ride!
I Like Draks New Song It Calld Find Your Love It Sounds Good To Me So Go To /Drak It's A New! Video 4 You.....
No one has ever seen God; but if we love one another, God lives in us & God's love is made complete in us. ~1 John 4:12
NP the new ! Purchased 12:00am today. This woman never ceases 2 amaze me! R&B's elite songstress! Would luv 2 write 4 u 1 day!
Hi Julian you welcome
Who is your account rep for your season tix? They can help out.
That awkward moment when you walk into the wrong classroom.
A full day of work followed by a 3 hour drive to the mountains is ahead of me. Someone entertain me!
Those princess bows are too cute!
Checking out the daystage on level 4 at #sxswi. Nothing going on yet. Think it's supposed to be something about customer experience next
what's so amazing about music is that you can feel exactly (or pretty close to) what the person who wrote the music felt, even 200 years ago
I think you should make a spontaneous trip to San Diego. It's only a couple hours away from Los Angeles! Please?
Just got a box of goodies from Disney's Aulani Resort in Hawaii with a beautiful picture and macadamia nuts. Awesome!
Nice to know you hate me
I saw! lol
The "Big Top" goes up Sunday for the big Saz-style Opening Day Blowout! Don't miss this CrAzY party! www.sazs.com
Congrats to on his video! So excited for our brotha!
Central Ohio’s unemployment rate of 6.8 percent was the lowest unemployment rate among the state’s metropolitan areas. (via
Have you seen the new menu boards at our Short North, Bexley, Easton, GV, Lennox, and Clintonville locations? What do you think?
No doubt about it. Thank you. We're working to bring to power of prayer to mobile phones. Please see this: www.birdofprayer.org
lol...yes of course Google played a massive part as well...that's how I found the youtube video
where u be at in columbus
It would of course do less to disguise the fact that the column isn't very interesting. Which is weird, 'cause Foster usually is.
I think this is a new mod you might like its called the queen spider mod, u can befriended bad guys and fight humans !!
are u accepting fans on your facebook account?(:
I don't ever stress what ain't mine.
Do you see any particular elegant fashion style? Looks like we all dress alike.
Ever forget your wallet & wish U could use your cell phone 2 pay for your cup of coffee, rent, or sandwich is what we do...
Can we stop adding gate to the end of scandalous activities? Ive been watching tv for 10 min and Ive already seen Hookergate and cookiegate
Damn actors are messing up the gym flow
I HOPE YOU FOLLOW ;)
Use Somebody on the radio. <3 post concert depression.
Hate seeing the brewers losing to the cubs... We are so much better than them.
Which episodes has she written this season?
I'm pretty sure Jets pizza puts cocaine in their ingredients.
I see us on a beach down in Mexico
I am.
why stop at 6 ?
Physics is going to pwn me tomorrow. And yes, I did just bring back pwn.
RT : Special301: "USA urges Brazil to strengthen pending amendments to its copyright law to better protect IPR..."
when do you all plan on arriving in Hemet?
hey man , i know sometimes you feel like a slave to your parents. i feel you. sometimes you really wish you were 18, huh? /:
Go Sixers! Go Hawks!
I'm responsible? Umm....
John Shiga now on Dolphins, Drugs and Circuitry: Network-Building in Postwar Interspecies Communication.
I am work
left hand brewing company. It's a lighter version of an IPA.
PickUpLine: I'd like to name a multiple orgasm after you.
iMessage, you vex me....
Hey hun, no not yet
I miss our meet-ups!
Realization: I get withdrawal when I don't get to perform for a while. I think I might be becoming a diva.
Brownie odors, not a fan RT : That moment when Blommers Chocolate Factory blows in across all of downtown Chicago.
also, I only like snow when I have no where I have to be an don't have to deal with crazy DC drivers in the snow.
Blame it on the super moon.
Big congratulations, Ed!!! May you not have too many sleepless nights and you have great joy in those you can't avoid.
#Amen RT : #ReasonsToSayAmen - the fact that #ReasonsToSayAmen is trending.
We are all cleaned out today Buggs! see you here tomorrow family stage!
Reimold out on weak grounder down first base line for first O's out of the season.
I just wake up! Don't you have school today?
You're fucking beautiful and I have absolutely no chance with you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
It's no surprise to me I am my own worst enemy.
cmpunk is the best in the world
#bitcheswhowontdateme ones wit untrimmed Va JJ's. It's all good!
Blessed to be in a new tax bracket...time for some upgrades :-)
Just finished the first season of #AmericanHorrorStory :)
That annoying feeling when you’re dying to talk to someone, but you refuse to text them first.
I can't believe I'm saying this but I'm actually watching #Nascar right now and am sort of entertained.
I wouldn't have to manage my anger, if people could learn to manage their stupidity.
If you could name a pair of tennis shoes what would they be called?
"Here's my Blackberry Pin" - things you don't hear often.
RIGHT HERE DOLL! I have a very well seasoned team of talented artists here in #Vegas :)
Happy Resurrection Day! He lives!
I like this whole getting better more energy thing. Hope it lasts!
Makes me loose a little respect for those people!
bs I check twitter every hr
I would watch a league where only the Pats, Packers, Steelers, Giants, Ravens, Texans, Broncos, and Saints. Play each other every WK
Dana, I miss the chemistry that you had with Jay on First Take. You were wonderful on the show, when do u come on TV now?
Open Mic Tonight @ Texas Mist on 183 (Near Callahans & Landing Strip) Look for Blue Neon!
What if I didn't text you but still didn't get a response?
we're gonna be hitting you up son! Lol
Um. Nancy, considering your party-girl ways at #lma12 ... I'll just leave it as a mystery.
RT Is that all?!! : All I want is for to read this tweet./ I know what you mean. Mine too!
#TeamKProd are some bad ass mofos!
where have you been all my life!!! We need to connect!
how can you be bestfriends with someone whom your ex is currently banging....?
It's called a practice and not a perfection.
Bases loaded. Ryan Braun pops up and Moragn tags to win the game. 3-2
DROP BY KIDDO! ;)
#swankpoll - "Release the fish!"
Won another Step tournament on UB. Just a little closer to the WSOP Main Event.
students teach teachers too. So thank you! And and so many others!
This #LEGO Gears of War 3 #Lancer replica is mind-blowing.
that's how I first heard the song!
I just blasted peeps on fb & wanted to comment on CSN! Ahh! I'm so fuming!
Law Librarians - we'll be in Philly! Booth 631 with document and book scanners for archive and records solutions. #AALL11 for info.
Twitter needs a like button. :)
Thanks L'Enfant for a great lunch. See you all next week. Don't forget Trucko de Mayo tomorrow
Hahaha! That's what I'm watching!
UGH.....WHY DOES MY STEPDAD SMACK EVERY TIME HE EATS SOMETHING LIKE HE'S A BABY OR SOMETHING THATS EXTRA ANNOYING!!!...IJS
Just to be on the safe side I'm going to call other aunt-in-law tonight who lives in their city. Presumably she'll know.
oh also, that's after opening his profile by clicking his name. THEN hover his profile pic. def. easier to do in tweetdeck
sounds like a plan
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing it just waved! Haha!
hopefully getting this job at the casino :)
I do
oh I'm watchin wat to do& wat not to do when seeing mindless behavior (by:U)XD
good morning #ROC. 2nd day of Biz Kid$ camp will start shortly at Lake Riley!
is there excel questions on it?
just cause you can do something doesn't mean you should. 3D films are a gimmick. Give me a good plot & character development
Weirdest fan gift?
Ugh..I hate passive agressive people!! it's really to early for her shit!!
Thank god for google. I can't imagine having all these weird questions and not having the internet to find answers.
School time!
I hate going to volleyball but I always love it when I'm there.
I watched that. So sad.
Allergies are so fun! Especially at 5:30 in the morning....
Yooo I love surprises <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Thx, so true : Your true home is in the here and the now. It is not limited by time, space, nationality, or race.
Woah ... Ham explodes in the microwave after being in there on high for 1 minute and 30 seconds !
Great info, networking at Desert Rose Writer's Conference!
yes perhaps :) if you promised to help us unpack a bit.
tired dude! I had to work last night till 11 and then I have to be in school!
#20ThingsAboutMe I ain't one to show when i'm mad but if you're trying to piss me off on purpose, you'll see the side of me you don't want.
Some of us Mormon Zionists follow you just for fun too!
that sounds amazing!! Have fun :-)
Sad that game ended. Now its go vandy and go vcu
hey girl! Im out n about runnin errands.
I miss so much :( Especially their wings
yeah it was on like stars or encore!!! I totally watched it too!! Miss you
haha, poster child!
Doe Someone Wanna Make Me A Naughty Long #Imagine Boutt Me && Carlos?? (;
Happy Birthday !
Lmao omg that made my night!
Will, you're more than welcome to join in. Don't be shy to stay up late tonight so you can ride tomorrow
hows the Penis Thrill Tavern tonight?
you still can be. hes making a #ComeBack soon. life just got really hectic
Herman Cain is the latest negrobot from the neo-Confederate assembly line made from the exhumed body parts of faithful old negro retainers.
Gotta check the schedule tho
whats a good time to get there..do they have snacks?..lol
We own a travel agency, so we are always traveling!
Choose the guy who will take you home to meet his family, not his bedroom.
whats up !! u got out the function ok?
Calling all homies: I'm home Wednesday night. I leave for Spain 10 days after that. Let's make the 10 days count.
Wisconsin Professional Police Association, the largest police union in the state, endorse Tom Barrett
Kentucky fans chant "1 and done! 1 and done!"
So sick of being played . Got to start finding myself some real friends .
Are you measuring a year?
"OVER ACTIVELY PISSED THE FUCC OFF"
Every time I watch Ace of Cakes I want to give up web design and enroll in culinary art school. Making those bad-ass cakes looks so fun!
i feel u on dhat.....im happy i live on dha side i live on now
RIP MCA. great rapper and pioneer of music
Lol I just had to!
We Love You Jasmine!!! :)
ALL the words first? I usually start w/ a fewof phrases that I have to bendto fit whatever music I come up with... CC
Just won my first college track meet
all its need is a big hadoop mascot on top of the building :)
"You wanna get high?"
Awesome! We will have to add it to the list.
#TastmakersKS I am looking interns in the LA area office. DM me 4 info. Looking 4 Social media, Programming, Marketing, Graphic Design.
We're having a severe coffee shortage in the office today. SEND HELP.
Tiger Woods has vaulted into contention at the Dubai Desert Classic, as he managed to squeeze out an even-par 72 in windy conditions.
okay holmes
yeah well your dog "blanks" the stick...
Hey book nerds. My client is one of the wittiest chicks I know. Two words: Jesus. Bobblehead. Check her out:
i dont know if you remeber but please follow
Over the years as I've improved my diet, I've lost cravings for bad foods. I think I've lost my taste for chocolate now. That's a good thing
come see me @ the taste this saturday at 10pm 6331 s lowe in (chicago, il) i have to tell you something in person!!!
I love when the Rangers wear their red jerseys. AND when CJ pitches. AND when they play Boston! What a good day
Hi Mary, I would like to share how you can benefit from Kanjoya's emotional tool to better understand your audience. Follow 2 DM?
thanks so much, andria!
i said white!!
y, traffic isn't too bad yet, come get in on some of the revelry
"My Klout score is 75 - Kim Kardashian is my friend on Facebook"..Klout's clearly wrong, that should obv reduce your score ; )
#industry night tonight- stop by for $5 wine, $5well drinks, $5whisky, $2 PBR, and $3 flatbreads. Finally, Monday is worth while
This stupid girl next to me at this restaurant is annoying the fuck out of me...
i'm busy, avengers you'll have to wait
Coach Spaz should have went for TD. If we missed, new QB would have been stuck at 1 yard line.
They don't seem to have openers listed yet. It's worthy of noting that presales are $45 tho!!! :-O
I love me some but the yoga portion is a little boring :/ I'm so add!
Liberated 5 clueless but beautiful butterflies who were trapped against glass wall at #WMATA station. Hoping they didn't fly right back in.
Using my voice. Awesome.
Did you have a filter on that or are those the real colors? Beautiful!
Nurture YOUR Nature.
CAI once again urges US Health and Human Services Dept to issue new rules re disclosure of #ChildAbuse fatalities promptly.
Thankful For You
I did cry. Lol
back at work. They had the heat off all week, so it is super cold in here! Wearing the coat and scarf. Wish I'd brought gloves. :(
when are we going to lady?
Which TPC did you play?
I agree about the "grassy" flavor from others. This is light and refreshing :) where do you find that?
Be safe everyone
As they looked out the window to the deserted new year, they knew at that moment nothing would be the same.
PLEASE DON'T your family is trash
depending on what time we get out, if it's 5 I'm not going
This two ton gal is resourceful and a survivor!
It will be hot ass hell if both LA teams make it to the conference finals
hey justin
we want u more! Thanks! “: we want u @ 12th & independence!!!”
Attn: Radio, Whisper by @ TheChrisMcLeod is coming your way in May
Fathers day weekend, if you do not already have the children, be on time, 6PM Friday at non custodial parents residence to pick up kids.
Bremerton entrepreneurs expand portfolio with Harvey's purchase - Kitsap Peninsula Business Journal
Didn't make it to class this morning? That's okay, we have mat pilates at 4:30pm & beginner yoga at 6pm
Cher hates Scott Walker. Gays, we have our orders.
whenever im hungover all i want is an endless supply of HiC Orange and shrimp from Red Lobster :( why isnt this happening
Tell Evan he needs to watch his voice level - use your inside voice Evan.
It's so beautiful out today, thank you Jesus for sun. <U+2600>
Well, its 12 noon. The only thing that ended was my waba bowl... earth is still intact
That's funny
Bout to cuddle up in my bed with my popcorns. Order The Vow on Directv Cinema and relax! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
yes! Thank you. Was searching for it or something like it forever today.
Getting my rain gear together for an outdoor shoot... Anyone want to come hold an umbrella for me today??
#JayZSyncShow This is sick! More shows need to do this!
interested to know what Babson students are thinking re: social media. are these ideas posted on some website?
Only 5 hours left to receive 20% off your order! Use the coupon code MEMO in your shopping cart.
Yah- it lasted a good 10 seconds. All the windows shook. I just froze. Haha so not earthquake prepared!!
The pressure is all on NE. 0-2 last two home playoff games in the last two years. Remember NYG-NE rematch in '08?
Red Wings blew it big time tonight. C'Est la vie playoff streak. Better luck next year.
The ability for a company to be nimble and responsive in this economy is absolutely critical.
Just had a war eagle moment in Houston at the recycling center! #aualum #lovebeingauburngrad!
I need a 'rillo
Health Benefits of White Fruits &amp; Vegetables
Hey if you don't like face, screw it.
I felt that way about a jar of salsa last week.
I haven't been online for a while, sorry.
Glad I'm not alone lol
Safe travels mister! =D
kinda sucked but we're good with it, and now I have a reason to visit Shanghai. :-)
#19 I DESPISE math. I hate it with a passion. Can't do it for my life.
Thats where u and I differ because I would not put what he likes about my body above what I love or don't love
#WhenAustin smiles with his teeth :)
They're just over excited about being relevant again. They did the same thing when they beat UK in Dec. 1987=forever
WE HAVE ALL THE MARCH MADNESS YOU COULD EVER WANT ON OVER 70 HD SCREENS.
It's a shame for #Flyers fans that they treat playing the #pens as their
Please pray for the physically, sexually, and emotionally abused to find healing in Jesus!!!
whoooooow! I'll be rooting for your team!!! Good luck! :)
Dr. Pepper > Dr. Thunder > Piss > Dr. Topper
No problem (:
rocked it this morning! Great insight on how to get connected.
First Ignite video out on YouTube channel featuring Max
what about sex. what about telling me to fuck off. Your amazing and beautiful and hes not nice.
When She Was Just A Girl... She Expected The World
Good morning #ABQ!! How is everyone doing today?
“: Ready for the iPhone 5”
and the Terps. Did a ton of drinking that day.
Scherzer's no-no is broken up after 6 with a bloop single by R. Cano. 4-0 DET over NYY.
WE NEED TO GET ON OUR SHIT, DONT YOU THINK?
bike helmets in the freezer= bad idea....oops
Hope the snow doesn't make my evening Cincy roadtrip a nightmare....
in a state of relaxation and anticipation
Excellent start to the game #Mavs...oh wait
not the famous ice cream from the dorms haha classic
Mom Muslim,auntie christian ,cousin Catholic,friend Jewish..they all said L,A we going pray for u..I feel good
30 year?! You've been holding out on me....
RT : Jamming w/u on iPhone app.
its just the right amount
Central waters beer dinner this evening. Quail bratwurst, softshell crab, confit pork belly. Seats available. $60. 5 courses.
: forgot to ask you for blogger's pick and Daniel's pick for May. I know, a bit slow this month!
Clearly an early adopt of journalism in a diversified info stream - world needs more meaning not more data
that fuck yeah moment when you helped a college friend do their homework
I wish that all of the #Kardashians would go away.
I'm riding on last minute cramming, pure luck, and prayer for this AP test tmrw.
Do you think college students should be allowed to conceal and carry on campus? Some states allow it. Oklahoma does not.
Though the #Mariners occasionally hit the ball with bat, the baserunner does not move.
So great to see at Barclays International Women's Day. Awesome panel.
Soo me and decided to name our boobs. Mine: Gabriel & Gabriella. Hers: Alexander & Alexandra xDD
miss you.
Bet Mr Rogers is pissed. RT Kim Kardashian Goes to Washington
Make it rain!!
Taking the son to for his birthday dinner tonight. Looking forward to shrimp tacos and a cold one!
Pierre Gonnord will be at Hasted Kraeutler from 1-6 p.m. Visit Hasted Kraeutler today and learn more about the work from the artist.
that show is so addictive it's great!
thanks for sharing "Kristofferson" tonight at Mike's, and listening to one of my songs! Great to hear your experience.
this dude don't know real bars. He like to see niggas dancing on stage. He won't say I won a battle 2 save his life
I'm glad someone else has said it, I have been saying for years the G-men need the throwback 1986 uni for their alternate jersey. Not Red!
Smoke a pound!
because gay
what a low life. lol make fake accounts.
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
George Lucas is like a middle aged man wearing his letterman jacket to pick up chicks.
Even dykes say Hey!! So chow down on Chik-fil-A!!
Ur buyin the first round of Starbucks.
cool. I got a baby sleeping, I'll tweet you when I'm inbound to make sure you are still there.
If I awake tomorrow, I will have something to say.
Pls fund the Library Services & Technology Act at $184.7M & Innovative Approaches to Literacy Act at $28.6M
See why Library Bookwatch calls "Scientific Publishing"- "...an invaluable addition to personal, professional, academic...collections."
I just love Lunch time Traffic...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
is putting together our Thanksgiving shopping list...David is coordinating it from Indy. I better go get some wine. :-)
Think about this in terms of your practices. "Most things make no difference. Being busy is a form of mental laziness." - °Tim Ferriss
RT : Join us at 1:30 PM MST for Designing Holograms as Learning Spaces in Virtual Worlds #2012TCC Worldwide Online Conference
#YouGetPointsIf you like me for who I am and don't try to change me into something I'm not
He just turned 17, and he has Nialls face (yes, he looks like Niall), he had Harrys height, and Liams voice and hair (but blonde)... I died!
New ISO HASH OIL $5 Dabs are now available at Tea Pot!! We also have ISO by the gram so stop by today to see what else is new! We'll see ya!
THE THINGS PEOPLE DO!!
LOL "Oh you wear sunglasses inside? It must be sunny on planet cool."
On way to a murder mystery tonight..hope I'm not part of the show!
Today is the official release date of the Someone Like Me audiobook! I listened to it for the first time last night and it is amazing!
I was surprised by the selection of SK+G. I think the "trash can" could have gone viral too...
So what do you write?
aye if you guys have a PS3 then you guys should add mii @ the rocker or gamechoo
I can also. ;-) Just sayin.
& now I can follow which is good; he's on Curtis's thesis committee & following him might be good writing karma.
NO OMG GIMME SOME
Tomorrow is National Boss Day and Sweetest Day. Wouldn't your boss or sweetie love some chicken?!
damn straight! ha ill be releasing it soon. ill let you know :) what kind of music do you like?
This thursday 8-12p door only$5 at door ,$10 vip happy hour til 9p live music from . We support local music!!!
Each age has deemed the new-born year
Re: Galapagos -- Yikes. Keep us posted,
Brain Hacking gets my vote for most entertaining presentation at #hcfla, but not the most belieavable one :-)
: yea sound cool with me// k
Excited for my ebook! How to enjoy food at your lowest natural weight. The AMAZING doing the template. YAY!
Preparing for my Big Gay American RoadTrip! #Roadtrip From LAX to BUF..
No app this year, just an awesome mobile version of our website!
#SDSU: Follow for live updates on the #ASDebates today
thanks man lol!
ive be planking all day!
Even w/ his baggage, Romney's new spokesman can't do worse than his wife Anne telling Phila audience women don't deserve = pay.
can I decide to skip my afternoon job???
#FrozenStrawberryLemonade sound good to me
Great rehearsal tonight for with and - come see us tomorrow nt!!! 8 pm :)
Your Twitter bg just SLAYED me. Too good. Well played.
haha i did the saME exact thing this morning...
yea thanks i appreciate it. changed it up. locking it up like fort knox.
cool, I'm a lover not a fighter :)
Crrrraaaappppp. Left my food at home :(
sorry Niki! let me know some time frames and I'll try my best to be there ;)!
I'VE SEEN THIS MOVIE BEFORE RT : A Delta Airlines flight at Midway is under quarantine. Following for updates.
It's a lot easier to root for the Red Sox if you don't pay attention to anything but the games. Not the owners, media, manager or players.
ha glad im not the only one, the guy told me to expect a call tonight
thats not that bad compared to my tests I did today!!(:
what books/study materials do you recommend to get started in trading?
MT It's Children's Book Week & we're pondering: What's the best children's book of all time? Share & we'll RT our favorite responses.
I really dislike backstabbers.
you're right, although Thai Me Up is actually a funny Thai pun. Didn't go in. Might be an Indian place?
is gone again :(
"The bed is awesome, the view spectacular, and we love how you combined the old with the new to make a comfortable and eclectic suite."
#firstdayofsummer and #MarkStuartDance is getting prepared for !
No matter how much I love someone, I'll never let them walk over me.
we'd be happy to e-mail you over some info on Fleapay! Its a very simple system and could be perfect for some projects!
Congrats to Newport News , VA Schools! Can't wait to join the tours!
The phone # is 877 677-4333. But I would like to send two books for free as a thank you and help on your spiritual journey.
Happy to do so. Try to make it out Thursday night. It should be crazy. It's a disco party in a gentlemens club. Think about it
hacked by the lovely princess Kat :*
'Paranormal Activity 2' takes the lead in box office with an est. $20.1 mil on Friday.
“ I instantly get lazy when its time to study”
You and Genuwine were played at EVERY hairshow in Chicago in the 90's!! Lord....
ok Kool! Text Me when! :p
how did I miss your follow?! sorry about that! so nice to see you on twitter. how's it going? :)
Yeah, I found that out as well. I think it's a combination. Day is good, just getting off work. How's your day?
Is Nag Champa really supposed to be an aphrodisiac or does it only work on hippies?
Beyond exhausted
WHORE! Oops, sorry. I forgot, you don't get paid... SLUT!!
I am proud to know you
ugh i just started singing and my mom already texted me to shut up -__-
Aww, thanks Dan!
Drain deep fried foods on brown paper grocery bags as opposed to paper towels to retain crispness.
LOL RT : only player for miami looking good tonight is chris bosh.
OMG, what does she say? "I relate to this character so much!"
Usher - so close, don't stop RT : Who sings that so "there's no stopping us right now, I feel so close to u right now
Looking forward to seeing you! And hearing ALL about the race!
where are u from beautiful??
Glad to hear mom was happy yesterday! :D
Let me get a shoutout ??? :1
where are these classes? i want in!
too much work... not enough play... I am having to write songs in my head for the next week... sounds pretty cool up there though!
Day 8 on my HCG diet & I've lost 7 pounds at a stand still, Craving chocolate so bad while I sit here & do a few custom orders:)
hehe me too :D
Catch Me On The Block Or Ah Hood Near You
Have an awesome day yourself!
...Just realized I'm about to ride a brown bike with a white seat through foggy public deer hunting land...
Notice me :(
Keep making it happen... Enjoy the flight to Edmonton...
Dale Hunter fired as Caps coach? This is why they'll never win a cup
I just moved next door to HSE & I look forward to watching this season play basketball
Passing through Perry, GA. I wonder if is around for a drink.
Stop by our booth #904 and learn more about the new PBS series Great #Libraries of the World!
Just saw a surgeon in the cafe with an Elvis lunchbox.
Our problems are scaling at a faster pace than our ability to solve them. Scale of change has CHANGED
okay, makes sense. And okay, I'll answer myself then hahah
Come hear Matthew Schruers of the Georgetown Law School speak on Intellectual Property this evening in Car Barn 311!
Queen Victoria is coming to the museum on Saturday to have tea with our visitors. Anyone else want to join us? 317-636-5409
Hope I didn't mess up by texting back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Over it!
That was almost you had mom not pulled the plug on the vist! Awesome story!
Brushing up my #SFIV skills in preparation for #SFxTekken in March. Linking still good. Struggled with Guy's #23 challenge. Need practice.
oh! yeah, did you photograph them?
That ride was good
Headed to a librarian meetup at skinny's still 8, will go wherever after. Let me know where you're headed.
Join us at Jovitas on Wed and Swan Dive on Friday.
aww. Well I hope it's ok! <3
Yuppity puppity. It was very beautiful. Opened for Frankie Rose. PS: I miss BAR.
True story: My mom wore her ocarina necklace to work and a coworker asked what it was. My mom told her, "It's an ocarina, it plays music".
Bingo. RT : Gun show? Dude. Manual buzzer, where art thou? That wasn't even Hackoff material.
potlucks @ work r always fun, irritating when u see the people that didnt bring shit eating up everything, more then the people that did!lol
Dance Craze, right?
Thanks to my customers at GreenFlea Market yesterday!..Best seller: Mango/Tamarind, and the new Peanut/Kale sauce!..Have a Great week,LUV:)!
There was the name VINNY FUSCO in closing credits of something , i IMMEDIATELY thought of MINNY . <U+2665> #TheICONicThings -
Dayummn. When you want to say it to that person. But you're afraid of the way she feels ain't the same.
The World Health Organization went on high alert, dispatching top experts to the United States and Mexico
rehearsal started at 6!! Get your ass down here!!!
Lets go then!RT : nah ur a scared little pussy!
so much for a big inning
<U+2642>Things That Men Say: You are a fighter, except you're real cute...
First game of the tournament and there is already madness! Haha this is going to be a grey tournament.
Join me now at Brewers Game Chat #brewers #brewtownsports (link) via
'yo mr. jobs you see ima mac, but im rollin deep like adele'
who the f is that? hahaha
Just got home from the taping of Had an awesome time there! did a WONDERFUL job rockin' her new song 'Pretty' :)
Chilling with my girls (:
Who is Mary Poppins?
Well it's late IDK WHAT I AM GONNA DO TOMORROW I GUESS MAKE SOME MORE YOUTUBE VIDEOS ARE MAYBE DOWNLOAD ALOT OF SONGS IDK
Girl yes! #blessed QT : Me & can talk about anything man... #True friend
alaways tweeting what's happening
hehe, you're welcome. ;)
Yummy! RT : The kids got me some amazing cookbooks & the first recipe I flip to is Chocolate Irish Cream Cheesecake. trouble...
What you weren't totally wrong about is just how tasty this Kool-Aid is.
Happy Sunday somaphonites. Stay warm from the weather. BUT Stay cool with your very own Somaphony shirt! www.somaphony.com
Wow!!! Sorry!!“: said he introduced u and rhea...known brad since his oakleys on tball field”
"The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort & convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge & c ...
We have some interesting ideas about bringing you music!
Absolutely not because you already look cool without it.
if u had time to tweet about it, its not that urgent. Please stop blowing things out of proportion.
You're very welcome!
good busy you?
I can't settle my mind...
When nothing goes right,
and where might his tie have gone?
Bye, OR7. reports 1st gray wolf in CA in nearly 90 years headed back into Oregon yesterday.
Such a beautiful day <U+2600>
Come check out DFTO's next show in on Saturday 9/24 in Manchester, NH - Its gonna be phenomenal!
Just a p.s.....ARILLEN-BLAYLOCK will one day be a household name. You heard it here first!!
city vs u
Phew, I'm not the only geek.
I go to both. But I'm not going to just go because everyone else is going. You have to go because you LOVE the music.
FILM! zeitgeist: FILM! zeitgeist: FILM!
I don't understand why people lower their expectations after they're dumped. They should raise them, if anything.
How do I create a landing pages that earn the most amount of money?
Checked your e-mail recently?
I suppose it does. I use "reaper" in the bar before that one, tho. Freudian Slip? What's that?
Johan #Galtung was interviewed on a few days ago, Amy #Goodman is pleased to get to see him face to face today!
Um, what the heck was that on Fox 6 just now? Wrestling? Fighting Birds? All of the above? Total awesomeness! Cinco de mondo Lucha!
I just got major case of mullet envy. It just flowed so beautifully in the wind.
Hey girl, thank you so much! That just brightened my evening :) You ROCK!! What's new in your world?
gett so high i mean so high got all bad bitches around me
hey Madison! How r u in LA? Hope ur having fun! I<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>u
I FOLOWED ...Please Follow me or else I Will Set Fire to the rain lol Jk Love u Adele <3
I'm about to read some of 's book How to Get Out of Your Own Way. There's a lot of wisdom in here.
Glad to know we get to spend the last hour doing stupid shit just because you want to.
Never cheat on a woman that holds you down when no one else does.
Looking forward to Explaining The Myths and Misperceptions of Online Course Evaluation. Washington Lecture Hall, tomorrow at 1:45
Have fun!
Had a blast with at the Literacy Love Poetry Performance at the Kennedy Center tonight. Great job scholars!
follow back please???
Our #muppetoscars dream has failed. Oh well, maybe they can host the Tony's.
You lucky I love you.
ohmy goodness. You gained 20 followers in one day?!
Thanks for helping promote our project! Hope your students love it :)
My fridge is so bare. Time to hit up the store.
this is perfect
"purpose aforethought"...I always loved that phrase. It can be applied in many areas, not just the law.
Oops...thanks
Ah, good to know! I'll try calling today and see if they could help.
Dont go down,the slide backwards dumb bitch
Great catching up with you and tonight Hope to see you guys again during #SDBW. Cheers!
I don't mean to always be a bitch, I mean everything in the best way possible.
10 Points Define A Good Restuarant Website: 6. Share your accreditation.
Seeking experienced Cataloger for immediate long-term opportunity in San Diego, CA! Millenium experience required!
Back to back threes pull #Badgers within 1. 48-47
- ex: w/o helmet & street clothes = "novice" - cars avoid by 4+ ft.; w/helmet & cycling kit = "expert" - cars avoid by <6".
Its on USA network!!
ehh I don't know how to feel.
From #CNN Atlanta Fire Department is at the scene of Tyler Perry Studios for a 3-alarm fire
Black People Soo Slow.
Hello to my new followers! <U+2665>
What your affiliation with one Luis Daniel Rodriguez?
I DO like gooey! I will have to try that trick!
the only problem with your statement is that there must be a prior knowledge to learn from. You cant start a fire without a spark
They got a solid dude ... a real Champ. Congrats!
its totally true
I just now got officially put in the system! I should have shifts starting next week. And feel free to call me in!
Thanks Anthony
Lehigh, could it be? Hope so!
damn that sucks I usually drive to the place to pick my stuff up
no this girl did not do an OOTD on top of a toilet
#roadron #sportingkc It appears that way on TV. I love the Cauldron
It is on NOW!!!! The KCA's I mean.
it's the afternoon lil head
If likes fangirls, then he'll love .e forever <3 (:
Congrats to on , and good luck in the opener tomorrow!
Eddy Curry back?
"In the time we have it is surely our duty to do all the good we can to all the people we can in all the ways we can."
and also being with athletes when they do what they normally do in a locker room #yougotme?
So glad to finally have cable after two weeks, now I can get back into the loop with
and in a bout that could be the main event on anyone else's card, 10-1 Ramon Valadez vs. 6-0 Kevin Hoskins.Tickets priced at $50
That's mesmerizing. Good find!
The 90's called and I told them I want them back.
put up the pink tinsel christmas tree today!
you right, you right.
Thanks for following ! Looking forward to tweeting!
Do you know any legal way this #Varepublicans ultrasound bill signed by mcdonnell can be overturned? Like, constitutionally?
Help me out. Was Mo, Larry or Curly? Over 6' or under 6' tall? Shaved head?
#elifocus Chuck Dzubian says "analytics is a way of thinking"
All right! Can you ask a number of people (the same people who follow you) to follow me, please? Thanks
Don't forget to stop by Alumni Hall for the Basketball Viewing Party as the men's team takes on NC State in the ACC Tournament today at 2pm.
Sending a fellow artist some love and support to your feed!
. It was wonderful spending THE UNSEEN GUEST #bookbday with you, Lizzie! And with my new BFFs at Great day!
At the airport in United Kingdom !
200 followers reached
earing killing it out there....almost time RIO....i got a big surprise tonight.
Images with max-width: 100% that are well above the device resolution already display with a higher pixel density?
it's also OU/Tex weekend. Trying very hard to decide which to do...we already have tix to MM! Arrrgh!
#HermanCain on #DailyShow faux #InsideTheActorsStudio -- is this really happening?! Is this real?! What?! How?!
Any tweeps graduating and looking to move to Houston? I may have a job lead for you! DM me for details.
Also, I had a weird dream that Bruce Springsteen gave me his hat, and I gave it to you because you really wanted it.
I just watched the newest episode of Ellen and was so excited to see your cheery face on the television screen Hugs :)
Thank you!!
": A grandson!!" Congrats! That's wonderful!!!
missed #blendedlibrarian webcast due to miscalculation in the time change, hope it will be archived for viewing!
one of the best players in the league ... Period
Interviewing students for Hillel service learning trip. So inspiring to hear their commitment to social justice.
Laboratory Dance Project from South Korea making West Coast debut tomorrow through Saturday @ Lincoln Performance Hall. Tickets starts @ $20
Get ready! In 7 minutes I will be giving away Kelly's CD Stronger and a chance for the grand prize! Know this word "Funday"!
Some relationships are like Tom & Jerry. They tease eachother, knock down eachother, irritate eachother, but can't live without eachother.
i got back yesterday
Thanks for the mention and your coverage The survivor you interviewed was given voice thru the story.
Ben has been up since a little after 4:30am.... :/ at least he is ready for
It's sorta been mixed reaction but I'll tell ya, he's losing the fanbase and the clubhouse fast.
Walking around looking for your phone when it's in your hand.
Thanks Selena, When you visit back in Pittsburgh have to buy you a cookie and a coffee @ Lili to catch up.
Still don't like the 17 3s LA shot. But let's finish it up Tuesday at Staples!!!
Hats off to the - the team won their first game ever 50 years ago today, beating the Pirates 9-1 :)
George Lindsey, who played Goober Pyle on the Andy Griffith show and Mayberry RFD passed away Sunday. A good man who will be missed.
Ken Burns: The Tenth Innings is on PBS. There is nothing better in sports than a David Ortiz walk-off homer helmet flip.
Greg Jennings: " . . . if he (Favre) shows up in that purple jersey, then he's the enemy now."
RT Let Bill Boy Cutz Big Up Ur Marketing & Maximize Exposure Hit w/ Email 4 Packages | Major Buzz GUARANTEED
Last time I checked, the current Heavyweight Champ(s) and most of the top contenders are white.
Okay! You're welcome. Happy I can do something to help!(:
Rad times were had for sure. RT an exclnt party time was had by this one!
Forecast for Tonight: Isolated thunderstorms this evening. Showers. Lows in the lower 60s. Southeast winds around 10...
congrats and welcome to an amazing school!
lol you cheated!
Happy Mothers Day to all the single.mothers out there doing da Damn thang
upcoming Aria & Siri bridal trunk show!!! Feb 10-12. Book your appointments now!
the fuck you trying to say?
This Frosty hit the spot!
Hey guys
I learned great messages today
RT : Inspiration Thursday: Live for what tomorrow will bring you, not for what yesterday has taken from you.
had a few drinks after busting the main then jumped into a 25/25/50 PLO game. sit down as is leaving; obv lose 3way $1500 flip..
cant believe a boy from the school round the corner from me have became close and i just found out he like Austin Mahone, omg! im happy!!!!!
Big Bowl is doing #local #organic #sustainable ! They walk the walk.
There's just no way Albert Pujols can be this bad all year long unless he's hiding an injury.
right, funny part is I said what I meant and I meant what I said. This city really make me wanna turn cold (the old me) again
Over 1000 followers on twitter now! Thanks everyone.
It's funny you say you like "to party" how many parties have you actually been to or even got invited to.
Hey, me too!
They're moving it? Oh no.
this is it.. i finally decided im doing my online 2012 x factor audition. <3
If you like playing with a kitten and a string, you should try a dollar bill and a crack whore! Hours of fun!
Just saved a client $184,000 out of 2.3mil by changing simple material and design items to be more efficient! Now they can build more!
Wtf Is Coach Problem, Puttin Slow MF in My Heat Knowin I'm Fast AF!
Out for lunch with my mommy(:
If you write this one, recommend Berkeley Square for Downton Abbey moms.
That heart attack moment wen ur mom borrows ur phone "what if she opens my inbox ,my photos , my EVERYTHING"!!
Ctrl by Janet Jackson
Thanks for retweeting!
Ground and pound....ha ha
jim is giving me a quiz on typography terms.
We had another great day
Shouldn't be surprised. Feel sorry for the good people of Ward 8 that are stuck with him.
Guess I'll get up and put on some clothes!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Yes, the "courage" it takes for public officials is to discriminate & retaliate Autistic disabled who request accommodations
Thanks for following us! Have a great weekend!
RT : When will your Administration reverse its irresponsible approach to domestic energy production?
Thanks for #FF, ! I'm ALWAYS missing my San Diego PR ladies!
Just discovered Josh Rouse- great musician. Check out 'El Turista'- written after he spent half a decade in Spain
RT : #CEO carrier panel partner w value based #3pl, see decent #shipping volumes continuing through 2012.
WTH is 0400 ??? What's it for?
BTW if you weren't at last night to catch you missed out! don't be such a slacker next time ;)
play off tickets I Want
Thank you very much!
wahhhhh today is the longest day EVER.
The parade was a huge success this year thanks to all of you. Thank yous, photos and responses to tweets to come after my wrap up meeting!
You can't wear coral.
If you comment on that bmore QB, the terrorists have won..
RT : Ya'll Pay Win, We Play To Win mixtape/viral album coming. This will have to be on iTunes Homie
Marry me ?
I'll watch for it.
I wish I could roll with you in a chopper to meet him that would be awesome
It was the second consecutive month that new defaults rose.
So Christie is having a press conference to announce he is not running.. haven't we already heard that a few times before?
Modesty is the artifice of actors, similar to passion in call girls. ~ Jackie Gleason
guessed! :) me too! im in the process of recording my own song! :)
Just filmed our opening duet monologue of Rip Tide for Bay News 9! Look out for and I on your tv screens for the next few weeks!
#FirstDateRules Brush yo' damn teeth AND tongue!
I Told Her Play Her Role & Turn The Moment 2 A Movie/Premiere Party/ I Fuck Her Then I Watch Her Do Me<<<That Give A Bitch Wings
RT : Sure sounds like Cards have picked up a new cornerback. MT : O yeah by the way I'm #Birdgang now west coast
Well well he's truly looking out for me, we got off the time the bus was leaving and guess it was late. Weekend back on schedule
well that mcdonalds was good
Professional tip: don't open that link to an news story during committee if it says "AP VIDEO" and your sound is on.
Tendra cojones the people at #aha2012 to reverse their proposed 30 delay for patients to have access to their health record?
The Fringe one is cool, and I love the IT Crowd opening...fits the show perfectly!
in #NYC till Thursday!
Chestnut brown from black
F-!! LOL .. Wish I could put make that bold. <U+E404>
Give me the 1000th tweet, I don't have any followers!
When I thought that I'd finally found a decent stylist at Hair Cuttery, they tell me he no longer works there. Poo.
link not working
Very cool Imagine this a the mall... Interactive kiosk/digital displays for advertising campaigns
: Lmaaaao me &&d my friend aint did shxt to you &&d IDK!
Act like a lady think like a boss
I LOVE THAT SONG
Travel safe ma! Hit me up when you land. I'm coming to LA on the 19th.
Don't forget to sign up today for tomorrow's West End Streak! $5 per person Urban Adventure Race and the first team finished wins $300
I'm on a caffeine crash. Still 3hrs of work, and I'm pulling an all nighter.
I want to start a yoga class
that works! I'll see ya then.
The Super Mystery Jackpot Sond Contest jackpot that can be won if you sing the right song on Tuesday night is $80 !
wow....you must have done something bad in a previous life...
If you are interested in serving during the Easter weekend , please let me know. We NEED you!
um most likely :/ lol you'll be there !! Right
well you have the degree eval (detailed view) to go by if u need help.
thanks and have a great weekend sweetie
Grapefruit is good.
what up ma????...thanku and happy friday 2 u well....
A wise person profits by his mistakes. <U+8CE2><U+3044><U+4EBA><U+306F><U+3053><U+308D><U+3093><U+3067><U+3082><U+305F><U+3060><U+3067><U+306F><U+8D77><U+304D><U+306A><U+3044><U+3002>
Thanks. Your agents showed that the daytime flights betw San Diego and Boston come back on June 21. Must be seasonal!
: what happened?what did I miss? why are you talking about ethics and loopholes? Is this a clue or a problem?
The beauty of a steady practice (Bikram) is that every day is a new day. Let go of the bad days, be present & have faith and patience.
I feel 10000000x better after talking to becca though
Always! Thanks for reading the blog! :) Enjoy your special day!
We're @ St. Francis Hospital w/ Dr. Stern talking about sinus & allergy health!
ever since the Weber BS everyone think they can get away with murder and will only have to pay $2500 for it.
Congrats Nicole!
Talked on the phone till 2 :* got only a lil bit of sleep , nowww school...
Ah, thank you! It's definitely a hard lesson to learn.
get ready to come check us out only
So yeah has a fetish with braces, I still gotta a chance (y)
let me know when you can come back in.
uh, I hope so. Otherwise there will need to be a lot of explaining to do. ;)
haha so you want to be an alcoholic. It is no easy task. Besta luck to ya
I've probably typed this messaged out at least a hundred times.
Please everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it ==> FOLLOWW @ LEiLA_SWAG_ (( SOUTHOUT )) PLEASE GO EVERYONE;
bring back Cheers
Is Joakim Noah the only player in the NBA whose charity is art? You gotta love him for that.
GO PACK GO
We discover the Beauty of Simplicity when We give up the need to explain the Mystery & simply EnJOY it.
Next time we will make it all work out. I go to Disney in July. “: I wanna see ! :(”
in a flash
Happy for my bro living the dream
is my morning playlist...this is how I get ready EVERY morning. you sexy beast!! <3 ;)
I'm way outta your league.
i know!!! We need to get John to do it!!
I just popped a zit on my liver.
I disagree the cupcakes. Airlines are you charging more money for customers that are too large. Americans are too fat
I'm slackin today. I need to get motivated
well thats nice, ignore me for 6 months..
Ouch! RT My "Germans-Pearl Harbor" Animal House reference went over the heads of many who emailed-tweeted for a correction.
Thanks everyone for coming to our party today!
Spider studios this weekend!
Just got great news!!!! Thank you Jesus!
Oh good! ;o)....hopefully their forecasts offer more sunshine & warmer temps...let me know if I can help out. ;o) ~JR
I gotta run a few errands after work but I really just wanna go home & cook dinner.
Mhmmm. It's okay until we're taking a nose dive for the water! Maybe I can drive or take a boat.
Happy Friday to all! I hope you have a great day and weekend planned!
Studying a menu.
Then off to the library to finish my computer final project!!
PACKERSWAVE!!KEEPTHE WAVE GOING GO PACK GO!!!L-E-T-S GOPACKERS!LET'SGOL-E-T-SGOPACKERS!L-E-T-S-GOGO PACK GOPACKERSWAVE:KEEPTHEWAVEGOING!!!!
Money Dont Fall In Yo Hands You Gotta Know How To Make It!
dude, thanks! We will look into it or sure! Got some stuff brewing!
Check out the balance bracelets at http;//www.BeBalancedEnergy.com. Combine negative ions and holograms. Unique!
Cooling in class w; Jass
I was having a theatre overload.. hehe
“: , bcuz I have no one to talk to!
"I don't know much about algebra, but I know one plus one equals two And it's me and you, thats all we'll have when the world is thru"
Thanks for following. My research interests are in #culturalcompetence in the workplace. I now look forward to your Tweets!
Nice depending upon size of audience. “: #shehechat A3: old school, foamcore boards.”
What have yinz picked up on ?
Learning about someone's past and feeling extremely inferior. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
This weather is weird! Mmhhhh what a summer!!
My pilot script is out to it's first person in the biz!
Magical, you and I.
Langers #19 is the best sandwich in the world
Happy to be of service.
Video: Thome, Contreras play in intrasquad game Phillies' Jim Thome and Jose Contreras saw action in a minor-league intrasquad scrimmage
Lord help me. I can't keep doing this. Plz order my steps
I have an audition for titanic the musical what should I sing for it? And also into the woods I'm a bass baritone
lots of action swirling round - red paint everywhere, interviews, and in the house, starring in stand-up video
Nothing makes me want a relationship to fail more than matching profile pictures. -- MensHumor
Any #sportsbiz professionals located in NYC? Would love to connect in person depending on our schedules.
ya its hot 16hrs is a good time 2 tak a walk.
Fantastic show at IRCE with BigCommerce!
lol I was doing hw though..you just straight ignored me smh
I cant watch this game with Chris Collinsworth, terrible.
(D) All of the above?
please follow me?
- Well deserved praise, talented lady! Have a great weekend! Xo =)
The #Oden curse has been lifted!! BIG win tonight #Blazers! #1-0 AO
No matter what happens, I will always love you.
Watching a video! I love him
Trading my Redrock Microcage builders kit for a Blackbird steadicam system...good trade?
Well the old eyes are having a hard time staying open, so I'll say good night. Hope every one has a great day tomorrow later! ;-))
It's not right, but its okay I'm gonna make it anyway.
on the other hand Tech N9ne at the rave..
let's get real, the rangers beat ottawa an 8 seed, I'll admit philly killed the Pens. Their the favorite
A clear sunny day in the 'hood.
Imagine. Expand. Develop. Build!
I haven't used Camtasia for years, so I don't know. Probably not as easy in Camtasia Connect is drop dead simple
's #salty tweets >>>
More advertisers bail on Limbaugh WASHINGTON - Radio host Rush Limbaugh said his apology to the Georgetown law student whom he called a "
Yup! Pretty sweet
So does anyone think pur 1st round pick was a good cheesy move, or a bad cheesy move?
He was clearly out where was BV?
Hi Jelena pleasure to meet you at the Xbiz Awards last night. We spoke near the end about your classic beauty look & the biz
": You know, THE ?" I might even invite him to my wedding. Via Skype.
Such is life
Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, and faithful in prayer<U+2665>
Sleep deprivation.
My favorite Pareto optimal SCOTUS conference rule: Nobody speaks twice until everybody speaks once.
We would love to DM you about our twitter rate, please follow us so we can do so. Thanks!
There has been talk of that happening, but there would have to be political will to discuss it.
"I walk down to buy her flowers, and sell some gifts that I got. Can't you see - It's not me you're dying for." ::ben folds five::brick::
Great news, Amit. Have a great day!
What are your thoughts on the refs' calls so far?
Many thanks to everybody for the birthday wishes!!! I feel so special today :)
Beloit recruiting in TX?
forget my last tweet I sent you if you saw it... I will vote for RNG 500 times each week even if you don't follow me. I love you.
Thanks to everyone congratulating me on my new #coach status :)
What to tweet, what to tweet
If Walker's GOP primary gets more voters than the contested Dem primary, expect to be reminded of it frequently by his campaign.
You know something is seriously wrong when you confuse rack city chick for a Justin Beiber song
Open access that sucker, please!
Hello world.
The Pioneers claimed the No. 3 seed in the SBC Tournament. They will play the winner of No. 6 South Alabama/No. 11 Troy on Sunday, March 4.
It's rollin today already are you rollin with it are stepping to it with what is real..speak truth and the love will follow.
Seems like you're hacked pal... change the password ASAP
It's alright!! It's ok! There's something to live for! Jesus told me so!
Shark has been jumped. : Glee Casting Surprise! Lindsay Lohan in Talks to Guest Star ://t.co/HqyemYhI
Come on New York seriously u had to lose again #sadtweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
amazing! Congrats to the entire program.
U good
Believe it or not my front teeth hurt for biting that donut with these braces D':
FUN at the wonderful Nordstrom Rack! Great deals and great people!
Head in the clouds, but my gravity's centered.
"If you find out you've got a fan who's got 10,000 twitter followers, call em up. Take em to lunch." - Peter Gotcher
I'm not a customer, but offers a successful #mobile experience to those affected by power outages. Good job! cc
I've been trying to do one page of homework for about 7 hours now lmao... I'm the laziest motherfucker alive..
The easiest choice to make is no choice at all.
academic interview schedules are crazy. mine was a similar set up. suspected it was partly an endurance test. good luck! :)
I wonder if dropped out of Avon again?
Are you a hater if you hate on haters?!?
Love my job:-)
#vagina monologue
Woke up so grateful to the Mighty God
god i hope so
Fantastic day piloting the improved Magnetic Leadership programme based on participant feedback. Thanks to all involved especially NdV & PvB
did you SEE the trailer for Paranormal Activity 3? E! FREAKS ME THE F out!
Meet your speaker candidates: Jacob Vandever
Back hurting
were heading over there now
true story bro
Summer means that it's time for an inordinate amount of classic rock.
Throat is sore. Bodies aching. At least I don't have aids
Happy Easter Hope the bunny treats you all well!!
she's just three of them
Someone farted on the bus, not cool dude, not cool at all.
idk yet gotta set sum up
People who don't know baseball shouldn't talk baseball.
I LIKE HOW U FILLED MY TIME LINE UP
Jayvin will hopefully learn his lesson today
Editor of Oregonian: what differentiates young reporting candidates is critical thinking. Tech skills are assumed.
Why is it always the same stroker's who screw up a race? David Reutirmann?
Right! Add me on facebook Anthony Nano
Ugh!! I feel I deserve better & have GREAT potential BUT im impatient... & when I don't see results I get discouraged!!
Poland Springs of course :-P
Next up is Tom Jones' Documentation: the What, Why, and Where.
Thx RT : Happy Thursday closer to the weekend!
are you announcing it on ustream?
Chicken, beef or vegetable?
Lesson learned: Don't add sugar to egg whites til meringue starts to stiffen. Otherwise, liquid meringue. RT : How was your weekend?
Appreciate your Mom/Dad no matter what, because many don't have parents, many don't know who they are, & many lose them without warning...
Support food drive on May 12 to help us on our mission to end homelessness!
Look out! is back in the Brew city, so I'm headed out with all the guys tonight for the 1st time in awhile, can't wait!
RT : Honesty works both ways you know
Let me know if you need a mix for your new record.
lovely. thanks!
I love your one shots ! That is all. k, bye :D
I wish waterproof eyeliner was also allergy- and rubbing-proof.
Where I'm headed- public hearing on proposed new elem. school on the site of Mays Chapel Park. Neighbors want to keep the park
a guy laying down with no shoes on the Max...classic. I missed public transportation :)
Stoked I can get Ethiopia Harrar #CloverBrew at ! One of my fave varietals. Bring back Sanani!
You Were Awesome Dancing In The VMA's!!!!! Great Dancing!!!!! :)
The Dentist: You have a small mouth like a baby! Lmao
"black dude wasted"
These #AngryBird bandaids will destroy the cut on my thumb like the birds destroy ice, wood, and bricks.
do you have a passport that someone can overnight to you?
A garage still hazy after being pumped full of carbon monoxide? “: If happiness is a warm gun, what is sadness?”
This Easter, 3 generations of family gathered around computer to with my cousin serving overseas. I love
David McCann is doing that already.
Our fall students are at plantation and Poas volcano today. Amazing coffee and incredible views...that's #CostaRica!
Week, so its going to be a busy one. Thought I'd see how all of you are doing. Let me know how you are and what your working on!!
So excited about the wind ensemble,watching them set up #cantcontainit!
and i didn't mean that in a "i hate myself for liking one direction" kind of way but in a "i hate myself for not listening to atl atm" way
I'm about to cry! That's the cutest thing ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Very nice playing with you today! You played well, and I am pretty sure you will have a good year at the tables! Take care!
Thanks for the follow. Are you down in Austin for SXSW?
Working late from home. Fun!!!
aww thanks you too!
How important/serious of sports/advertising event is it really if Nike does not run an ad?
Thanks for the follow!
I'm in love with "Baby" by justin bieber, he is simply amazing.
I'm just not feeling well all together
Looking for wellness video clips that we can send to end-users via emails etc. Any ideas??
I think its time ..... Goodnight tweetheads sweet dreams.
Anyone else going to 's Deeper in .NET this Saturday? Come check us out!
Alright , Hahahaha what version of "faithful" is this? Cause I'm gonna get sweaty.
Ubaldo vs Darvish is a filth fest right now
Check out our website www.mirrorsleeves.com
Vegas Miami Kansas City back to San Diego … all within the next 7 days.
yes sir I am
thanks Jimmy..
#ReasonsWhyImSingle theres to many to name
Hi! Hope you are doing well... miss you talkin to you girly! =) <3
Nice to see a GA boy win the #Masters Congrats Bubba Watson!
Great post! This is still being taught in library school, at least the one with which I am familiar. Drives me crazy.
After 10 days in NYC I am ready to head back to PDX with a head full of ideas hope PDX is ready for a great summer of food.
LOL...Free is so seductive that it probably has bitten all of us...
We have the talent and EXPERIENCE to make a mark in this years tourney. #Go Aztecs!
I've Watched Madea's Xmas, 100xs, Just can't get enough of Hattie-Mae, please include that character in other projects!
But I will stop every 5-10 mins to check tweets by on state fair tragedy investigation.
hate to miss this one...we're coming for the 2nd half
I don't even know what the coaches like in the sub anyway
ditto. that was my first time. what did you think?
Tonight a live set from Vinyl Hours Radio with DJ Hobo Vault Martini Bar in Redlands! 21+ 9:30pm -1am free!
Are you involved with the We're Alive podcast? I swear I saw pics of you on their facebook page
but Chiodos just got their original drummer back, the line up is no longer dismantled. mark my words, they will take over the world.
Although our company colors are Blue/Orange, it is just coincidence! GO Bronco's!!
Well it's my Friday just had some dinner, waitting to go to work. LOL
Had a rough morning? Come see us for lunch. We've got a smiling face and a delicious meal waiting for you.
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakens.
Could this be rain in Houston, I heard the rumblings of thunder
how wz it?
A #woman whose smile is open and whose expression is glad has a kind of beauty no matter what she wears. - Anne Roiphe
IDK. I may be biased but I feel like I have the best name. . .okay top 10. Mikiah. It's just right! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
RT #SOUTHJERSEYBITCHES brush they teeth with they index finger
Companies try to micromanage innovation. Hold people back. Companies need to imitate cities.
Unforgiveness hurts us more than it does anyone else. Until 2ma xoxo
I've tried that too. It never works for me. Wishing you better luck! ;-)
if you think and make a great couple!!!
Sending an e-mail to my contacts in Iceland. Their names? Vidar and Hammer. Hoping they took their Blackberrys out pillaging w/ them.
python is elegant and powerful. Torvik is a terrible teacher. He was hired full time now for some reason. >:/
Another pretty day in the Rose City
I love everything about Thomas Robinson's game. Absolutely no quit in him. If the rest of his team had played as hard as he did they'd win
You talked so sweet, and your smell, it made me weak. & I fell so fast that I never thought to ask if you were cold hearted.
damn right..its the playoffs..
Vegas Sharps is making a $ out of 15 cents
Ah, what time is the game at?
Yeah! DON'T DIE.
Overheard, 2pm at the library conference: "There's TV in the elevator." "TV? They should have a bar in the elevator." Look out, Chicago.
I miss being a TA.
it was actually free.. all of it.
so sorry to hear that.... RT : buying myself a doghouse for last night :(
Tu Holloway: "That's what you want to see between Xavier and Cincinnati"...really dude go to class.
Strong people don't have to say they are strong, they just have to feel the pain, and be strong enough to smile when people are looking
1 page every 15mins . . Where you able to do it?
on my ride home tonight, there was a Stoudts baseball cap in the middle of NB Millvale, across from Sonny's....
follow me Real quick I will explain in a DM
Wonderful to see old friends and meet new ones at Malice Domestic. Here until tomorrow and then off to Festival of Mystery in Oakmont, PA.
Thinking about budget constraints on academic libraries b/c of journal subscriptions. Know of a solid general reference?
pretty damn good.. not Duffs.. But who is.. Half off drafts makes it a good alternative to madmex
Is it an iPhone? Open Safari and go to the page you want to make a button. In the gray bar at the bottom is an "export" icon...
Thanks technology for allowing this English teacher to get her #ww18 fix from home. But oh, the magic of the auditorium! Nothing compares.
No one can tell you who you are
hey hun..i just seen u here cheetah!!!I wnted 2 speak bt I jst got idk-scared lol I had on the zebra bra call me 770.744.7442
When you start showing that you care, that's when they start messing up.
Many MANY requests for nude models. People must be getting #springfever!
does that seem odd to you? It just seems odd to me.
One day I'm a die ma hair Kats hair from victorious :)
Late-night Renegade INB4 Sessions on Freqbase, starting now!
Okay! RT : miss you too ... dm me ya number i don't have it anymore
I graduated from Liberty University with a degree in Straight Studies.
Romantically...just the cooking & submission aspect I mentioned earlier...plus...
I keep saying sorry for being absent ladies but I get busy during the week!
#thingsaboutme I hate being second to another guy,
poor guy!
I don't want to be someone's backup plan. I want to be somebody's first & only choice.
true. He has the peaceful protest skill of ghandi. But the destructive capabilities of Hitler
you wild one!
hank would never“:if my dog understood that i was made up of bones that he could chew on, wonder if he would murder me in my sleep”
appreciate it T. You coming out to a game soon?
Last one in the office, working on a media strategy, at least 1 hour more. Wouldn't mind but our TV doesn't get YES
I grew up with my grandmother making those for breakfast during the holidays! I love them.
Thanks for the follow - love to hear more about your service.
Caught and after weekend wedding full of BKbros, where/when am I?
#FIFA #WorldCup Latest: England 1 - Slovenia 0 (FINAL) USA 1 - Algeria 0 (FINAL) USA AND ENGLAND GET THROUGH TO NEXT ROUND!!
Dear Lauren's Bed: Can we please get along tonight? Thanks in advance, buddy.
You must not be too familiar with Grossi's articles.
At the AMAZING gala! No one supports #PDX #families who have experienced a death like they do--& for free!
RT and actions speak louder than words
u know it's a series right? Smh act like u have watched the playoffs before
hit up he can give u more info in that section of the company
; please stop putting you are dating Austin Mahone on Simsimi ; k thanks ! Because it is a lie ! He is single !!!
Sounds fucking sexy.
agreed & agreed
That nicca Kanye going in well not really Kim Kardashian throw that A$$ on anybody if I was bigger in the game I be up next for a Touchdown!
Q: How many republicans does it take to raise your taxes?A: None. The democrats do that.
RT : The human heart seeks 2b known understood and connected #leadership #leadfromwithin >Connecting - it's what we're here 2do!
Definitely not used to all these visitors.. especially at 11pm. I love you Uncle Joe but we thought you were a cop..... heh
is #selling this, 12 LITRE 475 HP '03 SERIES 60 NEW TURBO ALL EGR R PARTS 200K MILES set up for
Listening to Whitney Houston's I Will Always Love You!!
Happy Birthday Ladies!
I hope ya fire burns <U+E11D>
Lula Washington Dance Theatre comes to The Hillman Center this Saturday at 7:00PM. Get your tickets before they’re all gone!...
I don't know off hand. I'm looking into it. There's been a lot of activity the last few weeks up around Portsmouth
a phone? Just whatever I'm reporting you
how about justin b.
Thank you, Dan Henkel for an excellent session this morning!
Can't wait till I ship out I swear!! So Sick of these ppl!!! I'm ready for a completely new environment!
u fuckn RATCHET
Hey Maggie! Thank you much! And that's a funny question, lol. I am, though I act like I'm not (don't tell anyone).
walks in the and sees a whole bunch of Social, talkative and words. well that would include me as well....
#MacBook MacBook Pro systems freezing despite video update
the new album is sick
Really need to sell my car. What is the best way to sell a car these days?
hanging out with Steph.
Done, you're invited. You'll have to pry yourself away from Uchiko, though.
Hey, thanks for following me back! And thanks so much for reading! Means a lot.
Walk the Freedom Trail, sit on the hill in Boston Common, visit Quincy Market and Beacon Hill.
Meanwhile back in margaritaville, some eagles prefer to fly high over the clouds of economic destruction. Ty, Hollywood
#SomeFactsYouShouldKnow I absolutely hate liars.
You jump, I jump, remember?
My mom just disrespected me beyond what I can even comprehend.....smh
What's Loaf Got To Do With It?
In 7th Grade I was voted 'best dressed', it's been a slow descent ever since... bestdressed-wise.
Worked too long today opening a safe...should have been a simple job,...but it wasn't!
2 questions please: Did you invent a new vacuum/air pressure and/or electromagnetic technology to defy gravity? And the 2nd...
looking forward to volunteer training this Sunday evening!
Maybe he'll come back next year. =( Sad Mike is sad.
Watching Big Shot documentary on WXXI now
Get me some Cuervo and a blowtorch! RT : You can make diamonds by heating tequila to over 1400F
In the studio with Eric Arjes, of Camera Can't Lie. Getting ready to record the single off of "For the Sake of ME".
Damn Vulture. You have balls. One of the most recognizable voice online, and you bite? May the AIDS flow in your direction.
Having some snow envy ... Starting to shop for gifts here in Sunny FL.. and plan for the holidays!
I would feel so stupid typing up that report and sending it to corporate. What a joke
How did you manage that?!
Fuck a team ill jus simply follow you back......so follow me!!
they're making me nervous.
FCP is all screwed up...anyone know why nothing is showing up on the canvas when I play clips on the timeline?
Where is it a 24 hour gym with a court?? I have to get my shot right for the summer..
#Diablo3 gameplay cont. ACT IV: Disconnecting. ACT V: Screaming obscenities at computer. There's a reason this game is about Hell.
Awesome... thanks bro!
Just got screamed at by my family for ALMOST passing my nephew over the table. Apparently it is bad luck to pass a baby over a table??
listenin to music :)
- size and location and we'll get them to you
"You wanna know something? Nobody ever does anything to be nice. They always wanna get something out of it."
Sorry , going to be late tonight.
Am i getting a cold or something??....I hope not..
's "awesome as fuck" is amazing
Anyone working on any exciting projects this week?
Looking for last minute gifts? Come in and buy a gift card, loaf of bread or some delicious pastries!
fuck Florida. But kinda
Cool!!,where and what position
You can't change your life until you change your thoughts. You can't walk differently until you see things differently.
-Love your site dolls! have a fabulous friday! xox
Monday is over, thank you sirs. Time to finish work and skip to Tuesday
new shirts just came in! can't wait for this weekend!
thats awesome. I tracked it down after his show. "Hurricane Jane" is an ingenious smash. "Paris" from previous CD, is my Fav.
please disregard that album cover that got attached to my last tweet. LOL
I'm mad at you
About to kick this swingsets ass with
yeh well, people ruined the song for me.
Super Bowl XLVI is on February 5th- Tickets are still available for the big game, call now: 888-493-0004
This weekend gonna be Rowdy !
idk...but twitter keeps UNFOLLOWING my !! Get your shit together twitter!
Just your Ass Back Home <3
She can come too!
He has such a powerful first stride
Yep, DuPont circle. The 'Hot Now' sign was up. It's a lie.
I hate living in the country..
kicked ASS!!! at her dance show tonight. Kudos to you girl. Muah!
I miss Nacho! Such a treat to meet you Nathan. Please bring Nacho and Daisy when you come to Clt!
haha baller status “: New Era should sell their stickers on their own. You could upgrade your favorite old hat to baller status.”
so true, so true
Lovin all the last minute blogs we are seeing for and the #SICflicks fueled by contest.
#Austin #ATX #UT you need a portrait but don't want to melt on this 100+ heat? Let do it early morning. We can get some sunrise light.
Warning: I am going to be so obnoxious with the Eddie pics over the next two days. GET READY, INTERNET!
lol! Have fun in school
man! i'm such a fuck up!
On my way to go vote :)
Only Nick would fall in the pool with his macbook in his backpack. Omg. This kid.
#sxswLAM talking good panel proposals at #ala11 - the ideas are building! Community space coming soon!
Jesus died. Here's 3 pounds of chocolate harvested by an 8 year old South American boy.
Listening to the Orioles Opening Day game right now
This. Made. My. Day. Easily one of the best games I've played- somewhere I still have my old cards.
Nice work by tonight #TigersRoar! Looks like might get it done if Rodriguez could could get ahead in the count!
wow really sorry. Our driver called you multiple times and left a message. If you didn't get those messages we had the wrong #
Finishin this Sundae from earlier.
lol but I don't think anyone would say the punishment fit the crime there. THEY HAD GUEST RIGHT!!
I'm so tired my dad woke me up so early/:
i think the bucks left their def back in columbus!
Please stay safe, Kansas
hope u had a wonderful day
Ha---not sure I could handle that!
Polls are closed #lynbrook. Results should be in shortly. Stick with us for full coverage.
Big day for me today!!
Presenting a paper tomorrow, and yea, that's right, busting out a BRAND NEW shirt. That's how I roll.
#dcu #mls r u serious? I hate the ravens and love t #Caps but #raylewis has a ring! N I love soccer but MLS aint really it.
we're racist, against Hawaiians
Come on Saavedra, get out of the damn way
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES <3
Why do girls fukk wth boys to get attention?
Been home alone all day!! Feels like solitary confinement!! Lol
Izzy Stradlin is my favorite Guns N' Roses member because his name is also a question.
Since arianna is sleeping, fuck it I'm going to sleep.
you left yet?
You fall for that? ;)
thanks, sweeties! See you Saturday!
Good afternoon everyone comensando my tarea
definitely not RHCP as a headliner. Or Sabbath.
#LastTimeIChecked girls shouldn't be having greasy ass hair.
This bitch in a wheelchair say she "gon' beat that ass" if he been cheatin on her. ...Really, bitch?!?
there is a bat in my cabin...
That's Talent!
#Ronaldo is dirty #ElClásico great game today
Nope bigger fish to fry
Pushing 80 in the Bay Area!
you guys should come to Purdue this weekend with
I spy the Dora sno cone maker and a bottle of something. Making good use of that baby?
Why are you at the Police station?
I wish I hadn't done that. It was unnecessary. He's like my brother.....
Congrats on study abroad? Where are you planning on going?
happy 4th of july to u too!!
Good Morning Twitter People! Enjoy ur Wednesday!
Night! Love Ya!
What Olivia is not gonna do is cry every episode. C'mon Shonda.
mine is a lil different, but pls check it out!! blog.philanthromeme.org <33 -Phil
love the phrase "citizen history" that just popped up in the #21stME session, online #aam2012. doing history side by side with historians
We sippin out here
Neat o?(x ": The battleship movie commercial used "predator" by chrispy! pretty neat o"
Because stalks my life (:
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. Yes is the answer. ;)
We are looking for contestants for our 2nd annual KoreFit contest! Head over to our #Facebook for more info! Best results receives a prize!
and BB&T team up to offer our customers more service. Now you can pay #hoa dues at a BB&T branch!
I LOVE MY FRIEND <3
I'm listening
R.I.P. Steve Jobs. The world loves you.
What happened? Are you guys still in business?
#Syria actor Khaled Taja has passed away at the age of 73 after a long and illustrious career.
Commencement in the morning. Ready to go with plus the chipper !
Getting ready for the trip to LA to drop off painting at X-Power Gallery. No affordeable hotels. We will have to sleep in our car.
Thanks, Tony! It's pretty great so far! :D
I thought you were meeting us here??
RT : Let's talk #riskandreward at #txla12 - watch for the orange shirt and get a free R-squared button.
Am I the only one that's freaking out about this? Lol There has to be more work focused on this.
Wow ya'll.
Netflix suggested I watch Downton Abbey because of my interest in RuPaul's Drag Race. I do hear the Dowager Countess can throw mean shade.
your a bitch for slapping dd..your lucky you had a helmet on.and your shit so called religious fuck outta here
Did you guys hear? is playing the Tinley Park date of Warped Tour!!!!
dude ur leaving london out again ill miss u again!!austin u will never come here will u or will u??
Meet Carolina born & raised Apollo 16 moonwalker Charlie Duke. He is appearing at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex today.
Today is #BestFriends Day! How well do you know your best friend? Do you know what their favorite flower is? #Surprise him/her with a gift!
k I'll be fucking off over here. Enjoy!
ooh..glad there is an Android app..
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen".......
I'm having an FTP issue. PLEASE say you're there on a Sunday morning...
Just got a nacho lodged in my throat...don't worry, it passed.
Hello! Not sure what you mean by "set"? Those reprints generally don't have much value to us.
in our hotel room at science olympiad
congrats Charles!
Wait!?! Did the refs just help the Celtics? WE HAVE HOPE!
a well deserved promotion! is proud as is Let the next chapter begin!
Good morning everyone! Looks like a great day to get a workout in at 9Round :)
The really gross part of that article is that fact that it's all about women as if there are no men who dislike eating alone.
u make this kid the closer TOMORROW!!!!
Apparently is giving a speech in Afghanistan. FYI- not everyone needs to put quotes out.
see, she was chatty w/me, but didn't seem to listen to anything I said. Worst kind of chatty!
Royal Oak yoga teacher is 20 mins late and people are restless. Debating leaving. I was looking forward to this all day!
My tax rate is almost triple that of Mark Zuckerburg's or Mitt Romney's. I'm also still paying back my college debt. Something is wrong here
Putting in lots of studio time, new album is almost finished!
#edshow MEDIA MATTERS in SHOCK for NOT finding Chris Matthews' BRAIN when trying to install "news-feed chip" in his skull.
my entire family loves the show!
Happy Easter Everyone! got new shampoo x3
I feel like the shit wont leave me alone until I elaborate on this.
yea I been back and I texted to see when you was tryna make that transaction happen
Nah you're crazy
should be on
Yeah you aren't perfect, but you're perfect for me.
Well the Holy Bible Hand Grenade didn't work, how about some Rocket-powered Love & Light....
way up
Every time I read a tweet from , I end up screaming it in my head. #capslockswag ;)
Fred Jackson
son Mr chew shell. If someone steals a data card is there a way to trace its use
I've been here for you since the beginning. Could you please return the favor & follow back?
Omg the trends.
Company claims treatments effectively helps ppl with MS. I'm an eye witness. Plz check it out Montel PLEASE. medsonix.info
“The whole idea of motivation is a trap. Forget motivation. Just do it." ~John C Maxwell
I be the one that they love to mention
Knowing when to stay and serve, and when to walk away, requires sensitivity and obedience to God's direction.Be Blessed Y'all.
straight bs
i need more followers!!!
yeah I'm going
I let you have my heart #onlyif you dont break it
no but I've seen the trailer thing for it... It looks insane!
Rick Sackheim has been promoted to Island Def Jam EVP of Promotion. Please celebrate accordingly!
#INSCHOOL #JonnyTee "Friday Night" on June 5th. Check out "Fresh Like Me" Official Clipper Anthem on YouTube.
check out I'm addicted to their deals! For real. Great outdoor adventuring stuff. And credit me if you buy anything!
Thisx1000 Unfortunately it's the unpopular opinion #butthenagainpeoplecan'tacceptthetruththatlincolnwasaracist
"It might help if I could act as if I care about my students and whether or not they learn."- Sheldon
Sorry I love you. But, I know you are a cards fan....
"Rad", "Super" and "Brilliant" are three words I use on a daily basis. I wonder if that annoys people?
HMU plzzz!! And did I leave my sunglasses in your passenger car door? Maybz?
3 days until Cody Robert Simpson's birthday !!!!<3 Love you
Verso L-Alto!
#quotes #nature He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature. Socrates
There goes football season, better come through
A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything. No secrets and no lies.
good luck chad...
Okay that sucked. Brought a beanie and sweatshirt and others brought blow up mattress and sleeping bags.
I love coffee
followed her(:
; Every day I'm hustlinn'.
A Nirvana / Drake blend? you crazy for that one!
indeed, be gentle tho :)
Me Too<3
wishing would come to Roanoke, VA.
Life is definitely interesting. Much to talk about.
"Chewbacca is not a nice woman! He'll come out of the trees and eat all the signs. He's picking up some blueberry pie." - Anna (3 yo)
fantastic! Please keep me posted and reach out if you have questions!
Love Is For The Birds
When he calls..when he calls n says come over... I'm there whether I'm twisted or if I'm sober
Definitely in the minority!
What happened! Lol i bet you've already said it like 5 times xD
just bought #bandits tix, need some entertainment on this #sabres break, i still cant figure out whats a penalty in #LAX though #slashing?
thanks honey <3 your adorable! :3
I just needed to urinate in a cup. Was too dehydrated.
O'course I'll respect you if you respect me
well thank you! Haha! Spread it around, share with your followers if you want.
": I should be a producer for ESPN... Obviously" you wish..giants fans are not allowed
i dont even know who is going from seymour
#notALA can our second order be planning a conference, hopefully at an inexpensive beach area? with free workshops?
it's just really cool how he does that everytime he meets someone
If i cant be your one , i dont wanna be your anything . . .
Holy hell, Daniel Quinn. Ishmael has *wrecked* me.
i need to move the fuck out of this house
Deals should be cut n dry up front, n u should b prepared to walk away. Read my new book. Knowledge is power.
What's the difference between men an government bonds? Bonds mature.
burned 295 calories doing 25 minutes of "Running (jogging), 5 mph (12 min mile)"
Pledge4Patriots is scheduled for it's first fundraiser in October. Volunteers needed in the Orlando area starting October 01, 2011
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes. Henry J. Kaiser
Oh really. They're making abstraction now? Haven't seen their work in a while.
Lol! Shower time!
Maddelyn Fraley drives in three with a home run to put North Texas ahead 5-0 in the bottom of the fourth.
its funny how one little tweet can change someone
"To give any less than your best is to sacrifice a gift" S Prefontaine
i do. Haha
Jason Aldean Concert :)
thanks for the kick in the bum!
Oreo's
You might get tired sometimes but that only means that you are almost there to your destination. Don't get frustrated you will be okay!
Track key metrics on a weekly basis, those high value activities that lead to engagements. The better your numbers, the better your luck
RT : "Niggaz don't want it wit Jig' cuz something gotta give/ I got homes where u hide, I hustle where u live"
Some girls don't understand how childish they sound
Ha i made a play list called "the ready direction" its all the trs and 1d songs alternating. Best of both worlds.
"Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly, but we consider it false and despise its adherents."
It is impossible to live without brains, either one's own or borrowed.
God is love!!
Home, where you at
You would probably find someone, but you would never find another
#PlayingBack all those magic moments... <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
oh but ill just go friday c:
Weekend in the Smoky Mountains was awesome! Fantastic weather & plenty of entertainment. Back to bad weather in the midwest.
You're so nice to answer to your fans! :) But no Hart of Dixie tonight!
Not shit chillin wit my best friend
no, but I bet is all over it! How are you?
Cataloguing the o-gauges this morning. Pay no attention to the woo-woo noises coming from the workroom.
Everything happens for a reason u just got to let it be!
Sneaking into fancy hotels to use the restroom
But this summer is a bummer if you can't leave this pathetic excuse for a town.
hey bo thaaaaang c:
FASHION TIP: Layers are always lovely for the fall -- add layers w/o bulk w/ featherweight style t's.
I know a woman who thought suicide was funny. My exwife laughed when she told the judge during our divorce she wanted me to
If you accidentally saw a married man out with another woman, but you do not know his wife THAT well (or him)....would you tell her?
Yaw ugly lol
So, my camera broke. That's happening.
This game is going to give me a heart attack!
I've been spending all my time just thinking bout ya.
I love it!!! DNICOLE
are you in the play?
I'd dispute that. Lucas & Coppola had been singing Kurosawa's praises for years. They're good films, but an uninspired list.
When tweets all these dumb bitches..but never tweets me <<<<<<<<<<
"I'm the best one-foot hopper in the whole first grade." -- Leo, with much seriousness and certainty. cc
is gone from mass com and we're talking about politics. I can't be the only girl in here right now!
u gon be good
your so right. That young man is scary. I do think the Colts r gonna take him though but we shall see.
As a proud, upstanding American liberal, let me say this: "Limey Bastard!"
Not impressed with the shopping and food choices... everything is closed around union square
“: We all say stupid things. We are all human. Not apologising for something you did wrong, does however, make you look a twat.”
let's see
“: throwing that football yet” always got that golden arm
I wanted to call it Reading Rockets but that name is being used for something else so that will create even more confusion.
also did you know that the chicago comic and entertainment expo is this weekend? we need to go next year!
Haha thanks for listening! I hope "interesting" isn't a bad thing
I wan't to fall deeply in love<3
heck yes!
Where “places it doesn’t belong” = “everywhere?
Wanna make out?
I suspect the entire thing works better as a long journal article than stretched out to an improbable 250ish pages
i feel care free when playing basketball
People will believe anything if you whisper it.
Wait. So, if Vargas is starting in A, who ISN'T starting in A?
o man thugg passion ' YES!
bad call, def was still moving when Johnson left the ground, but we got a few calls too
You are welcome! And thank you! Have a great day... :)
What cry up
I think there will be many haunted people until they and Troy Davis meet again.
Last night in Santa Barbara and a messed up stomach... now what to do for dinner?
YES!! NOW IM LISTENING TO IT ON ANOTHER RADIO STATION!!! THANK YOU !!!
It's not about how many times you fall. It's about how many times your willing to get back up.
tell me you don't still have that stache. mine looked like a porn star . . . you shouldn't go through airport security w/that.
Lord have mercy. I know a vegan. America and its' food fads. What was it before this one? South Beach Diet?
I LOVE ur music!!!!I'm listening to #rudeboy right now!!PLEASE notice me!!&my nickname is Rihanna lmao
& aren't allowed over anymore! haha! #seriously. :(
A lot of people run a race to see who’s the fastest. I run to see who has the most guts. – Steve Prefontaine
Right - the mechanism would be a bit different, involving inline markup per page rather than a single robots file per domain.
how did they hold up?
live free , fly high!!!!
The new dork is innovating on facial hair.
#Prayer- The Original Wireless Connection..
ShakeCast: USGS map overlay tool with automatic notifications to operators of critical facilities -Applegate
To the guy stuck in traffic blasting Def Leopards "Photograph"... Thank You.
"We drink one another's health and spoil our own.." Jerome K. Jerome. Found on the internet.
everything sucks during Summerfest. Except on next Saturday when we play. Hah.
my mum ask me if i drunk ._. Hahaaha i dont know why hahaaa
u there? Or watching?
As seniors increase their use of social media, they reduce barriers for care in the future
I've never been wrong, but I'm pretty sure I wouldn't like it.
What's more fun then playing hide n go seek with the fam when your old !! Can never go wrong with hide n go seek :)
Katherine Jackson is being interviewed by !! God. She's so sweet. <3 R.I.P Michael.
i dont know what that guy talkin about lol
I didn't even know Von texted me back. Lol. My bad!
#YouKnowYoureBroke If you saving condoms...
I'm putting together a list of my most anticipated summer movies. Tell me, does THE DARK KNIGHT RISES open this summer?
would like to meet other ev builders, bikes, trikes or anything self created.
Just read some potentially great news, I really hope that it applies to me. Ready to start my life and my career and move on from here.
What's interesting in that report (via Forbes): "For every entertainment job created, 2.5 other jobs are created as a result."
You will forever be the winner to me. Please make sure I have some Jamar Rogers music to listen to really soon. I love you!
If I'm stressed about having so much homework and things to study for, I just take a deep breath and don't do any of it. Problem solved.
You're body is a wonderland.
Listen you are knocked kneed and your back is shaped like a pack of Newports. Getting respect is not your only problem.
uuhmayzazingcee: this gold velvet ski<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
What do i have to prove? i would die for you. <3
The moment you're laughing so hard and you try to stop, but you look at the person and laugh again.
Great night w/old & new friends in an incredible city. Thanks , I needed that. Back to cali tomorrow. Wherever you go,
Kudos on Outman with the stirrups. Stirrups should be mandatory.
TELL ME, PLEASE TELL ME!!
should leave because he hates my cupcakes.
Hildreth: it's not abt technology or format, but content.
True. Gotta make it work somehow.
"the way we fund education will be a problem for our future" RT : Appreciate Jon Ralston's acerbic analysis
wt u said ws crazy i ws jus tryna talk wit ya but ok u being kinda rood
Argh, that should be
Choosing which route to take is simply a matter of following your own direction. #leadyourself Chás This...
Can't make the screening tonight. Ugh. Thx though.
really wish I saw this. probably would've biked over to hang with you
Boom One Records newest release by Hope Massive, "Itani" is now available on all online stores.
No empirical evidence yet that genetic info = behavior change. Yet Francis Collins lost 27lbs in response to his genetic info. Why is that?
Going into today, the Cubs, Sox, & Brewers were within a 1/2 game of each other #futilitysummer": that was disappointing #Cubs"
I am learning how to tweet.
here in #wisconsin we don't just cut heads off giant horse skeletons... we drink beer and tip cows too
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]<U+2661>22
RT : Lunchtime Question: Best burgers and fries in Chicago? (or your city)
See You Today (: Cant Wait!! its been so long!!
Only four days until the Beginning Acting Workshop! There are a few slots left. Email for details.
Ill probably get the $40 paddock/infield tix RT : Who knows... I don't have tickets but i'm not ruling it out.... We will see.
Midfield creates and Senegal scores
Would love to be part of your interview series!
EEk I just had a couple pick up their engagement ring!! I'm so in love with love <3
You just inspired me and my whole generation - Chris Tucker
"So it is, life is actually made up of our choices. We are the sum total of them, and if we hold to an attitude of love and thanksgiving fo
I didn't accept your first friend request. Sending another one won't change my mind.
LOL, you must have an iron stomach! But for it maybe worth it. ;)
so many whipits
Don't take drugs! W.takewater.com !!!
6:40 am... What to do? What to do??
with & talking show at Bandarangs Feb 11th!
i was serious tho
I was just reminded how small our town is...
Hey Champ. What an honor to see you the other night in Vegas. God bless you and keep you. Also, you killed it with LL Cool J.
Redeemed Girls, remember Eph. 4:32, Be kind 2 each other, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, just as God through Christ has forgiven you
Gimme one!
CONTEST ALERT! Looking for Augusts Best Beer Drinking Woman, email your pic to for a chance to win a FREE T-SHIRT!
Looking to add some play into your day? Passport to Play offers a free opportunity for you to get moving with your family!...
I can't even sleep yo.
No problem, if you need to reference it in the future, the bug # is 14966.
A6: You become memorable when you become known and recognized.
A town music need new blood to revitalize the A!!!
haha I can see that;P I can also see u love cereal a lot:p
RT : Q8 #foodiechats via Who are your favorite Twitter friends to dine with?
where did you get the inspiration for your hair Amy?
This is crazy :o
Wear heavy coats if the peetes r coming east very very cold here have a safe trip :)
Joe Little on one-man-band/backpack journalism at #NewWaveofJournalism Joe is a riot!
scrapbooking supplies inspiration
q BrazilLovesAustinMahone q
My 1st Tweet, just landed my 1st internship with follow them and listen to the show Monday and Wednesday nights!
We also have a winner this week. Congratulations Ellen Henry, you've just won a Faviana rhinestone T-shirt!
Relgious nuts need to chill...if u want federal money u have to play by federal rules. Plus it an opt-in for contraception NOT abortion!
My name is Tyrone and YEA! I went to prison!
But come back! “: UW has zero shot unless you come back. But I'm not mad at yah if you go pro.”
New macro lens in the mail today yes
Wow... Good thing I did not try to hard...
they pre recorded. It's going to air tomorrow or Thursday. Ben said he will twitter when it's airing. :-)
Sununu doing good job on #MSNBC to hit back against Chris Mathews attempts to hate on Mitt and twist his words around.
hey thanks for the love... :)
Seems like Routt gets beat for 1TD and at least 1 3rd down per game, wonder how he measures in those 2 areas?
i seriously cant wait for high school. <3
Even if heaven and earth colide tonight We'll be all alone in a different light I dont care what the world can see Its just between U and me
Comical - #sapphirenow talking #cloud and #inmemory as if it were NEW... is someone ready to take the #analytics PoC challenge?!
JL's So this is Christmas!
“: Can't run w/o wicked shin splints - should I reduce dosage?” I ran thru mine. Not good advice, I know, but it's what I did.
Hahaha I thought it would. Had to tweet it to you.
secretariat. Tyler and 11
wow and thank you Harvey ill check that out!
Is that a PC exclusive feature?
Ha! We need longer hallways at RT : Do you still run the hallways between sportscasts to stay awake?
Birmingham England
Strand dude today took snobbery to a new level by saying I wasn't smart enough to buy a DFW book. Ironically it was his essay on free will.
That sounds awesome. Nothing like rewarding yourself with something cold after a hard ride on a hot day!
Braves are making a statement! #5 on ESPN's Power Rankings. keep it coming boys :)
Does bloggy meant texty? There's lots of super-visual designs, meant for photo or art work.
Mission Prep beat Santa Clara 62 - 38
Quinn coming in for certain packages only in place of Tebow? Right - probably just the passing plays.
Sonic Drive In Yakima WA using text messaging & mobile payments to increase transactions. text us for info 206-504-2284
Getting ready to catch today's show of Miss Muffet at the Swedish Cottage Marionette Theatre ! What's everyone else up to?
OMG why do so many ugly co-workers insist on submitting their pics to the website? You're just ASKIN' to get clownt
CAN'T WAIT TILL I GET A FUCKIN CAR!!!! CAN'T DO SHIT WIT OUT ONE.... I NEEDA GO PAY MY BILLS BUT NO CAR TO DO IT WIT SMDH
yes he is tall! yes, they do :) <U+2665> i started crying after i hugged austin :):)
OER Remixing - CC licensed material + new text + legal notice + by written permission.
i love your long hair and i love your smile cute like that ! follow chris paul
Tyyyyyyyyyyyyy can i pic an icon for you?????
just got laid off-anyone need art direction, design, invitations, hand-lettering....or anything else? www.janebackes.com
Very, very welcome, Amy. What's new?
BRANDS:we encourage you to send us your brand to , Let us be your pusher.
Good Morning FB fam and may God bless all this day!!!
We were right! Best score to The Artist! If you haven't seen it, run to it!
I love my boyfriend, he will break every bone in his body just so i can be happy. =)
So I Know Its Real
Greatness happens to those who live their dreams with single-minded purpose. Courage and integrity form the cornerstones of their lives.
how can I find out when there are #sportsbiz chats on twitter??
Haha, that's awesome. I want to go to Australia!
I need to find new good jams to listen too.. Ideas?
It is my understanding that only one DC Councilmember endorsed in the Ward 5 council race... for
Diamond Recalls More Dog Food from S.C. Plant More dog food recalled after another bag of food tested positive for Salmonella.
dem jst dey run their mouth bro,no mind dem jare....
tell me why i'm not good enough.
Yessir. Think I may be front row too. You?
Some people will never get it!
#LilJimmy just up skirted Rosa
LOL! Today I'm only making the deviled eggs and the creamed spinach... I got off easy! ;-)
Happy St Patricks Day!
Can't go wrong with Portland summers.
I love the way Sunday just happens to sneak up on me!
It takes money to make money.
Having watched #contagion this weekend,sitting in an urgent care waiting room is making me paranoid.
Thanks to all our followers. Checkout out our site if you need Designs or just want to connect. Looking forward to communicating.
never eating at taco hombre ever again.
I think it's refreshing! Miss the days when my kiddo held my hand freely...at almost 11, that doesn't happen much anymore. :(
Uuhhhh i hate the teacher!!!!
all the time n congrats on the job sis
Love is beautiful! Happy Anniversary! <3
Congrats AGAIN to the HU football team for defeating FAMU at their homecoming. FINAL: 29 HU 28 FAMU.
them joint hard as shyt fat foolio
Sink full of dishes, ugh.
Solicit good advice from trusted pros...then TAKE IT! Avoid mistakes that have befallen others this way.
i know right!!!
SWEET TALK TIME
haha. Maybe he suggested the license plate.
How they going to label Obama "The First Gay President" ?!
I'm goin next time :p
have you tried #RuggedMaxxx2 ?
Life would be so much easier if I wasn't ambitious.
how's it hangin
Happy Birthday Ansel Adams!
“: Don't mix between my personality and my attitude because my personality is ME and my attitude depends on YOU.”
11 more days till talent show D: eek excited/nervous hopefully it goes well though
What is the best stylus for the IPad? Looking for one that has a fine point for writing, not the fat touch ends.
Forbidden..... More like deprived lmaooo
OK, I'm biting on your bait. How would you define old, and can you elaborate in 140 characters your hypothesis?
I HATE getting scrapes and scratches on my skin. They freak me out so much...
With any half-hour comedy, it kind of takes on its own life and finds itself
love the video of sushi live! the camera loves us... :-))
i love your motto. Tea for the win!
I overheard someone say " #kanban sounds like waterfall. Only #Scrum is #Agile " Yes, I corrected him
N its true RT : "El que las haces, se las imagina!" -words from my great grandma Mama Matty!
World stocks rise as US manufacturing improves - BusinessWeek
Ayyy when you comin back out?? You was my fav artist of 08!
Success - The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed.
Looks like Supt. Cash is getting a $40K bonus. Any thoughts?
Interviewed with this morning - watch 7NEWS today for info on concerning mailer many Coloradoans have received.
They will...and remember that the textbook listing is more cut and dry than what is out there in 3D so to speak...
no bitch clearly hes mine u need to calm your lil ass down HES MINE!
Victim's wife Suzanne Borcherds, is testifying: Def. "was saying that he was going 2 take care of business .. gng 2 shoot tht fking bastard"
Very cool!
There is a company that sells vitamin and mineral "infused" chocolates. Um. Or you can just eat your vegetables...
#imweakfor women with confidence, and goals
Im hungry who buying me breakfast
Nothing makes me happier than good talent and nice people.
me too! Lol and yea I do pretty Boeing job lol but I still get paid
I never thought you were gay or a girl. Those who think that are usually heteronormative and binary-adhering.
..the fact that he knew about Jesus..im impressed!..great parents.and you and the Mrs...great job on the play last sat.
A real SPRING day complete with blue skies! Now that's deserved of a cupcake!
RT Thinking of everyone at #virginiatech. Our thoughts go out to you!
I want the rain & clouds back though :p
RTmetabrown312 Today's tech scene is more sexist than engineering culture of my youth. .
I've known him since like second grade
lol. Might be in Frederick. Worth the trip? I wanna make some so bad.
My 9 to 5 job is temporary. My Passion is forever. Right now, I am learning how to balance both.
Are you a Yelp user? Love us? Please leave us a review there!
Can't make up my mind if I should mo-hawk my hair last time or just go ahead and get the high-top fade for prom..
LMFAO. HEY HEY HEY. *raises the roof*
no just ben
The ostrich is in the nest, though. Who/what is flying over it is up to interpretation.;)
Its the simple things in life that are the most extraordinary.
Keep doing the fuck i want
that's the BEST NEWS I've heard in the last 20 minutes!!! I SUPPORT THIS CHALLENGE!!
gotcha. I'm sorry. I saw your tweet about amherst, but didn't put it together.
HAHAHAHAHA GIRL YES DIE LAUGH (IN MY TYLYSA VOICE) !!!!!
Thanks much!
Solon~ Reprove thy friend privately commend him publicly.
That's what I'm talking about !!!! Who's Mr. Clutch???
Happy New Year from everyone at theNAT! Let's all make 2012 a great one, OK?
#Celtics Letss Go! Its time for the Truth
Laid Off? Netflix direct to TV downloads using Roku hardware is a sweet & cheap alternative to cable megabucks. I'm loving it.
can i get FB
Lots of work to catch up on... Gonna be a long day!
that's exciting.
I can handle more then you think
yourr so pretty! & I LOVE YOUR HAIRR.
So minus being in a sling for a month..in a month we'll be moving into our condo :) I couldn't begin to explain the excitement
ah the parable of two sisters
Haunted house tonight yessir!
follow back :)
Wowza I just noticed that yesterday I had like 58 followers and now I have 65!
Twitter poll for the academics out there: Roughly how many lectures/talks/presentations on campus do you attend per month on average?
Finding spiders the size of your hand waiting for you.
I REALLY hope Mikko Koivu ends up winning the NHL 13 cover contest,
I don't drink beer. Vodo?
#WhenIWasYounger I thought boys had cooties C:
Working on our Facebook presence... tweet me so I can Like your page!
Congrats to NM newest IDA businesses "Discount Cutters LLC" & "Power Route 66"!
I'm Not Going Bald Biker Helmet Motorcycle Decal :O ebay auctions
What's poppin tonight?
Love my gals
Happy 2012 everyone! I hope the new year brings you plenty of happiness! Please help me out and sign up on OneFreeAd.com for free!
Longest. Road trip. Ever.
Peepers-Read this today...Most cows give more milk when they listen to music. Not sure how they keep those ipod headphone in their cow ears?
When you're weary, it means you've been making a difference. Keep going and see it through. /via
What about you?
says he doesn't want to reveal who his song sorry is about because it makes it more relatable for his fans
You are very sweet, thank you...-BF
i just wanna say stay encouraged. you know you're safe, and i'm happy you're reacting to the tug at your heart strings :)
i love so much... everything about her is perf i want to be her, &its killing me that shes 45 mins away&i cant see her :'(
Looking forward to staying next week!
willow was screaming, making all kind of noises. I thought he seen a ghost
great. Sbux on us 1 here we come
This band sucks and is head lining?? And they make fun of the openers who are BRANDnew and don't suck...? Ps there are 12 people here..
Anyone? Need your best 1 or 2-word themes for developers to use in our programming contest. (e.g. batman, coffee, world domination)
I know you dont. Just don't ever spam him. He hayes it.
A librarian mom- no wonder you're so smart ;-)
Great! Looking fwd to hearing back. From the M Room show.
it kinda sold out in 10 minutes. :( and they arent sold out people are reselling them but for like $180.....
Congrats to Ms. Lee. MT : #WellsFargo's Northeast Pres Michelle Lee to be honored by #Newark School of the Arts 4/24 at
The amount of food in the crevices of my keyboard could beat up yours
Holy Saturday! :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME...
Watching 21 Jump Street :)
#LOTI (laughing on the inside)
Besides the animation blogs, I also like to visit design oriented sites to stay fresh. My latest favorite is What's yours?
had a lot of fun at workshop! i love your shirt so much! <U+2665>
I want to go back to sleep! Not coming to school until 2:20 gonna take a nap after the ap
sorry we'll tweet all activities
i L0VE MY DAUGHTER WiTH ALL 0F MY HEART!!! i AM DEFiNiTELY A
we lost a legend this morning condolence to her family RIP LIZ TAYLOR you will be missed
Happy Monday to and , nice to have our fearless leaders in the office today.
Come see our the art cow now outside of Mexic-Arte!
I'm so sick of people hating on Beyonce'. Get over it she's a mom and she's happy, when you gon realize nothing you say or do can F that up.
everyone calls me a teddy bear lol and you probly think im fat from teddy bear but no its just im funny cute and thts what
I Love You So Much ! <U+2665> , thanks for existing :D follow me please *-* :(
I just don't understand you at all sometimes .
Today's Soups: Country Vegetable & Cheezy Cauliflower
bountiful penis... amen
Watch the media go in on tebow.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
It's better to have loved and lost than to have to do forty pounds of laundry a week. Laurence J. Peter
"Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another"
Technology has made our lives so much better, but at the same time it's also a pain sometimes!
Apparently 4-slice toasters are in the $70 range.
u r so sweet deticating a song 2 ur mom & raising money 4 charity :D so adorable & amazing u r too cute mr. Bieber proud xoxo
Nice work man!!!
Scanner Monitor: House fire in Shenandoah.
When famous people follow me>>>
25 degrees and feels like 12....
I wish there was a time machine. Therefor I can travel back in time and make my wrongs right... but that's not gonna happen!
Mirage "Leap Year Sale!": Mirage "Leap Year Sale!" *For the extra day in 2012, we're giving you an amazing offer ...
awkward RT : some cross talk about Dubya during the Romney/Bush 41 photo op. Bush: "He hasn't endorsed you?" Romney: "Uh, no."
What a sad thing to (have to) say.
at this time only the Delta Sky Clubs offer free WiFi. But we're working on a plan to offer it soon throughout the airport.
What a brutal match!!!
will apply at end of semester! Any topics hot right now?
I'm starving. If only there were some #moonfruit in the house.
Life's good!!!!!! RT : We done made it! RT : Grind mode retweeted me! Lol
Investigation is over, heading home. Good times with and
There is a 0.0000000000001%chance that will follow me :( well a girl can dream xx please follow me today it would mean a lot xx
. "a lot of people think": weaselly. Call out race-baiting (or condone it & be judged); don't concern-troll.
thanks for the shoutout
fingers crossed for you!
Time for some soccer
Team field trip! RT : RT : Admission is #Free all day Thursday, May 3, thanks to
J.shore talks about "grenades" which is funny as hell but the fact is half of them r grenades themselves
I hope you think of me
To all my followers. And others. Follow me on Tumblr. Fun stuff coming. Really. I'm idlewild1914
Can't sleep. Sick insomnia is the worst. Save me, Nyquil. :(
& I are seeking Patent Barred attorneys for a project starting on Monday! Interested candidates should message me or Sara.
I'm from Chicago where we say "Pop" and not "Soda!!!"
Be grateful for whoever comes, because each guest has been sent as a guide from beyond. - Rumi
Congrats to my friends Jennifer Delia and Julie Pacino on their upcoming feature about the life of the late MARY PICKFORD!!!!
RT : I'm convinced the smallest people talk the most shxt
Have you ever tried to edit the source files on an iWeb website? Guaranteed most horrendous code you will ever see
Breitbart once told me and several hundred others to "go to hell", it looks like he beat me there.
starting marketing stuff for new company product line ... coming soon!
Was going to stay in but I think ill go out tonight now
PUCKING EWWWW! I JUST SWALLOWED THE BIGGEST LOOGIE! IM GONNA THROW UP!
Conceptual tabs and the ribbon are probably the most challenging training issues with Office 2010.
Keep Christ as the center of your life always!!
Oh, it definitely happened, soon to be online I'm sure...
RT : pic of the dress? (Can some1 help her out of pix of the boxers women? )
The ego always needs a title and fears losing. Sadly in the end loss is all there is. Be patient for life's rewards.
I just looked you up after hearing your AWESOME story on RISK! but your site troublenstrife isn't working?
lol thats the only lucky part about mono haha
send me your bon jovi production puns because i can only think of one! "i'm a lighting guy, on a steel truss i ride"
Ikr I am so happy
I been a spurs fan since '97
I can't to raise my own son ima be the best dad ever
My favorite part about taking Math 1330 is that there is no distinguishable difference from Math 1300.
#haters gonna hate.
omg whit "catching the ball" is my favorite part
me are u ?
pretty good.
Cant wait for the sl mesh imports..no more trying to map sculpties..no more terrible graphics
This is the first time i've seen the Spurs on TV all season, super excited for this game
I work with museums, and nonprofit performing arts orgs and theatres, but often times my essays could apply to individuals.
Well good luck and keep up the hard work hope you're well!
He said, "You're lawless." But I do have life rules! No cutting or killing myself & always use a condom. Other than that he's kinda correct.
THAT ACTUALLY FUCKING SCARED THE SHIT POUT OF ME
2012 films! #4. Election (1999). Great film! Very funny, Mathew Broddrick gives a very good performance.
has Tiger winning wire-to-wire. I'm not sold on that prediction.
I think there's a lot of merit to that idea. (How to actually implement it is another story.)
LePage to unemployed: Get off the couch and get a job. Unemployed to LePage: Sorry, sold the couch for some food!
Sit your five dollar ass down before I make some change.
#Celtics guard Ray Allen returned to the practice floor today and reportedly had "no issues." Huge news for Cs. Need him for next round.
Do you have quesadillas too? I'm on my way!!
how long till you're a blonde again?
More rumbling in NOLA NFL Suspends 4 players from the Saints! TG I can multi task fashion/football in one room!
I'll Have Another
Thanks for the insight on parents guys. Have you met she just posted a blog about children and concussions.
Well done improv: Loft @ IO West! Opening for my play: coming soon! New pics this wk! Can't wait! Such great new year! 2011's still rockin!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Those times where you lay in bed at night thinking about the past and what you should have done other than what you really did
lmfao very funny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> I miss you sissy!
Hm. Nurse a sore throat or go see Common at the W tonight?
On social issues, African Americans are quite conservative. Therefore, it can prove to be a HUGE issue.
On the Natl Mall, ready-ish for the #cherryblossom10miler. I only wish my being up this early were an #aprilfoolsday joke.
what I loved most about #Avengers : Scarlett's Black Widow was smokingly hot & dangerous, Nighthawk's crazy arrows & Loki's general evilness
I saw Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman in #Nola back-to-back nights, Shawshank sequel?
I've never been able to put together why I feel like I write more efficiently when listening to rap, but maybe it's the rhythm
can't tweet #yolo when asleep
We can't wait to be a part of this event!
ballet nazi... Indeed.
guess who this line for! All I eat is big sandwichs n bacon still aint get pulled over boy!!!!
yes I believe the math works out. . . 8loco haha
Please join our movement of making a musical difference #NotWrongJustDifferent #Autism lets fight for thier right
I just told Seb we almost had a hole in the ceiling, I jumped of the couch and scared the cat
Yes but only For 2Q March Results, Below on June Guidance RT Apple Beats Expectations
:-) sleep well!
definitely in full support of !
This looks great, Bob! Ordering copies for the office ASAP.
you can start with the one dan bought me! it's all yours!
I'm auditioning for the Phoenix Opera this Sunday. Oh yeah!
no not all of them, some of them my friends in Nashville wrote
..thx for all the coverage and for listening to the music. Ross.... Mwahaha
#Companioncare goes a long way toward providing an emotional bond which keeps loneliness at bay
Hello and Happy Sunday! Yes--I would love to sell books and totes at farmer's market. Maybe jewelry too?
#iThinkOfYou all time when im at work
#InterviewTip: Dress for the position you want even if it’s not the position you’re interviewing for.
#ImMiddleSchool We did not even have email let alone twitter. Cell phones were the size of small dogs.
stand out more from the background. Windwaker (zelda) is cell shaded. Devil May Cry is more outlandish stylized art.
the show is live right now
oh...k i think im not korean!hihi:b
1st Call Out Congrats!
Great win by the #RedSox! desperately needed pitching performance by Lester and the bullpen! Continue to build on that!
It's hard taking care of my weave, I need a new one!
Ok, responsiveness and media queries: let's do this.
as always, batting first in my heart... sigh. “: David Wright is starting at third base today and batting third!!”
Shout out to my friends at :
": Men are three times as bad at multitasking than women." I'm a great multitasker.
except for the 34-min TTE. But the rest was so amazing, it made up for it ;)
that how I feel bout females
Check Madadventures if you havent already.
i would love to be netflixing right now, but final paper's due tomorrow...
Thanks to everyone's encouraging words of wisdom, I have decided to pursue writing a petition for my judgmental school! :o How do I start.?
Too old to drink like I did last night. Today is a bitch lol
hey boo
Welcome to the Twitter page for Larry H. Miller Southwest Hyundai! Follow us for exclusive content about contests,deals, news and more!
wow the injuries have to be a deflating effect on R and clubhouse
Went to an estate sale over the weekend. 18,000 books and 10,000 records in a modest-sized home.
Can't attend the 2012 Celebration of Teaching and Learning? Follow the conversation w/
Be sure to send them the "13 useless majors" link & point out that arts AND journalism are on the list. bwahahaha
I don't think they died on purpose.
So is in NJ signing autographs at Toys 'R' us when I'm still in Florida .. he should come sign autographs in Sanford, Florida(;
Sound transit is totally messed up today. Late work and standing room only.
Can I get 2 more followers to follow please, she follow back,!
he oozes entitlement. You can tell he has been surrounded by wealth his whole life.
I'm sleepy otc . .
Waiting for reception shuttle!
that's how we do this! Goddamn right.
"We ape, we mimic, we mock. We act." Laurence Olivier
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Confucius
you need to do well on your boards so I can finally have someone to support my prescription drug addiction <U+2665>
bro i think everybody should see your tweets some times
rematch: next tuesday at the alley!
#happyhour starts in T minus 33mins!
Me 2! Smiles! xo RT : i LOVE that song! thank you SO much for sharing! :) hope you have a fabulous monday! xox
"Harry, Will you go to Prom w/me in 2013? Liam, will you follow please?" "Harry loves to make girls scream"
You guys act like you've never seen a squirrel before.
All this homework will be the death of me tonight.
Did my eyebrows. :)
“: There is a clear path from control to tyranny! Reminding me that the instinct to control others is the worst human quality.”
It was so refreshing to see something unique at the movies. Both stars were amazing. Funny and sweet. Plus Katie Nisa!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! And here's to many, many more!
Bowl painting tomorrow at Whole Foods downtown - $5/bowl - 10 a.m. until noon. See you there!!
. has stepped up their game. Luv the quick charge/ship from the store & bonus points. I've done it 5 times this wk. Fast Delivery.
Search Google trends & find a hot topic, create a fanpage with it and market relevant products = Cash
how do yk what seat u have for the concert?
couldn't be prouder of you <3
...I told you we are a family regardless. I love you so of course I love don Don and dj. Just need you to get better
Subaru of America, Inc. Reports Best April Sales In Company History
that's a
Thank you for all of the prayers/thoughts/good vibes regarding our mom & her surgery. It went well she's now hyped up on morphine :)
I totally need another way for my kids to hog the TV so I can't watch what I want
They can because they think they can.
I was having a discussion the other day. If you had a chance to live 10 years longer or $20,000,000 dollars which one would you choose?
There are moments when evil is under the thumb of good dominantly, but of course everything is in flux.
Two more days to win some shit.. Follow
Did you know more than 12,000 laptops go missing at US airports a week!
Tonight the face off against
history, English, PE, Maths, psychology, world history and some other boring stuff
Do you think that the power of tech start-ups can get the youth of America back on the right track?
Behind every favorite song there's a story...
Grats! That was an awesome article you wrote. :-)
Hahaha. That place is a sweatbox, barely bigger than Maroon Gym! Tradition, schmadition.
True, but I still can separate myself from the parka. Lol
Cart Blanche... You know what that means.
this night was absolutely amazing
ready for that dream chaser 2 mixtape
what kind of snake is that????
lol. Read to your womb in Spanish.
Two things we now know about Sacha Baron Cohen: he'll never win the Irving Thalberg Award, and he's on a North Korean death squad hit list
Follow me at AnneFOX59 for great stories on government corruption hidden camera investigations and everything for my pdx/wash friends miss u
Damn that's a scary ass word
In all honesty, he did pretty well! Give him and 8.
LOVED The Judds Premiere...Is it just me or does Naomi look like Latoya Jackson....
Rocking Chair & Ensure for him to drink instead of Gatorade
Getting ready for the Reimagining White Ethnicity conference.
Happy birthday little Jack!!! :)
14 miners rescued! Only 19 to go!
Having a meeting at and forgot they're serving lunch! What a great place.
Me and my mom are going to have an issue
bought a beer pong table
I look forward to seeing everyone on September 11th @ UDC Backus campus. It will be a great addition to Ward 5!
#lifeasadancer for me is traveling everywhere, but now I don't have that life anymore.
Dudes let's play show together u are awesome :) I still remember u guys on MySpace lol good luck at Chico tonight :)
I'm a liberal, baby.
childhood favorites (:
call me
No need to apologize
my question. why do like keek so much? Its like you're forgetting where you got started at
One can ask God anything. Talk to Him about all your stuff!
Don't forget to wear RED to the GPPCMA Chapter Meeting today - honoring AHA Go Red for Women Campaign
the jewel osco here surprisingly has restaurant quality sushi now o.O; dragon rolls and rainbow rolls!
my favorite part of this week's PMI was your opinion cORNER! haha
don't know yet but I got to go now. Bye
Because, I more love Ariana<3
prince i think im not sure, hey its worth some entertaining.
“: definite possibility!!! Nobody knows and the Schweeeeeny boy” thaaaamexxxxaaaacaannnn
OK I'll work on getting you guys passes
awesome! Thanks! Looking forward to it as well. Feel free to ask us anything here or by email mojobreak at gmail
I like the marshalls in those
Cmon mav card I need you to just work 9 more days!
Hats off to for moderating 90% of panels. Idea: bring in other journos to mix it up
if you are slow jamming 'Weinergate' with BDubs tonight, I will stay up to watch!
: Please please please follow me!!!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!! PLEASE <3 1
Only one fall today on the bike ride, not even one minute in. Those bike clips will getcha.
UL has expanded its capacity for photometric testing of lighting products.
Why, yes, I am friends with Stefanie Scott, even Carlon Jeffery, Aedin Mincks, Jake Short, Zach Steel, and Allie Deberry
aww damnn i missed it! thanks for letting me know tho (:
Uh....I'm at school right now but I totally would be up for it.:P damn you're down! lol
when are they coming?
It's #HAAM benefit day! Help support musicians. UB is a donating friend to
I don't need Television I kno what's goin on left & right from FB & Twitter .
miss u to my man. I agree let chill soon
BLT and Peach Tea
Tired Of being Played </3
OK, you threw in baby, we're good now.
how about highfives? Is that weird too?
Today's Lunch Feature: Pulled Pork Quesadilla w/ red onion, red peppers, cilantro, mozzarella Soups: Roasted Butternut Squash
In the last 4,000 years, no new animals have been domesticated.
If you want us to talk about a story on the podcast tonight, tweet us a link. #podcast #tech See you later for the show.
You really need to get out more
Great intro. You are becoming an expert in combining eloquence and efficiency
Practicing reading THE MAYHEM: ROAN'S STORY audiobook, which is surprisingly challenging--I've had to adapt a script of sorts!
It is scary the amount of ppl who believe they are free when they are not even close....
i thank/blame you for my new luv deluxe obsession
Fuck her and her mind games I dont play that shit games are for little kids aint lookin for a kid
is slightly more than completely overwhelmed by her to do list today and her deadlines to complete all line items (i.e. today).
#ThingsThatRemindMeOfGrandpa HAM radio, Crosswords, Roller Skates, Fish Fry Stands
Finally know where I'm working
Seriously! A handful of Queen covers goes a long way :)
I heard Joe Lunardi just say that and that is not right. If UK is #1 overall they should go to Atlanta
Reading "Is everyone hanging out without me?" by Mindy Kaling
A FUCKING ROACH CRAWLED UP ME OH MY FUCKING GOD I HATE SUMMER SO FUCKING MUCH
Light hail hitting the windows at the office in the FiDi this morning...but no sign of thunder! Stay dry, everyone!
Don't tell me your sorry, that means nothing you don't change.
awwwe your so sweet! i will always love you too(;
Boy You Gonna Love ,Everytime We Touch ,We Can Get It Poppin
Awesome! RT : Congrats (and !) for being named among most influential museum tweeters by !!
We're looking for another cool sponsor for on Wed nights. Mentions in Stranger, Social Media + give your product to winners!
Just bought my tickets for Opening Night of #BookofMormon Was it worth shelling out $400 on season tix just for 1 show? Hell yes!
Coaches come to see "Coach" Sat. night...#Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni, legendary NBA coach Frank Layden both expected tonight
Nobody ever follows me on instagram until I like one of there pictures
Whitening my teeth <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
just went and saw #fiveyearengagement, great movie! loved it!
Very excited about this week's care of historic scrapbooks class at the It's my 3rd class there, so I know it'll be good.
Morning... it's noon here.
Comics Dungeons is awesome! Let the awesomeness heal you! Also, albuterol helps if you're asthmatic.
I think that should text me or call so we hang out
Don't miss this.....Johnny is in the house today! Without question one of the best barbers in Downtown Seattle! Call 206/264-7901 .
if you really want to learn the nerd side of beer, go to Goose event Hollander tonight. Youll learn a ton from a very cool chick
yeah bra
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana drop the banana on 'em
About 70 percent of Americans who go to college do it just to make more money
SHOUTOUTZ FOLLOW HER
Heterophony separated by octaves is harder to pull off than the unison version. Some interesting possibilities though...
“Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience.” ~Jean-Paul Sartre
... it's a good thing your TV doesn't need gasoline !!!!
I wanna be in a relationship , but idk if I want to be in one w/ youu..
- in mammoth - just in case.
Skyrim, why must we be separated for so long? :/
Beach day in Malibu :)
Sent off a quick email yesterday.
Just barely hit 80 here today, and the neighbors are putting in a window AC unit. Dial it back, kids. It's gonna be a long summer.
I agree with that. Are there any other Gasol's that the Nuggets can get a hold of?
hopefully we'll see a heavy dose of isaiah, since he's about the only one athletic enough to stay in front of
in science with
What's the turnaround to get business cards? Im in Vegas.
Yay for Sunday Night Bingo at The Standard Hotel!!! Got our lucky elephants...
really great time at prayer gathering tonight. so powerful.
Moyer gets out of the fifth with 6-3 lead, he now qualifies...
4 day weekend comin up for me !
Best panelist at the #thinkbusmedia event - Daimon Caulk, - really understands how to tie social media to business
Returning the CTS-V coupe was tough. It's an amazing car. Don't think I'll ever own 1, but it's great driving experience.
I look ICY in these commercials.
BA is excited to have all 3 of you, and come enjoy San Diego with us! :)
also. Just read your twitter profile and I officially miss you ho! Get down here with that other ho
More important...who would you like to face? Looking footward to it. Good luck.
check out if anyone you know wants to win passes!
I just need a boy to watch the Breakfast Club with me. That is my favorite movie of all time. PLS
same school
I've decided has the most wonderful songs in the whole world (: Other than of course ;D
I knew last week he was not in the final mix.
Just finished "The Reeducation of Cherry Truong" by LOVED it! cc:
Whats so good about twitter
In order to experience happiness you have to experience pain first
The priest just told Milady that everyone in the family is loco.
One day will notice me and tweet me, I hope that day will be September 20. My b-day and #CoasttoCoastEP release date. 143 Cody
Anyone know 50-60 people on bicycles are weaving in and out of Strip traffic? might want to speak to ones shooting fireworks in air.
I was a French Press partisan. And then I tried the aeropress. Nowhere near as cool looking, but damn, that's good coffee.
no you don't.
He's puerto rican Lynch
we at home.. Fasho we got this one
Can't help but smile.
lol I'm sure you will do a good job
The Rapture of the Silents
Couple more minutes......
Thanks ! Dude, I think we totally need to catch up sometime soon. I feel like I've been remiss.
If you need a example on how to live then you just should have not been born -Lil Wayne
#nowplaying Swedish House Mafia - so aggressive yet necessary on this fine #Coachella morning!
PEACE DAY 2011 Saturday, May 14, 2011 Take your family out for a day full of fun, prizes and FOOD...for FREE!!! The WHOLE family...FREE!!!
how's the green movement goin in your house
Softball banquet in a while with my girls!:)
If you feel good you will think positive thoughts.
Wow some bitch just hit our car
Morning World.
Whitney here's hoping you find more peace in the next life..
Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow ye diet. William Gilmore Beymer
um can someone get me to like 500 followers by mentioning me... I'll mention you back. !
I hate being #2 this shit gots to change
Being a truck driver is just like going off to college....u come home every once in a while
RT : Never underestimate how far your passion can take you.
All men are prepared to accomplish the incredible if their ideals are threatened. - Maya Angelou
DeMaio sold that consulting business, using the proceeds to get a government job, which he's trying to parlay into ANOTHER government job.
If you hesitate to feel if a status is appropriate, it's probably not. YOU are your business.
for sure brothaa
It was nice to meet you in the elevator! hope the rest of TCAF goes well for you!
Can't wait to see! “: Embellishments: Constructing Victorian Detail opens Sept.14 #UNH "
does it mean that it will be on in 40 minutes???
#SR3 i just activated co-op, on PS3 how do I get my copy of the Saints Row 2?
The hardest thing in life is watching someone you love with someone else…
Pounding a Slurpee and hoping for a second wind.
isn't there some saying ... mail me once, shame on you, mail me twice, shame on me, mail me three times and YOU'RE A PEST?
#FemaleSexComplaints don't put all your weight on me!
#ooooooohhhhhh. is a scrub
Thank you Steve for a great review!
Two come from our house!
Steph: "What if during OT, each team sent out one player to play HORSE"
chicos house of jazz, after hours 21+ party at boozle, TRS is playing but i didn't tell you, lol!
Just 2 more hours of this hell hole job!! Ready to go.!
Two With Water Rx Reading Series tonight. Transistor, 5045 N. Clark, 8 PM. With theater kids Billy Goat Experiment. $5 suggested and BYOB!
Hello Twitterworld! Join today as we promote our #Quechua course offerings for #fallquater2011 !!! PAGE HALL RM 010!!!
One week to get to $4,000. You can do it! Donate now! Spread the word.
I teach ages 14 thru 18 and they are all using #ebooks for personal reading. The only non #ebooks they read are for classes.
Hope your friend reads this
I believe this is why Megan turns to chocolate so often. ;)
When you fall you have to get right back up and try not to trip over the samething again.
#worldfesthouston. Let the fun begin!
stoked, can't wait to see what you guys come up with
This. No fucking way can that happen. RT I swear I will switch teams RT : I heard d wade will b mav
Just finished my GSS post for this week! Make sure you check out my post on Thursday for Groom Sold Separately!
So why did they take Christ out of Christmas?
Heading to clubs tonight in Atlanta
no looool I know its weird but I was like ow she so cute and ur hair is gorgeous!
I just turned 27 on tues. As a musician, statistically I should be dead by now. ;)
can only Tweet after 3:30. He is forming the leaders of tomorrow.
Free New Belgium Dig Pale Ale from 6-8pm tonight! RT to share the love with your friends!
Pun intended, right? :)
Bring me the horizon station on pandora. >>>>>>>>>
Its hard to say who is real, harder to say who isnt. Since I dont know the difference I come off as distant. People take it as your dissin
awesome wanna DR?
I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. That's only because I care.
This was AFTER putting a kid to bed and walking my dog. Livin the dream. Biopic coming soon.
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I used to watch Disney channel , Nickelodeon, cartoon network on the daily basis
It's exhausting having to correct people (reporters) who pretend Prop B is about existing liabilities. It's a lie.
Congrats on ur #Chiefs knocking off the Pack! Somewhere Mercury Morris is popping a bottle of Champagne.
Hate Mornings!
lls,, for no reason though.
Pretty cool to see Kevin Love and Luke Ridnour playing so in sync together tonight.
Before you can change your thoughts, you have to know what they are.
Kandi is right...Nene is a hypocrite
Chef Brian with Blue Moon Cafe sets up for cooking at the market 9& 10. Today is Summer time fresh.
CRASH: Megler Bridge closed in both directions in Astoria
RT : Check NYT homepage for Tweeted reactions to #stevejobs and #stevejobslegacy, and contribute your thoughts and memories
Danielle stop talking to this mutha fucker trash bag wanna be
Swift and Mackey are 10 minutes away from altering the future of NLT forever... (John had to work).
I love how they have to tell everyone what it means at the bottom. Lol
Watching Season 3 of Weeds w/DH last night and I said "that sounds like " during the opening theme! Wow, I was right :)
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Every Body follow >>
Almost at my 2000 tweet>>>
is our favorite ham connoisseur! Thanks for the mention!
“: What was the game break of the game that the Lakers let go though?” <<Tipoff
nice one rocks (:
where's that?
Today has been the best day I've had in a while. Here's hoping tomorrow can be even better.
Is "Dame" a term of endearment?
thank you & great meeting you in person!
smart son u have!
#Airtran holds flight to PGH for Dr who saved a life and needs to get back for surgery We'll throw in dinner for dr
My scanner and I now have bond. I call her Judith. #itmightbelove :)
i live in #Cebu City
This is where the men are separated from the deities.
We have our Camera package, Crane & Dolly, talent, a most of our locations. Just need two more riders and one location to make
thanks for doing our menu. Can't wait to see the layout.
Walking into a virgins concert was the best surprise
i dont understand why they HATE him so much...
I'm happy I saw today! I love her!
ohh well I hate basketball so that's why d;
Seconded RT : happy bday to my favorite spot to relax & eat my favorite sandwich in rva!!
I had to buy a hat to protect myself. How was Toronto?
Kevin Harlan, a Wisconsin guy, calling the game in Tucson. That's a good sign
your plan for today sounds like a god idea just FUDGE. Sorry to hear about the little one. Hope all is well soon.
this is really cool
Huge party tonight with and the legend LIVE on the drums. Come early or get a table to ensure entry!
Gregory is a great fit, probably the next Ed Reed. Don't you EVER doubt Belichick's defensive moves. EVER
Gettin ready to smoke this blunt on the lawn!
got a question - can u text me
thanks 4 follow babe much love from vegas
Ahh, fuck it. Let's just struggle against everything.
A Labor Day Gift for you... Check the info tab for a promo code that gets you $10 off tickets to this year's Gourmet experience!
LMAO. Some black lady walked in at the best time, she goes "why the fuck does it smell like someone smokin' weed up in hurr"
We now have 20 states and dozens of cities that want to start #WeveGotTimetoHelp chapters! Absolutely incredible!! You are changing lives!
ha.. Just stroking his ego!
all good. Gonna hit it up again this weekend. Yall come out.
I got doodoo face
I know right? D: I love the way skinny legs look in shorts, I'm so jealous.
Another goal: Work to reduce Hawaii’s dependence on expensive, imported fossil fuels.
Oh man... starting to really feel the burn to get a Blu-ray player.
Saw today that one of the first events for #PCBW has hosting a tasting and tapping KBS and Better Half.
Nice. What do you think of AQUATIC and LIMITED? Bad or mediocre?
I take it You weren't feelin the jointz, that's ku Jus let me know something..
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today. James Dean
I'd rather send Brad Little to visit the CEO of Southwest Airlines than to China to sell hay.
I come home to check on my mother but right now I am always on the road so I can take care of her
be ready they could be coming back .. Especially Colton !
not me
what have yougot to lose. follow me.
At times when you innovate, you make mistakes. It's best to admit them quickly, and get on with enhancing your other innovations.
I still have never seen the whole thing.
If you need to decrease the font size on your resume, don't. 1) Remove text or 2) increase page length. Preferably 1.
Luvin the overcast weather in Denver this morning:)
. announce team captain Ryan Callahan has been named winner of 2011-12 Steven McDonald Extra Effort Award
<dope post a link when you can
Agreed. Rid of Me will always be among of personal top 5.
well he's going home to France for the holidays, and New York is on the way.
*Family. Sorry cute italian boys </3 ~Devin.Anne<3
on a similar but completely unrelated note..OK actually just completely unrelated-champagne mangoes are AMAZING! mango whore, right here.
where is it this month?
Don't forget Deadline: May 14th to sign up for THE PUBLIC THEATRE Casting Director Heidi Griffiths Workshop next week.
In music finally playing y saxophone again!!!
I love you bed.
Lori stood up for Marriage Equality in the CA Legislature and she stands w/ Pres. Obama in supporting marriage equality for all
back to work to find some Sr. Web Producers
I would want to!
The EmphaticNYC team would like to wish our everyone a very #MerryChristmas & #HappyHolidays! Thanks for making us shine this year! we <3 u!
have you started booking house shows yet ? i know i saw that someone has one already.
Great article, thanks for sharing!
Big win for the blue devils!
the paper castle charity event at the W Hotel June 3 8p
Nothing against her, but I'm not that excited for Demi to be on X Factor. I'm certainly not looking forward to Britney...
"the only winning move is not to play" - shut up, hippie computer.
did you learn nothing from the blog!?!
Some lecture-books: Umberto Eco's "Confessions of a Young Novelist," Nicolas Barker's "A Potencie of Life"
is it just me or do you have your own fans and yes i am eating a sandwich
I'll check it out later. Sounds neat.
Reminder: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features a SENTIENT COMPUTER.
do you bite your fumb at me?
you'll always see me at my best even when I'm at my worst because my attitude is right. I'm positive for making ppl glow :)
Who has FREEDOM in Jesus in this place?!
I can't wait to see my #Nuggets rock the #Lakers!!! #BeatLA let's take this series!!!!
#Caps are getting outskated and outclassed here in the 2nd period. #NYR all over the puck and offensive zone.
Amy Winehouse is being compared to legends like Jimi Hendrix and Kurt Cobain. Really think about exploring that route, Kesha. Everybody wins
actors who work hard, but no one appreciates their work enough to watch, so their shows get cancelled must feel like, I dunno, librarians?
thanks so much Camilla!! :D
A sense of shame & a fear of getting caught as necessary emotions for Congress, via Mike Klein at
follow back. :p
FASHION INSIDE OUT EVENT MARCH 14TH: Get $10 off your ticket! Enjoy a night of fashion at its finest as apart of Midwest Fashion Week.
At the Cowboys game and going to try and will the Cowboys to victory.
In Orlando until Feb 24. Email to schedule initial consultation or coaching sessions.
#cfaleadercast "Leaders empower themselves and others to make good choices." Sheena Iyengar
I don't understand the "Tonian" but I heartily return the greeting. :)
hi makenzie! So great to know you and is here! :)
Barbosa should have passed the ball way earlier. Would have been easy deuce.
she prob. lets her dog go right in front of little kids selling lemonade by their house so it fucks up their business. classless
Writin lyrics at lifetime!
Don't take 3's when your behind with allot of time that's a wasted possesion . ATTACK THE BASKET!!!!
I expected this.
Rt You might be a jerk if...you openly walk around the office asking people to join the football pool & ignore all the girls
There comes a time in your life, when you must walk away from all the drama and people who thrive on it
I think I wrote the most "mentoring review" I ever wrote.
The bigger question is what did you use for dipping?
Carlos Marmol is the defintion of enigma. Work your magic Theo.
Wishing I was getting my haircut! Heading up to LA for New Years!
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3
Not too much to do trolls? #wiunion must be enjoying the day.
Thom Collins discusses experiences of museum censorship when LGBTQ themes are involved.
good luck!
ready for some 2.50 pitchers
Love center for First Year Experience !
About a half-an-hour away!
hannah stanley your badass
I say really stupid/retarded things after 2am.
Cameras and photos allowed today/tomorrow. Once competition starts (Thurs-Sun), no cameras on site and no photos period.
Yes, I have been off for a while but on FB with allergy forum for help w J. I miss tweeting !!
im allisah anderson. ;)
Sometimes i just feel like nobody wants me to be happy :/
This is going to be a long day.
you and me both
Thanks! MT : Just finished rotating in FederalRegister .gov's new app servers running Ubuntu 11 and a faster Ruby stack...
The weight room is beginning to become one of my favorite places.
travis barker
Oh Dennis Kucinich, you little bugger.
I think I'll start a trend of learning a new word each day - today's word: reticent (adj) - discinclined to speak out; quiet
You made a fantasy owner very happy with your performance last week...unfortunately that owner was not me :(
I've got #NBAPlayoff envy. I hope it's a classic.
I feel the same about English professors...
Watching this guy scream at this girl, I'm guessing is his girlfriend. If he hits her, that's it. I'm going over there.
Rainy Saturday morning lie-in.
in Memphis tonight & at the same damn time
Let's go to a titty bar or Hooka bar tonight!
: Ghetto Word Of The Day: Window: "Imma pay my baby mamma her child support. I just don’t know window!"
Funky music. ^_^
#Respect. 2 legends of 2 different eras chopping it up! Hope you guys get in the studio soon.
Its okay haha. I live in a small town.
We just tapped the Bluepoint Toasted Lager! Come enjoy.
I have an idea, if you're a Democrat, maybe you should be on board with a map that will significantly help your own party!
Ending a very successful day and hoping you allow us to blow your hair dry tomorrow. What a treat for you!
He could've done coffee: 'Nothing's hotter than coffee'
That makes sense, as I believe that I work across the street from
everyone check out Marie GC pin up girl calendar. W.mariegc.com
Eating ice cream and watching a movie with my big bro :)
oh ok lol but yeah ibe closing all the time idont like workin mornings
why is Gasol missing so many shots???!
Nothing like a pedicure with moms where the topic of discussion is her asking me "what a Molly is"
my band is piled in the van headed out of Atl for an all night drive listening to missing at powwow:(
hurray for Harry Potter at Midnight today! :D Boo for the end of childhood :(
Thank you to the pediatric department at LBJ Hospital in #Houston for making literacy promotion a priority!
Had so much fun at
can you follow me please ?
Nobody owns that trademark, and you can't copyright a phrase like that. You are in the clear :)
Is this a sick joke?! 3 trains in a row???!! If I'm late to work I'm clearly blaming it on csx
The word casual never makes me think of intense emotion, electric connection and a loss of control.
Why is it everything I want I can't have&everything I settle for doesn't work!
Im good. Bout head back down bottom fa a few days. Jus checkin on u babe.
have not had that issue...then do try twicca
Got fingered by a feisty pedestrian while driving yesterday, and by an abundant motorist in an Escalade today while walking.
Geeks who Drink Trivia starts tonight!!! Come in and win some drinks and prizes!! All the fun starts at 8 pm!! See ya then!!
So fucking sick of your shit.
follow please love U so much ! :D
“: awesome story tonight! Thanks Joe for making that boys dream come true. #amazingnewscast” thnx!
Awesome supporters!
Having the worst OBP in the AL is pretty bad too.
Let the bulls fan Talk all that Shit We have like had 4 Players that got injured & are out for the season & were not complaing
I thought i was fucked up w/o the new Js till i met somebody with no feet
Gotcha! Yes- very well deserved! Not that you're not doing a great job Charlie!
Blehh!! :) RT It's that kind of day, I'm afraid.
positive energy grows positive results...
Prosecutor Kristina Barclay places "voluminous exhibits" on the witness stand for Roller.
needs more January Jones, also.
If she is on games and picks her stupid ass friends before you
Gettin down with the Metro Park Mixshow...It's a party in here...Holla
That Awkward Moment When: Someone Says Awkward!
maybe what i said was not what you thought i meant to say
Nyjer is an idiot.
but he spit in da c-c-coola
I feel like tomorrows gonna be a no makeup day
Please do not subtweet me talking shit. That is all
Our Banana Pudding Milkshake is coming back in exactly 1 month! The countdown has begun...
// And instead of helping, you're taking pictures. Haha!
bought a new pair of TOMS today : )
haha which one did you have today?
joy formidable just dropped the hammer!
This is just a random tweet because I am bored. I love you. :)
Show announcement at midnight. This is seriously one of the best bands in music - worldwide - period. Check back, you'll want to see.
why dont *you* get off and go mow the grass? :)
I don't know what's more pathetic, the people that start rumors about others, or the people who believe them.
Thanks 4 the RT! We must share information & alert ppl about a high level of radioactivity in the Sates caused by Fukushima!
Hah. If I told you 29x32, would you want to set me on fire?
Happy Earth Day!
no some1 else
This puts me in a perfect position for making dreams a reality.
you bite me and i bite back and call it love
yeah bro :/ text me if you wanna
You kissd the lips of evil, two months it all the same. You begged for this man's approval, like all the rest you'll die in vain!!!!
That's right volunteerism saves millions to city and guarantees transparency. :-)
Welcome and good morning to Buddhi and Amber! Thanks for your support!
Now your heartbroken, tears in ya face.
I thought Craigslist WAS itself a circle of Hell. BTW, wanna buy a bike?
Unholy something's on fire
I feel kind of dumb putting all this on twitter but I've never even got to discus any of this before.
Q8. If you owned Twitter, what changes would you make?
Can't Wait till June, Paraguay here I come
I wonder if would bless me with a hook for this track.....
hehehe is incredible wuau is only only awesome , lie is awesome yes gaga upload to youtube please
Even though he should win, by stating support for #marriage rights for all #Obama protects his legacy if he loses. discuss
All the women watching #Scandal on my TL sound like black folk yellin at the movie screen at the theatre.
#20thingsaboutme 4. i love to draw
So it's looking like I'll be joining in Indonesia for a week this June. Anybody have any bike rental recommendations?
Didnt your mother every teach you not to stare???
Apparently, Delmon Young is a bad person.
Blasted "Sabotage" on my way off campus tonight, but did not try to get the focus airborne on that hill at Coit and Cambell
These are often ur campus leaders and very intelligent individuals who mistakenly twist these processes.
Woah! Blast from the past! Hi!
in ma pants
We will miss you!
Halfway there - having lunch of Quinoa in Centralia, WA.
Let's get ready to be opinionated, everybody!
Mr.Thunder6+Octave voice=Singing any musical key of notes in6places fluidly.4any M/F2achieve this u need2hav similar chemistry&practice alot
I told all college coaches Alemany's Marqueze Coleman was a High Major too late now Nevada got a steal.
RT : "averaging" is half the problem. 20% of kids need 2 reduce calorie intake by 1000;64 cals/ day won't change anything
I'm not there yet
- how much it's gon run to get you on a tracc bra
Hello Metroplex !This is Mexico's Independence Week and Mambocafe Dallas will be celebrating it Thursday ,Friday and Saturday. VIVA MEXICO
Are we do a Big Timer Jersey Shore episode and no one told me?
nawllll but a yo son called from a 773-787-8628 in where u at
Depends what kind of fish, fried fish can be good, maybe not good for you
Pechakucha night at the Mekons show. No, really. Somebody in the crowd shouted "more slides!"
Different day but for us it's just the same shit
(new) Announcement in Houston airport - reminding us that "any inappropriate remarks or jokes regarding security may result in [our] arrest"
Momma, I understand why you're mad and I know it's hard to accept who I am and how I live..
Congratulations to the winners of our Ultimate Sweepstakes!
The art museum will be hosting a "Cars in the park" event in the park blocks every weekend during the summer exhibit.
thanks bro, im kicking my butt
Inaudible phone calls are guaranteed to be deleted. When leaving a message for a reporter, talk slowly and be understandable.
hm. i might slip martha a few quid and ask her to do one
well..u know how it is. sleeping at night is better than ever
#homeschooled kids were always the strangest when reintroduced in the public system
Welcome back to Chicago ! We have missed you guys!
When did PITT become a basketball school??????
Yep, the start of their yearly #epicfail aka the draft RT : Did the #browns give up to much for the number three pick?
That would be great
how much does it cost to book Austin for a party?
There is a cute one working out next to me. I'll send him over. Lol
“: #aspie#autism-FAQS MUST I SIGN AN IEP I DON'T AGREE WITH? no, in certain towns you can set in on fire”
It was posted on the Source apparently. I'm not sure that counts as staff communication
Please tell me he had a golf bag that played Journey songs
Everyone loves happy hour...how about SUSHI HAPPY HOUR!?! 1/2 price sushi 4-6pm Hurry it starts soon!!
Genius! RT : I sent my hologram into work for me today, and so far, nobody has noticed.
Can Amare win a ring before he talks RT Is Amare Stoudemire out of line for calling Pau Gasol "soft"?
thats weak smh.. you should be fine if your recs clean tho.. theyll likely dismiss it on spot
hey girly how you been?
thanks for the follow :)
thanks so much for the shout out!!
Vegas baby! Can't wait to see you! I can't stop listening to your cd "This Way Up!" Come do a show for us in NY!
still so happy about last night game. let's keep it up boys!
Today's imminent threat: Spanish quiz on chapter 6
i order the whole universe on my subway sandwich. #carlproblems .
Waking up because construction is shaking my entire house. At least it's better than an alarm clock
A camera's aperture controls *how much* light hits the camera's imaging sensor, while its shutter speed controls *how long* light comes in.
#Recognize RT We are going to be playing a FREE secret SHOW in Hollywood, CA this THURSDAY @ 6PM. Stay tuned for details
Nori is this years version of Kotsay. Fill in where needed in LF and RF. Occasional pinch hit.
We may never see the roof opened at Marlins park until 2013.
I need to iron this shirt.....,..BUT IDK HOW
A Lotta you dudes should enter the #wnbadraft #
Guess I'm bout to hit that pole lol
Hi...I forgot I added you on here too. Pretend The lewinning messages came from the DJ.....But I doubt you can
it takes forever!
AG - thank you for the kind words. Proud of what the team accomplished.
Wish Madonna had been inspired by Prince's performance a few years ago. Besides lipsynching, it looked like she was thinking the whole time.
: yikes. Well the only remedy I have left is inviting you to "Wednesday Orientation." That always does it for me.
I love spicy garlic sauce so much I could literally drink a bottle everyday!!
it could be worse you could have stepped in poo or had 8 goals scored on you. Both r equally bad
I'm hanging on for dear life this last week of school -.-
God I'm gonna start crying. I'm seriously going to miss these seniors so much.
Watch me tonight on the ABC affiliate WPBF West Palm Beach channel 25 at 5pm & 6pm. I will also be on Miami's Fox affiliate WSVN Channel 7
Peace out Lubbz
Happy Monday Ayla fans!
Here's a. Blond joke... A smart blonde and a dumb blonde both jump off a cliff at the same time. Who lands first? Read my next tweet! :)
#TomBrady is putting on a TD pass clinic with 6 tying an #nflplayoffs record.
tone of voice?
I decided since my final paper for tech writing is about twitter I might as well get back on.
HAHAHAHAHAHA MY MOM ASKED ME IF was bypolar i said no thts just his FRAND personality X)
RT : : Join us for Happy Hour Thursday & Friday 3-7pm in our lounge FREE BUFFET!!!!
Landed! Feeling good. Feeling French. Just waiting for my "bah-GAHJ."
Woot! Got my new phone and it works great!(:
First song of the album is MIXED. On to #2!
Getting ready to watch the start of the 2012 motocross season
Such a great weekend with fam n friends finally home to relax ! W
I certainly hope not, but kids these days...
Don't feel bad for me Kiva! It's not your fault, technical problems come along. I'm sorry for you having to deal with it.
Just Downloaded the Alexa Tool bar for Firefox. Great SEO Tool.
Writing info on a white board and really wish I had the following options: copy/paste & undo!
I got so much swag its crazy man lmfao : lmaoooo u so silly cuzo had me crying tears dude"
I went to my nieces 3rd birthday party today. She looked at me and went "Where's biebers?" we both love you<U+2665>
Will we be seeing you at the Wx Committee Meeting @ 2:15pm?
Happy Mother's Day! Mom's are the best!
wait wait wait. You never said THIS was an option.... Seattle is looking mighty fine now.....
Curation can be as simple as your friends sharing photos, says RT
Always a party at the Kilt! RT : Victory party continues Tonight!!
Appreciate that!
nice meeting you guys!!
Where's the love for Detroit? We'd love to talk with you about and
I SEEN THIS GUY COMIN OUT OF HOBBY LOBBY ..HE SAID FLOWERS R MY SPECIALITY....HIS NAME IS DAISY..
Murphy's is better, especially in the nitro can or on tap.
keep on rockin' Ted
In the one reality, the only time on the clock is now.
The Sass Pistols
I believe Brown was making a smart play. He could have grabbed it with foot out of bounds. Ball on 40.
Happy Friday everyone! Have a fun and safe Halloween weekend!
#brettbielema is a terrible clock manager
I emailed you a jpeg of the Migne
Florida sucking up the sun!! 90 degree!! Now
Working on a lab write up with :D
Is anyone awake? Lol, my timeline is so dead.
Thanks! I hope my post on getting started in digital humanities is useful.
follow back...
I'm in serious need of an herbalist in my new neighborhood
Happy St. Valentine's Day everybody.
awwrhh were growing with you know there off proud mahomie how far you've come..<3
lol agreed! And it shocked me because the driver was dressed like a pin-up girl, then had the nerve to care about an ID lol!
I swear Gingrich just likes to rewrite history so it benefits him, even when we know he's wrong. I don't believe a word he says.
I wanna get a tattoo up there . . . but no money for one :(
omg that is so funny! We were so mean! I haven't seen you in forever, How are you?!
Pocket ReTweeted... That was new.
OpenLayers can be embedded a lot like Google maps, though its a little different. Has good documentation and more open licensing.
had a BLAST at SRQ's smokin' HOT new club, the LOFT!! Stoked that we got to see and hear DJ SinnaG
not immature! I think about it errday of my life.
Cookies and milk, chillin, pizza party I love chemistry
I'm just now getting to wear mine again after having one cut my eye. Have been wearing glasses for about the last 5 or 6 days.
Why am I so bad at grasping instagram? Just realized you can add filters to pics already taken.... This changes everything. For the better.
Counting down to today's #DETROPIA premiere ! A big day ahead for
Clothes clothes clothes -- new vendor just arrived with gorgeous slightly used clothes for women from just $1 per item!
so exited about fun project with and chef
yeahh I used to do that .. but its disrespectful though
Why would the #NFL put the #Packers and #Bears on at 315? The anticipation is killing me!
Cathy thank you so much for the opportunity to earn your business! Looking forward to working with you! Thanks again!
#FF my blog contributors Keep those awesome posts/reviews coming guys! :D
I feel very confident making that assumption. Sugar coating it (like they did with Britney Murphy) only mutes the message.
lol i feel it. Maybe soon but I don't have shit right now.
Driver crashes into a flower shop after hitting several parked cars and hitting a killing a pedestrian. Police investigating:...
Really don't want to go to work
FSU <3 #fayetteville bound for college
RT Relaborate finishes in top 5 First Look Forum. Congrats to winner Mountain Logic. Very cool product.
its co ma nigga. :D ayy well good night heidy :) Sweet Dreams Snika Bah ;) lol bye see ya tomorrow good luck on your test<3
The Moon is always there. It was such a great sight to see.
Enjoying elk burger and son at Local Burger in Lawrence. Not necessarially in that order.
Friday Special: pan-seared, scallop mousseline-stuffed sole filet served atop wild mushroom risotto & asparagus w/ a hazelnut orange...
"last night got the best of me..."
So insane. New definition of breakin' a sweat. Shiiiiit.
hey George, do u print tshirts?
Get Groupon for Mobile- savings on the go!
Congrats to for earning doctoral degree in organizational learning and leadership from Barry U!
hey girl! I membaaaa you! It's been going fantastic! How are you doing?
In school!!! Mondays r boring
WMYB is on my radio right!!!
& Day at lineup of yummy beers to taste.You say 'Why?', I say you're crazy for debating..
Had a gr8 dinner with a friend from #Knoxville who asked my son what was the 1st protest he remembers attending and it was with Sweet!
Cause you've been hurt before, i can see it in your eyes. You try to smile it away, some things you can't disguise.
best thing since twinkle fingers?
Beard is beautiful.
RT Warner Communications paid $28 mil for the copyright to 'Happy Birthday'. Some songs should be unencumbered!
i got a lot of livin to do before i die an i aint got time to waste... lets make it
Just rearranged my room and now me and nalah have more space for activities!!
If Rush took birth control, he'd be less hormonal. Too bad his pill planner's full to the brim w/ oxytocin & viagra.
Axford could not extend the streak to 50 games. But his 49 straight is the fourth longest in MLB history.
A.J. What a stud! Leggo
Thank you, Mr. President for saying NO to KXL.
Invite Ray Fosse and Bo Belinsky!
Loved 's last point about bringing the virtual space back into the physical space.
Tonight at #SEMF2012 is going to be bonkers w and and nearly a dozen more artists! Come thru!
At this point, how many MWC teams do you see making the tournament? Believe it can be more than UNLV, SDSU and NM?
haha don't talk about Daniela like that xD! Ratchet is a hilarious word >_< haha
LOL!!! I don't think I'd get this bank.
Discovered after a bad run in with Great pizza and wings! I am an instant fan! YUM Goodbye terrible customer service!
MT : Dong & Davis have been digitizing the [VA] Central State [Mental] Hospital records since 2010. Amazing project.
Today officially starts vacation!! Time to have fun!! Any ideas for what i should do over the next 11 days?!
Don't think cuz u read a couple of books you know what you're doing. It's all in how you apply the knowledge!
Short sucks :( I can get tickled so easily (x
Greatest of all time! :-D RT:“: I love Eminem .”
yeap have to talk more since I actually see you waiting at the car all the time on my way home xD x
Dear Spencer, please stop saying "so" as much as you do. Thanks, Everyone.
We're having BOGO special so you can BOTH come in & relax with a great deal! Your backs will thank you. :)
Word! You know it! RT : RT : Retweet this post if you ate a healthy food today! --> We did!
Thanks! Great site by the way -- I just bookmarked it.
you're a good few years younger than me and have accomplished a lot more.
wishes she was with at the taste of chicago! Sry we don't have better weather for ya!
Wait a second... What time and day is it on the north/south pole? Can you run in a circle to travel through time?
You and me both. I mean, not the dress, the unbrokified part...
for a loan? we can refer you and save you some money on closing costs if you want
I can now count my number of NYU dance days on one hand. So crazy. Let's do this :)
Cultural Center Cafe opens at 8am. Today's special 2eggs, corned beef and toast $3.45 eat in or carry out.
Whatever happened to Rich Boy?
happy mini-cinco-graduation-derby day. someone get me a margarita mint julep w/ a tassel and call it "the finish line."
Why don't you come to for drinks and a bite! I think the "Death After Dark" cocktail is perfect for you!
Well back home sisi had such a good day at school, n i felt good health wise thank u jesus for this day...let se whts next o ya diner spaget
that's a great notorious BIG lyric.
"Here at we like to focus on our internal processes vs. customer experience. It really pay's off." Said no one ever at Apple.
Someone needs to write about ethanol for this blog carnival.
Thank God it's Friday..Look Out Weekend-Here We Come!!:)
Living by example is the best leadership without persuasion or coercion.
which label and what 2 is it down to?
Dinner with people I love <U+263A>
Woke up at 2am thinking about packing. Got up at 3am to sort, toss, make lists, back up my computer. So quiet at 3am.
home in less than a week!
On the hunt for a music producer !!!
so excited that Tycho () is coming to campus for #CultureShock2012!!!
thanks for the mention! We actually did meet several SXSWs ago. I was hangin with the folks.
Fuck im So fucked this morning
Gamestop?! I thought you got a new job?
I'm eating dinner in front of the TV,I look out the window, and a car is just sitting there in the middle of the road next to my house? uh
you make me jealous!
Off to the best buy in nyc...playing a show..then....CHINA TOWN...best part of the day ;)
They played zero games at this #Graduation performance
you watch your language
#FF my fellow Shawn Kemp's Kids
Had a great family weekend. :)
PLEASE FOLLOW MEE :-\
Please follow me!!<3
Thank you God. I'm not ready yet to fill those shoes.
are you a Nebraskan?! I grew up in Omaha & people think I'm nuts. Forcing my coworkers to celebrate today :)
Covered in Dunn Edwards paint. Calling it a day and headed home to the shower.
Hey web dev ppl - I have 2 ?'s. One is about WordPress directories and one is about a .htc ie png fix file. Anyone want to help me pls? :)
and youu have a great Tuesday ;)
Thanks god its Friday! Beautiful day in NY and Party Tonight ! WMC feels so close!
Doing well. can't complain... I just went out and got a few of your products...
I'm glad the demon dogs from Ghostbusters got another job in Hunger Games. They've been out of work a long time.
ACRL Futures Thinking: so far the call is no job for me in 20 years.
Thank you, thank you!!!
I guess I can forgive you! :)
lol this band is pretty suicidal (: hahaz im listening to Hollywood Undead
LET'S GO RANGERS!!!
Thanks for the RT! Time flies...and shows get sold out ):
According to , I'm influential about Smartphones, Etiquette, and Nelson Mandela. I find this a hilarious combination.
aw u still saw this tweet:) i love it ahah (: im goin to bed tho night night:) oh and btw i poked u on fb.. Aha
"You really should try this place."
Tektronix MDO4000 Oscilloscope Wins Prestigious ACE Awards In Test And Measurement Systems And Boards Category
Another Shot, Pro 23:7 For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he:
Time to volunteer in the boy's class. We are making peanut butter play dough.
I think it pretty much does, but then he knows who Journey is, so . . .
your orientation lock no longer works?
Designing some billiard collateral this morning...looking for our poker face!
I'm here until the morning but not for the postconference.
Ok . You need to give it a rest for the day. This is too much for me to handle.
thank you! :)
AND I WONDER WHY I'M SINGLE11!!!!!111!
tough week huh.....
yea im at the crib-o....
Good morning everyone, I just woke up . And I'm hungry as hell. What's for breakfast peeps?
happy birthday Selena happy birthday Selena happy birthday Selena happy birthday Selena happy birthday Selena happy birthday
I'm speechless. And that's all I have to say on the subject.
Looking for a stocking stuffer? Our Cow Calendar or a gift card would make a great addition! Stop by and pick up yours today!
YOBI Live show this week.
This middle aged man just called me Bro... Nice man. #CaliSwag?
Waking up early in the morning to cover a sunrise service. Wishing it was easier to fall asleep... Guess I should put the phone down
I started writing this post about psychogeography about 3 months ago, wonder if I can get myself to finish it.
Saw Blood Diamond History channel doc was edited by It was really well done.
thanks for the follow and damn u too sexy. U need a scar or something to seem average cuz u too fucking fine. At my limit
Playing tonight and Ink Life Tattoo and Music Festival Saturday, April 16 @ 3:30! See you there, OKC!
seems like it could be fun, but it has some really irritating issues now. Like, what's with the dialogue?
I wish I could be sleeping next to you right now! :) this is getting creepy.
"Cloud Nine" told the clueless dolt why he could no longer ever be welcomed back.
Who's going to Bockfest tomorrow? I'm glad not to have to wear snowpants with the nicer weather.
PLEASE FOLLOW BACK!!! I LOVE JUSTIN! <3
any big plans while in Vegas?
I have enough problems of my own.
I wonder if people in Mexico get hammered on July 4th?
Who know where to get quality clones at in la, ie or daygo?
Thanks, Rachael!
I love America. I love Wisconsin. I love Beer. I love cheese. I love hamburgers. I love Cindy. BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY I LOVE THE PACK!
": Go around the roundabout with your feet out #bestthingever" how the fuck is that even possible?!?
Bringing some to MARAC?
Ah that makes more sense ;-) phew. We were very worried there for a moment!
I think those are the people who told me about your co. Glad to know they're settled.
Those stupid butterflies i get in my tummy when im around him
Aww man, I forgot to set my DVR for tonight's #StellarAwards... Thankfully I have FB & ur tweets. I wonder if it will reair
This installation of Snow Leopard is no fun without the bootable DVD.
MLB baffles me. They have awesome stuff like this, but then they also make some of the most boneheaded decisions.
Is it the fastfood chains' fault for obesity and all the processed foods available or is it the people themselves?
a wise man believes none of what reads, and only half of what he sees! Good words to consider, for everyday life!
in Djoker box, now that's a Mind F***!
Three cups of coffee and the fog still persists ?? Damn, the 70's weren't kind to me.
are u in Chicago all summer? I'm headed down there in July
so what
I Love You Kimmy :) .
I can't do it until tomorrow im on my cell lol
Dip Dip Promo & Da Foundation Presents: DIP GIRLS ENT.
Charge per entry and donate proceeds?
Maybe I'll have to do something a little less risky right before I leave. Birdwatching? :)
perhaps, cure will come from genome research - they are so close!
Thank for the inspiration.
Its the freakin weekin y'all.. grab a brew, crack it open, take a pull, repeat
Ready for season 3 of #workaholics !
"At the risk of being grandiloquent..." Oh, Julian Fellowes, how I love you.
what is this weird message wtf
Only if you promise to behave
lol I got a message saying you following me I'm like?No shit jajajaja
were going too! i promise :)
Good Night #Twitter! School tomorrow #UGH!!!
Hey , all the cool kids hang out on
Corey Wells....thanks again for following and for the quotes. -douggieb
“: have an awful time trying to get lean again bc your metabolism is destroyed” Agree that starving is not good choice
That's deep.
Ah, sarcasm!
I think I just ate the best dinner I've ever had in my life
I believe I can fly... #Wowzers that brought back some memeries
Senior centers offer activities
ARE YOUR EYES REALLY THAT BLUE!?
:) “: "Great documentary" trending? That's awesome. Glad the Twitterverse liked it. #magic”
haha RT : How embarrassing is it that Columbus, Ohio makes the national news on because of cows escaping? <headsmack>
Attendee to panelist: I can't move up closer I need the outlet. I have a *DELL.*
I dont know anything so I cant judge
Why is my dad putting his bare ass in my moms face? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>I'm blind
I smile when my phone buzzes, because I always know it's you <U+2665>
have a cocktail and watch football. Then clean out the garage and have a cocktail. Cleaning is better with booze.
National Small Business Week: Step Ahead Services small business fact #4: Specialize in transportation needs of small groups (10 or less).
Thanks! Be sure to check out the site on your phone too! Hopefully, you'll find it useful!
Hahaha i can tell is pissed
Hey how are you?
mines good
All taken care of. Let us know if you have any other questions.
": D-Malice & - Motherland OUT SOON on "that's wassup! Yes! Skype later?
BP! thanks for the follow bro <3
Very productive! Even moved furniture around..with that said, its bedtime!
Can Microsoft Find the Cloud&#39;s Silver Lining? | Welcome to CIMI ...
Props for your choice to move to WordPress. It's pretty powerful. We use Google Docs + WordPress to dump our copy straight in
Shrimp tacos were a big hit! Way better than last time.
only god knows how they make those sloppy boobs stay up
Those eggs were too good
Thanks for the band info! Keep it coming! What abt beer? If you had a #BEER wish list, what would it be? What do you want us to carry?
NBC called Go On and The New Normal its best new comedies next season
are you trying for tickets? 2013 tour?
The President is going to ace this commencement speech, you can tell already. But honestly, did anyone expect otherwise?
Which is weird because I saw Roger at Starbucks yesterday... “: Just discovered my dog doesn't like coffee. What. A weirdo.”
I agree, it's brilliant. But it's not exactly a crowded field, central bank satire.
You had me at Guinness Burgers
beat that ah!
Bout to be 1200 tweets deep a big milestone for ya boy
playing on xmas lets go LA!!! :)
RT : Samsung Electronics has recently made a legal request in the United States for Apple to unveil its contract with Qualcomm
i neva said i was beaten up you did i say leah i dnt think so but im still beaten you up to
Because NO ONE hates those things and ANYONE who says they do is a lying.
#MothersDay is only a week away! has gift ideas galore for mom!
Love the smell of their baby poop and bad breath. Kind of like the smell is a biological marker or something!
Lol i knew you would.
Not sure why peeps want a RT I think a follow would be way more awesome :D Just sayin. Much Love Sean from Tiffy ;)
After all, "Corporations are People." so they do deserve handouts. How nutty can one get? wake up folks!
You have to believe in yourself,that's a part of growing up.
I dropped a tv stand on my big toe, my poor big toe. Had a great surprise phone call tonight from one of the best hairstylist, a mentor.
I think hardest part about being #ntt faculty is that how well you do your job has very little bearing on whether you get to keep it.
wow. your an amazing! singer.. <3 <3 :)
They thought Taylor was going to win....
Hi Jake, thanks for asking. Currently we are not offering internships. Best of luck to you.
Ive been saying that shit for years, it tastes like a zombies ass after they workout
you're all right, apologies for reminding you of your suffering! It gets better...in a few months.
nada just checking on ya
just said "That yuga flame" when describing the film "The Craft" lol...funny thing is I agreed w/the description lol YUGA FLAME
It will be worth it in the end RT : Photographing my linesheet & small lookbook in film may not have been the most time...
I moved furniture yesterday. Today my body is reminding me that there have been a lot of years since I was 25.
haha I love that movie
made it around 1 am last night. heading to ACC shortly
After today, we have ONE MORE DAY LEFT.!
whats up, we is twitter friends!
I just wanna hold your hand.
There should be more books about the people behind the powerful that gave told the truth. Not a yes man. Logical.Practical.
BC retakes the lead at the end of the period on a power play goal by Chris Kreider. BC up 2-1
Equipment rental orientation this Sunday, May 23rd at 1pm at Akron Art Museum. You don't have to intend to rent. No registration required.
are you fucken serious?!
g00d morning and #GR* week cheers!!
. says speculation over him running for prez is "flattering." But it can also be "distracting."
thanks for looking out for us!!
Their cocky fans is why I hate the ravens. Sorry Bro All u Ravens fans get off my timeline. Bengals didnt have AJ Green
There should be balance with fashion, color can make or break you
This dude was laying down and still singing his ass off
Are you in aussie yen currently/thoughts on this major trend line?
RT Most imp thing to do with Google+ is claim your website and/or blog. That will help w/SEO on the platform.
Happy Pi Day, geeklings.
I stand corrected u hav chosen to reply 3x's. 2x's in one week to my first comment& 2d. No disrespect intended, enuff said.
espn3 poker grudge match on air now
We are by your side all the way hon. I will be first in line to buy your album, & see u live <3. Sending u hugs from Seattle.
it'll be online sometime next week :)
Will you add "life-deep" to that conversation?
Definitely is #BestDressed wearing a suit!
Wish you were there as well, professor. We'll keep the blog posts coming!
CNT CRY OVER THE SPILT MILK
oh well thats good! Yay! well you are ALL DONE WITH YOUR SOPHOMORE YEAR OF COLLEGE! YEEEEEE :)
thank you for the follow!!
u have to! Ill b alone in gym!
I have a good arm. That is why I played it. xD
This dumb ass final
lol thank you. & okay happy mother's day godmommy lol
I think we all can agree it is over now that Nathan is involved!
I forgot how good Screaming Lord Sutch is!!
Just staying in tonight.
breaking bread
Happy birthday hoeeeee! I love you-
You were the smartest person in the room plenty of times especially when it was just you and me!
check pon di rub a dub scene...seen? under Cha!
Still singing , softball cheers .. -________-
A few minutes ago I was tired as fuck, now I want to play Mortal Kombat
Valerie Sindel just got a bruise.
easy Ms. Perfect.
Draw Something is hilarious. I'm a terrible drawer haha
Saw this sign at when I had lunch this weekend. Sign has been autographed by Coke execs including Don Keough ^TR
YAY IS BACK ON TWITTER!
twitter w/1 hand .. baby semi-permanently attached to other pinkie
Man Hell Naw Where?
Apartment Owners and Property Managers, Call on Ocius, www.ocius.net for your Convergent Billing, Submetering and Utilities Billing needs.
I hope so
tell whoever is saying bad stuff about me to shove it!!
Dr. Gavin Bart on at 11:10 a.m. to talk about alarming new study re: newborns/addiction.
What other photo sharing sites are ahead of it?
RT : College Football HOF Bubba Smith died today. RIP
Just saw the Subaru on Pennsylvania Ave. SE in Washington
hahahaha that's so funny! #6 might happen if I've been sipping on the recipe lol ;)
Yep I'm a bandwagon fan but gotta support the local team Let's go
Oh, so its "none of my business"? #classic Too bad you don't care, and you just don't want to look bad! It IS my business, but not yours!
Laying in bed . I have to piss but I'm tired of getting up and in tired of pissing . can't wait till this weekend <33 #ChaseRobertScott<33
Shout out to all the West Mesa #MiSFiT's
That explains all the catering trucks I've seen today! The Belvedere is not a far walk from my office....
follow me
When I'm the only black person in the bar you don't have to ask me if I'm the one who just checked in on four square...
What answers did you get for the daily to-do list? I use a note pad for quick notes.
on the field on the grind !!
Boyfriend is playing on the radio<3
NHL hockey will be back on March 31st so go to www.watchnhllive.com register to gain access to all the games live for free enjoy the forum!!
I wish that everyday
NY Times Sun bus-CEO S. Archambeau- discusses how to adopt mentors without asking- leadership and "who's got the ball - take ownership
Two more years with ! Congrats! You are the hardest working person in showbiz and you deserve this!
lolz when did you even take that pic!
thank you for the amazing stove! We love it. Looking forward to Thursdays adventure - the convection oven vs 23lb turkey!!
RT Gas is really $4 in Buckhead.Gucci Gas -
Oh Lord, BE WITH ME. Everybody else say a prayer. I sign the lease tomorrow! New shop!!!! Antiques and....
There is only 1 success - 2 B able 2 spend your life in your own way. ~ Christopher Morley
At for briefing on ports of entry at border: new Otay Mesa East, Otay Mesa & San Ysidro. More efficient border= jobs in San Diego
what was that all about...
I left my umbrella in school AGAIN. That's TWO damn umbrellas I have to take home tomorrow. Wf.
You guys totally rock! Thanks for the follow guys. Killer!
guy walks into an advertising agency... HA! Very clever
Warren is def getting up there but I think he's one of a small handful who truly understand the micro&macro dynamics
The good ol' days.
in nigeria at the mo' so can't like ur page. tweet me ur bank details so i can do it when i return. ciao!
why u want that know ??
Haha see what had happened was I started following mad people when I first got this and i never unfollowed people
This critical lens essay is slowly and painfully killing me ... three hours and not even half way done! Hopefully last essay of the year!
Sometimes you can't always listen to others you have to listen to yourself.
Yeah...imagine a month long traffic jam. Ouch!! Though DC IS pretty bad...so is Atlanta.
It feels like Friday
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
I BALLS!
Imagine what the world would be like if it all agreed with you sounds perfect right WRONG it's always good to have 1 person to disagree
I love when i take a test and know that i got a #100%
u havent been on this account in years lol
i will worship the ground you walk on please tell me!i live in nyc!
Oh ya, and please spread the word! :-) Thank you! KickStarter.OperationSoundOff.com
Question, If you are listening to music right now what type of music are you listening to ?!?!
Check out old KOIN Ad KOIN Local 6 News
is that really u beauty?! Missed ur gorgeousness! Xo! ;)
Woah.. Bradley S Perry's voice is changing. Oh my gosh I can't wait til he's like 17. Lol hes gunna be so hot.
yes Newman is one of the greats, but Robert Duvall has always been my absolute favorite.
I think... I'm feeling good enough to eat. Relief.
Another oil well bites the dust, giving up fishing operations. Good thing I will be headed home tomorrow.
Forget Tebow mania, Broncos getting T-BONED.
you're included in that since you're gonna come up here!
No, we may never know official list since only Uthoff is talking. Author of article initially didn't even understand B10 rules
man I thought u was speaking of importanance. Smh
Whenever I take it always reminds me why their metro service SUCKS ASS
The NBA Players' Union is going to have to get more tape for all of the ankles he breaks.
Just when you think theta formal is goin to shits, sig nu saves the day...CAN I GET A SIGMA
It's ok. I saw you with your boy toy. :)
Blah blah blah...
Spurs Win!
Apparently I need my coffee. Can't think of anything else to say this morning.
lmaoo it will trust me cuz time flies anyway
Introducing the 2nd member of The RAW Dream Team...Karina Bryant!!! 3x Judo Olympian & 5x World Silver Medalist!
"Letting go doesn't mean anything goes." Still a need for people to vet, prepare & present information.
thank you sir!
I’m not usually one for speeches, but I have to say how lucky I am to have Blair Waldorf as my best friend.
Tomorrow Meeting The Cast Of #LabRats ;D And Caroline Sunshine!! With RADIO DISNEY!! SO SO SO SO SO SO EXITED!!
We are meant to shine, as children do. We were born to make manifest glory of God thats within us.Not just in some of us; but in everyone.
#FOLLOW so can shave his head! RT
Stop being. Start living.
The story about people fighting over and getting arrested for a new pair of Jordans is embarrassing. This is why people hate us.
A recent study showed that 79% of 341 US physicians surveyed preferred Apple's IPad over any other tablet.
Haha! I want some, too. Next time I write about cheese I need to make sure I have some on standby!
hard working teen <3 :) follow backk?
Aw man, the network's back up. Eh. I'm going home anyway, it's gin o'clock!
Tonight at the Cantab Lounge (738 Mass Ave, Cambridge) 8PM: Boston POETRY SLAM and at 9PM: Candy’s BLUES JAZZ & ROCK Jam!
cool..make sure those peeps stay on schedule...NO OT on your watch!! Crack that whip..haha.. have fun ;)
aw fun! Where were you?
The game is not about becoming somebody, it's about becoming nobody. ~ Ram Dass
What is the best workouts to left up tha booty???
Well your cut the fuck off
first tweet was a retweet of me. that's like a special event.
I associate "Hispano" with Spanish descent. As an American born of Mex ancestry I prefer "Latino" as uniting concept
I have jury duty in April <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Thanks for the RT! Hope you are well!
Bahaha! I think someone needs a nap!
About to take a final!! Can't believe this is my last year of ungrad
My calc teacher is such a boss. Great vocab and sense of humor
DJ SPIN here..
so excited about #PSTinLA RT "I think it was a combination of performance art and protest." - bit.ly/qa32Sp
Cher may be a fkn oscar winner, but girl, once you get nominated for an emmy you gonna git yours.
yea. women could have multiple husbands as well or a wife if they wanted!
wait did i just insinuate you're a bear ... perhaps a teddy bear we all LOVE :-)
RT : "Don’t join an easy crowd. You won’t grow. Go where the expectations and demands to perform are high." Jim Rohn
My radio career is over. Nothing but fond memories and well wishes. :)
Thrilled to cheer on our homegrown World Premiere #newplay #SmallEngineRepair at tonight's #Ovations2011 and celebrate a fab season
thank you
After long work week, I can finally chill for a few days
#YouMightBeStupidIf you talk shit about me to my best friend.... Like there not gonna tell me right....?
im down
If your wife wants to learn to drive don't stand in her way
you must try Lollibakes!!! See on fb!!..."Like" them! So yum!
oh I see it now ... & what u mean I'm coming back ?
in the store house of my creative mind are many many innovative shoe designs and all it takes is for the design world to tap into it.
thanks looking forward to working you guys!
Getting the ghost writing web site up and running...may even have story workshops.. soon!
Europe's Debt Continues to Prolong The Great Recession.
Um... I'm no chart aficionado but doesn't the e-book revolution kinda impact shipment of old school actual books?
bye miss you!!
Some beach. Somewhere
Need to slow the fuck down
Wallflowers - One Headlight
RIP Jesus Christ died for my sins thank you
Next week is the Castle season finale? I'm not emotionally prepared!
is staying the night. (:
This may sound weird but I want to be 's sister.(:
Hey guys. I really enjoyed your Social Media Marketing video. It was very concise and helpful.
I think it's pretty obvious how much I like my guy best friend. The straight one.
Yard Work Today :(
Make sure to stop by the #Kiwanis booth at the 3rd Annual PBSFA Fall Festival and get your face painted, enjoy a snocone or hot dog!
RT Whenever a guy hollers at me on the street I can't help but think we could probably have a great future together..
BRING IT ON BUDDY!!! TOOLEY ON DECK!!! LOL": I'm going to show up at 's job and pull the K out..."
I'm such a big chicken that I can't even watch previews of scary movies without freaking out and wanting to change the channel! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Get scared NY dates 9/30 The loft, Poughkeepsie NY, 10/2 The Studio New York, NY, 10/9 Xtreme wheels Buffalo NY!!!! Whose going to these?!?!
Still feel like a dumbass for calling when I saw him walking downtown yesterday :/
Big week for no..1Bellarmine, swept no.7 Ky Wesleyan and no. 8 So. Ind, firming up hold on top spot in Division II.
I'm tired of being alone, like a rolling stone.
Tough to fathom that a man so flamboyant & cheerful like Seau would take is own life. Rest in Peace, Junior.
I feel so close to you humm
On my way to Madison....mad at my boo.....ugh
"Nobody in football should be called a genius. A genius is a guy like Norman Einstein." -Joe Theismann. The irony.
Did lil Wayne really admit he was gay.?
Nice. Would love to be there!
thank god for another day of waking up happy easter to everybody
I'm heading to an airfield outside Moscow to meet returning cosmonaut Oleg Kotov. The other astros are on their way back to Houston.
Anybody at the lakefront for tonight??
only I would scream at a magic trick
Governor Susanna Martinez will be reading the National Day Of Prayer Proclamation @ The Roundhouse, Thursday, May 3, 2012, 11:30am-12noon, s
John Lucas I one of those real annoying players you hate on other teams but would love on your team
hello Taylor :) I'm Liam.
He ain't no good.
i'm closer to the learning-emerges-from-play side of the spectrum than they deliver-lessons-through-games side :)
Americans DEMAND from 2 "Come Clean&Tell American Public HOW MANY MILLION$ U R HIDING from U.S.Treasury n $wi$$ Bank Account$?
Fuck what you heard recognize what you see bitch!
:) but I have to say: broken face vs broken elbow(s)? I win :)
I spy Girl Scout cookies!!
#ShitNoOneSays go millard west
name of the driver involved in the accident hasn't been released. His condition has been upgraded but sheriff's dept. can't tell us to what.
No worries. things will be taken care of.
if you want porn.. PM my wife...
you're welcome! I love your voice and your lyrics!! greetings from South America!
It's all I can do to drink a cup of coffee.
My job considers alot of waljin running n pacing
We can work on that! Today is my five-year anniversary at LJ! Do I get a cookie with my deadline?
This ad for the new #Droid boasts streaming movies so your kids can be entertained, even when you're camping .. Then why go camping?
hey whts up
and they say "no coach is worth 5 mil a year". LOFL
HELLO FIRST 96 WE LOVE and THANK YOU FOR Your Support! LIVE YOUR DREAMS!!!!
loved being able to tweet questions today!
I Kissed a Girl and I liked it :D
#ewa2010 Terry Hartle: Barack Obama and Sarah Palin have little in common but under federal definition both are college dropouts
An hour to go in the tradeing session and FB only up 5%- I told you!
haha happy to be up :) Had lie in yday. Well, start the day as you mean to go on..? :\
I don't like that "tear" as in tear drop and "tear" as in tear the paper, are spelled the same.
you might win some, but you just lost one. you might win some, but you just lost one.
I need a change.
this guy is too young although its just a year haha
So When Im Gone Ppl Wanna Mess With My Rae Rae
Sorry to hear of your loss.
who will i talk to
drink milk
I still hate you for this.
A little #Meditation everyday unfolds All Possibilities!
Necessary to make sacrifices now for the future..
I'm beyond proud of President affirming his commitment to marriage equality! Way to go
gangsters dont dance...we boogie
#amreading The Bizarre Truth by Andrew Zimmern. Big fan of Zimmern but the book isn't the world's most exciting. Still a decent read.
RT : Life is 2 precious 2 mismanage important moments by empowering ur ego! Yield 2 the Holy Spirit n let him lead U!
This lacrosse game is nuts...very frustrating from the #Gators perspective. Now 3-all in the 2nd.
school libraries - a place of refuge for kids; in today's world of bullying, the library is really a special sanctuary
Today is what living in Florida is all about! 74degrees
In the cosmetic & perfume industries alone, over 800 neurotoxic compounds have been used!
I didnt but they are good.
MiM Mailbag post: Pumping during fellowship, the follow-up
How did the Stros win that game??!!...great comeback win.
Spring Training Scoreboard Emergency Alerts >Spring Training Scoreboard Proposals
i know i can make it, that be my
There's a debate about what is "real art" in the comments. I hope some #2amt folks wade in.
His next court date is on the 17th, that's when he gets a chance to get out.
Love to; can’t afford tix. Next time, perhaps.
are you going to see her??
iWork is a HUGE bonus. Now we're getting somewhere!
that moment when your old brother in laws gang up on you lmbo i love Ace && Blayz so much
Hurricane season is extended until November 2012. Hurricane Bruzzesi is sweeping thru the nation with a "I am creating jobs now campaign"
Electro Dance Pop from Sweden is my new obsession. Check out these awesome bands:
my hormones just exploded thank you
The ability to make yourself do what you should do, when you should do it, whether you feel like it or not.
Quick poll: Do you use your car's trunk as a storage facility and always have tons of stuff in there? If yes: Why the eff do you do that???
Thanks Prem for giving those records. He's raping them on ustream right now son!!!
#gamesiplayedwheniwaslittle nfsu2, simpsons hit and run, call of duty finest hour, super mario sunshine, etc. i <3'd my gamecube
Devil Inside.....don't disappoint me tonight.
If our landlord wants to know why we're moving, I have one word for him: mothereffing slugs. Okay that's two words but still.
...like women are lacking a child even if they never even wanted one. I prefer to use the term "child-free"
Next up, summerfest passes
Another great #skype visit, with the Library Breakfast Club at Blue Valley Southwest High School, KS. Smart, thoughtful kids. Keep reading!
same with yours homie!
I just found the most random pictures on my phone from last night. WTF was I doing?
What teachers helped you reach where you are today?
Did you know that 94% of people eat pizza on a regular basis?
100% illegal to shoot from a vehicle
I just got woken up by the only man in my life.... My Nephew. Best thing to wake up too is seeing his smiling face.
MISSING SAN DIEGO AND ALL MY TWEETNUGGETS!!
loves it!
Thanks for the TT mention and the feature. happy to help, anytime - I love the series.
RT : Discussing w/ coworkers this morning. Still don't think folks understand the importance of the LLN.
I would have to agree with you britt! Have a great Christmas, see you both when we all return!
Gary Hall, author of "Digitize This Book!" is talking to us today about creating an open access university.
lax to sfo
I remember when I had my 1000th tweet... but that was long ago...haha
I can see us together on top We livin' like we hit the jackpot Cha-ching, like money in the bank You should be with me
Dyed my hair black.. but still no one notices......
did u see the butter cow for me?
- Ryan, Ryan, Ryan - MY HEART tells me not to give up. How can I deny it?
Checking things off my to-do list left and right! Next up, gym.
What are YOU wearing to go see Hunger Games!? Get your Katniss on :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)!
so does sex... A lot more too haha. You up for it ?
on vacation this week ... spending a lot of time at local parks, but still drinking just as much coffee!
hahahaha you should make your own commercial for Avengers ;)
you know it! ;)
Im so ready for school to be over. 2 days and 2 half days and im gone ;]
Hey GOP! If you really want to fix Medicare, open it up to younger, healthier people. Problem solved...
Jealous face.
My dream last night <U+2665> >>>>
working on some stuff.
Recognizing talent
#NYC you disappoint me again. Trying to buy my friend bday dinner- restaurant doesn't take cards!!!
Sounds like UL.... RT ": What's that? You can't pay to upgrade facilities? What's that? State bonds? #WHOisLITTLEbrother ?"
"Aye yo girl... I LIKE DAT SHIRT!"
how much does rick ross eat? holy shit
I betted on the series. But damn Memphis is making me look bad lol
Hart with a nice evening for my fantasy team.
looks just like this bum that keeps showing up at OVW!
I can probably count on no fingers how many UWM students aren't on some variety of stimulant right now.
Can't wait for summer! and may 10th going to be a crazy show love you both!!
With as intros founder Blake Mycoskie as the award winner.
lmao, hell yeah she sleep n'shit, but I know she can hear my phone vibrating n'shit, but she know I wasn't gon be sleep.
Hope everyone is enjoying the hustle of the holidays. Be sure to check out our Facebook page for a chance to win 50 FREE Cookies.
I will! :) but if she refuses we could come and pick you up xD!
i dislike capital as much as the next, but soon to be on the job market, i feel the pressure to write for free :/
lmaoo if I find one xD
Keynote Speaker opens w/ an MLK quote: "I have decided to love, because I find hate to heavy a burden to bear." cc:
They Say You Can't Turn A Bad Girl Good, But Once A Good Girl's Gone Bad ; She's Gone Forever
#CFL is tough sledding; limited TV, gate and sponsorship revenue. Smart to diversify streams!
: Who is coming to see us tonight at tonight?
No doubt!!! Go #AnyoneButHeat RT Dear Clippers. Please beat the Heat right NOW.
M... Gr8 #buylocal biz too! RT : Looking forward to seeing some parents for school meeting. Bring on the coffee!
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER
I don't play with my money
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending. Maria Robinson
yes I smoke weed.. may be a weedhead but this weedhead has three jobs.. how many you got ?? are you educated?? last time I knew yu drop out.
Shout out just heard you on v103 radio station gettin it in for
you started it!
my man I'm humbled sir.
If that's true, then why are there so many pets still without homes?
It's sad to see tweets having to explain that publishers won't work with libraries to provide ebooks to patrons. Total bummer.
personally I think you should do a fro and die it pink
lol omg i just saw this! I miss you more :)
Right now I have to say Happy Birthday to my lovely big brother.
People! I was speaking of matters of the heart. Simmer down!
She's tuning up in the green room.
In case if you all don't know. Wazz Ub program launch date is April 9th of 2012, which is 3 days from today. Join now for Free before 4/9/1…
we're at steats, is vanguard going off?
Boy in my daughter's class named Tarzan. She says he doesn't get teased (anymore) except when he got picked to demo the rings in gym.
Go Joey V!!
heck yes! What about as a northern base?
Excited to get in here next week!
That reminds me of Nutella & Lorna Doones...good times.
preordered and albums, and weirdly, i might be more excited to see the vinyl album covers than i am to listen to the music
So cool to hear on 96.3 country today! I'll definitely brings Energy to work this morning
Stratched 3 things off of my to-do list today. 9997 more to go.
The King has spoken... RT : "Dark Knight Feeling, Die or be a Hero, or Live Long Enough to Yourself Become a Villain"
i have a blonde wig. whatever, fuck it. haha
I just threw a perfect game in #mlbshow12!!!! I want that million!!!!
Who do you think will be replacing Tee Martin at UK? What do you think about him leaving for USC?
Happy birthday to my niece Aliyah. Love you !!!
yes. Peyton Manning is basically the governor of Indiana.
's new show is called America's Best Sandwich, starts June 6th on 10 week show, we'll let you know our air date!
Rock da House!!!!
Always appreciate the wonderful support from ! Great job at promoting & supporting the community!
McKnight Photo applications are due on March 30!
#TGIF Our Koval Gimlet is a local take on the timeless classic. Come enjoy it and our many other #thinklocal #drinklocal specials today.
holy crap... I think u need to tweet more. I don't think you've done enough today. Ha! mkmk
Also need to check out! Her Obama essay 'Speaking in Tongues' was great; an accomplished essayist too. Damn her talent.
Which do you prefer, Nicholas Lee or Nicholas Cole ?
youre scared of the woods? Yeah I can't talk to you anymore.. XD jk love you jey haha
it takes a very talented developer to pilot a larger-than life Arduino... /cc:
had no clue had the DF tats. now the cameo makes so much sense
The end of wisdom is to dream high enough not to lose the dream in the seeking of it. - William Faulkner
i had the scariest dream ever!!! D:
Effing around with and last night, now I'm sleepy
a new puppy with a tag that says "will you marry me" in the empty house we just bought together. It was perfect!
#fun making its first super bowl appearance
So take her - she's yours!
Such an exciting week, that I totally forgot that my episode of #CriminalMinds is reairing Sat. night at 9pm on CBS. Catch it if you can!
for what now? Bruh stay out the court....
I can either be the sweetest girl or the nicest. Completely your choice.
Snake room cleaned!
Sounds delicious!
Have a great time
Calling librarians! Look for Charles Kolb @ #ALA11 this weekend in San Diego.
ok! How can I help?
he looks like my mom and I look like my daddy.
(hides toaster)
I am so excited! I get to see A LOT in the next 2 months! Eek!
Hickory! What about you? Awesome - Howard's a terrific school.
": UM soo i dont exist anymore!!" Sorry boo I been so busy xoxo
I choose to be positive because it's a choice I've made :)
UFC welterweight is temporarily suspended for testing positive for marijuana after his Feb. 4 loss to Carlos Condit in Las Vegas.
I just remembered, I can't wait to see next month!!
Guys. I deleted my account and I got an email saying that it is back. So im being hacked. :/
please tweet me, I don't even care if it's just a punctuation mark. I just really want a tweet from you
I am very excited for this Womens National Championship game tonight! Should be a battle!
I've spent my entire life running from everything, I think that's why I like to just chill now.
YAY!!! i have had my first 100 followers now im on 103
RT : "proceed to party!" Toby Keith jammin' out Red Solo Cup! Sounds great live! (ACMs)
Then they'll lose. It's science. #BlueTopsSuck RT : I hope they wear there blue tops tomorrow.
Haha it's funny in HOA how the teachers think they can get away with things,
I need to learn how to dance Bachata <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
pieces of you by jewel, everyone else is doing it... by cranberries, & it isn't underrated, but jagged little pill by alanis
I want a change of pace lol.
Wishing all my followers a safe, enjoyable and happy weekend!
The human brain uses approximately as much energy as a 10 watt light bulb.
You know how it is when you don't want to miss them but you want them to miss you.
Hahaha, okay. As long as it prevents that.
Dhat Ish Krayy #RIPGeorge2 how many are gone i think by tonight 5 Georges will be dead
I know I'm a little young.... But we should still get married!!:) <3
but they are hot.
Fuck that, i'm not gonna go xD As long as she doesn't take attendance
Fingers crossed for you tomorrow.
Put your trust in the Lord and go ahead. Worry gets you no place. - Roy Acuff
Crazy talk. It's a team sport. You don't think he'd average 40 with a top center? I do.
good I dont need no more creepers, lmao
Soon! I promise!
New TV dinner debuts tomorrow - How bout Fried Catfish Fingers, Potatoes, Greens, Grits & more. Come check it out-404.681.4434 to reserve!
In full fundraising mode at MAVC. Mark your calendars for Casino Night on Jan. 23. Details: www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
Only 2 more days of school! :)
Math test: Ba × n²a²= Banana?
It's kind of like when people write "....is busy writing hit songs" as their Facebook status update. Drives me crazy. Haha. :)
life's tragedy is we get old too soon and wise too late
Its been one heck of a day!!
yeah I didn't know it was way out there. Carols pick. Long story. We're at some sushi place now.
but the bad news is I have never used a drill...wish me luck
Why are there flotation devices under plane seats instead of parachutes?
highway robbery that is!
Thanks for the heads up, dudes. Kodak Park/Kodak is crazy.
It's hard to win a race when everyone else has already started and we are still thinking about if we should start.
I want coffee ice cream super bad.
He said he's gonna make a CD of beats and sell it for 15.
I can't wait for 80's day for so spirit week :)
unfollowed a bunch of people who never tweet me back.
must really suck being stuck in the DR at an all inclusive resort...
#DontWifeThatChickIf She can't cook, clean, has no job, or isn't in school. What does she do all day but waste time
“: Girls aren't toys..... You can't just drop them when you get bored.” Aaaaaamennnn!!!!
and : will I see you guys tonight? Time for lunch next week?
Yay!! Film news for Lauren Oliver's Before I Fall!! Congratulations to WOOHOO!!
Having a bad day? Fresh gelato is guaranteed to lift your sprits. We also do custom flavors, just let us know
Finally saw Moneyball. Great flick that makes me miss baseball season Inspired me to not give up on the White Sox quite yet.
Had a dream i was riding in a dump truck full of raisins.
My boys 1st game 2 day....a lil nervous
I do not agree, sir.
Its too earlier! Time for a long day of work.
Someone throws water on your face in the middle of the night and asks you to define the Wasteland in 10 words.
I am so excited. Also so excited for 90 degrees
why i have to get a stale face.?
LOL! You are so funny;)
Dear iPhone, Please stop changing my rude words into nice ones. You piece of shut.
FRUSTRATED BOUT TO DO THE UNTHINKABLE
Q: for librarians who have attended ebook conferences: any experts/speakers out there on etextbooks?
McDonalds... Your feel good commercials about using 'high' quality ingredients will never get me to eat your food! STOP TRYIN'
PIGS ARE IN THE BLANKET. WE have multiple pigs in the blanket!
There's one player that is an exception to that, but for former SEA players, I don't understand the venom.
being a bucks fan is the worst thing ever.
Everybody knows im a muthafuckin monster
Haha thank you! And my mom (who's 43) was there when she said it, and was like, "Gee, thanks, Kelly."
Thanks for the follow , we'd really like to play a show with you and the rest of the ! :D We'll book it!
You already know....
Each day has the potential to Be Great! Find the opportunities to unleash its unique offerings! ~ Me
Dayquill and long islands mix no matter what the package says :p
Thanks AJ. Would love to see it! Cheers, Mara
so proud of you!!! I can breathe now--glad u went first!
she's wrong. we're home to one of the most successful children's apparel chains in the world!
Whatever it is I'm doing right now is defeating the purpose of defeating the purpose.
“: In honor of Fenway's 100th year I'm wearing a brown 3-piece suit, fedora & wingtips to today's game & smoking the whole time”
Gotta get this day moving! Audition at 4:15!
I can see that. Unusual beer. I liked it, but far from a sour. Had a bit of that Orval tasting bite. Can't put finger on it.
Want to hear all about Baldrige this morning.
Re: Last tweet: I meant Billy Gibbons. Sorry.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. - Mahatma Gandhi
Arg. I leave Wednesday and am shooting Mon all day, family day Tues. I will try to squeeze you in. Get back to you soon.
Tip 7. Be wary of others 8. Search for your name or use Google Alerts
Who doesn't love Yahtzee? Who doesn't love drinking? Do both tonight with Jimmy Champion at #WestAllis #BrassMonkey 119th & Greenfield!!
are we going to be performing underwater again??
Oh crap. I just inadvertently tagged some guy whose profile pic is still an egg. Think we can buy the name off him? :)
no he's done. thanks for the nice draft picks for the bengals this year tho. wish you luck but glad ur drama left
The beach was popping now off to mcds before my jog
I see Ronnie Radke c':
LOL bet some of the bigger men would appreciate that. Some of those bikes are tiny!
haha lyrics to a song..and yes please :)
Tequila makes the Packers loss sting a little less. #JustSayin'
lmao i am following back and u swear u will beat me lmao
Will Ferrell in kicking and screaming
I am joining #Mombizmondays tonight for the first time
he's no where to be found! and since there is no one to hold me back, #HitABitch ... I may not be welcome back
RT : Deficit deal also has added benefit of further irritating Paul Krugman.|Asshole. Reporters are supposed to be unbiased.
haha, hope you were referring to me.
Just heard the new song by The Used "I come alive", sounded amazing -so glad that band's still making music
Amber cole got all the followers cause she was sucking dick hell naw lol
awh Big Splash love <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
Hi Pedro, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
I'll be your shower fluffer... (: lmfaooo; that sounds dirty, no?!... I mean, right?!
LOVED Series one & two. The US version SUCKED!
I have been having interesting conversations with this person who has no teeth and I think I keep the combo going to look at their gums...
I'm seeing r riding in Fest parade! Me too!!! Maybe a face to face meeting soon?
I'm out here.
This cheap cab tastes like really good pinot noir. Not complainin'.
I love me some cookie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Tried to call my folks in DC/NOVA but no luck.
hah there must be one close by! I am heartbroken that I am only finding out about this now...
Sign up on my list at aestheticbodybuilding.com and Ill send you info as it becomes available.
we can get on right here right now back seat we ion have to make it to tha suit
Pocket Broadcaster seems to connect but don't know if I actually output earlier.
The buccos are winning the world series in the next three years.
"Nene take Andre Miller with you!!!
Catching people picking their nose in the car...
its seriously psycho how much we have. Lol. And we sold a bunch in our garage sale! They are fun to look through lol
#IfTheyShutDownTwitter i will die. twitter, scratch that the internet is apart of my life. i love having fun and making new friends.
well im glad to here dat n da same... :)
Thanks! I appreciate it! :)
"Central Park", Atlantic Station,Atl- Some lady w/ mighty tooth braces looking to sign me up for a bible study group.[..]Later- a gunshot?
lol don't most girls watch tv and eat craploads of ice cream or something
At the end of every diet, the path curves back to the trough. Mason Cooley
although the presentation was cut short, we'll pick up where we left off next week.
re: refactoring. Thx for the link. Very little of my code is optimized in any way.
Are you at the game Dave Isaac?
#nowwatching Jumping The Broom. One of my favorite movies.
she is awesome!! and actually extremely fearless of rollercoasters. just sayin.
Hi John thanks for the follow. I live in Florida as well. Port St Lucie. Let's keep in touch. Looking forward to your tips
CHICAGO LOOP! !!We bring delicious cakes to your office, business, or residence.
there were no refs, we had 3 players so we had to borrow players from the other team and we played for fun
im goin' with shania twain at the moment
Oh, how I long for a normal work schedule. To sleep at night and live life when the rest of the world does would be divine!
im watching victoria justice ustream on youtube. lol
hey cutie ;)
Oh believe me, I know :)
Tweetin' on my cell phone.
Sports analyst Neil deMause notes that Sacramento mayor wants to build an arena, with or without anchor tenant; calls it "Kansas City model"
"I killed Superman/ broke Batmans back/ even the Heman ain't got the powers of THE SHAQ ATTAQ!!"
Messi was 13 years old when he came to Barcelona.
Awesome. Get after it. Stay positive RT : first match of the season for us too #GAMEON!
Gucci mane has the most crustiest lips :^(
": offensively he looks good. He's not selling his bumps well imho" slow pace as well
oh okk xP dont worry I don't even tweet that much haha
DM us please.
Brie cheese and red grapes !!!
you guys have a smash with !! Amazing performer!
Living in the moment & responding fully creates that pit of anxiety in the gut. That means exciting things. Focus on doing.
"What is Monday?" Normal people: "Monday is a day of the week" Me: "Hell."
samesies. Makes me want to gouge my eyes out
Headaches: one-sided headache with dry eyes and blurred vision (migraine)
So thankful for God's hand in my life.
The debt "crisis" is done. Awesome. Can we please tax the ever loving shit out of people who own private airplanes now?
Skipping school to go to the river
Made dinner ,worked on photos,juiced,made popcorn,watched porn theater(thats an old movie)watered plants,and cleaned,and took a bath!
Can you say "as American as apple pie" if the apples are from New Zealand or Chile? I'm looking at you
:) Someday Amber And i will share a room in a mental institution Lol And We get to wear strait jackets And bite people
cool comics!
I follow ;)
Stunning to sit here and flip through the Ulysses notebooks. I've seen them before, but to have them to study and teach-- just wow!
Wife has a surprise for me at 4. No clue what it could be
Always blinded by the sun when it rarely appears...
mention me.. i'll mention you back.. i need more followers ^_^
Just how hard is AP English >.<
I'll be in Nashville, too! Sounds like quite a crowd.
BBCOR bats are new rule for safety/fairness but will make winning that bushel of Juicy Nookies by hittng HR bullseye on The Nook lots harder
Starting to think I'm the only one who has what it takes.
appreciate that fam
this collection is breath taking! Thanks for tweeting it!
Lost Highway
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you're tracks are bigger than your ass.
#newyearsresolution not to make a new years resolution
is checking out the latest baseball news
Poised Creation has gone through the ups and downs! Thanks for being there!
Lmao you already got accepted <3 and when are you auditioning for your first movie ;) lol
hello, I follow you back :)
The 'Zilla was at the opening of Phil's new place in San Rafael last night. It was nice.
we have an open slot in July! You should for sure do one we need more ladytypes.
So i went to sonic today... and i ordered a watermelon slush and the girl asked me ok um what FLAVOR!?!? ( STUPID HOE)
his human side. I would like to see a real wedding for Lois and Clark, but on a small/intimate scale! :)
Push me under. Pull me farther. Take me all way.
on my way 2 work! Big game this weekend!
Thanks for the positive feedback and the share!
NYC always makes me feel like it took my brain out of my skull, wrung it like a rag, then sloppily replaced it.
Ecstatic, eclectic #FF and happy weekend:
Your're a month late, but welcome aboard!! RT This #Brewers team needs a shakeup badly. Start benching and DFAing some people, now.
Before giving a blood transfusion, find out if the blood is affirmative or negative. (If it abstains, don't give anything).
I so knew this was gonna happen.
Hey guys, if you haven't yet, please follow our new page thanks
I, for one, like the Matt Devlin impression. I've been bothered by that for quite some time.
POWER HOUR! Our #happyhour is back on from 9-10! Show up and try to put a dent in our provisions. And try our new pizza for $5!
Let there be no compulsion in religion. Truth stands out clearly from error - Quran 2:256
Thanks! Will check it out!
Ive always wanted to be a police officer and a teacher! Im a Sergeant and Monday I'll be the substitute for my daughter's class #excited!
now I see why you'd subtweet about her :P
Tickets are in for the March 10th show at Renos Chop Shop in Dallas TX, Get yours before they are gone! $10 for 21+
Shame Trent Richardson's twitter was a fake. Hopefully the real TR will be just as happy to play for the
thanks for watching it with me even though ur redsox demolished my cardinal!
omg! Your seats are so close!!
Excited about the meeting for the Chicago West Loop Fulton Market Walk in May.
#SinceWeBeingHonest I hate texting you first, I love it when you text me first
lol “: Joey Cora is letting Chad Gaudin hit for himself with the winning run on third base in the 10th inning.”
#IfYouKnowMe , you'd know I'm an "in the moment " kind of person. And I change my mind alot
"It's not about who gets credit; it's about who gets help" Sen Barb.Mikulski talks facts, doesn't pander
I just saw this! What kind of things does she like to do?
Oh the joys of West Coast sport watching.... I really, REALLY miss this timezone!
I would never tell any company how to pay or treat their employees. Police/fire/emergency workers don't face scrutiny either. Why teachers?
they were so loud I could hear them on your cubicle webcam
If you could see my heart and see how much love it holds for this one special person its crazy. She just dont know 4-3-12:)
this week flew by :]
These stupid sons of bitches are supposed to be going north and south...but both thesr monkeys are going in the same direction
Another Friday night at the studio.... missing my friends... only 4 weeks or so to go!!!
I had a dream today would be a good day
Going to my auntie Graduation tomorrow : )
I want to man. When is it this year?
#Wildbills was a good move today #NOWresting #HaloLounge will be epic tommorow !!!!
But if it was!
really should have voted early. shuttle has to pick me up at the polling station so I can make my flight to
ABOUT A WEEK - Both actors, Matt Hayek and Jerome Vital, have worked with Saba in Sherry's Kitchen.
Looking for suggestions on how to get more individual students for tutoring ESL in Boston. Anybody?
only use QR code toLinkedIn if it adds value!
lol. Indeed not.
Beautiful colon brown color on that wall!
made it call u later LVU
Remember when planking was cool?
Is it not a "real" relationship if we haven't had a single fight?
taking a shower in spaghetti sauce with
always happy to help! :)
UTC Papers this morning, Cold War II lecture and discussion of Muslim Women authors in the afternoon.
I inhale pure earth. I release the white ghost.
New music coming soon, keep reading guys
Having some cold ones and rooting hard for The Hoosiers in honor of and
Back in the tweet saddle! Woot.
great, obama is finally on board with an idea he should have supported before any of us voted for him. Big Win!
My bbq just blew up while my dad was putting the steaks to cook, thank god he's okay.
what job are you promoting...
: Gonna be honest here guys... I feel better in black than in fire. if I feel better, I'll skate better
how do i get this smell outta my hair
is overhearing the cops on the street official enough?
or your number? Trustme I'm not tryna hit you up. 8016952772
you won't x
There's no crying in catering.
meant to say oval office
Back at ya!
oh calm down! :) Sincerely, someone on the verge of 31
"No chatting. I'm managing. Bam."
We're playing tomorrow, 11pm at Stubb's inside if you'd like to join us
Big shout out to all my peeps at [*Place*]! You guys are the [*Superlative*]! Thanks for a great [*Time of Day*] and for giving me [*STD*]!
is it on MTV tonight ? :D
To celebrate #FollowFriday today, I'm unfollowing and de-listing some assholes starting...right now!
Its a beautiful sunny day but I need some TLC from my boo #RealTalk - XavierLT.com
"my fucking boyfriend" OMG, I can't. *fandom explodes*
#whateverhappenedto my sex life? Seriously, my ex-wife took that away from me too.
#Romney: For 25 years I lived and breathed the #economy and #jobs. You can't learn that teaching constitutional law.
:O what did I say please talk to me on there
Yes I would love a vitamix please thank you!
it used to be much higher (on mrsajbombers). i've let my tweeting slip a bit...
Funded Proposal | Tony Penman&#39;s Internet Marketing Blog
Stop stalking me -_-
I hate dick riders........smh
haha earl you always country aint nobody gotta bring it out lol
The good acoustics outside of the former Library atrium now Star Bucks attract musical students, entertaining mid-afternoon foragers.
I want to loaf you, and treat you right
Socially awkward people <
very welcome!
I am looking forward to returning to L.A. We are going to create magic!!
LinkedIn Fans Rejoice: Your iPad App Has Arrived The popular business networking site has created an app for Apple's tablet.
It's amazing how just 5 short yrs ago when we had to go to the bullpen w/ the lead, it was safe to leave being certain we'd pull out an L.
Blistered fingertips and juicing limes not the best combo
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Thursday 04/12/12 is Ian, Alex and Dan!
So cold. going to die
Thanks Natalie.
Just what shopping!
Thats cool, either way its good exercise.
What kinds of things or ideas inspire your writing?
“: Want to join?” I wanna but family is visiting Sat. : ( I'm gonna miss Cheech.
It was quite hysterical today to hear a Macys employee singing "Let me see that thong" while rearranging underwear today.
There was, you just forgot.
Getting light headed and puking <<<
It is so hot it's like 90 out here
Today's Flatbread: Grilled Chicken w/ tomatoes, spinach, onions & provel Soups: Creamy Tomato or Black Raspberry Gazpacho
actually, i would love to have a chat with you about trans access at some point. work i'm doing now has been begging this question
Happy mothers day. Love you mom :)
Love it!
Lets do it!
You're Right Man. everyday I meet young people that think "Theyre all that" and dont have a clue whats gonna happen Next.SAD
I may not own a magic 8 ball but I see karaoke in my future this evening, all signs point to yes.
Now watching 106 yayyy I know I'm 24 mins late !!!! Tell ya why later
The Beatles - Sexy Sadie - 11:37 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Trippy, aye? Thx for visiting! RT : The menu is in 3D at Complete with glasses.
Happy Mother's Day!
Haha. Enjoy the youth while you have it. Growing up is 436% less fun than they say it is.
WHICH IS X
another earthquake? (or aftershock?) as well as severe thunderstorms and a tornado watch? when did oklahoma get so extreme?
Happy Friday peeps!
Interesting . . . #Colts have ZERO quarterbacks!
yeah, i follow it close enough to know that. He's making money as a losing franchise, and he's perfectly okay with that.
Suffering w/ #acne? A common culprit is constipation. Increase fiber and water intake for a clearer complexion.
Only if you're talking about what I'm talking about!!
#NowPlaying Paula Abdul :Straight Up <U+2665> "straight up now tell me do you really wanna love me forever ohohoh or am I caught in a hit and run?"
Im Tryn to get wit the winning team
A BIRD JUST FLEW IN MY CAR !C
Oh come on... what's a little tax cheating among friends?
You better hope to god I NEVER come across him. I will literally kill him.
those storms were crazy!!! I was by myself at first scared out of my mind!!!
Today in Invention History: Irving Langmuir patents an incandescent gas lamp in 1916
Thai curry, Game of Thrones on HBO then a good book to send me to sleep.... hullo, Sunday evening!
Not at all! No genetically modified food for me or my family. It seems that too many man-made things cause problems down the road.
Seconded. Actually looking fwd to the screenwriting/fiction tweets moreso. RT : Welcome back, Nathan!
daily tweet about following because they're perfect
Alright, I've just paused my movie for the 22nd time or is it the 23rd, I lost count ... getting myself another cup of joe.
Great discussion with md professors!
Hack the One Armed Bandit! Not in their game plan. That would be too easy. RR's a righty anyway. Lol
I'd like to thank the academy...particularly , who believes in a dream...
Does anyone have experience #teachingenglish online? Would love to hear the pros and cons from you #ESL, #TESOL,
No, I'll check her out. RT : Dude, have you heard of Adele? She's really good!
Am I EVER going to get through Isaacson's bio of Steve Jobs? I keep stopping to surf the web. Now I'm viewing Zen decor...
lol come on now! You weren't talking about me I hope!
What are you all waiting for? Free and easy www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
come on, I was in like 2nd grade and I remember that!
Don't forget to follow me on here if you haven't already done so. #thanks :))
If you hear of a guy in a bell tower in the AM it might be me, and if so it'll be all Infopath's fault.
Nice work!!
b-b-b-but they've only got one phone model?!?!
Guys! is in Twitter Jail!
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number so call maybe.
no problem thanks for helping us trend #HU4L !
Listening to the 1971 underrated classic Badfinger "Straight Up" while getting some drafts of voter guide statements out...
damn that's tight
Shoutout To Those Now Supporting Good Music
they're all dead. Spoiler alert.
Loving this smack down that #UNC is putting on #Duke!
Breakfast at another broken egg with !
That is weird it happened to my friend too.
me too!
Who would fuckn' do something so hurtful to a poor baby :/
It's not a tapeworm, is it?
Or even if just the former. I banned all reference to it in our house, kids or no kids.
I LOVE the show Awake on NBC!
Told my boss today I could not come in cause I have "Anal Blindness" He said "Whats that?" told him "Me not seeing my ass coming to work."
thanks buddy! I'm sure you'll be getting several!!!
Snow day in Milwaukee made better by the fact that I can watch the instead of listening in my cubicle.
lol yes! Her name is wonder why!!! Lmao!
#Family, #Church, #Fraternity, #Work, #Personal Business, #Social Life...what else...what more can I say...
Up before everyone watching Looney Tunes and having coffee. I wish I could spend all my afternoons like this!
CALLING ALL FRESHMEN! Yogurtland for freshmen on Thursday at 5:30!
oh I didn't know snooks and jwoww was gonna have a show but I already have pauly d's show on the calender so I can record it
Featuring multiple services from ignition repair/installation,
Does Brandon Stokley get back with Denver?
A life without adventure is likely to be unsatisfying - Bertrand Russell
Is it weird to wear a motorcycle helmet with a mohawk if you don't have a motorcycle? Because I'm pretty sure I'd look hella awesome.
Free Pool tonight! Steak Night Thurs. Food Crawl Event Friday Aug 26. We welcome Notre Dame Alumni for football game Sat. Sept 3rd!
Hubs: Honey, would u like a massage 2day? Me: Yes! Hubs: I knew u would say yes so I already have u scheduled for one this afternoon.
“: Both classes canceled tomorrow. F yeah greatest day ever! #sleepingin” I'm praying for a day like that! Lol
pretty sure it's 3pm eastern!
Big Win
luv so official! my jam!
I'm proud of my fam/cousins. We all doin it. Just like we should.
just read the story lmao bet he won't be runnin' 'round screaming "Rack City Bitch" for awhile!!
Can't get to NO from Jpn but someone represent at Science of Hotsauce!
We've got 2 free tickets to give away for the Boxer Rebellion show at Mercy Lounge in Nashville, TN tomorrow night. Who wants them?
is IXDA Baltimore looking for meetup locations?
It's Fujiyama Week!
We all do. More than ever.
Why are the only two teams I care about (Jets, Broncos) the only two teams trying to have awful drafts and take on Tebow?
sounds like a kid you don't need to worry about.
Josh, you are a dinosaur! Ha!
Looks like my 10 man fantasy basketball team is going to hang 1,000 this week.
which genre?
Yow. Kickin HuffPo's ass a little.
Finally going to FL in July. Havent a vacation for 3 years ever since my Dad passed away,Hopefully Ill REALLY meet my Idol, <3
Consensus goes 4-1 yesterday and we have 103 cappers with action posted so far this AM with 6 consensus posted all free
Just heard #NOFX get mentioned on
Busted my knee, got blood on my short
Walk up in the school Fuck Everybody.
Support local talent.
thanks for the mention! Happy Friday!
Blahh imma miss them so much.
I'm no longer in denial, speed does matter. What is the most effective & best form of speed training? Intervals, fartleks...? You tell me!
I totally believe that too HA!
You speak the words of my heart! I know the feeling all too well!
hog alright
How long will you be in New York? (Which dates?)
; so here's to everything, coming down to nothing. here's to silence, that cuts me to the core. *
bye twitter :'( my dad is also taking my comptuer away.... bye
Welcome to the hood! Best decision ever.
“Negative energy that comes at you in some form is energy that can be turned around – to defeat an opponent and lift you up.”
It's amazing how people can achieve such wonders when you give them the good information, environment, support and permission to fail.
agree on "lead with what you do" but even stronger if sentence 2 is specific. signature pieces/collaborations? approaches to tech?
I bet that bus is warm! Oh yeah oh yeah I second that! Was that a fart? No that was my voice box! Ur wat? O juice my juicy juice box
i feel like you ignore me.... :/
THIS!! ": And Chelsea are celebrating the FA Cup around Stamford bridge. BLUE is the fucking colour of England!!!"
Comon baby don't say that... it's just a front to
can I pleez get a followback thats it and thats all sweetheart :)
#railsconf we went to buffalo billiards. We needed some space.
The Bears of Blue River Festival Queen Pageant will be held at the Strand Theatre on Saturday August 13, 2011
bless your heart lol.
IKR! They were sitting right by the door the morning I left. #epicfail will not happen EVER again!
Or they're just hiding under tables, awaiting an apocalypse! “: I am pretty sure someone at Fox News needs a hug today.”
Thinkin abt changing 's name to TrillMomma bc she's jammin to right now.
I asked Doug 'why ya gotta be so mean?' he said that I'm meaner and I said you're the meanest!! We laughed
already did...dont be a stranger
Insist on yourself. Never imitate. Ralph Waldo Emerson
well that really pisses me off. shut up. you're about to get unfollowed.
Raining. Planning lunch options. My one free lunch for next 2 weeks . . . Hm.
Data visualization is one of my favorite things. :x (I also follow )
sportin' the sweatshirt this morning! omg!
Do you happen to know anyone who would like a more passionate love life and/or want to make extra income?
:/ RT Skeletal remains of woman found in wooded area in Medfield. Too early to know cause of death...
Go #tanaedwedd go!
Enjoyed speaking to Board of Washington Business Week today. Had active discussion on similarity of a Business Week event and a tasting
Watching House with the wife
hahahahahahah “: Everybody who played the mandolin was poor as shit until indie films had to make a fuckin' trailer.”
Oh cool! I just signed up :-)
We see this as just one step in the beginning of a long conversation about promoting rights of sex workers in the US.
takes home two Dove Awards! Congrats!
When jake doesn't text back bc he's too busy fishing <
Dexter was great last night!
#Artist invest in your selfs
how I love my biggest girl!
feeling so much better today
ikr! ive heard it!! i noticed that they kill me alot... R U GOING TO THE CONCERT IN JUNE??
hey girl:D
Going to fix a camper this morning! Well after breakfast at javacafe :-)
Finding the stream of brands you follow eerily quiet? That's because all the Twitter admins are at
Not happy about the new episodes of The Office. Not very funny any more.
you can never go wrong with the wizard's way.
aw man! I'll try anyway!
O___O DID you just dismiss me ? Smh you've been chillin with to much lol
thanks love, but you have no idea :/ and yes!! ill be in anaheim sat working the ronald mcdonald walk at the honda center
Candy kisses xo
Who wins a game between the Mad Ants and Bucks? I'm putting my money on the Ants.
Congratulations to Katrina and Abdus our new clients. We are looking forward to planning your wedding!
How do I always end up on the subway car with the "special" musical guests? It's morning, leave me alone sirs :/
Doors open! RT : “: Filming round new York today!!! Where to go...” you should go visit :)
what r u doing in Iowa??
Every Day I'm shuffalin......g'mornin my tweethearts!! Sendin lots of hugs & love to you!!!!!!!!! :-)
I DID listen to your music, i selected a poem i think is almost perfect for Your sound; You decide the level of perfection
nothing beats the dyson hand dryer.
good post thanks for the info.
I'm a happy woman #LAKERRRSSSSS <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I'm insane? Fucker, I'll show you insane! #gtfo yourself.
either that or fast food
I have a love/hate relationship with iMessage.
well, that was a bummer. at least we lost to a great team.
I agree!....if he wants a ring he better learn
Lebron carries the team in the 4th, Spo timeout, Spo "draws" up "play", Lebron used as distraction, Wade last shot.
Anxiety itself is neither helpful nor hurtful. It is your response to your anxiety that is helpful or hurtful.
I'm up Wat it do
Threw alarm against wall when it rang @ 2:30am. I feel better,You? Coming up:Austin teacher charged w/ felony for giving student Plan B pill
Jesus Montero flies out to deep center to end scoreless top of first for
why do you always have to be so cynical with everything?!?
Make that pdot as source.
Two cats sitting on me - really I like them, but why sit right ONTOP of me??
Call my house, girl.
I love how some women turn 30 and get all insecure about themselves so they post nekkid pics on Twitter to get male attention. God bless.
Call Tebow and ask him to pray for them
Unfollow this page and follow my new one
hey guys! thanks so much for following! (: in case you guys havent already, you should definitely checkout ! (:
thanks for the RT!
After my first sip of my caramel frapp with xtra caramel, I've decided I'm budgeting the 21.33 for the next 9 days of frapps.
should've stopped! 78 here yesterday...
Thank you for capturing the highlights, !
Kurt Warner Says Eli Manning Not A Hall Of Famer...
Got my sewing mojo back! phew! Worried I lost it there since Christmas. Knocked out a bee block and a Kindle cover for my mom this weekend.
My love follow me please I've been trying so hard.
Little problems, some doubts, big dreams, bigger reality!
When you are ready to lose 1-2lbs a day on the EASIEST diet with immediate & consistent results call 702.979.4424 www.lasvegashcg.com
Happy Birthday :)
For me? NO! It is my reality! BF ": Is it wrong to have a GUY bestfriend ? =.="
been good I moved out to the Tomball area. Are you contract or employed at the met?
Quickly followed by "whoa I kissed my sister..."
I don't mind the song. I'm just glad it's not a stupid swag kid song or something.
The mall.... Wow
We have EXCELLENT news for our USA clients! From next week an online shop for our extensions will be available for you! Yay! <U+2665>
Grazzini is right. How many more fouls are Montreal going to commit before Stott gives yellow? Persistent infringement.
Right on, well I'll let Dan know that he continues to be more famous than I am in the Archives world :D
all quiet on the western front
Don't b stingy with #ThatDick lol RT : *side steps * “: I wana have sex ....ok”
Oscar Sunday means
> Stop by and try some of our Gluten Free Pizza, Pasta and Beer! Great lunch specials too =)
Awesome day at #SXSW today. Met authors: , , and Also ran into several #sxswsea folks.
You like my background on twitter(;
haha. Matches the number of times I voted for Megatron.
Don't forget to watch our documentary exclusively on iTunes tomorrow Margaret Thatcher: The Iron Lady.
I saw a dead bird flyin through a broken sky
Search 4 Griffin's Roost causes a Chrome Crash, and I think it is time to go to bed...#kindle says I'm 78% done with Dance with Dragons..
Running on a few hours of sleep blows
that's just freaking innovative - it shows that I am virtuous and might make oodles of $$$ one day
When my time on earth is gone, and my activities here are passed, I want they bury me upside down, and my critics can kiss my ass- RMK
Why do i even own a winter coat anymore?
lalalalalala can't hear you
#The Black Swan 2
Had a very good time at #WPA11. In sum: people dress more formally and speak less formally than I anticipated. Will adjust both for
Have opinions about #Eugene's Downtown Public Safety Zone? At 5:30 pm, share them at the Police Commission's forum at City Hall.
Everyone tell others about the competition... Once we reach 1000 followers. Whoever gives us the most shoutouts will win a Play-On bracelet.
Just in case you've been living in a cave for the past week, the NFL will release the 2012 schedule today at 6 p.m. Central Time.
Still awake. Ava's talking in her sleep and all I want to do is go grab her and bring her into our bed.
Right by the beach... Boyee!
turn down the sound and turn up WWL. You been her long enough to know that?
Awww I'm sorry :c You & ONLY YOU can get my 6100th tweet c: #Deal ?
RT : that's why i go to people more often than the google. but still not training dept #realwplearn < Agree!
I'm ready for love<3
Wow! RT : Listened to every episode of the and #68 was a personal favorite. So fucking funny. #theTooooth!!!
Seems like I was only falling in love a few minutes ago.. Now I'm falling apart.
Satan is now following me on Twitter! I said, ah hell no! And I blocked him! He's already had to much to do with my life.....
this is a perfect example of what happens to people who do too much theater.
humph : "Don’t give her that condescending look when she adds 3x times as much salt as you would’ve expected"
If it wasn't for my faith in God, I would have given up by now...#true story
Literally just watched a commercial that was so long that I forgot what other show I was actually watching....
'sup with ? OVERLOAD!
1. I know u work under Lucas and it doesn't change the fact that he's a bad influence. 1a. I hope u don't get paid for that
like really ? how old are you
i miss your kisses.
love this! “: Is it ok to stop for #coffee on your way to meet someone for #coffee?”
but how can you say for sure that the behavior on a "vacant" network will translate to mass?
Are you from Tennessee? because you smell like corn bread and you met your husband at a family reunion.
Just imagine how fun going to 's birthday party would be.
Music sounds better when I have my headphones in.
gimme some of that #WillPower lol...
okay son go to bed he rooting Lakers cause he got a yellow b-ball #fiveyrold....lol Im like no
Hang in.
Don't forget to enter our $25 Amazon gift card giveaway! You can enter once daily! goo.gl/co7d0
Hey I didn't realize you were following me. I'm following you back now.
that is why defenders don't take pk's. Another example - Terry PK vs United in Moscow.
I'm in. I just hope I can find a seat!
Well this season is over.
In most cases, Airlines will be prohibited from increasing the price of passengers’ tickets after purchase.
what you doing today!?
and weeezy kills it to
Probably not, but I haven't read that much about it before, only a little.
BEA Bloggers Update: Blogger/Author Jen Lancaster has been added 2 the conference! Details TBA.
that is so funny and very true
James "the real deal" Neal w the HT! Total sniper.
Great day creating relationships with camps and placing people in wonderful camp jobs! People making an impact everyday!
Early bird rates for The SMILE Conference expire Sept 10th.
G.M.N.I.: No, madame. I won't eat your cake or lick the icing off of it. Not 2day. Not 2morow. Not ever. Good day.
Tomorrow will be $3 craft beers from our summer list. Not sure if it'll be on Sats or Weds permanently, but we'll have weekly beer specials.
Good looks run in the family!!
Resist the temptation to want to have the last word all the time!
really this dude is skyping this girl on the floor with his sound system. HER VOICE IS SO LOUD!!!
AlchemyAPI is hiring a Junior Web Developer / Linux Admin in Denver, CO. -
Congrats on the launch! All the best! :)
I 2nd that! RT : You better come next year! cc
according to google maps it would take 5 days and 14 hours to walk from columbus to toronto
...respecting person who would do it solely for pride of country. Pound sand.
ATPT looks very good here!!
Knock KnockWho's there !Clark !Clark who ?Clark your car in the garage !
he, he me too :) Should we tell everyone?
Let's be naughty and save Santa the trip. - Gary Allen
Our first workshop of the day, Nuts and Bolts for Publishers, starting in just a few moments. I'll be your trusty correspondent.
I'm on the way!
Another fallen star with drug abuse history. Tired of this? We are. You can help us deliver detection tools to families who care
Where did the day go???
#NIKON would better. Their lenses are 99% interchangable throughout models and years. :)
love it when i make a $75 purchase online that doesn't go through but still takes the money out of my bank account
in the past two days my friends have found out they have jobs in vietnam and at the federal reserve in DC.
I love being able to be her man that she runs to when shes upset >>>
thanks! glad you liked it. And thanks for helping shoot it.
how about an update on baggage from flights such as Sat's VS019? Will Virgin compensate for temporary replacement clothing?
RT if you have RSVPed to #NZWineDay! Mark your calendars; the event takes place February 5th!
it's weeks like this i wish i had an assistant to tweet on my behalf.
It could be called "TUCSON."
21,000th tweet. Another memorable milestone. Dedicated to and of course. It's only the beginning, tweeps.
Drake! Damn sexy with his monkey ass
I am sorry will check it out, meanwhile I will email it to you if you let me have email address. Thank you Cheryl
Feeling is mutual! “: Super excited to be working with Submerge now! :) , you guys are awesome :)”
michellemalkin, ,All the Liberals/Progressives will be there to rally around him
Whenever a bird poops on my car, I eat a plate of scramble eggs on my front porch just to show them what I'm capable of.
My first child will be conceived to Knockin The Boots, Lmao
Gotcha. I went this past Friday for home opener and it was packed there. The vendors ran out of food!
me too. but i like to keep the cost of my edamame down, so i thought it was worrth a mention, you know.
Its so gorgeous out. Why am i stuck at work?
Whelp, the blog might take a little while longer to get set up. My classes are all (3) heavy and strong. Lots of discipline this quarter
ohh man I can't make it have fun hita see u soon.
I lovee youu and will always love you
Hope everyone had an enjoyable
RT : glad U like the WOs if u need anything let me know. I really like the back workouts with the exercise band on thegympro.com!
At my brothers basketball game in plum this is getting good lol
RT Wondering if is good 4U? Don't miss the 1st Her.mi roundtable w/ , , + more on Fri!
They are charging a hefty fee to partake in Red Arrow Park...not sure about participation...
Why do fools fall in love ?
I guess we won't get to see purple shirt guy anymore... #nomoregolf <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
should be good. Congrats on the giants!
Getting to read an in-depth conversation about how to #catalog a video about #fracking is the reason I'm on
Wishing I was at #aam2012 right now. Someday I will be cool enough to be there!
baby can u follow ?
Every dance is a kind of fever chart, a graph of the heart. ~Martha Graham~
Dear kim kardashian, this is you without makeup?! Sincerely, wow I didn't even recognize you! :0 mylikes
our whole universe was in a hot, dense, state...
was the only one tweeting when the clippers was losing. Now everybody a fan smh
i'm in bed lol
Tomorrow's #earthday. What are you doing to show the earth how much you care?
lol well the same pretty much trying to build my career n u kno how that is but man we need to catch I only 15min away
Run-D.M.C. makes pretty much everything better.
I posted it on the page
running my desktop pc off a teeny little flash drive right now (i mean physical size not storage)...crazy how flexible linux is
Check relationship between GPA and business success. Innovation tends to originate from those who deviate from the norm www.demko.com
High-fit men have a 68% lower risk of stroke mortality than unfit men.
Watching lightens my day. I want Parm brioche!!
thank you thank you :)
That wasn't very nice....
Didn't mean to eavesdrop, you had me envision: Greetings, I'm a late Victorian teapot, short and stout. Here is my handle..
Brad paisley concert <3
I heard'em on my phone yesterday. Love the dance joint.
Working on #blackfriday sucks ass.Ppl goin crazy in this bitch..
Hopefully there will be a even bigger shit scene in this show
Change is the essence of life. Be willing to surrender what you are, for what you could become.
haha that I'm on spring break right now :P lol
Castle season finale so good!!! I can sleep well now.
Ah! Britta was Cary and Alicia's assistant on #TheGoodWife pilot.
Is it monday yet? Can't wait to get back to Colorado Sound and mix this new record!
Thanks for inviting us to your 20th anniversary party! It was great seeing everyone! Congrats on all your success.
my nigga green what up
The Gamma Girls are all over the place this weekend -- some out of town, some in. What are your weekend plans?
We want to wish everyone a happy and prosperous
Thank you, Sherry! Means so much to me. :) Appreciate all ur support w/ & My cats thank U 2.
call my house phone if you need me
At the beach with Bella, then anniversary dinner with Jenn.
Gusgus, you gonna make your nervous twitch worse!
Going through Sent mail to find work samples. Really glad the DMV got back to me on all those points-on-my-license inquirees I had in 2010
Playing the shop right now: Johnny Cash, on vinyl.
I have heard of a lot of people refusing to donate bc of their stance on LBGT issues, which i didn't know b4 this yr
#InTheSummer of 2012 i will fuck somebodies bitch and not no... oops! as my hand covers my mouth.
dont you think carissa and derrick rose should get married?
thank u for following me
The UK middle class have been looted 3x. 1st by Bankers, then by the gov't, and now by the poor. US is next.
Long night... Caught someone breaking in to the car.. That took all night but I gotta go to work!
This is the day the Lord has made; we will rejoice and be glad in it. -Psalm 118:24
is that what you ask yourself whenever you go shopping in Emeryville?
lol it's the Dar and Bu in our names!
I hate that Alabama's governor used black christians to make his anti-nonChristian comments
it will be come 2013.
People still want to touch and feel clothing. That's why Bonobos are partnering with -
Really considering buying the
HawthorneBV got holiday gift cards...buy $30 and get $5 for...drum roll please...for free! come by and get some for you family and friend...
Thank you, Kate! We appreciate your feedback.
Detroit Lions looking good for first drive :)
#CLIPPERNATION STAND UP 100%!! RT : All in! Time to close this out.
I have so much luggage I can't even carry it all. Today is already ridiculous.
23 And, in all, Enoch lived for 365 years.
RT Tweeting is a full contact / competitive event ;) nice to meet you today. That & follow back ;) Thank you for great
I think some one hacked my account. Its not me tweeting. Sorry
what are you up too tonight
speaking of that...im up there :)
whatever I have been fighting off the last couple weeks has started to win.
Getting a chance to help out with a VOGUE photoshoot this week!!! Thanks to my awesome friend Gustavo!
Facebook listen button - WPTV
Scott, let us know if we can ever help you or your clients with graphic or website design.
Such a busy weekend.. So happy to relax
Goodmorning & Happy Easter <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>
Congratulations to clients ETR Labs and IAS America for their purchase of a 13000 sq. ft. building in Leominster, MA
My cursor always reminds me of Mickey's hand :)
is that a hill I see?
RT : TELLING: refuses to cover new report on Wall St ripping $8M a yr off from Denver schools:...
Tf you mean you didn't know i wanted to see you tf BITCH ITS MOTHERS DAY THE HELL FUCK YOU
dont we all!
Doesn't look good for me and that Adobe meetup tonight. I'm exhausted.
I say - get out from behind your computer and create face to face relationships - nothing really beats that, no?
Hope my friends Jeff and AJ are having a great time. Wish I was there!!!!!
The main thing I'm taking away from all this TV watching is how I'd very much like to loiter in Ina Garten's and/or Laura Calder's kitchens.
are you watching shame or whatever it's called?
Me skating is about as clumsy and adorable as a dachshund wearing tiny ice skates.
Let's face it though, the have always lived under the shadow of the The Gretzky Era was during the Lakers' "dark ages."
I know I read it in two parts. I want to read the book, but don't know if I have the stomach.
There was a moment when I tried to sit back & watch but they was too busy watching me.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream. - E.A. Poe
#ThingsIReallyCantStand.. everyone within 100 ft of me.
I've been having good days :)
" so you're telling me you're not gay?" Hahjajaahhhahha
That's a good or bad thing?
Canon U.S.A. Introduces EOS-1D C Digital SLR Camera Featuring 4K High ... - MarketWatch (press release)
is taking home the machine which has the installers after taking 2 hours to download. New software to play with YAY.
MT : If u haven't already picked up a copy of 's book, which comes out today, get to the nearest bookstore & buy one!
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese. As if I don't have enough on my plate.
miss you to girly:)
*sigh* it's gonna be hard to talk her out of that.... :(
My shiny teeth and me!
Which line were you supporting?
My head hurts so bad right now :'(
Hey Cincinnati - director will be on tomorrow morning at 9:45 talking about the April 15 DVD release.
can we get a url?
I can only dream to find one like them!
Jay Sean in the playlist 2nd time in the week
Haha I guess not
:-* talk to u tomorrow baby
Friday is a perfect day to get your hair done! Look fabulous this weekend!
Oh now it's okay I just found out Trey Songz is gonna be on 106 so I'm good :)!
#quotes You've got to seize the opportunity if it is presented to you.
Laser hair removal on my underarms...they recommend not wearing deo. And. I sweat a lot. laser is supposed to help that too
There's at least four cars of people talking to two squad cars.
I'm taking my grandma to bingo players , she loves bingo.
what did ya think of Joe Pride declaring Rain Affair "will win"? You must be pumped for a big day at Flemington
Haha why is math my favorite subject now?
my thoughts exactly...you just tweeted it before me ha ha ha
This was a tip from our Certified Service - no harm! :-)
Thank You Seals- Team 6. Huzzah!!!
RT : "im the setting sun the one behind the trees, the saddest one you've seen"
I'm not a doctor, and I don't play one on TV, but I do think you should drink some water.
looks good man .
Give your MOM a kiss, shes the only.girl that wont hurt you.
GET THE ONLINE SCHOOLS ROLLING
Damn I Need A Bed Timee! tF
nice, but it is ONLY tuesday...er wait wednesday your time...anyway it is only wednesday. watch out!
not to mention brides wear sleeveless gowns in holy places, places deemed sacred, this is too much. Wow!
Bc he feels invincible right now. Must be the boner pills he shares with KG. RT : Why is tweeting so wrecklessly?
Ctfu that just popped in my head!
Well son of a gun—I just won an Android tablet!
You people are crazy! I know...I can recognize my kind! ;))))))) Happy Hump Day!
If you write a review I'll give you a sweet coupon! Send me an email. BTW you guys are crazy!!!
Everyone has so much swag in their business professional attire
Why did I trade away Steven Jackson straight up for Chris Johnson this week??? Trying for playoffs... was I smokin crack?
haha. I'm not looking for any twitter endorsements. Enjoyed the study today though. Thank you
Let's go to the beach each Why is this catchy!?!?!?
Excellent! See you there!
she say wat i say i guess she a mockinbird and im jus tryna j her i guess im mocking bird...larry for u dumb niggas
living the dream
Shout out to the homie at that . He be killing that Twitter rollcall
Ok str8 like that "you played me that's fine karma is bitch and she will come back around moving on with life"
congrats on the engagement hope it work out...
You're on to our plan. Shhhh!!!
Also, our Boys Soccer Team beat GULLIVER today 1-0! Congrats on their first win of the season & 1st win @ Gulliver in ACC history!
OK , you just lost us with this Neil Gay thing. It seems desperate.
Any screen printers ever used black ink on french steel grey? How's the contrast?
I'm in #miami bitch
Watching Keegan Ruddy playing for Robinson High School seeing what the benefit of hard work
RT : "The Social Media walls are down. Time to collaborate and share work." OH by of
#NowPlaying. Tweet. Call Me.
ah well DM me on here .
If you haven't listened to you are missing out! Great talent.."everybody needs a little Sunshine" :)Give him a listen or 2or3....
Shout out and HUGE congrats to our own PR all star and now Marquette Law School grad! Congrats, James!
Looking forward to it!
interesting you bring this up. was talking about this the other day from a bloggers perspective. Xoxo
I had some vegan eel recently. It was surprisingly good.
Apparently Stevie Wonder is refereeing this football game.
How many twitter accounts have been created for kendall marshal's wrist? +/- 10
LB where we at tomorrow
An earnest commentary by a channel 11 reporter just reassured me that the Super Bowl proves that good wins over bad. What a relief.
Man is blowing up my twitter feed this morning. Tell the campaign staff to pace themselves a bit. We have 6 more months to go.
#GhettoCountryLoveSongs Man! I feel like a gangsta
i DONT WANT TO SEE YOUR NAKED TWEET PIC I QUESS IM SO CALLED A GENTLEMEN RIGHT
Great things happen 2 people that do great things;
Lets get on these push ups.... i like how i can get swole fast.... only in the arms tho!
Ahhaha that was one of the funniest episodes of modern family
#ImInTheMoodFor a big, yummy salad
My favorite part of #TheKentuckyDerby is all of the different accents I get to hear and mock.
it makes me feel great when people don't text back
THanx. I try to keep my pics entertaining! RT love the monkey!
I'm noticing that it can get quite hot down here by the equator.
Is this the new twitter everyone bitches about? This fucking blows
Coors light and hockey on a friday night! Join us at the new berlin ale house!
excited to have you as a part of the two weeks.
lmfao cuz u tweet about em everyday.... You going to D.R in the summer?
Confident to the point that they dont care what anyone has to say: DMX, 50, Nas, Jay Z, Bun B, Trick, T.I, Too Short, Kanye, Rocko, Dro
“: Guys who go in tanning beds #gay” your brother
congratulations! I forgot you were a senior!
but explain, wgat you mean ?
I wanna be sedated...
zipps are gone...bummer
I care about you,i know what makes you mad& what makes you happy. Ik when your birthday is. I payed more attention to you then you did to me
Machine Gun Kelly and reptiles...I love my life!
Gone Fishin :) Have a beautiful Saturday everyone xo
whisper-rap
First, find out what your hero wants. Then just follow him. Ray Bradbury
I feel you.. Some people choose to make the wrong choices now-a-days..
talking about how discussing data modeling in her XML classes is when the information "clicks" for her humanities students
I <U+2764> my girls!!! Especially that time and place where we let our hair down and have so much fun!!!
Just returned to Compuware after an awesome tour of #Detroit given by D:Hive
that game was so much fun glad I was there! Unfortunately work got in the way for today's. .
What up Boi?
a who won
I just finished a 3.27 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
FUCK THAT. come see me.
you'll hear it soon , they gotta come back to put the adlibs & other stuff on there !
where online am I able to preorder the Nokia lumia 900 windows phone? I thought it began today.
hey Twitter, we're back! Next meet Jan 21, 2012.
Reading in a quiet, sunny living room + coffee = HEAVEN
It was high social season in DC this week - Cal Ag Leadership, AgRee, BFRDP panels, random friends in for the Cherry Blossom Festival...
very dry Rose!! “: Chandon Rosé RT : We're popping pink bubbly for #WW! What's in your glass #winewednesday”
Im sitting next to you yet you still talk about me..... Wtf!?!?
I'm so sorry for your loss..
Our family just arrived in Macon, Georgia! Big get-together with grandparents, aunts, uncles and cousins for a couple days
seems like da weather changing again...
You are the best lady... did yo see the new one I wrote:)! I know you'll like it:)!
MYSTICSOUL1 MYSTIC SOUL Jamaica Lives.... Wayne Russel and Mystic Soul for Jamaica's 50th birthday. Check it! youtu.be/sTMYdQGxM1s
lol its just hilarious how Sox fans talk so much shit like the kid on Newbury St last night after asking for drug money
Thanks for your generous contributions as a thought leader on #leadership Doug!
ha! gotcha!
Found a present in my secret hiding place that I was supposed to give to my sister last Christmas but forgot. What a shame, she would ha ...
I havent been on fb so I'm scared to stalk people..
whoops. My b.
Reggaeton major world commercial >>>
What do you need? (we do more tours, but also occasional Investigations)
You're already pregnant! You know, in the FUTURE
First soy pumpkin spice latte of the season. Now I need some pumpkin spice candles and I'm all set for fall.
The winds in ABQ are howling! The Pella Designer Series windows offer triple-pane, significantly reducing exterior noise. Call Jeff 362-0529
i actually may start to like demi since shes a judge on XFactor. Should i audition?
I don't make the rules I just break then ;)
Coming soon: A Concise History of the Qing Dynasty, Vol. 2 by Dai Yi. Order yours today at www.enrichprofessional.com
Puckerman's head looks like the landing strip on a vagina.
compared to me u are!!(:
I really need to start studying for the EOC for english. I'm so scared I'm gonna fail.
Supplying Brazilian Hardwood Flooring for over 15 years.
It's 3:41 in the FREAKING MORNING! And I wake up to a stupid watch beeping like there is no tomorrow! Ugh I just want sleep :(
Honestly, I do not care if you acknowledge me dude, what you do and say is to no concern to me. Grow up.. we in college #busteddboyss YUK!
Happy Holidays #TeenWolf fans! Even Mr. Harris wishes you a joyous break - then back to work.
My cute new follower>> :)
congrats you look super sexy. More than ever lol. <3
so,im like REALLY bored...CANT WAIT FOR TEEN WOLF!!
#CIO: why do we need these new servers? IT staffer: "because what we have is old & outdated." Bzzzzzt. Wrong answer.
that was awesome lol.
Bitch !! I can wipe off 90% of your so called beauty with a kleenex ^.^
suckin' on unlit cigarettes
Happy Mother's Day to anyone who wears the Mom hat! Wishing you a day filled with love and happiness! :) <U+2665> Mystikjipsy
I like what you said , I just hope you meant the Miami wins the Indiana series.. Lake Show chokes and Lob City moves on
That seems like it would be the start of a lot of injuries/broken bones unless they are wearing WR gloves or something
Thank you ma'am and will do. Have a great day. :O)
FBCD AMAZING!!! Slap that ask people
JOB INTERVIEW WEDNESDAY.!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> thank you
You copied ME, yet you got a higher grade. WHAT THE HELL?!
Not if you don't do your shit. Lmao. Plus you still have a boss. Ahahaha
folks. My dude. #Reds up 6-5 thanks to that shot.
I would but I'm not a "normal tester" so oh, well
#oomf said ima die alone with 25 cats..lmao..idc i always say that anyways !!!
i love this fucking almond milk, it's like fucking crack.
's customer service really sucks. What bank do you all use?
We have a new server ready - vpn-sf32 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
At a bar in Inglewood wit babe (the Muzik is off the chain!!!!!!!
Once the problem is acknowledged, there is a flourishing niche of Addiction Medicine. Can be very helpful.
very true, but that's wat keeps it interesting because it alsway is changing.. it is expensive indeed
thanks. He is a cutie huh. . #Loveasa'ssmiles
Get down to the rink and help support the Dukic family. We're having a concession stand to raise money for them in their time of need
doesn't make a difference, the Redskins will outbid it.
interesting and makes me feel good but not true
Had fun shooting my new camera at Crystal Pier tonight. The D3 is killer in low light. Can't wait to try it at my next wedding in Stockton.
gn0d joined me @ hotel and has gleefully consumed tv & room service.
ROTFLMAO Love that woman. “: bless my Mother's heart, she just asked if you were running Hood to Coast?”
Nice shot and article ;)
nah i think she went to coral springs high im not to sure
haha I wish...nope just at work but miss you let's get drinks one of these nights!
Q1: Do you hire interns? If so, what do you have them do? If not, why not?
200! I feel so proud :D
I'd say that the accent almost more than anything makes you a "real" southerner...
please say that's not true :/ as a recent Cali transplant I'd probably have a heart attack!!
That looks to have been awesome! Also, for the record - Chumbawamba was serious as all fuck. People forget.
she doesn't, unless she follow you on twitter!
M strawberry Calpis!
Has everyone finished their Christmas shopping? I cannot believe Christmas is in 5 days! Crazy!!
Three wins and Djokovic beating Rafa = 2 seed at the French. I like the odds of that happening.
#operationfindnextgf She has to like my group of friends
What was the best April Fools joke you heard today ??
Your comments on the Scholarly Kitchen post are appreciated, but you'll soon learn it does no good.
yes, great meeting you too. Are you going to ASA this year?
So Cole Hamels wanted to send a message to Bryce Harper by hitting him? Wouldn't striking him out have been better for his team?
Always a pleasure, my lady.
Sad but true, Francisco is the #Mets' best closer option. Wasn't the bullpen supposed to be their strength this year?
RT : Any time you can dump a QB with mystical powers for a 35 year old guy coming off 4 neck surgeries, you have to do it.
That's a true blue friend...
Barron's: "Iran has threatened to seek the death penalty for speculators in the [dollar]...Argentina has been using 'dollar sniffing' dogs"
So much free time! Watching #sherlock and I love it!
GRAND OPENING of new FRIDAY party line-up "POP" 911 St. NW DC|POP's 1st Guest DJ: Lady Gaga's DJ spinnin the hottest music 2night
“: "Not all those who wander are lost." - J.R.R. Tolkien”
I cant wait to see !
~OMG, that's me~
Vegas tomorrow. I need some time off work; so I can stay up all night gambling of course.
Love Aimee Mann! Ken and I heard her at Luther when we were "dating."
HOLY HOOKER
well i can speak for me and my people...lol.. :)
Sorry you're sick! I'll email later in the week to get on ur calendar. Hey to Wilbur!
then you know things are sucking right now
u are amazing! i have known of your greatness since Terri R was my phone babysitter as a kid.lol much love!
open your eyes, dude.
I'm just chillen in my apt right now trying to figure out where is... Haven't heard from him
paintin my nails.
New Costume Navy Venetian Female Half Mask
So instead of doing my english, I'm sitting here watching family guy lol
“: For your fans' name: Blaine-iacs. Like maniacs.” I dig it.
a quiet space with the sun on my face and the only responsibility I have is to MYSELF.
ya did a great job :)
RT : Papaya aids in digestion and provides fiber that can help to improve bowel movements.
Pippy Longstocking. I wanted her independence and super strength!
#Knicks need to release baron davis's old ass & I hate LeBron
Why can't every day in January be this nice outside?
Elvis Presley performed in 837 consecutive sold out shows at the Las #Vegas Hilton Casino
''What's a link?'' hahahahahha
The scary thing is I tweeted that after his 2nd bomb. But 4 HR??? Ridiculous.
No problem dude.
“The only reason we don’t have what we want in life is the reasons we create why we can’t have them.” ~Tony Robbins...
welcome back to the homeland! Now quit whatever you're doing and let's hang out.
so boring...lol where are you at now again? lol
Go get the bastards.
Hanging out with Hannah and Avery! And my day was good really tired though! My voice is worst then last night;(
:) that can't be good for you
Q: Favorite Easter candy? Reese's Eggs, jelly beans & Peeps are some of our favorites!
Oops!RT : HA!! :-)RT : RT : You're probably naked under all those clothes. You slut.
"Everything living has the RIGHT to defend itself if necessary."
are you kidding! jenna nobody would forget about you! everyone here would be hurt if you did that. please dont its not worth it
Don't forget tonight's dinner special: baked ziti, garlic bread, salad, & sm drink for $7+tax! We'll leave the light on!
I love you. That is all.
My motto today, from the brilliance of my friend "Don't talk about it, be about it."
People are more willing than ever to accept innovative solutions. Not fake ones. | Dieter Rams
...not related to Kim Kardashian....she's a whore
good idea :)
But still, dude! I'm like sitting here all slow and you're like BAM Tweet back. xD
Need sleep
Spent $60 and it's not midnight yet
How's it going can you also get song placements
Thanks! One of my trainings for work got cancelled. Trying to find a decent replacement.
alright my job at canes is done.
OriginalOestrus it is delicious and so is root beer can chicken
Can't find pic of it but has 16 channels for effects.
Thx for sharing your #getoutandzip idea! Please DM us your Zipcard # so we can record your contest entry. Thanks!
Gotta love Rumi > - "Don't think the garden loses its ecstasy in winter. It's quiet, but the roots are down there riotous."
can you drive me to Vienna? My parents will be in Florida
Like everybody tries to be mixed talking about yes girl I'm black and native American......oh ok.
Another day Another $..
Wow.. That's original!!!
that's disgusting man
Save your back-to-school SHOEBOXES for the first Albuquerque Operation Christmas Child party in just a few weeks!
Shoot the cowpoke in you: hook your thumbs in the front of the pants. Try some leaning a dance a little jig.
#Fact I enjoying laying in the bed air the fan on but naked! Don't everyone?
So much on my to-do list lately. I need an alter ego super twin!
Talk to you tomorrow :D bye :D
Had a good session with earlier... now wrapping up a session with
Watched a very harold n kumar xmas w/ n funny as shit..go watch it n smoke 1 for me lol
Good morning! :)
My parents annoying . -.-
I heard your large waistline is due to the high sodium content in Fried Chicken, is that true?
J.Cole voice "FRESH ASS NIGGAAAA !"
Band Practice tonight?(: i think yes
Watching the fight at Bridges in Throggs Neck.
Is the stereotype "black women are angry" true? Why do you think the world views us this way?
RT : Pinnacle Cart e-commerce. R u using it? Give it a rating: 1-10 suck-awesome scale, pls? And do u sell file downloads?
I want to see you this weekend please! Also before you leave to go home!
I just LOVE sucking at tennis. At least i'm good at one thing, choir. Made the same ones as last year....
hipmonk seems to require I enter a destination. Am I missing something?
): I wish I could fix what went wrong... #FeelingBad ):
You are wild man... we need more like you in politics
ATX bound for the next week for hangout times and #sxsw. Say hello if you're in town!
in the building
The weekend's almost done, the moon is low in the sky I feel like going out before the night passes by.... Kuwait Time loool Not U.S.A haha
Whee! Got my first capoeira belt tonite!
We bouta get busy on the 6ers
I've just personalized X for Android with my Twitter posts!
m m good! enjoying some lunch :)
SHOUTOUT-----> <-------FOLLOW HER IF U LOVE ONE DIRECTION!
holy smokes 2 spine busters, 3 pedigrees, a million chair shots, and a tombstone and taker kicks out!please retweet
Pretty sure that this writing project and my spirits will be exponentially improved if I heave my laptop through the front windows.
My family loves the Cherry Limeade!
for the sake of your stomach I hope not...
#brand equity is the sum of all the hearts and minds of every person that comes into contact with your company
saw and ad for a trip to kenya for a safari. why can't we make this happen?
*slapmyfro* I must create this language.
I'm finnah have to cook after this second blunt to the head..
I don't think Anna's boyfriend likes us at lunch very much.. Were very awkward and embarrassing but that's what makes it so funny :)
On our way to get in the studio with
that guy in the stripes is an Oliver Hardy double
im nervous about this test result
GM ... It's FREEZING outside <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>.. Perfect weather 4 a BELLARGO HOODIE <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I really want to try using a turntable...what should I mix first? I need #goodmusic suggestions...and turntable suggestions haha. :)
If you got a direct message from me, someone hacked my account. Don't open.
Coffee at 8 PM = awesome music making capabilities plus hi hat induced panic attack multiplied by not falling asleep tonight
when someone close to u dies... move seats
the winner will be announced next week at the reunion show I guess.
I Hope to god they are, but Naw they in my lap top tho RT : lol they in cincy?
The short ones work, too, and seem easier to come by! Hm, wonder why that is...
why am i so tired today!!
#ICantDateYouIf you literally misuse the word literally.
We are overwhelming twitter with knowledge!
Same. It's to the point where I actually arrange my trip around going there
The key to happiness........"Doing what you love with who you love."
This has been a pleasant experience
where y'all play at?
your smile >
Things are well...staying busy!
Cintolo: "In this courtroom, it’s not proof beyond a reasonable doubt-ish. It’s not, not guilty-ish."
What I bought – 2 May 2012 - Comic Book Resources
Taking mini naps in between texts when you're laying in bed late at night.
Had an epically beautiful drive to Ukiah. This venue is Merica! Come check out a solid bill Ukiah!!
hmm the world will never know haha
- that's clearly insane.
High fructose corn syrup may contribute to cancer growth due to being high in compounds that cause tissue damage and feed cancer cells.
No! Chuck picked the #Lakers. They're doomed now.
Pop enthusiast.
good looks yo
why is that? Curious..such a water based plant. What is the vasodilator in it?
#questionsthatdontgetanswers Is that crosseyed person connecting with me?
Oh yea, since they just LOVE water ;)
This phrase works, no matter the side. Volunteer, VOTE. RT 6 days left. Don’t get angry. Get active.
I am listening to Cousin Brucie on SiriusXM
thanks for the @ mention
Have you been using the Business Center? It is perfect for homework or group projects!
Ways to get food. Ancestor: hunt, gather. Bird: fly agape. Me: trade symbols for packets. Cat: walk up to human, scream. Cat wins.
HOUSE is on its season finale. I had no idea.
would that be charlie?
Exactly...who has home court?
Still nothing...???
RT : bizarre isn't it? I feel like I fell thru the looking glass&ended up back in the 60's. Geez, I did this once before! lol
RIP Incognito. may ocean faires sing you to your sleep.
Wassup Everyone ? Mention Me (;
Migraine. Bummed. And now I have to work. Joy
did you even listen to those Voxer messages you sent? Lol
I hope to god I get my little girl , I've always wanted <3333 #iKnowHeWillTakeCareOfMeAndHisKid #IHateMyFamily /:
giants won
oh and you could never go wrong with a BMW .. Im not a fan of the benz... Unless its a coupe :)
Will I read now, or will I fall asleep with the complete works of Poe on my head?
Ortiz Middle School Marching Band-Houston Directed By Roderick Kennedy Selected To The 4Th Annual MLK Day Youth Parade-Houston 713-953-1633
MT Great TEDxUSC talk by Prof. Douglas Thomas on innovation and the importance of ASKING QUESTIONS [esp. in #highered].
If had an instagram>>>>
i wouldnt like this world to change without me.
got a wedding, after that not sure. Whaddup?!
The fact my mom thinks I'm made out of money. Calm down, it should be the other way around lol
'I know my chickens' Mario Alberghini.
" Poetry In Motion "
OMG YES!! if she ever signed me i wouldnt wash it off until i got it tattoo'd on lol
Amplified word of mouth of positive or negative experiences via social media will make or break healthcare orgs. via
Going to the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra classical roots concert.this afternoon...SO Excited!! :-D
Israel has a right to defend herself until the attacks on Civilians stops. Why are you saying that they are shunning a truce????
In Our Schools: April 19 - Wauwatosa Now
I'm bored in this damn class my computer taken 3years to loade uugghh -_____-
thank ya(:
For a pessimist, I'm pretty optimistic.
I like to ask if it moved them, spoke to them, if they thought it was beautiful or ugly (as appropriate), then why.
Best Coast - Boyfriend
Listened to Sweet Caroline about 30 times today
occasionally i'm blown away by strategies. this is awesome
lol this is the last weekend that will be dedicated to books for a long while
Went to the Shedd Aquarium for the first time today... Not sure it was worth the money. :/
Its Mothers Day we will have hours today from 10AM to 3PM. A gift from Soap and Spa Essentials will bring a smile to your mom.
which part?
Corporation,n:an ingenious device for obtaining individual profit w/o individual responsibility. Ambrose Bierce
#Tigers game rained out, listening to fresh new album.
thanks for the follow. Good luck tonight!
Just posted the selected films from Program Two for the Festival, these films will play Sat/Sun the 11th & 12th at 1pm
RT "United Way raises $5.1 billion worldwide." - UWW President &CEO Brian Gallagher
Doesn't the DC figure suggest the limitations of per cap income as an indicator?
my ex calling my phone asking if she can stunt with me
i am, but im being serious. i wasnt joking around
So true. The delight of watching TV shows whenever I damn well please (and not on VHS) hasn't worn off for me.
"The Muppets" is good, but it overemphasizes sweetness. More Marx Brothers lunacy next time, plz.
Wow! When are you going to find time for all that reading?
haha! better skip rather than watching this fuckery..on which channel was it btw.
I'm teaching a class & giving a presentation next week and I'm freaking out. Will I ever stop being so nervous?
ahahaha hahahahaha Johnny I swear you're the funniest!
I love how much you love Mariah! So cute :)
we'll be sharing why women leaders are needed in Milwaukee and how to get involved!
Preparing for the worst, hoping for the best
..what up Zo
on what
Funny, I attended that talk at SXSW :-)
Future possibilities: Direct links to data, controlled vocabulary, links to publications, expert view (technical metadata)
LOL this account is dead.
Ayee' Guys I'm Back I Havnt Been Here In A Long Ass Time!!! Anyways Please Follow Me!!?
Left untreated malaria takes about 2 weeks to kill u
Miami HEAT vs Chicago Bulls. Let's go HEAT!
Hi tweets! HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
that's cute
yes she is...but it's a tie.
Thx for speedy payment!! Made my Saturday!
virgin lungs, until she met a real nigga.
“: Some of these guys are just talking to females just to get inside there pants”
good except for it is really hot we r in a drought and it gets bout 107 a day other wise it is pretty good
Time for work duces :)
Tempted to watch TINY FURNITURE for the second time in 24 hours just to relive the pain of being 22 and an idiot.
I know how you feel
How do u go to 3 different wine and spirits and every one was closed, thats gay
we should go celebrate with the penguins in antarctica <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7> ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
State Patrol: Capitol is shut down. Not letting media in.
Investing ANY more resources in it now strikes me as madness (not that it was a great idea to begin with).
we have those behind the back shots with spins lol . And the legendary #ghostserve lol
I now can send flirty tweets to Justin with out feeling #bad!! :P because
they say I gotta booty like free...
Wow! We got to play the same stage as Jimi Hendrix tonight. What an amazing show and great crowd!
My family held on to me tightly I herd sounds that were strange to my ears In the sun it did shock me The sounds were just what I’d feared
exactly. Disgusting.
One of the better things about the return of fall... butternut squash soup is back cafe. Dreaming of lunch already...
#ManRules you have a problem? Say it to my face. The basketball court is the only time I go behind the back
Still feel like a truck hit me. Been three weeks like this! Ugh
After a trip this weekend, wanted to point out that the Android app is fantastic.
If you not already tune into www.thespyfm.com for my girl from also 1 1/2 of loves you katie<3
Does anyone else here think that Blogger is a piece of junk? Or is it just me? Just sayin'.
A caller asks Specter: If GOP convention brokers and he ends up nominee, what would he do? w/o blinking, Specter lays out agenda.
Tumbling < Pickle Juice
Nobody wants to win this one I guess
Hey, you might want to revise your Twitter bio.
Star Wars Episode IV: A Pre-Owned Hope
"All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them." Walt Disney bgr8now
“Don’t fall for the myth of the natural leader,” says “If you want to be in good shape, you have to train every day.”
Don't make assumptions. Assumptions create turmoil. When in doubt ASK!
is it may 7th or may 14th
G'Night -- thanks for tuning in!
fuck you mean !
Highlight of the day was seeing walking the streets in gear. What a smooth dude.
I would ask you to follow me but you already are<3 I love you. (:
since you don't have a Facebook anymore we are celebrating 's birthday May 11th.. trolley around
Give up and nothing happens. Keep going and watch the magic!
So...whatchyall up to today?
Aww... so cute.
I tried to sit on a corn flake, but the van never came :'(
To you as well! : #HappyHumpDay TYVM for following
I will look for it and let you know :) I'll be out your way on June 21 and June 22nd btw
#ihavenotolerance for remaking of classic 80's movies. It just doesn't work.
i put you In a limo I'n 2000 at JFK. You was a humble cat then and I respect your music and acting hustle.
VanNuys Court this morning. Should be nice and HoT at 100 plus degrees in the Valley.
Terrific massage and nap this afternoon...now for an espresso and I can face a new week of work!
Remember this weeks promotion ends on Sunday @ 11pm. Get your jolt of java today just mention boost22 and get your free iced coffee.
Now at home--catching up on house duties; looking ahead to last few weeks of the semester; looking forward to #Kzoo2012 soon.
great shot!
Ohh, thats cool(: what city do you live in?
twitter beef? more like being mad over the internet but not doing anything in real life .. haha just be frriends
Love that little mic flub w/ Ali Sweeney. Was she speaking in tongue?!?
Surely I'm not the first parent to start googling "baby allergies" to be detoured by "baby alligators for sale."
Those were days.
haha how tall were they?
Spotify is by far a better app on the iPad than the iPhone.
#inhighschool I had every color dickies an fatboii socks
S/O my bro and the homey #YOUNGNIGGASWINNIN'
aww girl im not gonna lie i don't miss the place but i miss the people:) and dude i was a great teacher..
- it's all about the reading of poetry, no?
Gonna retweet an old tweet of mine cuz it's real-Cheez Wiz in your fanny pack is a new upcomin thing, watch out.. O also artist James Clar!!
For the love of God and all that's good...
Pumped to see Chandler Hoffman for today. He has chance to be that natural scorer US Soccer has never had. He'll be real deal.
Hell yeah Hell yeah, hell yeah Fuckin’ right Fuckin’ right, all right
will I receive half the revenue from all purchases? ;)
Good afternoon everyone! How was your holiday weekend? Nothing too crazy I hope!
Sauna + steam room + chipotle= cured hangover.
how was it?? I wanna go there!!!
I love this song
#ALL THE GOOD EATING HABITS
Thank you very much for the follow. I like what you have going on here.
rather than wage a war on women, why not wage one on the LOOPHOLES that allow our jobs to be outsourced?
i felt like that on thursday night!!! its such a scary feeling O_o
hey....i like to drink
These are awesome recs! And near to my place too (I'm near Columbia Heights). Thanks!
nice! Please tell her thank you!!!
I am fully supportive of peer pressure in this situation :)
Hong Kong Phooey
Answer our earlier question and win a plush throw. Tweet True or False using #acsskin. RT and get a second entry!
We're sorting through all the entries for our little year's supply giveway and putting them into a giant fedora ...
and remember most iPad use is on WiFi, indoors!
I don't understand why people put spaces before a period in their sentences. Ugh!
Can anyone tell me; what is the significant difference in Regular Radio (AM/FM/Shortwave/Satellite Radio), and the amazing Internet Radio?
Nigghas Dont Want They Name Tatted On Yuhh They Just Want Tuu See If Yuhh Dumb Enough Tuu Do It
Follow us on Twitter and find out where our will be tonight and with who. RT!
I'm neutral on this game, but hopefully the #Steelers can make some halftime adjustments and make a game out of this. #Packers are killing.
What's up with all the high school cliques having the one blk goth dude with the relaxed hair? What the dudes deal?
Everything > School
Bahahaha. I mean, I would've done the same. She was getting clingy, taking over your life lol.
"I hate the man in the mirror, cause his reflection makes the pain turn realer"
cabin+in+the+woods
Happy birthday double dog-balls
The "American Reunion" billboard campaign is approaching "Whitney" levels of saturation. Does Jim and Michelle's marriage end in sweatpants?
wish today was friday do not feel like going to school tommorrow
Secretary-General: "And the absolute numbers of people living in slums continues to grow."
But at the end of the day, it's all about screen rez for me, and the Lumia's screen looks cheesy compared to the mighty Retina.
Erin Coburn responds to why do you do what you do: For the community
Say, "No," to perfectionism, shame, guilt, and blame. Say, "Yes," to control and self-management.
thanks so much fooofffff
John Wayne kind of "went in" in this movie El Dorado
and how about Reference Ripple, Circulation Swirl, and Ranganathan's Raspberry Rules
Who's recording with me thelis weekend...? Sunday its going to be all day recording!! :-D
"I hate bouncers that take their job way too serious. You're a bouncer at a shitty bar, not a secret service agent"
agreed, but the MLB has to do something about the horrible umpiring this year. Those pitches we're even close. Embarrassing.
Sean Avery is a cancer
If i had a real job, or three, I'd love every second of it.
Anita. Nice to meet you. Gotta trust there are better days ahead for him. Thanks for your support to the cause!
RT if you wanna text me
You can Tweet & Bee on facebook but you can't make time to talk to me ? Alright .
The things they carry
it's funny because in NHL12 I had a series shutout against the Kings.
2 more weeks till the #indy500 ready to spend the weekend
shout out to great working with you!
wow....u really are an apple..
Gotta get this science project and essay done
I'm doing my laundry & my mom screams at me to come watch tv with her :)
google it if it does not open
I was joking but alright
Envision any locker room problems if Oriakhi joins UK and sees limited minutes?
Oh, but points off for making that tweet rhyme. BO
Before a performance drink water or herbal tea. Caffeine (coffee, Tea, Cola) should be avoided as it dehydrates the tissues of the body.
attended Fl Bar mid-year meeting and #eminent domain committee mtg - some interesting case law developing out of 5th DCA
enjoy your day!
Um, I wanted to go so bad, let me know how awesome it is:)
Wtf? How is that a foul?
Gotta go with Decastro at 24. Then I'd immediately try to get 25-28 by trading one of their 7th round picks and maybe a 4th
you forgot me at the airport.
LOL Did We Really Say That? Wtf Were We On Hahaaa
DUBAI- Abu Dhabi developer will build a branch of the LOUVRE in late 2013, as told by The Tourism Development and Investment Co.
how are you?
We're all excited for the upcoming release of Salesnet Mobile. Putting the finishing touches on now. Try the beta if you haven't already.
Wondering if 1D will ever come to Hawaii...crying myself to sleep. Lol, jk. But I really am wondering.
Interesting that it seems to view you the same way. :-)
Well that deadline snuck up on me. Looks like it's going to be a working weekend.On top of that -- a cold. Great.
My research findings suggest that the ancients were probably more "scientific" minded than generally accepted.
Gorgeous day today! RT : Not a cloud in the sky. NICE!
I love my new twitter name. :-)
RT : Is this some kind of jump ball record?
Floyd stop running your mouth and step up to the best. Scarred
There is no freedom, but the quest for freedom, that search is what makes us free. -Carlos Fuentes
found your blog by accident and I'm SO glad I did!!!
I dig the tilt-shift technique you used on a photo on the blog!
"Discipline doesn't prevent bullying because discipline doesn't prevent bias." director at Dept of Ed
I woke up wanting chocolate chip cookies... what the hell is wrong with me?
Countdown to #SherlockPBS & livetweeting for the Best Coast with your hostess with a slow laptop but an RT button to make up for it... ^DDA
Tonight's event: Headed to 's monthly art event in a bit for release and tunes!
The flower makes u look sincere and sexy, u may think that u look angry in this pic but I see beauty surrounded by beauty.
Best way to get out of a text convo: "The message couldnt be delivered due to a temporary network setup error. Please try later. Error 2128"
I volunteer as tribute.
What are you doing tonight?!Broadway bar right???;-) Hottest new night on Fridays in SA! NO COVER $2 Drinks!!Arrive early $50 bottles!!!
Keep your Ouija board free of gum. I just spent the last hour talking to someone named "Mlmlml" who was difficult to understand
Here here instant access is not only what we want it's what we need!
The Golden Globes are on! Yippy. :)
“: I Hate Stepping In Wet Spots With New Socks >.<”Shit be the worst jus makes me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
You Be The Anchor That Keeps My Feet On The Ground, I'll Be The Wings That Keep Your Heart In The Clouds..
When you bring up subject [x] by saying, for example, "We needn't mention [x]," you're using PARALIPSIS.
GRENADE- BRUNO MARS
Last night the 76ers 86'ed the Chicago Bulls 79-78, ending their '12 post-season.
I'm having a serious sushi craving. May have to break down and get some for lunch tomorrow.
why can't you?
lol im pretty good :) just got home! Wbu?!
who would've thought..
If you would clean your house - I'd come over more often :)
Isn't he fabulous!!!
Come join Bull Moose Party, Constant Alarm, & the NRIs TONIGHT as they rock | $10 | Doors open 8pm
#NJDevilFans visiting the 2morrow join us at the PENALTY BOX is ready!!!!
just add a little Tajín and #baam good to go.
Infographic: Mortgage Rates
I knew that's what ya meant. No worries :)
You are your own individual
Morgan has like 75 PA, a rather small sample size. Related: Matt Kemp is not going to end the season anywhere near .400.
Heart in one direction Mind is 180° from that
Need Radio promo for your club/party/event. Contact for more info
Why didn't anybody tell me Star Tours is closed and rekaunching in 2011?
Great weekend in #KeyWest - now back home to #Weston and back to offering the best prices on #printed tees and #embroidered apparel!
i dont do cheat days. i dont struggle much. planning and creativity are key. we eat some damn good meals so we hardly crave
hey should I come by and get donations tomorrow?
If you have a great photo of people in action send it to and it could be published in the Chicago Citizen.
“: #JustForToday Practice Solitude>The best thinking has been Done in Solitude. The worst has been Done in turmoil ~ Edison” LOVE!
he said, "happens all the time", but we didn't even think about her comment. So email to claim YOUR prize!
Thank you so much! And thanks for coming out and being a part of it!
What happened?! What'd the new ICONiacz do?!
One down. Three to go!
Here We Go Again<U+2665>
“: I CANNOT WAIT FOR THE NEW SEASON OF #KUWTK OMG.”. AMEN
buy a car from them and call me for an oil change
GM yall. I slept late and breakfast is so delicious.
Economizing means sometimes taking connecting flights. Good news. We got into Chicago on time!
uh I don't think I've ever seen that in a rule book. & did Dillon tell u that? His family loves when I take their dog on walks
Rick Carlisle agrees to new deal to coach Dallas Mavericks Rick Carlisle has agreed to a new contract with the Mavericks that will
the weather is stupid here right now!
Nice! Love the logo too.
ok here we go again sittin at the oncologist waiting to see if i still have to worry weather or not i still have cancer.
Nice to meet you too :)
what is your favorite advertisement of all times?
Thank you =)
#Iam Pittsburgh's Premiere Semi Pro Basketball Team.
OMG! Richie just put prenantal pills between my pillows & on my bed. The smell just made me sick!
Me too! I hate paying money to do a chore I already don't like. If someone charged me to dust, it'd never get done.
should I stop being the way I am ... Umm NO !
give us a follow and we can talk.
It better not be windy again today. My park schedule has been messed up because of it. I'm on PO'd puppy without my park time.
Phone patron wanted hold on Shelters of Stone by Jean Auel. In junior high we used to read the sex passages to each other.
Sitting on my back patio appreciating the simple things in life. #Fireflies. They are actually pretty cool to observe.
Hey all, only 5 days left to help OSO provide music opportunities to our talented Troops @ www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff!
"He who walks in silence quarrels with nobody" Swahili Proverb...
I feel like listening to Tupac.
THANK YOU SO MUCH! :)
yup. that means a full dose of Braun who I thought played pretty well under the circumstances.
Because it was over I think.
Fall warehouse sale! Chicago design house’s overstock bedding/pillows/table linens/EVERYTHING 4 up to 80% off! www.unisonhome.com Fri-Sun :)
Having addressed the Internet, we await the Internet's reply.
Glad Favre thinks his indecisiveness is funny enough to parody in an ad. I'm sure the Vikings think it's HILARIOUS too!!
Video: on restoring the economic security of middle class Americans. #Obama2012 OFA.BO/ijTVb7
Thanks for the follow, James! I work in the same building as the What a cool idea...
I can tell from our icons and bios that we are meant to be friends :')
After two days, 1100 miles, listening to radio thru small Nev/Cali towns and a tire blowout in Grants Pass-I'm in Vancouver. Good2Bhome.
Have you checked out Google Listen? It's podcast-specific. I just downloaded it today, so I can't make a real recommendation.
Today was an amazing day, I'm so beat and I can't wait to eat for the first time
I hate when people don't put stuff away that they used
I honestly love his hair both colors, so it really wouldn't matter to me. In the end he will still be sexy.
Got that ass in check
Those people who say they have to go to bed and it's only 9 <<<<<
What did you think of Glee?! :D
The name is starting to grow on me. Better than his runner-up option: Mega World Catastrophe.
Thanks! RT : Hehe and I just high fived on behalf of PA stealing and !
and remember georgia library folks, get your FREE webjunction georgia account now at ga.webjunction.org if u don't have one already.
Yes, via my work email only. Thank you.
Ain't this just like the present, to be showin up like this...
The secret service guys that got caught buying whores were upset until they realized that James Bond is usually caught the same way.
Ahh yes, crunching. That visceral pleasure that hearkens back to the regular presence of insects in the ancestral human diet.
hahahaha #mytanningaddiction cant live without it
Hey, I just met you and this is crazy. But here's my middle finger, so fuck off maybe? This is us!
see! your mean. bye
killing time on twitter to avoid doing taxes...seems reasonable to me....
:/ i cry on this part everytime on hurricane season
Right thing, sure. Political sleaze factor would've been a LOT lower yesterday, though. LCRs are right on this one.
understandably so!
dude u missed the fight u shouldve came
off tomorrow to Cleveland for the Oral History Association's council meeting. Important work for #oralhistory . Any requests for OHA?
I miss cornbeef on rye with mayo and cheese, fries and a piece of blueberry pie. Oh the good old days. I need back to LA soon.
Cereal serving sizes need government intervention, like they did with sodas. No way anyone actually eats a serving that small.
LOLOL! haha, wear pajamas! tmrw i bring my bantal also as a complete set.cheh fake :)
I would love to see a live concert. Any chance that could happen here in the states?
Can't wait to apply this to upcoming work "Healthcare content doesn't have to suck"
A cancellation has given us an available appointment time for early afternoon today. As for Friday all appointment times are filled.
The outside 3 in field set with Sabercat, I'll Have Another and Liaison.
it was a theme.
All true #ravens fans had to see that Boller would be back here 1 day
Thanks so much! You are so kind. Looking forward to seeing you very soon!
its still yours, which means no! Lol
Welcome Welcome to Sacramento! Can't wait to see you on the court! If you're ever in #downtownSac Please come by our shop!
Hoping to catch a round 2 Playoff Hockey Game. GO HAWKS! Beat Kelowna.
I love you more<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
We begin filming on the show tomorrow! I am 2 excited!
Have you ever got that thought about going to sleep and never waking up? I have. ._.
terrific university lunch program! Enjoyed candid insights from the speakers plus beneficial networking time
Bored still wide awake
Stop retweeting people and thinking your a "bad ass". Your not.
Badger fans streaming into our tip-off party. Love the enthusiasm from the folks in bar. We covered this last year. I'm not Bret Bielema.
Thanks to for live-tweeting the event today.
What was it that Jor-el, father of Kal-el, said to the Science Council? -"Fellow scientists, Krypton is doomed!"
And i just want you to know, you're far from the usual <3
Abso-friggin-lutely!! RT : Mayo: "We should still keep the discussion going about slavery."
Get up there on the infield and take a line drive to the cock like a real man!
Great morning
which city are you in?
Lets go! ": Let's make #iwant1Dtix a trend. "
looks pretty good... if it were open source it actually might have a chance against WP. second best CMS i've seen!
Singing twinkle twinkle little stars with my baby cousin and i dont even no all the words!
I'm gonna see you you in a little bit and when I do we are gonna fight >.< your the scrub!
RT : SPREAD THE WORD! Good people to follow on innovation -
As a keen enviromentalist, I, like most people, only wash my hands when there's someone else in the bathroom at the same time.
Some day, I will come visit your new brewcation!
I'm excited for a few things coming up :))
adorable! Cant wait to see you both
Big day tomorrow prepping. #Night strangers!
Congrats to Kevin Durant on becoming the youngest player in NBA history to win three consecutive scoring titles.
As much as technology takes over, there's still plenty of room for developing critical thinking skills
Getting ready for today! :-)
Definitely! Lots of good ones this year too.
beyond frustration.
I'm excited to announce I'll be shooting a sci-fi spec pilot at the end of the month... on a studio spaceship set. How cool is that?!
I have no problem with going back there! #meatandgreet part dos
Day 1 of training done - the future looks bright if these guys are successful!
someone was like "there's a dirfference between dating someone&being boyfriend&girlfriend" LOL.
#AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay Can I borrow some money I'll give it back tomorrow.(How Many TImes You Heard That One LOL RETWEET)
do u think i should sighn up for chior next year
We're thankful for all of our followers and #Miami fans! RE: Q2 What are you thankful for this Thanksgiving?
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO MY MOMMY!!! LOVE THAT GORGEOUS WOMAN ALWAYS
lol right im.not going for it
I wanna go on an adventure . . .
Good what? Don't keep me in suspense?
yeah i smoke but never with the trooonnnnnnnnn
what r u doing for nye?
hell ya
My first story for NJ, on Santorum, hits cyberstreets at 6 a.m. A sidebar, to be sure. But still....
If you love Wisconsin-made stuff (and who doesn't?), you should #FF !
it's the jay feely ahow
what is the problem now
LOL RT If my friend asked me to keep a secret & said, "Don't tell a soul," can I still tell my ginger friend?
Alex will you be around tomorrow at Baltimore and Green? I have your sandwich
It's the wild west of page design
If I was the commissioner of a sports league, I'd go after the entire TEAM when guys like Torres or Metta act bush league.
50 shades of grey & a bubble bath on this ugly day<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
is that thing alive?
Thank you Icey!
I think I like Mike's Hard Limeade more than Mike's Hard Lemonade.
haha Love that they insisted they had seen it before.
I just feel amazing but I don't want to go to school. Just heard a man got shot in my neighborhood. People will think worse things about us
There's a fine line between being tan and looking like leather
If you think repairing your home is expensive then what will be your cost & stress of a house sitting UNSOLD? Repairs might be cheaper.
On the road at last! CA friends, we'll miss you & hope to see you soon. DC friends, we're coming to eat your food and sleep on your couch!
Peter Bol: geospatial databases need to document sources for each assertion
: #icanhonestlysay good things happen to those who wait, while they
Resurrect Romance week - any ideas? I love message in a bottle - going to make one of for my sweetie later today.
thank you!.....I think? Lol!
Blossom and Joey on the new commercial! Ha!
Like Sports? Like Marketing? Follow for the best of both.
I don't think anybody up there realizes there are other religions besides Catholicism.
lol I need to start doing that myself. How is your daughter arm doing?
Come to The Bowman on Harford Rd, just off the beltway, Carney exit. Free live music - me & Will. Good times yeah!
great choice!
I still might be.
We are so ready for the Sworn In show! Can you say full set?
need 2 give his team a pep tlk or sum ... #celticsnation ova here
Well we're waiting again , throwing thumbs on the side of the road
and - are you here?
I see thanks.
Every thing you do can make a huge difference - do you believe everyday is Earth Day! What have you done to protect the earth today?
Very similar to Rochester. Here, inner-ring eastern 'burbs are mostly built out. Exurbs expanding. But downtown coming back.
What the--!? It's SNOWING outside!!!
when people are like'' followed me on month/date/year "&ur just sitting here like ,umm ..cool ithink ill just go back&eat /0/
I'm assuming Bob's been doing his Lowe's runs solo lately.
At night my tooth hurt, fortunately, it does not hurt.
So I'm invisible to you now? Oh okay, that's cool. I've always wanted a superpower.
Join the Mailing LisT
11 Top Celebs to Follow Me,Myself, I, my husband Austin Mahone, His self, and him! (: Good enough!
Prince Sports files for bankruptcy protection
Without forgiveness, there's no future. ~ Desmond Tutu
not a twitter addict but good morning from a coffee addict!!
Finally starting to get good at mancala
RT : Luv this one: When everythings going good, stupid looks smart. Dave Ramsey
of course lol (:
Very weird! If you need help finding a great apartment please contact me at
Agreed. RT : Acting technique only gets you so far; act instinctively. Listen, then react.
The start of another focused week. Get specific. Now, go get it!
hey, u spell "A$$" like me :D we hav soo much in common
“: you can.”// yes but it isn't really encouraged. Foundation doesn't like ear-marking. We still do it, though.
but perhaps that's from seeing our guys fade after a few years deep in the playoffs :-P
Beez in the trap.
Augusta gig went great. Band kicked. Now, after 4 hours of sleep, headed to Atlanta airport. Coffee!
I really wish I was going to Nashville with you guys for the #bearcats and
About to tee off for the first time in 2 years...Hide your windows, children, and take cover if you're a bird!!
Less than 2 hours to kickoff!
Thats really great! Kimchi is so good for you.
Central State is also known as hood rat central lol
"Every man dies. Not every man really lives" – William Ross Wallace.
Varnum: tagging is an altruistic act, favoriting is a personal act
Chancellor Thorp says UNC graduates 90% of students within 6 years. That's a great investment of NC tax dollars.~D
hmm. Yes. In fact, I'm thinking of genetating AMIs for dynamic versioned staging.. and maybe load balancer adds.. fun times :-)
Spring is in the air!!!! #fuckschool #I'mready4summer :/
Bro i swear at&t can kiss as
Oh no I'm so sorry. That must be really, really tough. I'll keep her in my thoughts and prayers for a speedy recovery.
Eh, I don't know what he thinks but I'm pretty sure he's against both. I'm more of a Ron "Live and let live" Paul kinda guy :-)
jejejejeje im boring:B what's up?
#WeSupportAMeezy can I get a follow?! Im so proud of how far you have come<3
Muppet Treasure Island: still epic.
I know, right? 17,000 nationally, apparently!
RT : I want to write a children's book titled "swearing is okay, when your older"
The First Principle of Kwanzaa is Umoja (unity).
Writing should be harder because you start with nothing. But most days I'd rather be writing than editing.
...or that you've traveled a long way from the morality you grew up with... or the screenplay is embarrassingly bad.
How awesome was this? RT : Late Night now! Opening with singing "In My Room" check it out.
Exercise is done against one's wishes and maintained only because the alternative is worse . - George Sheehan
I saw a guy using a leaf blower in this wind. RT No one could have predicted a tumbleweed snowman would blow away in the wind.
thanks for posting these great photos Alysa!
RT : We are looking for nursing students,nurses & faculty who would like to be guest bloggers. Interested? Send us a...
what's your favorite song off the album?
Haters gonna hate <U+2665> And i'll hate them even more (;
discontinued because it represented an "under-performing" era.
Does Anyone have a youtube account
Hey tell Ms.Ford I won't be at first period tomorrow so she doesn't have to wait for me to walk in late like always
Just got done working out, bout to shower and go to bed lol
Well here comes Papelbon to try and close the Red Sox. Lets make it a blown save!
Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone! What are your plans for tomorrow?
ohh haha okay have fun! im sorry i couldnt help!
Madonna....sorry youre old....youre not as amazing as you used to be-.- no hate but seriously.
Yep -- IT guy -- he's very excited
~ This has to go on my bio ASAP!
Casemaker, , Loislaw, others offered by state bar assns should lead us to incorporate them.
hook me up with a link so I can get one bro!
At the families house.... Family events are so boring and always ends up with forced conversations
Dear Boot Campers, sorry it's 67 degrees and you are going outside for some boot camp in Feb! #outsidebootcamp Tabata Tod!
Wegmans app will change how you shop for groceries. And of course the PXY and BUZZ app! :)
Auditions for the upcoming Broadway Auditions Seminar in Charlotte, NC are on Saturday at 1pm. Do not miss out on this wonderful experience
WARNING! will be at our event everyone.
And you must give me yours!?
Judging by his fascination with ceiling fan, I am pretty sure Silas would greatly enjoy a lava lamp. Dirty hippie.
What's all this fuss about loving Starlin Castro? Sure, he took strike 3 with bases loaded, 2 out in the 9th....Never mind.
You own my heart <3 he just renting...
Always chuckle when I watch the reunion of RHODC. You guys make me laugh!
One of the true gifts of nature to be enjoyed in life.
hard work and dedication always pay off Good luck to you
Welcome to the team Janette!
Wait, I don't read that publication/site anyway. As you were...
Where Kate's Next Big Trip Will Be ...?
Bet Let Me Know Im Going OverSea In June
Wine, chocolate and football. Does it get better?
Painted me nails; they look like watermelons<3
So Garcia is gunna replace Nova. This game is done!
#nextironchef is gonna be epic!
Lost 3 followers ): oh well xP
Disappointed. I have tickets for 5/12 and looked forward to it. More worried about Brooks. A childhood hero.
The Muse has finally released me; proud to have completely outlined the novel's new opening, and beaten out many pages...break time before
Really wish Airlines would have lids for their coffee. bumpy flight and a child next to me could be a bad scene shortly.
swat raid that Everybody getting locked up
get your tan on for the 3 day weekend!
tuesdays work for me
DiRT3 Rally it is... I would stream but no one ever watches lawl
thanks for adding the image! Everyone should know that fucker. If this was 4 Chan, dox would be dropped... ;-)
“: Hey , remember that one time when I was naked in 's hallway??” tonight?
Some smug dad just hit me the crotch while carrying his stroller down into the subway as I was coming up. This is real.
Oh sweet! Thanks! I've been wearing these 24 hours a day, since Monday! :)
Happy St. Patricks Day everyone... Have a blast and be safe!
I was very entertained by those last 40 laps, although I don't know if I could stay interested for an entire race.
I remember those days. When you heading back to Oswego?
#longliveskunkhair huh. man how i've missed that
ew running the mile gross
IT'S ONLY THE BEGINNING, ACTUALLY.
That's incredible. From where to where?
trying to decide what to do with my four day weekend
thanks boo! He definitely is :)<3
& it sucks when we break up. Without you, I have no one. Then there's the people who try to be there, but they just don't understand.
Heading to San Ramon, CA for the Leica HDS Worldwide User Conference. Follow for updates!
Soo apparently 512 club went from 5 ppl to capacity by the end of our set! #fuckyes so they offered to give us another set at 10:10p Be thur
Whenever im forced to use the women's bathroom cuz the men's is taken, I can't help but pee all over the toilet seat. normal?
Ooh, we're doing mental rotations with C. Chabris at #NEASC11. I definitely need more coffee for this.
facebook apps center = genius move for them
I'm not lazy. Want proof? I'm tweeting all the time.
I want to thank all of my new followers...thanks for the support! =)
i looked on the website, but didn't find anything. if they do, i am not sure what they are
sure I'll taste anything.
i have alot of inspirations. as a guitar player i would say Slash, Jimmy Page, and Randy Rhoads would be the top 3
Hey you and selena are trending worldwide!
- many thanks for the #FF love! Have a great, productive work week!
aye my phones dead, kik me.
and a HT to both of you; lioe engagers, hard time w/lurkers :-)
my breakfast choices are limited since I'll be leaving my house at 6:30 -_-
hey lady
Definitely rocking the sweatervest today.
DAVE IN SALISBURY IS A FUCKING IDIOT!
“Via our site kids learn compassion & think of other things besides themselves.”
retweet: if you love God †. - I follow back
what kind of cookie?
been winning all game
Do women like beards? If not I'll shave it off just for you, women.
I SO HAVE THIS! RT Obsessive Computer Disorder - To constantly be online or just on a personal computer for fun or entertainment
just finished personal training, done until Wednesday!
heeeeyyyaa not a whole lot since the other night hahaa you
I feel like he was a pretty solid baller
righhtt, we thought we were so cool bc the corner store would sell to us lol. but so do i !
Hello Julie and how are you? That was a good patriots game today. Can you say go patriots. {lol} sorry.
we're u going
KENNY KAPONE MIXTAPE TITLED THE SEED DROPS OCT 9TH
not till January :/
ooh! I've still never read the first one. I have Drowned Cities (Bacigalupi) coming on Weds!!!
and yes we have been super "lucky" not be be in the frying pan! I have being hot!!
Absolutely dreading driving school tomorrow...
yeah same here. I keep many of my cruel thoughts to myself. doesn't mean I'm not thinking them.
Wingman's taking the day off - what should we do? :). Starting out with kickbutt eggs Benedict at Lola's...
*Sings in my head* I ain't gone hate on nonething but she can't love you like I do
Having a great day at the salon although it is raining!
Yea! RSS for everyone!
valid points from both. Yes it was dumb, Im just saying, punching things when hoops angers you is not new to me.
My boss is snoring at his desk...smfh..
that is still good!!
Huge congrats to who just took down the 2k event at #EPTGrandFinal for a cool 120k |
Feeling good about this week chruch was great so it set an amazing tone for me so I'm claiming it this week is ours thank you lord!
aqua man is DC sir... Haha
$55 for gen adm. tix for all sessions isn't bad, but no way I would pay that to stand on the outfield deck.
Funny, I was doing some research for next week's femlead chat, and that's where I came across the sources.
Consensual Sex workers are allies in the fight against trafficking. We are IGNORED by anti-trafficking activists! WHY??
Ugh why is my plane always the one to get delayed.
great night tonight playing on the Harriott II.... see ya'll next Saturday at 1048!
Be ready for them to show up. Once you do that, you'll get love.
thank you! i asked u that because i'm a huge fan of both so I'm going to buy Drake's album in a while. thx babe :D <3
So excited about label reading quiz! Hope I win the grand prize from Enjoy Life!!
I just saw several 12 pass vans in the LifeWay Visitor Lot. I'd be lying if I said that that wasn't tough. Oh, camp, I'm gonna miss you...
How to love
you did see how I said you made it right?
Plus, the sight of Our Hero can be intoxicating.
Thinking of doing Start Up Weekend Honolulu () this year. Could be a fun change from research :)
Keep calm and thank Geo.
Follow me?!
My boss is on cloud 9. Her article was accepted for an upcoming ASCD Educational Leadership issue.
LEBRON TWITCHES. Now let's go get that Championship
Just had my daily near-barf by way of ultrasound pic on Facebook moment.
Thanks guys, I felt a little lost but now I FOUND it. YAY.
my dad almost got into a fight with a lady smoking at the pump! Kelsey was there!!
day is flying by.. That makes for a good Friday..
Wolfram Alpha Pro now available, $4.99 a month; will let you throw almost anything at it for analysis
I LOVE the Mango Habanero kale chips. They are amazing! Thanks #blogathonatx for introducing me to them!
Thank you for helping us spread the word!
they don't make that much in endorsements. I mean Lebron probably makes 10+ in endorsements. The rest are in single digits.
I love music, i don't think i can ever see myself without music. <3
Stitched up Heart is an Awsome Band love them to death:)))
Just out of curiosity, do you remember where you got the 80% figure? That would be remarkable!
that's fantastic.
Hey Austin!!
Thanks for the App Dev Love! Let's get in touch - Shoot us an email info[at]mindgrub & we can talk apps!
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little - do what you can. ~Sydney Smith
You're crazy.
Is it ok to tell new job I need a day off so soon? It was preplanned before my hire. Only taking a Friday.
yeah and I'm hungry. I've been standing here since 2:40
you know you're in glendale when...
shoulders still hurt from pong?
None of these players pay my bills or put money in my pocket, it's solely for my entertainment, mad? Unfollow me
I wanna SHOOT the next person who makes fun of my spanish!
Can't close out again come on mavs
My coffee cup's lid leaked, in my bag, down my shirt and then down my pants on my motorcycle ride in this morning! So awkward. . .
#10-mustfollowtumblrs I must follow my beer all the way home
: hey. What are you doing?
where are you now? filming?
Thank you! Love your tweets. Joel
If you would find happiness and joy, lose your life in some noble cause. A worthy purpose must be at the center of every worthy life.
#YouKnowItsOn when i go south ;O
Where is your favorite Forrest?
that moment when you find a rap song u've been looking for for a long time and puttin it on repeat :)))
Hey, can you DM your map and other work. Very interested in addressing this blight!
i lovee you
Happy Thanksgiving Everybody!!!
the #youeverwonder master
Barrio Tequila Bar in 15 minutes. Come by!
How often do you do laundry?
if you are looking for a Las Vegas trip for the Super Bowl this weekend you might want to book them now before prices go up even higher.
I love my ESL life! It's ALL good, even when it's not.
I haven't been in anyone's life lately. I just got back into Raye's and Lisa's yesterday. Sorry. I'll make it up to you!
To celebrate CNS’s 25th anniversary I pored through every Bach cantata and chose 25 to perform that season, including 11 in one day
Wishing all my tweeter followers a wonderful weekend to you and your family. Cheryl
make use of what you got. grow your socials.
Word. I sent a text so we'll see what he's up to. I'll probably get there around 530 or so.
Give birth!!!! BItch!
Next time!RT: I love ! Wish I could be there for free Mongolian Beef lunch boxes today,but I work in Natomas. WAAAH!
yes. yes you do.
Follow new hastag #ogi2 for all future updates about the 2nd Open Government & Innovations Conference
Did I stutter?? Then b*tch u heard me twice!
Hm...that smell from my breakfast cereal? I stored it in container last used for cabbage soup. Not even sliced banana will fix this.
That's creepy.
Thanks for the follow your twitter puts laughs in my belly.
Looking forward 2 Derby but will miss my Gramps HUGE, 1st time in 35 years I won't be able to share it w/ him.
do you still take Spinning classes?
They dnt know u gonna b da sleepier n this deal this offense fits ya style of play my dude welkome to New York lets get it
family trying to start over again but he feels haunted by what happened. Small town life is a mixed blessing. Great characters!
IT'S MY HALF BIRTHDAY AND EVERYONE FORGOT!!!!
The Downtown News awards Chinatown Summer Nights the Downtowners of Distinction award!
happy birthday Geo! thank you for starting the ICONic Boyz and inspiring millions! #MuchLove <3
Why is my life so good
“Seek the LORD while he may be found; call on him while he is near.” Isaiah 55:6 NIV
I love byzantine art its so magical it transmits me hermetism happiness and peace
TONIGHT #LUXSUNDAYS IS ABSOLUTELY FREE ALL NIGHT FOR EVERYONE! TEXT LuxSundays to 74455 TO GET ON OUR GUESTLIST!
I shall use the highlighter and draw on her face so she could wake up looking bright & shiny & idk c':
sure honey btw im a girl lol! (; my icon is a picture of Austin Mahone!
How i spend my Saturday night is reading fan fiction's about Liam Payne! <3 xx
What is it this time
come on justin it doesnt take that much to follow just the click of a button
he just said lyme wasn't in Tennessee there must have been a mistake on the test I had and he wanted prove of a positive
It just keeps getting better and better. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Getting my #Halloween costume ready!
haha you got to see my weirdness :p
yessir, i believe you when you say you "read the entire documentation of pyramids"
Which bar? I gotta go there when I'm back in Seattle...
All I need to do is walk twice a wk to stay fine
American Idol!!!
Time for Tuesday Mama/Boy lunch & we even have snow
Pat yourself on teh back for that! Seriously.
I think I am waking up just as you're headed off to bed.
Good Morning
The word kill but the SPIRIT gives life if you don't have the HOly SPIRIT in your life
Bitch stfu no one asked you.
RT The difficulty of picking jury is starting to wear on everyone. First hints of anger btw lawyers.
I'm working on that right now thank you
it's all in lbk... #sike!
Happy Birthday
A1 Disconnect about the definitions of an A vs B vs C leads. Q1 What are examples of field/corporate/channel mis-alignment?
There's nothing like being wrong on twitter and then having 5 people correct you. RT It's duct tape not duck tape.
LOVE HIM. “: Can't sleep. Watching Star Trek Next Generation reruns. Q was the best character. Trekkies where you at?!”
That video made my day!!! Best thing I have seen in a while.
Um I seem to be the only person here tweeting =/
NO......WHAT I MEANT BY THAT IS YOU ARE A BOOB OK
wow that guy is awesome
His thing is going to jail for dog fighting.
because more than likely, until a certain age (hopefully), that man is still looking for something else and we always know it.
48 hours, we have to know about Braun by then.
are u jelly austin mentioned my birthday? uh uh i know u'all are
my life kinda went south when I got that thing lol
Riding the new blue line express. So far so good.
For a man to achieve all that is demanded of him he must regard himself as greater than he is.
sorry I've been off the grid helping my wife have the baby at the hospital cause heaven forbid she do anything by herself
You tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is 'never try'. ~ Homer Simpson
Kim kardashian is getting back to her old self...setup shots w startracks that's shes paid for...the hustle is back on!
you gone see
that was awful
ALL THE TIME
Tiger is Golf!!' bring on the Masters
- Big Z says, "someone's mom spilled the beans and she is in BIG TROUBLE"
Still have a headache. But its friday.
Great Nevermore rehearsal! So proud of this cast!!!
I should go to the #gym. But that would entail movement. Not sure I can afford so much time away from the computer...she would miss me.
Never judge a book by its cover, because looks can be decieving. <3
As a longtime customer, I am upset with the inability of your team to solve my ongoing order issues. #TimeforVerizon?
Sitting in the middle of no where in the cold because I ran away
First game the Colts play in Jacksonville.... I'm there
Uhm why am I a loner in anthropology? where tf is
I strongly recommend the poo poo platter tonight!
i know that! but what did i say? im confused!! well i think!
check out our local info at milwaukee.homevestors.com
Is it me or do the #NCAA #Marchmadness game buzzards sound longer and more like Marge Simpson this year?
Taking a serious look into starting seminary next year, probably for an MA in theo/religion/etc. Thoughts/opinions out there?
can't wait to take part in this mess of a topic
I actually like this song addicted
My sister almost burned the house down!...she put a plastic cup with tea filled and 5min later a HUGE flame and smoke everywhere! D:
Life is to short to let ppl hurt you. To kiss slowly. To remeber the times we once had. But for me its thinking how u onced loved me
Anyone online from #fycchat who would not mind engaging a couple of questions I have for an article I am composing? RT?
You should join in!
simply amazing! Happy shooting!
Back to square one! "I can't drink whiskey like I used to back then, that's for sure." - Bach
That made my day, Jonathan! Thx
RT : People get frustrated at me or GTD for their lists. Excuse me--they're not MY lists, nor "GTD's"--they're yours....
eek on the bus :/ oh well, tommorrow is FRIDAY(:
Don't know what I'd do without and <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB> They're my <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Heat transfer relabeling available remove the existing label and apply HT request quote
did i miss something..?? where is the Rose Bowl game..??
Looking through old pictures. And I keep thinking is "wow, I changed my hair a lot."
o I just had geek spring break, now I can have geek summer camp. :)
Thesis jury complete!
Looks great. I love the theme.
Changes to ocean life as a result of acidification.
#Rainbow producers and I slept in the lab last night! #dedication!!! come to the premier. 4/14. Mid.Cin. 7pm
lol I need to know who to contact to get on!
will have any videos?
Wow Patriotic songs 2x an hour on Q997. With salute the troops imaging sounds great and nice Facebook shouts from the Q family listeners.
Carl freely gives out his cell and email to his constituents...this is different.
We're going to crash your wedding and yell out ORANGE!!!!! lol
Thank you for the RT!
The only thing standing between me and Archer is a set of readings for class. Bring it.
More Chicago support for u and Garuda. B rockin it.
I'll spare you all the details but we Are in search of a superheroe drummer to swoop in and save the day. We need a new drummer for...
Had so much fun with , , , Angie, and Yair! Definitely one of the funnest weekends ever! :)
I slurp bubble tea. A second later I hear this echoed across the room by my boyfriend. Apparently slurping bubble tea is contagious.
What if it was "Hot Rain"?
off to PDX. I am planning on eating one item out of every food truck I see. I want to come back 900lbs heavier.
those people are annoying as hell too
Moms signing me up for kick boxing! Hell ya!(:
COOL. I want to but i just spent all my money...i have $10 left :(
Happy birthday to Rocky "Soulman" Johnson, father of the Rock and an all time great on his own merits. 67 today!
I have to turn the brightness on my phone all the way down just to save my battery -___- lol now I can hardly see shit
See you soon, #NathanFillion!
Great graphic design & branding should be a foundation of your business. Not an after thought. Do you agree?
lovin this rain :)
Hi! Question: Got an iced latte at Telegraph Canyon location 2 days ago, but today they no longer make?
now ur buddy mr. wickett is on the yuni b bandwagon. give it time then it will be yuni b is horrible lol
FYI, the golden ticket is still up for grabs. Stop on by soon!
oh.. Hahaha alright!
Lol I had to say it
-- There weren't many options ...
I love you.
Thank God for hometown-and all the love that goes round-and when you're lost out in this crazy world-you got somewhere to go and get found.
Customized Business Cards Will Make a Great First Impression. Make a difference.
I loved April Oettinger's description of artist as viticulturalist and the fermentation of images in Lorenzo Lotto frescoes.
At #nielsenduke asks about how to stimulate more commons sharing in science as happened w/ CC, GNU, etc. in other areas
Day is completely off when my alarm clock doesn't alarm me and wake me up!
Shout out to all them #ballersonbudget fake it til u make it... Lol
Hearing amazing stories from Deb Bauer about the Social Innovation Challenge winners. Cc
The person who is your equal at any skill is never someone you could personally get along with
follow me on instagram : xJaninaMahone ...i follow back <3
Mulrich has it
i'm going to! :D
“: happy for my sis.” she killed it!
Get Money! Gegeget Money!!!
The easiest thing to be in the world is yourself
How are things with you?
Love the trade...two first rounders....go Browns
Reading article in on lonliness & thought about teachers. Isolation is not only the enemy of improvement; it also breeds lonliness
Steak Night. Best steak. Best price. Come see us!
That Awkward Moment When Your @ School Watching Someone Pick Their Nose + Eating The Boogers , && They Think Noones Watching xD
lol ijs! He say they the best so they better be if Imma spend my money on them. Well he did offer to pay for them. But still
At this point Idgaf. anywAys going out with these people tomorrow about to call my bff tonight n c him :)
I am extremely proud of my president today. Keep up the great work!
Quora: Who are the top mixologists in Chicago?
Curtis Granderson's 11th homerun of the year cuts the lead to 2-1. #Yankees trailing the
Doing research, i.e. watching videos of people exploring old mines.
I heard. I only concentrate on batting average myself.
ROAD TRIP! =D I SO EXCITED
they was wack cause they was mad they told us mb was there but they wasn't
Eating at Ruby Tuesday :)
I need Kansas state to win!!!
I know. Definitely DVR.
Wishing I was knee deep. Cannot wait to take the boat out this summer.
Sounds fun! Let me know what time and I will check with my people. :-)
it looks good!!!!! I don't get why you don't like it!
Resist the devil and he will be forced to flee, nag a man and so will he.
Oh my gosh, that was the first time I was seriously freaked out. Not a good ep to watch right before bed!
Food mag double-take: Saveur and BA each have baguettes on May issue cover. Conspiracy or trend?
what time? I'm currently nursing a killer wine headache so I can't make any promises.....
not all typos are created equal. depends on the typo!
Why is it Impossible for u to follow me?!?
Starting out horrible no time for this.
Good one!
PLO session at gecko bc my internet is being a bastard
would like to apologize to the bird I hit with my car this morning. Tweet Tweet.
I wonder if Britney Spear's "Hold it against me" video is for real--blatant advertising! Go Plentyoffish, Makeup Forever, Sony, etc though.
So sorry to hear the news Penny. Always remember the brand you built is yours. There is no other PennyParker.
That's easy... cause they're not that fast! See NYE... Go Toadstool.
#sometimes I wonder when I think about it so much it's tell me something I need to do better
Thx! MT : Beyond loving you blueberry pie, #DCCheapEats is a big fan of your crab cakes and brunch menu!
Its been a fun year till next year.
Storms make oaks take roots. Proverb
Sunday !! Come over to my house Monday, watch me unpack ?
The nba playoffs shows really who's the best teams and who will survive the longest
lol. Well duh. Most all performers who dance as they sing do...as they should for the Superbowl. Great regardless:).
I think that "hook echos" and "radar indicated tornadoes" de-emphasize the ferocity of real, confirmed on-the-ground tornadoes.
I'm burnt out on drinking. #whattheyallsay but seriously. New people.
hey hey!!!
Ran into at AutoZone, gotta keep those windows clean
I saw yours and it made me wanna play with mine.
Grazie Kathy! I am always honored to be featured in this wonderful recap!
Tonight is called Meat Rack, and apparently according to the men who've approached me, I'm all you can eat.
Why am I watching political stuff? I forgot It's pointless. Back to work :)
Chapman is bringing the heat at the bats game.
it just bugged me yesterday cuz LeBron's three and then the three point play is the only reason they were in it at the end.
Back to the sweaty city. Very proud today to be a new yorker!
and I missed you presence during a very deep conversation last night #wasntthesame without you Oh Madrid
Check out "the Imagined Life". Steve T. & Diana castle. They train you to work like the Leonardo Di caprio's etc.
Finally everything is perfect
Starting the day with Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness in the background.. No wonder thinks I have a 5 year old.
Anyone know a good tea cold remedy?
its true like niggas can't wait for thursday like go ahead and drink then you goin to work friday hung over
If I'm out& I see a woman ass & breasts all hanging out,drunk,on the dance floor coochie all out shes the last type of woman I want 2b with.
haha then where do you reply?
I dislike hearing the term "Banged-up Yankees" What's up with all of these injuries?
Let's root for Mike Rio he fights tonight on the UFC's The Ultimate Fighter Live on FX. Check local listings for details.
In so much pain :((
I will get there.....It's a process.
RT : Our doors just opened! Head to the hill for burgers, beers and the best view of #Cincinnati now!!
Super cute. Are the shoes comfortable?
Mary J turned it out!!!
i'm awesome . Thought i'd hit you up cus its been a min , you know .
Sorry. Problem solved.
What society thinks I do..
Miami, he was coming off of 4 straight tournaments. Won't get any rhythm here.
Good God someone take a log off this Miller Park fire
is on stage at #eTech11 with his talk: "Open Source - Catalyzing cooperation with a Roadmap"
That's what makes u beautiful :) one direction
Bacon is bacon eggs are eggs.dont let a guy get between your legs.He says yur cute,he says your fine.Nine months later he says its not mine.
thx for coming by! :)
I still get scared watching Unsolved Mysteries by myself.
Good things come to those who wait on it ! I KNOW !
thanks for the shutout!!
Great. Makes you wonder why nobody thought of it before...
I despise small cars!! lol again, parents fault ;)
i used to take it was back when it was prescription but haven't really since then. it works well for you?
I bet that's good... Thought maybe you were a fan of Red Hot Chili Peppers
Well kept lady mullet with serious highlights is totally work appropriate
So I am obsessed with #drawsomething!
B12 give me too much energy I b up all day and night
Dammit.. Already seen this episode ):
anyone interested in #graphicdesign work??
G+ is a party we all got invited to but then no one was there.
Holy cow! I just realized. What the heck happened to April?
time for a Midwest intervention
You might want your costume to incorporate thermal
there was no need for that.
oh it's not just you
ugh, love him. If I could I'd marry his voice. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Great date night with my husband! Dinner at then dessert at
My head feels like it's going to explode....information overload!! Hopefully Wednesday it will all come out making sense.
I need 500 followers by tomorrow follow ME
Thanks for sharing that. So angry.
Never seen that movie, nor heard of it. Lol
Or a fairytale. The mothers are always dead there too. What's up with that?
RT : If you want to accomplish the goals of your life, you have to begin with the spirit. - Oprah
RT : Bought the plane tickets last night. Can't wait for
We're also featuring (of course) all the classical music you love. Are you tuned in?
Paula Deen was right. Everything does taste better w/ butter on it. Especially banana bread.
you give me hope. Really a truly great film. #nsn3d <3
I suck big ol Osama bin laden dick!!!!
"complaints" from students lead to investigation against Sarsland.
When people don't reply <<
Thinking of you today, my co-sick friend. I think I've turned the corner, starting to feel much better. Hope the same for you.
nice! Where u living next yr?
Getting ready for the #Pac12 tournament tomorrow!! Can't wait. #GoCougs!
happy birthday dear! hope to see you this wknd
I have this undying craving for a fried avocado taco from Torchy's.
Too much racing through my mind and can't sleep
thanks Want some of sal's chapstick?
West Coast sounds very far away ;-)
The Redskins. If the fans actually believe RG3 will be around more than 2 years.
I Breathe Blessings.
LOUD!!! We making noise tonight.
First tweet! Practice practice practice!
I love speaking
Oh it's about to get real. :')<3
Car salesmen crack me up...awkward city
Thanks, ! I knew #Asheville had it going on :) appreciate the responses Can't wait to visit!
beau says get working and she loves you
Do u know if we r allowed to take pics at all during TPC? Somebody told me there was a ban. Thx :)
I love my girl
yes. And was a fan of Bo Duke;) evening was perfect balance of candor, humor and inspiration!
Where them #Lifers ?
Err, sorry.. who the hell is faith.. I like nemi ?! :O
Saw "Source Code" kind of reminded me of "Deja Vu." It was cool, glad I saw it.
Maybe the question for all institutions now is not whether obsolete, but simply what to do next? We're all obsolete.
Many benefits of Twitter are qualitative not quantitative says at
Happy birthday Erin!!
kept telling everyone, all it takes is one stupid mistake and the whole case gets shot to hell
Valentine's Day has never been a big deal 2 me b/c I want to KNOW I LOVE HIM 24hrs a day & 365 days a yr!
Im blessed! Yeah its been awhile. how is my nephew doing?
So close to being done with this new album. We can't wait for all of you to hear this. RT if you're stoked!
Whatever you think of Newt, Kellyanne is one of his best (only?) surrogates.
Lol me neither i wanna go SHOPPING!
So hungry that your belly button is playing tag with your backbone? Fill it on up with some great food delivered right to your door...
So glad you stopped in! :)
I need a job ASAP.
Rainy gloomy day today, I hear you have the best game in town! Bison, Venison, Quail, etc... Let's not forget best beef in town
Survivor. Cancer Edition. Chemo Island.
Foursquare FAIL
. Bottom line is we can't do international processing yet, but we're very much hoping to do it eventually.
Pretty sure Ron Darling just referred to the ol' "courtesy pitcharound."
Actual convo- Me: "I would get married just for a KitchenAid." Co-worker: "Buy it yourself, it's cheaper than divorce."
“Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies.” - Ann Landers
Quite possibly
Only $3 to get your favorite food delivered to your door! Call the Munchie Express tonight, we start taking orders at 7PM!
Daytime television is so quality
at least I saw rm before so I'm okay with that....
back from lunch and happy the rush is over. it's hard to get any other work done on this desk.
Can you make a minyan with a conference call line? If so, what about with Skype (w/ or w/out webcam)? If so, what about with Twitter?
Thank you, that means a lot! <3 :)
My mom thought computers would be a fad lol. She's a Dr. and was not happy when Medicare made Electronic Medical Records mandatory.
Some people just don't get it!
Any Droid device I log into with my gmail account has the wrong location for me. No where close! Tried to correct this. Any ideas?
IA's in a position to tackle really big and important questions, as evidenced by the tenure team initiative.
Likewise Eric!
there is a cute store on melrose. My best friend gets THE BEST tops there. She got me a couple. I have to get the name for you!
What do you do for a stand up break from work? Phone calls? Video watching?How do you remind yourself? What work can you do standing up?
I like the sound of that. Shoot me an email (in your DMs)
Badminton and Beer Pong.
Packing up to head over to the Fall Social and Arts Preview. See you there!
#MoneyMovies "Set It Off"
Pumped for tonight and tomorrow night
Congrats to who beat me heads up. He played well and deserved to win it!
Women that give it up fast are the Main ones complaining about Love!
This is so tragic! It can be used for reconciliation as people cry out for justice regardless of their race.
couldnt agree more bud. Its the most intense puck but the plays are fuckin crazy. Schenn got fucked up for being physical.
I guess we've really been out of touch .
haha jorge posted that last status
Your toe must be in the water to play the game when trading a short line.
thank you!! I'll remember!! xD What day in November?
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - defines marital priorities for the future including special needs trusts.
Great selection as always! : thank you for the RT
Why didn't I remember to buy chocolate at the store?! WWW?!?!?!?!?
Hectic Morning! & it's still not over! Dear God give me the patience & energy to continue my day happily :)
you know you had fun the night before when you're a little sore the next morning<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Awesome idea! More details? “: Come aboard our Sunday Ice Cream Social Cruise, enjoy a treat & a sweet view of the city!”
Mark Sept. 15 on your calendar for the foundation radio-a-thon on 750-AM. Like last year, unique auction prizes you can't get anywhere else.
This is odd, but I think I watched the 1st season of #desperatehousewives & now I'm watching the last. That's good enough for me :)
Tigers/sox better see some homers
Strange, but did it make it look better?
Healthscape Partners can help #HR and #Finance better manage benefits spend due to our Alliance member companies and their expertise.
Want a beta invite? Share Orpster with as many friends and family as you can!
At the Agora and is taking the stage! :)
Kind of RT : If you still get nervous in front of him/her your
Tonight confirmed is my favorite player.
don't even worry i know he'll make it there for sure one day<3
You probably won’t develop a huge following overnight. Like anything worth doing, building a sizable audience takes time.
TWITTER THURSDAYS @ SILVER WERE GIVING AWAY A FREE PAIR OF TIX 2 C JAY Z + 50CENT CORONAS N WELLS TILL 12AM SO TELL ALL UR FRIENDS
haha , you knew it was a boy? It took us a while to figure out :P
56/60 that's how you do it! You've stepped up your game. I'm proud of you!
I Earned My Keeps Came Out LA said I wanted to Act and Produce Motion Pic Films &it Has Happen Jst 2yrs Yest im Now ACTOR/PRODUCER
I was too!
visualize where u want to be today--and whom u want to there with...
cookies are the best!
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Kendale Thompson °Rising 6th °Syracuse, NY °Travel Team: Gym Rats °Shooting Guard 5’1
Boarding the plane home. Definitely won't be bored reading Hope my neighbor doesn't mind my giggles.
Seeking a recent grad for a great entry level opportunity with a Midtown based org serving the Jewish community around the globe!
Check out & for awesome clothing designs! :)
#SaturdayNightLive I was hoping she would have changed her shoes not her top and jewelry...Sleigh bells
im so bored nd tired ugh
I remember getting Goldeneye 007 on launch day. I don't remember getting an #Error37 with that game though. Strange.
I'm thinking maybe after The Vocate finishes up - a reality based story about surviving on one's knowledge of SCIENCE!
The guy that thought to put a camera on a cellphone was probably tired of girls not recieving pictures of his d*ck in the mail.
we'll see what happens!
Fantastic lecture on night #photography by last night. Who wanted to step outside and start shooting right away?
BUT...the address is slightly different be sure to come to 3109 Wall Avenue, Ogden, UT 84401. SEE YOU HERE!!!
The Staple Center would never look like OKC right now! I think everybody is wearing the blue t. Laker fans can we do the same at Playoffs?
Thank you for watching my videos!! And thanks for your support...it means a lot to me!! i am from Florida :)
Pfizer sells nutrition unit to Nestle, as GSK offloads more OTC ...
Thanks for the mentions and retweets Happy Holidays!
The TAASK is playing 500 songs at Smiths Olde Bar tonight at 9:30 PM!
Thanks! Don't forget to give us a 'Like' on FB! Glad we connected!
I do not know if they read my note on the air, but I seriously doubt it.
Finally checking out 's new album. Love. When are they coming to ATL?
Join us tomorrow 1pm-3pm Gabby Gourmet Restaurant Show from Cellar Wine Bar $15 Unlimited Mimosas /Champagne cocktails ,horderves and apps.
YES! The all new ATL Local 404 shirts designed by will debut and be available for purchase at Web Afternoon.
RT stop engaging in SADNESS media!
#primFTISLANDNYC come to New York please T^T
stop it. I probably won't see you all summer
Trivia - "Red Dawn" was the code name of the operation that captured Saddam Hussein
Ha! Funny! Guess who is tweetin u now! ? Im an actress, i just auditioned and got the part!
Whoa, I haven't hit my allotment before. I'll make that my new goal :)
Seems Verizon centric.
I'm starting a fitness challenge group on January 1st.No better time 2 commit 2 getting healthy than New Year! If u r interested...msg me!
Romans Revenge
We are - are you a filmographer?
It's fun to think
Ivonne!!!! I miss you so much girl! I'm in Florida but we need to catch up soon! Sisters for life!!!!!! Xoxo #love :)
We don't talk about our own folks talking about their own stuff, all we care about is talking, talking about you and me.
Have you checked out my website? When you get a chance stop on by & listen to some new music & watch my videos... www.jonthoward.com
Life is about Balance. Work, Family, Life and responsiblities...
Remember Joey Thomas?
leave me and my glue alone
Why do I never win in poker?
u so s3xayyyyy
How was your birthday??
happy birthday miranda! <3
Hoping to be Progressive Rock Music Talk's next featured band! Post on their wall to request Adam Evolving.
thanks man!!!!
Thanks for stopping by the other day! Hope you enjoyed that Tanzania Peaberry. Good stuff!
How is everyone this Wednesday?
post it, then get some supper..
totaly with you on the wrapping. No love.
CAN YOU GO TO phoenix online and major in communications?
that's disgusting
And yes, they found some.
Really enjoyed attending my first event!
RT : #Indy you get an 11 out of 10. Best collective effort by any city hosting any sporting event I've attended.
I am determined to become a computer geek in my old age.
If women can go into the men's locker room, why can't the men go into the women's?
Good to hear from you. Hope all is well.
www.thepurposepost.blogspot.com Extra credit if you can guess the movie I refer to in the new post!
...(sweat seeps from my brow as the gun barrell presses my temple)...Kristen Bell.
SfAA paper and presentation sent to discussant, check. Im almost there !
Happy Happy Friday!
Was just reminded how sexy Lenny Kravitz is...Had to do a double take!
I am
gracias! delicioso! hey tell the dude i lived in caracas for 3 months when we first left cuba!
Mark your calendars! Resident Appreciation Week is planned April 9th- 13th. Prepare to be spoiled!
aww, thank you. We're having a blast! Just ate some great pizza. ; )
Good job on that photo. :-)
#NowWatching First Sunday SON. Like a BOSS man.
Happy Friday everyone
you're*
#20ThingsAboutMe 19. I like to wear make up!
I love your background! How do you make them so good?!
Parking for our event is in the permit only lot! #liw :)
cool...let's meet and discuss more about your organization and what you need/want. mamnoon :)
Thanks for being part of our national broadcast this week! Tell your viewers they can use code #pohponpbs for 15%off our DVD!
Silveira says we don't have enough special education staff in our schools. Budget cuts have hurt us.
A question that sometimes drives me hazy: am I or are the others crazy?
We went to Dolores Del Rio for our wedding. Love that place! great lasagna!
im not dislexic* .... im just blind..
Something really cool is coming to BW on Friday..... do you want to know?
GET ME OUT OF HERE
thanks for the mention!
The roster of stars presenting at next month's Golden Globe Awards is filling up, with Julia Roberts
#Obama Water pail getting heavy for He's starting to show the strain.
Agree 100%. But how much is it worth? THAT'S how much you spend on new stadium. There's value in supporting "home team"
No, atheists don't just have prblm w/ Christianity. All religion's crazy. Christianity's just an EZ target.
I'll take 8IP/2H/1BB/7SO/0ERA for the first start. Just shaking the rust off right ?
Some guy just asked if the ARMY attached patriot missles to the top of Jeep Patriots in combat and if so then he wants the Jeep Patriot <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
In the test kitchen today, we made mind-blowing roasted Yukon potatoes with the surprise ingredient of a cinnamon stick.
Happy Birthday Oreo Cookie. You are 100 years old today. Odd that I never eat one but did today!!
Grilling out w/ steak burgers for the win!
i really like when random rashes show up on my leg.
are you gonna drive yourself to get a wristband? lol
Join us at the Bucks vs. Trailblazers game this month when Juwan Howard comes to town! Message us for details!
Coffee always puts a pep in my step! RT : Work is dragging!
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day!
Watch the most anticipated episode ever on Big Brother tonight! Twists n Turns as heads will roll with the BB surprise! Celebrate!
Yeah youre right and hell yeah OKC is my 2nd favorite team in the NBA (Bulls always will come 1st) Durant is a beast
I think your missing it, your post helps me confirm how I see it working. Also, disagree with unnecessary shots at Clev and TB
#AGirlDeserves a nice guy that treats them what they are a PRINCESS <U+E022>
If you could have any jazz musician alive or passed perform a private concert for you who would it be? What tune would you request?
Watch San Diego 6 tomorrow at 7:20am for Halloween safety tips from Dr. Quiros.
Can u call yourself a dj if you have never bought music ever ? I say no.
My prayers go out to the teenagers in a pretty bad car accident last night. The whole car got destroyed into pieces. Hope everyones okay! <3
"Focus brings about tremendous courage, strength, and energy"
Lance Weiler is freaking me out.
That Hot Cold, Hot Cold with the water in the shower, In there looking like your dancing salsa butt ass naked..
same to you
I promise you we're not, there are still a few of us good ones out there.
right, because I'm Asian?
Sammi ur broken up.. You "dont" want to be with him.. Why are you crying? Sigh
I did, & bleh. More crackpot realism. by skelton logic, drs wud fix broken arm by having a separate surgery for each bone piece
Love ! Enjoy your day!
#Badgers defensive line coach Charlie Partridge stopped at St. Thomas Aquinas today. Checked out QB John O'Korn, others
Dad: "It's raining out so you can't wear your ballet slippers"
I wish money really did grow on trees :/
Phew. Still a little insecure, even after 4000.
great performance at the grandest stage of them all
Hope everybody has a good day a school
Lest we forget Gore Verbinski's Mouse Hunt... a forgotten classic!
Fox Sports messed up, got an R rated moment at end of Pacers game tonight when Philly coach Doug Collins called someone a nasty name on air.
Happy Independence Day U.S.! It's so summery. I'm going to a Ghanaian cookout in Brunstucky.
Rocky Road Ice Cream
Heard on Maury- "She goes behind my back and flirts with other men in front of my face!"
Retweet this if u just hate fighting with ur loves ones an u just wanna fix everything u
My secret to a great tuna salad:
tonight for sure. Greinke was golden.
its over wit now... *changing channel*
DAMN James went "Harden" the paint!
geesh.. I have a smile that you cant take away
right?! Tami would have only gotten in two sentences. Lol
I received +K about New Media from Thank you brother! Have a great weekend!
Does anyone have a iPhone 4S on sprint? if so what do you think of data speeds?
Tust me, to keep sane I am dreaming of May 10th when I will be done w/ this MBA and sitting on the beach reading your book!
When the lockout finally ends, who will be the saviors in the fans eyes when its all said & done? Goodell? J.Jones? DeMaurice Smith? None?
Hopefully going snowboarding! :) So excited.
So true, alot of them dont deserve it. I'm just saying everything works both ways when it comes to disrespect. Sad but its true
Dead deer on the road. U know I'm in the country
haha! I wish...but it's actually a company that wants me to buy some book...I'm going to write them back :/
it was awesome meeting you too! we better see you again soon ;)
RT : If you have someone that loves you...appreciate it because every since sex came easy, love became harder to find.
omg IDEA! I propose a new method of punishment for people who commit moral misdemeanors: 20 lashes on the butt with... The Bible! TA DAAA
add "motherfucker, don't you ever forget." on to that, and you've got a song.
The smartest thing I have ever done is follow---> everything he writes about is true & very helpful!
Keep your head up and let God do the rest.
I hope you ALL have a safe holiday
MT Don't think that God isn't watching your every shady move on a very kick ass flat screen.
I hate having to get dressed to go out when it's rainy out. No matter what my jeans will be soaked up to my ankles within 5 minutes !
Here's a lesson for every single girl out there: Never, ever settle. You may think you aren't gorgeous, smart and have too
My nigga man...I owe him a couple favors lol.
If you're in #Seattle and want to be the first to receive the best deals in your area, follow #pricemobster and subscribe for free!
blerg yeah. It's funny that this happened NOT because I was biking or running, but just being a normal klutz :X
What is your favorite Thanksgiving leftover dish?
ronnie just watching htv for the first time in a while...bro...tell jd to get a makeover...he looks awful!!! Ur his buddy
oh c'mon everyone knows your gonna chose La Barfente!
Oh I see ... by doing several Add Column operations ...
High School Senior Photography Packages REFER A FRIEND AND RECEIVE A DISCOUNT!!! For More details Contact Us @
No. 1 China cracks
Haha love this! - The B Side RT : treated the penguins to 's album ”Simple & Grey” during their morning feed.
can you buy kaiordoll in stores, perhaps in Atl? Thanks need asap!
I think the tecate light commercials are funny when its half the price of shitty beer. Must not be as good as they say
Dude. I left Miami in 2008. You're late :-)
Lasagna for dinner! Yum! :) my belly is a happy belly now m
Ugh! I hate my neighbors!?
If you wear tennis shoes and a skirt to the club,
I found a look alike or match to , or so I think!
can't believe i just did that
Excited that TCU is joining the big 12.
Which CURRIED will you be eating dinner at tonight....LAKEVIEW or The LOOP?
Find out what celeb is pregnant on WT411 NOW! <3
hhahaha thanks so much!!!
I think someone hacked me D:
can i have 4 more followers pls.
I hate when girls are always tweeting about love. #STFU hoe.!
I am bro
BTW, is being postponed until April. Just not enough time to do everything in time for the first week of March.
You became a celebrity after you got that #FF from , lol.
i know im late but aw what's wrong?
If u not happy dnt stick around
Go #Badgers! On #Marquette! Brass Monkey Milwaukee & West Allis open at 10am...Jack Honey Girls at Stallis Brass. Go #Wisconsin Sports!
I think everyone should have one youtube video of them dancing to A)Michael Jackosn B)Michael Bolton or C)DJ Pauly D mix
It's Showcase Day for the 10x teams. We'll be tweeting from the center of it all.
Seeing the cruelty to children in public arenas is hurting my heart
Exercise purifies the mind and the body, but mostly importantly the spirit... So go for a jog and enjoy the cleanse
": Give a man a gun and he can rob a bank, give a man a bank and he can rob the world."
can't sleep but Deathly Hallows Pt Two is there for the rescue
Chillin on the jungle gym at my parents alone with a few late night brews and my lyric book. I'm such a night owl.
I wonder why our paper mysteriously disappears every once in a while. I was looking forward to sitting with the paper today. (2/2)
non-conference time with NW family and friends for this east coaster at #mlanet12 in Seattle
Off to old town to celebrate being 29!! With Laura Rocklyn, and :D
Hyper - such a fun care free state of mind. Some ppl need alcohol, just give me a bunch o sugar and I'll be the life of the party!
can recording augment living? RT : David Zweig - we are now always recording, not living
Mad Dog Curtis signing autographs in Las Vegas w 3 grt Boxers (Mad Dog & Boxers) Norton, Shavers & Spinks @ Memorabilia Int'l Viva Las Vegas
I also don't know the rules of living quarters,just ships. so this may be depending on who caught him etc. stuff like that
Bitch is off the horse and lookin' FINE.
Heading to the Brewers game and hoping for a win...
hahaha I know right! You miss my birthday :(
UPDATE RT : Clippers getting steals, stops, rebounds much better in 2nd quarter... but shots still not falling.
Hopstop.com is black-owned?! Dope!
I seriously overpack so much.
looks like there Gonna start'm Dave, what do you think?
so...you're just NOW getting around to following me? LOL
Avant radio...texting the hubby. #2 days left. So excited!!!!!
Next off isn't till Tuesday!!! 7 days straight?!?! Freaking gah!
Happy Birthday Bianca love my mom Maureen and me Chewy that's me in the pic Pls Rt me super fan 25yrs xo
Not even the musical episode?
Yep! Love them. They are on my "Calmness" playlist. The Trapeze Swinger is just perfection.
It’s also National Telephone Day. Call us today to find out what #apartments we offer and what we have available.
If the grizzlies lose, they should shoot da coach and Rudy Gay!
damn you all be out the country in stuff how many stamps you got on the passport
With the #Packers out of the Super Bowl, this is the game of the day for me. 4-1 #UNITED win.
Looking back on posts from 2005 is absolutely great
Would it be wrong to plan an "OccupyBrooklyn" event that involves having a bunch of people over to my apartment to clean it for me? Discuss.
Listen for Metropolitan's "Downstream" in the recent episode of "Biography" on Aerosmith
Shhhh! We're being sneaky. :)
So far, the only real downside to living on the West Coast is that my twitter feed fills with references to happy hour too early.
ahh thats almost exactly what i took my first semester!! get excited :)
RT : . follow up question: who keeps flipping the winter switch up and down like it's a weather disco?
thanks for the continuing support!
Just passed by angry mob at a women's clinic, where a 7yr old waved a dead fetus doll at me. Also my shoe laces just became REALLY UNTIED!
rt if you think <U+24C9><U+24CC><U+24BE><U+24C9><U+24C9><U+24BA><U+24C7> is addictive
I lost respect for her when she got onto Tiah and simone about their performances when they were performing just like her lol
Have you seen the new videos of our kids classes? Visit our youtube page to see them all!
god damnit. now I REALLY want it.
I'll let you go the day the earth stops.
You're still following me! You really do love me! ;) hahaha I miss you!!!
the music video was amazing, you will always keep inspiring my life. <3
#NutBush food sucks anyway.
omg 4.89 Here in south Florida
quote of the morning, from Mary Morganti: "There's absolutely nothing we can't solve with creativity...and time and money."
I saw a bumper sticker today that said, "we all know deep inside we want the zombie apocolipse." It made me wanna just kill #zombies in
He killed his father in cold blood smh.
lmao not today. You and Julian need to cone over and swim forsure though :)
i don't understand why all these hood boogies thinks its poppin to chill in the terminal.
I immediately thought of you LOL #welcome #freakyassbitch RT : Suck the tampon out my pussy so I know it's real
fair enough. Chelsea can be nice and physical, like Drogba on the weekend and set plays will likely figure in.
**RT2WIN Contest** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see at on May 1st!!
Went to bed at 5, planned to wake up at 7 to get to my 8 am final....by the grace of Jesus I miraculously woke up at 7:48
great 75 and sunny here today, we could use a visit and learn from your story
or… replaced with drones?
What do you guys think is the biggest obstacle for girls to attend school in #India?
watch your mouth!!!
Follow Vegas' own Olympic hopeful Reindell Cole he is currently training w TEAM USA
I don't know - do they implicate the credibility of the poll?
Pray before ur prayed upon; salatul khairan minan nawm (prayer is better than sleep).. Go and prostrate to ur creator.
Just got home and I'm already bored...
OH SNAP! I just pissed! CTFU LOL. Don't slap em. Somewhere someone likes them like that LOL
I'm just a sucker with no self esteem.
when is the 10th Anniversary live DVD of The Lawrence Arms gonna be released?
Google Instant seems to = power of the brand * ( locale + search demand + user's search history )
you right on that
While I'm a huge fan of the novel, the movie version of "Phantoms" wasn't all that good.
who has two thumbs and another speeding ticket? this girl.
I've been scared to go outside all day because of the parade. good luck home!
_--|-| SINFUL SATURDAYS..SEXY GOGO DANCERS..$2 DRINKS..SEE THE VIDEO--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Its beautiful outside, think I'll enjoy a grilled chicken salad for lunch & a southern sweet tea, & enjoy the sunshine, someone come join me
Seeing everyone on a bike today is AWESOME! Glad to host one of the busiest stations for games and fun in the sun!
I can't be Superman, but for you I can be super human! ( ü )
Hi! Nice post. You should check out the city design doc Urbanized (now playing at NWFF) for macro-level design thoughts. Good film.
I love you girl
I would like to know if anyone out there has clicked on a Linked In Direct Ad for a service or product you were intereseted in?
What types of Women's rights items should be digitized at the National Archives during the Extravascanza?
Take a deep breath, using a camera can cause stress. The more calm you are, the more serene your photos become.
Thank you for the follow, your area of expertise is very interesting to me so I am eager to read your tweets.
Our primary east/west runway is back open as of 9:31 p.m. local time.
i cant find the tweet but rihanna is not the next whitney...
Last night of my bachelor stay-cation... *sigh* It was fun.
Just about to barbacue some ribs to say goodbye summer...
*AHEM* You forgot that the #WNBA season doesn't start until May. RT *ahem* You forgot The Sparks.
Eat my left nut bitch
Bout 2 get ready to Hit the streetz!!!! Holla at me if u see me...
Happy Easter
pLeAsE fOlLoW bAcK i TwEeT yOu AlL tHe TiMe BuT yOu DoNt NoTiCe mE
producer and artist..dj a lilttle...hope your liking these tracks
Our whole building just lost power... and yet our wireless router is still working. SCIENCE.
Playing in scramble tournaments are a lot of fun, but the surf n' turf and open bar after are the best part
Looks like #Methodist vote pushed to tomorrow on divestment proposal related to #israel & territories.
the gnarliest of the gnarls. Will you be in the NYC from 12/17-21? I will.
I just yelled at the TV at a Resturant full of people.
hey Hanna lady! Just at this stupid guitars n stars n Hangin out!
I need a makeover...
RT RT Thanks to all our packer fans that voted for and against me in the madden voting!
Are u on Facebook?
Loved the Simpsons reference in Final Jeopardy! tonight. I, also, welcome our computer overlords.
did you end up making it into town?
For me as historian, dig tools help locate needles in haystacks. Search & retrieval of my self-gathered archives.
that's good ..thanks =]
Thanks for the RT !
I didnt know troy polamalu played on yall team
Y this old lady told me to walk Im not at the mall lol
And in regards to the girl that walked out onto the floor... She definitely was not drunk. She's definitely just plain crazy.
#top10favouritefilms gladiator, braveheart, godfather I & II, fistful of dollars, ratatouille
I hate when I look up and the same person is staring at me every time. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> weirdo
Can't wait to see it!!! The most intriguing..less publiized artist of all time along with Hendrix!
We would like to thank everyone who came out to International Women's Day! Especially our guest speaker, Fiona Oliphant and the GW Sirens!
When we let go of trying to get more of what we don<U+0092>t really need,we free up enormous amount of energy that has been tied up in the chase.
Getting pumped for the Equip conference!!
First day of spring means spring cleaning my disgusting apartment
Saw a interesting thing tonight, a red tailed hawk flew across the road with the largest rabbit I've ever seen in its claws.
We believe that members of Congress are writing to friends in Britain loyal to our cause, for the purpose of gaining intelligence.
Bc I damn sure never bit mines
#letsbereal, in Fire Island this past weekend was amazing and great!
miss you hoe ;o
He is crying cause he lost his starting job. Doc said the other day he is the healthiest guy on the team. An obvious dig
I look at you, see how happy you are now, think about how we used to be... and fall apart.
i don't like to root for bad teams
Game day time to get after it
I love how you help pugs! I wish I could adopt Luigi. My pugs name is Angelo :) #RT Thanks for the
I made a wrong move, was bout to die and said fuck that shit...woke up quick lmao
You torture me.
Hey buddy! Long time. I'm well. No back pain just wellness. Ha!
LOVATICS shut the VEVO server down! We are awesome, yes I know. ;)
Good luck to everyone participating in #MonsterHelpDay today.
Thank you to each and every listener. Although Amazedradio is new on the sene we're about to enter top 100 chart.
Turns out worry isn't a great sleep aid. Who'd have thought?
not that I know of. :-(
Website should be back online Friday, July 1, 2011
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver. ~ Gandhi
#AtABlackChurch you will here aloy of snoring.
The hand move is more like a mime-in-a-glass-box thing that prevents Mats from hearing your correct answer to his question.
Had a makeable eagle put today and ended up 3 putting. I am blaming the wind. Yeah that's it
the biggest challenge is proving my worth as a wedding pro! Gotta keep my references front & center. :)
: which person?
Grandma's Soup Turned Out AMAZNING!! So happy I have TONS of left overs!
I wana go 2 six flags
lol nope full price. I was with him, my phone goes off and this is what I get lol.
can you make new plans to go or is it to late??
Stephen, are you talking to your grapes out loud?
"Cops!" "FUCK WHERE!?!" "No man, frozen custard."
... hey Charlie can we get a shout out for LONG SUFFERING #BaltimoreOrioles fans? They're NOT #winning ....
Bummed I lost track of time and didn't get my fantasy surfing league going this year. Gonna get back in 2013.
i just got one, should i keep it or pick another one?
A lovely Szymborska poem, aching for enjambment.
#surnames #genealogy First time at Surname Saturday! Researching African American surnames of Banks and Massey in Shelby Co, TN and MS.
I'm sad to be missing the Society for American Music meeting in North Carolina this year, but life calls.
I thought you had a boyfriend? That's over?
You are just a DEAR.
the only thing as patriotic as the old red, white, and blue is green and gray and black and brown and tan all over too.
you are my idol!!<333 i would do anything to meet you in person!!! :D i love you and your songs and your kids are adorable! <3
Three more days in counting!!!!!! Till my sis bday.......... lets get it sis
Yeah it sucks
Hella ppl went to Fuel WorldBeat Center && you didn't even show up.... Now we can't get our money bacc
You didn't waste anytime following me lol. Enjoy!!! ;)
they say he will make it lol
Q2: both sources is to benefit of the fan.
RT : Happy #Fursday. Don't forget to groom between your ears. =^..^=
Morning guys. Sorry I didn't take pics of last night. Harrison was not to sure about having pics of himself on twitter. Maybe next time. ;)
you're so important to me that I'm tweeting via iPhone in the ethnic neighborhood. Always know that.
decent band tho
If you have any $ left over, you're welcome to pay mine!
go to sleep lol thats what i usually do
I now mostly watch British tv shows and foreign films, I feel slightly more grown up
something total drama related but with music inspiration :)
oh gosh i had no idea! i saw it on facebook i'm sorry :(
I'm fine fender bender.
SoCal Band EdstanleY Grows Out of The Hills and Is Ready to Rock 'n Roll - Minaret
I could go downtown and protest the NATO summit. Wearing a mask. Naked. That would make the news, right?
Fuck I spilled my popcorn
it is insane! I thought the same thing too.
Rockband and BBQ with the family!
Glad you like Death Sentences! The whole press got behind this one; it was just too weird NOT to take a chance on.
dont hold urself down, come back tomorrow and show them whats up!
That you! That's kind of you! Perhaps you will find use in our prayer-app: www.birdofprayer.org
Is it bad that I'm looking forward to Friday just because I know we're going to Benihana for dinner?
#ReasonsToSayAmen i woke up today
I'm at Woodbridge now, so...
Hunger! #worstfeeling in the world! Sweet Potato fries sound real good right about now.
After listening to both of our demos Fly away and Diamond Sonata, which do you like more, and what part makes you like that song more?
Thanks for follow... in my mind it's interested in my tweets on #eGov #politics #startups ... WH memrys ;)
trying to find people to follow on twitter
Seeking people to comment for an article on how your worst professional experiences allowed you to become a better leader. Please share/RT
Small error. Big Ben is not on a lower tier than the other 30 QBs.
OMFG SHES WORSE THEN MY MOM D:<
I got Triceps and Cardio. #SWOL is the only way I know!
#cvcouncil Some nuanced disagreement on what "kind" of regional draw CV shld b - "jobs" "tourism" - r they mutually exclusive?
dig the lighting parallels between the crowd and the painting. All you need is the halo.
it wasn't a disaster
Used an XLERATOR hand dryer today. First I had wet hands, then dry hands, then bleeding eardrums.
Need my floor mats back... Probably won't get them till Sunday lol
We're hosting Thanksgiving at our house this year! I guess that makes me head Turkey carver. Traditional and Cajun fried!!
Who do u root for when both coaches are varying degrees of slimeballs? Easy, the team with no unibrows
Helmond: Sharing button is a window to another website more than it is a link. Enable data flows from/to platform's database.
Thanking God for your blessings should be the first thing you do in the morning and the last thing you do before you fall asleep.
Who's ready for #HappyHour?
Just took a shower and my 85 pound lab decided to join me
recovery mode entered. lines have been crossed and now the house needs cleaning.
Don't know her kids teacher,
Bromigo is the perfect morning after hair of the dog beer. Embrace the smokey and maple awesomeness!!
Headin to the Lakers game with the fit club kids! Thanks for the donation !
Ranch sunflower seeds and Brisk Lemon Ice Tea go really well together : ) Its the little things in life that matter.....lol
SARAH!! <3 Will you please follow me? It would mean so much to me<3 I love you!!
that ur bike bro
Don't you forget that when I need you there will be no sorrow
Thanks for the mention! Happy Wednesday!
seriously?!? omg you're my hero!
#Prevention saves money. Cutting it is penny-wise and pound-foolish.
does anyone know how to delete your google music account? thnx!
I know he hasn't been able to get open with Philly's collapsing D but I'd almost just rather see Korver try to jack up 20 3s right now.
Que bueno! Sounds great! :D RT : Flavor First has a little of everything Cristina! I think you'll love it!
#IWouldTextYouMoreIf my mom stopped reading my texts.
Its neighborhood cleanup day!
where are you from??
Great tip, thanks!
RT Walking down Madison Ave - Someone just stopped me and said "Your hair looks great... Happy to tell them." (via )
on day it shall happen..so r u gonna be in Hampton for the summer too//i wish u was in the A..thats be an epic summer
Rehearsal dinner tonight!
HIT, Glutes n abs, my faves! :)": HERS girls, what are you training today?"
i know him and he does.
Win our latest album, For The Ladies, featuring "Cougar Hunt!" Follow us & RT to enter. Picking 5 winners today @ 3pm!
Looks kill and I'm trying to make a killing
Okay, so out of all the colors I have dyed my hair. Blue is my favorite. I think I'll keep this a while.
Lots are open!!!!
LMAOOO “: Some of you girls look hella scary without make up on. Disgusting <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>”
"You know what we should do?" is usually the first thing uttered by a bored teenager whose preparing to do something stupid.
3 hrs later... Still waiting for the secret service to check all the equipment...
You're welcome! :)
Uh, thanks, Brian...but I don't get it. Why the congrats??
i just saw big momma like father like son today that movie is suppah funny..............freak with freak with it..haha
Woke up in a good mood this morning
Thanks to everyone for your support yesterday. We love our community and supporters!
hi thanks for the follow hit me on fb hakim coombs
I'm going to start picking on you as a conspiracy theorist!
Chapter 2012 Page 92 of 366 Busting at the seams with an urgency to share something, must find the best vehicle & venue.
the brain doesn't function at these ungodly hours
You've got to skip halfway down to get to the good stuff!
Apparently I'm invisible around here.
#Anonymous please consider AT&T as a future target?
From 12-3 p.m. on Sat. 12/17 SDCH volunteers will distribute toys+food to 1,300+ kids at our annual Holiday Party.
I'm pretty sure it's just called a Speedlight Stand.
Harvard Art Museums delay opening until 2014 - Boston Globe
What's happening?
when people stalk your private stuff... its like GTFO..
Not so fast, Daley! You're merely threatening a kitten, not punching it.
RIP Dr. Robert Matkovich of Chula Vista. You were an awesome dentist.
Landon from a walk to remember. <U+2764>
Tonight's Wednesday wine tasting is with Free Run Juice! The lineup is posted on our Facebook page. Like us at Fifty Seven Degrees.
that's good stuff!
Can you just graduate already, I'm ready for a trip down to the sunshine state baby!!
If you're sad then I'm sad too! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> RT : Dammit!!! Another whole year! :'(
they killed me too, as did Mizzou and Duke.
how r u? i miss u guys
Cole Adkins our strategic accounting analyst and consultant, has been working around the clock!
check me out on my page listen to a song or two lets get a song.poppin
This is why I love you so fucking much. I miss you boo. Thanks again for never changing exactly who you are.
Article marketing is known to help improve a website's search engine ranking.
na not just you "dear"
Stuck at the Honda dealership for next hour and half. My car conveniently needed a service right before my drive to South Carolina tomorrow.
Leff: richest reserves of biodiversity map directly onto geographic spaces occupied by most trad cultures
34 away from 1,000 people I'm following! If I get to 1,000 by St. Patrick's Day, I'll give away an iPad 2.
OH idk! Where do you wanna go? Let's recruit rach too hahaha
Happy Friday and more importantly, Happy Veteran's Day to all the veterans out there!
love the idea of occupying the everyday #caa2012 think both/and rather than either/or
find a penny, pick it up. the rest of the day, you'll have goodluck:) I found 2 pennies, make my day?!:) <3
California needs to give teachers the support and time to implement the arts. As early as K, there are 2.5 hours of LA...
Whoever is running the audio at North Campus Field in LAX just cut off "Sweet Caroline" RIGHT before the chorus. WHAT IS THIS BLASPHEMY!?
idk but i read won last time and it wasnot pretty
Happy Birthday <U+2665>
can I get a goodnight respond? Please <3
I can fwd you an email.
I think I've taught me more about history than my teacher...thanks....I think
Every time I'm ready to take a box of designer items 4 consignment. I fall in love with the pieces all over again.Decisions.
Freddie:Yeah,what? (the TV falls down) Oh,no! Carly:Our TV! (laughing)
thanks guys : )
for the record, she asked for money for kotex and Nyquil. Then she walked over and bought crack.
I want nothin more than to be happy and right now you make me happier than anyone has in a very long time.
There are worse things than losing a football game. Thanks for an exciting season
Bud,Bitches, and Breakfast you gotta love it...
miss u!
Have you looked into ? Excellent inbound marketing system - Diff pricing options
I apologize for our feed. I can assure you all we want to show as much of the action as possible, but It's just not our choice
+-~~|- SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS FREE PARKING...LADIES FREE B4 11 ....SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Whoever stole my Gatorade, I hate you
can you start tweeting more? It makes managing you so much easier.
Mitt: "I have no idea where my money is or what ads I run. Vote for me!"
#AndersonCooper on is so freaking HOT, yep I'd give it to him all night long!
RIP Big Pun! Every artist should take a page out of this mans book, fucking legendary!
Had a wonderful time at the Ohio Academy of History conference yesterday. Reconnected with an old mentor and saw some promising scholars.
Snowing like crazy tonight - is flying canceled tomorrow?
only slightly better than my monitor was too low so I used your book
Great game. I spread the word whenever possible.
bring it on then! I'm ready!
if the bitch is bad, I'ma call that bitch. get pussy, ass, all that shit.
New favorite NBA broadcaster, interviewee, and, frankly, just talker - Chris Mullin.
While driving, turn off interior lights. Any source of light inside the car will seem extremely bright and make it more difficult to see.
SOPA looks pretty dead at this point. Are all the planned website blackout protests even necessary anymore?
Probably the worst Monday I've had in a while.
Attending the Digital Media Summit? Or near 60 Columbus Circle mid-day? Visit the #PreserveNYC Preservation Station!
I forgot all the shit that should be important to you.
you know the government has their hands in everything! Ha! Try something new once!
my cousin is a fucking awesome screamer. :3
Lets make this music happen!
the RSVP link for the Medicare Presentation is not working.
I scream You scream We ALL scream for FREE ice cream! 12-8 Ben&Jerrys #FreeConeDay at Friendly Center! Donations to GCM- #spreadtheword RT!
rest up for TCAF! WE ARE SO EXCITED. I am going to win the "Best Novelty Pajamas" award this year
Oktoberfest is in full swing at Cattlemans! We just got in Brooklyn Brewery's Post Road Oktoberfest Pumpkin Ale! So good!
A bit of disappointment today. The journey is extended one more week. We'll get there!
Headed for paradise in the morning aka Art Fest in the keys!
lol good tweet good tweet
And I ask myself, "Emily, what would Tina Turner do in this situation?"
I'm holding out hope for the protest switch.
Being at Staples during this time of year makes me realize how much I miss back to school shopping.
meet at my house by 7!
Thank you for following!
I did my hair and makeup for nothing.
Im thinking about making you mine tonight O:)
I wanna SAVE YOU TONIGHT!
wait are you that insane ian fan next to me????
Really Really can't wait for the playoffs, bring on the weekend!
Farewell Dr. Billy Taylor. Educator, Humanitarian, Jazz great, founder of Jazzmobile, husband, friend to many. R.I.P.
oh we are too!!! Delicious!!
Florida... RT : RT : States mentioned so far; Wisconsin. North carolina.
I am asking people to think about their speech and who it effects. No censorship. Ad hominem attacks aren't helpful anyway.
Waiting for Brett's drugs- ankle broken in 2 spots and needs surgery ASAP. Don't think he'll be filming anytime soon.
Follow me! is a Sexy account related to sexy girls and videos!:*
..miss you more doll
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets, comments & insights. Cheers!
Only if it has those crazy little puppets from the great 70's Christmas specials of our childhood.
Trains are running along the tracks & poinsettias are all around. Don't miss the Conservatory Crossing now through Jan 8! $3/person
Fat Lever
Lakers face the best team as far as record-wise the San Antonio Spurs tonight. Time to bounce back with a victory!
is in discussions for a 50MM + war film
Background vocal with Janis Liebhart!
Spirit week oh yeah wearing purple tomorrow FRESHMEN
Thanks for the mention!
Looks like it's just gonna be you and me, love! The other guys are lame huh :P Pshhh
Soulful Sunday!!!!! It's finally here! Great music, comedians, food and some good ole fashion fellowship! Come on out at 3 pm.
Too blessed to be stressed
Remember the Obama 'huggate' 'scandal?' He wasn't wielding scissors.
I just wanna go somewhere quiet
2 of my ancesters were hung as witches in Salem, clearly being open minded runs in the family
we were thinking after eating at revolution. Maybe 7:30? Come meet us for dinner at 6:15 if ur free!
I <3 MY MOMMY!
where are you applying?
I love you did you know that nope ok talking to myself kk have a nice evening I LOVE YOU (again)
Had to bring the Blue & Gold Crown back for #55!
Going to see my son, Isaiah, perform in a show at his school, Nashville School of the Arts. Bring on the classical guitars!
I feel like there were so many other better ones...Something something "kegel exercises"
I'll b excited when it's over!!!
Fucking standing on the side of the road waiting for henry to put tires on the van. Ugh.
It has come to this. You're talking with yourself.
I'll DM you my number
. do top 4 get t-shirts in Mad Librarians bracket?
Everyone changes, even you lol a lot of change lol
I need a cul-de-sac crew. It's all wine and witty banter. Sigh...
Ready to watch this fight team
ammonia salt! The flavor horror that delights.
I'm not back until 2:30, but don't let that stop you
"No be stealth - stealth leads to spying"
RT : I feel a bit like today, I've had 3 cups of coffee in 3 hours! Lol!! <-- coffee: the shredder's weapon
#FollowFriday Here are some people who I enjoy reading their tweets.
Someone should definitely hit my line with a move.
you're welcome(: you are really talented!
has jokes "so dry it could suck the water out of an Olympic sized pool." We're lucky there's drink service at COBO Sat!
I enjoy cursing almost as much as the next person, but I heard more than my fill of the f-bomb from everyone today.
book 2 in her midnight dragonfly series!.so good,.AND they're paperback so cheaper lol
Thanks! Where did you go zip lining? Always wanted to try! RT : Another delicious breakfast
stalk for me too :D and awe :(
three more days sans melanie!!!
Keep praying for Haiti.
A wise person does at once, what a fool does at last. Both do the same thing; only at different times. - Lord Acton
POLL..who creates more fan frenzy, #Tebow or #Tiger?
it's about time!
good jamming with you in LA at the Key Club a while back!
Protein snack today! #Apple slices & #peanutbutter! #Get Your #Protein #Everyday!
Just drove home in the rain; we so seldom have thunderstorms here, it's refreshing when we do!
anybody know Mikes career stats versus dogs?
Good girl. The lower back tattoo does tend to be the watermark of the promiscuous.
Why did the girl take a ruler to bed?She wanted to see how long she slept.
The countdown begins!! 30 more days!!! I can't wait!!! <3
Today has been such an emotional day.. I seriously can't even handle this.
Every 90 days I return to Twitter to keep an eye on you bitches! Consider yourself seen!
i love your band ROCK ON WEREWOLF ;)
Happy Mother's Day! I hope you have a good one(:
No disrespect to Donna Summer, but Travolta was the 'Queen of Disco.'
Everything's tastier when you eat it in class .
When you accidently "Like" something on someone's Facebook <<<
Wanna Party?? Follow for more Info. Lets Party People!!!
Another sleepless night
If someone asks me to go to lunch at 14:00, I'm punching them in the face.
i swear ESPN runs video into the ground--once video is out there, it never dies...
Follow now do it(:
Back in those days when we used to chase the icecream truck.
the Bronx
I'm mad late I know but don't worry we'll help you <3
Minnesota GOP to have call at 2p to update party's financial situation. Interesting timing.
nice!! Hope yesterday evening's event, particularly went well :-)
AYE that movie and Friday i crack up everytime lol": I know that movie word for word"
Very smooth. It was great brewing with everything we needed close by.
I bet if you tried it, you ah wanna run it back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
For all you lip balm addicts out there, the new pink grapefruit one from is a keeper.
I don't know why, but orange juice makes me feel fancy.
#May31 save me from this hell already.
#MUBB plays the winner of a play-in game?
I don't always do burpees, but when I do, I prefer 74 in a 7 minute AMRAP
Dolphin with my girls <3
Looking forward to your tweets. Cheers. RT : Thanks for the follows!
oh haha , okay. just wondering. :-)
Love this from Mindy - "when life gives you lemons, make a kick ass martini with a twist!" That's the spirit! :)
<U+66F2><U+3052><U+3089><U+308C><U+306A><U+3044><U+5973> is a good drama.
Because of the Lord's great love we are not consumed,for his compassions never fail. They are new every morning;great is your faithfulness.
much better, thank you.
I LOVE root beer but not the stuff that they sell now, which is made out of vanilla.
Like snail mail?!?! I need this app.
I miss you~
Men are more ready to repay an injury than a benefit, because gratitude is a burden & revenge a pleasure. -Tacticus A.D 55-120
Only three final exams stand between me and my diploma.
You really gonna do it too, huh? I was just phunkin' around..
Trying to order something from LOFT but page is unresponsive in 3 browsers. Bummed, just got an email about a promotion! cc
Noticing a great #spiritual awakening all around us. People are waking up to live their truth. Do you notice this too?
It's over.
this is not what we agreed
Great job by Hall Of Famer Tony Dorsett on WFAN radio today..Thanks for mentioning Legends Fantasy Leagues..the response has been GREAT
seriously, how do you ALWAYS catch this stuff? Your radar is impeccable.
You didn't know!
...first if was Spock's tricorder and now it's La Forge's spectacles.
Dear boys, how is a girl suppose to respond to; k, cool, yeah, and lol? Sincerely Girls.
What are you up to for this weekend?
Trevor: "what do you mean? ...Around here? Angel City Beer Garden. It's this turn-of-century factory with cast-iron urinals."
I could shop purses and shoes all day!
Well Im going to sleep now. Sleep well everyone<3 #loveyall (P.S. you crashed before me, and yet, you were scared I would. HA)
Never stop trying RT : I call it quits.
"Finessing the buffalo" is a fantastic euphemism for whatever it is you're actually doing at any given point.
Intellectual capability >>>>>> <<<<<< In man
Uh oh :-) #Kingdom! RT : must have a baby on the way anointing today! Worship at KVCC was phenomenal.
mos wanted crew. (:
We do not want to see New Orleans this post season...
Tryna relax.sit back & enjoy the show
help me alex, Help me. 8 pecan and 2 chicken and potato. The dogs won't leave the kitchen. I'm afraid for the pot pies.
Feeling a bit overwhelmed. Might just be the hangover.
Finally adding some folks to my "follow" list.
I really like her...
“: Fuck a Bentley, fuck a Aston Martin, fuck a ghost! I just bought a house.. #smartlifedecisions #godisgood” agree!
I am writing a response to the SNAP listserv sort of outlining what I'm envisioning at this point (1/2)
my sister lives in Manhattan too!yah,we'll definitely be seeing each other A LOT more than you think! we can go shopping too! <3
Hell yeah! RT You know Kobe is about to own this game tonight bro
Omg . I have Fcats tomorrow <U+E404>
“: You have a black Sharpie & are currently writing the story of yr life in permanent ink.Choose to fill the pages w/grace&love.”
Every artist was first an amateur. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
thank you for being so gracious helping me. I know how busy you are.
“: I never get any sleep”real niggas don't sleep.
you better be up early ;)
Attending a wedding in soon? Make sure you have a great smile for that very special occasion, come by for teeth whitening!
Ashley Rickards on American Horror Story :)
"build a library of your community responses" - Marcy Massura
JRod!! What's good bro?!
You can't win. You can't break even. You can't get out of the game.
Nothing says romance like hard hats and scaffolding.
i hate the show "friends" and whenever i turn on the tv guess wats on..FRIENDS!! for like 2 hours straight!
lol. Happy to be alive today. The Reaper stopped by my house this week. I had to tell him to leave....I think he got his orders confused.
Brendan Wright windmill!
Adam from joining on stage for "Living Proof".
It's the day before my birthday & I'll eat a shitload of plain Lay's potato chips if I want to.
Anytime I hear someone say #swag I think of c:
lol . It just sounds better .
I'm do tired of ppl askin for favors I'm bout to tell them all to fuck off and what r they gonna do and help me out!?
Any plans for this beautiful Saturday night? Many thanks for your follows:
That's awesome. Ka-Chow!
Do a crime/ go to jail / come out saved holding a bible..... Repeat.... SMH
Where are you from in Texas?
bad accident on Taft and 441. Roads roped off
I want to come to Spain and be on vacation!
But maybe some mglit
Prices just went up. Dont come at me w/ less than $30
sounds GREAT! If you come, be sure to say hi!
Congrats on your book launch! We love the idea of temporary tattoos as givewaways.
hahah wooahh *im so scared* oh tell me how many daphnes you know! Its cool okay creepy cody.
can a UK fan gets some love on his Birthday
This guy sounds really interesting. Met a brazilian recently who hates cheese bread bc the food is better here. New habits
RT : George Karl will sign a three-year coaching contract extension through 2013-14. Final details are being ironed out.
I think I've insulted McGinn enough for now. What other public official deserves my ruthless scorn?
So much diamond sewing happening in my living room right now!
There is a special place in hell reserved for people who "reply all" to emails they shouldn't.
Thanks and #FF to you. I'd like to vote for you, but I always avoid Facebook aps. Is there another way?
follow me! no me ignores
PLEAAE FOLLOW ME!!!:)
You's a pussy nigga
Carlos hurt my feelings -______- Lol
Hello follow me on instagram !!
i remember when we kissed, i still feel it on my lips :*
Hey world, stop!!!! broke a nail. Smh
no you don't ool
#bored give me a band
Hey new york! Have you found the card yet?
It's a beautiful day in San Diego. I'm ready for a swim!
Wigs came flyin! Claws came out and heels hit the fan! o.O
People always ask me, 'Were you funny as a child?' Well, no, I was an accountant
can the child within my heart rise above?
RT #notalotoffansleftappreciationnight I could no longer watch...
There's a million of us just like me. Who dress like me, walk, talk, & act like me & just might be the next best thing but not quite ME
Looking forward to more of your work!
In History of Photography class-influence of early 20th cent modern art- Now wondering: How is the class taught outside art history dept?
WineTerroirAdventure Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
yes!! We were supposed tonight and I was distracted by cupcakes
Casino today...
you would have to as about my tenure here. i owe him about $90k so he might not let me go until its paid
RT : omg did derek just die!
I've been trying to connect these two pages for the past hour - hopefully, it works! :)
everyone will be dancing
best #Twitter advice for everyone is "Follow, then Follow Up"..
Sadly #BishopArts ran outta burgers so I can't rate the quality of the buns...
Que bom saber!!!
can you let me move in with you so i can see what its like to live in the uk?
All it takes is one tweet to make you follow or unfollow an account
The boy in front of me has a chili bowl hair cut..
Joshua mash up di place! Winner hands down. There is no competition mi bredren! The Best!
And then they bitch that no one is treating them fairly!
were so good on the voice :)
Thanks for the heads up!!
I'm so bored at work cuz the phones are down and so is my fax.
I'll follow her if you follow me....deal!
"I don't have fun!".... What a lame
is SD's only wkly LGBT print pub & 1 of few weekly pubs period. VOSD may be SD's BEST political news source PERIOD.
2 maybe all 3 (: RT : so....for #grouptherapyLA how many nights are u all going? ;)
This Sunday sponsored by
Thanks for following! I love to share the twitter skies with other who help others!
AH LAST DAY!!!
Never in a million years did I expect atm to melt down like this. Hahahaha, just kidding.
I love being naked
this week is crazy, but let's face it did I really expect any less, hell I know next week is gunna be crazy too! lol
great interviews for Mayhemfest! Now I'm a Big fan for Suicide SIIIILLENNCCE! Their latest video is SICK!
Too Busy. How is yours?
I'm hot boy I told you before, got that benz and that hummer off the show room floor
Well I'm likely not the first to observe that J. Halpern piece in 4-30-12 New Yorker is temp.-more-sober jump-off for "National Treasure 3".
you aint follow back! :/
Thank you for coming to Tempo Milwaukee yesterday -truly inspiring
Lets show them what were made of fellas.
all she said was great catholic writers
Uh oh Andrew's an angry bear. Rawr.
RT : If you work in sports, please support SPORTS TACKLES CANCER as our industry comes together to help:
that man stay having good music #watyouthinking ?
When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it. -
cuz we dont care about what people say if we love someone 1313
Everyone take a breather. The Mahler is going to be a looooooonnnngggg one!
up and at 'em bright and early #Pittsburgh... keeping my eyes open for crazy Baltimore fans...stay safe Pittsburgh
evidently scotty mccreery just took a line drive off his throat....
tell me they're not really collabin?!
Awesome day hike in the #GrandCanyon. Good luck, and please post pics when you're back!
Even if you argue that the officials have given Miami 20 points, the Heat are up 32.
thanks grace!! Love you too!
Lord, Give us the Courage to step out on Faith. Help us to use our troubles to increase our Faith in You!
Welcome to our new law student LSCs: Christina, Christopher, Clio, Emily, Ian, Jared, Jarina, Kate, Matt, Naveed and Sara.
dont yell. Still feel weird.
Durbin dodged a bullet there.
thanks for the shout-out, after the torrential rain yesterday it's warm and sunny today, perfect weather for pickup sports
What I've just said. Things have changed in 2 minutes: S and D? No. B and C? Neither...
try asking if she knows how to fix the code
Phone aint working till tomorrow. Dammnn thats my life!
no more pelvic thrusts!
Great show by you and Lauren! Thanks for coming to Dallas!
is it still raining?
how many tickets are theree?
falling asleep to the sound of thunderstorms forming <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
"It's not the strongest, nor the most intelligent of the species that survives,it's the one most adaptable to change"-Charles Darwin
That was very sneaky of you, Gerry. Chipmunks! Download! Now!
Can't wait! RT : excited for w/my gals next wk! Bye black foot tar & unnecessary lb's
get her on an ancestrydotcom commercial! Stat!
Watching "rubber" with dustin and dexter
Going to Universal Studios tomorrow. Haven't been there in 2 yrs. Simpsons ride!!
people say "i love haters" well i don't
Just saw this one, OOPS!
do you DM your fans?!
I must be getting old .... can't handle the cold like I used to. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
This Saturday at we will be opening for ! Set time TBA
& I looking to connect w teachers in 1 to 1 classrooms #edchat #engchat #edtech If there is no forum, we need to create one!
what you mixed with?
has found there's a lot of flaky bands in Santa Cruz. More so than any other city I've tried to book. Most of em are crappy bands too.
Me too. I'd probably have more readers if I focused on one thing. But I want to write about this ... and this ... and this!
It's tricky getting your music heard by the people who would want to buy it.
Mom's first tweet all by herself! #soproud RT : Making dinner for my baby!
Some people are so friggin' immature nowadays.
RT : I figured...but it certainly applies! Happy #FF!
I'm your first follower!
you play video games? What's ur gamer tag? Even if I don't win the tickets I still wanna take you out on ps trey or xbeezy
Mane, i get mad/sad everytime i think about cheering.
How about all of those great bars in this month's 5280 Best Bars! How many have you found yourself at this year?
Is asking what movie out now is worth getting a sitter for?
Happy to see Albert Pujols getting back his swing. He just hit a 3 run homer. 4 hits in last 6 at bats..Way to go Albert.
more like... "I found your Facebook."
I can't tell from this picture but I hope those long sleeves aren't for Florida. ;) It's hot here.
congrats. Nothing like good ol' fashion work. It good for the soul
Don't call me if you aren't gonna tell me what you wanted to say. Thankyou.
#GoodLuck tonight ladies! Show #Miami how #FashionBloggers do it best ;) cc.
#Audition - Have trouble focusing in the waiting room? Try sketching something in the space while you wait. It will keep you in the moment.
- Me too...hoping to be "dark" all weekend and get some much needed R&R/ QT
I'm convinced that I'm a fiend for my phone, I think I'm addicted.
NOT TRUE! lol its not extinct im just not gonna follow it cause its from like august lol
if I told you I would have to kill you...
Yeah that's sounds dope
k who ever wanna be in the story princeton is up first who want him first come first serve
Great game and upset for Norfolk State
hey hun watching u on #mmauncensored now and love the facial haired look u got goin on ;)
Just checked u link... cool! So much to learn! ;-)
Life's too short, so kiss gently, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive rapidly.
20 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CONGRATULATIONS!!!! <U+2665>PLEASE TWEET ME
... DON"T SAY THAT
Spirit often asked me, “Why have a grain of sand when you can have the whole beach?” It is your divine right to be abundant!
then unfollow her, simple as that :)
I love u to!<3((: RT : I hope my babe has fun tonight love you whore! <3 :)
No not yet, it just came in the mail though so I'll pry watch it this week.
If ya wanna survive in this business..asking questions is a no-no..the less you know, the less likely somethin will get pinned on ya..
Happy Mothers day to all the Mommys
Ugh, we need rain in Texas. My heart goes out to those that lose their homes in the wildfires. So much bad going on in the world today
sure just sign up on the site and share it with your friends.. We will be sending out qualified users the invites in November
According to a Sex survey, Greece couples have the most sex, ~164 times per year. Brazil ~145 times per year. The global average is 103.
REAL men stay faithful... they don't have time to look for other women because they're too busy looking for new ways to love their own.
Im just tryna go home
#INTERNSHIP OPPORTUNITIES: communications and related backgrounds- contact us
“: The definition of God's Grace = When you're down to nothing God's up to something” I pray this is true, I could use it now.
party is off the hook!
Enjoy the barrage of beige.
that's why all my bitches bad.
& he kept saying stuff like its only a war on women when it fits the dems agenda and blah blah blah. & blaming Obama's camp.
On my dick nice & fit like a Magnum wrapper (;
Excited about new molds that will double our production capacity! Switching from 24 lb molds to 48 lb!
POOL TIME!!!
Note to self: NEVER fall asleep with pen on your hand. It winds up aaalll over your face. -_-
1 hour until the screening of at Check it out if you're in Columbia SC.
o pls are u serious are u serious almost broke me blood clot leg off lmao that was the funniest YouTube video ever
Dont talk about be about it
thank ya, Hoss. And I'm always ready to double down on insulting this shit town!
What is it that you have always wanted to but have been afraid to because of everyone elses possible reaction?!?
Looking for a Social Games Producer for a girls gaming site! 6 years exp. in games. Message me if you know anyone!
send him a message to worry about people getting jobs Very stressful situation
Freshman year was great but I'm ready to be more involved on campus now that I've figured out what I'm doing.
right back atcha!
Still all tied up 14-14 at The Wells Fargo Center. 4:34 left in regulation.
i keep forgetting to to get my lottery ticket! DOH!
Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren’t included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!
Houdini is now a music video. Ohmygosh.
no prob. Just making sure it came thru.
Okay so Love Thy Neighbor Is Some Fucking Crazy Ass Shyt! #MyMindIsOfficiallyLostItself! :P
MITT ROMNEY lives in ROMNEYVILLE his ACHIEVEMENTS doesn't extend outside of REPUBLICAN WORLD. His world is FOREIGN. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
No walk-ins in TOFT screening room Friday, Jan 27 from 12-3 pm due to class screening. For more info call 212-870-1642.
I know ahahah
Thanks new followers!!!!! Keep spreading the word! :)
Tired of the single life need a gf
Looks like we will be seeing U2 before :) Friday concert changed to Wednesday.
I'm sorry I really dont wanna talk about it it's too embrassering
Arlington! We are looking for new sponsors to add to our network! Contact us!
i need more followers ):
THAT was the podium??? Yeah, it would have looked a lot different with 18 people, guaranteed.
LOL “: I will be devastated if the aliens in the "Battleship" movie are not from the planet Connect Four.”
When I finished at UCSB in 2002, tuition was 1600 per quarter $4,800 per year. So UC tuition has effectively tripled in a decade.
is 22 today! And kinda can't believe it
OMG :( RT : Wow RT : Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee
I should really reappropriate my bike helmet as my drinking helmet. I make much more contact with the ground while drinking.
#Overdog! RT : Every time I walk out of I feel like a million dollars
hottest guys in the world
Don't forget to come see us at Fair May 19 & 20, 11-7pm at Palmer Events Ctr. We're booth 110.
Girls pretending to hit on me. One of the many benefits to delivering by bike?
Mitch, you just made my day! RT: Why is not on #MadMen? Explain, !
what are you doing at chick-fil-a?
The 2012 Pro Football Draft is starting anytime and we'll have it at Currant today! Anyone know who will get the 3rd pick?
Ok. Lord only knows what new rules the NCAA will make for this. It just feels like we're missing some other info
my very first retweet, you're the best
Dude Athens line looks like curios george
Can't wait to check in with my favorite Southern Belle this morning at 7:25 on ! M...M...m!
awe mi amor mwah mwah I love you <3 you put me to sleep as if I was a newborn in your arms. But guess wat, I'm your babygurl (:
looking forward to with tonight!
Looks great.
After a partial rainout last weekend - the full market returns this Saturday 8/15 featuring Tony Memmel (tonymemmel.com) performing!
Goin to the queen mary....spppoookkkyyyy!!
So its quitting season in #nba2k? I see Imma have to start putting gaming tags on blast.
lol I'm not kidding..
it seems like you notice everyone but me.....#neversaynever right?
I feel like I haven't talked to/rp'd with you two in to long. FIX THAT. :)
my sexy leprechaun! is Forever Young a cover or not im pretty sure it isnt but theres always that little chance #love1D perf!
i'm working on a story about illustrator Boris Diodorov. Saw you interviewed him. Can you email me at ? tx.
Hall of Famer- Donald Hense is a hero for countless students at Friendship Public Charter School
Yeah, it was pretty nuts in the Plainfield Rue 21
DWD Sec. Reggie Newson said he made decision to release #wijobs #s so job creators and job seekers have accurate information on jobs picture
I hate being jealous
sounds good dude
I wish I were a Mariners fan. The wait for spring training to start would already be over.
We have a set of questions to ask, but feel free to share your own answers or questions, too. Many experts on hand tonight!
Yes of course;)
Uh-oh. Friday the 13th. Are you superstitious? =)
Ooh...if that's the lead...we've got a lot of work to do the rest of the year!
Oh dear. A "that girl" moment. RT Where people you don't know make wildly inappropriate Ron Burgundy references.
#youknowiloveyouwhen I smile and get excited when your name pops up on my phone:)
Np, it's an awesome idea for a snack craving!
's annoying day was turned around by a game of hoops with 's Yates Field House.
ugh #sotired cant believe i stayed up this late..
RT : Only the true Son of God would have the time to be a carpenter AND a co-pilot
You inspire me. #doveinspired to refer to myself in the third person
Outpouring of relief that the low-rated NBC comedies are returning? Really???
plugins can kill you!
LMS if you got someone hatin' on you.
Love that the 'Nats renamed the Philly Cheesesteak sandwich the Natitude Steal Sandwich ... Also Bryce Harper is gonna be a stud
Already drama on opening day?!
hey i like how interviewing sounds really lo-fi. suites the subject. did clean this up?
Yes; our school is in Westchester County, NY
your hopeless lol
Billion Dollar Idea: Child-Cancelling Headphones
there was one at my school too!!!
(Greenfield) Fully involved car fire next to building. 4300 block of S 76th
Come up and have a Garbage Plate(TM) to celebrate.
I need to go to bed before i start making those late night calls lol!
Party is crackin! Get in here and get with the party! :D
you people are good. almost everyone I follow has been tweeting regularly. no one to drop.
You're right war is not a joke, and it should not be discussed so casually as if it doesn't have serious effects on our country
Hello! That thinking cap got put in a box somewhere...still searching! (But I will play as soon as I can...)
100 degrees today ??? Oh well
I'm not sure one more backup is really needed in Seattle
Today I see color/eyes still/black and white/when you walk/into your shadow
Uh, no sor...going to need YOU to do that, lol...no idea what you meant with that
have the BEST time today loves!
Check out the store for amazing art!!!
Song I never thought I'd hear during wrestling practice: Tootsie Roll. At least some knew the song.
sitting on your cookies. You still at them
IT'S ALMOST FRIDAY!!
Yes they were the ones together all this time!
Can you follow me PLEASE :) YOUR THE BEST CHACHI :D I LOVE YOU XD. Stay BEAUTIFUL <3 Your an AMAZING dancer. NO JOKE :)
DJ BCarr working mix CD Reaper Prod. Get At me
Happiness is not a matter of events, it depends upon the tides of the mind. Alice Meynell
OMG IM SUCH A BIG FAN <3 I LOVE YOU GUYS
really shouldn't even be a question
I need a mental health day.
You rock! U can also purchase your tickets at the door via check/CC
Don't get so caught up in the #SuperBowl that you forget about the thousands of people that will be forced into prostitution for this event.
Thank you, Shelby. But, it's the students who are inspiring, I just try to tell their stories.
#ImThatPersonWho...is a great judge of character. I know a front when I see 1!
Thanks, buddies! ": . this is great idea for an account! Love it. Props to whoever runs this! #outsidethebox"
You are very welcome. Karma rewarded me with a free shot after you left.
Happy #FF to some great new followers:
awww...how sad for you, now get back to work! ;)
I LOVE SUNDAYS!
Inside every rich person is a poor kid who followed their dreams <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
Hey Baby! Would you visit me? ;)
Make sure you get some good pain pills.
if you say that's not why... There's a good chance that's why you are back on.
Nobody cant define love , the right way <3 . /:
Last-minute deal on Celebrity: 7-night Alaska cruise for less than $100 per night. 8 sailings in June and July.
Hey Ms. Robin :)
Mac OS X Lion has taught me one new habit: Command-W before Command-Q.
It's better if you don't understand
Editing photos and watching Law and Order.
3 things in our house that my wife is afraid to use... 1. Logic 2. Context 3. Power Tools
Aww, I didn't know you consider me a friend! Good to know.
awesome. where at?
on the way to an Apple Vacations seminar.
The whole 'Ariana is orange' joke is so 1754. Grow up.
yes ^^haha broke up with my ex about 2 - 3 years ago been single ever sense :/
would you sell a kidney for those nike mags?
what did you do...?
I look huge! OMG!!!
omg i love unender
Happy to hear you can think about dinner before 7 am
Hoping to have a good lunch with
Die die die...I can't!
really ohh now i c it itz so small dats y lol
#HackedbyMamaMahone is trending #1 worldwide we did it! :D
Attitudinal segmentation is really just giving the right message to the right person
New hot movies 8. Kill Bill 4 9. Battleship 10. Project x 11. The Three Stooges 12. Shake 13. Safe House 14. Thousand Words
were going to restock in 2-3weeks
I'm such a geek!! I could stop telling 's wife how much I loved his acting roles while we waited to pee. Ahh!!! Lolz.
That is only true if you held out your hands, full of jumbled coins and said, "I have this many."
"Can't Wait"
I'm showing at SunFest in West Palm Beach this weekend. If you live in the area stop by my booth and mention this tweet to get a free print.
yeah, they killed his ass, right in the face
And so finals week at #cua begins. May the odds be ever in your favor.
it is when you have hardworking hoes
Hope you like them! Be sure to let us know which ones you try & what you think!
Happi good friday...what a rainy day blah
1 Mo Hour Den I Gtta Gt Me Sum Ta Eat Too Hungry
Mr.Stewart erkin ugh!!!!!
RT : Is there a place 4 whimsy n education? Maybe not. But there is certainly a place 4 it n learning.
I just found out about a new insurance product available in Colorado. If you're planning to get pregnant - Call me now! 303-922-1001.
U already kno
Don't forget to tag your tweets with #thatcamp!
I have been lying down in a comfortable position with my eyes closed for an hour now. Still, sleep eludes me. :( wtb goodnight's sleep.
Ok, that's added incentive. I know that is planning to attend (and to ride his bike to the show).
nobody gets mad at runner up. #Brewers lol
did you hear? :( ": Hallo Berlin on 9th Avenue has officially closed. #nyc”
Think of what we'd be able to create if we took the time spent anguishing over the Google Drive TOS and instead played Minecraft.
Paris Hilton should make a sex tape with black guys and call it Niggas in Paris
Hahaha! :P funny 'cause it is true.
When Communicating risk - you can't "communicate risk" -dennis miletti So true!
That inbound turnover just kind of summed up our whole season huh?
is #beast!!
OK, a non business tweet... Do the Indy Colts keep Payton Manning yes or no and why? I got to thinking more n more as I searched my soul 2?
Rick Jaklitsch & Debbie Potter of The Jaklitsch Law Group named to the Maryland Super Lawyers list as one of the top attorneys in MD-2012.
Kobe did his best Carmelo-meets-LeBron impression tonight: horrible shooting and non-existent 4th quarter
Great Site :-)
Confession ; my hand sweat really bad , for no reason at all . -____-
Was at a preservation conference in RI today... saw a participant's plate OLDHSE. Old house, very fitting for the occasion.
je n'ai plus faim Allison.
#whew I had a panic attack for you by just reading that tweet. was screaming #DONTDOIT!!! (on the inside of course) lol
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that something else is more important than fear.~Ambrose Redmoon
Happy Tuesday! It's beginning... find out about all the precip on the !
2nd friday. I'm here.
The Father of the Amero: Herbert Grubel Interview | Delivering Scratch
where is that?
#mlbplunk Welcome to baseball. Part of the game. Theyre big boys that can take a shot. If it causes injury, larger fine & long suspension.
those are my burning hands after a million claps<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
Oopsie - you know what? I bought the bacon-flavored black eyed peas. :) they were the only ones I could find!
Finished reading The Giver. Such a great book. Now I have to read the rest of the trilogy.
S/O to my family !!! i wouldn't be me if it wsnt for da ppl tht raised me !!! love ya to no end
Thinking about which pieces of art to bring to the Clark County Artist Guild meeting tonight. Hope they let me in!
Carpe diem. Seize the day. Make your lives extraordinary. -Keating
Just saw that Andria called it. Let me know if you hear of any others. Thanks!
Yeah, that was a pretty serious lapse in judgment, folks. Lay off the egg nog, please.
What do you like to drink?
Orangutans sit still for heart ultrasound at zoo The 9-year-old patient sits still, munching on popcorn and sipping grape juice while he
Hope this clippers grizzlies game is a good one
No bueno. It needs to clear up so I can continue one of my summer traditions: Wishing I had a convertible Chrysler Lebaron.
I think your differences makes it difficult. The best thing is to not take it personally when you do fight. Because u will
haha aww thanks girl! But yeah he was shitfaced too...I took a sip of his drink..it was some fruity margarita
Looking forward to the Restaurant EXPO next week at the Merchandise MArt. May 10th! 3,000 people!! YAY!
Welcome to PackNation big man. I hope you like new jewelry.
umm i'm jealous! He better come again next year haha
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
Those that praise you for what you don't have, wish to take from you that which you do.
you can dew it
: He is west you made it, it's not tomorrow here yet!!!
The US exports it's anti-labor policies. The fed does not hide its 4% unemployment target and goal to keep inflation down.
just don't call me 'Pretty In Pink'..lol! Hey, nice meeting u last week! one of the few twitter peeps I've met in person :)
I can't stand this shit anymore
Peanut butter and jelly toast, just like grandma used to make... minus the cigarette ashes.
Tyler Flowers has no business wearing Ken Griffey Jr.'s number.
Just because I am poor,doesn't make me stupid.
Um, that's not my name... apology not accepted!
If you dont put smiley faces in your textss...
RT : The song "Ordinary World" in your earphones turns ANY moment into a cheesy breakup scene.
u r a nut lol!
hahahaha--who says were not?!......guess I'll use those media credentials on someone else then, right Nick? haha
5000 business cards for $99.00 delivered. Today only!
tell her not to
": im too protective" feel that
hehe. Gotta watch out for the quiet ones :)
EXPERIENCED Retail Professional seeking District Manager position or higher...www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
I gotchu. Any place in particular that you see yourself taking up?
Alright.. Got a buddy looking for a 3 bedroom 2 bath house under $900 to 1000 a month...anybody know of any? Here in Nashville
i know ;) lmao
RT : The bike corral is installed! A ribbon cutting will be held Monday!
I'll be coming over for a demo when you get your Lytro!
Why do psychics have to ask you your name?
Last training run didn't go so well. La Jolla half marathon - please be gentle this Sunday!
what happened?
In Atlantic city
Throw bombs on it
I agree big banks are out of control part of reason is small banks can't compete cause of high cost scales from regs
Agreed with both statements. haha
To all of our fans: our show has been cancelled tonight due to booking issues. We are so sorry about the last min. We just found out!!!
Follow my fam and producer makes ANTHEMS
Tht girl got nerve I can't believe she did that shyt its cool dough her triflan a$$ mane
In a life time, the average human can fill an Olympic
i have 1 butt i dont get on it i dont like it 4 sum reason
School is for fools!
An this is it. The way I end this senseless bullshit. And I end it with a "FUCK YOU!" To everyone single one of you...
okie I'll check when I get home later :-)
hey your mom's bracelet is here and ready to go! I can't find our previous tweets! Will you send me your addy?
I've realized that i don't tweet enough.
I just wanna drag your Lifeless body to the forest...
I'm only letting myself draw David Lynch from now on until your piece is done. Sorry it took me so long!
LOVE THAT!
Just finished a photo shoot of a house : )
thanks! we so did!
Sick that I didn't get to meet you at #RTW12! You were always swarmed with people! :) Look frwd to meeting someday!
Heyyoooo let's get me some more
Haha close enough! But I guess not really since we don't look like each other and Wyatt is like 6 feet taller than me (:
what steps to take to pitch a show without someone stealing my idea??
if I photoshopped one up, I wonder if I'd be liable for libel?
Thats just the way it is. Some things will never change.
A1 For me, as others have said, the serendipity of meeting folks I would simply not meet otherwise is unique
morning my love!
I hate leaving my fridge full of beer. But hopefully it'll be that way when I come back
Sticking to my guns...
completed her food and exercise diary for 06/09/2011 and was under her calorie goal
This heating pad is sick
Shake That Ass 4 Big Daddy
no I don't
Cooking for 30. Yow.
Hate spending my sunday's alone , wah ..
I'm sure there is something ;-)
Thanks to everyone who came out for Movie Mondays with the Massive with and Club. Stay tuned for more, every Monday
D:Hive rocks
What do alcoholics do the day before St. Patrick's Day that requires them to take the day off from work?
Everythings better with u baby..it feels like it feels like MSBWU baby..it feels right Everythings better with you!
no problem ;)
#SunDrop REAL TALK when i say you look like the bird off of RIO takin biut sum "drop it low" then you do a (im not racist) white girl bop it
Nice! I just moved down to Phoenix and its killing me not to have seen or shot a show in a while. You going to SxSW?
I had a dream last night that I had a machine that printed me money. Now I want one..
nice, I like that. Those that answer yes are certainly ripe to be disrupted.
I'll sniff it out >RT : secret meeting, you've not been invited No coffee this week
thanks so much for the mention. JF
ain't no telling. But I can't wait to see! Is it September yet?
RT : It's #TravelTuesday. Share your best #roadtrip travel tip!
Innteresting. Failed the screen test? ;}
Nice site!
I'll get the red!
It's Friday!! Enjoy the holiday weekend but remember to make smart choices and take care of yourself!
I want you SO bad
everyone please follow my Z-Swag Twin Sisters & as well as the Z-Swag Ambassador
"Thanksgiving is an emotional holiday. People travel thousands of miles to be with people they only see once a year. And then discover onc..
Action dictates. Dreaming doesn't. It's that simple.
I love Sundays. I can lay back and chill. No work today :-)
Voices in her head r givin her the silent treatment bcuz she yelled at thm to stop inturupting
Just because there's a soccer ball in the net doesn't mean you can't score
Tell them that trebling my subscription rate is a fair and lenient punishment. RT I've got GQ on line one, Howie.
Life is good.
Hello Vegas Tech Group! Sounds like you're on the ball. Thanks for the follow. Let's build!
should have known.
I am so sad about this! You always offer insight and humor for some very tough social situations. :( Can you copy-write?
Tomorrow we get to clean broken glass out of Getaway. Since some jerk decided to bust the glass.
#thepeople who won't stop talking in study hall..
Recommendations for a good tattoo shop in #Pittsburgh that does typography?
Rewatched "The Old Dark House" (1932). Stormy night + spooky mansion + maniacs. Tame by modern standards, but still a hoot.
RT : BRUNCH!! Hot Apple Cider , DC's best French Toast and LaColombe coffee! // tempting!
Hope you FAC Heads had a wonderful day! Come on by tomorrow and check out some of our new Tru-Melts!!
If I ever found platform 9 3/4 I would <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> a brick!
I am you are doing well old twitter buddy
God is good,victory is won,we just gotta walk in it,and bless people as we walk
Los Dos Amigos Azul should be on Americas Best Dance Crew
Yes! It was fun and good to meet you both f2f. I enjoyed your SM suggestions as well!
so sorry to hear you weren't happy - please email so we can address this immediately.
Love that A&M still opens graduation with a prayer
Taking a picture yourself in the bathroom mirror with the toilet as your background has been done to the point of STINKING UP THE ROOM!
polling here is tight. Ask me today and I think O takes both NC and Va. With NC the closer. But I'm a reporter. Not a pollster.
Stuart is such an amazing designer. I've been following his work for a while--the "Salvage King"!
come in and enjoy a free cookie when you purchase a panini. Just mention this tweet
« man i sleep way too fucking long»
It's so cute it looks fake.
#RvG digging this competition and giving me new ideas in the kitchen
I am singing..
yes! Please talk your parents to bring you or just come by yourself or something I just want us to have a chance and to hangout
the things I would do to go to Europe.
Hello! I'm hungry! Whats your name?
it's not that bad
Dancing Elaine.
It's grind time, playing well and feeling great, now only if I can win flips.
Can't get enough of ? Attend Bandier’s Soyars Leadership Lecture Series 2nite @ 6:45pm, Room 007-Lender Aud, Whitman School.
You're straight?? So is spaghetti until you heat it up! #:-p
:( Can you please email supportseattle at uber dot com? So sorry! Thank you!
Right back at ya!
Californos is available for your next private event! Call us today about open dates in August. We're available August 6, 12, 26, 27 in 2011.
Well, sure. Still, bbq trucks and breakfast tacos are just as much an #saa09 highlight as the sessions. Thanks for RTing!
Hi! screens #filmfestival this afternoon 3pm. Don't miss it
oh my!
RT We're launching white label SEO pgm 4 consultants/agencies. If interested beta participation let me or know asap!
I'm from Minnesota but now I live in orange county. How bout yourself?
Bouta go shopping pray for me!!
Oh child I'm so full!
I hate when someone sucks up just to get that person to follow them
"Did you look at the itinerary? I stapled it inside your jacket." That's me and my husband.
unfortunately I'm not going to be at the game today. Have a great time at Yankee stadium. Let's go Yankees
messing around with my flip video camcorder, already have videos up! www.icraigery.com
Anyone notice that the SF refs use lots of words?
Tempted to cheat, unfollow and follow again to be lucky 2,000 :-)
why my new pics just appear on yfrog, and why they are not in my recent images on twitter ? -.-
:) better late than never! revolutions take time anyway.
damn girl
you guys should come to Omaha, Nebraska :)
and its go time!
You're quite welcome! Heading there in a little bit!
RT #weCantKickIt if your breath smells like trash truck juice
"If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to. If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you
Good morning everyone! cooler day outside, weatherman says 80s this weekend, must get work done :)
be there in 4 hours. get that Peach #CiroC on deck
Looks like it will be PM Cameron in the #UKelection - will be interesting to see what deal Nick Clegg has managed to secure
<3 cant wait to see you tonight
Shlitz Park is where it's at today! Take out Tuesdays- servin up the tasty power juices ;) 11-2!
Hello: long time, no tweet. Happy Chanukah. Give as much as you can to your favorite causes at the end of the year! T'will do you good!!
We love you too StripDistrict. Come in and let us get you a zucchini on us.
Just face it....some of y'all just don't have it in you.....
"son of a bitch, I true to catch it but I just couldn't catch it." -Danica on radio after her crash
Our Holiday party is on Friday!
"Tell me something good, sista." "Hm I touched Randy Travis' sweaty back today." Gah. I miss you !
.. the striated bulbar muscles of the urethra and contractions of the striated muscles of the pelvic floor (mainly bulbospongiosus muscles).
props to google who is getting so many people with their April fools trick
enjoying my nights adventure.
watching jersey shore. But do you have a tumblr?
I cannot overstate how hilariously funny the #30Rock live show is.
Thanks (: ill give it a shot!
The Phoenix Suns are hosting the Atlanta Hawks tonight at the US Airways Center. For game tickets, call us now at: 888-493-0004
My body is disagreeing with me today...must be due to the crazy WOD at CrossFit...ugh!
I never got my oil changed there. I just thought it was kinda funny. Which oil place will they curse next?
People that talk a lot barely know anything.
that run was ridiculously ridiculous.
i hate you
If he would have slowed down and didn't go flying into smith then yes, a minor penalty. The refs are looking at it as malicious
Going RT: Leonard Lopate will be interviewing me at the Brooklyn Public Library, at the Dweck Center at 4 pm today.
i must have missed that in organic chemistry
How was the Virginia Beach Tour?
Thanks for your great input.
Wow, Jessica Simpson is still pregnant! Unbelievable!
Hope you feel better
I love nuggets, just not from Denver.
Still have 2 papers to do
I don't even have anything to say right now.
I'm wondering what services commercial & portrait #photography studios are using to deliver electronic files to clients for download?
Saturday morning: discussing leadership styles, creating work plans, mapping out the calendar for the year. Busy, busy retreat day
Just cuz I'm closing down the computer for the holidays I want to wish you all a wonderful Holiday Season! Thanks for following me.
when did you eat last and what did you have?
Are you @ the game. I think its in dallas.
In search of Tahitian vanilla for cupcakes.
Please go visit Pilsen Community Market, 9-3 tomorrow, unfortunately we won't be making it out tomorrow:-(, enjoy your Sunday
: Our owner Burton does a good amount of blogging for Burton's Total Pet @ totalpetmagazine.com.
That doesn't mean you should give up and stop thinking on your own. cc
Black guys aren't usually in horror movies because they are smart enough to get the fuck outta there at first sign of horror
this game just got exciting.
OKAY. WE BREAK UP NOW :P
of course, I watched it an insane amt it was awsome so sad it ended after two seasons
The phone just got upgraded to 2.3.something. All I know is it sure is snazzy looking. The only problem is it lost my groups in the phone.
I forgot continental means crap in hotel breakfast terminology!
An "Avocado Margarita"? Thx for making me throw up in mouth a little.
Tortorella joining Laviolette on the "fuck the Pens" attitude. Should be an interesting playoffs
relationships ain't for everybody . & i guess i'm just one of those people that relationships ain't for .
Ready for Bringing Our Soldiers Home with Debbie Miezala
nigga im from da other L.A!!!
I guess you didn't hear me clearly the first time, I say this as simple as possible. STOP BEING BIPOLAR.
Oh I wonder what my 1500th tweet will be..... :)
My new Eczema Deep tissue oil with Shilajit & Calendula is doing amazing things!! I think I will release it soon.
Remember that guy from Wisconsin ? His VCU team is making another run at an NCAA tourney berth.
Short weeks are always the craziest. Can't wait for NYC on Thursday...
Was it touching ?
Omw Home From & Crib
Some Men Dream Of Worthy Accomplishments , While Others Stay Awake And Do Them .
On my way tonight to take part in Fashion Meets Wall Street party in New York. Should be interesting.
You don't know what you mean to me, you don't have a clue. You cant tell by looking at me what I feel for you..<3
Indeed! RT : indie booksellers HUGE.
"Other times it's like slowly dragging individual letters of the alphabet from a mire of cold glue"...words on writing
be ready with lifeline RT : M, I have DATA! Time to swim in it :)
OH: I'm so glad I started eating meat again. Sorry animals. Hahaa o
So, 's airwaves are about to get all "I love " up in here!
Paul polls well against Obama (-4) Gingrich gets slaughtered (-13). The goal is to defeat Obama--only Paul & Romney can do that
Starting new gig on Tuesday....i feel like i went 88mph and went back to the future.
I am part of a gang, with my gun as my voice
I know I did it cus of you're tweet lol
ain't nobody hotter than us. nuh uh!
Thanks for following Nathan..what style of music do you prefer?
Haha my french class new theme song is "i whip my hair back and forth" lmao ya where cool
Check out Paging Grace for your chance to win a copy of every Paging Grace song recorded!!!!! -Good Luck :)
"they're speaking Spanish" because we're at a Mexican restaurant #
CLUB TONIGHT at 8! be there or be square
-- Listen, you obviously want to take the Granderson deal. So do it then.
Having so much fun in florida dooh <3
Macy,justin Bieber #Someday Thursday?! :D Can this get anybetter
Money from strangers is just too funny bro
Except that I was told by 6 gay men that I was flawless
tuesday if everyone else is cool with that?
Sounds pawwwwfect! And I still have your number!
all we are saying is give peace a chance! right on! even my dogs believe that one!
so cool you tried out ! What a fantastic idea, right?! Hat tip to you for getting behind such innovative new ideas!
You won't regret it. :-)
#mix and upon further interneting, that is what they were credited as for the film.
I know, I understand we will have to keep our love secrete from you know how she gets
hanging out wid paul today...
So can anyone make it to "Plank's" tonight at 7.30?
What A Girl Wants by Christina Aguileria
Do you think I was too harsh?
Curtis Mayfield & The Impressions "Keep on Pushing" Classic
I'm in the upper balcony w and others. This place is packed!
Email us to get your free Diamond Dezign Ideas wallpaper! Don't forget to send your cell email so that it goes to your phone!
So many dreams coming out of the blue, so we let em come true -Forever young
somebody mention me
"Be strong." Easy to say; hard to do.
who r u?
22 more days of school....THANK YOU JEHOVAH!!!!!
That's the thing, if I was on home network, I'd be on one of my 3 MBP's.
"We must be prepared to embrace an environment of excellence." - Jacqueline Chanda, president, KCAI
Killing Joke Films: what a fun group of filmmakers you are. Hats off to you for coming out today in sub-freezing temperatures. Booyah!
is it good ?.
haha. i'll add: "that's so true" "i just said that this morning!" "oh my god, guilty of that" "and that"
Thanks for the mention!
#shestooyoungforyoubro.... but that doesn't matter.
Yay, eating Weisella, small cookies, and other German food in art history!
Home sweet home! Had an amazing time at #asw12 in Vegas! Lots of contacts to follow up with this week.
lol wow! and yeah kind of! u gotta put alot of force to it! for me it was kind of hard! i guess cause im lazy lol:P
glad we got that fresh squeezed juice! Let's get together again soon!
Big Show Reacts to DQ Loss to Bryan
Rock County now has results. $70 million Beloit Schools referendum has 55-45 % approval with 10 of 27 precincts reporting
According to Hindu tradition, rain on your wedding day is actually considered good luck! What about snow?
,they drink the milk
oh okay:( all i said was bring the money tommrow and wanna stay after tuesday to review the quiz, than gym
ehhh well thats no fair because Im a sucker for fb players lol
one take and one take only
You didn't miss much!
raul simon
are you still unable to get the wireless working?
You know, a girl I love named Alyssa told me about you. Welcome to the club. Thx for the heart.
why not girl (:
I was planning on coming to ur Improv show, but I got lost in the woods in Studio City. I'm totally serious.
#DLD lines are a Gordian Knot. We don't know if we're at the end or beginning.
Busy, busy bee! Hope everyone's having a great week and staying warm! :)
I haven't been to the Microsoft Store in The Domain. Is it open? Well, I haven't been to The Domain in a long time.
indeed I will :)
Good morning. My water heater died. Even with a warranty, it's going to cost me $600 to fix it. $600 that I don't have.
I know you're lying, just tell the truth for once.
I promise its fck everybody from now on. Can't wait to graduate and get the fuck outta here and Leave yu behind bitch.
Eating salad while listening to Christmas music is a horrible mix. Switching to soups tomorrow.
#RIP Donna Summer
Today's roadblock: remembering work passwords....ugh!
I have given up peanut butter and it's slowly killing me...
*Astronaut status* LIVE !!
Spending some time today reading and annotating the Script for the film we will be shooting later in the year!!
getting dressed for school!
I'm blaming Java. (of course)
That's Chiflada in Spanish lol RT : I'm 25 and yes I'm Daddy's Girl Forever!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Alyssa Jackson. My Main Bitch
Who knew Coughlin was such a cry baby?
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME WHY THEY MAD AT MY NIGGA IF IT AINT CAUSE HE AINT GET THEM BACKSTAGE
I am thinking about creating a #Facebook page...what do you think?
What did you think?
I wish. I only buy $5 bucks tickets in the upper section. They were going for $20. Too pricey. I'll be watching from home
happy birthday Tito Cit!
Just landed in the sunshine state!!! #southfloridabound #springbreak2012 #showmewhatyougot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Dreaming of Peonies in Paris!!!!!!!
i need a day to myself like fa real i need peace n quit and just relax get everything off my mind and relieve stress
Pleated, super-soft toilet paper doesn't work well with low-flush toilets from the early 1990s. Trust me on this one.
thanks so much for RT my friend! Bug hugs
now, if I could just get some more readers and followers!
I don't know which day he had planned on doing it. But I'm going over to Cats anyway to chill & help clean! B-)
top of the 10th, buddy.
Thank you again for ANOTHER great call!! Richard Fenton and Andrea Waltz authors were FUN!
I trust 3 people. Me, myself, and I.
Do you have a way to search address books (gmail, fb, twitter) to see who else is using Skype?
abby wants you to come to class at stepping out tonight. & anyone else can come too. 7:15.
My trusty old iMac won't boot beyond the chime. Made my first Genius Bar appointment for tomorrow afternoon.
do do do Do do do do......kicker of elves
the tent had ice chunks on it last night! Everything is easier from here!
haha yes, they're quite lovely!
obviously we can have ethnic baby playdates<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Today's BTU inspiration: "A man is not where he lives but where he loves." ~Proverb
Hell Naw RT no way RT “: The Hunger Games > The Avengers”
Not a good finish, that's for sure RT : A VERY, VERY bad loss for IU. Poise, toughness and confidence now a big problem.
I hate #twitter follow limits!!!
fuck my stomach right now.
Delicious Birthday Lunch at Julie's Kitchen in the Fi-di! We love this buffffettt!!! :D
Did someone say is picking up the tab #SHRMTalent tweetup this evening? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Wow, the dad of Jessi Slaughter just died.
what time do u work today?
Hey you will get a history essay and its hard!!!!
And Ron Isleys
Had fun at the Butler camp today! Can't wait until I go there :)
Follow the conversation today with the hashtag:
This book about Auschwitz is, like, REALLY sad.
At the library signing you up and handing our wristbands! Come on by and make sure you don't miss out on the awesome game we've got planned!
Catholics smell weird. (That's going to get some #FlameTweets)
My sisters were laughing at everyones butt so i showed them mines
Americans are their own worst enemy. It'll work out though.
Nice to meet you! And always great to see !
that is crazy. RT : also, brittany from alabama shakes is only 22. with that voice? 22? so good i can't take it.
Did you know that all of 's soups are gluten free today?
Searches find hashtags... but just for past week. What about tweets for , say, #dcmi2009 or #yorkreg09? Twitter forgets so quickly?
OH! and all you peeps who came to our show in Atlanta w/ Cartel, Hey Monday, & The Ready Set were awesome. You made it so much fun. Thanks!
am doing it virtually! Calm yourself, think about Ryan!
Every time I hear a beep, my first reaction is to sprint 22 yards
Must be teaching a new cook here at IHOP. The kitchen is a very "vocal" environment.
fleetwood Mac top ten band of all time! The drums on that song: EPIC
Wasn't me.
the fact that I'm probably not gonna see my boyfriend all weekend.
Jesus take the wheel
LMAO. I'll be sure to keep that in mind when writing your character
I suppose ;-)
I agree with you! Many people are very rude.
Waited around for someone after work only to find out he'd ditched me. Ok then, time to go for a drink. Anybody up for it?
Working on Spring Showcase info, Summer Schedule, KDA Company Auditions, Master Teachers, Intensives and Camps... More info SOON!!
It is the way we roll.RT : RT if you drive with the windows down when it hits 60 degrees!
Teachers loved giving Jar Jar tests b/c he would finally shut-up.
I can't trust these hoe niggas, i can't trust these hoes either.
How can you NOT eat the entire footlong? Especially with the veggie version.
I hate this so much lol
excuse me...I might drink a little bit more than I should - Tonight!
I saw a very ethnic Lady today and I thought of you
Change of plans! I'll be home in 4 days, not 3.
It should! These cords are satin ;)
a little furry friend? :-)
RT - HP Spinning off PSG is like the New England Patriots spinning off their Tom Brady division...TIMN so right
Aha:b
Got in the bathtub and decided to start reading the new LBJ biography. I can already tell I'm getting no work done this weekend
Now I can just relax
me 2!!!!! Need some good seats to get on the big screens!!!! And my magic finger!!!!
Tweeting you how much I love you. But that usually takes up most of my night. <3 :)
I didn't. Resisting the urge to do so now. I need my blood pressure.
I'm sunburned. What a joy...
Wow that's awesome man.If you lived here I'd collaborate w/ you; I work in a Juvee. U got perfect day/night jobs, good man.
#np truth of a liar by august burns red<3
in cab on my way there now. See you shortly.
Irving tax office -quite possibly the worst customer Serv. ever- 8 ppl working- they have 1 of those ppl working the 60 person line I'm in.
Been a while since I'd heard the phrase "drop trou." Thanks, new office neighbors, for snapping the streak!
Assoc of Science Museum Directors breakfast is underway! Colleague connections.
Today's earthquake in Los Angeles has a 5% chance of being the foreshock to a bigger earthquake. Good preparedness reminder everyone!
6-11 last 2 seasons in conference play? Top 3 class every year yet no top 25. OVER-RATED
still cant get love sick out of my head , i love yous please follow meh <3 8
Anyone that would like an advance copy of the the new Ragtime Ralph release, "The Fahey Project" for review, please contact me.
Ive been witing to many qitty posts on facebook . . . .thats my twitter material !
RT : What a weekend
I hate my gym teacher -.-
I get paid to go out
thanks! I've never experienced anything like that in my life!
I'm back in the studio
Today is the fakest holiday ever, fuck it and fuck all of those fake lovers out there who take it as a special day,
In the type of girl that'll sit and watch sports center w/ you all day.
Recording podcast on wed! And preparing to shoot a script in Feb.
totally not serious, hahaha. i wanted to try to say what maybe 90% of philly fans are now thinking.
hope u like it!!
if it wasn't my work laptop....it would have been thrown.....idiotic. We need a point
Thanks for the Follow ! Following Back!
. unplanned stop in phx for potential engine issues= ok. 2.5hrs circling phx to burn off fuel before landing= monumentally stupid
Rick Ankiel's throw to the plate in #Nats game makes #MLB highlight video. That was a strike!
New to Facebook? Download 's new eBook, "How to Use Facebook
Have a student totally loving the Brio! With Dana Sheridan designed head first thing this morning!
When u play Philadelphia
Just finished listening to 's Really Big Shoe with guest
I agree as well Idris Elba gets the sexy vote in Can Black Men be Sexy YES his point is well taken.
Byron, you told her bout my IQ test scores?? For real, that's how you feelin'!! LMAO!! She a fool with it!!
What are your plans for Friday night? has something pretty big planned with – stay tuned to find out more!
LUX SUNDAYS IS GONNA BE ON FIRE Starting Sunday April 1st Be There!!
and on that note ill be getting one today lol
My friends French & Vanessa Stewart are "Putting On The Hits" tonight at Hollywood Studio Bar & Grille. Can't wait!! 7pm
RT : VH1 Soul is playing all of Whitney Houston's videos now.”
Hello Johnny: I am a big fan of the band Skid Row and I like your new material. Thanks.
Thank you! I will.
Enjoying #Brooklyn in #BedStuy #ILoveNY and teacher freedom!!
At ihop with my mom
OUR MISERY IS DUE TO THE REPUBLICAN ECONOMY OBAMA IS FIXING the Buck stops with GOP Congress who own the purse
RT Hello Michelle! So glad I found u on the Alchemy Conf. page! Can't wait 2 meet you & talk to you about my show :) Love, :D
Edit tonight Post punk, rock, indie! 10pm tonight Lezzzz go!!
Oh hey guys! Want to do me a favor? Can you go follow if you're a Directioner? Please & thank you :)
Nuns on Ice is happening tonight! Are you going?
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different!
Thank you! It sucks! "Bonus": I have wonderful friends/loved ones, but can't very well invite them to hang out today.
Foot is asleep omg
Don't be a hater, show the love for my #selenators !
I was at MGM with the family. It was so cold and so crowded we went back to the hotel early. That cold snap killed all the plants
so did you get a date from pat ???
How to deal with rejection? Don't let it paralyze you. Not personal. You can't sell everyone. Analyze failures and learn from them!
Getting ready to depart the Newsplex for new adventures in Hawaii. Hope you'll still follow me on twitter. I will miss you Virginia!
Dali's illustrations for Lautreamont's LES CHANTS DE MALDOROR (Albert Skira, 1934) in special exhibitions wing today.
video games and Internet have changed the face of childhood games :(
WHAT. WHAT. WHAT. CIN SINGLE?! WHAT?!
Your wish is my command! I'll let you know when I get that post up. You're the best! :)
Guys #jalli is so real. I'm gonna be tweeting from some more xo.
it's a hoot! Lots of fun.
Making music with Shannon.
Is it one of those "so miserable you forgot how it is to feel normal" type situations?
lol weren't we supposed to quit?
Throwing a tantrum because cliffhanger.
June 15th is the big day! Hope you guys are excited for our summer issue!
Cant hang anymore
Safe travels to Ambs heading home for thxgiving! Have a great break everyone and remember to check our blog: auambassadors.wordpress.com !
I hate to be the bearer of bad news but it's actually Thursday today...
For 4 yrs I've believed "Big-Mouth Biden" to be stump-dumb, but "Prez Romney"? Maybe he's brighter than I thought. ;-)
In need of an edge up! Mini fro type shit goin on.
Love a #nude special getaway 2 nights $200 Caliente Resorts
See. You bad-talking my boo. Adam Sandler is awesome with a side of awesome sauce. S'wrong witchu? lol
so hungry for tocilog
Good Luck Today. Lucky your not home it would be a rain out
No rush but thanks for looking
wanna see something really cool? "RGBify" the tweeting colors feed.
I wish I can hibernate
My last tweet was jus a thght wen i seen him on tv...lol
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Np:Justin Bieber BOYFRIEND:)
Hey how u been?
RT : I'm thinking another photo contest is in order soon...;) you heard it here first twitter friends!
#ThingsThatICantStand People being late for meetings
Last Thing: I have lived in AZ, IL, and MN, and right now, never been prouder to be A fan for my whole life.
At the Manhattan Beach Pier. Come down and get an ice cold sample!!
joshua woke me up this morning and, to be honest, it felt like old times
I wish when I went running it was with Forrest Gump through the cross country scenes in the movie. Instead its by myself on a treadmill lol
First day of track was pretty good !
It might not be my Friday, but I'm going to pretend like it is! TGIF. #Cheers!
The real juice!
I just found out it has the most caffeine
Shady Lady Saloon right on 14th and R is a good bet for a small group. Great ambiance, food and drinks.
Caleb really loves you, this is Caleb's best friend here, but forreal he's a keeper
bummer, well played game. Defense looked good, esp that last minute of 2nd half. Thought they were going to get one.
She Michael Jackson bad
Wishing a Happy Easter to all!
In the mood for a good holiday flick. What's your favorite holiday movie?
Delaware takes a 1-0 lead!! #17 Michael Piet with the games first goal!
behind the scenes video for comin' soon. Will be droppin' TODAY!!!
...break ur arm, and throw u to the floor" haha! Lmao!!
me and my bro so focus right now! be on the look out for new music, & new music videos!
thanks for the comment...please follow us
ye we on it
Hiya Kim!
Met with yesterday. Left feeling very optimistic and confident about life after graduation! THANK YOU!!!
Carters home run came off Ron Davis of the Yankees
so bored
yes! I think it's awesome as part of a healthy diet and lifestyle.
cruise? okay, when?
negativity. let's see how this goes. swimmingly, i'm sure :) (see? working already)
you look like one of those green pigs from that angry birds game.
No power?
Haha, oh ya. Im good, u?
Follow ME!
Yeah I'm blowing you up Jed, it's what people without the means to buy 4 tickets but enough means to afford technology do!
How long are you in town for?
Thinking about stepping back into the ring one more round!
#Spurs ain't Memphis...no comeback for you!
Very excited that Alex Oriakhi is coming to #Mizzou. is owning this story. Must follow for MU fans.
Lmao rachael is hilarious.
thanks britt, <3 has Sarah said anything to you ?
What are you doing tonight? RT : afterparty at tonite 10pm-3am. Ask for at the door.
Well, depends which P&P we're talking about! :)
i've tried all the other ways :C NO
very cool. An congrats to
Happy Birthday Panic! At The Disco's Brendon Urie!!!! May your day be the best of them all :)
Aw...that's just because you inspire me more than others that I find even more opinions to express to you :-)
Those really long car rides with your family and you just blast your iPod, look out the window, and block out the world
damn!!!! that nigga got sleeped!! im surprised he was up talking!! lolz
There is a cave that used to belong to a shaman...and in a few minutes, I'm going to hike to it :-)
Omg you know like 2 songs by them, just quit now
we all have to downsize in this economy
I'm like dude we doin better than yall right now
Music update: I am still filled with hatred for MTV programmers.
Congrats! Glad you're making the most if it...
Iron Chef Will!
what the fuck does that mean?
trying to upload jewelry photos to my facebook page.
Papp running through our many accomplishments...including our increaseed grad rates
i wonder if greyson see's us right now talking about him right now.....:D
No, he doesn't "Tweet-Face" (as he calls it).
I still can't believe it. So sad right now. R.I.P.
I was ogling the hell out of Racheal Perry until balke Shelton and his creepy-intesne rape glare showed up. Boner whiplash achieved.
nah im good i have little coversaions with kristen:) but dont leave me loner any more! Ok im sorry dont kill me :0
have a good day at work love!!! LOVE YOU
sometimes i wanna smack the shit outta my bf.
re: revel in the fact that Jesus has . . . love, mercy and grace for us! I revel in the fact that you've got the courage to post it
Dude I just wanna get home and sleep , I havent been home since yesterday and I havent sleept -.-
MT : My big question...who are the best political bloggers in #SanDiego? // Twitter, what do you say?
Great job genius!
Aahahah lmao can't stop laughing! Good movie. :-)
No problem. Nice to meet you!
Staples / nokia center is madness with march! Gotta love college ball and oh, cheerleaders!
“ Wine improves with age. The older I get, the better I like it.”
Yo This stupid phone don't let me change my picture on here! I've had that shit for 2 year almost now! Need to change it ASAP.
Keep It Elegant:-)
Excited for tonight's #Portland opening of #CirqueDuSoleil's "Ovo." I've been looking forward to it since I first heard about it in 2009.
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear.
There is no doubt that the JONAS BROTHERS WILL ROCK THIS YEAR!!!!!!!!
Check out GWHT member winery, : 2010 White bottling photos from last weekend
oh man I want some twitpic action. I assume furniture is worth it? Does it get good wifi?
Adam has that"why me" look on his face!
Eat chocolate that looks like a salad? RT : trying to gain weight while trying to eat the right way .... How?!
Everybody ready to tackle Washington St on Sunday at the #SDHalfMarathon?! We'll be waiting at the finish line with your recovery shake!
Thought picked my challenge :/ he didn't <\3
Someone smells all Beltaine-y.
Off to school !!! Enjoy your day everyone !! :)
looking forward to seeing you tonight! Cheers
All tht spam in my DMs makes no sense ya need to stop randomly browsin thts how ya get viruses & ya pages hacked !!
Went coon hunting with Elijah.. what an experience hahaha
Cuz here and now! I promise 2 love faithfully!..I sing
Everyone went to bed early =(
Those in Washington who haven’t met ‘Abdu’l-Bahá yet get a chance to do so this morning.
Tijuan shut up thats why u gotta stand on a stool to kiss a girl lol
red7. Freddie's brothers bar. Punk and lone star.
hahaa examples hm well just stuff i say?? lol =p
wouldn't miss it!
Pft, fish aren't really animals. But we have a great produce department, too!
eh thats like a mild form, the other u cant get rid of :)
its all in that book and the pearltrees thing is literally what we have sketched out!
Trials only reveal the faith that's already there.
good luck
“: She will, she will, she will.” lucky u
Dang, I need to go to Walmart but I'm already dressed.
you got an extra scantron?
We seriously have school tomorrow?
If it weren't for our illusions we'd be free from deceptions, and life free from any interests.
Yall ain't gone never land then as soon as yall pull up yall boarding another flight
#Aquarius MB guy of the day: Princeton
GO is a 2-man Austin outfit that got their big break a couple years back at Austin City Limits. Now they're a staple at all the big fests.
I swear this time I mean it .. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I think it's a sad shame that Casey Anthony don't want to show her face out in public much,Because I would like to see her in cuffs again!!!
Yuni Betencourt leading off?? Brewers have seen moves like this before.
when I get home
RT : Every day this week I will unsubscribe to at least one email that I get and don't read. Simplify! "You go!"
Prudes are the biggest whores of them all.
ask 'em if they want any ! We'll travel!
I should have known!
'fraid not. Just part of my new policy to at least notify folk what I've been writing about. Thanks for wanting to know...
You know what really helps in a traffic jam? Honking your horn.
AVID= Advancement via Individual Determination. Its a program that supports low-income students on their journey to college. <3
lol it's still nice
I don't know. But it isn't right.
The waters are calm...
Im sorry taysha )'d
Shut Up! You don't NOTHING... About ANYTHING
Seeking out an Avaya Voice Analyst for a 6 month contract in Lauderdale with VOIP, PBX, IR Software and VRU.
I Bottle Pop
I HUSTLE HUSTLE HARD!
Checking in at the Taxonomy Bootcamp in DC
I know there's a zombie bar.
Is it weird that that I can write and read spanish like english but I can barely speak a word of it?
I am going to Germany this summer
RT : #TRUTH You can always find someone new the question is can u find someone thats right? <-I believe you can
it's goanna be awsome though /:
I know! I think we are on the same page :)
I seriously can't be creating more value with my hands, 100% losses with big pairs played perfectly live at the palomar
Woa its creepy how u just crossed my mind. Lol how has ur music been going ME TO LOL
Having such a hard time getting into mirror traffic. It keeps reminding me I'm turning 37. Thanks malkmus. Here's another go.
Apologize 4 pic issues. Fortunately not only person having issues. Go to #ESPN today @ 12pm(EST) for #NASCAR pre-race, hopefully no rain!!
yeah really cool Kris... really cool.
You guys don't want to give up on Flacco-Reed.In Balt it's a non-issue. I would text you but want u to know I care
Dancing with the feet is one thing, but dancing with the heart is another. <U+2665>
Dobson's on OpenTable: www.opentable.com/Dobsons-bar-and-restaurant Make a reservation for lunch or dinner, or come for a drink at the bar
Watching the Sharks highlights from last night never gets old
Writing the part of my critique of George Kennan on the subject of the supposed policy "factor" -- the Polish-Russian War of 1920.
Is jerry stackhouse actually on the hawks or is this just another tyronne lue situation
Low-income homes lose on average more energy than others RT : Yes. Pres: "Easiest way to save money is to waste less energy"
Beware of criminals posing as music marketers on-line.
#NowPlaying Pretty Lights – Pretty Lights vs Radiohead vs Nirvana vs NIN on
Just a little over a month before I move to Florida.
Selling 2 tickets to Wiz tonight... $120 for the pair
49% of sports event attendees used social media to discuss their experience and post videos and photos (Ticketmaster study)
Killer dolls won at the softball game today GO MY TEAM 8-7
People keep offering to buy our bikes. No, they are not for sale. Or...maybe they are?
2,000 fans! What a great Mother's Day Gift!!
Can you send this to all of our kids? Lol. We want to be spoiled with great food!
Great flick. Never gets old.
Watching the game doe~ (:
.........Do I need to get your address and phone number?
I have the whole movie theatre to myself for Hunger Games. I feel like the King of the mall.
Ray Lewis studied Level 1 cervial neck fragmentation at The U, Peyton might want to check his transcripts to see how he did.
Yeah…. At what point did George Takei become the gay asian version of Ebaum's world?
hippies are cool :)
": Respect is earned, honesty is appreciated, trust is gained, and loyalty is returned!"
Great talk and Q&A on "capital failure" by chief Rob Rosenbaum
#NACA2012 is the bomb!
Getting new and used spare parts for more build-ups..the start up phase..phew. Gotta stay hungry..and foolish.
Show was ahhmazing! Can't wait to visit the city that really has my heart tomorrow :-) Houston.
Couldn't ask for a better person than to spend my weekend with :)
Stay near the tree so that the fruits may fall on you...Swahili Proverb
you coming out to broadway bar tonight for Girls Gone Wild?
So sad for the Bulls <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
I do
If PV is screaming at a ref, it's okay to show him. If he's just sitting there chewing gum, please SHOW THE FUCKING GAME.
NW: Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban for <U+E056>
ELIMINATE YOUR GROCERY BILL, www.gasandfoodvideo.com then enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I supply 125 leads a week
Your Barnes & Noble contact would be Claudia Romanini,
nickbreezygotbacckk 8 um... Mistletoe.. yeah OR The Only Exception IB- Mikey <U+E32A>
that counts for football too but most gator fans don't believe it
these days seem long..
Nonono. I draw those on my feet. I'm not stupid.
That's the spirit!
lol you tell me
happy mothers day to you!!
I set more store by a good regimen that maintains my humors in balance and procures me a sound sleep. Drink hot when it freezes...
he is SO cute! And I like his profile pic :)
“: Opening for November 8th at 20th Century Theater” also with !
Thanks fruits and veggies for keeping me healthy. And thanks for also keeping me hungry 24/7. Filling up on Crystal Light.
Wedding invitations arrived today from ! Boss had to pick them up & texted me, "they're gorgeous!" Can't wait to see them!!
Terrific that Google's sponsoring free airport wifi during the holidays, but "SEATAC-FREE-WiFi" as AP name has unfortunate whiff of scam.
Good luck to our 279 members of Team Northside participating in Sunday's Rock 'n' Roll Marathon. We are "rockin'" together! Go team!
PRANK THE PRANKSTER
NICHOLAS MEGALIS THURSDAY AUGUST 27TH AT THE CAMBRIDGE ROOM HOUSE OF BLUES CLEVELAND ONLY $5 9PM
What has everyone's favorite movie screening of the year been? Or favorite movie ever?!
To all those who say Harry & Louis are dating, shutup!! Harry has a girlfriend!! Louis & Harry are not dating!!! Thanks!! :)
Thanks for being our 100th follower!
AH SO EXCITED!!
4 pm sounds great. feel free to call me or shoot me a number to reach you with. Thanks!
Headed to 24 hour fitness now...
that tips well
Ha! Boy, do they ever :-) "That's a nice mobile business ya got. It'd be a shame..."
we are royalty over dominion/ of the inhibited self
I've taken some really smelly cabs in my lifetime, but this one REALLY takes the cake.
Yes, I have the sense of humor of a 7th grade boy.
they look pooped out!
Don't miss today's Chicken Pot Pie AND Curried Cauliflower with Pannier Cheese. (V) Both are awesome..have one for lunch and take one home!
is he big enough at 185lbs?
RT : Holland might not have a pretty face but on a 55'' LED screen he's got the BEST looking butt
Mfs really up at lawrence park doinq that hide n seek shit.! Dumbasses dont be cryinq if you have two do some you dont like
Join us May 12 and 13 to celebrate mothers day at the Market Square. We will perform live from 6:30pm to 8:00pm
Do you think Real Madrid will win the Champions League?
May your walls know joy; may every room hold laughter and every window open to great possibility~ Maryanne Radmacher- Hershey
Hey there! Twiike's no longer connected. I need to change the verbiage on my background image too. Lollygagging, I guess!
Woke up thought it was Monday. Thank God it's Tuesday. :)
#NF my tattooist the best tattoo artist n Milwaukee!!
I guess it depends on your outlook after all :)
Today we experienced an earthquake starting to remind me of the movie 2012 a little smh follow me and I will def follow u rite back
I'm so tired that I dont think I'll even be able to stand at soccer.
- im like always tired.
hit my phone
Heading to the #GMCC ribbon cutting at #Madison s new Heid Music...come hear and play the fun! Tree lane near Mineral Point.
Hillel's Israel Coalition discussion about working with Jewish Heart for Africa on SFSU campus - great potential.
If you want to win a pair of Real Estate Tickets at The Neptune on Friday, retweet and you will be entered in tomorrows drawing.
Thanks LN! Scavenger hunts was something i've been toying with but I'm worried about logistics.
Just bought a baby christmas tree for me and s apartment!!!
Thanks for listening :-)
Lucky!!! I had a spanish final today /:
I am now
“: What would you use in place of a potato? Chefs? #80Plates” parsnips!!!
Game time! GO BULLS!!!!
I'm so pissed I want to spit! Finally watching Life Aquatic.
this new twitter blows. And not in the good way. Time to go back to
some dudes in cortland r clowns. learn how to drink
no idea how I'd make a book glow in the dark @
How much better would THE HANGOVER movies be with Bradley Whitford, Richard Jenkins and Clark Gregg? You know those dudes don't fuck around
Day 2 of the video shoot for my bros upcoming mix tape !!!!
Shocked and horrified by the #troydavis news...
See how our goodwill trip to Guatemala is going!
haha , so check this out i leave for ATl FEB16TH / so im tryna come to charlotte . so we can hangout for the whole day .
Does Ray Lewis deserve the fine for the hit on Ocho Cinco last weekend?
When u dance up to the girl and u get rejected, dance back with confidence
Mitt Romney Must Be Bold to Beat Barack Obama Once the waters are muddied, what will be left of Romney's message?
Welcome home , we all see the potential
RT - If the Jacksonville Jaguars are known as the "Jags" & Tampa Bay Buccaneers are known as the "Bucs" what does th...
I know right! she was always saying aww im your friend and then doing shady stuff. Yes no more Dair, Team "CHAIR" <3
really?! I like both! For some reason I just get major butterflies when guys call me babe, whether I like them or not.
Amazing how anger from an estranged wife is transferred to innocent kids in a divorce. We teach our kids how to love in such damaging ways.
yes please!
lol it posts from fb too ol
You kinda annoy me more than you should.
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never.
Tending to the vegetable garden.
Our web server has been down for 11 hours...
I just seen the ugliest prom pic lol.. This girl looked like a straight up man
I never thought we'd get that many followers in that short period of time.#NEVERSAYNEVER follow us?(:
So I really want the someday purfume by
sadly they only had ham in the caf this morning :-(
People are already blowing up my phone. My pissy mood is beginning. You've been warned.
Hugging him <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> this can't be life
Keeping rock alive!
RT : Thanks we have raised almost $1,000 for CPE through your site. Happy shopping for a great cause!...
I finally am a little tan doe
I lost my best friend yesterday 7/26/10 Warlock king of cats. He gave years of happiness and love and I will miss him but never forget him.
Retweets make me feel so important.
Dr. Benjamin: "It's hard to get people excited by prevention, because when it works, nothing bad happens. Let's put a face on it."
Been hearing people talk about Broadcastr. So I recorded a couple excerpts tonight of Depth of Focus and Siblings & Other Torture Devices.
Time to start this weekend b !
Sittin on my lazy ass jus lookin at my stars in my room.
Favorite foodie spot:
Answer to U.S. District Court Complaint
ur the best
Yay for getting out of class early <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
insane lawsuit. If someone thinks Shape-Ups will help you lose weight need to take responsibility for their purchase.
I forgot what I was going to tweet. See, this is why I need a phone!
Is playing music for money inherently a compromise? How do you successfully build a career and still maintain your artistic integrity?
thanks man! and yep, this one is 30.
Did you say contract year? Does miracles RT : Swisher's body language right now is great at the plate.
secret underground ufo bases; remote viewing; psychometry; synchronicity; syesthesia; psychic communications with animals, plants, & insects
its all good tho.. #giants spanked em right kwik
finally scheduled our open house --- August 18th from 5-7pm, everyone welcome to stop by!
We'll negotiate ;)
Just watched Hugo. What sweet film.
Wen we leaving? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Also, there are only 2 more weeks, so as many plugs as possible would be appreciated. :)
Another exciting day in radio. I helped Wim Wenders find the hot water for his tea.
LOL That is funny.
The only thing missing from the real housewives: bigger earrings
One of my favorite songs...lol :-)
Couldn't agree more! RT PSA: Green #beer is for amateurs. Drink real beer.
1D is the reason I keep believing. The reason I wake up in the morning. The reason I put x's at the end of my tweets.& the reason I smile (:
hey tyler wanna ichat!?
holy crap liam <3
Oh really? (: Which part?
Remember people use your words and your hashtags! They are powerful!
4 out of maybe 150 bookings we've had were through Sonicbids.
If it was actually privatizing, the prices would be falling, not rising. These are half-measures. They solve nothing.
Thanks Good luck in Chi-Town!
Tony Stewart gets a drive in Hamilton's McLaren F1 car, Lewis Hamilton gets to drive a rental car
yaayyyy!!! we knew it ! congrats my love Lol :P iloveyou<U+2665><U+2665> !! can youplzz follow me ? :/
Don't you just hate the auto corrects on ipods/iphones etc? Then theres loads of photos about it using dirty words caused by it
Out drinking, just heard the official anthem of Auburn Athletics, know what I'm talking about.
tuesday at 530! Looking forward to a coronita rita!
nigga not everybody got empty houses like you, lol, u ain't trying do nun
Me and the fam went out to eat at fridays
Building an All Start ChaCha Guide team! Want to join and make money? Message me! Only serious people wanted!
Thank you Kelly! Nice to be in touch with you!
Coming into this week, Big Ten teams were just 5-10 in the OSC while Atlantic 10 teams were 2-4. Minnesota and Dayton are helping that...
General Hospital is on. Time to zone out.
pshh, i just think we have good taste, period. :)
keep seeing jags/hard knocks tweets
RT : FAREWELL: The 10 Fastest Dying Industries In America
happy for the cash but annoying to miss out on the ring/champagne when the guy I get HU against doesn't even know how to score hands.
X marks the spot!
Skipping class like a BA to go the Indians home opener! :)
Had a great time w/ today. Thanks for the great tips! cc:
We're cooking up some plans for this fall. Are you WSU LIS alum and would like to share your thoughts and stories from library land? DM us!
My life is so damn unstable. . .
Brooklyn day! Voice lesson in park slope sandwiched between time with and
you got "I'll Have Another" 14/1 odds good luck!!
Happy birthday ex-wife. If I didn't care or try and work things out, I wouldn't have remembered.
you spend too much time cryin
Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar located in Normal Heights, San Diego, Ca Wine Bar-Wine Retail-Craft Beer. Most intimate wine bar in San Diego
u fuck wit da beats bro
I really want to type "The Bromantic Piano" into the database...
good thing I'm always online then
Trivia Day 9: What carol demands figgy pudding? DM answer & name & email & b entered 2 win a free haircut w/color service!
do you guys accept Aetna?
whats good? Where are you?
On this day in 1935 Krueger’s Cream Ale and Krueger’s Finest Beer were introduced to the public. Happy Birthday beer can!
The equal and overwhelming parts of Spirit and Truth must dominate the worshipper's mentality. Mentality is revealed through identity!
Them other hoes be wishing that they had that boomerang but they got them frisbees !
said he never seen me around oak ridge but he look me dead in my eyes today lol
lol he's gonna give you shit about it..AND make you do the skit.
“No one is perfect until you fall in love with them.”
crab cakes and coding...
thank you! See you soon!
Time for an ARMS RACE MT : .....I (still) like Fall Out Boy. Come at me, bros.
Loving the simpsons stuff. I see MIB 2 but no one? :o or simpsons movie?
Oh, I know. My wife is a huge fan.
Jeremiah Fisher >
welcome to my life!I would never stop singing.I sing everywhere!(: Idk should I record myself /:
Bouna Coundoul failed to stop a penalty kick against Real Salt Lake Saturday night.
Started classes this week and I'm JUST now finding time to tweet... Hi =)
beta-testing #googlemusic clean interface, but not very googly.
SO MUCH GOING ON. BUT YOU TAKE THE GOOD WITH THE BAD TRUST GOD AND FIGHT THE GOOD FIGHT. SLAP ON A SMILE AND
funny.... #becauseitstrue i miss you sister!
Chillen in bed just trying to go back to bed lol I'm so tired and sore
This looks like the perfect accessory to my #stpatricksday celebration.
seriously, if i hear rolling in the deep one more time i will go
RT : 19% higher risk of non-adherence among patients whose physicians have poor communication
Looks great! For the resizing of columns, could it be made so that we could adjust by percentages instead of pixels?
Don't you just hate it when IMMATURE people you don't even know let alone seen me before make tweets about you? Lol
Bravo Justine!
i have Nintendo game ideas... for everyone. & parents will love to buy them for the family collection! who knows where i can submit? 1312
WE ARE PLAYING LIVE RIGHT NOW!!! Go to www.electrolouis.com to tune in to PROPER Primetime Thursday!!
Great talk by Andy Ellwood from Gowalla at the Magnet Creative Seminar in NYC.
Maybe by then I'll be able to formulate a question better than "how are you so awesome"?
and you got it on video
there is a serving suggestion via picture on packages of bacon. Like anyone ever sees that. Or pays attention to it
Is it impious of me that I know every word of "copperhead road". Thank you Steve Earl.
Amazing GCSE results! Well done year 11 so proud of you x
we were kicking around the soccer ball you got her.Taught her to say goal!!
thank you so much for following us back. hope to be in cali one day maybe we could work together
: passive voice is *grammatically* correct, but is often a problematic stylistic choice (*esp* for sociologists!)
what? This is the best idea ever!
takes some getting used to, but lots of inspiring high quality photos on there and I really dig the layout.
Hi beautiful:) thanks for visiting us:)
I hope it comes back some how ! Why some one takes someones's phone and in Astor room! Did not expect that!!
Matt Kemp has just insane power the other way
What a proud day for you. Congrats!
with premiere league soccer, can't even tell what the team is sometimes
: my B-DAY SATRDY I'LL BE 33 DAM I'm OLD
have a relaxing saturday afternoon. went and saw AC Milan vs Panathinaikos last night...bit drab. Pana should have won. 0-0 AC on PK's
yeah I had to. I'm glad to know you're good :). Hope everything is straight in your end.
my dms are messed up, so i can't look at them. i can send them but i can't look at them after idk whats happening to them ):
I really hope that crazy pizza mogul enters the GOP fray....
i have to go in ten minutes!! Please tweet me??? Love you Ariana!! <U+2665>
NEVER STOP DOING YOUR BEST, JUST BECAUSE SOMEONE DOESN'T GIVE YOU THE CREDIT YOU ARE DESERVING OF......
another Nutcase Right Wing Lie I heard the Whole Video and he did not say that! So give it up Satan!
I hate carots your the one who eats them every day
I dunno I don't want to lose my edge and be remembered as a charity case. Half my friends are in dire straights. Tis the age.
good for you guys, thanks!
#CoreFusion #Barre or #Yoga tomorrow anyone?? See you there for a real good burn!
Good luck to on your last final! You are a college senior now. So proud of you. Can't wait for you to get home.
thank you ; )
Thanks to everyone who got here early for the session! #mggp send us your questions.
I have a feeling the super bowl is going to be an epic disaster
love this post....beautifully done! xx
“: Not texting the person you're used to texting all the time <” IT SUCKS
what game? I'd buy 2 seats to go, group?
Aww I miss you too, you are definitely what inspires me
I've wondered that myself.
If interested, you can call Signature at 414/747-5100 to make arrangements.
Why do I know that Delta Burke was married to Major Dad?
yes but it is so worth it!
Since using the privilege label comes off as a pejorative, why would she bring it up with people she agrees with?
dinner = bacon, fresh coconut water, koala cookies. Win or fail?
From responses so far, conservatives' fascination with Obama's college grades is a proxy for 1) media bias, 2) O's unvetted personal past
Re. #PP and med. options - My daughter has the RIGHT to make these decisions on advice of her Doctor, NOT by Congress!
damn dats cold
WHO GIVES THE BALL TO ASIK WITH GAME ON THE LINE....FOOL
The high point of my life is sleeping.
Happy Tuesday Beautiful People #SexyAndIKnowIt - XavierLT. com
There is a Fire/Hazmat crew outside my office. That's not good.
following :) x
Damn I missed and too much.
Omg omg so burnt. So so burnt.
sometimes i feel we're lost in the closet silence of printed work amid screaming vehicles passing by. somos los que se atreven cantar.
I want souvenirs from all the colleges I can
I love how the dentist tries to have a conversation with you while he's got his hands in your mouth.
true that!!
Good RT : Marylou, Portland OR, US has loaned $3800 to Qatun Llaqta Group, Ayacucho, Peru to purchase trees.
I am in an odd mood. This tweet brought to you by the letter "e" for exhaustion and "s" for stress.
Thanks for the useful information
Please support my boo and his music and check him out on facebook and on twitter
need to meet more wwe fans....
In honor of National Read a Book Day, join me for #CMLbookchat tonight 9/6 at 7pm EST. Tweet you there!
In this world nothing is certain but death and taxes.
Wave of protesters demand apology from president - Taipei Times
im so jealous
Could toy imagine a KU vs Mizzou national championship?
On my way home. Anthony coming over. He on his way. (:
definitely man - thanks!!
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)
I love you to.
you got my vote!
it starts: "somebody said that it couldn't be done, but he with a chuckle replied that maybe it couldn't, but ..."
Auditioning for a part on the Onion Sports Network, then back to studio for more recording
Guess Usher never got over his man love. Guy is asking for butt sex on #SNL .
is a
hope everyone has a great weekend; rest up since next week will be rockin' as we gear up for #IMS12 in NYC on Feb 28-29!
Starting conversations with "I shouldnt be telling u this" always gets them to listen to u.
You better eat and enjoy tons before you can't eat for a few days
Finished in 10th place out of 50 in the WFD IKTS league standings with 1445 pts. Not too shabby :-D!
dear face wash commercials, people dont really splash water in there face. sincerly, my bathrooms fucking soaked.
do you hate mondays? :(
Meeting so many wonderful people downtown Detroit. And filling up their bellies.
thank u sir!!! U see the #Nuggets pull it off? One hell of last 2mins
Dude pumping The Band out of his Civic just brushed his shoulder off at me.
How about three guys no rings I think skip wants prince james to him self but stoll loves tebow
Looking forward to the next Partners In Growth meeting.
American Horror Story just got real....by that I mean excellent.
Glee just showed up our show choirs rendition of edge of glory... #feelinglikeafailure Hahah.
I still wanted ITALY to win. but what can u do...
RT : Accountabiltiy is Magic! I totally agree for Marketing Plans.
SEC is doing awesome so far in the draft. Keep it going
RT : "Sex.com" domain name sold (again). This time: $13 million. Seems low...
Gettin some inspiration from
Accredited degrees and certifications with online education make it a precious program. Grow as an individual in any phase of life
...um, no. and if YOU were dating a member of a breed of hairy, human killers of legend, i would be "strict" on you, TOO! sheesh
never going back to Montreal.
researching #microsofttags to use in an upcoming marketing campaign...
Hey guyz! New co-owner here! Im really excited to help u ICONiacz! :D
Sneak Peek: April's Restaurant reviews in SD Home Garden include PAON, KITCHEN 4140 & JIMMY'S FAMOUS AMERICAN TAVERN @ newstands soon.
We just started using this. Will finish up some 2nd gr projects today at 2:30 Will send links soon.
Don't act like Yao don't live me...SO FOLLOW ME
See how she makes everything about her, Jason? Gosh. :)
some are a day late and a dollar short in this budget debate
Facebook can be very tricky sometimes!
Its all for L.O.V.E. Respect him and leave him alone. God bless you michael jackson. We love you forever
Happy Tuesday Everyone! Don't forget our contest. Follower #1000 gets a free autographed of my Greatest Hits CD!
Repost from My Good Nanny... We never know how hard it is to be a parent, until we become one...
- And you can become a fan our our Facebook page, and spread the word by RTing Tweets and sharing FB posts with your friends!
sorry lol I having been on
this is great!
A man can't ride your back unless it's bent. ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
I'll never buy a #MacBook Air. It just doesn't have enough mass to be used as a weapon. Don't make me pull my Dell E1505 Bitches!
People asks me what inspires me? My response Curiosity and Observations am curious about people & everything I see and observe them intently
I really want to be a graphic designer/ developer now
En route from Columbus OH to Franklin TN for
one dude got some and the other dudes didn't. isn't that what always happens?
I work till 5... Shark tonight?
Austin eats icecream shakes so cute. <3 okay , only him.
I would bring it over but it's storming so yeah... Sry :(
and this is also a great reminder for when the music thing jumps off and lots more people start following you
Hailey Anne's resting & calm but in pain. Thanks for the prayers, thoughts, calls, text, FB, ballons, candy, gift cards, visits, flowers...
Am I missing something, the live stream at #140cuse doesn't seem to be working for me. Is it streaming for everyone else?
The cat is out of the bag! #SylvieAtanasio the <U+2764>& soul of AlysEdwards has left to Rock the House of #CountryFloors! All <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>'s on
Hey you guys should get a vimeo page! would be a good alternate place for all your videos! just a thought!
I've had class with both, they r great ladies. Finding time is the hardest part! I find setting the time and then paying...
A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus
Thanks for the great pictures!! I miss Istanbul and you guys so much!!
Just thought you'd be interested in that even the writers from Pgh and Philly hate other. :) and
Going green and getting a virtual office with Davinci Virtual
are you going tonight?
This fortune cookie didn't have a fortune. What does that mean?
It may be a good week ... Let see if I can knock one out ...solo
Ellen: what is the one thing in life you are most passionate about?
I've been a little bit drunk all day...Where are you!?
what's the word on the Tee's?
Mom: I told that guy not to bring that guy.
#UFCrio bought now for Chad Mendes to win the belt!
I love when you say you love something.
Had a great day today. Finally got my hair done.
Maybe I'd get more work done on my play if I told myself I could only write 140 characters at a time!
FDA looking into sharing Liver Toxicity Knowledge Base data - >2,000 studies
havent been on twitter in a while wats up guys
I need you now and forever.
I wish people would know the definitions to some words before they use them out of contextt....
“: Pool party w all 90's music ????....... As much as I want to, too many ppl would end up pregnant, lol” haha this needs tohappen
We are going to Spitfire near 4th and Bell!
absolutely!!! Maybe I can get a speaking gig over your way!!
working on new home page design and components...should be ready to upload by Monday www.itsartnotstuff...Luv Art! PeaCe
The most stupid mistake in life is to think that someone you trusted who hurt you once will not hurt you again.
thanks Colleen!!
She just F'ed up the National Anthem!!!! How does that happen at the freaking Super Bowl!
I LOVE YOU TOO. But I'm still punching you in the booooobies.
Come on Joe Biden, what's it gonna take to see you flip off John Boehner, at least once, on national TV tonight?
Bite me. RT : I wish people on twitter would be more snarky.
I will get you one day. ": Hall is Daryl and Oates is John."
yeah and you said u didnt want to follow me cause i wouldnt have good tweets...
I hate when people don't come thru
Thank you!!
THEY BACK ON OMG
Don't be too busy with your life to live.
are you going to my first hour today? Theres gonna be like nobody there cause the trip
Come join us w/ grand reopening It's not too late for mini treatments, food & tummy bartenders.
He brought this team back from the grave..
Henny on deck
as am i
since we missed today they need to make up a day for it.
Makin dinner with my babes
just read that Jon Hamm reads Deadspin everyday. My bromace with him now is stronger than yours
Thought 4 2Day: The trappings of the world can trap you in a spiritual prison. Pursue holiness not worldliness!
For injury reports and transactions we get stuff from them, but our analysis pieces are our own.
Not sure I've heard >1: rhymes w/ "interest" RT “: It's pretty amusing hearing all the different ways people pronounce "Pinterest."”
My students make me proud and a better teacher!! “: You're the best! <U+4F60><U+5BF9><U+6211><U+6FC0><U+52B1><U+3002><U+591A><U+8C22><U+3002>=)”
I GOT YOU
So last night...Raffi being Raffi?
my new t-shirt - visited 500 Fifth Avenue and all I got was this lousy coffee stain
Amazing insights from talk by 's talk at 's Forum: "Culture Eats Innovation for Lunch!" Do you agree?
Yeah, with your #Gators, and factor in #MichiganState, #Marquette and #MurrayState, that's the toughest bracket for my money.
i guess they think that to destroy the system they must know the system first...
Yes!:) I work with digtl peeps in politcl field and see so much oppty there-visual, simple, lets the story tell itself.
I've got a question: Why is the median NOT reporting the HZB rocket attacks on Israel?
"Newspapers are for old people" - Sophia
22 And Enoch was dedicated to God for the three hundred years after he fathered Methuselah, continuing to have sons and daughters.
intense battle in my head right now. what do i hate more the smell of curry or hiccups.
Zac Brown Band is good for the soul.
You probably have too much time on your hands then. It's beer-thirty. Relax and have fun bud!
*gigglesnort* sour bananas
neither do our elected officials
agree. It will be a test to see which Tiger finishes
There is one of those cowardly defensive plays in NFL. A cheap shot on the real hero trying to catch the ball!!
Sorry Bulls, no amount of #PointShaving will help you at this point.
thanks for the follow!
"Make healthy things fun and fun things healthy."
the only thing more annoying to cowboy fans than those silly hats, are the stupid things he says.
Get 'The Addiction' on iTunes
just finished enjoying Good Food w on the radio! Who wants Korean BBQ?
the truth is there and has just been hiding in plain sight...now we just need the process 2 make it official. Coming soon..
I now have SPSS v. 20 installed. Let the statistical mayhem begin!
lets just say I have state FCAT testing so its a mix of people by levels and most of the ones in my room are as dumb as rocks
Planning on ricking the house tonight at La Fonda's La Fiesta Lounge! Tell your friends!
ok then, i think you're starting to open your eyes
amount of times someone has asked you how many times a question has been asked?
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but call me maybe
After all this time, I really feel the OS X Lion Address Book has gotten a fair shot here. UNUSABLE.
cool let me know what I'm in.
yeah right.. then he has to fly to Miami! :o
I love my life.
Glad to hear you are coming on the Tour with us!! See you in Sept!
wish we could see the big cuz in Orlando this year. All-Star game doesn't count.
Afterward. For some reason my legs cramp if I wear them while running but feel great when I use them afterward.
Thanks for the #FF, Arabella. Hope you have a great Friday!
Are you an independent group or with an organization. Praise God as you put your core group together. We are praying for you.
Thunder Road is on the road today with !! Heading down south to get a guitar or two! Details to come!
four of these tonight
how've u been??
RE: Bromantic moment...has to be and
S/o my big bro see yu in Miami soon!!
Watching the Lakers-Thunder game; the Thunder are looking really good.
Listening to Thirds Eye View and I bangs with damn near every song on this joint
Good chat today. We might have to start a weekly discussion. Similar to the great #sbchat on Sundays.
we thinks that good itz good dat u write yo own songz.
likewise! Let's schedule another tour!
naw I hit a party my homegirl gave called #TWAKEOVER it's a networking event
Deejanay up in my class
So some girl did her hair just like mine -_____-
Got to see sing tonight :)
heck yeah. you gave me my fix of until i see you guys in a couple weeks!!!! lol <3
The exam essay question: "Our syllabus is organized by kinds of schools (boarding, day, vocational.) How else (1/2)
you can try, but I wouldn't
Can't wait! perfect for #artsmanagement RT : Tonight we’ll be discussing the importance of engagement on social media.
Very quiet for George W. Lots of Obama chants from mall and "hey goodbye!" Aretha was great!
What a night... I am off to meet Chantha. He whom I am not allowed to name in Social Media... meh... he never reads this shit.
Thanks for a fun season! Can't wait until the next one.
Gm tired but off to work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
in do time luv. TAN will once again, jam ur jams!
I thought the #foursquare "hangover" badge was a sxsw badge
Thanks for the follow!
let me know if you want to hit up in Beverly Hills or Century City for a quick workout before our dinner tomorrow!
God has a contract with me, sure, signed, and remembered, that he will not let flood waters destroy all people. Genesis 9:8-17
Newt Gingrich is actually starting to scare me. He doesn't sound Presidential tonight. He sounds like a pissed off dictator.
Man I Tell You.
whoa...leave twitter to go lay outside a couple hours, you come back & the President has made a bigass endorsement & things are blowing up!
i was only kidding...
Is anyone going to the show on Oct. 1st at The Roxy!?!?
please give everyone a break. go back to it Friday if you must-we could all use a distraction. maybe some more mu in the sec?
Waking up with legs is a good enough reason to get motivated!!!
is the best boyfriend any girl could ever have. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
finished with phase I: Vancouver to Des Moines. Phase II: DSM to MKE is next month.
RT : Respect is EARNED, never given. You have to earn your respect from me.
...it is my pleasure! Whatever it is you're dealing w/right now, push through to your rainbow on the other side... :-)
True. Some people just like to whine about their teams I guess. Are you going to the game tomorrow?
congratulations on your new house :)
#EarthHour at the moment. Enjoying this time of peace and quiet!
We're taking odds on Trombone Shorty guesting in Springsteen's horn section tonight. We think this needs to happen.
Now with Ron Paul out of the race, the nation can finally get serious about staying on the exact same path it's currently on.
NO BEER LEFT BEHIND
The BASH is in 2 days! Who's ready?
I love it when you call me big papa(; #choppin'it
good for you! I am down 85 in 10 months. Keep up the good work!
Ppl just want attention, but I'm not giving it.
i thought that said names lmfao
Watchin this movie about coco chanel....she was feisty! Lol
Delta Airlines,
,my niece has had problems at youth too, thanks for helping me not feel alone in this battle. Hold tight to ur values. <3
Love the stuff I find in code sometimes.
I just murdered my workout. Goal weight met! I'm hungry for more though.
My 19 year old student always says that is the YoungMoney of undergroundHiphop. Let's just say I'm happy he know about MMG
I like this choice.
thanks for the flower! (; hahaha
Mel Gibson
maybe in an hr or so.... or more. haha im just not tired
setting muhh alarm:) makin sure I get my presents early:) yeah buddy:) hmu Santa:)
I'm being forced to get up earlier than my body likes, and this morning I went caffeineless. Now I'm really paying for it.
Maitest sounds fun! Its a shame there's no date on the page. When is it?
Sounds like has been reading MEGACATASTROPHES! Fast-spreading viruses are one of the more likely ways the world will end...
Another big OAC game tomorrow vs. Otterbein at home at 3 PM. Let's pack the house
An auto generated daily paper of tweets of people I follow. So that I (or others) can peruse the day's events w/o always being on
Is Kobe the only #Laker tonight?
How about an Android app that reminds you to take a picture of something every day and constructs a time lapse video for you?
Heading back from Boston! Berklee, please accept me.
I can't believe this man
Everybody wants to find a shortcut these days.... Seems like nobody does their due diligence anymore -- LCD ()
Today I saw a guy driving a mini-van with spinning chrome rims. MLINY
amen to that!
Ya better <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Safe flight lovely!
True dat! RT : Sometimes you got to stop thinking so much. if it feels right, it probably is. so just go with it.
I do take special classes.... Not bragging.... My parents fight and my life is pure crap. Bragging? Fml.
I'm having difficulty transitioning from PhD student to graduate. Feels like I'm on sidelines of my own life. Any advice for finding voice?
Are chinstrap penguins the Amish of the Antarctic bird community?
2 winners in $656M US lotto jackpot stay anonymous - CBC.ca
I live in Oakland. And will until they kick me out
O girl
PLAYiN WiT MY SON
that's life. I for one understand. :)
thank you so, so much! :D<U+2665>
Nicholas Tolkien, GG-Grandson of J.R.R. Tolkien, Author of "Lord of the Rings" is guest on my radio show, "Question Reality" 6-26-11 @ 5 PM.
Dinner tonight? A slow roasted fresh ham with a thick fat cap and a #ramp gremolata!
“All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today.” -Indian Proverb
Lot happening today. World History Tournament of Champions.
Rochester NY fans - show your stuff! Time to ROC THE DAY: roctheday.org
RT : I still think that Kofi is better than a Tag Champion
Done with classes for the year
If you want me, show me. If you need me, tell me. If you have me, love me. If I'm worth it, fight for me.
Ditto! And I'm thrilled to find another SMPSer who lives in Sterling
Dear sleep, we need to hang out more. Sincerely, me.
Two more midterms and then #SXSW... I can do it.
is having Korean BBQ in Lynnwood.
Oh but that one night. . .was more than just right.
how much are y'all asking for your house? I am in the market for buying a home
Congrats! Excited to see it.
Welcome new FUEL members from and Direct Supply!
they have banned prom dresses?? :O
I'm just tweeting. Thanks for tweeting back :)
it's kinda sad though haha. How've you been?? I haven't talked to you in a while!!
tank it blazers!
Your Not Better Than Nobody.
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
#stagecoach is so not #coachella! Got our credentials tonight and it took all of 2 minutes. Lots of RVs on the I-10 out to the desert.
Don't trust too much, don't love too much, don't hope too much. Because that too much can hurt you so much.
lol I love this movie
doing it up big G<U+E12F>... I'll have some good storys for you next week... Well have some good bro time!
hahaha oh no, hopefully no old pics of me?! Doing great, besides that incident! haha back in MKE! Howre you?
^.^ atleast youre being a nice creep.
a real grocery would be appreciated...but I really don't mind going there for bread, lunchmeat, essentials.
it's awesome. Hotel is sweet and there r like 1200-1500 kids here.
Warning: They do hurt, you might grow mold in it, and bugs might nest in there
Im so mad at myself. I should've fucking known this.
i consider sharrows the table scraps of bicycle infrastructure.
This game cannot be good for my blood pressure <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I wish it wasn't so hard for me to fall asleep /stay asleep anymore. Anyone have a good remedy?
It's National Pancake Day! Don't forget to hit IHOP for your free pancakes before we take all the syrup.
I got the video I needed and my information was, unfortunately, spot on. Thank you to everyone for your timely assistance!
Some fan at the golf tournament just got nailed on the top of the head!!!! My life is complete
lets go heat
was her arrest on fi?
So I am chauffeuring around again today .. But excited we are going to Schaumburg IL - can you say shopping!!!
jst saw great fight on street. really big women w/ half blond half red hair throwing her McDonalds food @ her bf 4 talking 2 another women
Didn't expect rain today. Waking up to it hammering on my roof gives me an intense desire to be out dancing in it in my jammies!
hey cameo how r you????
well if u do that it would be great :)
thank you for messaging me and following me.
I'm back twitter...let's get money or die trying
RT : just requested 's #GETTINEM to the Obie&lil Shawn show in Orlando fl now moving on to MI <~ YES
Bouta go get a workout in and ball a lil
i had a dream last night that i got boob implants, and i have to admit it felt good lookin down and actually having BOOBS! LOL
in the grand tradition of evolution I think it's important to ask ourselves: "what's better than capitalism".
Can't wait for next week.
can i just love you yet? asdfghjkl lettme marry you<3
Did an old man just walk out of here with an accordion?
um watched part of the #bachelor tonight. I can't believe this is the upteenth season of this shite. I want my 17 minutes back.
Swag swag on Lou. Chillin by the fire, Niall's eating fondue. Harry knows bout me, Liam knows bout you. Say hello to DJ Malik in…123flick
#Avengers what a great movie
Birmingham new street does not compare well with schiphol - both underground similar size but schiphol pleasant not a zoo!!
Frattoys took over Panama City Beach this week!
Wish I was in DC this week - hope things are going well at my favorite food truck!
I wonder if will go on a date with me?
Lol u know its true ..so does everyone else RT lOl
Lol even though someone pointed out there hasn't been one black person on the show #girls I still fucks with it. Its excellent.
I wonder if any of my followers want a follow back..
Just because you know my name doesn't mean you know my game
"Educational change is not constrained by lack of technology but a lack of sociological imagination" D Rhoten
u are the ugliest rat i've seen in my life! yuck. i feel bad for who ever lives with u
Hell no. You can't walk up into a restaurant after four lookin' for a job. That's when they be gettin' busy
I done cut and burned myself today....
I'm gearing up to do more biz tip videos. They should be good to go in a week or so.
I heard so much about them but haven't given a listen yet. I'll probably listen today while Austin wandering.
Pina Colada + BBQ = Its going down
and none of that is a good look #Romney obviously has no concern for those who are struggling right now
Pollan's food rules: Avoid products containing ingredients a third-grader can't pronounce, or cereals that change the color of the milk.
Storm just shut the Internet down. No school for me. :)
I hate justin w/e his last name is but i just wanna see taylor get punked :3
Attending a Passover Seder this evening. I'll do my best to keep the "I don't roll on Shabbas!" to a minimum.
On a policy call with Great org!
yea you have him as a friend to:D
going to a store & they don't have your size in anything you want
I might as well give Apple my bank account
We are so excited to have you on the Summit Faculty in May!
saw your doppelganger at the grocery today. Gonna need a clean-up in aisle 3
get ried of toughness - easy. long slow braising - gaminess? go for a younger kid.
thanks for everything today. Great afternoon! Ryan ur patience is off the charts.
Thank you, Mr. Nashville Now! Another timely score by Brandan Wright...
It's so sweaty in the house! Going grocery shopping, then doing 's hair. :)
It's not what you say it's how you say it
I have been lucky enough to see Chihuly installations in Phoenix & Pittsburgh can't wait to see more.
yo. Did everyone just stop hooping or did I just stop getting called??
Home. Safe. Sound........Thinking about you more than you know.
i feel great.
Whenever I watch the Clippers I root for them to lose.
And both are the most oddly named politicians since Millard Fillmore.
coulda sworn you were a cubs fan?
Focus trumps multitasking.
Screw you Western Civilization.
Thanks for the follow!
I love them All, but come on, even my dad loves you!!! Lol. He's 79. :) goodnight
Ugh why is it soo packed, it took me 15min tryna find a parking spot
The #seasonpremiere of ABC's #TheBachelorette starts tonight! "RT" if you will be tuning in.
i like a sleeve on a woman bright and full of color something that suits the client
Never let yesterday use up too much of today.
We're pissed at all the way from WA. Nothing like an oblivious dictatorship to save a few bucks, huh?
totally on josh beckett's side, don't let your hate for the sox blind you
-What security concerns? He's probably safer there than anywhere in the US.
First of all, NEVER STOP DOING WHAT YOU LOVE NO MATTER WHO SAYS!!! Second of all, you did great!!!
OMG CTHU u freakin fool. Shoot, idk guess I need to work on it. LOL
on pace for over 200.
Enjoy the 311 show tonight. Take some good pics. Wish I could be there!
Not just you. It's top selling merchandise in MLB. Obv. has some to do with being new but it's still tops 6 months later.
why am i such an emotional person?
Omg exactly! They go just for the drugs and naked people. What a great way to spend a rave -_-
A lot of you have asked me, "Are there actually a lot of people asking you these inane questions?" Seems you just answered your own question
Charging for parking at the zoo could back up traffic on the 5, zoo director says. Also, the zoo lacks the infrastructure to charge.
Love love love you Nippy FOREVER...The greatest voice and vocal arranger, ever. Rest In Peace. Whitney "The Voice" Houston.
i don't know how i feel about oranges
#Life Of Da Party
im just smdh. i think she is nuts.
Have fun at prom lovely! Cant wait to see pictures!!!:)
I hope it thunderstorms today. :))
If I brush him just right, he plays the organ. Finesse the fur purrfectly, he works the pedals.
Jus got done with a good workout watching the game
who r they blondie?
Thank u :)
Ah ok got chu
haha. So how was your day?(:
My mom is so over dramatic with her cards lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><U+2764>
RT-- Please Note: Politicizing 9/11 is terrible. But using it as a premise to invade the wrong country is cool. — via web
#2thingsiknow we need to help those who can't help themselves and not enough people are doing it
Good Thursday morning, Twitterverse. Happy Friday Eve and Happy Draft Day!
#worldnews A West End performance of The Wizard of Oz had to be cancelled on Thursday night after a technical problems with the stage.
I'm getting sleepy
that's pretty descriptive. & it's not really a talent when you're okay at it.
harlem globe trotters at seminole high bitches (:
hey this is i wrote parallel last year. we are shooting this week here in ny.
i hate being angry at people because its always my own fault
We dont need these stupid shots!
Ready be a good ass night
RT : Today's downloads are from US, UK, Australia, Singapore, Mexico, Kuwait & Philippines...totally rocks!
When you're heart turns cold, it causes your soul to freeze. It spreads throughout your spirit like a ruthless feeling disease.
Camille, how are you and your family and your novel?
First day of lent. I'm giving up...VEGETABLES! (Sound of a record scratching).
im protecting youif anything he dsnt care srsly h
Sunday Funday or what?! :-D
Head hurts :/
the flashing light in your yard scared the shit out of me
great working with you last night!
Anyone else in Chi notice their AT&T reception being extra...let me put this nicely..."not good" lately?
More sessions should incorporate music - Gen X session is hilarious and almost a support session
and I'm back here and you're all there. I hope to see you again soon!
dont be doin that you gone get me in trouble!!! get out the way move just move.... SHIT!!!"in my dae dae voice"
Good babe. Then i'll start saying it more often :)
Let's add Montreal to that list too.
So, does this mean I get to go home now?
“: I had no idea the Pulitzer Committee established a "Best Slideshow" category” oops I read that as "sideshow". Nevermind.
The degree to which you elevate in life depends on the degree to which you receive correction, seek wisdom and take action.
Good morning, Jane. What's your question? I have 1/2 an hour before I get ready & leave for work.
tweet #smwchic wall of shame collects fashion illustrations collects design/art books
I remember when I was younger and everyone used to asked each other what they are mixed with like it was odd if you weren't....
Logan Thomas- making up for last weeks lack of incompletions.
Are you still spending huge dollars on SEO. Well, my advice is you need to redirect your energy into a more comprehensive Internet strategey
We don't need people to believe in us. We believe in us. We can and will succeed.
lol why's that?
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
I've never had that one. Love to try it. Let my know when you have it.
TEI Boilerplate looks terrific. Looking forward to trying it out.
my body actually gets excited about imperfect action, like making spontaneous videos LOL
You can't buy love on eBay. ~ Anonymous
thanks for the follow! Let us know if you or your friends have any catering or boxed lunch needs!
how old are you? Lol I'm 11 and I'm 5'3
Getting Ready!! RT : What up
I'm still trying to understand Pinterest and its ultimate growth potential.
RT : This would be so big if Denver won this game
Made it home after a long night of work.
nice! you seem to be the more representative MCDS student. Also, I want to make a "guy" joke about whose media is bigger.
I need a hug :(
Seems like Chief Keef should have more than 557 Twitter followers.
Are you, by chance, going to THATCamp CHNM in June?
I am but not for like a month.
IU doing some rockish stuff = HOT!
Hey everyone tweet us images of your stickers. We want see a collage of stickers and we will retweet them!!
Best book Eva!! Ten mile river by Paul griffin must read book
Who have u enjoyed working with the most
Approach influence as if it were a problem to solve.
Haha, I'm glad you liked the skunk piece. I've been trying to enact it myself, but it's challenging when playing classical :p
you are cool :)
I'll be Tom Servo.
Woke up Scared cause my nose started bleeding
how many pairs of cowboy boots does Paul own?
Well OBVI he doesn't know how to take such r.a.w. talent HUGS to the 2/3 of you I know ;)
This situation can only be described as an Angolan rap circle-jerk.
Want 25% off your lunch tab? Just ask for it Offer available - Wednesday, Thursday, Friday 11:30am-4pm
If I ever get the chance..... smh
Hoes Are Cuffed . Good Girls Are Single . The Good Ones Die Young . The Ungrateful Ones Have Everything
you seem to forget; I'm not so easily fooled as your usual lady company.
yes yes yes!!(: that would be awesome!!
is coming back to Oregon! Hell YES!
I love Spongebob-Squarepants!! My all time favorite show!
Spa Willamina offering 2.5 hour August special for only $150. Includes cool stone therapy and deep cleaning facial: 503-287-2787
Spring Fling is almost here at Darkside Shields. Starting Monday to Sunday $50 off any Windshield Kit with this coupon: spring50ds2011.
haha! Oh, get ready.
A 5K = 6,600 steps. If you took a step for everyone living with HIV in Indiana, you'd have to walk the AIDS Walk route nearly two times.
I need to know to not fall in love unless i know for sure it's real
don't disagree. Hockey is "serious" to Canadians & NE US just like say NFL ,therefore, no fun allowed...
RT Good to hear! RT : Enjoying the Memory Course. Great way to spend a cold Saturday.
well, the stage is set for a match. I'll find a 4th.
My #BlackBerry won't turn on...or off. It's frozen in limbo. How fun for me.
Chloe was awesome last night...sad to see the show end as well.
girls! I'm in Davis this weekend- come up tomorrow for the whole earth festival and to hang!!
I'm happy about Chase but disappointed with Goff.Out all year then he wants to jump ship : (
Damm its hard to get him mad, he has no social networks lol
#foodlabsummitdr CRS reports that in the south 1500ha of coffee land lost every year due to food insecurity and low return on production.
thanks! I will
Paradise by Coldplay...wow, what an absolutely devastating, breathtaking song. Seems they're really coming into their own.
waiting on my roommate... Be there soon.
Seven more days of school.
When I don't hear from friends for days I start worrying that they choked on ranch-flavored bugles or Tom's Hot Fries.
Today I'm another year older. So much has changed in my life since last year! I am so blessed & excited. This will be the best year ever!
There are some Android apps for Mendeley on Google Play. Have you tried them?
Two kitties sitting on the foot of my bed licking their toes.
why does school have to be sumtimes so boring
You probably wont see this but if you do I just want to say you are my inspiration! #0days #BOYFRIENDvideo leggo! <33 love you
trying to add LinkedIn account, click on LI Add button and nothing happens. Using desktop version 2.0
just kidding. I feel for you. Had similar experience (not as bad) on 275 Tuesday.
I miss you.... We need to fix this
Seriously, if Dalglish doesn't get fired, the Liverpool board are idiots. Been there b4 with King Kevin (and Kenny).
LOL Nice. I'll give Weeded some cool spots in CTown where the blue hairs hang out at :D
thank you very much!! I really appreciate that!
that sounds amazing! will a Doobie cover be finding its way onto it? I've made "Cindy" a staple of all my mixtapes. thank you!
i love how everyone is acting like there's only 3 people on this stage
Congrats on the audition! :)
No?! Guys,i go to Paris ! Tonight ! My parents make me a surprise ! Rt
Has anyone found a way to get BB DM to sync with Outlook 2010? The real version, not the beta 2010.
Let the stress begin.
"omg it's going to be 11/11/11 this year! That will never happen again." Well genius Neither will 8/16/11 or 8/17/11 or any other day.
I think can eat a dick I'm happy to be a black dude. I just try to conduct myself in a different way than society portrays us
Your campaign slogan made me laugh, very creative.
lol ok that's a deal I will just inbox the shit outta u and tweet the fuck out of u
I can't wait for the fourth of July and the fair!
Now if can buy a 30 that would be great! He deserved it TWO weeks in a row now! This is why I only vote for him!
Soon these videos will be done
goodnight & sweet dreams and plz follow me follows me
Whole "heap." LOL
After talking some smack backed it up and won the autograph
Miley smokes weed
woot bouncing again for the third night in a row
Hate you. Love you, but hate you. And Cheers.
big day, you. Sending you great vibes and pride!
if you squint your eyes and shake your head reall fast and put on a tori amos song, then I can see, but i have to tak my glasse
ohh I thought u did. Well homie u jus gotta pull the toys out
yeah I Amm !!!!! Don't worry I gotchuuuuuuiuuuui
thanks Berni :) What did you think?
So glad to clock out and stop talking in my waiter voice. After 8 hours of serving drinks, I'm ready to enjoy some!
thanks for following!
I would love to meet u. You are so handsome and talented!
Strong. Determined.
I sent it to your yahoo address -
A Facebook like, because it communicates the like to one's friends.
#NP Chrisette Michele ~ Like A Dream !!
the people that said, "don't mix friends with business" never had true friends..!!
I wonder what's for breakfast
Shut the fuck up
Reading SEO for Dummies to get an understanding of SEO & the value of an SEO co-worker. My job is to connect the dots.
It's Friday so you should definitely Dust-that-dirt-off-yo-shoulda!
Home for the weekend. Time to catch up on my sleep, see my lady and my friends, and let my bug bites heal a bit.
I'm going to make my future be the way I want it.
the '08 darkness vs the '08 dark lord side by side tasting..begins..now!
Because ur mine...I walk the line....#love me some
hey melissa please accept my apology please :'(
you "love" your boyfriend, yes we get it, you dont have to tweet about him every damn time you tweet something. consider urself unfollowed.
#Today is Cuando
#cnbcdebate what's he say?
already done
- Wait on ME<U+2665> !!! oooweeeeee ;P
I said "People your age" to my younger brother today and immediately had a realization of how damn old I'm getting.
Hope everyone marching in halftime shows tonight has a great show - remember to HYDRATE before you head out there!
lmao there's a lot of WRONG things with it :/ I just been calm .
Which is worst on tv tonight? "Slavery by another name" or speculations on WH's passing?
MEET from 's #DRAGRACe, host of our 10/22 FASHION/ART Xravaganza! www.ambushevents.com
Kmart changing brand image?
come on how u go from spittin fire to romanin moscow&stupid hoe? Dat shows some1 wrote 4 her u get better as an artist not worse
Believe me, so do I. I'm with ya. Let's both hope I am wrong
You are kind!!! lol!
Love that feeling of actually having money >>>
Fujinians are people too!!!
Mitt's in bed with the Koch brothers, Paul Ryan and Scott Walker. I believe that makes him a gay polygamist.
I told you not to come in my room naked it's gone get you in trouble ;)
Lex Legends - great community partners - wrap up the season with a 4 game series against ROM starting tonight. See you at the ballpark!
it was our pleasure. Happy to have such great customers as
yes! im tired now night
The only thing wrong with the Chicago Bears is their raving fans. The team plays and the fans always come back regardless of the results!.
Just got off the phone with He told me to tweet about it so here:P and sorry girls, I just know Anson fell in love with me;)
only 5bucks! and if you're a pisces its FREE
just checked-in online for my conference trip tomorrow. Nice to know that I got all windows seats :-D
Just got home eating a sandwhich :P
Love today! I almost couldn't ask 4 a more happy, beautiful, relaxing amazing day! If any preview to the coming yr then I'm totally stoked.
Thinking about films with birds falling from the sky today and what it means. # BirdsFallingFromSky
No..I dont either. Waay better looking guys out there.
RT : : life is so much better in my dreams
Bismark, ND! Tomorrow. Let's see all of you at the show! See details on our Myspace at www.myspace.com/dontmissoutmusic !
I would be so excited if I could get a RT from !
Can I have a shoutie? ILY so much, ur my idol. Can you follow me, Boobiana?(:
The good news? At least I don't have to live anywhere near Buffalo. Just like their fans.
Cant trust anyone these days they always come and backstabb yu once in a while.
maybe you used it to buy a SENCHA doggie! :)
Hey, i Just Met You and this is crazy my name's Binladen i'll bomb your navy!!!!
Let's do this tomorrow Anteaters!! #Rollonyoubears!!
Put you on game bitch take a seat
who do I speak to with regard to making a complaint please....an actual person or an email address.
hey ramiro will you help me plan the best bachelor party for my best friend
Because I'm so stupid.
Hey Jake. Absolutely! I'll email my number to the your gmail.
did you hear there is a kinda popular football game on tv right now? :)
they can be anything.
Love those days...Check out our first San Diego Dishcrawl, have some mouth watering treats.
Off to this ensemble...What was I thinking..a 9AM ensemble....-_- then to the worst class GLOBAL PERSPECTIVES.....
hahahaha you're a fucking joke.
Yu cnt trust a bitch to the point if yu have a kid by her yu gotta get a DNA test on it
you're like, a year late to that party....
Slugs have four noses.
This weekend has go to he'll and it hasn't even started
I can't even fathom the drugs that you are on right now. ": Lebron is Jordan and Magic rolled into one."
tells apologies to President John F Kennedy and all the AU language professors Ich bin ein WONK
I can't even imagine how proud you must be of Austin<3
Evolution preceded revolution - Rochester Democrat and Chronicle
Just racked my latest batch of beer. Home brewing is fun. Cleaning up isn't.
xD Have a great day :] xx
I feel that I want to move again too
The best speaker I can get for the is some diplomat guy from Korea whose name I can't say. I have pissed off everyone else...
" You Never really Lose until You quit trying" --Mike Ditka..... Never, Never, Never, Never, Never...Ever Quit!!!
Happy Monday everyone! Lets startour week ful of energy and good vibes! start your every day with a morning work out.
Lots of chicken noodle today, with orange juice, water, and documentaries on Netflix. Also, Horrible Bosses again.
awww...thank you so much. We believe are all attendting. will be in KS & MO
#FF the fabulous in Virginia. Welcome to twitter!
pats took him. Upshaw is still on the board
JUST WATCHED U SINGING GRENADE COVER UR AMAZING LIVE LIFE !!!
Siga-me! :D
Back to work :-/
Self-praise is for losers. Be a winner. Stand for something. Always have class, and be humble.
posting pregnant photos of yourself is not cute at all.
Good vibes at #WholeFoods in
Boston loves the show!! Inspirational to younger entrepreneurs in the world. Check out this kid!!
perhaps he misremembered?
By the time the ink dried on the first printing of "Dodging Charging Rhinos for Dummies" it was far too late.
i missed it :(
Glad you liked it. RT : Im a fan of Touchstone Gallery- there MiniSolos exhibit was insightful for a budding artist as myself.
": did you just have a birthday in April I missed?! Omg" lol no girl my bday in jan!
Cleaning a house when you have children is like shoveling snow in a snow storm. Can someone remind me why I keep shoveling?
#Str8LykeDes.... I'm the reason for everything...
I remember the stupid ass home videos I made when I was bored when I was between 10-12. I still have them, but haven't seen them in years!
sounds like him. He might be there fir a while
I think the majority of CATS fans know what they have to do today, some people are just idiots. I know I'm nervous as hell.
Yay I was able to sleep awhile on the train! Now we are literally stopped in the middle of the desert, lol
I am gonna go to the Cowboys stadium tomorrow and were gunna take a tour there and we are gonna be able to play on it
Happy 1st Anniversary Deirdre... Without you I only exist, but together we live, laugh, and love!!
im passionate about Jesus
+70 degrees in Mpls in March is unheard of, but hey, no complaints out of me.
Scientist need to find a way to grow junk food, Willie Wonka did it and he was clinically insane.
the streets are salted people. move your asses
Show your comic conn card to mark and receive a free appetizer during lunch.
My fantasy baseball team knows that all too well.
1970, Pink Floyd released their fourth album Atom Heart Mother which went on to top the UK charts.
The world is looking at us and our house is jacked up!
I'm on it. Research beginning...now.
Manage me, I'm a mess.
oh & - this calls for a party. Send us a bunch of your favorite quotes, and we'll tweet them!
Doing a retrofit on your shiny new Flash-based site after it is built won’t cut it
Hey brosef, when can and I meet ya for lunch someday?
#20ThingsAboutMe i am the biggest procrastinator.
Thoughts on Teddy Ginn? Gotta be better than Sherels returning the ball, but doesn't do it for me as a deep threat.
heading to Chicago tonight
You guys rule, keep being awesome!
Omg yes. I got to like 40 meters. i am the qwop boss.
Enjoyed family dedication class tonight!
Hi there SWAGtyler
Lebron James MVP this season well deserved lets see if he can win it all this year
We had a great time, too. broke it down for us. Thanks for coming down and being a part of it.
Just cause you have a real job doesn't mean you gotta hate on us...
ZG our ace in my opinion. 20+ for sure
I hate when the teacher is talking to the whole class but decides to stare directly at me.
You will probably gain an entirely new follower base.
Best ride home EVER! I now love full moons.
Are you here? Great to see your tweet!
Too bad Stipe spent the money on that plane ticket that went unused.
I think the Directors win for smoothest transition to automation - no other station seems to have had it go as well. Nice work!
Haha of course you did! Love doing that. Good for you!
Post pictures here of L.A.'s best Olympic sites and you could win #Olympic gear! Just under 100 days to !!!
fancy side of town
come out for some good drinks and good music tonight!
Sarah Brown whoo hoo!!!!!! Go Sarah! We are proud of you.
happy birthday i hope you have a good birthday :-)
What is your ideal vacation?Relaxing on the beach, backpacking through the mountains, or quiet time at home! You name it!...
I love all my #Twitterfriends, #Tweethearts, and #Tweeps! Have a fabulous fall Saturday!
Scratch reading modulates the way we read - parallel to the DJ scratch + spin, which changed the way we listen to music. -Saper
I know it's not fair at all doiajfoiewj
DML conference has begun. John Seeley Brown says "the half life of a skill is about 5 years."
Gonna change. Then go outside and run..then shower. Then do homework. Then eat. then tweet. Then sleep! <3
and dats juss how i feel
My txts mess up every time my fone dies
can't wait to see the #Steelers beat them in the playoffs (again) this year!
"A Time To Kill" was his best. Really enjoy "Playing for Pizza" for going outside the cookie cutter.
Ugh, fake candidates on primary ballots.
Looking forward to checking out the Clark Montessori home opener of their new gym tomorrow night as they take on the Madeira Mustangs!
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards? ...Australia's got some strange laws
Looking forward to 's belated Cinco de Mayo party on the rooftop this afternoon - with margs, mexican food and fun coworkers!
I hate when a girl walks by me and her perfume smells like fruity pebbles.
Ah, the radio selection in Portland is fantastic!
AWESOME!!! Congrats.
You have the power to define the future. Subtle changes can make a lasting impact; especially when you begin today.
It’s like saying you play for the Lakers, just because you bought their jersey.
I'LL BE ROCKING ON MY BED ROCK ROCKING ON MY BED I BE SWIRLING ON YOUR BED SWIRLIN SWIRLING ON YOUR BED LOL
Several local cities have BID programs. Vince, can we generalize from the findings from your study?
The HRC is back to normal hours for Spring 2012 semester. Yes, we're open until 10pm tonight. :-)
penis juice
At 1st I thought you said a pic you'd taken of Parson Weems. Reminds me of the adamant visitor who wanted a photo of Jefferson.
Sick f1 racing. .
maybe & maybe not. I like both fighters, so my opinion isn't tainted... My opinion is just that, my opinion. Take it ez <U+E00E>
Don't wanna break your heart. Wanna give your heart a break! <33
CARRYING YOUR CROSS IS..."When you don't want to do what you can't choose NOT to do!" Pastor Chris Harris
Tickets for Pop vs Not this Sunday May 16th on sale! $12 at The Chance contact us for tickets
No matter how many pens and pencils I buy, they will always mysteriously go missing.
Ready 2 #promote your #music on #Facebook & go #viral? Bring ur #portfolio 2 Shastic.com & attract new #fans #venues & #events Check it out!
Living it up at #SHEAR. Presentation done. Looking forward to dinner with fellow grads.
How do you not know you were pregnant!?!?
sounds fun ! didn't know you liked little humans ;)
Looking like a million buck$
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!!!!!
video-taping conferences and conventions, products and services, and sales.
Dropped off mom at the airport...FREEDOOOMMM
"Fish are friends, not food."
Yuck-Yuck! :P
Round 2: Oh the office? Gimme your Egyptian cloth Kleenex and some Ramen.
We'll be watching #equalvoicenews “: You won’t want to miss tonight’s #SOTU at 9pm ET.”
If you are seeking any assistance in any legal or healthcare matter, this is place to be!
You fall in love with the most unexpected person at the most unexpected timee.
Live Soccer Wednesday at 11:45am (Tottenham VS. Young Boys)
who said I had an obsession?
anyone in orlando florida
Almost time to get a Volcano Roll.
Rodrigo Lopez starting to get warmed up for the Cubs. Might take a while. It's only 40 degrees.
you have lost your damn mind!
Eat the same healthy foods daily. People who minimize meal choices lose more weight.
currently reading Stranded:Rock and Roll for a Deserted Island. 20 writers, 20 essays, on 20 deserted island albums. What are you reading?
Going on hour five of jackhammering at Paley and it is threatening to drive me fully batshit.
Winding my day down, it's been such a dramatic day! lol Only in the Salon! New movie premiers causes serious shop talk/gossip lol
Wish I was at the Bank to cheer on my NL mistress, #Phillies. Though I seem to have a better view of J. Sanchez's pretty eyelashes on Fox.
Looks like my blazers should go pick up my guy before its to late. He would fill in just right for B Roy.
the #caps assigned to !!!!
#DrJafari great discussion on how you've aided in narrowing the #digitaldivide!
just sitting
straight up... is standing in the refused ticket line and he's the opening act. told me even he couldn't get on the list.
Whatz up ghosts? Why is this place so hunted hell i am not scared, eat your heart out Zac from GA..LOL...:-) :-) :-)
Category 10-c winner is Resolute Consulting
Responded to FIRE @ 84-18 Rockaway Beach Blvd, Queens, NY 11693. Red Cross auto update.
Had fun in Tennessee, Now back to work. I ate alot hope I don't look to fat on camera!! Lmao!
I don't always stop at truck stops, but when I do, I choose LOVE'S truck stops.
heat lost.
Only a fool has a pool and keeps it full. Only the enemy don't drain his pool.
Time to pass out ! I love living in Vegas!!
do you know your MBTI type?
the boys, are our better halfs.
I miss yo crazy ass...
Somebody gonna get pregnant.
I wish I can change alot of things
Will do! I can always use more too. :)
A quick nap and now I'm ready to go at 101.9 The Mix!
My 3-yr old: "Daddy, I just bless-youed all over my book. Will you wipe it off?". Good morning to you, too!
You think? ... RT : Peyton Manning might be replacing Tebow as starting QB for the Broncs.
Uh oh. Why would EA release the Mass Effect 3 demo when they know damn well that I have important things I should be doing?
Jeremy and other Knicks, don't let the opponents knock the ball out of your hands, but opponents also sometimes make turnovers.
I've seen a rapper not known step inside a spot thinkin he known... lmfao..
That Morning <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> is Crucial
Wen a kid in englis says grasshopper starts wih and R -_-
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 4
Kyle Seager! Swing just looks so consistent.
"He flattered himself on being a man without any prejudices: this pretension itself is a very great prejudice"
gucci rush or chanel mademoiselle
Trivia at Ye Rustic Inn. Team name: Owls of Ga'Hoole. We aren't winning.
You know you're in the country when...a wild turkey casually walks across your driveway.
“: watching a couple of guys in the 2:50 game that could be huge difference makers for us the next 4 years!”
congrats ! i will light a candle for you!
when you ask someone if they can hang out and they say idk >>>
What I want is a big ass bacon burger!!!!!
listening to Beiber on the way to a sex shoppe? Goodbye sexy mood...
Hey just a random question, How many days was it til u got ur Bracelet?
Aye thats fine with me!
RT : "Success is how high you bounce after you hit bottom." George Patton*
Vernon's new wine Tastings & Tapas featuring the highly rated Eric Solomon Wines - starts this Friday, April 27 from 5-7 pm!
I'll have to stay in bed all day to achieve wisdom
This boy is sliding his feet while he's walking he does this everyday!! O_O I hate that noise
Still made me feel good that my husband told me we don't need 2 find good Mex restaurant here as long as he has me around. :))
Yes, they are
Oh yeah?
Thanks to everyone who came out for our #FirstNightpgh shows!
Be honorable yourself if you wish to associate with honorable people. - Proverb
it was suggested to me by a friend to start w/3-4 quotes, and then tell yourself they need some friends to keep them company
This country needs more overpriced music festivals that I won't be attending.
A writers obligation is to give voice to those without words.
Seattle Public Schools arranged for 14,500 children to hear the Dalai Lama speak Monday. Imagine if they had arranged to hear Billy Graham.
Selected interior paint colors for new home owners. They are excited about the refreshing change!
RT : Nervous, excited, scared all at the same time. Must be game day.
Hope you enjoyed it!
Mojito bar for the HEAT GAME with
RT : is an important national funder of nonprofit leadership development. Learn more...
A great skill to have! And endless fodder for your writing.
NYC is crawling with douche bags sporting sombrero's. Stay inside.
I didn't really like it tbh
I've only been once, but I was very impressed. What do you usually order there?
(I totally filed that one, BTW)
who wrote that "might be a long climb back" note? Awful. Whoever it is, Keep him away from the bridge.
You make me want to kick dogs, your just such a bitch
Frankly, my dear, I couldn't. I simply acknowledged my defeat, smoothed my skirt, and sauntered on.
I don't wanna get my panties in a bunch so I just won't wear any.
I have met more quality people in 24 hours at #MashCon than i did in a week at
Uhh i hate when at night someone is fucking snoring-___-
Eli Capiluto doesn't "get it".
": Doing drugs is cool. #ilovedrugs"
just got on my ass a few mins ago
Rt #urabasicbitch if you’re not bumping ‘s music! www.LadyDuet.com
I am HUNGRY!!! Like most of the time :D
Yippee! RT : On my way to Cape Coral - I am becoming an uncle today! Can't wait to meet my niece, Eva xoxo
Long overdue in placing the names with the faces this Saturday in Toronto. Look forward to connecting guys!
worse shirt ever.
why am i still contemplating a nipple piercing lol
Been sick with this flu 4 times 6 weeks. Getting ready for my second real workout :-)
and I do think the ref gave away a few ?able yellows early in what turned into a physical game, to our disadvantage
Look for me on the odot cams haha
I've learned getting lost in a foreign country with a friend can be the most memorable experience of a trip.
I miss you! <3
yes!!! Its so neat and spiffy;
Hopefully it's nothing serious for Collin and he just wanted some TV time for his gorgeous legs.
Hey ladies remember this: Ryan Braun STILL HAS HERPES
Since 1972, four of Seattle's mayors have gone missing at Discovery Park. Theories on what's happening to them today at noon.
Wen u are bitter abt some1, search ur memory 2 find gud moments u spent wit that person. People aren't always bad,they r often misunderstood
OMG I LUV U PEACE I LUV U GA
I didn't even finish my chai...haha. Good times. Now off to the schmooze fest.
": got my iphone back , got my ipad tooken . FML!">lawrdd , yu need to let me borrow ya ipad !!!
RT : Everybody agrees house #3 is a psychological death trap.
hi, i'm awkward.
Karaoke MVP presents karaoke and spoken word open mic at iLounge tonight starting at 8PM. 1287 D Glenwood Ave. Be there or we will find you!
welcome your really sweet:) it's dontstopbelieb_
Hahaha thanks man, fun playing with you too
Inspiring conversation with today.Great holistic view of the IoT's and its challenges
Well at my hotel in the stale cold freezing east coast! Did I mention how frozen it is outside? Love my room though;)
heading to Swagat for lunch, so stoked! if you haven't been there you should try it, fucking DELICIOUS
il tweet it
This Ho asked me was this my "man bag" im like this my "work bag" she "like wat do u do?" Im like not enough, but i see u extra lol
I wonder if Hennessey will drop Manny Pacquaio from their latest campaign in light of his remarks.
you started it
I just saw two fat turkeys eating a deer carcass on the side of the road...I could see the damn things ribcage. WHERE THE F*@# AM I!!!!!
#fridayreads Interrupting Chicken, David Ezra Stein, a Caldecott Honor book this year
Indeed. Just mention me when you've got it um, hashed out.
Just watched the Rock & Roll HOF induction ceremony from Cleveland's Public Hall--same venue as my HS graduation ceremony. Cleveland rocks!
Anyone on Vashon want to lend me a floating device today? Kayak? Canoe? Row boat? Worth a shot. :) Husband is aching to go boating.
orange for life!:D
I wanna join you! But I will NOT be nice when John Travolta is on the screen..
i've really let myself go.
im ready get at me ill pull up
#Linsanity back for game 5 in South Beach?
Got my tragus pierced today.... Finally. C:
why do black men like whataburger so much??
Heey payne i got tickets for your concert this morning Woo ! see you there bud
i hope you like cannibal corpse bc theyre all over the make out playlist
you are special! you were one of my first new friends during this whole journey of writing this series!
im getting nervous please pick me
Always so rewarding to volunteer! Enjoyed walking with seniors of #HaberHouse on Coney Island boardwalk. Thank you #NYCares for a great day!
you choose me over ice cream! Now I'm sad (; jkjk lol
I can't lie no more, I can't hide no more, Got to be true to myself
We're not doing anything in gym ugh let me leave
No sex bitchh i only want the neck bitch
"The last taping of Oprah and the end of the world in the same week...Coincidence?" omg I <3 the soup!
Awww thank you! :)
Don't think Pitbull has a chance against Mayweather tonight but you never know.
Hey #Belltown, looking for a chill place to have a cocktail? We've got you covered... Stop on in.
and we talked for the rest of the block not even focusing on biology
Late night games at sports and wellness
For that paper all the wrong things sound right
Appreciate the new follows!
Being misunderstood<
You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly. by Sam Keen
had another Pierpont moment today. We should probably do something about this, it's starting to get creepy.
Fancy Feast commercial was blatant pandering to us
You probably think you know where this going, but this ain't one of them kind of songs.
You guys got the strength, you can do anything if you set your mind to it. It may seem difficult, but if you push hard enough
big turnout for #NSMN event on State of Sports in Chicago
Great deal! I always love 2 sharks for one.
#youresowhite you enjoy meatless meals.
We can give you an online company that can, but we would not be the cheapest. Let us know!
lol, I still haven't discovered that yet!
Im not even hungry no more
Awww poor baby,just leave lol
I and and have declared this THE summer song...for both the reasons you cite! Dance!
Just got bitch out by a trashy street ho. #H8rzGo'nBeH8'n
downtown .. cool
SHE ABOUT TO BE MADD.... LMAO!!
indeed! Yay orange!
How's that elbow feel, Metta World Peace?
Good Morning to all! Lord you are good and your mercies endure forever. I worship you because of who you are!
WHY DO YOU NEVER TELL ME THINGS... maybe id bring you cherrys if you did....
#kids Laugh Factory Thursdays: Laugh Factory Thursdays Thursday, May 10, 2012 at 10:00 PM World Famous Laugh Factory 8001 Sunset...
If you could race 3 Ironman races in 3 months would you do it??
Maybe I've just reached my limit with 9th graders...
interested in a shirt. Follow me, please.
Not surprisingly, dodges the question on about his stance on the flat tax and goes on attack to
BREAKING NEWS: Police investigating shots fired during a purse snatching near the 92/division MAX platform.
I'm done. I'm done texting you first. I'm done hoping you'll call and I'm done crying myself to sleep. You're just not worth it anymore.
If they took you to court on it, your guilty. I see through your bull shit!
I understand u got a man and imma dog.. like a half of brick I just drop it off
Still watching prospects of a significant warming trend for Midwest and Great Lakes late next week, going towards Easter.
maybe I should give the books a whirl!
Happiness does not lie in happiness, but in the achievement of it
31 is a beast tonight
Elearning By Design by William Thorton. Is this a good resource for higher ed instructional design? Anybody have a recommendation?
Enriching your surfing experience on the web, by grouping Blogs, Social Media and Markets together by association for a quick overview...
lmao, good idea!!
Chipotle Line= Ridiculously long
Peace and love. That is my life! :-)
Another one is Alfred McCoy CIA Complicity in Global Drug Trade - McCoy was still teaching at UW when I was there - missed him!
Looks like the #Indy #Valpak office is eating Arni's Restaurant's Pizza today!
_~||_. THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
great meeting you Saturday #diydays. We've got our work cut out for us! But it's doable!
“: Had a great workout. #NW the playoffs #TeamHEAT” let's go
: People don't like the feds interfering in local affairs. Imagine how it would look if it was another country interfering.
Drifting off to sleep to sounds of rain, soft thunder, and distant train whistles.
Just saw Limitless...great flick
Thanks for the kind words coach and thanks for supporting us!
Lol I forgot my password, that's why I haven't been on in a while and awwh thats cute btw I mde a facebook add me its Ayah Shreds
And a nod to your cute little fashiony self. Just because or whatever. Time to look at airline tickets.
how you diggin them video games and working out lol
Good news, everyone! GEAR Con's room discount is live, call Crowne Plaza Portland (conv. center) & ask the desk for our rate.
wow Ann really knows how to connect with the American people.
you are a loser! But you are the best big brother(:
Actor can't stop feeling, what is it to be a performer? Dies when not emotionally involved.
follow me back please(: 9
The car I'm in is rented I ain't with all that committment shit
Transportation and Planning team are in Edinburgh, Worcestershire and Surrey tomorrow - working local again!
well, it's ABOUT TIME.
Hey I heard you were a wild one.. O.... I sing so pretty =)
Had a good day with the big cousins :)
good luck this weekend!
Forbes Thought Of The Day “ Our aspirations are our possibilities. ” — Robert Browning
I would rock a tote bag so hard
thought about eating a late lunch, but I think I'm still full! ha!
My money is on the
It's like my life is flashing before my eyes. I should've drank more wine.
I'm being generous with the "B". Not even Dennys cute. Like the they're the mom's of the not cute girls that work at Dennys.
Hi Jeremy. Thanks for the follow!
glad we could clear it up on our end. And send us your info - we know clients love you guys, we want the world to know
die of happiness .
You might think "well, it looks like you're working on it," but no. I'm totally not.
Just got confirmation for my 2009 Doubleback allocation order. Be here in Mar!
I know right! It's like...is that the only reason ppl like vintage anymore??
yo wakeuppppp so we can go get recovery food
Are you both hungry & thirsty? Kilroy's Sports Bar has the $20 all you can eat and drink buffet today!
dude! Or person who owns this twitter! Stop pretending to be !!!
Everyone follow she's my best friend and she's an ICONiac<U+E022>
I love my mom, so much. She's been through more then I can imagine and she's held it together idk how she does it.
Worst day ever
...wow, this is awesome...thanks! :) Beautiful ladies!
What you meant the story to be and what the story is are two different things.
thank you...i feel like i am the lucky one
Thanks for the retweet! We are launching soon! Super excited to being starting in #MKE!
I've had them do that after the pedicure -- put shoes back on so then you don't mess up the polish later.
poor guys as if the drive wasnt long enough prob be faster to load em up in vans!
Wtf am I suPposed to do w/O hot water?! I hope its on by morning.. Or this ass aint bathing!! Watch out now!!
Who's going to #HumpDaySale tomorrow?
Prepared for my first 5K run on Saturday morning. Sombrero beach run. In Marathon, FL Keys.
Fashion Media Philippines: Cebu&#39;s male model imports Luke Wilson ...
have you looked at YouTube to see if any one had made tut's for it?
That sounds fair and an extra for Sakya since I called her Ryan!
Thanks for the kind words/RT. I appreciate it. Jeff
YESS Best halloween ever! in a GREATT MOOD :D now time for birthday :))
MTI Printing their brochures with GSEA Group...who's designing/printing yours?
Worth every penny. You look beautiful in it!
Follow me i follow back!!!
Good, taught too many classes this semester but thankfully it's almost over. Business feels good too.
*Special* $85.00 Down payment on select models! (W.A.C.A) Please call for more information 405-631-3388! We cant wait to hear from you!!
Awkward Moment -.-
RT SAFETY TIP: If you see a downed power line, keep yourself and others away! Call 911, then notify SDG&E at (800) 411-7343
Help us, O God our Savior, for the glory of your name. Deliver us and forgive our sins for your name's sake. Ps. 79:9
Today I had a Lindt chocolate ball filled with peanut butter from their Gaithersburg shop. Oh. My.
IT'S NOT ME!
Seve cried for 2 hours once after losing a 9-hole playoff. His competitor, who won, stated..."I cried for 2 hours before I played Seve.".
Take advantage of the Energy Deregulation Boom with the Most Lucrative Biz and the largest footprint in the Industry.Call 1-646-397-9817
Omg shut up! So in love with 's little one...she melts my heart
After gathering & analyzing years of auditory data, I've come to the conclusion that motorcycles are 15,000 times louder than necessary.
May I request Found Found Found? I'd like to send it out to my bandmates in Möbius Strip here in DC!
Easiest way to make sure I'm late for work,
“: yet another reason i want to move RT" I get anywhere and everywhere in Wausau in seven minutes.
Hmm, the commenter actually said "blind arrogance." I think I was actually right though...
Jeffrey Stevens (UCLA) speaks on the Cult of Nemesis and her transformation from goddess of wrath to use in civic propaganda & iconog.
I wish I would have known he was outside my house...
Cool beans! Publish a #mindmap of the pros & cons. Don't forget a couple of photos! :)
whats up Alex blessings to you & yours.
It's midnight and I'm not at a movie theatre watching the Avengers. I fail at life.
107 degrees in Dubai today. This is a first for me. OMG.
That's okay, my doc's office does that too.
Come, they told me, parum-pa-pum-pum. But they didn't tell me anything about an unmarked well.
“: Coming downtown to see the St. Patricks' Day Parade? ...YMCA staff strutting down the parade route! :)” -- We'll see you there!
blah blah blah tweet tweet poop
Nic Batum expected to return to starting lineup tonight. Still battling left quad tendonitis. He went through shoot-around today.
Lol at this white dude that has "50 cent" tatt'd on his neck.
The Milwaukee Ale House is the home of the "best swing night in town for over 12 years!" Join us at tonight at 8!
I always catch myself though.
RT : Sometimes I find myself wishing the Nuge would just focus on music. Then I remember how bad that was too.
scouring the newsroom for a small digital camera to use in a story. failed.
Sitting in Cabin number 1 at Coopers El Vado Ranch. Enjoying some time with my good friend David Cooper & my Family. Thank you Lord!
like on behalf of fat models? (i hope) confused.
we are a hair extension company! Get a consultation with a color specialist for the best result :)
just needs a lil duck tape and it'll be in tip top shape <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>.....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
here's to the past
OMG! your 14 and Cute <3
So my prof is playing us the mel gibson tapes in class.....
right now it is 10:11 am... I'm about to go to six flags lol
perfoming tonight at The Writers Room in LA. She's T.I.'s newest artist and comes hard. -
Nah. That's the REAL me! LOL
lol I only base that off the creepy glasses they are making.
One by one they all just fade away.
At #sdsummit; just getting going; first up mark zuckerman. Wow.
Two show day!
WE here the NEW York Audio & AV Show is going WEll. Good for you guys!! Our own Marjorie Baumert is on site as well
When and where is the next one? Announcement?
sh sh sh it's ok little mac I know you're dying.
she was the first and best I ever had ;)
man chillen bro. Up randomly at 5 lol. What you up to? The album ready yet?
i wanna see it when u get done
Old process: gamble for awhile, recover/celebrate, jump back in. With the new process I ride through all the emotions as I'm grinding.
BEACH HOUSE at July 21!!!
Happy first day of Spring! What's your favorite restaurant in #Chicago that has outdoor patio seating?
Looking for ELA teachers interested in collaborating on #flipclass panel at #ncte12 in Vegas. Proposals due Jan. 20.
RT : #bigSmoke2012 can't wait | I'm doing a little smoke after dinner...does that count?
jasmine is sleeping.
Shop Buck Island Creek Farm, Iona Farm, Grunt N Gobble Farm, Highlawn Farm, Lower Sherwood Farm, Mossy Acre, Bethel Family Farm, more!
Sense of humor? That's still a thing? Not if we have anything to do with it.
He is so sexii
oh hii! thanks for the follow.
I'm on month 2 of daily allergy meds, but it is worth it for beautiful ABQ days like this! Can't wait to dig in some dirt!
hopefully!! Good luck! If you dont, still go down to Boston on March 3rd, maybe you'll get lucky and meet them! x
Also making the FT in Jax that Shawn Cunix dude and this year's wunderkin Darren Elias.
RT : Happy founders day to all my sisters
enough having conversatons with these niggas , i got a faithful boy by my side . & it would hurt to loose him
“ “ Our small, stupid conversations mean so much more to me than you will ever know.””
Thx 4 the msg ! Your site looks great! Would love if u would review our sitcom about homebrewing when it's released next month.
I can't believe he is gone. We love you Michael Jackson
Modesto JC is psyched about having a cohort of 12 faculty go through the online instructor training program!
Attending African American genealogical society meeting in Orlando FL. Love listening to Ms Mary Fears's story...never gets old..
#NP Destroyer - Bay of Pigs "please remove your spurs. Come to think of it remove your antlers"
everyone deserves a second chance
me and priscilla ate fried oreas last night so like i woke up at 3:00 in the morning and my stomach was sick that i threw^
They half half-price drink nights, but Flemings at Crabtree as great specials plus wine flights.
Parents see a school as a 5 star hotel. Kids see school as a Jail. Teachers see the school as a zoo. Im with the kids on this one.
Studio flow..... But need food before I pass out.... Lol
I'm jumping back into the product review & giveaway game. I've gotten tons of emails over the past few months but have declined.
is she drunk yet
Thank God for noise canceling headphones.
best place for it! BTW, Mr. Scone is very mopey that he cannot be with you doing the same!!
lose yourself, beautiful, sing for the moment. urs?
#Dewey admits firm could close in memo to employees, says my story online. broke the news.
#1thingiwantforchristmas snow. I would LOVE to have a white Christmas!
girl yes she didn't goin any where lol
Thank you!
Insert end-of-civilization analogy here.
Damon from Oklahoma says I had a cuppola o dwinks from the mini ba...
#LAthtr actors... come check out our website. register. stay connected. rate & review agencies/casting/photogs/restaurants
Then I was like uh thanks. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
she's a dime lol
Third Ward: broadway and buffalo
Oh yes! And quinoa has good protein too!
Making a hydrophone out of piezzo discs and plastidip for underwater recording.
n ur dreams buddy
The conflicts of social life and the limitations of nature cannot be controlled or transcended
Happy Mardi Grass everyone!! Don't forget your DD if you're out drinking this evening.
That's deep. And I don't know the answer.
*sigh* i thought about playin madden but fck football right now..back into the booth i go..
you can take the invoice because we know where you Twitter. :)
my experience was the opposite yesterday. Kick ass flight attendants. Terrible, unempatetic gate agents.
I am not a pc user so I never tried it on a pc if u have a MacBook like me go on twitter and log in try it
I love you Justin. More than Selena.
Today's Drink Special: Sweet Tea Collins. Get into it! It's hot outside, but cool in here! Come by and enjoy our games and yourself!
i'm 14 too xP lol
Thanks,sweethearts?
I will, but of course, I still can't find Idaho.
Dear Baltimore, I'll give you that: your sunrises are cool.
I'm not. So yeah maybe we can go together.
Waiting for at the castleton square mall. So excited.
Last day of #EPL action is THIS Sunday! Good thing #EURO2012 is coming up!
Fabulous Fashion Internship NYC# High school internship# Focus group mall shopping and teen fashion trends.
Next time I will!
lol shut up n i guess but Idk if she feel.the same
sure thing drew
(Not really! We have about twenty years of U.S. history to plow through. It would have been fun though.)
Thanks for following me!C;
Does any one happen I be an expert w solidworks? I an naht and need help
I've searched but I can only access sneak peeks 1 and 2... Not 3 and 4 (if there even is any;; I haven't seen them yet)
Drink like The King? Um, yes! RT Just found a drink called The Elvis Presley.
get to spend all day coach with blood yayy!!!
Thank you. This is just a fan page, follow
Don't do it again. lmao, Where ya been good sir?
Sorry to say but fanny pack can't compete with the rest of the crews and they need to go home
Movie marathon con Megan. Popcorn & soda bc it's Fat Tuesday duh.
Last tweet in all seriousness. Kingpin took them down, along with their unfortunate name. I digress from the point, but ...
Inside every working anarchy, there's an Old Boy Network. - Mitchell Kapor
Tis a bit sad, really.
It's lunchtime! Today's Specials: Tostadas chicken or steak. Soup & 1/2 sandwich. Soup: chicken pot pie.
wow, that's so nice. Glad to meet you too - already a fan of your blog and writing. :)
Shout out to for being 1of 7 people,creating change in #Baltimore. Get the March issue of & read all about it.
good points for sure, race and class do tend to have a correlation regardless
Since when #women health issues = slush fund??? #GOP and #malechauvinism leading
That amazing feeling when inspiration hits..
its decided, im becoming a boxer
That sounds like fun. At least you dont work tonight like me. :(
This fucking lady is really getting on my nerves
All relationships GO through Sh*T, But REAL relationships GET through SH*T...keep it funky thou..
I deserve a medal for making it through this week without stabbing someone with a fork.
(9:40) Temperatures are warming and dew points are falling! Dry air in place, making comfortable weather conditions.
can you please follow me thanks :D
Happy Mothers Day!
yes let's get you toned for your Bday bash Maybe could lend you a dress!
hehe- we have the same difficulty...Everyone loves a puppy!
Buying running shoes is stressful
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
im going to break my straight iron!
Sitting inside a church, and all I see are hos everywhere
you know what would be great? If it was spring break already. I'm really not up for 3 mor days of school.
lmfaoo you stupid dude
Flying Virgin to LA. The plane is purple. Like Soul Plane. I hope Snoop is the pilot.
keep the info coming
say hey to RBH
Do you inquisitively discover, or reluctantly discover? There is a MAJOR difference. ......Just do your research....
Now that the rapture has taken place, I've realized that Heaven is a lot different than I expected it to be. Hm!!!!
4 times the payroll but .,. Crickets
You need new weave...
Looking for folks with expert Java experience, experience working with web services and integrated logic, in a multi-tiered environment.
that's an understatement. ha.
Everyone affects the world constantly through our actions. Through every thought, our every word.. were constantly affecting the world
LAF ;D GCF Taught Me To Be Classy <3.
FYI, Mirror Mirror is delightful, charming, fun, & shockingly good. I know, I wasn't expecting that either.
RT : Sorry I couldn't mention anything sooner! Thank you to everyone who has voted for HP ! You guys and girls are so awesome :) xx
Coming up after 5:30, joins us to discuss the lawsuit filed today by Jonathan Vilma.
:***** I'll send you kisses until you stop <3
I hate Betty now more than ever.
honored to be part of the brotherhood
I just want you to know that I want to marry you, you can wear your Spiderman suit to bed. (:
Alright everyone, I'm pretty stoked for my evening-- I'm going to see !!
I love it when lunchables put the ingredients you need first at the very bottom of every thing
watching shaq vs JB on youtube again and now I wanna go bowling with !!!!!!!!!!
Awww. Thank you! :D
and haha changed it.
Thanks for the follow, Jasmina!
FWD: : Make me VERY happy. RT Wow! We've found 73 books with positive teacher role models. Here's the list: h ...
Really wishing i still lived in Bama right about now. Hating it in Houston more and more everyday.
May is for Miracles! Visit Walmart, Sam's Club, Costco, Marco's Pizza and Valvoline and donate to Children's Miracle Network Hospitals!
add "makes baby goat noises"... just the thought of it makes me smile.
I keep having dreams I'm at #NERDHQ doing karaoke of "Total Eclipse of the Heart" w/ . In my dreams I can't sing either!!!
me RT : My new album, "Dear Summer", is gon be my best trust me... What dope producer should I work wit?
NW- law n order
Congratulations on the newest Socha Member. I wish you all the best with the baby. Plenty of goodtimes and memories to come :)
send me some!
Carlisle: "I doubt we'll meet again." Violet: "Do you promise?"
might've been influenced by a few things, but I just ate what I'm sure is the most delicious pepperoni hot pocket I've had in my life
Sounds like a good way to wrap the day up :)
Yes! Chicago, LA, NY shops take heed: "If you don't have $, look at long form improvisers that can write."
": The Senate lost a brilliant strategic mind, a man with absolute integrity. He will be missed.- VP on "Indy will miss U!RT
HowAboutWe Stop Acting Like People We Aren't And Start Acting Like Ourselves
Like Mufasa, this king will never leave in spirit.
haha u just don't understand how much weight you can loose with this product!
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason... then I realized I was thinking about you.
New house, new album coming new video coming, new friends but I got the same attitude I'm blessed like hell
I just moved here from graham nc a small town about 20 mins from Chapelhill. I have been here a month now.
I'm wearing a pink <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080> for
As a follow up to my previous tweet, I'm now totally drunk. And in love!!!
OMG PSF float in the Apple Blossom parade?
do yous like dashboard confessional???
You must change in order to survive
Going to see Act of Valor again and then going to watch my favorite movie of all-time, The Godfather.
do it! Anything for food!
I thought I read bush was signed weeks ago?
Don't forget. Tomorrow and celebrate the birth of aka Mrs. Lawrence at Trophy Bar.
Please follow me(; 12
RT Never to try is always to fail.
Sleep is my new favorite thing.
Chowed down at golden corral with dad. Ok didn't really chow but watched as everyone else did.
Younger thanks Kingston. He'll appreciate the backup for his deathmatch with Jacobs.
right huh.. Yummmmmmyyyyyy
#GCB = Freaking hilarious!!!!!!
Get ready for the first ever #AVbyte musical theatre short!
When I was 5- I had a coin w/ Smokey the Bear on it: "Only YOU can prevent forest fires." Why was I the chosen one? It was a confusing time.
Normally people around u won't understand ur vision because their limited to it.Do what's best for u and ur surroundings will get it later.
You now make more money than the Houston Astros make as an entire organization.
Haha! Oh, you know, just got a few stitches and all. No big deal.
but he is a little ginger, he cant be packin that much
I am so mad at Barack Obama's treason that I want a tea party to overthrow the US federal government.
Gibbs and I are going, actually!
so social studies isn't your favorite subject I'm guessing?
who cares about the phone line, overall we heard it...rock on !!
Oh, pretty! I'm itching to read that book, too.
The Growers is growing, another investor is on board! The film is moving forward! if you are interested please contact me!
Live music tonight at 7 !!!
Hoping I can keep my eyes open for tonights gig.
Oops. I've been spellchecked. Aurelio (not Arthur) Zen and Jackson Brodie (not Brody). Oh well. Long day.
I can't tell if that's a cop or not
Nanotube Technology Leading to Fast, Lower-Cost Medical Diagnostics (NSTI) Share With Friends: | | Science - Nanotechnology News , News
Tough loss for the Nice gm Monta and Udoh... carmelo should get called for a foul every possession btw.
nice! What year is the BSB shirt from? I keep thinking I should send some of my shirts to Crash so he can make a hoodie.
When I pay for my groceries and the cashier hands me the receipt I like to smile and say "this will all be poop soon"
thnks!!! 2 the ladies of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Happy Founders Day 2 u!!! We thank Dr. King everyday, Happy MLK Day
It is mad people at Miami Prime......Damn
A regular cut is 15 bucks, which isn't too bad these days. Plus it's worth it just to hang out in there and people watch!
Cheers! Thanks for sharing your wisdom last night in #Atomicchat. :)
no problem! Always down for good music
#WomenWhotThinkLikeAMan know how not to get walked on & can see behind the manipulation. Beat them at their own game.
LMFAO don't know his name but I know he PAID ya feel me
I want a thick one wit two butts da front n back
haha its the truth :p
foxiest panel eva. Top notch footwear, and even better books
Gung Hoy Fat Choy! The semester has begun at Laney #College! Today I begin my mastery of statistics & general chemistry.
#librotraficante quotables: "Arizona, the whole world is watching."
In Phineas and Ferb, the theme song says, "There's 104 days of summer vacation..." so why is there 121 episodes?!?! MIND = BLOWN.
sum guy parkoured off a bridge & into Will River. what an amatoor! Us cats r expurt parkours at berth! Just ask mah mom and 27 bros/sistahs
Feel better and get some rest!
People who don't workout at like fitness isn't everything
thanks for following, I will do the same.
In desperate need of my own bed, and an empty bedside to remind me of my mistakes.
Game over. Clippers have to take care of business at home.
Lmao I've been seeing your tweets all over my TL...you crazy bruh!
Rest of school year: 1. Mock MN Legislature 2. Best Movie of All Time 3. Powers of the President 4. Mock Trial
Stuck in hail storm?? Guess I can make some business calls.
who the fuck is this guy
making a new twitter. brb
RT : not in florida..the one in dc ....OH
I don't know where you live silly!
The guy sitting in front of me is eating a grilled cheese. He chose the side salad. Will he finish his plate? STAY TUNED.
not a joke. But I don't wanna fight. It's just a fact.
I'm also thinking about a Warehouse 13 spec.
Spent lunch today with classmates...the entire conversation was "why u don't eat, u not getting protein, u r missing out u u u bla bla bla
2011 is gonna be phenomenal...I've decided
Good morning. Time to start my day.
Spring is a great time to detox: body, emotions, mind, spirit!
Thanks for tuning in!
Yahoo Adds Video Program With Katie Couric
"I'm not shoutin' nothin', I'm quiet as a mouse!" Yells the woman on the train. She may be talking on the phone, but maybe just to herself
For all the latest breaking #laxgrad2012 news, follow live tweets from
How can a man get raped ? That doesnt match up.
Most importantly, our #caregivers adapt to the client’s routine
Thems was the days.
chicago eifs contractors
Spent 4 hours working on the lawn. Pleasantly exhausted. Dirt in the hands & under the fingernails really helps one to reset priorities.
Children's Librarians spread the love! Thank you!
Thanks for the follow
My ideal mother's day treat would be a massage and steak dinner with my family
Tell me to be E but, Pizza time delivers you fresh hot brownies. Who knew
After watching that video of the State of the College, I'm embarrassed to say I'm a graduate of Columbia College. BECAUSE OF THE STUDENTS.
How dare you try and insult my intelligence
- I hear you brother. Hang in and know the best stuff will come after hours with good people you meet...all in good time.
is that action performed "on board" something?
Done and done.
Kids bop singe the beetles... Someone must die for this!
That awkward moment when "Jesse J" is trending when its actually Jessie J.
ROW 9 SEAT 17 meet n greet for !!!!
How can there possibly be someone so beautiful on this Earth?! <U+2665> Ariana is asdfghjklo G.O.R.G.E.O.U.S <U+2665>
Thanks for the follow Alex.
At least they didn't boo. That's a step up for them.
Not a shocker!
Congrats to Brad Keselowski on your second place finish this past weekend! Keep up the good work in the Miller Lite Blue Deuce.
what happened now?
Mark Harmon turns 60 today. He's hot. He's married to Pam Dawber (Mindy from Mork & Mindy).
Working on adding dynamic charts to Interlink for CommitCRM. Visualize business trends with your CommitCRM data.
What do you mean?
Thunder are hitting everything!!! Dang
taking a road trip to Pittsburgh this weekend. How much of an adventure are we in for?
why didnt we think of this sooner!!!!!!
My new job is: director of media relations for the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association. Congrats Benet!
Most definitely! Thanks for adding us too :) Keep rockin' the tunes!!
She said "Thank you" and to tell your mom she said Happy Mothers Day :)
When you hit someone is fine,but when they hit you it's the worst thing ever!
A Woman love" by King Baba James. #nowplaying sucksfreeradio.
thanks for following and thanks for showing up at re:public, was great to meet you!
GMGM on finding a new coach: "I'm not in any rush."
Cruz is saving the acrobatic catches for the SB against the
It is what it is...!
Harry Potter Forbidden Journey is absolutely amazing!
wanna get a hat too homie
: I write thrillers, first 3 based in San Francisco and the current work in progress set in Oxfordshire, England.
yeah between Ben Dover and Mike oxlong's house
Adieu, UK....thanks for the new sights and especially for the new pals. This is place knows how to make people on vacation feel at home.
I have a tough time keeping up too. 100+ people a day say hi to me & Barron while we man the grill.
Continuing programs for elder communities..need art supplies..can you help? Brushes, mat board, acrylic paint, etc.
Watch EVERYBODY try to order that <U+E402>
I used to work at Loved it!
did u just substitute the word tail for ass!! I'm out..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><U+270C>where's the ignorance!!!?
How many people have you caught not wearing green today and had to pinch?
workout was refreshing now its time to meditate
same here...
They now have bannana nut cheerios!
On this date in 1846, the NYS Legislature officially granted the charter for the University at Buffalo!
Latin Tinge Thursday's featuring the best Salsa, Timba, Merengue & more. FREE dance lessons @ 9 pm.
actin like I gotta lie bout something , shit hoes sit down & be quiet . Hushh
Oh when it all it all falls down!! I still be jammin that shit...
I'm prob the only person sans Skype :-/ should I get it?
Yay i get to see one of the episodes of legen of korra ive missed
Page 38 of 366 I just wrote the longest essay in history
Now that I'm following BetterMade I suddenly have a craving for their chips. Wish people had a craving for our cleaning
I love the translator he gets so nervous and he like shakes when he talks haha <3 Mad respect. Relax them nerves <3!!
I love all the brick buildings in Chicago - always seems novel to me coming from Alaska.
Our #FF is the iron-clad indie publisher who taking literary risks no one else would ever dare.
hahah awesome man lets do it #lavoyallenbandwagon right down 95
Assessing submissions is remarkably interesting; yet, with 400+ to work through, I'm easily distracted
#ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Gamble on Deruler (gamble on me)
Brightline Interactive to Debut Experiences at Sports Illustrated at the ...
If there is a way to do it better...find it! - Thomas Edison
Just a programming note; we just recorded on Thursday, so expect the show Saturday or Sunday. Thanksm Lil' BS'ers!
really glad that the palette isn't destroyed..nice variety of ever beer imaginable on display...beautiful.,what a day
Fuck you Chris
lmaoo word up take me wit u
“: I love the way that Rachel and Kurt support each other through thick and thin #Glee”
I saw you in concert at Chicago House of Blues with Nas. Bet you haven't done that?
Good music - quite a good vibe... One crowd so no turning of tables... 1100 (pretty bad)
Chumlee, think you would ever let that beard grow to become one of the great beards of history?
“: Bigg beauty chick be da black man saver!”****Big booty chick is a black mens saver ! *****
K-Shine, Rich Dolarz, D.N.A, Cortez, and Swave Sevah. Out of all them the best battle would either be Cortez or K-Shine.
Look forward to participating in Chicago's #ChiChat tomorrow! Who else is going to be there?
no is the standard response.
miiishhhyoutooo :( :( aaww ! well if you wanna talk you can text me whenever ! (: <3
no. I bought all the merchandise. Lol all at a good price though :-)
Be completely honest: Is your holiday shopping done?
your contact form isn't working-- other ideas?
He still wears UA cleats, they could probably resign him if they wanted too.
You know who could handle this? kristopherson, that kid is a natural olympic level athlete.
If anybody should have vagina Klout, it's you. (Although Klout seems to get a lot of things wrong.)
We thought we were going live outside an empty school... turns out there's a school dance that gets out at 9 p.m. Chaos ensues.
Related: Just got a penicillin shot to relive symptoms of this awful benedict cumberbatch I've been suffering from.
Who has the best chance to stay undefeated the Colts or the Saints?
"Military Under-Reports Incidents Of Afghan Soldiers Shooting At U.S. Troops" #huffpost Because they're so grateful for what we've done!
That must make me Santa Claus!
Niall Horan is Handsome is trending ... we all know I agree.
This feeling <<<<
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Im so bored i has just hired two private detectives to follow each other
Last winter too much snow. This winter too much sickness. But I would gladly take snow over this never-ending cold & flu season.
Up right now copyrigthin this Stuff! Time consuming but worth it
My 2nd! Have the cutest 2 y/o nephew :-) AND in 3 wks I'll hit the trifecta when my other sis in law has her 1st!
I'm not flexible but 've wanted to try hot yoga for a while now. I've checked out a few places. This is a great deal.
I gave him back like 4 bucks
Yes we do mix and master. We have capability to do everything from top - bottom for production! You should come & check us out!
thanks....woohoo! At least we do baseball well...football; ugh
Kennywood Day! Meeting up with Gabbie at the school so we can take the bus as long as she's on time.. I WILL leave without her if I have to!
sounds good, Kenny Loggins house? wow, cool, gotta see you perform soon!
Canada producer prices edge up on petroleum, coal - Creamer Media's Mining Weekly
JP is the guy that was in that picture and he wants to kill Miranda's baby. Mystery solved!
Yes you will. I on the other hand, will be a mega-millionaire!!
Love cath z-j, but she definitely doesn't deserve the Tony. Why is film taking over broadway???
Tough night for Carmelo. Not only does his comeback result in a loss , but it comes against the guy the Knicks should have traded for. Ugh
hungry hungry hungry
Isn't it great that so many stores went out of business so we could have the seasonal wonders known as Halloween superstores?
. Keynes said that because he felt limited by everything that had been discovered about economics. We are now in thrall to him.
how you got my pw?
No time to see a play, but thrilled to be on my way to see RED at arena stage in DC.
An ambulance just drove up to Marshall Elementary to transfer somebody to the helicopter
Very cool, Mr. Kelly, we'll check it out. Congrats on the CD!
And we have a winner! RT : what a morning. can we just cut the rest of this bs and call it happy hour already?
Finally did my taxes yesterday, ended up not owe'n shit,knockin out this fasfa last minute so i can have some chump change for school.
but how will you tap into knowledge/results of others if they're not in the flow of your work? And how will they get captured?
You wouldn't do anything if you could Lil boy. YOU DON'T KNOW WHERE I LIVE.
At for my grad lunch with the fam!
At precinct 66, driving for a strong finish to the #ward5se!
with mi amigos
Thank you !!!
As GT/Dewey talks progress, one source says Dewey would need to shed roughly half its partnership for deal to occur.
Anatidaephobia is the fear that somewhere in the world, there is a duck watching you.
Ha! Love it. That needs to be a defense to premeditated crimes.
that sounds sexy
Whoever thinks they have no time for bodily exercise will sooner or later have to find time for illness. ~ Edward Stanley
Congratulations to Melanie Turner of Melanie Turner Interiors for winning (AGAIN!) Southeast Designer of the Year!!
Bleh. I cant go to the show tomorrow because i have no money..... I think im going to cry :(
RT : Who can recommend a projectors? Need them for in office use and meetups. Wireless connection preferred.
CenTex families affected by the fires need diapers, wipes, baby food, and baby toiletries. You can drop off at Pearl Studio Tues-Fri....
follow back!
Oh. Wait. It's just some Thai pseudo-porn spam account. Shit.
Guess it's time to update my Twitter feed...
at La Cantera shopping the day away!
"Even a broken watch is right 2 times a day". - unknown
Congrats Chloe on the 'Carrie' lead!!! I think you are beautiful & very talented!!! Xoxo
9016912337 | claim this number, who are you???
It all starts again as we have the Natural Products Assoc convention Monday and luckily in Vegas no travelling
Some ppl need some new hobbies
Trying to stay positive but I believe Justin Verlander is going to absolutely devour the A's lineup today.
Good Morning! Hope you enjoyed your Thanksgiving with your family. Now it's time to get back to work and be productive! Next up Christmas!
If we don't discipline ourselves, the world will do it for us.
Will we see you at #Tasteof8 tomorrow? will be hosting the soft-launch of so swing by!
My dog lifts his leg - "Not on my camellia!" Screeches my neighbor.
No such thing as a day off!
Can't sleep because I'm too worried about the nation's debt.
Curious to see what Lee's focus/narrative/approach to Brazil will be.
Nah, just feeling crummy. But I'll be okay (^.^) thank you <3
Also, thank you! :)
If the U.S. had followed European conservatives' economic model we would now be in a second recession. Proof government spending worked.
Happy mothers day to all you mothers out there :)
fair enough.
School /: ugh!
thats been in several TV News reports - Hamas hiding in Hospitals dressed as doctors - sorta like hiding bombs in mosques
did you see frapp happy hour starts Fri?! Made me think of our Starbs runs this time last year!
Still wanting to be friends? Im cool with that... We were always best friends. Other emotions just got in the way. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
DUKES w/Boston Pops w/Keith Lockhart this week. Sold out concerts. Whoo hoo. Back in NOLA on Sunday.
Full day in NYC... Great seeing at The Late Show. Last time was when I did #Will&Grace in L.A! So talented and incredibly fun
what's up? U the baddest on my time line
You are awesome! Thanks for the RT :)
what's the good word man?
Speaking The Truth!
Ive failed more than I've succeeded. Which is precisely why I have so much success!
they don't have an answer to leaks and file sharing so it's every man for himself right now.
love that quote, go Herbie!
Me too! Thanks much. :-)
Green Lantern is going to be sick. I'm so psyched.
Ops is right. Going to cost Obama a lot of votes even though media BS spinning otherwise!
So much catching up to do on #codeyear this weekend! Still stalled on Week 3 from being so busy
and I'd be there with ya
Microcredit Options: Need funding for a small business? Find out what's available. Parker Williams Branch, Wed. 3-4:30PM...
I find solace in rooting for the winners that respect the game.
Someone tell me what's Gianna's number I lost it e!!!!
Email of the day: "I'll be there tomorrow w/ the paper and some dumplings" from our friends at Gigi's Asian Bistro & Dumpling House. M...
Where'd you get those peepers
Travis Wall Workshop tonight! Can not wait to see what he has to bring to the studio!
sittin on a fat wallet all day hurts my ass
When I was in jail she let me call her collect
enh. Fairly minor. For the saddle bolt shearing mid-ride... :) (No really: fell, but minor scrapes, & bike fixable by me.)
Life is something to do when you can't get to sleep.... the other half is Fantasy Life aka DREAMS... the way you want to do things.
Where did you meet your mate?
RT : Just placed a phn order 2 the local sub shop. .. ...Ready in 10 mins. #nicetobehome <- VERY COOL!
i dont understand why you went to venezuela and not colombia...
Heat fans quiet an shit
nice ya just ask josh when he wants me 2 come by and im there
goodnight/good morning :) <3
We need 2 color screen printed t-shirts for June 16th, and we need quotes. Any screen printers in the Pitt area?
always a pleasure!
sweet tell her to get on it lol
coming to on March 27!
No sudden moves: You're looking emotional commitment right in the eye. Question: Where do you stand?
Back in biz mein! ": RIP 2 iPhone. We lost a great part of the iPhone community #lostiphone”
So #LukeBryan on #ACM - it's getting hot in here!
yeah and Im fine.(:
Happy Birthday!
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results
We're excited to have as our venue sponsor for the 2012 Mile High Horror MUSIC SHOWCASE, September 27-29.
Ya see? We're just making dreams come true.
we don't list squidoo pages
Seriously losing it here!! LMAO!!
Have u ever had a breakfast pizza?? U can get a great 1 @ common grounds in #fayetteville_ar! Get a bloody Mary 2! Best breakfast ever!
OMG - That was like a Twitter cross-tweet/Retweet paranormal event. I have goosebumps!
VIP at Barley House. This is my weird existence.
we will say, an upgrade from the average
Just saw a commercial for a product called "Sticky Buddy". It even boasts about having rubber fingers.
I'd go "must win series" but game? Naw. Let's not be overly dramatic. Win or split the series is fine for now.
FYI. If you are a local Columbus UX'er, you should connect with (the conf. organizers) for monthly activities and community.
BIG BIZ Term of the Day ad valorem tax
Don't know how to feel...
I can't believe he has only hours to live & he's SEVEN years old. I hate you cancer :(
I thank you and the men of thank you. A very special evening.
u know wht man I thnk white folks are supporting this, but I think there is some shock value here
just cover up your steve jobs heart tattoo
We heard your were mentioned on the radio this morning! tell me more!
Just spoke with thousands of kids from around the country for a webinar on poverty & what kids can do to help. A great session!
thanks boo :o)
Hungarian police raided the set of Brad Pitt's new movie. I guess the AK-47's weren't properly disabled. Oops.
Thank you!! for choosing for your event!!!We hope to see all of you soon!
I will totally try to get #showJesuslikeTebowandGrace trending
I love that neither of my kids holds grudges.
I shouldn't be near Vegas and have money in my pocket. -Adam Sandler
Longer lives may lead us to plan our lives differently. What would you do differently?
Youre not an adult until you can handle situations maturely, are able to live on your own, & not say words like, "swag". 18 yrs old is a lie
Leverage is being shot near my work, anyone want to go in on a loaf of bread, sit on a bench, and feed the extras?
Kong paid me a visit. I missed him so much
Downloaded Fruity Loops 10 and I have no clue what the hell I'm doing. I'm a Reason type producer but I must expand my talents...
are you alive... I'm barely.
I dont feel welcome in my own house
Happy Happy Weekend!
follow before she commits!28
I think it would be better as a movie.
Good morning!
lmfaoo for now....
I get excited when I see the light.
I'm so excited for you!!:) your dreams are coming true!:) you'll seriously love it!
lmfao you makin fun of me cause I said bro?
damn well at least yu had fun...i wanna partying
yeah we could've listened to another 10-15 minutes for sure! Very interesting story.
A clean Ruby is a happy DeAnn.
ta!!! the day i go into school :/
Each day we grow older. Each day we should grow wiser. How are YOU doing today?
Thank you!
"Hey, you got some beer there." "Yeah. And you, uh, sure like cashews."
Traffic is horrible on 1604 and blanco
I have my first EOC today. Yeah I'm gonna fail
Wouldn't it be nice to make as much as a rock-star for one year!
A man who reads is irresistable in deed and in bed.
I love you :]
O's undefeated.
For all you math fans, I love my new Mobius strip scarf. I'm gonna wear it all day long tomorrow and no one can stop me! :)
Things you should do when you hit 30: Start eating meals that don't require ketchup.
nerd Predictions on next week ? Will Eli do it again ?
Why did the idiot have his sundial floodlit ?So he could tell the time at night !
(Gotta love Cali for the Warm Weather Women and The Weed)
Went to Ferch's for lunch today and thought of you! Next time you're in town, let's make a date! (Ricardo's will suffice too!)
I. Demand. Data. Porn.
Hooray! What did you order?
To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as one's own in the midst of abundance.
I need a summer Job so I could save up 4 the belive tour
What happened to Shoshana at this upcoming concert? :-(
Wow, everyone is blowing up the lines for tickets Good luck, loves. :) I'll be taking your calls
did you mean me? no @ in your message! :)
lmao you definitely can girl :)
Yes i ams :-) went straight to the mechanic and called Erik and now Im waiting for him #areyouleaaaaving ? ;D
Yeah, I guess it works the same as having a Bordeaux designed for American palates on the market :(
solid! Gin & tonics this weekend?
I do, because then, feminist or not, it just seems ungracious.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Always stay yourself, there are others enough. Be strong, be loud, be proud.
laying in my towel after that shower >>>
C'MON MAN DANG NASTY . NOW I GOTTA LOGG OFF!
I'm no mathematician, but according to my calculations more people need to shut the fxck up.
Thank you! Have a great week!
Great time of the year to be in WI...are you going to a GBP game?
It's thunderstorming (: so relaxing.
Follow us at to get and updates in one place.
In each of UK's last 6 champ years, the Yankees went on to win the World Series later that year.
They look great! !RT Wowza!! Just saw a few of the pics from my photo shoot! Thank you Martin Mann!
I am ashamed to admit I am clueless on how to update/maintain lists in Hootsuite so I have to keep opening regular twitter to fix things
our pleasure! Thanks!!!
tweeting for class. leggooo
When I'm Nervous Or There's Too Much Pressure On Me, It All Of A Sudden Gets Really Fuckin Hot In The Room Lbs
because you had to :P
everybody who now posts "meme" will soon be sick of everybody posting "meme," which will then return to obscurity.
lol I'm about to have one again
U a stupid hoe!!
lol I know. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> But I mean I don't use that hash-tag.
Vegas this weekend with my 3 best friends. Can it get any better?
West Potomac hires Jeremiah Davis, former Penn State defensive lineman ... - Washington Post
no advice just now, but I like that you're asking the question. I remember mine were so boring and uninformative.
What a waste. Poor Megan.
Did you know that for every fan on Facebook it equates to up to 20 views on your website...?
At the gym , got my membership. Bout to be up here everyday
Go South Dakota State!! Jackrabbit Fever!
Any idea where it will be?
I'm the keynote today at the 2012 Records Knowledge Conference in Sacramento, speaking on Information Governance.
Two dogs
Added finishing touches to my garden with oregano and fennel today. Financial rationalization: "don't buy a -- buy a plant."
"Hall Pass" In my pants
wants to know who is going to Racine tomorrow morning?
I bs crooked grinded the kinked rail at nani falcone today, im feelin like
After catching up on my Politifact fact checking I have determined that, at best, whatever any politician says will be rated "mostly false"
Avengers in 3D tonight!! Can't wait! I REALLY need to escape reality today!
Stuffed with plutonium, served with side of Rhino husk
Next post: Key Question: How Much Is Enough?
iTunes media successfully moved to external hard drive! Now I can load and edit more #Discovery photos...
Walt Disney's "Give A Day Get A Day" Service Program to promote the importance of volunteerism- Begins Jan. 2010. CHECK IT OUT!
What part of Brooklyn are you in?
I love the ads on mtv: condoms, pregnancy tests, and beauty/hygene products.
My wife and kids is hilarious!
I would love to go to #blogher12 Am open to a sponsor:D I'm a good sharer!
me too :D
you might as well make your way down princess anne
All mankind is divided into three classes: those that are immovable, those that are movable, and those that move. Benjamin Franklin
I wish I had a delete button in my life. To delete somebody, some memories, and some feelings.
Glorious Trainwrecks game design jam, playtesting attendees' board and card games, learning Cataan, and more this morning at #THATCamp Games
Bruce the yakker!!!!!
i get rich selling the same thing twice haha
It's a divisive issue, and that sort of mental, logical and spiritual gymnastics hurts only makes things worse imo
How are yal this evening
Thanks so much for your support.
I want to go! But I don't think I can make it. #Vegas has me in its grasp...
It scares me how fast time is flying! I just need to slow down and enjoy.
Kentucky derby is nuts.
Finally pulling into cincy
Got my tickets for the flight down to NAB. Vegas twice in one week. Have a gig there weekend before.
I've been wearing my event planning hat today! I have renewed appreciation for full-time event planners!
Need a project, what u got people my woodworking skills r impecable
Another wonderful event at TRU lst night. If u act, direct, write or produce check them out. Very helpful and informative. www.TRU.org
about to be the dumbest guy in the room.
It's amazing how someone can be so self absorbed and starved for attention that they take revenge as a compliment.
but he's a really nice guy! i mean he likes michael jackson too ;) that's all we talk about is michael jackson :)
Its actually scary how much hair I lose every morning!
I said Shelby is the coolest cause she follows me even though she secretly loves The Wobble.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. -Chinese Proverb
may 20th buddy #reunion :)
I love . Thank You for #Dreamchasers2 #MMG !!!
You weren't following me?! Haha. The worst.
haha yes, i got it.
I do to in school my class only got to watch thriller
New HC law offers no provision(to block cuts to #medicaid) to #Arizona’s somewhat unusual circumstances.
Are you searching for an appro…
Its almost too easy?
Yeah, I'd pretty much say until it's doctors that have looked at him, ignore everything.
"u play to win the game!" then the only stat that matters is in the win/loss column
okayy = I don't care k = i'm pissed so fuck off bitch
RT : RT : your journey is making me look at the vanity that has me coloring my silver.
We open today from noon to 10pm! Stay tuned for the deal of the day….
Can't make it to this year's but want exposure to our attendees & website visitors? No problem. Donate a door prize!
Had great hamburgers at Cheeseburger in Paradise in Lahaina in Maui and now for shopping!
no set times. Sorry! Just need to listen :-)
Ben's mom was watching Luke &asked if he preferred 2 go 2 Taco Bell or McDonalds & he replied Wasabi!
CTFU I.can't
How TF does Lil B make money
Just invested in my first pair of colorful jeans since 7th grade :]
RT : Hey captcha creators, stop calling them "words" those are not words. They're random combobulations of letters which hurt my eyes.
Your a great poet as well Bon! Did you get the email I sent? Let me know what you think ok :D
I used to subscribe to but stopped after a few months. The great thing about is that their stuff is free!
i skipped the dying part & went right to the deviled eggs
oh really? What you coming down for?
Had to reference copyright law today. Felt good. Thanks Randy!
ha ha love it
check out the link...
I believe that any team that does its best is a winner. -Mike Krzyzewski
: just don't blow a vein from excitement.// too late! :)
My wife doesn’t understand that anything I said 6months ago is inadmissible in an argument.In fact,all comments become null&void after 7days
Ugh i knew when i moved up here that i was gonna see a bunch of people i knew<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
A couple of hours on the casino floor and I feel like I've swallowed several lit cigarettes. Sorta ready for a smoke-free environment
omfg no you don't
Dude's recounting happenings @ Smithsonian: "25+ protesters pepper sprayed" at Air & Space. Saw tweet CNN might cover (?).
My boss was humming "if I only had a brain" today. Took all I had not to bust out laughing and agree!
Which one of you comics want to write an article for the site?
Back in NYC
He wasn't before!! I met him when he WASN'T famous. Diva.
Most of the people that cover songs on youtube are better than half the people on the radio..
sounds fun and fab to me!
Pumpkin Carving tonight at 9ish. judging around 11pm... dress warm as the gutting happens outside.
Wats twitter jail
Indigo Girls concert tonight with my 15 year old dd, motion hearing in the morning. Good thing I didn't lose my voice.
That's true.
Everything will make sense
Bets on who's out on idol tonight? chiquita banana miss joy or oil rig boy
$250M (valuation) / 3 million users (pulled both figures from news reports) (haha )
apologize for the delay, we've super busy baking CAKE :-) I promise to shoot you an email tomorrow - Graham.
The Isthmus Beer and Cheese Fest happening today at Alliant Energy Center-Exhibition Hall until 6 p.m. Don't miss it!
Thanks for Re-Tweeting!
what happen if I got Basic in Biology? Do I have to retake it or just move on to Chemistry??
Thanks for the follow, Ciara!
Hey Austin is there a chance you could follow me plz? I love you and your voice,etc lol
may I suggest "Alex P. Keaton"?
don't forget to set up a password or your neighbors will have free Internet
Superhumans Are Real! Shaolin monks can do weird stuff
RT": How are you going to make your mark on the world? Start with your passion and your values and let them lead you."/True!
Maybe it's pricing that appeals to women...that said, I know where I'm off to on lunch break...
With snack nests, it's true. Please do not ever look at the rest of our lives or decisions.
Would like to chat with you about your efforts in the AA community if you have a second...I am the CDO for Baltimore City
3:15 wake up call...totally worth it for this weekend.
Love is like a thief with a knife, you never know when it's going to hit you.
I didn't like it
I need to shower NOW! get out of the bathroom!
Let's ride some fucking bike!!
"Get in my belly!!!" What do you think of pairings so far?
the best:)
Well.....looks like I have a long night ahead of me. First of many that'll happen in the next three weeks.
changing pitch without stretching time in as3, anyone ?
Follow me on instagram.
Tons of work to do and all I can think about is baking cakes. It MUST be the last day of class.
#Shelley for Heisman.
am watching an MJ doco. so so talented but a strange and disturbed man.
Ron Paul wins Idaho Straw Poll!
so wild dude! I thought I was just dizzy or something for a second
“: catch you on the flip side mothafuckaaa!!;D”
Celebrate 4th of July Sunday night at Diva with DJ Kris Graham
I tailgate with beer and flip flops
S/O and Happy Birthday to my fellow SilverSpring Spartan Alum
You're very welcome! Hope you both had a great weekend!
Do Tax Resolution Firms Really “Negotiate” to Lower Your IRS Debt? You’ve seen the TV commercials so many times! Tax resolution firm
Could you repeat that?
First line 192 of wp-settings registers the root theme directory. Almost always "wp-content/themes".
everything you are thinking of I had a cart full of
#schematics is just that new word...like a 3 syllabled
THANK YOU for making me laugh so hard! It's amazing how bad that stuff stinks!!
Was Shawn Johnson ever planning on competing at U.S. Classics next week? Am I off in thinking that she was supposed to compete there?
#ItsAmazingHow My neighbor like underage teenage girls, yet, his favorite shows are "To catch a predator" & "Law & Order: SVU." Not kidding.
I absolutely love Rios going to RF! He's such a better hitter when he's not trying to pull everything!
but but but... yea likely the best option, im rarely ever able to do opening days anymore anyway
aww...thanks! the love of place is a powerful thing
Anyone who gives credibility to Tom Brady "choking" or tarnishing his legacy has lost their mind. Big picture people.
dont wanna give in so we both gave up
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 67
My illustration grad class did this! But half forgot to include pips, so it's quite unusable. More like coolest yearbook ever.
TEXAN need to win this one if they tryin to make it to the top.
Sorry about the #Phish setlist feed last night.
The Actors' Lounge is going down Wednesday Night at 8:30! $5 admission at the door.
BRING OUT THE #ROLLRUS, IT'S SAVE TIME.
With Thanksgiving only a few short days away, what are you most thankful for this year?
: I love @ Nickasaur <3 his music makes my heart sing :3
Another new acting role! I'll be playing Amber, a pizzeria waitress, in Jannick Gluck's "The Map to My World" shooting next weekend.
“: Ashamed you should be to the people who are saying frazier has passed.joe fraziers agent says its not true.”
fuck bill o'riley
#BrewCityStompDown2012 tickets will be sold in the atrium of the UWM union 6-7pm today. $25.08 cash only
he hands out wth everyone in his grade btw!!!!!
So, I am crazy about my dp, it's fucking beautiful, ain't it?^^
Clippers couldn't of made this incredible of a comeback to lose. Lets do this clips
and me you jerkk
What a good day chicken teriyaki and a new deck <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
BMSPF BUY ALERT PLAYERS$$$$ RUMOR MILL$$$$$$LOTS OF BUZZ GET ON IT BEFORE EOD .12 TARGETED
GO Steelers! lol
With a chance of grapple. : Is it windy? ": This weather can literally blow me"
I love it...I wanted to get together hut I been so busy
Dye the whole thing a different color! Okay, maybe that's not the first option.
Bulimia can be exhausting. I have to take one full day off every week where I actually injest food
Our online menus have been updated for #SB46. Please note that we are not offering lunch specials this week in order provide faster service.
How much should I worry about Strasburg's IP limit? Just got offered Grandy for him ...think I'm gonna take that.
how are you?
Woman sitting in front of me...no need to apply your perfume like Agent Orange...but it is killing me!!!
He better not bail on me !
how much does Disney influence the growth of Orlando?
hate you for getting to see that :(
which tweet-up are u talking about?
Looking forward to seeing a packed Gesa Stadium tomorrow night for Cougar Baseball!
and oh I am on instagram too photographing all my meals for #veganmay. We could start a movement!
NHS essay was the biggest BS I've ever written.
Ugh im so exhausted in so many ways. :/
someone else got caught again???
Thx, posted late last night that everyone I know seems to be on Twitter (and no where else), so I'm giving it a second shot.
bringing new meaning to the jingle 'hold the pickle, hold the lettuce...'
Thanks for the mention. Happy 2012!
watching the russian rolletes vs. maiden milwaukee! Oiy!
$6 blended Swirl Margaritas to celebrate this gorgeous day!!!
Ya think? RT : #Aries get irritated by people who can't see their point of view.
watching idol and it's showing San Diego. makes me miss
I have a fever. And no one's here to look after me! Waaaaaahhhhh! *demands sympathy *
Thanks for showing others how well we're tracking mobile devices!
what's up?
hey carrie, thanks - but where did you find that link?
#YOLO #FISH same thing
A bit annoyed by ... I ordered a falsely advertised wool coat.
Life is a lot better if you just smile, even in the worst times.
One mud run down, one more to go!!!! here we come <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
I LOVE THIS GAME --GO STEELERS!!!
just waiting for midnight. :)
Great season guys!! Congrats on making it to the finals 2 years in a row.
Seems someone stole our garbage can (which was full) while we were out of town last week. Hope they are enjoying all the dirty diapers!
still laughing
no it isnt... and i lost anyway !! good race though !
Did anyone hear that fucking thunder last night?
Ordered new cd!! The ultimite guilty package ^_^cant wait
Today I made a cookie cake to celebrates sam bday earlybefore he leaves for camp
So pretty! You and Thai food definitely have got a romance going... ;)
Super Tuesday in SF! Registration open for Fogtown, Gold Rush, Golden Gate, Redwoods and Yerba Buena Leagues!...
Aloe blacc live on BBC radio 1 is blowing my mind right now
RT : Steven Tyler is there and they didn't get him to sing the anthem.
I hate Facebook... can we go back to MySpace yet?
coming down to Philly for a phillies game next month. any recommendations on where to sit??
Dancing > Standing Around Playing Beer Pong.
If anyone needs any web design help our design students are looking for projects. Itll be free and good quality.
#Ratchetness SMH “: Why does oomf keep asking me to pay for her boob job?!! lol”
Sittin front and center at comedy works! Good stuff
@ This lame skool Garner High just to c this nigga wow
im dern bad
weird Charlie was supposed to be at the premiere tonight too!
Agreed. RT Admittedly, I'm no economist, but I don't see any way that #RTW spurs more economic dev't than mass transit.
almost five p.m. & i'm getting ready to leave the house for the first time today :)
i hate getting the fun out of things when they are so far away.
Off to do homework.
Alright, let's see what "Yesterday" is worth.
You're Killing ME~!! Lets meet up either here in LA or back in NY if you get out there soon. cc
Do you think Cuomo feels left out of that Christie/Booker thing
We're excited that today kicks off the first day of a month of #springtraining! Anyone going to be enjoying some games in March?
Grind hard and just live fast
"The Picture of Dorian Grey" by Oscar Wilde was my first public domain ebook download.
S/O 2 shes so pretty go follow her for me (:
I always feel like a retard when i try to order indian food.
Thanks for the follow! Happy Holidays!
where? my official title is instructional technology librarian, so that could be good :)
The Clinic On Holly...1st Place Sativa...Stardawg Guava!!!
RT : I can't wait to see Kenny Loggins!
Thanks!! I appreciate ya!
Love it! RT : Look at the students on your left and right, It's our goal to make sure all three of you graduate. -Dr. Hrabowski
Hope you had a great ride!
Take 'em to school RT : group guys I play with a/b 10 yrs younger than me. Try to clown a/b my ankle braces & pregame warmups
awe thanks Madison :)
hot damn
#buddytheelf what's your favorite color? Lol good night!
Sat. 4/7 we're hosting our 3rd Annual A Youthfield Day Picnic on Haulover Beach @ 12 noon, fundraising to purchase youth members t-shirts.
For a moment, you made the world stand still. Yeah, We Owned The Night.
...which is probably why retweeted it .In spite of all this we very much support your efforts ! ;-))
"When words leave off, music begins." -- Heinrich Heine
pretty good! and you?
Got out of class fucking early today and now I have nothing to do
I can't do another program. Just no.
Been jammin for about 5 hours now, 2 different projects. Getting it in.
where are you these days?
A good leader inspires people to have confidence in the leader, a great leader inspires people to have confidence in themselves.
Good thing "Velocity Engine" is no longer on the table.
Thanks. Heading to the pre-Gala party right about now...
Spring is nature's way of saying, "Let's party!"
I think around here they throw in a hot dog and call it a garbage plate. Your name is better.
This is going to be a seriously long day of travelling. Gotta head back East
Exert your talents, and distinguish yourself, and don't think of retiring from the world, until the world will be sorry that you retire. ~Sa
I'm too perfect for anyone to handle. #ReasonsThatImSingle ok
Eatin #food /w ;D
I don't know. My address is 1608 H Street and my phone is 202-725-1041. My internet has been very unreliable lately. Up/down
New icon cause went all caps on my instagram.. :)
Off to show our Ethiopia visitor the beauty of the Oregon coast & cannon beach.Great time past 2days w/ families who adopted from Ethiopia
he meant Emeril......
She's 8, a 3rd grader. The best thing I have ever helped design.
Collection acquisition based on usage (225K)
Get rid of that old acoustic ceiling, then add some crown moulding.At Mr.D's we can do both and chances are you can get the crown for free !
Whenever you're sick ima call you A-SNEEZY lol.
Vince Gill giveaway? Grab our easy to use shell and create it even quicker!
Thanks and for the RT!
Awesome game by the Tribe last night. Nothing more thrilling than seeing the bats come alive and giving Boston a pounding.
RNG BETTER STAY...
"A warm smile is the universal language of kindness." ~William Arthur Ward
Baltimore City MVA's hours stink. New title? Must go on a weekday.
or you guys can come to the dark side: Broward
The winning 100m dash time at the US outdoor championship was 10.04.... shoulda jumped in that race
i think #sportingkc should draft a christian missionary with minimal soccer skills in the first round....for obvious reasons....
You said it's too late to make it, but is it too late to try?
Thanks for the S/O! RT Thanks for the follow! PS..if you're not following this guy, you should be!
Still time to get your deal for the pub crawl! We are at right now!
Great table reading today. Future looks bright!
the times have changed, now throw being jealous in the mix and now all I know of you is a name.
wow! What's wrong friend! U illn!
Check out: PS: I still feel a little like an old man using Twitter/not sure if I'm using it "right". Hah!
whats up man?
#ItsAGirlThing when she needs her boyfriend to hold at night #ItsAGirlThing when she misses you every second-
Sign up for an appointment with our Job and Career Resource Assistance Center! Need help finding a job or building your resume? Let us help!
you can't judge a band by only listening to one song..
I am being mad lazy right now...but I gotta finish this packing...ugh
Make sure you follow us so you can have a chance at winning FREE gym pass to our club and spa services! Starting 10/24/11
Thanks Sid! xo
Thanks yo. Nothing I'd rather be doing right now than studying for our goddamn Spanish exam
Stop by Maui Mall tonight at 6:30 p.m., Maui Taiko Group will perform! We'll also have our hula show with Dance Int'l at 1pm on Sat!
ah spilanthes... love and hate.
orioles got to find a lf if reimold out long with injury..this guy chavez is a stiff
please follow me!!!!!
Sometimes I feel like the parent with my mom
I was in the studio, Just came home! Now, im on my way to the Gym, high traffic in downtown! #Workout time!
Need a laugh??? Why don't Tigger and Piglet have friends in 100 Acre woods?
I defy gravity
i don't talk to her much anymore!
"7 Powerful Lessons I learned From Zig Ziglar" via Don't always agree with ZZ, but these are gold ~...
I thought we were past all of the "I am an expert" thing....
? for '11: how will ball travel in new TD Ameritrade Park? Could it be a Pitchers' park? Ball jumped in the Blatt!!
Time to get my yoga on. 6 days in a row! Yay!
RT I honestly feel terrible for the traveling Cauldron." what? Don't we will follow where ever they go. Bottom or the top!
Loved your dress.
Think its time for some allergy shots
#there are ppl tht have everythin in their life&;but there are ppl that dont even get a hand to help them}*
If they put me in the corner I swear...haha, let the night of interruptions begin! LOL.
Watching: Bus Stop (1956), need a little time with Marilyn Monroe...
school will be the end of me! AH
Nice! I've read some of good coverage of
" there's a dollar on the floor " me : girl let me out of the car ... We are no better then this lmao
i have the best friends in the whole wide world <U+2665>
Happy #writerwednesday! How early in the day do you start your creative process? Early riser ; nightowl?
i am trying to find a low-cost/no-cost vacation option for the first week of September. Suggestions?
So I'm going to end up buying a one time license for FotR.
This lil white girl is mocking me and my sister
Fish runs using papers of operator of plane that burned Paranaque school, killing 14
Just followed on #Instagram .. sexy dog.
hahhahahaha. if only he knew.
Calipari on the setting: "By not having fans, it wasn’t what it could’ve been, but they just didn’t know what would happen."
fair enough... When will we find out?
James Thurber~ All human beings should try to learn before they die what they are running from and to and why.
People are talking about an earthquake about 8:40 a.m. this morning! Did you feel it?
100 mill will do that.
Many thanks Jase! See y at VMworld!
Look with your eyes. See with your heart.
Up early in the studio:We grinding how bout yall???
I hope you do!
Good for you!!!
Thanks for the #FF mention!
Beautiful Fall weekend in South Texas & the hill country. Enjoy some Live Music this weekend!
you'd think the commercials on #MadMen would be better, out of respect for the art form.
I'm Out G.F.B. Damage Mode 414.Its Problems Bitch.
May 15,1952: #Churchill "We are reaping where others [Labour] sowed. Soon we shall reap our own crop."
St James in Cimarron NM? Supposedly it's just the 19th C part of the hotel.
(emphasizes the limits of epistemological & methodological explanations based in deterministic mechanics & urges scientists to read poems..)
you will get kissed by billy to someday , so dont be jealous !
Just finished my morning sessions now off to class. Than eat than some training sessions.
wow totally just spelled Heidi's twitter name wrong! Lol
Just beacuse it's called "Summer Break" don't mean you can't grind. Work Ethic is required if you really want to shine - Legacy
I'm always solo dolo though. Most people are conniving. That's why remain to myself most of the time.
I know, thankfully it wasn't TOO too much and no one was hurt. And the response from the public has been great.
you too! <3
play your part , and we will never have to part .
Thanks! Now, on to all the research I've neglected during the semester...
Its takin a nap after morning class tuesday
Drunkenness is temporary suicide - Bertrand Russell.
Waiting in line for Harry Potter!!!!!!!!!
In the Studio, again, working on some new stuff! HOUSE mix will be released tomorrow, STAY TUNED!
Always hearing new things " I saw what he did with the charity Its great""His god at soccer too!""that perfume smells good"
Where at??RT EVERYBODY gettin fucked up for my bday...I'm havin a lock in....one way in, no way out ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Finding building 6
In all fairness I would've said the same thing he did.
#Giro live video coverage starts just after Arezzo; the roads I know are every one before that, unfortunately.
TTYL (Read my last tweet)<U+2661>
There's a price to pay for everything you gain.
"You've seen me dance. Now watch me fornicate."
well let me know the dates and ill do my best to be there (:
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer.
Designing your own website is fun yet tedious! Should be up and running by this weekend! And my blog :)
RT - Love The #Browns #Cavs #Monsters! Hate the Cleveland Indians! Go Yankees! My credits are counting on you.
Good game already.
Hi Happy Friday. Thanks for the mention. :)
your son is 15???? he grew up fast since last I saw him
I'm coming up on Thursday! Will you be around?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
curling up with battlestar galactica for valentines night. this is not code as much as i wish it were.
this is fabulous!
would you prefer rain or snow?
I voted for 400 times and I also voted for 400 times... score :)
follow me I follow back
i'm used to it. also, that union game was not my fault. ask anyone.
thnx for the cell phone information. We are collecting old cell phones & all locations
IM FOLLOWING YOU , INSTEAD OF FOLLOWING ME FOLLOW -
Yes our PD today was not required because we do not report back until the 17th all but 2 teachers attended
The waiters are now arguing about how to speak proper spanish.
Prop bet on Bobcats w/Davis making playoffs within 3 years?
"I would have kept Favre instead of Rodgers" - Skip Bayless
- Nope, no previous husbands! After i hit send this morning and re-read what I wrote I thought the same thing.
The First day of school has begun for some student athletes. Education is knowledge, and knowledge is power
Oil spill and spilled sour milk on the 100 Block of Randolph Place NW; dispatching shortly to investigate
Tell me about it, I couldn't stop looking though.
"Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong"
GOOD Morning!!! Its Friday!!!!
The last wal mart run of college.
Big decisions dont seem that serious untill you the one left deciding :(
What'd you get? ;)
“: #HappyEaster everyone.” Thanks! You too!!
Second that! RT : Also and PS? Boingo I don't like you very much.
Thanks for the feedback, but I'm thinking Octopus!!!!!!!!
That awkward moment when you want to go bra shopping, but you're a guy.
No, I just step in dog shit and track it into your car. Happy Birthday!
": Sounds intersting! The conference explores experimental writing & its many, varying communities."
S/o to the Fam for last nights shoot!!
its for a music company shoots Monday- pool party set-and that's all the info so far <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>. new Baghaus video @ naked native TV
Don't think about what the world wants; consider what makes you come alive.
there's a bowling class there?
follow me back i was sending u my info lol
Headed to Grosse Pointe for DePaul University alumni event. Strange to be so far east.
Closing out Madden 13 Community Day with and Good productive week, excited for June 4th E3 Chatter
No. PAHAHHAHAHAAHAA. I'ma make u suffer
What a week! I had such a great BIRTHDAY celebration. Thanks to all my best friends, very special guests, and family members. Thank you!
she's been knocked over the head and dragged there
is quoting in "who will remember your name" ? We ask donors this during philanthropic planning
the sunset reminded me that the world is a wonderful place bigger than the madness of the day my eyes close and I dream of joy
5 more days.
I hate it when i want to talk to someone & they dont text me or call me >.<'
Dear person hacking , stop. You're rude and obviously have nothing better to do. Wow, you're so immature.
How bout !MEEKIE C.!
lol love ya!!
Abundance can be a good thing, but it's relative. Today we have as many opportunities to be happy as we ever will.
Helicopters don't fly; they vibrate so much and make so much noise that the earth rejects them.
#ireallywant Monica, that's my baby
Derange Your Senses. Wildly COnfound Them. Take Them To Applebee's And Tell Them They Are PRetty But Never Call Them Back
said he danced just for me tonight. Omgomgomgomg <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Oh, and I can so see my Ben and Jerrys sitting in my new freezer
50 cents/hole! RT : Did you see the deal today? $18 for 18 holes for two! That's a good deal!
So cute! My daughters are the same way.
Learning about pianos on a Saturday morning!! How are you spending your Saturday morning?!?!
Bored and not feeling
Video chatting with my brother . It's his birthday !
lol pudding lips but love yu to sweet cheeks lol
I like it when people solve problems I did know existed..
Thank you for following me!!!! Another good one to follow is
jams RT : "It might sound crazy but it ain't no lie baby bye bye bye."
of course any sport
Out with my brother
“: Happy 100th birthday!” -- Thank You! Our partnership helps build girls of courage, confidence, & character.
I earned my money today..lol
No prob! Need us to bring a stack in or did you grab some? “: thank you for the rad write-up in the stream!”
Gun Shot , Fire Burns , Marilyn Monroe, Forever Young, Beez in the Trap my favorite !! Wait wat am I doing ; the whole album fire !!
Former teen idol Devon Sawa (Wild America & Final Destination) turns 33 today.
i don't think our future is bright then :/ most of the orders should begin arriving to people on friday at the earliest
Hang Loose
If anyone wants to bring me an almond croissant in bed, I'll love you forever. :)
haha not me...... I speak it fluently but my Mexican words kinda get scrambled in my English
this stupid little man playing chicken w me cause I passed him on
I did my duty & ate choco chips. RT : National Chocolate Chip Day celebrates & enjoys chocolate chips.
Big week: met w , got editing going from PT, saw speak at Ignite. Spent!
Bitches is mad
How much more consternation when they realize that this interpretation has held sway in the 9th Cir. for years?
Thanks to all my new #followers! Hoping to tweet things of interest for #genealogy community. Care & handling of materials questions? Ask!
when you start living your passion every day is school. 24/7.
I know. So young. I think people will be surprised as they hear all the things he did during his short lifetime.
Sad to hear Patrice O'Neal has passed away. Extremely funny. Too young.
A youngin full of pride with intentions of a G
“Diversity may be the hardest thing for a society to live with, and perhaps the most dangerous thing for a society to be without.”...
In Santa Clarita for my brother's soccer game.. Its hot already
Will be attending the Digital Signage & KioskCom conventions at Mandalay Bay this week.
Driving in the rain in DC, MD, or VA is a big joke!!!!!!!!! It's not ICE people;)
My guess is it doesn't have that 'warming effect' either. That would make it more pleasurable for everyone.
Just considered mugging a hipster in tight jeans, for the 12-pack of lonestar and a bag of Doritos he was carrying.
Austin! Will you ever notice me?! D: Please follow me <3
Excited to hang out with tonight to talk web goodness and catch up!
It is a great shame that "The News of the World" has had to close, the paper has been around forever. The actions of a few have cost dearly
Saying a prayer for all the families that lost there home in Texas in the fires.
Can you follow me so I can send you a direct message? Thanks!
Why isn't everyone watching Fringe so creative and excellent tv
Or does it actually increase the value of the parts of an index that enable semantic engagement with the book (not just Noun searches)?
Thanks for the retweet, Mary! Love your blog and the beautiful photographs!
We will be at the Blue Note Lounge tonight with Lost in Society and American Pinup. See you there.
Not the way you wanted to get on the map, but you're on the map!
I ordered a sazerac tonight. I bet would be proud!
easy weight loss trick. Add boiling water to oat bran, stir let sit 5 minutes & strain. Drink oatmeal H20 warm or cold. Filling excellent 4u
great documentary!! Their live at Wembly show rocks!!!
Keep dimming automatically, laptop screen. We love that.
um..yeah I think so. Thought he was an innocent, shy child..
jersey shore!
We love this :)
So did I!! But tonight on #girls they definitely referenced it. We missed that plot point big time.
Thanks for good wishes. Have a great week!
please know that your sweet tweets helped me get through the day."
Your just a boy ; u just dont understand
With a new consumer confidence report out, we thought we’d get your take. How confidently have you saved and/or spent this holiday season?
So excited to be taking my boys to today. Its the park I went to all the time as a kid and now they get to experience it.
yet again I descend into the valley of zombies...armed only with my wit and good looks, hoping to connect with non-zombies
haha same, but it's gotta happen every now and again, there's a lot of pressure on him right now so it's understandable
Audience impressed by the physicality of the show #SUinNYCTheater Tracie says she relies on muscle memory and her dance training
She's overboard, self-assured..
If you advertise your vacancy, don't have it all lead to your phone line. Direct everything to your listing website.
Go #TeamAlton this challenge is in the bag for you!
Sam Adams Winter Lager is now on tap. Come by and have one!
“ I got niggas from Florida to new mexico”
Need the perfect last minute gift for that special someone in your life?! ALL-INCLUSIVE Big Night tickets are a sure win !!
yes go to frontier they have sides
How you can get the good butterflies & the bad butterflies from the same person <<<
thanks for checking it out Sarah! You rule!
When planning events, remember, nothing HAS to be ordinary, their are ways to maneuver in all settings! Put your stamp on all you do!
Just heard about a study that working 11 hours a day can kill you. good thing im workin 11 the next 10 days.
What do you get when you add #bountygate and #spygate? The New Orleans #Saints!
Congratulations to of !!! This year's #2011SCOREAWARDS Lou Campinelli award winner
Did you already fill the spot to follow? I'm sure, but just asking :-)
oops, that last tweet was for someone else...
Music trade group IFPI has found a way to shut down piratical websites—it wants to curtail their ability to accept major credit cards.
First thing Adam said to Eve: "No you do not look fat in your leaf." - Ryan Styles
Looking for a portrait photographer in Manchester, NH. Anyone have recommendations?
Happy Thanksgiving! #TurkeyTip If frying turkey place your bird in the pot and then fill pot with oil to avoid spillage of hot oil
NM Telegram blogger and The Morning Word columnist is a panelist on The Line tomorrow. What's his take on #Wiener ?
u seriously wna get hit ? Lol
Text RED CROSS to 90999 to donate $10 for Japan disaster relief.
Omg I had no idea peanut butter with chocolate chips existed. Genius. Why didnt anyone tell me earlier?!?!
Too many emotions going on right now. I want to explode. I need to pray and dance.
Hey Babe! :) Okay so you might be a couple years apart BUT WE ARE still date able! ;)
don't give value to an ignorant stereotype. just do you.
To top it off...on my white pants :-/
You are right, thanks for the info. that was a great clip!
lmao! Dale we ready!
#OOMF doesn't know what she just did. :D
In a Westwood highrise having a planking contest with
I should probably write a review of A Single Man before I forget lots of stuff about it...
#everydayithinkabout dropping out of school and becoming a hobo or joining the peace corps whichever comes first :P
Special thanks to !
Hire the Qualified Staffs Only. Know what you want from your workers
Bride Maids , is a HILARIOUS Movie !!! XD.
alright I'm trying to get in contact with Jeremy. This would help out so much man
DID YOU EVER WONDER... What came first, the fruit or the color orange?
In dreams I prowl Through streets and dark corridors Stalking my sweet prey.
Great victory for the Lakers! Still not convince since it's a back to back night for Detroit. Tomorrow LA vs Phoenix!
cleaning my room ugh i need to study for my AP test tomorrow :(
Looking forward to the '90s. I'm against the '80s, needless to say
Either Way You Gone Be Cute!! But i Prefer The Short Hair On You!
can I just say you are so great in king of queens I watch every night on tv land with my gf before bed
New Chant to cops~ We are Human what are you? That was used in the UK recently.
Thanks to and for the follows today and to for the RT. Have a great weekend everyone!
rickie fowler is my man. #inlove #champ!
Thank you for your support Sylvia Gomez. I appreciate it.
Inquisitiveness and strength make me want to rise above my valley-bound brothers. I must reach the summit to see the truth.
Wow, what's the conference? I'll check w/the ladies :-(
Holy.....shit, that was far.
OKAY GOOGLE WE GET IT!!!
that sounds great, anything to promote learning Chinese!
Stuck in a moment with you.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOMS! A SPECIAL MOTHER'S DAY TO MY PERSONAL ANGEL IN HEAVEN, MY MOMMY. MAY YOU CONTINUE TO R.I.P.
Watching The Sandlot (:
Finally after much boycott I caved and joined Twitter... mainly just to follow certain peeps in the industry
Happy Monday! Don't let the bad weather scare you away, we have wonderful lunch specials including an Oyster Po' Boy Sandwich for $12.95!
Good luck to the '96 Ladies of in the Nevada State Cup Final! Dare to be different. Rise above. Create a legacy!
Pacers and Cubbies on at the same time, lots of channel jumping goin on!
U could do anything right now on the streets..the police in to something
Baltimore was insanely wonderful as always. The greatest city in the world. You should definitely visit if you get a chance.
Let your lights welcome you home. With a lighting system, you can press a button and your interior/exterior lights turn on as you arrive
A parent from #Educare Kansas City talked about how the school helps her 3-yr-old daughter learn.
It's a shame. I really enjoy watching Duffy throw. Great stuff.
nothing else to do. Might as well tweet
Attending #5tools webinar by I'm sure it will be as awesome as ever.
i wanna wear shorts to school!! -___-
- OINK FLAP OINK FLAP - Well I'll be darned!
"Without music, life would be a mistake." - Friedrich Nietzsche
I still dont think texting and flirting is cheating.... still AMAZIN!!!!!!!!
Why is November the month to give thanks? Thank someone today and everyday. It will be appreciated. Thanks for all you do!
Its almost time for to go to jail!!! Help BAIL her out to HELP raise money for MDA! She is at $800 and needs to $2.4k!
if u only have love for your own race, u only leave space to discriminate, and to discriminate only generates hate, u bound to get irate
Don’t miss Pastoral’s monthly wine tasting event tomorrow at Come enjoy a free sampling of artisan wines.
Can you DM your email and I'll work with you to get your account set up?
it's not that early lol
have you tried drinking olive oil?! I know what your gunna say "Eww!" But eww is right, I drank some olive oil. It makes your throat smooth
LeBron with a big shot, in the last minute.
Harsco Corporation Reports First Quarter 2012 Results From Operations
#5thingsaboutme 5. I rarely Cry. Not even if I'm really hurt or in Pain. But sometimes I Break Down. And it's Bad.
I wrote a song it's called This is my life ... I'm gonna make a video of me singing it and put it on Yayy!
Oh hell yeah! RT : Interesting thought... "Legislative deadlock is favorable to legislative impulsiveness." Will Morrisey.
No, I downloaded the trial and then put in that came from adobe licensing
Please help me find molly?
Thanks :) How are things at Rafter?
Today is my 21st birthday i was wondering if you guys could tweet me
Chipped my tooth today playing marco polo #sillyme!
It's cold tonight
g'day hero Eddy sire; been many moons as my fleet reconditioning biz has been doubling ea 6mos since Jan 2011! ;]]
We're able to celebrate 20 years because of viewers like you. Thank you for watching!
Back to class and Happy Chinese New Year!
My camera has been on hiatus too long...and this herbal cleanse has my palate aching for delightful food...
Damn I knew I was out of shape, but the way I feel after that run....MAN I'm more out of shape then i thought smh
I see a difference - keep it up
Dark Knight Rises trailer before #Avengers? #nerdgasm. Very thankful for 1am showtimes!
Something #Simple? That one person that makes you smile...
lol Yes please don't leave me haha
Thursday. The day before Friday.
They should have never pentalized John Barnes, I know he is a hot head, but he has supported the Series since they were called the IRL.
so i wanna go out on n date
Do you think Global Warming caused by Green House gases exists? I dont! Read up www.icraigery.com Tell me what you think!
Happy New Year !!
dude i like your shirt!
Me John, Big Tree.
Funniest Loiter Squad episode yet
OK i will let you know. Thanks again for the invitation! :D
Suffering from pre-puppet show nerves. You know, like kids have well-developed abilities to critique.
#TheTakingofPelham123 this movie is intense!!!!
didja have to wake him?
Agreed. It should be an item on the Letter of Intent.
Very inspiring seminar today with Graeme Edwards! Now taking a limo to for pres team diner!
I love tv dont you?
Buffalo treats for little Bettses.
basketball play was good, it's hurting now.
Folks from Infineta were sorry to have missed you at Interop. Still interested in a chat now that you're back?
lol so funny
we try!
I have 99 in my top ten for good faith. I want him to do well so badly. But he won't.
I have nothing to do this weekend. I live in this huge city and can't find anything to do. Tragic :(
I switched to the new TIMELINE! Pretty cool stuff....check it out! : )
(: you're so attractive&amazing!
they killed it. Kudos.
Thank you SO much! We'd love to connect w/ you. Please send us your email in a DM so we can chat at length about opportunities.
Great! Glad to hear it :-)
it needs more brass.
Winner! The Real Spango is our winner for tonights trivia. Great Job! Send a message here with your info & Design Choice
2yo (refusing to sleep) wouldn't dance at all to MC Hammer earlier, but now he's currently rocking out to A Tribe Called Quest
then say hi to the #qauri flight attendant lol
I am already feigning for a Persephone Can brunch start right now, please?
Your mama's fried chicken is always the 'best.' Sounds like a Good day! (:
Pacers up three after one quarter of play. Tyler Hansbrough knocks down two outside jumpers.
HAPPY NEW YEAR'S - What do you plan in 2012?????
extremely confused and upset. no love has been given to me in a long time. feeling very used and unappreciated. love to you all, though.
#gocubsgo #gocubsgo, hey Chicago whatta you say #Cubs are gonna win today.
lol everyone said that i was busy upstairs and im mad cause i didn't know the short dude & jamacain was in there
MT The economics of jazz often means that the gigs function as a big part of the rehearsals
hit ya up later to see where you are. I'm on an agenda tonight. That party is good BTW.
Mulled wine and chocolate cherry liquers. Yum.
after seeing the long ash I think it is a Nadi.
Awee I'm really not but thank you!(:<3
See you today at the fair at Temple.
Great brainstorming, great new coaches coming up! Now, hello weekend.
Right. RT : People who say right every other word bother me. right?
Happy day
that sounds like a baller shot-caller idea!!!!
A lot more casual golf fans can pronounce Oosthuizen now: double eagle on 2 to take #Masters lead at -10
Doing homework instead of bar trivia tonight. #FirstWorldProblem MBA edition achievement unlocked!!
Don't you dare, for one more second, surround yourself with people who are not aware of the greatness that you are. Believe in yourself!
; i will :) come over after work , so we can do more of those workouts .
What Happen At The Concert ?
Walking home from work today. Perfect weather for a 30 minute stroll by the SW Waterfront.
When a brain is washed its simply cleaned. What happens after that is the twist.
I'm done w chill time in the hotel. Just a few days left...time to make every single solitary moment count...& COUNT BEAUTIFULLY!
Thank you for the mention!
That awkward moment where you should just shut the fuck up! >:D you are my idol<333
I believe in the death penalty
7:09am Waiting for you to sleep well...
cause we're sexC
Time to rewrite the game recap...perhaps
I'm going to see X and The Avengers at a museum. See that?...Music *is* art!
please follow me I love you so, muccchhh
Love how my fam drag me out of my room only to shoo me back in when they hear I'm studying for finals lol
hahahaha!!!! Omg! That literally made me LOL!
#teamfollowback :D just Four more people! <3333
Good morning everyone
good luck at FIU! We know you'll do great things! :)
Im not asian
TEACHERS: special project coming up that'll send ur students to the library? Let us know; we'll reserve books so all may have access.
I have the same question. The errors are really distracting to me, and it's usually something that's easily fixable. Sad.
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.- James Dean
lost my cousin in sept. She was 27 and 6 months pregnant, complications frm CF. Aunt&uncle hav alot of faith only thng that
I know
lol it's ok.. Me either.
Beliebers Turn To Justin
We are working on something for late July, where would you like us to come?
kingdom mentality?
Kelly Elementary Shooter found guilty of attempted murder (verdict still being read... More counts to come)
Soo much on my mind its painful ..
MT : Digital media professionals need to insert ourselves into planning/exhibition/budget mtgs as early as poss.
sending you a card. :)
yooooooo whats up bro can we get in!!!!
How's your business looking to your customers? Got Paint? We do. Give us a call for a free estimate 210-403-3232.
I Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President, call for the full resignation of Barack Obamo as President of the USA!!!!
: Thanks, one day soon your statement will be really true!
Make your pregame and after show party here at the Beer Garden. We have happy hour all night!!
he is the best basketball player on earth! But I think Durant should have got it this year or atleast co MVP with LEBRON
! Bar Fly Thursdays hosted by & Always a good time. Go C's!
Tomorrow night (Tues) - Meet a survivor of Rwanda and a survivor of the Holocaust at "Survivor Soulmates" @ XU Bellarmine Chapel - 7:00 p.m.
RT : Hoping to move away from vendor-based prefixes, like -Starbucks- & -Peets- for a more standard Vanilla Chai Latte experience.
THE ALCOHOL YOU CONSUME THE MORE THIAMINE YOU KILL WITHIN YOUR SYSTEM WHICH IN TURN STIFFLES HAIR GROWTH AND CAUSE THINNING OF THE HAIR..
RT : God bless u in all that u do!!! I heard your song n liked it!!! Keep up the good work!!! <=thanks! Thats love
because you know...I always talk to the radio? Anyway, hearing my name sure woke me up.
Reminder: The Eric Jacobson Quintet: Una noche romántica de boleros tonight @ 7:30 pm. Via Downer providing appetizers. Buy tickets at door.
Busy means more $$$.
you the second person that asked if they can pay me in gum this week.
status check
Wait....what prize? Did I win something? I'm confused haha
Anything worth having requires patience. The longer you have to wait the better it'll be.
had a great sponsors breakfast with this morning. Looking forward to Fastest Growing Private 100!
should of been did that
#youandtequilamakemecrazy is making me crazy right now!! Obsessed.
Heading out to Buffalo and Broadway for the lunch shift. You hungry yet?
WON TALENT SHOW!!:)
Hehe a flagget is a flag spinner for marching bands ;P
YES I FOLLOW YOU! (:
My son listens to there music. Kind of like B2K for 2011
spencer shutup. when are we gonna scrimmage
I don't know. Maybe that's a little harsh. And here I am talking to myself on twitter. Yeah, that's how I entertain myself when I'm bored.
a heart you idiot hahah
Check out an all day FREE concert tomorrow Saturday in the Jerry Garcia theatre at McLaren Park in SF. 10am-8pm Los Mocosos and more Vaya
Stick to what you know everything ain't for everybody
Happy birthday to my main man
Who is ready for Valentines Day? OK, now who isn't? Nothing says "I love you" more than a box of Parm Crisps!
Congrats On Your Baby! <3
Maybe the atheist cannot find God for the same reason a thief cannot find a policeman. ~Author Unknown
he slides like Mega Man too! And Britta's Mario 2 Princess float. Pierce's dead on the floor sprite looks like Final Fantasy
YES! Several scenes from Rounders were filmed at 15 Washington. RT : The movie was Rounders.....GO RU-N!
Chee, now my mama wants to hug you, too! RT : [bows] It was really my pleasure.
Going to sleep. G'night, guys.
#MyFavoriteSongEver DORA DORA DORA THE EXPLORA! ahaha - DORA IS AN ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT! haha
follow back
Gov Scott Walker a sheep in Koch clothing.
Says the girl tweeting and driving lol RT : People Instantly becoming idiots when they're driving in the rain.
#freemedicine now available through our free medication program. prescription required.
i had a xanax OK?!
that was our old business manager David Wallace that was suing Neyo and I in Las Vegas, he died yesterday...God don't like ugly
Always keep the mystery.
it looks like she has even more power keeping them together=)
Handel's organ concerto no1 in g minor reminds me of bubble bobble.
I just love Fun.
awe... Well get some rest, drink lots of tea, and get better soon
Got the phone. Thanks man.
Thank you Sansome and Pine! See you again on Wednesday. 11-2pm
it makes me so mad because I go to play a good song and it's not there...
5 more minutes = another half hour of shopping -__-
Ha I'm not sure our manager did it for us sorry!
I hope you were tweeting about me :)
Hoping my mom can get me a 300 dollar v.i.p. tickets for onedirection! cuhz i turned down a new iphone cuhz of this!!!
Yes! RT : : The best conversations happen when you're putting a paper to bed. Wouldn't you agree ?
RT : Happy Star Wars Day! You can't check in to Tatooine, but check in and mention "Star Wars" today, you'll get special points!
Charles & Baltimore 11-2 stop by for a Lobster Mac no better joy for your mouth at lunch in
The exhibition at Mass MOCA is AMAZING and SO inspiring.
yea you will! Friday night 2nd round playoff game
nope, just kills with your gun
Lot's of them.All the dates are on the website.
That was actually my biggest hurdle. But doing so has helped me to get over debilitating stage fright in other situations, too.
scoop jardine, kris joesph are seniors. Brandon triche is a junior. Power House school, that doesn't gave a lot of one n dones
Heard Autobiography of Mrs. Tom Thumb discussed on NPR and sounded delightful; can't wait to read.
I need a refresher
Ikr just sittin hear watchin The Bad Girls Club by myself:(
you smell like a baby prostitute.
People used to die over Js and Starter Jackets all the time in the 90s. Sad Someone actually died over a pair of Js? Pathetic.
Tomorrow night - the biggest moon of the year, a party at a co-worker's house, and a Timbers game.
Bonjour Tristesse + vanilla egg cream + popcorn. Forgot how much I love .
I never knew that Petrino was this big of a deal. Yawn.
lol I'll hit you up when I'm back from spring break!!!
I used to have no problem w its vs it's. Then Twitter and now I get it wrong all the time. 140 characters & I'm suddenly grammar challenged.
Happy thanksgiving!!!!!!
Talk about brainwashing. Then you wear bloody Jesus Christ on a necklace? Think about it #Christians. Imagine if that happened now.
On that note, I think I'll return to regularly scheduled programming.....
#ABQ: We are having a KrispyKreme themed pumpkin carving contest. Carve your pumpkin, tweet us a picture & bring it to our Westide store.
uh that's okay I'll pass
I first hear Beyonce named her baby Ivy. I was proud. It's cute and normal. Then I found out it's BLUE Ivy Carter. Uh, no. Crazy celebs.
well thank you young lady! I'm blushing hard and so glad you like my pics! ;-) your great yourself
I'd prefer not to suck on anything, but thanks for the offer, Jessie ;)
does the attitude come with the shirt?
For anyone who missed the Derby, gave a shockingly accurate play-by-play.
Morning sessions with her tho
hi do you mind please coming back to school i miss you-_-
thanks ladies! I'll wear them as long as I can still walk in them! Gotta as i say!
Our hearts go out to those affected by the fires.
The worst thing is that I find most primary documents to be edited to the point of unintelligibility
he hasn't had a stripper or a buzz in a minute!
NOBODY COME TO STONEBRIAR
hey i have homework omg.
Thanks for the Follow!
Im a over achiever so how bout i start a team of leaders and pick up stevie wonder to be the leader
you guys in route?
no... theyre the last two on his team so either way one of them is in the top 4
First hit of season. Double. And against Seymour
I'm waiting for the red and white 4 s and the black 4s I had both in middle school time to rock em again
needs to collab w/ myself and
It's not like LaHair hasn't played out there though. He played 14 games for Cubs in OF last year & over 100 in minors
you know I don't do conspiracy theories. Like I said there are two PD reports with two different dates with different info
If kanye and Hov are the greatest rap combo out right now than Tyga and Wayne are the worst of all time.
Are you thinking what we’re thinking? That’s right, A Billion Wicked Thoughts. Authors and join us for
still up. Fox applied for permit, late, for city permission to keep it up on non-game days. Don't know if permit now approved.
:) thanks red..u think it actually worked lol.
This girl at work said I was a hard worker, I told her I was a good actor :-)
Your willing to be friends with a guy with Pedo Bear as his photo, .... pretty bad-ass
Homework and old naruto episodes on Netflix cuz I love watching 13 year olds kill each other
Just got off conf. call with Good things to come on #KARE from the Minneapple all the way to the Big Apple!
Bill Donovan is a class act. My son can play for him.
Amazingly tripped out lightning across the Plains a few days in advance of 7/4 fireworks, kind of like Hendrix opening for the Monkees.
That email box is booming today!
heading to Portland, one of my favorite cities.
RT : Girl: my brother is the star football player :). Jazzy: my brother is Justin Bieber. Lucy: LOL BITCH PLEASE! My cousin ...
Nothing ideal. Annotate not problem - need strong handwriting capabilities, wrist suppression etc for note taking over PDF.
Happy Easter everyone. Love you all. Spending today home alone...):
Ok but not great in the CPC 8pm nightly. First break.
Girl in my class just freaked out because her boyfriend didn't show up to class.
moving to canada.
welcome babe!
holy crap i miss you and i can't stand it.
Washington: A Life by Ron Chernow and A Bend In The Road: Finding God When Your World Caves In by David Jeremiah.
hahahahahahahaha I love it you have them ship him here so mom has to pay, genius...! But when will he get here?!?! :)
RE: gift shop merchandise on pinterest- depends on museum rules
Linkin park August 19th Atl hell yea thanks dad<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Lucille Clifton passed this morning. My heart hurts.
This evening, I'm working on Bell's Oberon, the new The Shins, and my second graded German translation.
65k at dinner break. 4 more levels tonight
I knew about smallville and Lincoln heights. Didn't see the episodes though :/
We're pumped about these workshops and can't wait to meet cha
Deepest sympathy to
its going down tonight!
i look around and laugh at fools.. #team848 is on the rise
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet Worldwide trend pretty soon :D <3
thanks for your good, advice I plan to Take it to heart. I intend to use your advice.
Ya, but....shit! Are you nerds twittering each other while inthe same restaurant?
is the subway a dumb idea right now?
The show archer is hilarious
#HumanTrafficking generates $32 BILLION in profit. Second only in profits to Arms and Drug trades.
": Confirmed: Mercedes Lewis for 3rd Annual Alex Thomas Celeb Golf Classic July 9 "
I agree! Let's use that hope and joy to make it happen!
It's a marathon for him to make it from one meal to the next without snacks. Does that count?
The spirit of the individual is determined by his dominating thought habits.
I call em april babies cuz they're fools.
To feed the Vampire bats
I'm feeling the Newest Jagged Edge Album! "The Remedy" NICE!)
word hmu lata u tryn to watch the celts over a couple brews
Can't say I blame him. I don't think his brand of disciplined, selfless play went over well with the team. But it was *needed*.
Saw your tweet bout write left, sports right. Same here. Even my writing is wrighting, all gnarled up to mimic righties. Weak.
have to go back thursday for a small procedure
Movie night with
great place to see exotic cars and yachts.
now following this chico>>
who did herta switch to?
RT : "I really like you, I'm just not ready for a long-term committment." - your ex-boyfriend, or NBC renewing its Thurs lineup?
You are very green.
Americans for the Arts National Arts Index shows growth (15% to 20%) of SAT test takers with 4 yrs of art or music.
he is trying to figure out whhy I'm asking. But I keep saying I just wanna kno
Good morning and happy Sunday!
Only reason why in staying up till modnifgt lol RT Oh shit. Big Krit"s new one comes out tommorow. Excite.
“if you need a example on how to live then you just should have not been born -straight up.” ~Lil Wayne
I threw the wish in a well. Don't ask me, I'll never tell...
“: I would laugh if a white person called me a nigger! Then i would kick his ass....”lol
Daughter, parents survive 1st week of daycare. Toll: 1 fever & 2 colds. We're now swimming in deep end of the germ pool.
Anti-aging toolkit should include Carnosine to reduce Advanced Glycation End products that are part of the aging process
#TransMac sounds like it'd be a transexual pimp, but nah, it's a program letting me burn MAC OSX to a disc in windows.
Watermelon Jell-O :).
So sorry </3 Praying for you & your family
I have an audition today....not sure what it is for.....but... what will be? Will be!!! Success to you and me!!!!
I auditioned for a play today. I read for two parts and I think I did pretty well, but who knows. I need something to look forward to.
“: My shower is a time machine, every time I want to get out it brings me to Antarctica.” So how is this a time machine?
Hey Michele, how was your day?(:
Funny night, funny night.
no it is for alex
I swear I could listen to barbie and ken 101 and monster all day...
i m here watch Naruto awohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
go follow
getting angry with my roots English+Scottish=me easily burnt and feeling bad for most of my cousins cause they're more Scottish root based
My daughter is BEST personal trainer ever, I stop walking...she starts wailing! I thank her 4 the xtra lbs I will drop.
we have a similar saying with a twist 'follow woman, she flees you. flee woman, she follows you'. lol
That was a great run. Sumthins r just better alone. Great having alum rock park right up the street. Nuthin lik a great view of nature
We're looking into it. Thanks for the heads up.
Tatu! The guy who took off his shirt after goals! The MISL was one of the most fun leagues I've seen!
WHAT I Need to now what airport??? NOW
We're glad you enjoyed your visit! Thanks for stopping by!
#Blazers have had chances and shots to make their epic comeback #notgonnahappen #can'tgodown30andcomeback
"Look how cute the iMacs are!" - Apple created a Word of Mouth Topic, even when things seemed bleak for the company
Thank you! xo
Struggling tournament grinder. Can anyone recommend some good books or training sites for tournament poker. I need help bbbaaaaaaadddddd.
so i was thinking. you should travel to wisconsin again :)
- I appreciate the FF Derrick. Thank You!
When a boyfriend mistake u for their ex in a convo.. 2 years thru ur relationship.. what u think I did?
Thanks for the follow ! It's always nice to keep in touch with neighbors! :)
At the mall with my mother! :)
Annoying ass ppl <
. tells me my to-read list is now 101 books long. If I keep up my 2012 reading rate, I'll finish in 5.4 years. Geez.
If only liked ravioli, we could celebrate this day...
Will you please have someone in your entourage change your Facebook fan page url please?
Hey Lash Lovers! It's a great day here at the studio :)
very cute hairstyle! I might be rocking the same next week.
in the hospital??!?!?! call me right now!
Today, the delicate job of leading a discussion of Das Judenthum in der Musik. Wish me luck.
Smoking a cigar and drinking Allen beer on his deck
I watched that soo many times. I had it on repeat.
Wonder if mom would notice me switching out her classical tunes for AC/DC. Gray hospital walls & sky are quite enough. I don't need cellos.
PICS AND VIDS from the 2011 skins fest are up! check it out!
Adults who make love 1st thing in the morning not only feel more upbeat for the rest of the day, but also have stronger immune systems.
The release date of my novel DARLING has been pushed back. It will likely be out in early 2012. *sigh*
thinking of skipping iphone and going with fascinate....Yes...No??
- LIES! David Hayter = Solid Snake (also: DEATH TO RAIDEN!!)
Kudos to you!
#WhatHurtsTheMost Is the one you love saying they dont trust you.
With summer coming early, its the perfect time to add to your summer wardrobe! Check out local boutiques for some great warm weather pieces
Shameless! Wait wait... Me or you? lol
saw you're a #redsox fan, follow as well. are looking for more sox writers if interested.
Patio at Label is OPEN!
And her name is now Paelyn. Oh. Alrighty.
Bri is a character
#Alcatraz I am in love with this show.
... when are we gonna do that thing yo?
Cant wait
yes, you're lucky. I lost my taste with this one. Second round of antibiotics and 3rd week :( Tasted food 1st time tonight!
Uve been my fav player since I can remember, and was curious if I mailed you my Phins jersey of urs if u would personalize..
When does Justins new album come out?
#4famouswords Take off your shirt.
I'll take one.
"Tis the Season"... To talk about MONEY?? I see very few tweets about the holiday season just mostly money money make more money............
#JUSTINBIEBERONTHEVOICE WAS AMAZING! WHAT NOW HATERS? THAT PERFORMANCE WAS FLAWLESS, AND NOW WE'RE ALL DEAD. K
We don't have a vet school, Matthews. Everyone here practices on people. Stop trying to get me to buy your books.
I need more followers
2 day week for me.. that's boss shit
Listening to 's new single Say Something on the radio!! #YEE <U+30C4>
You had blue AND green shag? That's AMAZING.
striving for success for so long long got me actin out of character
Vote for Landau. He's so classy. Text "vote" to 4801.
Im I falling in love or did I do too many drugs?
i prolly spelled this wrong. But i wanted to say Hi! A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
I LOVE SO MUCH
happy birthday to my lil nigga
I always told my mom, "violent video games DON'T create violent people." I was wrong.
In a room w/2 PhD's - feeling a bit dumb and underwhelming ... should I just talk softer? Rocking w/ and a PhD-LP
Holy crap just dodged a bullet by picking up the phone for mr Geren to make sure my parents wouldn't find out that I skipped. #badass <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Burger K going public after the TV ad controversy. This time they're flamed and fried.
that is ture
We can only hope that the Super Bowl is as thrilling as today's Man.U-Chelsea match. Mata & Herndz have 2B pleased w/ quality of their goals
Good Morning #COSprings.... Its a bit wet and chilly this morning. It will be good for the grass and the #deckgarden. Have a great day.
#Cancers are caring and compassionate, always wanting to help people
Thank you!! Xoxo
waiting on you. :-)
middle fingers up to
my girl!
And now that I've been sidetracked by band names, I can't remember what I wanted to look up on to begin with.
RT : Takeaway: Wealth is the value you give it & what U call it. Be true to your heart and you will know this answer.
If you MISSED the results, here you go! >
Romeos just isn't the same.
LOVE LOVE LOVE your blog and LOVE resurrection eggs - Great tool to bring out every year
Customers are shopping for the best deal in real time & they will abandon a transaction if you don't step in says
The work of the Orser Center assisted in developing
Wish I was on the road right now but thankful for another night with
Agree! RT Perhaps meeting challenges with kids with special needs in schools as well.
3-piece suit?? Where the fuck you think you are? Not New Orleans!
So like this crazy fothermucker should follow me because I would literally jump up and down and screech haha XD
Hooked her friend up with Zilla"
well look at u, From a guy or a girl? hahaha
Let me rephrase this...I will avoid the NYC subway and drive from now on. No surprises while in the confines of my comfortable vehicle!
let's pretend this never happened by Jenny Lawson aka
Tweet me a song and I may do a cover of it and also give you a shoutout on my video
Well, since I overslept, I couldn't take my ACT today, so I stayed home.
Cool avatar!
I want to know why the woman in the jergens commercial is wearing a trench coat with shorts and a tank top
Good morning.
Haha, thank you!
cannot wait to see you in Syracuse in June! Day before starscape! Your gonna murder it.
I thank you God for this day and all your wonderful creations. I will now smoke this Chronic you have blessed the world with.
I love bubbles!
So about half of the people I know got on Twitter this part week... Conspiracy?
So when you do : )) -- does that represent a double chin? *wicked grin*
just come spend 5 minutes with it. ...if that. Out of 10 kittens this is the only one I hate.
(c) And dont forget the school of monclaire where ever you are WE WILL BE THERE! ~Louis Da Pitbull DiPippa~
Strange knocks on my door at 9 at night..help me.
:O omg!!! i love ur icon!
STOP HATE. GET A LIFE.
weezy f. baby please say the baby. ;)
thank you :)
Learn about Lossless Line-Rate Packet Capture and Injection with and at our booth #1117 today at 11:30 am!
Just hit submit on my first application.... the waiting has officially begun
The Worst \noun: The person who took my laundry out before it was finished drying.
oh sorry you had to experience that :/ but im sure your accents perfect :)
Spotted another ipad+keyboard combo being used as laptop at a coffee shop. Seen this a few times now.
Good luck on the debut !!
Please follow me.. I LOVED your concert last nite! HOT CHELLE RAE ALL THE WAY!<3
Selena is great :)
Are you planning a work/corporate party? We have the perfect venue for you! Keep us in mind. RT or Message us for info/walk-through!
So happy that and #Lisa are willing to work so hard to help me with an amazing logo. Thanks guys!
Thanks for the RTs and mentions over the weekend.
Made a #Winco run in the snow! Cozying up with and enjoying the company.
I just want to eat my soup and finish my paper ugh
gluten-free oatmeal muffins
I'm not 14.
Tomorrow is likemind in cities around the world, like Chicago - at Adams/Dearborn at 8am - see you then!
Have you gotten your tickets for the show on the 25th yet?
Finally finished the mastering on a new Dubstep track. Will be uploading it to youtube tomorrow. "Desolation (Hollow Halls)" by DJ HD!!
- & I love you. She's in our hearts. In our thoughts. Not forgotten. We're praying for you today.
I'm gonna talk like my opinion matters, but I'd drive to Jackson just to eat at the Parlor Market. Its on par with anything in NOLA.
tweet more! =)
I'm waiting it out til december 2012 to see if mayans were right. If world is still around I'm staging a revolt
Deuteronomy 14:28-29 "...bring all the tithes of that year's produce...so that ... the fatherless...may come and eat and be statisfied..."
NONE OF THE ALLEGED BRAVE MORONS WILL COME MY HOUSE ALONE UNARMED, FACE MY QUESTIONING & ANSWER MY QUESTIONS DIRECTLY; THEY KNOW I BEAT THEM
Saber is an opportunist. Just like his pal Shepard Fairey. The guy is a legend in his own mind. Another Main Street Artist
I've been up since 7:30. That and I only got 2 hours of sleep last night -.-
Finally out of rehearsal hell yea!!!!
Experience is the teacher of all things. -Julius Caesar
Great time out with the boys. My man durrant went off tonight but Still think the mavs are the best team in the NBA
whats up havent talked to you in a minute
Remember that refrigerant must be captured, not released into the atmosphere, during AC service. It's the law and it keeps the air clean!
Used paper instead of plastic GO
Ah surgery sucks. The worst part is taking out ALL of your piercings :(
To all the PLL fans...Mona is A..but also keep in mind, theres more than one A..oh and aria and Ezra finally made it public <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
#judge Demo pronunciations? Brooklyn, old Hollywood style. That's really good.
I'm a BoyBelieber and I'm proud and I love all girl Beliebers
q3) you really should be able to look at the system as a whole rather than individual pieces if content separately
painful to watch. Made me squirm in my seat.
We've dined wined and bid on silent auction. Now on to live auction!
Baby, loving you is fun <3 (;
Mice and gods by clutch>
pie! Pie! pie! Down down!
So it turns out my friend Chris cannot help with storyboards, camera or lighting because he will be doing another project.
If Cinderella found her prince charming without taking off her dress, so can you...
Q4: Pay attention...it's over WAY too soon. My kids are now 21, 16, 13 and 8. :)
A soy sauce sample in a plastic fish was left on my desk this morning. I don't know what to do with it.
tell me about it .. Swaggie love yu more bro
I love it! Gotta have a good sense of humor and be able to joke with each other. Makes for a good relationship!
In a elevator Ehe cool cats
computer outside - working - too beautiful to describe
what does everyone think of Jeremy Lin lighting up New York City?
I can't wait!!
I like: Skater Boys AND Dorky Boys (:
Business notes | PF Chang sold for $1 billion - Kansas City Star
Kinda glad Chris Brown won...otherwise that presenter was going to get her face punched! #grammys #toosoon?
My reason informs me that it is fallacious to believe in "fate" and "karma." Bow, and submit thine ears to my wisdom!
Hollywood is already getting wet and wild in prep for our show at the viper room with tonight. On at 9.
I wish i was with her right now.
Not trying to take care of anybody but my boys
#Itsfunnyhow niggas act like bitches at times
Hey Dear:) Miss ya...
so hungry right now
haha i never thought girls like that
My old girls fucked my trust up
Working on new paintings, slightly different style than before. Yes, a few bunnies.
Joe Pa is dead. R.I.P. Joe Pa.
Any anthro folks need a roomie in Philly? Looking to share a room.
s/o to my nigga BREEZY!!!
INTERGALACTIC CENTER FOR GYNOMORPHIC RESONANCE KAMUELA!
something without words. something without words. i need that.
That's so corny. <U+2600>
;) I'm in all smiles
and early morning rant was entertaining, and I really don't follow that type of energy on twitter that's FB cray!
miiiisss you too! Where are you???
I can't sleep ahh .
can't say i watch much NBA anymore but from past experience it all depends on the ref ...they all call it different
We are all on one ticket, not individual ones so we'll meet at the theater at 6:30 tomorrow. See you then!
Yeah MPG sucks. Driven an older land rover disco before though, Good stuff.
nope, south park. Man I haven't seen super troopers in so long lol
WTF i didnt even post that pic! sorry guys my cousin did that
I have the message sir... You dissed me... Lol
Because small joys are the best joys - unexpected and hard to recreate - so delicious!
The show will go on with or without you...so willya just moo on over already?...
hahaha right? Like you would never know unless you look at the pics I'm tagged in XD
Pacers. Good game LeBron
I could not be on #wifeswap. I am too opinionated.
RT : Money can do lots of things for you but it can't make you a better person than anyone else.
Pulled into a brainstorming session about something I know very little about...that was a little uncomfortable but I held my own, ha!
check your dm
Generic #Superbowl tweet.
. Ok now you are making ME feel old!
Thank God for Sultzer
“: I prefer the term Latino over Hispanic. Hispanic seems so anglocized. Latino seems, well, Latino. #latism” Agreed
omg yes, wait sorry i keep having tons of shit to do and i keep forgetting to pay you!!! my ap tests are done this week so soon!
!~.|+_ YOU WANT TO BOOK A PARTY FOR SATURDAY MATRIX.... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
My kids decide to play THE QUIET GAME all on their own #there is a god
OK now another hour delay... Could have been in Hong Kong by now in a canoe already!!
um *raises hand from back of classroom* I'd like 'Yes' people, please.
I'm thinking what's the message? Buy a Civic and become a ghetto superhero? I guess this one went by me
Web issues are fixed. JoinSporting.com and SportingMembership.com both work swimmingly once more.
Great meeting you #CIW last night. Let's grab coffee soon, yes?
Since winter has been over for awhile now, praying for rain - river level needs to go up!
: putting together my first fantasy football mock draft, where should I pick you?
"I go back to December all the time." #swifterpants :/
Established political teams show us that a monopoly of power by a few is not good for the broader interests of the "little people."
cranking #Blink182 so loud that my neighbors get mad > ...had to turn the volume down while playing the song
Maybe there's not much here to love, but maybe you could love me anyway....
Special thanks and welcome to my newest followers
Kate only won cuz a cruise ship crashed this weekend. #toosoon?
The Silk Tie likes K. Harper! I think a tie might get stuck in Ethiopian food if it isn't flipped over the shoulder or tucked in
Just found out Home Depot allows you to pay with PayPal. First retailer to offer the service. Very cool.
Corny is working on his recipes... I'll let him know :)
OMG , HOW FAST THAT HAPPENED LOL.
Where is your favorite Bikram yoga in the DC area? VA or Capitol Hill?
Offense we gotta step up we gotta whole half to go
What do you guys want to see, a playable demo on the site, or a video? Let us know via Twitter or FB. Thanks and have a good one!!
is watching push but would much rather be watching a harry potter movie right now.for so many reasons!i <3 !i would die if he knew
Good play. but come on, every major league 1st baseman should make that pick
Do you have something by Fulanito? How'bout "El cepillo"? I don't know if that's the name actually :/
That is the question. Natural enthusiasm has to be bred and then tapped as a classroom resource.
You'll need to elaborate. "Because I said so," only works to get me to eat my vegetables and to lose my virginity. Why the #49ers?
i love youu too(:
Bowtie! RT : To Tie or To BowTie?? That is the Question.
Hope everyone is getting ready for a relaxing holiday weekend, we at #tailgatebeer will be hard at work getting ready for an exciting 2012!
Thanks for the link! I really enjoyed your article.
I got tunnel vision all i see is paper/couple bad broads ,coulpa mo hataz/Where da cash at talking to da labels/ambition /stilladreamchasa
I'll just be learning about the dumb stuff like cameras and stuff. I won't even get to act yet. I'm sad. ):
Thanks for retweeting!
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor. – Aristotle
Just because your rich doesn't make you smart or kind or superior.
LOVE IT!
I'd never been in play long enough for the flowers to die in the dressing room
's conversation with >>> Lol, 'I like the whitening aspect of urs.' Omg, i love you<U+2665>
#FF is like one of the most interesting and funniest person to follow! <3 he always makes me smile and his tweets are so fun!
I had a good time too & Ok its ku, but that was some BS how they did dude formal
Retweeted! Mr. Hicks is the man!
That Max character on "Three Broke Girls" is so negative it's getting annoying.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Breath Remedy Tongue Brushes and most oral care products.
I am addicted to attention
I personally quit smoking weed.. It's not bad , but half the people now a days do it to fit in then throw what they have away
unfortunately it looks like it is true this time :(
Coffee, ice loves coco and khloe and Lamar. So nice and quiet at mikes house in the am
We have not because we ask not, nothing is too hard for God!
you know I'm kidding, right?
I saw the 1st one--That movie is creepy-I bet the 2nd was worst?!?! how was it
welcome! Looking forward to reading your recommendations!
Any1 who wants subs or speakers for car, call me 3172874305 they for sure work, i can show u to, good prices
#Elementary #schoolmemories having recess and playing duck duck goose, and jumping rope. haha
What's worse: Not giving a damn abt a celeb death or not giving a damn abt the death of a neighbor or coworker that you've also never met?
#imagine getting a text from austin " im naked " you: go enjoy yourself. austin: naah i want you ;)
Wanna hear a fucken funny joke about a bitch that doesn't know what he's talking
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception
nope! She's not talkin haha :)
It took me roughly 2 minutes to type out 'abbreviations' on my phone.
whats in the kitchen ?
sounding a lot like Niall right now ;) hahaha
Been needing to get things done the past two nights, but Friends has been on spot :/
This day has been exhausting
badass I wanna see em again
Mark says his desired superpower is the ability to turn any object into cereal at will. I love my roommates.
cay? I've worked with her professionally. Now I'm writing as a contractor for a local biz.
Yo my timeline is so ridiculously funny...! Got me a bottle and just laughing!!!!
Great night! Thanks to my family for coming down! Love you guys! Honors Ceremony tomorrow morning!
Oh, "Dreams" by Langston Hughes, ah.
because everyone has it.... and that's all my mom plays with lol
after the movie babe ;) lol
Pilates is a system of exercises, which excludes shock load, therefore it is safe for everybody, it meets requirements of any organism.
woke up with Qdoba salsa on my jacket sleeve...it was a good night
Nothing is more important than reconnecting with your bliss. Nothing is as rich. Nothing is more real.
My sister<<<<
I need a six month holiday… twice a year.
Had such a good time at Lulu's
It's a truth universally acknowledged that one's self importance is based upon number of ribbons attached to one's conf badge.
"I'm gonna go to the library and take out that book you been readin, how 2 f@$k friends n irritate people"..yeah I'm havin that kind of day
<- Damn... they don't make em like this no more
Learning new songs, singing old ones, and acting like kids
Anthony Gargano of WIP Radio in Philly reports that Browns officials called the Eagles Tuesday night about the availability of Kevin Kolb.
i'll give you all i've got to give.
yep...I've been on a twitter hiatus of sorts...nice to take a break
i'm busy this week to, let's shoot for next week, i'll let you know as soon as my schedule is posted, i'm free that friday
sweet. I think I'd give the DDT the #2 spot tho.
i hope the nba has some good games on the day when Big 12 & SEC champions met
Good morning!! What's on your must-do list today?
Not to be confused with Felix Pie Madness, which will soon hit Cleveland. MT : 1/2 of 1st Round of Baysox Pie Madness completed.
Stolen: if you think being gay is a choice, the don't tell me obesity is genetic, mkay.
“: Who's looking forward to a warm weekend!!?” Its gonna be a great weekend in
Umm...the 300+ page program for #ala11 is just a wee bit intimidating.
Ugh. I can't believe that I wasted all that time on you. I could have been doing way more productive things..
Mad Men?
Hopefully. Can't take another week of Tebowmania. Ick. : Can Big Ben pull off the reverse Tebow?
That anything but the Artist wins best picture
Freedom! Now to go to the gym then smoke up
Cannot wait for this...Scott and his cohorts do it again: fresh storytelling without the need for retreads.
Go hard or go home
Hmm what can I eat that tastes like a cheeseburger but has as many calories as celery?
Nope. Apparently the deal went live already & is sold out. Folks are hungry. RT : #WBC tickets on sale tomorrow
remix to crocodile rock with her. lol
Every little thing my dad does pisses me off,
Lol I don't remember the last time I did homework in seminar
I have to say ... It was so great to see 3 of my guests entered in the Mitch Man/Mam contest. You are all winners to me!!! :)
So yeah, I just put on a dress and heels for a Valentine's Day Skype date. Crap, I've got it bad.
It's my birthday today! Tell me happy birthday!
Our Album is almost finished! We hope to have the mixing and mastering done within the next 2 weeks!! SO GET EXCITED!!
simple & true, but you still never know if the company is really hiring for that position for that position.
lucky sucka! I'm flying down to Fresno Saturday just to turn around and drive back. :(
same here, but I think the fact that I expected it changed the anticipated emotions
curled up; it's snowing (:
#Truth RT : I love latism, they always share and they are always helping you through the way to succeed!
We need your 2 liter soda bottles to recycle for the vertical garden Emerson High students are creating for us. Drop off !
Tacos for lunch.
No one will go to Disney World with me, so I like to torture myself by watching 90's sitcoms where they go to Disney.
“The main thing is to be moved, to love, to hope, to tremble, to live.” ~Auguste Rodin
Wish I could sleep..
same!! Great to meet you too!!“: You're adorable. Very nice to meet you today!”
thats not good :o
In a planning meeting with a mix of academics and admin staff discussion switched to bifurcated student skills. Thought of
i hate math, i hate math, i hate math, i hate math!!!!!!!
Awwwwyeah my mom bought me a chunky monkey ;D
Nikon and MediaCom Tie Up with Vibrant to Become the First Brand in Europe to Launch Campaign with Vibrant&#39;s New In ...
Montgomery Co. Maryland is under a tornado watch until 9PM. Please be safe and alert as the weather moves through the area.
New dog in the family thinks the old cat is his chew toy, funny to watch for me, not so funny for cat
Looks like the sun is peeking out. Come say hi! Ne 42nd st and killingsworth.
Guess what. I tried to watch the "Secrets" episode today, but it doesn't come out till the new episode of New Girl comes out! GAH!
uh oh! Feel better.
oohhhhh, well that's really cool!
Don't settle. Live life on your terms.
Well...Hello there(;
that right thur sucks
You can't buy entertainment like a cat with a birdfeeder :)
RT nw single blk women are less likely to marry than their white counter parts. Marriage is a crucial part of of successful Fam development
i hate when i upload one fcknn picture on facebook then mf'erss wanna start preaching <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Im told #MITTENS didnt have a choice signing #Romneycare b/c of political pressure -shullbits- its called sticking 2 conservative principals
with alot of thrusting? :P~
I'm gunna catch some sleep now. Gnight folks!
I have to hear that shit lmao
Realized an hour ago that Pittsburgh Pirates are playing home game today. Realized a minute ago that Pirate pitcher had no-hitter into 7th.
trigga whats good where you at?
B in the rap ? #Really lol
Win column.
Thank u for following us! SCB
i want something to happen between me and you...<3
*Brian RT : Willie hates me! :0
We appreciate you following us on Twitter!
Am I the only person that keeps having the debate turn on and off - must be the Atlanta thunderstorm.
Ah, free books? Yes? Yes!! :D
I loved the movie! Too bad the book was so dry...
Thank you! We are rebranding right now, and are looking forward to launching fully in the near future with lots to offer!
nice to hear ur story on how ur touching people's lives
If you love your #Mac (and your data), then wish yourself a Happy #Valentines Day by buying a #backup drive today. We have all sizes/types!
Most Def... Check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
thank you! They're all great, but prob. The facial! :)
Thomas Lignon of takes the decathlon javelin title at the SBC Outdoor Championships.
Has great social media service- quick reply to my comment about their site, with a solution! Love companies that are responsive!
Watch all the Final Four March Madness action on 10TV tonight...we'll see you after the games with all the highlights and reaction!!!
I am well...trying to make the world a better place!
I hope has some good tunes today...I think I forgot my headphones!
talm 'bout a world where all is free...just couldn't be...only a fool would say that
It looks SO BAD, I don't know how so many people keep saying it's good. Also you should watch Veep.
Re: Win a Vespa!.. from a Home Wind Turbine Company
Budgeting Wow, diet, exercise, and eating healthy fail. Just placed an order for a Zinger (me) and a Double Down (mom).
Thanks for the
Project Einstein opens this evening, with our special First Friday hours: 4:30-10p, 6-9p Artist Reception.
come hang out at the game tonight!!
Tonight the MEGA million jackpot is $118 million!
cool thanks
Wow people cannot drive!
I always tell people Haskell will remind you of what it's like to learn programming, but my R looks the most like what I wrote then
say it ain't so!!
Join Hookah lounge 2morrow for the DICTATOR movie night! Join us 4 giveaways, Wadiyan specials & sexy time by watching Borat & Bruno!...
wow! That's a long time to be away. I'm sure your emotions are mixed. FaceTime/Skype are wonderful things.
The more I #skritter the less words I know? Wow, she's a tough master.
What goes around comes around. That’s what people say. So all the pain you caused me will come back to you someday.
Going to get my belly button piercing by the end of this month. Hopefully I have the lady balls to do it :p
For my PA peeps who have hoarded cases of for my yearly trips across the boarder...I can get my own now!
7(ish) on the drive w/ Perfect weather for a run
That's cool.
Watching 3D TV. I wonder if I could watch the Movie Awards in 3D.
Blackberry batteries last longer than relationships these days.
I always wanted to see: "Shooting Star Dog Food - Now meteor than ever!" :P
thanks to everyone who has followed us and the band themselves because it honestly means the world. we couldn't ask for better c:
Mary Steenburgen and on 30 Rock is a match made in tv heaven. Sorry, Danson.
...and don't forget, a slice of cheese, pepperoni, or sausage and a soda is only $4.76 from 11am-2pm.
‘Abdu’l-Bahá heads to an apartment on Harvard St., near Howard University, where he will stay for the night. Good night!
Great meeting you last night, Naveed!
TEXT ME.
Old Thinking + Old Habits + Short Term Viewpoint = Predictable Consequences; Old Thinking + Old Habits + Long Term Viewpoint = Potential
the awkward moment when you sit RIGHT next to your ex at breakfast...
Thankful for another God is always on my side thru the bad n good I'm blessed to have a great family and having love all around me priceless
Be advised I have the song registered with Copyright Office
What kind do you have? RT : I'm about to start a detox tonight.
How are you doing?
Going to a park to hopefully get some color back into my skin
RT : "Apply to be part of the committee to appropriate ~$6 million from the sale of the KTRU resources" Yay. Can I buy #KTRU?
a moray (eel).
I noticed
saw the avenger while baked
I love seeing old couples, it gives me hope to believe that theres still true love out there
not funny ha
Let not the needy, O Lord, be forgotten; Nor the hope of the poor be taken away. ~ via RT
Fate is only for those who live by default instead of by conscious choice.
Afternoon lovelies! Had a lovely allergic reaction last night. I hope you're all well.
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education
Its a friday to remember....
is "walking through the clouds, with a circus mind that's running 'round"...
What a wonderful conversation <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
My pleasure, have a great evening :)
try to be strong I love my chicken legs <3
So my first vids are going to be who says by selena, a thousand miles by vannessa carlton, cant be tamed by miley(maybe), and my own. Woot!
Great rehearsal for the Leisure Kings!! Show at 7:30 at the Vogue!
should have stayed they suck bunch of stiffs!!
You can bet on that. Just wait and see...Kathy.
Recruiting for a Technical Services Assistant for a corporate client just north of Los Angeles. This is a long term temporary opportunity.…
Winner Winner Chicken Dinner (I hope!!)!
“: I just hit my drink with my purse, entire glass broke and fell into the toilet... I just can't win!”funniest shit ever
Goodnight everyone have a good rest also i have no shcool on thursday and friday woohoo goodnight ppls peace & luv =)
I'm finna direct message u
#ceres12 attendees, check out May 4-6 event to demonstrate impact of applying infotech to #energy, envt & resource constraints
My sister and her husband are going to a taping of on Friday. Beyond jealous!
- did Bonnie Dumanis offer to give back her $270K per year public pension if Prob B passes? re: Pension Dispute
someone pls tell me how to add the Stop SOPA banner to my profile pic?
I knew it was too good to be true. My droid was on the fritz last night and showed I had gotten a #ff from On a Sunday night. ?
love this, similar things happen to me all the time! RT : I said out loud that FB is awful and my son is now asking for a waffle.
jack stack BBQ + #kubball. rock chalk!
I almost dropped the work iPhone in the toilet. That would have been horrible...
Congrats to Virginia Elite 13U Coach Snell for winning Big Shots Takeover tournament last weekend.
that sucks :( can you get a larger size?
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-40.
Want to see effective PR in action? Watch the Ryan Braun press conference. He absolutely knocked it out of the park.
living vicariously through you today - keep the live tweets coming! #OMS12 (CC )
Fuck New York, fuck LA, Chicago is home. I don't want anything but Lake Shore Drive.
Your win probability system seems better than oft-quoted baseball win probability that accounts only for situation but not team
Just subscribed to the and downloaded the iPad and iPhone apps. Never thought I would read on them but am liking the apps.
Think of Rajon Rondo in his early games...
LOL U WILL
He stopped talkin to me ..
You got it !
please let us know on our mailing list which parts of #grefine documentation on reconciliation service api is misleading
Why do people point at their wrist when they want to know the time? I don't point at my groin when I want to find out where the toilets are!
I can't wait either
Im legit Tryna replace my usage of the word nigga with negative black man..
It's been fascinating following this did he or didn't he win drama, !
Ithaka is over jstor and is a non-profit.
dont i wish.
yeah, I gotcha. Sometimes I get that vibe from people. It's all about context. And a cultural/ethnic thing, too. What seems...
We live for the music <U+2665>
you will <3
Who's up?
One of my favourite Troy moments.
you the main man! Keep it flowin!
Over in #awcchat right now they're talking mobile apps w/ / - anyone can participate in the App Party.
They *could* def make RedEye 4 Android. Tech isn't iPhone-specific (aside from Apple's SDK & 30-pin con used 4 current system)
I see what you're saying; I raise you reality.
6 a.m. flight?
FORGET EVERYONE
Wow honestly. My mom is mean to me all the time and never apologizes but she will make me apologize for her wrongdoing. Its ridiculous.
His legs must be tired cause he be running through my mind <3
Same here, Dave
I really appreciate everyone hittn me up 2 chill tonight nice to know I still got friends sorry I couldn't come out tonight tho
Shorter: continue to be a punchingbag.": Dear fellow conservatives, let's not join in...don't care if some of the Left started it
Today is the last day to register for CES for FREE... Just in case you are interested... Thanks for reminding me Felix get the link from FB
yes, please! would love to beta read. need FUN!! have been out of the loop with work & just started school again last week.
The good thing about masturbation is that you don't have to get dressed up for it. ~Truman Capote
Your smile makes me laugh! Your laugh makes me smile. Every time I see your face, I can never frown on that day.
you should have hit her with your bike
Wow that is lovely news!
what a good day to be born! Thank you Ben, happy belated ladies!
thanks! I love you too! If it makes you feel any better, I ended up staying home and making soup. Haha
It's more like you get to join a survivors' club. There should be a tshirt though.
Yeah im colored! Frick IM PROUD TO BE BROWN! So by me being colored <3 One Direction? #Newsflash anyone can and everyone can :) #Hating Much
It's the end of the month in Buffalo, so you know what that means....quota time!
Has such a sexy voice
today is twitter day? LOL
So glad to have here in New Orleans! Welcome, you'll love it here.
A4: Know that you deserve it... sometimes we feel inadequate or as if we don't measure up to others but we aren't meant to.
your welcome!
I haven't been to the movies in a while who wants to take me to see snow white it comes out june 1st
Debating if I want to go for a run, I think I will
... Karaoke at Spaghetti Benders; The Current at Dingbats ...
Oh My God Oh My God Oh My God Oh My God Oh My God Oh My God Oh My God Oh My God Oh My God Oh My God BIG TIME RUSH<333333333
well then lol lucky you for the 3!! Good job hubby for pulling that off!
i love HarrisonFords characters in the StarWars &IndianaJones series
MT : I propose we stop calling transit, walking, biking, cabs "alternative" transpo + start calling them "urban" transpo.
LMAO #bro Im thinkin about it
That's bogus!!!
I'm seeing a lot of dudes here trying to look like Criss Angel.
#who tryna jog to the #store for me right quick?
I wish my website would just make itself. #tech people? Help?
If we want what God wants, for the reasons God wants it, we are unstoppable. That's a thought that's going to fester
Hahahaha right? Thank you. Ahh i miss you so much
why isn't Barney at second tho????? Jesus Christ kid run hard!
im goin to be round ur way shortly. r u on fb
good advice for student #journos!RT : Work for your school paper, read a lot, go to college and study journalism
": Okay I should b off by now but...... I'm not! #BullShit!" Aw boo I been off since 12 hang in there its Friday
Yes, yes! RT: : Every time a marketer suggests using a QR code, god beats a kitten to death with his mobile phone.
Everyone is asleep in my house... Whyy? It's 11:35!
In the car but no where to go.
I <U+2665> coffee!
Honcho lifestyle tip #14 - go watch tim and eric awesome show great job.
yes. I consider those links ti be spam.
haha sitting in class...more than willing to go back to bed...
telling a teacher "i'm uncomfortable with the questions you're asking. i find them inappropriate."
RT USA!!! Freddy Adu is back
The attempt to be something else your not never hides in the shadows... BE YOU Today!
That would be awesome. check for pics of her too. i can email u some
I hate misspelled tweets-_-
What's up with fake mustaches being so popular right now?
You are the best Followers! PLZ tell to your friends to follow because I can't follow any more ! I can follow Only if have 1000 Followers !
I know I'm sorry, bad timing! :( But yes we'll definitely meet soon! <3
It's true - tune in! RT : We Heard: The GMC will be on Earl Ingram's program 2day sharing details of report on MKE Co & reccs
To visit Savannah and miss out on is an injustice. Absolutely beautiful and amazing food. Only 2 days here yet I'll be back!
Working on some over the top ideas for SXSW 2012! Can't wait. Always a good time & very profitable.
Hey, Kevin, Doug Dickey wants to know if he can come over to your place and interview better coaches from your living room. Cool?
(I'm probably going to regret saying that.)
Nice try but that's a $300 Wilson's Leather. A riding jacket if you will.
happy Birthday .(:
ThreeFingerZen, unique Biomechanics/Nuerophysiology, has overall technical advantages over NBA basketball skills. Please RT, thanks!
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
Heh. I took three with me for a 23-hour trip, so that seems about right!
#FirstEdition #BicycleBuilt4Tuesday Grab your seat for Film festival
I'm thinking about working out tonight (for once). #fitmke I'm also thinking about Thai food.
Fake friends <<<<<
STOP TANTRUMS FOREVER live talk tonight 82740 Atlantic Ave Kids Part Place 6pm Coachella Valley Autism Society 206-678-4353 for more info
Who. I surely got a thang for Texan guys. (;
It took me 20 minutes to find Fox News Channel...
Happy Friday!
If you want me to #FF you tomorrow, let me know and I will. All I ask is that you #FF me back in return.
well, you planted the idea ;)
I do not think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday ~ Abraham Lincoln
WTF of course Maher isn't serious about anything. He's a comedian (a real one, not like Rush)!
Just punt.
U sound basic lol RT : THIS WAFFLE HOUSE OOMF JUST BROUGHT!!!!!>>>>>>> Ima fck round n marry him
spell check on my tweet. "JuliusCaesar" my bad
can't wait baby
is headed to Austin for #SXSWi. Come see us at the AT&T Center in the Power Up Lounge and recharge!!!!
Partly cloudy skies this morning in Summit County but expecting more snow mid-day.
Turns out I'm the only member of my band that doesn't hate Manifest Destiny? What the Christ?
i may be from the west, but i love the east
If u only have SM team answering Q's/following convos, you're missing out on direct mail/email customers.
haha! Can't wait ! I'll be going with you.
I know... Still SMH. “: Its a joke!! Laugh "hahaha"”
RT : When teleported don't ask 'Where are we?' because someone will always reply cryptically- "you mean... WHEN are we??"
I honestly don't believe anyone but the two that were arguing.
Scags at 18 soon to be available as POD. Love the sound of that. Ask me where that will be.
well of how it is starting is any indication...standing in rain waiting for the bus... :( Good luck w/the tat!
HELP! I can't see my vagina anymore! I'm not even confident I still have one...
You made a mess upon my innocense. the least you could do is follow me. ;D
If you find that you are not looking in your partner's eyes (or anyone's) as they talk, begin to ask yourself why
I'm going to find it very hard to not stay home and watch basketball all day on Thursday and Friday.
RT : #FF to She's a valuable learning resource > #FF right back atcha... It was a joy to meet you at #astd12!
is that bad?!?!
lmao!! having a good time in Sweden i see??
i wanna know, next time i meet , if he will remember me from all the events ive met him at and the concerts hes looked at me.
gamestop ripped me off D:
What is it to do?
random parade to start off my day .
sweet...will do! Anonymity depends on which story I decide to share. Lol. I'll let ya know :)
We're not getting a response from our couch instance at open311.couchone.com. Any idea what the problem is?
Kenny Chesney, Adele and Bob Seger tickets on sale today
DM me if you're interested in doing some writing for an indie iOS game :)
saw they had JT IV destructo rock for five bills. I have a copy, gonna come up and set the people free by undercutting him.
Heart Shaped Pizza Recipe for Valentine's Day This heart shaped pizza recipe makes a fun Valentine's Day dinner for the whole family. Thi
sure does. Hell comes tomorrow.
Now officially caught up on the amazing Breaking Bad. Many thxs to for inspiring me to finally dive in. So, so worth it.
MDS recv'd a cert from the Mayor's Office and was named a Wild Site by the Ohio Department of Natural Resources Division of Wildlife.
3 weeks till ! We're excited!!
why u didt hit me up while u was here??? #DAMN#
Hahaha Dave Chapelle is F'ing funny!!
were do I sign up hahahaha!!!!
1/3: "only awareness can make reality..."
Watched #Tangled for the third time tonight... Gets me every time.
Nah, I can't wait for this direct deposit lmal
I believe in mind over matter and doing anything you set your mind on. – Elizabeth Taylor
Thought so too. Had a non-tweeting colleague ask, said I would put it out there...thanks
TONIGHT!! ALL TEENS HEAD OUT TO CLUB FUEGO!! FOR THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN SAN ANTONIO!! LINE STARTS AT 6PM!! DOORS OPEN AT 7PM!!
It's supposed to be another hot one in Phoenix today so come in to Fatso's for a cold drink and some football
I hate when i eat reeses puffs.. & nothing cool happens .
what's an unemployed mariachi going to do? Drink matgaritas!
thanks for signing up for our beta!
Above all, clothe yourselves with love, which binds us all together in perfect harmony. Colossians 3:14
What;s going on? and Bahahah that comic was priceless :D
#ThingsThatMakeMeSmile complements :) and I love them all
its my birthday in 9 minutes :D <3
ah it's so crazy to think about me from two years ago!!!!
Finished week 7 of Couch to 5K type program. Next week is the last week... I keep buying more running clothes though so will keep going.
Bruce Willis in the back of an El Camino w/a machine gun makes up for it
Come by Genova Diagnostics booth #909 at the Anti-Aging Conference in Orlando! Booth
Had a long day out partying now i cant fall asleep
The miracle is not that we do this work, but that we are happy to do it.
#OldIronsides is. The most depressing bar I've ever hung out in
MYACT angels class...they have improved so much!
Thinking of the inspirational speech by as I make #vegetarian pasta and "meat" sauce for my family.
I done forgot to tell you Goodmornin. GOODMORNING! Exept for you you have a GREATmorning!
earn less than $5,000 a year from
Some people dream of worthy accomplishments while others stay awake and do them!
hahah. agreed! idk what id do without bacon too! yumm
I think pandering for the support of Donald #Trump is the most pathetic aspect of the GOP presidential season. #Romney should be mortified.
I will never eat fiddle heads again. In fact, I had such a bad experience, I may even begin to avoid fiddle music.
are you talking in #yoda?
Most surprising part of the article. But yeah, the elves had to delve deep to find the balrog, right?
There is no shame in going to Trader Joe's every day and sometimes twice in one day.
but this tim im for real
WOW! Watching #OneTreeHill & I'm a wreck! Don't want to spoil it for others but entire Dan/Nathan drama had me in TEARS! Now, the finale ='(
Fall's fast approaching. Get ready for it with yoga at home, because it's going to rain like heck this year
nice; me too (digital design). keep me in the loop with any upcoming events. i can put them on the calendar
if I had known that, I would have gone to FL.
": #Virgo females: vivid, versatile, vivacious, voluptuous, and valiant vixens."
Robin Williams is amazing. AMAZING.
So I haven't kept a journal in nearly six months and am trying to start up again. I'm amazed how my writing's suffered.
Urg I hate Parent teacher conference
Labor Day weekend is fast approaching! Go to www.playapropertymgt.com. Book one of our beautiful suites today!
okay. Love you too. <U+E418>
If I could have anything in the world I would not ask for much just the sky's the limit #teamfollowback ;)
Glad to hear it.
way to go scotty!!!!
Congratulations to UWM for moving forward and signing a great AD! FINALLY!
Fried green beans are AMAZING. #TryThem :)
Welcome! .x
I'm ready for Spring Break.
Hey guys who wants videos again who wants me back?
can I help you? what are you doing mentioning me?
How can people be happy Harry Reid won when majority of Americans opposed Health Care and Reid shoved it through? Reid is Obama's lapdog.
It is really rude to talk while I'm interrupting.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles big fat liar
Working on elearning modules for medical residents; interesting challenge to design opt-in post-module reinforcement via smartphone
My whole day= facebook and twitter then gonna spend the rest of the day with myy lover<3(:
Now he had 2^(number of ontologies) problems!
cool, just let me know
LaSalle Hotel Properties Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
RE: lent- I gave up Pizza, haha!
I feel you. I feel the same way...It is what it is
Letters starts with ABC, numbers start with 123, music starts with do-re-mi, and love starts with you and me (:
how did Gordy get on an NBA tweet before me?
this is more quantum mechanics and chaos theory than I expect to read in an English class
Rolling down a hill ... Beast,
Q: What happens if you cross a midget and a computer?A: You get a short circut.
don't feel obligated to come Thursday. Joe is going to pick up the laptop and projector
Motivation is more about the environment we are planted in, then anyone persons words.
I'll never leave front seat. I'm leaving first.
Big week full of fun stuff! Email me at to find out al the details :)
I cant. :/ My LCD screen is jacked up. :(
I can't wait until (Paypal here) App is available! I think poor squareup is about to get shat on . (yes shat is a word in my world lol)
How many doors do you pledge to knock on for the amazing today, tomorrow and Tuesday? !!
Don't get me wrong your MIGHTY Fisty Fine (;
it's on that Epix channel..which barely anyone carries
On my birthday-- I would like to do 1 thing,, rename you 4rm followers to LEADERS of change. Thank you! <13 one. love ##4 #Trayvon Martin&
ASDFGHJKL rehearsal is killer.
Barack CAUSES migranes, not helps them.
I love how milo comes to find me when its bed time and just stares at me then if some one walks in our room he barks till there gone
Started with rosé from Silver Lake Wine @ Taste of Eastside, but have switched over to beer from
Can you please follow me?
I absolutely love egla Lorenzo Trey Sam Em and Dr Huey for all they've done #Phantom farewells
She's never seen MIB .....time to end it.
What is the most creative place that you have found to hide Easter Eggs this year? Feel free to post a photo of what you think is the...
“: Thou shall never watch any movie on the Lifetime channel. #comMANdments” ...uh oh
Let's go #ManchesterUnited!!
Hey, buddy. Just checking in to see how you doing. How's the writing coming along? Don't be a stranger.
I can dig it
I was a kid, but it was momentous. I could finally "legitimately" say I was American, I had proof that my identity was valid.
you can't tell me you would rather have Ruiz over Wieters. You just can't.
S/o to for tweeting the best #FuckinStoners quotes
Good morning
Friday, February 24th, My Furry Valentine! A great event benefiting the KY Humane Society! Call me if you'd like to get involved. 502.417.7…
Tried to finish my sons m&m flurry really fast while he was in the bathroom. Result- headache, small stroke, slipped into a coma for 15 min
The absolute best program on TV today is....Fringe!
Yeah, I hate getting up, but I do feel better when I work out. :-)
haha YuniB just popped up. Could have called that one.
LoCash Favorite Bros tonight! Cactus Brothers! Eat BBQ, Drink Beer, Listen to Live Music, and maybe we'll have a snowball fight tonight. JC
Can't wait for the EP buddy! =)
Dessert wines however are a whole other thing entirely. I'll be visiting Château d'Yquem in May - can't wait!
I just wanted to say thanks being such an inspiration! I look up to you so much, you're a huge role model :)
Fresh out of Reindeer sausage today but come try a Pork n Pineapple sausage w chips and drink only $5.00
is that ur model workout? I respect it! #SpartanBeastmode... Nothing better for the body than good ol' manual labor...
New avatar for Mother's Day weekend. This is our actual gift to our mom, who doesn't have Twitter and can't see it.
i been feeling like this for two yrs... you know what im talkn bout... youve been here ever since
Please all, and you will please none. -Aesop
They are happy campers with their new laptops!
lovely to see you, and absolutely! make it wine afternoon, even!
or start pouring drinks...
Went for a morning run on the beach, got my new license, and went thrift shopping. All before 1pm...great start to the day :)
my damn ls
i kicked ass again unstoppable im a beast(:
a market for moms? moms for sale? how much? I need one! wait - did I get lost on translation?
BANCOFIBRA/BRIEF (URGENT)
Stay and imbibe ;) RT : lunch today.....do not feel like working anymore!
I'm still waiting for my date! I'm back on the east coast, so it will be easier :)
Off to Natural History and American History (Avedon/Kennedy exhibit), then taking bf's grandma to Olive Garden in Tysons...jealous? :)
*every time*. I also almost typed "animal cables."
I didn't know there was such a week, so definitely not!
what I didn't catch all of that
justino! Fb told me you'll be in NYC! Ill text you as soon as I land ;)
it b that haze
woot! & Sunday morning
very true
Gorgeous day to go to the Brooklyn Coffee House!! Gorgeous patio & amazing food & coffee<U+2615>
so cute! Love the "help rescue dogs" at the end
that's cool!
Before Google, there was memory.
I think I just walked on to a Banana Republic photo shoot on Park Avenue. FINE i'll stay and you can use me in your ad campaign.
I hate when ppl are looking up at you and trying to call you short
be yourself. dont act like someone your not. it makes you look fake.
I love u to, follow me Austin u know u want to.
Pretty sure that last night's dream was Zombie related, but I never actually watch Zombie TV. How did that happen?
Milwaukee isn't a sports town, they are a drinking, playing yard games, and free crap town.
I'm getting really sick of the texas wind right now. :(
After 30 minutes ,,,, we must saw each other again
I love that you know these are fashion fouls. Twenty yard penalty for inappropriate attire.
Re-signed Lingnan University partnership agreement. Thanks to the President and administration of Lingnan for the red carpet treatment.
"Do you know how it feels to let go of someone you loved for a really long time, just for them to be happy?"
My first #templefootball game comes as an alumni. Come tailgate with us. GO OWLS.
And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.
#s450 #mla12 studies so far show that students generally prefer printed books to e-books.
...But I've flogged this dead horse too long. Not a huge deal. Peace be with you, bro.
Reading about new microfiber designed specially for maternity swimsuits, for max thermal comfort and stretchability.
Jailed rapper Lil Wayne was busted for smuggling in an mp3 player and earphones. Poor guy.
Well, at least that's something. I am sending healing vibes your way.
glad to hear your alright man.
ah darn. Haha but yea I understand that. Wanted to see ya. It's been forever!
so true -_____-
Great news! Our booth will be next to Cactus Software at the NAMSS show....#Foxtrot automates data entry in to Cactus. See you there!
There must be an ancient "Stargate"-esque portal between Minnesota and Australia, because their tourism commercials are equally annoying.
Come on UNC, step it up!
I Going to bed :/ goodnight
Oh that's right, they have a life and I don't lol
haha thanks lady!
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME.. I FOLLOWED BACK.
#KNICKS!!! #YANKEES!!! LETS WIN SOME GAMES TONIGHT!!!!! Cmon!!!
It seems there's a new reality show called "Idiots Gone Wild" & they're filming right now in my next-door neighbors' apt.
Y'all askin jo if he's drunk...smh obv y'all never seen a flula blog
woke up again today. that's always a good start.
Kobe is playin the blame game after that game 6 loss.
my answer is, think back to the last time you peed or pooed out an ice cube.
Very interesting mix of experience and a well-reasoned stand on issues. Super compelling. I like him.
Meeting some Pinoy visitors and ship crew
Out here in Cali....listening to the homie
Maria is talking about Eduardo's poetry...
sorry I didn't answer back last night but we did the questions on page 2 under inferences
Using leftover pork shoulder for quesadillas w cheddar & salsa fresca: yum!
ate my cake and didn't ask, it's a wonderful picture !
": Whatever is going on where you are is beautiful." Still waiting for you at my bar they LOVE you here!!!!
happy friday everyone!!!!..And always smile!!!..=)
A goal is a dream with a deadline.-Napoleon Hill
Erykah Badu is killing "what cha gonna do" at in Jacksonville. ATL get ready this Friday and Saturday!
He who has never learned to obeycannot be a good commander
Escape from LA!! Finally moved out of city today & into the house "Media Malpractice" built. Moving is worse than watching an Olby marathon!
:) in that case I'm okay with being awake haha
They say one of the best ways to forget something in the past is to go create something new.
i swear if we force a game 7 tonight, i am gonna be so damn happy
Well, the worst thing happened. My doggies, Trixy ( who I rescued from a hooker) and Lucky Picasso who I rescued a few months ago got pois…
the gays in minneapolis suck :(
That awkward moment when your boyfriend's mom walks in on you guys making out << -______-
Celebrating diversity and good works!
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3<3
just finished packing, and one hour to spare for sleep, todays gonna be a crazy day!
Glad I dont have any classes today. Just work.
Why do Repubs call it a "mob" when people protest the decline of economic opportunity for middle class & financial inequity on Wall Street?
never before had to do so much intellectual work in so little time
Just selfishness. RT : why would someone try to ruin your happiness like that?!?
you ain't never lie hahaha!
Yeah! #WhatsYourTTime RT : Hey!!! What about me???
Got a Paypal Account?
One guy in a lakers jersey at this pool hall/bar we're at. Everyone else rooting for denver. :-)
oh the life of a pharmacist.
Congratulations Matthew Veety! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
lol you are too old for that.
thx for the reply. The tv is not as much of an issue than I'm on the 2nd floor with no privacy curtain I the windows.
Man my eyes are blood shot red, like I mean I'm tired but I'm not that tired for my eyes to be so red!
This guy sounds like a completely pathetic loser! No one worthwhile would ever be so randomly mean-spirited.
TOMORROW (Friday): Publisher/Editor/Author Extraordinaire ARTHUR A. LEVINE will be here!! 6:30pm!
#FF Sending some Friday love to our favorite tweeps! Cheers!
im so hungry
damn Lakers-don't do me like this!!!!
excuse me I believe I meant "potential" with blatche, wall, and mcgee.
Urban libraries reporting decreased hours in FY11 = 32% (16% nationally)
That Kids of the Night is dope!
I want to do a fanfic , but i'm such a lazy person yknow . haha
God is Glorious!
He Could Be My MAINThanq Thoo ! (:
morning, where's the #Coffee , you got any?
have u seen the Amar'e pic of him throwing up the "U" ?
Ive never had more fun following love the spirit and energy this team plays with. One more and dancin baby!
...it's sheer brilliance, no? the music, setting, words - to say nothing of the beautiful look of that FrenchFeline ;)
I'm having a hard time having any kind of faith in myself.
When does this start to feel better.
Spam comment of the day: "What day isn't today?" Whoa, dude, you just blew my mind.
Thinking of a Mardi Gras story to send your way.
"The Chain" (Fleetwood Mac cover) to end a fucking amazing set by!
Treasure map. But I'll settle for 5-minute ramp up. RT : What would people like to see in #SignalR docs?
Bitch, I'm too tired to slap you. Bash your head on my hand.
a little bit , I'm not good at German :( just knew some words like " was mascht du? " Etc :((( hahahah
like a boss ! ;D
. is acting out the parts of Tulsa 74132. Like its a play. Aahah I'm dying. Whatchu know bout fan fic.
The irony: Pac cheats on his wife. Does Catholicism teach that or just that homosexuality is an abomination?
I can only hope that-as I'm on the job market-if potential employers look at that tweet they'll understand the broader history.
Ima stay focused and give em more reasons to hate and make up more shit to say about me.
We got spirit, yes we do! We got spirit, do you?! We got Cheerleaders at our benefit just another reason to check us out 8/21/10!
El Toro = Magic
$5 Box Lunch Today is TURKEY! Open until 4.
needs mre followers
Tomorrow is my last day with Wiki for a week and a half. I've never spent that long away from her before!
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Records Management Analyst in #DC or #Chicago . The Analyst will support the Senior Manager wi…
If I ever get the chance to meet Austin, I'm pretty sure I'll be crying the whole way home with happy tears lol.
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 2
Today is all about cake. Happy Friday &
RT : Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better. –A. Einstein
that's good
oh! I was at farmers market scouting ramps!
I get the same way. I haven't run a "couple of miles" since... well... a long, long time ago in a galaxy far, far away.
The employees at #thewynn are the kindest in town
Sweet dreams tweeters.
Hell yeah! And next year my priorities will be straight so they won't have to worry about me missing games & practices.
Up $200 at blackjack... Better quit now!
Love the mission of the research but the methodology (testing multi prods) makes me question the conclusions of the study.
you Austining anytime soon?
the poet, the preacher, the teacher and got the reefer.
Very nice. Visited Oxford in 1997. Would love to return.
Lets get our ears pierced boys
sudafed + margarita = happy
Hygienist talking about Pintrest and Pottery Barn to woman next to me... Remind me never to work with a staff of almost exclusively women.
Thoroughly enjoying my three-season room at the end of the three seasons.
best performance ever<3 I hope your head is okay Jason, lol.
I absolutely hate carpet but it reminds me of my childhood so I kind of like it.
It's amazing this 16 year-old student had the presence of mind to get the tag number on the car where she was raped.
Petronas inks deal with Itochu, PTT Global Chemicals for petchem plants
Come on refs
My chapstick makes my lips soft as fuck <3
hope it's all going well, keep me posted!
Yep, I'm still livin' in the woods - come find me sometime!
u r much more amazing :) I'm having a break and I'm sitting around with friends ;) but just 10 min left :(
Redskins gave up 3 first round picks and a second round pick. Browns won't regret this
Good..Dont Lose Her Like I Lost Mine SMH
get ready to share the new video!!! :)
It's funny when people control friends lol.
and your steering wheel ever come pussy. I promise.
Can Radiation Heal Us? What do you know about
it's better than pooping in the same stall at the same time. Lol
Hey it's BK, here comes Cinco de Mayo, you going Tequila on the cheap or are you going for the good stuff? Oh and Cheers!
great game!
Hate waiting in restaurant lines. Especially on Mother's Day...I should have made dinner myself.
Keep tweeting, you'll get it soon enough!
Just passed 100 Followers!
Thank you Good Game. Good People. = Good time! Nice meeting everybody last night
In Revival tomorrow @ Myrtle Baptist Church, 21 Curve St., Newton, MA @ 10:00am & 6:00pm. I hope chilly Boston is ready for a fiery Word
omg I can see the smiley face on my iPad, I guess it's just an iOS thing.
Exciting day today. New book design jobs, new strategic partnerships, new website in the works. Looking forward to a banner year in 2012!
i just threw up thats gross haha
Congrats to Stephen Marley for his Grammy win for Best Reggae Album for Revelation Pt.1: The Root of Life...and to all the Grammy nominees!
do you want hard copies? I can send if you do...
Which one is better SAG or AFTRA? What would you recommend for an actor?
lol imma do a mime dance
I think I'll call it a day. Not a very productive one, but still a day.
"Economic advance is not the same thing as human progress. "-John Clapham
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives. It strengthens understandings!
I'm going to upload some photos from rehearsal tonight for you guys :)
Mac Miller in the morning!:)
Library living, Ab class, and back to the books..
Make the ground shake, that's a assquake. Bulit an house on that ass, that's an asstate.
APB, yes, yes, yes we are open!!! spread the word. we'll be here until 3 pm
#Itsawesomewhen you find that one person you can non-verbally communicate with.....
Just finished a day of training with an inspiring group of Y youth leaders in Silicon Valley.
Got to work an hour early -_-
So, I knw I've stolen your last 2 CD's. I'll make a deal with you, though. Make a CD specifically for me, and I'll give em back (:
These dumb asses are still walking into this museum at 4:15.. -__-
NYE AT BBDC! CALL ANNA AT 202-377-5555 FOR INFORMATION AND TO MAKE YOU RESERVATION!
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!! Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19 <U+E662> @ CLUB DREAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL |xxx2
I just saw this.... Lol I'm never on this account!
good to know!
I tick u off . Uknow I do. Ha
Apparently "I hope I don't die from this raw chicken" is not an appropriate observation at a friend's dinner party
Sad to see you go ! Hope you can swing by before you head out of town.
Happy Mother's Day from me & the One Ent. Family!
But...I'm at work so I can't lol.
Amazing presentation re: transformative resisters by students from Black Male Youth Academy
no, where did you send it?
It's hard to pick just one, but if I had to it would be inner child. They are all very good, though.
Pretty Girls With Ugly Feet
Studio is up and running again!! Bouts ta get it crackin!!! New music is on the way!!!
Non-compete or non-solicitation Agreement should be carefully drawn & approved by legal counsel
Does anyone have any tips for getting on Medicare for the baby? I need help, its been 7 months and nothing seems to be working :(
a damn blurry one.
At the Bertucci just living the dream!!
Where's the rest of The Voice cast?
Today is my 1-year anniversary !
seriously I never had them before I moved here!
Too bad there's not an Ihop in sandusky;( cuz that would go SLAM RIGHT NOW ON GRANNY!!!lol
Still not a man yet, huh? Let's get that lawyer's number businessman. You ain't even legit.
London is 6 hours ahead of Chicago. Kickoff is at noon CT. Is this really that more disruptive than SEA playing @ MIA?
I had been told that the training procedure with cats was difficult. It's not. Mine had me trained in two days. ~Bill Dana
No where to go but up?
If I smile at you while passing on the street and you do not return said smile, I WILL punch you in the face.
I'd love to ask a couple questions. Will you be at the #bwela networking party tonight?
And there in rehab again when the vikings STOMP OUT THE PACK!!!
Thanks for the twitter love Houston!!!
don't hate lol <U+270B>at the end of the season we'll see who's holding up the trophy ..
when is it?
5 Small Cars with the Worst Gas Mileage | TrueCar Blog
Hang in there: Retirement is only 30 years away!
yeah what the fucks goin on?
Busy busy BUSY week.
Yeah on my damn..lol..Peace Queens!
Wow I'm already annoyed by the Bellevue arts and crafts fair and I don't even live around here.
Happy Valentine's to my hubby and Happy 12th birthday to my SPCA Pound Puppy Rox. <3
i said the same thing. I watch storage wars and they keep showing Dog commercials. WTF... he's still running around with mase
RT : Not too late to volunteer for our FAS series! Register as a volunteer and help area families afford college....
Anything new your way Lynn?
DidYouKnow: Robert Moses was Prez of Long Island State Parks for 40 years. Built 19 parks, 12 major parkways, new beaches
Just talked on the phone to my mama for almost 14 minutes w/o any arguing, anger, or attitude.!! Dats a FIRST lbs #Progress :)
The good news is I just won my fantasy basketball league. The better news is I didn't have to watch a single NBA game to do it.
Looking for the best of the best to join some amazing projects. If you have experience we want to talk to you
Wow. My friends are assholes. Good thing I love them so damn much.
& thanks for the temporary distraction from my MW presentation prep ;)
Region 4-2A Semis: At the half, University School is down 1-0 to American Heritage (Delray). Walker Dawkins with the lone goal.
your looking good in the suit, but the jersey looks way better on you. get well soon!
When someone tells you to go die:/ the little things people say pushes them further over the edge.. # Don't be the one to cause that
AMAZING Show Last Night in #Kingston, BIG Thanks to Everyone who came out! PS. Happy #Mothers Day to my Mom & Grandmothers!!
At Latitude, shits dope...
I enjoyed the podcast. Very fun and informative!
you realize we are 1/4th through season and leading division right? Arod is still up and that's all that matters
Thanks for the tweet, we can always special order it for you on the weekdays if you are available :)
Well, it's a full serving of chili, full order of fries, bacon, and cheddar cheese!
Assuming E will have a red carpet rundown of the Superbowl?
#lsuuga LSU appears to be employing the Arkansas strategy here
RT This is so sweet! a firefox plug-in that replaces browser ads with contemp art.
I no u probably wont see this but ur my insperation and lovee u<333
let me know when you are all done sending so I can stop checking my email every 3 secs. :D
Chris Paul with the buzzer beater at the end if the first quarter! Nice!
The best customer experience is the one that's all about the customer. Discuss.
you didn't miss anything special.
wow baby thank you very much!!:D do you know how i need that song in this moments!!!:( i be sad!:/
Hey we wanted to send over our new posters, but didn't see an email addy on the blog. Were following, DM us.
LOL,when I'm on the phone,people can't hear me talk,and now its like...idek.ugh.lol,And I don't get an upgrade until
Damn big round booties in stretchy pants. About made me hit a curb. #OnionBooty made me cry
OMG ! I love his contact ! I want them so bad !!
oh I have many...right now been smoking from a friends line, donrigo
OK, who broke YouTube?
May your week be blessed, refreshed and full of music!
I thinbk the fact that Staal stopped playing to check on Coburn spoke volumes about his character and is why no suspension
I was 0-2 yesterday. My Giants/under looking good.
well im sure all of your fans/followers understand the concept of what your doing! we hope you get your account fixed!
Updated Piranha 3DD Trailer Shows More Hoff He'll be ready!
Congratulations on Parenting Magazine! Thank-you dor the follow!
day two of becoming empowered- and meeting so amazing women!
Maybe it's because I'm an academic, but it really bugs me when folks present their ideas as if nobody's influenced their thinking.
Time to roll up and enjoy this sun.... Love my state.. Fla..
i know omg WHEN ;@ you coem here im buying massiv wee
Thanks Scott!
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
bassicly the bucket thats is the logo for there sign
I'm so glad that you like it! Thanks for coming by and please...tell your friends!
": u cumin" when you trynna come ?
so i'm goin' to miami to see the most G'st person ever. Guess who that is(;
who the heck is that ?? O>O
yea apparently there people running down broad street in Philadelphia. im still tryna sleep lol
In this difficult time by AJ passing. Kandi needs all the support for her and her family I pray that you reach out..I know u can
Tebow is now a member of the #Jets. Enjoy the day!
Got back to work and my computer has the blue screen of death. :-(
Holding it down today with on the 5&6 pm shows. See you soon!
What a shot by Joe Johnson Wow!
Butt hole
I bought it for $10 like 2 weeks ago XO
Fret for your bullshit ...
Mr are you goin to be in younow today?
remembered me and and gave me so many hugs and told Dylan that he met me before
I know time flies!
Girls varsity with the win against Lawrence Freesate. 52-50, came down to a 3 pointer at the buzzer. That was amazing!
Have a safe trip homie. Dj SPIN
makes me wanna take a back road
thanks, Ross... are you still on a train? to where?
First stop with the at the Village Idiot and Going to be alot of fun
Hey Everybody from Myspace, welcome to follow me on Facebook and Twitter b/c I'm there pretty often
Sitting here watching old ass music videos on YouTube.....
I'm so bored I'm updating my apps <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Back from #Gym sore as fuckk
When you have a flask, every hour is happy hour.
Got it thanks Niecie. You have a great day Ms fabulous
Up early again..it honestly feels like I haven't slept in a week..tired but bring on the meetings
Good morning, tweeps! I'm bragging 'bout my amazing brother today. They still have Alaska cruises available: www.NorthwestNavigation.com.
i bet ha xD
Dear friends. I will never accept your #Facebook #BranchOut invite. Ever. Get on #LinkedIn and stop with foolishness.
hey gtg talk soon!! Bye Twitter friend ttyl lol
3 sections of reading classes so into a read-aloud Divergent, you could hear a pin drop. FHS is ready for you!
MVP meeting TONIGHT at 5:30pm in the Carriage House. See YOU there!
Not only do you make AMAZING music but everything else you do goes to a charity... Im really Proud of u justin
that's nothing. The Rangers TV crew once spent a good ten minutes discussing their favorite blaxploitation movies.
Just four new Twitter users at this SIG. Interesting.
Looking forward to our link
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 16
hahaha. I'll cast a spell on NYC for warm weather. Spelliosis!
I actually decided on a diff school. Sorry. But if it interested in Miami of Ohio hit me up
Don't judge untill It has been seen, bitch. Unless you wanna cross that line, you fruitcake. You know what they say about fruits.
No matter what youll be my best friend no matter how distant we get, youve always been there for me. Even though we seem to be replacing :/
Showcase season is beginning! Break legs !!! <3
Red Sox Nation waits hopefully for the results from Daisuke's A start.Tells you just about everything you need to know about 2012.
Back from the Cowboys game and feeling good about the win!
Big United Workers Party rally near where I'm staying in Roseau. Boy, the DWP set are -not- happy with Skerrit.
Lmfao RT : ate lou you nearly had me killed at bar last year lmao
This is happening on my show ...#ADORABLE MT Scott Van Slyke, OF, who had his 1st career hit/RBI tonight joins us!
President Obama to introduce restored &#39;To Kill A Mockingbird&#39; film on USA
Does anybody here remember Vera Lynn?
Hey Westwood and Century City -- where's your favorite breakfast place? Let me know!
I did in bed... I did it on the couch... I did it in the car... Texting is such an obsession. :)
Thanks for the follow! (:
our path is very similar.
Dinosaurs and lane violations.
Kinslow is the best rapper in the school
"Premier is the best place to go for your lighting needs. They have a beautiful showroom & a wonderful staff to help!" Our customer, Ellie
Time to give my pillow some head and my sheets some ass...
YOU CAN HAVE MY HEART BBY GIRL
I'm excited to curl up with "The Secret" tonight. You can't be truly skeptical of something until you've given it a chance.
No man is useless while he has a friend. ~ Robert Louis
I told Eli that i feel like a bootycall to him xD
Excellent! Thank you so much for your support- spread the word!
So I hear is the person to know for meetups. Thanks for the tip,
Yesterday is a canceled check: Forget it. Tomorrow is a promissory note: Don't count on it. Today is ready cash: Use it!. -Edwin C Bliss
Unless your ass is just fantastic, like mine. Then I know what's ahead lol.
Does your pool need to be drained? Protect your pool by having a professional drain it before the summer sun arrives!
hibachi is the perfect combination for a big bowl of shit lol
On the plus side, after this retirement shenanigans blows over, I will not have to look at Tony LaRussa's face anymore!
Just bought his first share of stock
if I'm going to be followed by a beach I'm glad it's Chris Beach
#thingswelearnedontwitter - MahoneOnEllen is gone on TT because he is taking over the world just like Justin Bieber's trending topics
Why are old people such cheap asses? Just witnessed some old dude pay $10 in change for his groceries
an aye i jus watched the vid under the music catagory. that shit was dope as hell man. i cant figure out how to hear more tho?
SOX: Another game, another fast start for the #RedSox over the #Mariners. RBI 2B's by David Ortiz and Adrian Gonzalez make it 2-0, B1.
Creativity is the sudden cessation of stupidity.
I am not [enlightened] but I can think [freely], I know of [peace] but I cannot [uphold] it, The way of [feeling] is a misunderstood emotion
/ on 1 song from Rollin Stone?! YES!
Don't be mad at me boo I'm not your baby father
Congrats to a whole bunch of ladies from #LAX, going on international internships galore this fall!
"Circulation is the chicken."
Peace and quiet. I like those moments.
We met the lovely Millissa in NY two months ago at a market event and wanted to chime in and say hello! We hope all is well!
Ben & Jerry's made a frozen yogurt flavor for Jeremy Lin ("Taste the Linsanity") & put FORTUNE COOKIES in it?! You've got to be kidding me.
hey I'm sitting right next to you!;)
All shall be well!
Very nice.
what is the best thing about being famous ?
Does yr fitness routine include proper strengthening of core abdominals? These muscles help support the back, a must for pain-free living.
RT I'm on a strict exercise/diet regiment starting tomorrow. Needs to get back into it.
WATCH MY VIDEO AnD FOLLOW Me PLZZ ITS LoL<U+E105><U+E409><U+E405><U+E414><U+E057><U+E40D><U+E057><U+E057><U+E057><U+E056><U+E415>
Facebook Users Shared Their Songs 1.5 Billion Times in 6 Weeks [STATS]
so excited!!
very smart.
ur hugging a dog in yours.. And who took it your dad ?
Japan ruling U.S republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich to use women's Muslim headscarves.
and today I fell in love w Eden Bernardy at Margie Haber's Studio - it was Day 1 of the Intermediate Intensive :)
#JustRememberThat I'm always a step ahead
I'm glad you're doing great though :-)
I always got one. If I don't then I am the designated driver. Play it Smart is what I say
The elephant just won't leave the room
Thank you jill!! You too!! RT : Happy mothers day to all the milfy's!
Change the gender. Call "him" Sir Isaac. ;-)
Please connect to power.
very good advice!
The older one. They wrote his name: "Ahmad El Shaibani"
I might get fat whn i get a car
House parties are over but the fun is just beginning. 2-4-1 cocktails and shots the rest of the night!!!
To be honest, don't get your hopes up.
you are sweet! but LOL, headline makes it sound like we're doing the show. We are in audience! Though a surprize is possible...;)
Another one coming.
filming tomorrow.
the concert was amzing! :D
If you've signed up for your account at opengrooves.com, we'll be opening it up to beta testers very soon. If not, go sign up!
loving - PERFECT summer sunshine music!! check out echo boom - & his cover of black & yellow is awesome
Home Cooked #Dinner + Parks & Recreation =
Watching Doggfather. Funny ass show!!!!!!!
MLK jr Day of service is still accepting sign-ups! Some great trips to get involved in the community.
Can someone get me a new phone... :-(
A ROASTED FREAKING NUT!!!!
Can't wait to see you either Nicholas..#bank runs RT : Sorry, but I had to mute you until Mar 28, 2012 1:59a
Happy New Year all...<U+200E>"One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this: To rise above the little things." - John Burroughs
Me! ": Who misses the days when music television was actually music television? "
did you get a new phone?
It's going to be a good night...
Good Luck today! Go Brewers!
Got this algebra II final in a couple mins...
ThMorUKno: APOCALYPSE=old word & means 2 open, etc. APOCALYPTICISM is “associated w/ th NuTestmnt apocalypse, esp the immanent end of hist.”
Super excited to watch #DanceMoms and #JerseyCouture tonight!!
Jets are legit....tuck rule? :(
Some people accidentally walk on your feet and apologize, while others stomp all over your heart and don't even realize
Happy President's Day! Finish the weekend strong with cocktails at Rouge. Try a specialty cocktail like the Lychee Martini!
normally at this point of #thebachelorette i would have like 10 new boyfriends. um-nothing so far. whats up with cinderella guy? LOL!
I feel out of the loop. What's C and P?
Senior Software Engineer - 115k - 125k - Direct Hire - Requires participation in multiple project lifecycles from inception to transition, …
Apologies I tend to curse when I feel strongly negative towards something.
good lord... What will I do with you ha
Now I'm getting psyched to see Bjork tonight.
Thanks to you Annerley for listening and for been here! It means a lot. Enjoy your CD :)
-- hopefully she's spend the night.
Some teenagers need drugs,Some need alcohol but me, I just need a good nap. :) 2 people follow me please.. (:
If you are using Path, why?
you can now listen to us on your android or iphone find us on whotune
that counts! You opened the door for someone else. Now I just need to find out where you see money on the street :)
Timbers travel to New England to face the Revolution today...Let's Go Timbers! Will be live on ROOT Sports
You can do it Lindsey!!!
You Should Have 5,6787609 Followers! :D
thanks for a great presentation in sunny San Diego
no problem, double door on the 19th!
Golf Realty Network welcomes new Member Agents Monty Cooper in Sedona and Jerry Osgood in Las Vegas
sounds good
It is amazing how much crisper the general experience of life becomes when your body is given a chance to develop a little strength.
Just saw your note about being a rockstar at #GPPCMA - thanks for the compliment!
Welcome to the Fraternal Order Of Outrageous, Crazy Kids #FOOOCK hahaha
LowTax! LTNS sir! I must beat you at Elite Force Multiplayer again some time....:)
Stern to the refs before the game - "We can't let a massive market like NY not get into the playoffs. Make it happen."
a happy chef makes others happy
Kitties are wonderful!!! Have a blessed day.
Thank you for clearing that up!
Ah, apparently he IS a guard. So that helps.
you just got to "crush" it, if you know what I mean.
See you on the front seats on the train on down, because I'll be there with ya.
Booyaa - congrats dude!
If you need graphics or printing has you covered. i will beat your current printers price!!
explain to me why everyone isn't open and honest!
Ah its storming at the beach its so loud
& should follow us right? We're 1 of VA's best #festivals - the #RVA - gotta love us!
Yet, another scene was shot recently as an add-in the film. Since wrap, we've shot two additional scenes. Cut almost 5.
texting isn't working downtown. Only twitter is working.
I haven't gone in for a workout yet, but the facility is pretty packed with everything id need. Starting tomorrow.
Institute Fall Bash happening tonight! 7:00 Annandale Stk Ctr. SVU's The Fading Point--awesome--will be performing! Don't be late!
I'm convinced the office coffee has 45x the caffeine than any other coffee. Possible Colombian crop crossing.
craving fox's ginger crunch creams right now. Oh so bad!
": While fisticuffs and Don fixing the sink were good... All boys and no Sally makes Mad Men a dull show"
The problem we face is not necessarily that we are overworked, its that we are undernourished! -Don Colbert, M.D.
Want a 2 for 1 fitness evaluation? Offer ends this month!
damm lol looks like it's growing freaking amazingly he's gnna get a nice pound or so outta that bad mamajama! xD. Free halfyy:)
meeting in 8 minutes must prepare! Thanks #smNPchat glad to get to join in.
This may apply to physical health, but mental health info really benefits from localization, cultural
you're welcome!
RANDOMEST text of the month!
If the loser keeps his smile, the winner will lose the thrill of victory
En route to Basel, Switzerland with RCDC Experiment
": I'm 18 years old and out of high school #hopoff" well arent you cool?
Great! They're currently doing some sport activities, but flea markets should resume by the end of March, I believe.
and the show tweeted back to me that they *are* watching the stream...so, they didnt see anything there worth reporting on?
Off to sit in an MRI & listen to bad elevator music. Say some #prayers they don't find any critters living in mah' noggin. O.o
I think I am going back tomorrow to get it. There was no returns so I was nervous!
"I'm running thru these hoes like the whiteman did our land" - native american rapper
So how soon till you have a pl adapter out for the EF c300? Too bad canon didn't go interchangeable.
If I don't believe in the music then I do nothing. If I feel it, whatever I can to take it to the nect level.
Bring it on. will take you down, , will you be the judge?
Maddie and I...mostly Maddie just saved a red headed woodpecker from Tuna...the neighborhood stealthly cat.
Its time Miami!!!
Recovery International Tool of the Day: You can’t control the outer environment.
Long, deep, Sigh....
Spring season over. Ben was MVP - Scored a touchdown in every game :-) Undefeated! Great season Beasts! Proud of my boys ...
SNL is good again again!
very true - it also means never having to look for instructions
game is now on mlb network, SCORE!!!
Should have packed my peacoat.
Yes, unfortunately. I have changed my password three times already.
Really-unqualified??? RT : Issa said he rejected the one potential female witness because she was unqualified to speak about this.
i think you might qualify as a bad dude
“: that song trill” it really is . I thought I was one of the few who knew SGP
Stay golden pony boy
I still listen to Clapton's 24 Nights regularly.
In the same bar I noticed a cock roach belly up on the bar. If I saw it in the first 30 seconds, how did he nor the bartender see it? Sick
If swimming is so good for your figure, how do you explain whales?
thank the lord for waking me up for another day (Y)
Started week w/2 acting events. Now have 5. That's what I get for working on my career instead of waiting for it to happen.
The Tupac punchlines are starting to border on depressing.
Very few things better than a Ray Allen three
Good luck! Let us know if you need any tips or tricks!
This would probably not be a good time to go streaking then. Just a thought. :P
im pulling for a vinny/snookie wedding before #jerseyshore is finished!
me either!
Sometime I feel like I am so average in my achievements. So many others can see things in me that I cannot see myself. Just 1 of those day
What could $102,000,000 do for kids programs? What can YOU really do for NYC borrows? Be creative - don't cut kid's futures
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
That awkward moment when you're watching a movie with your parents and a sex scene comes on.
Fuck tht btch. She turn off her fone n expect my ass to wake up extra early to catch the bus to her house. Get tf outta here
The princess Diana thing wS really cool
The gift of serenity
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter ~ Martin Luther King Jr
Oscar viewing parties gaining momentum this year, serious coverage before, during, after make more valued asset for brands
Double-RTing yourself has to break some sort of unwritten Twitter rule.
Well this will do nothing to quiet those that thought the perfect game by Phil Humber was a fluke.
lol sorry bub, I'm not French
I guess it may help.. but I don't understand what my issue is. I pray about it.. I talk about it.. and yet I just can't get it together.
“Modern music is as dangerous as cocaine” (Pietro Mascaqni)
Going for a run for the first time since August.
Need to get my college clothes for friday...always unprepared.
How many vodka sots have you had?
I'm worried about in his grief cave. Will he emerge before next season?
It depends nmn sa tao e. A friend, I'll let him know first coz I know single xa.
thanks for following, im actually looking for singers/songwriters right now to work with.
Congratulations! Here's to the next 410!
The Stanley Cup Playoffs. There's nothing like it.
You need to be following Nicole Williams author of the new book "Girl on Top" she rocks!
yeah i did but... i didnt think about that haha
Could use a good talk with right now.
M breakfast the best meal of the day... :)
I was just about to hit J about that... Couldn't remember the name. Thanks Champ! #trainhard <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
First attempt at Frito pie, didn't work, 7/11 ran out of chilli. Still better than most of my childhood.
When ur in a group to work together and nobody does anything. Then there's that one btch who criticizes you on everything you do.
Shaped, cut, same shit.
Dustin, its good to have you back in Texas!
I'm doing just fine, suga lips!
Because I'm in such a good mood ^_^
If I'm not following u and u want a follow back, just ask (:
me too!
Working on the new website as King of Peace gets added to more radio stations each day! God is good!
Strapping young lad from Dallas, Tx, Proficient in language of G.O.L.F., Handicap 0, creative and competitive
OakIvy, LLC is a publisher/distributor of fiction books. If ur a lit agent or writer looking to publish query us at
Happy 91st birthday to legend Ray Bradbury.
Have I mentioned how much I absolutely loathe law school, and I'm not even in it?
The best way to predict the future is to create it
Thanks for following us at ActingInLA!\
The Force is with you.
like it, love it...got it at Ross
This is great - you did such an awesome job! you are one of my fave directors!
Everyone download the song #GLADYOUCAME from
THE MERRY WIVES OF WINDSOR in a wild bar hop through the 1930s will open June 15th for a six week run
wish i could just work from home
Hot 100 and fight weekend! Let's go!
RT IF YOU FROM THE BURGH
The battlefield of the IDF's culture war: Jewish identity - Haaretz
Brilliant artwork!
no bother. just have to follow the twitter account
Question: When was your first massage treatment?
I disagree. There's a civility to the apology that is less about fault than simple politeness and connection.
just got home :) you?
I'll be in Austin next week for Affiliate Summit Central & ShareASale Think Tank. How about after your event, the week of 28th?
Decently Funny #105 - Live from Reality Rally
Gone Chopin. Bach in a minuet.
I love it when the rain ruins my plans to go lay in my driveway and look at the sky.
story of my life.. hahahaha
like changing shirts, making dinner, and spilling all over my shirt?
I'm craving some baked macaroni and cheese !
#dsoc #sla2011 arrived in Philly had lunch at Reading Market, picked up regis mats. Got my verizon modem turned on. Let the "games" begin!
I remember cartoons and cereal on Saturday mornings
Just saw this sign: Moms eat free on Mother's Day at Hooters.
Feature Fragrance Friday! What's your Black Friday scent?
Puttin up CHRISTmas decorations... It's that time again
PLease guys help me get 500 followers!!! I want to follow more but but first i need more followers!! Can y'all give me shoutouts please?
Cael Sanderson wins a spot on the 2011 world team....
they'll sing at random haha
Our page has a new look! Hope everyone likes it...
i knew you lived in Texas its just that she bully's me alot and she tries to intimidate me so I just wanted 2 prove her wrong
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: over turned vehicle Northbound I35 at Onion Creek causing traffic delays for about 1/2 mile
Getting some work done at Borders and got caught up in a local theater production. I need an office.
#phdadvice Write every day - 500, 750, 1k words. Adds up quickly & writing is thinking
I'm done wit nuebela welling and breen
Congrats on your bro being drafted tonight!!!!!!!!!
Wendy's just gets better and better!
Life should never have an intermission- download- InSpotter mobile app
UW police Chief Susan Riseling says 41 22 calibre long rifle hollow points found on concrete areas near Capitol doors.
I found the music to be incredible at the ASCAP Music Cafe here at
Had an awesome meeting yesterday. 5 new attendees came out! LP Atlanta's getting ready to bring the pain in 2010.
Right there with you. Obama "allowed" "capital too much power" after 2008. Yep, right there with you.
are you shocked by that amount? That is the going rate better not fall apart this year
is a funny dude! follow him
Now go back home to Maryland where you were born and raised, Yankee fans.
Heard a lot of talk about getting up early......first one's on me before 7am.
S/O TO ALL MY FELLOW AQUARIANS
Congrats on your new ! Looks very classy!
Why do smart people fall for pyramid schemes?
I had THEE most detailed beautiful dream with you last night! Its a whole story!
We can have more than we've got because we can become more than we are.
Two more tweets till my 1,000
Great cover story! Love the subject, Milwaukee is kinda the "Green" trendsetter, who knew?!
I love you & miss u. I'll tell her xoxo . Check yur DM
Commiserating with members of my reviewing staff about Beasties shows we saw. I should go to bed.
But I thought you liked snuggling.
I enjoy the train wreck that ensues when people have to sing multiple names in the birthday song.
How do I become a Chicagoland carrier for Becker?
ROTFL The Weather Channel says you should keep your children & pets in during the hurricane. Good idea!.
Holy crap. I just discovered dill pickle flavored popcorn.
Meetup for Open Textbooks Reason 4: "I'd like to see how your model works and may be interested in a future project"
Rebounding is a problem for Hylanders.
wait I'm lost who down the street?
: #82 just dropped a pass for a first down. Terrible.
Web414 is looking for additional ideas and resources on Responsive Web Design for Feb meetup. Please, reply with suggestions.
TM's file naming and file saving location configuration feature gives the user many options and a lot of flexibility.
Just woke up from the best nap.
~ Yoga is the practice of quieting the mind. ~ Patanjali
Very exciting news! Norton's free Family Online Safety Guide is now available, in small quant, in Spanish!
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.- Muhammad Ali
: This is really impressive sir. Nice work… Really nice work.
#AWD students: don't forget we're meeting in 422 Holmes today and Wed.
Nothing's more appropriate for Instagram's nostalgic lens than a shot of the space shuttle flying to D.C.
you are great- wondering if you could follow back my account-trying to build it up!-tnx
If there is one basic element in our Constitution, it is civilian control of the military.
#truthis I've never liked you.
NEWS ALERT: At least 2 people dead after explosion in Moscow's Domodedovo airport via
Best of luck to and his beautiful bride to be today! Thinking of and so happy for you both.
Ask SCORE: Follow Doug’s lead and specialize
Hi Sherri - thanks for following Better Wine Guide! Your blog looks great!
Next Show: Wed May 25, Renfield's Corner, Dallas, Tx 9pm
that awkward moment when jackie and kelso make the same movie with different people.
RT : Fertilizer is what's wrong with us too. We pollute our water just to have greener grass.
RIP Macho Man Randy Savage, he's dropping elbows on angels now
Klinsmann wants attacking play
Faded , faded , faded .
“Ordinary riches can be stolen, real riches cannot. In your soul are infinitely precious things that cannot be taken from you.”
How's the Swiss International Congress on Anti Aging Medicine & Surgery? Is Geneva as beautiful as I imagine?
our room is sparkling its so clean....lol jk
np. How have the birds been liking the moths?
Haha you're welcome.
The horror. The horror.
really? oh sorry! & now? :3.
Anytime mate. You'll be getting an email from me over the weekend. I'm pumped about it!
Food Truck Friday with & Thanks !
oh YOU fancy huh?! lol
Looks like 2012 is going to bring some fun concessions!!!!!!! Let us know if you have an event that needs food or treats!
How about a blog post on MS Access?
Home sick. :/
Agreed. Now I remember why I quit going to this place.
got me extra crunk this morning. I can't wait for the New Edition concert.
4 days until DC! Have you posted your ideas for afternoon sessions on the blog yet? Do it tonight and get some feedback
Here we go yo, here we go yo, so what's, so what's, so what's the Linario?
save ur hater talk til we meet up w yall. then go hide under your covers til your ass stops hurtin
Accepting all applications for the ZDU (zombie defense unit) now! Apply through direct message or mention me in a tweet...
Bitches eat me up like my name is Russell Stover! thanks for shout out
who's tryna get tatt'd today??
Give it all you've got because you never know if there's going to be a next time.
#Twitter is a pice of shit :P
The awkward moment when you're waiting for a text, but then you realize you're the one who didn't reply.
hey Teddy, hey!!!
"There's a lot of low-hanging fruit for marketers to make the inbox experience better"
call me back
Essential oils are ok if you are using them for a hot oil treatment and going to shampoo the hair and scalp afterwards.
Isaac Lane has signed with Miami Dade College!!
I accidentally all the mango salsa.
Happy Birthday ! Have a blessed day :)
Blah, gotta get ready soon;
Aw Kyle isn't working at Sonic today.
Of course. They seem pretty limited in the broadband case, though.
Excited to go visit a friend in D.C. in a week! Haven't been in a few years, what should I see/eat?
is playing this Wednesday at Mercy Lounge with DeRobert and the Half Truths with D-Funk spinning funk and soul....only 5 bucks!
wow indeed. I'll certainly try to make that.
Sometimes I feel like people only wanna come to my house to get food -_-
Food is making me sleeeeeppyy
So should we just start calling them "Victoria's Secret Service" now or what?
Driving back to Columbus today. Mixed feelings. I love my city but by god, I hate the north. I already miss everyone.
I hate time machine but love it because it's saved my rear before.. .If i didn't need daily backups i'd a quick cloner or rsync :(
happy 327th birthday bach!!
well if it's not too cold a little rain doesn't hurt anybody ;)
Last week of classes. Getting my summer book pile in shape. Dialectic of Enlightenment, here I come.
agreed! And thanks!
RT My favourite Celine Dion song is the one where it's muted all the way through.
The best time to do something worthwhile is between yesterday and tomorrow.
Once-white socks Wash up daily Against the sofa's legs Like driftwood Around the stilt legs Of a beach house
Who came out to the event last night? What did you think of our Spa??
How do you not like JaVale McGee?
Either my phone ain't getting texts or someone sent out a memo not to text me back today. I'm leaning more towards the second one.
Tune in to All Things Considered with , at 4p on
Idk y but ii love this song.!
time to head back to the west coast
I love hearing non-xmu content on the station. I keep hoping for the weekend you allow listeners to take over.
Listening to my bro's road rage. Talking bout some fat lady!
Doing laundry and catching up on the DVR
oh I know right!!!!
Cool! I like the photo... sent you email about meeting tomorrow....
lunch has been cancelled due to a lack of motivation...deal with it
Yeah, I got that text too. I thought it was just to pay, we'll find out I guess.
Dear Life, I have a complete grasp on the fact that you are not fair... so please quit teaching me that lesson.
name the piglets porkchop and bacon bit :)
If u are in the huddle and one of your teamates had a booger in the cornerof his nose would u tellem
Insane. But such is the life of a writer. Keep me up on your novel. I want to read/review! Excited for you!
try Nashville to Illinois.
Do you know what the mafia is?!
Thank you so much! ;o)
Celebrate Oreo Cookie's 100th Birthday!
First full day of spring training was a success. Now all I gotta do is memorize 160 players' names so I know who I'm talking with...
Great win by our team today over Cal State Fullerton. The youngsters grew up some more this game. Proud of all 12 guys dressed out today.
i don't think i've ever seen it fly by so quickly, was hard to keep up with everything. makes for a fun day! i'm ready for Rox!
No. Federal judges are nominated by the President and confirmed by the Senate before taking their place on the bench.
Im a season tix holder so Ill wave to you...lol...or maybe we can tailgate!
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe. Anatole France
If I have my Algebra 1 EOC today <<<<<
u just killed it! You looked like you were having so much fun !! Highlight of my day!
if #google did actors, Stephen Seagal would be the result
is your laptop getting Internet? Hopefully!
Do not seek praise. Seek criticism. -Paul Arden
Write on, brother!
RT : Chapman is so dirty.
#Backwheniwasayoungin i could be anyone i wanted to be
why we have a crib in our attack is beyond me. More kids will definitely not be happening.
what do you mean "in the full LGBT description"?
haha. That low battery beep will haunt my dreams forever. I heard that beep more than my actual ringer.
Three years. 18 credits/year costs same as 13. Saved year of tuition by getting done faster.
THE STRIP IS BACK!! 934 WINCHESTER ROAD!! GRAND OPENING THIS SATURDAY!! ALL NEW 21+ CLUB !!!!!
Wow I do read a lotta men...More women writers in 2012.
I was on meds for that last month. They messed me up
Alex please follow me ? :) <3 that's my one and only dream .
THIN LIZZY, YOU FECKER! // RT : Hey, you know what sucks? IRISH MUSIC.
RT : Our vision: helping brands unlock the passion of their customers
They came out with a now 42... That's fucked up
I can imagine! Have to try it at least for that... #thaimex in
70 parents and 500 students later...hello, laryngitis! I had an amazing time getting it though ;)
(jen) Really slow connection at the cafe this morning. Hope my upload doesn't time out!
How the fuk is it tj, tj already has a twitter account
tommy got a kid...but ill shoot you in the face andre
MT grantee of the day:'s ArtSmarts prog. sends museum educators to participating Richmond pub schs each wk.
NO NO NO NO NO
You're the weakest kid I know.
Imagination is more important than knowledge
he is! I talked 2 him last night. I'm really exited 2 work w/him, party w/you guys & live in the wind city, we gonna have fun!
do you actually know the rules or are you just trained to say "the refs made the right call"?
let's do it
toy hell at
So glad you, & enjoyed photo booth! :)
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other
Bernal Heights with the yellow moon over it looks fake tonight. Wow.
(cont) Grafton says humanists "are marginalized in academic life unless they adopt a kind of parody of the scientific method" (cont)
Daaa Bills. We got a better wildcat than the NY Jets now
still have paychecks to cash and shit
Hopefully today is better then yesterday
me too!!! Thats most definitely a key for me to getting through those busy ass days ;))
This is terrible....at least I'm partially doing my sociology homework. Kinda.
Are you really Gonna be in Philly tonight performing??
Happy Valentine's day to all our friends!
My bed and I have a great relationship, we sleep together every night. (;
Woodlake area without power
Shit, just got real !
I tried doing you're clap and you said "there's no going back." Haha.
Finishing LITTLE BRAT shooting schedule. So sleepy...
LET'S GO NC STATE! still proud of my alma mater. Helluva game. Now let's go CARDS and Kansas, beat UNC!
Happy to have tax day over!
Thanks! I submitted a quote on your site.
good luck!
We can finish in last place with out Hoyer!
I had something in my eye. Went in the bathroom to look. It was a dog hair! They get everywhere.
breathtaking display of guitar playing. Cuban band a very tasty condiment that did not overwhelm main course
“: Zubrus on the ice now...” he'd be good at soccer.
What the hell kind of organization doesn't have Chris Shelton as an available topic? Step up your game,
are you looking for local neighbors or can virtual neighbors join the block?!
Watching "2012 NFL Draft" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
": She makes it through the entire video of "2 girls 1 cup" #ShesAKeeper" nope
Hansen camp huge sigh of relief with No. 14. (inadvertently tweeted 13 previously)
Looks like this season will be a goodie (from what I've seen)
End of next week. RT : good to see you Fred, hope to see you in #TheLabNYC soon!
Please tweet me<333333333 i am such a huge supporter, i have been for 3 years and i always will be<333333 :)
its 11:11 :) i made my wish
To you too! For Leap Day, we are cleaning JUMPsuits, for free! Bring em in, to EcoClean, 2915 Gualalupe
Im a loser because I don't answer my phone. -_-
are you from Carolina?
It feels good to have victory Monday again
Man wtf wings you're sloppy out there!
It's good to be back in the swing of Wednesday night trivia with
yes you do:)!
follow me plz and can u and mb come to newark to perform plz... Tweet back
Nearly 50 salvations so far in 2012 // Jesus reigns at UNCC // 1st Summer Service: June 22&23 (RISE Conference) see u then!
Dear budget rental cars. If a customer has a 6:00 confirmed rental you probably shouldnt close before he gets there 5 mins till
why does my phone run away from me sometimes? Phone, please come back. I promise to be nicer and keep you charged up. Just come home, phone!
We did alright for a couple of ladies of a certain age (although I'm much, MUCH older than Wanda...) :)
Harley Davidson: "We fulfill dreams through motorcycling by providing an expanding line of motorcycles and branded products and services."
alright man, I'm ready when you are.
Kung Fu looks so awesome on camera!
she really wants it
haha sorry :( my screen must be super dim because it looks okay to me! guess I may have to change it, boo hoo.
Would you email me whenever you can? I have some follow-up questions to my HuffPo article.
Boo you whore
I clicked on the link expecting to see #DonaldTrump oh well
My foot hurts today ...
There is free coffee in the back of the Jones room
Still looking for a #MovableType consultant to hire for MT version upgrade, templates, plugins, etc. No hurry, but will do when find help.
It's right around the corner :) I can't wait for you to hear it, we put everything into this album <3
She shot the bullet that ended that life
God - he stole the handle - no way to slow down........
Good morning Monika... is that a wild lilac bush?
Ill do everything in my power to get you a hug from someone that matters that night or at least at one of the shows.
Follow Back
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there ! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
the Jets need to draw up some plays that intentionally begin with Sanchez flat on his back.
Fresh off work, time to sleep before music .. Low Key tired of Life !
and Roger and Me
Lol.... no unfortunately not! :)
What can I say? I am so philosophical! haha.
Good morning all... Hope you all have a great day :-)
Paul Sherwen said Byron, CA is a beautifully little town. lol
“: I'm done with you. turned you against me. F Yall. Lol” oh shut up lol..
RT : Look at this little Rock Star ( ) but he turned down my cupcake:( /u can place that cupcake on my desk
biting his nails in this squeaker of a Big East game against Pitt!
#Unity = #Power our presence is best felt together!
you are a very talented & gifted rapper I wish to be like you someday, you inspire me to continue rapping thank you Busta! :)
Tomorrow marks Dr Julie's last day @ Levine Dental. We wish you the best in your new endeavors and we thank you for being part of our team!
query: How to Burn Calories While You Sit? Should I unsubscribe since I'm a publicist and not a fairy godmother?!
Freak hot Winter day - Our neighbor's harley rumbles His prostate healing
You and should come over for cookies some time!
RT : I'm sorry! I'm sure it will be okay :/
you're a coach!
that's so sweet!!!
Yes, yes we do! :] I'll look forward to finally meeting you! :]
TRUTH in LIFE RT : I don't get the obsession with yelling Free (insert name) when they are locked up for committing a crime
A guy's biggest mistake is giving another guy the chance to make "your" girl smile.
Me and last day of school today! We'll my official last day
#thingsthatmakemethinknastythoughts when someone spells "coming" "cumming"
my Dad used to not only repair those TVs, he built them from components.
im gonna write a song about bluejeans,(dont judge me! :p) will u sing it if i do?
Congrats!!! I don't know who is going to be president first someday, You or me? I vote you, so I can have you leftover decor
kk dance tonight<3 tap and technique.. i got this!
You - Lily Allen
awesome! What are your 4th of July weekend plans?
Just spent the last 2 hours hanging up corn in centerfield at Hadlock for the Sea Dogs Annual 'Field of Dreams' Game..this should be special
what's a lawn?
what is your response to allegations that you killed 5 hookers at SMU? I have never heard you specifically address them.
kiss thatdog for me!
im following
My mom was saying I should cut my hair when we were at lunch, but then the waitress interrupted us to say I look like Johnny Depp.
thanks! Yep always a busy week in
I do! Had this very conversation last week with a colleague from
Summers are here and we want new tees!!
Heat suck.
#U.S Capitol Historical Society symposium "Mary Lincoln vs. Congress" 6:30 p.m. Dirksen Senate Bldg. tomorrow.
thanks for following us! nice website!
is a sleepy bear. if i don't answer messages (or for that matter-my phone) for a while i apologize in advance... i'm hibernating.
I don't feel like going to school tomorrow:/
i think my mom forget where she lives.
"I need something to soothe my mouth" "A penis?" -__-
. why, yes, it is! bring me sausages!!
Jake Peavy is from Alabama. If one gun runs out of bullets he has like 80 more.
Do I really look like I'm not white?? No..
So if you were on a deserted island, what one dessert would you want to have?
Okay, I know what "gormless" means, but WTF is "gorm," anyway?
Truth be told: I lost trust in someone.
Dinh: "Okay, maybe I'm wrong."
wow. Thats nice!
Yes, let's all write about Adam and Eve on the AP Bio test
I honestly haven't felt this down since I was living in CT. Wow. I really don't like this feeling.
Anyone aseen the new west suburban commercial? strict pro occupy wall street message. Will gladly be switching to chase this summer.
As requested! (I Tweeted you!) :-)
Been listenin to that new track all night
how are u doing boo?
Welcome to The Albuquerque Museum of Art and History. Stay tuned for news on exhibitions, events and special programs.
Are the extra "u's" because of my name? RT : I wuuuv you ;)
So gone say " i was combing my hair and i felt a baby dread lock. I got dreads ! " lmaooo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> i almost spit my food out!
but keep in mind the phones you buy off that site aren't going to be in great shape. They are affiliated with bestbuy.
Floating on my back beneath the stars and chemtrails, watching planes circle the Burbank airport. Ok, SoCal, you're a little awesome.
Tupac was cool, but I'm gonna need a full Biggie hologram concert!! make it happen!!
Danke! :) RT : Amazing again. Baby back ribs. Whiskey ice cream. Bacon brownies. Yum!
There's so much candy right now
Do you follow fans of your blog?
Wealth Tip: invest 5% of all earnings into yourself. Open a seperate bank acct & save 5% of each pay check. Make it apart of your budget
just considering our audience! But yes!!!
My dogs think my hands have one purpose... Pet me pet me pet me!!!!
- cargo shorts are just sloppy no matter who makes them. I'm not saying a pair of lee jeans does the trick either.
You're ever welcome with me anytime you like, let's drive to the countryside, leave behind some green-eyed look-alikes
Today life threw a curve ball... I will be using that ball to hit life right in the.........
put some icing on my twitter profile today. I need more in my everyday.
When do you change your prices? Whenever you want to!!! Love that. Applies to
mee too me too!
": Confirmed: Cap City Diner is closing." Very sad to hear.
Eating pickles at 230am???
Wildavsky "Mobility is empowering" free trade in minds
Honored to have you aboard Sir. Let me know if there is ever anything I can do for you, the troops, or our veterans.
that line's infamous.
also learn the facts before you bash th trade check jose campos stats other guy they got
I'm hiding in my closet with my two cats while I eat the marsh mellows in my lucky charms And feeding my cat cheese.
looks like the #EURUSD is bouncing off the 200 mva and head towards 1.36
Went to church with my mom i ate the cracker but put some cheese spread on it
looks like she robbed a Christmas tree.
1st trip back with #Xavier Buffalonians was Tim Hortons (exit 97 near Columbus) followed by Mighty Taco.
ik it's not ur face!!! And yes he is! But why does he have money on him?
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANDROID TABLET REVIEW: HP TouchPad Custom Fit Case
I think we should start taking random english pope tweets and translate them to pirate via
because having a silly session looks like a lot of work
Sgood siddds hit me with a follow back nigh
Hey! I'm going to be in your area today around noon. Want to grab coffee? I'm around later in the day too.
New pipe inspection technologies include Laser Profile (for crack measurement) and pipe scan technology.
Lakers are done they going Home!!!
North Korea blames Yoko for the break-up.
I'm a Santa Monican. Aren't you a Venetian?
Ahaha You Watch Ur Mouth JACOB.. Lls Love You
GO RAMS AND BEAT THE CARDNIALS!!!
Happy Birthday Brad Marchand! <3
Watching recast of dedication of 'Reading Corner' brought to you by Staples on BNN.
I love being a Mahomie. The best feeling in the world is looking at Austin & seeing him smile<3
couldn't view iPod video.....
not sure I know what a tweetup is but a meetup sounds great. Might go to CSHA but I'm just slammed these days...
. I keep a credit card swiper in my backpack and charge $2.99/minute to talk. And yes, I'll do "adult chat".
Haha Cause When We Wake Up & Have To Get Our Beds Checked One Of Us gotta Know How To Spread It & Stuff. & I don't-__- lmao
Fingers crossed that there's a Green Jello reference coming next...
i love outlook 2010 quick steps, i love them so much i want to export them so that i don't have to recreate them ever again, anybody?
at least they'll lose that many playing the right way.
That was high!
Though I have Cerebral Palsy, 2 words are always in mind> KEEP GOING.
I just downloaded your new single I Want Somebody (Bitch About) and I love it! Just one more reason to love you!
Does anybody know of someone doing interesting Digital Humanities work in Cape Town, South Africa?
so this is kinda late but omg. those people at the game last night were stupid. ive never seen so many rude, unclassy people in my life.lol
Just bought the beach yoga groupon in Chicago....hopefully I like yoga! Lol
I have a crush on Kim Kardashian (:
“: One last statistic to cap off an unbelievable year: 41% of the #iubb roster earned a degree today.”
Rosen: "...about 15K to 17K will be going to the stadium to watch MLS". Are there even 15K soccer fans in the US? We're a rare breed.
It's a Tool kind of morning.
Six flags! Maybe haha
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood. ~ Oscar Wilde
How would the black poverty and unemployment rate be if black "mega" churches were to put their resources together?
wat r u getting? Im gettin my first tattoo for my 18th birthday this year(:
last night was my leg, had pants on though! Im little concerned too but luck is how you look at the situation huh?!
Chicken Butt & free books for #headstart kids?! 2 and 4 pm - Session # 528 & 527, Governor’s Chamber A!
Look out, ur gonna get al 91 of those dudes followers on ur case.
hehehehe:) im posting 2cover videos on youtube...WATCH THEM!!!!!! please:)
“: Sometimes walking away is easier than just standing there and acting like it doesn't bother you.”.
that's a great song. I love that entire album though.
when did that drop. I didn't see it on the ghetto new york's best seller list
Now craving chocolate covered strawberries !
And thanks for the follow, beautiful.
3 more days. 3 more days. 3 more days.
Glad you are there to help Dallas Thank you for the follow!
Ok I sent you a message did ya get it?
Avon Street is closed, just south of Rockland Avenue due to heavy rain and constrution.
today I was feeling like (enough is enough) I like this one too!
where on the article does it say the student is gay? I saw this as classic bullying...
Hey guys! We go on at 8:30 tonight at And don't forget, it's free for 21 & up from 7-10 pm.
Sketchers to pay $45 Million for deceptive ad related to fitness shoes. Shape Downs.
I need summer to be as long as the school year
#austin dont forget about Family Day tomorrow!
It's all lies. Just like all the sunscreen that tells me it's non-greasy.
For Memorial Day Weekend please be safe and enjoy the comfort of our classic American cakes and brownies.
Cabin in the Woods is AWESOME! Everyone go see it next weekend. Thanks for getting that one in.
Abundance can be had simply by consciously receiving what already has been given. ~Sufi Saying
Good morn ladies Dude is back
Really looking forward to relaxing this weekend
OMFG that video was fucking good af ! I so think & nas should date now ! my life is slayed ah
RT : We’re so impressed with the #WFFConf12 attendees. Thanks to everyone it such a success. Safe travels home!
#ThatAnnoyingMoment when you put something in the oven & then when you go check on it you realize you didnt even turn on the oven ! :/
when i go to your profile it says im already following you
follow me!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The Attorney General offers free child support aid but be patient because each attorney handles 7000 cases.
My cat wont lemme sleep!!! Its almost 2 am... NOT PLAYTIME!!
What the whole world wants is a good job.
We were in Kentucky. Now in Tennessee. Georgia, we are coming for you next.
so obsessed.
Again with the Phillips batting cleanup thing.
While I think Titanic II is stupid, I doubt it will have the SAME ISSUES the original ship did. We aren't in 1912 anymore.
Off to First Thursday! (via ) look forward to seeing you! Aaron will be taking the stage at 6:30...
Rock on!
I'm starting to get real tired of this shit.
many thx to crew for your support of & young literati's book drop bash! sorry i was too shy to say hi.
u always make my day! :)
RT : Who wants a FREE one month membership for SEO, Backlinking, Traffic and Keywords Training...?? I'm giving a couple away!!
Sun bathing :)
Today 6:30 52nd oak free screening, reception discussion of Pray the Devil Back to Hell re: women who demanded peace in Liberia
Jimmy! Come get me! Wait, where's my flask?
when does csi miami return
Thanks for the save the date RTs everyone (2/11/10)! Hope to have our website up and running later today. Stay tuned!
wat u been up to latey
Yep back in Denver at 9news. What station are you at now? Are you still directing?
Responses mixed to news of sale
It is all around you, waiting to be taken in...
If your business takes phone calls, and you advertise online, you need KeyMetric: www.keymetric.net
Does anybody have an invite for they can float to me? Didn't think it would be hard to sign up!
Im n2 that headboard bashing, neck chocking, ass smacking, u shut the fuck up & better not make a sound while I'm killin that pussy
I see we've gone over 400 FB followers. Welcome and please join in!
Car Crafters makes sure that you receive confident repairs after your collision or timely maintenance when a part goes bad
The digital library is a horseless carriage--a transitional concept to something much faster and better.
WTF? I take a nap &... RT : AP confirms LA Times report: Would-be al-Qaida bomber was working for CIA and Saudi intel all along.
Many thanks to the NO RULES Book Club of south St. Pete for a lovely afternoon. We enjoyed great food & a lively discussion of BENT ROAD.
On the air 6:50. HA! I just put an empty milk carton back in my fridge. why I'm not allowed to make decisions until after coffee
GW Parkway Classic this morning. Go crew!!!<U+E00E>
everywhere man. everywhere.
5:12 and it is almost dark!
Whos ready for mothers day ?
Thank you for great info on Merchant Circle!!!
same here! but if I go to highschool, I'll be going to a whole different school as ALL my friends :/
Designers are almost not even innovating anymore. Obsolescence forces this, yet still creating jobs/revenue at the same time
We want to tour with Who would come out?
Saw a mother at a gas station digging thru back of an SUV, 2 kids in car seat and she's smoking. At a gas station. Only in
Only three days left to get your pre-sale tickets for FC Brewfest!
All my dreams and all the lights mean Nothing without you- lana del ray "without you" seemed fit for a certain persons upset feeling :(
It depends on what type of YA you're going for. I do a lot of author sites. If you want to talk, let me know! Cheers!
retweet this if u from Kansas City!
We've won another round against #PIPA! 2 cosponsors ask to cancel cloture vote.Thanks to every1 who contacted their rep
Missed ASMP-SD Holiday party tonite due to postproduction. Hope you all had a great time. Happy Holidays.
. no one has ever seen Chris Collins and the Dowager Countess of Grantham in the same room. Coincidence?
Poets = really boring rappers
What happened to the value of human life? Stop the violence and senseless killing!
Chris Brown better win
#WhenABoyFightThey Always Pull Up There Pants And Take Off There Shirt
You've changed so much, I just want you to know that I will be here forever, regardless of how much you do.
Samsung Galaxy S I Announced: Eye-Tracking, Siri Feature
I cannot wait for this semester to be over with!!!!!!!!!!!! #pleasehurry !!!!
Ok now I can get crackin' on this Mass Effect 3 thing!!!
Completed my 3rd Kettle Bell Training last night... quad muscles very sore, and I out right admit I have NO ab muscles.
miss you more, WHERE have you been?? Let's get together this wkend!! Kisses, muahhh =)
Me and Brittnay-nay are thinking about making a YouTube channel...
"Remember pain is temporary, you can't go through life without it. You will never grasp your blessings if you give in to a little setback."
Hey thanks(:<333
Ya, thats fosho....Lets Set Some Thing Up... inbox me your number
n history and the deep connection that occurs in the presence of an artifact--'the very object'--that was touched and used by someone de ...
Makana is awesome!
Bad news for Mr. Kitty: He's got masses on his kidneys.
That's that shit I don't like
That last one was for you but I forgot to link it lol
Good Morning everyone, wish you all a great day !
Since you cant change the channel when two things are recording, I guess Ill just watch ABDC. Too lazy to go upstairs to watch the game.
yikes! yeah i'd say thats the best thing to do for sure!i've been doing yoga all week cause i hurt my back lol it's driving me nuts
June 6th. Beat that.
Love the Pic! Lmao look like a whole different nigga.. Ya lips look bigger now Lol! Just fucking with ya! Take care
So Moreno gets a DUI. Can the broncos just cut him already? He did nothing for us so far. #Know-show!
Perfect Game!!!
Student story had "breakfast pastries" in quotes. Makes me not want to eat at that restaurant for fear of finding out what they really are.
Its not delivery its digorno
OH: "I come from a long line of Jews."
yeah for the warmness, an ice latte sounds delicioso....thnx for planting the seed ;)
how sick...Harry Reid must go...
what up big bro. miss yall. be cool fam fam.
I have extremely limited usefulness. I can't help you pick someone up but can probably sometimes get you free Pinkberry.
please tell me I'll Have Another was named as an homage to the Omega House in Animal House
Is it me or is this week going by extremely slow?
I think June will be warmer than average. And her blog says "since Seattle is farther inland than Portland" What??
just noticed the expiration on my half & half was april 30. it still smells/tastes ok though?
your not the boss of me
Someone walk home from work with me tomorrow night. It's supposed to be 76! (and is too busy)
Someone just sent me an email asking that I call them on an urgent matter. I can't make this stuff up.
fml:/ I wanna go to toughman D:
can't DM if you don't follow but the answer to the question is onevsmany -at- gmail -dot- com
bacon the 13th
Q#44 Answer is...D!
Now I should get your tweets. Mobile was off.
Oh well, I'm not even gonna try to fix anything.
ah thanks x
I would buy the games through apple tv but all caps games are blacked out afaict
gerl whatevs. shouldn't you be studying for finals or something, mr. i needa be banned to study?! deathh
When life gives you lemons, suck on them, the sour taste rocks!
AH!! Its cold...er than yesterday... Stupid bipolar MO weather 8(
Empty. Get it? Kidding. My bad.
Check out all week long #SXSW -5th behind FrostBankTower
Thanks! MT A literary journal of poetry, fiction, commentary, at U of C--been looking at your site, and it's pretty nice!
Great. Look for an email from Greg Scott, renegade sociologist and video documentarianologist.
Right back at cha. :) RT : It's that time of the week again
you crack me up.
Sent you an email about what we are doing, hope you can check it out!
NEW PROJECT LAUNCHING IN 2 DAYS! Destination personal training & an incredible online community! www.Twitter.com/Levi_ETB
My bed is calling me, but my schedule has another plans. Filming aka waiting and playing #drawsomething with Peter. God bless technology.
I'm afraid not. Good line-up but all area book authors and I'd read most of the books. So, my first year away. :-(
I just wanted to tell you.... I LOVE YOUR TWITTER BACKGROUND! (:
darryl really yu aint bout that lyf so please
whenever you book with me
Um, Martha Stewart is 70 years old?
yes, i'll take them wherever i can get them. thanks :D
I have literally been laying in,bed all day depressed wow :/
": Just because you compliment me and THEN ask me for something doesn't mean I'm going to do it."
Some days you just feel like a tomato in a fruit basket, where you technically belong, but it just doesnt feel right.
“: fucked up and flawed #deadlwithit” Flawless is the correct term.
What tool do you use to archive a hashtag?
Wow I just woke up hhaaha :D
a scene in a move in class where you see a man from the chest up oh no lets make sure every guy looks away
Had a great time handing out fliers...
We have a big day ahead of us tomorrow...Let's get it
the avengers....amazing.... dead..... speechless. thats al there is to say.
no one should be arbitrarily "stopped" and "frisked" --- both actions cause psychic harm. They are not neutral.
badge fix: reverse diode 3, swap the lower two pins..top one near lanyard remains the same.
": Me and dad made a bet. If I get 100 RT's on this, he'll try to stop smoking. #pleaseretweet" worth a RT.
Sportaneous founders are walking to the White House to receive the Champions of Change award!
would you be allowed to go to sawgrass?
um let's go to the in Santa ana
you are quite welcome!
#Skrillex to kick off the morning and get some motivation to hit the weights.
Meet us tonight @ Favela for a fun night of #kizomba!Bring your comfortable shoes bc it's going to be a long night of dancing!See U there:-)
well, the Republicans retired to, but the Dems said there weren't nearly enough tax increases.
We are having a great day! Hope you are too!
one of my dad's earliest and most influential memories
Listening to the iPod lol I need more followers follow me n ill give u a big big big hug
#thesandlot is on.. one of my favorite movies of all time.
That's #Boilermaker dedication. RT : Work time ill do an extra few reps just for Manning coming to the division.
At the tanning salon with my sister
il Never Miss it (:
Phoebe is invited to stay for dinner at the house of a friend who has 4 siblings. I feel for the mom, Phoebe says "Enough with the empathy!"
One hour till begins! We are ready for you! Perfect outdoor shopping weather
follow this guy his page is hilarious lmao
People are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Cultural foods class tonight- good reminder, some Brazilian & Jamaican foods have #peanuts. Caution if
are you in mobile?
Stephan Ramsay posits, "Do you have to know how to code [to be a digital humanist?...I say 'yes'." What do those at #CICDH think?
I had college stuff to do. :p
"Imagine Breakfast Club meets Glee (delete songs, insert comedy sketches)."
that was a funny episode of Victorious!
thx ED! Well, if true, that is acceptable. Props to CIA Bounce.
WORKING OVERTIME
I wish people liked me so I could have someone to text.
#edchatsa 3 pilots programs for schools: 1. Wireless mesh networks which open opp's for entrepreneurs to develop wifi structure
Thnx. I have a good friend who is a Lt for Kirkland, WA. He alsi does GIS 4 them.
Why do I feel like my boyfriends cheating on me or something? I don't really know how or why I think that though?....
FOLLOW ME PLZZ IF U DO ILL SCREAM SO LOUD THAT U WILL HEAR ME IN ALANTA:-)
Awesom time with Congrats to and you guys!
Family is the greatest thing that one can have. Thank you for being there for me.
book maker or book marking site?
We hit up Chang Jiang at least once a week. Extra MSG, please...
haha the only other person I've ever heard that is my mate who moved to Yorkshire, haha that's a funny word
Show sum FB LOVE..."Like" Passion Parties by Treco!
totally talking to you. P.S. Come to Hell Burger Too
32, 15, 5 for the King. What can you say?
Great news! You get to train your own person now! Lol!
Thanks! Excellent food and service! :)
I feel bad for kids in wheelchairs. I bet they get pushed around a lot.
Twitter. We meet again.
Who wants a personal #imagine ? Tweet me your name :)
Oh really? I missed it. No, I only got a few basic things done. Nothing spectacular though. I was lost with it. How did you do?
Thanks to I now know the origins of the word "pub". As usual, I'm on pins and needs for the next episode.
I CAN'T STOP SAYING DONKEY.
I hear about that all the time,whr is it?
Im shaking. Im not even joking.
BBDC New Happy Hour Menu Now Feature $5 Appetizers and Sushi In Addition To Our Drink Specials!! Come Check It Out!
Who all used to wake up early Saturday mornings to watch Kids WB 33??? :)
better late than never , never late is better.
Grace thank god you are one of 2 friends I can count on Ivan is the other
Sheriff Mink, IMT, animal ctrl and are class acts. Hang in there, guys. Love, Andrea & Todd
Isnt it strange how a day can make a difference.How when we need them the most ,an Angel holds us up,and holds us close.
RT @ I BEEN FOLLOWING U. I MUST SAY YOU HAVE INSPIRATIONAL ADVICE EACH DAY.
Another OZONE ACTION ALERT has been issued, and is in effect until 4 p.m. tomorrow.
we love You Michael a.k.a Travis. I will see you tonight at 10pm at USA.
: This Saturday 1145 Seymour Swan and company New York's top comics rock nyc 9172747467 or 2126965233
Crawl specs and algorithms help researchers assess and understand web archives--Leetaru
bebo down for about 45 minutes now, that's my queue to leave
Barr-owed time art by my friend Judy Nielson
Just went to sleep a couple hours ago and I'm not even sleepy
The pictures are beautiful
“: We are officially up and running, thanks to Blair , Veronique & Erin for their support.”
Oh! Laser! I like! (I have a laser!) Probably not quite like the ones used to etch metal-Oh how I wish! Ha!
Welcome to SA!
I always played as the Penguins. Lemieux was the awesomest.
is anyone wearing their crowns? or
Thanks...I'll check it out!
I'm not #sikedtogethome (:
#IWish Lindsey Stirling would marry me. :D
What I say, is how I feel, so I believe its true...
WOULD YOU RATHER: give Alli a bracelet that she wears everyday, or give her a picture that she looks at everyday?
That doesn't surprise me. If I'm not mistaken, they didn't match the yr after that 42% hike ('01) until lots of fuss was made
All signs point in the direction of AWESOME
Everytime I look at your new avi my head leans to the right. Kidding. I dig the new photo.
Task number one once I get a time machine. Kill the inventor of karaoke.
Just woke up early as fuck this mornin and can't go back to sleep cuz my stomach hurt smfh. Time to take my medicine
are you ready for 'spirit hands'?
Our fav DJ RT : Breaking new tracks and new artists is what I DO!!!! #ChocolateCityMix and #CrackTheCrateRadio .... #boom!!!!
The Pro-Love March was a huge success. Thank you WSBTV for covering the event.
unplanned moments are always better than planned ones.
the smells of the #sfmuni...urine & moth balls
"Be inspired to be more than you are: to inspire others: to help others when they are down! Karma makes the world go round!Melissa LeEllen"
A fool is born everyday...
what does that mean exactly?
I may be ugly, but they sure love to stare.
For the first time in 16 weeks ..no school tmrww :)
There will be a Jake Helman "bonus" for readers before TORTURED SPIRITS comes out!
your house and range rover
Just wanted to let you know that we are inching ever and ever so closer to having a show! I can feel it! =)
Welcome Express your art through the gift of dance...
#YouWereCuteUntil you started acting stupid on purpose
very sorry to hear you didn't get our notifications - we send 3 emails during this process - email me at
app keeps showing that I'm not following ppl I know I added. If I try to click "follow" I get a "forbidden" message.
When I served in the Navy people cursed & spat at me. It is amazing how they treat service members today. I am happy to see it-hope it last!
Wake - The Cloud.. Let's get high to these lows
At # nnicwac with Michael Klare: most existing oil fields will decline production more than 70% in next 20 years
Shit... I thought #dickclark was dead years ago...
It all depends if you look at the glass half full or half empty. Broke, without family, no job, doesn't mean the road ended.
I wanna marry dark chocolate.
The TSA just managed to find a corkscrew with a knife in my carry on. I didn't even know it was there!
Tomorrow night it's another episode of The Rewind @ LOST LEAF!
can narrate any show for me lol
If it's RA, let me know and it's on me!
thx very much. super tweet.
So excited with life and all the infinite possibilities ;-) Keep a positive attitude towards everything and life might end up working out!
I'm the background on your phone? I don't even wanna know what picture
come on D. You have to drive to the basket in crucial situations. That wide open 3 can be fools gold in the 4th.
A5: Name a leader who isn’t visible. Chances are that you can’t.
its working boss! How's the vacation going?
I want to work downtown where I could walk to lunch and a #foodtruck or two!
awe! thank you so are you.
Almost called the suicide hotline while watching Sex in the City 2.
I just dislike these FAKE PPL...who say that got this for ..they got that for you...but in the end they HAVE NOTHING FOR YOU!!!
Thanks for heads-up. Could you send link to ? I can't open tiny link in your DM. Best.
Balogna is the Devils treat RT : Salami is too RT : Baloney is for real niggas
: #Streetlit at it's best. Follow The #UrbanFiction#author #ColeHart is Astronaut Status. Shared via TweetCaster
behave yourself! x
SO glad THAT team is not hoisting the Lombardi in OUR house.
just did bro
Went to Stadium for the first time today and wasn't there. Feels like the occasion was cheapened.
Happy Saturday! is finally here! If you don't cheers me, you don't count. Can't wait to see everyone there!
hell yea!
Word of the week: Bashert- Predestined, fated. Used when talking about two people who seem "made for each other," or a happy coincidence.
Some of the art in the has signs that say please touch. We like that art!
Bring. It. Stairmill.
Happy Thursday! We will have live music on Sunday! Greg Shibley will be playing Acoustic Guitar!
Yinz guys going to the meeting tonight?
Lawns are for Sheep, Yards are for Gardens - www.y2g.org #YardstoGardens is Gardening for Web 2.0 (in minneap, soon in sf)
Just a few dozen followers short of 500. Who will push me over the line? The 500th gets an Indy Newspaper Guild ballpoint pen!
I hate everyone and I wanna be alone.
all 1029 news articles » oakland general strike on google news
found the cutest old looking house in east la (; hopefully we can move in ...
About to pig out for birthday !
. we're also involved in with and working on a solution for the streetlight issue.
Awesome! will begin tastings First tasting will take place this Friday from 5-8pm
The Ultimate Avengers was decent, I like the quality of cartoon versions they have made in recent years. Now for the Ultimate #Avengers 2.
We're looking fwd to partnering with & listening to Plateau customers, this is just the beginning-Lars D. Your phone# Lars? ;-)
Have a blast!
lmao y he cute
lucky i have softball at 8:30 in the morning. :/
my pleasure! all of GODs blessings to you melva!
Had a nice surprise tonight about a former project. Can't wait to see the finished work!
- thank you for coming out in support of marriage equality. You rock!
Hahaha, we're gonna get so fat (;
I’m still waiting for the day that I will actually use xy-(4-20)>x-5y[2+9-7] in real life.
Oh, hark! Tis a #SaturdayLibrarian like me!
I heard that you got to see some Best Websites folks last night.
My dad: Oh you're cutting out a card for your mom? Me: -_- No I'm cutting out Greyson pictures...
not hard. Just make a valid point or disagree with their outrageous argument
MADE | Full Episodes, Photos, Episode Synopsis and Recaps | MTV
Good luck with your public relations career new graduate!
VJ Big Daddy tonight plus some smoking hot go go dancers...stumble in at 10pm
Watching where the wild things are.
maybe a win! that would be splendid! lets go on a massive win streak boys!
hungry. I want Pancakes and Bacon!
going to have a good day. A lil swimming later.
"Building a Library Lab for Emerging Technology" on Monday afternoon!
The song you & me reminds Austin of a beach. RT if you want to go to the beach with Austin(;
Jo Hell once again because he's a badass.....gotta luv the gang tho, or rather, the circle of trust. Greybeard--Snowflake--Sexy Boots--Moi
's repertoire includes Toxic by Britney Spears using 4-8 cellos.
No worries. I have cookies to bring, regardless. C.&I'll be busy tomorrow, so if able, tonight's the better night to call.
Coming up with some questions for right now. Anyone want to know something about #WPSLKC?
Thanks to our new followers for tuning in-can't wait to hear what you've got to say about reforming NYs prison system!
excellent. Welcome aboard. We'll talk. You tweeted during the conference too I noticed.
Mexican food is the best!
#tarantulas do bite and their bites are venomous, but *most* are not dangerous. Toxicity is more like that of a bee or wasp.
#Eng9WOD Who are you as a student: a sycophant, reticent? There's a time to flatter and a time to listen- find the balance!
I'll at least spoil some of the suspense for you: Pedroia ain't getting moved.
Ayyyeeee ": Whipping today !"
So cool I love Oregon
Iont kno bout yall but i b hornier in the am neway!
Community Partnership for Homeless is now CHAPMAN PARTNERSHIP. Please visit their new page on FB & press like. Thanks!
what's wrong?
It's very quick. It's a buffet, so you can get in and out in 30 to 45 minutes easily...
best tweet today RT : Taking spanish in high school finally paid off cause now I can read tweets.
done with this !!!!
We only bring each other tears and sorrow
Good Morning #aas12 #aas2012 Handmade books from India, new looks into locales of #otaku culture & benefit fiction for Japan in booth 310
I am seriously considering selling wine in exchange for bitcoin. Someone talk me out of this.
Getting ready for the NY Upstate ASLA annual retreat! A big welcome to our incoming president: Andrew Hart!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, SINCERELY YOUR TOE.
Can't wait for Andy Pettite debut today!
I'm about to graduate high school, that is. Haha
movies collector
How is business thes days?
"put your name on it"
So I'm up n getting ready for church so morning dollies n genties
but not better teams:) I would live Dempsey, but I don't want his carter to suffer by not being a 1st choice player
if your bored i think you should follow me(;
I'm just pulling your chain Mike!
thxx and i guess
Houston anyone?
sure, go on my website:unforgettaballs.com, look under the heading 'stadiums' and under that, unforgettaball moments.
One knows when one is ill when one looks at Halloween candy (all that chocolate!) and has absolutely no interest.
The best/worst part of #SB45 was the footage of Cameron Diaz feeding popcorn to A-Rod. What did u think? I thought he came off like a diva.
yes sir.
Now im excited for summer(;
Big day politically... the backlash is gonna be horrendous.
All my work Ashley instincts just almost shushed this room during intermission cause it's so loud
thanks for followin' me
#FBsci being positive on Facebook works. Let's end all the negativity!!
I really want to trade if possible
I FEEL LIKE KSWISS MAKING A COME BACK
Don't miss our children's ministry performing Joseph & the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat tonight @ 5p and Sunday at 11a.
& neither is u , hoe
Celtic Irish ale now pouring. Just in time.
I did, enjoying your videos! Loved 10 items! Laura Gellar products look like fun. Its too bad about the parabens & phenoxy.
so have a day off and come tonight
if u only had his hook shot too!
Love when I have a song stuck in my head and it's playing on the radio when I get into the car.
"Time's fun when you're having flies." -- Kermit the Frog. Reminds me of a run I had the other day...yum!
embarrassed to say that I just washed down my multivitamin with a diet pop... oh the irony.
i wish
Hey, Sunshine, HAPPY VALENTINES DAY, hun
#HappyCincodeMayo excited for tonight #MayweatherCotto with only POSITIVE people tonight! ;)
Contour is not dead yet-would like to enjoy as much time as possible with no car payment-saving up for that yacht-thanks though!
I am also looking forward to finishing this thing. I only have an outline now. A 2000 word outline that is being revised.
The quick answer is NO...
Really disappointed right now........ I guess Adele earned it but Born This Way was so much better
Hard to know if it's up to him.
Got the sweetest little note from :) pretty sure I'm gunna do well on my exams now :)
Nice to see Matt Kuchar leading the PGA. Looking for his first major!
In a little bit. The word floodgates finally opened and the writer's block is gone.
Mary Poppin' Pimples
Hey check out brand new tees just released at www.deadburydead.com
Wow. Sigh.
At for Always... Patsy Cline. The perfect Mother's Day activity for my Momma and me. Love it!
circa 2005 reggaeton tracks at this queenstastic spot i watched the fight, crowd eating it up. feels like some sort of strange timewarp.
Washington Manual for IM. Still use it today.
Good to see you today!
Tweet while standing on your head.
Nothing to do, might as well go get my nails done
I do not get the whole < or > after a sentence. Can we keep that for math class?
Brewers have to make Timmy John pay for this... Hart slaps at garbage
i feel u
RT : invest in compliments: they are free!! pose no risk!! & yield only profit #TFB #F4F amen ..
Anybody want to buy a kidney or something? I want a new boat
Who wants a follow back?
We didn't come to be America's Best 'Trick' Crew. We came to be America's Best Dance Crew! ~Mikey Fusco
Sleepy, calling it a night
there's another twilight movie? I thought we were done with that disaster
“: Happy monday my twitter lovers!” morning! :D
Ive been in the car for 5 hours and i have atleast 3 more to go . . . .
Who cares about their comeback I'd rather the lakers lose by 15 than by 3 anyday
My. Head. Is. Pounding.
I'm always reminded during the #NCAA tourney why I never watch #TruTV any other time. Lizard Lick Towing ?? Really? #march madness
"I wana throw down like a in wonderland #giveaway #Win"
we're hella chilled its sweet. Whatchu up to?
RFT (: “: I shdnt be a mom if ima have a swimming pool >xD”
RT : you all brought it tonight in Lexington! It was awesome meeting you // great meeting you too!
Baller MT : 28 years ago w/ $1000, instead of studying for finals during my freshman year at the U of Texas, I started Dell.”
RT : 's () recap of our ALN-TTR Phase I results "#Alnylam racing to prove #RNAi works..." [#client]
darn birds...pooping all over my car..
you sent me a spam dm last night shawty G.. You need to change ur password lol
Thank you. Really appreciate the kind words.
New phone, aye (:
lol I don't drink coffee, not me
Why is it that to get someone's attention first you have to ignore them? We all have been on one end or the other.
Thanks for the RT
Spread the word im back online
Following back :-)
Molly McCourt on Don Draper's identity crafting. A walking, embodied Facebook profile constantly tweaking his timeline?
no unnie ull will get sick from it!
Nobody ever made me feel this way.. I'm a
I write it Monday thru Friday
Wtf the first part of that tweet that I messed up didn't even go through!! But if you need help with photoshop i got you!!
to clarify: Travis approval of COTA economic incentives still to be negotiated, the terms of the deal will come back to court
Leo is watching a video of the song "If You're Happy & You Know It" on YouTube over & over again @ top volume.
Hey guys! Would u all be so kind and follow us =]
There will be no more rainbows over North Carolina...
Thank you You Convinced me to keep my mustache a little longer. I don't want any angels losing their wings because of me!!!
They're following me too. ;)
If you try to keep everybody happy, you'll never be happy!!
DEMAND IT! RT Dear , my #rulingclass cable package does not include fox business. Wtf?
Great to see u w the cast of #csimiami! Great work! I'd challenge u to a tennis match but u only used ur racket to whack a dog :P
that's what she said. Couldn't resist.
I did! I went to Eeyore's bday party in Austin. Have you ever heard of it?
trevon hey hun I'm fine and yourself?
is love to help that crazy Ass
yeah, you're welcome on that one big dawg
theres that one random person on my timeline not tweeting about #HappyBirthdayMGK ahahah
Going through this thing and looking at how many people got held back AGAIN and laughing at whores x)
#NJDevils Even the series tonight!
Good Morning!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I see some things never change at delt haha
There's something about my cool 'Nebraska' guy #you&i
I just finished a 3.06 mi run with a time of 31:57 with Nike+ GPS.
it was a wood box.
Received a copy of "The Glass Castle" by Jeannette Walls today from a friend. Thanks RS!
Finally backing up files on my laptop and doing a little counterpoint in between.
I sure can! I'm always here!!
True love knows league.
Florists from Krogers in Middletown made the blanket of roses. Krogers has done so for 26 years.
Oh, Voyager Cataloging module! How I love the. Let me count the ways...
Cambodia building houses, you?
hmm, its just the headphones. They block social contact. Join us!
haha well i made an account but it has nothing on it yet lol
i need you i adore you i admire you i miss you i understand you i LOVE you
I'm so glad Adele won all the awards she was nominated for. She deserved them!
is at my 4th of July!?!!?..im so lucky!
didn't he openly deny it couple months ago too? curious when the signed declaration took place and if he told GB
PickUpLine: I'm not an expert in hardware, but I know that you'd be able to screw my nuts off.
I'm so sad were not gunna see Peyton Manning with the Colts anymore. He's my fav QB and Colts my team! not the same w/o him:(
...and Bone Crusher with all his Mama's side and some. Poor thing was icing along on an old-man came. Looked sad too. Hope my smile helps...
the love is mutual. we'll do anything to support and
Already found my week 2 #Brewer of the week
Just finished the last masters class. Weird but I'm not ready for it to be over...
Know you were born an original—to make a difference in the world.
Yes it has! The scaffolding is gone but they're still working up there. We're just glad our view of the dome is back!
Will be on the air tonight at www.wcuw.org streaming live Jewish music from 8-10pm (eastern)
faded . faded . faded .
Winter 2012 is not going out like a sucka. It just gave us the middle finger.
Me to... I want in long hair! She looks beautiful!
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude! 2
Karaoke canceled this week @ #7ultralounge our DJ had an emergency. Sorry for inconvenience guys...
you still doing that?
are you actively using this twitter handle? Any interest in selling?
Thanks! I hate those bugs, pain when on the lake. I already had my first tick bite of the year.
“: can you please explain how Italian food will cool me off?” cool you off in the AC!
I would LOVE to come back for a game this yr. Wanna sponsor me?
and I'm going to continue to pray for the something until my heart gets what it wants haven't gave up and never will until my hearts stops
can u ask people to follow me plz?xx
Have questions regarding social media & how to use it strategically? Tweet at
Airtran canceled my flight this morning!! Some bullshit had up there at 6 the morning... its all good though i'll be there tonight!! META
Signs along Interstate 5 read "Congress created Dust Bowl."
someone google searched "sjled83 pictures" and landed on my blog... you might have a
Major performance expectations compared to my days in the newsroom.
I always thought that reputation was off the mark, though early/19th folks often choose to do other stuff at ASA.
Congratulations on Magazine of the Year award!
Please follow me!!!:)
iNeed a hood bitch that tell me that I sing too much
My current mood is Excited! reason being I am excited to be meeting so many extraodinary individuals. Such as yourself
How about that Rockies Game Yesterday Afternoon, We won the series.....Tommorrow it's the Braves.
I think I deserve a cut of this deal -- with payment made in the form of 6-inch sandwiches.
Am spending an inordinate amount of time planning the Big Move. Just want to get going :)
Out to Franklins to celebrate being done with classes till Feb!
I hate it when farts burn!!!!
After Anita said that her favorite animal is the platypus i realised how much i hate everything
At least that Bread's "O" face looks better then most men's.
I don't come 2 skl 2 do nothing. I can do that at home
Updated my facebook page with Thursday night poker results. Not my best game or attitude that night, just wasn't myself.
hello...my name is.....not important
thank you so much<3
Thank you for the recommendation! Just invited him to participate & talk about his name!
Men listen its nice that u out here chasing that money.... but don't forget Wat u have at home waiting...... Out of sight out of mind...
#moversli available tomorrow for any size move. Have multiple trucks and vans on stand by. $210 for 2 movers and 16ft truck
RT The Cost of Creativity: on the irony of combatting the negative side of #creativity through...creativity
Who got the best deals on CDs and inserts???? Let a twigga know asap..
that's sweet!!!
that's a quote? what's that from? it is very true. there aren't many people, but a few during your life like that.
Welcome to SDCRM's newest clients, DentalMatrix in San Diego and Smaato in Hamburg Germany/Redwood Shores! Are you next?
In need of my own place
The classes that wash most are those that work least.
Half expecting to see some hail out of this storm... must be super cold in the upper atmosphere to be this loud!
has the crowd pumped for the main fight #NateDiaz vs
Advocacy by "political elites" is key. Scientific findings aren't, probably b/c ppl likely to be swayed that way are already swayed.
It's getting closer an closer to the end....TIME FLIES WHEN YOU'RE HAVING FUN!!!
I'm pullin for Leben but you know how that goes......
Today I shot the TV commercial, I wore a t-shirt
Want to hang out in Malibu much more often than I do.
Looks like melo wants an ass beating
Tony Sheflers TD dance is.....GAY! Just saying
u dont talk to me either STRANGER
09 was a nice year I tell ya!
Tired one more hour to go.
Dear #LotusNotes, If I double click an attachment, why do you ask me if I'd like to open it? Isn't that what double click means?
I wonder about this so-called "Arab-Summer." My reservations concern the identity and agenda of the rebels? Who are they? Why back them?
SSWorks Holiday Open House...happening right now! Sampling and free photos with santa...
my parents care WAYY to much about what other people think of them...
And a BIG shoutout to , who mixed/mastered the entire 'Collection Of Themes: Vol. 1' and a handful of tunes from the new release
they did it was IMF
RT : Dinner at old Sinatra Chicago hangout, Twin Anchors, w/Paul Duttlinger, huge supporter of Notre Dame Univ women's basketball
thanks babe, have a great Sunday :-)
it's so good. TRY THE BLACK EYED PEAS APPITIZER. ITS SO GOOD.
User:Ovejordanv - trend analysis
If you are that miserable do us all a favor and OFF yourself so we want have to read ya sad ass tweets everyday <U+270C>
ok. well, i guess i should lay horizonal too. lol is after midnight here.
WOW! I haven't been on here in awhile! I need your guys help... Name your favorite celeb!
You sure know how to make a girl feel good about herself! ;)
I like your hair! Who does your hair? I wanna go there...... PHSYEAH! -Alexis-
oh I just saw this! I'm doing good! I was thinking back to Camden recently. I went to this discussion group b/c they gave us
Wed-Sun for now. Check our profile for hours. We are hoping to expand as we move into summer. It'd be rad to see ya!
damn i look away n look back n the heat down 3
Thanks! The crew has done a great job
aunt edna always told me "keep making that face and it'll get stuck like that"...
I think you can sure argue a case for it. I also have THX-1138 in there too.
no I'm not, I'm probably not even going to tomorrow lol
I just realized I've had an iPhone since august and I haven't ever used the FaceTime thing.
Celebrating Earthday by using 50% less electricity.
RT RT Fantastic piece by about training program that helps young people who #dropout succeed
I just can't believe it... RIP Whitney Houston
thank you for your kind words!
thanks for coming last night!! Super fun night
Frank Fukuyama has drones?!
So far today has been really wierd hm donde esta cagando el diablo? As my grandma says<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
It's my birthday!!!!!!!! Who's coming out to the ballpark today? RT if you're excited for some Mascot Madness.
the "everyone elses" referred to the big libraries, Dojo, Ext, jQuery. The "your favorite" is us, the Mustaches, Backbones, etc
Why people never tell me goodmorning bck ?
haha don't worry it was already scheduled in my planner!
checking it out right now
White folks stereo type me.... you'll Neva hear Another on da sterio like lee no passin go nigga yu are on E lol
Fantastic. Monday? I take orders like an Airman, think like a producer and write on
#chefscon Chef's Alex Seidel, Lon Symensma, Rob Seideman and Robert Danhi will be speaking at the conference.
oh I thought you meant the members of hot chelle rae
RT : Ryan Howard will read the Top Ten List on tonight. also on the show. (via )
Julie T totally teared up
What a Game!
Good decisions come from experience, and experience comes from bad decisions.—Author unknown
MILWAUKEE NEEDS A MLS TEAM !!!!
all you need now is a Timbers victory to top it off!
Will be spending the day in airports. Looking forward to a new book on my Kindle. How are you spending your day?
Ladies Night @ Cellar Wine Bar Every Tuesday Night
Chiropractor in Gahanna Announces New Website for Back Pain Patients
there will be some fore letter words used with my game right now.
frankfurt airport. cleared customs just to get a brat. my hockey team is still alive. waiting for the 6 hr flight to abu dhabi
the fact is, we (as in both parties) waste a lot of money and we need to fix it, regardless of what needs to get cut
Ugh!!!!!! I'm leaving Florida and is going to Miami???? ;( just wanna meet em once..
Have had a great day with my boyfriend I absolutely love his family too and now were headed back to my place. 200m to go.
we should go golfing! Like, I wanna do so much this spring break .____.
Today's MOCA specials: Soup of the day is Lentil. Sugar free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
thank you for your #dfwsem presentation ...my thumbs are tired from tweeting :)
what is you?
If you don't have to go out keep your ass home. Nobody wants to see you everyday if they don't have to.
I've finally followed back all my followers. Let me know if you need a follow back, ladies and germs.
Ice cream trucks are the childhood version of drug dealers.
after getting past your two year old Marcus intro trailer...I found "Lincoln Lawyer" enjoyable...shoulda made more $.
Both actually. I'll chat with a friend who would be great. I'd likely need some time to learn everything. Will follow up.
Jeppa Joes will be at Marquette (15th and Wells) today around 11 serving up some tasty sandwiches!
RT 12 hour work day and loving every second
sounds interesting, but I can't pay to join.
Celtics gotta rest their guys
Sort of like the #cmgr chat, like a once/week topic for each roundtable? That's a good idea!
Big hands means big .....
Swallow your bullshit pride and try some lager. Bells lager at is killer.
dear idiot.GET OVER HIM. HE IS OBVIOUSLY NOT WITH YOU FOR A REASON. he has a girlfriend. do you not get hes embarrased by you?
once you have a kid spending $350 on the Sunday ticket gets vetoed
I spy with my lil eye... 'sale' signs at ! Time to investigate :-)
u in the game please
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! #Mizzou sux!
I swear he think he making me mad or some shit .. lol ..
My new fave.........Dual Survival.
#blackpeopleproblems going asleep with your du-rag on then waking up with it off
m, beer. Beer is good. PBR is good.
Thank you for the mention, George! Have a beautiful weekend!
cheers to the graduates out there.
Wait. Like right now??
ITs true. I work at the airport. Yep
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such
Bearing surfaces are ceramic or metal on polyethylene for the hip replacement.
Pssh I beat you every time! Next time you win, I'll buy you a car. That's how good I am.
watching your #PlanetEarth with our kiddos and Loving it! Thank you for all you do, your #news & #educational programs are great
The Detroit chick that just walked by him was legendary.
I never understand why coaches go away from what has been successful. Bengals could not be stopped in hurry-up...elect to run final drive.
#3Words: Virginia State University.
"...For we do not present our pleas before you because of our righteousness, but because of Your great mercy."- Daniel 9:18
Shopping for soup bones, preferrably veal or lamb.
no matter how short, any conversations with you makes my day.
I just can't get enough of TSA lovin'! Note to self: never yell 'Allah Ak-bar' at a TSA checkpoint again!
Haha this guy is driving in a mini van reading a comic book... how gay!
One Dead Bird | the suicide project - suicide stories
Feels good to be tan!
Just received Eowyn Ivey's THE SNOW CHILD - can't wait to read. Thanks
good luck to Otto Porter
Had a long day. Came home to , Indian food and Everything is a lot better now.
My Dog! Whats Crackin? Thanks for the follow.Good to see you on Twitter.
Listening to Sugarland. Life is a runaway train you can't wait to jump on...
Reading up on the relative efficiencies of advanced composite microturbine engines did nothing to help my cough. Will try a shower.
Leff's in on the way so most times I just go there instead of strolling to P'nS.
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a artsy response to its inbuilt limits and challenges.
Just saw someone walk by wearing a television on their head.
In discussion, Piez talks more about the aesthetics of design (e.g. why LMNL annotations can be recursive documents)
it was awsome
Soundrop is incredible! I've used it by myself and at parties and it's always a hit. Thanks for the awesomeness.
Alistair Reynolds, Charlie Stross, Vernor Vinge (pretty much anything)
Your cute(: just saying:b
The world is moved not only by the mighty shoves of the heroes, but also by the aggregate of the tiny pushes of each honest worker.HKeller
Happy b-day Tori! Wish both of you the best in your post-challenge life together.
I'm going to use that month off to my advantage. All the doubters will
I'm gonna die if Rondo gets a triple double in this shitfest
"Happy Star Wars Day"
use repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com for 20% off first purchase, 10% EVERY FUTURE PURCHASE!
- After The Dream i Had Lastnight its Gone Be A While Before i Miss Church Again . .
All the super freak nasty ppl startin to get on twitter now fuckin horny bastards.
It's Wednesday and you know what that means.....it's HAPPY HUMP DAY!!! #MoreHumpingTheBetter :)
But wouldn't any film be better with a little John Saxon?
yes so true he has lost me
tabasco sauce definitely makes everything better, brooke
my dad is a bad driver.
omg! i will keek you, we need to start doing that again!
Not really built environment related, but Staples has pens made out of recycled plastic bottles. So cool! And nice writing.
Gus Johnson was made to say "Abbrederis"
waiting on the world to change.
“: We used to talk about everything. And now it's almost impossible to have a decent conversation with you.”
Salutary tonic of a free current of public criticism, Stacey
i will!!! how are you though?
radio head sucks....not a good choice for snl :-(
thank you!
meanwhile im in Milwaukee jealous. lmao.
Thank you for the #FF love.
Hi Hooligan. Please follow back. Thank you <U+2665>
Green Mile is such a good movie. Got me over here crying 'n shit.
Come back soon!
Thanks to all the volunteers who showed up on Saturday to help at St. James! We appreciate you :)
I CAN ONLY IMAGINE
This past weekend, tracks from my album "Sentimental Swing" were broadcast on WUCF FM 89.9. Aloha Orlando, Florida!
Forte doesnt like it get a real job! The economy has gone to hell and he cryin bye
Agree. Good morning!
Returned from a family reunion last week. drove 19 hours one way.
Big day for the #SDSU #Aztecs ! Come on red and black!
tend to think the only reason anyone actually uses windows is to generate more billable time. and feed their self-loathing.
We have been working with a GREAT web team at www.wearefound.com Virginia based web design, marketing, and app development firm.
Too many drunk people in one place
San Diego Auto Show started today. Stop by the Scripps Health booth. KUSI weatherman Joe Lizura did this morning!
#RHOA needs some now!
no it's not I'm fucking mad
:) Did u go to the library today? I think I'll like this job if girl "training" me would actually train me. :o I'm trying so hard
Thank you to everyone who is following me!!! you peoplez are awsome!!! Lots Of Love and Support ! <3 x
I can
you've been given a #smilebug. Replace 3 ppl & pass along.
What a day.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> RT : I like to live dangerously.
Meeting about content management throughout the lifecycle. Trying to sell the idea of an editorial board. More deliverables to come...
thas wasup... Wat part of the town u from
I hope you realize that I miss you, and I always wear the bracelet you gave me since mine broke. I love you.
I don't understand Klout! What do you do with it? What are all these "Klout requests" for? Help!
thx for the inverse of paranoia.. Love the mentality that everyone is part of a plot ot enhance my well-being!
Happy Mothers day to all you moms out there!
Hoping to make it to the Larry Edmunds Book Shop tomorrow for Alain Silver, James Ursini appearance, and The Egyptian Theater for Noir.
Hot Italian Sausage - Recipe
I just finished a 3.04 mi run with a time of 34:05 with Nike+ GPS.
Theres no law saying I can't follow you
Gonna be up at on the border in irving watching this celtics game. Hit me up!
Keep true, never be ashamed of doing right, decide on what you think is right and stick to it.
Is it the plastic you object to? ;-) Boys will play "guns" regardless of what toys they are given. Sticks will work in a pinch.
Isn't it crazy how hearing someone's name you don't like can ruin your whole mood
I'm tired of workin
we were. Not any more.
I guess I am the troll for mentioning the poor souls he used. I will take the label gladly.
Meeting a fabulous old friend, then heading back to the land of music, bluebonnets and warmth. Oh, and far less pee smell.
f that. Phoenix vs NY final.
is currently operating with half power this morning. We are going to stay open as long as we can!
no pressure, eh?
#c2css12 Great responses from the C2C crowd! So wise!!! Dr. Hoss is engaging!
"iPhone is disabled. Try again in 22,108,902 minutes."
“Give a man a fish; you have fed him for today. Teach a man to fish; and you have fed him for a lifetime"
How awesome is it for your birthday's to fall on the same day. Continued blessings & happy birthday to you both.
I'm hella tired...
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week from the !
haha right, ready for some sun. Susie called me about helping w/ some photoshoots, anytime you need,gimme a call! :)
AW SHIT.....#AtTheSameDamnTime JUST CAME ON.....TIME FOR MY NECK TO SHAKE UNCONTROLLABLY
Senator Murray - I am a constituent of yours, and I opposed SOPA & PIPA.
The special is from 6-7pm tonight and the first Wed of every month!
ya but I like never play anymore
Smoking Session!!
That awkard moment when ppl think ur baby sister is ur daughter......
now im free, free faliin'. <3
he loves to hide out--as you can tell. :)
Little heartbroken. Oh well.
Im tryna figure something out. Idk yet
Please tell me you're sitting in that little dome hair dryer thing. :3
#URI students: Come meet Founding Director and learn about her plans for the Harrington School! TOMORROW Alumni Center 4pm
i can't take 1 more week of this then i have exames but not w/ them
Is @ Evo for the "How the Northwest was One" video premiere... this place is slammed full of people and its bloody hot - but its worth it...
Oh, I plan to try a new dish EVERY time. :) And healthy as much as possible.. haha
Fair enough. Worth checking out!
Sometimes I just want somebody to hold,someone to give me the jacket when it’s cold…
Eek! Darn predictive text... #smmbooklaunch w/ and
Excited for #dctweetup tonight!
80s, sun and cocktails.
#TCU to join
thanks for the follow. Beautiful pics, if that is the result of green juicing, I start right now. Look forward to your tweets.
even though you didn't choose Kentucky, good luck at either UNLV or Oregon
I see less of who i love the most, time's getting away, and we're so slow.
I WANT SUMMER!!
EARTH TO MICHAEL YOU GOT A DM FROM PEACH!!!!
Just spent my evening preparing salmon and lentils for my lunch tomorrow at work. It better not taste like crap.
Baby, Thinking Of You Keeps Me Up All Night <3
you have got to see LOL I absolutely loved Mael (Jeremy Kapone)
2-2 in 117....didn't defend that nearpost run on the corner well enough
well today is a good day for me because iam going to relax and enjoy my dad of not going to school
AND WHO BUYS ICECREAM WITH NO SUGAR -.-.-
Snowing at GSO, again...
Dominion VA Power shoot Wednesday, just an Industrial film, but I'll take all the work I can get!!
SO EXCITED FOR THE BOTH OF US(:
ok, this time for real. ocean beach>golden gate park>ocean beach.
The walk uphill to is not for the faint of heart--> workshop: Recovery of Wet Materials.
I can imagine the sounds of trains screeching
And if they replace the mic with a paperclip, they can turn the iPhone into a projectile weapon.
i want rico to borderline cry o_0 RT I want in !! RT : yo ama get ya punk'd next year..
My Name Is..
isn't that a crying shame
Uma Therman can't play Marilyn right. -.-
moms making cupcakes for everyone #don'tworry
Give a man a piece of someone else's dream and he will see for a day; bring his/her own dream alive and she/he will soar forever!
“ !!!“: Dick-Riding has never been a form of transportation.. You're likely to get Nowhere <U+270C>””
Rocking the purple frames today!
Thinking Roberto Clemente, WEB DuBois, Ralph Bunche, George Washington Carver, Malcolm X (I know), James Baldwin, Josh Gibson, Denmark Vesey
The awkward moment when your sarcasm is so advanced people actually think you are stupid.
Crit Thnkng Wk 4: Selecting an option from a range of choices takes place the Assessment stage or phase of thinking?~D
Yep I show cooking Apps, and #ifttt in meetings & presentations
I'm worried that I'm gonna start dreaming about Temple Run
#LeatherShow Don't f-ing waste it Lester.
I'll be there too! Hope we get another win today :)
RT - The Jacksonville Jaguars have a quarterback race on there hands!
A busy night. Coming up at 10&11, will we get more snow? Plus hear from the friends of a Vancouver man shot to death. What suspect said.
I bet the BUCS wins 8-6. Just watch
I've heard say sleep is a crutch for the weak. Never about food though.
Aww , never-mind I was wrong as well !
I want to move to another state “: I want to move to another city!!!”
I like how #SaySomethin is trending worldwide! Did we even try to trend that?
American classic, "Over the Rainbow" by American sweetheart, Judy Garland. The 1938 classic song is number one... fb.me/BI6k1BK7
Really! George Soros shud stage debate between Rahm & Ricketts, put it on PAYPERVIEW & raise a $Billion 4 Pres:)
well i can't remember much so I must have had a good time lol
someone tweet me. i'm bored af.
Check out my site, and sign up for my mailing list on the updates page. www.jennmello.com
#SuperBowl Who will be the hero and if the Giants score will they leave too much time on the clock?
“: I'm at the Bulls game and they're losing!” ||Watching at home. It's been an awful game. :(
I don't want to know. Closing my eyes from reading :)
o...I wasn't aware this happens to me.
how do we get the nox server to show up in the client? ò_ô
Good morning! Another nice day today and almost the weekend.
I wonder if you are a member of Twitter does that make you a twit?
It feel bustin a nut gettin back in the studio
The neighbors children upstairs are so fkn annoying. And so loud. I mean HELLO you have someone who lives below you.
#RHONJ you look amazing this season!
Another Epic Mom's Weekend ! Those Cougs know how to throw a party!
My notification tone is the sound of a bird chirping, I get fooled by the birds outside so much.
I'm sleeping over!!!
Heh. The Asylum nearly fooled me with that one. I'm still waiting to get 11-11-11.
and Steely, Merry Christmas to you and your family!!!!
RT : rookie day in NFL. Six rookie QBs start: Tim Tebow, John Skelton, Jimmy Clausen, Colt McCoy, Sam Bradford, Joe Webb.
Happy 9th Birthday to Jack the Bulldog! Hope that you and JJ celebrate with some cake today! Tombs tonight?
Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you
good night !!
Don't fall... the last time I rollerskated was in high school and I broke my arm.
Invite your friends and family we only need 22 more to make to 100 likes!
Anyone else getting tired of all the GOP debates?
Good morning tweedos! :)
<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1> double click home button, press/hold an app until minus sign appears. Hit minus on all running apps. Will save batt
Hope the Nuggets shock the Lakers.
Listening to the sound check for #excited whoever iznt here?!?!!? Sux4u
At my mommas house I've missed my room and bed lol
we should win, we handed out gum. Did anyone else hand out the product? No, soo we win(:
FASHION TIP: Invest in a great colorful blazer for the spring.
Thanks! It was last winter but I still can' t forget it. They had me pinned up against a snow bank on a dark road.
Silveira is a woman in Science. She asks for us to expand opportunities and introduce girls to a diversity of Science opportunities.
all music should be positive, all music should be about positive stuff, like positive batteries or positive attaction, testin
Your demo! I loiked, I loiked indeed.
who knew picking out cleats would be so difficult
I'm passing through Hamilton after a whirlwind trip- really need to come see you here one of these days!!
Reining Cy Young Award Winner Clayton Kershaw is now on Twitter:
We are activating online Gift Card ordering for special occasions this month. For the time being however, phone orders only. Sorry.
I can't believe it's been a year.... Or how much has changed and how you are now...
what do you wanna know man lol?
We are one day closer to the weekend!!! Yeah!!! Happy Thursday!
hahaha well you have a right to be! I've been taking awhile with my new project! but it will be worth it! tell her i said hey back
Obama is asking Congress to pass a commonsense bill (the Buffett Rule) to fix the tax code & ensure that million/billionaires pay taxes.
I lost your number
Mike Brown should rest all the starters after 7 game series and down 30, but Kobe is too damn stubborn to let him. Ultimate competitor.
"Cook The Milano Inn way with 58 simple, delicious recipes! Purchase The Milano Inn Cookbook today. #recipes"
¤ Learning to ignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace. Robert J. Sawyer
Thank you Sean for all you are and all you do! Right Back Atcha! BIG Hug! Jeris
I'm 30min away from Capitol square!
Loving Snow Leopard!
RT : RT : Q2) frankly my dear, I dont give a damn #lrnchat < sounds like ethically challenged ;)
nope too. Working hunniey (: wherre you stay ?
33 more hours until I fly out of LAX to see my new nephew. Might as well be a decade. I feel like such an Odysseus.
So happy that supernatural is in syndication
The reasonable man adjusts himself to the world. The irrational man persists in attempting to adapt the world to himself.
A POTUS who cares for the people, not just the richest people!
Just got the confirmation.....performing back in my hometown (Bessemer City, NC) February 18!!
how'd ya do that?
THANK YOU for the #iabc12 world conference! SO excited for #chicago! cc: &
Residential Water Damage Clean Up Call Statewide Disaster 888-822-9500 Michigan, Grand Rapids, Florida USA<U+272A>
Congratulations!!! Looks like you had a great time - can't wait to read this one!
Can't wait for the watch the throne tour in Greensboro!!!!!!
I'm back! And it got all sorts of Christmassy while I was away! Say hi to the rad CMA staff for me. Glad we had MCN!
Disappointed to find out 'woman in black' was not part of the men in black series. Plenty of kid death though.
nice. Well glad your feeling better!
RT : New bookmark: Problem-Based Learning in K-12 Education: Is It Effective and How Does It Achieve Its Effects?...
LOVE that pic.
Does anyone watch The Firm? Was it on last night??
We're celebrating John Hughes this week!
I give up. What the hell is that?!?
You really think so?
Day off - bored as hell - wasting time - that's why I don't like days off.
": Finish each day & be done with it. You have done what you could. Learn from it; tomorrow is a new day. -Ralph Waldo Emerson"
i saw... shes not hot.. bye
Last nights show was amazing! If you missed it you can catch us at Soma in San Diego December 17!!! Better come out
PLEASE AUSTIN PLEASE! follow me! !
if you're driving, you can take everything! Lol
#payday >>> hell yeah.
Francis David: "We need not think alike to love alike."
Tell me how people with no religion suddenly have religion when there in a tough place.
Welcome to twitter ! Check them out if you need a great place in Denver - it's near the Tech Center!
I heart you for that tweet. Yes, I do.
#FF & you will be glad you did..
Keep calm and carry on.
I watched us land on moon too although I was busy crapping my diapers and toasting Neil & gang with my bottle.
But life and death were in that glance
My bagpipe auditions are today.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Oh geez!
super skinny hasn't been cute in ages girl
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 6) When the guy u like doesn't always txt back...(but I can understand that at times he is busy)
4 minutes til next bus. Starting to rain. In a white t-shirt. Who will win, nature or Elisheba?
already added it, but it's competing with 3 other sessions already... :o
make sweet passionate love to each other
if you played a drinking game every time Mayock says "this kid' you'd be in the hospital for alcohol poisening.
who cares
It's hard to get people to celebrate Bach's birthday on March 31st, however; also, it's fun to join the bigger party. :-)
DEFINITELY all of the above.
In the morning: get earplugs.
Great article. I've been thinkin about my "unfinished" since divorce & this inspires me.
Upgraded to first class for free, good start to this vacation.
Im fye on skates I'd get Employee of tha Year lol RT “: <==== on roller blades at work” <=== now works at Sonic!
Appreciate your follow! I also love Florida theme parks!
He said, "lana rey, can you serve me lemonade?" I said "yes bill, I will, it's the day of the parade."
let's hangout !
Can you DM me your phone #?
Currently trying to trade you to Connecticut Topballerz but they don't think you're talented enough to get playing time.
Babysitting in La Jolla, one baby keeps calling me Papa -___-
That's IMPOSSIBLE! Cus the whole Universe knows that #ILOVEYOUMOST!! #BOOM! #ENDOFSTORY. XD.
could you imagine the royals doing that.
is it s a good sign when your boyfriend is in your whole dreamlike literally your entire dream & when he looks at you he just smilesC:
CHECK OUT THE FREE BUFFET AT 10PM TONIGHT! CONTOUR 1st Ave. Seattle
uploading the video now! great playlist too :P
7 (cont): As healers of the sick, they can be admitted to the harems of the east, which are inaccessible to the Christian man...
I lost so many followers :(
Thinking about stemming and lemmatization...
Horrible day...please get better SOON!!
Great show tonight!!! Hope you can still be a dog lover after all that, lol.
RT HUGE thanks to our partner for awesome giftage for #TEDxCLT! We can't wait to distribute them on Oct 15!
Good fight!
If I just get through tomorrow, I will be in Troy singing all day.
Money Make Me Come .
Oh look at that bless your heart...you're working hard to beat my Bejeweled score. Congrats on your 315,250 score. LOL
Junior year went by fast. Thank God senior year will be faster. Can't wait to get outta high school
So if you get a fortune cookie you always ALWAYS have to eat you fortune in order for it to come true:D So true thought I do this everytime!
Curated Communities - An Exchange with Jason Hardebeck, Executive Director, Greater Baltimore Tech Council (gb.tc) http://…
cheers bday girl
thanks for following :) I am a dog, if you hadn't noticed!
you better see me! And myrtle :)
absolutely! will be interesting to follow its opening!
just made the very wise decision to smash her finger rather than drop her TV.
"Listen n' learn, speak only wen you need to be heard" [GalloZ] keep #Grindin and be ready for the muthafuxin #TakeOver Follow
If u have food poisoning u won't be able to stomach the 11 pager. ba dum dum.
Need something to do this weekend...still tryna figure that out
Apr 10, 1942: Brooke: "I was amused at Marshall's reactions to Winston's late hours. He had a much easier time working with Roosevelt."
Hi Jessica! I just tried to email you but it bounced back. Is there another way to get in touch?
Happy Thanksgiving from Clarity Legal
Smith seeks bigger role with focused Buckeyes
: no great surprise that they are still seeking "more beautiful than you could possibly believe"!
Ain't nothin worse then a smart dumb nigga.
If everything around you seems crazy, maybe you are the crazy one...
“: Way back by is making my St. Patty's. #justsayin” you made ours!
Finna eat dis good ole breakfast I made
the vibe is ever positive in monona/madison area. support is everywhere ! i love hearing about gatherings nationwide, rallying in support
will do!
as a rangers fan never thought he was a #1 like he thought he was. #2, yes but not a #1. He also tweeted napolis phone # out
so what is the latest and greatest. i am a blue band fan.
#toonarmy #pray4muamba #nufc Let's get this win boys!
Had an awesome time in Hershey with my sister ! The NKOTBSB concert was so much fun! Going back home now.
All my favorite peeps: - bummed to not hear what all was said
Follow me!(:
Be over in a few for some yummy breakfast. RT : Watching A Christmas Story, getting ready to make Christmas bfast.
five days!!!
My husband had to call customer service Friday night and they were difficult to deal with. Things have been resolved but not pleased.
haha, im not even in town. im in Btown~ and i gotta see this comp lol
Job interviews all day ....if I don’t get a job quick, I'm going back to "work"...being broke is a bad look ...HAHAHAHA
Just keepin on keepin on. Happy Monday.
Ok. I'm done. This is too complex for tweets
ha idk bro, he has hits but I fuck with that song
you ready for college bro
None of my Medallion Press titles are available on Kindle. They were, but then Amazon got too greedy. There was no point.
great song .
Wtf theres an echo in my room?
heat game :D
we are running into that same problem.
wow that is intense. Looks like you did it well. Nice Job :-)
Did you say The Bun or The Bung?
I got $40
How does one show love to a fish? Do they like when you talk to them? Are they afraid of the dark? Does he get bored?
Hi i found you!
Even though I wanted Denver to win, I had predicted the Lakers to win. But OKC will be a problem for LAL. I also have IND & MIA going 7
Been listening to Adele's 21 for well over a year now and it never gets old.
May, June, July, August, September
#3more months omg yay cant wait
The doors of wisdom are never shut. ~ Benjamin Franklin
STUPID TWEET
At UC San Diego Rady School of Management for opening of new Wells Fargo Hall. A great addition to a great business school in San Diego.
Good morning #ilvolovers have a wonderful day ^_^ I love you all team + Mia team <3 <3 be safe
You can be an prick in relative anonymity! MT I like that I'm not a celebrity... I can call people 'retard' without apology
LOL , its more like Fuck It Thug Life ! :D
A haunting and colorful previously unreleased performance by the late Roman Totenberg playing Debussy's violin sonata in 1960. New from...
at the airport judging people on the way their dressed,& how their acting!! haha.
It looks like it will be time for the UK staff to put on full press to get Amile Jefferson. Has he delayed his decision because of Bennett?
really? so nothing required?
: Thank you!
Can any girl honestly resist a man in gingham?
#kids Mother's Day Brunch at The Stoneleigh's 'Bolla' in Uptown Dallas at The Stoneleigh Hotel and Spa, Sun, May 13 10:30a: Bolla, the...
when your parents let you drink#chardonnay with them (:
Going to Spin tonight? Pictures!
This show is going to be amazing!
I didn't hear them. No tornado warnings to warrant them going off!
love the liberia shirt!!
R.I.P. Heavy D. Was a huge fan of the music.
Is part of San Diego Restaurant Week dining in #MissionValley?
yup, its hot outside -_-
RT : MLB has denied the Phillies' protest of Sunday's game against the Marlins. Move along. Move along.
Buying a bootyload of apple juice so I can start a batch of hard cider
so glad you're in Florida (: I live an hour away from there! Enjoy your visit ! <3
iPhone just autocorrected a botched word to "picanha." IT'S LEARNING!
we are excited to see the this Wednesday taking over
I'm going to be in CT visiting libraries on Dec. 6th + 7th. If any of you lovely CT librarians would like to meet with me, pls get in touch.
: If it would have been me it would have been the other way around! lol Best to you in TB!
It could be a fuckin bologna sandwich ...but when you high, that shit gone taste like muthafuckin steak and shrimp nigga
thanks jeffrey!
Just got home. Back to back gigs. Goodnight.
Oh deer. Not Klicker Berries though RT KVAL News How did E. coli get in strawberries? Evidenc says deer bit.ly/oCUQOQ
Big congrats to our client BJ Gaddour CEO of StreamFIT for winning the Innovation award for Young Professionals Week!
Heart's gone stale... Hate comes rather easy this point in life.
i got to finish a video tonight
The NBA playoffs are exactly why we need Matt Meeks on Twitter. Right, turrah ... bon nuit.
#Sextip4Ladies while your riding his "DICK" and he says he is about to "CUM" jump off him to catch it all...don't miss a drop!
On the cata feeling sick as hell lol
Lump's milkshake brings all the boys to the yard.
I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels NOW!
nmm text me
RT ": #thingsisaidinthe90s in west Philadelphia born and raised, in the playground was where I spent most of my days...”
Can't waste the day cause the night brings the Hurst make a move and plead the 5th cause you can't plead the first
I'm so sore, a massage would be nice <U+E403><U+E406>
lol yea my bad
At Las Olas. Our SoCal Sunday afternoon hang out. The best!
I am in FULL FAVOR of "the people" voting for what they want. UNLESS its AGAINST what I don't want (Amendment 1) then I dont like it!!!!
We won't be disciplined in anything we have spent our money on. We've only allocated money to areas of our soul.
There are, like, 75 different times in his political career when he could have stated his views.
Preschoolers learn most language skills from other preschoolers, especially from high achieving students.
Uh...I Wouldn't Say Everything Is Good :/ But I Have A Good Person In My Life =) And Everything Is...Okay =)
Cheese making class. Fri Apr 27. Feta, mozzarella, ricotta, and fondue.
it's draining all of me Oh they find it hard to believe I'll be wearing these scars For everyone to see
I just RT'd it.
The Vikings have outscored opponents 54-7 in the first half. They've been outscored 70-3 in the second half and OT.
c'mon don't disrespect me lol
:) RT : Hey there! I LOVE the new after-hours series & concept for November & hope to make it.
look forward to it.
I say yes. RT : For CodeMeet, I wonder if seeing each person's code in different colors would be helpful...
fair point... I'll try my hardest but I can't promise anything (;
Bout to go pick up some barber chairs for the new location at 42nd St & Chandler...Opening mid June '09!!!
I'm reflecting on my triumphant return to running. I feel like a machine! A slow machine, but still a machine.
Are you an ESL teacher ?
either way it goes your team still sucks lol
Happy to be sitting on your "to be read" shelf.
gonna have me writin bars til dusk, hot shit!
Four people have been killed in two months in a five by six block neighborhood in Baltimore.
Chinatown coffee at 5th & H NW, or Peregrine espresso in Eastern Market, are the two best IMO. Or sm coffee bar inside the Mandarin.
Just cause u have a child don't mean ur a good mother!!
S/O to FOLLOW HER!!
DJ OB-ONE crushing it at Studio 54, hung out with him last night. Amazing scene here, lights, sound, gogo dancers, amazing.
thanks for the #ff! And thanks for getting me back on twitter!
not as much as I like ur slaps!
Good Morning! (if you are reading this live, go back to bed!!!!!!)
What's your favorite ethnic food? I have to go with Mexican!
work at 11..so im bout to get up n a sec
Thats whats up.Guess you're my Twitter coach from now on? Lol.
I pretty much need YOU in my life. If anything, I miss our epic conversations. There's a corner in Fremont coffee for us.
my wife does that to me...I mean, for me.
While you guys have been away, we have been working on getting you more and better discounts!
my flights got delayed and I couldn't get to vegas, so the tryouts didn't happen. I was super disappointed.
RT : i think we're pro change right now, but what we're looking at down the road is really systemic change
We obviously won't be winning it all this year so rip off the band aid and get a deal done so we don't end up like Cleveland!
I don't see why not haha
That we do! www.armisticemerch.bigcartel.com
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom
will u plz fallow me its my birthday and it wauld make my day plz jhon cena:)
looks yummy, miss you too! Cc
Facebook... too cluttered?
RT : #wearing jeans, 5" megans, lavender heathered henley cinched w a brown belt, peridot chandelier earrings,
Yes you can!!! Thank you so much.
Max took care of him, which wasn't easy because his hobby was murder.
We are all time travelers moving at the speed of exactly 60 minutes per hour.
Looking forward to the 2011-12 NBA Schedule being released @ 7pm on 's GameTime. #KIATipOff when do tickets go on sale?
We've got a lot more #FF to do - this week we'll still say nice things about you, but only if you retweet our message for the mayor!
you should have a concert in Sarasota,Florida like you did with New York pretttttttyyyyyy pleassssseeeeee
Winter = dry skin. Never rub your skin dry after showering/bathing. Pat off excess moisture apply moisturizer to moist skin.
Gosh its so hot .... I can't stand it
you are amazing
Looking for something to do this afternoon? Mo Phillips is playing at Jam on Hawthorne - 2239 SE Hawthorne - 5-7! See you there!
GM Everybody! Get up, get out, and get grinding.....go hard in whatever you do!
i miss #oomf .
Message me Followers ^.^
I live my life like a war widow left with nine invisible babies. I think realizing that is half the battle.
some guys really need to learn how to respect girls.
Sup D-Bizzle
motivation just came on 96.3, just the #motivation I need to keep working
The awkward moment when wikipedia has copied your homework.
Because of America's mismanage of money that is affecting the whole world, a new system is about to be set in place for one world government
Having beer with friends and my lovely wife @
Hey love :) could i get a follow :) loyal coconut xx
As of this moment, I don't like sweet potatoes.
I thought Hickory the Deer Hound won. He looks like a genetic goof, but cuddly in a uncuddly sort of way.
Your pathetic
This phone better stop playing with me and upload my Twitcon..
I just hit 1000 tweets, and I have no idea what I tweeted about the last 999 times :)
It's pretentious no matter WHERE it's from
Glad I have shitty friends and family. Thanks to all of you for fucking up my day.
23 opps for me we did 122 I think, how bout everyone else?
Walk in to red rooster Harlem 15 min before it opens. No one sitting at commuter tables. Told 15 min wait. Cya Marcus
I've been slacking I haven't been on twitter in ages.
never thought to use 'dtf' to describe a fragrance, but as usual snooki has brought new and exciting things to my life
just keep everything quiet ya? :)
Judge Sets Bail at $150,000 for Shooter in Trayvon Martin Case - fair?
Ray Allen mama told him to shoot that lol
looking forward to your appearance!
Wow I can't even post photos of my cousins now without thinking I'll get into an argument on them.
my life story. What doesn't kill you makes you stronger
Let us know right away if you have any problems at all! Thanks again for your patience!
You're right though. To win a championship, the entire team has to play at a high level.
Making my way downtown walking fast ice creams pass when I'm at cold stone
lol no it was just their time to go
oh no... why is that? I mean I don't care about library journal but #alatt?
'But he knew that things don't always work out for royalty' -Littwin
thank you as well for making us apart of it!!!!! Really excited!!!
Much dichotomy in USA. Watched Pres Obama's Easter breakfast then heard from man fired at hospice for sharing Jesus. It's Decision-time!
not til tuesday.
I'm stoked to finally learn who A is as I can't make up my mind.
Waiting for my food at a sports bar in the Denver airport, and then onto my next flight to Florida!
British children are losing contact with nature at a "dramatic" rate and their health and education are sufferin..
I got a profile picture. I know you couldn't wait to see my happy face :)
Son I am appoint. :) Lol I haven't even read those.
hey im calling it now:
Helluva game yesterday. Looking forward to watching you truck mofos more often.
Ugh. There's no place like home.
John has tattoo time between 4pm-8pm today and Gustavo has appointment time after 2pm!
Can't believe I saww oomf today !
thank u love :)
Lil romeo the best rapper alive!
you lie..
Happy Birthday Baby! I Love You :)
you live in a hole
what are you thinking will be real bad?
Adele's Ex is at a bar drinking his life away while popping pills.. Lol
Customer feedback about - "Changed my life as an entrepreneur...I now have 5x output with 1/5th the management." - great!
Washington stage guild>DC Eagle>rocket bar. Night of contradictions
<== Having a WONDERFUL day with my Baby!!! #LGBT She is SO amazing!! <U+2665>
#AskAlexConstancio first thing you notice about a girl?
warm paninis with spicy coppola meat is delicious. Come for a visit.
you ARE strong. Forget those who bully you. I was bullied in hs for my weight. I'm now in college better than ever. Chin up!
13 year old tennis player & #ARathlete Delaney trains at and is ranked in the TOP 70 in the nation. Keep up the good work,...
There's nothing quite like getting a huge bill and a paper cut all at the same time.
It's your job to make sure Justin reschedules his flight.
If you are feeling extra kind today.. include in
At the westin for the night should be fun
I've lost 10 pounds. Not sure where i lost it from, but it's gone.
Better than Chris Brown playing bongos on her face.
thanks for the RT about the Imbolc article by
I acknowledge the fact that Lightbox is one of the most overused/borrowed things on the web, but it's just so darn useful and pretty.
"I don't bite" well that's just wonderful because my first thought was, "oh shit, this bitch is gonna bite me!"
Why u say he's lying
GOD MORNING~~~~~ HAPPY MONDAY :)
yes, thx RT “: And now it's in ours. RT "safelight repair, safelight replace" commercial is burned into my brain.”
Boarding plane for Denver, I get to sit next William J for the next 2 hours. I don't think I will make it laughing for that long.
Do professors who've failed you and caused you to drop out of college count? Because we've got plenty of those.
"...inhabiting multiple and mobile identities that fluctuate from situation to situation." —Ien Ang, Understanding TV Audiencehood
Hip: hip pain in flexion, abduction and outer rotation
Follow me pleasee!! :)
Damn I didn't win n I spent 35 dollars in lotto tickets lmao
I hope school sets on fire overnight
Tired being what you want me to be.
i know they crazy
When people think my daughter is my sister is it a compliment or a short joke?
& looking forward to being on the show tomorrow! How to stick to fitness resolutions & enjoy Super Bowl parties!
Love is the answer. Understanding that love is all there is may be access to incredible power and freedom-what do you think?
#SolidSound Update: The next Solid Sound Festival will be held June 21-23, 2013 at MASS MoCA in North Adams, Ma.
I guess so.
Kind of "Mad Men." We don't have scotch in the office, though.
; i laughed and realized it was an insult. -__-
Empire State Building lights blue tonight for Please take a minute and donate to to help fight famine!
glad to hear you are back to your fiery self!
Attending two workshops this morning on #Facebook & #Twitter for #Nonprofits at the #VegsoCommunityResourceCenter hosted by the
However, 1 must properly identify what those subjects are when they speak of "turning more progressive". It's not like..
can't wait to start classes
yes... and I would say that Russell Wilson will have a better pro career, even if BO does play.
Lets discuss that reunion/party UR planning for next year. A group cruise may be just what you need. A win-win 4 all!sailawaywithdavid.com
Is my name needed at the end of my tweets? They're under my account & I tweeted them. I'd use quotes if they were someone else's
Tomorrow: Writing an article, a press release, & some super, sexy marketing material for P.S. Don't tell
I don’t feel so bad, then. (Beautiful pic!)
It smells like old poop in the bath room. Is that even possible?!
Iguess not just yet...
around(; lets reunite! We have to catch up girlfraaand
oh yeah. Billy... I..m not about to spoil it for you
Please re-post the link - it didn't come through.
OMG FOLLOW ME MAYBE.
And other things!!! SO MANY OTHER THINGS!! ONLY CHILD OVER HERE(:
Episode 2 coming up on Tuesday! Our theme is Justice, and we'll be discussing 12 Angry Men, Deliverance and The Proposition.
Happy Thanksgiving from the TAASK!
I'm crying austin is gonna leave his friends but he's gonna live his dream now...
then that pill could never exist or people like that would constantly sue the company that made it for false advertising
I think I have been trying to have a conversation like you suggest is possible with someone @ here for two years, at least.
except for that high GPA of his, I clearly have all the qualities needed to run Apple too then!
Cabin in the Woods, y'all. W/
Sometimes I just love Wisconsin, but most of the time I just wonder why I live here
What a good night to bad was to lame for it
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. -Robert Louis Stevenson
Sounds like a plan!!
does pike have an official national philanthropy?
Evan Turner was on point when he said that #Chicago was a way easier matchup than the #Heat .
Mack made some great adjustments at HT. There's a reason X keeps getting to the sweet 16.
My mother my mother...
hmm... should we have a competition to give away some VIP names today?.... 200 likes and we will! :)
yep...that's exactly it...much ado about the $2B loss...less coverage of the $100B put at risk
LOll!!!! Except a sh!t talker never say nothn they can back up, and can back up EVERYthing I say ;)
wow haven't seen that movie in a long time. Need to watch it to remember how good it is.
its just a fan page
One of my pet peeves is when people say Nevawwda. Idk man it just really bugs me. *shrug
Lindsay’s on down-Lo with ex? Lindsay Lohan is keeping her distance from ex-girlfriend Samantha Ronson — for business purposes.
So many options! My faves: Oyamel in Chinatown & the whole 14th & P area. Msg me if you need specific neighborhood recs!
only one true bf
It's weird how some of the best girls are single. But then again, they don't give chances to everyone so I can see why.
I told her do that she like then she f'n did it
Answer to yesterday's trivia challenge: GLOW stayed on the Billboard Hip Hop/R&B albums chart for 29 weeks.
: I was thinking. Wouldn't it be sweet if they made little Dew packets to add to water so you can travel with it easier.
Just to dispel any fishy tales... is ON in 2012! Official dates: 9/14, 15, & 16!!! Save the date and spread the word!!
google plus{google -}
Atlanta I know it's raining, but honestly... I like it wet.
Ah, so just females in general. I was thinking maybe you wandered into Victoria's Secret or something.
Appreciate the follow and we're now following too!
Congratulations on the starred review for Boy + Bot, Can't wait to read it!
#mla12 #s442 Inanimate Alice as intro to digital narrative, paired w/Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close as way to teach rdg modes in tandem
pictures of themselves not of other things lol
reading your replies to are so entertaining. You're hilarious
i can attest that EBY has been obsessed w/ peking duck since he was in high school
Ever have one of those days? Yeah I just lost 3 hours and not sure where it went.
ha! I only speak menu Spanish...
u off right bro?
I think I left my chia pet in the bathroom 3 wedensday ago
With as much as I learn from Stackoverflow, I could only imagine how awesome a peer coding session would be.
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work. - Kahlil Gibran
Why do you think I never geotag my tweets or photos?
umm... so people are biting off each others fingers now?....
Alright bitches Follow my fucking gay ass Facebook. Facebook.com/heartsoflonely FYI its more for my store. Just saying.
Software #l10n tip 9: Test. Test. Test. Testing by trained localization QA professionals is an integral step in the translation process.
Dmv2u no waiing in line call me for an appointment
Living the life at the latona 20th anniversary cask fest. 13 casks!
done! I got the popcorn if u bring the bon-bons. We must convert we'll be serving "the craft" real ness lol.
Get better soon Josh Matthews
Going to McDonald's for a salad is like going to a prostitute for a hug.
yeah its not cool being sick, hope you feel better make sure you follow J-LYRIC & MTG EVENTS
If an apology is made through the media, does it count as an apology?
First period. The only that is keeping us in the game is vokoun
A clear conscience is the sign of a fuzzy memory.
There's a trend that I can get behind.
it's worth a shot man. And u can't score if you don't shoot.
But of course!!
#LoveIsLike a butterfly If you chase after it #ItWillFlyAway But if you are patient and sit still long enough it will land into your hands.
I CANT CLAP MY ASS IM NOT THAT BLACK
No problem, Yash. Follow for thorough info on
Hey there, (BiotechReport), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
everyone and everything at school is starting to get me P'd off ... 24 more days...
Check your text. :)
I don't listen to country music, kid.
1st fa-la-la ad of the year: KS lottery wins. We all lose.
if u like mw2, u'll def like this
Thanks, man!
UNITED meaning pull together, shared, collaborative, link, join. In the mist of being UNITED there is INCLUSION. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
thanks for tweeting about my blog post. Out of curiosity, how did you find it?
Thats bonding time & i guarantee it makes you closer :)
He says I'm a fine young fellow
Dylan Charf is the last surviving munchkin from wizard of oz
Missing him so MUCH!!!! UGH!
Nothing like Indiana melons for breakfast to start the day right.
OK and u
Then she said smthn stupid. BLACK men will only cheat on Wht girl w/ another Wht girl. Rofl BITCH i fucked my frenimes bf she was white lol.
could be? sorry i don't have more information. if it's not resolved by tomorrow, check with
Vilma has no case for defamation, but he is going to force #NFL to produce some of their EVIDENCE or pay him off.
I can go now. Lolool. My mom's gonna drop me off at the high school before wor
gladly, hopefully we can resist eating it - who doesn't love squeeky cheese from
What part of that outfit makes you feel cute ?
Safe travels Buddy :)
turn that frown upside down!
Wow can I get a personal trainer?
Easy now, Grasshopper. I love Durantula, too, but LBJ has been playing UNREAL ball all season. Going to be a sweet Finals.
Welcome back to a busy Spring semester in the Women's Studies Program... stay tuned for coming information!
Touring the Carlsberg brewery today!
the economic crash of 2008 incurred about $108,000 per US household in costs and stock and house-price losses
It's one thing to talk bad about me and stalk my life. But to do the same to my friends bc you can't get any play between the 3 of us?
The food channel : wonderful tips for delicious and easy dishes. CHECK OUT Emeril
Yesterday, Mike n I got to hang with 30 Urban Pastors/Planters (thks ) n then Marriage Bootcamp , chillin wit fam today.
Welcome to the twitterverse !
Yooo Follow My New Page Thanks!! I'm deleting This One
Well, so much for this being a good weekend.
Murder @ the motel 6 next door to my apt complex. Had my truck searched in order to get through the police lines. Always a great day starter
Text me
I keep thinking bout that thirst monster at loca Luna that was hilarious to me
Ah home sweet KC
say what?!
“Just remember, when you should grab something, grab it; when you should let go, let go.”
hah I just happened to see your tweets and I was like "she's at it again" LOL
So knew my former Porn as a Film Genre professor.
may or may not have laughed & cried while reading this. Silently of course bc I am "working"...
: 7 vegan friendly restaurants down here at our Key West wedding!
haha, yes. Still here. Just been in back-to-back meetings all afternoon. Helicopter left, but recently returned??
you two make an awesome team. Miss you both.
Interviewing with the "Young & The Restless" Casting Director tomorrow.....wish me success!
Got an interview at J.Crew
Thanks boo <3 I plan to come out soon... idk when but real soon... xD
Yep. Putting in a movie and going to sleep. Totally. Exhausted.
One of you got me, the other Ms America.
RIP Steve Jobs - a true visionary...
yeah ... the roof apparently blew off Navy Pier's Skyline Stage ...
Other people singing annoys the fuck out of me...
quitters never when and winners never quit!!
hey there, how are you? its actually a wharton event, would let you know otherwise - hows everything going?
Haha. Yeah, Josie just farted on my lap and I couldn't stop laughing. Doesn't mean we have to *act* 33.
you should be ashamed of yourself. You have bad PR on your hands. Who's giving you advice?
Are you patient or more passionate.
It doesn't appear that I can win in this town. I put together a plan that beat the Bengals in Cinci and I'm still too conservative.
#BOYFRIENDReview u did it J!! i'm so proud of you!!! boys were listening to it today in class
Sources tellme that I am already sick of the Rob Lowe Irsay quote. Everyone using it in their stories. Come on be creative!
#worstmovietitles "The Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and Became Mixed-Up Zombies" yes it's a movie. Hard to believe I know
I love it when a plan comes together. Thats what happens when you call the A-Team.
ha! I'm trying. hoping his gas passes soon, lol!
Get the most from your healthcare benefits by being an active participant! #Linton&Associates 505-247-1530
Just started Middlemarch on my #kindle. Is it normal for free books to have formatting that's a bit off? Some new paragraphs aren't tabbed..
Arctic Monkeys off to a hot start tonight. Blazing!
#ABCin2012 RT And infrastructure plan is also ripped from Golding's Public Safety Ordinance. How great that turned out.
Worth the wait: The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
"We're going to catch those thieves red-handed." "What color are their hands now?"
That reggae goes perfect with the warm weather we've been having. Now I'm compelled to dig into my music archives for more.
Are you going? Will we see you there?
is awesome. Great website very informative.
RT! almost at 3000 followers, help me close the gap. To all my followers a big thank you, to my non followers..... Check your dome piece! (:
Kaeden: why don't celebs respond to Fans on twitter. Me: Because they don't know who you are, and they don't want to get personal.
That sounds like a plan friend!
It's looking great! All my friends are real shocked how it turned out. I can send you a link this week for you to review. ...
YEAH! i love/d it. i do give in occasionally but would eat it all the time if i could.
some of us are out at LSP
“: Why is dinner time such a challenge with a 3 year old? #serenitynow” Add a 6 month old and you're describing my evening.
Drinking beer for Cinco de Mayo? Try "Pacifico" (mexico) great alternative to corona!
My heart just burst into a million little hearts! I didn't even know this was happening. & 4 $10! I got 2 tix. Thank you, doll!
When starting your home business when it gets tough don't ever give up!
Happy Fathers Day to all you hard working dads!!!
Less red tape that way
#FF to and for being such loyal fans of ours
we can go back if u want lol
Mornin munchies sucks
I'll gladly continue living w/out money, success, love, security, friendship & the respect of my peers as long as I get to keep my freedom.
none of that I just want my inseminated kids and I'll be fine.
Please join us on Monday November 21, 2010 for Andy Ebon The Wedding Marketing Expert at the Intercontinental Hotel Ohare.
True growth occurs when new learning forces you to "reorganize" internally. Bruce Roselle speaking on leadership
All filler, no killer
#SMWpolitics: #facebook essential for news: comments raise tone of conversation (no anonymity), social media reader shares content.
You know I'll be following you!! Can't wait!
A dog's whiskers -- found on the muzzle, above the eyes and below the jaws -- are technically known as vibrissae. They are...
I want to go out!
Maybe we should just start and close Chapman? That would solve all of our problems!!!!!!!!!!
Excited to hear some great speakers today!
UPDATE: Crash I-205 SB before the Gladstone exit is mostly on the left shoulder...still backed up before Hwy 224/Milwaukie exit.
Thank you SO much. Your support is tremendous! We can't wait to show you the newest build of the game at !
Only with can I sit in a parked car for 2 hours and be completely entertained the whole time.
well, you will prob win considering how many times you've entered! :)
ima clean my room today. for real. I keep putting it off.
I think Molina missed tagging Kawasaki.
Black is slimming, not a miracle
Or the time she drowned and a lifeguard had to save her..... 2 WEEKS AGO!
I just really hope that you think of me
Love being a mommieee
US degree attainment flat at 40% over last 40 yrs. Used to be 1st in world, now 10th.
Brewers time! Then out for Jakes birthday
I look so good in that dress. life's too short to not feel AWESOME every time you get dressed.
hahah I knew it!!! It was one or the other haha
RT : He that drinks fast, pays slow.- Benjamin Franklin
Eating wasabi chocolate and knowing is grossed out, even if she can't see it.
Need a little Holiday Cheer? Stay tuned our Holiday Sweeps, starts Monday!
Shooting some emotional scenes tonight on With a comedy button ala
Emily and Katie are behind the bar, making a delicios array of cocktails. Isn't it the perfect night for a drink made with love?
Just signed a birthday card for , not a bad way to end a Friday.
curious to hear your thoughts on the #sunstroke app. interested in an ios fever client, but no reviews out there of it
Too much, they say, will the overbearing Apollo be, and he will greatly hold sway over immortals and mortal men upon the grain-giving fields
haha, that's actually a good gift. I didn't know u we're so close to Napa!
the wanted sing "glad you came" and its a really good song u should listen to it :)
yeah but i dont have my phone back yet i had to send it in and get a new one
"Under everything just another human being. Oh, I don't wanna hurt, there's so much in this world to make me bleed."
I am trusting GOD for great things! How about you?
You're my fav outside of MN. Alfonso is my fav here.
Ah you found me on Twitter... Stalker!
How on Earth was "Chip n Dale" a kids' show on the Disney Afternoon...talking chipmunks.
I was thinking that I should do the same!
put a claim with your bank, so we assume that you received your refund unless the bank or you contact us. Again, we want you to
the silver is awesome! i thought it would be light but it really rocks. the orange was light
good seeing you today!!
: You too! Ate way too much nonessential bread, but was totally worth it. Hope you had a fabulous day, too!
WALKING THE HALLS is premiering on Lifetime, Sat at 8pm. Live twitter party with the cast during the premiere.
can i get a shoutout? :)
You wanna hear some edgy comedy? www.freakshowradio.com
you know I will. :)
you're welcome!
Top of the Hub highest spot in Boston listening to jazz of bassist Brian McCree on his annual tour He's composed music for my projects too
What a glorious day here in Boston, Massachusetts! Enjoy it because in like 2 days you'll be freezing your titties off!
Your history is meant to guide your destiny ... not decide your destiny
I'm a little envious.
RT : I enjoyed our conversation too concerning citability, esp as it applies to what I've been pondering: Recovery Act funds.
what ya doing?
lmao lucky! Did u talk to her??
Thank you! RT : the best!
oh fun fun stuff bird :) im so excited that your still wanting to go there
A3 agreed, augmented reality could be very useful, maybe with in-stadium activation on signs/posters
hm how about April 2013?
we must be the #AllNightClub 'round here
Augmenting reader actions into "altmetrics" as part of digital scholarlship <- Privacy, conflict of interest, open access, IP
you two really know how to lift the spirits :)
Slow down and everything you are chasing will come around and catch you.
Watching favorite show.
mirror pic soon
I need this bank to approve my car loan go I can get my baby tomorrow!
School was lame.
Yoga yoga yoga all day long. Well for an hour. But that's pretty good.
Morning, kitty kats.
lol @ "anti-clutch" RT“: Lebron is the Anti-clutch.”
Dublin Summer 2010 Deadline Extended to February 22! Apply now and experience Irish culture with an Irish professor and excursion trips !
I'm seriously burnt out on math and engineering problems =/ Do I seriously still have 2 1/2 years left of this? =/
I will shoot with you !!!! But I will also drink with you....
#whattheworlddonttalkabout why gas is so high
Hey:D
yeah, i just hope he isn't sad/depressed...
Had to impulse buy a wallet because the duct tape one finally decided to melt in my hand. Have to spend money to...carry money?
I'm at listening to Hall & Oates. Where is ?
Why set your sights so low? I'd go for at least 30! RT How do I invent a clock with 25 hours?
Like beyond garbage bruh...the pacers??
Biz is great
thanks, we'll look into it.
TnT at the Luxor is open late tonight...come on down!
I feel complete.
Love u forever! Good Night <3
If you dont want it... I do!! lolol(:
So are those Parks & Rec/Community/30 Rock rumors true or what?
#GuessThatSong 'i stare at my reflection in the mirror, why am i doing this to myself'
Doctor Who returns tonight!
how do people do really cool things with text in video? flash? after effects?
aww man that's no good :( The tickets you bought will still work though whenever it gets rescheduled so hopefully we'll still
nope lol besides I was just playing with them anyway
recall: Another dog food w/ Salmonella- Solid Gold Health Products 4 Pets(El Cajon, Ca)- WolfCub Lg Breed Puppy & Solid Gold Lg Breed Adult
: I'm trying to do the KP clone thing!! Let me know how I'm doing!
Congratulations Stan! Well deserved!
i cant wait to see you bro! =)
great! if you happen to miss it, we can work out something else.
Nobody will be able to cover Saving All My Love For You, it's off limits for any tribute.
Jake owen coming out!! Love his smile
Bye bye Silvio
so,excited to watch Make it or Break it tonight, I really wanna know what wrong with lauren
one more week
any plans for an API to create custom panels?
which minivan did you end up buying?
Thanks to my good friend who helped me change my twitter name! I use to be Thanks Ray!
“: #UseTittiesInAMovieTitle "For Colored Titties"” lmao I like that one
True story :)
If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change.
Thanks for Wolof dictionary - great resource! Any chance you know where to find a Serer dictionary -another Senegalese tongue.
how is tht even possible
Okie dokoe. I just realized something. The chances of A. & retweeting me and following me is one in a mill.
follow this dude.
So cool hospitals are using twitter. Maybe patient care will benefit.
#cnndebate: The Handmaid's Tale + some post-apocalyptic dystopia that is too frightening to be written.
It's all wrong. It's like in those stories, where they said "We got ours, go fuck yourselves."
Ay I already miss yo face!!!
dont worry about it, he'll do it when you least expect it. :)
What's the reason for such strong words to come against, with almost less restraint, when it comes to especially the Christian faith?
Night x
Bouta get faded up @ Guzman's Barbershop!!
A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives.~Jackie Robinson
And the train is off like a herd of turtles.
RT 3 days w/o exercise makes Skibba an unhappy girl.
I hit a Tweet limit. This is my back up. :)
it's a good way to meet the people in Paris who have bandages and neosporin, though.
don't let the bed bugs bite, literally!
- \'spek-<U+02CC>e-ze\ is always sipping on something, last night it was a 2009 Groffiere Clos de Beze! Thanks for the follow!
Is there any love in this world
If you call having your ear lobes stretched;gauges,I'm going to judge you.
People suck at communication.
no..? Like 20 minutes
Actually made it thru my Birthday and should be released from hospital tomorrow afternoon! Yeah!!! Go team Jnette
Good Morning!! Remember this day is what YOU make it!! :)
right?! LOVE him!! <3
great quote
Holy shit me too! Like my bathroom is filled with all this face stuff lol. I obses over my face!!
I need 100+ followers. Can I please get a shoutout and some more followers. I love Harry Styles so you gotta help me.
#TheKilling did it again! Excellent!
The more the merrier - Pasadena Weekly
haha your so stupid, because what im saying has nothing to do with her life, get it thru your head!
It's been pretty crazy here today too! i'm sure would agree! normally i don't mind mondays...
The Throwback Mixtape will be released at MIDNIGHT!!!! www.CalDashE.com for FREE download!!!!
I don't have dinner made either!! Where's la conguita when u need them!!
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have. ~Zig Ziglar
Hasted Kraeutler is please to announce its participation in Pulse Miami December 1 - 4
Super thanks for the follow, What are you #producing these days?
GOT A BITCH WE CALL HER INDY SO WE RIDE HER LIKE 500
The session on the results of the US History exam was fascinating. A lot of thought goes into designing & scoring the tests.
Fortune favors the bold and life is exactly what you dare to make it. So, let’s boldly dare to make your life magnificent!
Rock out with the Crown Kings Tonight!!! 9:30pm Sam Adams promo 8-9pm
Did you check completed listings? You can get an idea of what others have sold for recently.
The United States is not a theocracy.
thanks for sending that!
pandora would be straight if it didnt have ads & if it had a repeat button.
Thank you! Home now. Time for wine and some peace and quiet.
"Groups Team Up to Turn Free Online Courses Into Cheap College Credit" via
hey..you guys ok out there with those tornados??
Wisconsin Republicans elected in 2010 were not legally eligible for recall-- we would have won this thing otherwise
Take the day off tomorrow. You'll want to watch Episode 1 of "Terrible People" over and over.
lol for real
We're excited to partner with The SBO Network event on Cleantech is Thursday night at the White Stag Block.
you on Skype?
im so sorry </3
Busy day today. Hasbro commercial audition and meeting with another agency who could rep her in print. Then back in time for ballet class!
Feelin like shit. Going to school anyway.
Booked 2 groups for this weekend :) It's going to be BoNkErS!
i'm strong minded but I can't but let certain stuff effect me
Twilight Zone marathon is the bizness!!!
denver is the only airport i've been to in a while with free wifi. wheeeeeee!
The only thing that would make this instant coffee bearable is bailey's.
SPAMMER ALERT!!!
No man is good enough to govern any woman without her consent.
Check out the new Hit single!, Break Me Down ft.Timothy Haze!!!
Hell yeah! RT : This weekend introduces Saturdays with beginning at 10PM.
Yes! Will send u an email! & it's not too cold - high 40's, can I see u?? RT can u suggest some fabulous lunch & dinner spots?
On today a mob of teenagers, robbed a young man and I witness the attack. I helped him and prayed with him.. Chicagoans learn to snitch!
The expo is FREE! :-) Yeee-Ha. Look forward to meeting you there
lol..so you are lucky;)
there's a Christmas bar. We're doing holiday planning at work. :)
Dear , we heard you're with a 15k in your future?
Sorry I'm late overslept
So many songs about walruses that it's annoyingly hard to search for a clip of a walrus singing.
o.O
haha thanks guys! Congrats to ya'll too!
Oh no! is giving a talk at UC Irvine on the day commemorating the #Nakba - organizing over biopolitics this time, I'm afraid.
Hey & – we're gaining momentum in advance of 04/28 and would love to talk to you about what we're up to.
the Chi Tribune needs a source for a story on reckless driving. Please call me at (312) 337-7746.
love and rockets, yall. Not that ive read it or anything
Regular patron had a large box of cookies sent to the #Library. That's the kind of surprise I'm talking about.
Tweet your #deal terms and space criteria to using the hashtag #RECon12 and we will RT
Since the dawn of time, female servants have been addressed as "saucebox" and "pert." In Samuel Richardson's _Pamela_, ...
best bet is to hit up . GL
did u post anything about the #feminismLIS unconference ?cheers all thx
And next week is the last time I get tested.
I just watched the new Oprah special with Lady Gaga. I gained so much love and respect for Gaga after watching that.
I guess so .. on that note I'm going to bed .
hanging out with you ;)
Combos, a honey bun and Twix is a well-balanced lunch, right?
: -- thanks so much! Glad you like it!
Drink some water! Right now!
wait....pic of brian or holly?
Happy Sunday people!!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW.. SEE YOU THIS SATURDAY AT #COMMON SPACE #PARTYALLWEEK.COM FOR MORE INFO
Very true! But he's not a historically poor 4th qtr player...only one bad series last year vs #Mavericks. Hope all is well!
So we decided against camping in the forest in the rain on Friday the 13th, yet I'm still watching the film.
Considering to Pose as a Service Animal Trainer to Exploit People with Disabilities? Think Again!!! Read full story on www.crtasa.blogspot
wat time shuld i pick u up?
what?! Put it back! I still owe you a bday present.
anytime for me is good :)
just constant fighting between either me and my parents or my sister and my parents
Please help. I need three WRs to start. D. Jackson, A. Boldin, V. Cruz, T. Smith, or D. Driver?
Diduknow:No matter what products say, theres no way to mend split ends. Once you have them, the only way to get rid of them is to snip them!
Here's a little Christmas short they showed in theatres in 1946. Happy Holiday's to all!!
Goodnight! It was nice talking to you! :)
Hey Justin got couch space? Maybe just big sleepover at the Alamo roadhouse?
PB&J ....late night snack
That article seems to be suggesting that it is warranted.
Sometimes when U stop looking 4 what U want, what U need finds U <U+2665>
At Carrollwood Day School
A new country?!?! South Sedan congrats on your new President :) Who'd of thought in our lifetime
Here's another test, let's see what other b.s. spammers come my way after changing my pw once again ...
just made a good ass knocking breakfast!!!!! <3
thank u
Come out tonight to Adams Morgan Day 18th and Columbia Sts NW! 5pm
Trying to determine where I will be most productive today...This, in itself, is extremely unproductive.
I saw all of the promos, but The Shirt is definitely my favorite. Can't wait to see an episode, looks hilarious!
RT “: Respect is earned, Honesty is appreciated, trust is gained, and Loyalty is returned.”
the cubs are coming back! lol
I wish I knew how to drive a stick shift. that'd be so fun :)
#ConfessionHour Some of my friends think just because i like pop music im going to hell
Aww, thank you! :) I'm doing good, how are things in Nashville?? Btw, have you heard about the new pet at Zach's house?
Home alone. Blast the sad 1D songs in one room while eating a bucket of ice cream across the hall in another room? YES!
She just has to say something every week.
now playing Mighty Healthy... RAP DEREK JETER! HAHAHA
No, I never saw that one. Awesome. Angry people are cool. We make people angry weekly.
also if you do have a show here ill get as many people I can :)
all time and ill try this weekkend :)
I'm just going to say it: If you've ever asked, "do we need a Facebook page?" the answer is "no"
If u get 5 or more ppl 2 watch the show next week, I'll make the next one about unicorns POOPING rainbows & dedicate it 2 U!
i peed a little when i saw 's tweet. THATS MY BROOKE. THATS THE BROOKE ON THIS ACCOUNT. YOU GO MY LITTLE HONEY BOO BOO
A nice dinner w/my wifey.
Can you export it to a new file type? Or reopen and save as a new type?
Who will "like" me now?!
If I don't follow you back right away that mean Im still looking for a tweet that sparks my interest! I dont find one, I dont follow!
those are so cool!!! You rock Alli!!
What are you doing today on this nice Saturday?(:
Wow i need more followers...
working on the video footage we made during the cd recording in the studio. Takes a lots of time to put it all together
"Fuck with the Wolves; we startin' to bark viciously. Catch us in a pile of bodies where dead bitches be."
Been listening to alot of drake lately I like some of the older shit better
"It's never crowded along the extra mile." - Dr. Wayne Dyer
White Sox baseball
aw, thanks to you too and right back atcha!
Me and my twin 3minutes apart
will let you know! I've got family there, so you never know!
There are over 700 students at "The Great Gatsby" right now!
he picked miami?
nice man, happy to hear this remix on the air! Hope people come check us tomorrow night at the New Parish!
Yeah, hills probably not so fun in the snow...
Everyone is a genius at least once a year
Sending shout outs to fellow #indiehorror friends & , wishing them the best on their current projects.
lol you just better come to school tomorrow !
Mrs. Janice's 73 birthday was Friday! She's been there for me ever since I was born! #LikeAGrandmaToMe <3
Jacobs almost looks like the Jacobs of 3 years ago.
you not doing podcast anymore? Last one I see on the site and itunes is the Dallas game.
Because he was leading off in the 8th and they needed to score a run. Just because they didn't doesn't make it wrong.
Im having a great day!!
please follow me on instagram-pinkglitter758 it would mean so much to me!!
Tanger that was awesome, you got robbed
Aint no woman alive that can take my momma's place...
The Archies had the #1 song this day in 1969 with Sugar, Sugar. That sure brings me back to my childhood!
Since Leonardo was brave enough to express such a bold opinion (before it was politically incorrect) I'll do the same...
i had to go take it to get fixed. -.-
DAMMIT. I hate it when Green Day's Hitchin a Ride starts. I get all excited because I think it's going to be They Might Be Giants.
One lonely beastie i be.
Life sucks. And then you die.
To all my friends in in Hawaii and the West Coast....Be safe. I'm thinking of you. Bill Oswald in Hawaii-let us know you're safe.
I got ha Phone Took
The Lookout is making me love Joseph Gordon-Levit(t?) so much fucking more
Its freezing.
Needing a trip to NYC soon to hit up Shopping online just isn't as fun!
Yeah, i meant some of them. But twitter only allows me to put as much characters as they allow me to :s
(pb published by OR Books, trade pb to be put out by Penguin. Pubs May 2012. Let me know if you want a review copy...)
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower
Thiss Time Im Really Staying To Myself & Aint Talkin To None Of Them Tomorrow
excited for tonight's Rue La La event to benefit Fashion for Paws
At a stop light next to an Evo X, ended up in a strange competition of speed to see who could roll off the line the slowest.
my niece is a trip
Ion't care what a BITCH say, ima be like dis til I get gray !
thank goodness for that.
Registered for the Boston Equity Stage Source Auditions in April. Boston here I come (back)!
Why is my other account NOT WORKING!? Ugh
hi my friend love u she's ure biggest fan and u pleas please follow her :)
In California with the rest of the RSWC team! :) Chilling in the hotel room currently watching the 49ers man handle the Saints!
and that's a great reason to shoot someone
Lost in LA, our latest release, is a teen novel about a girl struggling among the mean girls. She hangs with a goth queen and a Latino brain
Everything > bugs i hate those things
Hi there!! How's life going?!
What are you trying to rob a bank? How much crap do you need to wear on your head? It was like 35 degrees today?!?!
Haha it's a testament to how awful this place is
Working on the Mixtape (y)
Can't believe that John Oliver is following my tweets.....regardless, the idea is as funny as he is.
Aw, thank you!
Scratch that last tweet. PP had already expired. All tied at two in the second
For everyone who keeps asking when the 1st meeting is it will be Sept. 15th @ 5pm in Room 314A. See ya there folks!
Reports from #Bahrain: Army patrolling #Manama on the eve of the pro democracy revolution.
but I bet you stalk more people then I love... But if not livings a good thing hahah
The Deluxe bed is still being serviced, and will be available again shortly. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may cause!!
Love my bff Angel! Only she can make me feel normal in this f*cked up world.
Hopefully this yoga class will help me get back to sanity.
what time?
I'm so hungry it's like I don't even want to eat anymore.
Ha, well, mostly keeping the food as hot, fresh and inviting as it is when it comes to your table!
could you make this the best birthday ever and follow me pretty pretty please??? <U+E32D><U+E32D><U+E32D>
You actually made this old gal blush - thanks so much, Axel!
damn, you're a good dad!
for our #glutenfree #gf fans. b sure to follow #RDChat stream tonight. right now chat focused on
Wuts wrong?D:
The night ain't over until the Fat Lady gets on a diet but that ain't going to happen so the night is still young
you just don't stop..lol imma get you back you'll see
Wells is gone but you probably already know that
Hahaha!! Stay strong, Don! RT : Twist of fate or evil trick, National Margarita Day on first day of #Lent?
it better be..
a blues for Nia
haha don't get your hopes up
I'm celebrating the weekend before an the whole week after . But that is the actual b-day
Orioles baserunner tried to steal second, why???
Tuesday the 8th
I'm down for whatever, let me know
Bullpen because it's not just Rickie struggling from an offensive side
RIP Dick Clark - I truly thought you would outlive the cockroaches. I never once put you on my yearly "death poll."
Ok, I remember the company, but also the spiced nuts. Yum!
can you follow me please
yay!! I'll be looking for updates from ya on here!!!!
Showing final and game tonight 7pm on 52 big screens!
Best Xmas and Hanukkah EVER!!!
Infrastructure investment is a high priority for foreign investment in
Done Deed Sir. Thanks for the support!
VIRGINIA WOMEN! THE WOMAN PAGES HIGHLY RECOMMENDS FILM GOOD DEEDS. THIS IS A MUST SEE FILM!
Yes, have been since Monday night. Ugh....every other month I am sick
let's go
We could start in the Driftwood Room ...
"Women are not just victims of war. They are agents of peace." -Secretary Clinton at
I think boyfriend is ur best song
We are pleased to announce that "Space Invader" was ranked #5 on NashvilleRock.net's Top 20 Singles for 2010!
I'm obsessed with 'one thing' god their AMAZING! and Sexy and talented<3
thanks for the follow
NO MATTER WHAT WE PARTY TONIGHT #SWAG!!
If you need me text my Cell (:
¦ A team is an entity & as such can't appreciate, but I know the players, owners, & front office do appreciate fans.
We spent weeks in her room Just having #sex And listening to #jazz And that was the life Didnt know at the time
thanks ha :/ i'll need it.
If you have HATERS, It means your doing something right and their mad jealous!
Yay! cool, Kk I'll send it over in a min :) Thanks girly!
Good lord I love you <3
I'm not out your league, we're just not playing the same game.
does hate the Freer's visitors? Those things are vicious!
RT : Need tree farms greater than 10,000 acres in USA - Rural locations preferred to sites in the path of urban sprawl
thanks for the #FF :)
Thanks and you too, dear!
Born to be somebody bu ... best song EVERR . <3
Happy Thanksgiving !!
totally underrated
No. :( not as cute as Niall. But it's still pretty cute. :)
still love them
Yes! : : From now on, I'm pretending all new headlines about #RonPaul are actually about You go, Girl!
Saved a bird's life earlier today. I bet he tweeted about it too.
So clearly, the #redsox can never play at Fenway again this year
Come visit us at SF9 @ #ICSC #RECon We will be discussing 1031 exchanges and raising capital using
Too many community foundations depend on Packers to survive ($$ or PR work), negative backlash would be huge
This is a really cool idea...considering writing my own post :)
- oh the beats, indeed.
One-Day Audition/Cold Reading Technique Workshop - Los Angeles Sunday, November 8th, 2009, 10am - 5pm www.actorsintensive.com Sign up Now!
I'm getting reports that THE FRENZY WAR, Book Two in my werewolf series "The Frenzy Cycle," is now available at Barnes and Noble. Howl!
My god!!......Trent Dilfer has fangs like Blade..What a rapist!!
#top100lies Obama loves America
boo! That should be illegal!
McNamee of Elevation Partners: HTML5 takes the web from shitty to spectacular.
I had a tix for nxt year concert but sold it cause I had nobody to b wit
Epidsode 2 of the Podcast is shaping up...more news as it develops!
"Electric guitars in church!? Oh my goodness the dropouts must have overtaken the reverend."- Ned
;)) ill help u will espanol
open to all
this literally made me LOL (: ~Megan
just sent you an email
haha this Guy hah is off the charts hah
Tuned in for the 2011 #WWDC keynote
At the shop lacen niggas up....bordeux on my feet carrerras on my face
Is #tebow worthy of starting in next week's #legendsfantasyleagues lineups? put your answer in facebook to decide
check out , blend into the landscape
you got nothing to worry about
ok get on facebook kas i dont really no wat im doing on dis hoe
thanks, Nick! We're glad to be here with this great group. We will be sure to keep the bacon "dressed" ;)
I wish mine was like that RT : The Castronovos look like their house is in the middle of the Amazon Jungle.
hope u feel better
thanks for including us in Web 2.0! Cc
4 hours of sleep in the past 38 hours.. I think it's time for me to go to bed.
within every biological community there is hierarchy, yet hierarchy should never result in privilege or marginalization...
It finally looks like winter in #Syracuse! Great day for some skiing.
paws up!
really? That doesn't sound right but what do I know.
notes from netflix: narration works best in screenplays when delivered from a "stream of consciousness", not addressing a 4th wall...
ur like 10 you should be single for a long time what the heck
Thanks for coming out Vic!
It's going to be a great series
Just lost a whole drive due to corrupted files. I clicked on "fix corrupted files" not throw them away.
she may have missed, and I put it all on the internet so I could show my new granddaughter her name is Cierra Hope Scott-Jackson.
New page New Page Follow me now I'm shouting out all my followers
BELIEVE in the power of social media to connect us all. MT: It's so much fun seeing friends get RTed by NPR. So awesome. :)
On the road back to Lexington. Had a relaxing weekend in Louisville
Way to #BeatHunger #Milwaukee! RT : #Twanksgiving was great. 300 lbs of food and 18 turkeys for families.
I'm hungry. Oh and HAPPY BIRTHDAY You made it.
I like it a lot when I can flex my PA in public. 3600 watts is fun. Why the fuck am I awake.
Here at LAMILL, we prepare coffee SIX different ways! Retweet if you can name one of them!
everything is better with the top off!
Awesome to see , and at Teaching Against the Odds. Let's organize! #Solidarity with Chicago!
man up to your mistakes and quit bein' a bitch.
Some fantastic jazz tonight!
I like it when you call me big papa
Thanks Eileen! You too!
Happy, happy birthday to :)
#Brewers NEED new reporters. Love BA and rock but these other mopes talk like they just got concussed.
The only math you need is: Me + You = Forever.
The only people who really worry about money are the very poor and the very rich.
Ooh... you get to see Clutch. Couldn't recommend them higher. Incredible band. Wife describes them as "Rasputin... with guitars."
These two things are true! But the third thing he is absolved from saying is that the other party is happy to be boxed into this corner.
Taking by state inspector exam blah!!
aw I wish I could be there.
haha not too much of that, but there's pretty good amount
Fair question RT : If you have to beg for votes for someone to go in the hall of fame do they really deserve it?
Why is everybody surprised I like the Kardashians?
Workin' up a meat sweat RT : isn't that a Prince song? Erotic Bacon?
3-4 D so they wanted a DE instead of a DT?
I'm so happy we only had a half day of school today
Customize > Promote > Earn...
school, don't really mind any of it but i can't stand english and italian just go away...
Thank you, Lisa. ;-) Sweet of you to say. I see that you're an interior designer. Have you used our site before?
I had been to many #legalchats in past, sorry I haven't been in months.
Wow i cant believe i just droped my phone and it fell apart why is it the lower you drop it the the bader the fall will be
Good night twitter
Now why did i wear this blouse again?
thanks for the #Curb reminder. Didn't realize it was starting up again. DVR is now set.
lol no I don't think anyone wants to go
I just had a dream about Emmett Till.
Lmfao. on IG this morning. I love that clown.
The books next participant will be announced later today. Guitar Player? Bass? Drummer? We honestly don't know! Join our FB Fan Page to see.
Completely -> RT : A big 1st step in right direction RT : Apple Announces a New iPad Textbook Exp -...
I know how you feel! Somtimes I like them (well now her) other times im like...why am I listening to this?
Yikes - that's my alma mater! RT : JUST IN: Lebanon High School has been evacuated as a precaution due to a chemical spill.
Buy your tickets for 's #whereveryouaretour June 20 in Chi-city! Bring family, friends, and get ready to party! Who's Ready?!
Two nights in a row i fell asleep with the tv on. Smh
What is the difference between 'Address Reservation' and 'ARP Binding'
its cool that you are a bandwagon and ain't got shit to show for it
Watching Due Date lol
Need a new tatt asap
Coconut is doing a bit better, it will take a couple weeks for pills to work, giving cats pills is such a joy! Diagnosed with ocd & anxiety!
Why are your tweets so amazing c: i feel like a creep if i retweet all of them but i just love them. <3
thank you. just wish the day ended on a happier note.
ok let me rephrase, they'll try something new, but, I hav a feeling, they'll be back, permenantly if things dnt pan out.
Hope everyone is having a great weekend!
Living it up....
I love hanging with the ISS librarians! Always good to connect with new people and visit with the friends from all over the country.
Prom they should play "First Dance" PERFECT <3 right?! Haha
Anyone who thinks men are naturally monogamous has never tried to watch TV with a man in charge of the remote control.
no problem! You better be cheering me on this weekend against the Steelers!
My algebra trig teacher ain't been here in 2days! &these the 2 days I decide to come on time. -___-
touchscreens are simply not ideal for those of us who WORK not PLAY with Technology
New Thundercats premiere was amazing. For serious.
SquE-Z the world, one citrus at a time... Or many, your choice.
Base hit for angle. 1 on, 0 out.
Come along!!! A hotel room may be in order at this point though! Lol
You dudes aren't true punx til you have a special guest FROM BEYOND THE GRAVE.
LOL that'd be awesome if you came with! It was a lot of fun :]
Getting food fucked Miky Ds and Panda Express. Tiz all about the combos!
Now who's gonna tell me what to buy?
started my xmas shopping this weekend.. i'm satisfied with that. usually i start shopping the week before, so this is a great improvement
Be fair to ppl
now who looks stupid. :P <3
your welcome :) and ya they are surely amazing.
come to fournos on the ave on Saturday from 10-2am for purim! dress to impress with p is for purim costumes! free tanks to first 50 guests!
RT : My iPad has arrived in Anchorage.
Is it the raven part or the shapeshifter part that's the problem?
you and are related. Lmfao.
thanks fellas
BTW - how's it going! Sorry to hear about Rich; what a character
basic niggas always wanna take shots.. Smfh.. These nuts stayed manicured lol
The percussive string sounds are in the belly of the whale, swallowed up by the Great Hall.
:( I was more of a Sendak fan as an adult, but children's lit has never been the same since him
We can not have my weigh changing like that
So we plan to #launch in the fall. But for now, see our sister #graphic #apparel company. W.ziggling.com
gives me hope for America :)
Kurt, Ryan Chell-, Brian Billick's station. Any chance we can talk Flacco w/u? Time is yours to plug anything!
have just discovered the drawback to using individual bags of chips for lunch talks.
hi doyou guys offer customer service via twitter?
Thanks for the mention!
i don`t need your $$ i got My own . so Lets get that straight now .
wth! On team amd bravo is still in reruns in san diego. Dying 2c see what every1 is talking about!
Grr, not being able to drive sucks, gonna miss out on seeing tonight. ><
That's the way to do it. Even though it feels so strange...
glad you had fun. sad you didn't get to ride the wheels off of the Miata. :( ~ feel your pain
well if we go to mcdonalds i will only eat a salad from there I don't like greasy food unless it is Denny's lol
yes xD Well.. we are pretty close if I actually think about it... So she's not too far off xD
Pacers warming up for the playoffs against the Pistons. Tune into FSN Indiana!
Normal: winter, spring, summer, fall, repeat. Milwaukee: winter, winter, antartica, hell, depression, summer, oven, cow.
Raiders' McClain arrested for firing gun, & assault. I wish he'd assault the opposing RB
oh gay :( lol
Jenn replied twice in an hour she's DTF. Clearly.
Heading to event tonight - Looking forward to hearing from and on the new #impinv book!
If you haven't seen #Safe yet, you should . . .
American dad > haha
Sometimes I wonder why folks react 2 things the way they do. You didn't know I'm #WINNING #BLESSED #HIGHLYFAVORED?!; Get it together folks!
We're starting summer off right...TAN!! Join us May 19th for amazing specials!
I'm so Happy the MAVS WON!! .. JAMES WHO!!
bunch o a holes.
Rest in peace Dick Clark, you will be forever remembered.
Huge S/O to my brothers on the MD TERPS LAX team!!! Let's get this 2nite!! Beat Hopkins!! "YEAH TERPS!!!"
hey, please follow back?
Visiting the Jive Palo Alto office first part of this week. Love the energy here and in this town.
Exactly! RT RT Please explain how "food stamp president" isn't dog whistle racist politics. I'll wait...
: Will you be at #SID2012 ? If so, we'd love to chat more about our displays, resolution & sunlight-friendliness!
Just got set up and is ready for tomorrow for Opening Day. Doors open at 1pm tomorrow.
I know you wanna follow me. ;) x2
RT Who has gone to cloud storage for #digitalpreservation ? not as many as I would have guessed.
Thanks, man.
Welcome and thanks, Caroline! That middle finger is way sexy!
The dating ads on apps like Draw Something and Words with Friends is fantastic target marketing...
Coffee for Sale! Comment if you would like some discounted price!! $10 / 1lb bag dark, medium and light blends available!
Excellent! But if you are in Madison, perhaps we can meet before November. :)
the new helmets are sick
That gave me phantom let-down feeling. Which is a "go" sign. Make sure you latch on properly-a wide, open mouth. :)
*Wine Down Saturday* half off bottles of wine today and every Saturday. Come see us, winos!
there should be more open 'severance documentation packages' where devs doc the cool things they've used or built /cc
don't remember the last day I had off...
you disappoint me. I thought neocons were the ones that twisted truth to suit their agendas.
You unfollowed me when I already followed you. Hmm. See yourself losing a follower too. I'm sorry. But I told you.
Where the fuck has the day gone
Today: Fall into agreement with your Magnificence!
New York bars, na bad. Still kinda miss buzzard though.
trust me i not worth the drama
Flying to Toronto for the holidays
bout to light it up
Q;Tbh? first impression? rate? date? smash or pass? A;Tbh; We Never Talk And You Dont Text Me Anymore;Rate9;Date Maybe;SmashYes<3
The 35th Annual Leadership Development Institute is about to kickoff at CAU -- High school students are ready!
Happy birthday to my lil brother Don
some will hate on your success, some will praise you, thats just how life is
Today's BTU inspiration: "The most important things are the hardest to say, because words diminish them." ~Stephen King
Also he made a nom nom noise.
Is the world coming to an end tomorrow or 2012? Second opinion please
monday's don't have to make you blue...in fact blue dream can make your mondays just about anything but!
Ugh. This Steve Jobs biography is like a bound Ken Burns documentary.
me 2 i cant wait until extreme rules this sunday john cena vs brock lesner
The easiest conference check in ever. Thank you!
i hav 2 finish my paper so i got 2 go already by u guys :(
when an Aquarius love we love 4real lol
#hatingbabymamas always wanna keep yo man on the phone tryna talk bout current events when its supposed 2 b bout the kid.
iyiyi think you should follow me<3
Mixing records is a form of therapy.
Gotta get to the paper one time for the haters
r they turning a blind eye or just know they have skeletons in their own closet they'd rather not have unearthed?
you hussy <3
Writing..writing...writing...
I also love it when twitter freezes my computer!
BTW DT lower the cost of patents to FREE and you will see an explosion of life changing products from small inventors
Thanks for the follow!
no worries at all man. Did you tear into the package I sent you yet?
categories relate to wind speeds, not rain. It's being compared to Katrina because of flood potential (slow moving & large system)
I kinda have noticed the same thing about Twitter not "buzzing" but I am not sure why...
Confusion will increase as the length of any meeting increases. The rate of increase is in direct proportion to the number of people.
Idc how hot it is, I will never wear shirts. Ever.
I just want her too see shes all i want in life, Forever.
RT What is a Hashtag and How to Define a Hashtag on Twitter for Your Event or Business
really? I love it!! So cool the photo :)
Wait! Heather Headley in the Bodyguard MUSICAL!? I am kinda okay with that!
Skool later uqh-__- smh This better be a qood first day b/c last year was f*cked up
Driving with the windows down and music blasting :-)
Oh man! My best friend got me a purple yoga mat. It is awesome!
SUPER DUPER! Haha, you?
Yesterday the #city was so
thanks for the follow!
oh that's cool seems like a interesting profession but do they have to press so hard on the abdomen when they do it???
Let's get em tonight UK...
Did you see it yet?
shave your pubes off
I don't even know where to begin studying for this pharm final...so overwhelmed!
What about ordinary guys?
Although it is just noon, it is worth taking a good listen. Don't nap! "Haydn - Serenade for Strings Op. 3 No. 5: via "
Spaghetti dinner at 's!
Defiantly digging the new Coldplay album.
I love having to reset my Internet connection every five minutes. #OptimumOnlineSucks!!!!!
how about "shut up" & move on!
Surprise! now has rolls of green polyester powder coating masking tape available. www.sourcical.com/green-tape
No fucking way! I would have flipped!
Back to Boston!!!!
I can't wait to be a mommy <3
Awe thank you josh! i appreciate it!
Mandelbrot would approve.
ok so I was wrong
Sigh RT : Punto's first hit since April 10th.
stiletoes! U going to see TPLuush on towel night?
how was movie?
Pizza & A Pitcher Night! Buy a Pitcher, Get a FREE Pizza! Tonight we also have $2 Guinness Taps & 3 for 3 Deal - 3 Miller Shorties for $3!
You don't care about me?#sorry to hear that but to tell the truth IDGAF about you either!
Awesome day at the #NYCGeoSymposium. Great presentations. Great to see old faces. Happy GIS Day!
oh yea that was great
20 more days until we leave for Vegas <3
Whew!! What a day.
Just bought a $15 pull out couch. Hopefully Moonbeam will keep her chompers away. If not, I will mail her to to Timbuktu.
Your Voice is Amazing! I watched your video on youtube. Amazing Talent! I am Fan! :)
Did you know that the Miami News ceased publication on this day in 1988?
actually, isn't kidding. I sometimes eat candy for breakfast. Darn this insatiable sweet tooth!
Come #Thunderup tonight for the vs Clippers game at 7:00 followed by #Bingo at 9:30!!
it's all good!! I wear glasses too, but mostly contact lenses. Glasses are cute :-)
We're making our Capitol Hill and debut this Saturday night! With , Ole Tinder, and The Tallboys
I finally sucked it up and joined Angie's List to find a handyman and a doctor. So far I am 2/2 on that! Woot!
We had a great time helping out at last night with !
as long as Dan does shots w HU im in
continued trouble w/ I have a feeling at this point we are leaving the company after we JUST purchased new phones. 1K mistake.
I ll fill u in later bro, but really exciting stuff
Youre gonna love it RT : stoked to check out new stuff!
Good night!!!!! Love u all i am gonna fall asleep to more than this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
The radios feeled with garbage over techno beats
Watching #psu game at Houston airport because flight back to DC delayed. Wish bar would turn the sound on
nice. im burning a cd of for my car.
did you let other black people on social media know about the conference prior?
you know who the guest is on leno tonight right?? lol
didnt do any of mrs. settles packet. omfg crap
the crack rock
Federal judicial clerkship experience is a plus. Candidates should possess excellent writing, communication skills and academic credentials.
Zappos day! Corporate circle in front of Zappos! Chigago style dog $3
I remember when it was 25 cents.
I hope I can see you soon
We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take a little of each other everywhere.
#LTBroadcasts "Gandhi wants the Indian Nationalist Party to approve of the Peace Agreement which he has concluded with the British"(3/27/31)
4 hrs and counting. County Doctors office!
“: I gotta make a trip there just get a copy of all ur pics” girl Ud be all day I have all the pics
My mom's horrible ! Lol
but I needed it after the argument I had yesterday. Hope you had fun!
2 large pizzas, with 2 toppings each, for $10, from , yes please!
Our thoughts and prayers go out to and the family and friends of Abby Palanker.
EMiLY SUSAN KEENE DON'T YOU DAREE !
Friday night= Nair, dishes & food prep... It's never ending, but so worth it!
Merry Christmas everyone!! I'm so lucky to be with my wonderful family on this day.
Vengeance for the 2006 Mavs and the 2010 Cavs! Congrats to Dallas! You deserve it! :)
Is making the most of Summer in Iraq
You have to experience the bad to know what’s good.
I saw them at Red Rocks in 1990. Hope they are as awesome in 2011!
I want Maxwell don't be surprised if he is gone one night!
-- Don't people know what Happens when you assume?
i'm not that sick, but i keep having coughing fits. they are quite annoying.
well thank you Tony! Congrats again on your 'Days' role!!!! :) You're going to be quite busy, I'm sure! :)
It starts with a B and rhymes with hunt.
It's when I spend two hours reviewing unexpected student drafts at 8 PM that I'm most glad I'm not taking exams in a week.
I think It's funny how we hear music like 6months before the ppl back home do!
We empower individuals w/ the #Confidence to meet employers & make a powerful first impression, in preparation to successfully land a job.
hey Justine. How's NY treating you? Rollexband's still rolling.kevin said he talked 2u recently. @ a fun jazz hit.
Hey Guys! Taylor and I are making another G+ because of the hacker. It wont be verifed because G+ knows we are going to make it. Thank you:)
sorry but that is a no from me
Hahahaha only and I can exchange "hell yehs" while driving down 55.
To grow you have to be vulnerable
I'm sure Orton is a real nice guy but he needs to play in another city.
Last night's episode of could have been lifted from my life a few years ago. & the dance party @ end? From my life a few days ago.
What's the best way to start a great day with a clear head? About a hundred grounders after breakfast. Looking forward to the rest of today!
Just full on sprinted up the stairs to watch The Wanted perform on The View.
I do blog about wine. Send me the details and I will join in. Thanks!
mwah love u
“: I'm trying to get rid of my Friday and Sunday ACL tickets. Please RT and DM if interested!”
Hair appt. Saturday.
how you 7 feet tall and can't play defense?
dude i already finished doing the obama one . are you still able to do it ?
Many of the reviewers I trust online are folks I've met through Twitter, then connect with on Goodreads
The Muppet Movie is sold out!
Will do!
we gone GET IT. 2MILLI3/FIRSTKLASS..........WE OUT HEREI
im #BoSS at tutoring
Hear Julian Zugazagoitia, director of the Nelson-Atkins Museum, speak at 7 p.m. Nov. 3 (Thursday) in Epperson Auditorium on the KCAI campus.
Acting like something doesn't bother you
sup boss who was the donkey of the day you funny as fuck i luke to hear you clown on rappers
Track meet tomorrow at Hardin valley.
I got that touch
Eye opener right there.
From one of Danny Daniels friends, I wish you a Happy Birthday. May you have a blessed year full of ministry, love and much joy!
When a girl looks deep into my eyes and sensually asks, "What are you thinking?" I always reply "Midgets strangling each other on unicycles"
but I bet he doesn't ride motorcycles.
These people be in rush to go home. Not me. Let me stay here and make this money.
Wishing you all, particularly our civil servants, a Happy President's Day.
what do you mean delay?
The Hendricks County Animal shelter has a guinea pig (among many other critters) that needs a loving home. I'm maxed out at 4 pets. :(
I sent it again crazy
Man cmon wit this shit yall.. time to roll up
Thanks for posting that, kind of think they should have stuck with the 'Botax'.
Drakes voice >>
Even better for Eagles, only first year guaranteed, according to source. Decision to be made after '12 season. Basically glorified 1-yr deal
AFF started charging for basic services and so I don't use it much. If you are willing to pay, it's not too bad.
For all of you in the Dallas area don't forget to come see us playing with Polyphia and Golgatha on May 4th!
i guess they could be the same? lol
shut the fuck up omg.
Maybe it was because I was watching Melo vs. the Heat.
I was going to say smell! Dogs leave a smell on you too- so other dogs probably thought you messed with their dog homie.
Understanding the intersection of technology adoption & human behavior is fascinating -- I have a super cool job!
Getting ready for the
I might sleep even more than our cat today.
My first play was Where the Wild Things Are. "Please don't go, we'll eat you up, we love you so." Safe travels, Maurice Sendak.
Hi , usually between 75 and 150 people attend the DASER events. We hope to see you!
Happy Birthday to the beautiful Kelly Clarkson
I hope your promotion for Lifelong AIDS Alliance was a success. We will participate next time!
Can't wait to see the Pats on O and Giants on D for those packages.
Kanye West should do a "Mercy" remix with Smif-n-Wessun.
This is the first chanpionship I can really appreciate. The other 2 came when I really didn't have an understanding of UK basketball.
thank you for picking me to be apart of the 1D super fan interviews tomorrow :') <3
taught a 6-hour CE course today for insurance agents about estates, probate, trusts, wills and taxes! Excellent feedback.
hello twitter world i am new here and i hope to get followers if you really think i am cute follow me!!!!!!!!!!!!
haha Carl, you dont even know how ruthless haha
RAA's 'Illuminate' will premier Saturday the 10th at the Jazz Gallery! Don't miss this very interesting installation exhibition!
Loved lots of the speech, but not a word to honor Gabby? Honestly, pretty shocked.
Selling albums...want one?
Thanks for the !!
Gosh I remember how innocent I was when I was a little girl.. I wonder what happened to thy girl xD
RT : Rob Bernard Chief Environmental Strategist: How the Cloud Changes Everything at
Dreams are dangerous
“: LHC now running with 1380 bunches per beam”.... I mean I (n e 1) shouldn't bother tweeting til I get a hadron collider.... So cool.
MA--a new print but not a new cut.
all your quotes are all so true
so ready to go back home!
I (and imdb) are calling shenanigans. In so much as all canadiens are actually the same people, sure.
Me too! I also enjoy wiping tasks off my dry-erase board. RT : I LOVE checking off the red flags in Outlook.
Just watched Heathers followed immediately by Reality Bites. where are you when I need you?
seriously! Had to do go from Venice to Sherman Oaks to Pasadena, to East LA, back to Venice, back to East LA back to Pasadena :'(
& i don't know why, i can't keep my eyes off of youu.
Alumni we the A team egh!
That rule is now in effect! Well, at least until there is a real threat of a "national socialist" party & people start vanishing.
I am off to bed Ray..have a good night and was good talking to you. :)
ibbeet TAP loves ya too
Don't forget that it's about the relationships you make as well. People want a connection & SM allows for that
"The challenge is to help couples turn ""I Do"" into ""We Can."" Scott Stanley";;
Back hurting...
If you hear a loud noise on twitter this evening, yes it is me booing A-Rod from my living room.
We should do Jazzfest next year!!
back atcha Toby-hope to see you in Naptown soon.
Do you feel like Twitter is millions of people talking at each othe? I do! Please tell me why I'm wrong //
This is beyond nasty!!
did they suck?
Great seeing u guys on ur grind 2nite
sent message to yr hotmail account
i did follow did u add my name? let me know? k
I love my best friend in every way possible! That girl is one crazy mother fucker.
good for you!
Why are 80% of my followers on instagram 10 or younger.. Please stop
#OWIF: He really dances like a worm, my whole team agrees, including Maurice the Giant... OMG HOLY MOLY
On and on the rain will fall like tears from a star...
How do I get tickets to the grove?
Waiting to have lunch with two applied anth rockstars.
we're going at 330, so walk down here whenever
=) RT Such a fun dinner w/ especially the basement speakeasy, but I'm so full I can barely move.
I agree. Greece should improve infrastructure for safety/comfort of travelers & keep sites open, not rent them out to businesses
Adele is a beast.. killing the competition.. CONGRATS!!!!
Thank you much! :)
{ (with the material we are developing) we believe that we can bring more women into STEM, and take F students to A's/B's.
About to throw out half the shit in my room tomorrow. I keep useless shit.
I'm Hungry, In Need Of Food. Somebody Come Whip Something Up For Me =)
no I left!!
maybe haha xD and where are your videos D: i was gonna watch them but there is none
Oh Gosh Wants Me To Go On Oovoo W/ Her /: *sighs* Gotta Go Fix My Hair Lol
Hanging out with my Grandma ...finally convinced her to get the iphone 5! #YOUGOGRANDMA!
via - Report: Every Potential 2040 President Already Unelectable Due To Facebook
I miss you every second that I am not around you. I've got plans tonight, but what about tomorrow?! xoxoxoxo
it is now 2013 how many of you have are still sticking to your resolutions?
Can i get a follow it will mean the world to me if you follow me! i love watching H2R! And your my favorite character on H2R!
maury is the best show on t.v. lol
Can anyone tell me if they are getting an error saying "forbiddin" or "error sending tweet"??????I haven't been able to send tweets all day.
Hey timtaliaferro, I just mentioned you in my comment on "UT Second-Most Efficient University in the ....
New macbook pro screaming in agony as the bearings for one of the fans starts to fail. Argghhh.
New students - welcome to your new home today! We're so glad you're here!
It's where designers submit a mix that they like and create the covert art to the mix. I linked up through twitter.
Gettin red color on my braces for 's concert<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Would love to know why we don't see ANY gay people of color working on your campaign? Are you working in coalition with any?
Rest in Paradise Donna Summers.
by underpass next to traintracks cold beer here!
Stevie G. Is an ass!!
All my music artists and producers #ThrowYaHands up and say "I do what I do and I do it well"!!!!
No lies its written in my heart of Austin Love hahaha
At work, we are now required to wear name tags. I am a "name tag person."
Good night all.
Everyone is worried about who's going to be the QB Here's a question- who's going to catch the ball? Marshall gone - Bess hurt -Hartline #1?
i wonder what selena thinks of the video for boyfriend?
there just 1 college in my twitpic. I'll upload some tomorrow lol
Idiot. RT : Happy Birthday
I see. I'm in a rough stretch right now. It usually doesn't last this long. Kinda sucks.
Sharp Snipe!
best nuts in world from momma Rosey farm
amen amen
My love for music is a loaded gun, and I never keep the safety on.
Love watching
Big plans are in the horizon....eager to get our food out to all parts of the #ATX #Austin we love you!
im gonna go to sleep before he tell you night everyone
For sure...lets connect offline. Please send your contact info and thoughts/proposals to
he said that usually knee pain is alignment issues. If new shoes don't fix it then try supports.
I never let you go, because in the back of my mind, I still believe that someday we'll get our second chance.
Long day about to play some cards and entertain my new friends. I'm like a Juke Box! I'll be ya hike box for a small fee!,lol
Culture eats strategy for breakfast :)
Some of you may need a reminder that George Harrison was fucking awesome. So there it is. I'm glad I could be of service. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8>
Now is pointing out that EIGHT members of the 1994 San Diego Chargers are dead.
#rappernames If you were a cactus,I'd endure all the pain just to hug you.
Remember? They are at my house, just need to attach bling!
hey! Isn't it past your bedtime?? ;)
Me & the homies, on a Sunday afternoon.
Said tweet wuz a day or two ago. Check yr messages momentarily...
RT Anna #Quindlen takes over tomorrow and will be live tweeting. Follow along for day in the life of bestselling a...
In case you end up on Jeopardy! : A "pescatarian" is a person who eats fish, but no other type of animal's meat.
The descent to Hades is the same from every place.
great game. Nice job over there with the NHL. Keep it up and enjoy the rest of the season
A true friend is someone who sees the pain in your eyes while everyone else believes the smile on your face.
how can you monetize on pinterest?
Heat turned it up!
yea i think i might be busy so not sure yet. I'll keep u posted via twitter lol
Hope you have a great day=)
Patrick is doing a blogtalkradio show 2nite 10pm EST with DivaofDOOL! I'll tweet u the link later. I'm not home now.
: No worries! It was a great walk and i know you sent your love :) Have fun on your vacay!!
Don't marry a man to reform him - that's what reform schools are for.
Thanks to , & for the follow!
4th Quarter come and the Knicks just become even more abysmal
get me a
Where am i gna watch the fight at????
I miss seeing you.. Have your mommy call mine so we can have a slumber party!! We got a whole lot to catch up on.
Tweet that could be misinterpreted in the most interesting way. RT Enzi supports Franken.
"Being good at math is extremely sexy." -words of my math teacher <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I attempted to ingest cinnamon earlier-threw in the towel < 3 secs. A teaspoon of cinnamon helps lunch come back up.
ugh , i wish people would talk to me .
Ocean spray ruby red is so good, i put it in my top five favorite drinks. O yeah.
Thanks for the support and the tip...enjoy your weekend
Houston, we have a problem...
Why am I awake? I've slept for maybe 3 of the last 40 hours.
BIG thanks to for sponsoring tonight’s chat with !
go to my favorites & look at the twitlonger did, its the most recent thing I favorited
Lindsay Lohan has a GREAT lawyer. The lawyer got her out of jail in less than 24 hours last month.
Congratulations to our home town on the first round #win in the #NHL Playoffs!
How to make lots of #money renting out rooms!
Just been doing a lot of writing. I make those kind of songs women dnt make or say things women dnt.
Hess did Brigitte finally say yes?
please folloooowww me!
Elevator scene in Drive=epic
We do. If I've heard about you correctly, we probably need some cat lady bonding time.
Today's #CovertTU word: LOOK-A-LIKES – decoys used to confuse hit squads and surveillance teams. I have many look-a-likes. Can't find me!
Hooray! We've been wondering how the trip has been going so far.
Right, another Reagan era is JUST what we need.
More than happy to hold a copy for you. Very happy you like it and want to purchase one. Cheers—
lol. I know who it is, I just don't think I've known u to have an avi that wasn't u so every time I see it I do a double take. :)
"What time is it?? Summer time!! ANTICIPATION!!!"
I kind of want to go see One Direction in concert..
Updating our museum disaster preparedness manual since hurricane season starts next week.
Forgive myself for all of the negative things I do which are based on the unforgiveness I had for someone else!
Congratulations on "Wild Ones" being such a hit. About time you got recognition here in the US. "Soon We'll Be Found" is amazing.
Seriously.. Tim TBowie..? Jimmy Fallon is a f'ing genius.... If you're not watching you're missing the funniest tv ever..
Hows your sweet self doing?
I know...I saw one that I guy put his slong on the soundcloud pic! Talk about exit the page fast.....
things are settling down at #OWS. we should talk have some hospitality needs during the sojourn..
#Oomf told me that i hate hella shit to tweet bout...so not true..lol
Wow I'm watching tornadoes right now
3 Back End Profit Centers MOST Home Based Business Owners Ignore (But YOU Won't) Who else is struggling to figure out what to sell? Do yo
checks the baby name index to see if Orenthal has rebounded.
Hehe Thanks!! :D Yeah you're right pey looks sexy and spencer face is cute <3 luv them
you will love the Duran Duran concert on Saturday. We had a blast
did you take the new train to culver city?!?!?
Come on down to Juiced! on Brady Street tonight and get a free Macrobar with every juice purchased! 5 pm - 9 pm :))
That awkward moment when you accidentally call your friend Jesus..
Topaz Partners Xmas party
"You're never too old, too wacky, too wild, to pick up a book and read with a child." Happy Read Across America Day!
I am demonstrating an air sousaphone
Bucks looking real strong this year to.
MIA Will I Am
Beas Hamga was a good name in that club.
Really? You must be joking. : The Agony and the Ecstacy (again). : What's everyone reading? I need recs.
..thank u lindsey, I've had a bad morning, but this almost made me crack up in my training lol
You dropped him like he's hot <U+2600> Even though he's not .-.
Have the UK players declared for the NBA yet? Just checking as they dropped out of school 3 weeks ago.
365 days till I can be drunk at the bars with my favorite people etc& Vegas bound baby
It's the annual Chicken BBQ tonight at the Emporia-Greensville Ruritan Club....those boys can put on a feed!
"We're like... part clown car" - Tommy with
I thought that was a library conference badge ribbon train you were standing next to.
Great to see 4 of the guys complete the whole workout + open gym in Hyperwears 10lb weight vests. THEY got OUTSIDE their COMFORT ZONE!
waiting for the people in my country to gain the courage your people have. How old are you? If you don't mind me asking of course
Someone stole my garage can. What the hell, I understand we're in a recession but bro come on
Computer's being a bit slow to go- never fear, i'm here. D8
TIP: Expand your Twitter following by including images in at least 5 tweets a day.
Always support good talent! It never goes unnoticed!! :)
RT : Its Ladies of the Land, only the strong survive! AND WE HAVE A SURPRISE FOR OUR FANS! .... ANNOUNCEMENT TO BE MADE SOON!
“: YOU DON'T KNOW ME!” Lolol!
Thank you! I appreciate it RT : S/o to I love listening to you (:
lol! Im in total f'ing shock right now!!!
any chance to win some tix to show in PDX? Dying to go sold out.
A monumental day here for CIM UX Research! The president of CIM was a pilot for an upcoming study and wants more! Loving every moment :-)
Care to trade problems?
Crow has such a good curve ball
Maryland for thanksgiving...hanging with Nora and Louise and others...
You probably pass gas 14 times a day. On average, you will expel flatulence several times as part of digestion.
This guy is to nasty
The downtown parking garage where I park was noticeably more empty than a a normal Monday.
If you decide to cross Peachtree Rd at 10PM in an area that is not well-lit, it may behoove you to consider a crosswalk.
girl shut up & call me lol....talm bout a bubble bath & shit
How was actionable intelligence on OBL gathered? Weren't Dems opposed to the methods? Also, let's talk about the economy instead!
Nobody thinks food stamps are "doable" for real people. Need better policy, not celeb "experiments" that have already been done.
i have to say, i haven't seen ONE bad nyc video. PROUD TO BE A NY 1D FAN!!!
so true!
You seriously need to call me and tell me what's going on with you and your mom.
if we were super villains I would get a key to the city and you would get a really cool blankman t-shirt
Working hard...Nice
Wants someone to come sing Soft Kitty, Warm Kitty, little ball of fur...
Please have Wendy of Network Management (ext 4304) update my FedID and Group NPI. Currently locked out of til...
But did you see my elephant friend?!
Or at least shouldn't. RT : Stuff No One Says - Claude Giroux is the best player in the World.
U.S. Institutional Plan Sponsors Had Positive Start to 2012, according to Northern Trust Universe Data
The PaloVia laser is a home fractionated laser. PaloVia limits area , new one in office does not.
esp when u got it all planned out it's like damn!
Why do you insist on being such a bitch
I'm gonna start a religion just to see if i can get people to shit their pants every other Monday. In the name of our savior, obviously.
What's your walk-in probability of successfully finding space at bar for 3 or 4 people on an early Friday night?
"My deep joints are heavy as metal / Hot Headed Son, let off steam from my tea kettle"
“: You don't lose friends. You just learn who your real ones are.”
Dear , I know you have some #TaylorIssues but I want you to #SaySomethin and make me #11:11 wish come true
No new episode this week. Due to scheduling and work obligations, we're going to be moving to a bi-weekly release format.
you rock.
I think I'm Meant for you. hahahaha.
wow! thank you so much!! :)
No guitars! Weird, "quirky" electro girl. Also enjoying Twin Shadow, absent guitars.
not giving that nugget away..besides, I'm sure you remember
wearing sparkly Pink Toms. They are fantastic
thanks, sir!
that's a sweep for L.A. but its gon b bad 4 them niggas 2nd round v.s. OKC
Apologies to The Class of 2011! We had a situation with our first assembly, and had to postpone Puppy Day till tomorrow.
Another day of filming with Jeff Bewkes
Today in 1965 the Mariner 4 space probe reached Mars and started sending back images of the planet for the first time. Truly historic!
RT : PwC 2012 Inf Sec Breaches Survey ISBS finds 38% of large co's don't encrypt their cloud data, 50% of SMEs don't vet...
Efficient and historical--they aren't mutually exclusive. There's still space in our Historic Window Repair and Retrofitting Workshop Sat.!
A friend and I were just discussing it would gr8 4 #TMBG to do another drum machine backed album...Sleigh Bells seem to get it...
Always looking for guest bloggers on ThusSayethMe.com. Tell me if you have something you're eager to say.
wish I could make it, cutie. Hanging with BurningMan friends at a comedy show. Have fun! :)
Look forward to seeing ya'll there
getting into a good college..am i dreaming?
Today at the Lighter Than Air Fair we have Smokey Bear w/ his trailer and stage now until 2PM plus much much more. Come by, it's free!
Remember you are unique...Just like everybody else.
Now every time I see a plane in the sky, I'm going to be disappointed a space shuttle isn't on it's back
Operation get swole er
Good-morning ! I think a morning nap is in my near future! Enjoy your morning. See you in an hr or so.
tonight's gig canceled, but tomorrow is still scheduled at Nickleby's in #Akron! Get there!
you work at bdubs right? I'm about to pick up some food there!
seems like just yesterday you were 17... lol happy birthday<33
Know you were up late/early. Is the pillow on the chair a permanent fixture? I may have to look into that for myself. :)
YES YES YES YES YES YES pleaase :)
would love for you to be following me. You only have 98 you are following so how about 99 or 100 would be awesome!
awhh, lol guess who is coming home soon! :D
This ones for the girls who've ever had a broken heart, who've wished upon a shooting star, you're beautiful the way you are
I want one! :O
My grandma is ordering a guitar cake for my birthday party next weekend.
Wish the scroll would stay in real time with latest updates.
im good also just enjoying my days off
What is Empower Network? 2.5 Million in 56 Days!?
We have to help kids connect the dots. School is about content without connection-kids can't see the meaning.
I've never had a boyfriend or a girlfriend, am I missing something? lol
I can't wait to finish Mass Effect 3 so I can commence acting like a petulant child. Come at me, free weekend.
Too f***n bad LOL
Wauwatosa -- additional mutual aid from North Shore fire and Butler.
Finally set up my netflix ! And the first thing I put on " the exorcist " :o
21 Jump Street movie is absolutely hilarious! Haven't laugh that hard in a while.
Flireflies and toads are quite lively tonight.
We'd like to thank Rick Carter for the quick recommendation! (over in the right hand column)
Did you know that our products are 100% cruelty-free to animals? Just say NO to testing on our friends w/ fur!
Loner with boner
I can now tweet from my pre!
if vernon was gonna get a penalty, he shoulda knocked the camera guy over and started filming himself!
7 of the top 10 #google #trend topics right now are lottery related.
Glad you are enjoying the film festival! I'm trying to get some delicious recipes ready for tomorrow night :)
I spy some skippers . lmfaoo
Sitting next 2 a boy 15years old, and he's singing to victories lol
When you are thinking while having sex...that you may have a problem..its time to get help lol
wow i hav the exact same blue nail polish cute ")
If happy ever after did exist I would still be holding you like this
I prewash AND 2nd rinse, because I'm a classy bro and my clothes deserve the best.
JR SMith is ridiculously athletic, that was AWESOME! highlight
Who's online? :3
Gateways of the West, traveling through clean film gates in the East.
Probably would :-(
Palindrome of the day: "Straw? No, too stupid a fad; I put soot on warts."
“: Good Look!!! Im coming back weds.!!! That's cool?” bet. It's goonna have to be when I get outta class.
Im not afraid to admit I'm still in love with him and i know he still loves me and will always be with me in my heart :'(
damn C, its still morning, what going happen when night falls, u be super knock out lil
thank you !
If you don't follow and , a) you should, and b) see tonight's Twitter convo. All class.
Looking for a technologist to launch a new venture. Email us at for more information.
Pretty sure I broke some type of record for Oreo Consumption today. Be sure to watch Sportscenter later.
what is your research interests?
Skype.. oovoo anyone wanna video chat tonight?
I wonder what my future boyfriend is doing right now ? ._____. Lol .
Come in today for your Biscochito Cupcake!!!! M New Mexico is great :)
great game buddy!
excuse us, beer lovers - we'll be back up in no time!
2am. I'm actually pretty tied. Night might.
Please consider a small donation! Every bit helps.
hahah totes (: and its really no big..i've learned to deal with it (: i kinda want more than 4 hours of sleep 2night so..
WE CROSS IT OUT AND STAY AWAYAY
We should create a new language "Pearl" to take over Ruby.
Now you should get the camera head to those FEC tracks near you and make a tribute for me that day LOL
agreed, lol.. Consider it a joint venture wedding gift from 2 people who kind of had a similar idea and didn't know it
BREAKING #maitland shooting. Witness tells TV man was shot in the head by his girlfriend. Cops have gun drawn while looking for shooter.
the video with Rudy Gay is legit! We need to do a baseball one with Gio.
Capers open mic tonight.
Google says that mobile will be the "#1 game changer for clients" in 2012, as mobile searches have grown 500% over the past two years.
We got a name change! Bye-bye, str8erline. You can now call us StraighterLine on Twitter!
God doesn't save you because of who you are, God saves you because of who He is.
For day dressing, ditch your skirts this spring...!
RT : 8 / 10 do not want their children to be taught a patriotic version of British history, YouGov poll found (The Times).
Hate it when on the rare times I can actually listen to the Ross Burbank show Luke has the day off. Boo!
I don't think I've ever seen those two words adjacent to each other. Gag
all eyez on me
agree! But Pop wouldn't have it any other way
#TopChef has kidnap my friend please let him go!!!
I'm gonna break your little heart in two
about this art of ..I want in..I must have some for The Pansophy Project..how do I collect this art of yours?
Thanks for the tweet & advice on the story, Kruse.
The quickest way for me to unfriend you is by posting your triathlon pictures.
Interested in going back to school to become an architect, landscape architect, or planner? April 30 is Harvard's Career Discovery deadline…
I am really sorry. It was just one of those days. I looked up and it was 3 o'clock. Wondered why my phone kept beeping.
The public schools I went to did Not teach us to think,Why would teach a bunch of donkeys to think? We weren't worth it.Donkeys just work.
I take it you've stopped bleeding?
Don't be discouraged by the price of a Phase I. Work done today will save you thousands in the future!
"You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with." - Jim Rohn Q: what does your "average" say about you?
yeah.. crying all day isn't fun..
The re-roofing happening above me sounds like dental work on steroids.Working from home isn't all pjs & 1pm beers, there are some downsides.
It's a Go-Betweens kind of Wednesday.
no fun it may be a bug you may have caught at school get better soon :)
i felt real stupid just staring at the basketball players and sh*t ... by myself !
these niggas will talk , but won't never C me !
#ArizonaWildcats #Ugh Casteel alien abducted passing thru NM? Nah, just the ways of the Ninja AD
This has been an amazing and rewarding week...I hope it continues!
Another day at wrk
Greetings on the Sunday of St. John Ladder & the Feast of St. James of Catania! ".. only thru prayer & fasting.."
Swollen eye < <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
So, if you're really looking to remove "yellow", try a whitening shampoo...works like "bluing" shampoo for gray hair on us :)
Not answering phone, either.
I'm too mad right now...don't even know why!
Devils, man. Devils.
RT “These commitments support our goals for the next five years and the promises we have made to the District
There's hardly anyone in the office, but it's strange to think on the other side of the wall are hundreds of students, sweating out finals.
Gray - going for the neutral look, I suppose.
im cold and tried good night everybody
of course! I think it says I am. It's shaded blue. : )
coz it sounds like a disquisting noise..
Uconn's d is stout
Naptown Dragons vs. All Night Express is up next.
The NFC west should forfeit it's playoff spot. How difficult is it to get the rules changed so only winning records get in?
Coffee working this morning! Thank you!
yeah I'm I'm summer vacation - no more classes till mid August :)
See Me & on Flashpoint (WCNC) You'll hear real conservatism, No taxes! Sun 11am.
I gotta pee!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6> But i don't feel like gettin up!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> maybe I can hold it till mornin? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
I cannot recall the last time I was so excited for bed... Ill still stay up after Jord goes to sleep and write. I suck at life.
thank you so so so much manddda iloveyouuuuuu!!!!
Cool. What are you making?
Could u imagine Iron Mike Tyson walking out 2 the ring w/ McCauley Coulkin?
Today was a good day. Gonna end it right with a nice bowl
I'd love to see it too!
You know you where a mad fronchie rebler if you went to Bandoleros just to battle on sundays lmfao
I know this saying. Was invented in Russia. - Ensign Pavel Chekov RT : Man is what he believes. – Anton Chekhov
BTW- everytime I see Pawn Stars I think about how the Old Man reminds me of Dad. What do you think?
Remember the winning years of the #Redskins? Recollect with this year's documentary-The Washington Redskins: Winning Years.
oic. not possible right now. Only IT has content edit privilege right now. The whole med school got its site redesigned.
Get the fuck out, Dan Deacon is performing at Comet, free for AU students???
I'd beat yu in real ball
#LiesThatAlwaysWorked I never got your email. What did it say?
Dear Chick on MTV Jams. You are NOT the fireball of the party.
They tried to take you down a few yrs ago but you over came the battle and defeated the HATERS. Always a fan babe! Happy B Day!
and longer hair!
I hate Butterflies
is a man of God who has something to say! Please do him the honor of following him, you will not regret it!
thank you :)
I give a damn about what you do...but I get offended when you act like I'm stupid...lol I'm off you
trashy isn't even the right word.
6 more days.
Im living proof dat hard work pays off...
I knew she was a whore when she ordered the cream of mushroom soup
So exited to buy new makeup. <U+E32A><U+E32D><U+E328><U+E32B>
Yes, and I will be doing a Q&A on community cultivation grants in #drupal on IRC 12 noon EDT Th 14th
I dont recall Munch sending anything like Monsieur Van Gogh did ... but you never know!
Awww I love it!
AGAIN! AMARE Sucks his court awareness is HORRIBLE, along with his hands, dribble, defense etc etc etc
What was the best thing you did this weekend? Would love some great ideas for next weekend!
can i be in one of your movies?!
#Norway: #Brevik's bragging about slaugthering children reminds me of America's homegrown, right-wing Okla City terrorist, Timothy
I will not control or restrain things I do not understand.
more! more goals! get more!
Hmm, my laptop shut down when I accidentally tried to plug in the wrong side of the USB cable...scary!
Damn portillos drive thru was too crazy tonight...
Loving somebody not only takes effort, but it takes studying them...Learning how to Love every element about them.
: Is it on lyk a specific website or anyone in general?
I haven't listened to their song yet. I'm guessing I better listen to it.
Waitin on this class to start, i did not feel like comin to school today.
The Friends of Henderson Libraries Used Book Sale kicks off tomorrow at noon at the Paseo Verde Library and continues thru next week.
I wonder how someone would react if I sent them mad one letter texts!! I'm gonna try it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Great Mother's Day Gifts mean our products and gift cards! Hurry before this Sunday!
okay thanks.
Yep!! We will be there!
And lets be serious, even though the Kings record is above .500 in NHL standards (40-27-15), they are really a 40-42 team.
If we deny love that is given to us, if we refuse to give love because we fear pain or loss,then our lives will be empty, our loss greater.
Is there an issue we can help with?
sorry mother... (: anywhoo, what are you wearing tomr??
no, robots are just doing job that Americans are too lazy to take!
Almost! (you forgot one word!!)
Congrats! Where did you get a job?
What did i do, for his friends not like me.......
they can get mad at me all they want, Im a SAG and i aint budging! BUDGET or BUST yo tail out my face! lmao
Bananas and I are at ABC 26 getting ready for an interview about our event and calendar
Wrestled nick today, glad we're still friends (:
I've heard - and I don't know if this is true - that here are places where, in May, it's 70 and sunny
Calvin Borel strikes again. Take Charge Indy in
Music is my life!!! I would die without usher , justin bieber, NeverShoutNever, Jesse McCartney, Avril lavinge and Chris brown!!! <3
I really like Dr. Kalish @ Deep River Family Med... Right around the corner from the office.
I thought she could live forever. RIP Jean Craighead George. She IS the mountain.
Come play social bocce ball on federal hill park this summer more details at baltimorebocce.com
Hi! We are doing our first IVF cycle in January. Any advice or things you wish you knew before you IVF?
Do you ever get tired of seeing #LobCity? Yeah, me neither.
I feel like giving away season passes this week. Want the upper hand on winning them? Check out
I know I'm no good, but I'm a lot of fucking fun.
no problem. n. taleb fan? dude is badass.
nice running into you yesterday! How'd soccer practice go? :)
Weve got the #herewepurple deals all in one sweet and FREE smartphone application.
#ThingsIGetAlot "you look young for 33!" Thanks!!!
You got to be 'Linning'
It's been a long week lol
RT : and I just pulled up on Short Vine for some
Let's sell a boat today!!!!!
follow me.?
I'm listening to talking about bringing young women to feminism.
Get my e-mail?
so excited to be in austin #wholefoods where #TopChef was shot. Anyone following show?
Looking forward to meeting everyone this afternoon/evening for #HappyHour at Majerle's downtown & Tilted Kilt! See you there!!
oh my god I did
Hey may you give me some shoutout? :)
-_____- i'm going to punch you in the face
Live from Bullfrogs sports pub in North Ridgeville Ohio. Alum Jordan White will become the 1st to go pro.
Friday wave!
Just updated my Blackberry for the 1st time ...EVER...in 2 years! :-)
Agreed, he should Lucas all his prior movies for animation
Just from the trailers, the news that's out there -- seems like every decision they made on this film is wrong.
it's called a tweet
Are you pride driven or spirit lead?
love it when you think someone is happy with the way things are going and then you figure out they're not.. oh this is
Making a personal account but no pics of me!:]
I have never listened to him, but the way you put it, might have to support his career as a rapper now.
be safe bestfriend
thank you!
Check out the article about OKC Party Bus in the November 11th issue of the Oklahoma Gazette pg. 48
How lames is that, right?! And it is from a "cloud" company... you'd think they'd have their act together... just my bias.
**Style 101** Due to the #throwback fashion don'ts we have encountered over the weekend, we're asking..what brands did you rock growing up?
Hang in there!
I swear stop tweet watchin so fuckin hard and yes this is directed towards YOU..............
No more WMLW means milwaukee during brewer games? yay
#slapyourself if you only got 1 chrome rim on ur car
The Silk Tie likes Chris! ties? thesilktie.com
#15peopleilove #3 , , and the rest of the crew!
Alan Kay: Future of conventional reading: Paine's _Common Sense_ only accessible to to 13% and declining.
U B Recording bro
home. back to the real world.
Disk Repair Services just $5 on DVDs & CDs. We remove virtually any scratched for discs returning them to like-new condition 916-469-8586
Happy birthday day to the most beautiful mom in the world<3
Olympics in London What are Londoners going to do with all the people,how are u going to get anywhere?Come visit USA get away from it all.
Thank you so much!!It was great being there!! xo
Oh yeah. We'll be there. I'm just trying to be as busy & out there as is humanly (& financially) possible.
Hi everyone how u doing?
Very glad to hear it Jill :-)
No more pasta for a good while.
The trains are still running on the tracks! Stop by the Conservatory Crossing today! $3/person
Nothing says "good morning" like a dog coughing in your armpit.
#FF Politics I disagree with, but she talks to me and her answers though a little off in my mind, are well thought out.
Why is it called the 9:30 club? What club was next to Iota before the two merged into the current Iota space?
every single one of his songs is good.
Nobama....same ol same ol.....Destroy wealth in stead of creating wealth
ewww school started for the kids here last week.
anyone do Drupal and live in Allentown area? Full time positions 60-100k. Either way, have a good weekend!
Brb, catching spiders and snails to sneak into Augusts backpack tomorrow.
Looking for: Windows VSS and Storage Stack Developers in CA/WA. NTFS, SQL File systems drivers email
I'd say "most" rather than "some!" sm is a gift from #sportsbiz gods & most barely move needle w it!
Fuckk i have to wake up ubber early if im gonna curl my hair Dx
Laying in bed, remembering a conversation in your head, and imagining what you should've said instead.
Very painful to listen to Ira Glass' retraction of Mike Daisey's Apple story. Can hear his voice cracking with the strain of it.
Thanks sorry for the late response.. have an awesome week :)
“: Enjoyin this nice night listenin to some ” that's what I like to hear buddy!!
mine too - I am able to get to email on my time, which may be after hours when a phone call back is not ideal.
Got a Brand New XBOX YEAH!!!!!!!
client had to leave this morning's meeting because he was called to a meeting at the White House. I GUESS that's more important...
bitch.....cuz i'm a cannibal like dat
looking forward to kicking back and watching a movie under the stars!
I love Handbags, Hats, Shoes, Outfits, and Jewelery....Hello ( Privet ), Everyone and Have A Beautiful Day!
you are welcome
The alphabet starts with ABC. Numbers start with 123. And my inspiration starts with JDB. <U+2665>
LOVE it! I'm so excited for the finale!
follow back please !!
there's just some people's voices that never cease to make me want to throw a brick in their face.
2012 is the year I can tweet #RCTID and not look like a poser anymore! 20 days til moving day!
"Hoppy" #Easter and #Passover from Digital Backpack... hope you got your fill of chocolate and other delicious goodies!
I really like this show awkward :)
What a night of making Merry it was! I've never seen La Fiesta Lounge packed like it was Christmas Eve!
Sweet Dreams Twitter #kisskiss #nakedtweet #bedtime loves you!
#FF who always breaks the most important stories in baseball. Like Zombie Sammy Sosa.
Oops. I always add/follow people I think I know but then realize it's the wrong person. Embarrassing.
is finally tweeting, took her long enough ;P
i followed now plz follow back (:
When you catch him staring at you from the corner of the eye and you try to look pretty ;3
Liss sounds like he was just circumcised? Would you start Phil Hughes with 2 starts next week or is he the next Jurjens?
"Everybody dies, but not everybody lives." the truest words i have ever known
"my phone stays buggin/ cause groupies wanna hug em/ yeah we always fuckin/ but i aint cuffin nothin" new song by SEAUX
that's why you're one of the most lovable people I know.
hey bo
Anyone remember when Packer fans were calling for Crosby's release?
Thank god for shoes
Fuck my Dick hole!
would it be too much if i asked you to follow me? <3
Dont have to go to work...yayyy.now I can sleep :-)
Bored just found an old visa and it still has a good amount of money on it!
It's perfectly normal to put on deodorant in front of everyone.
Go to work bitch
Will miss you all!!!! Until next year.
Maybe he's just a bad manager?
72 would've had him in a good spot. just not a course where he can let it go with the driver. a lot of nerve racking drives
Crap the Capitals are winning!! GO BRUINS!!!
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very appreciative for those who follow PC!
I Saw Royal Ivey Trending...And I Automatically Thought Of "Blue Ivy" <U+2665> Blue Ivy's Momma(;
it should be acceptable to shoot someone on sight for saying that phrase.
Trying to decide which I care less about: ebooks in libraries, or Charlie Sheen. Right now it's Sheen by a nose.
please follow us! We're a brand new fan page for you! :)
Does any Free agent really want to play for the vikings?
that was awesome. Making south Florida proud!
.....Friendship over.
Long may you sling! Good coffee and chocolate croissant last Saturday.
I dig the new IronWorker daily usage reports
Hearing strange noises outside your window before going to bed -.-
ha. friends are only friends until they find better ones. new lesson this year!
omg!! WHY did I JUST get your replies!?! Ugh!! :(
Those moments where the day is great. Nothings wrong. But you feel blaaagh. Yupp,
#BOSU challenges balance, coordination, strength and endurance. Sign up and burn some mega calories! Call us and feel the burn!
New house new life big things new shit
Thanks, Kerrie. I also might try the sheet metal screws. God knows I have enough pairs of running shoes.
Doctor Niall has a nice ring to it, doesn't it? Haha I got the #DirectionInfection but I'd love to #DealWithNiall ;D
Looks like a certain 12-man unit still has a ways to go.
this chick tripping on shrooms in our study hall
but I'm glad Scott is getting help. I met you last spring at Ted DiBiase's night in NJ . How are you doing ??
Having a deep talk with my dad. It's sad :(
Crazy thunder and lightening!
I think we just saw my car blow away
Tomorrow we will hit up the 3rd Ward @ Catalano Sq from 11:30-1:30. please tell your friends , you too!
not my fault
Chinese food hollaaa~ finally getting my appetite back
#FF PD politics writer 'cause he's nice guy, writes interesting stuff and he's got my back ;)
We will be Leland City Club (Official) for their customer appreciation party 2nite.. Free cover and $1 drinks before 1am
how u been?
Guys in bow ties always look like clowns to me. Just can't take them seriously.
half-fast in boulder, smiling moose in the mtns
“: Guys wearing denim shorts are all sexual predators.”. Every man should own a fine pair of
Rev Run is on point as usual. Are you a fan? If not you should be!!!
Lol bac to bed I go.
It hurt me like hell, so I have ignored their advice that I should get a checkup each year.
Thank god it's Friday blah I had the hardest time getting out of bed aha
Whew! Met the deadline (late) last night for coarsework completion. Another class towards Clinical Hypnotherapy degree.
Take 1 Roddy getting a cut and doing his verse at the sametime Maynnneeeeee
Ok, Mitt killed that one.
like mayo
RT : How To Ignore Your Email Without Losing Your Job: Save time and be more productive by using these simple tips an......
That's what you're seeing now. James Harrison was the first, but he won't be the last.
looks like Pachysandra.
thank you. Let's hope Radio likes it ha
has partnered with Runnin' For Rhett for Winterfest 2012. Be on the lookout for ads in the SN&R and info on the website.
just fuckin with ya. One of my favorite movies of the year.
American Library Association Copyright Advisory Network now has a facebook page.
Get your juice for your buck, SquE-Z!
Just wanted to let you know that your phone loves you<U+2665>
Ughh. Someone needs to come over and sleep with me
I was shivering earlier and now i feel like I'm running a fever. I feel like the Memphis weather has embodied me.
Frozen yogurt>>>>>
I smoked something called diablo once & I turned into an alien. Anti diablo <U+261D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
Category 19-F winner is Brad Hicks WITI
Thank you for the RT, sweetheart!
On the hunt for a new job opportunity? Follow for info on careers at Peoplefluent!
Yeah I am! and thanks girl :)
Listening to the fine organ sound of Mr,. Tony Monaco. Master of the B3.
Do you really think people saw $ that way. Agree to disagree maybe for 1st time I'll call show Sun. good tpic
#bieberfact He once asked Rihanna out on a date, she turned him down (Crazy, Right?) RT if you would accept if he asked you out! :D
#QuoteoftheDay “Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.” Mother Teresa (1910–1997)
Today's Sandwich: Turkey & co-jack on a croissant with lettuce, tomato, mayo & a cup of soup....$6.95
Just got up, bout to cook some breakfast.
dominated the #StateOfTheUnion!
how long before you guys go podcast? #ImWithYaBuddy!
Well, that should do it.
will be back this week.
How he's got away with cheating so far. RT I'm going to visit w/Nick Saban this AM, what do u want to know about Roll Tide?
Looking forward to working with fellow member !
“: Sometimes I want to tell certain people, "just because they make them in your size doesn't mean you should wear them."” Love!
A simple heartfelt thanks!
Life is short and unpredictable. Don't waste another minute on people, places and things that don't make you happy.
there is a God! last year, I lost an iPhone at this event - this year, I won an iPad.. thank you, Univ of St. Thomas!
sorri for being so cold
Home with a horrid cold, did not even get to church. Phooey. Thinking of my WIPs like long distance lands I cannot reach.
I was behind a dark gray EOS today. I can get on board with that :)
They're already awake. I heard them say they're coming to your room.
Every child is gifted they just unwrapped their package at different times
The gays who suddenly think Obama is the best president ever, just because he helped the gays a bit. <<<<
Don't try calling me right now.... It's Regis' farewell show an I'm busy.
Tonight, The Rock Band "SHAMAN" in Sky Lounge, 2nd. St. & Washington. Join us for the best Friday's Latin Passion Nights in town!!!!!
I need a job I think. I need more...
so i fell asleep to stockcar racing on TV and imagined it as mario kart with amazing especial effects, it was quite the fun nap.
I aint got shit to do so i guess ill have drinks with mommy tonight
Very awkward car ride.....
Next ticket I gotta buy is for the KISS/Motley Crue tour......that one is gonna cost me a good chunk of cash. Oh well, so worth it :)
FLASH® Announces Scholarship Recipients
“: Our full platform, launching in May, will be nationwide by the end of this year! :)” very cool!
oops I don't care
That's great! Congrats!!! RT : Just checked my profile, another coach! From Maine. That makes 6.
All i cn do is thank god
Thanks for the RT of "too mean to die"
Great event as always and !
Uhmm Excuse Me Miss : )
If I really fuck with you, then your problems are my problems.
ya, they looked good... but lets see what guinness has to say :)
lol. You guys r not coming back your already crazy.
I love my new tapestry above my bed
#AskAlexConstancio do you read my tweets??? :) <3
Hey baby what happened to my LOL! This is what the Mic picked up. I said testing the mic.
Haven't heard anyone mention a library staff discount but of course, WE like the idea. Will pass idea along to powers-that-be.
Why sometimes do you love your friends unconditionally nd sometimes u wanna tear them 2 pieces
your remix is flawless
i'll call you bitch for short, as a last resort & my first resort. you call me mf for long, at the end of it you know we both were wrong.
Only god picks your family, but you LICK your friends. lolololol.
Sitting at a bar next to couple on a blind date. Dude forgot his ID.
The Silk Tie likes Patrick!
ESPN Sports Reporters all picking against the
We cubans come to the beach for the bbq , and eating.lol
hah! I have all three with me!
haii Austin (: please follow me <33
We are at the 8th Annual CHLI Gala & Leadership Awards tonight. A lovely event so far, that Google is proud to be a part of.
If, after 7 years, JLo and MarcA can't make it, what chance do the rest of us have?
U couldn't pay me to be in tha Kennedy family, them fuckers are CURSED!
want to talk to FOX 5 NEWS about your find?! Tweet at me!
ima txt u now
same here :D
It's No Coincidence Miami & Hell Is Hot. For My Road Map To Get To Miami Is & Has Been Through Hell...That's Why I'm FIRED UP
Thanks so much for sharing this!
Just done a #BIM presentation to #Bouygues in London - seemed to go down well
and that's whether their Black owned or not. I RTd that tweet on first glance as a result of the anthro. of conflict + vioelnce
You know it! RT : No wonder I'm movin slow this mornin! Time for my gummies!
Good luck to all the runners in #pennrelays and welcome to Philly. Drivers, bikers, pedestrians - let's be patient with each other. :-)
School tomorrow. No
If Cleveland or any other city is interested in hosting. Start exploratory planning and let's talk at the conference or email.
WOW! heck, I'm done and its now even me! That should start your week off right!
Why I recommend Premise from : When I ask questions, support answers are fast, thorough & NICE! Thanks!
I don't know, I usually make it to Somerville in 20 min - bring some girlfriends - great coffee shop downstairs!
#TheVoice Kim Y didn't hit it, weak, bad song choice for her.
We had a successful Chalk Talk event last night. Seattle ad people, mark March 10th for the ADDY Awards!
Best of both worlds! RT Tough choice so BOTH RT : What are ur fav toppings on ur froyo? Do u prefer fruit or candy?
now new buzz lightyear profile picture :)
If your haven't made the switch to digital radiography what has been the reason? Let us know so we can bring DuoView to your practice!
Fl drivers license - check. License plates - check. Homestead exemption - check. Now officially FL resident. Finally official.
I think I'm going with whom ever signs mike vick, that will be my team for the 2009 season. Looks like the pats might sign him soon.
First event tomorrow!!! I'm nervous but excited.
lookin at 25-30 per person plus transit. Everyone's keen on art gallery sat. Is that doable for you?
And end with -ville? : My first task as new PCEO of Apple [...] all apps will have the words Edge and Scrolls added to them.
Why would Coach K or Calipari leave to join the #nets? They'd be crazy.
LA works great if you don't think of it, or have expectations of it, as a city. It's just a giant, goofy town. #ValKilmer in
you're so sexy.
My husband just asked me out on a date!
